& - -md&THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.)PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1917.'VLate War Bulletins.FARMERS' INSTITUTE CLOSES.THE TOBACCO MARKET.The Farmers' Institute, which wasNEW YORK, March 12. A plan inaugurated at Nortih Middletown un-thereby cargo tonnage can be created - -p., i tu .,01m w.aa e- .; aHo: snnnnfl n tohan ; I ,.., this nonntrv "faster than Germanv wto commercial uiuD, closed an in-' ""l1'""-: - ".- - "":" .- "1CI11B "l'i'cu. c iw tw au.vcan sink It" has been devised by F. teresting three-days' session in thai aed; The market was !5 J l1!!,. IUUI, Vk CIO 1 UUUlIlh 1U1 UlllUb U11U 1IIIUHEAD OF "ANOTHER TICKETI FOR SHERIFF' GETS SOREBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE'. .FRIDAY, .MARCH 9. j In the last issue of THE BOURBON"The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse NEv S several tpolitical announce-vittfl in oivir.mtinctnn p.inrk. an Amprinan eniri- city Saturday. The attendance wasneer, according to an announcement very good and a great deal of interestj.,-,,. Kofnro n inint soQKion of Hi p. An. was manifested in the proceedings.tomobile Club of America, the Aero Miss Mary E. Sweeney, of Lexington.),. C! nnnn ni.n,.orVM? filllnW " """ ." ..v. ....v.G. E. Reynolds sold 3,725 pounds. S" en "s lns announcementaverage $19 84. For tne past eiSateen months there ;G-. & R. Florence sold 950 pounds, nas ueen oonsiuerame iuik oi an op-Olub of America and Motor Boat Club o was on the program tor a talk, (average ?19 57 n7n Ptum ticket" tor Shrift to the pros-. WJl5 linn IP tr HP nrocont l-iovino- un. a. a. iv.cuci vx uuu ouiu o.u v .,v... . v-ui, iin,umuiiii-o, iuwjia. ,. u. iuvunu-TThTnew tv.oe of vessels it was said dergone an operation at the Good Sa-!avaSe f12- .,.. tock and Ollie Marshall, with Mr.Tflie nes tpe ot vessels, it vas saiu. Hosnitil in Lexington for in Stewart & Morgan sold 9,00o pounds, Robert Gilkey addG(1 as a deputy. Nu-could be built in great numbers quick matanHoBpital. in Lexington, for ap-1 e $18 28 suggestediy, at small soct and of diminutive Penuicius. Current & James sold 1,360 pounds. ....... nt ihnl and would-have such low visi An unproaramed talk .provided an average $18.19. ?" " LfTc St rwhiv ns pnmmrpd with the ereat unexpected feature of the closing day w. B. Kiser sold 1,555 pounds, aver- Iast minute tnej an 1,0c com. teet.1 M 'sUdb noTafloat tot tt couldbe of the Institute. Mr. James H. Tdiomp-'age $18.13. v Feeling assured that when the Met hvl hmie at barelv more son, one of the leading farmers of the. Burroughs Bros, sold 2,415 pounds, Clintock ticket (handed in their official2 I thVd o the Ltonce at idi coun red a viS protest average $17.65 announcement that there would be noIhP 10 m ton .teLSnow is dc aSainst the proposed new tax law, us-! George Withers sold 1.12o pounds, opposition, we prepared the customary1 pi steamship no is dc ,aVZBl? S.mmPr, sold 3120 comPIinientar' otice callinS attentiont,JCted' . . , ., B Hutchcraft, who had expected to de-' RfeiS & Su?mm-fS Sld ' to it, and we made it a little strong,In addition, it was asserted the ne wuicncrait, wno naa expecteu to ae pounds average $17.51. believed the bovs deserved the.raft impelled entirely by motor, fend lfc' but who was detained in 1 Collins & Henry sold 4,085 pound:; . ?SVT 7,i y.s aeservea tnecralt, lmpeuea enureij uy U1L" Frankfort UvprieP S17 43 beSt tIiat could be said about them.would offfynrpmYnf Mr. Thompson took the ground that Wofd'cVd'& Pridemore sold 1,725 However, the day after the notice hodmore easily manemered m event of an 1 d m wag devised pounds average $1736. been put into type, ANOTHER ticketencounter, and because of its sma11 .non.farmin interests and would re-1 Drennan & Dray sold 3,745 pounds had been formed to take a chance.aTfl wVe r to Mhlw f.Tnk Hip 'suit in a .Heavier burden for owners'of , average $17.13. They brougM in their announcementPedoestliatordinanly woidd sink the, , Burke, Brent & Boas s9ld 9,630 As custoraary, we attempted to saylarger vessels oi sieei consirucuui:, . . , . . . . , , pounas, averu-ge xo.oi.ould "pass idlv beneath." !ial "l e"csls- H tiaJ hcf.h?d Andrew Reffctt soiu 4,405 pounds,Tt was estimated that 1 000 000 tons.ldevoted ten years to the study ot the average $16.94. .JV S- ,tofn V;;r'"ii !tax problem, and marshalled an im- Reynolds Letton sold 7,100 pounds.' , , . ', , ,,, Ua 4pressive array cf statistics to support average $16.83.vAth a speed of nine knots could be - pnntnHnn 11nIea the nroDOaefl Whaley & Plummer soldbuilt at a cost of $100 000.00 111 a year., radically amended, he pounds, average ?16.79These boats would be 185 feet over all, L . . ... ., wnillflftRllU. in t.h W. J. Kiser sold 3,315 pounds, av-with thirty-six-foot beams. fl ... . ,. "nr. wHllorv Qlll1 th erage $16.52.ifaciiK-iiii, t u.it,".... ..., v.. -rDr o, T:ip.v sold J,.oiu nounas. average $15.88.Sales will be held to-day ana weuchiftirp- nf tpjiI pstnti of the remainingn..,.Txm. -T 1- -10 mi. """" wWAbHiisuiuiN, .uarcu . iuu fiften per cent of the taxes lhat maklAmerican government has began actsomething nice about them, and tomodify the elaborate notice we had already in type about the McClintockticket, but in marking out the creamT$)45 of the "bull" we failed to lift out thelast sentence on the following lines:"Mr. McClintock, who heads the ticket, bas worked untiringly for all thenominees who have been candidatesin the past on the Democratic ticket,American government lias oegan aci ,up the toU1 revenue of tne state." nesday,ual reparations for arming American; R(? sald that he di(1 llot charge that ter daymprphntrnpn nirninst. Clnrmanv's ruth ,. ,, 4,.. i.m . i...f the State." day! the market closing on the lat- and has spent both time and moneymerchantmen against Germany's ruth ithe autlors of the bill were not honless submarine warfareShipowners having been notified ofPresident Wilson's decision that hehas full legal authority to proceedest men, but that they had been madethe "dupes of special interests seek 'ing to escape from anv taxationwhatever." He said that he believed--- - - WIIULliVei. I1C BdlU Ulttl, 11 ulw,v-.Tvith this policy, details were taken u Mr Hutchcraft had come to a re-1.1 rl-4- t. HHx .loin'. ...up SO uiiere iui&iil uti iia liucit: uciaas possible in granting requests fordefensive armament.When vessels sail under the policyoi armed neutrality they will do sowith the full backing of the administration, expressed in the form of warrisk insurance, of naval guns and gunners.DEPENDENT WAREHOUSE FRIDAY, MARCH 9.The Independent Tiobacco Warehouse Company sold Friday, a total of34,505 pounds of tobacco for an average ot $17.77 per ihundred pounds-.Some of the crop averages rcporu-ufreely to defeat the Republican whomay have had the nerve to try anddefeat a good Democrat in Bourboncounty. He is fearless, honorable andefficient, and 'Will G-.'s' word is takenas his bond. He should not have opposition." Mr. Clarke, who is finincing the newticket, is very much incensed at the4,275 "He should have no opposition," andnlizaticn that an alliance with the tavnrrrm ri uic not nn alliance with the worn as fellows:I'lWJj' .. ...w .-- - --. . .i 1 :.. Ttl.. T TJ.iff ori-ll r.nlflfarmers. Mr. inompsou nau oeen 1.1 nm cc j... ; .' '. .. -iriinVfnH fnr qpvpviI davs areuing pounds tor $iz.vi, avuuu .?xu.o. imm;S mat we biiuuiu iuj.: i u.nLraiiKlort for serial dajs, arguing & and (leraa:lded it If h1nib propubiLiuu uCiUlc M. Vw - tiftlinrl f i r,Q9.S3. average 51S.3o. ,,, nn, nt it , m- nmmnnN...- -'-- ' ,T , i- tvum nKji. ta. ji. j.-. -.vw --Hodgkin, VauMeter c: iiensiey jumthe LegislatureTihe closing address of the Institute 7 0?5 p0im'dsWASHINGTON, Marcli 12. Themere appearance of a German submaf lliOlM average NEWS he would get It elsewhere. In... ... t-v. tr Tr ni,n. ' re v wu luiu ii . jitxi iv.c iuiui. " wwas delivered uy ur. n. 11. ujch., cnosi ---- -president of the Western Kentucky ?KuSter & Kiser sold 4.401 pounds would take the matter under consider.Normal ' School at Richmond. The f0r $746.52, average $16.93. ation and would Probably. explain it toproceedings were brought to a close Houston Bros, sold aiou pouiiua tn reauers -ul inn iwo ijKX nteM r wlU. , concert b, the W2M4. average 515 , tad: said that BlHy McClintock -.hldthe matter thor-mere api)caimi;c ul ucnuau u. caturdav night with n concert by tne ww ,c,a'c1 v-f - " "" """" """ Jrine or its periscope in the presence of ,"",; roncert Co of New York. Last sale of the season v. ill be held haye no opposition,an American armed merchant vessel C!iatUarV.r Zn Bintr md.i Wednesday, March 14. , After considering: j.. l wiio renuereu an inwiwuub L, . !i ,f at,.would entitle mat snip, accoruxug u rnpm tn dpiiehted audience of TlIT,nnmTnirvT warphoTISE - obui. we uuv uciUCU w bState Department opinion, to take aii FI.L, !INDBPE?L ,5SHU Clarke's DEMAND, and to say. "that-ME KNOW HWDWANCE SHOWINGOf JohnB. Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffHATSr jERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theircauuoivc aciiuj Vaii uioiaj tu uic uauc, x cawciweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,straw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hats. Some merchantsmay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived.Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable and nobby.Spring ShoesetaetonAre now ready for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan Calf, Vici Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes for men.. ,U"Vr.:;;, . ,,. i V have said anything we are sorryTne lnaepsuueiit " - e are lad of itof 6,060 pounds of tobacco on its floors ir, Q are i,iaa ot itfor an average or $is.'y. vmy tw.crops werersold, as follows:1 Mceiure Cc Jones sold 3,750 poundsfor $705.48, an average of $18.79.Ewalt & Kiser sold i:,2bo poui.us iu:State Department ppinjto takeaii lmndred.nr..Ar. P nTAfuntinn vn TllO TirP.sumption that the U-boat's purpose;was hostile. MR. THOMAS ANNOUNCESUnder this ruling, an American FOR REPRESENTATIVE,armed , merchantman could fire on an , ,German submarine the moment it is In this issue of HE " J,. , , . ...... l. i.r riAnA o nioii.io Thnmae. of near Parts, an-taking aggressive action. nounces to the vote.-s of the coantv his $383.38, an average of $16.92This view is based on Germany's candidacy tor uie ueii. . ..- wAnirHnrqp MON-declared intenUon to sink on sight tlon for Representat. in the I.ria. BOURBON WARBHOISB MONwithin certain zones all vessels, neu- ture from Bourbon -o..nty. iUA1tral as well as belligerent, and wheth- Mr. Tdiomas is perhaps ;s weu-' The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseer passenger vessels, freighters or known to the people of Tan ana Company sold 42,060 pounds of tobaccoftrmtraband-carriers Bourbon county as my man within its for ?6,865.61. for an average of $16.3contraband-carriers. norfI,n.tnrv introduction nBr hnndrsd. The maiket remaine.lST. JOHNSBURG, VT.. March 12. woud be unnecessary. He has repre- steady: Some crop forages follow: j-"If a United States merchant ship sented the county m the Legiaature as 'H'b Sold pol,ntlB'sinks on sight a German submarine. Representative, and again a oiite Grimes sold 2,405 pounds, av-;as 1 hope sne win, saiu Luimei ouiuttui, a .- . erage sn.idIlGhBll kStetson hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesEsnaeod.j.-.x -ttih: Hjt rret of o moot- otro liic HiTlP tn'l attention tO t!ie aii P, Cihrrnc1iirn sold 7.2o0resiaent wimu-xu n. ma oi. mwi. fea. "" ... iuwu . k . - (ing here "Uie next step will be up to duties of tne omce ue uCu poundSf average Jjab.yo.Germany If, however, the submarine signal ability and fidelity. As a farmer' Jones & Pryman sold 3,395 pounds.r.rrAts-'' rreTetoocr ;if ., t. .Mr. Taft, wiho explained the pur- ty citizens, and -vyould MwaS be & B'eagle 80ld 5i035 pound8, avrroses of the League to enforce peace, found fighting for their m cn.s.s. mt. qiid the decks of an American ship Thomas is fully equipped .or the & Perkins sold 2,060 pounds,were a inviolable as American terri- office of Representative and win -ntu average $i6.46tory.W. S. M. TO CONVENE.The sixth annual session of the Wo-upon an active campaign at once.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The March term of the Bourbon Cir-Larue & Mann sold 3,620 pounds, average $16.14.J. W. Darrell sold 2,430 pounds, aver-ocro 51 5 2I Larue & Mann sold 1,545 (pounds, average $15.98Ritchie & Ritchie sold 2,76o pounds,average $15.90.Bryan & Morgan sold 2,16o pounds,average $15.53.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany has decided to hold salesthe remainder -of this week, the lastsale of the season being held on n-men's Missionary Society of the Ken- . court convened yesterday morntucky Conference, Methodist church. . with Judge Robert L. Stout prewill convene at Fort Thomas, Ky., to- sid-ngt and Commonwealth's Attorneyday, Tuesday, March 13, and will con- V;i,lor Bradley at his post,timie in session ' through Thursdav. The Grand Jury, composed of the folThe following from Paris will attend loWing, was impaneled and sworn in.- -t: TVTlUo Cnrfl dflf -, n. -r-..., fnroninn Dr. D. S.the meeting; iia mwin ., jonn uieuuau, w , saie vl tc acaauu u.w0 . - --ate from the local auxiliary; Miss Henry, W. T. Redmon, urantuauoway, dayf March i(j, msteaa or on whmSdith Hancock, delegate from the A. B. Lovell, Jolm Davis, John L. So- day as fonnerly announced. All bujCirls' Socretv- Mrs. H A. Power, pres- per, A1iison Barlow, John Lair, George ers sUn on the Paris market and willSent of the Paris Adult Society; Mrs gf Cnarles J. Lancaster, R. H. Mat- remain until after Saturday.C O. Hinton and Miss Laura Lilies- tox three COUNTIES QUARANTIN-ton, Conference officers, and Mrs. T. Judge Stouts charge to the grand irinnt LIVESTOCK BOARDjury was aiong iue uuc u Pw...0 . mones, cautioning the grand juy to fully , f tl o(RceSUNDAY SCHOOL INSTITUTE. investigate any and all orms of viola Livestock Board at Frank-tions of the law in the city and counts . -nfr in strict quaran.,.i.j ,;nnti'nnai Simdav .:.i, oenoMjil reference to violations tv,i" . " M. . , Un nniiittinierut;mjiA""tt,-v""i wmu coyJ. Flora.The, j TlMirhnn "Rullitt1UB imciuvuv-. iw- r- ,, ln-c tine Uie CUUUHCO ui jjw. - fSchool Institute of the State win r of gaming aniftSr hearing th and Nelson, and prohibiting the moveheld in Millersburg this week begin- The grand jury, j r t ment 0f hqgs into either or any ofning to-day, and continuing through cliarge of ge S. w - ni 'iviifii r n tz vv nn n c&.&..v .-.--- -- .x riiuirt nn.A. large uuuiuci u. - iuums, -.'sgSfaBgagpkiilISiisfhortoc13sCopyright. ,T'!-3,':Co.ARE HERE!ND it's welcome news. We have assembled for Spring display the strongest linesof Clothing forMen and Young Men in Paris. Thisexhibit comprises the newest styles and patterns foryoung men and men who like young style. A bigvariety to pick from; many new styles, many newpatterns and color tones. Belt and Pinch Backs arestrong favorites, coming in new weaves and patterns. Leading makers are back of our clothes, andthey are right in style, quality fit and workmanship.Our values are as good to-day as ever before, as weask no advance in prices.$12.50 to $30.00slaughter. This ac-niiirsfiRV. .ft. lttiBc iiuuxw-- w w.w. , unn immAfiiateronton to attend-the meetings tion, Jiey adjourned untu uu nuiu- Board" rM. j . a'aiaiit ivawaa" - -Rev. Geo. A. Joplin, of I.ouisville, Sec ing at nine o'clock.retary of the Kentucky Sunday &cnoo1,011 intpnslye hog cholera controlwnrir locking to the eradication ofretary of the Kentucky bunaayouu. JURORS work looking to the eradication 01AssociaUon, and Mr. TJiomas B Tal- BOURBON MEN juedRA COURT.'hog choiera has been started in theseUtt, of Lexington, formerly of Pans. counties.Sunday School Missionary ot tne r, rnnhran of Maysville. conven- The quarantine order will afiect an.. p -Tact T.pvincrton. wiu uc ouub - 7 - ... ., ,among the speakers.-N. M. TOWN MOTHERS' CLUB.. ' , . ' .. x- i. -,TrV.;ii iirir rrlinleraone. Among the men summimeu " ----- -- -The Mothers' Club of North Mid- jury service were P. Hopki ns and bmte ano -; nv examined byaietown met in regular session Tues- E. P. Weathers, of Bourbon, on the. Hog mcn count livestockSaf afternoon, and elected the follow- gnd Jury; Lawrence Hort-, Fward fJXt0i orlgtaand founding officers: Mrs. Magnus Rash. Pnchard, A. J. Fee, J. rrank Clay and map infection of hoppresident; Mrs. L. D. Mitchell, vice- W. J. Calvert, of Bourbon, on the petn rllld eosnve thereto may bepresident; Mrs. J. W. Jon ..sec xeu jury, npHnns.at.law to be trieidilpped into the three counties for anyThe uiud ib wj"Ub """5, "T, A T--f aro two nf n Tmrnn;e. Dr. H. M. Hamilton, uountyKindergarten in tne neiuuo. - ;-"-" '7':;;-V tw for Bourbonrnimtv. la in charge of the situation intneSPRING HATSrv-treasurerDlans fir openingplans tor opening - o Tunig & Norwood.Class. Twelve " rerry fands. D D. Ollne vs. J. IL Batterton; D.jjolntod to tZtUuL Cline vs. Power Grocery Co., allThe Club will produce 10m mu BourboI1 COUnty. ,-Vfddine" abot APril lothis county, and will see thatquarantine is rigidly enforced.You will like the hats you will find here. Every hat is alive with style andquality and your good taste can rely on any one of them. We have the new lightweights in the newest shapes and colors that Fashion dictates. You'll be proud of"A WALSH HAT" after wearing one.Knox $3 to $5 Crofutt & Knapp $3.50 Stetson $3.50-$4.50 $2 HatsR. PALSHMain and SeventhONE PRICE STOREParis, KeitickyinHi IH 1I' I 1.1t iI i!tEAGE TWOThe Bourbon NewsUtabliihed 188135 Year of Continuous Publication.& bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.fc e Year 52.00 Six Months. .51.00Payable in Advance.8WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, i.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky. !ume luaL UB-""Ub arB seams ms If your litUe one is out-of-sort, half- section of Kentucky will tend to crePostoffice as Mail Matter of the . common. sjck jsnt resting, eating and acting ate the belief that the wheat crop inSecond Class.)Ami- .iOT.,n-.Aiir. anH .. 4-U.v V f- rV- lue,SSSn8"!?. rJSSS'wMnhnj iJerhou, urm or corporation wuiciiKlJB TUU llli:jjjuunuuix iii o wu u giauiy curreeled if broughtto attention of the4editor.ADVERTISING RTESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchaartVi ciihcnnnonf irierT"HrnReading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl-datec, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per lineSpecial rates for large advertise-ments and yearly contractsThe right of publisher is reservedto. decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.mmANNOUNCEMENT.iitable societies have to be discriminat-We are authorized to announce the ing, though. The deserter may begood Democrats below as candidiates merely over in some other town, faithsi the Democratic primary on August fullv and industriously sending homif JL3K, to mi tue unices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK.Vfiiih. Doc Marshall and Bob GilUcy s.s .deputies.L. A. SOPER.Clarke and L.as deputies.WUh D. C.C. AshcraftFOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.'COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,FfOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.tFOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,;Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPSAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock, at Deputy.FORJAMES H.MAYORMORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELLERNEST MARTINEDITORIAL MUSINGS.. , T iThe Income Tax Payers.March first for most of us is a date 'witfii no SDecial sicnificanpp. rvp as !the traditional beginning of spring.Tor those with sizable incomes, it isthe date when returns must be filedwith, the collector. The income-taxpayers should smile cheerfully. They jare exceptionally blessed. Neverthe-less most of them show signs of irri-,tation at the law's complexities, andcomplain that their neighbors arei i r -A i;iHjmmuiiiv e.empi irom lis exactions.rt ,. i. y i.m ijl wuise me ia.w sun iias eccen-,tricities. When a man buys a bond for$1,000 and sells for 1,100, he is taxedfor his profit. When he buy for $1,000and sells for $900, he can't deduct hisloss. Says Uncle Sam, "Heads I win,tails vou lose."TJie proceeds underbeen lower than was-expected. It raised"whether fair returns are being made. I Repeated reports have it tnat senTax laws have been evaded from ous damage has been done to thetime immemorial. It is not likelv wheat crop in the county as athat the new statute created more result of the recent alternate severeliocesty than previously existed, feezes, zero weather and tftiaws. an.lMany of the State laws have been at times when there was not sufficientTnade or enforced on the theory tliat snow on the ground to protect thetalsehoods would be told anyway. If .wheat. There is an increased acreagepeople were assessed about five times in the county this year and the farm& fair amount, it was in effect figured.! ers are depending on about the samethat they would lie out of the surplus, j Prices as were paid shortly after thego that the result would be fair. Such; bulk of tjhe crop was sold last year,inequities have created a feeling that! There appears to be plenty of feedthese fibs are in a different class j yet in the countv. but it is high, esfrom others socially corn, which has brought asTtie income tax payer will feel bet- High as 56.80 per barrel in the cribter to lav his cards down on the table Hay has been selling from $16 to $20d pav'acordinglv. There ought to er ton. The lambing season is onbTa new view-int about taxes. It I8 ,id formers Have reported consider,!L for a gentleman's argument be- uble in --g then. Much at.n fho law-makinc Dower and thepropertyn,,mnf A tov cVirmlfl hP UUtJlUl. - l-"-. ut.viv w -debt ol honor.Legislatures and Con -gress should make a more serious effort to have taxes equable. It is no1"ffioient3ustincation for a law that itis a good revenue producer. If It isfundamentally wrong, it creates habitsof dishonestey that in. the long runcosts high.Desertion of Families.Charitable societies are reporting alarge number of cases of abandonmentof families the past winter. In somecases women are left destitute by reservists who went back to Europe tofight But it has been noted for some.; j. . J 4- ...latme societies make uie curious state-The socment that these cases are most fre-1. -1.1 1 1 1liuem tnuner in ery aaru or veiy guoutimeS- ?!the f,rm?r the,lmsban?s be'come disheartened and simply liedown under tlthe load. It's cowardly,but some men a.re buiIt that way In&00d times men get distant jobs uu-known to their families. They maylong have wanted to duck the yokefor a fresh start.TMi - rr Yl'ltr Vrto1."D o nlxn iiuui nittii nw uicu-ivo v jiiomge m ib peniapb iiiuuencuu uy tue1?ose family relations of the presenttime- He reads about the sociallyelect in the divorce colonies, andthinks he has even better justification,That is, of course, no excuse. The divorcee at least gets her alimony, sup-nnPf1 to hpnl nl, iVnllmls. thniitrh often,, - , ait doesn't. But if marriage were morethoroughly respected in high life, thei influence would be felt in all socialstrata.. Family abandonment nowadays is a tgee that it is made by the "Californiaj prominent cause of poverty. ManyiFic. cvrun comnanv."poor women will go hungry ratherthan admit that they were toolsenoucht to marry a sneak. Char-bis pay envelope regularly. Meanwhilehis thrifty wife may be drawing supplies regularly from the municipalityand the societies as a pathetic grasswidow.The lot of the genuine abandonedwife grows more and more pitifulThe costs of supporting herself andlittle ones multiply. Eut t:he pay ofwasherwomen keeps about stationaryPolice authorities shoud reachoutU1C long arm uiiremituii5i.' .. . :u: 1.. r. 1,.w..-vI sneaks and sharks, and make them realize that there is a God in Israel.CONFIRMED TESTIMONYThe KindParis ReadersDoubt.CannotDoan's Kidney Pills have stood thetost.The test of time -iha haidosi testof all.Thousands gratefully iestirv.To quick relief to i'ts'.insj le.ilts.Paris readers can no lunger doubtthe eveidence.It's convincing tostr.:ouy tuici-told and well oonh" v d.Paris readers should profit bv theoexperience:.Mrs. J. T. Martin, lV2i Main street,Paris says "Kidne fouble came on!f ' foil nmi rii ."rolni-"- vri'i. -vrvirom a lan ana uii-dm , i . ijsevere, causing me 7w su.icr.ncthan the fall itself. No one can ever,,know what I went through at that ,,time for I suffered awfully. My bad", ached and pained until I thought it1' would break in two. Sharp twingesUhot through mv kidnevs and if some-"i , . p -vn t1 hqpk y.:tu ,j one had nit me in uie mck i .nea axe, i ouiun l i-uvo muu u..difference. In one week atter using, Doan's Kidney Pills. I felt like a dif-ferent woman, for they greatly bene-fited me." (Statement give FebruaryIT,1908.)RESULTS THAT REMAIN.On November 9. 1016. Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Piils have madea cure for me and it has been permanent." Price 50c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply agk fQr a wdney remedy-getDoan's Kidnev Pills tihe same thatMrs. Martin has twice publicly recom'mended. Foster-Milbum,Co., Props,(adv)Buffalo, N. Y.BOURBONFARMING CONDITIONS.Continued bad weather has been themeans of retarding farm work in thiscounty, and as a result the farmers.have had very litae cnance ujp,uL.i,:.. orinn- wrt X? f nrws rrlprl . It hasIt lias.,"" '""t """ . .Koir o t'avi' linrrl wmtor nn tlie acn-1u--"- " -.' - --- -J culturists, their slock, and crops.'Old-timers say that not in many yearshas there been so severe a winter,.This set-back Avill require extra labor'on the farm. Labor has been very difflruU to procure, and that in s,oite ofthe law have1 the fact that farmers 3iave been offergenerally ex" ing the highest wages ever known forthe question this kind of labor.wnuou ia umB w - 'this time of the year, in order to save, lill iotn tne ewe anu uus m.uuAn Illinois inventor has built a lifesize liuman figure of steel that drawsa miniature wagon and) is having onp1-nilt that will be nine feet tall andcorrespondingly powerful.THE BOURBOIJL' ,..., i TyMOTHER! YOUR CHILDIS CROSS, FEVERISH,FROM CONSTIPATION.If Tongue Is Coated, BreathStomach Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.Give "California Syrup of Figs" at'one a teaspconful to-day often saves!a sick chil(1 to-morrow.i'naturally look, mother! see if tongueis coated. This is a sure sign that itsSien that itsv..v v.. ....,-, v- iiiwtl, J ulittle st0mach, liver and bowels areclogged with waste. When cross, irri-table, feverish, stomach sour, breathhad cr has stomach-ache, diarrheoasore throat, full of cold, give a tea-sp00Ilfui of "California Syrup of Figs,"nii in n fpAV hours all the constiDatedp0jS011f undigested food and sour bilegently moves -out of its little bowels-..-. . mW1ti10ut gn.pmg, and you nave a wen.piayfui child again.Mothers can rest easy alter giving injured by the February storms. Itthis harmless "fruit laxative," be- seems probable that wheat was killedcause it never fails to cleanse the lit- in a comparatively narrow belt betle one's liver and bowels and sweeten tween the latitude of early and lastingthe stomach, and they dearly love its snows and the latitude of weathernleasant taste. Full direction lor Da,..- o.m.i ' r nne ,i r.-.U1US, UILUUICU JL ail clfcco uuu wigrown.ups printed on each bottleBeware of counterfeit iig syrups.Ask your druggist-for a fifty-cent bot-tie of "California Syrup of Figs;" then(adv)HUTCHISON.Miss L. D., Pryor visited friendshere last week.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Smith visitedin Lexington this week.Mr. A. Smedley, of Millersburg. isvisiting friends n the neighborhood.Mr. Brown and family, of Fayettecounty, have rented the Austin homeMr. B. B. Dorsey was m vexing'ton. Saturday as the guest of friends.j, -.Mrs. ueorge .mcouy ana cuuurenI----. --. 1 At 1-"-r"'. .",""" ."?;." f-ir- t.1 icilnil lrrn!5 in l.P.VinfTLnn LUIS WKliiv.ir line innn riiniiirun . ii . .iiiiiiiWiggins, of Hutchison, will succeed1 Mr. Victor Snell as postmaster ot jHutchison.Miss Ella Buchanan visited heraunt. Mrs. Robert Stipp, at Clintonville, last week.Mr. Willis Jacoby is at home fromDayton, Ohio, for a visit to his parenfs, Mr. and Mrs. George Jacoby.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Rice, ot Lexington, have rented the Jacoby cottage. and will move to it this week.Air RiiRsp.il Stevens visitea nu'sister, Mrs. Joseph Jacoby, for thei week-end at her home on the Paris &I Lexington pike.j Mr. Victor Snell has moved to hisfarm on the Peacock pike, leaving MrjClaybrook Jacoby in charge of the.postoflice and store.Mr. Austin anddaughter. MissRuth Austin, have moved irom mei-jhome on the Lexington and Parisjpike, to tiheir new home in Lexington,,,'NOTICE TO CANDIDATES."Corrupt Practice Act," adopt -the Kentucy Legislature of- ,nip. Vpnuirps each candidate for officeto f,ie a SWorn statement in writing. 'General at the age of 42. He retiredsetting forth in detail all sums ot nine years later to devote his time tonionev contributed and spent in en- the study of aeronautics. Zeppelindeavors to secure the nomination, made this first balloon isnonsion inThis statement must be filed 15 days the U. S. during the Civil War and. - the election. Blank forms for, his interest in aeronautics dated from.. statement, showing everydet?n an(J making tlie work easy, arefop sale at THE BOURBON NEWSoffice at ?1.50 each. (0-tf)Religious Statistics of Japan.According to statistics furnished bysi Tokio news suroncy as official, thereare 13,000,000 Shintoists, 30,000,000Buddhists and 104,000 unnsuansmJapan, -which leaves some 20,000,000 .with no profession of faith or other- tu-fsp nnnccouiitcti for. The returns ,also show :ne liinto priest to every200 adherents, but only one place ofworship to 10,000. The Buddhists haveone place of worship to 400 and onepriest to 250. The Christians have oneplace of worship to 120 and one priestto seventy-live. East and West Nrws.PECULIAR AFFLICTIONOF PARIS GIRL.I ne tne most peculiar cases'nf r1icriflo-afl rtliol norimc tliof linoIf ,l,-snrrlprof1 m.lfpnl nprvpc tlinf line"w-,,, ,,,!,. ', v.r.nWrf: ne in,iphysicians, was noted recently by aParis optician. The afflicted one isa pupil in the Paris High School, afourteen-year-old girl, named Josephine English, daughter, of John English, of this city.The girl's vision is just exactlythe opposite to that of the ordinaryperson, and was discovered by herteacher when examining a lessonwriting written by the child.In jwriting iier name or the words of alesson, the child begins at the rightside of the sheet and writes towardthe left, however commencing withthe first letter of each word. For example, in writing her name or a number of words in a lesson it appearsas follows:.hsilgnE enihpesoJ.yawS.yaM.yas.yatSTo read the writing rapidly onemust hold it in front of a mirror. Thegirl writes a fairly good and legiblehand, and is as bright otherwise asthe average school child of her yearsA raris ""- a L"c iiuwamy i:aused by the distortion of the opticnerves in that they do not properlycross each other in the line of visionbetween the eye and the brain, andthat so far as he knows there is onlyone other case mentioned in the med-'ical records.NEWS,. PARIS, KY.,- i r i iiKBLIZZARD "BURNED" WHEAT.Kentucky . wheat fields which look'as if the plants, after having madeBad, good growth, had been scalded or burned, attest the unexpected severity oria February blizzard whiqh was marked by little snow in proportion to thewind and low temnorahirfiThe statements of Western Ken-tnrlrv i'nrmp.rsj nnrt nhsorviitinn in thiww...7 " w. w, -- wl . U.I..UU ill. 1.1W.Jthis SLite will he extremelv short thinvoar Tf Mio "hiirnincr" nf wlinof W ngale wilih a temperature around zerois general-and the storm was genera-the price of wheat will be affected'serioiislv. but it should not he for-ro. Iten that a great part of the wheatarea in the United States is in lati-fnrio in winVh nn oriv foil nf endwhich never is melted away entirely.'protects wheat from Jiard stones andlow temperature until spring. Gauada and the northern States were notless severe than that which Kentuckyexperiences, and in Kentucky it waskilled chiefly in well exposed placessuch as western slopes,i The blizzard probably will not af-i feet the price of wheat. Forty yearsor so ago Ohio valley farmers fan-cied that an August rise of the riverwhich killed the corn would createsomething like famine. It did nofraise corn prices at all, in the generalmarket.RANK FOOLISHNESS.You occasionally see it stated thacolds do not result from cold weather.i Thisis rank foolishness. Were itI true colds would be as prevalent inmidsummer as in midwinter. Themicrobe that causes colds flourishes,in flnmn rtrtlrl nnnf linr T'r crrtf i1 1of a cold take Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is effectual and is highlyrecommended by people who have, ,.,.. :.. ..- ......., ., - .,mreu. aim iviuw its reui v;uuu. vjn-tninnliln nvorvwhornvt.....w --.- -.--.-'FAMOUS COUNT ZIPPELINDIES IN GERMANYLONDON, March 12. Count von( Zeppelin, the inventor, died Thursdayi morning at Charlottenburg. near Berlin, from a lung affection. The decea?ed celebrated his seventy-eighth birth-jday a Stuttgart in July. At that timeIjj10 was convalescing from an attack ofbronchitis. He received thousands ofcongratulatory messages from allparts of the German Empire and fromthe Emperors of Germany and Austriaand the Sultan of Turkey. He servedwith the union forces in the United JStates during the Civil War. He subsequently became a balloon enthusiast.nII. j ,vas nof unHi he was 70 vearsof age tjia jie became famous as the)Uii,jer 0 the world's first practical.dirigible balloon. Before he became- -famous he spent all his personal for-tune, amounting to nearly a millionI dollars, in air experiments. The Coum'was born in Constance, Baden. If--fought in the Austro-Prusian aiviFranco-Prussian Wars and was made athe time of Miis incident. He was arrruagLrr..- vmu i-iujJft6 fe.i Jrmammtmm- ..... -1 1fMNMmP'BI I IK sf V P-few ' 4'nRoyal Baking Powder makes it possible to produce appetizing" and wholesome cakes, muffins,cornbread, etc., with fewer eggs than are usuallyrequired.In many recipes the number of eggs may be reduced and excellent results obtained by addingan additional quantity of Royal Baking Powder,about a teaspoon, for each egg omitted. Thefollowing tested recipe is a practical illustration:1 cup sugarIs cup water3 eggs ,2 teaspoons Royal Balrinj Powder1 cup flour1 teaspoon saltJ6 cup cold waer1 teaspoon flavoringThe old method called lor 6 eggsand no baking powderROYALBAKING POWDERMade from Cream of Tartar, derived from grapes,adds none but healthful qualities to the food.No Alumman of tender heart and his friendssay that he frequently regretted thpuse made of his invention for the; destruction of human life. The Kaiser'j1"-"" XT " . , BIfcm . tllc xCxicicuu oCuluo.WHEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSWhen you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relish for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)HAD PENCHANT FORROBBINGCHURCHES.NASHVILLE. TENN.. March 12.Church robberies that have mvstified-Nashville police for a week werecleared up recently by the confes-sion of John Lightsinger, a tailor,tnat lie was tne robber, tie said tnatduring the week he had robbed eightchurches.Among his booty was a ipiano, andafter he had sold it tu a negro he hadto walk back two miles to the churchand steal the piano stool, because thenegro insisted it was part of the bar-gain.He stole the baptism suit of Rev. C.L. Skinner twice, taking it the secondtime atter its owner had recovered itfrom a pawnshop.He SmilesvhenofcupSTANTThis wholesomecheers without demanding theafter-price of nervous reaction,because it contains none ofthe harmful elements of teacoffee.rivyk c o l-ff roA "t"1 V O O, A'VC&OVFaiLSold by Grocers.m rrTUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1917.EggsSPONGE CAKEDIRECTIONS: Boll sugar and wateruntil syrup spins a thread and add to thastiffly beaten whites of eggs, beating untilthe mixture i3 cold. Silt together threatimes the flour, salt and bamg powder;beat yolks of eggs until thick; add a littleat a time flo r mixture and egg yolksalternately to white nf egg mixture, stirring after each adciti.. Add J- cup coldwater am flavoring. Aiix lightly andt'j in moderate oven one hour.No PhosphateMEXICO-GERMAN WIRELESSi PART OF TEUTANIC PLOT.WASHINGTON, March 12. Information has reached the Government-from a semi-oflicial source that through,the perfection of a powerful wireless'telegraph plant in Mexico City, directcommunication between the Mexicancapital and Germany has been estab-lished.I Oflicials realize that if confirmed thisnews is of great importance, and aninvestigation has been ordered.'Through connection by Mexico withthe land telegraphs leading into theUnited States, Germany would beable to obtain complete exemptionfrom tile censorship which now is imposed upon its communications by theAmerican Government at the wirelessstations at Sayville and Tuckerton,and by the British and French Governments in their control of the Atlanticcables.Far-reachine possibilities thus wouldbe opened for the violation of Amer-ican neutrality or even the menacinirof the national safetv in the criticalsituation existing. Sea raiders andsubmarines might be directed, and lullinformation concerning the departureot snips rrom American ports furnlsn-ed. German agents in this countrmight keep in close touch with Berlin,and incase of war even more seriousresults might follow.From other semi-official sources in-formation has reached Washingtonthat secret meetings are being held byGermans in Vera Cruz and, in Monte-rey to determine upon uniform actionby Germans in Mexico in the event ofan outbreak of war between the United States and Germany.CQhe sees adeliciousfood-drinkoriraWant postumns i s j wtIIkT1i :frt.-TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGETHKBVIBIRD ACT STILL IN FORCE.The United States Department ofAgriculture has received inquiriesfrom sportsmen in various parts of theUnited States as to the effect of theratification of the treaty between thoUnited States and Great Britain invCerence to migratory birds upon thestigrabory-bird act of 1913 and theregulation issued thereunder. In respones the department has made thefollowing public announcement : Inthe opinion of the departnieuifithe migratory-birdact and regulations arestill in force; also these will continuein operation, and the department regards it as its duty to enforce them,pending the enactmenLby Congress ofnew legislation for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the treaty.LEAVE WELL PERSONS ALONEPhysicians of Opinion That It DoesMore Harm Than Good to Set Upa Cause for Worry.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our' People Here, There andElsewhere.Tho niwctlnn wlinti.ar fn Bi.i.i I " oaine reau.y, Ol LUIS uiy, IS-.. ? , "uio "'"" in Florida, as a guest of friends fortreat sick men or well men rent the several weeks.serenity of the New York Academy of Miss Belle Horton .has returnedMedicine, says the New York Times, fiom a visit to friends and relatives inThe debate started over a discussion Chicago, Shelbyville, Ind., and Mays-n.S to how to doctor un Amnrlc'ins st .VllleYOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.Dr. King's New Life Pills will remove the accumulated -wastes of winter from your intestines, the burdenof the blood. Get that sluggish springleeling out of your system, brightenyour eye, clear your complexion. Get"that vim and snap of good purifiedhealthy blood. Dr. King's New LifePills are a non-griping laxative thai,aids nature's process. Try them tonight At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)Real Chinese Dragon.That dragon monster of a Inch theChinese are so fond did actually exist,according to a Shanghai correspondentcf the London Times. It is knownthat reptiles existed, very siuiihi. tothe favorite pictured dragons, andthere is reason to believe that somemeasured as long as :0 feet.as to make this the most efficient ofnations. The doctors were no nearer asolution of the problem when they adjourned than when the discussion began. After a prolonged discussion of theproper remedies for the presence ofinefficient persons in the community,in which it was prophesied tlmt theday was coming when it would befashionable to be examined, physicallyand mentally, every now and then,Doctor Meltzer said : "That will onlymake people sicker to examine them.Do you know why a dog doesn't die?I'll tell you a dog never knows whyhe is living and that he is going toMiss Margaret Parker has returned to her home in Lexington, alter avisit to Mrs. Thos. A. McLaughlin, onHigh street.Mrs. Edward Rose and Miss EthelRose, of near Paris, will leave for anextended stay in Florida about the lastof this month.Mr. M. C. Sweeney, of this city,was in Lexington, Friday, to attendthe funeral of his sister-in-law, Mrs.Mary Sweeney.Mrs. Luther Rice, Mrs. Frank P.Kiser and Miss Corinne Collins havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.I. L. Smith, in Pensacola, Fla. .Walter D. Champ, little son of Mr.and Mrs. Harry L. Champ, or nearParis, underwent a successful operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital.11- . .. . !. .1 t 1 . Jl i- 1- -uie; aner neb ueau, ne uoesui uw, th,g dt las(. week for aden0ida.it; therefore a dog never dies. Peo- Tne littie fellow is getting along verypie go on for years living orderly lives nicely,until somebody, maybe an insurance j Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrish.doctor, tells them they have something wjho underwent a very serious operathe matter with them. and. thence-Stion at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Ley-forth, until they reach their grave,For Rent.House of 5 rooms on Lilleston avenue. Electric Lights, Gas, Watei,Bath, Garden Spot, Concrete CellarApply to undersigned.MRS. R. M. HARRIS.Home phone 82. Paris, Ky.(9.-3t)iugton, last Thursday, performed byT.kk Tin .",. onfl f,nrr nf 7 .aVintrtniithey are sick Let the physician treat . M WIU, of Paris; is imthe sick and let the well alone. It is 'provjngtime more was done for the sick man. I Among those from Paris who atThe doctor's job is with the sick man." tended the performance of Otis SkinWHITE HOUSE DINNER IN 1802President Jefferson's Fare Is Described in an Interesting Mannerby Guest at His Table.Manesseh Cutler, the founder of theOhio colony, and father of the ordinance of 17S7, kept a diary all throughhis public life and it is now in thener, m Mister Antonio at tne -LexingtonODera House, were Mr. andMrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Mr. and Mrs.Oscar Hinton, Mr. and Mrs. John J..Williams, Mrs. Wade II. Wbitley, MissJ Nancy Griffith, Mrs. Katherine Davis' Oraig and guest, Miss Hemdon, of.Georgetown, Mr. T"ddy Shannon.I Mr. and Mrs. John J. McClintockhave returned from an extended visitto friends and relatives in Dallas,Sherman, McKinney, and other Texascities. Mr. McClintock has benefitedLost Dog RewardBetween my house on the Clintonville pike and Paris, a large yellowShepherd dog, with white neck ancblack and white feet, black streak between shoulders. Answers to name of"Quincy." A liberal rewaid will bepaid for information leading to his recovery.ED, TURNER, Paris. Ky.(9-3t) Phones, Cumb. 403; Home, 260for rent:possession jf Charles G. Dawes. It greatly by his stay in the Lone Starcontains an account of a dinner at the State, but says Kentucky is still theviijt wnncn cru-,n Uv iroiiifnr jif- greatest place in the United States.fenn vai.rnnrir ( i ftfto to wiitnii Mr iTliey received a veryCutler and six members of the housewere Invited.WilliamTellFLOURThere ttc are, Daisy, right out of the oven IDoesn't it smell good? And won't it tastegood when you and father and the boys geta chance? at it?"It's better for all of us than meat, and it's'lots cheaper and I'll bake all that youcan eat."William Tell Flour certainly takes theache out of bake and puts the flavor in theup, rounu 01 oeei, turney, iuul- uue ul mc c.tma w. ....v- -.tu, loin of veal, cutlets of mut- eek, was the St. Patrick's Day partyve-il fried eirirs fried beef a iven D' Mrs- Charles W. Heck, fora very warm welcome from friends and neighbors or.their return. While away they sawand read THE NEWS regularly, andMr. Cutler, according to the Colum- said it was even better than getting abus Dispatch, wrote that there was letter from home every week,"rice soun. round of beef, turkey, mut-1 One of the events of the pasttoil, ham. , c .bb:'. , Z the members of the Coterie Club, atpie called macaroni which appears to he mebe a rich crust filled with strilhons of y hite was the color scheme, the roomsonions or shallots, which I took It to uejng decorated with asparagus fernsbe; tasted very strong and not agree- an(j cut flowers. Auction Bridge wasable. played, the highest score being madeMr. Lewis told me there was none by 'Mrs. Edward Burke, who wasin it ; it was an Italian dish and what awarded first prize. At the conclusionappeared like onions was made of flour of the games luncheon was served .inin I butter with a narticularlv strou- ihe dining room, the guests being seatand butter wth a particulars strou0 rQund wWch was encn.liquor mixed with them; ice cream, IOf1 wlMl n hnnil nf rRn satm ribbon.Three unfurnished rooms;at No. 73uj very good; crust wholly dried, crum- tne centcr oC tiie table was a largealker avenue. Hot and pld water j j.j into thin flakeSt a dish somewhat s'jfver owl of white narcisses, and theWalkerand otherPbane 339.conveniences.Call Home(jan30-tf)NOTICEEffective from date of Feb. 24, 1917,persons, mechanics, trades people,merchants, etc, are notified not toharge to my account or extend creditin my name except a written orderfrom the undersigned, authorizes tnecomo Tbi? notice forbidding unau-hke nuddinL'. inside white as milk or jnhts were horn creen tapers in silveicurd, very porous and light, covered candle holders tied with green tullewith cream sauce, very fine. bows. The covers were marked wiUi"Manv other jira-cracks, a great va- small green flags, the ices pud candiesrietv or fruit; plenty of wines and of the same color. wfoaBaood. Present socia.. We d .'-hUtu.'e SSSSSn?tea- at her home on Walker Avenue.i (Other Personals on Page 5)il. A A. lDaisy MKkBaker's HHmMother KmSr.cx. 5v -. iii MMsssssssssssswl'''r' i iDaisyBakerFor Sale by All Leading Dealers,PURCHASES OIL INTERESTSJust Enough.Mandy, who was a housemaid and PENNY lunwim t-ufMnio onv-"-i- ' -".. -HOUSTON, TEXAS, March 12. TheSinclair Gulf Corporation, headed by fHarry J. Sinclair, has taken over thocontrol of the E. F. Simms interest inOklahoma. Texas and Mexico, includeL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(feby27-tf)i.i.. .v- ntiviwl 1irt rt liiiriTi fr 1iit1uiiL- moraine and her mistress inquired .. ,...,. , , P!lri fnr!inB holdings in the Goose Creek fleluttorized credit applies equally to ;,lll :iS to the cuuse of deiay. """-"" Te ek" at the noon I"?' "rK8 ."..L0.?"?." JTS..n fnr loVinr TTinterlalS. reiiailS. I it ,. "ri.t. m...-, :,w1.H T !cl r .. -i ii--.U -Vtin.t1 UC1 ,-Ml v.uiiiju.i, "tin i- u.b ..Rto . KuiDlies to tenants of my prop-, -i , miru 'Arties, or to any person, except upon ...., ,,. ,. Bnilo-'n wimr t u r ,,. uoaith wpifarp. Leaeue. inwTitten order signed as beloNv. x beeQ )y Varden bulldin& oll Main street.' " . . . . ,., tt t. v.tiriT.o,i nr tho Hans niuiicthe S stern of the mysterious xeu at nere uie umiCu . 7lmathe Cullid Odd Fellers' hall right up ?? 'Snt T Tenthe street. They started in danciu' e .en J faas nand carryin' on last night and they's Jy in every Way.sUll In full swing. You never seen so The plan was started on January iymany folks packed in one little hall in by Mrs Minaker, and was designedall yore bawu days ; and right now, ef principally to provide hot lunches forvou'Il poke yore haid outen yore side the children who otherwise wouldwinder vou kin hear them folks whoop- have none. It has become so very, ,.,, ...i v- 4.. i.e. TMiinr that its Drovisions have beenin' anu mugnin, uuu neat mc Vl- -k-- - - - - . . .hftr fthildren.laKcu autiiuuiac vi. j - -Notice To the Public!I -will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known InParis for horse hides, beef hides,beep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Eags and Paper. I -will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phono 374. Office on"Eighth, Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.i& oxr, .ui uaiu, muccu .... hourj is tlie omce 0I -irs. nunici. '-, ;n thfi Tamnico oil fields, its restated Mandy. "But I jest mitcheliy aker Visiting Nurse of the Bouruon Orleans and its fleer!of tankers, Mr. Sinclair announcedrtcently. The monetary consideration was $20,000,000.Mr. Sinclair also confirmed reportsthat he will build a pipe line fromthe mid-continent field to the Gulfand establish a refinery on the Guifto handle Oklahoma, Texas and Mexican and Costa Rican crude oil."LOST.tra playlnVwho have been going there for theAiredale dog; black body and yellow points; has scar on back acrossloins; answers to name of Bill. Keward will be paid for his return tome, or for information leading to hisrecovery. y MURPHY.Paris, Ky.SALESMEN!"Wasn't It rather tumultuous, Man- ."r;. .. tw as much as anydy?" asked the lady of the house. . 'elge The luncb is furnished"Oh, norae!" said Mandy. 'Hit fiee tQ thg children who cannot affordwuzn't a bit too mulchous jest about to pay for itf while there is a graduatmulchous enough !" Saturday Evening ed scaie ranging to a few pennies forPost. those who can afford it.t The menu is varied every day, butEverything served is of a wholesome,Grimy Heroes. 'health-building nature, comprising"I can recall no story that would lie soups sandwiches, etc., and to say theas Interesting or appealing as that of a children have been enjoying it is tostoker on a battleship," said George B. rut it very mildly, indeed. The estao-Ward. "Just think of those grimy Hshment of the service was maui-. ,.,, -v :ui n,wMicrii tbp generosity ot aheroes, who sweat ana gnna ov it.-t.-L pobbiuic Uib - -:. ohildrennnder'the water, without the sight of fzTl JttSZanything except roaring fires. Thej ho rean e nourishment andnever know when the enemy is near ,awelcome these hot lunches wouldand is ready to send a torpedo through tQ them after tjie confinement ini. ciinc nf tho shin. Thev never know. ,. -rnm It is a certainty! until the report of the explosion comes, that the pian will be carried out againwhen a mine has been hit by the ven- nf.xt year, and it is possiuie uiacturing man-of-war. may be carried rurtUeV Tt would"Much praise has been lavished upon part of the school system. It wouiathe gunners, the captains ana tne nu- nut " - "mirals, but little has ever come to thestokers and others who slave and grindHOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to attacks of croup, see to it that he eats:i light evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attackAlso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'Cough Remedy as soon as the chlkbecomes hoarse. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)GERMANS RELEASE AMERICANPRISONERS HELD THERE.a you want to sell something thateverybody needs? Something thatIvSybody is familiar with? SomeSdng that everybody wears? ThenSl to THE FINEBRAND RAlfcCOAT COMPANY; HIPPODROMEBLDG. CLEVELAND, O., and receiveWe DftV oommisBiuix uparticulars,aivance.(2-3t)LONDON, March 12. The Yarrowdale prisoners have been releasedThe Spanish, American and Brazilians!held were sent from the prisoners'camp at Brandenburg to Switzerlandby way of Linden on Wednesday afternoon, according to a Berlin dispatchto Reuters by way oi Amsterdam.Members of other neutral crewsmay be carried further, and made a iwere sent home through various fronDEAFNESS' CANNOT BE CUREDout their very lives that the battleship applications, as tftey cannotmay proceed with all dispatch upon its f .. 0 XiRPseA Tortion of the earmay proceedhazardous course.(Ala.) Age-Herald.Birmingham There is onjv one way to cure dear--h thkt is bv constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by anUnflnTnpd condition of the mucous lib-: r Vix TTinctachiai. -.-... -r-v. -r i- 1UU. UL .. 1Though wiuiam ue iuorguu roie -r t h is inflamed youWhen Novels Were Really Long.tier towns. The dispatch says that theprisoners were released on the expiration of the quarantine imposed by thediscovery of a case of spotted fever.Piano Tuning!Since the death of my father, Mr.J R. Hanna, well and favorably knownover Paris and Bourbon County for, ovturt niano-tuner, I havesucceeded him in business, and willcontinue his work. I have been associated with him since childhood, andI know what to do.Will be in Paris twice a week. 1am factory representative for the Lester Piano. Call or write,ter run 0SCAR F. HANNA.485 West Sixth St,(2mar-tf) "Lto,Ky.some of the longest novels of recent rumDling SOund or imperfect hearing,times, his efforts were conciseness it- anQ wnen it is entirely closed, deafself compared with the works of some ness iS the result, and unless the niof the seventeenth century romances, fiammation can be taken out ana inisMile. De Scudery's once famous story, tube restored to ite, t"rever;"Le Grand Cyrus," for Instance, fills hearing will be teojetorerfive folio volumes of 500 pages each nine cases out of ten are causedin the English translation; and her ftVcontemporary, La Calprenede, was IlaeQ coumiaeven more diffuse, his "Cleopatre" run- ia iU gye 0ne Hundred Dollarsnlng Into 23 volumes. The leisurely toT any ce Gf Deafness (caused bymethods of the early novelists is well catarrh) that cannot be cured bSUlustrated in "Parthenissa," by Roger Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circuBoyle, earl of Orrery, in which the lars, free. nUT?1snrv & CO .eight hundredth page finds the two F. J. CHENEY .chief character still engaged in the , .ef 7-Tprocess of introducing thnselTea to Sold by $&, 7fm foS constieach other, begun on page one. pation7- (adv-mar)He Was Impressed."Was the sermon today to your 11k-inr. John?" inquired the pastor. "Indeed, sir, it was a grand sermon," saia 4John, with genuine admiration. "W hatpart seemed to take hold of you?"WlL now since you ask me, I'll tellyou. What took hold of me most wasyour perseverance the way you wentover the same thing again and againand again." Christian Herald.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:13 a34 Atlanta, daily 5:25 an25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am.10 Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:38 am.11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:38 aim40 Lexington daily except Sunday.. - . ...7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 " Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily ,10:12 am,33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:G0 xa29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday .... 2:55 pna9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 2:00 m.138 Lexington, Daily '.. 3:12 pa.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 fm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 ym39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday ... 5:59 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday f:ll fM32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 5:23 fm.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm13 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVNo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:3040 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:4511 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:4710 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 p26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pai13 Lexington, daily except Sunday .V 3:17 pat38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 jm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday g:fK) pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pa32 Chicago, daily ; 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:43 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9:30 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only 9:40 pm129 Lexington, Dally $:35 p aBAD COLDSFROMSUDDEN CHANGES.Spring brings all kinds of weatherand with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and hoarsness. Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey willhead off a new cold or stop the oldcue, the soothing balsams relieve thesore throat and heal the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to-day and startNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday '7:3S a. m.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday... f:w m.TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday S;3t a. m.8 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday - : p. ra.SPRING COLDS ARE DANGEROUS. 1Sudden changes of temperature andunderwear bring spring colds wit'istuffed up head, sore'throat and general cold symptoms. A dose of DrKing's New Discovery is sure relief.,This happy combination of antiseptic'balsams clears the head, soothes theirritated membranes and what mighthave been a lingering cold is brokenup,is first felt as a half cured cold 1WtmtTRADE vuktECEMA REMEDYSold on a guarantee for Xci&m;Don't stop treatment when relies i Tetter, Salt Rheum, and similar a:rectum of the sicm aad acalo. so&treatment at once. At your druggist. J dangerous. Take Dr. King's New only fcr "u. 50c and SLM..25c. Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)Discovery till your cold is ,gone.j ' ' (adv-marj ... .OBERDOFSlt, Ta DngiLParte KtotoMkr-PAGE FOURTHE BOtJRBdN NEWS, IPARIS, KY.: aTUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1017.- (ritf?i1I 'IItIFlKK"NfCENTRAL KENTUCKY MILLERS'MEETING AT LEXINGTON.CANDIDATES WARNED OF , IPARIS BOYS LOSE TWO:NEW "CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT.M "INVINCIBLES" WINMr. B. M. Renick, of the Paris Mill- It is highly important for canflidatusAGAIN.TJie Danville Hih School baskel-REPORT OF STONE SALE.ing Co. president of the Central Ken- for office in Kentucky to familiarize ball team administered a defeat to the J0f stock, crop, etc., of Mr. C. T. Stone Jtucky Millers Association, presided at themselves with the provisions of the Paris High School team in a game ar I neid .on' tie iasm. 0f lv j DrakeAuctioneer George D. Speakes makes I'-I"l-!'Oi'H-ll-Hll'!"I'I"l"l"l"I"'I"l"'H"I"l 1 1 I'M-fri'!'!"! 'I ! !ine ionowing mport oi me saie Tthe meeting of that organization held "Corrupt Practice Act," passed by the Danville, Thursday night, by a score oiis. Lexington, last week. Representa- Legislature of 1016. j 18 to 16. It was a fast and close gamtives of forty milling companies were It is compulsory tuiat each candi-iand it was only after an extra fivepresent at the conference, which was date file with the County Clerk or minutes of play that the Danville tosbeld ki tiie Phoenix Hotel . proper official an itemized, satement ' sers were able to carry away theThe morning session was taken up of expenses incurred during his cam-. honors. Veatch and Ford were thfcJwrTT1T1p. imnlpmpnu'With HisfMiKSinns nf tTi vnriniiQ t1i;icp: twimi qiipIi sis nrintincr. stationery, star nlnvprs fnr rinnvJllo whilo T.m.VTr. ,, , . , , m" i 7L ",-""- , ""- . "'i prices.w uie mining Business, rne economy stamps, SLenograpuerts, iciil iui jiuuuu hbu uuu .lkiviii scarreu lor rans.of using wheat flour as compared with halls for speaking, and all other ex The Paris team stopped at Nicholasother foodstuffs, was discussed at tha (penses incurred pertaining to his elec jville en route home Friday and susafternoon session. Plans were formu- tion. Such papers must be filed fif- tained another defeat that night, whenlated to give wider publicity to the ad- teen days before the primary, and also the Nicholasville High School teamvantages wjiich wheat flour possesses, fifteen days before the regular elec-. chalked up a score of 27 to 25 againstThe officers of the Association are- tion. (the Paris boys. The Paris boysB. M. Renick, Paris, president; An- The (penalty for failing to comply (have the consolation of knowing theydrew Cain, Versailles, vice-president; with tihis law, is a fine in any sum not 'played exciting and close finishes inW. H. Warren, Richmond, secretary, to exceed $5,000, or to be confined in both the Danville and Nicholasville. ,the county jail not to exceed six games, and both teams had to workThompson, on the Clintonville pike 'k)u,iuiuaj . jOne pair of mules, $113; cows, $40 ,;to $96 each; one gray horse, $65; Jchickens, 8o cents to $1.10 apiece. -M&UUUbroughtThe atendance was good.STREETS CLEANED.months, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been ap-As there seemed to be a prospect pointed as agent in Bourbon countyfor at least a few days of betterhard to defeat them.The girls' team of the Paris HighSchool again upheld their reputationThe Inviiitn handle and sell the Thomas Ken-. and claim t the title ofweather conditions. Mayor Hinton naa tucky Election Forms, which arc cibles" by defeating the girls' team ofthe street cleaning department bus for ms purp()se. with these the Nicholasville High School, in thatyesterday ridding the streets of Paris fQrms it is no trouble to keep an ac-(City, Friday evening, by a score of 33-of the accumulation of snow and slush curate acc0unt of expenditures, etc. ' to 21. The game was a fast one fromthat had remained there since the These forms aie reserved and protect- j start to finish, and was the first gamelast heavy snow. The aid of the Fire ed y l&y. by the Cadiz Rec0rd, of out of twenty-six that NicholasDepartment was brought to bear on Cadiz. Ky ville has lost. They claimed them-the situation, and the heavy pressure i Au 'canuiaates are required to make selves champions of Kentucky, and arefrom the fire hose soon cleaned the'thgse statementSt an(i the easiest and now evidently sorry tiiey did not passstreets in line snape anu put to nigm best r is to purciiaSe one of Uiese up the Paris girls. The Invincibles"forms now. The price is $1.50. Come showed surprising speed and theirin and see one, and give us your order, j team work was a marvel of basket ballWe have -samples to show, but will work. Their excellent work offset thehave to send in orders to Cadaz tor defeat the bo$'s sustained, and the laL-stock. We are going to send in an ter gallantly did the honors to ''Theorder next week. Let yours come Invincibles."with the rest.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Kys.uy germs that may have been lurkingin the slush.DeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPS .STEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World." 'WILMOTH. Grocery Co.Phone 376TWO ENGINES COLLIDE;ENGINEER AND FIREMAN HURTTHE WEATHER.If. A. (Teddy) Shrock. engineer.. , ... ., and John Oliver, fireman! were hot1'The weather forecast for the eeK geriousl ,nj d Saturday mornibeginning Sunday March 11. as sent q, &out from the Louisville branch of the t q Nq 80UthboundU. o. w earner Dureuu, ia ai iunuoFor Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Local rain probable Sunday. Thereafter generally fair until Thursday orFriday, wjhen rains are again probable; colder Sunday night and Monday; warmer Tuesday and Wednesday, and moderate thereafter.I crashed into the rear of freight en-'gine No. 1324 at Flanagan, near Winchester. Shrock was engineer on Engine No. 1324.I The accident is believed to havebeen the result of the enginemen inj charge of No. 1324 pulling out of thesiding while the engine in the rear, , , .. . was going in the same direction onFollowing a period of comparatively the maIn crashing into ihe othefengine before Engineer John Clarkcould stop it. Engineer Clark andFireman John Bramel escaped unin-warm weather, from Friday to Sundaynight, there succeeded a rainfall Sunday night which came near being aau.. . . . .c i. w jured, but Shrock and Oliver were noted. The storm broke oer Paris about 1 .......ten o'clock Sunday night ith a downpour of rain, accompanied by a highso lucky.A special train of two coaches wasmn1n un of Tr?nVi oof QT onrl "Hln criUQQl...j .-, j, -i i:u:. .,.! . iuuuo u. u.u i, .uvutouv.. n..v &.-.wina. inuuuer uu Bu"ub, m w&g b ht to the Massiptinued unabated until nearly twelve j MemorIal Hogpital in thJs city afterlllO llljUl lO 11UO Uti AbVWAva.WV. w mj.the L. & N. physicians at Winchesterinjured, and severely.cut, several stitches being requiredto close the wounds. He was coveredbv the live coals from the firebox inSo far as known there was no damntro, Anna in rhp r.itv or the countv bv .tov. - . - - Hjg liead wagthe storm .Ohio, Indiana and parts of Kentucky iwere swept by a tornado Sunday night.uomg great ua iy. " ;w UM his engine, and was severely burnedwere killed and four badly hurt at fn)m hs tQ tfae ankles nig in.C?Vt juries, though serious, are not neces-MflRGOLEN'SExtra SpecialsFor This Weeked in Hyde Park, a suburb of that city.At Newcastle, Indiana, a score of persons were ki leu anu ver iu imu- hedied badly injured by the storm. One lchild was hurled over one hundredr. timmiivli flirt oi. liv fVin fnrna nfj icta iujuhv' "c " " -"- - Livingstonthe tornado. Kentucky was also hard Both en bftdly damagedjhit in several places by the zephyrs. by ooUisfoil Engieer Clarkbrought them to Paris to the localsarily fatal, and it was stated that hewould recover. Oliver's back waswas badly bruisedby the coal from the tender falling onhim. He was removed to his home inHave Your WallPaper Cleaned.I VIII TAN 'L PI nwsii jr i iwri .-x. j pv h a ih k m iniiir!!' n v mT H A-VfcXT mW W U J if A I 1 lillll.LKIJ M M V I I T Il r 5L , "7. o. . -VHi,ie by "ie ulcan r'0" t0 E"u,ni!i"'-TRY THE Brif VULCAN JLf LtAm prepared to clean the paper onour wall, and make them look asgood as new. Work guaranteed. CallHome phone 163. (13-4t)Bankrupt SaleOFGroceries and Ice CreamPlant.matter oi J. H.Batterton, ' JWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinciece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price Secondfor sale arj?aHiBall Gan?eCor. Fourth and Pleasant Si.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped" with steam vuKcanizer and run by an expert.In theuanKrupt. a,Under and by virtue of an order o'sale pending in the United States Dis-trict Court for the Eastern District of 4Kentucky, the undersigned Trustee of tJ. H. Batterton, will, on iSaturday, March 17, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thecorner of Seventh and Main streets, inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, sell atpublic auction to tihe highest and bestbidder, the following articles of personal property:1. Unusually select stock of groceries, including canned goods (standardbrands), and all kinds of desirablestaples, invoiced at twenty-one nun- 4.dred dollars ($2,100.00). .2. Two completely equipped soda Tfountains. . X3. One Ford automobile truck. j f4. One Cash Register, in excellent Tcondition.6. Comnlete ice cream manufacturing outfit, including electric freezer, !f.motor, packers, cans, tubs, four wag- 4ons, andi all necessary appliances. ' T7. Also various articles of furni- Xture and furnishings, too numerous t'i tmention, all in first-class condition. 1 X8. Big lot of Toys. ' ?iwiuift j ne terms or. me saie win ,! 1 1 . t-f-be announced on the day of the sale. , 'HI I l'I'l't 1'HM'HI1HH I Igl 1 1 -WMt.M.,i 1 1 'IKW. S. ARNSPARGER, ,Trustee of J. H. Batterton. 1(13-2t) ISteam HeatedGarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTMMMMIIHmUMHHmtHMSuKar Cured Picnic HamsPer pound 20ciPromises Make Friends!Hog: Jowl, Country Cured,per pound20cshops for repairs.TO DELINQUENT WATERCONSUMERS."Pnrp Hncr T.orAper pound 22 l-2c ' ability to make friendsj Quality of our work.Veal Uhops, Special Cuts,pound 25cWater consumersPerformances Keep Them ! whose bills from J a n-uary to April 1st re-Let us demonstrate to you ourby theoieweFARperCALL UPMflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETWe will make your glasses accurately, promptly and at a priceas low as possible. Eyes examined without the use of drugs.We can duplicate any kind oflenses.FRYE & FRANKLINi Doctors of OptometryDow BId., opp. Windsor Hotelwill beMarchmain unpaiadiscontinued1st.PARIS WATER CO.(feb 27-tf )UNDERGOES OPERATION.14 MM H -I I i I l'4'4''i''I'''l-'I'-I-'I'-I''ia--I''I-'I-4'4'4''I"I-"I"I'I''I"I''t''I"I"I'4"I"I"I''l''I"I-'HIGHEST PRICESPAID FOR.:-IBUTTER, CHICKENS, TURKEYS,DUCKS, GEESE15c per gallon for First-Class Buttermilk.- 40c in Trade for A. No. 1 Butter. iMr. Sherman Stivers, formerly ofParis, and for some time editor of theBlue Grass Farmer edition of the Lexington Herald, and now engaged inpublicity work in the South, for theCooper Medicine Co., of Dayton, Ohiounderwent an operation recently atWaco, Texas, for appendicitis, according to advices received by relatives inthis city. His condition is not considered serious. Mr. Stivers was inParis some time ago on a visit, andwas threatened with, appendicitis at Ithe time, but his physicians advisedhim to derer the operation until hisreturn Soutih.MERS SUPPLY CO.ROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN, PARIS, KY.Everything the Farmer Needs at Lowest Possible Prices.All Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Savingof From 5 to 25 Per Cent. 'John Deere Farm Implements. "SSSSrSrT&iCutting; Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking and Riding Cultivators, Single, Double, Three andFour Shovel Cultivators, Mowers, Self Dumping and Bull Rakes, Binders, Drills, Wagons,Manure Spreaders, Garden Plows. Oliver Chilled, Vulcan and Syracuse Points' 40c each!J. I. Case Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before you buy take a look at ourmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery.Don't Forget We Sell the Celebrated"Blue Ribbon" Garden Seeds3 Papers For 10 Gents., - All Bulk Seeds in Proportion.B-4 HREinsure withW.Q.H1NTON &SON,AgtsFATALLY BURNED.Mrs. Valentine McKinney, 'whilemaking a Jiro witlr crude oil at herhome near Union Hall, in Bath county,received burns that had a fatal resultwhen her clothes became ignited fromthe flames. She was the wife of aBath county farmer.HarnessBuggy Harness $12 to 25.00.Pony Harness 10.00 to $15.00Breeching $6.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c to SI. 00.Belly Bands 50c to 75c.Check Lines S3.50 to $4.75.Hames 75c to $1.75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Hame strings 15c to 25c.Bridles S1.25 to 83.00.'Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pads, all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth $25, now S17.50Saddles worth $24, now $16.50Saddles worth $10, now $7.50.Boys' Saddles worth $9, now7.Boys' Saddles worth $7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Bobes.ChurnsDazey Churns, 3, 4 and 6gallons. Also wood churns.I The Busy Bee Cash Store- The Store for Full Weight and Measure.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.SUSTAINS FALLrScales, Pumps, Etc.We are agents for Fair-bankd-MorseScales, Pumps,Engines, etc.Paints.We have on hand about 1,000gallons Simmons Paint. Nobetter paint in the world.Bought last year.. Can sellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity of white leadbought at the same time. Ifyou are going to paint, see usbefore you buy. Linseed Oiland Turpentine. All kinds ofporch and inside paint.Studebaker Autos.If you are going to buy anAutomobile !ut us show youthe Studebaker. It has everything you could wish forin an automobile except thehigh price. Looks, comfort,power, room, workmanship,material the best.Goodyear Tires and Inner Tubes,all Kinds of accessories, Gasoline,Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot 'Lights,Sparks Plugs, Pumps, etc.Good Farm Machinery Oil 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and Steam Engine Oil.Crude Oil for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth $1.00, now50c per gallon.iIHardwareLook over our list and seewhat you need;Saws, Hatchets, Hammers,Planes, Axes, Mauls. Wedges,Locks of all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives, Table Knives and Forks, PocketKnives, Butcher Knives, Carving Sets, Kitchen Knives,Shears and Scissors, SheepClipping Machines, HorseClipping Machines, SheepShears, Rakes, Hoes, Forks,all kinds of handles, Nails,Screws, Bolts, Horseshoes andNails, Grindstones. Feed Baskets, Clothes Baskets, EggBaskets, Cistern Pumps, bothwood and galvanized, IceCream Freezers, Water Coolers, Buckeye Incubators, United States Cream Separators,Lawn and Porch-Swings.Take a look at -our STOVESand RANGES. We sell theNever-Rust-Cast Iron Range. 'No better made. .Guaranteedfor 20 years. Worth $60.00,now $40.00. Four-eye CookStove $12.50 to $16.00.Mrs. A. W. Cottingham foil on theslippery pavement at her home onSouth Main street, Saturday, sustaining painful, but not serious bruisesShe was given prompt medical attend 1tkm, and is resting; easily. No bonesAll Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Potatoes. ?est FlT J10-15 bi.SlO.OObbl. in cloth; Best Flour S1.25 per 24 pounds; Meal per peck 35c; TurJ Cane wr100 lbs. $8.00; Pure Cane Sugar 25 lbs. $2.05; can Corn 10c; can Hominy 10c can PuS10c; 30c California Peaches 20c; 20c California Peaches 15c; 30c California Pineaw)le 20c20c California Pineapple 15c; Arm & Hammer Soda per lb. 7 l-2c; Matches per box 5c Riceper lb. 7 l-2c; pure Lard per lb. 19c; Smoked Bacon per lb. 20c. All prices subject to-chansrewithout notice. The markets are strong on everything. We will not raise prices unlessabsolutely necessary. We can't advertise everything; give usa call and von will qpP ,that we can save you money.sth & M.in FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY p, Ky.i9ir.-J 5M I II H II 1 1 H 1 H m 1 f t 1 IHfH i 1 1H 1 1 1 1 U 1 1 'were broken.IMMMMMMMMMWWHMMM1 miMMMI gryTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY?TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1917.PAGE FIT,SOME CABBAGE.rirorrrSPK.v&m?AFOR THE BESTNOTHING-ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here,There andElsewhere.TOBACCO COTTONAM grades, at Harry Simon'sl&mar-tf)W. O.fromSadler arerecent ill-A carload of cabbage, consigned tca Lexington firm from a wholesaletruck garden near Kalamazoo, passedthrough Paris yesterday. The car havlmissed connection with the freighttrain in some way at Cincinnati, andwas attached to the Louisville &Naahville fast train. At Paris it wasINCORPORATION APPROVED.Rev. and Mrsboth convalescingTIOCCI .-Mrs. John nntv aHon, , n,. transferred to the passenger train foritt-Woodward wedding in Winchester Lexill&ton, in order to make its desti'Tuesday. wincnesiei. nation ,n &ood order The freighfcI Miss Nancy Crawford, of Conners- SjJS?8 on the cabbase amounted tojville, is a, guest of Miss Nancy Barbea 14b-Jj-.Wilson, in this city. IMrs. E. T. Sanford. of Tiiiisvni " wunw i tt ur yuALi i y. : ; . o i. . . &. i. oanioru, ot Louisville, iSecretaiy of State Lewis, Saturday ,- a g of her molhei Mrs. Ben .mirail i Vi a nrtiitloQ .-f innnmoratifm "Unit nn Aff A ',. :.. il.! '!. .approved the articles of incorporation Holt, on ML Airy, in this city. Goes Wlth everything we sell, andchanging the name of the Deposit-Peo Mr. Ed. Brown has resumed Jiis Jt is an iro11 bound guarantee, withpie's Bank of Paris, to the Peoples uuiies as bookkeeper for the J. T. Hin- ll loop holesDeposit Bank &. Trust Company.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.. ton Co., after an attack of the grippe.I Air fionro'o Calmn Ur ..... .i j '- -v.wib ucuuu lias lULurntJU toBRIEF FILED FOR REHEAR- lh.is h0I?e n "ise after a visit toiNG IN MITCHELL CASE. pjs J' Idmon' nea'" I Mt nnrl ATr PorcnilO of PlimvinnIn the Court ot Appeals, nuiay, kv.. arp mp!t5 nf Wr on, -vtt-c w v we are authorized to announceMessrs. Talbott & Whitley, of Paris Griffith, at their home on Cypress H0N- CLAUDE M. THOMAS, of Bouruttorneys in the case of the Louisville street bon county, as a candidate for the& Nashville Railway Co. vs. Harry Mr. Frank Jacobs has returned Democratic nomination for the office ofMitchell, filed a reply to a petition for from St. Louis, wher he went last 2;ep8eS.tat;vevr0T,n ?u5bou coiy:rehearing without notice. The eigh- week to attend the funeral and burial f e Kentucky Legislature subjectrei "b , . . . ., i.:a of a netihew - to tne action of the voters at the pnteen page brief was printed, bound OI a "enail- . . . . movv Diflnf!nn nn A0a i mi7-,i niivprpa in less than one day . lurs- lt3ert uoggin lias returned ' ---.. -,from the BOURBON NEWS job room:on short notice.CARD FROM C. M. THOMAS.to Georgetown, after a visit to hermother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, on 'Houston avenue. pj Mrs. Katherine Davis Craigentei, tained at cards at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Davis, Fri.day afternoon.Mrs. L. R. Henry, of North Middle-For Sale.Paris, ky., March 12, 1917p,i;tnr TtnTTTmON NEWS:I'JUIWI i-v .. - . - .. ...Please announce Uirough vour good town, nas as guests, uer lather, Mr.naper to the Democrats who have ask- Todd, of Richmond, and Mr. L. D. Rob.papei w ,.,. - .T-. bins, of May field,ed me to become a candidate for the jMn R Ju mnext House of Representatives that 1 move from Kokom0 indiana, soon toshall accept the nomination if given to their ferm on the Hume & Bedford1,,r -mir nnrtv' nnfl if PlfiCted. Shall niL-o nonr fliio lfimake a faithful effort to represent tho Dr. Harry Mathers was called tobest interests of our county and StateSixty nice slock heifers; weightabout 600 pounds.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,H3-2wks-4t) Paris, Ky.For SaleiFRANK & COMPANYi'fh " -j2jE RELIABLE STOREcy4.nnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's BestStylesRespectfully,CLAUDE M. THOMAS.mother. Mrs. Mathers was considerably improved yesterday.I Tvr eo T nnli l.'1t.r..Tr. i HamI per, of Paris, attended the inaugura-STATE INSPECTOR GIVE !tion f President Woodrow Wilson, atGROSCHE BAKERY "O. K." Washington, DC, Monday.Miss Delia Eva Wasson, of VerT i. i, r.n 'iilles, is a guest of Mrs. W. B. Wood-The State Bakery Inspector who re ford at her country nome on UlLcenUy made a tour of inspection of the Winchester pike, near Paris,bakeries of the State were in P'iris jIn w. p Allen, who recently inland made an inspection of the bakery derwent an operation at the Massiep xx t nrn?rhp codv of their re- Memorial Hospital, in this city, fort '-hi hPen returned and can be gall stones, is greatly improved,port lias been returneu Mrs. J. R. Miller, formerlyseen at tne oairer . xu ?;r: Mary Rassenfoss, of Paris, who is nowplant in the first class, with remark regiding in Mt sterlingt te a guest ot-of "ExcellenL" These inspectors .pass her aunt Irs Frank Jacobs in tnIson every-tliins pertaining to and used cityin the bakery'- The Kentucky law r jra Thompson, who recentlygoverning bakeries and material used underwent an operation at the Dr.Tn oame is vers' strict and this report Holmes Hospital, in Cincinnati, willis proof to the people of Paris that be able to return to his home near thistheir bakery goods are made in a clean Jouett Davis daughtersiiop out of the best materials. uw jof Mr withers Davis, of this city, hasbeen ill with measles at the home orher grandparents. Judge and Mrs. E.S. Jouett, in Louisville.One set of dining room furniture, inCarlisle, Saturday, by the illness of his "rst-class condition. Call CumberlandMissPhone 9G, Paris.For Rent.Rooms for rent. Centrally locatedApply at THE NEWS office. (It)For Rent.FifthEn-Suite of 3 rooms, cornerand Main streets, second floortrance on Fifth, a few steps from Main.Electricity, gas, steam heat. Ladies'and gents' toilet.DAUGHERTY BROS.,(13-3t) Either Phone.WE WANT YOUR EGGS.ocli S JOUeLt m IjOUISVHIU.Highest casu , uute Miss Frances Dudley, daugh-Bring us your eggsprice.(It)FOR SALE!T.liek oniiro cinnlr nf Thr TViir nnn.X- m 4 -ter ot Dr- an(1 Mrs Wm' K Dudley sisting of Novelties, Enamelled Ware,C. P. COOlv te uu. has recovered from an attack of Fancv Goods, China and Glassware,measles, rneir iittie son, winmin, i&Pivhiroe Clioli'ino" Pnimttirs ftn TfLECTURE ON "TRAINING SCHOOL" .ZSSJafSker, of cvnlUH.'"" sold as a ho!e in the next CO daysj- r i:,.c j ti,?o will he sold at auction.Mrs. Maude R .McClure, principal of q her return from winchestei,the Womans' Missionary Training wnere &e iia(i been attending theSchool at LouisvUle, will deliver an Gravitt-Woodward wedding,ninctrited lecture -on "The Training Mrs. Charles B. Morgan, of Colo-School." in the Uapust cnurc.u ... ... " ''"J; ."J"'"",; "Tt m.SUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSSilks', Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To Match IIALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWq Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review Patternsi-si PRANK & COMPANYmFOR WALL PAPER.S f -n o'clock to-night, Tuesday, in Paris for a visit to Mrs. J. T. Mai-'j..iurbe an ill- Ua. while en route Uj Carlisle for a j"T"7J ... o,i will he of sreat in- visil lo ,.. .w. --- ntusLra.ut:u uuc, .. -- - Mrs. J. rl. vjoiuei. wuj aa ui"terest to all who attend. .A-rs. -Mc- ed Qn at tn(J Iassie Memorial HosLure is an accomplished speaker, and pital in this cit last weekt for ap.her lare experience in the work will pen(iicitis, is doing nicely, and will heenable her to present the subject of abic to return home this week.-The Training School'' in an a., aiV, ,manner to her audience. , voting "fnfe, Fla..to ioin her husband. Airs, rrapp wa.iBy all means, see our papers, besttown, and the very last word ;beautiful patterns.THE FAIR.PARIS, KENTUCKY.SPRING STYLEb HtHUT. Ir;or,v atIrr .Tosie Redmon. of nea.'New spring suits, hats and furnish-, Mr '- Bickerson. Mr. Charlesi nnKmanl trf 111 ." i -r T.l. TITliStn non-'""' " DLckerson ana :vn. riimn. ' "!fn r-inr.fnnn.tL Saturday morning anCreturned. Saturday afternoon withthree Oakland Six autos. for the Dickerson Garage.A message to relatives m this citySaturday conveyed the informationthat Dr. Geo. K. Varden was verv ill att-j !., i Atlnntii iip.nreia. riisnm and some assortment.ftvprv denartmentJ. W. DAVIS & CO.GOT'YA BEAT, SURE!EIGHTEEN DAYS MOREOF THESunday's Lexington Herald had aninteresting story ol o u. . nis UOui i -". -loff aften by Tommy Dewhurst, of Lexington, father, Dr. George S. Varden, left Satto an old schoolmate n iaiipiiia fcJ; Federation of Woannouncing the advent of an heir to Tie Keiuthe Dewhurst household, was delivered " The gix clubs of Fuu0n aresixteen years after it had been writ- bug'y wjth plans t0 provide entertainten and mailed at Lexington. ' menU comfort and a brilliant programTHE NEWS can beat that! A news for the visiting club women,letter from our Millersburg corres- Mrs. Robert Frank and daughter.Pnt, Mr. IM- Caldwel, nn- s Hahave.tnrned from LouIiig news Items for last Pridaj swsut sviue. treatment for someof the paper, was mailed at five o doc under mea daughter wiHat Millersburg, Wednesday afternoon. J sQQn for Saranac Lake. Newby Mr. Caldwell, as shown by the post- y ark for the beneflt of her daughter smark. It was uemeicu w -r healtn.NEWS' postoflice box sometime Hi-, Nelson. Mrs. Henry-day afternoon, after several inquiries -Mrs. CJaa.Neteohad been made for it, one day too late -j'Boslgy of Winchester, attended thefor publication. - meeUng'of Jemima Johnson ChapterAnd Paris and Millersburg are only D Kf neid with Mrs. Wade Whitleyeteht miles apart. - 'and Miss Lizzie Grimes, at the lesleigne maeb p . Grimes on DunCan aveD a. R. MEETING. i nUe, Saturday afternoon.j Henry Welling, young son of Mr.The meeting of Jemims? Johnson d Mrs. Richard Welling, of Par. un--wuzaoem. 'unu . removal oi tonsiis. xn wn.. ...WhiUcy, at the residence of the tor- flie ordeal bravely and is.gettingJmer, on,Duncan aveuuc, - jiiovK mceiy.xnl inleresting that organfeatlon has followfng invitation his beenheld for some time. iccGd to society peonle in tlus andMrs. Henry H. Hall, Regent of the 'Siil tof Tou are cordialHart Chapter, D. A. R., of Winchester, nvitey to attend Central Kenwas present and delivered an address Big AnnuSLl Easter Dance, Prion "Htatorlc Spots on the Boone Trail. dayf April 6, 1917, Masonic Temple,?Mnrs Wniiam Lindsay, of Frankfort Paris, Kentucky. Smiths SaxophoneStWan and Mrs. Owen L. Davis sang mittee.solos 7'ith Misa' Elizabeth Crutcher , Miss iarj' cioud Bosworth, daugha Mrs Wade H. Whitley as accom- tcr of Mr. and Mrs. Powell Bosworth,and Airs. " was burn'ed while attending aP1"818, . .,tMnn cuests nartv given at1 the home of Dr. andThe following utMo.u gues party giv iu Ulis clty? iswere present and enjoyed the afte wra. aiong very nIcely Her mtlcnoon with the other visitors. M-Jn' frieIlds and friends of the family areL. Bofiley, Mrs. Charles B. lson, exceedingly gratified to know that herState Recording Secretary D. A. R.. aUlnjuries are (neahng rapidly and thatVictrolaancingBIG CASH SALEorWith a Victrola and VictorRecords you can practice the newdances over and over again.You can have an impromptudance whenever yoiL wish airddance as long as .you. want.The-Fox Trot,' Castle Polka,and all the other new dances,played loud and clear and" in perfect time.Come in and hear them, and letus demonstrate thedifferent styles of theVictor and Victrola$10 to $250. Easytcrnib, if desired.I F JjIJDAUGHERTYBROSAJ -We have tried in every way to emphasize theWonderful ValuesandVGoods of Qualityyou are able to receive during this Sale, andnow we wish to be just as emphatic in stating that you can do better HERE than ELSEWHERE. All we ask is that you come andsee for yourself, as has a host of others.m! - "-"THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHOINE" 36SIXTH AIND MAIN STS.V?4tHSVtr.Qj.4"'I-.;.ArtwtnAater. and Mrs. ivuu - she win swjii uu u 6.Will aiysfii. uv. ""k .0.-.-.(Other Personals on Page. 3.)Stonerf Mt Sterliug. . JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARqH 13, 1017,iIII !mtmI K'i'. iitatiflhI!IIViGRANDMA JOINS'CHILDREN'S PLAYSfci Used to Be Gross BeforeQnlac Cheered Her Up.CAN WALK UP STAIRS NOW!"My daughters and grandchildren ,think I'm a different woman. I am.I even get down on the floor and romp"with the little ones. A short timeago I was so cross I wasn't companyfor anyone."This is the tribute that Mrs. H. E.Hill, 3551 West 63rd St., Cleveland jpaid to Tanlac."There was a time when I couldn'twalk up to the corner store withoutfear I wouldn't be able to get backMRS. H. E. HILL.alone," she said. "But that time haspassed thanks to Tanlac. I was rundown for years and couldn't do myhousework. I had to leave most ofthe work to my two daughters. Lastwinter was the worst and I was toldthat unless I got better I would nothave long to live.Lived In Damp Quarters."Our house, too, might have mademy condition worse. For it was onlow ground and was a trifle damp.That made me worse, Uefore takingTanlac I couldn't walk up and downthe stairs. I had to sleep downstairs.I can get up without any help now."My back used to hurt me so badthat I couldn't stoop over. Now Ican get down and mop the floors.Was All Run Down."My stomach gave me no end oftrouble. No matter what I ate, gasformed and I had a heavy, bloatedfeeling, I was nervous, and even thenoise made" by my two little grandchildren in their play annoyed me."I surely am thankful for whatTanlac has done for me. And I feelbo happy over it that I have alreadvtold several friends about the resultsJt brings."Get Tanlac today if you are notfeeling right. Delay in health matters is dangerous.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON. Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, -Oscar Smith; CARLISLETmeman &. Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERUTZ, B. S. Parridfa. (adv.)STOCK, CROP, ETC.The highest price recorded for:hogjes in this country since the CivilWar, was quoted at the National StockYards, in East SL Louis, 111., Wednesday, when good heavy hogs brought$15 per hundred pounds.Mr. David Crombie, of the RuddlesMills vicinity, sold this week to Bourbon county farmers three Jersey cowstwo with calves for $350.Mr. E. B. Allen, of North Middletown, sold this week to Mr. Thos. P.Triplett, of ML Sterling, the noted saddle stallion, Bourbon Chief., Jr., -54G,at a price which was not given out forpublication.CLIP THIS AND PINON WIFE'S DRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses So TheyLift Off With Fngers.Ouch !?!?!! This kind of roughtalk will be heard less here In towo-ilpeople troubled with corns will followthe simple advice of this Cincinatiauthority, who claims that a few dropsof a drug called Freezone when appliedto a tender, aching corn or hardenedcallous stop soreness at once, and soonthe corn or callous dries up and liftsright off without pain.He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even irritatesthe surrounding skin. A small bottleof Freezone will cost very little atany drug store, but will positively remove every hard or soft corn, or callous from one's feet Millions ofAmerican, women will welcome thisannouncement since the inaugurationof the .high .;feaelsf If your druggistdoesn't have Freeaone tell him to or4er a small bottle for you. (adv)1 -or-Sy-Air" ''FARMER BEHIND THE TIMESHis Wife Tells How She Has Livedfor Many Years Without ModernConveniences.In the American Magazine a farmer's wife tells of some of her experiences. She says :"My husband does not, or will not,realize that the world has moved, andthat what were luxuries a generationago are necessities now. One of mychildren died of typhoid fever, thegerms of which were, no doubt, broughtby ilies from the hduse down the roadwhere they had the disease; for wehaven't a screen door in the house, andonly a few cheap adjustable screens."We sleep on feather beds, becausemattresses cost money, and the featherbeds were in the house a part of thefurnishings that I married, when I tookmy husband for better or for worse. Wehave chairs with rounds missing, worncarpets, nicked dishes and cookingutensils that have long since outlivedtheir usefulness."The house is inconvenient, and forthat reason alone housework is muchharder than it ought to be, and housework Is hard enough in all conscienceon a farm. We have no water in thehouse. For 25 years I have fetchedand carried water. There are twosteps between the kitchen, and the dining room, which, by the way, was formerly a bedroom and has no place fora stove. The 'parlor' is across a buttfrom the main part of the house and isonly opened on special occasions."HOW TO MANICURE CANARYIt Is a Job That Must Be Done, ButExtreme Care Should AlwaysBe Used.As a canary grows old, it will be noticed that its claws get long and catchon the perches and wires as it hopsabout the cage. In a state of naturethe activity of the bird as it movesabout on the ground or among twigsand limbs keeps the claws properlyworn down. Confined In a cage, thebird's claws become entirely too long.It is necessary, therefore, to trimthem with a pair of sharp scissors every few months. It is important towatch the condition of the claws carefully, as by catching they may causea broken leg. In each claw a slenderblood vessel extends well down towardthe tip. This may be seen on closeex:i!......iiou through the transparentsheath of the claw. In trimming cutwell beyond this canal and take special care not to break the leg whilehandling the bird.In cage birds the horny covering ofthe bill, as well as the claws, sometimes becomes distorted throughgrowth without suflicient wear. Thetips of the mandibles may be pareddown with a sharp knife, but caremust be taken not to cut deep enoughto reach the quick.Be Prepared to Meet Trouble.There is a serious side to life as wellas a carefree one. The average mothershould remember this and should impress upon her family the wisdom ofbeing prepared to meet whatever trouble comes into the home.Everyone has his or her burdens tobear, and the old-fashioned habit ofcoming forward and making collectionsfor persons in trouble isn't In voguethese days. It is a good thing, too, thattimes have changed, for no one need bedependent upon public or private charity if he or she looks ahead, acknowledges his or her responsibilities anduses the proper means to meet them.As a rule it is always the extravagantand uns3'stematlc person who has tocall for aid ; but the woman who looksat life from a business standpointwho assumes her responsibilities isalways independent and never finds itnecessary to seek assistance fromothers.Owl Not Really Wise Bird.Since It has been recognized thatthe owl is a beneficial bird, economically Important as a destroyer ofrats, mice and gophers, there is anincreasing tendency to restore Itsclassic significance. Like many people of deliberate manner and fewwords, owls are not as wise as theylook. They are quite easily caughtin traps. In case the barn in whichthe owls make their home catches firethe owls usually burn to death. Theyget along very well in captivity whenthey are comfortably housed and fedeither mice or a variety of food, butthey cannot live on a diet of raw porkor beef.Syriac Language.Syriac Is one of the three groups oflanguages into which the old Aramaicof Assyria and Babylonia was developed, the other groups being the Chaldalc and the Nabatean-Sabean.The Syriac Is emphatically a Christian literature language, the Bible wastranslated into it as was a deal ofwriting from the fourth to the tenthcentury, and it, instead of Latin, is'theliturgical language of the Roman Catholics of Lebanon In Syria today.The Syro-Chaldalc is a variant ofthe Syriac, combining features of boththe Syriac and Chaldalc groups. It isfound In use In Kurdistan and the LakeUrmia districts.Nothing More."Anything doing in Plunkville?""Not a thing.""But I see by the paper that manypublic Improvements are contemplated." "Contemplated is the word. Merelymunicipal castles in the air." LomTille Conrier-JouraaLl! Jnl 1 LOVE PRO TEHBy SUSAN E. CLAGETT. j By JOHN GREGORY. gThe cottage sat somewhat back fromthe road and across from a big, oldfashioned house, the very homelinessof which suggested comfort. The girlleaning on the gate leading to the cottage looked from the one to he otherand nodded her head with satisfaction. "It will do, if I can only make theothers see it," she thought. "Even ifthe roof leaks there must be one ortwo of the rooms that are habitableand the place will be a riot of beautywhen the June roses are hi bloom.However, I see its possibilities because I so desire it. The place is really forlorn.""Stick to the possibilities." a pleasant voice said behind her. "When theweeds are cut and a few nails aredriven into missing palings you willnot know it."The girl turned with a start, hereyes cold. She had not realized shehad spoken aloud."It does look uncared for," the mancontinued, critically examining the cottage and its surroundings, "hut I knowits possibilities. If you wish, I willhave it put in order at once.""Are you the owner?""I was born here. Strange how onelets the years pass without coiningback. I have always meant to come,but never did. I think," he said reflectively, "that I have been waitingfor just this." ne turned and lookedat her for the first lime. "You are astranger to the place."She nodded toward the big housei cro the way. "I am visiting friends,but I would like to remain all summerif the cottage is practicable.""It will be ready when you areready," he declared.At the dinner table that night shetold of what she had done. MargaretAlden listened with troubled face."How could you, Nan?" she said atlast. "You know how we want youwith us.""I know," Nan answered soberly,"but I must lead my own life, Margaret. Over there will be home, acrossI he way will be you, my dearestfriends, to call upon when ""Did he say what brought him?"Tom Alden Interrupted."Who?""The doctor your prospective landlord." Then he chuckled. "I saw himin Washington ten days ago, but hesaid nothing about coming out. I wonder yes, I did tell him you were staying with us. He seemed interested.""Why, I never before saw the man." iShe had been in her home a monthwhen the accident occurred that ma-terially altered her outlook upon life.Up to that time she had been absorbedin her work as an illustrator and hadsucceeded beyond her utmost expectations? Then the seemingly impossiblehappened. She fell and broke herright arm and wrist slipped upon thetopmost step of the little stairway andfell to the bottom, ner mammy foundher, a crumpled heap on the floor, andpicked her up as Wallace Irwin knocked at the open door.He did not hesitate. With skillfulfingers and a sure knowledge as towhat he was about he made the girlcomfortable. As he put the finishingtouches to the bandages she openedher eyes and looked straight into thekeen gray ones above her. Even in herpain their expression puzzled her. Shehad seen that look In the eyes of other men, but that It should He In Wallace Irwin's caased her wondermentand annoyance.Nan drew more within herself andhe knew her reserve was due to hisone jinonient of self-betrayal. Thereafter he was on his guard, but beinga man of swift action he could notlong tolerate delay, and a few daysafter the accident he demanded herattention."Why did you run away from metwo years ago, Nan?""Run away? Why should I?" Shehesitated, looking at him oddly. "Is itreally you? I did not know It.""I hnve searched for you everywhere," he answered gravely."That was unnecessary." Her eyesflashed. "Uncle Dick had no right tomake me a party to such a will toparcel me out as he did his stocksand bonds. I preferred to make myown living, as I have done.""True. But he did leave you to mewith the stocks and bonds, and it wasup to me to find you."H r glance was curious. "Were youpleased to have a wife thrust upon youin so arbitrary a manner to beforced to marry a girl, a stranger, because of the knoweldge she would bepenniless if you did not?"He laughed. "I had seen you several times, and the venture did notlook undesirable. But you gave me nochance to make good. That was unfair. As for the money, I don't wantIt, but I do want you. I want the opportunity to make you care. Will yougive it to ine?'"If I did not feel like a bundle ofgold certificates, I perhaps ""Hang the money," he said roughly. "I can take care of you withoutIt. But you are a little mixed. Thecertificates were mine, and I turnedthem over to the trustees the morningI met you here. I knew you would notcome to me as long as I held them.Now, will you give me my chance?""If you really want it," she answered slowly. "I think I am glad togive it."(Copyright, 1917, by the McClure Newspa-1per syndicate.)Nona said it served her perfectlyright. Nona was eighteen, still inschool, still with ideals that touchedthe stars frequently. She could notunderstand how anything could excusepetty Jealousy that is, between engaged persons."I'm frankly, quite frankly, ashamedof you, Margaret," she said in herfunny, decisive way, as they motoredback from the Fenways. "Jerry is justas considerate and nice as he can be,and you really are fearfully unreasonable. As I understand It, he and MissDouglass were acquainted long beforehe met you, and it was natural for himto talk with her after she had beenaway so long ""I have no objection to Jerry's talking with his old friends," Margaret hadanswered frigidly."Jerry saw right through it, though.You should have seen his face whenhe stood behind you and heard youtell Mrs. Fenway you had been calledhome unexpectedly. I don't blame himone bit for staying.""No one asked him to stay.""But what are you going to do?""I'm going into town to stay withTeresa. She's giving a box party tonight, and has a reception to-morrowfor Mine. Cardonza.""And Andy Forbes will be there."Nona fairly glared down at the utterlyinnocent face beside her. "I shall go,too. I shall go just to chaperon you."When they arrived at Teresa's prettyhome, she 'let Margaret absorb theirhostess, and marshalled her plan for acampaign. First of all, she called upthe Fenways, and had a nice, comradely chat with Jerry. He was hard tomanage. Margaret had acted ridiculously, he said, and with unpardonablerudeness to Mrs. Fenway. Miss Douglass had not remained over for theweek-end at all. She was going on tothe city.With his promise to come in, atleast for the last act, Nona turned herattention to Andy."I'm Margaret Everden's sister," shesaid over the telephone. "What? Yes,the youngest, Nona. Could you comeup to Mrs. Brooke's please; justfor a few moments yes, right away,please, and ask for me. It's very important." Andy was twenty-two, three yearsyounger than Margaret, four years older than Nona. Those four years altered the mental perspective, Nona almost deferred to his opinions."You see, Margaret is temperamental, and il will take firmness and patience this time to keep her in line.I knew you'd understand, and Jerry's asplendid fellow."Bully," assented Andy, looking ather admiringly."So, I thought if we'd make believethat we were tremendously struck witheach other just for to-night it wouldhelp Jerry's case don't you thinkso?"Nona went back alone to the house,slipped quietly upstairs to her roomand dressed for dinner. And when Mr.Forbes arrived she met him demurely, as became a younger sister whowas not even a debutante yet. Margaret gave him her hand lingeringly."Andy, boy, you don't know howgood It is to see you ugain.""It is, isn't it," Andy laughed. "Fine.Why didn't you tell me you had sucha girl for a sister?"And all through dinner there wasthe puzzled look In Margaret's eyes,and a little wistful droop to her lips.Already she began to feel the tug ofregret. Andy, sitting next to her,was having a perfectly wonderfultime talking to Nona across the centerpiece of mauve orchids and ferns.Later, he was by her side at the boxparty, and Nona had never looked soattractive.All at once Nona glanced at thesecond box opposite where some latecomers had just filed in. Nan Dougloss was among them, tall and radiant, and behind her was a middleaged man, with a decidedly distinguished air."That's Taller Phelps, the new minister to Bolivia," Andy whispered overher shoulder. "They're to be marriedat Easter.""They are?" Nona's smile was delicious as she turned to look at him."That's the girl I was telling 3'ouabout. And this is all for nothing,then. There isn't a bit of danger.""I think there's plenty for me," saidAndy, a bit soberly."But it's only for to-night," Nona assured him. "Nobody will ever find outwe put it up." She leaned over totell Margaret the news of the engagement, but Margaret's eyes were cold.Nona turned back with a sigh. "Youknow I don't believe I'm a diplomat atall," she told Andy ruefully."You're a darling," he said fervently. "I'm not going to be dropped afterto-night. I want to see you and knowyou. Jerry and I are college mates.I'll get him on my side. Do youmind?"There was a movement at the backof their box. Nona saw Jerry entering, looking decidedly fit in his evening clothes, his eyes seeking Margaret. And surely there was reliefIn hers as she welcomed him."Do you mind?" repeated Andy, doggedly. And Nona's lashes dropped suddenly."It was only to be love pro tem,"she said.. "We'll start a new schedule," answered Andy.(Copyright, 1917, by the McClure Newspaper Syndicate.) - jSafest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna, no poisonous drug. All-other pile medicines containing theabove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal. E-RU-SA cures piles, orGS.1VARDEIN & SON (The Rexall Store)and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)NOTICE TO THE PUBLICThe New Directory of the Cumberland4 Telephone & Telegraph Co.' (Incorporated)will soon be issued. The new list will be corrected up toMARCH 15thand all those who wish to make changes in their listings,to place an advertisement in the new Directory, or tohave their names placed in the new Directory, shouldcommunicate with H. H. FLOYD, Manager, at once.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE &. TELEGRAPHiCO.(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYSi1 twin Bros. Department store :SeventD and main $t$.Tobacco CottonAll Grades at LowestPrices.1 Twin Bros.HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7tb.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathx but with Hot and Cold Runnloawater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.90 per day; 2 people, $2.08 each50 Rooms 4 Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms .'Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:'50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eaehEUROPEAN PLAN Room without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, ?1.00 per day; 2 people, ?0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eacRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 15 eachu itooms single,THE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6thRooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private BatBEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located In thand only a three-block's walk to theThe Climate is Delightful on the Beautiful MississippiGULF COASTDURING MARCH AND APRILEnjou the Lalnuj air and sunshine $a this enchantingland of flowers. Play golf or tennis, motor, fisn, sail orrow. Low round trip fares, and convenient train service.Tickets to New Orleans and Gul Coast points via Louisville& Nashville R.R., permit side trip to Pensacok at slight costFor illustrated literature, schedules, etc., applij to localrepresentatives o the Louisville & Nashville R. R. or addressR. D. Puseu, General Passenger Agent, Louisville, Ku.50 forfeited. For sale byParis,! KentuckyOep't Store I!w2.00 per day; 2 people,and Main Sts., Europeanretail district and theatres.rMiv..TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGESBVUC.,vSENATE EFFECTUALLYSTOUS FIF1BUSTERING.In every home Sloan's Liniment has earned its place inthe niedicine chest as a relieffrom pains and aches.Quickly penetrates without rubhng and soothes the soreness.Cleaner and more effective thanr assy plasters or ointments, it doesr.ot stain the Bkin.For rheumatism, neuralgia, gout, lumIlo, sprains and strains use Sloan's Liniment. At nil druggists. 25c. 50c. 1.00.RESIDENT CALLS ANEXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS.WASHINGTON, March 12. PresiMnt "Wilson lias called an extrasession of congress for April 16, andIso decided that he had power to armAmerican merchantmen against German Submarines opeidting in violationr v international law.The president is expected to exercisejus authority to arm American merchantmen forthwith.The President in a formal statementannounced that he is free to exerciset once the power to arm American-hips.Professional Cards.Bourbon JEutf&lns ScLoan Association-IRST NATL BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WML KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGWANTED!WASHINGTON, March 12. The wayfor an extraordinary session of Congress to vest President Wilson withlull and complete authority to armAmerican ships and protect Americanrights at sea now lays clear and open.Casting aside the traditions of morethan a century, the Senate of the United States, on Thursday, by an overwhelming vote, 76 to 3. amended itsrules to provide for a limitation ondebate that would prevent any fllibuster by a "little group of willful men,"such as the maneuver which preventedthe enactment of the President's armed neutrality resolution during theclosing days of the last Congress.In Qiis recent statement attackingthe Senators who blocked the armedships measure, the President declare'the unlimited-debate rule of the Senatewas the reason which would make anextraordinary session of the Sixty-fifthCongress to consider the bill futile.Thursday night that reason no longerexisted.A few brief hours of debate overthrew the time-honored Senate privilege of unlimited debate a privilegewhich had survived almost constant attack since the early days of the republic. Confronted with the President'sdemand that the way be cleared foraction that would enable him to meetthe greatest emergency the nationever knew, 76 Senators voted for a rulewhich will allow two-thirds of the Senate to limit -Jebate on any pending proposal. Only three Senators, LaFollette, ofWisconsin; Gronna, pf North Dakotaand Sherman, of Illinois, all Republicans, voted against the rule. SenatorsLaFollette and Gronna were two of the11 denounced by the President as the"little group of willful men representing no opinion but their own, who haverendered the great Government of theUnited States helpless and contempible." through their fight on the armedneutrality measure, voted against Icloture on the merits of the rule.TRADE BRIEFS OF INTERESTAmerican' wallpaper is popular InScotland.Spanish dealers have esked aboutAmerican -agricultural machinery, motortrucks and touring cars.A sulphite pulp mill, capable of putting out 30,000 tons a year, is beingbuilt at Karlhaara, Finland.India's indigo acreage for 191G-17is estimated at G2o,900 acres, 142 percent more than sown last year.Sierra Leone's exports of palm oil in1013 amounted to 4S1,G7G gallons, valued at ?22o,101. Most of this went tothe United Kingdom.4Plows are needed In Italy. Thereis at present an exceptional opportunity to introduce American agricultural implements in the country.Plans for the establishment of anelectric lighting system in the city ofKaying, China, are being discussed.The plant will have a capacity of 3,000lamps.Oil will be used as fuel on the locomotives of the Northern railway inCosta Rica. It will be supplied byan American corporation from fieldsin Mexico, tie New York Sun says.NO INDIGESTION, GAS,OR STOMACH MISERYIN FIVE MINUTES."Pape's Diapepsin" For Sour AcidStomach, Heartburn, Dyspepsia.GROUPS OF THREETime it! In five minutes your sour,acid stomach feels fine. No indigesjtion, heartburn, or belching of gas, or'eructations of undigested food, no dizjziness, bloating, foul breath or headj ache.I Pace's Diapepsin is noted for its, speed in sweetening upset stomachs,rlt is the surest, quickets and most cer-!Stain stomach antacid in the world,i and besides, it is harmless.I Millions of men and women now eattheir favorite foods without fearthey know Pape's Diapepsin will savethem from such misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefifty-cent case of Papers Diapepsinfrom any drug store and put yourstomach right. Don't keep on beingj miserable life is too sJiort you arenot here long, so make your stayagreeable. Eat what you like and enjoy it, without dread of acid fermentation in the stomach,j Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of the family eat something which don't agreewith them, or in case of an attack ofindigestion, dy(pepsla, gastritis orstomacjh derangement due to fermentation and acidity, at daytime or duringthe night, it is handy to give thequickest, surest relief. (adv)DON'T DRUG KIDNEYE,RUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Rub Pain, Sorenessand Stiffness from Your BackWith "St. Jacob's Oil."Kidneys cause backache? No IThey have no nerves, therefore cannot cause pain. Listen! Your backaohe is caused by lumbago, sciaticaor a strain, and the quickest relief issoothing, penetrating "St. Jacob's Oil."Rub it. richt on the ache or tenderspot, and instantly the pain, soreness. ,stiffness and lameness disappears. 'Don't stay crippled! Get a small trialbottle of "St Jacob's Oil" from your jdruggist and limber up. A momentafter it is applied you'll wonder whatbecame of the backache, sciatica orlumbago pain. It is harmless anddoesn't burn or discolor the skin.It's the only application to rub ona weak, lame or painful back, or forlumbago, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, snrains or a strain. (adv)You to get our Free Catalogof Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Rhubarb,Asparagus, Strawberries, SeedPotatoes, Dahlias, Etc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No agents.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLife of Air Leaky Away.Air seems to spoil easily. Air travel:ing through shafts and special airchambersin fact, air going throughanything that cuts it off from theocean of atmosphere loses some of itsindescribable vitalizing qualities and isliable to cause weariness and a feelingof depression to those who habituallybreathe in artificially ventilated houses.Scientific examination may show suchair absolutely pure, but all the same it18 poor stuff to take into the lungs.This also explains the real rock bottom difference between town and country air. Highly artificial food and highly artificial air, no matter how goodthey seem, are not the real stuffs themselves. New York Pr;ss.Three things to work for profit,profit, profit.Three things- to fight for honor,country and home.Three things to govern temper,tongue and conduct.Three things to think about life,death and eternity.Three things to love courage, gentleness and affection.Three things to hate cruelty, arrogance and ingratitude.Three things to delight in frankness, freedom and beauty.Thro thines to avoid idleness, loquacity sine! flippant .jesting.Three hings to wish for health,friends ana a cheerful spirit.Three things to admire intellectualrv.-r-r, dignify and gracefulness.Canadian Sunshine.It is said the French newspapers arecondeming, tjlie war styles of ParisAnd yet we cannot think they are asgiddy as the Tjeace styles of the UnitedStates.SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.AROUND THE WORLD1841 LEXINGTON, KY.(feb 16-lm)1917What's Really Needed.j A -Vermont Yankee has perfected anovel blanket for cattle. It can't bedislodged by rolling. Now let himproduce the same kind of blanket forhuman beings. Cleveland Plain Dealer.ebbs tawMIreland has a coal shortage.Irrigation is practiced in Siam.Siberia is to have a paper factory.IIrish coal fields are to be developed. Tianos are now made In New Zealand. Glcndale, Ore., has Installed electricstreet lighting.Mexico permitf free importation ofmost food prodjrts.Brazil is starting to export lumberto the United Stales.FLASH LIGHTSMany a man has been knockedflat by a stunning widow.A real gentleman Is one who isaccustomed to having money and hasceased to brag about it.To seek to reform others Is a grandproject; to reform oneself is equallyso and a great deal harder.Appearances may be deceitful, butsomehow or other we'd rather take ourchances with the fellow who lookshonest than the one whose eyes don'tever light anywhere.NEW THINGS UNDER SUNWhen you see a cheerful and happyeld lady you may know that she hHst'ood digestion. If your digestion ibimpaired or if you do not relish youmeals take a dose of Chamberlain'sTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and causea gentle movement of the bowels. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers. Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andtor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth: Your Every-Day Vocabulary,How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEService Firsta The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto. provida an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plants which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, .District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. U.MITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.x"Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONSuits and OvercoatsuAoeSj Jratsand furnishingsTWIN BR0SClothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein PropParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m .945 a. m.11:15 a, m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. in.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.a:304:20m.m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Prop'.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetCITY CARS ONLY.Protect YourselfAgainst Illness!You may be enjoying the best of health today. There may come ariege of illnesi. ARE YOU PREPABED FOB IT? ,Doctor's bills and enforced idleness are expensive. When you have abank account you are prepared to combat illness.Can you conceive of anything more tragic than a long period of illnesswithout any funds?Therefore, if You Haven't a BankAccount, Start One TodayFarmers' & Traders' BnkOf German invention is a bicycletire made of steel wire that is closelycoiled.Bristles are set in the ends of a newcoat hanger so it can be used as abrush.To save labor In building roads . acart has been invented that spreadsstone evenly as it is dumped.A spoon with a etrainer In Its bowlto hold butter has been Invented tobutter corn on the ear neatly.The annual production of sulphur Inthe United States has increased froma few more than 3,000 tons to morethan 230,000 tons In the last ten years.F. P. RISER,' Prildeat.WM. GRIMES. Bookkjr.JNO. J. M.CLINTOpK, CaiWtrSixth awl MaiiuStreeU : Pari KyuSAYS THE OWLMen who have nothing to do arekept busy doing it.Some people are so rich they don'thave to support a dog.People who raise objections are always sure of a- bumper crop.What's the matter with your bottomdollar as a fortune foundation?u You can't make hay while the sunshines in the good-old wintertime.Lve. Court Houseam7.45 am8.15 am8.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pmpmpmpmpmpm2mamamamamamam2.453.153.454.155.154.45 pmLve. Station 5.7.15 am8.008.309.009.3010.0010.3011.0011.30 am11.50 am12.15 pm1.001.302.002.303.003.304.004.305.005.00pmpmpmpmpmpm.pmpmpmpm2r ' iSatisfaction is OnrW-UchwordWith all the latest im- "provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourjj patronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.t'l 1 i-H4'4'C.4iI-H"II""t"'t''I"lI"IH"I":-I"I"I ImI..M..;..i..i..M"I"I' H 1 If :A&OncyWinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April!30, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist .pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stop-.over privileges on both going and re-turn trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andiMississippi, with final return limit;twenty-one nays irom date or saie.For further Information, call on or ad-drees,JN. V. SHAW. Agent, v-a4 ix J. K. SMITH. T. A.OH1STACY - AD AMS f?-'SHOES$7-oo and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE Ir4tMMIIIIIIMllllMllllllllllllllMltMrV4&- nw t.TJtt.' '- -... - - ' aH - "Vj Sr r" -.FAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.yTUBSDAT, MARCH 13, 1917.sT '-rM 'rrit -1ItMHiwJjl!I,1!; iVIi'f. i, iIt21Hht4MILLERSBURGathe church, v liilethe Elders were hon-'Wednesday, after a several days' visitorary pall-bearers. Interment in Mil- to her sisters, Mrs. Ray and Mrs. V.lersburg Cemetery. A large concourse M. Hancock, at Irvine,of friends and relatives, many of Mesdames Ada McClintock, J. B.whom were from a distance, followed Cray, and Mr. R. L. Powell are somethe remains to their last resting place, what improved. Mr. J. G. Allen is notThe State Y. W. C. A. Chapter was so well. Mrs. Roy Endicott is amongin session at Millersburg from Friday the sick.until Monday. Delegates from the va- The arrangements are about comrious colleges were arriving during plete for the coming Chautauqua,all day Friday. An informal recep, which will probably begin on Sunday,uy 1. Any one aesinng to see aing of Friday. Two sessions were copy ol tne program can do so by call-.11 1 11.. .!.. CL.-.AmT n ....-, 4- !,-. 1 Till .. V... . nt J TPinmn. UeiU QUriUS LI1B uay ou.LUiua.,y , a.u xu& ul luo iuuitiiauuifa vuui iiuu IjUIUis visitingwho isMr. Roy EndicottIriends at Covington.Miss Florence Yimont,among the sick, it not so well.Miss 'Rliy.n.'hfJt'h AHlTor nf Trnnsv!.vania Universitv, was at home frum tion was Siven them in the ?arly evenFriday and Monday.Mr. R. L. Powell was inTatr TVTnmlnv. in wmnnnv with FTir r-, . -.. , .... .w...... ..... ... ... ...11. rnl.-. mn-t inrrG. Dailey, consulting Dr. Bettman rel was gone uuouBu ;... lliC""u;ifative to his condition. ld m the auditorium of the M.Mrs. W. F. Saunders and children C.. as was the meeting Saturday even-f, .;., Tiwi p;,u,. ,..i,o. inc. The nubhc was invited to tnethey Jiave sgent the winter.Mr. Bryan McMurtry, of State University, Lexington, was the guest otMiss Margaret J lien. Sunday.An interesting basketball gamowas played at tiie M. C. Saturday afternoon between a picked teem of th.which the regular routine of business , bed office.Mr. E. S. Barton and family haveHaley, Charles Stephen, Kjhert 0.Talbott and R. F. ., endenin.CHAPPELL.Mr. Wallace F. Chappell, aged fi-ty-five,a prominent builder and. contractor of this city, died at his homenear Paris, early yesterday morning,after a short illness.Mr. Chappell was a son of late Mr.Charles D. Chappell, who was a nativeof Michigan. He came to Paris several years ago from Covington, andworked at his trade, that of canoenter1 1 1' 1 ill I II 1 1 1 M II 1 1 1 1 HI ! II 1 1 M I M i 1 1 1 HI 1 1 1 ! 1 1 H..-.Wolf, Wite & Co.s-. - . .moved to the farm of his uncle. Mr. :in me course ot time he began con-Frank Barton, from the property of Or. trading on his own account, and erectV. M. Miller: Mr. J. G. Leggett and .ed a large number of residences in theSaturday evening meeting, and a large ( to their farm from the property or city and county which bore witness tonndipno.fi was in attendance. Two lectures were delivered, the first being a.short address by Miss Poynter, of StL-ouis, oneM. Miller, recently vacated by his skill at n. hniiripr T-n i,pnitii ho.YBSbI!. K M P the last year or so, he gaveof the Executive ' Board, 1 and Mrs. Lindsey Stewart have moved lu.p, fl!s:work' and for a short whiIe re'and Miss Tupper,tional President.M. C. and the picked team from the Good. Th ody"Y. W. C. A. Chapter, which resulted ina score of 21 to 10 in favor of the visitors. We aro glad that our girls didthemselves the courtesy of allowing'the visitors to win the game.TJhe Chatham Concert Co. put onthe third number of the LyecuniCourse under the auspices of the Y.W. C. A. of the M. C, at the M. C.auditorium, Friday evening. This isthe best number that has been present-of New York, Na- tc their farm from the (porperty of bmeu m uie county on a larm nearThey were both ,M"s. Mattie B. Jones; Mr. James How- Paris.attended various lard r.nd family moved to the property Ir- Chap-pell is survived b his wife.churches Sunday morning, and held a .-of Mrs. Mattie B. Jones, vacated by Mrs. Anna Chappell, and two childrenshort' open session in the afternoon at f Mr. and Mrs. Lindsey Stewart, from Charles and James Chappell; twotne m. u. auuiiuriuin. m mc c;cumb ui.n ui in&ai;a uiuiiiu. 'grandchildren, Luthertup nippuiiEr neici an uuuu sussiuu mAdvance Spring StylesIn a Beautiful DisplayMethodist church, at which time MissTupper delivered another address. Ailthe meetings were profitable, and thepeople of Millersburg were glad tohave the association with us. Manypersons offered homes,-which were notaccopted, because there were not delegates enough to fill them. The follow-a 11SL OL ueieKai.es unu mened here in a long time. Every pan:oinnnt wry o n nrfict nn1 oil Al fllO?T 111CT ISwyai.u o au.uu, .w.v. u.x u fi.w4 - ...., , . ATSccc Molnnovnrk in a most, creditable manner, names mi ; "i7hThey were the recipients of numerous and Garnett ot Transylvania utiencores, to which they responded lib- Mrs. A. S. ahller; Misses Parker anderallv. Thev were greeted with a large Waller, of T. U.. with Mrs. Onean'l all went home highly mufsi; .uisscs, i " "" '""'"T. U., Wlllll iMTS. wiuiam rmnei , wioaWill, of T. U., and Miss Jameson, ofpili be given Friday23.DEATHS.audience,pleased, hopi i to have them with ur..o.rnin TVio 1 r t niimlipr nf flip nniirf--S0-" . . . . . r-.ii. ...Zi-U 1T.- Timt-op "RfT-trt1-Mnrfh aiULCS. ltu. jiLia. iu" --"" "Misses Poynter and Yeager,ence iini, witn iurs. uoxiuyevening.Mr. Georgr Webster Reynolds, aged sixty-nine, died Saturday at 10:30 p.m., at his count homo, after a lingering illness of a amplication of diseases. Mr. Reynold was one of ourmost prominent farmers, and had resided in this coirmunity for aboutThWv vp'irs He was born nearSharon. Braoken countv, in 1848, andof Sci-MissesDickev and Holtcn, of State, with Mrs.Pumell; Misses Thompson and Phillips, cf Georgetown, and Misses Elliott aud Hunt, of Berea, with Mrs. Albert Moffett; Misses Parrish, Bush,Curtis and Taylor, of Science Millwith Mrs. Pelham Jones; Misses Belland Halcn, of T. U., with Miss NannieBurroughs; Misses Scanlan and Mot--WAS 0n OI Air. ana .urs. v.ejiK-- . - Tl-fKvv ...itu ATrs. James BurBeynolds, who died when Je M, ' s tj and Bo,vman, ofquue young. He was one oi a family fa ... .. M Prpwifi .of three children, two sisters havingDRAY.The funeral of William C. Dray,the eighteen-months-old child of Mr.and Mrs. Dee Dray, who died Saturday at the home of his parenrs, on theuieuibviue piKe, near iiis city, was Jheld Sunday afternoon, with servicesat the grave in the Paris Cemetery.The child's death was caused by ptomaine poisoning.preceded him to me grave. Abouttwenty-five years a.o he was united inI marriage to Miss Emma Stoker. Twochildren wee born to liJiem, one son,Mr. George I:mor Reynolds, who hazalways resided with his parents, andMrs." George T. Watkins. of London,Ky. He was a tvpical high toned gentlenian. well connected, and is 'a ellBECRAFT.Mr. Wm. Becraft, aged seventythree, one of Bourbon's substantial andhighly-respected farmers, died at hishome on the Jackstown pike, in thiscounty yesterday afternoon, after along illness. He is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Jas. Tom Jefferson,The funeral will take place at thfamily home to-morrow afternoon, followed by interment in tne Mille;!iurgCemetery at 2:30 -o'clock.Wallace and !James Hunt; two brothers, Mr. W. L. jXChappell, -of Covington, and Mr. ClaudeChappell, of this city, and one sister, ' .jMrs. Laura Lutes, of Danvillf. jjjTllie funeral will take place at his !late residence on South High street,')in this city, at 2:30 o'clock this (Tues-J4day) afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theiParis Christian church, assisted by J jRev. W. O. Sadler, of the Methodist! Jchurch. Tilie burial will follow on thelj.family lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thejpall-bearers will be 1. T. Templin, E. JB. January, George Cay wood, George, Tx. au.mi.ei, .ias. ri. nagguru, ana 1j. J.Ash era ft.Mr. Chappell was formerly a resident of Lewisburg, Mason county, andhas many relatives in Maysville andMason county, who will learn withI sorrow of his dp.if.li.B. P. O. E. OFFICERS.At a meeting of the members ofPari-; Lodge X-j. 373, B. P. O. E., heldat the lodge room? on Main street Sun-JBroa. with Mrs. M. .. rrewut;Misses Best and Hayman, of Sayrewith Mrs. A. S. Veuable; Misses Hale"and Grasby, of Georgetown, with Mrs.C. B. Smith; Misses Peebles and Johnson, of K. C. W., with Mrs. William I: fim. and A.burv of & W. ! Lexington, Friday, after an illness of ?- 1 -". Knight; BEVANS.Funeral services for the Rev. ChasF. Evans, who died at his liomp inday afternoon, the folbwini; olficersj,!,wehe chosen to preside over the meet jings cf the lodge for' the term which .!begins April 1:D. W Peed.Exalted lli.ler; Ed.with Mrs. Ben Wood; Miss Cutler, of one week, were held at the familv res-''4' ueniCK icemen l.oyai Ktngnt:New York, and Miss Brown, of St. ,idence Saturday afternoon at 2:30 1L ?,L lIamlto". Esteemed Lecturius:i ..i -.wi -i,v t nin ri'itiit rf fntf !'-i-r- --,.,.. .i i. !.. T, , 'Knierht: .1. W. Baron. Spnrp.f.'iTv- P K. . i .miii. iiiii ni it:iti vji &a ..al. v. - ---. -- ii r.iiii n. i:iiim i' hi ii v rtuv innii - j ..- -.---, -, v v. - - . x -. wlate Isaac Refolds, of .Bracken j Rev. Evans was one of the best- Q". . ?l Speais: Tjl.r, C. A,,ntv miP r.f iho. most, nromlnent cit- iue-au, 'known and most beloved ministnrs of -.uiiian. uiapiam; xu. ,i. Aiurpiiy.iaen of tie county. He was a devout! Mrs. W. A. Munzmg, ot Maysvine. the Methodist church in this Statemember of the Presbyterian church, is at the bedside of her sister, Miss aml wa pastor cf the cillIrch'es aInner Guard: D. C. Parrish, WilliamShire and William Grannan. Trusteesand for a number of years held the Florence Yimont, who is quite ill. 'Carlisle, Maysville Versailles and Lev 'Withers Davis was chosen is delegateoffice of Elder. For several years h -Mrs Joseph Harrison Mil er of - e served t 00 ,to represent the Patis Lodge at thelias been in failing health, and his Barifield. Ark., is tiie guwt of ,lier 6 JUC UrtS U. UilLlVU OJ " ' ' "E., ti) be held in Boston, Mass., withi William Taylor as alternate.tions many years.-ii h; nrtf imp n: n surnrisp t.n narets. ur. anu iurs. w. u. uaiiei.his many friends and relatives. The, --Mrs. W. S. Judy has returned o Louisiana, where he was born on Defuneral was held Monday at 2 p. m., at her home at Lexington, after spending cember 24, 1842. He entered the minthe Presbyterian church, conducted by a week at the bedside of her sister, istry of the Methodist church at thehis pastor, Rev. A. S. Venable. Th Mr-. J. B. Cray. age of nineteen.active !pall-bearers were the deacons o Miss .Margaret j. larnc ieiumeu4This store has suddenly turned from the sombre hueof winter to a bright garb of spring, the rays of its lightis reflected in every department by the display of brightspring goods that are arriving daily. Whatever you see inthis splendid assemblage is correct in style, in quality,and in price. Worthy of special mention are the newSPRING SUITSCOATS, SKIRTSandSPORT SUITSCharming in creation, correct in style and diversifiedin modeling are the three potent factors which commendto your favor. Ceaseless vigilance on our part has keptfrom this display all but the desirable garments whichwe knew would have been your own choice if you had selected them. Attractive prices prevail.moif, Wiic . Co.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND ?I ALAMOTUESDAYClara Kimball YoungTV"THE DARKSILENCE"Directed by Albert Cappellani. A World picture.Chas. Richman and Dorothy Kelly, in"The Sealed Packet"Third episode of "The Secret Kingdom.''WednesdayOWEN MOORETllie new officers will be installed or. .April 1, with District Deput Wm. J. Rev. Evans is survived bv one daus-Larro11' ot Covington, conducting theter. Miss ITpnripffn Rvnti? nr t oymh; I installation ceremonieston; three sons, Rev. W. G. Evans, cfNew Orleans; Dr. C. A. Evans, of Arkadelphia. Ark., and E. A. Evans, ofSt. Louis, Mo.ttLexington, Kentucky.ty3"M";"y-i"i"W"M'tti.i.ii.it!ia""iMiM2"iandMarguerite Courtotin"The His??Unusual Comedy Drama ofthe Paramount Type. Produced by Famous Players.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.wCWvfVMvvtlSi . FLETCHER.' Mr. K. "L. Fletcher, aced twentv-six, formerly of this city, died at the!home of -his step-father, Mr. J. W.Mallory, at Cowan, Ky.. Friday afternoon after a lingering illness.Mr. Fletcher came to Paris severalyears ago. and for some time was inthe employ of the Western Union Telegraph Co., and later on in the freightdepartment of the Louisville & Nashville, at the Third Street freight station, when ill health compelled him togive up his position, lie was a youngman of industiious and steady habitsand was well-liked by all who knewhim. He was a 'member of ParisLodge F. Sr A. M. No. 2, and also amember of the Lexington LodgeKnights cf Pythias. IMr. Fletcher is survived by his jmother, three brothers, one sister, andhis stepfather, Mr. J. W. Mallory.The funeral v. as held at Uie Malloryresidence in Cowan at two o'clock Saturday afternoon, after which the bodywas taken to Elizaville for intermentin the Elizaville Cemetery. Committal services were conducted at thegrave by the Masonic fraternity, inwhich the following members of the.Paris lodge participated: Judge C. AI IB"'aEllaBBHaallMM'HBaBMMHjrjTiii i rii i i MiniBbbi sss'm ssr gas nam ar em sai a iaafEt Higher. Prices!AggrssiiwmvKy1AT aSr Uttts,J- rvrl2dz-.1 -5 j McMillan, M. M. H. Davis, Prof. Thos.A. Hendricks, Karry O. James, MHume Bedford, Tjhos. Kiser and W. C.eBell.The Worst Handicap.in the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of his talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce our earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General Agent ,Suite 201-202 First Ntt'I BanK BidPARIS, KY."TCWATrS Mrs. Henrietta Hedges Ewalt,? I aged seventy-eight, died at noon Sat-)urday at her home near E wait's CrossJ roads, five miles from Parte, lollowiugan illness of several months of .par-I alysis., Mrs. Ewalt was one of the most2 prominent women of Bourbon countyI She was the widow of Mr JosephEwalt, who preceded her to the gravemany years ago. She was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hedges,wh: lived on Cane Ridge pike, and fomany years was one of tho most devoted members of the old Ca le Kidgechurch.She is survived by one son. MrJoseph H. Ewalt, with whom she resided at the old Ewalt home, near Paris'ione sister, Miss Letitia T. Hedges, ofirear Paris; two brothers. Mr. EdwardB. Hedges, of Paris, and Mr. Jospph E: Hedges, of Pewee Valley;m 'crandriildren, JosephinejTbraas Ijvait2 I The fun -.! "as held at the "hris-tian churc, r. 'ms city, ye :ri'v afX , tern ooii, with sciviies conduote-l hv,Rev. J. T. SharraM. The, burial followed on the fami'y lot in the ParisThe Tall-bearers were Dr.Grasp this opportunityNOW! This wonderfulbargain givingUNLOADINGSALEoffers you . the biggestmoney-saving event.doing. Buy now forNot for a long timeDo as thousands of others arefuture as well as present needs.will you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow.Follow the crowds here and save big money,Inw ij ii1: F k( JUiu.fH-i!e!andandtwoAnnrJGemetery.Ladies' Dark Russia Calf BootsS6.00 values $3.69Ladies7 Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values 2.99Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 values 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 values 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal. button, S2. 50 val. 1 .69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 values .49Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values - 79Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, S4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, 6.00 values.... 5fcd..OfMen's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts. 1$.uu values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3. 00 values -3 ,99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49cLadies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEIVIacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade IV!. & K $10.00 and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes A A to EON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDAN'Paris' Greatest Shoe Store,CHEiSl1 339 Main Street, .Baris, Ky.t2$ .George Rankin, E. MIMMMMtMMMMMMEMMMMiH.1 Davis, T. Hart'Dicksour xM. HTalbott, Ewalt 1