Jrit"-" " - ' "' -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.- -?C-yTVOLUME XXXVI IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1917sTHEBOURBONNEWS. '.- .-" v -AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT CAUSESDEATH AND INJURY.In an automobile accident whichoccurred on the Hume and Bedfordpike, three miles from Paris about10:30 o'clock Saturday morning, Mr.J. W. Pace, aged fifty-five, of Winchester, and one of the best-knownstockmen in Central Kentucky, wasinstantly killed, and D. G. Taylor, ofParis, and Mr. Marcus Lisle, of Winchester, Mr. Pace's partner, werebadly bruised. The accident occurred on an incline near the home ofMr. William Kenney Ferguson.Mr. Pace, Mr. Lisle and Mr. Taylor had been in the county on a tourof inspection, and had just returnedfrom Mr. Taylor's place, where theyhad been inspecting a bunch of cattle. They were in two machines, Mr.Taylor and Mr. Lisle in a Fordxoadster, and Mr. Pace and Mr.Younger Osborne, of Clark county, ina Buick. The machine in whicnMessrs. Taylor and Lisle were ridingwas in front, while Mr. Pace and Mr.Osborne were in the rear with theirmachine. Mr. Osborne, who was driving the Buick, in some unaccountablemanner, lost control of his car, whichswerved from the road and plungedinto the Ford in front of them, throwing it across the pike, where itcrashed into a wire fence. The forceof the impact caused the machine tobe forced through the fence into asmall clump of locust trees growingnear the edge of the pike. BothTaylor and Lisle were thrown fromthe machine, when it turned over onits side. Mr. Lisle was severelybruised, but not seriously injured.Mr. Taylor also sustained severe cuts-and bruises, but no bones were broken. The car driven by Mr. Osbornecontinued on its way until it strucka tree, when it also turned over. Seeing that the accident was inevitable,Mr. Pace attempted to jump fromthe car, but the sidelong rapid motion threw him out on the pike, lauding on his head. His skull was fractured, causing death instantly. Mr.Osborne remained in his car, and escaped unhurt.Coroner Rudolph Davis was notifiedby telephone and immediately came tothe scene, where he made a thoroughinvestigation. The injured men wer.taken back to the home of Mr. Taylor, where the received attention. Thebody of Mr. Pace was brought in theDavis ambulance to the undertakingestablishment of Mr. Geo. W. Davis,where it was prepared for burial andsent to his late home in Winchester.Mr. Pace was the Reupblican member of the Clark county electionboard and was prominent in the business life of Clark county. "He wasa member of the stock buying firm ofPace & Lisle. He had just been appointed to the position of electioncommissioner by the State ElectionBoard. He is survived by his widow,who was before her marriage Miss-Laura Daniels, of near Winchester,"and four sons, Messrs. Robert Pacestir! W. E. Pace, both of Iowa, JohnD. Pace, of St. Louis, Mo., and Ches-iter Pace, wno resiaeu wnu mo ya.ients at the home near Winchester,also by one sister, Mrs. Mary Risk, ofNicholasville, and five brothers,Messrs. R. F. and Murray Pace, ofClark county. Crittenden Pace, otCovington, and John and ThomasPace, of Illinois.The funeral was held m Winchester yesterday afternoon, with servicesconducted at the family residence.The burial followed in the Winchester Cemetery in the presence of one ofthe largest crowds ever assembled inthe city of the dead.AS TO EXEMPTION.The Louisville Courier-Journal, inits Saturday issue, commenting onthe use or abuse for exemption on account of being farmers, made by somany young men of Central Kentucky, has the following regardingMr. Cassius M. Clay, Jr., of Paris:"Mr. Cassius M. Clay, Jr., one ofBourbon's wealthiest and successfulyoung farmers, a son of the late Cas .oi0 tvt niav nf Auversne Farm, hasjrnnfi to Ft. Benj. Harrison to joinTi officers' Reserve Training Camp."There, are some farmers who wishto be exempted because tney arefarmers. There are some who beg tobe excused from farming when thereis an opportunity to fight. TheClays of Bourbon are likely, in anywar, to be found in that class lastmentioned."LT0 MORE ARIilY OFFICERS FROMCIVILIAN LIFEEnlisted men - of the NationalArmy, National Guard and RegularArmy will be given every opportunityto fit themselves for commission.This is in line with the fixed policyof the Government to take no moreofficers or officer candidates from civillife after the second series of of Officers' Training Camps'now in progresshas been completed. Thfereafter alladditional officers needed - will befound in the ranks of the varbranches of the war army. To carryout this plan, it virtually has beendecided to establish n officers schoolat each ofthe divisional u &c&mDS. Mann TfcfiKSsnowingWT: "!r... hi be senttohMrspecial quuu- ..,- -TEACHERS JFOR COMING SCHOOLTERM. Iine racuity o the Paris City. Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris, Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atSchool, which opened its doors for the master of the Claiborne Stud, near the court, house door in this cityschool term of 1917-1918 'yesterday, this city, and the famous Ellerslie yesterday fifteen shares of the capwill be as follows: T. A. Hendricks, Stud, near Charlottesville, Virginia, ital stock of the Deposit and PeoSuperintendent; Mrs. E. L. Harris, is in recepit of an inquiry by cable pies' Bank, of this city, at an averMiss Blanche Lilleston and Miss Mary : from the British Blooded Stock age of S248 per share. The salesLay ton, first grade teachers; MissesSallie Whaley and MasonTalbott, second grade; Mrs. E. L. Stone and MissBessie. Purnell, third grade; MissesElizabeth Lenihan and Lena Talbott,fourth grade; Misses Daisey Detwilier and Claire Brannon, fifthgrade; Misses Julia Clarke and AnnaFarrell, sixth grade; Miss LavaletteRanson (new) reading, writing andspelling; Mrs. Ada FJshback (new)mathematics and language; MissJessie Crisp, eighth brade, history,geography and civics; Miss FloraRay (new) commercial department.The High School faculty will becomposed of the following: Prof.E. T. Proctor, principal; Mr. ClarkWhite, mathematics; Miss FrancesButler, science; Mrs. E. T; Proctor,English; Mr. Bowers (new) historyand civics; Mr. Burnett (new) manual training; Miss Leora Wiard,music; Mrs. Evelyn Buck, art and Jdrawing; Miss Miriam Curry, physical education and physiology; Mrs.Lizzie Walker, truant officer; W. 0.Fuller, engineer.B S ?9iSEPTEMBER COURT DAY.From a business viewpoint yesterday was not a "good court day," except in the matter of attendance.There was a large crowd on thestreets, but little sto'ck on the market. Although the demand wasgood trading was slow. The countrypeople devoted most of their time todsicussing crops, war and politics.Charles Thompson, of Lexington,bought one pair of mules at $500and one mule at .$200; Dabney Renaker, of Cynthiana, purchased eightweanling mules at $45 per head;Wayne Anderson, of Montgomerycounty purchased a brown saddlemare for $165 and another for $140;Reynolds Letton sold four shorthornsand heifer calf from his herd to E.Wagoner for $750; Lew Taylorbought four fine Southdown bucksfrom A. S. Thompson at $30 perhead; Nathan Bayless bought ofReynolds Letton twenty 100-lb.shoats at $15 per hundred. At M.J. Murphy & Co.'s stock pens sixcows and calves sold for $6T to $85;Gilbert & Powell, of Winchester, sold450 head of mountain sheep at public sale to different purchasers atprices ranging from $11.00 to $11.70per head; Cay wood, Smith & McClintock bought five mules at $175 perhead; Cay wood & McClintock sold 90head of sheep to John Roseberry for$12.50 per head, and 50 head toother parties at the same price.?a 19&NEW SUITS.The new suits are arriving daily.Material and workmanship all thatcan be desired. Give us a call.(It) FRANK & CO.r Pa Ifc PaYOUR LAST CHANCE TO GETSTOCK AT OLD PRICE.This is your last chance to buyBourbon Oil and Development Company Stock at the old price before advance. . . (It)IS fe ISCOMMUNITY GARDEN BOYS HAVEBIG TIME.Thirty-three boys, who have beenoperating the "community garden"on the Spears lot in the old FairGrounds Addition to Paris, were entertained Saturday afternoon at thY. M. C. A. from 2:30 to 4:00, at theinvitation of Lieut. Catesby Spears,who donated the use p the fouracres comprising the garden, alsofurnishing the seed planted by theyoung 'gardeners.The entertainment was in chargeof Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon County Healthand Welfare League, who had superintended the young workers in thefield.Mrs. Minaker was assisted by MissMary Spears, Mrs. Mclntyre, Mrs.M. H. Dailey, Mrs. Isaac L. Price,Mrs. H, A. Power, Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton andMrs. Denis Dundon.Prizes amounting to $25 wereawarded as follows: Wm. Mclntyre,110; Albert Wright, $5; RussellLenox, Jknmie Turner, George Dundon and John Duridop, ?2.50 each,for having made the best showing in-their garden spots. A cap donatedby I. L. Price was awarded to BillieLytle, the youngest boy, and a shirtwaist to Herman Blythe. Marionriiikev was presented with a prizeof $2 by friends who had been mjjterested in his work. ISrrvu t, 04rtvpri a triune in tneswimming pool and other pastimes,and the afternoon closed with refreshments of ices and cakes being.,r;i ropers were sdven for Lieut.c..i fnr Mrs. Minaker, and forMr.wihh Hutchcraft, whphad aidedferWn the work.''PARIS TURFMAN ASKED TO RE-SELL HORSE.Agency, of London, England, as to were made to the following: Fivewhether or not he would resell the shares to Miss Letitia Hedges, atcelebrated English thoroughbred stal- $247 per share; five shares to Robt.lion, Maiden Erleigh. It was fur- Meteer, of Hutchison, at $249 perther stated that the inquiry was share; five shares to Lee D. Smith,made on behalf of Mons. Varipati, a of Cynthiana, at $250 per share.Greek buyer. s j Auctioneer Kenney sold at' theMr. Hancock replied by cabling same place for Master Commissionerthe Agency that he had no desire to O. T. Hinton, the Bourbon countypart with the stallion, and that he j farm of thirty-five acres, locatedwould keep Maiden Erleigh. The J near Shawhan, belonging to the esf amous stallion is expected to arrive tate of the late Mr. William Trabue,in America possibly this jfall. Withhim will come Bessie Melton, a six-year-olddaughter of Melton-BessOrange, by William III; Red Hair, asix-year-old daughter of William Ru-fus-Ragussa,by Cyliene; and Simena's Daughter (eleven-year-old sister of William Rufus and Henry I)by Melton-Simena by Simon.These animals will be placed on theClaiborne farm of Mr. Hancock, nearParis for a time, and later on sent tothe Ellerslie Farm.Mft-THE MELANCHOLY DAYS.Winter is just around the corner.You will soon have to abandon theveranda. Take advantage of our September sale bargains and fix up forwinter. The house needs lots to makeit cheerful during the winter months.Come in and look over the wonderfulbargains we are offering during ourbig September sale.(It) THE J. T. HINTON CO.153 fe ?3iTO BE "ASSISTANT GRAND MARSHAL 'OF BIG PARADE.Judge E. B. January, of Paris, hasbeen officially notified of his appointment as Assistant Grand Marshal ofthe big patriotic parade to be held atthe meeting of the Sovereign GrandLodge of Odd Fellows, which convenes in Louisville, on September 19.Judge January was recently electedfor the twenty-fifth consecutive timeas a representative to the meeting ofthe Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows fromBourbon Lodge, of Paris.t sa -fe pa .mt ATTTF.Tl PATFNTT. i" ii . " -- 41Among the patentsday to Kentucky inventors wasneto Mr. Charles M. Taylor, of Paris,for a tree trimmer. Mr. Tayloj; ishead lineman for the Western UnionTelegraph Company, for this section,with headquarters in Paris.WE KNOW HOWSchool:i:;II II mlI I 111 mlII iffI ft ffl" fJlffgrifiV? .r"Tl itm s2J'All Wool Suits Prom$6$mti $12.00 1-Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. Stylishcut coats that will give that boy the manly; appearancethat every mother wants her boy to have.Mitchell &ZStttson HatsManhattanJCOURT DAY SALES BY AUCTION.. EER KENNEY.R""ikerville, belonging to Ella Moore,to Mr. Frank P. Kiser, of Paris, for$205 per share. At the same timeand place he also sold for the Master Commissioner a house and lot into Richard Kelley, for $202.J Si wOIL COMPANY INCORPRORATED.Articles incorporating the ParisOil & Gas Company havejbeen prepared and forwarded to the Secretaryof State at Frankfort, for approval.The company is capitalized at $20,000, and is composed of the following: John T. Collins, N. Ford Brent,B. A. Frank, James Caldwell, Buckner Woodford, Thoman Henry Clayand J. Elmer Boardman. The company has leases on valuable oil, gasand mineral lands in Warren countyand other proven fields, besides having others on Bourbon and Montgomery counties, where good indicationshave been found.T3 IS taSHARE 35 CENTS NOW PAR VALUE $1.00.Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentStock will be advanced to 35 centspar value, 1.00. . (It)mTHE STETSONIATvFOR PALL.- Stetson's feature hat, becoming toevery man in four fall colors $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Tsa Ea E2iBIBLE CLASS ELECT OFFICERS.The Men's Bible Class of the Christian church, Sunday elected the fol-- ' TfllowilEET -officers tor tn&. ensuing year:granted TnivT!-j;-Kiser, president J. J. Veatch..7.vice-president; E. P. Clarke, secretary; J. M. Smeltzer, assistant secretary; Thomas Kiser, recording secretary; T. A. Hendricks, teacher; W.E. Ellis, assistant .teacher; P. J. 31cCord, treasurer.SuitsForBoysThe time is here when youmust get your boy ready tobegin school, and whether heis the little tot just startingout or the grown up boy,there is not a mother or father that does notwant their boy to look neatand appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives his clothes will notshow as soon as other boys'suits which are not made Jsowell. We are showing suitswith (2) pair3 of trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, reinforcedseams sewed strong and substantial. BlakemoreShirts Ntttltton ShoesDISTRICT BOARD SENDS LIST OPMEN TO GO TO THE FRONT.The local exemption board yesterday ieceived from the District Boardat Lexington the following list oftwenty-four men who will constitutethe men called to go on the armyservice to Camp Taylor. Of thesetwenty-four men between seven andtwelve will be selected to go on thefirst call. The men will be selectedfrom the white list, and none of thecolored men will go until a later call.Notices were mailed out to the menlast night, advising them of the decision of the District Board, andgiving them instructions as to reporting. They will leave in a fewdays. The list is as follows:WHITE.Samuel J. Wiggins,Allie Clay Dettwiller,Frank Nelson Higgins,Albert Milton King,Charles E. Wilson,Robert Mitchell Delaney,Wm. C. Perrin,Robert Lapsley Link, Jr.,James Edward Cain,John Stegall,James B. McBride,Rufus Johnson,Raymond Patton,Merritt Jameson Slicer,Charles R. Mattox. vdpLORED.Orville Lee Britton,Charles Henry Butler, Jr.,Samuel Biddle,Clarence Tiitter,Clarence Henderson, .William Huff,M. C. Meymon,Gus Hicklan,John Hampton.The examination of the last sixtymen summoned before the BourbonCounty Exemption Board in the thirddraftcall was completed Friday afternoon, resulting in the names ofnine men being added to the roll ofhjonor, in waiving exemption claims,while two were discharged as beingphysically unfit for army service.The nine men whose names will beadded to the. others who have expressed a desire to serve their country are:Robert Henry Miller Hadden, Millersburg, Ky.John Mack Miller, Millersburg.Jesse Richardson, "Parfs"Charles Milton Curtis, Paris, R. F.I. No. -l.Simon Stout, Paris, Ky.Stanley Walker Shrout, Clintonville. James Maharney, Shawhan,. Ky.Glenn Rowland, Paris, Ky.Ben Harrison Brown, North Middletown, Ky.Those who were declared physically unfit were Will Kenney Ferguson and Rupert Garrison, both ofParis. The remainder of the sixtymen claimed exemption on account ofdependants or as being industrialworkers.These men, together with the others who have waved exemption andothers whose claim for exemptionmay be turned down by the DistrictBoard, will be sent to Camp Taylor,at Louisville, where they will go intotraining for army service.When the full quota of Bourboncounty men has been raised they willbe assigned to the. 3 26th Feld Artillery, Capt. Shelby T. Harbison andCapt. Clinton M. Harbison, as wellas Second Lieutenant Jos. C. Hobbs,of Lexington, have been assigned toduty with the 326th Field Artillery.This division will comprise the following from Central Kentucky:Faeytte, 50; Lexington (city), 57;Bourbon, 139; Scott, 127; Franklin,4; Owen, 90; Harrison, 117; Grant,71; Pendleton, 58; Gallatin, 30;Campbell, 299; Kenton, 139; Boone,69; Carroll, 63. Total, 1,472.The order authorizing this wasofficially announced Friday by Brig.Gen. Wilder and officially issued byLieut.-CoLHalstead, in command atCamp Taylor.Not much time remains for thedrafted men to remain at honle.Soon they will be leaving for thecamp, and nobody knows how soonthereafter the call may come that willsend them to France. While it is nota cheerful prospect to contemplate itis well enough to let the men inkhaki know at every opportunity thatwe appreciate the character of theservice they have entered upon, andto make these last few days as brightfor them as possible. It will be apleasant memory to them when theybe in the trenches in "SunnyFrance," and the exhibition of such'kindness will, reflect a benedictionupon us.tommHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEThe Bourbon County Health andWelfare League will hold a meetingin the County Court room in inecourt "house at 2:30 o'clock Thursday afternoon, for the transaction ofimportant business. All the memberswho can conveniently do so are remiWed to attend. These meetingswill continue through the year and"will be held on the first Thursdayin each month at the same time, andlplace as indicated above.AMERICA PREPARED FOX AUTGERMAN MOVE. ' .'.Any German attempt to 'nil.submarine frfghtfulness against thUnited States because of PrMMfWilson's reply to the Pope will mtnew and vigorous measures fromLuia country.Defensive and offensive measureagainst the Kaiser's sea pirate recently invented by America's men ofgenius are responsible for the-beliefexpressed at the Navy Departmentthat the U-boats will fail.Some believe Germany may plam.to launch larger submarines thamthe 800-ton type.A secret device for detecting approach of submarines, uje of smokeless coal, a scheme of camouflage,depth bombs and other inYentiomjwill check the Kaiser's revengeful-,ness, theY believe. "The Shipping Board recently let .contracts for three goYernmeat-owm-edyards in which to fabricate 29t 'standardized steel mercantmen.Torpedo boats are conveying mw-chentmen in groups to Europe fromAmerican ports.The Allied navies are adding scoreof new destroy ers the U-boat'a-worstenemy.THE PRESIDENT'S STAND EH-DORSED BY ENGLAND. .Lord Robert Cecil, Minister ofBlockade, indorsed President' Wilson's reply to the peace proposals ofPope Benedict, and said that he waanot certain any further responsewould be necessary.(This is the first official expression,of opinion in regard to tne Preslnane, Mrs. T. C. Hardesty and Mrs."The President's note is a verymagnificent occurrence," said theMinister in his weekly interview withthe Associated Press. "It thrilled usall over here, and the opinions whichI heard expressed by representativesof Allied countries were equallywarm and appreciative. I am certala .that none of tha Allies would be ableto improve upon it, and I am not certain that any further reply will bnecessary."There does not appear to be anything inconsistent as between: thePresident's note and the economic,policy of the Allies as declare'd at 'theParis conference. The resolution ofthe Allies were purely defensivemeasures, and in no way aggressive"fSi fc imDR. DAVID BARROW RETURNSTOririAirnjiun.Sudden changes in the plans of-theformation of base hospital units andthe training of men for this workandas a result Dr. David Barrow,who went to Washington early lastweek en route to New York forspecial work at Rockefeller Institute,has returned to Lexington. His workunder Dr. Carrel at Rockefeller hasbeen postponed until about Septel-,ber 10. -No announcement was made bythose in charge of the formation ofBase Hospital Unit No. 40, duringDr. Barrow's absence, as to any fur- "ther plans, but it is believed that thedefinite organization will be accomplished before Dr. Barrow returns tothe East on September 10.GAME WARDENS BUSY.With the opening of the dove shooting season the State game wardensare on the alert, but" so far have hadlittle to report.State Game Wjarden Geo.-M. Hill.of Paris, was in Winchester andClark county Saturday, looking afterthe numerous hunters in the fields,while Deputy Warden Bush Bishoplooked after Bourbon and other counties inthis section. They state "thatso far they have found no viblatloaof the game laws, the hunters are allprovided with proper licenses andthat there had been but one case re- :ported of hunters killing doves out 6lseason.m te mPARIS ALMOST IMMUNE. .From all" reports there has beea. wpractically an absence of typhoid fever in Paris this year, due in large -partto proper sanitation and goodsewerage connections. The few casesthat have developed have beeaof avery mild nature and yielded qufckly -totreatment.This phenomenal decrease, -cam be yproperly attributed to the fure.wholesome water' supply ami tfci 'splendid sewerage system . witk- ;more extensive knowledge and - ajpjlfcf "cation of the articles of sanitary Hy-ing acquired by our citizens,acquired by our citizens. vNO SLACKERS HERE.Mr. Ben Fishback, of Mt. Vermo,brother of Mrs. Clyde Hufftaam, efParis, has been accepted as a mills ifof the Aviation Corps of the ij. S.Army and has been assigned to dwtyafColumbus, O., in the tfaiaimcamp. Mr. yance Huffmam, lately ofParis, 1s also in ColumVBwkece feeis ia traiming as a member e thaField Artillery. i:1tI-!aA1b-'!fA.i -Hnl.'-&'Anr-X;-Caq&twoTHE B6UHB0N NSWS, PARIS, KY.tpksday, sxptbhubi , hit.i r . -i . J5f f .F-I1LIft!6f iThe Bourbon News1M1 St YMri ofCm-tinuoHt Publication.- jfcttoh4 Every Tuesday and Friday.ic Ytar... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CriAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecaar&cttr, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THE- BOURBON NEWS will be glaafcr corrtoted if "brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?l.oo perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.-The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Maiyistrate L- J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. "Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;-R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephen-, son, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Ghief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Country Paper.One of the most notable facts connected "with the country newspaperof to-day is the large increase in theamount of advertising of local business houses. The change has takenplace gradually and has been markedespecially during the past year ortwo. It is highly significant and aninquiry as to the cause of it is ofgreat profit, not only to those in thenwespaper business, but to every business man and citizen of our town aswell.The change in brief, means thatthe local merchants have found itnecessary to call attention to theirgoods because of the immense competition theyface, the most deadly element of which is that from the greatdepartment stores of the cities. Thesegreat establishments advertise theirwares Javishly, and the metropolitan.newspapers which contain their advertisements are distributed over thecountry, some one paper of which enters into nearly every home. The result is that these metropolitan establishments have built up an immensemail order trade.In Paris, and indeed in most of thetowns around here, there is no occasion for this out-of-town buying(save of course, when you have to golor send to Lexington for your "wet-goods.") The duty of Paris citizens-dn the matter is plain, and where aliv -other things are equal, support should"foe given to the local dealers. Our;mercliants have invested their capitalhere, have erected buildings which,- are almost metropolitan in their.character and service. They have" helped to build up Paris, and it isonly a fair return that they have thecity's trade. To turn trade otherwise,-- ven in the line of small purchases- --which are great in the aggregate, is'to invite the decline of property val--ues in Paris..jit'How has it happened that no onein Paris has offered to provide "our- boys" with a rabbit foot each beforethey start for the front?As To Telephone Talk.Two ladies met at the home of a.mutual friend in Paris, (Ky.), theother day. They had not seen eachother for one whole day, and natur'ally 'they were full of conversation.One of the women lived in the country. In some way the subject of telepaomee came up. They both had'?rty line telephones, those ingenious acaiaes that enable oneto nearall the private convereatlon-Jnteniedfor aome.-ptlr,jj)M;ty ."on the4ina.One of the women, was telling abathow mean someone in her neighlMirhood hai been. To use lier Iowalanguage, this somebody will "talkto some other fool somebody for halfan hour, and never say anything,either, worth listening to, and here Iwill be nearly wild wanting to getthe line to order things from Parisor to tell Tom what I want him tobring home with him. Are you bothered that way?"The other woman replied: "Well,dear, I used to be, but I am not anymore. A friend of mine who is connected With the telephone service toldme how to put on a choker, and I willtell you. You may have noticed thosetwo metal knobs at the top of theinstrument. Well, they are therewhether you have noticed them ornot. Now, when somebody has usedthe line about twice as long as theyshould, I just connect up those twoknobs with a short piece of wire.Then in a minute or two I take offthe short circuit and then I can getcentral. I used to feel as if I wantedto say bad words, but now let thegossips feel that way."There may be a more scientificway of overcoming the difficulty, butto the unitiated, this plan looks simple and good enough. Businesshouses are too often annoyed by thetelephone-user, who deliberatelycamps in front of the instrumentand uses up all the available atmosphere in the room in detailing a lotof "mushy" stuff to some feminineinfant at the other end of the line,while business is "waiting." Raussmid 'em!We have noticed that the few conscientious objectors to the war draftwe have met with in Paris haven'tany objections to the other fellowtaking up a gun and doing the fighting. "The Old Woman."A nice phrase to be used about thedear old soul who kept her vigil overyou in your infancy, kissed awayyour tears in childhood and remained your trusted friend in maturity.Js this all the love you have forthe silver-haired mother who bathedyour scorching brow all through thelong sleepless nights of affliction,when your brain was wild with burning fever? Is there no other term youcan find for her who has followed youthrough every trial, tribulation andmisfortune of your life?Has mother, through all these yearsof labor, watching and wating, beenwasting her love on a worthlessbunch of clay, who, in the rosy dawnof manhood has no other term morefitting than "the old woman" bywhich to address or speak of hismother?Not until the selective draftingact was sprung on the country didwe suspect that there were so manyfellows in Bourbon county and inParis who were dependent uponsomeone else, or who were engaged in"farming" or "industrial occupations." -fepa ISKENTUCKY AND INDIANA TROOPSCONTROL CAMP.Indiana and Kentucky troops arein complete control ofCamp Shelby,at Hattiesburg, Miss. A regiment ofMississippi infantry, which, has beendoing guard duty there, has gone tothe State mobilization camp and theIndiana men took up the guard work.Maj. D. H. Loniax, division Quartermaster, has reported at CampShelby for duty. His division comprises the Indiana, West Virginiaand Kentucky troops and he will havecomplete charge of all the food andfeedstuffs the big cantonment will require. The arrival of Brig. Gen. EdwardM. Lewis, of the Seventy-forth Infantry Brigade, makes four Generalsof the five who have been assigned tothis camp. Gen. Lewis commanded14,000 soldiers on the border, including the Indiana delegation. He wil1have charge of the Indiana brigadeat Camp Shelby.Kentucky hospitality is a byword inCamp Shelby. Maj. Gen. W. H. Sage,commandant of the camp, is the latest comer to feel it. On his arrivalMaj. W. H. Howard, constructionquartermaster, and Maj. JacksonMorris, assistant construction quartermaster, both of them from theBluegrass State, offered Gen. Sagetheir headquarters."No, thanks. You're busy," Gen.Sage objected. ""Wait a minute, General, we'llbuild yours right away," the Kentuckians insisted.Building the headquarters, twobuildings 90 feet long by 25 wide,took a little more than a minute.They were finished by night.m m mCOPPER IS BOOMING.The tremendous war demand forcopper along with labor troubles inqnany producing countries," has madethe fortunes of the owners of activeEuropean copper mines in neutralStates. Certain mines in Spain arethe most striking instance of this.These mines are the oldest in existence. They were known to the ancient Pheonicians, and the Romansused their output in manufacturingbronze armor. Last year they paidtheir owners dividends of over 100per cent.If Kaiser Bill .doesn't "get a wiggle on" that breakfast he had 'prepared in Paris will be getting. cold.PR0iwyciA Tatt and a FIIpMintJFIln at thaCrJtlo and Hta TV- -'Cornea now another, to trouble us 'Inthese days when the wayfarer has already enough bothers to keep him fromlingering overlong in his humble repose. It is a man who has discoveredthat there are 25,000 English wordsmore or less commonly mispronouncedand who would show us how to rescueourselves from the disgrace.By way of illustration he challengesall comers to try to pronounce offhandsuch words as actinism, archimandrite,batman, . beaufiu, bourgeois, brevier,buoy, demy, fugleman, fusil, oboe, rowlock, tassel, vase and velleity. Ho intimates that anybody who can givethem all correctly can' qualify as "a .300hitter in the pronunciation league, butstill has a long way ft go before hereaches perfection.But what of it? An oboe sounds assweet whether one calls it an oh-bowor an oh-boy. If the writer of thisarticle told his printer to set it in boorzhwah type the printer probably wouldcall a meeting of the chapel and insiston a strike vote. You can'call it a vaseor vawze, but it takes a dime to get itfilled, where it used to cost only 5ceuts. As to demy and velleity, mostof us have got along very well for agood many years without writing orspeaking either of them and hope tostruggle along the same way at leastuntil we have a little rest from worryover the high cost of potatoes.The hardest thing about it is to determine which of several schools ofpronunciation is most desirable theLondon, the Melbourne, the Canadian,the Texas, the Massachusetts, the Alabama, the deorgia or the MissouriMoreover, if 2o,000 words are mispronounced most of us are democraticenough to let the majority rule and bewilling to make it unanimous. StLouis Post-Dispatch.AMERICA AWHEELThe Case of Pippkins Will Do to Illustrate the Point."My neighbor, Pippkins, has changedhis manner of vacation," declares Edward Hungerford in Everybody's. "Inother years his annual outing was arather portentous affair. Tbe familybegan to plan it some months in advance. There were railroad andsteamboat and hotel booklets on thelibrary table. When the time cameMrs. Pippkins and tbe girls went to ahuge wooden hotel on the edge of a-lake. They dressed three times a day.When Pippkins ran down on one Friday of each fortnight he boarded ahot, dusty, overcrowded train and rodefor five uncomfortable hours. Theyinsisted that he don a Tuxedo eachevening for dinner. He used to wonder if the game was quite worth thecandle."Today there are no such doubts inPippkins' mind. He has a car so havefour-fifths of the families in our quiPtstreet Pippkins caught the fever early in the game. Today he is a veteranand hardened motorist. He talksearnestly and learnedly of gears andof transmission, and he is superlatively critical of every car except his own.I might write a story upon how thatcar and its predecessors in the Pippkins family have changed their verysoul, but this is not the time nor place.Sufficient is it to say that Pippkins isnow a motor expert, and Dr. Kingdown at our corner says that Pippkinshas grown ten years younger."Mrs. Pippkins and the girls have allbut forgotten when they have been ona railroad train in summer. They livein the family car."Multiply Pippkins all the wayacross the face of the land, and youbegin to have a definite perception ofAmerica awljeel."A Pie Without Flour or Lard.Two and one-half cupfuls cold boiledrice, one-half cupful sugar, one-halfcupful milk, one egg, one teaspoonfulbutter, a pinch of salt, grated nutmegor flavoring to taste, fruit. Brush apie plate with butter and spread thericeven on the plate. Beat half thesugar, the eggmilk, salt and flavoringtogether and pour over the lice. Covertop with halves of canned peaches orstewed dried peaches and sprinkle therest of sugar over .the fruit. Put inmoderate oven and bake thirty-fiveminutes.Any fruit can be used, either fresh,canned or dried stewed fruit. Mrs.Anna B. Scott in Philadelphia NorthAmerican.He Liked It.Jock Russell was a farm servant.One day when Mrs. Brown, the farmer's wife, went into the milk house shefound Jock down on his knees beforea milk pan, skimming the cream offwith his finger 'and putting it in hismouth."Oh, Jock, Jock," she exclaimed, "Idon't like that!""Ah, wumman," replied Jock, "yedinna ken whit's guid for ye." Pearson's Weekly.They Get Busy."I suppose a great many ask for information who have no idea of takinga train?""Yes," said the weary official. "Whensome people spy a free bureau of information there's a strong temptationto stock up." Kansas City Journal.Literature."Dasher your favorite author? Whyhe doesn't average one short story ayear.""Thafs why he's my favorite author." Puck.It is better to say, "This one thing 1do" than to say, "These forty things-!dabble in." T.'..-. AK-7-Wnichii Jktt Ttt ax Mtriaient.aeY Experience.Something new is an experiment.Must be proved to be as represented. The statement of "a manufactureris not convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a badbackA lame, weak one, or aching oneWould you experiment on it?You will read of many so-calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.Its different when the endorsement comes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Paris case.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, Paris,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills off and on for years and havebeen greatly benefited by them. Attimes I have suffered severely withkidney complaint. My back has oftenpained me and has been lame mostall the time. The kidney secretionshave been Joo frequent in passageand have greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been this way, I alwaysfound that a box of Doan's Kidney.Pills have never failed to cure meof the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Poster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv). g Q fgjCAN YOU "CAMOURIXAGE?".For the first American "camourflage" unit, the army: chief of engineers ah sissued a call for enlistmentof "ingenious young men who arelooking for special entertainment inthe way of fooling Germans." It isplanned to organize a company ofcamoufleurs largely from among ironand sheet metal workers, sign andscene planters, carpenters, cabinetmakers, stage carpenters, propertymen, plasters, moulders and photographers. These men will devote their witsto devising artificial means of deceiving enemy observers, particularlyaviators, says a War Department announcement, "wherever a machinegun is set up, or a trench is takenand reversed, or a battery of artillery goes into action, or a new roadis opened, or a new bridge is built,or a sniper climbs -an old building, oran officer creeps out into an advanced post to hear and observe."The literal meaning of camouflage, aFrench music hall term, is "faking." Applicants are asked to communicate with the chief of engineers, WarDepartment.1 P3 rSi ,KENTUCKY'S GREATEST TROTS.Monday, October 1, is the openingday of Kentucky's great trots at Lexington and four races are on the card,among them The Walnut Hall Cup,$3,000 and the Futurity for 2-year-oldswith a guaranteed value of$5,)00. Both promise to be bittercontests, especially that for the"Cup," in which Ima Jay 2:05, EarlyDreams 2:041, Busy's Lassie2: 04, The Woodman 2:0614, Mignola 2:05 and Peter Chenault2:07, are almost certain to cometogether. It is a great card and therailroads will Fell tickets to Lexington at reduced ratea.IS IS"Don't you wish you knew as muchas your children think you do?" "No,I wish I knew as much as my childrenthink they do."Chauffeur Wanted.Good place for a good man. -Referenceas to character and ability required. Call at BOURBON NEWSoffice. (31-3t)NOTICE, Owing to the' high price of feed,labor and other expenses necessaryin conducting a dairy business, theundersigned will increase the priceof milk to 7 cents per pint and 12cents per quart, effective Sept. 1,1917.WOODLAWN DAIRY,(30-2t) . - R .F. Collier, Prop.Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-bid baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading1 to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris,- Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap Iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This 1to be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Callus over the Cumberland phonU7-J.MAX MUNICH,Eigh Street, Paris, Ky.Coct20-lyr -, ---'- fc n i mk. iltiMiaa . ... "i re-jaro ff "- -I M ' 5S-V 51TtENTH-AHNUALKENTUCKY STATE FAIRLouisville, September 10-15, 1917Supreme in Horse Show HistoryChampionshipef America-$10,000.00--$50,000.00-PremiumsTen Big Acts HIPPODROME Bnd of FyGREATEST AGGXEGA.TION OF INDOOR ATTRACTIONS EVER OFFEREDBEAUTIFUL BABY-SHOW PARADEMIDWAY OF MIRTB, MUSIC AND MOVING MASSESRedaced Railroad Rates.CaUUgaM now ready.tP51Are YouProsperous ?Are you riding on a prosperity wave? If you are, layaside some of your pro fits now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank.There have been thousandsof new bank accounts opened inthe oast six months.Are you one of the new depositors? See us toaay about yourbanking. We'll be only tooglad to explain our methods.Farmers' & Traders' Bankg P. KISER, President W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier, xWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper. " iSixth and Main Streets - Paris, Kentucky. JStarting: a Telephone TalkWhen you have called for-a number on the telephone and you hear avoice say, "This is So and So, Mr. Suchand Such speaking," you know at oncewhether you have the right number ornot.On the contrary, if the voice says"Hello! Hello!" you are in the dark, andyou are obliged to waste time in asking.When "called to the telephone al-"ways introduce yourself at.once. It savesall preliminary questioning, and avoids'confusion.When you telephone smileCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporated- BOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.LOST.On the streets of Paris between theresidence of Miss Anna Lyle, on Second street, and Misses Holladay'?store, on Main street, a ladies' blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded byreturning same to Misses Holladay'sor ats this 'office. - (-tf)Fire-GalteiSaddle HorsesPremiuMBAddress FOUNT T. KKEMER, Secretary,Cfi Repablic Balldiar. Loalsrille.XFound.rIn East Paris yesterday a packingcase containing six dozen No. Xlamp chimneys. Owner can. hare sanwibys proving property and pyiffcharges. ' Box' is now at J JO Malmj--j. ' i r3MiX, !"1-i.oors!mil$O-tf.s..v-fN- "7X-ts- h. ''?, - ar5 -lrlJ&--9: sJSJf-i.. .. .'AVH-V-afeTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4,: 1917TOE P6URB0N ?NE1PA3RIS;KT.-v-rff- " i" je,-?- '-4.- , .-jt- - v tjS &K 'S!r ZimzS:mOPENING OP SECOND LIBERTYLOAN OCTOBER 1.The opening of the next LibertyLoan campaign has been set tentatively by the Treasury Departmentfor October 1. Subscription bookswill close November 1, unless the program is altered.The amount, the interest rate, thedenominations of the bonds and otherdetails will be announced after Congress disposes of the pending bondbill.Indications are that the next offering will approximate $3,000,000,000. Whether it will be advertisedby the government through paidnewspaper space is under consideration by Secretary McAdoo, who saidthe cost of such an undertakingwould exceed the appropriation nowavailable for the purpose. He addedthat there could be no action untilmore light had been received as tothe cost of an effective advertisingcampaign and until Congress had decided what amount will be allowedfor advertising for future issues.Under the war revenue bill, passedlast April, $7,000,000 was madeavailable for expense of floating ?5,000,000,000 in bonds and 2,000,000,000,000 in short time certificatesof indebtedness. It is reported thatabout half already has been dispersed in connection with the flotationof the 2,0000,000,000 Liberty Bondsfirst offered and the certificates of indebtedness put out in advance of theloan.In announcing the tentative program for the second campaign Mr.McAdoo appealed to Liberty Loancommittees to perfect their organizations and prepare for the next campaign by getting in touch with thevarious federal reserve banks.PEOPLE SPEAK WELL OP CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have been selling Chamberlain'sTablets for about two years andheard such good reports from mycustomers that I concluded to givethem a trial myself, ancbcan say thatI do not believe there is anotherpreparation of the kind equal tothem," writes G. A. McBride, Headford, Ont. If you are troubled withindigestion or constipation give thema trial. They will do you good.(sept-adv)iB5i mEXPERIENCE IS THE BESTTEACHERIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore to be depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto he a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.(sept-adv)m m JHEREE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO JTHE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach. - - -The liigh cost of all -materials thatenter into -the production of 'newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper; and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP," Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.mm mMARGQLEN3rrSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkYeaiohiiiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Elizabeth Hedges is a guestof friends and relatives in Louisville.Miss Alice- Brooks Bridwell, ofLancaster, is a guest of Miss FrancesRedmon.Miss Agnes Turner left Saturdayfor a two-months' visit to friends inIndianapolis.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Link anddaughter, Hazel, attended the Germantown Fair last week.Mrs. Etta R. Young and daughters 'have returned from a visit torelatives in Winchester.Miss Louise Rogers, guest of MissFlorence Adair Hedges, has returnedto her home in Frankfort.Misses Irene and Alma Collinshave returned from a visit to MissAgnes Kendall, in Frankfort.Miss Augusta Behrman, of Newport, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. J.W. Bacon, on Cypress street.Mrs. E. K. Thomas, who hasbeen very ill at her home near NorthMiddletown, is improving slowly.Mrs. Chas. Green and children,Mildred, Elizabeth and John Green,are guests of relatives in the county.Mr. Wm. C. Erwin, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JackSpratt, at their home on Lillestonavenue.Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein andchildren have returned from a visitto relatives at her old home in Huntington, W. Va.Miss Birdie Falk returned Saturday to her home in Philadelphia,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. LouisWollstein and family.Mrs G. E. Young has returnedto ner nome in juexington arter a Jvisit to friends and relatives in Parisand Bourbon county.Mrs. J. W. Hayden and daughter; Mrs. Robin Horton, have returned to their home in Paris, after apleasant visit to relatives in Stanford.. Mrs. Homer G. Kiser and family,Mrs. Ada Duvall and Mr. StonerKeller, all of near Kiserton, arecamping on the Kentucky river, atCamp- Radio.Prof, and Mrs. E. T. Proctorhave returned from their summer vacation and have taken rooms at thehome of Miss- Clara Bacon for theschool term of 1917-18.Miss Bernice Walker, of Mt.Sterling, Misses -Fannie Rye andAllen Sauer, of Paris, spent the weekend at Shawhan, as guests of Dr.and Mrs. George. Rankin.Mrs. W. T. Redmon arid daughters, Louise and Frances Redmon,have concluded a visit to Mrs. StellaBridwell, at Lancaster, and returnedto their homes near Paris.Miss Sena Ttion is now connected with the Paris Racket Store, having Tesigned her position with theTwin Bros.' Department Store, whichshe held for sixteen years.Mr. George Pappas, formerly ofParis, came hr from .CincinnatiSaturday for a short visit. Mr. Pappaswill enter the Lexington College ofMusic as a pupil in violin under Prof.Bruce Reynolds.Judge J. W. Riley, who has been'in Paris since the death of his son-in-law,Mr. Louis Snell, has returnedto his home in Morehead, accom-panide by Mrs. Snell, who will remainthere for a while.- Prof. C. Prentice Lancaster, whohas been spending the summer vacation in Paris, with his father, Mr.C. J. Lancaster, and brother, Mr.Ullman Lancaster, has returned toHarrison, Ohio, to resume his dutiesas a member oi tne Harrison HighSchool faculty.Winchester Daily Sun: "MrsWilliam Hodgkin, Mrs. A. G. Lock-nane, Mrs. T. C. Hardesty. and Mr.sjJos. Phillips composed a Winchester-party who .recently motored to Lexington and Paris .... Misses MaryWalker and Nannette Arkle, of Paris,are-the guests of MrsrW. F. Pirinelland Miss Ruth Pinnell.Mr. and Mrs. Orie Smith, whoreturned last" week fronv their bridaltour, were given a "'miscellaneousshower" at their new home on Highstreet, by a number of friends.Many handsome- and1 useful articles'were -bestowed-on the newlyfweds bytheir friends, who followed up theirgifts by personal congratulations andgood wishes.(Dther Personals on Page 5.)TO THE FARMERS OF KENTUCKYThe Agricultural Department atWashington, D.C., is calling upon theCommissioners of Agriculture andother agricultural forces throughoutthe United States, earnestly pleadingwith them to use their influence toward increasing the acreage ofwheat sown this fall; and since it ismost ' imperative that Kentuckyshould increase her 1917 acreagesown, I beg of each land owner inthis Commonwealth to see that hisfall sowing is increased fully 25in acreage. Not only is this appealmade to the farmer in the nature ofa "war appeal" and a Patriotic effort, but it is a duty each farmerowes to his own household to produce an adequate supply of the necessity of life for the sustenance of thatfamily, and under the existing warcondition, his obligations towardhelping feed our allies should bejust as paramount and just as eagerly performed as is the debt andduty he owes to his own family.Kentucky for the past few years hasbeen producing annually aroundeight million bushels of wheat and itis estimated that ten million bushelsof wheat are consumed each year bythe people of this Commonwealth.Therefore, in order to do our"mite" during this serious crisis, Ibeg of the Kentucky people to decrease the supply of wheat usuallyACOMMON SCHOOL EXHIBIT AT'iSTATE FAIR. ,Although little has been writtenabout the common school exhibit atthe State fair this year, no department of the fair will be more com'pletely or fully developed than thecommon schooj exhibit. Jesse O.Yancey, of Maysville, superintendentof the Mason common schools, willhave charge of the departments. Sheholds that modern education is adoing rather than a learning processand that this exhibit will offer theteachers an opportunity to motiqatetheir school activities through practical work. """In a letter to the county school!superintendents she says that the exhibit will be of educational value tothe State by suggesting to the teachers new projects and stimulation toput forth an effort to standardize thework, It is expected that the prizewinners at a large majority of thecounty fairs will send their exhibitsto the State Fair.- pi 12 &ELECTION COMMISSIONERS NAMED BY STATE BOARD.County Election Commissionerswere named Friday by the Board ofElection Commissioners at a meeting held in Frankfort. These countyelection commissioners will elect theofficers of election for the Octoberregistration and the November elec-consumed at .least two million bush- tion. A. T. Siier, 0f Williamsburg,els; and to the farmers of this Stateto do their utmost in producingtwelve million bushels in 1918,which will give our Allies the magnificent amount of four million bushels, and which is nothing more thanwe should do for those brave warriors who are to-day fighting thebattle for the world's freedom.Do not let the high price of seedwheat influence or prevent you fromsowing an increased acreage, nordoubt not for a minute but that thegrowing of wheat will be a profitableas well as a patriotic effort, even ifthe war were to close to-morrow. Icannot believe that the farmers ofthisrState fully realize the seriousness of the situation, and I thereforecall upon them and assure them thatevery pulsation of the heart of everytrue American citizen is throbbing,and most crying aloud for a greaterincreased production of. this stapleproduct. Mr.Farmer, won't you pleasedo your part?MAT. S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.m-wmDRAFTED MEN WILL NOT HAVETO LEAV& Sa SOON.THE OLD-HOME LIFE.No boy, no girl, can ever come tobe utterly bad who remembers onlylove and tenderness and sweetness asassociated with father and mother inthe old time home. Give them manlyand womanly example, give themtraining, give them the inspiration ofdevoted lives, give-them these higher,deeper things. Do not care so muchas to whether you are accumulatingmoney, so that you can. leave them afortune. Wte really believe thechances are against that being aolessing for a boy. But leave theman accumulated fortune of 'memoriesand inspirations and examples andhopes, so that'they are rich in brainand heart and soul.AMERICA'S RICHEST TROTTINGPRIZE?The Kentucky Futurity; worth14;000, America's richest prize' fortrotters; -will be defcHfed'to thVLex-ington trots October 2, atffcOtheLrace:promised to he one of the most bril--anton record. AmgteiHgible to start are The Real Lady2T04 U . Harvest Gale 2 : 05 U . MiMBertha' Dillon 205, Leonard2:073? Emma v Magowan 2:QJ3fflT$citi277tt, Worthy Volo 2:08,ii:tSaMGuire2: Kelley TDe-TprestVlO, MarCouni 210Under the new orders, issued fromWashington, five per cent, of n thewhite men, preferably those withmilitary experience, from each localarea, will be started forward to thecamp on September 5, instead ofthirty per cent. They will go in fivedaily detachments of equal size andform skeleton company organizationsand set up a strong concern intowhich the remainder of the totalquota can be absorbed without confusion as they reach the cantonments5. The next forty per cent, of thequota will go forward September 19,when the 'second thirty per cent,originally-was scheduled to go. Asecond forty per cent, will go forward October 3, instead of the thirdthirty per centt and the remainingfifteen per cent, will be called assoon as practicable.Local boards are directed to disregard order of liability'f-numb'ers tosome extent in selecting the first fiveper cent., as men of experience suchas cooks and, former sdldferejSare desired at that time. Warning isgiven,. however, against getting intothis levy by reason of his experienceany "man who might not otherwisehaveheeh included in the first increment, of the district at all.the Republican member of the Commission who was appointed by Governor Stanley, and R. C. Oldham, ofWinchester, the Democratic commissioner, selected the county electioncommissioners. . ' -The commissioners named for Bourbon county are Wm. F. Talbott, Democrat, and H. Clay Howard, Republican. . ya 1EI3. l!!LGREAT FAITH IN CHAMBERLAIN'SCOnC AND DIARRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and bytaking three doses he was absolutelycured. He has great faith in thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. Williams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv) -mmNot every man who has senseenough to mind his own business' iswilling to let it go at that.EverybodyKnowsHendricksTelephone 2585Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiifactio-by having their worn and soiled. garments cleaned by us. - Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new; Inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely, satisfy you:i A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEAMEiHome Phone 1692luiiiiMiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiit'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiniijiiitiiiiiiiiiirililTiiiiiiiiiia. .WBIhH'H bBV1i T I aTl; '' T' nf"Bb Br Bfl'VlBMBf BVm ABk aiHe t BV BaDOT.jup jhhV ay!? aaHifXBaaBBHicBWx BBH vBBBl to mf&imimINDIANA SOLDIER PERFORMSDANGEROUS FEAT.Robert Bradshaw, 22 years- old,member of Indiana National Guard,stationed at Evansville, Ind., whoscaled the wall of the court house andthen climbed to the top of the flagstaff, a distance of 280 feet, repealed the feat oh a wager in the presence of over 2,000 people. -When hereached the top of the staff Bradshawwrapped the folds of the .flag aroundhim and waved atjthe crowd below.Bradshaw says when the Americantroops reach Berlin he hopes to beone of them and that he will climbto the top of the German government building and remove the flagq Imperial Germany.IMMENSITY OF IT. S. WAE PBEPARATIONS ABE SHOWN. - -Some idea, of the immensity ofAmerican's preparations for the greatwar may be gained from a glimpseafforded of what' is being done inChicago alone.' .u Accdrdlngto statistics of'the As"sociatibri of Commereft'vthp; armyquartermaiter during the last thirtydaye gpnt:. approximately $10,0,0 0 On-000 in Chicago lor iooa, doming ana4quipment. Im-the next thirty daysit will spent3$Zir0,000t000 more forthe cntoniiM4 at Rockf'ord, 111.,:Battle CreelcMiaJ.,'aid Chillacoth$Ohio. Imdai dSai the governmentbought Y,0p'0;,0.CL0 ppunda .qtbaooand a;50MP0,po.uridaof ipnr.JIWm:;."For Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies9 and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, EtcNew, Stylishfalli. .l.Vi..flatsJUST ARRIVED!SE'THEKfrHATSoueNew GoodsARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come' andsp'ect our stbdk!"- tWe Sell Ladies' Home Journal Patterns. 10-15c; None Higkefr. fH1 1 H IK '$ ' 1 1 If i II' t it 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 MUMm-- -afr U!ii ijF I N A Lk LaVo mmrCUTPR C E Sj".'"ON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the' lot Values'up.-to $10.00. Take your pick.-. t-1 .,,,I JAbout 20 Pongee Suits (Mostly Large StaesJ..:5e?-.7;iJtmai-.-.f'ZAJ:-- 2li .. rr'W'T t . . -Unrestrljetedhoice'MiistrawHats i.0Oj 76c Sport Shirts. .' ..Sjap.vAll- Genuine: Panamas? ....:.. . -. ...... J2-. 7 5 Odd Palm Beach Coats . .......... ;. , JHQJJGet Our frj;ea bv Article Not Mentioned Above..- Ss.il-. v. tt , r ,& t .fti" tC. At . jsTJLgJlktElii-L2l.alI -i li . BVI Twin 4J ClothhiE aiuJ Sh Det. I.- Ier4ii!ftittMof threTeatT Imd good .JiftseaPpre-iitot4lonrwitRrMfe;notl?tlurt it wJU be the: heat TtiturityImw 300 atKcraphwi kmiid omimmmmz-i ; nm, m&wmir$rtai?m i a-'- M --J- JfetEmmiitmmmmmiimk5SLJlOFOKTHE BOURBbN NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 11.. J yIII iIfI-f.iU-i1ArVThe Bourbon NewsBttabliehed 188136 Years of Continent Publication.ubllshtd Every Tuesday and Friday.For Year. . .$2.00 Six Months. . .$1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor' and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poftoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)SECRETLY WEDDED JUNEJUST ANNOUNCED.28,Secretly wedded in Lexington, onJune 28, at the home of the officiating minister, Hev. Mark Collis, theannouncement of their marriage hasjust been made public by Mr. andMrs. J. M. McKee, the hridegrcfcmof Paris, and the bride, who was before her marriage Miss Mary Rou--lette,of Winchester.The marriage was witnessed byMr. and Mrs. Dorie, of Winchester,and Mr. and Mrs. Dorie Scott, ofParis7 uncle and aunt of the groom.Nd intimation of the wedding hadbeen given even to their closestfriends until Saturday, when, theyoung couple going to the train together for a trip to Louisville, toldfriends of the happy event.Mr. McKee is a son of Mrs. W. A.McKee, of Paris, and is in the employ of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad at Winchester, where he ishighly regarded by his fellow-workers.He was transferred for a whileto Paris. He "has been assigned toduty at Winchester where he and hisbonny bride will make their home inthe future. Mrs. McKee is thedaughter of Mrs. Gertrude Roulette,of Winchester, and a most accomplished and attractive young woman.pS 5 "PSHUNTING LICENSESHUST BE RENEWED. Hunters obtaining hunting licenseslast year will have to renew them orpay the penalty for hunting withoutlicense..- According to Bourbon county game wardens, the greatest number jof law violations are those inwhich the men do not realize -thattheir licenses must be renewed eachyear. The hunting license expires inJaauary of each year, no matterwhen it was obtained.The best way out is to see CountyClerk Pearce Paton, pass your dollarorer the" counter and get your license.You'll not need another one untilnext spring, then.m m mPUBLIC SALE OP SHEEP.At the stock pens of M. J. Murphy& Co., Saturday afternoon GeorgeD Speakes sold for Mr. C. T. Faulkner, of Winchester, four hundredhead of good mountain sheep, at thefollowing figures:Two hundred head to J. W. Leach,of Georgetown, at $13.25 per head;fifty head to Lang Bros., of Cynthiana, at $13,000 a head; fifty headto M. J. Murphy at $11.00 per' head;forty head to Martin Doyle, of Paris,for $12.60 a head; fifty to M. J.Murphy at $10.60 a head, and fortyto same, at $11.00 a head.REAPPOINTED TEACHERThe Clay's Cross Roads countyschool, will again be in charge ofMrs. Birdie Clay Webb, who so successfully conducted the school in thopast terms. The school term will begin on Monday, September 10, whena large attendance is expected.SpecialGut Prices!To close out oureitirc stock ofChinawareGlasswareandCraniteware.r,V!' r-vTolorerr y- t J-fc? 'NtsYoctC&l&jtfe - mm r .mwBACK PROM THE NAVY. PARISMAN TIKES THE UFE.W. O. (Bradley) Pennington, oParis, who is now a "tar" on UncleSam's mighty ship, the "Oklahoma,"stationed somewhere on the Atlanticcoast, arrived here Saturday night, ona ten-days' furlough. Mr. Pennington is greatly pleased with life in thenayy. The Paris boys have beenseparated since being assigned to theships.Edward Doty is still on the Nevada,"Buddy" James, who has been on theFlorida, is awaiting orders to join aship en route to France, while Ed.Fitzpatrick, formerly of THE NEWSoffice force, who was a shipmate ofPennington on the "Oklahoma," islearning to operate a linotype in theship's printing department.Mr. Pennington says the Paris boysare all in the best of health and enjoying life to the veryfullest. Theyhave become duly impressed with theresponsibility attached to them asUncle Sam's men and are appreciating the advantages they could neverhave had as civilians.BACK HOME AGAIN.Mr. James B. Fee, former Parisian,is here from his big ionche near Merriam, Kansas, on a visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, after atwo-years' absence.Mr. Fee is manager of a big fruitranche owned by a Kansas City corporation from which- thousands ofbarrels of fruits are shipped annuallyKo the big markets of the West andMiddle West. The ranche is also contributing its share of food product?- Jncreasi its acreage of whG&tand corn. Motor tracier, plows werUsed ill breaking up the ground andin planting seed, the work being conducted even at night, when electricsearchlights of high power were usedin assisting the drivers o "the steelmules." Wheat harvesting was alsocarried on by motor-driven apparatusMr. Fee says Kansas is no longer"bleeding Kansas," but a lire, progressive, hustling State, where "everybody is busy and employment couldbe found for hundred! of $arm handsand other laborers.Mr. Fee said that a short ttme agohe saw an old Paris favorite, Schene-berg, who pitched for the Peris teainin the Blue Grass League m isiu ana1911. "Scheney" still had his pitching arm, and was at that time playing with the Columbus team. Heinquired very particulary concerningParis people and said he hoped hewould get a chance to come over sometime for a visit. Scheneberg is nowpitaching for the Rochester team inthe New York State League.PUBCHASES SHELBY TARM.Dr. Frank L. Lapsley and Mr. Osslan Edwards, of the Paris RealtyCo., have returned from Shelbycounty, where they have been on business. While there Dr. Lapsley purchased the Rodman farm containing232 acres, located on the Louisvilleand Shelby county "highway." Thisfarm has been used for the past fifteen years as a certified dairy farm.Possession will be given January 1,1918. He will move to the propertyat that time..Dr. Lapsley some time ago sold hisBourbon county farm on the Hume& Bedford pike, to Mr. Wm. D. McIntyre, of Millersburg.m m iTHE WEIGHT DANCE.The dance given at the MasonicTemple, in this city, last night 'byJohn M. Stuart and Charles Spears,was one of the decided social eventsof the season.There was a large attendance fromthe city and county, with a liberalsprinkling of out-of-town visitors.The music for the occasion was furnished by Wright's Saxophone Orchestra, of Columbus, Ohio, and wasfully up to expectations. With thebeginning ot the school season theseevents will become rarities on account of many of the participants returning to their school studies' in theschools and universities of this andother States. But those who werethere last night will remember the"WJright dance" as being one of themost enjoyabfcrthey have ever attended. fen m 1B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm i mLIGHTNING HITS CHURCH, KILLING BOY."Let us sing, "Throw Out the LifeLine," said Pastor Neusam at thesecond annual home-coming of Christian' Church, near Rocky Ford, Ohio,Sunday afternoon. As the tune wasstarted a bolt of lightning struch thechurch, creating panic among thehundreds present, scores of whomwere knocked down. Balls of firerolled about the room. Two horsesnear the church were knocked down.The bolt of lightning instantly killedEdward Jenkins, 12 year old whosehome was at Wilkins Corners, andErnest Cochran, 27, a Newark laundry man, was rendered- unconscious.-Fred Ridenbaugh 8 rears old, son1of Austin Ridenbaugh, whose handrestednipoi. Cochran's shoulders, was? ,v-mFltf9y-VHV MM mhMJINIkWM mm999GETTING BEADY POR THE AS' SESSOR.County Assessor Robert M. Gilkeyand his deputies are getting ready tomake the Bourbon county assessmentfor this year. The assessment thisyear under the new law will be-muchlarger than it was labt year, and theassessor will be paid on a differentscale, which means that his salaryfor this year will be much largerthan it has ever been since he hasbeen in office. The new assessor whowill take his office in January willbe the highest paid assessor thecounty has ever had.The new form of assessor's blankresembles the much-talked of Chinese puzzle. Two blanks have to bemade out for each person, and thewhole number of questions to be replied to cover twelve pages. Thereis as much or more paper in the two.blanks as there is in this issue ofTHE NEWS. The high cost of printpaper seems to have been lost sightof when the blanks were prepared.Mr. Gilkey asks that the tax-payersbe ready for him when he cqmes tosee them with this big blank. Therewill be lots of places where he willhave to "stop over for dinner andhorse feed."jsa 1 lPARIS PROPESSOR TO ASSISTJOURNALISTIC SCHOOL.INPreparations for a banner year arobeing made by the -Department ofJournalism of the University of Kentucky. Enoch Grehan, of the Herald,head of the department, has obtainedthe services of Prof. John Price, of)Paris, to act as instructor in the literary course that is made a feature ofthe second year's training. The de-:partment which enrolled nearly ahundred" students last year expectseven larger classes this year.Mr.. Grehan, who is on the buildingcommittee of the University, hasturned part of his attention in thisline to his own department and hascompletely changed the style of thehalls and "editor's office" of the"news" rooms. The "reporters" quarters remain unchanged.m IBi IBsCAUGHT IN "DRAG NET."fc In an effort to suppress selling ofliquor to soldiers in uniform in Lexington, the city and military authorities started a vigorous campaign inthe business district Saturday, whichresulted in ten arrests.Among those picked up in the raidwas Harry Metzger, of Paris. Metzger is alleged to have sold beer froma basket in the toilet room of theLeland Hotel, without even havingasked permission of the proprietor toenter the house. ,Metzger was taken by a details of.the provost guaTd before Provost Marshal Capt. Otto Holstein. He toldCapt. Holstein that lie "neither soldnor gave the beer to the soldiers. 'He declared that he sat the basketdown and the men took the beerwhile his back was turned.te HaATTENTION, U. R. K. OP P.There will be a special calledmeeting of A. J. Lovely Company,Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias,at their Castle Hall, corner of Thirdand Main streets, at 7:30 o'clock,to-morrow (Wednesday) evening,September 5. Business of great importance. A full attendance of themembers is urged.W. W. DUDLEY, Captain.m i iWINN PAMHY HOLD ENJOYABLEREUNION.The reunion of the Winn familyheld last week near Winchester atthe beach on the Kentucky River wasone of the most enjoyable events ofthe season. The members took bothdinner and supper on the beach, andthe hours werevery jmerrily and enjoyably spent. Those present were:Mr. and Mrs.Chas. White and threesons, Charles, Robert and 'James;Mrs. White Varden, Mrs. James McClure and two granddaughter, NellWinn and Elizabeth Hinton; Mr. andMrs. D. C. Lisle and sons, Claiborneand D. C. Lisle, Jr., of Paris; Mr.and Mrs. Rufus Lisle and their guest,Mrs.' C." F. Maurer, of Lexington;Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Winn, of Alabama, and their four children, Nicholas, Julia, Sam and Ann Winn; W.P. Winn, J. P. Winn and Miss NellBush Winn, of Winchester.m to toTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CitvCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.HANCOQK'S EMBROIDERY ENTERED IN BIG STAKES.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of theClaiborrie'Stock Farm, near Paris, hasentered -his famous chestnut mareJmbroideryf-in the" Louisville Cudrace to-be run at the Douglas Parktragic iir" Louisville, arir in the LatoniLajDup.raceTtoberunat the LJ?nl. -C , Doutlag Palfcmettin biW:.Septmlw:2eand thei-woia,,riiici)efittTo.pctolw.;ij.Shadow Lawn, owned by Mr. J. HalWoodford, of Parte, is idso entered 1b..For SaleOne five-year-old horse. Gentleand sound. Inquire ofJOHN CHRISTMAN,(4-2t) Paris Greenhouses.Stoves For Sale.Will buy your second hand stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. CallHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J. ELVOVE.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second, streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It ia a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thepurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JEESE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Main Street.THE FAIRFriday Only2 quart White EnameledPans10cToilet Paperper roll.Matchesper box5c5cWe are doting out our IceCream Freezers at half price.Best make on the market.It will pay youlOrCtnt Counter.to visit ouriTHE PAIRIS$AijerlctirD0y" (Rothes" Experience teaches that people seldom hit a man when he is down.They usually jump on him. ' ..NEW THINGS POR PALLnHE BOYS STORE- of Clothing and Furnishings for Fall. Mothers, lathers and their boys will welcome these new exhibits. Everything is bright and new. The usual attractivevalues prevail.XmoncanOur Suits are designed and made for the sturdy American boy; and' in stylishworkmanship and wearing quality they reign supreme. They are tailored in pureWorsteds, Fancy Scotches, Cashmeres and Serges in fancy browns and greys,- overplaids and stripes andpleats over shoulders, belted and pinch backs are the6 to 18 years.jtThis department is complete in every detail.. Caps and Hats are to be foundhere in new shapes, colorings and patterns. Waists and Shirts have been selectedin a wide variety of patterns and colors. -R.iJ?''!&4.'Seektk ?&ComingAttractionsARISTUESDAYBryant Washburn in"The.GoldenIdiot"a fascinating comedydrama by Robert RuddWhiting. Essanay production. Helen Holmes in the14th episode ofThe Railroad RaidersHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.T. W. SPICERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FalljlushMainStreet, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES-The Bays'StoreNOW READY WITHnow invifos general attentionffiovyrich plain color tones in solidWonderful Values, Ranging From$5.00 to $12.50Boys9 FurnishingsWftLSH&,ft,.ONE-PRICE STOiEGRAND AND ALAMOWEDNESDAY.Louis J. Selzfckpresents NormaTalmagdge in"Poppy?!a photodrama that tells, of a road tohappiness through blood and tears. Agrilliant young star and an all-sta?cast. Alamo afternoon and Grandin evening. No advance in admission.Alamo in evening, Blanche Sweetin an adaption of F. HopklnsonSmith's celebrated novel, "The Tidesof Barnega," produced by Lasky.Also Burton Holmes' Travel Pictures.)yyerte'T8oy" (Jiotbto it6 splendid assortment f(Clothesgreens and blues. Boxattractive models. SizesvN2r-'v?f V-' -."v.----!r1 ."M.If"3? fesf?-- -"Pf "WW MWWU!? tea vLaI mw "" . . - 2 ..PiMteMteietaetmtt' "&3t sir):7:-r V'rejr-c-!if5(iTUESDAT, SEPTEMBER 4, 1917.jSftCKi)r-'THE BOf RWto NBVS, PARIS, KY..Jt&KiPAG1 fffilFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEOPEN TILL 6 O'CLOCK.r,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.outings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.' Onstore6 p. m(It). -Mr. Kirby Clinkenbeard, of Lexington, was a guest, nf t t atomn-i i -- uui ict&t wees.FRANX & CO.Fs la JSTETSON ?IL EATS.Every good color in many .newshapes. See display of new styles4.50, ?5 and $6'.J. W. DAVIS & .CO.jo is paBACK TO SCHOOL. -The streets of Paris were filledyesterday morning with children,books under arms, returning to theirschools for enrollment in the comingschool term. Some appeared Nhappyand some did not. Prospects aregood for a large attendance at all theschools this season.1 1 feBUY NOW BEFORE TOO LATE; ADVANCE IN PEICE SOON.Buy Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany's Stock now to save the advance in price. (It)Ba isENORMOUS SAVINQ ON RANGESAT FARMERS SUPPLYCOMPANY.forA $65.00 cast range now47.50, guaranteed for 20 years.., FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.1 im ISAPPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.Mrs. Myrtle Riley Snell, of Paris,has been appointed by the CountyCourt as administratrix of the estateof her husband, Mr. Louis Snell,who died in Paris about two weeksago.Mrs. Snell accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in thesum of $6,000, with Mrs. J. W.Riley as surety.REVENUE-ASSIQNMENTS.Collector Percy Haley has announced the following assignments ofstorekeepers and .gaugers for Bourbon, county in the Seventh KentuckyDistrict for September, in the revenue service:No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co.,Paris: John A. Logan, storekeepergauger in charge; B. B. Pollitt, additional. te fe teFRESH OYSTERS.Fresh oysters stewing and fryingsizes. The first of the season. Theseare fine, fresh, stock and are sellinglike hot cakes. Served in all stylesat all hours.(4-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.15 1 1. HONEY, HONEY.We have 'the finest lot of honeyever purchased. The most economical sweet to buy.(4-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.SECOND KENTUCKY SOLDIERSARRESTED HERE.Charles McKenna, Green Harrisand Olin Collins, members of Company B., Second Kentucky Regiment,were arrested in' Paris yesterdaymorning by Patrolman Geo. W. Judyupon a notice from Capt. J. V. Gross.The men were charged with leavingtheir company and regiment atCamp Stanley, at Lexington, without having secured permission. Capt.Gross came to Paris and took themen back to Lexington with him.S0MESECTI0NS STlfxNEEDRAIN.and after September 1st, our, Miss Mabel Temp in has returnedwill be open every day until i f rom a visit to Mrs. Fred Wolcott ini.f Saturday till 9 p. m. (It) Winchester. wuicott, inMiss Susie Connelly, of Ludlow,i? r-fest of Mr- and Mrs- GeorgeMcWilliams.Miss Frances Hancock is improving, after an operation for removingtonsils and adenoids.Mrs. Hiram Redmon and children, of Frankfort, ar.e guests of Mr.and Mrs. A. P. Bryan.-Mr. and Mrs. Cochran Mitchell,of Louisville, are guests of Mr. BuntBuchanan and family, near Paris.Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey have asguests at their home on Second streetMr. and Mrs. I. N. Phipps, of Kansas.Miss Essie Saloshm, of Paris, hasentered the training class for nursesat Norton Infirmary, in Louisville.Mr. Ernest Darnaby, of Clintonville, has gone to Ft. Thomas, wherehe has volunteered for army service.Misses Lena and Mattie Whaleyhave returned from a visit to friendsin Nicholasville and North Middletown. Mrs. George Adair has arrivedirom Jb'ensacola, Okla , for a visit toher mother, Mrs. Julia Houston, nearParis.Miss Lucy Hunter, of Winchester, is a guest of Miss Mabel Teniplin, at her .home on South Mainstreet.Miss Mary Herndon, of Georgeton, will arrive Friday to be the guestof Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig for abrief visit.Mr. Charles Peddicord left forLouisville, Sunday, where he will remain several days, visiting friendsand relatives.Mrs. Byron Jett and Miss AdaJctt. of Richmond, are visiting Mrs.Jett's daughter, Mr.-?. Clarence Elmore, in Paris.Mrs. L. W. Liver, of near Clintonville, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where ' she wasbrought Friday.Mrs. George McWilliams anddaughter, Miss Mary, have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Thomas Cunningham, in Versailles.Mrs. James Tucker, of Huntington, WestVirginia, is a guest? of herdaughter, Mrs. Thos J. Jones, inNorth Middletowfi.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. McGinnisand Miss Carrie Roberts, of Frankfort, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.McGinnis, near Paris.Misses Princess and Sallie Whaley have returned from a delightfulouting spent at Camp Daniel Boone,on the Kentucky river.Mrst Sabel and daughter, MissRachel Sabel, guests of Mrs. LauraSkilfman, near Paris, have returnedto their home in Louisville.5rMr. CO. Hinton has returnedfrom the Good Samaritan Hospital InLexington, where he underwent a-sugrical operation several weeks ago.Mr. and Mrs. Andrew.Dykes havereturned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Mr. Wm. Rionrand family and Mr. John Towles andfamily.Miss Betsy Ray has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Beatrice Johnson,in Toronto, Canada, and will resumeher classes in piano at her home onHiggins avenue.Mr. Elgin Dalzell, of near Paris,has gone to Norfolk, Va., where hewill enter the training class for recruits in the Norfolk Training Station of the U. S. Navy.Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Darnaby andMr. Ray Shipp have returned to theirhomes in Clintonville after an autotrip to Cincinnati, where they wereguests of friends and relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. Eaton, ofCovington, and Mr. and Mrs. GreenFenley, of Washington, D. C, areguests of the Misses Holladay and Dr.and Mrs. Chas. G. Daugherty.Mr. Ivan Kelley, formerly ateacher in the North MiddletownBusiness and Classical College, is nowin the Officers' Reserve Corps, in thesecond training class at Ft. Benj.Harrison.Dr. M. Hume Bedford, who Isnow in the service of the UnitedStates government as chemist in thegovernment labaratories in the navydepartment at Philadelphia, is a guestof his mother, Mrs. Maria Bedford,on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour anddaughter, Miss Alice Barbour, of St.Matthews, and Mr. and Mrs. RobertK. Smith, of Dayton, Ky., are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell,on Pleasant street.Miss Belle Horton is a visitor inCincinnati for to-day and to-morrow.She will be joined there by Mrs.Fielding Gordon, of Nashville, whowill accompany her home for a week'svisit. Mrs. Gordon was formerly MissRuth Morgan, of this city, who hasbeen visiting in Detroit for the pastmonth.Mr. and Mrs. Herndon Wallerleft Saturday for Georgetown. Mr.Waller, who was assistant secretaryof the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,vho has been accepted in the armydraft service, expects to be called forduty soon. Mrs. Waller will remainat her old home in Georgetown during Mr. Waller's absence.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedfiom Cornell University, at Ithica,New York, where she has been takinga special course of study, and willresumed her dutiesas instructor inLatin At Transylvania University atthe opening of the fall term, She hasbeen engaged to substitute for Prof.Delcamp; who is now at Chicago Uni-versity.Misses Eleanor and Lula ChampeLytle arrived home Sunday fromCincinnati, rXhere -they ,-haye $eenbee visiting Mr; - and MrBJHenry..- -jiv Mrs.. Murray Hor-X1 U1UL u j r-, ,.. - Z i.'-..--ffv-HtJi-lfr.- andtMrs; jruan;T6car,ttioAlthough the the greater part ofBourbon county has had go.od rainsduring the past several days, whichhave greatly helped the growingcrops, it is understood that in somesections of this and adjoining counties, the farmers are still badlyneeding rain.The tobacco crop in most sectionslooks- very good, while prospects forcorn are better than they have beenfor several years. With high pricesprevailing it seems the farmer shouldfeel content and live easy.HOW'S YOUR DINING ROOM LOOK?During our September sale we areoffering exceptional values in diningroom suites. Now's the time to "fixup" your most popular room in thehouse. See us before you buy wesave you money. Big bargains on furniture for every room in your homethis month.lt) THE J. T. HDNTON CO.ships and interned German ships inNew York harfror;Miss Nancy Cooper has returnedto her 'home in Midway, after a visitto friends and relatives in Paris.Mrs. Julia Beauchamp, of ElReno, Oklahoma, is spending thesummer with her nephew, James S.Douglass.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. H. Thompsonand Mr. Jas.. Thompson, Jr., arrivedhome Sunday after a two-weeks' vacation in camp at Boonesboro. --Mr. John Harris Clay, of Paris,attended the "patriotic dance" givenin Sower's Hall, in Frankfort, lastweek, by the young ladies of the'eity.Mrs. Jas. Douglas and son, JamesDouglass, Jr., have returned from adelightful visit with her sons, Wal-1lace and Marion Douglass, in Middlesboro. Mrs. J. T. Martin and Mrs. Chas.Wilmoth have returned from a pleasant visit to Mr. and Mrs. Charles Barnett and Mr. and Mrs. Clark Barnett,in Taylorsville.Mr. and Mrs. Clark Barnett, Mr.and Mrs. Charles Barnett. of Taylorsville, and Mrs. Charles Wilmoth, ofParis, visited friends and relatives inLouisville, last week.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Allen, Mrs.Ben Wright, Mrs. Thomas MeGee andMrs. John Sharp, of Sharpsburg, wereguests Sunday of Mas. W. H. Fisher,returned home Monday morning.Mrs. Louis Saloshin, Mr. JacobSaloshin, of Paris, and their guests,Misses Benckhart and Terrill, of Lexington, motored to Louisville, Sunday, and spent the day inspectingCamp Taylor, and visiting friendsand relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Ruth S. Snyder, of Lexington, and Mrs. Eugene Bird and son,Master Dillard, of Covington, whohave been pleasant guests of Mrs. IdaW. Snyder, on East Eighth street,have returned "to their respectivehomes.Jtfrs. Wim. Kenney, wife of Dr.Wm. Kenney, was taken Friday afternoon to the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from appendicitis. Itis not thought an operation will benecessary. Mrs. Kenney was reported as resting very comfortably lastnight".Mr. Dawson Berrj' entertained athis home on Ashland avenue, in Lexington, in honor of Miss JosephineBriggs, of Frankfort, and Mr. ParlinLillard, of Lawrenceburg, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, of Paris, was onthe receiving line with the host andhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Bailey B.Berry. Mr. Jo. Davis, of Paris, wasa guest.(Other Personals on Page 3.)ADVANCE FALL APPARELSuitsWaistsOur Ready-to-Wear buyer has spent two weeks inscouring the New York market for the newest andsmartest apparel to be had. The first shipments havearrived and are awaiting your approval.--4r"yLATEST STYLE DRESSES.DELEGATES TO STATE MEETINGD. OF C.The following ladies will go toDanville, September 3 9 and 20, asdelegates from Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughters of the Confederacy,to the State Convention of the organization: Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs. Ada Rice,Mrs. King Griffith. Alternates Willibe Mrs. R. J. Neely, Mrs. Thos. A.McDonald, Miss Carroll Leer.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth; Burilla and Poplins, displaying thesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced$20.00 to $75.00Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00"ViSUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONFrank & Co. are showing the verylatest New York styles in serge andsatin dresses; all colors and sizes.Reasonably priced. (It)w. ta k. I. . B mm m.p - z lartA a t amicnrPTTQ.nan nmic a-wti Piwnr.s Z " -ii if iw nilRIGHT.i " .- TWMMM IIM W I MIM ISmokeless shell, 85 cents per dox.All kinds of shot-guns and rifles.. FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY,TEACHERS' IHSTtTUTE.The 1917 meeting of the BourbonCounty Teachers Institute convenedin the circuit court room of the Bourbon county court house yesterdaymorning for a two-days' session.There was a large attendance, and aninteresting program was arovided lorthe oenIg dag, which will be followed by others fully as interestinga eack 4ay of the meetimg. tThseesloM of thelMtitute arefceiag 'mdMrPTir $r Prqf.;. H.itim? prlaelfU of ? M JffiMntygjr-tMt iekool. jib Mi. Dal ton, of-0-lB-TAKE AKODAK!jr;7jiii-ri.-riyiiii;2S5S&-wii!3K53E3,SSSKaB3fi5.:w -- - - an iiiMiiiii i m w--tfftttflftYftr, r lm the ". d, while ia New York "tlwy;. tools Ta1 SHU, 1KUMMMM. JM IP r linlUn TOHH. -' .WPFTTSnapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it Isn't an Eastmanit Isn't a Kodak"Kodaks .....$5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1.00 upAlso a Full LineSporting Gtf odsofFIX UPFOR WINTER!M?'VK ' -.Swimming Suits. . . .75c to $5.00Water Wings ...... ..- v 5r mt f 9Cajsatnmg uaps . . , .- -.... ... ::i . - t x:-.-,. ...35cDa:'-" it '-; tf r-' '$' 'z? 't-.'ov- r m n.t .- - ,!. VuffnenYurNow that the time of year has comewhen you can no longer enjoy your verandatake advantage of ourSEPTEMBERBARGAINSthat we will give you during all of September. We have just placed on display die mostdesirable suites pfDINING ROOMFURNITUREwe have ever been able to assemble. Wewish to impress on you that it is decidedly toYOUR INTEREST as well as OUR to getyour home furnishings HERE.-, -THEJvT BIHfftNjeCRtoot ORHEARSE ut(TR IJ VAtfft COmfc'Z f ,-J' ';,'' '',"f'' ?"?,.-." - 4 '- -"-- ' ' '-. "k? 2T&rt&aki " '" 'e" ' -- v ' -"iSAj 9i -$--, 'CITHiHFHON? ;3&?, ", k js?WXTHmGKutiHafij ,j ?t.-r -& jr's-inaiiwi II aiiiiiif , e f-ii-. -r- .- T . - y ,.TT",Tr . WW m.i "- - - , .tJL ..r,i v' -i s t . ..- -'. ' - . ' ' M91-"I!1'""flV.J?.v-m'--, "yi JiZvj-. . gT-.T '. JO. -TT1 Jt&lXUA. .wmMkmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm---"M-4ss7- "i:-. S3K--"5.--;"sL.' -- ?': Jfei! ssm-jidSiA42& .JdJ ,."SwST'T "cI ;THE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KYr;TUISDAy, SEPTEMBER, 117- -?'- -I? l 5tr -d:- -t- --"LI' ?-.. .- - "IK,Uv!'If 'R,-MjttlilIin-mimmmmrngmmmmq .seiznhpictures sa ill nti iiwiia mlAt The Alamo and Paris Grand, We dnesday, August, 5th.VATONG CAETEEDGES.(Pearson's Magazine.)The ordinary cartridge is filled.with cordite, and certain tests arefclyen to the cartridge to see. that theproper amount of cordite has 'beenplaced in the cartridge to give theW. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.: -' '-- CARS LEAVE. Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a, m. 7:20 a. in.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.? 9:00 am . 8:50 a. m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a11:15 a, m. 11:50 a12:45 p. m. 1:20 p- 2:15 p. m. 2:50 p' 8:45 p. m, 3:30 p.; 4:30 p. m. 4:20 p6:15 p. m. ll 6:00 pC:05 p. m. "". 6:00 p. m.:60 p. m. 7:20 p. m.1:16 p. m. x 9:10 p. to.10:t6 p. m. 11:00 p. m.-BBSI$1.50TOHWand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onunday, Sept 9Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. -Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street. Station) at 7 p. m." W. V. 8HAW, AgtntW.R.,CUNKENBEARD,T.A. JCincinnatiL. & N. TIME TABLEf Effective, Sunday, June 17, 1U7, 12:01 a. m.WAINSFROMQ 9K? ". ".' :9 vyauuw, uiuy exotpiBuaaayH Rowland, dally exceot SundtrRowland, dally except Sunday.11211titMSIjaayanue aauy except Sunday.,Lexington daily except Sunday. . .s -w - -m --Mayiville, Sunday anlyRowland, Sunday only.....THnfinn Snnilav nnlv.........umcinnau, u., dailyLexington, dallyChicago, daily . .18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday.t Maysville. Daily Excent Sundv116nit9814to23S;S11zzrzrr ry iLexington, DailyMaysville, DailyCincinnati, Daily Except SundayLexington, Daily Except SundayJackionville, Fla., DailyCincinnati, Sunday onlyCiwjtenati, O., DailyLexington DailyTRAINSlift.FOR4 Cincimnati, wall?4f Cimclanatl, daily except Sundaym Lexugton, daily except SundayIt If ayiriUe, daily except. Suniayzw uimcinnau,. Sunday oaiy . ,-.tt I.It Iitxinfton, daily; xcet Sunday17 Kfcoxrflfa daily .......;;...;.-at Jacksonville, daily ..Sit Maysville; Sumday onlylit Lexington, dally except Sunday-If ClAcinnatt, dally; Ldafton, dally except Smnday. . .9 Kowia&a, xmuy except Bandarft C&oSdaX k81 "tew-&oday-onfcC . . . ,. .SsSnaygA&ly ........my v . .. . . . .r Z r5s5Mf Kejrl,-It LeMmpoa' ZF db O- X'llVtES!: '' '" ';'rAiHj?flWH:yt e?Ttf"5E3-i5W Mv;e wwmmmmcii , mmmwm- bvmb- :. TRAIN DOTa mattort, aWMr.right velocity to the bullet. Tenrounds from each batch of cartridges are taken and fired from anordinary rifle. The muzzle velocityof the bullet is observed, and thismust not vary fifteen feet per secondfrom the standard of 2,060 feet persecond. Not much of a margin.The cartridge must be water-tight,and to test that it is soaked for twodays in water and then fired. Evenafter these two days' soaking eachcartridge must also pass the velocitytest. An accuracy test is also carriedout. A number of rounds are fired ata steel plate target from" a fixed rifle.If the shots are not within a certainradius on the target, which is somphundreds of yards away from therifle, the cartridges are rejected asnot being accurate enough.AMERICAN DESTROYS SUBMARINE WITH HAND BOMB.A gun pointer in the "United StatesNavy, now on duty on an armedmerchantman writing to his motherat Fort Smith, Arkansas, describesan adventure with German submarines in the war zone on a voyageabout the middle of July. On theninth day out, a submarine suddenlycame up beside the merchantman, tooclose for use of its deck gun or tor.pedo tubes. The naval gun crewalso was unable to attack, but amember of the gun crew picked up abomb and dropped It on the submarine causing an explosion whichsank the enemy. The merchantship was under convoy of a cruiserand, on, the day, followingvthe attackaDove mentioned the cruiser was attacked from both port and starboardsimultaneously by submarines." Th-?torpedoes passed astern of the cruiserand salvo from both Bides of thecruiser at the two submarines caused both to submerge.HAS A HIGH OPINION OP CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I havenever found anything so mild andpleasant to use. My brother has alsoused these tablets with satisfactoryresults."(sept-adv)ARRIVALo..... .6:25 am7:35 am-.vv vvvsamMAaB4M &ibi?. ........7:33 am,...7:40 am....b:oo., am8:05 am..8:10 am10:05 am10:02 am.. ,.. 10:17 am'...'...12:00 mi3:00 pm' pm.; 5.40 jm5.50 pm...-. 618 dm.- 6:83 pm-9:30 pm5 10:38 pm.. 10:23 p mLEAVE.' ..5:20 am......'.. .7:45 am1. ............. .7:47 am.... ...... . .7:4S ,axn...........8: z v am.10:25 am10:22; am... ....10:11 ani'-..., 12:.fl;ipJ. .-3:2,5 pm.............. . . . ,.............t:rir.: 9" pinC:00 pm..., tOt:ttwDm4t m. . . .. ft .t:3fff' pmt:3f pm........ t:40 pm.C:I5 p.ai"r rARUtVI FROtl ,' . " '7:3t a.si?-AKT FORCARD ON PROGRAMDOUGLAS PARK.ATDue to the missionary trip to Saratoga of General Manager John H.Hachmeister, of the Douglas Parkand LatOnia race tracks in behalfof the stake events for the fall meetings at these two plants, Kentuckyturfites will get a chance this autumn to see the star thoroughbredsof the East in action against the bestof the Bluegrass State. Two horsesthat attracted a lot of attention thissummer, especially in the East, Pappand Omar Khyyam, are well nominated in the Kentucky stakes and it willbe the first time that either of theirowners have ever raced on the Bluegrass circuit.Papp is unquestionably the best 2-year-oldin the East, while the prowess of Omar Khayyam is well knownaround here, 'he having won the lastKentucky Derby last Spring. Thelatter is nominated in the LouisvilleCup race, the big feature of theDouglas Park meeting, and also inthe Latonia Cup Handicap, $7,500added, two and "one-quarter- miles,the best stake on the Latonia roster.The Louisville Cup is at two miles.For the first time at fall meetingsAndrew Miller, who owns the celebrated Roamer and the high-class. 3-year-oldTicket, which finished second in the Kentucky Derby, will racein this parts. Roamer has also beennominated in the two cup races andhe is a much better horse now thanwhen he ran in the Kentucky Handicap at Douglas Park in the spring.There are at the present timeenough horses at Douglas Park tostart a race meeting and more andmore are arriving every day. TrackSuperintendent Charley Nolte hasthe track proper in excellent condition and fast moves are being reported daily.. By the. time the opening of the Douglas Park meeting rollsaround, September 26, it is expectedthat close to 1,000 horses will bestabled at that course and ChurchillDowns.The Douglas Park meeting will embrace only seven days this fall, butin that small space of time more highclass racing will take place thanever before in the history of the"sport of kings" in Louisville.. Nopurse will be worth less than $800and there will be $6,000 in stakemoney.The Latonia meeting this fall willembrace twenty-five racing days, beginning on Saturday, October 13,and winding up on Saturday) November 10, five Saturdays in all. As atDouglas Park no purses will, have alesser value than $800 and there willbe five stakes with a combined valueof $20,500. Next to the cup race inpoint of interest will be the QueenOity Championship Stake, for 2yearolds at one' mile, $5,000 added.Improvements at a cost of $30,000are being made at the Latonia trackthis summer and when they are finished the plant will be as up-to-dateas any in the country.m m teSCREEN "BANQUETS" TO BEABOLISHEDMotion picture producers are responding to the. appeal sent to themby Herbert C. Hoover, national foodadministrator,, to help conserve sofar as possible the food, supply of theUnited States.First of the steps toward economywas taken when Thos. H. Ince, theproducer, 'suggested in a telegram-toHoover that the stage and screenbanquets which waste hundreds ofthousands of dollars worth of foodannually for an effect of realism beabolished.The power of suggestion that somuchfood is being wasted is noted inInce's message. The. scenes showinghuge quantifies served just to makea picture true to life have a depressing effect on audiences, the producerbelieves.Ince recently was appointed one offour big motion picture and theatrical producers to serve on the nationalfood commission. He said he believed every motion picture and theatrical producer willingly would cooperate with the government in effecting this economy.CATAREH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's "Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It iscomposed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined' with some of thebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of . th- Ingredients inHall's Catarrh '.Medicine is what produces sucli wonderful results incatarrhal. conditions. Send for testirmonfals," f ree. '" -P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo; O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall'slPamily"Pnis for constipation. (sept-adv)-' Mte CIt is reported on reliable" authority that the Detent-Elk Coal Com,pany, .recently organized to develop2,000 acres of coal lands along tieheadwaters, of . tke Ktntuckyi Jtiverin ijeicner- cqiinyvvwiir ertalish;;v. -"-. fir-v; -t'V 2 '-lS !.-ff.F4- -- ,?;si,uuu,pou cement-plant, which wUJnew industry ia the first of itakiiiJFINEJin tKe new imouiitaln -MX3Mt.WONDERFUL STUFF! LIFT OUTYOUR CORNS.Apply a Few 'Drops Then Lift Cornsor Callouses Off With FingersNo Pain.No humbug! Any corn, whetherhard, soft or between the toes, willloosen right up and lift out, without a particle of pain or soreness.The drug is called Freezone and isa compound of ether discovered bya Cincinnati man.Ask any drug store for a smallbottle of Freezone, which will cost'but a trifle, but is sufl&cient" to ridone's feet of every corn or callous.Put a few drops directly upon anytender, aching corn or callous. Instantly the soreness disappears andshortly the corn or callous willloosen and can be lifted off with thefingers.This drug Freezone doesn't eat outthe corns or callouses, but shrivelsthem without even irritating thesurrounding skin.Just think! No pain at all; nosoreness or smarting when applyingit or afterwards. If your druggistdon't have Freezone have him orderit for you. . (adv) -HOUSES BEING RAZED BY ORDEROF FIRE MARSHAL.More than 200 structures, whichprtv -hovA herni razed in'Kentuckv bvorder of Fire Marshal Thomas Pan-nell. The latest successful effort to jrid a town of this menace was iniDanville, where sixteen frame structures, embracing an entire square, arebeing torn down. The last obstaclewas an old colored woman, who livedin one of the houses. Her objectionswere met by the owner of the adjoining property, agreeing to build her abrick structure on a lot he owned ;and trade it for her present domicile. (Bowling Green, Louisville, Lexington, Maysville, Ashland and Green-ville are among the cities that havefelt the hand of the law on their fire ,traps.Forty hotels have been or are being iequipped with fire escapes and more!than that number of public schools,and hundred of blue prints are onfile in the fire marshal's office, showing the plans adopted for the construction of fire escapes on buildingsin various parts of the State.The biggest cleaning up has beenin reformed livery stables that haveabandoned the housing of horses forgasoline propelled vehicles. Of open,seasoned construction, covering greatspaces and filled .with inflamablematerial, these garages have causedmore disastrous fires than any otheragencyin Kentucky, cities. The storage of gasoline in underground safetytanks also has been enforced in mostcities.Fire Marshal Pannell said he ismeeting with heartier co-operationthan he had expected.WHAT KENTUCKY EDITORS ARESAYING.The Courier-Journal says that aNew Albany, Ind., man is eatingcorn that was planted on his placeby the great cyclone that struck theInidana city some time ago. Verily,it is "an ill wind that blows no onegood." Hartford Herald..There can be no doubt that ours Isa "stable" government. Just lookat the long-eared specimens in someof the Senate stalls! MaysvilleBulletin.Profanity never did any man theleast good. No man is the richer,the happier or the wiser for it. Itcommends no.. one to any society. Itis disgusting to the refined; abominable to the;. good; Insulting to thosewith whom we associate; degradingto the mind; unprofitable, . needlessand injurious in society. Young man,don't be profane. La Center Advance. Hogs are getting so high that theythink they belongto the aristocracy.A bunch-shipped from here this weekput up a squeal because the"y werenot loaded in Pullman cars. Cynthiana Log Cabin.A New York" paper, noting theprobability of Kentucky going dry,says it wm oe a "rye-less- state.Up in that country they drink liquormade of rye, and there is an impression that the same brand is used here.Kentuckians don't drink rye whisky.They want Bourbon, and want itstraight. Just listen when a genuineKentucky Colonel walks up to the barand hear him say,. "Make mine cornlicker." Danville Messenger.'Monday morning the Eagle sent amessage over its yarn string askingfor a good shower, and that. eveningthe shower came. What a wonderfulman is Woodrow! WhitesburgMountain Eagle.No, we: haven 'fc .heard of any ofthose Russian-soldier.-girls complaining of ttfeCattentiSStt j dfUheJ BtreetJohnnies. Central City Argus.We are In the; war by the action jOfCongress the only body -authorizedto. take the nation intor. war. The.quickest way to' peace is tojgostraight through, J supporting the.Government In-all-it undertakesndmatterhow long the. war lasts or howmuch it'oejits. jWe-aaBtwinlted,and inreaseiU-cost-in lnoney and1 j i3r fPi jT 'jiTtettomtrt,m&m1to,Low Round-Trip FaresLouisville & Nashville RailroadVACCOUNTKentucky State FairLouisville, Sept. 10-15Better, Bigger and More Important Than Ever Before.$50,000 in Premiums.$10,000 Saddle Horse Event.$1,000 Exhibit for Best Display of Agricultural Products Grown in Anyone County in 1917.For further particulars apply& Nashville Railroad, or address.Agent, ljOUlSVllie, J&.V. .ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm-weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call-at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and placeTyour order.Paiis Home(Incorporated)J.. J. VEATCH,District Manager.G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Nijht Phones 293 or SS9Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking-Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulant xxrii-h T0rt ,cJohnson First Aid Equipment-wx j u u fiicai' cApcuaej a resuscitating device, forthose ADD&rentlv HpaH frnm Hrntxminn- oa ;.. ; .i.-.jS etc; alwys ready for serf vice. DAY OR-NIGHT. Phone 11a immpHinteW k .accident occurs.Bourbon LaundryD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. y ''n'liiiiVThe heayyvTilnacwkich fell?inthecpunty;thl8 ,weeiVa;ds;:flijii' rterernmifl tA iMAaiiuvr.-i.' j'jiT r-rvTJisrr . ,J'eomvera:is-lars andb stood tke suxmef im i4 ebajtWyielecaf;belnjrsiil MNsiuoli lamr tba Ibv msit wiiirSSifek. IB", . 1ISourboVIAto local ticket aenfcs. LouisvilleE. D. Pusey, General Passenger(aug28-5t)& Telegraph Go.W.H. CANNON,Local Manager.and the Lungmotor (recentlyWest 5 StreetSatisfadifin.- is OnrW-iichwordWith.,all the latest, improvements in laundryappliances and expert,helpers iwe are prepared-ta do work inferior tonone, and solicit- yourpatronage.tLaunnrv. iTC . -BBjBBBBaaaaejMpjBsssBjsssBssjBSsssfsssssssssjejyIh : - . . - - I. . .Flmri KmmUckf. Ir:: .seepsjBsjeie4 BsspyBjejsjasssm3!WWWJeBJBJI".': '"r J--JJrmii?smmtJuiL'M.rTwumMJvmcrmM - wir-- -.i-l2ij&- A 'Vfr' aii jr-.VV ,-is&-vTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1117,'MC'--'UltBON NEWS PARES, k."-"MsSLUGjtj a wfpm "gM ..Thrilling Tales of U Boat Hunting Told bv an American RnWho Served For Months With theThrilling and Perilous Work Thatof 0ther American Boys.No. 2Mine Sweeping Withthe M. L's(Motor Launches)A SEA SLUG,British Service Name For Crewsof Submarine Chasers.Copyright, 1917, by the Bell Syndicate, Ino.PROLO0UE.The author of this series of four articles is a young American, who has spentmost of his time since the war startedwith the British patrol fleet, taking animportant part in helping to organizethai branch of the service known asthe Sea Slugs.He has accumulated a remarkablecollection of anecdotes incident to thteexciting "branch of the service, andmany of these were personal adventures in which he took part and whichmake one of the stirring narratives tocome out of the war. He recently returned to the United States to assistthe American navy in organizing thesame "branch of the service and shouldbe of great value because of his experience abroad. So far as knoicn, he is theonly American to serve with the British.patrol prior to the advent of the UnitedStates destroyer flotilla in British waters. Of course some of his experiences,of military value to the enemy, cannotbe related. At the request of the servicepublication of his name is withheld.MAX HORTON, the man who torpedoed the German battle cruiser Moltke, was one of the mostmodest men I have ever met. I palledaround for a couple of nights withHorton and another Sea Slug who hadbeen only a short time out of theHasda hospital, where he had recovered from wounds he received at Gallipoli. Horton, besides being the heroof the Moltke incident when in com.mand of 'an E boat, had been the firstman through the Dardanelles in hisflimsy M. I., as the British call thesubmarine chasers, he being in that.service before taking over a submarine. M. L. stand for motor launch. Thelittle craft are called a great manyother things at times, both by the menin them when they don't run justright and by submarine commanders,German and British.We were all at Portsmouth, whichIs one of the principal M. L. bases.Horton, his friend and myself had beenout on a duty tour and on the wayback stopped at The Knut for a coupleof drinks, then at Monk's for oystersand Anally landed at Tot's for dinner,which is about the program followedby the Sea Slugs when they can getashore."They had the M. L.'s sweepingmines down at Gallipoli," said Hortonin a very matter of fact way. "Lotsof people think all we Slugs have todo is to cruise around and keep fromdrowning, but I want to tell you thatchasing submarinesis the easiest andsafest thing expected of us."Tugboats and trawlers and. minesweepers weren't much good in theDardanelles, because they furnishedtoo big a target Besides, everythingthat could float was getting shot topieces, and before they dared send ourships in it was absolutely necessaryto sweep the mine fields."We used to hook thousand foot cables between two M. L.'s and cruisedown through the fields as fast as wecould go. The cables were supposedto foul the mines, tip them over andexplode them. They did it Also theM. L.'s themselves tipped over several mines and exploded them, andafter that there wasn't anything tohook that end of the cable to.Work Under Point Blank Fire."The Turkish batteries on the cliffswere so close that as we drove down ithrough the -mine fields we were atpoint blank range. The ammunitionwasn't so very good, and it didn't always explode on contact but if everone of the heavy shells smashedthrough a chaser there wasn't muchof anything left but the hole it made ion the way through like a doughnutafter you eat it"Of course the Turk guns firing intothe fields detonated a lot of their ownmines, but that didn't add to our comfort any, for many of them were rightunder some of the M. L.'s."One day" we were sweeping in nearshore. The sun was so hot that pitchjust .seemed to sweat out. and rundown the , decks. The "glara off thew&teriwa. alaortTaliniMpg, " ami ItAlt ILHIAABritish Patrol and Who Did theIs Now Being Done by Hundredsreally didn't seem as if it could bemuch, better in the other place towhich we might go if one of thoseshells hit us. The Turkish batterieswere hammering away at us, but theterrific heat was so uncomfortable thatnobody minded the shells much. Allof a sudden something went by mystomach so close I thought it had cutme in two. Just beyond my boat ashell splashed into the water."One of the smaller projectiles hadgrazed and seared me. I caved in sothat I couldn't walk straight or erectfor several days and that is literallytrue. My stomach felt all the time asif some one was drawing a red hotknife across it.""I got it worse than that," said theother chap, who had been in the hospital, abruptly. "My boat bumped amine. I don't know how it is to getshot, but when that thing blew -upright alongside of us it felt to me asthough it was my own body exploding.It seemed like a sudden and terrificpressure from the inside of me that iwas going to burst me like a toy balloon. "We finally got back to the tenderunder our own power. We had toshore . up the bows a little, but wemanaged to make it. Mines do freakish things, and I don't believe there isa man living who can give any logicalreason why we weren't blown intoatoms.""Plain luck, I guess," observed Horton placidly. "It's funny that a minepowerful enough to sink an ocean lineror a battleship will sometimes explodeand fail to destroy a motor launch ora submarine that is almost alongsideit A lot of people think submarinesare very easily put out of business.We Sea Slugs know it's different, especially the U boats. I saw one of ourown down at Gallipoli which had hit amine and came in with her bow patched up under her own power, just tsyou did in your chaser.Sixteen Dead In Launch."I never had the bad luck to bumpa mine myself, but I've had my shareof being shot up. I had one end of acable in a mine sweeping stunt at theDardanelles one night when the Turkish batteries got the range. The firethey poured into us is almost unbelievable. I don't see how a stick livedthrough it We were practically underwater all the time, the shells were falling so close and spraying us so steadily. "Every once in awhile one came onboard, but they were not explodingright that is, not right -from the Turkish point of view. We were perfectlysatisfied to have them fail to go off."The other chap, though, the fellowwho had the far end of my cable, wasgetting it pretty badly. He was interrible shape, and after a particularlyvicious burst of fire his engines stopped and-he began to drift. I ran overto him. We couldn't sweep with onlyone end of the cable in motion."Of the eighteen men in the otherM. D. I. found two alive. They weren'tconscious, but they were still alive.The sixteeir others were dead. Wetook these two aboard our launch andgot back to the base. That night washell."I have quoted the stories told me bythese two men as nearly in their wordsas I can lemember.them to show aphase of the submarine chasers' workwhich is seldom thought of. As Horton said, most people think the M. L.'sdo nothing but cruise around in comparative safety looking for submarines.This is only one of their duties.Most of the Sea Slugs have beentaught to operate machine guns, and asa result they were frequently used forlanding, parties at Gallipoli, running inunder the Turkish guns and trying tohang on, by their finger nails almost,to the cliffs. Some of the Sea Slugswere on shore for a long time andserved in the trenches. One of themtold me a bad feature of the fightingthere was trying to keep clean. Therewasn't water enough to drink, to saynothing about washing, antf the onlyway they could clean their shirts wasj to lay them on the ant hills. Even atthat if they left them there too longthe shirts themselves would disappear.Another job the M. L.'s had downfhara Ttrna hnnrrllru? flll the'flshingsmacks and other apparently noncom-batant vessels and searching them forammunition and mines. I talked, toone man named D., a brother of theofficer I told about in my first articlewho rammed one of his own submarine mistaldner her for a uermau,a wifcu fcWQ Turk aer0planes while he was visiting a numberof such vessels.Fought Planes With Eifies."We :ue just running over to a flshinz smack to search her," said D.,"when I hear the tnrounmg oi an aeroplane engine. Afew seconds later theroar of another engine ,cuts in, and., , j., .,. ixt-nrosoanriv innsrpn Tnrn wiiii tiiv.'ri.-JKnT'8tecu tome Xy? rotten navigators, but w" , - tI they are after such small-fry uuii' -tie M. L. It. ,1 j n , j urxvuuuu -nnu rouna tuey circle juslover our heads, getting lower and low-er all the time, until at last they startdropping bombs."Bang! goes one not thirty feet offmy starboai d bow, and we are sprayedwith the foam she throws up. Butthe target is too small, and the planesare traveling so fast they can't get uswith bombs, so they veer off and comesKlmming back very low in a straightline dead for us. They are so close toour heads that I feel like ducking, justas one does going under a doorway(that is actually high enough to walk, through upright, but which -looks toolow."Suddenly they begin to spray uswith machine gun fire. Two of mymen are hit, and the decks are flyinginto splinters. All I have on board isa couple of 30-30 rifles, and I beginfiring with one, while my first officeruses the other. The three poundercan't be elevated enough to use it asan air gun."We can shoot rapidly, but nothing,like the fire of that cursed spew oflead spraying from those machineguns."Once they drive straight over us,and now they are coming back. If wedon't stop them this time we are gone.I squint along the sights of my rifle.I take a deep breath. I let part of itout and hold the rest, so that my shoulder will not be moving as I squeezethe trigger."I am sighting right for the pilot'schest. I fire. He veers off like awounded bird. His plane wabbles. Itlooks asif it was going to fall, but hegets it straightened out and files away.Both of us begin to fire at the othermachine. It rises. The pilot does notdare to fly straight into the rifle fire.From aloft he contents himself with' dropping more bombs, but ho must bei within range of our rifles, for presentlyj he flies away and does not bother us' any more."If he had been a German air manthe end of the story might have beendifferent"Sea Slugs Are Pighters.j The crews which officer and manthe submarine chasers are not trained1 navy men. They don't know overmuch i1 of the king's regulations, and the 'discipline they maintain is most-cer- itainly not that to which one is accus- Itomed on board ship. II But and I want to emphasize thisstrongly they are scrappers. Theyfight in their own way. They may' not know how to do it according tothe book, but they are among the games men afloat Many of them arewealthy and formeily owrod and operated their own boats' They are ahard lighting, "hard riding crew, andthe devil himself can't scare them.i Before they are assigned to boatsthe men are given about a ten daycourse in navigation, for they mustsometime cruise out of sight of landand Rt nhrht. Afnnv nmndnQAmA.times almost tragic incidents arisefrom their inexperience.I was out once in an M. L. commanded by a subaltern named C. All heknew about navigation had been taughthim in ten days. He got lost, wasashamed to say so and admit that hedidn't know how to get his location.He figured for two days trying to findout where he was. He'd get his sunobservations, and by the time he hadthe readings calculated he'd be so faraway that he had to do it 'all overagain.He figured for two days, and all thetime he was getting shorter in provisions and fuel. For the last half dayhe followed a destroyer, thinking shewas running into port. He wouldn'tsignal her and ask for instructions orfor his location, so he just trailed alongafter her as though he knew where hewas going. He was too proud to askthe road home. -The sun was under clouds, but itcame out just befoie sunset, and hediscovered that he had been runningright away from England. We gotback off Portsmouth at night But outsignal boxjiad been lost overside, andwe couldn't reply to the signal at theentrance "to the harbor, which camewithin inches of costing us our lives,as our own batteries fired a couple of4.7's at us, and we had to run out andcruise around the rest of the night tosave our skins. However, we hungin sight of the harbor so as -not toget lost again. ,Thfc same chap, though he was shorton the science of navigation,was longon fight. When cruising at night theM. L.'s, of course, show no lights, andit is very haid tojnaintain an absolutely even speed and keepsjust the proper distance from the other craftSteam engines can be controlled right'down to the inch, but the gas engineswhich drive the M. L.'s are not so readily regulated. A single notch increaseor decrease on the throttle may makea difference of a whole knot in speed.Well, C. lost track of the other chasers in his squadron one night, and hedidn't dare signal to them. They woreout searching for submarines, and toshow lights would only give the wholething away. He couldn't take a chance0n sending up a rocket or tooting hiswhistle, for seciecy is every thing. Sohe just laid a course the way hethought he ought to steer and kept itup hell bent all nightJust after daylight he discovered that;he was off 'the Belgian coast havingcrossed the channel. As the earlymorning mist lifted he sighted" a Digvessel astern flying the German flag.She didn't look like a regular warshipmore like a converted yacht buti she mounted one crun forward, nnd f!.u.0uld see others aft6e ?ad -regulation three Inch pieceASSln ,,J.u ... ,, Well, boys," he said to his crew.. 0 , .-ajwirneea to Know,navwration-ro;five- r''lltL luu tl ""' wuat U'J you sayThere Wn ofllv nhniif nno nhnnna in. -i , .. ."" LUUL uu Ui Lueui woumv-wxiic uul oi uie scrap anye. ana (J.didn't like to order his men into it.The M. L. was so fast slio could haverun, but the ciew was game, so C.put about and began to loop aroundin order to cross her bows, thinking tocut loohe a few raking shots into thecraft.The gun was loaded and ready tonre, and 0. was only waiting for whathe thought was the best position beforegiving the order to shoot."We ought to fly our flag if we're going info battle," suggested some one inthe crew."By Jove, you're right," C. agreed,and in a jiffy the British ensign wasrun up at the M. L.'s stern.Like a shot the German flag at thestern of the war vessel came down,and the Union Jack took its place.Simultaneously from the masthead thestranger broke out 'a private Britishnavy signal, and 0. replied.He had come within an ace of firinginto one of his own vessels which hadbeen flying the German flag in order todecoy any German craft that mightHe Sighted a Big Vessel Astern Flyingthe German Flag.sight her. It shows, though, that theSea Slugs ai.e leady to go into actionany time and that they don't have tohave the odds in their favor either.A Matter of Luck.As I said before, the catching of asubmarine and its destruction is greatly a matter of luck. Sometimes theM. L.'s cruise around for days withoutseeing one, and then perhaps a U boatwill pop to the surface within a coupleof hundred yards. The most important adjunct to luck is an all seeing" ne never knows wnerG tne Pei1-SC0P6 & going to Stick OUt above thesurface, and you must be ready at anysecond to make it out at any point ofthe compass.Just how many submarines were"got" while I was in England I amnot at liberty to say, but I can go onrecord as stating that they are noteasy to get, and the captives are fewer than generally supposed. A vastnumber of units are necessary to combat them with any degree of success.Besides being invisible almost at will,the submarines are manned by men ofnerve.The idea prevalent among some people that submarine crws are more orless only sneaks, who strike In thedark or when there is no danger forthemselves, should be dispelled. Thesubmarines are operated by men whofear death not at all and who sometimes take staggering chances. If theBritish develop one trick that bags asingle submarine they consider it asuccess. News of English rusesspreads rapidly in the under water gossip. -U boats have ran in a few scantmiles from shore and sunk all sorts ofcraft, and they have even tackled 'destroyers. The British had some verysad experiences in sending destroyerson rescue work, after which they usedthe M. L.'s for this purpose. Thesemake smaller torpedo targets. TheGermans are supposed not to risk' Uboats unduly; but, believe me, they do.I talked with the chief engineer andone of the crew, of a British sugar shipfrom the West Indies who had beenrescued after being torpedoed."We were just making Havre," saidthe engineer, "and we were mightyglad to get in. The day was remarkably clear, and the water was oilysmooth. We were so close to land wedidn't think there was a chance ofanything attacking us when just at 1o'clock in the afternoon a submarineappeared off our port bow and signaledus to stop."We were armed with a 4.7 gun onour stern and had navy gunners onboardt sojnstead of obeying we turnedsharply to starboard to present assmall a target as possible for a torpedoand opened fire. '"The first two shots fell short, andthe third -went over the U boat Theway some people talk you would haveexpected the submarine to run away.he didn't do anything of the kind.She opened up on us with a gun thatmust have been at least a three inchpiece, and the second shot hit one ofour gun mounts."One man disappeared actually disappeared. Either he was -knocked intothe sea and sank, or he must havebeen literally blown to pieces. Another poor fellow was killed just abouttorn in two and two other men wereput out cold. The captain had. to atopthen, because there was nothing leftWe were so near port that" the. firing.;.. - "L, - 1imust have iviff n heardj-and Jt was al-j most certain Bometlilng would comej vuu U7UllMUolC, UUl UJtf U UVWLL- nwiiabout finishing the job very methodically. "The German commander ordered usInto our boats. While we were lowertag away he signaled the captain andthe chief engineer, myself, to comealongside the TJ boat The first thingbo did was to have our woundedbrought aboard, and his surgeon attended to them. Then he used oufboat to send men over and place bombsin the ship to blow her up."As the day was drawing to a close,it was becoming colder, and, seeingthat the men had not brought coatswith them, the German commandergave us all sweaters and towed us toward shore for half an hour or so.Three destroyers passed out, but theywere so far away that the U boatsimply submerged until she was awash,and the never saw a thing. It wasalmost sunset when she finally disappeared after maneuvering around asthough playing like a. porpoise at sunset almost within range of shore batteries." The story of this armed merchantman shows that simply placing gunson steamships is not going to protectthem against submarines. There hasgot to be a sort of craft to fight themon something like equal terms, and theswift, seaworthy, low lying M. L.'sseem to be the ones to do it Butgreat numbers of them are needed,and great numbers of trained men areneeded to operate them.Song of the Sea Sings.The Sea Slugs in England sing asong which pretty well covers everything in the line of their life and duty.Some of the verses were written byone man, some by another. The onereferring to Uncle Sam is my ownand will be understood when I saythat the first M. L.'s were built inAmerica and that the British tooksome time to learn just how to usethem:Sing me a sons of a frail M. L.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Rolling about on an oily swell(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Out on a highly explosive spree,Petrol, lyddite and T. N. T.,Looking for U boat 3 3 3.(O Lord, have mercy upon us!)Sing me a song of a bold young "loot"(Loid, have mercy upon us!),Skilllul mariner and nut to boot.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)So ship the cable and heave the lead.Hard a-starboard and full ahead.The detonators are in my bed.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Sing me a song of &. smart young "sub"(Lord, havo mercy upon us!),An insubordinate, half trained cub.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Of the king's regulations I know not one.I have left undone what I should havedone.But, oh, my aunt, when I fire that gun I(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Sing me a song of C. M. B.(Lord, have mercy upon us I),Bred in a garage and sent to sea(Lord, have mercy upon us!).Taken away fiorn the motor trade.Seasick and sorry, sore, dismayed,But a. h ot a nut on the "grand parade." (Lord, have mercy upon us!)Sing me a song of Uncle Sam.(Lord, have mercy upon us!);Built five hundred and don't care a d n.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Nobody knows what they built them for.Every one prays that they'll build nomore.But such are the horrorsof "bloodywar."(Lord, have mercy upon us!)Sing me a song of. a North sea base(O Lord, have mercy upon us!),A dirty, forgotten, one horse place.(Lord, have mercy upon us!)When the wind blows west, how bravewe are!When the wfnd blows east, It's different,far.Tou'll find us safe In' the "harbor bar."(Lord, have mercy upon us!)As one may gather from the song,many of the Sea Slugs were formerlychauffeurs, and, although the M. L.'sTK Gtrman Commander Ordered UsInto Our Boats.use gasoline for fuel, "there 4s somedifference between navigating one ofthem and an automobile.Sitting Over a Volcano.The "detonators under the bed" Isliteral. There isn't overmuch room onan M. L., and about the only place tokeep the detonators is under the bunks.These little craft carry sufficient explosives to blow up several first classwarships, and if you want to knowhow it feels to sit over a volcano withthe lid about to be blown off you wantto ride In one of them, especially whensomebody begins potting at you withsheHsJiiat may blow up every oonce;op ammunition you've got on board any-mimute. . - 3( SVl&ave5- - -iour.--- -'GyesfFor distinctive eye .glassservice consult us. - -We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refract-"the eyes.Give us' an early call.We Fit WhtfcOthers FallFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bids., opp. Winds HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat:ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13S.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.iFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tPatrons.HOT AND GOLD BATHS.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use a, GarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on diefctay. Corns In ajife look thsm ovsr. TParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)nfllaltWMakesTttT'.2?kcomptetcTHERE'S a heap of joyin aton of good coeL-Your stove or f menace :won't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy jt from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSOfc, South Main St.The Heme aff Gee CeallnjSsSE9gHBMjti?wmbBHsSHHHHHbIbbSjjtTrjlex .SMHtRW. y j m i i i'iim j'l x4r-- 2&iAA?"cv-v -" fI" tl9 tsV4- .31t.-i,-. -FwvmvimxtZ&mT?.-mb BOURBON NEWS, P ARtS, KY.jnnasDAY, smmam 4, mr., -HRAV-ffedK-K".r ikf:K.t,IbfcW"'".:-y-w-tr!r-f tMILLERSBURG$Mrs. Belle Taylor continues verysuch, the same.The Misses Peoples, of Winches; ir, are guests of Miss Ethel Fisher.Mr. Samuel Berry, of Farmersville, Virginia, is the guest of friendshere.Mrs. Arthur P!umme.r, who isquite ill with typhoid fever, is slightly improved.Mrs. Clara Dunstell, of Falmouth, arrived Sunday as the guestof Mrs. G. L. Hill.Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, of Lexington, is the guest of her mother, Mrs.Belle Taylor, and family.t Mr. J. C. Arthur, who was badlycut up some days ago by Mr. MackHiley, is improving nicely.Mrs. A. S. Best entertained last"Wednesday evening in honor of hersister-in-law, Miss Nannie Best.Mr. Harry Cockrel has returnedto his Home at Irvine after spendinga few days with Miss Ethel Fisher.Miss Martha Purdy entertained& .number of her young friends Saturday afternoon at her country home.. Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Rice, ofHutchison, were guests of Mr. andMrs. F. E. Peterson, Saturday andSunday.Mr. and, Mrs. T. K. Smith and little daughter, Evelynt of Paris, wereguests of her mother, Saturday andSunday.Mrs. Jennie Throckmorton, ofCincinnati, arrived Saturday as theguest of her sister-in-law, Mrs. Martha Vimont.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Thomasonand little son, of Chicago, arrivedSaturday as guest of his parents,Squire and Mrs. E. P. Thomason.Miss Corinne Wilson and motherafter spending the summer at Georgetown, have returned to the M. C,ready for duty on the opening of theschool.kev. R. C. Goldsmith, of the Baptist church, is assisting in a protracted meeting near Louisville. Mrs.Goldsmith is visiting her mother atOwenton.-prMrs. Maude Barnette and littledaughter, Marion, after spending thesummer in Lexington, returnedThursday, and will resume her duties" at the M. C. on its opening.Mrs. C. M. Best entertained anumber of the young people Tuesdayevening with a private ' dance inhonor of her nephew, Mr. HarryRoche, who will leave in a few daysfor V. M. I.Miss Nannie Louise Best leftThursday for a visit to friends atNashville, Tenn, after which she goesto Georcy, Arkansas, where she willresume her duties, as teacher in thecollege there.Prof. Boone, of N. Y. City, N. Y.,. has returned to his home after spending a few days1 with Miss EthelFisher. Prof. Boone was Miss Fisher's instructor in vgice while in NewYork last winter.Presiding Elder j. D. Redd, Rev.-J. W. Gardner and Dr. C. C. Fisherwill leave to-day for Lexington,where they will attend the annual'conference of the M. E. Church,South, which convenes Wednesday. .mia isRELIGIOUS.The regular business session of theEpworth League of the Methodistchurch will be held in the churchThursday night at 7:30 o'clock. Allthe members are urgently requestedto be present on this occasion.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Women's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will be held in, the church this (Tuesday) afternoon,at 2:34 o'clock. Mrs. C. O. Hintonwill be the leader. All the womenof the church are invited and urgedto attend this meeting.1 1 imUNDERGOES OPERATION.An operation for appendicitis wasperformed at the St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, Friday, on Mr.peck.Noah Rose, of Paris, traveling salesman for the Power Grocery Co. Theoperation was a success, and Mr.Rose's condition is regarded as being very favorable.Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!x'-Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Rhone 376V? . mDEATHS..RICHEY.The funeral of Mr. James Edward Richey, aged forty-four, whodied Thursday morning at the Massie Memorial Hospital, was held. Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock inthe Paris Cemetery. Services wereconducted at the grave by ShawhanLodge F. & A. M: No. 716, of whichhe had long been a member.Mr. Richey resided on Secondstreet, in this city. He had been illfor several weeks of a complicationof diseases. He is survived by hiswidow and two little daughters, agedfour and three years.RITCHIE. -The funeral of Mrs. .LoneyRitchie, aged forty-five, who died ather home in Barterviile, in Nicholascounty, Friday, was held Saturdaymorning at Rose Hill church, followed by burial in the Rose Hill Cemetery. Mrs. Ritchie was a sister of Mrs.R. H. Mattox, of Paris, who was ather bedside when death came. Sheis survived by her husband and fivechildren. Mrs. Mattox and daughters, Miss Ira Mattox, Mrs. JamesGrinnell, Jr., and Mrs. S.'T. Chipley,all of Paris, attended the funeral.NEAL.The daily papers of Louisvilletell of the death of the Rev. WilliamFoster Neal, aged sixty-one, at hishome in that city from the effects ofa stroke of paralysis received whilereading a Scripture lesson in his pulpit. He was pastor of the ParklandChristian church, at the corner ofBeech street and Southern avenue,in which he had served one year,coming from Canada, where he hadbeen in the ministry for the fifteenyears previous.Rev. Neal was a native of NorthMiddletown, this county, where hewas born in 1856. He is survivedby his widow, Mrs. Lucy Neal; fourdaughters, Mrs. J. A. Curry and MissMargaret Neal, of Louisville; Mrs.Arthur Beamish, of Winnipeg, British Columbia; Mrs. H. Abbott, Hollywood, Canada; two sons, Messrs. Walter and James Neal, of Winnipeg,Canada.The funeral was held at the familyresidence in Louisville, at eighto'clock, Saturday evening, afterwhich the body was taken to Winchester, where i was interred in theWinchester Cemetery, Sunday afternoon at three o'clock.Funeral services were held at theChurch of Christ in Winchester, Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, conducted by Eld. H. C. Lowry, assistedby Elds. H. C. Shoulders and M. C.Kurfess.tea lsaBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Weather conditions were generallyfavorable last week for the maturingof crops, rain and "sunshine alternating in seasonable proportions.September, as a result, came in withpastures, foliage, crops and gardensall looking fine.The closing week of August wasunusually cool, making wraps and extra covers comfortable. Hemp cuttingis still in progress, arid some tobaccowas cut and housed last week.Some of the hemp is short in somesections of the county, but most ofit is very fine. Help is scarce andhard to get. Farmers are payingfrom $2.00 to $2.75 per day to menworking in tobacco.Prices for garden stuff continuehigh. Roasting ears are bringingthirty, cents per dozen, homegrowncanteloupes twenty cents each, andother products in proportion. Homegrown sweep potatoes are not yet inthe market, and the Southern importations are retiling at $1.00 perEggs are again thirty-fivecents per dozen, butter forty centsper pound, and spring chickens .$7.00per dozen.11 la 1MUNICH & CO. FINED.Several months ago THE BOURBON NEWS started a fight againstthe junk dealers in Paris receivingstolen property and being generallya nuisance. As a result the CityCouncil passed an ordinance whichput a ban on their operations.Yesterday in Police Court, .MaxMunich was fined $52.50 and hismanager of his Paris branch housewas also fined $52.50 for failing ocomply with thelaws laid down bythe city, viz: Failing to keep a record of the sales and the dates andnames of the persons of whom theymade their purchases. After thetrial and conviction on . the abovecharge, Baldwin Bros, had a warrantsworn out for these men for receiving stolen property. Baldwin Bros,having recently had, taken from theirplace several hundred dollars' worthof hides, which was the cause of 'theabove warrants being issued.. PAEMER'S HAND BOOK.The Louisville & Nashville roadhas just issued an interesting andvaluable contribution to farmers' literature in the way of a "Farmers'Hand Book." This publication dealsmore, particularly with the raising ofcorn, and is profusely illustrated withcuts of seed corn of the various varieties. This book will be mailed free "ofcharge to anyone who desires a copyby addressing General Immigrationand Industrial Agent G. A. Park,care of the Louisville & Nashville1 offices, Louisville, Ky. ..IfcitRIMONIAi;. 'HUMPHREY COOPER.Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of theParis Methodist church officiated atthe wedding last week of Mr. VirgilCooper and Mis3 Naomi Humphreys,both of Paris. Mr. Cooper is employed in the S. Rummans clothing stor.TAUL CURTIS.Miss Elizabeth Taul and Mr. Buford Curtis, both of the Little Rockvicinity, were married last week inWilmore. The groom is a prosperousyoung farmer of near Little Rock.They will reside on the groom'sfarm.BLOUNT MARGOLEN.A surprise wedding which tookplace in Lexington, Sunday afternoon was that of Mr. Jakie Margolen,of Lexington, and Mrs. Rhoda Blount,of Paris, both well-known here, thisbeing the groom's former home.Mrs. Blount and her intendedhusband met in Lexington, Saturday and secured a marriage license.The ceremony was performed at twoo'clock Sunday afternoon at the homeof the officiating minister, Rev. J. W.Porter, and was witnessed by a fewpersonal friends':The groom is the son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Herman Margolen, ofParis, and a brother of Messrs. Gusand Hanzel Margolen, of Paris, LouisMargolen, of Canada, and Mrs. Geo.Schwartz," of Purcell, Oklahoma.He is now engaged in the WhiteHouse Meat Market in Lexington.The bride is a very handsome andattractive young woman, and an accomplished musician. She is thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Robertson, of Berea.1 IS 5iNORMA' TALMADGE IN "POPPY"AT ALAMO AND GRAND.Norma Talmadge, the popular Selz-nick-Picturesstar, will be seen on thescreen of the Alamo Theatre and theParis Grand Wednesday afternoonand nierht in her latest feature pho Itodrama, "Poppy." This is adaptedfrom the play by Ben Teal and JohnP. Ritter, which was taken fromCynthia Stockley's novel. The storyis intensely dramatic throughout,dealing with the life of a young girlwho graduates from drudgery to refinement. Miss Talmadge plays the part ofPoppy Destin, whose life is mouldedby three men, Luce Abinger, the unscrupulous, Dr. Bramhan, the generous, and Evelyn Carson, the lover.These persons have become known as"the three worst men. in South Africa" on account of their adventureswith women, but two of them provethat they are entitled to less sinisterdescription. Through them the uniquesituation arises of a - young womanmarried to a man without knowingit, while the man she loves and wholoves her believes his one meetingwith her was only a dream. The unraveling "of the original plot is oneof the most fascinating of the screenstories of the year.S 151 51 'SEPTEMBER'IS HERE.September, you appeal to all,Both young and old, lordlyandlowly,You stuff the hay-mow, trough andstall, .Till horse and cow's as roly-polyAs pigs is, slopped on buttermilkAnd brand, shipstuff and 'taterpeelin's And folks, too, feelin fine as silkWith all their feelin's!Riley.September, our first autumn month,is here, and will be a very eventfulone, with the opening of the city andcounty schools, and the return ofstudents to their school duties. Itwill mean a sundering of home tiesin many a home, as it will also markthe departure of drafted men forarmy service, "somewhere."On account of war conditions thesummer has passed very quietly socially, and there was very little entertaining, as nearly every moment wasdevoted to Red Cross work.The only social events of much importance were the annual dances inParis and Millersburg. The dance atthe Masonic Temple last night was inthe nature of a farewell to studentsleaving for the various schools andcolleges.5j Ei IS i .. FORMER PARIS MAN IN OILFIELDS,Mr. John C. Dowd, of Irvine, was avisitor in Paris yesterday, Mr. Dowd'was formerly connected with theParis Gas & Electric Co. He recentlyinvesteel in oil lands in Estill county,which are yielding handsome returns.He has three wells, which are producing 25, 15 and 5 .barrels per dayrespectively, and one dry well. He"recently bought in another -well onnew ground, on which pumping is inprogress. Mr. Dowd is very optimistic regarding the future of Ken-1tucky oil fields, and especiallyso regarding the Estill fields.i. fQA fS& 1& "' 'PARIS MAN INJURED.Mr. Charles Blount, of Paris, received a telegram from Hamilton,Ohio, stating that his father, 'Mr.James Blount, who with his family !recently moved there from Paris, hadsuffered a fractured skull as the result of a; fall:: The telegraip: gaveno details. -I, jt . " -'STOCK, CROP, ETC.' " - -Trainer James Hukill, of Paris,states that the J. W. Fuller string ofhorses, including Roy, Tokay, Col.Marchmont, and Beautiful Girl, wili'be shipped back to Lexington after'the meeting closes at St. Louis.A. S. Thompson & Son, of nearParis, sold the past week the follow -ing number of rams from their flockof Southdown sheep: To D. S. Parrish, of near Clintonville, 5 yearl -ings; to W. H. Gay, of Clark county,3 yearlings; to Lew Taylor, Paris, 4yearlings; to Benj. Woodford, Sr ofnear Paris, 2 yearlings; to FrankCollins, of Paris, 5 yearlings.fe fe JSI -A great man's greatness lies in hisability to interpret his age.tlll'f4fflC'yi'4fi4!'4etl"Vt'feNow is the Time toPack Your Eggs for11T ITi:T$Winter use.Use Salicylate of Soda(Liquid Water Glass)The best proportion isone part of the Water Glassto from ten to twelve partsof recently boiled water.Boil the water, let it cool,then add the water glAss.Mix it well with the water.You may then place theeggs in the solution. You ido not have to put all theeggs that you want to keep Jm tn.e solution at one time, 2as you can keep adding eggsas you get them fresh. JWfi pan fnrrn'shvvon withthe liquid water glass inany quantities at the following prices:Pint.Quart. 25c.35cSpecial price in larger quan-tities. iBROOKS & SNAPPDRUG COMPANY jThe Penslar Store. ?Cut out this adgerve for futureand pre-reference.I Final ClearancePrices Cut Deep onMen's, Women's and Children'sSUMMER FOOTWEARIVEmphatic reductions on cv&ry pair of shoes in the house.I:iwe muse unioaa.main unsold: .Be here this week withoutI-Two and Three Pairs for the Former9Ladies' Grey and Champagne Kid Col, onette Pumps, 84.00, sale price. ..$1.95Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pumpr,$2.00, side price $1.49Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $4.00 and $4.50, sale price$2.95Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price.Ladies7 broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00.sale price $ .99Ladies Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,$3.50, sa'e price $2.4'5Lb dies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price. $1.45Boys', Misses'1aris' Greatest ShoeStoreilllllllMllllllilllHIIIMIHIIIIIIimilllHlThe Name Telfe a True Storym' 2j21S' gmgmSuperiorDoubleWMWRun Positive ForceGrain Feeds. "Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up. wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.j Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.j Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.S Oscillating Drag Bar Headsj Si J(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety LeversTake up least room in storing. ' "Two-Part Axle Hangers'-Not necessary to strip axlein! G. S. BALLGor. Fourth andEven Sowing Means Even GrowingSALErrices marked so lowMen's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price.. $3.49Men's "White Cloth English Oxfords.Walk-Over, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1 .99"Mexu's Patent Colt English Oxfords,and Shoes, $5. 00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,and Shoes, $4.50, sale pri.ee $3.50Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price . . $2,99"Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00 "sale price $1.99.$2ft451and Children's School Shoes AtBargain Prices!DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignFeaturesGraincase of accidental breakage.Pleasant S8not a oair willre-fail and huvPriceof One!sGARAGEj,aA-vVV-.'ir-i oHM',.ql-"3-.lki,