THE BOURBON 'NEW3-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR, f?rVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1917,Austria-HungaryBreaks With TheUnited States.A CALL FOR SERVICE.! The following bulletins received today:j "The indications from Washingtonare that a bill will pass in a few days 'providing for Compulsory Universal 1Military Service. This will mean that !Germans Sink Own Ship In youns unmarried men, probably bo...v-i. w ogca vi iweui ciiiu uiirty.will be drawn into the service. Theextent of the service and the carnageincident to it no one can foretell. Forthis reason, as representatives of theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany, there is no no service du?our country from us, thatmore sacrifice andPresident's WarProclamation A Remarkable DocumentBIG MASS MEETINGCALLED FOR SATURDAY.Harbor of Guam RatherThan Surrender To UnitedStates Commander.WASHINGTON, April 9. Baronjtrich Zwiedinek, charge of the Austraflungarian embassy here, to-day de-A big petition signed by every merchant in Paris, asking Mayor Hinton and County Judge McMillan to calla patriotic mass meeting to be held atthe court house Saturday, was circulated in Paris yesterday by Mr. RobertS. Porter and others..ines of Conduct For The"Alien Enemy" Defined ' Th ?etition as presented t0 cJ for their signatures reads as follows:in nam Language. i & honorable mayor oiWASHING-TON, April 6. Presidentrequires Wilson to-day issued this war proclaheart-break- mation:ing effort than our solemn dutv to spg "Whereas, the Conm-ess of Hia TTiiif..wanded his passports. By this act that every man in our territory, at ed States, in the exercise of the con-Austor-Hunprybrea-KS off diplomatic present inadequately insured, has this !stitutional authority in them, have re-relations wun me united btates. matter powerfully andBy pre-arrangement, Spain will take nlaced before him."THE CITY OF PARIS AND THE"HONORABLE JUDGE OF BOUR"BON COUNTY:"We, the undersigned citizens ofParis and Bourbon county, realizingthat the entire citizenship of this cityand county desire in, some manner toprayerfully solved by joint resolution of the Sen- express their loyalty to their countrymere is not a ate and House of Represntatives. bear- and to Prpsirlpnt wnnn ah this nriHiover the diplomatic and consular in- man connected with this Agency Force ing date this day, that a state of war -period, do hereby petition you to issueerebu ul li.c umceu outiw m Auauw Wiio will not stand ready to make thai between the United States and the Im- a proclamation namine Saturdav afterJtangary. All Austrian consular agents supreme sacrifice necessary WHENmil depart from the United States EVER, WHEREVER and HOWEVERvitli the diplomtic mission, as was the duty calls. So in this spirit let us pushcase with Germany. our work and get in every applicationAustria's break with the United possible BEFORE THE COMPANYStates undoubtedly is the prelude to a PUTS ON ITS WAR CLAUSE. Somedeclaration of a state of war. j companies have already done so andI we are, ..hourly, expecting notice fromWASHINGTON, April 9. The in- the Northwestern to that effect.Torned German cruiser Cormorant ha:jneen blown up by its crew in the harbor of Guam. The ship was destroyedbj the Germans as United States marmes were going to seize the vessel.One German warrant officer and oneGerman enlisted man were killed, and"If you fail to put these facts beforeevery citizen in your territory, whowill be subject to military service, orwho has sons who will be, you are asrecreant to your duty as though youwere to desert, under fire, in the faceof an enemy invading our Nationalperial German Government, which has noon, April 14, as a time for all thebeen thrust upon the United States, loyal citizens of the city and county tois hereby formally declared: assemble at the Bourbon County Court"Whereas, it is provided by section House at 4 o'clock, at which time res4067 of the Revised Statutes as fol- olutions will be read declaring our loytows: aity to our country, our President and"Whenever there is declared a war our flag. We also request you to askbetween the United States and any all merchants to close their places offoreign nation or Government or any business between the hours of 2 and 3invasion of predatory incursion is per- o'clock in order to enable their erapetrated, attempted or threatened ployes to take .part in the patrioticagainst the territory of the Unif- demonstration."ed States by any foreign na-, In compliance with the call Mayotion or Government, and the Hintoa and Judge McMillan got toPresident makes public proclama- gether and prorauigated the call, whichtion of the event, all natives, citizens :R nilhnsi,pri hoimv n fnii--one warrant oincer ana iour ennsiea Boundaries. If we know our minds : denizens or subjects of a hostile namen are missing. The navy depart- a hearts, there is not a selfish tion or Government, being male of the "TO THE PUBLIC:TDent statement indicated the missing thouelit findinir lorlnment in this anneal inefi of 14 venrs ami nmvnrrl. wlrn shall "Believiner that everv citizen of Parisiren nas escaped, iwenty uerman yoUi but only a sincere desire to aidofficers, 21 warrant officers and 321 in alleviating, in 'some degree, the sufenlisted men of the vessel were taker. fering that will follow war.prisoners. I "The things to which we are callingThe Cormorant was a converted your attention may not materialize, bu:nruiser, active in the early days of the we are 110W jn a state of War andvar in raiding allied commerce in the know not what the end may be. Thesouth Pacific. nation is actively and vigorously pro-paring against'these possibilities and itWASHINGTON. April 9. Kentucky is our dutVf as citizens, to support the-will be called upon to furnish to the wort and jt is also our duty, as LifeFederal army under the call for 1,000 insurance men, TO INSIST THATCOO men approximately 20,000; from THE INDIVIDUAL LIKEWISE PREthis number will be deducted the num- pare FOR THE DISASTERS WHICHber now in the Kentucky national LIB BEYOND THE PALE OF GOVjroard. v ERNMENT ASSISTANCE.During the second year of the war, ' Let us put a concrete propositionshould the second million of men be iJefore you.called for Kentucky would have to fur "Suppose some neighbor or friend ofuJBh a full 20,000 men. This number yours, between forty-five and sixtyis on the basis of 1,800 for each Con- years of age, has two boys of militarygressional district of the State. age. Under normal conditions, it isIt is the plan to take first those who out natural for him to feel that inare now twenty-five years old, after eVent ofjiis death,, his wife and daughthat, if necessary to secure the desir ters could look to these sons for supe& number, those twenty-four year old pt and comfort But perhaps withThose who are married, or who have these boys in the army and a violentother persons dependent upon them for war raging, this man should be takensupport, or those who are especially from his family, or suppose that thesedisqualified, will not be taken. Doys should be killed in battle, the onlyinstitution known to present day civillbe within the United States and not and Bourbon county, at this criticalactually naturalized, shall be liable to period, desires in some way to expressbe apprehended, restrained, secured loyalty to our country, a mass meetingand removed as alien enemies. jof the citizens of Paris and BourbonMay Make Regulations. J county is hereby called to meet at the"The President is authorized in any court house on Saturday afternoon atsuch event by his proclamation there- two o'clock to pass resolutions to beof, or other public acts, to direct the ( sent to President Wilson declaringconduct to be observed on the part o'( loyalty of this community to him, tothe United States toward aliens who our country and to our flag, and ourbecome so liable; the manner and de- readiness to do our part in upholdingjnee ot tne restraint to wnicn iney lour national nonorshall be subject and in what cases andupon what security their resistanceshall be permitted, and to provide forthe removal of those who, not beingpermitted to reside within the UnitedStates, refuse or neglect to depart;and to establish any such regulationswhich are found necessary in the premises and for the public safety;"Whereas, by Sections 4068, 4069 and407ft nf the Reviser! Statutes. furtheprovision ft? made relative to alien., ejufc Vti . -emies:"Now, therefore, I, Woodrow WilsonPresident of the United States ofAmerica, do hereby proclaim, to allwhom it may concern, that a stateof war exists between the UnitedStates and the Imperial German Gov-prooamj THBR AND SONS SHOULD ALL BE states that they exercise vigilanceLEXINGTON, KY., April 9. Lexing- zatjon that can in a measure cover this 'eminent, and I do specially direct allton will be the point of mobilization tragedy js Ljfe insurance. THE FA-1 officers, civil or military, of the Unitedfor Kentucky troops andthose from adjacent States. NSURED.A dispatch from Washington this "This is a call to duty and servicemorning states that the city has been to0 serjous to be ignored and we imofficially designated and that the only plore yoUf in tnG name of humanity,question is as to which of two farms not t0 spare yourselves in carryingthat have been under consideration tnis message to your fellowmen.and zeal in the discharge of the dutiesincident to such a state of war, and Ido, moreover, earnestly appeal to allAmerican citizens that they in loyaldevotion to their country dedicated! from its foundation to principles of lib--will be selected. j "With a profound prayer that these 'erty and justice, uphold the laws orKentucky now is in the Department possiDilmes which, are gathering on' the land and give undivided and willxjZ the East and General leonaru the uorizon of our National Peace, mayWood, its present commander, has ap- be dispeiied by a Merciful and All Wiseproved one of the tracts. May 1, the proviaence.State goes into the Central Depart p s IP FOr ANY REASON Aroent, General Thomas H. Barry, com- prqsPECT PREFERS TO PLACEmanding. General Barry prefers the ms INSURANCE ELSEWHERE, IN-olier camp site. It is believed here SIST THAT HE SHALL DO SO ATthat an agreement on one or the other 0NCE."will be reached speedily. Let me urge you to call at my officeto-day, as we know not what we canLOUISVILLE, KY., April 9. Reports offer latenof German intrigue to stir up disloyal-1 R. F. CLENDENIN,tT and sedition among the negroes of Associate General Agent the Norththe country are confirmed in a report j western Mutual 'Life Insurance Corncompleted by. Roscoe Conkling Sim- panyirons, of Louisville, national leader of CumD. Phone 37, Home Phone (2;his race telling how a semi-official in- Residence, Cumb. 353.vestigation made by him showed the 201 First National Bank Buliding. -utterfailure of these plots. Dr. Sim- (9.lt)jt i, infrtrmntion in tne .mons nas piaceu mc -. ,hands of President wnson,(Continued on Page 2.)Every merchant in Paris is requested to close his place of business from.2 to 3 o'clock so that everyone mayhave an opportunity to attend thismeeting. Every patriotic citizen ofthe county and city is expected andurged to be present."J. T. HINTON,"Mayor of Paris."c. a. McMillan,"Judge Bourbon County."WE KNOW HOWNettieton Fine Shoesare the best high grade shoes made in the United States.If you have never worn Nettieton Shoes you cannot appreciate what a splendid shoe they are. When other factories try to lower the price by cheapening the quality,the Nettieton Shoe remains the same dependable qualitythat has made them famous the country over. Our stockof Nettletoti Shoes for Spring in Black Vici Kids, BlackChrome Calf and Light Weight Tan Russia Calf HighShoes and Oxfords you will find in all sizes and styles.Nettieton Shoes Will Cost You $8.00 and $8.50but the price is in keeping with the fine quality that theyare. We would advise you to buy your shoes now, as allgrades of leather is advancing beyond the retailers7 expectations and this Fall shoes will be considerably higher.Bl KKFWWWM.rfNE fREHV ViKVia mmr1 i imECgFIBER CUSHIONWAJHHZR SOLE 7M,".j-.---r,wwi,-j..-i-v7.'l7jnriu j j iiiiiiuu-!: 11 ,jjjjnj)T.r A IT t FATltn ftv .f. w-r i-c.s-incri uui otjMMtaMMteAMMAUi5SwWWwmmIStCTlONAL VIEW SHOWING CONSTRUCTION OF ZOLZDr. A. REED'S CUSHION SHOE(patented)J- P. Smith. Shoe Company, MakersDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesYou all know they are one of the old land marks of Paris.Many a man who suffered with aching feet has been madehappy and comfortable by following Dr. Heed's adviceand wearing the soft cushion-sole shoe which bears hisname.Price $7.00 and $7.50Mitchell & Blakemorehas been.countries.established through manyTUCKERTON, N. J., April 9. FiveGermans who formerly represented theGerman Imperial Government at thebig radio station here until the Federalauthorities assumed charge a monthago, were arrested here by Federalagents. It is believed the men weretaken into custody on suspicion of being implicated in a conspiracy to destroy the plant.AttornejMANILLA, April 9. The formerGerman vice consul at Cebu. C, Anre,was arrested as a measure of precaution. For three months rumors haveiCopvrtcht 1917. A. B. Klrsctabaam Co. JGr.naSecreUnrofWarraentV.MDaker.. . -.-.. 3 2n 11 '. II 1 11SII 1 I til'.LlUll U.U-LUil-tn Procidpnt wns-nn tmuuibtuK -" "American action. e Dlnna aM "WASHINGTON, Apru "";" of war with Germany,being seriously cjmjjdjj e ,t war revenue measure. A ROME, April 8. - Great crowds,lates as a war revenue ',.,,. . . nA raoi,i inct mVht.in declaring a state .Officials say he made no headway.WASHINGTON, April 9. Seizure of jall radio stations in the United Statesuie . .V -inri n nnssGssions. oDeration of thosemtfinarv letter under the plan propos headed by bands, marched lastnigni communication ami??1,!rirp a 4 cent stamp and to the residence of Thomas Nelson ftt wr ftllthorized byPage, American Amabssador where bthpv enthusiastically acclaimed Presi- riZ' . r x, a- .o ,iq.COPBNHAGBSTSra 9 -Great bit- wll50n and the United states JZlsLl7r.tarness has been aroused .amon a ew ally. nary steps t0TOrd g it out a,.,oc hv the terms vi - ine Amuaauui a.m .o. Qetl AVUU1U. itiju..- na;, postal card would cost 2 centsready are in progress. It is understood,that all plants for which no place can" mLr. according to Mr. d with the Embassy staff on aWheTer. of the University of Wiscon baloony fr which waved Americau wpeleB; system,sin. Uie last American 10 iwv and itanan nags.Snr the war declaration became ef-, Replying to the address of a deputefSuve He arrived hero Saturday to Ambassador Page said it was imincluding amateur apparatus for whicnclose search will be made, are to beput out of commission immediately.Young Men! Come to OurS Yn.,'11 P. rU C(v1o Ynu Wanf IA Vf U xV b bUv tsJ A vr M. 1 1 UUlStore !The cut above represents one of our new models. It carries graceful lines in long, narrow lapels, three-button front and the popular belt back. Every well dressed young man,and every man who likes young style, will have at least one of these belt-backs in his wardrobe. The colors: greys greens, blues, browns, and every new pattern, are made up inall wool fabrics. Walsh Clothes give you everything you are looking forfit, style and,above all, best quality for the least money.$12.00 to $30.00He was the only Amer- ible for llim to express the pro?m on the train crossing iu """" ;, found feeling surrea m aim "5ut the time the news of the format demonstration ia appreciation of, BROWNSBORO, TEXAS, April 9.declaration was received in Germany. thQ step taken by his country. Pro-American sentiment is spreading" ti President! - rapidly in Mexico, and General Car-PNAMA, April 9- TUe ; n j " anza is reported to be considering:of the Republic of Panama, u' WASHINGTON, April 9. Suppres- routing all Germans out of the MexiValdez, signed a proclamation of Germau propaSanda in Soutb n Army, according to informatioiraitUng Panama unreserve diy u America was discussed at the State sent t0 Washington by United State3a:istanoe of the TJnlted7 p!lesident Department by Counsellor Polk and consul Johnson in Mantamoras across'defense of the Canal. The t-r Ambassador Spring-Rice. Huge war the river from Brownsville..IriiM tlie exequaturs of all tne Germans in SouthGerman consuls to E 'anam America, it is known, have been usedIt is announced that w d for interfering in various ways with As to the $250,000 job left by an en-residents in Panama wiu suppUes to the Allies and for furnish Hsted Kansag cityite, he should haveif they give & evidence ot uci" supplies to German raiders. An ro trouble in finding a substitute tovolved in plots. . after extensive German underground system fill it." r ,The proclamaUon was issueu2 A Complete and Up-to-the-Minute Line of Furnishings AreHere For Your Inspection.S Knox HatsS $3 to 5Shirts$1 to $5C. & K. Hats$3.50R. P. WALSHMain and Seventh ONE-PRICE STORE Paris, KentuckytM.-$t "FAGETWTHE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1S17.uMiH'jti.1The Bourbon NewsferttbUthed 1881 35 Yean of Con-tlnuous Publication.ii i iulUl . .yir-' Mfli m II ii nr....$2.00 Six Months.. $1.00d.-ii- -. jjty a.WFF CHAMP, Editor and Owner,-; , JCfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,- Poetoffice as Mail Matter of the, cond Class.),v -fLe le0U. reflectlon uPnv "Mter. standing or reputation ofmay person, urm or corporation wnicnay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor -tted if brought to attention of thetofcitor. IADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issueCardsyvi?M & vs.rds of thanks, calls on candi-' Senate and permit a real American to, obituaries and resolutions, andjtake his piaCe. Louisville Post.datestmilar matter, 10 cents per lineSpecials rates for large advertiseaents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesiust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.i4ro She;e s weak kd."'EDITORIAL MUSINGS IlneysTl if o thom ? ,1. ; flpinv !srWhat Free Government Means.The granting to the English peopk700 years ago of the Magna Charterseems an event of very distinct interest Yet all through our daily lifebe iiound ideas and principles that datei'lC"back to this historic occasion.Ijt present veneration owes its debt tothose who ages ago asserted the right. .A school boy was asking the otherabout the method of procedure inornseWaKTeStender TztSv the police officer to be 'clearivSSr without am mstion nbout 'polity, without an question about i-emed ;trange. 1 !,ie.bloy Uiat-hld not be punished Without goimrf 'ia(ifniic nm;nrt i..,..-. i lit. ii.. i. ,.... . ,.uirougu wim uie lorinaiiij' 01 talcinghim before a court. Perhaps somegrown-ups will think so too.As the boy grows older he will findrunning through our life the MagnaCnkpfcer principle, that no one be condemned on suspicion, or in an irregular or informal way. Everv accusedperson must have his chance in couif been selected by the members of theto prove his innocence, before a jury recently-organized Chapter of the RedIf be wishes. This and similar Magna Cross in Paris: Mrs. Arthur B. Han.Charter principles add to the comfor cock Mrs- Jolm F- Davis Mrijof living in the United States, and ' Thompson Tarr Mrs J. Simms il1 .pare us the fussy intrusiveness of "-sr. ffio?ny ol ine oiaer governments, liuijtbe individual often abuses this liberty. IThe rowdy disturbs the quiet of the'Grifiiith and Rachel Wigginsstreets and public conveyances. "Whena policeman asks him to keep quiet.he retorts "This is a free country.Ain't it?" The offender in the courUSe sheltered by technicalities and formalities. These are the tools withwhich, clever lawyers postpone justice 'interminably in behalf of wealthy cli4Ct.ThB criminal, the corrupt legislatorth.e political boss, the fraudulent con-jS2E. llJAmerican protection thrown about theindividual comes in very handy in their .xxxCaB. xuexe ib a. growing leeiing ijand; secretary, Miss Nancy .Grimtn;that the evils resulting from a wide treasurer, Frank P. Kiser; assistantdegree of freedom may to-day be al-' ti easurer, Mrs. Frank P. Kiser.;ot as serious as those resulting! Tne First Aid classes will beginfrom the tvranny of kings in the old tlieir work next week- The afternoon&YS of the Magna Charter. icla.f, wil1 be conducted by Dr. J. M.! Williams, and the evening class byFlag Day Thoughts. 'Dn Charles G. Daugherty.Many patriotic people of recent years&re heen thinking about how the flag.as the national symbol, can be made-the- object of warmer affection, and asa, result of this feeling, nearly everyday in the year can now be celebatedFlag Day. 'One reason why the love for the fla?. enumeni tnau neeas active cui-(..fiftv vears. patient research and extlTabon. is that national spirit Islperimenting. each one prepared fromUroMed and dimmed by State spirit. formula discovered by "an exper?FOitr country includes a vast range of'enced dental surgeon;" each one beijterritory, the most diverse elements of ter than the other (we.vc tried all oCpulatiori whose economic interest; ,em) and yet the poor sufferer has tore different. These divergent elp-relv at last upon his local dentist in:'jmmU have been held togather by i time oC trouble and distress.iSraming a large degree of local self.ioontrol. ; By allowing the people of each local-I Ifty to settle home concerns, a greatjpefcl m friction is avoided. But thaytwilt'ofthls wise policy is to obscuretofce power and influence of the federalppOTtmmrnt There are many peopl?twitofft hearts or emotions are never$faWhiOi. by a symbol expressing uMMwer o remote from daily life., ,3Tt the flag and the power back ofj t Jtoaas for popular government, theaVtAESi3ENTS WARtue old world to grief. It means peace iful development of our resources, edu-1cation for all, equal opportunity so far ias human nature permits, a freedom !Irom arbitrary interference Dy govern-"I"! J J ""-"'menuThe government comes closer intoeveryday existence than it used to.its experts show us how to till oursoils, its money develops water coursesbrigs out reso.urcf d lt Protects us from menacinS foreign aggres-sion. Flag Day is an occasion whenthe schools and other agencies shouldemphaize the real meanings of ou-America, and urge all to emulate thenoMe nualities of those who created... . . 10nthls s'mbo1 139 'ears aS-iMORE BUZZARD THAN EAGLE., Senator V. J. Stone, of Missouri,gave a statement to tne press mimediately after the President's speech tov,uibiCaa, :uu,,ua, ,u;unlb uaw, .j I am against a declaration of war.j out, wuen n is ueciarea, 1 win ue aj i Wfcjic oiicuiiuut, no iuuu u.o inviiio i nofrln pnvAnmuifr o c IsmwI orrest. Blood is thicker than water andno matter hat opinions a man mighlhniA nltmif inn irtrwl nf to o AMinia,w uuui iu. i.cw i , auj lwvposition would be contemptible and noAmerican would contemplate it."I The best service Wm. J. Stone can'give to his country is to keep quiet., , A. ' . , L , , ,.and permit the country to forget that(he is still a Senator. Mr. Stone may! "scream like a war eagle" after war is! rlanlo tq1 linf ii ntinrkf fnrcrrtf Hiof lwUfcl'm"-"' ""- "- -". i.wj. i..ii. i.v'operated as a buzzard before the dec'laration of war. He turned his backupon his country at the time he wasreallv in a .nosition to render someservice to her. He played the gameifor a foreign enemy, and he cannnotnow redeem himself by idle chatterabout war eagles.If. Mr. Stone really wishes to servehis rnmitrv. 1st liim msiim frnm HjHELPFUL WORDS FROMA PARIS CITIZEN.Is your back lame aud painful?Does it ache, especially after exertion?Is there a soreness in the kidneyI ' .Weak kidneys get weaker last. i"' - "UIW1 ut i"iuv aim uu- -"- ' i"--". j.Give vour trouble prompt attention. Part frm the United States in the military camp or other place of detenDoan's Kidney Pills are for weak manner prescribed by Sections 4069 Hon may be directed by the Presikidneys iand 4070 of tne Revised Statutes and dent-v. ",! wc iico nn,i rnmn.mri as prescribed in the regulations dulr, "s proclamation and the regulathem.I Read this Paris testimonyMrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth Street,Paris, 'savs:' "I have used Doan's Kid -' .. ... ..ney Pills a few times, getting theDi:find necessary in the premises and forfrom the Arder' Dru5 Co., andui.. i s. t i . :..,i t nnMn:ni.I LUB UtSIltlllL 1 IliVVK ICLCItCU. i tCl tl.llll.Y.think they are a good, reliable reme -S ySTwS11! tabox or so oC Doan's Kidne Pills,They have always relieved me of thei .Price 50 cents at all dealers Don't.. Fr Ce0" lentS aLal... a. . T.K 'Doan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milburn Co .Props.. Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)RED CROSS OFFICERS.The following Board of Directors hasVvm G McClintock, Misses Lucy B.simms, Corinne Collins, Mary NancyThe following by virtue of their oflices were also made members of theBoard: Mayor John T. Hinton, MrCatesby Spears, president of the ParisCommercial Club; Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, president of the Federation of Woman's Clubs; Dr. D. B. Anderson, president of the BourbonCounty Medical Association, "alid-MrsM. H. Dailey, president of the CivicLeague.The Board of Directors elected the."aW Spears-' rS vice-cSfollowing: officers for 1917: Chairman, Mrs. John F. Davis; second vice-chairinan; Mrs. Fanniebelle Slither-THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The papers and magazines of theUnited States carry in their editionsthe advertisements of about 50,000different dentrifices; all guaranteed tot-oHo'o nr- nlicnlntnlv fliriT fnoh OllGthe best; each one the result orP. S. This is no advertisement!EASTER DECORATIONS.Paris merchants, always among themost enterprising, have decoratedtheir show windows 'in Easter attire.Some of them are really works ofart. Paris is to be congratulated uponhaving a lot ot live wires in businesscircles. The Paris stores are a creditto the community and the progressivaage.snnniv asK ior a. Kiuuev reiueuv khv" w ,... ...j ...u Vi ...PROCLAMATION A RE-.MARKABLE DOCUMENT. uonunuea trom -age l.jin? Riinrv.-irt tn thnsp mpnsnrpq wniniimay be adopted by the constitutionalauthorities in prosecuting the war to asuccessful issue and in obtaining asecure and just peace;Must Preserve Peace."And, acting under and by virtue 01the authority vested in me by theConstitution of the United States andthe said sections of the Revised Stat-utes' . . -.. npftf.ln!m nTlfl,. " ; "idirect mat uie conauct 10 ue ooserveaon the part of the United States to-ward all natives, citizens, denizens or,suojects ot uermany, oeing maies, os.he age o 14 years alld upward Whushall be witMn the United stat anUtwlf nntnu ,.., u0,i wi, fr i.oHUl UlUUilJ HULUlUllUUi UllUi A.WA HIVpurpose of thig prociamati0n and undersuch sectlong oC the Rovise(1 statulCo' are termed alien enemies, shall be asr.iin,.,,,.AH alen enemieg are cnjoIned tnreservc the toward the Unitcdstates and to refram from crimeagainst the public safety, and fromviolating the laws of the United Statesrirwl nf tlr Stnfoc niwl iprrifnriot;.,,, , . e . e 1.11thereof and to refrain from actual hos-..... . . infni.mtttnn nin nrw ...k vi t-ji.mt, IIUUIUIUUUU, "") "icomfort, to the enemies of the UnitedStates, and to comply strictly with.. .i: ... 1.. 1. 1 1...t . , e - AJ. ,whch may from time to time promul-f?""1 ", ne ao an" so 10.Sthe: sha11 cnd1uct themselves m ac-cj?rfdacei th law they shall be un-lliotlll'linl ill I10 nnnnaful mircmf - ";"-""-" - ,m v w.u,eir ,u;ef, a,m occupations- an beaccorded the consideration due to allpeaceful and law-abiding persons, ex 'J,v-"v-i"1 "u mn "um1"8 JUOU"a "-cept s0 far as restrictions may be nee-cssar' for their own Protection and for,the safety of the United. states and t0,wuu buuii uue:i enemies as conauct1 themselves in acordance with law, allcitizens of the United States are en-joined to preserve the peace and totreat them with all such friendlinessas may bo compatible with loyalty andallegiance to the United States.Liable to Restraint.! ii i: : 1 . iiconduct themselves as so enjoined inaddition to all other penalties prescrib-ed by law, shall be liable to restaint,Iai in rrifn ninl . .. .1 .1..promulgated by the President. tlons Herein contained shall extend"And pursuant to the authority vest- and aPPb' to all land and water, coned in me, I hereby declare and estab- tinential or insular, in any way within,lish th following regulations, which Iifiri1 unison..,. : 1. ,: 1 r . ..luiuu"7nlJ'! l. An alien eenemy shall not have-j m his posses ionatay time or placeT'co "SSSMaxim or other silencer.KrmS r explosives or material U8ed inthe manufacture of explosives,2. An alien enemy shall not havem his possession at any time or placeL i.a nr nnpn.0 nnv nlrnmff nr wlr.less apparatus or any form of signal-ing device, or any form of cipher codoor any paper, document or book, wri' -. .xi .. . ...leu or prinieu in cipner or in whichthere may be invisible writing."3. All property found in the possession of an alien enemy in violation ofthe foregoing regulations shall be subject to seizure by the United States.Must Avoid War Plant."4. An alien enemy shall not approach or be found within one half Imile of any Federal or State fort,camj), arsenal, aircraft station, Government or naval vessel, navy yard, factory or workshop for the manufacture of munitions of war or of any pro-!ducts for the use of the army or navy."5. An alien enemy shall not writ1print or publish any attack or threat!against the Government or Congress of !the United States or either branchthereof, or against the measures or !policy of the United States, or agains'the persons or property of any person jin the military, naval or civil servicsof the United States or of the Statesor territories, or of the District of Columbia or of the municipal governments therein."6. An alien enemy shall not commit or abate any hostile acts agains jthe United States or give information, iaid or comfort to its enemies. I"7, An alien enemy shall not reside I Round-trip Winter Tourist Ticketsin or continue to reside in to remair on sale daily 0ct 2' 1916' untl1 Apnlin or continue 10 resiue in, u reman. 3Q m wUh fmal retum limit Mavm or enter any locality which the Pres zlf m7f tQ aU principal tourist polnf3ident may from time to time designate In Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiby an executive order as a prohibitive anaf Mississippi, New Mexico, Northarea in which residence by an alien Carolina, South Carolina, Texas andenemy shall be found by him to consti i Havana, Cuba, allowing liberal stoptute a danger to the public peace and over privileges on both going and resafety of the United States except by, turn trip. Also low round-trip Homepermit from the President, and except eekeJs Tl(ets ?n salenfirft and third..-., i. m8 ' f,.;,.; ' Tuesdays of each month to points rauuCi uUI inmuiwuiio ul lc" """"as the President may prescribe.Must Move If So Told."8. An alien enemy whom thoPresident shall have reasonable cause,to believe to be aiding or about to aidthe enemy or to be at large to the dan-!ger of the public peace or safety of jthe United States, or to have violatedor to be about to violate any of theseregulations, shall remove to any location designated by the President bvexecutive order, and shall not removetherefrom without permit, or shall depart from the United States if so required by the President."9. No alien enemy shall departfrom the United States until he shallhave received such permit as thePresident shall prescribe, or exceptunder order of a Court, Judge or Justice, under Section 4069 and 4070 ofthe Revised Statutes."10. No alien enemy shall land in-, t ..,. y .(C1 gf J 7y wHave a Bottle Handy!loan's Liniment is assigned itsnlace among the trusted familyfJ remedies in thousands of medi-. ueofe rCAr, ;n it ;i , .1 r rr .oasca on me uiiuorm ciicciivciicbbwith which it banishes the pains of, . 1 1 .. -rheumatism, neuralgia, gout, lumbago,Gore stiff muscles, bruises, 6prains andstrains. Gleaner and easier to use thanraussy plasters or ointments. It penetratesand relieves quickly without rubbingAt all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $l.uU.or enter the United states except un.der such restrictions and at suchpIaces as the Presi(lent may prescribe,11 If necessary to prevent vIoIa.. - ... ....Uon oC tlie regulations all alien ene-mies wiU be ol)liged to register.Subject to Arrest.12. An alien enemy whom thereniay be reasonable cause to believe tobe aiding or about to aid the enemy.or who arat large to the danger ofthe public pSace or safety, or who vioiates 0r who attempts to violate, or ofwllom tiere is reasonable grounds tobelieve that .be is about to violate anyregulation to be promulgated by thePresident or any criminal law of theUnited States, or of the State or ter-ntories thereof, will be subject tocummirv nrroct lir flio TTriifrwl CJotnoby the United States Marshal or hisdeputy, or such officers of the Presi-dent shall designate, and to confine-TTIOIlf 1 Tl Cllpll TIOnHoilf lnri' Tll-lorkTl "Jnilthe jurisdiction of the United States."KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYvInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 o. m.11:00 p. raLexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. mS:00 a. m8:50 a. m10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.ParisvforLexington5? a' m', 01-otio a. m., g-QO a m9l45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.WinterTourist TicketsJ Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and i(Mississippi, with final return limit jI twenty-one days from date of sale.For further information, call on or ad-dress,W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.Kentuckya rT Ill I nmiini g mmmrnLow Round Trip Rates From Paris and All Way StationsLouisvile & Nashville RailroadTICKETS ON SALE APRIL 24-25-26; LIMIT MAY 1Cute Bros. Department Store$ vcntb ana main $t$. Paris, winmtyTobacco5AAll Grades at LowestPrices.2mQTwoRrns'CO3S$$33SC3a$8$s$e;?lHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathi but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.00 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single,, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, ?0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 2.5$) echTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European Ptet Qmiy.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Privste Bz&i, $S ijSBEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the Trho3e lH3frand only a three-block's walk to the retail district and theatres. "" 'l"i"i'wS"'I"IM'X,S!ItJs'Greater and Better Sunday Schools for a Greater andf Better KentuckyGg !o Sunday School OafFor All Kentucky IsI MAY 6, 1917 IOne Million People Will AttendCome, Let Us Go to Sunday School!KENTUCKY SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATION'I"M'C"K"K"HI"H'IL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.13i Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily 1 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday J 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday . 7:35 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday , ...7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily . ! ! !l0:12 am33 Chicago, daily- 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday ." 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3-Q0 pjn138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily ! 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday gjig pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ,". ... 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ! !l038 pm130 Lexington Daily V.V.. .10:23 p mTRAINS FOR . LEAVENo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 1. 112.117:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 17:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 1119:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 1957 am133 Lexington, daily Ill0:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 1.111 .12:04 pro-26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday Ill"" 5 57 nm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 11. 11 1111!. 6-00 Z14 Maysville, daily except Sunday rIoo Z.m32 Chicago, daily "11111111.1 638 om30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 11111.11 6-4S nm139 Lexington, Sunday only q-qa Jim118 Maysville, Sunday only n:Vk Jm119 Rowland, Sunday only wn 2129 Lexington; Daily "I'll .V.::.:'. 'if ?if d& o. ri?xjk&tt-rK?k.jLxiMO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7.oR m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 550 nnTRAINS DEPART FOR PVrawfrtVKy-'rPl7i,Ex-c.Suiida ' 8:25 a. m.3 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6.-25 D. -TEducationalLOUISVILLE, APRIL18SEE NEAREST L. & N. AGENT FOR PARTICULARSCottonOep'tStore'C,C"I'IIH''l''IH,M,,Mt'yiAssociation""HKf '"""TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY,PAGETHRDANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thagood Democrats below as candidiatesat- the Democratic primary on August4. 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark Countv.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,.. ... Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L.' C. Ashcraf t !as deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONFOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.GOUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL, 'JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,Df Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NortJiMiddletown, as deputy. jGEO. D. SPEAKES,of Park with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at DeputyFOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HIXTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.I LARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINNUMBER REDUCED.The number of county tax super-visors was cut from five to three andthe date of their appointment by Coun-ty Judges changed from the Novenvber to the January term of court, inthe Legislature, at Frankfort, Tues-day. Senator Theodore Diehl, of Lou-isville, introduced the amendment imaking these changes. The cut in the !number of supervisors reversed an !amendment adopted in the Housewhich increased the number fromLLLTOtS IU 11VC. 1UC OUIJCHIDUIS, uu-jder the new tax system, do not beginwork until March, and this was responsible for changing the datetheir appointment.forHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Rn-ward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Med-Hall's Catarrah Medicine has been towaril increased efficiency of the sertaken by catarrh sufferers for the past100,thrity-five years, and has become (known as the most reliable remedy i STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.for Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine'acts through the Blood and Mucoussurfaces, expelling the Poison fromthe Blood and healing the diseasednortions.After you have taken Hall's CatarrhMedicine for a short time you will see tender tissues. Don't neglect a lingera exeat improvement in your general ing cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell'shealth. Start taking Hall's CatarrhMedicine at once and get rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.(april-adv)Although the New Mexican militiais to be delayed a month through lackof shoes, the issues have been readyfor & year.Under existing circumstances King,mstantine would be willing to tradeConstantia share of his crowncyclone cellar.forgoodRest aiojour ease,In spite ojjreee;jjmourcoa isure toplease:DON'T let a cold snapbother you any.Keep that coal binfilled up. If you need itnow you can have itpromptly, because our delivery is as full of speed asour coal is full of quality.BURNPOX RIDGECOALW. C. D0DS0Nmm e vmMim ttfrmihBELGIAN RELIEF COMMITTEEACTIVELY AT WORK.The following statement, made inLondon, at the headquarters of theCommission for Relief in Belgium,was given out by the Associated Pressrecently:"We can state positively that not ajingle carload, much less a trainload,jof the commission's provisions, oncei started for Roubaix or any other townoccupied in Fance, ever failed to arrive. Not only is this true, but theactual figures of the receipt and con-sumption of the food made out and attested by the French local commit,tees at Roubaix, and checked by theu'ulu,18b,ou a American aeiegates inthe Lille district, correspond within aI mt TkAnlr 4-1 . 4 . i, 1 & - ajiov 1'uuuus iu. me lului oi. many ionswit flres of the alt of food-i stuffs forwarded by the commissionfrom Holland and Brussels to this dis-trict! t rof , i ,. 'I , , I u receipts of thej whole 1,882 French communes provis-ioned by the commission shows a lossof but two-tenths of 1 per cent, on485,000 tons of foodstuffs sent in by0F the commission . from Holland andBrussels (M "With regard to the statement ofKt -ariini.ni. !,. 41, n iiMr. Whitaker that the Germans hadI taken American white flour and substituted rye flour a dulterated with(sawdust, the facts are as follows:j "This German flour was not substijtuted for any American flour, but wasprovided by the Germans from the'native French crop as an addition tothe American ration, and was the sameI nour mixture ot rye and wheat a?furnished to the German soldiers. Thisaddition amounted to 100 grammesdaily per person until November.igl6j and now is lg0 grammes dailyTne commission feels that the dis-i semination of unverified reports of thhkind tends to destroy the confidence ofthe charitable world in the work of;uisinouuon unu, uiereiore, uirecnyj decreases the amount of food sent to(these people, who, even according toMr. Whitaker's reports, would be starv-:ing but for this food.",SSAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN.:j "Is it safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughImedicine for children. Chamberlain's'Cough Remedy has long been a favoVue wiui moiuers oi young cimureu as erg arrived Friday to spend the Easit contains no opium or other narcotic, ter holidays in Paris with relatives aniand may begiven to a child as conli-Gently as to an adult. It is pleasantto to0f which is of great imporn wnen a meaicine must be givento young children. This remedy ismost effectual in relievirfg coughs,coids andwnere.croup. Obtainable every-lhtiimhlP pvprv.(april-adv)NEW EXPRESS RUN.A new combined mail and expressservice has been established on theMaysvme ana Lexington ui vision orthe Louisville& Nashville, out ofan, former Adams Ex-oironf ! Porlo liooParis. John Dean,'press Company agent at Paris,hasbeen appointed messenger.i Mr. Dean leaves Paris on his run. - . . , ... .:n"2Sf sTs atwo round trips eacn uaj. ims is aaeciuea lmproveuiem un uoui euuaanu me imuuie oi uiu uiviaiuu, tenuiiibDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsam.loosons the phlegm, neais tne lrntaieamembrane, the glycerine relieves thetnoTTitAiiTin thA p-Iwipln rpliftves thp. .Pine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleas-'ant to take, benefits young and old.get it at your druggist to-day. Formulaon the bottle. 25c.(april-adv)CONGRESSWOMAN RINKINOPPOSED TO WAR.WASHINGTON, April 9. The greatn.r i.Annnnrl)!Htir nlmncfover -- ,nsV Jeanette Ranidn. ofwoman member ofCongress, when the vote on the war Setters stable to look at their horses,resolution was taken. After failing to'where Pete accidently slipped and tellanswer to the calling of her namejinto Mr Down.s norse.s heels Conse.j twic on the first roll call. M' R'n -kin rose on tne seconu ron can, trembling, obviously badly frightened, and,I with a sob in her voice, declared:"I want to stand by my country, butI can not vote for war.Still she did not formally cast her!vote and half a dozen of her colleagues.,wearied by the protected debate, demanded, "Vote! vote!" in raucousvoices. Sinking into her seat, MissRankin whispered "No." Jerry Southchief clerk, went to her seat to corroborate her vote.An Insinuation."Yea, sir, one hour's uninterruptedreading each evening would makeyou1 .- "Uninterrupted? Where do you thinlcmy wife spends her evenings V" NewYork Times.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When theybecome obstructed by a constipation apart of- the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making" you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion, and assimilation of food. Thisconditio i quickly relieved by Chamberlain's Tablets. Obtainable everywhere. v v- (april-adv)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurjPeople Here, There and iElsewhere.r ; , Lv. Shaw has returnedMrs. W.i rfiiii ii vieir rr ra fitiimi or Hiirior-,-- T,..ii. r ,..w ---- - w...MISS Rav Winters hns ennfi I -Cushing, Oklahoma, to reside in the fu-tureMrs. Howard Lancaster has a:-,guest Mrs. Edith K. Brown, of India-naPlis-r -Mrs .Alex Tingle lias returnednJtZT t0 relatlves and friends ,nS'SnmI1D, wn.,, ., nn.i.c.was a visitor in. Paris last week, onlegal business,Mrs. Sallie B. Hedges, Mr. andiVTrt? WTilTio -n i?vMr Trty. n tTn rwli"""x unmco n.vc uik-JJ1!,10!11irs- u- w- wyatt ana iamny naveLUVlt:u 1IUI" a v fxt .lo irH- J: - UI"'ningham and family, in Cyntlnana.Mrs. Glenn Moreland and son, Hen.ry Moreland, have returned from avisit to Mrs. Sarah Spratt, in Carlisle,Mrs. Charles Long and daughtcishave returned to their home in Lexin-ton, after a visit to relatives in thixcity-Miss Helen ice Thomas has re-T?n!!eivisit t0 Ml alld Mrs- Lon M- Triuble.iu ParisMrs. Marie Prall Mason has re-turn to her home in Danville, after a'visit to relatives in this city andcounty. jMr- Harry u. l ingle, ot Lexingtonrepresenting the Remington Typewn-ter Co was a business visrtor m PansMa8teP Dunlap 1IowCt son o Mr.and Mrs juiian Howe, is confined tohis i,ome 0n Mt Airy avenue with acase of measles.Miss Kate Alexander has returnedfrom Eustis, Florida, where she hasoeeu tne guest of friends and relative ;for several weeks.from Yale University toJ spend theMrs. Cassius M. Clay is at homeEaster holidays wIth llIs mother Mraq jj Clay near Paris.. .Mr. Russell Crouch has resignedhis position with the Farmers' Suy-ply Company, and has accepted a position with the Power Grocery Com -Ipany.Master Ned Brent, son of Mr. NFord Brent, who has iust recovered! r w .from pneumonia, returned Friday fromFlorida, where he had been visitingwhen taken ill.M.r- T- C- Lenihan. who has been?l St'Sadf-0f course, we all know!Mr and Mrs Frank Payne o' perfect and bring to a high state ofParks' Ferry, in Nicholas county, 'areefilciency its telephone system ofguests of their daughter, Mrs. Jesse ' coastal communication. $000,000.Blake, of Railroad street. Their homei In broad terms, it is proposed towas destroyed in the disastrous tirewhich swept that little- village iastavy uuu w uaB ., ., ....u -...gpir I.xirs. r raiiK. i. wuuu tjuiuiiinneuwith a six-o'clock dinner at her homeon the Lexington pike Friday evening,in honor of her daughter, Miss AnnaLouise White, and the following guests,her schoolmates, who came home withhpr fpnm Hnm!'ltnn rnlwA nt i PVington: iss Gretchen Langdon, ofOmaha. Neb.: Miss Mary BurnettWebb, of Mayfield, Ky.; Miss Lillian jElkin, of Lexington, and Misses Mar -tlin Tli!irti $ind Rp.rniop Moorn. nf itha Tharp and Bernice Moore, of MTSterling.Mr. Robert Lee Frank, writingri.niii Cnynnnn T-olrn Tq. V.lr nnilnf Idate of April X say among othS-j.,, Jt3 Onrfo;u- cnmo n,ii.- in.A UVfi J V- LU1I1 J tJUlllU tillVU 'and SQme d snow nere Woexpect to go to housekeeping lo-morrow. Eevrything is very cheap here.J ou can get a small cottage tor about'?uu, out cannot nnu servants at any,. - . . A. . .,,,..price whatever. We are all feelinr that th,s 1S the,r ldeal laxatlve be,pietty well at this writing. I am go- cause they love its pleasant taste anding out on a skiing expedition this ai-ternoon. Am getting to be an expei title stomach, liver and bowels withouton these Norweigan skis. Kindest re-gripmg.eaiua w an, unu. uw. u ian iu anA 11U Aiijo n-6"""1;-(Other Personals on Page 5)pTE HAS SURELYHAD SOME FUNlifoul, constipated waste, sour bile andThe Mt. Sterling Gazette tells of thej remarkably good time one Pete Willoughby, a citizen of Montgomervcounty has had; thusly:"Pete Willoughby, who suffered threebroken ribs and a broken arm whiletrading horses in Mt. Sterling tho,ouiei uay 1S uoi& as wea as coum oc.nia syrup or rigs imuu , uiey jwiuw'expected,He and .under the circumstancesJames Downs had gone to Mr'quently the reSultMr. Willoughby isa lucky guy to be living to-day. Heis the only man on earth that ever hadthe pleasure of attending his ownfuneral, which happened about a yearago, when it was reported he Avas runover by an D. & N. train near Pariiand his kin folks sent to have his gravedugvand all arrived from far and nearto find him enjoying the best of health.Some weeks later he was knocked inthe head and robbed' near Paris an-!ilay in the hospital there for quite! awhile. He also has been drownedseveral times and laid out for dead,but like the cat, must have nine lives.Pete is a clever fellow."GET OUT YOUR FLAGS.American flags are being displayedin profusion on a large number ofbusiness houses all over Paris, andthe starry banner decorates manyhomes in the city. Large flags willbe placed in position on the courthouse, the Odd Fellows' building andthe Masonic Temple thJs week. Manufacturers of flags have been almostswamped with orders for bunting andcan nardly supply the demand. Awave of patriotism is suweepingthrough the length and breadth of theland, and the sight of "Old Glory'stirs the hearts oferery true Ameri'THE- PRESIDENT'S SIGNATUREMMCO WAtt UI-MUIAL..WASHINGTON, April 9. War between the United States and Germanybecame an actuality immediate-ly upon President's Wilson's approvalof thn wr rocninU !wito,i w 4. -"-""-i uutt.cU. uj a. j.x n r . n . . - -.vote ot ua to ou Dy tue House a fewni;n,,nn nn. o i..u mi .t- " orn-T'ho President a(Rxed his signatursto the resolution at 1-11 nVlook nnrtfrom that moment the United Stateswas officially at war with Germany.All the naval militia and naval res?s re calld to the colors withPresident's signing of the war decLI. Mill.Speaker Clark signed the resolutionearly this morning soon after its pass-ace. It was sirnied at 1214 to-dav hvr: i- .t a r n mvice jrresiueni marsnaii. mere wasno ceremony.The nen he used waspreserved. -doubt Mr. Wilson will issue aproclamation to the Amercian peopleadvising them that a state of war withGermany exists and recalling to themtheir duties in the hour of stress anddanger The neutral nations of theworld will also be giyen formal notice. ?From now on there will be action, assharp and decisive as the state of the Xnation's preparedness will permit.Steps to further the condition of pre-'paredness are embodied m the army 3,g,,, a,read introduced, selecting?f.00,000 men at -once from among theflower of American youth between theages of 19 and 25. " IMovements of the ships of the navyiare clothed in secrecy. Even the wives;of officers do not know where these-ships may be now nor on what mis-' T,'ie Department of Justice to-daysent agents to Eastern cities presumably in connection with stricter meas-aires of supervision over German ro-servists who have long been under surveillance. Hostile demonstrations of 4every character everywhere will bedealt with sternly.THREE BILLIONS ASKEDFOR ARMY AND NAVY.I' WASHINGTON, April 9. Congresshas been asked to provide imme-'diately $3,502,517,000 to finance thej war for one year, approximately asI follows:, For the War Department, $2,952,-.527.933.w . TFor increasing the authorizedstrength of the navy to 150,000 merand the Marine Corps to 30,000 men,$175,855,762;For other necessary expendituresfor the naval establishment, at thedirection and discretion of the President, $292,538,790, andFor Coast Guard, so that it mayquauiupu tii "J" luwnyear an army ol a numuu uiimcu wcu,inftliifline the first 500.000 to be. , . . -v.. i0brought to the colors uy selective conscription.The budget is in addition to theregular army appropriation bill of$240,000,000 and appropriations totaling $517,273,802 already available forthe navy.Bills to carry out the programme al-ready are in the hands of the conSessional military and naval committees.A CHILD'S TONGUEOnUYYO ir l-IVL-I VBOWELS ARE ACTIVEif r.ro. Fp.verish. Sick. Bit ous. G ve" ww, - - 7 , .Fruit Laxative at Once.B moUier realizes, after giving"California Syrup of Figs"it thoroughly cleanses the tender litwhen cross, irntauie, levensn or, breath is bad, stomach sour, look athponih c Mmi tjtnninoh nnr. look: at'the tongue, mother! If coated, give a1 teaspoon t'ul oi' this harmless "fruit'laxative," and in a few hours all theundigested food passes out of the bowels, and you have a well, playful childagain. When its little system is fullof cold, throat sore, has stomach-ache,diarrhoea, indigestion, colic remember, a good "inside cleaning" shouldalways be the first treatment given.Millions of mothers keep "Califor-a teaspoonful to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Ask your druggist for a50-cent bottle of "California Syrup ofFigs," which has directions for babies,children of all ages and grown-ups,printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here, so don't be fooled.Get the genuine, made by "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." (adv)FIRE DAMAGES CARLISLE HOME.The residence of Mrs. Mary Potts, ar.Carlisle, was badly damaged by fire c'unknown origin Friday night. Thefire was discovered by a passer-by.who gave the alarm.The entire third floor of the home.which was one of the handsomest inCarlisle, was destroyed, and the otherfloors damaged by smoke and water,and the cave-in of the heavy slateroof. The damage will total about$4,000, covered by insurance.SPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDSloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruise3nd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Lintnent does not skin or clog 'the poresike mussy plasters or ointments.or chronic rheumatic aches and pains.neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thi3well-known remfedy handy. For, thepains of gripped and following strenuous work, it gives qulckr relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)I ! !' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .fr li ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !fXWolf, Wile & Co. ilLexington,1.gSmartFor Limited Incomes.ij.fTIn your search for novel and decorative effectsfor Door and Window Curtains, Overhangings andFurniture Coverings, do not overlook our large- andattractive display in our Drapery Department.""vIfT. CretonnesContinued for one weekspecially priced Cretonnesat19c 29c and 39c a Yard.New designs and splendidvalues. Take a look atthese and convince yourselfnow oprnnrYiiill'i7 vnn oi-ilf . fh fi:nn "J ,", 1 J aeC0ratl0n 0Iyour home.RIBBON EDGED SCRIM36 Inches, White and Cream, at13 l-2c a YardSilks For Lamp Shadesand CurtainsOne of the most attractivesilks shown to-day is Amazon in reproduction of Indian hand block painting.Colors are unusually richand lend themselves toLiving, Dining and Drawing Rooms.Orinoka Guaranteed Sunfast Draperies andUpholsteries. Let Us Show Them to You.Wolf, WileLexington, Kentucky.y'I"'I"I''I"I'I"'C"I''I''I'i - I''I''I''I''I' - I'i'I"I - - I' - I - I' - Ifr"2ti'S '!'' 4 5i4'f' 4 fr$,,I"i,tI'rThe Charm ofA satisfyingpresentationf , of SmartStreet uowns,dainty and becoming HouseDresses.An Attractive Selection oiSportsClothesthat are practicaland economical.The McCallPatented Cutting and Cons tr uc t i o nSliplsBBSJlSSF81MWrassrosswr;1McCall 1'nticri .i "Many oilier n v tles.,.i:.Guide, furnished free with eachtern, insures a perfect-fittingment.McCallPatterns lor May NowHARRY'"M 1 1 1 Hi M"M'WOULD RAISE TAX ONTAX OF CORPORATION?Taxation of the authorized capitalstock of domestic and foreign corporations in Kentucky is increased from30 to 50 cents on each $1,000 and public utilities companies and railroadcompanies also must ipay the tax, according to provisions of a bill thatRepresentative Reuben Hutchcraft,Jr., oL Bourbon, cqunty, a .member ofthe Tax Commission, introduced in theHouse yesterday.If the bill Ib enacted into law, Kentucky will net $175,000 annually whitflinever before has found its way Intothe State treasury. The only corporations in the State thatjWjll.be exemptfrom pynfenofj fcaXBOjapt licensetax are banks and trust' companiesrftzsfUUI . Iwraifl'KsSv?! ! I ! ! ! ! I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !! I' lKentuckyCurtains i.MarquisettesThis week's special 40inch Marquisettes, sheer,soft finish and durablequality, splendidly mercerized, colors white, creamand brown.Special Price21c a YardLet Us Give You an Estimate on Your Furniture Covering.Slip covers protect the furniture from the glare anddust of Spiing and Summer.A comprehensive and suitable line of art and plainticking, linens and cretonnes always in stock touse for furniture covers.Co. I- I..I..I.I.iiI..l...X.wEarly SummerPrevails inMeCALL DESIGNSPOR MAYS Hjfpat-gar-W. 1 J'Sittrrn So. 7fV.lum I 'icr Minuft.ucMiis for 2IaonSalcSIMON!tl I HI-1' I- H !! MMjeign insurance companies, doing business in Kentucky. Domestic corporations hereafter organized will be e.empt from payment of the .tax durin-rthe year in which, they are incorpor-' "ated. Mr. Hutchcraft's bill increases tipresent license tax on oorporatioM20 cents and includes railroads wxpublic utilities in the list ot coronations that must stand for levy. Pmlie utilities, including .railroada,-haTbeen exempt in the past Foreign cr-vporations, doing business in.'Kentuokimust pay the license tax on thpnportionate part of their property iKentucky.When thfe Kkkanoo Indianaalor-goveramst aid in Mttior outl!Mexico it wM MM iutf?twZrrcan in the present crisis.(building and loan associations and for-AnwraajM o take a kitNAHaaBrimribirPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1917.Q'S-i. .wOr:.f---'t-.-i.-.-The Bourbon NewsLOCAL GERMANS LOYALTO U. S. AND FLAG!Established 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-1ANOTHER PLOT.RECRUITS FOR THENAVAL RESERVE SERVICEI Sunday night about 10:30 o'clockSince to our deepest regret the Goy-' when Engineer Herrinirton. niiriit ph. Plans to organize a crew for tinernment o the United States has gineer at the Paris Water Cos minm. 'naval reserve of the government, have-" .found it necessary to declare a state ing station, went to the plant to ex- been inaugurated by a number oi'Ml H d Every Tuesday and Friday. 'of war as existing between this, ouv amine his fires, he was surprised to young men of Lexington, to enlist i'i2TTEf r. ...$2.00 Six Months.. $1.00 adopted and beloved country, and Ger- see two well-dressed men in the tank the reserve as a crew to man a patrolPayable in Advance. jmany, our Fatherland, the undersigned room, examining the machinery and boat, a submarine chaser or somedeem it proper and due our friends and carefully looking over the filtering other vessel now being fitted out toJK5!FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner. .the people among whom we live to plant When he inquired their busi- guard the Atlantic Coast. Wires were"" J make a plain and open statement as to ness there he met with the uncon- sent t0 p- p- Rodes, a former .studentwhere and how we stand in this great ceraed reply that they were merely m tue u- s- Naval Academy, request(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, crisis. lookine: around the plant Mr. Hprrinz- i"& nni to act as ensign of the crew,Already, many false and malicious ton, becoming suspicious, went to the one trained man necessary. MembersreDorts have come to our knowledge office and telephoned Manager Newt !f tne propsed crew are Shelby T. Har-I -. .... i . ii- fu.i ii ... i. j t ii. ... . 'liienn Tt iit1ix woo rn tVi.3 "'Daill Trmoa"i regarding unpatriotic conduct on uie luucnen, who uuormeu uie ponce ana UIOV" """ "" v" "" """--ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOPoEtoffice as MailSecond Class.)Matter of theWm Tfaf y1" L-e fi1"(part of some of the undersigned, all fire department of the suspicious ac-of which we hereby deny and brand , tlons of the men.as utterly false and without any founration of truth whatsoever.cruiser of the navy last year; J. Baylor Van Meter, Kenneth D. Alexanderand Maurice Burnaugh. Mr. CharltonChief Link and the members of thefire department went to the Dimming clav of Paris, and Mr. "Pete" Stoll, ofIt is onlv natural that we. as Ger-station in the auto fire truck, but up- Lexington, will also be members of tin;1 mnn.unm oitwono oimui.1 hnvp n wnrm on arriving found the men had (lis- crew.jpiace in our hearts for those whom we appeared. Nothing had been disturbeJ Four Paris boys who went to LexingLr, uaMn o ; n,o ii nf nr fo ' about the plant and the men's motives' ton yesterday to enlist in the nava!nrf i,aiin,i iic , tho lnnri of nnr fn aoouL uie piant anu me mens motivestliers. and that during the past our m being there remains a mystery. jorancn ot uie service paaeu u. pie-sympathy has been with Germany. Manager Mitchell has had electric Hminary examination successfullyI However, we are not unmindful oi ""ca buuub UC1 Lll p.. ami uie w - " " T --7"---"- -Germany's faults, neither are we un- wnoie ouiiamg win oe oruiiantiy 111- '. " " "mindful of the great blessings we have umlnated every night outside as well nington. Fitzpatrick has been conenjoyed during many years in this, our as inside. He has asked that all three nected with THE NEWS for a long00T.0 engineers at tne Diant De irrantnn nn- uuie. wmiu j-icuv;ji. ua.o uccu m. ..-ENDORSES OUR JUDGE.In a recent issue of the Semi-WeeklyNews, published at Someiset edited byMr. Wm. Schooler, formerly of Paris,iew home, under the gloriousrestsand Stripes.We love the United States far better .than we do Germanj', else all us would WE W0NDER ,F T WASnot De nere, anu at aeusu auuie ui. ur 1would have returned to tne countryThis, our newlice powers with authority to make ar-.Kentuckian-Citizen, Doty was employ-!from whence we come.ed in the bottling room of the ParisDistilling Co., and Pennington hasbeen an employe of January & Con-REALLY THIS WAY? nell. All four were greatly enthusedover their prospects for seeing serviceLast Thursday night a distinguished in the defense of the U. S. A. They' 'I. , 1 .1 i. .. r ,.,.,., " " "JIS the following comnlimpntnrv rpf nome lias oecome ueu.r lu us iuj ma-uj artist in the nerson of Mr. .ThIps Fulk. win m in Pinninnnt.i novt ATnndnvorence under Uie caption of "Out Foi reasons. We have been benefitted by one of the reauy notables in the music where, after the final examination theyMayor" to the candidacy of Judge EB. January, for the office of Mayor 0Paris:"Judge E. B. January. Police Judgeof Paris, has announced himself as acandidate for Mayor. Judge JanuaryIs known all over the State as one ofjyour laws of freedom and liberty, and W()rld, appeare(1 at thestand ready to do our full share oK School Auditorium in violin recital j Norfolk, Va.whatever may be necessary to upholJ THB NEWS was honoreci with a 'and will beParis High will be sent to the training school atAll four are husky ladsable to give a good accountthese laws. 'special invitation to attend, but it be-'of themselves.Most of us are men past middle-age, mg QUr publication njght, the mana?-' Mr. Felix Renick, nephew of Mr. B.engaged more or less extensively in ing editor Qn a vacation and the city-M. Reniclc, and Mrs. Duncan Bell, ofbusiness. Some married and with fam- Pf1ifnp in tllp nfliral nrfipr nf thinm vn0 win hoonmp n momhpr nf th--w -w.,w waW . .1J J. 1 r-,.l MAAk -ww- - --.r ---- .. v. vw w. v.-0 -r i Ui 1J !, MWWrkAAW V -.w.-w - -Kentucky's most active Odd Fellows, llies- "eer, snoum it ueiuuuuuc; j being second in command, the musical Naval Reserve Corps. Mr. RenickSiud he has done more than any other essary now or later, you will find 113. critic Demg indis,posed and the star has applied for a commission as Secone person in the State for the order , & and every one' "Johnny-on-Uie- reporter attending the performance at ond Lieuteant in the Orficers ReserveHe has made a good City Judge, and &Pot'" every one of u.s redy to d0 ourf the"o,pery liouse," the duty of reporting Corps. He a son of Hon. Abramwill make a better Mayor. From what dut' to God and tnis tne country o. thQ recital fell t0 tne office boy who Renickf ot- Winchester, and a studentwe can learn, is he is elected, he will our adoption, ready to protect Your said he CQuld manage it Here's what in the law department of the State-go after the 'Boot-Leggers' in earnest FlaS and 0ur FIa& Your Homes and rhe turned in at the city editor's desk, (University at Lexington.and if he says that he is going to make !Cur Hmes. too late thougilt for publication: .a cleaning you can depend upon itthat it will be -done. Judge January isan old newspaper man, and as Pariswill elect nothing but a Democrat weare 'fer' him. The News man willwatch this election with a great deal ofinterest, for we want to see 'Our OldHome Town with a clean administra-iHon, and, with January in the chairthere wilL be 'something doing' everymonth in the vear."(It)(Signed)FRED WECKERSER,PHILLIP M. HELLER,C. G. SCHWARTZ.9-2t)j "Herr Falk's violin recital at the1 High School Auditorium last eveningj was the recherche event of the musicalseason. Herr Falk is a master of cartilever, and both in his automobileand his tour deforce he wrought wonders of tonic stimulation. He was es 1pecially potent in his dolce far nientepassages, anu in his diminuendo crescendo appoggiatura he displayed technological skill that was simjdy wonderfill."There was also a marvelous musicianly abandon in the mute bars, theIt is becoming a diversion with some sweet instrument in these parts of thePARIS POSTOFFICE UNDERCIVIL SERVICE RULES.TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's( L'::ur-tf)FALSE ALARM CALLSOUT DEPARTMENT.Under the terms of an order recently issued by President Wilson 10,217postmasters of the first, second andthird classes have been placed underthe Civil Service rules. The Parisoffice is on the list Unless removedfor cause, Postmaster J. Walter Paynewill now serve indefinitely in that capacity.location now occupied by Dr. BrooksDr. Snapp is a son of Mrs. AliceSnapp, of this city, and is well-knownto the people of Paris. He stood aTery high examination before the StatePharmaceutical Board in 1915. He isa young man of decided ability and ofsplendid character and Paris welcomeshim "back home again."Wanted.Call"BACK HOME AGAIN."X1UU1 J lll.UWA AAA. V11V AAAllVW UUi U VAAW, t,, -j - . It is becoming a diversion with some sweet instrument in these parts of the A young man who finds urgent busi-ir. manage DaPP. lormeny con- person 0r persons in Paris to amuse score being Impressive in silent fortis- ness in Canada at the present momentnected with Clarke & Co., and themselves by pulling a fire alarm bor imo. But it was perhaps in andante , makes the most objectionable hyphenliter with the Ardery Drug Co., in this in order to see the machine come." capriccioso that he excelled' himself, respectable,city as pharmacist .has returned from Tne department responded to an Here he discovered a coloratura, a1IT w i t w 7: , tT ao alarm from Box 26 Saturday night, bravura and an ensemble that fairlyated with the J. W. Gayle Drug Co., nnlv K- fiml that thp ffllse alarm arLIst o1aMl.,fill1 llla afllonnflid will again become a resident of had been on the job. There was no ev-j "Herr Falk, it is true, occasionallyTvf'c , . . , , , A, t idence of fire anywhere and the depart- erred in an overponderosity of ruta-r,S5.. P? closed deal tor the ment returned afteP a fruitieSs search. baga, and again in a too lambient luts-S.2 Tf w !? t, vei A Cit ordinance provides a fine of peii; but these lapses were hardlyiTil m I .?, $75 for any person who sends in a false noticeable in his rendering of canta-T ?h? hnIn!"STferfir v ' alarra of fire- lt wold not seem so Wlious intermezzo. The recital, onLZL? TT ? 7 unn to Uiese fellows if Uiey shoulrl the whole, was a marvelous exhibitionSJSSfQnnn111116 ff"ie be yanked up in Police Court and made of poca hontas instrumentation andSSSA!; lJ2?11 V16 produce the $75. or go to the county incandescent cavatina."jail. ' Our society editor who takes lessonson the violin, said there was something !B-4- PI RE .wrong about it, though it was hard toInsure With !say exactly what, and the poor cityOne hundred barrels of corn.I. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, KyFound.Door key found on streets of Paris.1 Owner may have sarue by calling atNEWS office. (It)A7 f HIMTHM SL QfTu A c' editor, upon looking the "stuff" over,tt .j. jn v ,-i5i was free tQ admit that it w.to him.as all GreekStill it seemed to read rightFIRE DESTROYS HOMES.I to him, so far as he could discover toSHIRTS AT $1.50.the contrary, and it was quite in thej The residence of John Fritz, located line of the regular reporter's composl011 his farm one mile north of Breck- tion more luminous, indeed and haDesirable patterns with soft and stiff : inridge, was totally destroyed by fire didn't see why it shouldn't be printed.cuffs. Earl & Wilson make in all sizes J The fire originated in the roof, prob- He complimented the office boy on his(It)J. W. DAVIS & CO.ably starting from a spark which fell wonderful grasp of musical mattersynnf rlmncr tVta Ytaatrtr ttrtrifl "MV onJ TI1 fftpTinfPfll tpntiq ntld 'nrnmiHPfl tOPRO-GERMAN RUMORS L, :-., ,-..- '..!. u u wi ; ,00 i dowjiiii3. rnu uuu turn cuiiuieiL weie a, bco uuu-u nc hou o.n hh-h-mv. m -uii" .rnuvc" rALac' dinner at the time and the whole roof and a promotion to the very first va, , was aflame before the fire was discov- cancy on the staff.u.uww u-tiu lULuuo ui iiuuuia U1U.Ihave been rife on the streets of Parisfor several daj's regarding the allegedactivities of German sympathizers in ' ui -, i. .t, . , . . ,A , o;miiamiiB u j able to save only the sewing machineParis and vicinity, have, upon investl ,1f. f(T owlQ, u, t9nn !noMn.flgaton, been proven to be only rumorsand nothing more.The German citizens of Paris haveLITTLEJOHN STRIKES WATER.ered. By the time the children weregotten tx a place of safety, the wholeliouse was ablaze and Mr. Fritz wasThe Littlejohn Shows, which willMr. Fritz carried only $200 insurance come to Paris sometime this season,The home of Claude Staggers, at the ' ran up against their usual streak oftop of Slate Hill, in Lewis county, was luck on opening the season at Westhnma,i nit ita ntcmfc Aiv0 Qfoo., Point Georgia, several days ago. ThatfaJaH resptedTthe President's procLvas dinner at 'Uie time an3 is to say, there was a downpour oflamation. They have expressed them-' discovered the fire only in time to go rain, which temporarily put the showsBx toeing loruermany apiust,outofthehouse The loss was about out of business. As a result tne$1,000, with no insurance.the Entente Allies, but for the UnitedStates, their adopted land, as againstGermany.Rumors regarding alleged misconduct and seditious utterances made byformer residents of Paris, in othertowns, have also proved, on investigation, to be unfounded. The air was fullof rumors last week regrding Mr. Geo.Rassenfoss, of Mt Sterling, formerly I PUBLIC SALE OF BANKFire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.of Paris. These upon investigation,also proved to be "mare's nest" andgrapevine stories. The Mt Sterlingpapers pay a high compliment to MnRassenfoss' patriotism, and utterly refute the many rumors regarding him.C. Wi B. M. MEETING.The April meeting of the C. W. BU. Society of the Christian church washeld Friday afternoon, in the churchparlors, tlie president, Mrs. J. DBooth, presiding.The regular business meeting wasfollowed by a prayer-meeting. Papersand readings were given by Mrs. Jas.Arkle, and Miss Elizabeth Grimes, andTocai auets were rendered by Miss Ha.- j The first Bourbon county man to entie Hill O'Neill and Mrs. H. E. Foster, list under the Stars and StriDes for ser-An Easter offering of $112 was receiv-lvice in the present conflict with Gered, which sum will be swelled by a 'many is Mr. James Ldnville, of Paris.uuiuuer ul envelope contnDutions not Mr. Linville enlisted in the SignalSTOCK AND GOVERNMENT BONDSopening date was postponed, this proving their salvation. Last week theLittlejohn shows played- to big business at Tallassee, Alabama, and thisweek starts out with promises of goodluck at Cedartown, Ala.A postcard from Mr. George Browner, of Paris, shows the grounds almostsubmerged, the tents standing lonelyand desolate in a lake of water.1Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold at thcourt house door in this city, Saturday, jfor Mrs. Kate Bedford, -administratrixcf the estate of the late Mr. J. WillBedford, ten shares of the capital stocfeof the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &,Trust Company, to J. H. Ewalt, for$250 per share; sixteen shares of thesame stock to Mr. Buckner Woodfordfor $251 per share; and seventy-fivei per cent $100 Government bonds toWOMAN'S CLUB MEETING.The final meeting of the North Middletown Woman's Club for the seasonof 1916-17 was held Friday afternoon.The meeting was presided over byMiss Lena Talbott in the absence ofthe presidentThe following program was rendered: "The Silent Drama Its Originand Evolution," Mrs. J. W. Young; "ItiEducational and, Recreational Value atMr. Buckner Woodford at $106.25 eacb. claB8 aild Mass," by Mrs. John S. Tal-tbott;,"Some Famous Productions andI Actors "Immortalized," Mrs. Will Gay.Selected Nursery Stock.I am local representative of the National Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y.A fine assortment of flowering shrubs,and general nursery stock to selectfrom. Now is the time to make yourselection. Stock and prices guaranteed. (10-tf) MISS JULIA McCARTHV.Business Opportunity.We have in our hands for sale onehalf interest in the best little businessin Paris. To right man will give fullpossession and control. Apply(lt) PARIS REALTY CO.Hemp Seed For Sale.Gopd cultivated hemp seed tor sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.JOINS SIGNAL CORPS.reported.The Triangle Club and Uie MissionCorps at Lexington, Saturday, underLieut Geonre P. Bush. Four men wero.Band of the Church held a meeting detailed to patrol duty. Other mem-aaxuraay aitarnoon at 2: 60 o'clock berg of the company who are late in rewhen the mite boxes were opened, and nortinr will ho aaairoed to dutv "anmp.HLeillnmeTltih&H Partici'.ere in Kentucky," as rapidly as they Ulasa shop, and will he assisted by ajrmivru iu. wj i tUC lliCUlLTCTB. TeDOrtiThe following delegates to the Stateconvention at Fulton were appointed.Official delegate, Mrs. William Gay; alternate, Mrs. Henry S. Caywood; tpresident's alternate, Mrs. J. C. Bryan, Jr.NEW BARBER SHOP."Buck" Freeman has opened-a newbarber shop in the room in the Ficklinbuilding, on Main street, recently occupied hy the Bourbon Horse GoodsGoods Co. He has fitted up a firstfirst-claw barber.Hemstitching!We are now prepared to dothe finest kind of .Hemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenns Phont 93t Home Phone 418.627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.TuesdayGAIL KANEin'The Scarlet Oath'World Feature.CHAS. RICHMAN andDOROTHY KELLYin"The Ghost Ship"Seventh episode of "TheSecret Kingdom.' 'WEDNESDAYCHARLIE CHAPLINIn his late comedy,"EASY STREET"Mutual release. Fannie Ward in "TheYears of the Locust," Paramount feature. Bray's cartoons, Burton Holmes'travels.THURSDAY.George Walsh inJ?"The Mediatora comedy drama that will please. Produced by Fox. Billy Mason in "Brainstorms," two-reel Fox comedy.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand7 to 10:30 Admission 5 and 10c.Make Your CarLook New ForA Dollar or Twofwlfc.i' mS -Jt&rWhether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tyres and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsParis, Kentucky'f'I I I t-l-H 1 l't'I'"r-'I''t''I"I'-I'I'-!''h'r''!''I''I'''ii4'4-'I-l'ri'lU''tl''llllH'lI"HlIliVULCAN Sr PLOWSMade by The Yukan PlOW CO., Cvaiisvffle.W.',', TRY THE Sii VULCAN' jff teaFWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOB SALE orG. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTi iiiiitiiiiiiiUiiiiiliiiiiuiiigro;tir i.r''oPIjtTUESDAY. APRIL 10, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FEWgT--"CjkFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.urst, Miss Ethel Freeman, Miss EvelynSmith and Mrs. Florence Green.Dr. A. H. Keller attended the Eaater services held in Lexington, Sunday,by Webb Commandery Knights Templar. Mrs. Clarence Plummer and chil-SEED SWEET POTATOES.Miss Corinne Collins has returned m60 Heidl?ber&- K are quests 'Huntington, West Virginiafrom a visit to the Misses ItowSlUn T! n' Iummer's parents',' Mr. and Mr?!u. J. UO.V . Ull L11K J-KfiUMIf Til KROrder seed sweet potatoes while youcan get them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Mrs. W. H. nin.v r,i r ..- Messrs. William P. Walton, Jr.Paris, continues very ill at her homp and Layton. Thompson are promoteron woodland Avpiii.p in r.i. Ul a suoscnpuon dance to be given mI n.QP TUnRftllftUDDcn..v..Vwv..w,.i.. mentSwift Candle, eh m lflrto. hv Hamlin. ' Iiss Carolyn Roseberry' wv liiiusr. sovnw .. iu. .mas Nell Swiff hv Kir, Aif0 T .. u?a Lue Past weefcthe ball room of the Phoenix Hotel, m,, ---ov.., w mw WGUJUfe ut ahuov,morial Hosnitai iimim. ,i;i :. APnl 0- The music will be furnished-, .. m.mv,ttl LiCilL- jyMrs. Frank Wright of Winchester t .if r.formerly of Paris, la at the Massil Mel ?S?n'a seven-piece Southern orchestra..Mrs. W. O. Sadler will ho hw?tes5JI?-Sii at the meeting this afternoon at 3:15iiiiu,--eu win, uy ivin? Aiionso, tnc- Miss Cornelia Blackburn in roAn clock, of the Girls' Missionary Sociproperty of Turney Bros., died at their , town. ' eorgc- eLy of the Methodist church. TheWayside Farm, near Paris, last week.itimmimany victims in the .TnrVQnnviiio v;. daughter have arrived from Cane nircinity in this county, nearly emptying ? U: Mlssour. for a visit to Mr. W.the Sunday schools and schools. JS?eSore' " ?!ghth streetManv erown-una are alsn RiifforinnP tt ' ?'. James Hukill, who has been- - --- o. wH apeiiuing uieTIC ..j . ... meerinP" Will Mft Molrf a fVio Vinmn rfnear Paris, spent the Easter hoHdav- Rev and Mrs' Sadler 11 Houston Ave ,'Jin T.nvlna4., ... uwnuaja nue The Slihienf nf tlie urnP-rjim tn hf. ' Z. .wwuwu, t& guests or Airs. Youne's "4;vr 7X: : r, -1 . r,:. , 7- pieaeuLtru is oiewarasmp, Miss juuieiFreeman, leader.(Other Personals on Page C.)MEASLES PREVALENT.mother, Mrs. J. N. Hawkinsa n.nAZmnt t! i ... . ' iTr qH "M c.. i .vu. cjAiiuicn; ui. ujtiiiaies is claiming , ' "" u"". otmiuei ieeiy amiREMEMBER THE REDCROSS CARD PARTY.to date forty-two cases have been reportedCHARMING KING.In this issue appears the advertisement of Charming King, the fine sadWinter at Tiainnnn Pol!.fornia, has arrived in Paris, for a visittu iub moiner, Mrs. William Hukill, SrMrs. Alvin Davis and children,-Anss Laura Davis and Ben Perrvravis have returned to their home InCovington, after a visit to Mrs. Wm RScottiur. ueorge Kassenfoss. of MtThe Paris Chapter of the Red CrossSociety recently organized, will givstheir card party in the Masonic Tern.pie this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock. A charge of fifty cents foreach player will be made.This will include refreshments. Res:iidie harness stallion, owned by Mr. H. Sterling was in p,h !Z 1 , L nrrntlnn fnr hri.ie i,nn nJ5A. Power, of Paris. Charminc Kinir nnnnriimnn Tol- 'i ..., .., c :u.i ..i i. '..,., ,. .,1 .it. t n; -.i .." t-. 7, :? "" " , ounuay, io sec "" unue, uvxVnt VL xwa. ..atminB iuug councilman Jack Woods, who remain? six-hand euchre should be made athas proved one of the greatest horsesof his day. He was handled by MrCharles Best last season.AUTOS DELIVERED.The Blue Grass Automobile Co., oJLexington, has closed contracts withthe Bourbon Fiscal Court for a five-tonWhite Auto truck for county road purposes, and with Mr. Letton Vimont, ofMillersburg, for a seven-passenger Paris Christian church leftStratford Model Paige car of the latestdesign.seriously ill at his home on EighthsueeuMisses Alice Williams and JaneAdams, of Frankfort, were guests ofMiss Matlida James for the Easterdance in this city Friday night, anJremained over Sunday.Mrs. John Davis, W. B. Arderv.lafe Ardery, and R. E. Bedford havegone to Jackson county for a fishingtrip on the Rockcastle River. Theywill be gone about two weeks.Rev. W. E. Ellis, imstnr nf the 'yesterdayonce with Mrs. Arthur B. HancockAny who do not care to play cards maycome and enjoy a social hour with refreshments. The object of the entertainment is to raise money to purchasehospital supplies for the Red Crosswork in the First Aid branches. Therooms where the card party will beheld have been beautifully decorated.TO RESUME BUSINESS.PINCH-BACKS ARE BEST.Especially for the young fellows. Wehave the desirable patterns at $15.00to $35.00.(It) J. W. DAVIS ic CO.for Williamstown, in Grant county l ftavo ueen PractlcaI1y out oL DUS1where he will conduct a protracted ness for tne past Uiree weeks, owingmeeting at the Christian church. to the remodeling work going on in theMrs. May Stoner Clay and daugli- building in which I am located, but willter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay, who have be ready for business again next Fri-HERALD CHANGES AGENCYThe Paris agency of the LexingtonHerald lias changed hands.Bros, transf erring it to Mr. W. HDuncan, who conducts the poolroom onMain street, adjoining Higgins & Flan-i i . . . - 'neen spending the winter in Ft. Myers,Florida, and other points in the South.are guests of Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis, Ion Duncan avenue.I Mr. John C. Bailey, who has for,.some time been with the grocery firm'Jof Taylor & Jordan has accepted aIrosition with the Farmers Supply CoMr. Frank Santen has also taken aSanten Fstio11 wth the same firm.a leiepnone message from theJewish Hospital at Cincinnati to relatives in this city Sunday stated thatMr. Louis Saloshin, of Paris, who re-day.10-lt)A. R. JOHNS.EASTER BUSINESS GOOD.agan's store. The paper will be on cently underwent a serious operationsale there and will be delivered by carrier as usualPARIS COMMERCIAL CLUBTO MEET TO-NIGHT.there, was not so well, and that he hadhad a sinking spell.I Misses Mary and Julia McCarthy same.nave moved from Tenth street to Walker Avenue. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Fightmaster and family have moved from- the flat over W. T. Talbott's clothingA call for a special meeting of the store on Main street to a cottage onParis-Commercial Club nas heen issued Walker Avenue.by President Catesby Spears. The Mr. and Mrs. Kerfoot Griffith, ofmeeting will be held to-night in the Kansas City Mo who were recently. V. .. u -i t. married in that city, were guests ofvui v,uult .wv, u. v.wu houor Friday atat t:v ociock. iuau.ers oi great nu- given by Rev and Mrg j T Shar.portance to the interest of Paris will rard, at their home on Main street,come up for consideration and discus The Courier-Journal of Saturdaysion, and it is earnestly desired that says: "Mr. and Mrs. Jno. T. Collins,all the members be present that night of Bourbon county, after spending sevDon't lag behind, but come, and bring eral Tays, at the Hoel Henry Mattersun, in uus cuy, icll iasi nigni tospend some time in Hot Springs, arkansas."A SUGGESTION. -Mr. Wvland UhL of Nashville.The observance of Easter Sunday isalways an occasion for the use of largequantities of cut flowers, especiallyEaster lilies, which are used liberallyin the decorative scheme in churchesat the Easter services.Mr. John Christman, the local florist,reports Easter business as being unusally good in his line. Local agentr.for outside florists report the same.ATTENTION, K. OF P.'S.All members of the K. of P. UnjjformRank are urged to attend the specfalmeeting to be held Monday night.April 16. There will be business ofgreat importance. At the conclusionsix-o'clock dinner of tne business meeting a social session will be held, when a banquet willbe spread for the members and visiting brothers.SUSTAINS PARTIALPARALYTIC STROKE.some one with youMr. B. R. Dickerson, of the Dickerson Garage, who has been ill for sev1 enn., traveling operator for the West- erai da's' suffered a partial stroke ofTo-day's issue of THE NEWS con- em Union, who has been acting mana- paralysis at his home yesterday morntoining President Wilson's war proclo- ser at the Paris office during the ab- ing. The stroke affected one side ofmation, will in vears to come have a sence of Manager McDonald, left yes- his face, and his speech. It is thoughthigh historical value, like the papers tGrda' for Cynthiana, where he wil! he will recover.containing the story of the attack on Sffkenmy Webber, Mar-Fort Sumpter, in the opening of the (ha FergU80I1 and Carolyn RoseberrrCivil War; the assassination of Pres ere visitors in Georgetown for thodent Abraham Lincoln; or the battle or Easter dance last week. Miss WebberManila Bay, and other important had as her guest for the Easter danctevents in American history. Save your in Paris, Friday night, Miss Elizabethcopy and file it away for future gener-, Krdman, of Lexington... . ,. I Mr. James Grinnn.at ions to reau:EPWORTHIANS TO GIVEPATRIOTIC PROGRAM.The members of the Paris EpworthLeague will show their patriotism byholding a patriotic service at theMethodist church, Thursday evening,at 7:30 o'clock. Fifteen members orthe League will compose the cast ofcharacters in rendering a play. Allmembers and their friends are invitedto attend. This will also serve as themonthly social and literary meeting ofthe Chapter.SOME SORT OF TOP-COAT.You need these on uncertain springdays. You'll findi here every sort ol"a good spring: weight coat j'U up.(It)J. W. DAVIS & CO.PLANS RECEIVED FORTHE HOSPITAL ADDITION.Plans for the proposed addition t-the Massie Memorial Hospital in thiscity, have been received by the Board- -'ot Trustees. The Board will decide onthe piost acceptable plan, and after thepreliminaries are settled, it is statedthat the actual work of construction, will begin May 1. The new addition. ' will be modern and upto-date in everyrespect and will add greatly to thecaipacity of the Hospital, now acknowledged to be one of the best institutionslu the State.The one thousandth patient was admitted to this institution last Wednesday, and every room is now taken bypatients under treatment Oour people have every reason for congratulation upon having the Massie MemorialHospital here, as it has been ably managed and every patient given the verybest attention. And, "on our way," letus not forget the unselfish efforts otthe women of Paris, whose persistenceand hard work in raising the Hospitalfund gave the institution its realatart on the road to erection and com-ptetioa.-Mr. James Grinnan, of this city,who was a member of the BourbonHorse Goods Co., which recently wentout of business here, has taken a position with the Fayette Motor Co., Lexington, in the automobile trimming dcpartment, where he will be glad to seeall his Paris and Bourbon countyfriends.The Easter Dance given at the Masonic Temple, Friday night, attractedan unusually large number of societypeople, who spent an enjoyable evening in the pleasures of dance. Therewas such a large crowd present that itvas impossible to get even a partiallist of those dancing.Dr. D. P. Curry, of Bowling Green,; State Sanitary Engineer, was in ParisFriday, conferring with the city authorities in regard to sewerage problemsrecently discussed by the mass meeting held at the court house. Dr. Curry was en route to his home fromj WasinngtUIl, U. Vj., micic jig u.o uined on official business.Mr. John Moran arrived in Paris,Friday night, from Corpus Christi,Texas, for an indefinite stay. Mr.Moran was a member of Company I,Third Texas Infantry, in the UnitedStates Army service, from which hesecured an honorable discharge.Messrs. E-fl-1 Curtis, Jos. Holt, BenBishop, and1 Lawrence James, also cfParis, who were in the same company,have returned to their former positionsin the employe of the Texas Oil Co.at Port Arthur, Texas. John says oldKentucky still looks the garden spot otthe world to him.Mrs. Claude F. Redmon was thehostess last week at her home on Cypres street at a sewing party, the hoursbeing from three to five, in honor ofMiss Belle Dunnington. Mrs. JaynesSavage won the first prize in theneedle contest, the award being a handsome crepe de chine handkerchief.Mrs. W. A. Wallen was awarded theconsolation prize. A luncheon wasserved after the contest, in which thehostess was assisted by her niecesMisses Speakes and Godman. Thosepresent were: Miss Mary Belle Dunnington,Mrs. W. A. Wallen. Miss Corneilia Oder, Mrs. Frank Moore, Mrs.Bruce Cameron, Mrs. Jaynes Savage,Mrs. William Bryan, Miss Hazel Bryan,Mrs. D. S. Henry, Mrs. Clarence Ash-KodaksVictrolasBicyclesSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIES.DaughertyBros.Filth and Main Sis. Paris, KentuckyPRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREo4nnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYSPRING GOODSHave Been Arriving DailyLarge Quantities3 kIN WALL DECORATIONSwe are showing the most beautiful patterns that it hasever been our privilege to show, and we are offering themat remarkably low prices. Especially is this true whenthe many advances in price are taken into consideration.OUR RUGSwould add much to the beauty of your home. You willfind our patterns and prices right in every respect andwe would be glad to have you investigate.Mahogany and Oak Dining SuitsIn William and Mary designs in mahogany and oak arebeing shown in profusion. Don't your home need one?LACE CURTAINSWe have just received many new patterns that we thinkwill please you very much.THEJ.T.HIJYTOJYCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.tiIn&-:i.CNvCn. -UNDERTAKINGyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, ArRIL U, 1M&..at-:,-Hl,MiN$pILOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewhere4. P,Wc Tn,W will h r-nnl hJFinder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office(-tr.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,Jeat across L. & N. tracks. Conven-Jntly located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK(3-tf)For Rent,Three nice rooms, withlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, infirttxjlass condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR RENT.Thra unfiirniQhArt mnmc nt Jn 7R?.Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand otherPhone 339.conveniences.Call Home(jan30-tf)Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Jrralness and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andJar all who wish to Speak and Writeorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary,Bow to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.bacrlption Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.PUBLICPEOPLES ROLLER(Johnson's Mill)At About the Hour of 12 O'clockMonday, April 16th (Court Day)At the Court House Door in Georgetown, Kentucky.This mill is located near Newtown, Kentucky, and co nsists ofa substantial three-story brick mill building, with a frame ratproof wheat storage bin attached. Daily capacity:50 Barrels of Flour; 150 Bushels of Meal.DUUI LCdlll CfllUA11 . . fi , , . . . .All machinery IS m first class running Order and IS runningevery day making the celebrated Legal Tender and other wellknown brands. The present tenant is doing a good business.Splendid frame residence of six rooms, large barn, scales,plenty of crib room, garage, ice house, hen house, all necessaryoutbuildings, besides two smallThis property is now renting foruntil Jury ist, yiY.TERMS Given at sale.For further information writeC.Phone 674."The Gem of the FamousBlack Prairie Land Belt""THE ONLY ONE OF ITS KIND FOR SALE."IN QUARTER AND HALF SECTION TRACTS."TWO MILES OF SPLENDID TURNPIKE FRONTAGE.This plantation is recognized to be the most fertile and best lyingtke best located and the best fenced auction of and in famous Black LandBeltIxKjated in Northeastern Mississippi agout four miles from the City ofWeet Point, Clay County. West Point Is a thriving city of about seventhousand, with, three railroads, large cotton plant, splendid schools andmade up of cultured Southern folks. This property is located on fine turnpike with the best of Kentucky families as close neighbors.From a standpoint of productiveness, health conditions and climate, itis the most desirable to be found. This is the most attractive bargain inthis stock and grain section. Three hundred growing and grazing days ira year.V The soil is noted for the production of" the finest Alfalfa, Corn, Cotton,Leepedaza, or Japan Clover, Bermuda and other grasses which afford theeet of pasture lands. -The Black Prairie Belt is a small area and will evidently some day beome of the highest priced agricultural lands in the entire South.There are now something over one hundred acres of this section seeded in alfalfa. The soil produces fine Qlovers and Is in a high state of cultivation, as years have been spent In building the soil and making Improvements, which consist of a good six room bungalow and three stock barns,"watered by a private water system from artesian wells. There are three' -wells on the section, one of which la a flowing well; quite a number oijjood tenant dwellings.This is a finished farm and the best and cheapest of labor now on thejtiantation.This proposition must be seen to oe appreciated.Prices reasonable; very liberal terms with six per cent. InterestFor further information, address,r. EDWARDFirst and City National Bank Building,Lexington, Kentucky."SOUTHERN LANDS AND BLUE GRASS FARMS A SPECIALTY."BOLIVER BOND, Auctioneer.(-2t) IUNDERSEA BOATSIN MEXICAN WATERS?, . . TTTxTrr.r a -inWASHINGTON, April 9Persistentbut hitherto unconfirmed reports ofGerman submarines waiting in theGulf of Mexico for the opening of hostilities of the United States were further supported to-day by advices to theGovernment from Europe.The full nature of the Government'sinformation is not disclosed, but it wasreceived from one of the neutrals con-tieuous to Germany which has served'as a clearing house for German infor-'mation since the severance of diplo-matic relations.It was reported at the source ofi origin of the Government's information that more than a score of Gerelectric man submarines were already in Mexican waters. Persons here who havebeen giving atttention to the subject! think the estimated number is high,'but feel no doubt that German submereibles are somewhere on thisside of the Atlantic, and that some ofthem have been there since early inFebruary.There is no doubt here that if theU-boats are in the Gulf they are being supplied from Mexican shore bases.Those who hold these views also are.convinced that something closely apIproaching the arrangement proposedI by Foreign Minister Zimmermann inbis celebrated communication intend-i ed for General Carranza, have beenachieved and that the whole matterincluding the supplying of submarine::-from Mexican shores, was arranged byMexican Minister Zubaran in Berlin.i Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighcstprices that have ever been known InParis for horse hides, beef hides,heej) pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland, phone 374. Office onEighth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.AUCTIONOFMILLSndier ruwer.tenant houses, 11 acres of ground.$100.00 per month and leasedor callE. NORMAN, Agt.,154 West Short Street,Lexington, Ky.H. BYAR3, 4$323ENGINEER'S WIFEIS WELL AGAINProminent Frankfort Woman HasNo More Dizzy Spells.SAYS IT'S DUE TO TAKLAC"I now feel as well as I ever did inmy whole life," said Mrs. Bettie Ilorton of Frankfort, in telling of her recovery to health.Mrs. Horton has lived in Frankfortfor the last 26 years and is a prominent member of the Christian church.She is the wife of T. M. Horton, for25 years an engineer on the Frankfort and Cincinnati railroad. MrHorton is one of the best 'liked railroad men in the State of Kentucky.In telling what Tanlac did for her,Mrs. Horton said:"I had a general bleak down. Iwould often have nervous spells anddizzy headaches. I was restless ainight and had all kinds of dreamswhich made me lose sleep and ibismade me run down in flesh. Mr.Crutcher. a friend who sells us P -duce. recommended Tanlac so nign.vthat I concluded to try it, and I shallalways thank him for it."After taking two bottlessleep soundly at night. II couldjave asplendid appetite now and can en.-, can co-operation and the hope is exanvthing I feel huncry for without , pressed there of help from the Unitedfeelin- bad afterwards ' states in the way of cre(lit' food and"Really, I now feel as well as I ever llSe in meanS C 0cean transPrdid in my whole life. I think Tanlac c "is the finest tonic I ever took and Iam now having my husband take itfor his digestion." IHundreds of others throughout' MT. STERLING, KY., April 9.Kentucky have had the same experi- Citizens of Montgomery County at Mtence with Tanlac. If vor. are not feel- Sterling, held a patriotic meeting atIng right get Tanlac today as delay the court house last week, whichin health matters is dangerous. f IarSel: 1a"ended;1 ay01; RnK-11 ,., ,.oi, nnn(!tlo, Oldham called the gathering togetherDizzy spells sour hlomach. Moating and Col A w Hamilton was chosenand belching, bad taste m the mourn. chaIrman The Rev. Clyde Darsiolack of ambition and that general run pronounceii invocation, which was foldown feelii.g are signs that nature lowed by the singing of "America" byneeds help to get the system back iu school children. Strong resolutionsshape. supporting the President and denounc-. jing Senator Stone were introduced byTanlac, the master medicine and 'Job1 A- Judy and adopted unanimouhreconstructivo tonic, is sold exclu- ly Tne condemnation resolution folsively in PARIS by Varden & Son. lows:Other exclusive agents in nearby! "We condemn in unmeasured termstowns are as follows: that group of willful Senators whoHUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MIL-'ave used the power of their office toLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell: ELIZA aid Germany, and especially do weBETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son: GEORGETOW. .. CH. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drugjompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish.(adv.jHE IS ONLY A PRINTER.(From the Typographical Jounral.)"He is orily a printer." Such wasthe sneering remark of a leader in acircle of aristocracy codfish quality,says a writer in the Century Magazine. Who was the Earl of Stanhope?He was only a printer. What werePrince Edward William and Prince" . " J " C.. . ' """ "C4wara w, mam ana Prince ty was demonstrated at the U. S. NavvNapoleon? Proud to call themselves Recruiting 0fice Little Rock -YrkanPrmters. The czar of Russia, the.sas wnen Mr j h Leigh, 'of 1511Crown Prince of Russia, and the Duke West Secoil(1 street applied for enlistf Batt-enburg jvere printers, and the;menL in the v s. NavyS?Ir i W 'T !? m,a pnf i Ir- & requested that he be enlln n tmi t-ha fnfW nt ' Yial, w ". erature, was a practical printer, whatwere J. P. Morris, N. P. Willis, JamesParker, Horace Greely, Charles Dicklens, Benjamin Franklin, James Buchjanan, Simon Cameron, Schuyler Coljfax? Printers all, and practical ones.Mark Twain, Amos J. Cummings, Bertchandler Harris and Opie Read' wereplain, practical printers, as were Artemus Ward, Petroleum V. Nasby andSut Lovingood. Senator Plumb, ofKansas, and James J. Hogg, ex-Governorof Texas, were both printers,and the leader of science and philosophy in his day made it his boast thathe was a "jour" printer. In fact, thousands of the most brilliant minds inthis country are to be found in largecities and towns are printers. It is notevery one that can be a .printerbrains are absolutely necessary.INSOMNIA.Indigestion nearly always disturbs ithe sleep more or less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Eat a light supperwith little if any meat, and no milk;also take one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper, and see ifyju do not rest much better. ObtainLhle everywhere.(april-adv)A telescoping device has been invented in Germany to regulate theheat from a Bunsen burner withoutaltering the flow of gas.At the present rate of progressAustria will have an apology readyjust In time to mar the peace activi-ties.BAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY?You need Dr. King's New Discoveryto stop that cold, the soothing balsamingredients heal the irritated membranes, soothe the sore throat, the antiseptic qualities kill thje germ andyour coldi is quickly relieved. Dr.King's New Discovery has for 48 yearsbeen the standard remedy for coughsand colds in thousands of homes. Get.a bottle to-d.ay and have it .handy in jyour medicine chest for coughs, colds,croup, grippe and all bronchial affec-!tlons. At your druggist, 50c. j,,,,, f (apriUdr)BRAZIL AND CUBATO HELP US SCRAP!NEW YORK, April 9. With Hiproclamation of a state of war beiwcthe United States and Germany on the-verge of issuance, the probability dother American nations joining thisrepublic in hostilities is pointed to indispatches.Brazil, according to advices fronSouth America, is trembling on thebrink of war with Germany. A German submarine has sunk the Brazilian steamship Parana.with the loss ofthree members of her crew. AntiGerman feeling in Rio Janeiro, as aconsequence, is reported intense andtalk of a speedy declaration of war isheard in responsible circles, the advices state.The Brazilian foreign minister isquoted as declaring the situation wargrave and that perhaps a declarationof war against Germany would be necessary. It is generally expected, addsthe message, that Brazil will seize theinterned German ships in her portsand proclaim the existence of hostilities. The little republic of Cuba is another American nation likely to enterthe war, following the action of theUnited States. Havana dispatche3forecast the probability of such actionon the part of the Cuban governmentPresident Mencol sent a message tcCongress asking that body to declarethat a state of war exists betweenCuba and Germany.Appeals for American exDert adviceand other assistance in prosecutingthe war are coming from some of thenresent European belligerents. Re) ports from Russia indicate tha't an,AmeriCan commission of national char-acter would be welcomed there to co-'onerate in financing, munitions andt transportation operations.Italy likewise is welcoming Ameri-STONE CONDEMNED BYMONTGOMERY MASS MEETING.condemn W. J. Stone, of the State of'Missouri, who claims the State ofKentucky as his birthplace, and who."V s conduct in using tne power orhis onice to stifle the will of the peo-tpie, has caused every true Kentuckianto regret that such a man can claimthis State as his birthplace; and wecall ujxm the Senate of the UnitedStates to remove him as chairman ofthe Foreign Jtelations Committee."CONFEDERATE VETERANWOULD JOIN U. S. NAVYAnother gratifying example of loyalted at once and sent to the largestbattleship afloat for service on thatvessel, and he was greatly disappoinied when informed by the recruitingofficer that ho exceeded the requiredage limit by forty some odd yearshe being sixty-nine years of age.Mr. Leigh is a warrior of experience,having enlisted in the ConfederateArmy at the age of thirteen, and having served for four years, which endedin April, 1865, under General Lee, atAppomattox.It is most gratifying, in these timesof need to find such loyal spirit inthe "Boys of 1861," and such an cx-l ample as shown by our worthy veteran, Mr. Leigh, will no doubt find alike response by the "Boys of 1917.'EAT BIG MEALS! NOSOUR, ACID STOMACHINDIGESTION OR GAS-"Pape's Diapepsin" is Quickest,est Stomach Relief Known.Sur-Try It!Time it! Pace's Diapepsin willsweeten a sour, gassy or out-of-orderstomach within five minutes.If your meals don't fit comfortably,or what you eat lies like a lump of leadin your stomach, or if you have heartburn, that is usually a sign of acidityof the stomach.Get from your pharmacist a fifty-centcase of Pape's Diapepsin and take adose just as soon as you can. Therewill be no sour risings, no belching ofundigested food mixed' with acid, nostomach gas or heartburn, fullness orheavy feeling in the stomach, nausea,debilitatingheadaches or dizziness.This will all go, and, besides, there willbe no sour food left over In the stomach to poison your breath with nauseous odors.Pape's Diapepsin helps to neutralizethe excessive acid in the stomachwhich is causing the food fermentationand preventing proper digestion.Relief in Ave minutes is awaitingyou at any drug store.These large fifty-cent cases containenough "Pape's Diapepsin" to usuallykeep the entire family free fromstomach acidity and its symptoms ofindigestion, dyspepsia, sourness.,gases, heartburn, and headache, lormany' months. It belongs in yourhome. (adv)A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Young Man, Don't jScatter Your Dollars!YOUTH IS PRODIGAL. Frequently the young man D0ESIT:KNOW THE VALUE OF A DOLLAR.YOUTH IS NOT EVERLASTING. The big men of the country laid'the foundation for their success by opening a bank account when theywere youns.If You Hope to Amount tc Anything Don'Delay Starting a Bank Account.Start It Today.Farmers' &P. P. KISBR, PresidentWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyThere'sNothingLike it forResults"I am glad youare using the LongDistance Bell Telephone in your business. There's nothing like it for saving time and traveling expenses. It is the source of direct profit andsatisfying results."Very often I talk to salesmen and tocustomers on important matters. That'sone advantage of the Bell Telephone. Youcan sit in your office and bring the world toyou."Thanks for the order. By using theLong Distance Telephone you enable us tosave twenty-four hours on the shipment.Yes, it certainly is wonderful."Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance Station.'CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYS (Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertatjon is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance in'cost, over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funoral Director.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,iconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1692Traders' BankJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK. Casnierj -v fsrr kU9GESDAY, APRIL 10, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.HwdMlSBui -MB AGGES-ju llu--! rj itcj .BfiiiHdi i i Br nrniiuiijuuui UUIIILU U U SUp iykTread fcEEJr"5icfc tp-uv'bt mfsr?.'M L'r,FAGESBVWi organdy, wliich has been used: by. Pak-'sian designers. This .combination islooked upon more in the lieht of p3fi!nmml I,mt-Qrjjj rourLfL-3 timesj theP 3 1 ? savingaBllifflTIT'nitf.ir.iivr1, - : v'Pour times the savingwith Diamond TiresAsk your' Diamond Tire dealer how muchyou will save on one Diamond.He knows the long life and unusual servicein these tires cf tough fabric and stubborn rubber, with the black squeegee tread which willactually outwear steel.Make your saving four times as greatcomplete 3'our set of Diamond Tir s.DiamonSqueegeeTreadFor Automobiles, Bicycles and MotorcyclesC. S. BALL GARAGE4th and Pleasant Sis., Paris, Ky. I gftinfllmiMany Novelties Appear forSpring and Summert-r THESTATEMENTMANAGE-"DO YOUROWNERSHIP,ME NT, ETC.,OFTHE BOURBON NEWS,dished Tuesdays and Fridays, atDUTY" SAYSCARDINALGIBBONS.PARASOLS, HATSAND BAGS TO MATCHi NEW YORK, April 9.The accessories of dress to whichso much importance is usually attach, ed are more deserving of our attention(at this time of the year than ever. So, much that is new is being brought out.for spring and summer that we cannotI afford to pass them over without consideration. The perfect-fitting shoeand gtove, the veil with just the rightI mesh to bo becoming, the parasol ofthe smartest shape, and the bag of thenewest sizt and outline, are all of paramount importance.BALTIMORE, April 9. "In the present emergency it behooves every1 American citizen to do his duty and tok nisneu i uesuays ami r naays, at upnoia tne nanus ot the President andi'scis, Ky., for April, 1917, required by the legislative department in the soltb Act of August 24, 1912. emn obligations that confront us,"KOTE This statement is to be made said Cardinal Gibbons, Thursday night,:t duplicate, both copies to be deliv- in response to requests coming fromerod by the publisher to the Postmas- distinguished statesmen at Washing-er, "ho will send one copy to the ton and others for an expression fromThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral him on the national crisis.Oivihion of Classification), Washing- "The primary duty of a citizen isn, D. C, and retain the other in the loyalty to country," continued the Cari ? of the postoffice.Same of Editor Swift Champ.Tostofiice Address Paris, Ky.tlaiiagiiig Editor Swift Champ.business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give tlirrjjne and address of stockholders holdjcg one per cent, or more of totalMnount of stock.)jdinal. "This loyalty is manifestedmore by acts than words; by solemnservice rather than by empty declamation. It is exhibited by an absolute and unreserved obedience to hiscountry's call.j "Both Houses of Congress with theexecutive are charged and sworn toframe those laws that are demandedby the present crisis. Whatever,iwift Champ. 'therefore, Congress may decide, shouldKnown stockholders, mortgages and be unequivocally compiled with byner security holders, holding one every patriotic citizen. Members ofer cent, or "more of total amount of both Houses of Congress are the minads, mortgages or other securities, isters of God guiding us in our civicTone. , duties. It behooves all of us, theru-SWIFT CHAMP. fore, to pray that the Lord of Hostscworn to and subscribed before nu may inspire our national legislatureZ'r 25th day of Septmber, 1916. and executive to frame such laws inC. K. THOMAS, 'the present crisis as will redound t-Notary Public Bourbon Co., Ky the glory of our country, to righteousCommission expires January lVness of conduct and to the future perVZy18.imanent peacei world."of the nations of theProfessional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.mlMi' , McCall)OPPORTUNITY!Stripes Run in Many DirectionsThis Silk FrockinMcCallIN REAREntranceonOF BANKFourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.rlRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.Spring house cleaning means cleaning inside and out Dull pimply skin'is an aftermath of winter inactivityFlush your intestines with a mild'laxative and clean out the accumulat- Afternooned waste, easy to take, they do notjgripe. Dr. King's New Life Pills willclear your conplexion and brighten ' Parasols are perhaps the most inter-your eye. Try Dr. King's New Life estin& of the accessories that claim ourPills to-night and throw off the slugrrock of ChiffonWith TaffetaTrimmednovelty than anything else. In a dressI of blue taffeta there was a wide bandof white organdy heavily embroideredin blue. Sleeves of blue chiffon com' pleted the dress, to show that all sorUof materials may be combined whenskilfully handled.Stripes in Summer SilksAlong with checks and plain materials, striped silks promise to be verypoular this season. There are suchcharming ways of making them up thatthey are ever so attractive when fashioned into frocks. A very delightfulway of developing a striped silk isshown here. The blouse is cut kimonofashion with the stripes meeting infront to form "Vs." In the boxpleated skirt, the stripes run up anddown in the front and back and bias atthe sides. A large, graceful collar withpoints falling over the shoulders, is aninteresting feature of this design. Thisstyle of collar is very new and is seenon tne latest coats as well as ondresses.Soft silks and soft taffetas inchangable colors with stripes, checks',and flower designs are among the mostfashionable materials. By decree offashion, foulard, being one of the softsummer silks, is to have a prominentplace among dress silks this season.igish winter shell. Atdruggists, 25o.(april-adv)WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.IRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"E5S enre Blind, Bleeding and Itching JPilea.li bbsorbs tbe tumors, allays itching at once,tne as a poultice, gives instant relief.Ttr sale by all druggists, mall 50c and tlJOO.Rembrandt Picture Is Found.""A picture at Zurich, which has hitherto been labeled "A Dutch Master,1650," has' just been identified as aKembrandt. It is a portrait of an oldman.attention just now. They have beer,rather neglected during the past summer, but, certainly, they are to bemade very much of during the comingseason, and the days are not so veryCLIP THIS AND PINON WlfE'S DRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses so TheyLift Off With Fngers.Ouch ! ? ! ? ! This kind of roughtalk will be heard less here in town if1SPRING.Spring is looked upon by many asthe most delightful season of the year,but this cannot be said of the rheumatic The cold and damp weatherbrings on rheumatic pains which areanything but pleasant. They can berelieved, however, by applying Chamberlain's Liniment. Obtainable every-tttLUMSMFG.CO,PracveIfliid,0Wo where.OBERDORFER, The Druggist.(april-adv)to match of these filmy materials.The idea of having hats and parasols to match is not seen only in thesevery airy and dainty sets.'' For sportswear, this idea is even more popular.Usually these are made of the brightsports silks in the attractive colorsand designs which belong particularlyto the present year.In shapes, the Japanese style isabout the most (popular of any. TheJapanese influence does not end withthe shape only, however, for many ofj the silks used are scattered with Japa'nese designs and figures.Short handles are noticed in a greatI many of the new parasols and at theends they are often provided with aHrvnn nr strnn tn hp. filinnprt nvp.r t.1nwrist, to be dropped back inside whennot in use, is another fashionable styleParasols have even gone so far as tobe equipped with watches strapped tothe handles for convenience.In bags, the full, puffy silk bags withgay striped linings and shell or hornmountings are the very latest. Beadbags are still popular, only varying inshape from the first bags of this kindSets of Parasol, Hat and Bag.To have your hat and bag trimmedto match the parasol you carry, is on-jof the smartest effects any one canhave this season, even if the trimming'is only a suggestion as shown in theBy Bourbon King 1788, dam Charm 10603 by Red Cloud 2197. sketch. The dress illustrated, is oneof those cool, airy affairs of chiffonThe best bred, the best individual and best doing five-gaited cloth, which material is beginning torival Georgette crepe for smart afternoon frocks. The belt, yoke and cuffsof this model are of taffeta. The skirtis an extremely graceful model withsoftly draped pockets at the sides,giving an attempt at the slight boufiar oil wnen we suau do seeing pro Ipeople troubled with corns vill follotection from the sun under them. True 'the simple advice of this Cincinnatimany of the new parasols make no pre authority, who claims that a few dropstense of being useful as far as shield- of a drug cailea Freezone when applieding one from the sun goes, but they to a tender, aching corn or hardenedwill be very useful in serving as a pic-"callous stop3 soreness at once, andturesque background for the dainty sooa the corn or callous dries up andsummer frocks. The irresistible ilifts right off without pajn.charm of some of these parasols is all He says Freezone dries immediatelyexcuse they can offer for existence. 'and never inflames or even irritatesSuch are those fashioned of net, 'the surrounding skin. A small bottlechiffon, and even lace. Some of these of Freezone woll cost very little at anyare lined with thin China silk, but drug st0re, but will positively removemany of them have not even this thin every hard or soft rii or callous fromstuff as a foundation. These are the one's feet. Millions of American woparasols that will grace many a sum-lmen wiU welcome this announcementmer fete and lawn party this year. Tosince the inauguration of the highauwuiyauy meiu mere are otien nais,i1PAiR. Tf vnnr drmrfrisf- rlnesn't ImvP.Freezone, tell him to order a smallbottle for you. (adv)Charming King 6284saddle horse in Kentucky standing at$25 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.A natural saddle horse with a perfect trot, faultless actionand most beautiful conformation. Kich bay, 15 3-4 hands .high,Weighs 1,125 pounds. Breed your good mares to him. For fant effect over the hips shown infurther information and extended pedigree, address some of the new models. The generallines of the dress keep to the straightH- A- POWER, PariS, Ky. silhouette, however.I An entirely new combination in anCumberland Telephone 109- " afternoon frock is that of taffeta andYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeffiyffsj jpA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come in and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Mr. R. F. Clendenin, .Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 8100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. SMITH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you men want to make an investment that will make you from 25 to1 OO per cent prof itCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them theonce over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWINClothing andShoe Dept.BROS.L. Wollstein, PropW9W999999mBourbon Laundryj DWiS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street2DT .5SatisfactionWatchwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances 'and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.illHHIIflt l..t, J..I..T. J..T t..T..Aa.X.T..T..T..T..7..T..J....T..J..T,.T, f fl T T I I 1 I I H ISole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-oo and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE Iititumiitnuiiiiinr l,M,Tftillllllimmn- v-b V: ,Vr A "-fmII!1i 'isf. i'11 'i;1S'!,fy1MILLERSBURGMrs. Henry Patterson, is quite ill.Col. W. M. Layson is among theiok.Mrs. Clara Shanks improvesslowly.xr; t n ah romoinc i,-the same.' 'Misses Margaret B. Clarke andDorothy Peed have returned after a teuJ -J.., -0..fPT XT -VTx.fs ovjuuuj ti Buuaw, i. x.Uieo Toririrof Provan Viae ilrtcc'lj. ..cwv ..-" i .. -iier school at Purdy and returned toier home at Little Rock, Friday.Rev. R. L. Stevenson, of DelawareUniversity, of Delaware. 111., is the I.giest of his cousin, Dr. W. M. Miller-Mrs. Marv Huffman and son, Mr.JUchard Huffman, have returned afterfew days visit to relatives at Berry.The ladies of the Baptist churcn4ield a sale of eatables Saturday at theExchange Bank. A nice sum was real-Mrs. W. A. Munzing, who has beenthe guest of her mother for several-vs. has returned to her home in-M&ysville, accompanied by her mothei .Mrs. Martha VimontThe doors of the M. C. and M. M. T a well-known farmer of the Jackson--wore closed from Friday until thisne vicinity, died at his home earlymorning on account of the Easter hoi- Fri(iav m0rniug, after an illness otHays .Most of the student bodies .several veeks He is survived by his-4Tfeent Easter at their homes. I . . , ,. . ... . , ,-Jules Falk, the noted vIoUnisUwldowwho was Mlsf8. lhe Fleutmasjgave a recital at the M. C. auditorium ! ter an(1 ten grown children."Jhursdav night to an appreciative au-j Funeral services were held at theence. His program was good, as ML Carrael Christian church, at l.oOwe all knew what to expecL this bein:ls third appearance of Mr. Falk inokt midsLMr. Victor Bogcart, of Lexingtondelivered ai. address at the Methodistchurch Sunday evening on Belgium..His address was interesting, and,notwithstanding the inclement weather, he was greeted by a large audi-ence.-- HUTCHISON."' AAMr. John Wiggins was a visitor inXrffldngton, Saturday.Miss Margaret Medlin is quite illat her home near Hutcison.Mrs. Quincy Buigess visite'lXriends at Lexington last week.The children of Mr and Mr-.iWiito are ill with the measles.Miss Lillian Berkley was a weeic, Barbee came to uonticello four schools for several terms. She is a set the well-laid plans for Easter pa-M?iomaseBrown ofMUmorc 'years ago. He was from Kentucky handsome and accomplished young wo- rade Sunday, and set about the meanis visiting his father, Mr. J. T. Brown having been reared at Millersburg. !- Mr. Harney is a well-known est weather the department had inMr .1 t TitaVev is slichtlv im- Ttmirbnn conntv. and was a member of oung farmer of the Ruddles Mills pre- stock. Following delightful weatherproved from a severe attack of pneu-monia..Mrs. Kooert uiacue anu &on, vvi- state His grandfather was a publishlism, were guest of friends at Lexmg- nnntt: at T.ovintnn. n.i .Mrs. George Jacoby and daughtei the first newspaper west of the Alle- owing to the possible danger of imMiss Myra Jacoby, were visitors in gheney Mountains. portant long distace messages beingXrexington, Saturday. I "His wife .preceded him to the intercepted at night by designing per-Mrs. Herbert Kanck and son, her-osL have returned irom a pleasant-risit to Wends at WinchesterMr. and Mrs. Eldndge have solaieir household effects .and have goneco Virginia to make their Permanent'have made our country noteworthy for the afternoon until eight o'clock theREAL ESTATE DEALS. its hospitality and one-heartedness. He f0n0Wjng morning. Orders to this ef-jwas the soul of honor and integrity, a ft.ct were received by Manager H. HMrs. Lucv Alexander Anderson, wife an ot many and close friends, a citi- Floydf of the Taris exchange, Sunday,-oi Mr. W.H. Anderson. Superintend- zen of worthy and straighforward mor- This is a,plireiy precautionary' measent of Uiis division of the Louisville ality. Many friends, attacted and urGf taken because the GovernmentJfe Nashville railroad, closed a deal on bound to him during his life by his win noNV De using the lon& distanceFriday with the heirs of the late Mr sterling traits, join in offering sympa service -m transmission of orders andMike Carmody. uho resides in India- thy to the bereaved family." i assignment of troops for guard duty insapolis, wherebv she becomes ownerof the two-story business house oi.Main street, adjoining the property ofMr.John Merringer. at a private,j price.The house is now occupied by MAlbert Anthon as a meat market. MrsAnderson will at once have the old2iouse torn away and a new modernuj-to-date business house erected onthe site.Mr. C. F. Lail, of Harrison county,- recently purchased of Mr. William Wilson, a small farm of twenty-sevenvacres, located near Shawhan, for whichlie paid about ?200 per acre. Mr. Wilson. sold his store and residence locat--edin Shawhan to Mr. John Current, of- Shawhan, for a private price. Mr. Curr rent will make a number of improve-meats in the property.The Robert Hughes place, located at"Tarr's Station, near Millersburg, containing about seventy acres, unimprov-ed, has been purchased of Mr. R. M.Smith, of Millersburg, by Mr. RobertJohnson, of the same place, for $185per acre, or a total of ?13,000.T.BOURBON TRAINER BACK.The racing stable of Mr. J. W. Fuller,which has been at the Tiajuana track,in California all winter, has arrived arthe Lexington track, for preliminarytraining for the spring races at that-jrtace. The stable is in charge ofTrainer James Hukill, of Paris, andJockey VanDusen.The eleven horses in the stringcame in well and full of life. July Flyand Lazy Ben were left, behind. Injury was turned out farm in Texas, Tokalon March, Dixie Marchmont LittleMarchmont' II and Mary Fuller will bttamed out for a while on one of thebig stock farms near Lexington. The"horses that will be raced at the Kentucky Association track under the caroof Mr. Hukill are Tokay, DorothyDean,, Ask Her, Beautiful Girl, ColonelMarchmont, Premium and Captain.- Marchmont.SUIT FOR TAXES.X suit in which the State seeks to !recover back taxes for five years fromthe personal estate of the late Mr.tlofan W. Tanner, of Bourbon county,ha been filed here by Sheriff W. F'Talbott The suit is directed against,the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo. as admistrators of the estate. Mr.Tanner's estate is estimated at about46,000.DEATHS.DIXONMiss Henrietta Howe Dixon, agedfifty, died at her home in Comiskey, Indiana, recenUy, after a short illness.She was a daughter of Mr. Ben. FHowe, of Bourbon counLy, and a sisterof Mrs. Sam Shrout, of Paris ; Mrs. Bettie Sparks, of Cynthiana, and Mrs. Lu-1 ..--.cy Jarrisn, or Dayton, Ky. The tuner-. ...... . . ..al ana ounai toop place in uomisKey.NORTHCOTT.-Mr. John B. Northcott, of Paris, received information of the death at Clif-iton Heights, near Newport, of Mrs.Hannah Northcott, aged ninety years.She was the wife of Rev. H. C. Northcott, founder of the Ruggles' Campmeetimjr near Flemingsburg. Rev( Northcott is an unce o Mn 3m BNorthcott, of Paris, and Editor Hiramuuiey. oi iemingsDurg.LIZER.Mr. Albert Lizer, aged sixty-eight,, o'clock Sunday afternoon, conductedby Rev. J. R. Jones, of the Christianchurch. The burial followed in BattleGrove Cemetery, at Cynthiana.BARBEE.Mr. F. J. Barbee, one of Bourbon'sformer citizens, who has been residingwith his son, Mr. John F. Barbee, iMonticello, Arkansas, died there lastSaturday afternoon, after a short illness. The Monticello (Ark.) Advancesays:"Last Saturday afternoon about 2:00I o'clock at the residence of his son, Mrj F Barbee Qne of Monticello.s weil.known citizens, Mr. F. J. Barbee, dieJI very suddenly. He had been ill a fev.i days prior to his death but on the dayon which he died he remarked thathe had never felt better in his lifeTIie remains were interred Monday afow,rtrt f nnWonH nornnt0 with th.-Rev. Flournoy Shepperson officiatinga distinguished family, his foreparentsbeing among the first settlers of thatgrave a number of years ago. He issurvived by an only son, Col. J. F.!bee, of this city...In the death of Mr. Barbee theSoutll Ioses one of its typicai oldsouthern bluebloods. whoAPRIL wpRYSTUDENT" OUTi tV' UUt" ' UU 'The April number of bverystu-dent.- the Paris High School monthyissued d tne suiuenis oi me scnooi.has been issued from TIIE BOURBONNEWS job rooms.The April number, like its pre.lecessors. is an excellent and most interesting one, being full of good things,in a literary way, from the firstpage to the last.The contents embrace, besides theathletic and editorial contributions,contributions as follows: "A StoryWith a Moral," by Lutie Crowe; "InMemoriam," by Edna Snapp; "ALetter From Willowmore Vale," byLilly Kennedy; "The Biography of MyGreatgrandmother," by Dorothy Harris; "Why Go To College," by Jennings JTaylor; "Toasts For the Teams,"by C .C. Dawes and Raymond Con-nell; "Revised," by Jennings Taylor,"Transcendentalism," by J. Taylor,"The Sun Fairies' Strike," by LutieCrowe, and two unsigned contributions comprise articles dealing withthe basket ball teams' successful sea-son. Among the news features are areview of the Girls' Glee Club pro-1gram; the honor roll, and expressionsof esteem and sympathy to Mrs. Ernest Harris in the death of her lovelydaughter, Dorothy, a P. H. S. studentloved by all; also sympathy resolutions to Charles Chappell, on thedeath of his father. A remarkablybrilliant and clever contribution byMiss Dorothy Harris is one of the features of the publication.THE CENSORSHIP.It is not probable that the Government and the press will have any differences as to the manner in whichwar news should be handled. Suchrequests as that the press refrainfrom publishing the date of- the departure of steamers, or their destination, are too reasonable to be refusedTho nr-nUnUllil,. : 1. iVr-T i T a ".. .,.o uuj iciium pup, nowI0 -'"b -cueu uy uerman spies.it will be necessary to get rid of th?spies before any real sececy as to de-partures and destinations can be main-tained. but the press will do all it canio neip uie cause. Jt will in all matters be responsive to the reasonablerequests, demands or orders of theGovernment, assured that the Government never will try to abridge itsrights as has been done in Europe.MATRIMONIAL.Jjan upm uas oeen iiatemnff , in 'cn the telephone wires again. This isine miomauon conveyeu 10 mn.WB man, meaning mat anotner 01tue Cumberland Telephone Co.'s pop -operators is to renounce singleuiesseaness anu soon ueLume lu wueof a former county official, who is nowanirnirnil in fnfminrr -nartf Pnno Thft"tfocu m iaimmfa m- Alw. xo,mnyyin rrn. ii.Jll Inl-n tv1oo in Parie fViij fi"'tc " ; ju . ... tUioI week. The bride-to-be and her futureI husband have both been residents oi' Paris several years, and both are deservedly popular.DAVID WILSON.Miss Josephine David, daughter otMrs. M. David, of Shawhan, and MrLlewellyn Wilson, of Grant county,were married by Rev. W. O. Sadler,pastor of the Paris Methodist church,at the home of the bride's mother, inShawhan.CASSELL STEWART.Miss Mary Leonard Cassell andMr. Willis Taylor Stewart, both ofLcxinirton. wero. married in that cltvs.. ,i. i- r,..t ii i 1cuy roc weeh. xjoiu uu bu Knownhere, where they have been frequentvisitors is attendants unon the societ-VlSltOrS as attenuantS Upon tlie SOCieC.,dances.The brial couple are now on theirhoneymoon trip, going to Fort Worth,Texas, the former home of Mr. StewarL They will return to Lexington irabout two weeks to reside.FISHER HENRY.Miss Ruby Fisher and Mr. ArthurIJarney, both of the Ruddles Mills vivmity, who secured a marriage licensefrom County Clerk Pearce Pato'n lastAeek, were married in Lexington inthe private parlor of the Phoenix Hotel, Rev. I. J. Spencer, pastor of thej Tho forecast of the week beginningCentral Christian church, officiating. Sunday, April 8, as sent out by tli3Friends of the young couple who wit-1 Weather Bureau, is as follows:nessed the wedding were Miss Mar- f For Ohio Valley and Tennesseegaret Wilkerson, Mr. R. B. Rankin 'Unsettled and rain beginning of week,Mrs. C. W. Harney and Miss Bessie followed by fair until about ThursdayHarney. . 'or Friday, when rain again probable.The bride is a daughter of Mr. and First part cool; warmer after Tuesday.Mrs. James Fisher, of Ruddles Mills Iand has been a teacher in the county! The mean weather man rudelv up-cinct.A PRECAUTIONARY MEASURE.s enne nnstjihlfk pnpmiPR of Hip AmfiripjtiiBar-;rnment orders have been issuedc managers of all exchanges of therumberland Telenhone Co to have all?l!!?l?the State. It has been pointed outthat it would be a comparatively easymatter for someone with an cxper1knowledge of the workings of a telephone system to get possession of val-uab,0 information by means of thelocal telephone booth. It was rumored Sunday that guards would also beplaced in the exchanges to protect thenight operators and to watch for interference with the service.The general public will understandfrom this why the Main street doorsof the Paris exchange, in the Odd Fellows building, are closed and lockedfrom five p. m. to eight a. m. the following morning, and govern themselves accordingly.POPULAR SUPERINTENDENTHAS PRIVATE CAR.The Louisville & Nashville has presented Mr. W. H. Anderson, Superintendent of the Kentucky Central Division, with a handsomely fitted up private car, which he will use in his inspection tours over the company'slines,The car is a model of completeness'and has every modern convenience forthe comfort of the occupants, beingsupplied with sleeping compartmentskitchen, dining rooms, observationcompartments, etc.MEETING OF CREDITORS.The creditors of Mr. Adam R. Davisrestaurant man, who filed a petition inbankruptcy some time ago in the US. District Court at Frankfort, held ameeting at the court house last weekAttorney P. A. Thompson was selected as Trustee for the bankrupt, andMessrs. Leer Stout, Frank Burton andJ. A. Farris were selected to appraisethe estate which will be disposed of afpublic sale soon.TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.The Bourbon-Agricultural , Bank &Trust Company has been appointed bylthe Countv Court to administer the nstate of the late Mn John w Tannerof Bourbon County, who died suddenly, Le-iHe some time ago while onn visitThe Trust Company qualified by giving bond in the sum of $25,000, without surety, their charter dispensingwith same. Mr. Tanner's estate, estimated at more than $25,000, comprisesa large amount of cash, notes, etc.RELIGIOUS.iur. ana lvirs. itooert lueieer, OiHutchison precinct, have united withtne rans rresoyienan cnurcn.1 The children of the Methodisl' . rpb ,, nTfl.fnahlAno:gg.rolling Saturday afternoon in thed of Mr c Q Hinton, on MaintrpfifRev. George H. Harris, rector ofSt Peters Episcopal church, conducted Easter services and administeredthe Holy Communion at the eveningservice in the Cynthiana church Sun-day.TO STOP VOTEBUYING AND SELLING.It is said that a fund is being raisedin this city and county by a numberDf interested citizens in the interest o"securing a clean and honest vote forall candidates on the ticket to bevoted for at the primary election inAugust.The. fund' according to the best avail-dU,c mMmrtWU' "aa ,eauueu il i3Ulubem excess oC 5d'000' wnich wused in a iudicial wav. in entrnerinfr thn ll. - dPtPPUvMiTii tnsen ices oi prnate detectives and toProsecute all violators of the laws. It, . , a jtis saiu tnaL tne sum win prooaoiy bedoubled before its use will be required.The recently-enacted corrupt practice law will do away with vote-buyingand selling in a large way. Everycandidate will be required to list hisexpeses, stating clearly what all moneys were expended for, and certainlynone would be brazen enough to violate this law, with its rigid provisionsTHE WEATHER.of Saturday, Easter Sunday developedinto a day of mingled rain and snowalmost approaching a blizzard Sundayafternoon. Those who had anticipated !the day as one of warmth and sunshine, in order to display their neivspring outfits, were sadly disappointed. There was a cood attendanpp nfMster semces in all the churches.ehsppItQeJ very "sreeab e weatherThe senices were ver "npressivn,mu and sermonsking P the program.DRESS UP WITHXIMf.1iRAftftKlCRtGUSPAFOffBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr Thunnan Hin-kie, near Little Rock, a daughter,.christened Anna Margaret Hinkle.PUTTING IT ON "BEN.'In its "Notes of the Traveling Men"the Sunday Lexington Leader says:"Tne Hon. Benjaman 'Uneeda' Dow-ney is tne Happiest man in Lexingtonto-day. He received a wire from th3New York office Saturday telling himthat he is the first man in the Southern jurisdiction to get on the roll ofhonor of the sales and general effici-'ency force of the National BiscuitCompany. Ben is one of the most popular salesmen in Lexington territory."ANNUAL BANQUET.The annual banquet of Everyman'sClass of the North Middletown Christian Church, one of the social event!that have ma'de that section and clasi Ifamous, will be held at North Middle-!town in the old Christian church build Jmg on Thursday evening, April 12, a7:00 o'clock. The people of North MidthSnc in n hiifllet(n never do thm&s m a nalt-TiPnrtPrl wnv sr tTirP whn nttonrl thi."banquet will have a rare treaL Anumber of prominent speakers will bepresent, and there will be a generalall-round good time.EyeIs theConservationPractice ofOptometryBy intelligent methods of eyeexamination, for the purpose offurnishing the right kind ofGlasses when needed.We PracticeOptometry.Call or Phone Us.FRYE & FRANKLIN:Doctors of OptometryDow Bldfi., opp. Windsor Hoft:-rtfTbThe largest and most completedisplay of beautiful Easter Footwear Jever offered now readyfor you. AH the new noveltiesin white, grey, Russ. tan and otherble shades, as well as the more conservativestylesFor Men, Womenand ChildrenAt ONE-HALF tie Price You Pay Elsewhere!Our Method of Merchandising Cuts YourShoe Cost! Experienced shoe men buyingin unlimited quantities for our large chain ofstores for spot cash assures you of the bestin shoes at lowest possible prices.DAN COHENPARIS, KY.Delicious 'Juicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376TOGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKHome-KilledMeatsSeed SweetPotatoes(Strausberg and Bermuda)Special PricesThis Week.MflRGOLEN'SZfc-fashionaTlAZru&KS uj mwt ,9-