lVHv6-."Sfvv'-.v:THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.As;-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27. 1317TOBACCO SEASON DRAWINGCLOSE AT HAND.It is now a matter of but a shorttime until hundreds of wagons willTie cowing -to Paris from all partsof the county, bringing in to thelocal warehouses Bourbon's splendid crop of loose leaf tobacco. Therehave been some drawbacks in raising this year's crop, but, on thewhole, it is well up in average quality, and will bring the growers goodmoney.There is, of course, the customaryspeculation as to price, but it- can besafely predicted that high figureswill prevail for good tobacco. Thedemand is even greater tnan lastyear for both chewing and smokingtobacco, and there are other reasonsfor expecting good prices.The largest sale of tobacco everknown here as regards price wasclosed last week when Groin Brothers sold to the American TobaccoCompany 898 hogsheads, or 950,000pounds of Burley tobacco of the1916 crop at 30 cents a pounds.This practically clears up the oldBurley of Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana. They also sold to Richmondand Louisville firms 450,000 poundsof dark Indiana sucker leaf and lugsat an average of 184 qents, a rec-;ord for this.The following purchases of the!weed were recently made by Burke& Collins, for the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse: 8,000 pounds fromWm. Grimes, of Paris, at $28.50;"20,000 pounds from N. H. Fletcher.of Montgomery county, at $28.00;10,000 pounds from Layson &Higgs, of Millersburg, at $35.00.Mr. Ben F. Buckley, or near Centerville, purchased about 42,000pounds from Dr. A. J. A. Alexanderand tenants, in Woodford county at$30.00. His son, Mr. Claude Buckley, purchased 20,000 pounds fromthe same parties at $35.00.Ta 13 TsaSERIES OP ACCIDENTS.In a collision between two autosbelonging to Mr. Varden Shipp, of-near Clintonville, and Mr. MattLair, near the Farmers Supply Co.'s,on Main street, both machines were"badly damaged. The occupants wereuninjured.A horse driven by Mrs. L. B.Keal, of Nepton, became frightenedat a locomotive on the L. & N.while en route to Paris and attempted to run away. The occupants of Jthe buggy, Mrs. Keal, two daughters of Mrs. Charles Collins, of nearParis, and a colored girl, jumpedfrom the vehicle, sustaining slightbruises. The colored girl managedto secure the reins and stop thehorse. The women were sent totheir homes, where examination developed that Mrs.. Kqal had sustained a sprained wrist.Henry Morton, a colored farmhand employed by Mr. S. L. Weathers, near Paris, was found at 10:30o'clock Saturday morning on theParis and Clintonville pike, withhis head fastened between thestandard and the hind wheel of awagon, which he was driving. Hewas bleeding profusely from thenose and mouth.Morton was on his way to Parisfor a Joad of lumber, and at thetime his body was found the teamwas standing still on the side of theroad. Help was summoned andMorton removed to his home on the.Weathers place, and medical aidsummoned. Morton was unconsciousfrom the time he was found untilyesterday noon. He has been inMr. Wetherall's employ for over sixteen years.i F3 TiBOURBON MEN RECEIVE THEIRCOMMISSIONS IN ARMY.Present indications are thannearly every Paris and Bourboncounty man now in training in theOfficers Reserve Corps at Ft. Benjamin Harrison, will soon -receivecommission as officers in the service.According to information receivedhere yesterday commissions wer.eissued on Saturday to Cassius M.Clay, of Paris, as First Lieuteant,and James A. Redmon, of Millersburg as Second Lieutenant.Both are earnest, hardworking students and their promotion is a recognition of worth and merit.Mr. and Mrs. Grant Galloway, ofnear Paris, received a telegram fromtheir son, Mr. Finnell Galloway,who is at the officers' training campat Ft. Benjamin Harrison, apprising them of his appointment as Second Lieutenant in the army. Lieut.Galloway will spend Thanksgivingwith his parents, near Paris.Stanley Taylor Chase, of Danville,grandson of Capt. Ed. Taylor, formerly of Paris, has been awarded apromotion at Ft. Benj. Harrison asFirst Lieutenant. Lieut Chase is ason of Dr. H. S. Chase, of JunctionCity, well-known in Paris. He istwenty-one years old and enlisted inLexington.CHRISTMAS NECKWEAR.Bright, rich colors, suitable foramy man's taste 50c to $3.J. W. DAVIS & CO.,C TJEEY MAEKET LOUISVILLE POST SUPPORTS COLORED WOMAN MEETS AWTO OPEN DECEMBER 6. j HON. CLAUDE M. THOMAS , FUL FATEihe local turkey slaughteringand packing hous of Chas. S.Brent & Bro., having closed a successful season for the Thanksgivingmarket, will be ready to receive andhandle turkeys for the Christmasmarket about December 6. Theseason win close about the 15th orLDin- ture will be decided to a, great ex- of Willis Allen, went to the hog penThe birds are of the best quality, tent when the Speaker of the House to feed the hogs, and not returning,in many years and the Tanners have is selected. Claude M. Thomas, of a search was instituted for her, rerealized quite a nice profit. For the the neighboring county or Bourbon, suiting in finding her dead body,last few weeks turkeys have been is at present the Democratic For- The wo.man was subject to atpouring into the local market and ward League's selection for that seat tacks of vertigo and heart trouble,the crop is estimated to be away while the administration is prepar- and the theory was advanced that,above the average. Last year it was ing Robert T. Crowe, of LaGrange, in leaning over the rails of the pen.about twenty per cent, below the to oppose him in the caucus. Dur- she was seized with an attack ofnormal. ing the past week the Louisville vertigo, and fell into the pen. HerIn the early part of the season Evening Post got in strongly behind face, arms and other parts of herthe farmers received twenty-three . Thomas, declaring editorially that body had been frightfully mutilatedto twenty-nve cents a pound for .his nomination 'would be everyturkeys on foot. After the butcher- where greeted as an indication thating for the Eastern shipments was. the Democratic party in the Stateover the maximumpricedroppedconsiderably. Turkeys on foot aretselling for twenty-seven to thirtycents per pound, while the dressedbirds are bringing from thirty-fiveto forty-five cents a pound. Although the demand for turkeys hasbeen strong the dealers have received birds faster than they could besold, and as a result there is a goodsupply still on the market.In spite of the fact that the cropis above the average, it is estimatedthat beteween fifty and sixty percent, of the turkeys are being heldback for the Christmas market.Other fowls which grace the tableon Thanksgiving Day are also plentiful, and it seems likely that Thursday of this week as well as Tuesdaywill not be "meatless days" as defined by Mr. Hoover.J5i PS! ?5JUSE GAS.Use gas it's cheaper than coal,and so much cleaner. No dirt, nokindling, etc. Remember, too, thatthe city will not let us tear up thestreets for connections after thebad weather sets in. Have your gasconnections made now, or you willnot be able to have gas these Ionswinter days. Call us up.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(23-2t)IBi WX 121TWO'NAVAL RECRUITSBOURBON COUNTY.FROMTwo Bourbon county men, Nimrod Crump, of Paris, and WallaceKiser,. of near Kiserton, were accepted at the Lexington Naval Recruiting Station, Saturday, as recruits for the navy and were sentto Louisville for final examination.Franklin county had the unusualhonor last week of furnishing atotal of twenty recruits for thenavy, all of them passing a successful examination, and being sent tothe Naval Training Station at Norfolk, .Virginia.A IB IBB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsPS feFLEMING COUNTY HOME DESTROYED BY FIRE.At Beechburg, in Fleming county,the home of Levi Houston was destroyed by fire. The loss was $1,000 on the house and probably $800on the contents. Insurance for$350 was carried on the house, butnone on the contents.f fca faFire,, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan,K ja bPOLICE .COURT REPORTBusiness in the Paris Police Courtduring the month ending Thursdaywas very light, as evidenced by thefollowing report submitted at theCouncil meeting by Judge B. B.January: Amount of fines assessed,$7.50; amount repltrvlned, none;amount collected, $7.50; amountsuspended, none; amount pardoned,none; amount worked out, none.There was but one case in the courtduring the month, represented bythe amount given above.. tes ?s teWALL PAPER.Pure Mammoth Bronze, Mis. Wal25 rooms of high-grade wall paperto close out regardless of cost.These papers are all first-class, up-to-dategoods, and can be bought atless than 50. Prices range from10c to 25c per roll. Former pricesup to ?1'.00. See us quick for pick.S. B. BORLAND,Phone 159. Cor. Fifth and High.(27-lt)1EQ IQl TESCLARK COUNTY LAB3 OFPECULIAR ACCIDENT.James Bybee Allen, son of Mr.and Mrs. J. K. Allen, of Clanccounty, had his nwe broken Wednesday morning when he was "butted" by an infuriated sheep. Hewas catching a number of sheeppreparing to' bring the animals toWinchester, when one of the drovetaking him unawares sprang forward an strilck him in the face.The Lexington Herald's political The body of Susie Allen, middlewriter, Mr. Maurice Burnaugh, for- aged colored woman, residing nearmerly of Paris, writes in Sunday's Little Rock, was found by a searchpaper, as follws: ing party in a hog pen near the"Whether the Democratic For- Allen, home. The body was badlyward League or the Stanley men mutilated and dfefimirpfi. thp re-are to hold the upper hand in thelower House of the coming Legisla-proposed to put its affairs on thehighest plane.' """15s te teWANTS NAMES OF SOLDIERS AT,beingr deemed unnecessary.CAMP TAYLOR.Mrs. Thos. A. McDonald, president of Richard Hawes Chapter, U.D. of C, of Paris, is in receipt of aletter from Mrs. James B. Camp,of Louisville, State President of theju. D. C, asking her to senda listof the Paris and Bourbon countysoldiers at Camp Zachary Taylor,who are sons or grandsons of Cen-federate veterans. It is Mrs. Camp'spurpose to visit all such, and if theyare sick to see that uiey are givenattention.A list of these soldiers will befurnish to Mrs. Camp ' as soon asthey can be compiled. It is requested that all who know thenames of such soldiers please communicate them to Mrs. McDonald.at Paris, by mail, or telephone, orpersonally.is ?s is iWAR STAMPS ONPAPERS.ALL LEGALDocumentary stamps, which, afterDecember 1, must be attached to alldeeds, notes, mortgages, and otherlegal papers can be obtained fromChief Deputy Wm. Grayot, in theoffice of Revenue Collector PercyHaley, at Lexington.The Collector's office has received a large supply of these stampsfrom Washington. Although it isseveral days before the stamp provision of the revenue law goes intoeffect, many persons have expresseda desire to obtain a stock of stampsbefore that time.WE KNOW HOWi HICopyright, 1917iStcfcaels, fttern & Co.istyle and quality that dther ready-to-wear clothes donot have. Every Suit and Overcoat sold by us isguaranteed to be just as we represent it to be, and ifeither garment shouldn't wear to your entire satisfaction we are always willing to make you entirelysatisfied.SUITS AND OVERCOATS FROM$15.00 to $40.00 ?We will Jbe glad to show you the different stylesin Men's Suits at any time.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesBegin Today and Do Your Christmas Shopping ! Jtures being almost unrecognizable.. The Allen woman, who is the wifeby the hogs.Coroner Rudolph Davis being outof the city, Magistrate Roger Burns, of the Little Rock precinct, wassummoned. Squire Burris held aninquest, which developed the facts' as stated above, a .formal inquestTHANKSGIVING FOWLS.Leaveyourducksorderandfor dressedturkeys forchickens,, Thanksgiving for tis. We havesome extra, nice fowls on hand.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.fe Ea isTHANKSGIVING LEGALDAY.HOU-Thursday (Thanksgiving Day) being a legal holiday, the banks andpostoffice will be closed.No business will be transacted inthe registry or- money order department at the postoffice.The delivery window will be openfrom 11:30 to 12:30, for the accommodation of residents who get mailon the rural routes and the city pat-&ons- There will be one mall delivery in the city and two collections,the last at four o'clock in the afternoon. Tnere will De no delivery onthe eight rural routes out of theParis office.I The schools will close for the holidays, and a large proportion of thebusiness houses will observe the dayLby giving a half-holiday to employes. I As has long been the custom theday will be featured with specialservices in many or the Parischurches, and Thanksgiving offerings will be received for variouscharitable organizations supported. by churches and fraternal orders.Have YouBought YourOvercoat andSuit for Winter? IIN Mitchell & Blakemore'sClothes you will find theright kind of merchandise,style, price and quality. Wesell the famous Stein Blochand Michaels Stern Clothes,made in Rochester, N. Y.,clothes that have individualLET'S RETURN THANKSThis will be Thanksgiving week,and next Thursday will be Thanksgiving Day. Our people will bevery busy studying over the manythings for which to give thanks,and how to make a nice menu forthe hearty family on that day of alldays, so as not to impair theirstrength and cheer, while keepingwithin the bonds of the new andnecessary rules for saving.We may have turkey, for that isa meat that cannot be sent abroad,and we already have a fruit jellythat qan be substituted for any seasoning requiring sugar. All sorts ofnice vegetables are allowed, andfruits in abundance. Candy fromthe shops need not be tabooed, asthere is a lot here already made,which will have to be used, and" thiswill afford the sweets necessary toconserve sugar.One of the chief causes for thankfulness is that we may send Christmas gifts and letters to our men atthe front, in the cantonments, onthe seas and in other places, andthat the Government has arrangedto see that the mail is forwarded tothem at the very earliest possiblemoment.All over the lan& the Red Crosswomen have made the most acceptable gifts by the hundreds for theboys in the trenches and each onewill be remembered without partiality, as no names have been given.The Paris and Bourbon CountyChapters have made good long agoand the boxes have been on theroad in time to get out of the way ofthe general crush at the last minute. Let's all give thanks at home.There is much to be thankful for.We can each return thanks in his orher own way, and it will come outall right in the end.Let all Americans be thankfulthat they are American citizensand not a "Hun."Ts Ha KaGOOD THINGS TO EATCall us for the best things to behad in the eating line. For thisweek we will have among othergood things: Reelfoot Lake Fish,Turkeys, Chickens, Ducks, Baltimore Oysters, Celery, Cranberries,Fish and Fowls dressed FREE ofcharge. -Get the habit of orderingfrom us. You'll like it.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKETS(27-2t)83Ea HaMME. PETROVA "IN THE LAW OFTHE LAND."Mme. Petrova has been in America six years. June 20, 1917, marked t.hfi anniversarv of the distinguished Russian artiste's arrival ininis country. up to mai Lime xiihad won a most enviable reputationon the Continent and in Englandas a vaudeville artiste of remarkableskill and versatility.Mme. Petrova has also gainedprominence as an interviewer anddramatic writer on the LondonTribune, when her remarkable performance on the stage attracted theattention of Jesse L. Lasky, whowas visiting Europe for the express purpose of finding talent forhis joint enterprise with Henry B.Harris, the 'Folies Bergeres."Several months ago she rejoinedMr. Laskey in his newer field of endeavor, becoming a Lasky star inParamount pictures. Her first Paramount production, "The UndyingFlame," has already been presentedto the public and won the unqualified approval of the press and publict alike.Mme. Petrova is now appearingin "The Law of the Land," an adaptation from George Broadhurst's celebrated play of that name. Tht3was directed by Maurice Tourneur,who also directed "The UndyingFlame." "The Law of the Land"has been announced to appear atthe Alamo and Paris Grand Theatre on Wednesday afternoon andevening, November 28.la is tePURCHASE AUTOS.Drs. James A. Orr, and Milton J.Stern returned last week from Detroit, Mich., driving new DodgeBrothers" touring cars they recently purchased. They were accompanied as far as Lexington by Mr. Jos.Goodwin, of the Goodwin-Field Motor Car Company.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportthe sale during the past week of twoCadillac-Eight touring cars, one toMr. Samuel Clay, of near Paris, andone to Mr. George W. Davis, ofParis.Among recent purchasers of autoswho have applied to the Commissoner of Motor Vehicles for licenseare the following from Bourboncounty:W. P. Shanklin, Millersburg,Haynes; Virginia Turpin, Paris,Bucik; S. T. Chipley, Paris, Ford;T. B. Berkley, Paris, Ford; Mrs. G.Stamler, Paris, Paige; Dr. W. R.TTmnklin. Paris. Chevrolet; R. B.Hinkle, Paris, Ford; C. L. McDaniel,lpieud to tkte well in. a tor day,..AThe music-loving people of Pariwill be given a real treat on Thursday night (Thanksgiving) when thaBoys Band and' the Girls Orchestra from the I. O. O. F. Home atLexington, will appear in concertand recitals at the court houseThese organizations are too favorably known here to need any formalintroduction to our people. Thejjare musicians by natural selectionand careful training under DirectorEllis O. Kidd, and the programthey will present will attest the excellent trainings they have had. Thafollowing is the program:ORCHESTRA.March "All America" ... ZameniciOverture "Spirit of the Winds. .- Bennett"Valse "Girl Who Smiles" . BriquetTrombone. Solo "O'er the Billowy Sea" Smith'Emma WoodruffSelection "Bohemian Girl Opera'"Balfa,Vocal Solo Selected iLona FitzpatrickMedley "Southern Songs"air by Al Haye3BAND CONCERTMarch "Zouaves" HuitOevrture "Inspiration" . FillmoraMelody "Operatic Gems"v BerryCornet Solo. ."Gaiety Polka"J HawleyJohnnie SpicerSelection "American Patrol" . .MeachataInetrmezzo "Tom, Tom Man" . .Remick.Medley "American Patriotic Airs"- air by KiddBand and Orchestra1E2 IS 151EXTRA FINE GRAPE FRUIT.Grape fruit 5 for 25 cents, 3 for25 cents and 2 for 25 cents allsizes and prices.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.') P fcSAVE YOUR MONEY.The salaried man should invest apart of his salary each week whereit will be safe, and will bring 3Lgood interest yield.Such a conservative place to invets is in the Bourbon BuildingLoan Association One dollar atweek will buy four shares of stockin the Association; in six and onehalf years your one dollar a weekinvestment, plus the dividends Itdraws, will amount to ?4 00.00.Your money can be withdrawn atany time, but if it stays in for 5Zweeks you will receive a dividend.Why not join our new serieswhich begins Saturday, Dec. 1st?BOURBON BUILDING & LOAN ASSOCIATION, WELL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.(27-2t)Ss Si teFORMER NEWSPAPER MAN RE-'TURNS TO GAME. 'After having been out of the-newspaper business in an activeway for several years, during whicbtime he has been engaged in thepublicity bureau of an Ohio proprietary medicine, Mr. Sherman H-Stivers will return to the game, and .be located in Paris.Mr. Stivers will be manager of a.branch office to be established inParis by the Lexington Herald, andwill also be the local correspondentof that paper. Mr. Stivers will assume his duties on December 1, inan office to be furnished by the Herald management.Mr. Stivers is in every way qualified for the duties he will undertake. He has had many years experience in the newspaper businessand is a ready writer and a goodnews gatherer.Id Ki lEaALLEGED WIPE BEATER IS DIS- 'MISSED.A warrant issued by Squire Ern,-"est Martin for Dudley Caswell, byhis wife, on a charge of beating her .was dismissed in Police Court, thecomplainant failing to appearagainst her erring husband.Caswell and wife reside on thefringe of Claysville. Both tiave fls- 'ured in the courts before. The warrant was served on Caswell by Pa- :trolman Mynes. The officer had tobreak in the door to get Caswell,who insisted he had no proper-clothes to appear in public, hut wm'4,"persuaded" to come along anyway. 'i te teCOMET OIL CO. BRINGS 360-BAR-RELWELL.The well brought tin on RoasCreek, in Estill county last wedc.by the Comet Oil Co., in which anumber of Paris people are interested, ip said to be by far the largest in that district. It was guageSaturday and produced fifteen barrels an hour, or at the rate of Sbarrels a day. The plp line comipany will have its extension comTHANKSGIVING CONCERTCOURT HOUSE,. NOV. 29i'C tisAQTirTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBBR 27, 117.'SIKE BOURBON NEWSabllshed 183135 Years of Continuous Publication.biished Every Tuesday and Friday,c Year. . .2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance. -,W1FT C!AMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, -standing or reputation ofcny person, firm or 'corporation whichsnav appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfoch. for first time; 50 cents per inch.ch subsequent insertion.Rno1inir T&nt-inac Ifl rotifa nor linotch issue; reading notices in blacktype. 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other"latter for publication.Announcements for political officesrast invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EHEIOSIAL MUSINGS.Let's Make Paris Live !. 3" all probability this is the next"State to become densely nonulated.Vmi Many of its spirited little p.iHpr win"become centers of trade, and of thosevhich do, it will be because of theunited efforts of the citizens in, en--couragingtrade and other interestnecessary to the growth of a town."We believe we are peculiarly wellsituated to be caught up in the tideand ride proudly forward on the"topmost wave of prosperity.We should clear the shore of the"breakwater of jealousy, discontentadn discouragement. We shoud havestrong faith in its possibilitiesand pull together with even andsteady stroke. Our splendid school"privileges, if advanced and maintin--edas they should be, will prove anincentive to draw.. Another important feature is toadvertise your city, speak good)concerning it and show forth its excellencies. Save your money and"when you spend it, spend it atTionie. Some of it will be sure tocome hack to you. When able toTfoiiild, build a home and encourage"your friends to do the same.Encourage everyone to come andlive with us. During the past fewyears many strangers have settledcwith us through the encouragementof friends here. The are good citizens; they build or buy substantial"Jhomes, and take an active interestIn the general welfare of the town.Keev your business to the front, andvery interest of the town on theobservatory, to be seen by the world.We presume that every citizen ofrour town is, or ought to be, desir-jous to see it advance, to see it im"prove, to ee it advance in all the'interests that pertain to a iown of"thrift and enterprise. Again wrepresume that if you, wno live inyour town, make no effort in thisdirection, who, if there are any benefits accruing therefrom would be"recipients thereof, we do not believeour neighbors, who have no particular interest in our welfare, would beso -very mindful of us as to give usaboost"by investing a few thousand-dollars for our especial good, orstarting any enterprise that wouldIbe for the upbuilding of our town.If a town is ever built, up and"placed in a growing condition it will"be directly or indirectly due to thosewho live in it, and if you wish toJknow the steps to be taken we will-cite a few. Talk it up, its 4nterests, its facilities and various adaptabilities to different branches of industry. Write about it, beautify itsstreets, invest your money in it, patronize its merchants and every enterprise started as far as it is at all'Consistent, elect good men to office,advertise in its newspapers, be courteous to those who come among you"-and -.never let an opportunity tospeak -a good word about it pass.Hemember that every dollar you inTest In a permanent improvement,is that much money at interest and3s tihat much toward building upywir -towm..There is no quicker way to take(Cfae life, growth and energy out ofja. ttown than for its citizens to beconstantly holding up the dark sideoT'the nicture to the graze of the in-quirer. The word "if" keeps everyone in doubt, and doubt keeps everyjnan from going forward withthe imporvements he wouljl otherwise make. There is nothing likeconfidence to niake a success of Anything and if you haven't got any ofit, don't communicate the fact toyour neighbor, much less to astranger and if the bent of youmind is to continually go againstevery interest of the town in whichyou live for the sake of the townget out of it and go to some placethat is already lifeless and 1ms nointerests at stake where you, likethe old lady's root beer, if you don'tdo anj- good you -won't do any harm.The Progressive Merchant.Your attention is called to thechange in the advertisements in thisissue and tlso to the new ones. Themerchants of our city appreciateyour trade and take this means oftelling you of any bargains theymay have to offer and also to announce the arrival of new goodswhich are placed at your disposaland inspection. By closely watchingthe columns of this paper you willlearn the names of our businessmen who invite you to deal withthem and you can rest assured thatthey will treat you right. A merchant who does not care enough foryour trade to ask you to visit hisstore and who does not inform youof the many bargains he may haveto offer is hardly worth your patronage. The progressive merchantwill always let his customers knowof the arrival of new goods at once,and the way for our merchants todo this is through the columns ofthis paper, which goes into almostevery home in the county.Thinks He Is Poor.That young man who thinks he ispoor because he has no bank account little understands the value ofGod's gift of health and strengthand little appreciates the fact thatthe prightest and best of the country are self-made, and come to thenotice of the world from just suchbeginnings. Not by idle moaningthat they are poor, but by goingcarefully to work, perfecting themselves in their chosen pursuits andbecoming so useful to those aboutthem that their services are alwaysin demand whether it be on theplatform, in the shop or in thekitchen, for all are honorable alike.S3 Ea KiNEW WAR SAVINGS STAMPS.All banks, trust companies, postoffices, and, eventually, many stores,factories and social centers, willhandle, war saving stamps.No person can buy more than$100 of the new war savings stamps,or certificates, at one time, nor havein his possession certificates to anaggregate amount exceeding $1,000.The plan in general puts every petson, no matter how moderate hismeans, in a position to help win thewar with a saving which is a directeconomy and thrift.The stamps to the value of $2,-000,000,000 will be issued Decem-4;ber 2. The stamps are in 25-centand $5 denominations. A "thriftcard" will be issued to purchasersof the smaller stamps and will havesixteen spaces to be filled with thestamps. When filled the card and12 cents in cash can be exchangedfor a $5 certificate at any time priorto February 1, 1918, or 1 cent additional for each month after thatdate.fe Ea TSSAVING ON MEAT.Meatless days are now common inmost of the warring countries ofEurope. It was first ruled in Germany that the consumption of meatmust be reduced, and the meatcards followed, which wrere issuedfor four or five days in the week,and on those days when meat waspermitted, the allowance was cutdown to a minimum.Monday and Tuesday are nowmeatless days in France. Englandwants its meat consumption cutdown, and on this side of the Atlantic the high cost of living is doing its share in that direction. Allof which leads to the reflection thatit wouldn't be so bad to try fastingfor one or two days a week or evenlonger. It can be done. Think howmuch m'oney we would save if wrecould fast for forty censeutivedays, as Dr. Tanner, of New York,did thirty-seven years ago. It wasundertaken for scientific purposesand his fast lasted from noon ofJune 28 to noon of August 7, 1880.Dr. Tanner went wiiolly withoutfood of any kind. He drank verylittle water during this period, andno other liquid whatever. When hebegan his fast he weighed 157pounds; when he ended his weightwas 121. Dr. Tanner disproved theold theory that hearty eating afterlong abstinence was fatal by diningliberally.Pfi IBs BsiCERTAIN CURE FOR CROUPMrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville,HI., has nad experience in the treatment of this disease. She says,"When my children were small myson had croup frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy always brokeup these attacks immediately, and Iwas never without it in the house.1 have taken it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)ta to taSheep can be made to care forthemselves as well as most animalson the farm except at lambing time.If you are not prepared to spend alot of time with them then, don'tkeep them.Switzerland is GenuinelyNeutral Says U. S. Envoyl-SH$i&&&3M?&$?-??"?30:ry 'Si ::;At V;Jy. .' a rS? ,-1,-v- ..... . -i - , -wS..V.' j., V-tVt .j&3J&w&Little Switzerland, tucked away incentral Europe among the high peaksof the Alps, is maintaining its neutrality steadfastly and resolutely, perhaps sometimes against odds. But itis not departing from it for a littleminute. This is the message thatPleasant A. Stovall, United StatesMinister to that country! brings here.He is in Washington on his first visitto this country in four years. In conference with government officials hemade it plain that Switzerland deserves every courtesy and right that aneutral country could expect. He ismaking an effort to facilitate the export of food supplies there from thiscountry. It is the claim of the American envoi' that Switzerland is one ofthe few genuinely neutral nations oiEurope.LAZYTOWN LOCAL NEWS.(George Bingham in Judge)Cricket Hicks spent Thursday onMusket Ridge hunting rabbits. Being a firm believer 'in preparedness,he took along his shotgun. vFletcher Hestep, who quit drinking during the protracted meeting,is still wearing cotton in both ears.Raz Barlow visited the store atBounding Billows one day thse forepart of the week, but found loafingand other business so dull he returned home for rest. During hisstay there only the mail carrier andthe creek nassed. mThe jail at Tickville is being renovated and repaired after a verysuccessful summer season, and whenthe work is done the jailer announces that he will be better preparedthan ever to take care of the public. The Rye Straw storekeeper hasput up a large red sign of "Welcome," which, he says, is not foreverybody, as it is only a businessproposition to draw trade.The congregation of the Dog Hillchurch will surprise the pastor nextSunday morning during the sermonby presenting him with a load ofwood. The preacher is always surprised when the congregation giveshim anything.isa to toTHEODOSIA GOODMAN ADOPTS"THEDA BARA" AS LEGALNAME.Theodosia Goodjnan, who petitioned the court as "an actress who hasbecome celebrated through her ownefforts," was given the legal rightin New York last week to use thename Theda Bara both on and offthe stage. The change of name wasgeneral in the family of the famousmotion-picture "vampire." Her father, mother, two sisters and abrother also became Baras insteadof. Goodmans. The petition statedthat Miss Bara was "over 21 yearsof age and that she was born inCincinnati. Her father is a nativeof Chorse, Poland, while her motherwas born in La Chaux de Fouds,"Switzerland,tss a S"Just think what La Folletivmight escape by feigning dumbness!" says the New York Telegraph. And just think what thecountry might escape!fctfojiicacrfgrMadkes-31tfoy:-ia"f5o;Jrff 'tJ&g0ZS2B3&!L S .nn ....' ' ;.sVv.auaiuVvpTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W.C.DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coalfew st(i0'4&i&SmAN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.. As we grow older and less active,less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90, youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,you will occasionally eat more thanyou should and will feel the need ofChamberlain's Tablets to correct thadisorder. These tablets do not contain pepsin, but strengthen the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)FOR RENT.Cottage on Wlnciiester street,with all modern improvements; gasand electricty; good garden. ApplytoMRS. MARIA LYONS,(novl3-tf) Main street.Virgin Land For Sale!150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay. for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being- protected from frost toa great extent by these bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Twin Bros.' Department StoreEMEMBER THEi Iy " l'Mftti' r' iC9MMffiHSEE3KEaALMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.Twin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier'3 passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desir?to dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two:stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;larA erarflpn and Tinultrv vardr RirtflAVV-V 0VV , w- Wy ..wand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for th?purchaser. It is in vLrst-class shape.An inspection of the house and prem-ises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12b Mam Street.Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to four hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikes, Interurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlydrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumb. Phonee 35-J and 37-W.(novl6-tf)G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.Seventh and Main Streets, ParisExtra ! Extra ! Extra !LadesWE GIVE THEBLUE STAMPSE CONWhen the time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices JonMen's and Boys Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE!Clothing and Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsFOR SALE "Seven-passenger 1917-D 55 Buicin fine condition. Cord tires. Carbeen run 9,200 miles. Inquire atthis office. (23-tf)Found.On the streets of Paris, an officialenvelope containing some legal papears, bearing the name of Margaret Shepherd, bank checks onMillersburg Exchange Bank, -nnstaii cards, etc.! by CallmOwner can have sameat THE NEWS office.i Pro7.inS Property and paying for ad-vertisinjTrustee's Sale in BankruptcyTHELAKEVIEW SANITORIUM ANDHOTEL C0.JS' Entire Plant and Outfit at AuctionWEDNESDAY. DEC. 5. 2 P. M.,On the Premises. Dry Ridsre. Ky.Real Estate, Buildings, Hotel Furniture, Fixtures, and Trade Mark oftheKENTUCKY CARLSBADWATER. &c.By order of the U. S. District Court.MARTIN M. DURRETT, Referee,Covington, Ky.W. T. LOOMIS, Trustee, fIndependence, Ky.TOMLIN&VEST, Attys for TrusteeWalton, Ky.WM. J. DEUPREE, Covington, Ky.,andBURCH, PETERS & CONNELLY,Cincinnati, Ohio,Attorney for Creditors.Autction Catalog on Request.THE EEFRON MERCANTILE CO..Auctioneers. No." 334 Main Street,Cincinnati. N0hio.(13nov-5t)SvKy.SUITS Greatly reduced.COATS From $7.50 to $35.00.MILLINERY At great smashup prices.WAISTS Masy beautiful designs.DRESSES Serge,all sizes.and Silk;SKIRTS-We fitand the smallest.the largestPLACE!D"j0MYHr -.; -7'J - s,i - riiXsf? vyTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.THK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Kl,..&.,,PAQIoVv,Ai, assu ruKouJNAJL. itiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiMiniiiiiiiiiinn iComings and Goings of Oar.i ltd I 1 '"-.y .-. 1 . T--fr J T- W J fi J Y7 V-iM. ' . " ". . - . "V T."V " "JiKtV JaZaJSZ "NSTlolfilOile&Co.reome Here. Thm-A and iElsewhere.-y wa mm.M'VESA'W&lSrTHE. only difference between a one Karat and a twoKarat diamond is size. Both stones may be flawlessgems identical in color, brilliancy and the otherattributes which constitute diamond quality.This is the way that we want you to think of the fiveand seven passenger Paige models. 'The only difference is size. A choice between these twocars is purely a matter of your personal requirements. Theyare both flawless supreme expressions of "The MostBeautiful Car in America.''cSS.'t '5 7:?iSST $1775: CouPe "Six-55" 4-Passenger$2850: TownOir-Six-55 7-passenger $3230; Limousine "Six-55"7-passenger $3230 Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850; BrooklandsrPger $1795; Linwood "Si-39" 5-passenger $1330, Glenaale bix-39 Chummy Roadster $1330; Dartmocr "Six-39' 2er 3-passenger $1330; Sedan "5ix-39" 5-passenger $1925.All Prices f . o, b. Detroit,inPAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICH.F. P. WHITESVitti Dickerson & Douglas Garaee, 4th and High Sta., FarisSERVICE STATION9LONG LOST GBIP BECOVERED ji WINCHESTER BL&CK i THREAD , WINCHESTER PAPERS C0NS0LLnnnu &imx xulz. DATE.A few days ago Mr. John W. Boul-jden, of Maysville, received a "gripFire which broke out in the sta-1 A deal has been closed for thowitn contents intact. Inst f fim . .t r r .. - " j - -Confederate reunion at Birmimr- f e "5? iawnns Ka- consolidation of the Winchesterham, Ala., in May, $1B?TL ghfa?' lOzTSST'JSSStl CUrter the Unty Resent by a lady who' wrote that it daSaJ estimated by the owners as Publican' in Winchester, weekly Ref! publications. T. S. Orr,ScouV! ?L MTJL7 B07!a time threatened a greater por-, has been editor of the Courier,f 11 S St0U rveun'ltion of the North Main street busl-'ilL be editor of the new publica25; ? i JL ne7er b a ness section witn destruction. Su- tion, which will be known as theQaTlih?diSfl?;,pertoreflortBOf the flremen o courier. Captain Lucien Beckner,""and wS g'ven a wog" du! ! Bflf e " and JPt it editor of the Republican, is an explicate. S ! S ISH?J0,1?dmS, WhG " pert geologist, and since the oilNow there may be a chance for ! gf afford time tt loSed as" boom in Kentucky, his services inneSf ihG Cynan5 ?em-i though several adjacent buildings this capacity have been so in decrat, to find his gold-headed um-LrM c,r m i -. mand. that he deemed it. wisp tn pt1o.11. 1, j: .i x, . uui "c uroiiucu. jl xic lusa lO ' -r, Snn Zlm me uyrni- only partly covered by insurance,ana National Bank many, oh. so iPiYI Cr-art-l Sw. a.ua T-ii-ki-iiiri-in-. t Tn TTTnvr i w --mJUItlVUCiit riutio WUMAJM SUOgrounds in 1845 may yet turn up.Quien sabe?E3 1E3 lDENIES THE STORY.TnaTIV VParc nam TF.-rrnndock's watch lost in the Paris fair ! O-,TAINS INJURIES.out of the newspaper game.5 te te1HINGS LIKE THESE DON'T DISCOURAGE NEWSPAPER MEN!Information was received here to, Christmas gifts of gold coins willthe effect that Mrs. Nannie J.- be discouraged by the Federal reSmith, formerly of Paris, but now serve banks. Bankers explain thata resident of Baltimore, Md., wa3 persons habitually refuse to spendstruck by a "jitney-auto bus" while ! the gold received as gifts for week3Mr. Clarence Lebus affects to find J endeavoring m cross in front of it or months, and that just now Uncleconsiderable amusement in the story I on a Baltimore street. Sam needs the gold.Mrs. smitn was Knocked down, j pennies are so scarce at Bloomsustaining a broken leg and severe ington, Ind., that a picture show isbruises. She is now in a Baltimore paying $105 per hundred for them,hospital. The driver of the bus was Show managers should get in corarrested, but was released because' respondence with- newspaper men,Mrs. Smith refused to prosecute who find pennies much more plentiful than dollars.m to tethat has been going the rounds ofthe press in regard to a recenttransaction which is said to havehappened in the meat line on hisfarm near Ruddles Mills. The Cynthiana Democrat says:"A press dispatch which was him.printed in the daily papers ct Tuesday, telling pt the depredations ofthieves who stole and slaughteredfifteen fine hogs on Mr. ClarenceLebus' farm, and left the heads andhides, caused considerable amusement at Mr. Lebus' office in thiscity. Mr. Lebus says that if he haslost any hogs he doesn't know it."One of the horrors of a Germaajvictory would be enforced respect jfor the German jest in the occupied ior intimidated territory. Jfe te toNEW TELEPHONE RECEIVERAn improved telephone receiverhas been put on the market by theGermany acts as though in that use of which it is said that evenlittle group of 12 Sammies she had ' persons partially deaf can hear overcaptured the entire American army.Uricle Sam "If Those Fellows Don't Quit TheirQuarreling, by Gum, TU Run the Railroads Myself, ,&fr3rJfcZ. W 'W " .... Jthe telephone. The receiver has atrumpet-shaped design, with a fluted ear-pieqe, and in so made as toshut out all external noides. It isalso claimed for it that it does awaywith the ear-splitting cracks whichresult when central is working toget a party who "Doesn't answer.'is fe toFARMERS BUSY, s'Farmers throughout, this sectionof the country are dividing theirtime just now between getting .theirtobacco stripped and having theircorn crop shucked out. The weather has been exceptionally fine forthis kind of work. With the cornsafely housed the farmers can thengive their undivided attention togetting their tobacco ready for theParis market.YOUNGEST SCREEN ACTOR INNEW TRIANGLE PLAY.The youngest screen actor in theworld will be seen in the comingTriangle production, "Until TheyGet Me," a gripping story of thoRoval Northwest Mounted Police.A four-day-old baby was used in theoDenins: of the story. Rather itwas four days old when it. began thepicture and five days old when it'scareer as an actor was temporarilyhalted. The mother of the infantwas still in the hospital and thebaby was brought ,to the Triangle'sCulver City "studio by a trainednurse. Not very many childrencan boast of having earned tendollars at . the tender age of fivedays.to to" to "The city of Washington - havinggone dry, the last possible excusefor the conduct of the White Housepickets seems-' to have beenwremoved.Mr. Samuel Harding is in Bos-ton, Mass., on a business trip. f,--Mrs. Robin Horton and MissBelle Horton were recent, vfsitnrcCincinnati.Mrs. Lida Barton has return-ed to her home at Myers, after a fivisit to friends in Paris.Mrs. Wm. Howard has return-ed to her home in Richmond afterMrs. Clarence Martin has returned to her home in Louisville,after a visit to Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr. !Mr. and Mrs. Lafon Riker have ' treturned to their home in Harrod?ourg, after a visit to friendsParis.Mrs. Thos. Higgins has returned from a visit to Mrs. J. M. Wood.at Myers, accompanied by her niece,Mrs. Etta Allison McNeill, ofMyers,Mr. John I. Farris, of Columbus, Ohio, is a guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Farris, in thiscity.Mr, and Mrs. Roy Domigan andMr. A. Detwiller visited Sergt. AllenClay Detwiller, at Camp ZacharyTaylor, Sunday.Dr. H. C. Waters, of Washington, D. C, was a recent guest ofMr. and Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock,at their home on Pleasant street.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr andMrs. Evelyn Buck were guests offriends at Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville, last week.rMrs. Reinhart Crist, of Hamilton, Ohio, and Mrs. Harry Kendalland children, of Frankfort, areguests of Mrs. Anna Browning.Mr. T. J. Cumber, son anddaughter have returned to theihome in Lancaster, Texas, after avisit to relatives in Bourbon county.Miss Sallie Paul Bell, of nearCynthiana, has arrived to spend theThanksgiving holidays! with MissJessie Rose, at her home on Highstreet.Mr. and Mrs. John B. Mackey,of Covington, have arrived to spendthe Thanksgiving holidays with Mr.and Mrs. Samuel Mackey, on SouthMain street.Mrs. Anna Howe and Miss AnnaM. Howe, have returned to theirhome in Carlisle, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Julian R. Howe, onMt. Airy avenue.Dr. and Mrs. W. R. Franklinhave as guests at their home onHenderson street Mrs. Julian McClintock and children, Hugh andAllen, of Richmond.Mr. L. D. Overmire has returned to his home in Yorki.own, Ind.,after a visit to his daughter, Mrs.H. M. Hamilton, and" Dr. Hamilton;on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr.' J. N. Hefley, of North Mid--dletown,has gone to Lee's Summitt,Mo., where he will take a positionwith R. A. Long & Co. Mr. Hefley'sfamily will join him later on.Tomorrow evening, November28, will be a gala jevent in Parissociety, when the devotees of thedance will gather at the MasonicTemple for an evening of pleasure.The annual Thanksgiving Dancepromoted by Mr. Ireland Davis, willbe held on that date, the hours being from nine to three. Music willbe furnished by Garrett's Saxophone Orchestra. From the largenumber of acceptances of invitations sent out it is indicated that alarge crowd will be in attendance.The returning school girls and boyswill also contribute toward tne gayety of the evening.(Other Personals on Page 5.)Lexington, KentuckyOnly Four More Weeks Til! iChristmasOur Store Will Be Open in Full HolidayAttire From Now On; Filled to Over-flowing With Sane, Useful Gifts Within ithe Reach and Ability of Every Person : f9UpI..itIn the Necessities Which -Are WelcomeGifts at All Times, We Are Equippedwith Varietis ofHoushold Linens, Bed Coverings, TurkishTowels, Madeira Pieces, Table Linen SetsGloves and Hosiery in profusest assortmentto match the shades of shoes and dresses.Ladies' Muslin, Silk and Crepe de Chine Underwear, put up in special holiday boxes.Italian Silk Chemises, Bloomers and UnionSuits, in holiday boxes.Ladies' Neckwear in every conceivable shape"in Organdy, Georgette, Satin, Silk andFeathers.Ivory and Imitation of Ivory in Manicure"andToilet Pieces, newest shapes and splendidqualities.Shopping Bags, in velvet, silk and. leather;also the new hand beaded styles.Art Needle Work Gifts, such as Knitting-Bags,Japanese Centerpieces and Doilies, and.Stamped Underwear.PaFOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatyou have eaten too much and whenconstipated, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.(nov-addv)You Don't Have toStoopIf YdU Use aGarlandCabinetRange1 1 HBHflHJiHtr"'94i! WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.1 1 H-'M-5 'M'M'M''M''M' Hl M i 1 1 IIIW&HTEP !iEvery Automobile Owner IIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Ourv JTBA beautiful Una of Garlands on 41frlay., Comt In and look thorn ovor.Paris Gas & Electric Co.,. , (IttOorforaU)omrnmBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see for Iyourself.We Do Re- Treading and IVulcanizing of All KindsG. S. BALL OARAGEVil Sff ta iaB VvaaB araNarf St.' Q . - ,r.l ?. ,1 1 WiMGETITOTOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVBMBBR 27, 1S1T.l:NEWS OF WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Miss Sweeney Brings Word PromHoover.Miss Mary E. Sweeney, Dean ofEconomics at Kentucky University,will speak to the women of Bourl)on county, at the Y. M. C. A., onFriday, Nov. 30th, at 2:30 p. m.She brings "a message from Mr.Hoover" -and many interesting factsconcerning conditions on the European contenent. She gives a national basis for the planning ofmeals and definite information as tothe daily conserving of meat, wheatand sugar. This is for every housekeeper and her neighbor. No admission, no collection. The men are"welcome and they may be interested in hearing "how to feed the husband." iEpigrams dropped from the lipsof Mary E. Sweeney, the woman"whom Kentucky loaned to theHoover Administration in answerto "his call:"Without the Food 'Administration flour would undoubtedly nowcost you '$20 a barrel."If the bread line wavers the battle line will break"The food factor in the war ischarged with dynamite. It was foodthat caused the revolution inRussia."The Food Administration, legalsince August 17, informal sinceJune, has accomplished whot tookCermany one year, and England twoyears."Germany and England have metthe food situation with police control America seeks to obtain thesame end by co-opeiation."Hear Miss Sweeney!, ence to be held in Lexington, Monday, Dec. 3, from 2 until 5 p. m. toconsider plans for conducting theKentucky end of the campaign toadd ten million new members of theRed Cross in the United States. Theconference will be held at the Phoenix Hotel.Director Greene says he expectsto have at least two hundred delegates present at this meeting fromthe Kentucky chapters as it is sovital to the interest of each chapter.j Kentucky, which was formerly di-, vided into two districts, is now consolidated and a part of the Lake Division. State Director Greene hashis headquarters in Lexington.j The Woman's Bible Class of theChristian church will postpone sewing at the Red Cross rooms untilthe fourth Wednesday in December., This change in plans is due to lackof material on 'hand, caused by abelated shipment.will present "Alexandrian Periodof Greek Sculpture." Leader, Mis3Collins.The third box of knitted garmentsIs on its way:37 sweaters,28 pairs Jof socks,3 0 scarfs,j 17 pairs-of '.wristlets,I And yet we are told to knit!i knit! !' If you can't knit, trade workwith ome friend who can.State Ed Cross Conference in Lexington, Monday, Dec. 3.State Director Frank C. Greene,-of the Red Cross, received a telegram, from headquarters instructinglim to arrange f or a State confer-I The Surgical Dressings Circle hasgreatly increased its output, due toa ready response to the call for helpthrough these columns. Two largeboxes, of supplies will be shippedMonday. The 'latest instructions othe chairman, Mrs. Clay Howard,from American Red Cross headquar-l ters require each worker to wear a' white apron with sleeves and a' white head covering.As is its custom, the Paris Literary Club will hold no meeting onWednesday previous to Thanksgiving.The Progressive Culture Club1980 Condition Of 1917FARMERS BANKMILLERSBURG, KY.(Called by Hon. G. G. Speer, Banking Commissioner of Kentucky,at. the close of business November 17, 1917RESOURCESLoans $267,473.31Overchecks 5,063.49Banking,House 7,000.00Bonds 6,600.00Cash and due fromBanks 52,165.48IT"..w "$338,302.28LIABILITIESDeposits $285,929.49Capital Stock 30,000.00Surplus Fund and (Undivided Profits .18,117.63Due Banks 4,255.16$338,302.28SANFORD ALLEN, Cashier.WE PAY 3 ,PER CENT ON TIME DEPOSITSThe Juvenile Red. Cross Circlewill hold a bazaar on December 15in some vacant store room.te fe ISMATRIMONIAL.KEMP PARRISH.The marriage of Mr. V. J.Parrish, of Clintonville, to MissAnna Kemp, of Lexington, will besolemnized to-morrow afternoon, atfour o'clock, at the home ' of' thebride's mother, Mrs. Jessie Kemp,on South Upper street. Rev. MarkCollis will be the officiating minis-ter, and only the most intimateintimate friends will be present.Miss Sadie Parrish,, of Clintonville, sister of the groom, who isteaching at Winchester, will bemaid of honor, and Mr. OvertonKemp, brother of the groom, will bebest man. After the ceremony thebridal pair will leave for a shorttrip, and will make their home temporarily with Mrs. Kemp, before going to housekeeping.the ceremony, after which the bridal couple will leave for a trip ofj several weeks. On their return1 they will make their home with thebridegroom's parents, Mr. and Mrs.James H. Thompson, on the Lexington "pike, near Paris.A number of pre-nuptial affairsare being planned in honor of theyoung couple. Miss Rosetta MarchJ will entretain in their honor with a' dinner-dance at her home on SouthBroadway, in Lexington, Saturdayevening.. Ja isaDEATHS.IIIIHIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIHI1IIIIHMIIFRANK & CO.The Reliable StoreCHENAULT THOMPSON.Beautifully - engraved invitations to the coming wedding of MissSarah Chenault, of Lexington, toMr. James W. Thompson, of nearParis, have been issued. The wedding is announced to take place atthe home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. Overton Chenault, onAshland avenue, in Lexington, onSaturday, December 8, at 6 o'clock.The invitations are worded as follows: "Mr. and Mrs. Overton Chenaultrequest the pleasure of your company at the marriage of theirdaughter, Sarah, to Mr. James "William Thompson, on Saturday, theeighth of December, one thousandnine hundred and seventeen, at sixo'clock in evening, Ashland Avenue, South Lexington, Kentucky."Mr. Thompson is a son of Mr. andMrs. James "H. Thompson, of nearParis, and one of the county's mostpromising young men. His promised bride is one of Lexington's mostcharming and cultured young women, and a social favorite in Central Kentucky.The wedding is to be one of themost beautiful society events of thewinter, but it is to be a quiet homefair, with only members of the twofamilies and most intimate friendspresent. Dr. J. W. Porter, of Lexington, will officiate, and the attendants will be the maid of honor,the bride's sister, Miss TalithaChenault; the best man, Mr. Augustus Gay; the bridesmaids, Misses"Emma W. Upperman, of San Antonio, Texas, and Mary James Johnson, of Memphis, Tenn. The groomsmen will be Messrs. Jo. Davis, ofParis, and Mr. Gayle Alexander, ofLexington. A reception will followJONES.Mr. John B. Jones, aged sixtythree years, died Saturday morningat three o'clock at the home of hiscousin, Mrs. Thomas L. Best, inMaysville, after a short illness ofpneumonia. Mr. Jones has madehis home in the Washington neighborhood for several years, but wasbrought to the home of Mrs. Besta few days before his death. He issurvived by one brother, Mr. Geo.Jones, of Paris. The funeral washeld yesterday at the home of Mrs.Best, the burial following in thaMaysville Cemetery.te te feSPECIAL SALE.All heating stoveson our floors will besold at a big savingfor cash for the nextten days.A. r. Wheeler & Co.PS Q KaBIRTHS.I Suits, Coats and Dresses!7Near North Middletown, to thelwife of Mr. T. D. Bentley, a son.In Lexington, to the wife ofMr. John Thomas Perry, a son.Mrs. Perry was formerly Miss HazelStephenson, of Clintonville.m 1 1HOW TO OWN YOUR HOME.Call at our office and ask ourSecretary to figure with you what it1 will cost for a loan on the houseJ you have in mind.! Do not delay; new series beginsSaturday.I BOURBON BUILDING & LOAN ASSOCIATION, WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.(27-2t)Turkeys For Sale.;. Pure Mannoth Bronze, Mrs. Walter Kenney strain. Will sell atreasonable price.EDW. PRICHARD,Both Phones,(27-2t) Paris, Ky.Readjustment Sale-sf-We have gone carefully over our stockand readjusted the prices on our entireline of the above, allowing a mostLIBERAL PRICE REDUCTIONon all garments to compensate youfor the lateness of your purchase.REMEMBERj,This means our entire stock of Coats,Suits and Dresses, and not a few cheapshowy Coats bought for specials.ALL CHILDREN' COATSHAVE BEEN RE-MARKEDMany of to 2 to years old Coats markedone-third to one-half off original price.EXTRA SPECIAL200 o4merican Lady CorsetsTo close out at ONE-HALF theoriginal price.$1.00 Corsets, 50c75 CREPE WAISTS, SPECIAL AT $1.95None on Approval,The QUALITY as Usual,FRANK -C& CO.41 1 1 1 1 1 II I 1 1 i,.r t r t r .. M f f I til t II II II HI I IH gTf" YYltirrt Tk m MMlitf A m.T I m ...v ii. MO , iouci io new xorK rne sun-dried cuttlefish or ierilto flop back into the Tammany fish of the Greek coast with suckfold. Keenine lin . nrotonoa nf -rr- 'am ;ntnl 1vnlr "li-U . Xll m.--- xr i-.vkvuov ui. it xl- .wo uiion iwjil i.i.n.t: a xuuLuaii. s:iimfold.tue is extremely wearing onmetropolis.the shredded part is more tempting tWithe tentacles.WlHll Ml m "" 'MMackinaws For Men and BoysYou will find genuine satisfaction and warmth in our mackinaws. New models inthe belt-around effects in new patterns are to be found (fr r a j. &1 there in excellent values $Ut)U lO 2)1 .5UWALSH'S SUITSAND OVERCOATSBest in Town, $12.50 to $35.00fZ7E SAY THEY'RE BEST we have never seen them better at these prices.LZ-Ll They will stand the test day in and day out, and if they don't meet youryournotions of "best" wear you will find us ready to make them good. Thestyles are vigorous and up-to-the minute, and will be welcomed by the youngmei. The tailoring is done by hand and they can't be outclassed when it comesto fit The lively military models for young men and men who want to stayyoung, and the more conservative models are found here in new weaves of clothond patterns Every suit a corker at the price$12.50 to $35.00Knox and C. & K. Hats For MenHats from the above maker are styled to please the well-dresser. Every newcolor and combination in unequaled aa JLvaIue - $ j.UU to $7.50Also the Best $2.00 Mat in Town.Manhattan and Eclipse ShirtsKNOWN AS THE BEST-THE BEST KNOWNYT,tettOSa5DUr8ie8Welle8t line of 8hirt in Pari- Madras, Percales, Silk Fibre and Pure Silks are woven in beautiful stripedand fancy effects . ... $1.00 to $6.00WHETHER FOR ROUGHING ITOR DRESS UP WEAR, PLAY SAFE BY BUYINGWALSH'S JUNIOR CLOTHES FOR BOYSThey will stand the real test of every-day wear and the sturdy Americanboy will find it a pleasure to wear our clothes.New Styles New Weaves New Patterns$5.00 to $12.50Sweaters For Men and Boys.. w ... j .,,,, . uutt emjjiiiciii ui sweaters. iNaw hafhov m.and two-tone effects in excellent " ' beatner maroon..... $1.00 to $7.50valuesFurnishingsNeckwear50cto$1,50Hosiery1 0c to 75cHandkerchiefs1 0c to SOrUnion Suits for Men and Boys75c to $3,00Do Your Christmas Shopping EarlyR. P. WALSHMain and Seventh - ONE PRICE STORE. Paris, Kentickyfinv V (Ci J(2i "-V lJ?A.,st-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1917,1 THE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY.7i6imt5 '.f . -jgasreydfesFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING SPECIALBig Than ksgivingsale of dining roomfurniture this week.Big saving for cashA. F. Wheeler & Co.pa 3 &aJUST THE THING.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mince meat, plum pudding andfruit cake for Thanksgiving.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.fe Pa teKODAKS FOR SALE.One No. 3A Folding Brownie,Eastman, pictures 34x5, with It.r. lens; one Vest .Pocket Kodak,Eastman. Complete developing outfits for both. Apply, Ben Leach, St.Charles Hotel. (tf)fs la isaATTENTION, PYTHIAN SISTERS.On Friday night, Nov. 30, thereTV-ill be a box supper given at the-K.of P. Castle Hall, for the benefit ofthe Pythian Sisters. Everybody invited.By order of the M. E. C, Mrs.Anna Mussinon, all members of thePythian Sisters are requested tomeet at their Temple, Friday afternoon, at 2 p. m.Pais feDO YOU RENT?Why pay rent when our plan ofsmall regular payments makes iteasy for a renter to become a homeowner? Our new series opens Saturday. BOURBON BUILDING & LOAN ASSOCIATION, WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect'y.(27-2t)t ?s J 13CHRISTMAS GIFTS OF CLOTJflNaThe sensible sort this vear asuit or an overcoat. We advise aselection at once. We'll keep themfor delivery any time you say.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PAHTRY SHOWER FOR MASSIEMEMORIAL HOSPITAL.Don't forget the annual Thanksgiving pantry shower for the MassieMemorial Hospital. Every woman&& Paris and Bourbon county is asked to give what she can to helpfill the larder at the Hospital.At this time of high prices andscarcity of supplies, a contribution,evea though it be small, but fromany, will mean much to the Hospital. Donations may be left at theHospital, at Lavin & Connell's, Locan Howard's or Wilmoth & Co.'s.THANKSGIVING CLOTHESWhether you go to the game orstay at home for dinner, we havethe sort of clothes suitable for theevasion $18 up.J. W.. DAVIS & CO.15 fej R3LUMBER YARDS CLOSED.la order to give our employes thefcemefit of a holiday, our offices andyaris will be closed on Thursday,November 29, Thanksgiving Day.BOURBON LUMBER CO.T. T. TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.(27-lt)fca pan taOPTOMETRY.Bring your eye-strain troubles toMe. Examination made at any time.Artificial light used exclusively fortesting. If unable to call at office.Telephone E. Tenn. No. 7, and Irill call at your home. Calls madeto any place in county. Prices reasonable. DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,(23-St) 520 Main St.ttX IS 181THANKSGIVING DINNER AT THEWINDSOR.A special six-o'clock dinner willft served Thursday evening,(Tlianksgiving) at the WindsorHotel. This menu will compriseall the most appetizing dishes themarket affords, prepared in thehighest degree of culinary excellence by cooks who know how, under the personal supervision of Mrs.Robert Goggin.Mrs. Goggin has made a homelike place out of the Windsor sincetaking charge, and this Thanksgiving dinner will be but one of theiany pleasant surprises to be arranged for the Windsor's patronsLuring the season.te Ta TSTHE WEATHER.The following is the weatherforecast for this week, as sent outy the U. S. Weather Bureau atTPjashington:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Utain or snow Tuesday, with slowlyrising temperature; generally fairthereafter; near normal temperature. Following cloudy, grey days,xrhen the whole world seemed"wrapped in gloom, a day of sunshiny, though cold breather, followed yesterday, giving the weathernan's prediction of rain or snoyw a"fcackset. Snow flurries marked several days of tke past week, but melteft almost as'Soom as it fell.Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Kiser entertained a party of ten at a sixo'clock dinner Friday evening.Mrs. Richard Logg, of Hanley,West Virginia, is a guest of herdaughter, Mrs. Frank Trisler, onEighth street.Mr. George C. Webb and Mr.George R. Hunt, prominent Lexington attorneys, have been attendingthe sessions of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.Miss Edna Huffman, of Covington, arrived Sunday to be a guest ofMr. and Mrs. John R. Owens andMr. and Mrs. Jack Owsley, at theirhome on Harmon street.Miss Irene Bramglette arrivedyesterday from the Kentucky College for Women at Danville, tospend the holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Bramblette. Mr. and Mrs. Herman Wardand family have moved from Lexington to Paris to reside. Mr.Ward is an L. & N. employe, and ason of Mr. O. S. Ward, who resideson the Buckner farm.Misses Sallie Lockhart andMary Clay left yesterday morningfor Atlanta, Ga., to visit relatives.From there they will go to Eustis,Florida, to spend the winter withCol. and Mrs. E. F. Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Carter N. Martin,Mrs. Frank Bedford, of Paris, andMrs. Oliver Mann and little daughter, Mary Carter Mann, of Cincinnati, were guests last week ofMisses Ruth and Eva Owen, in Winchester. Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery entertained at bridge and five hundred ather home, near Paris, yesterday afternoon, for the benefit of the RedCross. The entertainment had beenannounced for Monday of last week,but had to be postponed on accountof illness, in the family,Mr. and Mrs. James L. Day entertained a number of little folks attheir home on South Brent street,in honor of the birthday anniversary of their little son, James Day,Jr., and Mr. Day's sister, Miss EthelDay. The young folk were entertained with games and music and aluncheon was served.' Mr. T. J. Martin was given asurprise Friday night, when uponbeing called to supper he found atable laden with edibles and beautifully decorated. Seated at the table were his three grandchildren,James Douglass and Misses Elmetaand Elizabeth Douglass. The occasion was the celebration of Mr.Martin's seventieth birthday.(Other Personals on Page 3)NEW L. & N. OFFICIALS.Mr. C. H. Goodman, who has beenin the Mavsville ticket office of theL. & N., has been transferred toParis, where he succeeds Mr. W. It.Clinkenbeard as ticket agent at theTenth street passenger station.Mr. Herman Barlow has been appointed baggagemaster at the Tenthstreet passenger station, to succeedhis brother, Mr. Harry Barlow, whohas been drafted into the army service, and is now at Camp ZacharyTaylor.Mr. T. E. Waterfelt, who has forseveral years been local manager ofthe Paris Distilling Co.'s plant, hasaccepted a position on the clericalforce of the L. & N. at the Thirdstreet freight station.Mr. J. H. Honey, who has been incharge of the pumping station ofthe L. & N. at this point, has beenpromoted to the position of Traveling Inspector of Pumps for this division. IBS ?S BTHE CUSTOM MADE BARCLEYCORSET.Every Barcley Corset is markedout and cut separately after eachorder is received, to the individualmeasurements .and figure requirements of each and every customer.The Barcley Corset manufacturersback up this guarantee with a checkfor $5,000. I also sell a StandardCorset. Your choice of three stylesof wire bones, also aluminum orwalohn boning.MISS ELIZABETH HILL,1530 South Main Street.Cumberland Phone 291.FRYMAN CASE IN HARRISONGETS HUNG JURY.In the Harrison Circuit Court, atCynthiana, Saturday, the case of Jerome Fryman against the Louisville& Nashville railroad company forkilling Mr. Fryman's son, onMarch 17 last, resulted in a hungjury.The suit was for $30,000 damagesfor alleged negligence on the part ofthe railroad when Mr. Fryman'sson was killed at the Oddville railroad crossing in Cynthiana. The L.& N. was represented by Mr. E. M.Dickson, of Paris, and Hanson Peterson, of Cynthiana.iBiiss im :BARN AND MILL BURNED.The large tobacco barn and millbelonging to John Shrout, on thePreston pike, in Bath county, wasdestroyed by fire Saturday, togetherwith about fifteen thousand poundsof tobacco, some corn and hay, ma-?chinery and tools and the loss willreach about $5,000 with insuranceof $750.' The fire is said to hvebeen caused when an effort waspite to heat a cold gasoline engine.RELIGIOUS.'tA Thanksgiving service of thechurches of Paris will be held atthe Methodist church Thursdaymoj-ning at 10 o'clock. The sermonwill be preached by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Baptist church.There will be a special musical program. All are cordially invited tobe present.Baptist Church Prayer meeting each Wednesday evening at 7o'clock. The pastor and people begin a series of talks about "ThePalace Rooms of the King." TheChristian life has been likened to abeautiful palace. As men growthrough their religious experiencethey are like pilgrims passing fromroom to room of a palace, each newroom being more beautiful than thelast. Next Wednesday the subjectis, "Beholding the Palace," "And ISaw the Holy City." Meet with usand enjoy these services.Rev. R. Emmet Abram, ofBrooklyn, New York, will takecharge of the congregation of St.Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris,on January 1, having accepted a callextended some time after the resignation of Rev. George H. Harris.Rev. Abram was rector of St. Peter'schurch about eight years age, and ispleasantly remembered here as aminister and man. He will be givena hearty welcome back to Paris bythe congregation and his formerfriends.The mission services being conducted at the Catholic church bytwo priests of the Dominican" Orderfrom Louisville, are attracting agreat deal of attention and largecrowds each morning and evening.The services began Sunday, and willcontinue throughput the week. Thesermons are eloquent and inspirng,and well calculated to inspire thehighest thought. The speakers aremen of signal ability and their auditors the being rewarded by hearing some forceful sermons. Thepublic is invited to attend these services..s mTO THE PUBLIC.The management of the AlamoTheatre and the Paris Grand desiresto state that they did not reducethe price of admission because Parispeople would not pay the increase,for they are doing it. .It is their desire to give as gooda show as possible for the smallestadmission price possible under theexisting state of circumstances.They thank the public for the generous patronage they have given,and hope to merit a continuance ofthe same.THE COLONIAL AMUSEMENT CO.THE FAIRFor Saturday Only1600 page Webster's Dictionary, each 98cColgate's Cashmere BouquetToilet Soap, each 1 0cLong bar pure transparentGlycerine Soap 5cSpecial kid Body Dolls, long. curly hair, some with realeyelashes and closing eyes,each 49cA CLEVER LINE OF TOYSAn enormous quantity to selectfrom, ranging in price from 5c,10c, 2c and up. Be sure to lookat our line.THE FAIRForThanksgiving!Turkeys DucksChickensSoup and Frying OystersFresh Meats of All KindsCranberriesPumpkinsHeinz Mince Meat andPlum PuddingFRESHVEGETABLESCeleryHead Lettuce Curly LettuceEndive Radishes .Young OnionsMushroomsCucumbers New TomatoesGreen PeppersSalsify and ParsleyWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 37SSimon's Greath Raising SaleNow Going On, and Continues Until December 8thOur ENTIRE STOCK to Choose FromLadies9 SuitsOne lot of Ladies Suits, regular?20.00 and ?25.00 Suits, at. . .$14.98One lot of Ladies' Suits regular$30.00 and $35.00 Suits, at... $19.75Ladies' Suits, $37.50 and $40.00,Suits, at $24.75Ladies' Suits, $45.00 and $50.00Suits, at $37.50Ladies' Suits, $60.00 and $65.00$47.50Suits, atLadies' .Silk, GeorgetteCrepe and Crepe deChine DressesLadies' $20.00 Dresses $14.98Ladies $25.00 Dresses $19.98Ladies' $30.00 Dresses $240Ladies' $85.00 and $40.00 Dresses .. $2950Ladies' Serge DressesLadies' $10.00 Dresses, at $7.98Ladies' $15.00 Dresses, at $1&75Ladies' $20.00 Dresses, at $148Ladies' $25.00 Dresses, at $19.98t 'I-Ladies' CoatsLadies' $20.00 Coats, at $14.98Ladies $25.00 Coats, at $1998Ladies' $30.00 Coats, at $24.98Ladies' $35.00 Coats, at $270Ladies' $40.00 Coats, at $32.50Ladies' $45.00 Coats, at $37.50Ladies $50.00 Coats, at $39:50Furs$5.00 Fur Scarfs, at $3.98$7.50 Fur Scarfs, at fi.93$10.00 Fur Scarfs, at $7.98$15.00 Fur Scarfs, at $9,98$20.00 Fur Scarfs, at $14.98$25.00 Fur Scarfs, at $19.98$5.00 Muffs, at $3.98$7.50 Muffs, at $&98$10.00 Muffs, at $7.98$15.00 Muffs, at $9.98$20.00 Muffs, at $14.98$7.50 Fur Sets $4.98$10.00 Fur Sets $7.98$15.00 Fur Sets $9.93$20.00 Fur Sets $148$25.00 Fur Sets $19.98$30.00 Fur Sets $24.50Millinery, to Close Out,at Half Price;Ladies' $5.00 Hats $2.50Ladies' $7.50 Hats $3.75Ladies' $10.00 Hats .$5,00Ladies' $12.50 Hats $8.25Ladies $15.00 Hats $7.50Ladies9 SkirtsLadies' $5.00 Skirts, at $3.98Ladles' $7.5 Skirts, at $4.98Ladies' $10.00 Skirts, at $7.98Ladies' $12.50 Skirts, at $9.98Ladies' $15.00 Skirts, at $11.98This Sale is Strictly for Cash Please Do Not Ask CreditHARRY SIMONMAIN STREETWAIN STREETPARIS, KY.Agent For (VI u rising Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.street Ane PricA To AllLEXINGTON, KY. we rTlwg IP MHJoin Our McDougallunion a$1We Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$17f3n;i I tPsam ff.B.. 1 ;--7PyVaT l JUi 1 1 II 'w 1 , -7- 7: --Jr----irVVff'r' 0 iAnd you get tkebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day! 'THEJ.T.HINTONBO.MOTOR HEARSEMOIOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGi".T- sfk --1 1'"""! TT yw-ifif xr'V v.w1 ir-R '4 -" J'V-: :fjt.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVIMBKR 27, 1$17,PAGE SIXEXEMPTION BOABDS TO GETNEW DRAFT BULES.REOPENING OF APPEALS INTER'ING WITH SERVICE. !Copies of the new army draft regulations came off the press last weekfor a final reading preparatory tomailing to the local exemptionboards throughout the country.They will be in the hands of allboards this week to govern all future drafts.Under the new plan the burden ofsupplying information which willTAsulf: in his beine Placed m his"The unrestricted reopening ofcases of men not yet inducted intomilitary service is delaying the raising of the army and the reopeningof cases of men already so inductedis interfering with' its training,"said Provost Mershal GeneralCrowder in a message to Adjt. Gen.Ellis, clamping down again on thewholesale efforts to get draftedmen out of the army. "Ample timeproper classification under the selec-ihas now elapsed for the adjustmentj.x i i ,. nn,iniv nnnn ' nf tTiA- rnnriitlrms which DromutedLive SCIVIUC 10.W lcaui Bqunicij u,tvm. - w '-the individual registrant. All in- the reopening of cases, where it wasU. . , . , ,.., jj x-u.claimed Doaras naa exceeueu tueiidiscretion or the conditions of theselective conscription had been vio-and . lated:He says "the great number of appeals to the President suggests thatthere must be still a great numberof appeals pending before districtboards," and he suggests that law-structions now in the hands of theboards will be -annulled upon the receipt of the new regulations, whichare sreatlv reduced in . extentsimplified in process.Included in the new book is everything bearing on the draft processes as now organized, from theTno fhp mipstinnnaire to be sentnoTi rPfHstrant and filled out and , yers be asked to volunteer their serrPturned to the boards until accept- vices to go over jthe claims and briefed men are actually in the militaryservice. Each book carries a copyof the master list of the drawing.The questionnaire is the basis ofthem in a summary, which, practiced in Washington, has resulted incleaning up the docket rapidly.Persons already inducted intoWORK IN LARGEHOME EASY FORTHIS WOMANWCARING FOR TEN CHILDREN ISNOT SO HARD SINCE SHETOOK TANIACthe plan of grouping registrants in military service.claiming that thefive classes, liable for duty by j draft board had exceeded its jurisclasses. The boards will be able ' to j diction or substantially violated theclassify a man immediately when his law in his case, may lay his case bequestionnaire has been received. j fore the commanding officer of hisThe ouestionnaire process will ', camp within seven days after arri-piimiTiatfi from consideration formilitary service probably 95 per centof the men who would have beendischarged or exempted under theold plan. Under the first call theaverage board was compelled to ex-val.Ten days are allowed for reopening cases, where a man has not yetbeen inducted into service, and inthe future a man will have sevendays after notice from the local oramine five to obtain one for service, district board to appeal with perIn some cases not more than one out j mission of the Adjutant General ofrtf f on or twelve was sent to the , the State.camps.It is expected that under the new mm PREDICTS WARscheme the average figures will be " T.ASTS "FIVE YEARSreversed, and at most not more than wioio xiyn xii-tuva.one man in five called will fail to Maj Gem a g commandJpass ill piiiuai ammauuu au ( Camp Sherman ChiliCOthe,be rejected. I QhiQf told Cieveianders that theyThe American Bar Association ..sllould utter thanks to Godand the American Medical AssociaAmerican Packers Now inGreat Government Trusttion are at work now organizing thelawyers and doctors to aid registrants in their vicinity in filling outtheir questionnaires. With the aidthrough the length and breadth ofthe land if this war is terminatedin five years."He was addressing a meeting totheir questionnaires, witn tne am boost the Y M c A War Campof these associations it is hoped a pumjnigh percentage or tne question- ..j say tWs ne said ater anaires will come back m such form,' .flll cfll,v nf fTlo cf,1,nnthat the boards will have little more ."I've got a big house and a lot ofwork to do, but I can do it withoutany trouble since Tanlac improvedmy health," said Mrs. Anna Kampsen,.1803 Monroe street, Covington,Ky.Mrs. Kampsen is the mother often children and she said the workof caring for them "used to be prettyhard."Before I took Tanlac I wasn'table to sleep more than one or twohours a night and I got very littlerest," she said. "I'd get up in themornings feeling bad and wouldhave spells of weakness and dizziness through the day."My stomach was in bad condition, too. No kind of food lookedgood to me, and I always was inmisery after eating. I'd have a sick,dull feeling in my stomach. J"Well, since taking Tanlac, i!sleep seven or eight hours everynight without waking and get upin mornings feeling ready for mywork. The spells of weakness anddizziness are gone and I can walkSiht or ten blocks now without tiring."My appetite has come back, too,and I'm eating and enjoying myfood as I haven't done for a prettylong time."I don't mind recommending athing if I think it is good and I certainly believe Tanlac is a greatmedicine."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day at G. S. Varden &Son's.(nov23-27)At no time in the commercial historyof the United States has there beensuch a "trust" as that which is nowbeing fostered by the governmentunder the direct supervision of JosephP. Cotton, a lawyer. The "Trust" isreadily admitted to be the greatestever known, and it includes all of thepackers of the country. The plantswhere foodstuffs arc put up are allincluded, and, indeed, all are licensed.Mr. Cotton, who fob just assumeddirection of the "mcflopoly," say's thatthe packers f. foods have all assuredhim ,of full co-operation & a basisthat admits of no excess profit whichthe public must py. vThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.' West 5 Street! Satisfaction is OnrWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris'? Kentucky.than a ruhher stamp proceeding leftto select the men to fill any call.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching files.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,For aale by all druggists, mall 50c and tl.00. We suspect our soldiers in theI ti enches would rather he in haseWMlLa3SMfG.C0.,Prop.,Ctevetoitd,0 (hospitals than in German prisonOBERDORFER, The Druggist. camps.Europe."The self-sacrifice of the Y. M. C.A. secretaries will he just likeours," the General added. "Theysuffer just as we soldiers do, butwithout the, satisfaction of thepower of defense. They do not carry a gun for their own defense."Pa loa Ida Pa IdMRS. P. 0. STUCHELL TELIS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OFA CPU)."When my son Ellis was sick witha ccld last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. P. O. Stucheu,Homer City, Pa. This remedy hasbeen in use for many years. Its goodqualities have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv)THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY5rmB&.i fTheSaleAnnouncingBig OpeningTuesday, December 4,1917Sale Starts at 9 A. MWill Be Open Saturday, Dec. l,to Receive Tobacco for the OpeningAll Commissions On Our Opening SaleWill Be Donated to the FollowingGood Causes:ONE-HALF to "Our Boys in France Tobacco Fund'ONE-FOURTH to "The Health and Welfare League."ONE-FOURTH to "The American Red Cross," the localChapter to get the credit for same.In Addition to the Above we will sell free of COM-MISSION all tobacco donated to "Our Boys in France TobaccoFund" by the growers either one, two or three sticks, or as manysticks as they care to donate to the good cause:This is going to be a big year for the growers of tobacco, and it will beaim to see that all tobacco sold over our breaks brings top price. Selltobacco with the house that made competition and big prices.ouryourThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatment. Hall's 'Catarrh Medicine istaken internally' and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces, ojthe System thereoy destroying thefoundation of tne disease, giving tnepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors havebo much faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,75 cents.(nov-addv)Ha 1 isNow that Mr. Hoover has issuedhis food licenses, everybody Isstanding around waiting to be surprised when prices come tumblingdown.Your TelephoneA Money Maker!If busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at 'good prices, were to be deprived o: their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from 5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day and night Qur rates are reasonablevParis Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,District Manager. local Manager.&'3EkwttjSm&Jk'(till feb. 1)A Legally GUARANTEED CUREtop HogCholeraThink of it.Mr. Farxner.here's a remedy for hoe cholerathat is sold tinder a "Legal Guarantee Bond." Howcan you afford to take chances against hoe cholerawnen you can eet this remedy on such terms?Bourbon Hog Cholera RemedyIs the only remedy ever pnt up that is guaranteed to cur andprerenthogcBolexa.It does the work better than any other known remedy, or it would not be sold casuch a strong guarantee. Quart 51-50, Gallon S3.Q0. At AllDrugglsta.BOURBON REMEDY 'COMPANY. Lexington. Ky.wmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmWM&mmmmmmMmmmMMMMMMMmMWMssMMMMmmmmM.31The BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)ANNOUNCESi -fFIRST SALETUESDAY, DEC. 4, 1917AT NINE O'CLOCK A. M.Open to Receive Tobacco December 1stFirst Day's Commissions Divided:One-Third to Red Crossy One-Third to "Boys in France Tobacco Fund"One-Third to Health and Welfare League"BourbonTobacco Warehouse CoIs - (Incorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager,(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKY- ui. , -' n , ,T. r f , r,r - X. 'i -v?- 'J-?,I i. iTV. I'- - r. - mIsEVERY FOOT IHE OIL SANDSsMeans One Cent Rise in Stock!iffiMthemfIMr. Chas. Wilmoth, VicePresident of the Company,accompanied by Mr. H. S.Joseph, a stockholder, hasjust returned. Read whatMr. Joseph has to sayabout our Erie, Kansas,field:"For a steady producing field,I have never seen a more promising oil country than the Erieand Chanute, Kansas. Whilethere early in November a finewell came in across the road fromyour Cornwall lease at 499 feetand there is now no question ofthe productivity of not only this'lease, but also your Phelps leaseadjoining."rIt" iTHEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.WATCH THE CLOCK!JsL TVff "WATtfH $r1 SOAR" 'J(.VlJloOWere ou Ever Off e red the OPPORTUNITYto Invest Your Money with MoreRepresentative Men?S. E. Kerr, Ex-County Clerk, Taylor County, Campbelisvill, Ky.W. C. Bell, Farmer, Paris, Ky.Wilmoth Bros., Grocers, Paris, Ky.Thomas Wilmoth, B. & O. R. R., Paris, Ky.Joseph Lippman, Ex-U. S. Dist. Attorney, Salt Lake City, UtahJohn ML Hays, Asst. Sec'y Utah Copper Co., Salt Lake City, UtahHarry S. Joseph, Mining Engineer, Ex-Speaker Utah House ofRepresentatives, Salt Lake City, UtahD. L. Wertheimer, Gen'l Manager, Kahn Bros. Grocery Co., SaltLake City, UahS. S. Pond, Mine Operator, Salt Lake City, UtahHarold Peery, President Preston Milling Co., Preston, IdahoWith these men and other satisfied stockholders from your own town, you may he sure that everythingconnected with this Company will he open and honorahle, aggressive and strong your interests and everybody else's will he fully protected. (That is the big thing to know when you go into any oil or other investment proposition. 'Now is the time to send in that. order for the stock at the price as will be indicated by the dial as theeagle soars so will the stock, as the oil sands are penetrated.Taylor county is destined, unless all signs fail, to be one of the banner OIL AND GAS counties of theState of Kentucky. WILLIAM CLEMENT LEONAKD, well-known Geologist and Efficiency Expert of 3536Broadway, N. Y., has passed an opinion favorably. . .DRILLS ON THE GROUND ATGeo. Van Dyke's Farm, NearMannsville, Kentuckysee if WORKTHE MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL COMPANY owning a large acreage OIL and GAS Leases in Taylorand other counties, 1782 acres Erie and Channe, Kan., Field 350 acres within 4 mile ot large productionin that field, and incorporated under the laws of Kentucky, under the direction of JUDGE DUNDON, GeneralCounsel of Paris, Ky., has ONE MILLION SHARES (1,000,000) of whichTHREE HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARESwere subscribed to and paid by the above named gentlemen, and left about SIX HUNDER AD HPTYTHOUSAND SHARES of TREASURY STOCK to be used for development purposes.This is a straight forward business proposition, and all money secured through sale of stock will be usedfor development purposes of the above-named property, and any others we may secure.Liberty Bonds Good As GoldMail or bring your certificate or receipt, or order on your Bank for your LIBERTY BOND and a certificate of the MED-WEST LIBERTY OIL CO. STOCK at fifteen cents (15c) per share NOW, will be immediately mailed you for the amount of your bond.(Tear off here and mail after filling out this blank.)TO TH0S. WILMOTH, Paris, Ky.I hereby Subscribe for shares of the Capital Stock of THE MID-WEST LIBERTY OILCO., a corporation of Kentucky, for which I enclose $. ,fc in full payment thereof, at"FIFTEEN CENTS (15c) per share.IJr ,- 4OccupationNameStreet or R. P. D '. BoxTown StateaThe Taylor county wellis now 140 feet deep inblack oil shale, and a fewmore days should bringin the oil sands in boththe carniferous and theClinton formation. TheCompany has purchased alarge drilling machine andfull equipment, which willbe delivered in the nextfew weeks.is:THEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.. C. BELL, President TrlOS, WILMOTH, Secretary and TreasureraJ"tat ?-53I nBMT' THE BOUBO&lNEWS, PARIS, KY.) TUESDAT, NOVEMBER 27," If 17.iA-MMm i--H"i"i"t'i'i i"Hi-"ii--i'i"i-"i.ii...i'.i..n..i..i..i i.. 1 I1..H4 f ! ! micXSf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO$Tuesday, November 27J. Stuart Blackton PresentsANTONIO MORENOand BELLE BRUCEin a Greater Vitagraph Blue RibbonWednesday, November 28Jesse L. Lasky PresentsMME. PETROVAin Geo. Broadhurst's Famous Play"The Law ofthe Land'7A Paramount Picture.Thursday, November 29BESSIE LOVEIN"THE SAWDUST RING"A beautiful story of circus life. Ince production. K. B. Triangle.inton Co.Feature,"A Son of thejjA modern drama of the Southernmountains. From the popular novel byHarriet T. Comstock.Also the Twelfth Episode of"The Pighting TrasS95Bobbie Dunn and Hugh FayIn Keystone Comedy"SECRETS OF A BEAUTY PARLOR"Also Popular Players in Triangle Comedy. "His Sudden Rival."JVD MMBALMBRSIn addition Holmes' Travels, Bray'sCartoons and a Klever Komedy.Paris Kv.Day phone 36Night s . . 56or Home 286a333 SixthStrce tst"Trrr -Ml 1 a inThe J, T. HMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.PricesAt the AlamoChildren 5c wai tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5i3oParis Grand 7 to 10:30RaOKXHEKiaKIMILLERSBURG!-cMiss Adah Richie iser fainter at Winchester.visitingMesdames Anna Darnell and H. '1. 'ii "-.id-Mr. J. R. Long con-5jnue about the same. 'jThe M. M. I., M. C, Graded(Schools and postoffice will observe jThanksgiving Day, Thursday.Mr. Lee Clarke, of Louisville,arrived Thursday as a guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke.Messrs. Darius Baldwin andFrank Chandler, c Maysville, attended the Baldwin sale here Saturday. Messrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr., andE. S. Barton, left Friday for aweek's outing and hunting in Knoxcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Bayles DeBell, ofEwing. arried Friday as the guest oftheir daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Mr. DeBell left Saturday for Nicholasville, where he had accepted aposition that will keep his severalmonths.The many friends of Mr. J. W. !Miller will be plad to learn of hisjgood fortune. For the past two !qnth6 he has been in training atFt. Beniamin Harrison, at Indian-!apolis, Ind. On Friday his familyreceived a telegram announcingthat he had been made Lieutenant,and will go to Ft. Riley, Kansas,for service in the near future.Miss Mary McDaniel, instructorin the Cynthiana Graded School, jwas at home from Friday until Mon- jday, accompanied by the followingyoung ladies, all of Cynthiana:Misses Minnie Venton Peterson,Maysie Kimbro, Laura Ewing, Allathia Wells, Anne. Sue Miller, EvelynMeeks and Georgia Mae Hicks.I have taken the agency for thewell-known anticeptic, "Sterizol."It is something that should be foundin every home. It is a remedy formany things. Those who have usedit, I am sure, will do so again.Those who have not, should try it,and they will always want it again.For further particulars, call on Mrs.E. D. Baldwin, Home Phone 130-3.(27-2t)Mr. E. D. Baldwin sold his livery stock, everything pertaining t-the livery stable, Saturday morning,at public sale, everything bringinggood prices; also a house and lot atFifth and Miller streets, occupiedby Mr. Craycraft and family, to JoeGreen, J. H. Purnell and G. R. Turner, all colored, for $jl,500.75, and alot on the same street adjoining thelower warehouse, occupied by theMillersburg Coal & Lumber Co., for$100.The second number of the Lyceum Course, under the ausipces ofthe Red Cross, will be given tonight, beginning at 8 o'clock, at theM. C. Auditorium. The Lotus Company comes to us highly recommended. It will be a musical number interspersed with reading. Mostof the musical numbers will be insong, representing three periods,the French, the American Civil Warand the Modern Period. Everyoneshould avail themselves of this opportunity to hear something good,besides the proceeds go to a goodcause. General admission, 50-cents.The M. M. I. closed its footballseason Friday afternoon with Cynthiana High School on M. M. I.grounds. This was a return game.The first game with Cynthiana wasplayed on Cynthiana grounds, whenour boys were defeated about 40 to0. After that game they went under training, and were coached byMr. T. K. Smith, ,of Paris. Fromthe time the game opened theyshowed they were on tne job. Before the first quarter had beencompleted Capt. Bryan, of the Cynthiana team, had been knocked out.The team refused to play the gameout, though Capt. Bryan did notseem to be badly hurt, the scorestanding at the time 6 to 0 in favor of M. M. I.Mr. George Mitchell, aged 86,died at the home ol his son, Mr.Frank Mitchell, near Shakespeare,this county, Wednesday at seven p.m. Mr. Mitchell has always, residednear Millersburg, and was a farmerby occupation. For the past severalyears he had lived a quiet lifeSince the death of his wife, a fewyears ago, he has spent much of histime with his children. A fewweeks ago he buried a son, Mr. C. L.Mitchell, of Paris. He was a lifelong member of the Christianchurch, and was held in high esteem by all who knew him. He issurvived by one daughter, Mrs. Lancaster, of Cincinnati, and four sons,Messrs. Frank Mitchell, of Shakespeare, Russell, Morton and EdwardMitchell, of Millersburg. Interment Friday afternoon in the Millersburg Cemetery, after a short service at the grave by his pastor, Eld.C. O. Cossaboom.Mrs. Belle Taylor, aged fifty,died Friday, at 7:15 a. m., at herhome on Vimont street, after a lingering illness of a complication otdiseases. Mrs. Taylor was born inJune, 1837, and was a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. George King, and wasone of a family of several children,all of whom have proceeded her to thegrave, except one sister, Mrs.Browning, of Cynthiana, who is aconfirmed invalid of paralysis.In 1857 Miss Belle King wasunited in marriage to Mr. JohnThomas Taylor, and with the exception of two years when she residedin Missouri, her long life has beenspent in Millersburg. Five daughters and one son were born to thishappy couple. In 1875 Mr. Taylordied after a brief illness of pneumonia, leaving a widow to providefor six children.This is one of the most prominentfamilies of our community. For anumber of years after the death ofMr. Taylor, Mrs. Taylor conducteda millinery business in her home.Some twelve or fifteen years ago sheopened one of the most popularboarding houses in Central Kentucky, and it was a success. Hertables were laden with the good(uiiings oi me marKet, which werecalculated to satisfy the appetites ofthe traveling public in every parj ticular. She was a lifelong memberof the Christian church, and duringI her active days was a member ofits various societies. She had beenin failing health for the past threeyears, but in the midst of her suffering she had a smile and a kindword for everybody. She fought thebattles of life bravely and was vietorious. Last September, when sherealized that the end of her pilprimage was fast approaching sheclosed her boarding house. Fromthat time she grew slowly worse until the end came. She Is survivedby one son, Mr. Richard Taylor, ofSt. Joseph, Mo., five daughters,Mesdames S. H. Creighton, ofIndianapolis, Ind., K.' B. Hutchings,of Lexington, Ky., T. D. Judy andM. Taylor Long, and Miss Mary H.Taylor, of Millersburg. The funeralwas held Sunday at 2 p. m. from herlate residence, with services by herpastor, Eld. C. O. Cossaboom, withinterment in MillersDurg Cemetery.Quite a number of friends a'nd relatives were present from all the surrounding towns.KEEP DOWNThe High Cost of Living.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBest Matches, "full count,"per box 5cNew Pan Cake Flourper package , . . . 1 OcLenox Soap, per bar 5cEarly June Peas, per can ..15cTomatoes, per can 1 5cSugar Corn, per can 1 5cCorn Flakes, per pkg. 1 OcOYSTERSDRESSED FOWLSCHICKENS, TURKEYS ANDDUCKSREELFOOT LAKE FISHCELERY AND CRANBERRIESFRUITS, ETC.ciTry OurFreach Breakfast" Coffeea sure delight, at25c a Pound.Pork Chops 3QcPork Roast . .' 30Beef Roast 20cPork Sausage r. . 3fJcBest Sirloin Steak 30cPure Lard 30cMflRfiOI FN'SBusyBeeCashStore Sanitary Meat Market9 A6Vv t9 sun m Wmi ISriSk v u I P v v illm ff 1 11 I mfl IN HiL1 JWa&'jlE Kl Whoever you are; wherever you arej stop a moment! Have j 9 j1 m W 'you ever condered what a world of happiness a Victrola can ,- HiE add to your life? Music is the handmaid of Joy. The Victrola' I m111 - is Music It is the music you love best glorified by thegrea - j .,-. W j1 h - i est artists of die earth and brought to your own family circle. I , , ffllE " ' ' " ' YoeartVctiol today." Yon cam ft it tfco. tlt j uj11 K FIFTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY. jjj1 qg KKS dJBJSSaSJBMBMSMSMBGSI 'I PI Ja5BSaMMSS5BtqBBB5CSSafafyff.Li.l .' - THTI ThatI StoreShouldAllx9Crowd OurThis Wee k!UP - TO - THE - MINUTE MEN'S,WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S-kfei?vkzi tn& ip x&y i i arm. m wba skaFOOTWEARAlso Winter Boots, Felts gibbers and House Slippers of AllKinds at Prices which Offer Great Savings to Our CustomersAt no store in Paris and Sts v5c5sTJ23:y can you find such dependaSe footwear in the newest styles and at such wonderful savings. Our successf u3 advance purchases, volume ofbusiness, low expenses and cash sraske these great offerings to our customers possible.Ladies' Gun Metai Boots$1.99 and $3.4-9Ladies' Black EnglishBoots $2.99Ladies'Hayana Brown En--lish Boots $3.95Ladies' Black Kid High CutBoots, Louis or mediumheel $3.95Men's High Grade Rus3.TanEnglish Shoes.. $3.49Men's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand lace $299Men's Tan WorkShoes $2.49Men's Gun MetalShoes $1.99. )1Boys Misses' and Children's High Qualit'Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.sADAN COHENIParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Refen.-ft