.V',PUBLISHEDi-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBiq 21 1917;7W ? " Yr's! : v ,iP J r ": w 7 r jKwirrvwjfwi7-: x ?j; '- --. I ..-1, , kv v 5v ' , ' - s 'i . -' - ..- - ' " - 'J!THE10UiBr HEWS ,17T7PDV TTT1?C!T A V AXTTk timn.v ft mnn rn r -: . 1 : ;2 'V-1130UEB0N COUNTY SENDS SECOND, QUOTA TO CAMP T0-MOREOW."With the completion of the taskof securing tke second quota ofBourbon county men for the National army, and the departure tomorrow morning of the county's apportionment of the forty per cent,called under the terms of the selective draft act, fifty-six men, forCamp Zachary Taylor, Bourboncounty people will begin to realizethat we are having an active partin the organization of the force thatmay be called on very sojan to takean active part in France.These 'men, representative youthof the city and county, have beensummoned by the Bourbon CountyExemption Board, to report tothem at their office in the Bourboncounty court house this afternoon,at three o'clock, when they will begiven their final instructions. Arrangements have been made for theirdeparture to-morrow morning at7:47 o'clock, In a special car overthe Louisville & Nashville, for CampZacliary Taylor. They will be incharge of one of their number, Mr.Charles E. Wilson, who has beendesignated with the rank of Captain,and will be under his direction untilthey reach Camp Taylor, and are assigned to quarters.In this connection THE NEWS isTequested in a communication fromtheWar Department to correct amistaken impression that has goneout that the men will be suppliedwith the necessary toilet articlesupon their arrival at camp. Thecommunication is signed by Capt.James G-. Wheeler, Captain Inf., 0.It. C, and is as follows:"Drafted men from several counties liave reported here without towels or toilet articles, stating thatthey were instructed by their localBoards that these would be furnishedthem upon their arrival here."The purpose of this Jitter is thecorrection of that entirely erroneous impression. Men should bringwith them toilet articles and atleast one towel. A change of underwear and an extra pair of sockdshould also be brought. The publication of this information in yourpaper may save much inconvenienceto drafted men and the officers incharge of them."There will be no formal demonstration when these men leave Paris, as.our boys are not of the brass-band-and-hurrahkind, but they will leavequietly and with a full appreciation of their responsibility as futuresoldiers, and with the certain knowledge that the people of Pans ana-Bourbon county will send them ontheir way with a hearty good wishlor their return and for their welfare while away.In event that any of the men cannot present themselves to-morrow,.the following five men liave beennamed as substitutes: Frank L.Cox, Harvey Leeds, Frank Taylor,Oscar N. Johnson and Virgil Peterson. The names of the fifty-six men whowill leave to-morrow to serve theiricountry in the interest of democracyagainst plutocracy are 'printed be-low:-''(84)(99),4(137).(189)(173)f!80)390 Herbert Milton King.332 Chas. E. Wilson.749 John M. Sargent.356 James Edward Cain.923 John Stigall.970 James B. McBride.557 Rufus Johnson.(328)rsafil 1415 Raymond Patton.(359) 800 Chas. R. Mattox.T12)275 James Ariuui rjuw.1267 Thurman Jones.43 Harry Barlow.1066 Homer Snapp.24 Wm. Smits. '1014 Jim Cope.1331 Smith Hill.18-Jos. G. Mitchell.1484 Ernest Kiser.772 Thodore Carter.!29? Clayton B. Renaker.18)(42)(44)''(45)47)(65)X61)(67)'(860'(931(114)T5Wm. A. Jiuaaiebuuii.-iock 154. Walter Jones.U35) 882 Lawrence RaymerJones,noo-v 1509 Teddy. Shannon.4l43 183-Ghent B. Wilson.(147) 5 Chas. B. Dickerson.(149) 54 John Collier.156) 1054 Harvey C. oev157) 1275 Nathan B. Linvilie.(90) 112 Jesse Masden.(1981 1287 Dempsie Carl Poe.(901) 327 Richard H. Waller.202) 664 Robt. Lee;Blevms.(204 )1448 Joseph Bell.232) 1166 Madison Breeze.250 736-Charlie Clay Prather.J057A 974 Strawther Prewitt.(281) 292 Young H. Harrison.(282 822 James E. Williams.,oz 1510 Elmer Shumate.Aoa 168 A. J. Sons.(35?) 1201-Shird Mclntyre(360 1447 Alvin Brannock.K,l ncivirsril Harney.367 562 Elsie Mitchell.C412)I'rrwoodford.(423989 S.'(ill) "(?) Montgomery Wiinj"- e remains at ?2.10 perVs'i 155 Waiter -inum---COAL SITUATION KEMAINSCHANGED.There has been practically, nochange in the coal shortage situationin this city. Rapid depletion of th3supplies in the yards of the localdealers continues. One dealer saidthat if he had not adopted the system of selling only small amounts toeach patron, he could have closed outhis entire stock in one day. Practically no coal is being received bydealers from the mines.The Paris Ice Manufacturing Company was forced to ;lose down itsplant Tuesday and Wednesday on account of inability to secure enoughcoal to keep steam going. Fortunately they had a large reserve stockof ice in their storage rooms. A supply of coal has been received andthe plant is in operation again. .Shortage of coal at the plant ofthe Kentucky Traction & TerminalCo., in Lexington, caused a temprorary discontinuance of the BlueGras interurban system Wednesdaynight, and caused a large number ofParis people who had been attendingthe races to be "laid out" betweenParis and Lexington for about anhour. It became necessary to shutoff the street lighting system ofLexington and the city railway" speedwas cut to nearly one-half. Early inthe evening a supply of good steam-i ing coal was received and the troublewas over.Fearing that another shortage ofcoal will put the entire electric system out of commission the TractionCompany has had gas pipes run tothe furnaces at the power-house onLoudon avenue, in Lexington. Withthis precaution it is expected thatIjhere will be no further interruptionto the running of the cars, either,city or interurban.ia vtu ciRED CROSS STATE HEADQUARTERS OPENED IN LEXINGTON.Headquarters of the State RedCross have been opened in room 28on the third floor at the LexingtonBanking & Trust Company, corner ofMarket and Short streets, in Lexington. The headquarters are in charge ofFrank C. Greene, of Carrollton, assistant division director of the Lawedistrict. He will be assisted by MissLida Hafford, of Carrollton, State inspector, and Nat H. Aaron, of Liberty. One hundred and thirty-two RedCross chapters in the State, in addition to a number of auxiliaries, areunder the supervision of the Lexington office. The purpose of the Stateorganization is to assist the WarCouncil in the collection of the remainder of Kentucky's share of the$100,000,000 war fund.It is the work of the State headquarters to give advice to all thechapters of Kentucky along the linesof conducting membership campaignsand in the raising of funds.Miss Hafford will have charge ofinspecting all the garments and supplies which are made by the chaptersover the State before they are shipped. " SSI"GOODY" SOME GARDENER ASWELL AS BALLPJiAYER.Some men have talent and somehave talents, and many have both,of a varied character.This applies especially in the lastparts of the above sentence to B.Frank Goodman, familiarly knownto hundreds of Bourbon county admirers as "Goody," of BluegrassLeague fame. Since his removal toPeru, Indiana, where he has residedsince leaving Paris, "Goody" has become an expert gardener, besides histalents as clothing salesman andbaseball player. This summer he hasbeen engaged in helping to increasethe food production of Indiana byJ cultivating a "war garden.Besides other fine products of hisskill as a gardener, "Goody" helpedto produce twelve acres of potatoes,'a sample of which, weighing one and jone-half pounds, he sent to his fa-'ther-in-law, Mr. James McNamaraJSr., of' Paris, Wednesday, with anote stating that this one was one ofthe smallest. ,,,'The tuber was a remarkably finespecimen, and is tangible evidenceof "Goody's" success in other linesbesides the ones in which he hasspent many years. ' jFLOUR TAKES SLIGHT DROP.From its former high perch of$t4 50 and nearly $15.00 per barrelat one time flour has taken a dromonthe local retail market, the commodity now retailing at $13.00 perbarrel. Millers have reauceu cwholesale price to the Tetailers, con-sequently the housekeeper is feelingfirst fruits of the reduction.iThis follows a long period of inac-'tivity in flour, no cnanges,m nuu- -ln.-ncriiPOTimadefor several Z.UN-MILLING MEN HOLD CONFER-.ENCE IN CINCINNATI.An important conference of milling men from Kentucky, Tennesseeand Georgia was held Wednesday atthe Chamber of Commerce in Cincinnati. The .members were ' guestsof the Cincinnati Hay and GrainExchange. The meeting was held forthe purpose of conferring with theofficials of the Food Administrationat Washington in regard to fixing anequitable price for wheat and flourfor the Cincinnati market.A committee was appointed whichwill hold a meeting in New Yorkwithin the next few days. It is expected that at this meeting the FoodAdministration will' see the necessityof reducing prices on the Easternseaboard to conform, to a standardwhich will not discriminate againstthis section.Those who attended the meetingfrom this section were Mr. B. M. Renick, o'f the Paris Milling Co., and Mr.Frank P. Walker, of Paris, Secretaryof the Central Kentucky Millers'Association; W. L. Northcutt, ofCynthiana; M. F. McEldowney, D. T.j Matlack and Wm. Wolcott, of Win-chester; W. J. Kennedy, of Carlisle,immediately after the close of thebusiness meetings the members wereguests at a luncheon given at theHotel Gibaon. Short addresses were! made and a general all-around goodtime was enjoyed.?S sa ?S ,3LUE SERGE SUITS FOR BOYS.A handsomely Tailored, ll-woolblue serge at $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.E3 ISHAVE A LOOK.Our window is full of nifty shoes.Prices aie right. Styles ar,e 'right.(21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.Ea 3 3REV. MAXON RESIGNS.Rev. James M. Maxon, former rector of St. Peter's Episcopal churchin this city, and for many yearsPresident of the Margaret College, inVersailles, has tendered his resignation as head of that institution andalso as rector of the Versailles Episcopal church. -The resignation as rector of theEpiscopal church will take effectOct. 1, but he will continue todirectaffairs at the college until-his,. successor has been selected and installed. Dr. Maxon has accepted the put- tober 1 to 13 on account of thepit at St. Mark's church, Crescent great trotting meeting which beginsHill, Louisville, made vacant by the on Monday, October 1. On this dateresignation of Dr. R. L. McCready, ttte Walnut Hill Cup, and the $14,who has charge of the Cathedral pas- 000 Futurity for two-year-olds, bothtorate in Louisville. I great races, will be trotted.WE KNOW HOWThe Fall andI In Men's and Young Men's Suits2 Are Now Ready For Your InspectionWWMKktiMkIIIilllH1 iJffiiij)fl)Mn hi mil eWntH l!llilBffTrW I illillwR li'MKwIti . I III 1sFall Styles in John B. Stetson Soft and Stiff HatsMany New Styles in Rich Colors of Velours and Felts.Nettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes5Mitchell &Stetson Hats ' .Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoes ,Dr. Reedfs Cushion Sole Shoes rmHANCOCK HORSES ARRIVE SAFE-LY IN NEW YORK.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,had five mares to arrive safe in NewYork this week from England, thesebeing shipped on another boat aweek before the Minnehaha sailed.The Minnehaha . was sunk jnrith thestaiiion Maiden , junegn and six;broodmares. These mares are quiteup to the Hancock standard of breeding and are:Tuscan Red, chestnut mare, 1912,by William Rufus out of Fine Feathers by Gallinule (sire of PrettyPolly, etc,) ; next dam Splendid bySheen; covered by Maiden Erlegh.Marthon, bay mare, 1912, byThrush out of Matagon by Martagon;next dam Lauriola by Springfield;third dam Zaruma by Hermit.Bessie Melton, chestnut mare,1911, by Melton (sire of Sysonby)out of Bess of Orange by Williamthe Third; nex dam Elizabeth Hardwick by Orme; covered by Cyllius.Red Hair, chestnut mare, 1911,by William Rufus out of Ragusa byCyllene (winner of the Ascot GoldCup and sire of Cicero, Minoru,Lemburg and Tagalie, all winners ofthe Derby) ; next dam ElizabethHardwick by Orme; covered by Ambassador. Simena's Daughter, bay mare,1906, (own sister to William Rufusand Henry the First) by Melton outof Simena by St. Simon; next damFlying Footstep by Doncaster; covered by Maiden Eriegh.is la isPARISIAN STABBED.Phil Heller, Jr., formerly of Paris,a son of Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller,of this city, was stabbed by a negronamed Cowan, at Newport, whereMr. Heller is in the employ of the'Kroger Giocery Co. Witnessesallege that the two men became involved in an altercation over a dime.Charles Johnson, manager of thestore, was also stabbed by the negro,who made his escape, but was afterward caught by, the 'police. YoungHeller's wounds are painful, but nqtnecessarily fatal.- J5i S-REDUCED RAILROAD RATES.The Louisville Nashville willsoil round trin tickets at reduced! rates from Paris to Lexington, Oc-Winter Styles jFor the young fellow whowants the- style you willfind it in our ready-to-wearclothes.The NewFrench Sack Coatplaited back and yoke,patched pockets, very highwaisted coat with beltedhack, graceful lines, thekind that you will be pleasedwith and which has style,wear and individuality thatother ready-to-wear clotheshave not. Fancy olivegreens, plaids, checks andnobby brown patterns.Prices From$15-00 to $30-00More conservative modelsfor the man who does notwant such fancy styles, inneat worsteds and cheviots.Select your suit now, whiieour line is . new and complete. .BlakemoreCASH CROW AGAIN IN THE PUBLIC EYE.Cash Crowe, he of the elusive personality and a tendency to get intothe courts continually, was brought;to the Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, Sunday, Suffering from gunshot wounds in the noted limbs thathave helped him make his getawayfrom Paris penal institutions onseveral occasions.Cash had been in a seemingly quiescent state for some time, as he hadnot been heard from in Paris, butold man trouble was camping onhis trail and finally landed himagain. Cash and a man named Allison upon meeting near Sardis, inMason county, last Saturday, resumed an old grudge. Allison procureda shotgun and peppered Cash's legswith shot. He was not seriously injured, but was rushed to the MassieHospital for treatment. Masoncounty evidently didn't want him.He is improving.v Allison was arrested on a chargeof shooting and wounding and released on $300 bond to await Crow'srecovery to appear in court.Cash has been a familiar figure inpolice and court circles here. Hehas served one term in the FrankfortReformatory, being sent up from thiscounty. He has .escaped from theParis jail and from the county workhouse, and boasts that no jail couldhold '"him very long.fcs fe ta vALL-WOOL BOYS' SUITSIn many attracUve patterns ofbelted models $6 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'- 2. fe ISPARIS MEN BUY RACEES.The Kentucky Sales -Company,with Auctioneer George A. Bain inthe box, at Tattersalls, in Lexington, Tuesday night, sold 74 thoroughbred yearlings for $18,875, anaverage of $255. The highest priceof the sale was $1,500 paid by J. C.Milam for the filly Frances Star, byStar Shoot, out of Frances "Dillon.Under an agreement entered intoby the committee representing theKentucky Thoroughbred Horse Association, it was voted that they wouldbuy only fillies, and that they wouldmake the limit for desirable ones$110. They further voted that theywould accept an advance of $50 perhead oh their purchases from persons desiring to train them. ,This was the case with the fillyMildred Thompson. She was bredby Kenney Nichols, of Paris, andconsigned by him to the sale. T"he'committee bought her for $95, andMr. Nichols gladly paid an advanceof $50 on her 'and took her backhome 'to go into training.At the sale Mr. Nichols purchaseda chestnut filly by Plaudit Bewitcher, for $1,150, and MildredThompson, bay filly by TransvaalKuhl, for $95. Mr. Will H. Whaley,of Paris, bought a chestnut colt byMagneto Evelyn Kinsey for $85,and a chestnut colt by MagnetoBreezyland, for $80.The sale was concluded Wednesdaynight, with the disposal of 61 headof weanlings, yearlings, brood maresand horses for an aggregate of $12,970, an average of $212.61. The 135head sold at the two sales brought atotal of $31,845, an average of$235.88. The Picket, winner of theAmerican Derby, was among thehorses consigned by J. E. Lane, butthe only bid for him was $100, madeby his owner.Bourbon county purchasers wereas follows:Brown colt, 1 by James DockeryMary Hunter; Jack Casey, $60.What's Left, b m 19 by WadsworthAlice Piatt; John Wiggins, $80.Venen, b m 12 by WadsworthModjeska; John Wiggins, $55.English Esther, ch m 10 by LordEsterling Lizzie English; B. Bedford, $50.FAIR RUNAWAYS WANT TO SEE"BIG TOWN."Claiming that they had been illtreated at their homes in Cynthianatwo young girls named Irene andMargaret Marshall ran away fromtheir homes in that city Wednesday,coming first to Paris, where theyhired a horse and buggy from a livery stable, and proceeded to take inthe town.Becoming suspicious the proprietorof the stable sent a man out to huntthem. He found them on the Lexington pike, saying that they wereheaded for Lexington with the intention of seeing the ''big town." Theywere brought back here and thehorse and buggy returned to thestable. The girls afterward went toLexington, but the news of their escapade had been sent .pn ahead ofthem by the Paris police, and theywere taken in tow upon their arrival.The youthful travelers were escortedto the police station, where they wereplaced in the care of the Police Matron, until a Deputy Sheriff came fromCynthiana and returned them tcrtneir juiuiiic. uuc ui "" &"" -was fourteen and -the other sixteen.SOW MORE WHtfAT THIS PALL.Perhaps the most important task ofthe United States in this great stni-gle which we have entered, is 0 furnish the European Allies with suflBci-ent foodstuffs to keep their anniand peoples well fed. Upon, our abif-ity to accomplish this task dependvery largely the chances, of victory.Wheat is the most suitable foodstuff for export and we must produceenough in 1918 to meet not only ourown needs but also provide alarse .surplus for export. A record cropcan be grown in 1918 if every farmerin the country will plant as large amacreage as can be "consistently dome .without interfering with rezularfarm practice. The government !aurging farmers to do this, and Inorder that, they may be certain, to imcur no loss by so doing a price ofper bushel has been guaranteed forthe 1918 crop. Thus the farnier wkosows a large crop of -wheat is assuredof good profits and at the same timhe will be rendering his country adistinct service.Bourbon county is asked to sot23,000 acres of wheat this fall,which is 30 per cent, more than vusown last year. There is little doubtthat even a larger acreage than thiswill be sown. Bourbon county mustnot fail to do its part.The government must know thatthe desired acreage will be sown andthe National Council of Defense forBourbon county has been asked tofind out as nearly as possible .howmuch more wheat each farmer in thecounty will produce this year.Through an arrangement with thePostmasters of the county a card willbe placed in every rural mail box.On this card are spaces in which eachfarmer is requested to give the approximate acreage sown to wheat lastfall and the" acreage that lie will sorthis fall. After filling in, the cardshould be placed in the mail" boxagain. No stamp ig required. Thesecards will go to the Kentucky Agricultural College, where the figurescan be tabulated, It is earnestly requested that these cards be returnedpromptly.Please do not neglect filling in andreturning your card.Signed by the National Council ofDefense for Bourbon County.A. B. HANCOCK,Chairman.TEj i a , .MEN PROM KY. CAMP TO GO TOHATTIESBURG.Word has been received at CampTaylor, near Louisville, that 7,000of the selected draft soldiers there,will be sent to Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, to fill vacancies in the, National Guard units of Kentucky, Indiana and West Virginia.Whether the men will be orderedSouth as soon as equipped, if theKplan is put into action, r or held atCamp Taylor until fully trained isnot known. There is speculationamong the officers whether thenumber, which it is understood, will ,be ordered from Camp Taylor willleave a decrease in the number tabe drafted to the camp, or whethermore men will be drafted to fill' upthe ranks.a fe la OTAKE NO CHANCES;When insuring your automobile,why not take out an accident policyin the old reliable Aetna CasualtyCo. for .$5,000. See agent., A. J. FEE.Es ?S iEDISON BELIEVED TO HAVE; PERFECTED U-BOAT POU.Out of the guarded seclusion ofThos. A. 'Edison's laboratory, wtferefor mqnths the wizard of-' Americahas been mysteriously employed, hascome the invention that will foilGerman U-boats, it is firmly believedin Washington, following reportsmade recently by American linersand destroyers of astonishing escapesfrom torpedoes. Although Secretaryof the Navy Daniels refused to discuss the report, it is statedNon goodauthority that the Edison device hasbeen, installed on several destroyersand liners, and has proven a success.Other vessels are being rapidly equipped, it is declared.POPULAR PARISIAN GOESHOPKINSVILLE.TOMadison Smoot, son of Mrs. Ger-trude Smoot, of this city, haseeur-ed a position with Montgomery-Pec-kins Co., general contractors, and kaaentered upon his duties at the oflcein Hopkinsville. The firm contractsfor building railroads, public buildings, turnpikes, etc., and the homeoflice is at San Antonio, Texas -Mr. Smoot was one of the kosorgraduates at the Millersburg MilitaryInstitute in the class of '17Iast May, "and received high commendation ferproficiency in his studies. "He is personally popular here-amdhas 9. "hrtst. of friends -who linu fkpresent position n(ay be but tke attev-"1 pjngoiuiio tu iusi auu uvbtvrjn the busiajes world.141i1!!I(inr 18 Arbut-Chas. w. j ;JTrh " ' -$.st'JiVy?y3vtUqT --.v-r,XLX.-.irt, Hf.ij cw VttSBXX) SEPTEMBER 2BAGS TWO-J. f i-" n "Wr .-w vinjtti1 Mt-'f4,v -''f. THE BOURBON NEWS'-tMlshi 1M1 35 Yuritlnuout Publication.C9n-ibliched Every Tuesday and Friday.jt Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.CWJFT CrIAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichsay 'appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach Issue; reading notices in black"type, 20 cents per lirie, each issue.-Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline vany advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash. .NNTHE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For Sheriff wil1 G- McClintock.Tor County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. 4For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer iTliomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Matristrate L. J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; .E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.' EDITORIAL MUSINGS."Good Bye, Summer!"Thosewho regret the passing ofsummer seem only to think of thewinter with its bleak and drearydays, forgetting that in between, wehave the glorious autumn; the harvest time of the year; overflowingorchards, and fields, and vines heavywith purpling fruit with busynands will gather for the winterstore. Autumn brings the "schooldays" with flocks of merry children,, bTight-eyed with cheeks like the rosyapples hanging on the orchard trees.Could anything more delight the eyethan the beauty of September fieldsdecked in the purple and 'gold of thewild aster (Michaelmas daisy) .andthe golden-rod intermingling withthe iron-weed which invites the yellow butterflies to rest upon its purplecrown in countless numbers?In the nearby pool brown, cat-tailsIff stand erect amid the pale greenleaves, (what a picture they make,too, fulling a deep yellow, or blue jain a shadowy corner of the room! )We must not forget that on thetwenty-ninth of September we celebrate the day in honor of good SaintMichael, and we who are loyal to himmake the "michaelmas goose" thepiece du resistance on our dinnertable, "dressed with sage and onions,"and bright red baked apples as agarnish, a bouquet of 'Michaelmasdaisies under the left "pinion," theleft one, now don't forget (if thegoose isa fine one there's likely tobe none left.)September gives us m clear, coolnights, too, and the "hunter's' moon,"and if we live in the country nodoubt we hear away off In the dis' fance, the clear note of the horn andthe baying of the hounds. If you areone, a close observer or a light sleeper, you'll see, or hear the wild geeseleaving their northern homes tobathe in the warm waters of theSouther climes. One old negro gardener, we believe has never been knowto miss the first flock "We's goin'to have an early winter, Miss Polly,de wild geese is goin' by I heard de- --wings a-flappin', and dem a-squeaken'early dis mornin' " And we willlook out for1 .n. early winter for UncleAbe kNnows.Ptt Advertising a City.When a certain official who hasbad wide experience in commercial-" organization work all over the TJnit-ed States, was asked the question asto what was the best way to advertisea city he replied without hesitancythat "the best-way to'advertise a cityis to have-all "of your citizens onTOUJstaff as boosters. A great numb rT ofyour townsmen are, travelingwckand forth -on trains and various Othermeans, and if equipped with a properamount of information about theirhome town can constantly put in aboost here and there for it which willdo more good than any amount ofpaid advertising. jf"This spirit is contagious. The firstthing you know your citizens has theman from the other town convinced,and probably a little later on thisman may become enthusiastic to theextent that he joins the forces boosting your town."Therefore, the first step in publicity is at home, in educating everybody, from the newsboy on the streetto the retired merchant, to the placethat Paris comes naturally into theconversation and that they alwayshave something good to say abouttheir town.Blind, unreasoning prejudice isnot wise, but in our conversationwe can, at least, disregard the unpleasant things and place emphasisupon the pleasant ones.Why People Are Tired."I'm so tired of canning and ofmeatless days, and bread substitutes,and all other old war economics!"wails a nice just average Americanwoman. And hundreds echo herplaint in their hearts.What about the tired man on athousand miles of battle front?Doubtless the women of Germanyare very tired of their graves.The tired women of Belgium wererobbed of their homes long ago, andnow even their right to their ownlabor has been taken from them. Butthey endure.The tired wives of France havegiven their men to the trenches andnow they garner the harvest andpress out the wine in their places.But they do not complain.The tired mothers of England waitwhile their sons go on and onwith Haig, or with the North Seafleet hold the Germans back fromravaging the world.The Russian women are not tootired to take up the sword themeslves. Verily, it is hardly time for- theAmerican woman to talk about ""be-!ing "so tired" of war. lShe has given up none of her comforts not even her fine summerfurs.te?a nDOING THEIR DUTYScores of Paris Readers Are Learningthe Duty of the Kidneys.To filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When they fail to do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney ills mayfollow.Help the kidneys do their workrUse Doan's Kidney Pills the tested kidney remedy.. Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with very good resultsand I can tell from the help theywere to me that they would be beneficial in other cases of kidney trouble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall 'of my back and my kidneyswere irregular in action. Doan's Kidney Pills rid me of these complaintsand I have faith enough in them sothat if I should need a kidney remedy,I would certainly take Doan's."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)S 1E3 TSCONGRESSMAN'S SON TOSERVICE IN FRANCE.SEEJames "Edward Cantrill, son ofRepresentative- J. C. Cantrill, .hasbeen sworn in at the War Department as field clerk and assigned toactive military service at Governor'sIsland. He will shortly be sent toFrance for service in the fieldsYoung Cantrill was not old enoughfor the selective draft, but volunteered his services and was immediately accepted. He is a graduateof Staunton Military Academy, ofVirginia, and has had two years ofstudy at Washington and Lee University. He is 20 years old. Coupledwith his military training, he is regarded as an expert stenographerand typewriter.Senator James, presented his application to the War Department andobtained his appointment.i !5i JSTRANSYLVANIA IN LINE.Transylvania University studentsTuesday voted unanimously to takemilitary drill instead of gymnasiumwork. Sergeant James R. Roby, ofthe local recruiting station, willdrill- them five afternoons each week.lea m teHAS A HIGH OPINION OF CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS. ."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I havenever found anything so mild andpleasant to use. 'My brother has alsoused these tablets with satisfactoryresults."(sept-adv)ft& Hi fc rMany a, young "woman who marriesan old man is merely taking a-train-ingcourse in widowhoods.II ii i i t1 I I I I IW- WTfAcnvmESTCiftiL pbottocto.- "- t .A. .Ttt , V,frOiPKDUOTKfUVWTMKmtVtt --UU UJI.KJUM.rHalf a dozen. 'new ellrrVstrting in Rockcastle county, wfiifoLincoln county shows several newtests. .Local operators will drill anumber of new wells in McCrearycounty.Acker & Williams; Estill countyoperators, are shipping a heavy rigto Harlan county, bordering Virginia, where the first test in thehistory of that county will be drilled. They will drill 2,000 feet ifoil is not found at a shallow depth.Excitement continues keen in numerous Western Kentucky counties.Many oil men are. flocking to Warren county, wher.e some excellentwells have "been drilled. BourbonKcounty capitalists have large holdings in this county. Simpson, Todd,Metcalfe Barren and half a 'dozenother counties show activity.Indications are that the oil feverwhich has reached -so many countiesin Kentucky will reach Flemingcounty.In the eastern' part of the countyduring the past thirty days, numbersof leases have been taken for thepurpose of drilling for oil. Theleases were not taken by one party,but it seems from4 reports that anumber of different parties -havebeen scouring that part of thecounty and all have succeeded insecuring more or less leases.The Olympia Springs property iscoming into the public eye with thedrilling in of a new oil well on thefarm of Riley Ingram, just threemiles from the Springs.' The newwell is in the vicinity of a producerwhich was brought in a year ago,and is looked on very favorably bylocal oil men. The production hasnot been tested. Rumor has it thatWarren Stoner, formerly of Paris,is negotiating for the purchase of theSprings property.Mr. Stoner is reported also tohave drilled in a fair gas well nearthe Bath-Menifee line. It is his intention to put down several wells inthis vicinity.Nine hundred and ninety acres ofprospective oil territory in Leecounty have been leased to an eastern corporation by Ben Wright, ofSharpsburg. Mr. Wright retainssome of his holdings in Lee and expects to begin drilling a test soon.Acreage in this territory is leasing atfrom $10 to $25 per acre beforetests are drilled.What is believed to be the largestoil well so far drilled in Allencounty, was that of Saturday nighton the Porter Dodd farm. The producer was drilled by Motts & Company, of Tulsa, Okla. The well isreported to have flowed over, but noconservative estimate can be obtained on the productionAmtil it is putto pumping this week. 'Another wing of the great Irvineoil region, which has heretofore beenheld in disrepute, has developed a100-barrel well on the Berry-Abneyfarm two and a half miles northeast of the old Furnace. The nearest' production is the Maple lease,one and a half miles southwest.The farm was openfed up by W. S.Raydure.The Paris Oil & Gas Co., whichwas recently incorporated atFrankfort, has not yet actively entered the field, but .will make preparations to do so 'as soon as welldrilling outfits can be put to work.Nothing of any consequence has asyet been done toward the development o prospects in this and Montgomery county, but this will bedone later on.One of the most important of latedeals in the Powell-Estill field wasthe purchase by the Indianapolis operators of the holdings of the "VanOil Company. The consideration issaid to be close to $1,000,000. In addition to a developed acreage it includes about 30,000 acres in otherEastern-Kentucky counties.tea fe SinMUST ULE SCHEDULE BY OCTOBER 15.County Assessor Robt. M. Gilkeyhas received a notice from the TaxCommissionrs at Parnkfort, statingthat property-owners have until October 15 to file their schedules oftaxable property 'with the Assessor,without penalty.Any property owned on September 1 and omitted in the returnsmay be subjected retrospectively forten years at double tax rates, interest and costs.fe Ha laEXPERIENCE IS THETEACHERBESTIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not- make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore to be depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof. persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.(sept-adv)T SS 5 ?Sl ,Some meiuaim so high that theyshoot 'right over ourlieads7J.4. - "!."" " ji rKED CSS TOowtjitsFORfc? TheFederated Red Cross Chapters of Central Kentucky have planned to purchase the blankets andsleeping bags for the nurses of Dr.Barrow's Base Hospital Unit. Eachcounty will make itself responsiblefor the blankets for the nurses fromthaf county, which will make Bourbon county responsible for outfitsfor three nurses out of the sixtythree who will compose the nursingstaff of the. unit. Even without theblankets and sleeping bags, the outfit of each nurse will cost her $150.Learning from the mistakes ofothers is the only comfortable wayidiot.NoticeThe annual meeting of -the stockholders of the Burley Tobacco Company will be held at our warehouseon 'South Broadway .Lexington, Ky.,October 9, 1917, at ten o'cloct a. m.This is a very important meetingand each stockholder should attendin person.BURLEY TOBACCO CO.,B. F. Osborne, Secretary.(18-2t)LOST.Between the L. & N. crossing atTenth street and Ahern & Burton'srestarurant a pair of gold rimmedsjpectcles in leather case. Reward'willbe paid for their return either to thisoffice or to Ahern & Burton's restaurant. ftFor SaleThree fresh cows, calves at side.Also two good -South Down Bucks.Apply toM. J. MURPHY,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.(14-3t-pd)WANTEDWanted, middle aged woman forgeneral housework. Must t be neatand refined. Work is not hard. Allmodern improvements. Two children. Good home for right party.Address,MRS. R. B. HAGBR,(14-tf) Ft. Thomas, Ky.REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.When theprices willMen's andEtc., are veryLETTwin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Irani nunti' TiPBTI Will 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I J I I 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 I JI i fl ill vtiVMi mmk Mi VillitFor Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-t ' ' to-Wear Garments, Millinery, Etc.New, StylishFalljlLcITSJUST ARRIVED!SteETHEM!We Sell Ladies' Home.f.44i -"V--l '.t' Xon&2?'.V,-tJVfodernifot&ge of fourrooms, inHARRY L. MITCHELL,f 735 Henderson St.,(18-tf) " Paris, Ky.Wanted.All kinds of second-hand furniture,carpets, rugs, stoves, etc.Cumber-land Phone 780.THE ARK,F. B. Thomas, MaLnager,(18-3t)to the Farmers.Save your hogs by using VLaughlin's Cholera Cure." This is the onlyremedy that will prevent and curediseased hogs. It has tood the testfor years. For sale by Ardery DrugCo., Varden Drug Co., J. S. WilsonHardware Store, and at my residence.Office corner Second and ChaplinStreets, Paris, Ky.MRS. B. F. LAUGHLIN,Cumberland Phone 836.(aug7-3t-F)Scrap Iron Wanted."I am paying fifty cents per Hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)4VnkMfcVWZ"1 - VWait For This Public SaleThe undersigned will offer at public sale the latter part of thismonth the entire real estate holdings of the late Mr. GeorgeVarden. . -We believe it would be to the interest of any parties contemplating the purchase of either a home or investment property towait for this sale.SECURITY TRUST COMPANYAdministrator George Vardentime comes for us to replenish our stockbe greatly advanced. Present prices onBoys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,reasonable at our store.US HELP YOU -SAVE!Clothing and. Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsHaTS50cJournal Patterns. 10'l'l'"ll'AFOR SALE" Htf.Pony,gentle, aAiKodriTipttk4cart and ,harneie; Call Ho ?koa"56 or 223. (14-tf)LOST.Bumper rail to an auto at junction of North Middletown andcMaysville pike, Sunday afternoon. Hasbeen welded about eighteen inchesfrom one end. Finder please return!toJ. HAL WjOODFORD.Stoves Wanted.Will buy your second hand, stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. CallHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J-. ELVOVE., Unmp Pnr Cap PrJvQf plv'H OIIIC lUIiJcHCl I lvdlciyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residrnce at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sfdeand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thapurchaser. It is in first-class shape,An inspection of the house and prem-ises is invited. ' 'MRS. JESSE S. NAFD3R,(4-tf) 12 b Mam Street..JJTr "rf,"All;Vwnrnj!New GoodsARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come andspect our stock.m-- 15c; None Higher.a 1 Jl ..!VKl;"$j qgr'XL'r v-,?';?&$'ZfrV ? J14r.aJlxl$ti-v-i Asr 'wSwl'frffjXjffiA ,- ,- --." - ,-t. -ijf "- "- vy? ' vj- a?vix 7 ;c.THEh'J?-s6X."-..-' nv ,-'f'i7i.' f-V..iirmJk-Ik., ii:vrifr' VAiW'? ,rL 't'I ATHE BOURBON KEWS, PARIS fKI.Vi .h"cPAGgft '' -u K ?id-.4FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1917. y " -WRJGLEYSI tHPl The &dy that isJlKflwHS beneficiaI to teethJOS jffP and stomach ismm Jp best for children.WMJk ' lf ' ' Wrteleys isI7A Helpful''fw N wltiN massages andCr J" strengthens'ssi f the gums,1' 1 'M keeps teeth " 'I "After I clean andA. every breath sweet,vV meal" aids appetiteiljV .: J and digestion.K$ . The-;& k FlavorSAVE YOUR GARDEN SEED SAYSU. S. AUTHORITY.Home gardeners, as well as truckgrowers, who find seed of favoredvarieties difficult to secure, or highin price, would do well to save theirown seed, according to the UnitedStates Department of Agriculture.The saving of seed from Deans, peas,corn, peppers, okra, egg-plant,squash, cucumbers, ,muskmelons andwatermelons is very simple, thechief requirement being to selectseed from good plants. Obtainingseed from tomatoe, radish, lettuce,'Tifo,TKngt BeltFeature4PTollromni'fnoresome hlyelounCifll tfifeiMidJinptrxnotUy they Vc wcknaLJVholWWjRenpLBeltccorwtfi"for Sale ByFrankI RHcei ii00;$3.0p, $5.00 Ikale, collards, cabbage, kohl-rabi,carrots and mustard, while not sosimple, is not beyond the Ability ofany amateur gardener.A newly published Farmers' Bulletin, "Saving Vegetable Seeds forthe Home and Market Garden,"(No., 883), which will be suppliedfree by the United States Department of Agriculture, explains indetail .how to gather and cure seedscommonly 'needed by truck growers.is fin fcIt is hard for a man to see thepoint of a joke and feel it simultaneously.irirKeight7fSS5ff'omy!to wearRcngo.Bclt.icbrsets theylast?Mdstreducingcorseffhave itheir ttyl.eJiejonly wheri?they jar g new!-their lines'Until they, are .vwornoutyand greatestcomforilcomesjafter thefirst wearl; This fsitUeJreasonwhy;;Rengo Belt corset .have gathered newadmirers each year(untilQthey.fiayc.,becomefamou(&EcononiiedlSatisfyingMo9tComfortahh& CoSOCIAL XND JPlERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Summersleft Wednesday for a visit to relatives in Kansas.Mrs. Thomas Perry, guest offriends in this .city, has returned toher home in Mason county.Mr. and Mrs. George T. Napierhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Taylorsville.Miss Elizabeth Mason has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Oliver Howell, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Harry Collins has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs.Jeptha Haggard, near Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Terrillare entertaining as guest Mrs. Lillian Wright, of Orange, Virginia.Mr. Ira Thompson was a guestseveral days this week of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis is inChicago, as a guest of her daughter,Mrs. Offutt Boardman, and Mr. Boardman. Misses Frances Clay and Margaret Willis have returned from avisit, to Miss Louise Kohlass, inWinchester.Miss Anna Washburn has returned to her home in Winchester,after a visit to Mrs. Maria White,in this city:Mrs. W. H. Cannon and littledaughter, Anna Elizabeth, are visiting relatives in Montgomery, Nicholas and Mason counties.Mr. Coleman Renick left thismorning for Chicago, where he willattend the University of Illinoisduring- the school term of 1917-'18.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,Sr., Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Scott andMiss Mary Ellen Scott were gueststhis week of Mr. and Mrs. Henry V.Thompson, in Winchester.Georgetown News: "Mrs. JesseAlverson and little sons, Lassing andJ. M., Jr., have returned from a delightful week's stay with Mr. andMrs. Lewis Rogers, near Paris."Mrs. Howard B. Carr and littleson, Charles, .who have been guestsof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesP. Mann, in this city, leave to-dayfor their home at Harlan, Ky., whereMr. Carr is manager for the CombsSupply Co.Mrs. J. J. Dickey continues critically ill at the Methodist parsonagein Hutchison. On account of her illness, Rev. Dickey, who was recentlyassigned charge of the congregationof the East Maysville church, hasbeen unable to leave her.Mrs. W. E. Pinnell and son, Mr.Spencer Pinnell, and daughter, MissRuth Pinnell, Mrs. C. B. Nelson,vdaughter, Miss Anna Nelson, andson, Mr. Chas. B. Nelson, Jr., ofWinchester, composed a motor partywho were recent guests of Mr. andMrs. Charles Pinnell; near Paris.Miss Margaret Allen and Mr.Julian Allen, of Millersburg, and Mr.'Harvey Rogers, of Paris, were guest3at a farewell dance .given in Winchester by Mr. Theodore Phillips.After the dance at Elks' Hall theguests were taken to the home of Mr.Phillfps, where refreshments wereserved.. Mr. Edward Turner and son,Mr. Harmon Turner, are guests atOil Springs. The Springs Hotel isenjoying an unusually good patronage for the late season. The hotelis now under the' management ofMrs. Hodgkin, daughter of Mr.Ewell Renaker, of Paris. xIt hasbeen one of the most popular resorts this summer in this section ofthe State. v.(Other Personal? on Page 5.)IS 1 ISMILD WINTER PREDICTED BYWEATHER PROPHETS.Local weather forecasters, who lookto nature for indications as to whatto expect for the future, are 'predicting a mild winter this time.These forecasters say the absenceof nuts of all kinds, such as hickorynuts, walnuts and even to acorns, isone sure sign that a mild -winter isahead, or else nature would surelyhave provided these' things to feed thesquirrels and other animals which eatthem. The 'crop of all sorts of nutsis scarcer this year than has beenknown in a long time. Furthermore,tliere are said to be practically nodogwood balls; the shuck on the cornis exceptionally thin, and otherthings all point to anything but arigorous winter.M Tfti 1MAS0N COUHTY CLAIMS OUR"SMOOTH" CITIZEN.The Maysville .Independent . makesthe following reference to the"smooth citizen" who recently escaped from the Paris jail:"Grover Cleveland Morgan, theboy who escaped from the Paris,Ky., jail a few days ago by greasing his body with soap and crawling through a small hole, is a Mason county man and was called forthe draft, but failed to report tothe local board for the physical examination." MAYSVILLE MAYOR FINED.In the Maysville Police Court,Tuesday, a jury fined Mayor J. Wesley Lee $10 and 'costs for violating astreet traffic ordinance. The Mayorwas convicted of running his autopast a street car while the latterwas discharging passengers.GREAT.FAITH;m CHAMBERLAIN'SCOIIO ANB DIRRHOEATREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was' used by. my father abouta year ago' whtmHe ha'diuTfioeajIt relieved him immediately and' bytaking thre dcvhevTOjtfoutelycured. He has great faith t thisremedy," write Mra. W.H. 'WinltmsSUnley.'N. Y. ,? ' (et4T"TheFiveTire"A Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.VOLUNTEERS SOJJGB? TO AID INFOOD ADMINISTRATION. vFred M. Sackett, Federal Food Administrator for Kentucky, has established an office in the Speed Building, 315 Guthrie street, Louisville,and is perfecting his organization.The food administration of Kentucky will be dependent in largemeasure upon volunteer workers, andmen from every county in the Stateare invited to tender their services.Big SpecialFor SaturdayPure Pork SausagePork Chops. ....... .Psork RoastBest SteakRib RoastChuck SteakCountry BaconLard..Picnic Hams...30c30c....3'Oc.... G i20c20c30cjQ.i . . . siCBreakfast Bacon ; 40cSanitary Meat MarketWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!JAngel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"ZWMM8S ftS$fa fPtK f?Si-m rpq,3Wp&MflRGOLENSWhy It Costs Less to.These Tires On YourBecause of their supreme mileage-giving qualities.For United States Tires are the standards of low mileage cost.That is why their sales continue to forge ahead year by year,,month by month..That is why users of United States Tires last year are stillusers of United States Tires this year.That is why, sooner or later, you, too, will be a user of United.States Tires.Ask the nearest United States Tire dealer which one of thefive is suited to your needs of price and use. 'United States TiresAre Good TiresA Tire for Everv Need of PrrV nnj it'Royal Cord 'Nobby' 'Chain 'Usco'E??cL'Srfrfc TUBES and TIRE ACCESSORIES Have All the Sterling Worth and Wearthat Make United States Tires SupremeAlso tire for motor trucks, motor cycles,bicycles, and aeroplanesX Superiorzrr --1i The Name Tells a True Story i :, ; i; !!. '. - ' 1 . ' Ml?) I o?' Jlssssisllllfc I ! fstiRIsasSBsBlBsssiBBBIBBBspBk sBlsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssMsssssslsss isssfr sssssssssssssssssssl ' 1i &W V WW WK W W wMm-Double .Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent ti ash from catching betweendisc and wheel., Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so gra.ss seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety LeversTak? up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.tC. "S.Cor. Fourth and('BALLEven Sowing Means Even GrowingVi...... ,.......BEOS.ARitft 8HOPPrempt' and CourteotMAtteritfen Wv -jf:,r-f:rr:r f"f.&: .vj&m:mfrtV'j ' sT"f5SHaWOiVCarvm'Plain'Features.WheimottjtA3vous. tired, worried or despond el jt(kfcPILLS; vTney.reiMw tke aoraial Y)rWBtrWsJTMMHGARAGE1'-intitmi i!rrV4tii-I'Ir5hot jureTftkZ "",-v''V-z&'K- -wAi-'j? -ty'iff,.! S iAi, ,M4?-'sv:-'---'3'--ivy.'hVFRIDAY; SBFnafiBEIC SW-1mlGEF0I)R.a-THEBOURBDNNEWSCiUblithed 188136 Yearstlnions Publication.of Con-Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.BEAMS -BIG ASSET IN SOLDIER'SMAKEUP.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.).WHAT THE RAILROADS ARE DOING.One question which some of thecritics of the railroads have . raisedis, since it has Been possible sogreatly to increase the efficiency ofthe railways since we entered thewar, why could not this have beendone before? There are severalanswers to that question. In thefirst place, if before we got into thewar the chief executives of all ourrailways had met in Washington andpublicly resolved, in, the interest ofmaximum efficiency, to eliminate allcompetition and to operate their linesin the future as a single system, andhad then proceeded to appoint acommittee of five men to see thatthe resolutions were carried out,they all would have found themselves in jail, for the action of therailways was in direct, open violation of the Sherman anti-trust lawand would not have been toleratedexcept as a move made in a greatcrisis to help, not' the railways,themselves, but the nation.In the second place, it is possihle to get most railway officers andemployees they being patrioticAmerican citizens like the rest ofus to exert themselves far morestrenuously to increase efficiencywhen they realize that in doing sothey are patriotically serving theirjcountry in. a great emergency thanit was possible to get them to whenthey felt that they were merely serving the railway companies.Third, in this crisis it has beenpossible to secure from shippers andctSsigaees an amount of co-operationin" loading' and "unloading carspromptly, and in loading them heavier, far surpassing what could havebeen secured under normal conditions, for shippers and consigneesalso are patriotic citizens, and assuch anxious t'o contribute in everyway they can to the winning of the.war. ,The, railroads are getting theirfull share of the high cost of living.Wages, cost of supplies and everything else have been greatly increased. It is only necessary tomention two items a steel hopperbottom freight car which threeyears ago cost $800 to-day costs$2,500. A pallet locomotive whichthree .years ago cost $36,000 to-daycoats 102,000. '1 m "DEEDED IN THE WA& ON TTJBER-'--'CULOSIS.That all the world should knowthat tuberculosis is a preventable andoften a curable disease.That by the observance of certainsimple rules many valuable lives maybe saved and millions of dollars in,waste prevented.That more people die of it than ofall the preventable diseases combinedsolely because of ignorance or carelessness. That a more rigid housing lawshould be enforced in the cities andno house be permitted to be builtwhich does not provide for a freecirculation of air.That sanitary rules be observedUnder heavy penalties.That the State hall provide, forone or more tuberculosis sanatoria.That every county shall build oneand provide for the employment of apublic health nurse.That a course of hygiene be taughtin every public school and the ruleslaid down for the prevention and cureof tuberculosis be impressed on thepupils.vThat promiscous" spitting be made aMailable offense.That every good citizen should getbehind every effort to combat man'smost lmstatiate enemy.That teachers, preachers and publicyeakers generally aid in the dissemination of the knowledge that thecure of the disease is largely in thevictim's own hands.Tkat.aJ strong pull, a long pull anda pull altogether will go far towardsrmdttftttag a scourge more to befrd tkaa yellow fever, cholera orwThe man of frail body and keenmind is a better soldier than the bigstrong fellow of dull brain, says awriter in War. That is the conclusion of France's war chiefs after almost three years of observation. Thesix-footer, having 200 pounds ofbrawn, may look more impressive inuniform, but the the wiry chap witha quick mentality is the better fighting man, experience would seem toprove. That does not mean, of course,that all men of frail build are smart.Nor that all the big fellows are dull.It is merely a general standard bywhich soldiers can be measured, andshould be a source of comfort tothousands of men who are possessedof excellent mental equipment, butwho have felt that they were poorlyendowed by nature for the rough business of soldiering.Life in the trenches has shown thatthe man who can think will mostquickly adapt himself to his circumstances, and not only endeavor tomake the best of them, but to improvehis condition, which is the importantthing. He also bears up better underan intense fire, close observers say.This is explained in the theory thatmen given to thought are able to layhold of pleasant images from the past,or bright hopes for the future, andturn their thoughts away from thehorror of the present. But the manof brute strength and small mentalpowers is inclined to let his trenchgo as he found it, and to rail againstfate instead of striving to pump outthe water and make himself an underground home. And when the supreme moment comes blind fear hasbeen found to assial those of low intelligence much quicker than the manof intellect. The nearer a soldier isto the animal, says the psychologistsof war, the more inclined he is to become a victim of cowardice. It is theprimitive instinct to run rather thanfight, which distinguishes all except avery few animals. But like the animals, the soldier of meager mentalpowers will fight furiously when driven to it.The training which the Frenchsoldier undergoes is more comprehensive than that of any other fightingman among the Entente nations. Itis probable the French schedule willbe followed closely by America's newarmies, and instruction may be partly given by French officers.,The first step in the making of apoilu includes the usual drill groundmaneuvers and thorough instructionin trench making. This includes theconstruction of offensive and defensive trenches, communicating trenches, dugouts, observation stations, underground ammunition storehousesetc. Each man must learn to dig asection of trench about seven feetlong, six feet deep and. four to fivefeet wide in the shortest possibletime. This question of time Js thevital consideration, and instructionofficers urge recruits to strenuous,effort.It takes from two to three monthsbefore a man can drill witli fair satisfaction and dig a trench in workmanlike manner. In the same periodhe also goes through a series of athletic exercises intended to hardenhim. Then comes training in thethrowing of grenades, one art of warin which Americans should excel.Grenade throwing requires a nice eyeand a quick, accurate delivery.Christie Mathewson, please apply.After the drilling, the digging andthe grenade throwing follows a finalintensive period of traiAing in thefiner points of war, covering allphases of life in the trenches, underfire, at charge and so on. Theselast instructions completed, the poiluis ready for the front. There bismanhood receives the test. Mostoften it is the quick-witted but undersized chap who takes the enemy'sguns and proves himself the masterspirit of The Great Adventure War.Tbfct; you secure f ree of chargei roaJDrr W.,3. Hieser, Secretary of vtieTmwraifortw rcmmiigionr atlIsmjpMstr V giving ttrt MtMLf fcrwrtflMBt a4 if afXett iMctt it at ;, a.sr' " r '.- 'matrimonial..The day has been set for a marriage in Paris, the engagement ofthose most 'concerned having beenfor- some time an open secret thoughnot announced Information fromthe inner circles whispers the date,but', as yet "mum's the word" 'concerning it.lea m 1REAL ESTATE DEALS.A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr." John H.Moran and Miss Willie McNamara;both of Paris. The prospectivegroom is a son of Mr. Thomas Moran,formerly of Paris, and a brother ofMrs. James E. Craven and Mr. JamesMoran, of Paris.y The bride-elect is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. James McNamara, Sr.,of" Paris, and is one of the day operators in the local exchange of theCumberland Telephone Co. She is asister of Messrs. John and James McNamara, Jr., of Paris, and Mrs. B.Frank Goodman, of Peru, Indiana.SMITH BRADLEY.The marriage of Mr. N. H. Bradley, of this city, to Miss Irene Smith,of Taylorsville, took place Saturdayat -the home of the bride's parents,Mr. and Mrs. James H. Smith, in thatcity, who are former residents ofParis. The groom is engaged in thewholesale manufacturing business inthis city.Mr. Douglas Thomas, Jr., bought ofMr. Allie Perkins, this week the latter's cottage on Lilleston avenue, fora private price.Samuel Houston and Carl Joneshave purchased at private sale of theheirs of Mrs. Angle Current, theirfarm of 150 acres, located on the Centerville and Jacksonville pike, for$210 per acre. 'A modernbrick garage will beerected by Mr. JSohn T. Hinton onthe. site of the old storage house atthe corner of High and Tenthstreets. The garage will be used tohousethe motor vehicles of the J. T.Hinton Co. Steel trusses will doaway with using posts in the building. The contract has been awarded to Sherman Owens.- Messrs1.. John Yearsley and son,of Bourbon county, sold their farmof seventv-four acres, located nearthe Bourbon-Harrison line, to Mr.Ttnht. Smedlev. of Lexington. tubasale was made through the Garnett& Robinson agency, of Cynthlana.Aucioneer Geo. D. Speakes returned.from Shelsyville yesterday, where he.conducted 'successful sale of fcelaxmslrais and stock, crop, etc., Je-:longing to the estate of the late SenMillett. The fine farm .of 531 acres,located near Fairfield, was sold privately to Mr. George Williams, ofWincliesteiv-for a-price; not given out.Hoiuekqlcl goods,, stock,, crop, andiarik-imfliiiiU all brought ood-rftHM. Thr irai, large crpwainatttwftaace, making the biddimg spir-KELLER SMITH.- The marriage of Miss Janie Keller and Mr. Jefferson Henry Smith,both of Paris, was quietly celeb'ratedat thehome of the bride's mother,Mrs. Anna E. Thompson, on Seventhstreet, Wednesday afternoon at 5:30o'clock, Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the ParisChristian church officiating.Only the immediate friends witnessed the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.Smith, after receiving congratulations, left on the- 6:30 train for abridal trip, their destination not being made known. Upon their returnthey will reside temporarily withMrs, Thompson, and will later go tohousekeeping.The bride is a charming and cultured young woman, a sister of Mrs.'Ada Thompson Henry, of Seventhstreet. The groom is an operator inthe office of, the Chief. Dispatcher ofTrains at the local headquarters andis a young man of worth and integrity. The following announcements havebeen Issued:"Mrs. Anna E. Thompson announces the" marriage of her -daughter,Janie Keller, .to Mr. Jeff HoneySmith, Wednesday, .September thenineteenth, nineteen 'hundred andseventeen, Paris, Kentucky. AtHome after October the tenth, Paris,Ky."fe IS 151BEAUTIFUL AND STYLISH MILLINERY FOR OLD AND YOUNG.The most exquisite patterns inearly Fall millinery for the younglady, the middle aged , woman andthe old lady. From the - extremestyle to xne moaest aesigns in uauusome hats for the street and dress-upwear will be shown every day at ourstore during the rest of the season.(21-2t) MRS" CORNE W. BAIRD.TS -fe IB-4 NREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Aglsm l mAWNING CATCHES FIRE PROM. LIGHTED CIGARETTE.A lighted cigarette carelesslytossed from a window above set fireto the -awning in front of Craven'sconfectionery and fruit store, onMain street Wednesday afternoon alr"most completely destroying jit.. Thefire department responded to analarm from Box 18 and extinguishedwhat the flames had spared.8i Hi HiFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.JEWISH HOLIDAYS CLOSE." ? ':STOCK, CROP, ETC;''M''l't'l 1 1 1'-Mfl ll4 1 1 1 ri Mllti-m lll 1 1 llltMvH. S. Cay wood shipped 17 carsof fat cattle from Richmond thisweek and 11 cars from Paris toSwift & Co., Chicago. He paid 12cents for the-lot.Caywood & McClintock sold thisweek 31 feeders-to A. B. Hancockat 9 cents, 28 to Woodford Bucknerat 9 cents, 30 to John Woodford at9 cents, and. 30. to Tom Buckner at8 cents.Caywood, Smith & McClintocksold 12 mules Saturday to Gentry& Thompson at ?200 per head, 2 toJ. M. Irby, of South Boston, Va., at$425 for the pair. They bought 21head of horses and .mules at fromSldfo to $200 a heao. at Mt. Sterling,Monday.sFifty-one steers selling at $17per hundred, pounds Wednesday atthe Kansas City market establishedthe highest price ever paid west ofthe Mississippi river. The cattleaveraged 1,447 pounds.A fine steer that had been "struckand. knocked down by an automobileis at the farm of Mr. Gano Hildreth,near this city, awaiting a claimant.The steer will weigh 1,200 pounds.Two girls in a big automobile, ranthe animal down, and passed on. Mr.Hildreth coming along shortly after,had the animal removed Jo his farm.m TTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T: HINTON,(augl0-tf) Mayor.ttFRANK "& CO:v' The Reliable StoreWanted at Once!Carpenters to set up store fixtures.Good wages paid. Apply L. H.KRESS & CO., New 25c Store, MainStreet, Paris, Ky. (21-2t-pd) eAdministrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of John Allen will pleasepresent same properly proven according to law to the undersigned forpayment.. s E. J. ALLEN, Adm'r.(3t-F-pd) Lexington, Ky.fl-r 'tn - r -i i r' '"'-" ANNOUNCE lTHEY, ARE NOW SHOWING 'JThe Latest ModesINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenySerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and MissesCoats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenXSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette WaiststFOR SCHOOL .GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK & GO4iini 1 1 r m 4 h tiiiiniiimiiHi4 WV..The holiday and religious serviceswhich have- been observed in thiscity by the orthodox Jews in celebration of Rosh Hashana the JewishNew Year were closed at sunsetTuesday, and the business houses ofthose of the Jewish faith which had ,been closed were again opened.At sunset on next Tuesday theceremonies connected with the observance of Yom Kippur, the JewishDay of Atonement, will begin, andwill continue until sunset on Wednesday. ' The business houses of, theJewish citizens will be closed againon those days.A PERSON OF IMPORTANCE.(Answers.)Johnny had only just .started toschool, and on the third morning hewas late in getting up, JWhen he came home in the middleof theday his mother said:"Weren't you late for school thisjnornisg?" ,O.Vno. mother! "'.eirala.lmeil. Jolrnnv."Not laU?Why, you didn't -ieate;hopLe till after ?. -What were theotker children: doing when "you gotthrt'' .. ".-..-VThey wtre just alU sitting stillwaitjmg till I'got there! " y v '.Seyeo Days Big Specials!;The Busy Bee Cash Store.Beginning Saturday, Sept. 22Closing Saturday, September 29Our; Best Patent Flouruownto!MAOO per oarrei in cotton, $1.50 per 24-poundPure Rio CoffeeDown to 1 6 2-3 cents a pound.Arbuckles CoffeeAt 20 cents a pound; -. "- ; -.,r ' Best Gun Powder Tea "Worth $ 1 .OO, cut down to 0 cents per pound.Fine Chicken FeedAt $4,00 per 1 0O pounds, or 6 pounds for 25 cents.Best Table SyrupAt SS cents per gallon, or 43 cents per half gallon.Best Double Dip Matches, full count, at 5 cents a box. ':-' Lenox Soap 5 ,. -- Last chance, at 5 cents a bar. ,;"Rub No More" Washing PowderLarse package at Scents.V-$$'fcVVTHESEPRICES ARE FOR SPOT CASH ONLY IBUS Y BEE CASH STORE:- '. V; PARIS, KENTUCKY r-'V :MIIiHMIIIIiliiiittMi9pftj. . -.'-.w L.L-'Jl-:JL-2 --J- - Jly'1-Z -jir - - I - 1ml -tV;- ;-. - jjf ..-,., vis",ii--4.'k j?;jfe1&,'vL.""iff"t-n v- r -- '. "rrr- r ,'.-"&"'- '.r - t - i -C j,' j.4FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1917.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.page ramKSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.imCKFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY SEED.We have a limitedsupply of OhioGrownEulfcz Wheat of veryfine Quality. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed, all recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO(septl4-7t)TAXICAB SERVICE.Call Fordham Hotel, Cumberlandphone 10 2 5-J, for quick taxicab service. Careful chauffeur and promptresponse to calls. (21-2t))ss yk i fIN APPELLATE COURT.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, in the case of Weil,Roth & Co. vs. City of Paris, fromBourbon, record was filed, the appellant filed brief, the case was advanced and submitted on the appellee's motion.IE: S ISTHE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.For reliable schoolFeld's Shoe Store.E3 IS Pashoes, go to(11-ft)BO YOU KNOW.$5,00(K Aetna automobile personalpolicy costs only $10?A. J. FEE, Agent.13 is TSCLASS IN SURGICAL DRESSING ATCYNTHIANA.Mrs. May Sioner Clay, of Paris, isinstructing a class in surgioal dressing in Cynthiana. The class numbers sixteen, and all are quite enthusiastic about the work. Mrs. Claywill give five lessons.m m 1TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.-! An examination of white teachersfor State and county certificates willbe held to-day and to-morro Fridayand Saturday, September 21 and-22,in the office of Miss Mabel Rohbins,County Superintendent of Schools, inthe court house.- HilihTO ABMINISTER ESTATE.Mrs. Stella Linville has been appointed by-the. County .Cour.t as administratrix of the estate of her husband, the late Mr. Lee Linville., ,Mrs.Linville qualified for the trust by furnishing bond in the penal sum of ?1,-000, with Mr. Earl Linville as surety.Messrs. Robert 0. Turner, Wm.Brannock and W. T. Caywood wereappointed to appraise the estate.Wiapanone :but THE BEST.Boys shoes that are guaranteed togive wear.(21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.JPICEUNG TIME PICKLING IN-GREBIENTS.V;rt-oUUUIUIgQand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.green and hot peppers,and vinegar for makingMake your pickles now.C.P. COOK & CO.Red,spicespickle.(It)GRANB OPERA HOUSE UNBERGOING HOUSECLEANING.Painters and decorators have hadthe Paris Grand Opera House in theircare during the past two weeks, andhave transformed it seemingly froman old to a new house. The fronthas been treated to a new coat oipaint, while the lobby has been repainted in a pleasing straw color.Other improvements have been madein the interior of the house, whileothers are contemplated, which willmake this one of the neatest playhouses in Central Kentucky.' NOT ENOUGH WOOLTo supply this country is whatyou hear on all sides yet we adhere to our All Wool Policy in ourFall clothes.' Nothing but wool here-?15 t0 ?35'J. W. DAVIS& CO.FALL STYLES NOW ON BISPLAY.Mrs. A. B. Davis, of Covington,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dale,and other Paris friends.Mr. Newton Taylor, Jr., left yesterday to attend the Culver MilitaryInstitute, at Culver, Indiana.Judge H. Clay' Howard returnedWednesday night from an extendedbusiness trip to New York City.Miss Hough, of Paris, has takena position as stenographer in thelaw office of Talbott & Whitley.Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Mansfieldreturned Wednesday from a ten-days'sojourn at Martinsville, Indiana.Mrs. C. E. McCord has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto Mrs. Nellie Gilbert, in Winchester. Mr. George B. Minter, who wasinjured last Monday by a fall froma scaffold while at work, is improving. Mr. Minter is able to walkaround his room.Mrs. Robert Downing has returned to her home in Mason county,after a visit to Mrs. GertrudeSmoot and Mrs. William Remington, on Eighth street.Mr. Clarence Wetherall, formerly of Paris, who is now located inDetroit, Mich., encloses his subscription to THE NEWS, as "the best paper published in Central Kentucky."Miss Annie Berry, of St. Petersburg, Florida, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, on Stoneravenue. Miss Berry has been spending .the summer in Bay View, Mich.,and is returning home for the winter.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. LonCurran visited her daughter, Mrs.John Mattox, at Paris, last week.Miss Luella Tebbs, of Cincinnati, who has been visiting relativeshere, has gone to Paris to visit hersister, Mrs. Kiser Smith."Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, Mr. A. L.Boatright, Mr. Wm. O. Hinton andMrar Wm. M. Talbott attended theState Convention of the Christianchurch, which has been in sessionat Campbellsville, for several days.Mr. Howard Cooper, of Cynthiana, who was injured in the automobile accident on the Cynthianapike, near Paris, Sunday night, andwho has been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, sincethen, is greatly improved and hasbeen removed to his home. tMiss Mary Fithian Hutchraft, ofParts, was one of the guests at abreakfast given in Georgetown, Wednesday, by Miss Katherine Rucker, inhonor' of Miss Frankie AllisonThompson, a bride-to-be in thismonth. During the five-course repastserved, many loving- toasts weredrunk to the popular brideelect. 'The Frankfort State Journalsays: "It will be of interest to hisfriendshere to inow that Mr. Douglas Clay, of Paris, has been acceptedfois, service- in Dr. Davifr v Barrow'sbase hospital corps No. 40, and willleave shortly with the division forFrance. Mr. Clay is well known hereamong members of the younger set."Mr. Henry A. Power, of Paris,representing the Bourbon County Y.M. C. A., was one of the guests ofhonor at a dinner conference givenat the Methodist church in Cynthiana, Tuesday evening by the Cynthiana War Work Council. The otherguests were members of Y. M. C. A.who are promoting Christian work inarmy camps.Miss Mary Brannon, daughterof Mr. -and Mrs. Thomas F.Brannon; formerly of Paris, entertained at her home on Forest avenue,in Lexington, .Tuesday afternoon, inhonor of Miss Mary Sullivan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jere Sullivan,formerly of Centerville, whose -marriageto Mr. Thomas Thronton, ofRochester, New York, took placeyesterday. The party was a linenshower in honor of the young brideelecU The gifts were hung on--ribbon clothes-line, and presented toTvriod Sullivan bv the hostess. MissBrannon was assisted in entertainingby her mother, Mrs. T. F. Brannon,and her sister, Miss Bernadette Brannon. Delicious refreshments wereserved. Among the guests attendingwere the following from Paris:Misses Katherine Lyons, MargaretShea, Elizabeth Toohey, MayeShannon, Nora Rourke, ElizabethGregory, Mary Elizabeth Dean, Rosalia Santen, Mrs. John McCarthyand Mrs. Richard Rippetoe.(Other Personals on Page 3.)RELIGIOUS.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hqld an allday meeting at the manse on Duncanavenue next Tuesday, Sept. 25.The Presbyterian church willhold services in the court house, Sunday morning at 10:45 and in theevening at 7:30,. conducted by thepastor, RevT J. J.' Rice. The morning subject will be, "A Message tothe Afflicted." The evening subjectwill be, "Blind Bartimeus."The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet inthe ctmrt house Sunday evening at6:45. The subject will be, "How WeShould Work Together." Leader,Miss Aileen Sauer. The public iscordially invited to attend.A unanimous call from theParis Baptist church to Rev. R. C.Goldsmith to take charge of the pastorate here has been extended andwill probably be accepted. Rev.Goldsmith, who is a pulpit orator ofgreat power and eloquence and asuccessful minister, is at present pastor of the Millersburg Baptistchurch.T 15a )saCALL A TAXICAB!When you want to make a hurryup call, phone the Fordham Hotel,Cumberland telephone 102 5-J. Taxicab service. Calls promptly answered. (21-2t)1 ISTHIS FOR SLACKERSWhile many Paris and Bourboncounty women will be grieving tomorrow over the departure of theirboys far the army camps, there isone Paris girl who is mourning because her steady company proved tobe a "slacker" and would not respond to his country's call. No persuasion would induce him to forsake his home place, while othermen as good or better than he, weregladly going to the service. When heasked to call last night as usual, hewas met at the door by the youngwoman who handed him a card uponwhich was written these lines:"Oh, woman, who will watch yourloved ones leaveWith those in kahki clad, your painwill be blissTo mine, for he I love, no sacrificeHas offered of himself. It is for thisIn deep humilitation I must grieve'The slacker quietly slunk away,and it & said that there will be noopen door at that home for himagain.to to to: THE LATEST SHABES.iTans, the new lighter shades, thestandard browns, the new customtie all with heels to please you. ,(21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.to to toSEND US ONE GRAIN!A Brooklyn chemist claims to haveinvented an explosive which is tenthousand times as powerful as dynamite. He says that five grains of itwould biow up the Woolworth building, and tnat it is not expesive tomake.We are going to petition the inventor to please send up one grain ofthis explosive. This quantity placeduncfer a bunch of these noisy flivvers,which, run with cut-outs wide openwould-tend to have a quieting effect!! ADVANCECommencing to-day our Fall stylesof select millinery will be on .display and ready for inspection to theladies of Paris and Bourbon county.We will have no opening, but everyday from now on during the season.... n t, fttrorvthine that willappeal to the smart dresser in FalLiand Winter millinery.(21-2t) MH5S. CORNE W. BAntD.ps pa toB0URB01T HAN IN NEW JERSEY CAHP. - uxrl -arm p. Fisher, of Paris,brought to this office yesterday apanoramic picture, which is now onexhibition in THE NEWS window,showing the Eleventh U.S. Telegraph & Telephone Battallion Company C, now stationed in camp atMonmouth Park, Little Silver, NewJerseyMrwFilier' son, Mr. Owen D.MsheV, of Paris, is a. member of thebatallio Tne picture : shows, as Ane.wttlr. JooMMfitot, ofvmen asvL- ir loak4 uob. TheTtoenmtkk a bramtk. of the serviceM0BEST PRICES IN FASHIONABLEMILLINERY.Every hat in our store is beautifuland handsome. You could not missit in picking out anything we haveon display. The prices are not nign,either, considering the high cost ofmaterials. The styles may be depended upon as being strictly correct.Something at all ages at variousprices to suit the customer.(21-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.-MARG0LEN PROPERTY S0LB.TTarris & Sneakes sold yesterday, atpublic auction, for Gus Margolen, administrator of the, estate of H. Margolen, the following pieces of property:The small farm of JO; acres -on meFord's Mill pike, to .Gus and HenselMargolen for $187.50 per acre.The business block on Main streetto us and Hansel Margolen for$8,450.The residence on Henderson streetwas bid to $2,100 and withdrawn.W.C. T. U. JfEETLTOAll feoriom'hfrM ofthe W. C. T. U.whotcaiL possibly flo. so; are j-equeetedj1 i-o.'a Tirtwaf lira JOTniVllO BU9CI. k vuo vr -"Myall,JFriday aftormoon? at z o'cmck,Children lovefc r the Victrolafrom earliest childhoodI the Victrola has a place in-cie lives oi xiic uiuui cu.Herely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction as' well as entertainment.x The Victrola gives correctformation to their musicaltastes by accustoming thqm1 to' music that is worth while.I . 'Come in and hearthe Victrola bringLthe children with youand let them enjoy it-itoo.$15 to $200ueasy terms if desired.ZZZtSlt lik tfct Sial Corps of 'to work om cohort ' bas, for thet-?r, ;v1 .DaughertyBros-CoatsL APPARELSuitsWaistsJ Millinery 'NOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSDressesIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying thesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced -$20.00 to $75.00Autumn Coats :Plush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn Dresses. In Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming immany new colors and materials; moderate in price. They,are x the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn Waists 'In Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !MARRYM"One Price To Allr:TimPNOW COMESTHE TIME OF YEAR TO PUTAWAY SUMMER CLOTHES!We Have Just Received Some BeautifulCEDAR CHESTS-ANDMATTING BOXESWe are also showing a very complete line of,-,it .f-vRUGSAt the Lowest Prices.TTHEJT.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE MOJOR INVALID COACH,-; - t- : iS;l ;'-.;jl' . J-T - -: v? Kri--:w J&EL" 'Sixth Atfb MAUN STS.'rf,j -v'y '..,IiaX"rl31a1fMi41ilj" -sa -"-.tVV ."I'l nl I ikb lyr A IIUALilui'isek i m. n. ir.i"nwe'" - "' v " v?bPParis; Keitttcky..,.1,s-tv.3 -' " Vs-v? -'jv "'0-- . .'-H-7. ;r- f- 'r'.1 . '-'i -.-v - r c-v" 't; JltoY, SEPtflMBKR 21, lflf.THE BOURB0N NEWS PARIS, EY. "WSrrw?" . ' . ..' ,- . - " ' - " ' -i; sLiRecommend Peruna ToAll SufferersOf Catarrh3 ' 'j BLVa!3 K' '--'I Do! NotThink II Ever FeltI MuchBetterlire. "William H. Hlnchliffe, No. 2QSTATE TAIE AWARDS TO BOUR-- BON housemen:Myrtle St, Beverly, Mass., -writes: 1have taken four bottles of Peruna,and I can say that it has done mea great deal of good for catarrh ofthe headand throat. I recommendPeruna to all sufferers with catarrh.I do not think I ever felt much better. I am really surprised at thework I can do. I do not think toomuch praise can be said for Peruna."Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.You. Don't Have to patriotism .to -n : taught inStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange;H Bj BBBBBBBB-aK Mam jauinn IISHbHbmbHI'vIsieBmBiiSBo BBBsBullilBssBSBQIfl I BBSBSBSwl BflBwHHilRiNSBBtfl1 1 BBBBBBMH Lufey3SigspSTjJSSBJBBBBBBBBS pfcMgiggj,-,m wA beautiful line of Garlands on dislay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)"BfllBBfB s 1 -THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.-The Home of Good CMSCHOOLS.Patriotism will be taught the people of the State at a State-wide campaign conducted during the last weekin September. The campaign is thebeginning of a patriotic educationalcampaign which is to last throughthe entire school term. Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilberthas sent letters to the -school superintendents and teachers, urging themto co-operate to make the campaigna success. The superintendents areurged to insist upon the teachersemphasizing history and civics morethis term than ever before in orderto develop better understanding ofthe great benefits and privilegesderived from living under a democratic form of government.Superintendent Gilbert also suggests that the teachers and childrenbe given one holiday during patriotic week in which to attend a patriotic rally.cXave2our1MS CVFor distinctive eye glassservice consult' us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.Wt Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow BIdg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING'mmkV&At. ... .7niirInnnnfI igtj . jiI I T I T I n t t i r i r t r t i 1 1 i r i i imniALJir r -r fir .uo iou want toBe a Success?The autobiography of everysuccessful man invariably tellshow he earned and saved hisfirst dollar.There's no telling what themorrow will bring forth. It isthe man with the ready cashthat is prepared for a businessopportunity,Isn't it a fact that cash inthe bank gingers you upDoesn't it give you confidence?See us about an account.Farmers & Tracers BanktVErliW, TrUmtt W. W. MITCH1LL, Cashier. .im.xaiUM6,B6)kkttfc. .mIti !U U U U :I -JlAt the State Fair, in Louisville,last week. Bourbon exhibitors asusual secured a large number ofawards on their live stock. John H.Marr, Letton Vimont, J. T. Jefferson.A. G. Jones, McCray Bros., Power &Best and K. K. Thomas, Jr., wereamon the successful exhibitors.Among the awards to local stockmanwere the following:Saddle And Harness Horses.Ring No. 88 The roadster championship, $500; roadster stallion,mare or gelding: Martha Wilson, McCray Bros., North Middletown, Ky.,first; Vernori Holt, R. E. Moreland,Lexington, second; Iosa the Great,John P. Crozer, Upland, Pa., third;Miss Actwell, W. S. Nicoll, Woodburn, Ky., fourth.Ring No. 89 Junior ChampionshipSaddle Stake; stallion, mare or gelding, 4. years old and under: Nobleman, W. S. Nicoll, first; CatherineHaynes, John P. Crozer, second; St.Cecilia, A. G. Jones & Son, NorthMiddletown, Ky., third; Sally America, Mrs. Loula Long Combs, KansasCity, fourth.Ring No. 90 Champion horses;three-gaited saddle horses; mare orgelding; Shadow Lawn, McCrayBros., first; Watchman, Hugh C. Willoughby, Lexington, second.Ring No. 80 Fine harness horses;mare, 4 years old and over : Rose ofKillarney, Kalarama Farm, first'; MyJanie; Power & Best, Paris, Ky., second; Katherine Douglas, Allen & Son,Richmond, Ky., third.Ring No. t82 Five-gaited saddlehorses; stallion J" 2 years old and under 3: Cabell King, T. J. Jones, NorthMiddletown, Ky., first; Richelist, Powhatan Stock Farm, second; R. E. Goddard, Harrodsburg, Ky., third.Ring No. 84 Fine harness horses;pair, regardless of sex; Jack Wardworth and mate, Power & Best, first;McDonald and mate, E. D. Moore, Columbia, Mo., second; KentuckyBeauty and Ileen William, Ray &Duff, third.Ring No. 86 Championship yearling Saddle Stake ; colt or filly, foal of1916: Blanchita, A. G. Jones & Son,North Middletown, Ky., first; Menocal,E. K. Thomas, Jr., Paris, Ky., second;Fair Acre's Precious Thing, Fair AcreFarm, Winchester, Ky., third; MaryDoll, Kalarama Farm, fourth.Letton Vimont won the first tie inthe plantation saddle horse ring, hisgreat four-year-old chestnut sorrelwalking horse, Blondie, easilycapturing the first money in this ring.Blondie is said by competent judgesto be about the best walking horse inthe country, and has been shown infive rings during. the past six weeks,capturing four first premiums.Best stable of horses owned orcontrolled by exhibitor, four ormore horses to constitute a stable,A. G. Jones & Son, third.Fine harness horses; stallion 2years xld and under 3 : Cabell King,T. J. Jones, North Middletown, Ky.,first; Past Master, E. K. Thomas,Jr., Paris, third.Fine harness; horses; stallion 3years and under 4; Highland Choice,McGray Broe., North Middletown,first.Stake for saddle-bred foal: A. G.Jones & Son's entry, first.Three-gaited saddle horses, mareand gelding, not exceeding 15 hands:Shadow Lawn, McCray Bros., first.World's Championship, $2,500,best 5-gaited stallion, any age: Admiral King, A. G. Jones, North Middletown, second.Combined Harness and Five-GaitedSaddle Horse, Mare, Any Age:Nickollette, McCray Bros., NorthMiddletown, second; S. Cecelia, A.G. Jones, North Middletown, third.Fine harness horses, mares, over1 year and under 2: Blanchita, A.G. Jones, North Middletown, first.Stake of saddle-bred foal; fillyfoal of 1917: Pauline Frederick, A.G. Jones, third.Five-gaited saddle horses; geldingunder 4 years old: Rector, A. G.Jones, first.Five-gaited Saddle Horses, stallion,3 years old and under 4: Highlands.Choice, McCray Bros., North Middletown, first.Runabout horses, mare or gelding:Jack Wadsworth, Power' & Best, ofParis, second.World's Championship, $2,500;best five-gaited saddle mare, anyage: St. Cecilia, A., G. Jones, NorthMiddletown, second ;Lady Beautiful,l. G. Jones, third.Combined harness and five-gaitedstallion, any age: Charming King,Power & Best, of Paris, third.Heavy harness horses, stallion,mare or gelding, 15.2 or over: Sister Ann, McCray Bros., North Middletown, second.Fine harness horses; geldings under 4 years old: Rector, A. G. Jones& Son, North Middletown, first.Championship stake for saddle-bredfoals; colt or filly, foal of 1917:Pauline Frederick, A. G. Jones &Son, third.Rockaway, depot wagon and coupe! CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDhorses'; mare or gelding not less than15.2: Sister Ann, McCray Bros.,North Middletown, second.Roadsters; mare 4 years old andover: Martha Washington, McCrayBros., North Middletown, second.Heavy harness horses, stallion,mare or gelding, under 15.2, JackWJadsworth, Powers & Best, Paris,first.Ring 102 Championship 3-Year-Old,Saddle Stake, Any Sex Highland Choice, McCray Bros., NorthMiddletown, second; Rector, A. G.Jones & Son, North Middletown,third.Ring 104 Fine Harness HorsesStallionrl year and under 2:Menocal,' E. K. Thomas, Jr., Paris,100 Five-gaited SaddleHorseiiH Mare 2 years and under 3:ClothUde, A. G. Jones & Son, NorthMiddletown, third.VWe have not deviated from our fixed one-chassis-modelpolicy.But we have refined and developed theMaxwell.The new compensating under-sluhg rearsprings mean comfort for you and preservationof your car.This is the type of spring used in the newestmodels of many of the highest priced cars.The wheel base is six inches longer theframe has been strengthened the windshieldsloped, the body lines made more graceful,and the body made roomier.But the Maxwell price stands at a figurewhich still makes it "the world's greatestmotor car value."HHbbbIHeu&I.kBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflHlBwPJsssW '9sWyL'RHHHHHflHHkBSBPjSmSSTomring Car $74S;urflBM . . . ifcfrafeclLA. V. DouglasHigh St., Near 8th Paris, Kentuckycustom, took away a number ofpremiums.Following are the awards in muleclasses:Horse Mule, 3 Years and OverFirst, John H. Marr, Paris.Mare Mule 1 Year and Under 2First, John H. Marr, Paris; third,John H. Marr, Paris.Mare Mule, 1 Year and Under 2Second, John H. Marr, Paris.- Mare Mule Under 1 Year First,J. T.' Jefferson, Paris; second, JohnH. Marr, Paris; third, John H.Marr, Paris.Mare and Mule Colt; Each toCount 50 Per cent.First, J. T. Jefferson, Paris; second, John H. Marr,Pairis; third, John H. Marr, Paris.CHAMPIONS.Horse Mule, Any Age First,John H. Marr, Paris.Mare Mule, Any Age First, JohnH. Marr, Paris,Pair of Mules In Harness, AnyAge, or Sex First, John H. Marr,ParisBest Three Mules, Any Age,Either Sex,- Owned, by ExhibitorSilver cup, JolnH. Marr, Paris.The Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.MULE RING.There was lots of quality in ,the.muie ana jck rwg& uaae iventucayState Fair and this departmentprotd, a JPfhlyantereetinr.xme .torjthe riiitori.- HPa number Htlfrring th competition was very clo.;joan Mftrr, o.near -fang, waggon;With LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of tEedisease. Catarrh is a local- disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to. curie ityou must take an Internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the- mucous surfaces ofc the .systern. & Hall's Catarrh Medicine; wasprescribed by one of the best, .plfysl'clans in this country for years. It iscomposed of some of the best tonjesknown, combined with some 'oitthebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingrediehtsInHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Spld by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills-, for constipation. -(sept-ady) .Paris' Kentucky."v?3-.V-$It is surprising hQWWarata:'atfrate mmn is when there isn't anyI Ii I! Telephone No. 4.I Bourbon IhiA MAN ANDA T-71 BSSSSkrtsssBV i rm" - .rj-, ,., .'im&wmXB&mtiiQMriejMriiMW Hiwi nioni- '".-'' "' J fc - , i SBBBBB eBBBBBJSVVvWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work jtaferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.LaundryHIS WIFETTiaV hnt.ri rloi117A ann'aanfi'Anby having their-worn and soiledgannentfc cleaned "by us. Thecost is nominal, while'the pleasureof. wearing old; clothe thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j AcAbphuf., : vMJWr??ldani.' ,- ;;;-WV.h'-.-,1 4 ? ?s c. -,""C -'T" "' - 'l- '-s .i?43-A.? A ,X-,.A vM;FRIDAY,, SEPTM52.v -t.im,yTW43P Ww NEws, PA'RIsrKT,r?&i1,.!,TCsr"j ,I1WOMAN SICKTWO YEARSADVANCE NEWSCould Do NoNow StrongMan.Work.as aChicago, 111. "For about two yearsI suffered from a female trouble so Iwas unable to walkjiymmiyor do any of my ownOF FALL FASHIONSCONSERVATISM IS THE KEYNOTEOF THE DAY.ENTER THE HIGH COLLAR.NEW YORK, Sept. 17.work. I read about r "Fashion will out" is a new ndnn-LydiaE. Pinkham'a tation of an old saying that is per-nnnnd in thp nZ" P"7 tFUe theSe dayS f StrenUOUS-$LmJ SeTe?: h?; hion has ever sh0WI1 her:mined to try it. It ' self to an ever-ready ally of patribrought almost im- j otism, and it is with the slogan ofmediate relief. My "Preparedness" that she has adweakness has en- .vanced ideas for the fall wnrrtrnhotirely disappearedand I never had better health. I weigh165 pounds and am as strong as a man.I think money is well spent .which purchases Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound." Mrs. Jos. O'Bryan, 1755Newport Ave., Chicago, 111.The success of Lydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Compound, made from rootsand herbs, is unparalleled. It may beused with perfect confidence by womenwho suffer from displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, periodic pains, backache, bearing-down feeling, flatulency, indigestion, dizziness,and nervous prostration. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the standard remedy for female ills.of the Woman Patriotic.The windows along Fifth Avenueare filled to overflowing with all thelatest designs of the fashion world.There are smart dresses to be wornon the street without a coat, there arestunning coats, and there are suits toplase the most fastidious. So, yousee, we can all plunge into the planning of our wardrobes with the assurance that the styles of early autumnare ready for our inspection.Conservatism is the keynote, conservatism developed to the nth degree. A charming example was ablue serge and satin dress I saw theother day. The narrow skirt was ofsatin, with a tunic of the sergeslashed in front. Instead of a collar,Any man who Is looking for trouble there was a band of white Herculescan usually nd it by rubbing the braid following the line of the surwrong way the first man lie meets. I plice closing. This square meshedof acquiring a practical education, i braid takes the exact shape of theT. W. SPICERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FallRushMain Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONES 'G. W. DAVIS, Funeral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.JDay Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.bias collar, making it especiallysuitable for this use. ,iSide Drapery Versus StraightSilhouetteThe side drapery and the straightsilhouette are still battling for su?premacy. The long tunic 'is particularly smart for the walking costume. The biege serge dress illustrated here is stunning, each detailbeing carefully worked out as toImmmmmUfmm'mM0f::ccax.iiWhen the Tunic Points the WaytoSlimnessmake a perfect whole. The long,tight sleeves are quite a feature thisautumn. The novel shaping of thecollar, the use of tassels instead ofbuttons, and the touch of embroidery on the skirt, all make for thatdistinction so eagerly sought by thewoman of taste.Heroes and ColoringsJust at present there is quite avogue in Paris for naming the suitsand dresses after prominent Americans. Wilson, Pershing, Roosevelt'and Lincoln havo all been so honored! In the lovely new colors decreed by Fashion they are quite irresistible. Gray, in every shade, isfashionable. Smoke, mist, steel,chinchilla and the gray browns,such as castor and beaver, are thedominating colors for street costumes.Munition gray, rut br.own, and terracotta are especially smart, I saw acharming dress, at one of the bighotels the other evening, of champagne-coloredjersey cloth combinedwith raven-blue satin. Indeed, ihesoftness of the vivid autumn colorings is one of the most strikingthings about the present mode. Ofcourse, our national colors are displayed everywhere, but not so obviously as at first. We are using agreat many of the different shades ofred and blue, so that one need not godressed as the American flag in orderto "show one's colors."Seads and More BeadsEverything is beaded, from slippersto hats and back again. It is not"really surprising, for the effect gained by a handful of beads in harmonious colorings against a somber background is delightful. Tube-shapedbeads are the latest arrivals. Some-' 3BE aa HLS'vH?IIIInsideEmployments..ESI Time . )r&3 Merciless Father Time mows ifcvjrdown scantily painted buildings.His scythe cuts deep into unprotected boards. He slashesconstantly, day' and night, allyear round. He wins. The buildings lose.Paint which will blunt the edge of Time'sscythe, and be an armor protection for thebuildings, is Dutch Boy While-Lead thinnedwith linseed pil and tinted any color desired.This paint is all-weatherproof-- proof against blistering sun, drenching rain, piercing -wind, snow and sleet.It will add long life and beauty to your buildings, andneither crack nor scale.'Come to us for paint materials of the lasting kind andfor good advice on painting, for jobs big or -little,Dutch BoyAnchorWhite-LeadC. A- DAUGHERTY"vV.ITft!Enlist today in the great industrial SERVICE ARMYof the nation. BACK UP the boys who have goneto the FRONT. They will need food, clothing, guns,ammunition, aeroplanes, and countless other suppliesand necessities of various kinds. Here is an opportunity for you who must stay at, home, toDo Your Bitfor your country, and at the same time earn a profitable livelihood. Inside employment for steady, able-bodied men canbe had in numerous Indianapolis factories now engaged onGovernment Contractsaggregating many millions of dollars. Splendid opportunity forskilled workers of every craft, and for unskilled men who arehandy with tools and who desire to learn a trade.Take advantage of this opportunity today by " registering yourname, by mail, with the ASSOCIATION EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 1407 Merchants Bank Bldg., Indianapolis, Ind.No Fees ChargedThis Bureau is not a so-called "labor agency:" It is operated bythe employers themselves, and for the past fourteen years has beenconducted jointly by the National Metal Trades Association (Indianapolis Branch) and the Associated Employers of Indianapolis,Inc.In registering, give your name, address, age, general occupation,experience and references, stating also the kind of work you desire or the trade you wish to learn. Applicants will be notified asopportunities of interest to them are found.Register for Work! Help Uncle Sam!Indianapolis is a fine place to live and a fine place to work. Register, today and tell your friends of this opportunity. Remember NO FEES CHARGED.Association Employment Bureau1407 Merchants Bank Building - - Indianapolis, IndianaJstumes almost as much as the everpopular blue. Favorite combinations are navy blue or black andbeige. AU-white dresses are alsovery popular. Made on youthfullines they are as becoming andproper for the debutante as for hermother. Of course, black satin, Georgette ciepe and velvet will be worn agreat deal this winter for he more!dressy costumes. The black gownillustrated here has long hip-draperywhich seems to emphasize theoiimnccQ nf tho Rilhmifitt.fi. Thfi hisrh !collar has come into its own again.It has, indeed, been banished toolong, for it certainly gives an air oftrimness to the costume, not obtained by the comfortable open neck.This one is of the black satin of thedress, and fastens with tiny black jetbuttons.Exit Straw HatsWe are saying good-by to thestraw hats. Everywhere one sees thehat of velour, duvetyn or black velvet. "While the latter is a "generalfavorite still, there are! very cleveraffairs of green, yellow, blue andbrown to. harmonize with the costume worn. Purple velvet hats areespecially smart worn with the blueserge dresses.Ha 1E3 aWhen a fellow is short it's easyenough to tell him to get along.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order. ,yu .-Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W. H. CANHOU ,Local Mamafcr.iiCCAUjThe Smartness of Black Satin.times the formality of a belt is entirely' dispensed with, these tubeshaped beads simulating a belt andbuckle. Iridescent beads, bronze'green and green "purple, made a simple little frock of dull green crepeda Chine quite marvelous. Braidingand embroidery promise to play asimportant a part in the scheme ofthings this year as last.The All-Black Costume. ..-Beige is being worn, for street cos-MAMMOTH GAVE$12.15 Fpr an All-Expense Three-Days Tour from Paris Sept. 29Personally Conducted by the Excursion Agent L. & N. R. R.Round trip tickets $5.65. Board at the Cave Hotel, including the several routes in thecave, for $6.50. Tickets on sale for morning trains. Phone L. & N. Agent. . (MXJ!tIKIv4''a;ijiiliiml'I4HKXIa1!A'.yvNvj-" -. vS -?-.m. 1MT.PAGE EIGHTVALJTB BOURBON NEWS, PAKE, EX.I ComingAttractions.FRIDAYBessie Barriscalem"The Snarl"Triangle Ince production.Popular Players'His Criminal Career'Triangle Comedy.Pearl White in 13thepisode of "Pearl of theArmy." Also PatheWeekly News.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.MILLERSBURG9Misses Lida and Bessie Butlerhave returned from an extended visitto relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Charles W. Howard, ofLexington, is visiting her sisters,Misses Mattie and Sallie Mclntyre.Messrs. James and Thomas Robertson, of Shelbyville, Mo., are guestsof Mr. J. S. Clark and family, andother relatives.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffett returned Sunday after a week's visitto her brother, Mr. Dank Clark andfamily, at Louisville.Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Boxley returned Thursday, after a twoweeks' visit to his sister, Mrs. Ingram, and family, at Crew, Va.Mrs. C. E. Rhodes, of Flemingsburg, ws the guest of Mrs. M. D.Hurst, Wednesday.' Their son hasentered M. M. I. as a student.Captain Davis, of New York, isppending a few days with Miss LucyJones. He is enroute to New Orleans, where he will teach this year.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithleft Monday for the bedside of thelatter's brother, Mr. Daniel, at Owenton, who is ill with typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. Sherrard have returned to their home, at Esbon,Kan., after spending a few days withrelatives here, since the intermentof their mother, Mrs. Mary Conway.The electric lights are undergoing some repairs and will be extended to Butler Addition. The citizenswill put up the poles and wires, andthe city plant will furnish the light.NOTICE. Dr. A. T. Gardner,graduate optometrist, will be in Millersburg, Thursday, September 20th,'and each Thursday thereafter. Ifyour eyes trouble you,' consult him.Office in residence of James B. Cray.The M. M. I. opened Wednesdaywith a large enrollment. Theboarding department will be fullwhen all are in, eighty-five havingbeen enlisted, and Col. Best is compelled to turn down many applications. Mrs. Elizabeth Powling went toCincinnati, Sunday, where she underwent an operation on Monday.fSbe was accompanied by Dr. W. G.Dailey, who remained with her until after the operation.A telegram was received Monday by Mrs. H. H. Crouch, of LittleRock, announcing the critical illness of her father, Mr. R. B.Boulden, at his home in Pueblo,Colorado. Mr. Boulden resided inMillersburg until the last few years,when Tie went to Pueblo to make hishome with his daughter, Mrs!est. '4-4-T'M'-M"T"M..T..t..TmT'..:..T..TBeautiful PictureFor FramingFREESee Them on Display in Our ShowWindow and Secure One Today.These pictures are in equisite colors, reproduced on a-fine quality antique paper by a special process ' whichbrings put exactly the beautiful coloring of the original.Painted by Neysa McMein, the popular artist, whosef amour portraits of lovely women you see every monthon the covers of your favorite magazines. This paintingis her conception of "A Skin You Love Jo Touch.' ' Contains no printing or advertising of any kind. Get onewhile they last.HOW TO GMT ONECome to Our Store and Buy a Cake ofWoodbury9 s Facial Soapand we will give you without additional charge one ofthese beautiful pictures. - Be sure to get xone before thesupply is gone. Offer good only until October 5th.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co."The Penslar Store."lit tttt-i 1 1- t- i -t j- t '""T'fiinn fit milium i"nPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOSATURDAY'A YOUNG PATRIOT'Gold Seal Drama. "Where Is MyChe-lld" is an L-KO comedy in twoparts. "Bobby, Movie Director" isa Big V comedy.Alamo at night Mary Anderson andAlfred Vosburgh in "The Divorcee."The story of a girl who gambledwith fate, Vitagraph Blue Ribbonfeature.MONDAYMarie Doro in"HEART'S DESIRE"By Shannon Fife, produced by theFamous Players Film Co. VictorMoore in a Klever Komedy and Paramount Pictograph.SPEARS MILLS ITEMS.Rev. Ernest Mangum was in Louisville several days this week on abusiness mission.Mr. Isaac Reynolds left Tuesdayfor a prospecting tour in Spencer andNelson counties. He will be goneseveral days. .Miss Elizabeth Hudnall, ofSpears' Mill vicinity, is taking aspecial course of study at the Eastern Kentucky State Normal Schoolat Richmond.Four converts who recently united with the Baptist church at thisplace were given the rites of baptismin Stoner creek Sunday afternoon byRev. Ernest Mangum, pastor of thechurch.The members of the Tenant andFarm Laborers Union from this section will be in Paris, Saturday night,to hear the speaking at the K. of P.Hall. The Union now has a membership of one thousand in Bourboncounty.Farmers in this section are unusually busy, too busy to attend thsfairs and races, in fact. They aregetting their tobacco housed, and several of them have had to keep theirboys from school in order to get thework done. There is a scarcity offarm labor, and prices are rulinghigh. The tobacco and corn crops arevery promising, both being of excellent Quality.' fcS 3 TSiMILITARY STYLES.Call in and see the new militaryhats we are showing. Some stunning styles in street hats that arepriced right. See us before buying.(21-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.?S 1BIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Speakes, ofnear Paris, are acknowledging congratulations upon the birth of ahandsome daughter at their home,Sunday. The piother was formerlyMiss Mattie Neal, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Tolly Young, ofnear Paris, are receiving congratulations on the birth of a pretty babydaughter, who was born last Monday night at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city.The little one has been christened Anna Catherine Youngs in honorof her grandmother, Mrs. J. N. Hawkins, of Lexington, and of her greatgrandmother , Mrs. Kate T. vBaker,also of Lexington. Mrs. Young wasformerly Miss Myrtle Hawkins, oneL. MJor -Lexingtons most cnarming youngtvomen.DEATHS, f,mBREWSAUGH.Mrs. Georgia Ann Brewsaugh, anative of Bourbon county, where shewas born in 1840, died this week ather home on the Lafferty pike, inHarrison county, of paralysis.Mrs. Brewsaugh had been marriedthree tfrnes, her first husband, J. H.Renaker, dying in 1888, her secondhusband, Fred Cason, dying in 1901,and the third, Mr. Burton Brewsaugh, surviving. One daughter,Mrs. Cyrus Rankin, of Harrisoncounty, also survives her.Funeral services -were held at theresidence at one o'clock Tuesday afternoon, conducted by Rev. J. R.Jones, of Cynthiana. The interment took place in the Pythian GroveCemetery, at Berry.BOWMAN.Mrs. Amanda Bowman, agedsixty-two, widow of John Bowman,who died in Cynthiana several yearsago, died at the home of her son-in-law,Mr. Robert Thompson, inCynthiana, Tuesday morning, aftera four weeks' illness.She is survived by four childrenand three brothers, two of the latter, John and Thomas Gardener, being residents of Paris.The funeral was held at the residence of her son-in-law, yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. R. B. Wilson.The interment followed in BattleGrove Cemetery, in Cynthiana.KERNS.Mr. Sim Kerns, aged sixty, whowas brought to the Massie MemorialHospital, in Paris, Monday, with hisskull fractured ast he result of anaccident, died at that institutionyesterday morning without regainingconsciousness.Mr. Kerns was a tenant on thefarm of Mr. Geo. Stoker, near Millersburg, where the body Was takenyesterday. Funeral arrangementshave not been completed, pending arrival of a son, who resides in Oklahoma. Mr. Kerns is survived by his widow, two daughters and two sons, oneof whom, Mr. Charles C. Kerns, livesin North Carolina.BOTKIN.Mrs. Mary Botkin, aged seventy,wife of Mr. Lewis Botkin. of nearParis, died at her home, on the Escondida pike, at 7:30 o'clock Wednesday morning of a complication ofdiseases. She was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Young, pioneer residents of Bourbon county.Mrs. Botkin is survived by sixsons, George Botkin, of Fayettecount; Hiram Botkin, of Canada;Alex, Joseph, John and Aden Botkin, of Bourbon county.Funeral services were held at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery yesterday afternoon at 2: 307 o'clock, conducted by Rev. John J. Rice, pastorof Jhe Paris Presbyterian church.METCALF.-Charles W. Metcalf,54 yearsold, died at his home in Pineville at7 o'clock Monday evening after anillness of several months. He was aleading lawyer at the Bell countybar, and was active in politics. In1892 he was a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Secretaryof State. He had served in variouspositions by appointment and wasmade a Colonel on the .staff of Gov.McCreary. Mr. Metcalf's health began to fail about a year ago andlater he was stricken with paralysis.He was for many years Vice president of the First State Bank ofPineville and owned a majority ofthe stock in the Continental Hotel,He is survived by his wife and several jchildren. His mother, Mrs.Fannie Metcalf, and a brother, Thos.Metcalf, of Danville. The funeralservices were held from the Methodist Church, South, on Wednesdayafternoon and the burial in the OddFellows' Cemetery-KENDALLL . . "Mrs". Eliza Lary" Kendall, agedsixty-eight, widow of Milton H.Kendall, a former resident of Bourbon and Scott counties, died at herhome, near Anchorage, at nineo'clock, Wednesday evening, after along illness of dropsy and livertrouble.the late Dr. and Mrs. H. B. Lary,and was-a most estimable unnstianwoman. Her husband, Mr. MiltonH. Kendall, was magistrate of theNewtown precinct, in Scott county,for twelve years, and had served several terms as Chariman of the Democratic County Committee of Scott.county.She is survived by six children,Harry D. Kendall, William S. Kendall and Charles T. Kendall, of Anchorage, Mrs. William Blankenship,' ofLouisville, and Lamar Elmer Kendall, of Cincinnati.The body was brought to this cityon the Louisville & Nashville trainat noon, and taken to the Paris Cemetery, where short services wereheld at the grave.LETTON.Mr. John W. Letton, aged fiftyfour, of Paris, familiarly known hereas "Crackerjack," died at the homeof his sister, Mrs". Duke Bowles, onMain street, Wednesday night, afteran illness of several years fromlocomoter ataxia. n ,-Mr. Letton had been an active manprior to the attack- (St locomoterataxia, fwidch left Urn almgtt- helpless. Fdf several years' he conducteda restaurant in the store room nowoccupied by the Singer Sewing Ma--chineoffice. He was later engagedin the manufacture of candy and"cracker jack in which he "specialized at county fairs and other meetingsin this and other States. For severalyears he had operated a small lunchstand adjoining the clothing store ofMr. W. T. Talbott until his illnessassumed such a serious turn that hewas confined to his room. jMr. Letton was a son of the late .Mr. and Mrs. John Will Letton, whoresided at the old home on the Jacks- Jtown pike, near Paris. He was ofa jolly disposition, and was 'always Jin a joking mood, not even phys-ical ailments tending to keep backthe mirth that held a large place inhis make-up. .He is survived by his sisters, Mrs., JDuke Bowles and Mrs. Mattie Hibler, JLboth of Paris, Mrs. T. J. Redmon, of Jthe count, Mrs. Chas. Giffiinger, of j ZHarrodsburg, and Mrs. John W. JBowles, of St. Louis, Mo., and one i 4.brother, Mr. Reuben E. Letton, otnear Paris.' Funeral services will be held at theresidence, in this city, at ten o'clockthis (Friday) morning, conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The interment willtake place in the Millersburg cemetery. The pall-bearers will be RichardWasson, Thos. Redmon, BennettTarr, John Merringer, Albert Richardson and James Gibson.?S1 TS ISKAPOK.Kapok, or fiber silk, will not sinkno matter how long it is left in thewyter, and has remarkable buoyancy. It was first brought to theattention of the United States Government by Lieutenant Edmonds,and has subesquently come into wideuse as a material-for life preservers.One of the latest kapok devices is aduck hunting coat lined withthisfiber, so that if the hunter fall overboard he will float.3 ?aWATRFOWX SAVED.From all parts of the "United Statesare coming reports that the wildducks are unusually abundant; it cannow no longer be doubted that themigratory bird law has saved thesevaluable game birds from extermination. Dr. William T. Hornaday asserts that they are now steadily increasing. He believes that song andinsectivorous birds have also beensaved by timely legislation, but' hesays that upland game birds and thebig game of the West are being rapidly exterminated.1Bs .T Rfc VIIi FAIL FOOTWEAR!S The Largest and Finest Selection ofSTYLISH, HIGH GRADE! Men?s, WtfmenY aridFALL SHOESAT LOWEST PRICES!Visit out- store, see what is correctequality and the comparatively low pricesof the great savings we offer to our patrons.iFinalBalance of Low Shoes !Two and ThreeSCHOOL SHOESi9Paris! Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReignmiiiMniiiiin 1 millofiCexiitgton,This Week a Superb Display ofNewAutumnMillineryHave you a tender spot in your heart for atiny, chic little bonnet with just a wee bitof ribbon trimming, or do you lean towarda large picturesque sailor, or toward adainty poke?It matters not what jthe bent of your millinery taste may be, you will find your ideal, x'in all its richest interpretations, awaitingyou in our Millinery Department.$5, $10, $15fWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.iI..t.4iiii.ti.f..6it.t..t..li.T..t..fcA.T..r..T..T.AAA.T..f..y..y......,,T...;..?.. j l If-fH litNEWClearanceonPairs for the FormerBOYS' AND QIRLS'. At Great BargainDAN COHENiihm Mill mm ii inile & Co.Kentucky4i.ain Style, notice the 2and be convinrH fPrice of One;PricesOT J?la-)tei !!Children's ISale It1: