THE BOURBON NEWSVIPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1917THE TOBACCO MARKETS.In looking over the prices paid fortobacco in oilier Central Kentucky"ANDY" GOREY SELLSTRANSVAAL FOR $10,000.FINANCIAL AND BUSINESSBODIES ELECT OFFICERS.!At a special meeting of the PartsA nl'inolft mnrpnivn L . rrTTm Victimlunacco in uuiur vuuuji ivcmuunj - i"aw lucooagc lu i ijij iqvvo .".l a &pei;iiii meeting ol me .fansmarkets THE NEWS finds tiliat the Wednesday confirmed the paragraph , Commercial Club, held at the court"Poric mnrkfils rnnk rid it. nl.-mo- wilh Dl'illted in Tuesday's issue n thn pffppf : house Tnesdnv niirhr. nt 7-P.n nVlnoirthe lenders and the growers are re- that Mr. Andrew J. Gorey, of Latoniu. . the following officers to serve forceivius as good prices as are being- formerly of Paris, had sold his good N 917 were elected: President Catespaid in any of the other markets stallion, Transvaal, to an Eastern by Spears; vice-president, LawrencrThese high prices have prevailed sinca liorscpian for $10,000. The purchaser ! Price; secretary, Rudolph Davis;the opening of the market in Decern- was Mr. Robert J. Walden, of New . treasurer, Clarence Thomas; Boardber, and Oiere is every reason to be-. York. jof Governors, Frank P. Kiser, M. J.lieve they will continue. m I Transvaal is a bay stallion, twelve I Lavin, John N. Davis, E. B. January,ah nf lncf wppI- nnrl tliic wpok tliP Years old. bv Commando lYnn. Rnv.-vl-.B. A. Frank.three Paris houses have been crowded Ross by Royal Hampton, lie is the i At the stockholders' meeting of the '.! il. A..An.. InF f ..1;M onl.-l sir A nf Hlirfrolr1if U'iimoro ilir lnv.i . Flmirhnn. A o-rionltiirol TlnnL' XV Tmipt IHUH lUUttl'tU. CCl ical Ul tt 111111 ouiu .. .. .......... ...,-,.. i, ..wi.iwo nuu iiu i i. -uui uu iiiji .vuii,ui ui iJunn. vx. J. 1 uoi.T7VE5 :ESL INT O TW HOX7"WinterAND YOU MUST NOT NEGLECT HAVINGlarge SUm OL money. WHICH will niia i ucsigu aim Joaiiw am suuiu ul iii& .. riauiv, v. v. riu.ii, v. n. aiiubi-its way back into the cash registers progeny that have won some of the! son, Tihos. Henry Clay, Jr., John Mar-sandbank accounts of the merchants i classic events of the past. Transvaal . ton and W. H. McMillan. The forof Paris. The raising of tobacco has was practically a gift to Mr. Gorey. mer officers will remain in charge of-reatlv increased during the past few as he purchased him from an agent oi the Bank's affairs,rears. and is now one of the leading the kite Mr. James R. Keene for a very J The Deposit & Peoples' Bank electindustries of Kentucky, especially so , low ,price. His knowledge of blood ed the following Board of Directors:in this immediate section of the State, i lines led his to believe he was suita-, George W. Wilder, Ed. Burke, HenryAlthough the Paris markets are j ble for a sire, and the fact tiiat this S. Cay wood, Duncan Bell, E. M. DickTinkpd as amonir the best in the .young horse was in the twenty list of J son, Ed. H. Blake, E. M. Costello, J.o4t ,r.,v.o Ttnnrhnn ommtv frrmvprq nremier sires last year, as well as the i W. Jacoby. Robt. Meteer. C. M,. , .. 1 , , i.i1 iL.i - I,v:o. .-. coil ivioir frnns m tno year Dei-ore. uemonstraieu mat iurGood WarmLexington market. Whitsett & Jonessold a crop of 3,540 pounds at theLexington House, Tuesday, for $23.60average, and George Wagoner sold 2,070 pounds at 19.37. At the HeadleyHouse, Johnson & Tevis. of Bourbon,sold a crop of 4.165 pounds at 18.61.At tho Pavfitte Warehouse. Taylor &.Lucas, of Bourbon county, sold 10,655nounds at 25.48. Taylor & Day, ofGorey 's judgment was correct.BLUEGRASS PRINTERS' ANDPUBLISHERS' ASSOCIATION.!The first quarterly meeting of the re-centlv-organizedBluegrass Printers'and Publishers' Association will be;Clintock, S. L. Weathers,held in the Phoenix Hotel, at Lexing- j Saloshin, M. Hume Payne, F. P. Kiserton. at eleven o'clock this (Friday) land Sam Houston. The directorsThomas, E. H. Gorey, F. P. Campbelland S. E. Bedford. The officers of thebank will be the same as heretofore.At the meeting of the stockholdersof the Farmers' and Traders' Bank thefollowing were elected as a Board of!Directors: Geo. K. Jones, Geo. WWvatt. G. R. Burburry, Jas. D. M':Loui3OUR Suits and Overcoats cannot be ezcelled anywhere when it comes to style and quality. Overcoats made with convertible storm collars, cut extralong, just the thing for these cold, raw winter days, madein rough, nappy, warm cloth and genuine Chinchilas andMontenacsBourbon, sold 3,210 pounds at $20.39; .tnorning. j elected the following oHicers: irankr-ori Tiip- of bourbon sold 3.4D5 i The association was forjned for the, P. Kiser, .president; S. L. Weatherc.A MOOS nnrl Tavlor Ar l ar- HUliUUSe UL iU.UUU.iiiliUK ic memuunii;e-mi;oiucui, v. . 1UILV.UI.U, -"'in niiru . r..MJ ui. - w - ' ...... - i --penter. of Bourbon, solo 11.900 poundsat 22.59.with the best ideas in the trade and to'ier: William Grimes, assistant casnenable them to stand together lor nvi-.ier.$12.50 to $40tnnl linnnfU flno nbn tif flip Assncifl.l Af n nipptintr nf thp sfnr-khnldfrs nf i ation, which will oe workea out more tne fans cemetery company nemBOURBON WEDNESDAY JAN. 10. ! fully later on, is to organize an agency' Wednesday the following directorsThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse j to handle political advertising and were elected to serve during the yearCo (consolidated) sold Wednesday j such "other stuff as is usually offered of 1917: John T. Ilinton, Charles7$"5 pounds for $13,700.69: average, country papers in plate form," for the Stephens. William Myall, Wm. O. llins'lS77 The Paris House sold 4S.790 purpose of receiving adequate payment ton, N. Frd Brent (to succeed the latei)our.'Vs fr $9 001 .36: average S1S.45. 'for such material. Buckner Woodford.) Mr. .IcTnn T. HinTlie market remains steadv to strong-1 The high cost of news print paper ton was re-elected president of ther Some of the average are as fol will also be taken up for consideration company, and Mr. William Myall sccA . -at the meeting, and discussion of a retary and treasurer, positions theyY B & W L Laughter sold 4.235 j remedy for the existing state of af- have occupied for many years. Therounds' for $"44 41 average $17.60. fairs will be participated in by the vote stood as follows: J. T. Ilinton,T w Peed & Son sold 3,520 poundr, ! members. Notices caiiing the meet- 123; Charles Stephens. 114; William. J !? c.iTr .inn- iiavft hppn spiu nut bv Editor Jas. Mvnll. IIS: W.m. O. Ilinton. 106: N. i:v l ci. i T."r- i'i .i i. i.i. i r - -r -. ---- HV... -- , . . --,-Brock'' Kerns sold 13.675 pounds j M. Allen, of the Cynthiana Democratfor $2,779.0S. average $19.SS. jas president of the Association, and D.Cimm JC- Aitt sold 3.3S5 TMlinas I0r;iu. jiullou, a &eaewi..S612.K7. averace Si8.12Rasii & Johnson sold 3.355 .poundsfor $57S.79. average $17.25.Woodford & Jewell sold 3.7S5 pound :$724.46. average $19.14.Man- & Gilvin sold 2.155 pounds for449.48. average $20.SoCANDIDATES FOR ASSESSORFord Brent. 1S2; B. M. Renick, 75;S. E. Bedford, 79; W. W. Mitchell, 59;J. W. Davis, 57.CALL ON MAYOR HINTONTO "RUN AGAIN."THE NEWS calls attention to tli3', announcement in this issue of the can-1didacy of Mr. Walter Clark, of Paris,.for Assessor, wiui .ir. Jc.ru .j. iuiu-; . - ,. ,,..; ,. t: u .4a.ie. averds v-u.u. , -i.t, ,i i . ernment ior xiie .it wl j mm, tv v,uGaimell Bros. & Shanks sold 6.2l'i mon oi worin i-y- was overdrawn at the banks severaTO THE HONORABLE MAYOR:When you took up the reins of gov-The shorter Coats for the young fellow made in thePinch Back effects and and Belted Backs.Men and Young Men's Winter Suits in many desirable pattern and styles.nell Bros. bluing scm o.. .. ," eluded in rcVuuc: as overdrawn at the banks sevenpounds lor i.o., avBiaR -v.o. ..w.. . nifP,rierRi.rhm thousand dollars. At me enu ol uieRalls & Wilson sold 3.105 pounds turn to the people of Paris Bouiboa administration therefor $541.59. average 17,13. 'County, as both have been lifelong re gu Qf nl thousand doI.rollins Ac Bishop sold 2.425 pounds inents o the county and prominentb an(1 e! MITCHELL&BLAKEMOREv- 2 Exclusive Agency For the Nettleton Fine Sfaoe, Witch Elk?; Shoes andl the Famous Dr. ReecS Cushion Sole Shoe.u Itinenis ot uie couiuy u:iu ,,. um wiuto and eSor 5392.53, average 516.18. .luentinea wiui us puuiiu uu .. since then you have seen t0 uHancock & Mhompson som o,ojjhwM. -unnwn thit the city lias had a healthy casnpounds for 667.59, average $18.09. Mr. C J"k onc of " le best knou i - credit.1 Crouch & Doyle sold 2,340 pound? men m the c ty o countj 1 aung b eii. These results were accomplished not-for $440.37, average $lb.bi. , . li Ir.'b V,X; fnr vonr withstanding the fact that the city hadHUttliell SOIU l.oOJ i-uaiucoo O.HU ov-.v ... a . -Woodford &soiu 1,001 i-uamcao ..u aiwu "--" ost the reVeiiue from the saloons andpounds for ?252 average $18.6,, was one oi p . sreat eJiad been incurredWoodalL & Poliett som i.oo nuu..u., ,- -- -. ;-----, wnc n lpaf1ln- in repaying Main Street ana a greatfor $236.96, average $18.88. , ts '''etZctur fair ;he d amount of new sewers Jiad been laid,tL P.Htnw sold 4.770 pounds , figure in the agricultural fairs held cfrootc! hl,m nnd the old ones,. 00, An ,.Mro 517 99 .here.IOr O-l.Vf, c.tciati- v..new streets bunt anu uie om onus're ..,,.. li.-oTf in thp hpcit rpnair in the historyi2S.V Harney ,o.d 2.275 Pound5 ; Mr ( RImon -Jomm.. "; ' of 'a,,, oity.a new auto Are truck pur-ft za'R RC nvpmcre S19.6iA." C. Craft sold 2.9S5 pounds for ,S50S.19. average K.'J.fiuential larrner, a u m. -, eIectric drm laced in,a monoer 01 uie rjouruou ri&uui V.UUI.. - , fact evervland a man known and respected from h"' or mise" 'kept '.v.0- -r . -, f ., riniiTit.v to rne ouier. . .. .. -... . "Clav &. Hernngton som -x.viw iuuuUa .- ,,1 1," i i,ioaj r.ioi.- t We have implicit iaun in yuiu wu-rorCS789.95: .ven JJ0.6.. , I "SS men InBour'counl" ,tin and beUeve you, are ahe manCollins liuuer suiu ...'." '" "1 4. " .. ...si, . ovt0n5ivp np. ol ail our ciuzciib uiu&c suiuiu.j-uufor 5737.28. average 518.7C. ,o ---wvnTr a- iuivxiiu ouu -.,.-.. i i ... . . .fe- tozA QS i-v-prnjrp S20.S7.Wyatt & Shumake sold 1,00 poundsfor $351.38, average $20.54.Chas. Martin sold 2.920 pounds for$558.60, average $19.13.Mason & Cooper sold 2,920 poundsfor $558.60, average $19.13.Mason & Cooper sold 3,i4o poun(.ofor $681.7G. average 5-18.20.W. B. Kiser sold 1.795 pounds for$359.87, average $20.00.Arch Gunn sold 2,805 pounds fo.'uSTKuS8 3.236 pound,for $572.88. average $l.-t.Fisher & Fogle sold 3,375 pounds Tori678.59, average $20.10., p. Tnvlnr sold o,.iUpoundr'for 3.31B pounds ror ?6!8.30.average ?ic.ooClayIwill make a team hard to beatto be in charce of tlie city's affairsI We appreciate the fact that you havecjppnrPfl for Paris a sas rate that can.nnucRF Tmq ibeno higher than our surroundingLOOK "ERE TM lb 'towns and have had the water ratesRoned Oats. ree packages tor M ; t t, , a lower ' "cents; matches, six boxes for 25 cents(It) BATTJSKTUiN &BASKET BALL.anv town in Kentucky of Paris' sizeWe do not believe you will plunge orattempt to plunge Paris head overheels into debt by rushing into a purchase of light and water plants, as-i- l 1.. V.r. n l-vrlofl floVf ff. . . ., ,i i c a, ' 1 aria allt;au iiao a uuuutu vv -Th-s boys' basketball team of the reduced from $100,000.00,Paris High School will plaM he boys i' 'of which has Deen liquidatedteam of the Maysville Higli School, at ""the Y. M. C. A f?;"!";, Sther towns the size of Paris haveday) evening at :3C I oclock. Neither, debt business to their sor-team has so far met defeat, and a close . The properv owners nave Uiesecontest is anticipated. ,. Ithines to nay for and as you are oneAs a preliminary to "the big show' things to pay ; be.the first and second teams of the girls our argest p ysquad will play a game. The admis- indirement and veryI19- ., -o.. ,1, fnr'n will be 25 cents. Everyone w , "r; ""iT.& Biddle soiqaiw i'uu"Ufl ,", rt ,,0I ClearanceSaleFURNITUREorS510.94, average $18.37.slon win ue - - --""- " !ra,it.inuslv.urged to ccfne out ana ltnesb im.. j - words, we realize that thegame and root tor tne locai w . lnterest and yoUrs are identical,.; n viptorv for uie 1. rl. o. im-, -, . . .. ,. i,,.o nlwavs;;r:.;;vi;Pnrttiim is as follows-, ana uiaiuiucii ""? j,rUfcjijji.NUEi.M- - "- i nuvj-uju ul --- - T.f. Tivin jnaiiagea your anairs m &uuu an ttU-The sales at the Independent To-,Haydenf t.; Capt. Burnett, f., A. LaMii. irable manner we are persuaded you. t- r f lATiiiaii - i.fivaii.ft " j yu""c" to ' ,-will so continue to manage tne city s.! For these reasons you should stanaA few crop aver-& Current, 4,985. INDEPENDENT-WED., JAN. 10.rn,A coinc at. the Independent lbacco Warehouse, Wednesday, amountod to 36,190 pounds, for b.i., a.iaverage of $l.olages follow:n n Wheatnounds. average $19.29.Lair & Osborne, 3,205 pounds, avei-aSMason2& Cooper, 3,205 pounds, av-erBgdwin Thomas & Son, 2,280 pounds,a7Sr?BrS?i Lewin, 2,195 pound,aVHopf ins'smiU!, 2,340 pounds, avorage ?17.95.BOURBON THURSDAY, JAN. 11.The- Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold yesterday 64,070 pounds for $10854 75, an average of $16.98. ineParis House sold 57,670 pounds for$10,021.44, an average oi "" theThe poor average was due to tnepoor quality of the offering, 4is by far the worst yet seen on tthmarket, in marked contrast to theoffering of the day before.(Continued on Page 6.)INDEPENDENT - THURSDAY, JANUARY 11.The independent House old yesterday 33,690 pounds of tobacco for ?6037.76, n average of $17-az "Jquality of the offerings was only fair,.and the market steady. -,f Rice, g.APPELLATE COURT DtuiD- i . nnn,n(irati nomination forION IN BOURBON CAbfc. yQr Yow consent to do this WOuH,1 . . . i. 'as it always has, be equivalent toIn the Court of Appeals at Frank-, as it afort, Wednesdayin the appealed case your eof Francis vs. Tipton, sent up for r - connection and thustrial fro)n the Bourboii Circuit Court io ue indulgedthe appellee filed a motion to ' m as regards this most importantthe appeal, appelan : filed , written ob demands a man ofjections with brief on ctions. and oven & and experience.further filed 0Hon0pnbASdevive ' By agreeing to grant our request youto file amended statement and rejivt befe doillc, a valuable public servicewith affidavit in support ol huliuu, - .....,-mnellee objected to said motion ana i -TAXTV q,TTnTTf.WTFTTTj CItizENS.j? mlmif f a1 IjliOUOU suuwivu.OPEN LETTER FROM MR.WAINSCOTT TO MR.HON."Winchester, Ky., xJan. 11, 1917."Mr. Geo. Hon,Winchester, Ky.,DeT: J" have iust announcedyourself a candidate for State SenatorJV . n,r fa camp niatform Ion almost exiiLij ---LU naoriv twn montlis ago,announctju uu, m...j --- -a i.i, f ii hP.imr citizens of Wm-tester. I make jouttis propositionthat we both enter tue wi x -.thit will be held early in Uie Spring,probab y in March, agreeing that theone who receives the least number ofvotes will withdraw from the race."Yours truly,"LEE WAINSCOTT.;,'SALE OF CANDY ON SUNDAY VIOLATION OF LAW.Spllincr eandv on Sunday is a violation of the statute prohibiting work ouSunday. The Court of Appeals, Tuesday, decided that candy is not a necessity within the meaning of the statute, and upheld the fine of ?50 imposed on Gilbert McAfee, of Salvisa, astorekeeper, in the Mercer CircuitCour,t for selling James Kennedy fivecents' worth of candy on Sunday. TheCourt was asked to lay down a ruleconcerning the conduct of business onSunday and to name the exceptionsthat might arise, but the Court declined to do this, stating that it would bobetter to deal with each case as itarose. ' s : --l,v '20 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, For CashBeginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Cook Stoves andRanges at bargains never before heard of, considering the high advancein faxir maforiaU wftrtmancnln ann rxre etiifr TArmrn i iicpH in all rtii RnorOur stock is very heavy at this season of the -year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 per cent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Store is known to back up his advertisementswith better furniture and better value for less money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality: We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.ABed Room Suite, quartered oak,was $150.00, now $1 19.00Mahogany Bed Room Suite, four poster, Chiffonier and Dressing Tableto match, was $145.00, now$1 1 6.00Imitation Quartered Oak Bed RoomSuite, was $40.00, now $32.00One long Davenport, Oak, ChaseLeather, was $25.00, now....$20.00One long Davenport, Quartered OakFront, was $30.00, now $24.00Davenette Parlor Suite, Davenette and TwoChairs to Match, in mahogany,was $45.00, now $36.00Also one Oak Davenette with two Chairsto match, was $77.00,now $61 .60One Oak Duofold Bed, was $4(00,now .. $32.009x12 Room Size Druggets, Brussells,$10.00, $15.00 and $20.00Axminster 9x12.. $25.00 and $30.00M. WEIGHTH AND MAIN STREETS!PACE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 191 :The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-their condition. The cheerful whinnyof Old Dobbin as they shoved hadown the manger, conveys no friendlynessage to them. If they can keephim quiet with a half measure of ha.vPOTATO QUARANTINE AMENDEDHereafter shipments of potatoesfroim the Dominion of Canada certifiedKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.till! Ill 1 1 HI Ifl-ttI I-li ll'M"M"i"'I't'H"'I'4-"I"i"I"I"H'4'lH 1 1null quiut Willi u- uu.il uueaauic uj. ii.v xrupi Lfla JJOLUiniOU OL UaLUtUU. UtJIUutJUPublished Every Tuesday and Friday, or woody old straw, they gladly do it by the shippers to be as sound as isrin Voar 59 fin Civ "MnntVie $100 i, u t.i j xvv w . . . .vw.vv w. awww. .v.-w uj&ctvtj uiuuey. commercially praoucauie auu to cuii-Payable in Advance. I j$ut it never any economy. A 'tain no more than 10 per cent of tubersworking animal labors at a profit only showing traces of disease will be ad-WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, when he feels well. A shortage of jnitted at any port of entry of the. fodder, and he is languid and spirit-'United States, instead of at certain(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, less. It is a pitiful sight to see some designated ports only, as in the pastPostoflice as Mail Matter of the specimens of horseflesh that are driv-.i'he shipments, if accompanied by cerRwnnd f!lsssl on n limit, t.hfi streets. tifionfps nf soundness ;is nrovided. willMost people walk down the bus:- not be held by collectors of customs forness sections of a town where horses inspection, except on special notificaare tied here and there, and never tion from the Federal Horticulturalgive a thought to the conditions un-J Board. An order amending the rulesder which they are left On 3iot days-and regulations of the potato quaranniany owners never stop to think about tine to this effect has just been issuedseeking shade for the patient beast i,y the Secretary of Agriculture.They are just as likely to tie him on Under the amended regulations thethe sunny side. If insects are abund-1 importer must apply to the Federalant. they never think to throw a net Horticultural Board for a permit foror a duster overthim. Prosecutions ar2 importation of potatoes as at ipresen.T1 1 ...nl ... .. .. ... ,.t-euniu aiu iu'-- designating tne uesireu port ol eniry.theANNOUNCEMENT.FOR STATE SENATOR."We are authorized to announce LEE'WAINSCOTT, of Winchester, as acandidate for the nomination for theffice of State Senator in the Twentyeighth Kentucky Senatorial District,composed of Clark. Bourbon and Mont-romerv counties, in the primary elecj , v.,, v.l-l A.imiif A 1Q17 T-T- irt rftnn nfffSKnr'.IJUU IU UC UCiU UU AUguai 1, J.JJ.I. ax .t. v... .. .-. , ULOI511UUH5 ww uvu.iwi l' " " 'asks your support in his race upon a ly thoughtless, and need only to have' The foreign shipper must enterThe Care of Old Animals.broad and liberal platform. their attention called toWe are authorized to announce tjiat produce discomfort in the speechGEORGE HON, of Winchester, as a less and toiling- world of animal lite.sTididiLtfi for the nomination for theiLee of State Senator in the Twenty- jighth Kentucky Senatorial Districtc)33posed of Clark. Bourbon and iVioiit-Sopiery counties, in the primary elec ' An interesting news dispatch tli'jion to be held on August 4, 1017. H past week reports the death of a not-islrs your support in his race upon a eu- racing horse familiar to all de- Jjroad and liberal .platform. ,votees of the turf. She breathed her I,last at the estate of a Kentucky hreed-FOR JAILER. 'er wJl0 oought the horse several yearsWe are authorized to announce tQ pension her.GEORGE W. JUDY, of Paris, as a can- SQ h yioughtlessness infrJ0?7CoZl of aScd anima.s, that it isconditions , number of such nermit on his certificate of soundness. The Federal Horticultural Board has prepared and willsend to all applicants for permitsforms for shippers' certificates ofsoundness.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.CARS LEAVELexingtontorParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.count. subject to the action of the pleasant to see this notice of consider-Democratic party at the primary eiec-uuu. iuu uiuy "' ution on August 4, 1917. ;every-day life are pushed ahead untilWe are authorized to announce J. they drop. No halo of the race trackW. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a can-1 f0n0vs their heads,didate for Jailer, subject to the action There are all extremes of sentimentof the Democratic party, at the State in tnis matter. Some people are soprimary, August 1917. sensitive Uiat thev will not take theWe are authorized to announce ' .JOHN H. DOTY, of Paris precinct, as lllie ol n ag?a "frse or "b't candidate for the Democratic nomi- hero the animal has passed any ennation for Jailer of Bourbon County, jofment of existence. They feel keciubject to the action of the Demo- ly the individuality of animals, andt.r-otin nrimsrv in Aiteriist. 1917. nnttincr fihem out of the way withWe are authorized to announce chloroform seems almost like taking ,WALKER KISER, of the Kiserton pre- the liCe of a chiid. This over senhi-cinct, as a candidate for the Demo- tiveness to animal life is rare,cratic nomination, for the ofiice of ,. f -.kc.i v.,.o !, ic ,immiZ .' . . . x - i-i . llic laiuitm iiwi oi iw ..i. -..... ,J&iler or 5ourDon county, buujit uj fmilv,s budrens for a lifetimethe action of the Democratic party at a, ia1 s l3U( rens lor a lH;1"'"the primary election in August, 1917. should be something more than a mereWe are authorized to announce drudge. If he has been treated withTHOS. TAUL as a candidate for Jailer kindness, he makes knou n his affecof Bourbon countv, subject to the ac- tion for his masters, and welcome.?The pasturing of corn is especiallyapplicable to semiarid regions. Thedry soil is not injured by the animals,and very little corn goes to waste orspoils by coming in contact with thesoil. The stalks are left in good shapeto prevent the drifting of snow.am7.45 amS.lo amS.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 api10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pin41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm2.45 pm3.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 ru4.45 pm5.15 pm7.15 amS.00 2mS.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am12.15 pm1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm4.00 pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmt4Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-o and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE!'frfrM"M"M"M"I' MrMI..I.M.I.l"l'.I..M..;..I.I..I..I..HHiiI"!' I"! I' I M I1 Vtion of the Democratic primaryWe are authorized to announce tjtheir approach with the cheerful neigh.He has contributed his share to theT. MASTERSON as a candidate for househoid labors, in return for a mea-IU.il til Ui. SUU1UU11 (.uuutj, ouuj.vi, .wthe action of the Democratic Stateprimary, August. 1917.We are authorized to announce W.trnr wniro. of hnv ami scram. He hastoiled through heat and cold and stormand has got no satisfaction out of lifeO. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate beyond the bare pleasure ot good di-fT- tfco -noTrmnrntin nomination for the HCStlOU. 1L seems one UL liiu aiiumai-office of Jailer of Bourbon countjr, sub- ies of existence, that so much can be IJect to the action of the Democratic given so willingly and faithfully for soState primary, in August, 1917. small a return.We are authorized to announce He ought to have something comingJOHN W. KING as a candidate for the to him in his twilight, by way of rest.nomination or Jauer ol jaoumon coun- SOme free seasons m a goou grassy jty, subject to the action of the Demo- pasture where he can kick up his heels .eratic primary, on Saturday, August1 ail.j enjoy sleep and food, untroubled4, 1917. j by heavy loads, chafing harness, andFOR MAYOR.We are authorized to announce ?.IrJames M. Moreland. of Paris, as icandidate for the office of Mayor ofitie city of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters of the city at the primary election to be held on August i.lill. Your upprt is respectfullysolicited.the toil of the road. The pensionedhorses should not include merely famous racers and family pets."CASCARETS" BEST IFHEADACHY, BILIOUS,SICK, CONSTIPATED jBestEDITORIAL MUSINGS.For Liver and Bowels,Breath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.BadBe Kind to Animals We2k.Every week should be a "Be KindGet a 10-cent box.Sick headache, biliousness, coaledtongue, head and nose clogged up witua cold always trace this to torpidliver; delayed, fermenting food in thebowels or sour, gassy stomach.Poisonous matter clogged in the intoAnfmals Week." But as most peo- u instead n be, cast out oZpie are not keenly observant of the m ,s re.absorbed into thekind of treatment given animals, the ison reaches theAmerican Humane Association is tryIj-wlijtntv Umiiim f tcciin if noncflc rrncrocang to cencentrate attention on th dul Ulpobbing sickensubject of human treatment to aiu-. headache.mmu r i orJ Cascarets immediately clanse theThe great m.fW" .?f Pe."V stomach, remove the sour, undigestedsymaptheuc with dumb life, only they, foul take the excessnever stop to Unnk what kind of treat- anfl oufc ament dumb life gets. They look : wittt constipated waste matter and .poisdisapproval at Uie tradetaans bo, e bowels.beaUng his employers horse But a Cascaret to-night will surelynever occurs to them to complain to b morning. Theythe Dolice. In most cases a word to f ...,. - , inf i.cthe owner of the animal would provesufficient correctionwork while you sleep a 10-cent boKfrom your druggist means your headimcient correction stomach sweet, breath right.Pet animals usually get good care , 0 n,w o,iThey are kept by people who enjoy m Uls (adv)them and take pleasure in their com-j b jjfort and happiness. But many working animals are kept by persons who HERE'S TIP ABOUT HOTEL GUESTSnaturally are not sympathetic with jj in the January American Magazinea writer says:"Here's a funny thing, by the way,that I've noticed about hotel guestsYou have a soiled towel in a room,and the guest will probably complain.But vou can have a bucket of paintand a paper-hanger's scaffold in thehallway, and compel the guests tocrawl under a stepladder to get to Insroom, and he will put up with it cheerfullybecause he knows you arcpainting or papering by way of makingan improvement, and he is in sympathy with tUiat. It doesn't cost muchto make over a carpet so that a barespot in front of the dresser will beeliminated, but such little details arca vast help in making a hotel prosper."SCOTT SEMULSIONOF NORWEGIAN COD LIVER OILusually stops a stubborncough or chest cold whenordinary specifics faiLIt helps strengthen thalungs and throat addsenergy to the blood andgives the system the forceto help resist disease.$ Use SCOTT'SVI Refuse SubstitutesII PAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.j Dr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs andcolds that has stood the test or nearlyfifty years. For hliat cough that strainsthe throes und saps the vitality, tryDr. Kinj'i New Discovery. The soothing pine bftliams and mild laxative ingredient soon drive the cold from thesystem. Hare a bottle on hand forwinter coldf, croup, grippe and bronchial affections. At your Druggist 50c.I, a SouthernGentleman,.a tellam Named ''-,-- . r- ',?i ; rr!-src.'S'rxv;?-5.' - - - wmum - -&Well, way back in 1901, after I had beenin this bright, happy world for severaldays, I began to get worried like. I didn'thave any name.Folks were calling me "it" and "the newone" and "whatdya-call-it." I didn't likeit a bit. Then one day I heard the BigChief telephoning all his department headsto meet in his office.Pretty soon they all came filing in. Tallchaps, short chaps, fat chaps and skinnychaps. "Now that he is here," said theBig Chief, "what will you name him?"My! how they wrangled and wrangledThe Folks of the South KNOW good blood.The Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco.SOVEREIGN the best is none too good a name." So I was named, friend,for I want you as one of my friends, and it means a whole heap when I sayA&zgf QpEhemAIfand wrangled. You know, you have heardthem argue whether He'd be called Jackor John or Jim before. Finally, one fellowspoke up and said :"Why not call him 'SOVEREIGN 7 Hismother was a Virginian, his father anaristocrat of the Carolinas. He comesfrom the very best stock. He comes fromthe very sweetest, ripest, mellowest Virginia and Carolina tobacco. He is beingraised right in one of the cleanest, whitest,healthiest homes on earth. He is a Southerner born, a Southerner bred, a Southerngentleman the king of them all a reajSOVEREIGN.J J . SZ. . . . j. f -fX. .I am emaranteed bv .-oo.?3- Buv me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back. I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.Sovern Cigav.FOR THE GENTLEMAN OP THE SOUTH"Mrva of fm&m, OC& "&Sot ft Wwac, BtemiScM, K. J.i-t l laav-janjFRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KY.PAGE THRUa most appropriate toastThe hamper was found to containCatarrh means inflammation.Inflammation is the stagnationof blood the gorging of thecirculation with impure blood.Of course you can't be well underthis condition. It means, headaches,Indigestion, kidney trouble, coughs,colds, etc.Mrs. Logan Bryan is visiting herparents, Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, nGeorgetown.PerunaBy assisting!nutrifinn in.creases the circulation, invitrorativ; tho; system, removes the waste matter andbrightens you up.Over 44 YearsOf service to the public entitles it to aplace with you.It Makes GoodThe Peruna Company Columbus, OhioYou can get Peruna in tablet formfor convenience.DEMAND PROMPTER PAY.A movement is on foot among tinsmerchants of Winchester to establisha thirty-day credit Systran, and a greatnumber of the business men are lending support to the plan. The sixmonts' credit system works a hardshipon the merchants, who are compelledto meet their own bills with tiie wholesale houses in a much shorter time.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our many beautiful ani useful gifts thatPeODle Here ThprA and lthe frieilds nad showered upon theireopie nere, inere and Jiappy couple After this a happy social-cii&ewnere, hour was enjoyed. Assisting Mr. andmi a. iveuuiuu in entertaining wereMrs. John J. Redmon, Mrs. Lee Collins and Miss Ruth Soper. Those present were: Miss Talbott and Mr. Sledd,Mr. and Mrs. John Redmon. Mr nn.iMrs. John Christopherson, Mr. andiMrs. J. T. Collins, Mr. and Mrs. W. 3.Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Rogers,Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Talbot, Mr. andMrs. Henry Caywood, Mr. and Mr3.John W. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Redmon, Mr. and Mrs. John W. Young,Mr. and Mrs. Logan Bryan, Mr. andMrs. B. T. Sledd, Mr. and Mrs. Magnus Rash, Mr. and Mrs. Davis Patrick.Mr. and Mrs. Wendell Murphy, Mr. andMrs. Tolliver Young, Mr. and MrG.Lawrence Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs.James Evans, Mr. and Mrs. WalterMeng, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hopkins,Mr. and Mrs. Robert McCray, Dr. and !Mrs. L. C. Redmon, Mr. and Mrs. Calvert Meng, Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Gait-! skill, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Jones, Mr.and Mrs. C. C. Clarke, Mrs. GeorgeCooper, Mrs. Allye Dickson, Mrs. Richard Skillman, Mrs. Ed. Rice, Mrs. A. 13.Trimble, Mrs. A. P. Bryan, Miss LillianMason, Miss Lucy Williams, Miss!Alma Rice, Miss Daisy Ditwiller, Missi Frances Clay, Miss Ruth Soper, MissMabel Soper, Miss Lena Talbott, MissEmma Louise Collins, Miss Mildred!Collins, Miss Marie Collins, Miss LauraBelle Dalzell, Miss Anna FrankBridges, Miss Luella Jones. Miss RubvRedwitz, Messrs. Robert Jones, RoyMcCray, Redmon Talbott, GrahamYoung, Williajn Collins, Joe Jones,Raymond Jones, Leland Barnes, Herbert Sledd, Bennett Young, StoddardYoung. Sheiiey Young and Bennett iBean.BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain'sCough remedy about eight years ago.At tiiat time I had a hard cold amicoughed most of the time. It provedto be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the coughentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of tihe good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it inthe highest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)Mrs. Fithian Faries Jias returnedto her home in Maysville, after a visitto Dr. and Mrs. F. M. Faries.Mrs. W. W. Mitchell was taken tothe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Cincinnati, Tuesday, for treatment.Miss Nanniebelle Fisher is athome from a visit to her cousin, MissEtnily Louise Fisher, in Georgetown.Miss Rachel Wiggins was hostessto a party of friends with a card partyat the Sweet Shop, Tuesday afternoon.Mrs. Frank Woodall, of Covingtonris a guest at the home of her nephew.,Mr. N. Ford Brent, on Pleasant street,in this city.Mrs. John Wessleman is able to beout after having been confined to herhome near Paris with grippe for thepast three weeks.j Miss Mildred Lisle dias concludeda very pleasant visit to Miss MargaretShropshire, in Cynthiana, and has returned to her home near Paris.- Mr. Charlton Clay, of "Marchmont," near Paris, and Mr. EdwardStoll, of Lexington, were hosts at a"tacky party" given at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, last night.; Carolyn Duvall Potts, little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Potts, whoJias been very ill at the home of hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. George Du-.vall, on Lilleston avenue, is improving., A letter from Miss Olive Taul, for-.merly of Paris, to her parents, Mr. and."i. iiiuuius iaui, in tins city, state?that the basket ball team of the Milford, Ohio, High School, of which sheis a member, has not lost a game thuseason. Miss Taul was one of the starson the team of the Paris High School( several years ago. The Milford teamrecently defeated the team from Uk.Newport High School by a score of 13to 10.j Mr. and Mrs. William Redmon, or' North Middlelown, entertained onlast Friday evening at the home'ot Mr. and Mrs. John J. RedUiion in honor of Miss Mari'e Talboand Mr. Frank Sledd. The homoI -was decorated with potted plants an-l,cut flowers. The guests were invited atjG:30 and when they had all arrived'they were invited into the dining1 Mlilflll' SfPL 1 , -J II l'2S3Sk 'Er3 itiAmvhinr WifW ric, ii"7 - M. . ItHfflfflVllSwSs-w yIf WEI(Other Personals on Page 5.)Inover a nnDion homes they inow .THIS IS CERTAIN.The Proof That Paris Readersnot Deny.Can-What could furnisih stronger evidence of the efficiency of any remedythan the test oi time? Thousands ofpeople testify that Doan's KidneyPills have brought lasting results.Home endorsement should prove undoubtedly the merit of this remedy.Years ago your friends and neighborsGATHER GAME BY HANDNEAR IRVINE, KY.rxtyi i ft rwl r llr r1XsP lii-v l n l riir1't-,,,,1 M'liAxn o .lalininni! l.nffof Innnli i.oiICU IV Lftlt. 1 VllCl. LIH-J- lltlU UC1IVCU!eon was served. The table was light !,rom the use of Doan s Kldney Plllsed witii red candles and in the center The' now confirm their testimonials,iwas a large vase of red and white cai-'They say time has completed the test,nations. The luncheon consisted of Geo. McCandles. Second street,, country ham, turkey, dressing, gravy, Paris, says: "My kidneys were inaeI hot rolls, cranberry jelly, chickeu'tive and I had backaches. Doan's Kid-salad, peas, creamed oysters, candied' ney Pjus put a stop to an tjie trouble.:apples, cheese loaf, wafers, celery , They gave me complete relief." (State-The high cost of meat has not beenon a large number of resourcefulsportsmen who took advantage ot thehigh waters of the Kentucky River andtributory creeks near Irvine. The backwaters in the lowlands forced rabbitsand quail to small areas of dry space,enabling the hunters to gather thegame by hand.It is reported that more than 2,000rabbits and several hundred quailwere caught in the dry spots.pickles, sandwiches and coffeej After being served the guests werJ seated at small tables. On each tablevas a compote of red and whitei twisted candy.ment given January 17, 1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles added: "IAt some time every woman has hadher coffee problem "bad coffee,medium coffee, coffee that was nevertwice the same."A million women have solved theproblem by serving Arbuckles'. Geta package of Arbuckles' Coffee todayand see why.Everyone likes it. Morning after morning a million men praise it for its fine,full flavor. 'Women depend on it. Inall these homes, it helps make breakfast a complete success.Read what a few of these women say:"I recommend Arbuckles Coffee to myfriends. I buy it all the time because it isbetter coffee." Miss B., Mercer, Ky.4,I use Arbuckles' because it is stronger than35c coffee, and Arbuckles packages are full16 oz." flflrs. V., Coldwater, Kans."I have been using Arbuckles' Coffee foryears. I think it is the only coffee fit todrink." Mrs. A. C. W., Lay, Colo."We have used Arbuckles' Coffee for tenyears, and have not yet found its superior crequal." Miss H., Bessemer, Ala."The finest cup of coffee I ever tastedl:'Like these million other women yencan have your husband say this. Isn'tthat satisfaction worth a little timeand effort wouldn't it be worthwhile even to make a special trip tothe grocery store for a package ofthat fresh, full flavored coffee a millionother men are enjoying?Have it tomorrow. H& will praise itmorning after morning. When youserve Arbuckles' you will know whyit has solved the coffee problem inover a million homes.After the luncheon the large table .have not had any need of a kidneyin the dining rootn was cleared and a remedy since I last endorsed Doan'i chair was placed on either side fo Kidney Pills. I consider myself per- jthe bride and groom-elects, when they nianently cured."nad beenseateu a large namper. cov Price 50 cents at all dealers Don 1 1erect m white crepe paper ana ueco- , , ftsk f wd remedy-gerated in red hearts, was carried in by ,- .,. , ,. ..r-lo i?co Pninn nmi HPiWfc Doa s Kidney Pills Uie same thaq0,i,i ahcc wmnm T.nnisP fnlHns UM-; Ir- McCandles has twice publicly rec-idressed in white covered with red ommended. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,hearts, and presented the hamper with Buffalo, N. Y. (adv) jThere are hundreds of varieties of coffee grown. To get thresult you want, the coffee itself must be right. ArbucklesCoffee is. It is put up by'Arbuckle Bros., the greatest coffeemerchants in the world. They can give you greater value incoffee than anyone else. No wonder Arbuckles' is the most popular coffee in America today!1 !J Was What Did It! "Heads" we have a Sale; "Tails" we don't have one!THE COIN was tossed into the air and fell on the floor "Heads Up !" The public won, so we are going to accept the small end of the purse and give our customers their greatest opportunity to buy real merchandise at honest reductions. When we say we can DOUBLE OUR MONEY on the goods we are sacrificingby Carrying them over untill next fall, we make an honest statement. We have always had a January Sale to reduce our stock, and although we are literallythrowing money out of the back door, we will not deviate from our policy of always having "what's what" in Men's and Boys' Apparel, so the Sale goes! People, it'sup to you1 If you want to save money, buy during this sale. If you are not particular about doing it, don't buy.SATURDAY, JANUARY 13th, IS YOUR LUCKY DAY!And every day during this Sale you can consider your lucky day if you take advantage of our TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS!Mien's Suits and OvercoatsMen's $10.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price $ 7-45Men's $12.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 945Men's S15.00 Suits and Overcoats .Toss of a Coin Sale Price 1 Q-43Men's $18.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 1 2.45Men's S20.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 1 4.45Men's Suits eiricl OvercoatsMen's $22.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale price $ 1 5.45Men's $25.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 1 7,45Boys' Suits and OvercoatsBoys' $3.50 Suits and OvercoatsiToss of a Coin Sale Price. . .Boys' $4. GO Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price . . .$2,753.25Boys' Suits and OvercoatsBoys' $5.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price $3.75Boys' $6.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 4.25Boys' $6.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Piice 4.75Boys' $7.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 5.75Boys' $9.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 6.75Of Course These Prices AreFor Cash!Hats$4.00 Hate, Toss of a Coin Sale Price 2"?$3.00 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price 75$2.50 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price 15$2.00 Hats. Toss of a Coin Sale Price J -4$1.50 Hats. Toss of a Coin Sale Price ;?JMen's Trousers, Shoes, Underwear, GSovcs, Caps, Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand Bags are All Proporlionately ReducedAUthoush it is customary to discontinue giving Blue Stamps during a sale of this kind, we will, as anShirts$3.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale Price$2.50 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale$2.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale$1.50 Shirts. Toss of a Coin Sale$1.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale$2.25Price.... 1.75Price 1.45Price 1.20Price 89cEXTRATwini-extra inducement, continue givang themwith all purchases. Can you ask for more?Everything Marked in Plain Figures! One Price to Everybody!lotting -and Shoe Dept. Men's Shop-9 L. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.'Save the Difference.'VfAGE FOltflTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1917;PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE. FARM CONDITIONS IN BOURBON. ,CLUB STANDING The past week, while not an especi-; MATRIMONIAL.W L Pet nllv frond nnp for t.lm fnrmp.r. nrnved tn 'Fordham Hotel 7 2 777 be beneficial to the tobacco interests,Durban lIILdrv 3 6 333 enablInS the growers to get their cropsR. P Walsh 1 5 165 to tlie local imarket in good shape.Notice to Water Consumers.TEVIS FAULCONER.The marriage of Miss Eleanor Tevh?A HOLD-UP.Most on we onermgs was oi a ve'and Mr E p- Faulconer Wednesday,rp, i?ii uti , .. wu,wi j- fmr minlit.v. nnn t.lift nnpps realized. n.. ;nii. in . ..,..xu.c rmuuaiu xiuiei ivaiu iuuucu u - - j'was One OI tile urillia.UL buciai cvciiibin on their opponents, tihe Bourbon were entirely satisfactory, as evidenc- of tne New Year at Danville. TheLaundry team in the game played at ed by the fact tihat there were no re- bride is a handsome and attractivethe Fordham Alleys Tuesday night in jections. (young women who has frequently beenthe Paris Bowling League series. The The local houses, the Bourbon (Con-' a guest of Paris friends. Miss MarieFordham. team outrolled their oppo 'solidated) and the New Independent, Talbott, of Paris, attended the wednents by a (majority of 278 pins. The each held five sales disposing Df an', ding.SSL "Zi waes witnessedbv a good SWte of 967,505 pounds of tobacco,S'oftpecUtors Jones wasthc to 68.532.65. an averageshining light for Uie Fordham team, of $17.42. Speculators have been gi-making the high score of 206 in the ing through the county, trying to buysecond game for high honors, followed up the crops, but uhe growers seemfor second place by Determan with Jijto prefer taking their chances on theBcore of 185. For the Laundry team local open markets.Jackson was high man, rolling 171 in ' Hemp breaking has begun, and athe first game, and also annexing sec fe-w crops nave been sol(i at goodond place with a score of 169. The rices but others are holding the. .r V1 1 -.(. .EUUlO luiiuno.Water accounts are rendered forquarter from January to April 1, andmust be paid at the office of the ParisWa,ter Company in fifteen days, or water will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can ipay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will bocredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.The Lawrenceburg News says, regarding the newsprint situation: "TheI News is of 'the same opinion stillthat the high cost of print paper, paidby the country plants, is a straight-oathold up. When or how the little fellows expect to get relief is still an unsolved problem. The consciencelessstruggle aner tne aimignty dollar isa wonderful incentive to boost highprices and then lay it at the threshliold of the European war."SHOOTING CASE CONTINUEDFORDHAM1 2Jones : 144 20Gstaple back for an advance. It is notlikely that the hemp in this county172 will sell at the 1916 price, which wasSwearengen "!.".. 7." "."."!." 141 137 123 ,$16 per hundred, but the growers be-TWm-mnn185 114 125'lieve that it will reach as high asDeterman 185TTatift 172Thomas 169Totals SllLfAUNDRY.Jackson 171Burgin 125Templin 100Santen I32Funk lr3159125741 768 116S $15.00.168 1 Ecus are still climbing 'heavenward, selling at some places for fifty1 2134137114114169Totals 691 658 690Fordham Totals 231Laundry Totals 2039Fordhrn Majority 27SBASKET BALL, PARIS VS.GEORGETOWN TO-MORROWThere will be a basket ball gamehere between Georgetown College andthe local Y. M. C. A. team to-nior-nownight at 8 o'clock. It is hopedtiiat a good crowd will be present tourge the Paris boys to victory. Inthe earlier part of the season a veryiiiAii rfpfeat was received at thehands of Coach Root Hinton's "Ti-. A. 1.-.. llllf Igers on tne ueorgeuwi hwi , "that's another story. Will you be oncto help confirm this fact by makingyour presence "felt" in the "Y" Gym?Win or lose, it will be a game worthseeing and one of the best on the localfloor this season. .Regardless of former records. Panst oiwoc liiifl n tp.am that couldji&o ui. .' . m .oVn ovon n creditable showingagainst Kentucky's strongest teams.Those in charge, as well as otherfriends of tihe organization, and loyalParisians, are hqping to secure another point of respect in the eyes of theTeal teapns of the State. We're aiminghigh; but we hope not rash. Can wenot base this statement partly on theState University game?cents ner dozen. The rise has been. 'steady for a month or more and the1C-) poultry )men in many places are hold112 in& tlie eSSs for another rise.120 i The livestock markets continue to reimport light sales. The mule market10 'seems to be fairly active, and cattleouyers are quieuj piuuims oiufor feeders. This section is constantly shipping to the Cincinnati markets.Stock feeding fell off during thweek on account of the mild weatherwhich makes is possible for the animates to make use of the pastures toa large extent. Unless the weatherbecomes decidedly more severe thant has been tihus far cheap and profitable gains will be the rule this winter.A WALKING SALOON.Chief of Police Link last night airested "Bill" Smith, a habitual criminal of Cynthiana. Smith is wanted iaHarrison on various charges, he having broken jail at that place on severaloccasions. When arrested Smith wason (his way to Carlisle and had onhim 20 quarts of whiskey and other"wet" goods.schwartz Mclaughlin.That romance is not dead and thailove will find the way eventually wasremonstrated in this citv Wednesdaymorning; when Miss 'Nellie Schwartz,of Paris, became the bride of Mr. Thos.McLaughlin, of Lexington, and a former resident of Paris. Mr. McLaughlin and Miss Schwartz had been loversfor many years and tiheir marriagewas the culmination of an acquaintance that began in their childhood inParis.The marriage took place at the residence of the officiating minister, ReFather Eugene DeBruyn, pastor of thePhiimh of tihe Annunciation in thiscity, in the presence of a few intimatefriends and relatives of the bride andgrocfni. After the ceremony the happy couple left for a short weddingjourney to New Orleans and the South,and UDon their return will make theirQiome in Paris temporarily, but plan t"purchase a permanent home in Lexington, where they will reside in thefuture.The bride is the adopted daughterof the late Mr. and Mrs. JacobSchwartz, of Paris, in whose lidme shehas spent the larger part of her lifeShe is a young woman of personal attractiveness and' of unusual accomplishments. She was reared as tenderly as Mr. and Mrs. Schwartz couldhave raised one of their own children,and she lovingly repaid all their loveand tender care by a lifetime of devotion. Mr. McLauKhlin is a son of Mrs.Margaret McLaughlin, of Lexington.who was a native 01 rans, anu is lkcousin of Murray, James and WilliamHiggins, of this city, Mrs. McLaughlinbeing a sister of Mrs. Thomas A. Higgins. He has been Deputy Sheriff ofFayette county for the past three yearsand for six years previous was in theoffice of the City Treasurer of Lexington under, several administrationsHe enjoys a deserved popularity anion.;a wide circle of friends and is a gentleman of many admirable qualities.Notice to Creditors.In the Police Court at Lexington.Wednesday, the case of Oakley Hilton, of Paris, charged with the malicious shooting and wounding of Cleveland Smith, in Lexington, some timeago, was continued until this morning.Hilton became involved in an altercaition with Smith over a crap game in r.Lexington hotel, and ,in the strugglefor possession of a revolver Smith wasshot in the side. Hilton was arrestedcharged with the shooting.All persons having claims againstthe estate of P. J. Millett, deceased,are hereby notified to present thesame, proven as required by law, onor before the 15th day of February,1917, in order that the same may bepaid, to Enimett M. Dickson, AttorneyatlLaw, in the First National BankBuilding, or to the undersigned.MECHANICS BANK & TRUST CO.,As Executois of P. J. Millett,Knoxville, Tenn.ARM BADLY SPRAINED.Mrs. Win. Myall fell on the icy pavement in front of the court house yesterday afternoon and received a badlysprained right arm from the fall. Shewas re-moved to her home where DWilliams attended 3ier.COL. W. F. CODY.NOTICEAll who are indebted to me mustcoVne in and settle before the 1st ofFebruary, or I will turn over to myattorney for immediate collection allof my accounts, which will makeyour debt more than double the original amount, besides the annoyance.As my past dealings were pleasant Ihope the future will be the same.J. ELVOVE,Home Phone 360. Paris, Ky.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMONOTICEPersons having machinery, grasseed strippers, etc., stored in thebuildings at the Fair Grounds, are requested to move same at once thatthe buildings may be wrecked andAmoved away.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,(12-2t) Paris, Ky.CHILD BADLY BURNED.TWO ADJUDGED INSANE.Col. W. F. Cody, known the worldlover as "Buffalo Bill," noted frontiersEarl Anderson, 5, son of George Anderson, of Jackson street Winchester,came near being burned to deathTuesday when his clothing caught fnefrom an open grate. The flames enveloDed him and his clothing was prac-jtically burned from his body. He suffered painful burns about the bodyand legs........ wt mitiln iiul cVirtivMrs. Horatio N. Wilkins, -ll-known ;-; " honle of his" sister,and highly-respected Pans woman, Mrs Marv Cody Deckert in Denverwas tried in Judge McMillan s -?urr, . v0iere he had been seriouslyon a lunacy charge. The jur auJu"- ni for several weeks from uraemic jed her to be ol unsounu imuu, m. 1 poisoning idered her committed to the Eastern. Cq1 qw wag bom Feb 26 1S4. :iTontiiokv Hosnital for the insane a. ,,, t.o Wo wn? nI ill OlJLL tuuiii;, """ "'- -descendant of an old Scotch tamiiyyear.narents moved to Leavenworth.EAT APPLES FORHEALTH AND ECONOMYPUBLIC SALE-OF-Fair Grounds Buildings.We will sell at public auction, on thepremises, onLarge Red Rose Beauty Apples,cents per peck.(It) BATTERTON'S."0Friday, January 12thPRETTY LITTLEElla HallIN"The lovely Girl"Bluebird Production.Also the sixth episode ofTHE YELLOW MENACE.SATURDAY, JANUARY 13.William Farnum inFires of ConscienceThe story of a strong man's test ofhonor. Directed by Oscar C. Apfel.Wm. Fox production.MONDAY.Owen Moore and Margaret Courlot in"ROLLING STONES"produced by Famous Players. HeidiHolmes in "The Double Fight." Ninthepisode of "A Lass of the Lumberlands."Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.i urnNSURPNCEpoursacs?L. -..2ZZ-es- --'inseparable Companionsthey should be the Wedding Ringance Policy.and the Life Insur-Kentucky Hospital for the InsaneLexington.x.exinsum. M). descendant 01 an oiu acoicn iuMrs. Wilkins is tihe widow of Horat.o "Buffalo Bill" was five 3r .rmii.t.... .i, win ho rememberel : "V" "u,,t"u .,, ,xvj. winviiio, . ..... ----- old ins -parents moveu 10 i-eaveixwoiLii.Dy tne oiuer uuua - -- Kansas. At the age 01 ten ne iounuducting a tin shop and stove store atthe corner of Main and Fifth streets,on the site now occupied by the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co. ,building. She was twice married, herchildren, Charles Ross and Horatio"Birdie") Wilkins, having died someyears ago. .On tihe same day, a nineteen-yeai-olcolored girl was adjudged insane and-was ordered sent to the State Hospital. The two unforunates were takento the institution together.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSMr. John W. Bell, of Harrison-n. nnrrfmswl throuKh Hams ViSpeakes, of Paris, the Lloyd Asliurstand Bethlehem pike, near Paris for$127.50 an acre, or a total of ji,iiu.The farm contains one of the mostsubstantial farm dwellings m mcounty, and is well improved in everyrespect Mr. Bell will move to hisnew home when possession is given-rv. ori will became a res'-next iiu.iii, ..dent of tihe county.himself at the head of the family, du Ito the death of his father, who was;killed in an encounter growing out oiB-4 fIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsFIRE AT BARBOURVILLE.The stock of the Deathridge Gro-, i i;n rur-T :i n i wii u uiiic vuiuuuu. wi.a dispute over tne siave quusuuii. --- -- -.-----.-,,,.to.ti.:,rt's.uv various stages ul jnogicaaiuu u-pame unide. scout, trapper and soldier,making himself one of the most picturesque figures in America. He metdeath as he met life, squarely andwithout flinching. The most romanticfigure left over from the days of thrilling Indian fights and clashes withwhite renegades a figure at once thedespair and envy of every red-bloodedboy in America a remnant of the organization that once roamed the plains.it Hid Wpct rlisnnnp.ared with tll3death of "Buffalo Bill."The bodv will lie in state in tin PENITENTIARY FIRE CAUSESState Capitol at Denver until Sunday J LOSS OF TWO LIVESwnen tne luntjrai &civiv;cb uhu .-.ment will take place.covered by insurance. The buildingwas owned by John N. Tinsley. Hisloss is about $1,200. The Croly Hardware and Grocery Company suffered aloss of $1,500 by fire and water, hillycovered by insurance.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas,Woodford& Bryan.SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1917,beginning at 2 o'clock, all the buildingslocated on the Bourbon Fair Grounds,on Main street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;Three cattle barns;Two hog houses;1 One sheep barn; j1 One frame kitchen; j' Four small frame ticket offices; j; One large frame amphitheatre. 'The amphitheatre, containing a large famount of seasoned lumber, will boIsold in lour separate sections anl'then as a uhole, the best bid or bids jto be accepted.Purcihsers of the amphitheatre will Ibe required to remove same from the !premises within 3 weeks; purchasersol tne suiuies anu ouier uuiiunigs in us,remove them within 2 weeks.TERMS Sums of $20 and under,cash in hand. Over that amount acredit of six months will be given onan approved note payable at the De-Iposit & Peoples Bank, and bearinginterest at the rate of G per cent.WILDER. CAYWOOD & GOREY.(12-3t)A policy of Life Insurance in her favor should be the firstgift to the bride,If that were always the rule, there would be fewer unhappy homes, less poverty and humiliating dependence.There is a Life Insuradce PolicyTo Meet Every Purse.The Northwestern Wool Life Insurance Co.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 220 First Nat'l BanK Bldg. r:, KY.ec' vf" l&i. 'ammSI"I"M"I"M"2"M1 1 1 "i 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 !:"""Ir55;JJaH, Ji-k!VI A mJI fi. WA JE B -iririr-"-v 'i7&ss:;2 m.:-::?jjhrml ': Jyy f'''&"',. .JONO RUBBER IN THESE TIRES.jnt of tOie county. . uejng used in Germany in the nianu-Mr. Thos. F. Branmm, of exSJ-?J facture of bicvele and light automorougli the Paris Realty Co.. ol wis j wJ leather, woodUirougliFRANKFORT, KY., Jan. 11. Twodead and forty-five injured, overcomewith heat or prostrated by the shock,'in the. prison Oiospital, are the toll ofn r.r-o fM-cririatirnr frnm llpffP.tlVR GlGC-Several substitutes for rubber arc i trie wiring,) which gutted Cell HouseA, the colored section of the iteiormatory, Monday night. All are negroes.The dead are Dave Fife, of L.exingZIIIIIIIHIl LllLi A. T I11IUi-ltv. sold a one-story frame cottage oi. n,'r(iA eanvas have been resort-! ton. and Bill Jones, of Owingsville,Clifton avenue in the old Pair brounciot , he laLter a ,ife termei. aild a trusty &.Addition to Paris, to Mrs. .TWel3 ,5 Tdie steel wire tire was the first to the shoe factory. Will Jones, of Win&Pftnnfl street, lor 2,100. Mrs. weun u , thrp.e-sixteenths of an Chester, is m a serious condition. BothT . o nrnnPTtv as a llOJlie. . '''",; ...., .i .... J..f ,.o.r.i..- i , l,,.,.51,1-iu uwujjj ." ":r -, ,:, i,SheriffsC.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTH. NEIL & SONS PlaiutiifeVs. Notice of Sale.P. BAILEYtMlTOfl PhvBI- IinCIl IIIICK. UIIU lUilUU UJJ ihwj u. j :ilb ICgO mc iiu""".' . .-... ......Mr. Charles Darnell, ol uiiwic, V."'ci0e coil, and two ends being welded icians believe the others will recoverpurchased of Mr. Perry Bronaubu, m tQ ive u the proper shape. Its great- The men were rescued trom the ceilfarm near Hutchison. Mr. Lronaugi. , egfc fauJt .g that k cuts the pavement ' house atter they had spent over anrecently purchased 200 acres ot lanajan(i is noisy. ihour in the roasting heat and deadlynear Nicholasville, and will move ti( g,ome wooden tires are made of a! smoke, locked in their cells with thethat place in March. single piece of wood and others are flames lu.t'.ng down at them andProf. J. M. Scott sold his farm ot -in secLional 0ne is composed of 17 creeuin? toward them in plain sight, jacres, located on the Jacksonville tg T'he sjngie pieCe of wood is the horror of their position accenuatedjti. hofn-ppn Jneksonville and Shaw- , ... ctr;n nr iMthpr. mill iv M-jchinir timhprs from the roof and Iban, vesterday, to Mr. J. L. Perant. :betweeil ie un(ier surface and tlif is around the cells, which are piledT2ie fa'rm, which is one ot the best i:1rim are several steel springs whicn tier on tier, four around theenter. otthe county, is well improved, anu elasticity In addition, on bicy- the Ions narrow building..i 11 Tlif rlmir.P. naiU WRS , . ,v1,,w1 tia frrmf rril,.. it.afn irnttcn rllf 'it tVlP rieV nfC1 w,WH.. W"b . ww -w. w-? ..A nfnAMAl T T II 2 lrnilT IM1M?nmpiv l 11-1. i-zAm a. .w i.- i nirxo cnnm'v :i ! .1 i.Litiitu lj i.a .tv.- iiicvnot made public, but is understood Uja;id'rear forks the lives of fellow prisoners anl. 1 rrsmA nrfo All'. Penint TO-! . i: .. minl Ji ,.-, ,1, -arn or.-mpllPf1 tn flif n1 lie canvas tires aic mn-u 'i- gumuo, u "w- w(i.v-..v-v. v v..0 .nave ueeu a guyu v..- - - wrne canvas tires aiccenUy sold his farm on the elluo;jwooa ami other substances... tj ;n not nncsQPSCioil Ot inem piKe. nv to-- i ,the Scott farm in. March. "jSPANISH.MINIATURE SHIPSFOR NAVAL TRAINING.The study of Spanish is becoming in j The naval militia of New York Stateii ior. in nnr sprondarvliioc pip-ht miniature battleships tonhnnU and colleges. Wliere one stu- train officers and recruits in the man- conscious anadent now is interested in the unpopular Greek, a hundred are seeKing at hole through the wall at the rear cfithe annex, extenuing out irom uie ctu:j house, and use ladders and ropes toreach the imprisoned men anu leuthem down, after climbing alongplanks pushed before them on thegirdr-rs.Manv of them were taken out un-restored by Coronervnowiprfp-P of SDanish. This is well;our business future, especially afterthe war sets loose English. French andGerman commercial agents to recoverlost connections, lies in Spanish-speakingLatin America and it will be aperiod of tihe keenest competition.The more people in this country whoknow something of Spanish the betterour chances for commercial conquestand the seeds of a vast and newprosperity may easily be sprouted toibe south of ujb.also shown in the recruiting offices a., Cavwooci the prison physician, ina means 01 aiiracuus mien, v"them has been in use for three week inconnection with offices in New YorkCity. Each ship is mounted on amotor truck and is 2G feet long by 5feet wide. Its turrets stand 8 feetabove the deck, and are modelled afterthe U. S. S. Connecticut. Men concealed in the interior operate the motors and also the signal system, including the searchlights, with which thevessel is as fully equipped as a boatdesigned for actual service.Dr. Caywood, the prison physician, inattending the rescued men as fast asthey could be taken in.All the other ,750 prisoners in thatcell house were let out In safety, butthe fire and smoke drove back theguards and prisoners who were assisting them in unlocking the cells beforeWalks 11 and 12, the upper tiers, werereached, and nothing could be donffor their relief until the fire was uuder control.' There are 1,478 prisoners in theFrankfort prison and about '800 werain Cell House A.Under and by virtue of a judgmand order of sale rendered at the January, 1017, term of the Bourbon Quarterly Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedSheriff, onMonday, Feb. 5at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder,the following described pdoperty:One L. H. Niel & Sons Piano,style 15 P. mahogany, number571G9, with stool and scarf.Said sale will be made upon a creditof three jmonths, the purchaser or purchasers being required to executebond with good surety, bearing interest at six per cent from date of sale,and due three months therefrcm. saidbond to have the force and effect of ajudgment, with the privilege to thepurchaser or purchasers to pay thpurchase price in cash.Said sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying tihe judgment of plaintiffsherein, in the sum of One Hundredand Fifty-Four Dollars ($154.00) together with interest thereon at sixper cent, per annum from November10, 1913, until paid, the costs of thisaction, and the expenses incident tothe sale.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.0. T. HINTON,Attorney for Plaintiff.(12-19-26-feb2)i . aA. 1f 1 Sk f Ain'3?t JmfS7SWSStW7 "W! tfArr X. ;. w.i- ..''-3?.zx&&jr. 'An voiGKiOR'iv -y v wi t nxgfc mimmmK :' . vou m ourDefendant. X fe.t&&8& AWMV':, nriOmaC4 K5ssi5?3?'. :-- -eaa below how vonI j. W Vwyr'BrfAjtftTjJvJL .Stir '& KAi? T W jy Jr mt. 1917.11 BBBHBfVr7W12 iliSjl g5ygf?m&r Come in ; ask about if,: The first step to success is BEGINNING to SAVE.Would John D. Rockefeller be the richest man in the; world if he had not SAVED his FIRST DIME?! PIGWe offer you an easy way to begin. Come in; get; FREE a "Christmas Banking fc Club" book. Put in ourbank only a DIME; increase your deposit only a DIMEeach week; in fifty weeks you will have $127.50.I You can also start in with 1 or 2 or 5 cents and in1 crease your deposit this same amount weekly for 50weeks and have $12.75, $25.50 or $63.75.We also have clubs where you begin with $1.00 or$2.00 or $5.00 and put in this same amount every weekfor 50 weeks and get $50 or $100 tr $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!You can start T0D AY-START.Deposit and Peoples Bank4-$4tttZ4-4t4ttS -yFRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIV!zA4JiFOR THE BEGTSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BOURBON LODGE I. O. O. F.INSTALLS NEW OFFICERSAt the regular meeting of BourbonLodge No. 23, I. O. 0. F., held Monday night at the lodge rooms in theI fAA T711. m...i .m Mr? Aforn-nrof rvrw.,,, r - uuu rc"u icuipie, reports oi ailFED SEEDS AND OCKZSiZFiFr . . -uss ormne Collins is visiting nrimr i,iio r.oCf ,.Qoi. xu,. T i-t"-"' . . . . tne",' S- '" .nt!Ston- West Virginia. !md paid ut Tode7 f urts n, "f,YCotton Seed Meal, Mill! "'';,, ?'"?' ,s; Sa Siclc benefi. ?s.oo; burials, moo-. . a --m w wt. v. aIIIC. 1VJ. V. I'illlHI !.... 1 -Feed, Oats, Clover and Tim-; in Richmondothy Seeds.C S. BRENT & BRO;(till niarl-F)FRANK &. CO.WANTED.Chickens, ducks and turkeys. Highest market price. Phone 207.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.'guest tins week of Mrs. E. V. Elder. w,we ,wf' 11 1 'I ' nn "U.". .in Richmond -wV,.t, .u uipiiauo, ?j.uu.uu, wmows-Mr. P. J Pryor. of Detroit. Mich.. H2, 2F''S5;. ?"!?:. -Miss Hermine He.ser has returned S M.HS& E?,"'of seveTdavs toTrm'i,afnV Sit ienses; ?1780- our Petitions have-MrU'Ms'lKTFo-d have as ."eeive jrtnee the etose of 1916. $ti,pcc ot tiia i, '' ;" i -7 -,, Following the business sessionand Mrs Sto w ir? Ml Deputy Grand Master E. B. January? uertz, of George- conducted the installation ceremonies.!?ANNOUNCINGOYSTERS TO-MORROW.The ladies of SL Peter's Episcopalchurch will serve oysters to-morrowRemnant SaleANDi1trvYi Vi4-k f11yitM j-v-. rr:MA. xi B-Mrs. Frank Donaldson and chil-Z" "CJUilrmi nf fom,ion m,; - . ,UUJ; ei e iiiuucteu into vinue: wm. ;mT and Mrs HP Pn rfo,-01 Past Grand' Wm- CWsholm.ftonvHle Cll" Noble Grand; Lawrence Price, Vice- g,, ... Grand: James Temnlin. "Rprnrfliny.Mr. ana .Mrs. O. D. Gray, of New- sprpt-rv. Wnr,i v!OC v?ioi!-.w ..,, v...v. .. u.. .xu, l 1UUUWU-M. VanHook.m any style desired, in the var.inf u.v iaui&uii county, were guests Oi cam.a(.w. TyWi.storeroom on Main street, adjoining relatives in Paris and Bourbon county Treasurer; Homer Shv, Right Supporthe Fair Store and Stout's Cafe. They tlus week- . . . ter to Noble Grand; Charles Alexan-ask a snare oi your patronage, (it)TURKEYS FOR SALE.Several nice hen turkevs for sale,at) MRS. C. C. LEAR.luiuug mic vibiiurs in .rans tins ,!,. t off c, ,.,. t.- xwi n,i.xTjTiritlI: John Chisholm. Right 'supporter toI ice-Grand ; Davis Stevens, Left Sup-MOVING.Seaton, Mrs. Arthur Box and Mrs. Par-rish Clary.Mrs. Jas. M. Hall entertained yesterday at the Sweet Shop with cardsin honor of ther handsome niece, Mis:Dorcas Ussery.Mr. Claybrook Jacoby, son of Mrand Mrs. J. W. Jacoby, is very ill atporter to Vice-Grand; WYri. S. Arn-sparger. Warden; W. O. Sadler, Chap-Clearance SaleNow Going OnHUNDREDS OF REMNANTS saved just for thisSale will be offered at prices that will prove most interesting in view of the continued advance of all materials.Jain; Monroe Mansfield, Right SceneSupporter; Luther Mclntyre, LettScene Supporter: Silas Lawrence, Inside Guardian; Chas. W. Fothergill,u. ti, rk,. 1, i,. 1 , U"U HITS. ,J. W. jaCODV. IS VerV 111 at -..:.i n i:..moving Qiis studio frdm the upstairs rlie l101? of lns Parents, near Hutcn-j The Initiatory Degree will be conrooms over THE NEWS office to the lson with pneumonia. . ferred on a number of candidates atrooms in the rear of Longo's fruitMiss Marie Talbott andiAll. ' f,i0 ninotintr tr ho holfl nn ATonilnvstore, on Main street, between Sev- 5ra"kT.S1?dd' f Pa.S' attended .tllGlnight, February 5. Noble Grandentli and Eisrhth streets. ,Tevi3-laulconer wedding at Danville,: rhisholm reqliests that all membeia.Wednesday afternoon. nf io,wQ ot!n0r.;-,ih- imhprc nfWOODFORD SELLS BROOD MARE. ' Dr- UcirY Scfliwartz, of Columbus, tne Degi'ee Team, and young mem-i g.uiiio, is a visitor in rans, navmg coin? bers wno wouki ue to take part atf ntfrrrl fhn Qoli'oi'r,.'MnT ninrlilni ' .. , . n. .Clearance Sale gf All Odd PiecesOFSILKS, DRESS GOODS,WASH and WHITE GOODSMr. J. Hal Woodford, of Paris, has t0 1a"end V Schwartz-McLaughlinsold to Mr. J. C. Milam, of Lexington, j "s " wuuuubuaj.the brood tnare. Nell Olin, a half-sis-' JJrs- Harry G. Thompson and son.ter to Ead News and dam of Elizabeth ' J,Ir- Harr-V Braml Thompson, of Macon,D R., which was sold for $2,000 as i (Jeorr;Pa' are Suest5 of Mr. and Mrs. P.vearling, and her yearlying bay filly by , A- TP"1: S.Sine,r aventue- ,hannrxr Anntr nurrninso mn,io ' Mrs. Sallie Bishop has returned tothe degree work, be present at themeeting Monday night.by Mr. Milam from Mr. Woodford washer home in Georgetown after a visitDreamsome, a three-year-old filly byjlJ !'?T ;T T ' VSuperman, out of Ballmena, by Adam, ' a Patient in the Massie Memorial Hosshe out of Ellangowan (dam of Cock-,Dltal;T T T .O'-Tlie-Walk.) The price paid for the' Mrs- S M Wilmoth, of Pans andhorses was not made public I ??.uF,lte1r' Mrs- .Lynn ,M?ore' oC D.eiF0!tfM1UI1., llil U ItJLUllipU IIOIJI O. VISIL. IUMr. and Mrs. Robt. Goggin, in Georgc-TO OUR PATRONS.town.Attorney Wm.Grannan has return-Tfrir nincr TonnQinr 14 tlio nripo rf, e1 r,vr enfi-v runner win i,. ! ed frclu Louisville, where he has beensevens-five cents. This increase is r "je past Uv weeks Investigatingnecessary under present market condi-, Jand titles for the Bramblette heirs, o.tions and we hope for a continuance i Nicholas count.Xf vf. notmnnirp Ir- and Mrs- Stanhope Wiede-01 our Pa;s CkFE I maim and little daughter have return-HOTEL WINDSOR. jd fJom an, extended visit to Mrs.(q 9. . jWiedn-nann's parents. Mr. and Mrs. J.""" ' D. Purcell, in Lexington.WIKTHPTPR OFFICIALS ' Mr- and MrS Rion DW' wll haVeWINCHESTER OFFKgALS been guests of Mr and Mrs. R P Dow,land the family of Mr. B. D. Marsh,,, r i . !, nr;n near Paris, for several weeks, haveThe following appeared m the Win- nom jn Deg IoinesChester corresiondence of the Lexmg-tt 1.1 .l:., tV,n ynnnn vici' 10i.ton neram legdiuuio tuc 'i 'EXTREMES MEET INWEDDING AND FUNERAc.From gay to grave, a iliappy weddingrnrty to a saddened group of mournersfollowing the cornse of a loved out1,occurred at the church of the Annunciation, in this city, Wednesday morning. The wedding of Miss NellieSchwartz, of Paris, and Mr. ThomasMcLaughlin, of Lexington, and thefuneral of Mrs. Edward Grace, ofCovington, followed each otiher in aperiod of ten minutes, furnishing thesettling for extremes that rarely meetin so short a space of time. The wedding preceeded the funeral by a fewmoments only and the same train tharbrought the corpse and the funeralparty to Paris carried tihe happybridegroom and bride away on theirSouthern honeymoon trij).FOR ASSESSOR.We are authorized to announce MrWalter Clark, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationFTl- Tu 1 f n O inin Tniiwnnl rtf !iri- m ; h i .- i ii i r .1111111111 ii . . a --k 1. .of inspection made here by Winches- w41 dlv qavs. .Mr and Mrs for the office 01 Assessor ot uouiooater Hospital officials: "G. L. Wainscott a S?;,. S xorth M?ddletown' County' with Mr; John J' Red,m0?' ofand R.M. Scobee, representing the'?0" North Middletown precinct asWinchester Hospital Board, paid ,1 " ainefr uXtel Mrs I i Deputy Assessor, subject to the actionvisit of inspection Monday to the Mas- '?IL ffplnn' c the Democratic party at the primary..- u. .vrfr !. . 1, . t n 1 i -v cntiivnnv ittT?nrTrririsie Hospital, in Paris. They learned , w'that an annual sum of $2,000 is con-j TVIw. Leo Grosche. of Armstead,tributed by the city and $3,000 by tlw ontana, wlio .has been visiting his faFiscal Court of Bourbon county toward tl)er? Ir chris. Grosciie, in Montgomthe maintenance of the institution. An erv Alabama, has returned to Parisapplication will doubtless be made tc foj. a visit ,to ,j brothers. Jos.. Willthe Council and Fiscal Court here foiallj Henry Grosche. before returningaimilar appropriations for the Win- lo llis h0nie,Chester hospital." !J Mr. Charlton Clay and Air. EdwardMONEY SAVED 'SoH. of Lexington, entertnined la?'FOR HOUSEKEEPERS, nieht at the Phoenix Hotel with j, "Tackey Party." Quite a number o'Call phon :aa-nd get Ratterlon s Bourbon county s societv sc. v.ei"prices on tomatoes, corn, etc., by th." present. The entprtainment was .:tjozen. (It) , pronounced success and greatly cn-- joyed by those present.PLAT GRF0AUNDS BUILDING SITES1 -Edward, little son of Mr. and Mrs.0 .Edward Doty, of Pans, was taken toKdX tse grou The HtU. fellow will underBo n opeson; tracts and are to be placed oiij 6ag recenUy at their home iaIVturtSer particulars call on the r""", "'? "HSf!";, . 1 iir. eiL xo-iiici, jl .uiu.im, .., .....election to be held on Saturday, Au4. 1917. They respectfully ask yousupport.CURTAINSIn Pair and Two-Pair Lots, to Close Out.MUSLIN UNDERWEARSlightly Soiled and Mussed.Final Cut in Prices of AllSUITS, DRESSES and COATSThese are Bargain Days, and wise buyers will do wellto visit our store early.is2PRANK & COMPANY1undersiened.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,(12-2t) Paris, Ky.CARD FROM HOTEL WINDSOR.land Mrs. J. B. Banks and daughterMiss Dorothy, of Louisville; Mr. and' Mrs. H. C. Shipp, Mr. and Mrs. Paulchiv. Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Shipp. Mrs.B. D. Shipp, and Miss Marion Ship-J.'of Lexington, and Mr. W. F. Heath-man, of Clintonville.t ripsirp to thank the people of Parin.i TmiT-iinn nniiniv for their liberal .MimnnirP in the oast and to ask for a Mr. and Mrs. Thrias McLaughlin..continuance of the same for the com- rCwly-weds, were guests of honorio,- t nm penerfallv indebted to Wedredav at a luncheon tendered b!.- nJimnfc wim hv their influence fi1P bridesa-oom's mother, Mrs. Mar- tewiQi the traveling public have con Rart McLa?filin. at her home on mtriljuted largelv to the success of the p.ast Maxwell street, in Lexington tigWindsor A. hotel cannot be maintain- Qnlv the members of the two families pod without the support of the hom. and a few friends were present. The gjpoonle and I value their friendship and hmT1p was tnstcfiillv decorated with Kcooperation accordingly. milax plnr-ts pink loses mid carna-.Lin this connection I beg to say t-iiat Hones, while baskets of pink roses aMrs Carl Crawford lias charge of the and pjnk shaded lights adorned the 8gru-inan- deparUnent, and that her sei- tabips. Those present for the luni-,viJes are at all tijnes available in pre eon besides the members of Mrs. Mc Mpairing special menus for entertain- Laughlin's family were Mrs Margaret f g. i r'nni nf N'ov.-iinrt. sister 01 tn 3ments. iu-"uw Wi- -"-..,----, - tThanking vou again for your favors, bride: Dr. Henry Sciiwartz. 01 uoiuuiI rimain " bus, Ohio, nephew of the bnde; Jiw;O. L. U-VlO, .ThOS. A. HlgSUiS. Ji iino, ""v --the brideurceVw. Missos liattie anaElla Murray, Mrs. Wm. Irvine andivfi-cc Nannie Feeney. After the luncn-1 H., ..r,', ftmc- - 1 Z ' rf f15 1I for this genuine 1jfl Victor-Victrolam Yes sir, a genuine 810 VictorVictrola for 15. h.J Hardly scorns possible, gg duel yet diis new insLrti- piw ment embraces all the m .f fn nfli m r t. t- :i 1 Virrnr- w Im Victrola principles. " S'BThe J. T. Hinton CoTAKEADVANTAGEOF THEAnd the unequa I e d g;Victor-Victrola tone ; ;that's the most important Uthing of all.Come in today r.ndhear it no obligationon your part, but youwon't want to do withoutone.Other styles S25 toVictors 810 to 3100.$300.b'uy K(It)Proprietor.BLIZZARDS! SNOW! ICE!WEATHER MAN'S GIFT. con. Mr. and Mrs. McLauenim lett 101WEATHfcK mai month's trip to New Orleans andJ ?arS ra(Other Personals on Page 3.)SSPSffiSSS. iS' ARRESTE0 OH CRUB.TVsunlight and -warmth, it may ue uum-, -nunrrron with cruelty to animals inmafaninp a cow, Bill Lemons, a well-,known CynOiiana character, wab a.-rested in Paris. Weunesuay, aim iu-r : tiiom m know they are escasing tiie rigors and stress of thmost changeable climate on earth.Following a period of ciear, un-rthanSS tS".ua..f of te ISSd to CyntMana by omcers for.,ice, accompanr -...i rio,i nn this section that city.epiu 'u uv, - - npdestrfans TheIIRMIHV IlIKllU. U" -.-- i-n'lipzcd crime for which Lemwas arrested was comiitted abouu j.Vtag indoors ror materia, oomtorc on. a"SSaiid protecUon. ine ; "- " ;' - nk Brinker was found in a ficidtended rapidly in the tube ar ,d d toPrankB, n.e r claimed at th,w,inncv TiiommK had reached tn minaoi.u . sirinnmllt,w mark of 15 degrees above m tune tnat cr-dwed. Lem-'Tii0 ,r,-cifat;nn came with such suaden- nine, uut l'u vrn Pnnntvi- rtr WOC P1VM1I it. llCUlllIh. wvtv w w .- ,inks as to catch many.iaraen, ""S " nSlfftr and held over in $53pured to shelter Uierr siock. . g answer to the grand jury atSSLirr nS'SS- rnext term or the Harrison C.rcu.tJiDlds.a trms if desired. ir Iypr j iry Jiy. .-.-. ffiAfSV v-s :riv&-$ v vDiGHERIY BROS. 1BISB Bl IMCAnilUlRuWe Are ShowingIN O UR WINDO WSYou Can Get Them JmtOnce a Year.THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.tIUNDERTAKINGTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 117.ft1rtWtHb.1 mz,.V.hW'EueTheGrahamCracker withthe Delicious TasteN. B. C. Graham Crackers are incomparably the finestflavored of graham crackers. Thanks to our careful selection of grain and thorough preparation, we get just theright proportion of elements to make a wholesome biscuitand one that is the most palatable and appetizing of its kind.Try N. B. C. Graham Crackers for their delicious nut-likeflavor and flaky crispness. Use them regularly at meals andbetween meals, because they are as digestible as they arenourishing.5c ad 10c PackagesNATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYage ?19.84.Tate & Hicks, 3,205 pounds, average$18.88.Sanford & Mattox, 2,250 pounds, average $18.90.Ardery & Earlywine, 1,840 pounds,average $21.90.Tooliey & Son, 1,900 pounds, average$20.99.Lake, Smith & Jones, 6,860 pounds,average $20.00.Flanders & Carter, 4,465 ipounds, average $19.02.Clarke & Howard, 3,905 pounds, average $19.97.Ferguson & Neal, 3,005 pounds, average $24.11.Marston. & Lason, 2,115 pounds, average $20.14.C. P. & C. O. Wilraott, 1,595 pounds,average $19.03.Brennan & Gay, 2,765 pounds, average$23.44.John Brennan sold one basket for$45.00.GUTS HIGH COSTOF POOR HEALTHTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.Continued from Page 1.)INDEPENDENT MONDAY JAN. 8.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold a total of 138,410pounds of tobacco Monday for $24,789.56, an average of $17.91. Thquality of the offerings was of mediumquality and the growers were wellpleased with the prices realized, themarket being considered very strong.The following crop averages were reported: Payne & Williams sold 3,670 poundsfor $779.40, an average of $21.26 pethundred pounds.Clark & Eads sold 1,775 pounds for$467.71, an average of $26.35 per hundred pounds.Redmon & Garrison sold 4,340, pounds for $797.74, an average of$18.38 per hundred pounds.Mordica Myers sold 5,035 poundsfor $1,024.76, an average of $20.35 perhundred pounds.Redmon & Wheeler sold 2,165 poundsfior $418, an average of $19.35 per hundred! pounds.Ellis Garrison sold 4.210 pounds for$860.15, an average of $20.42 per hundred pounds.Thomson & Davis sold 7,355 poundsfor $1,343.93, an average of $18.52 perhundred pounds. This entire crop wanraised on four acres of land and noneof the baskets sold brought as )nuch as$20 per hundred pounds.J. L. Smith sold 2,060 pounds for$432.23, an average of $20.98 per hun' ured pounds.j Kane & Evans sold 6,130 pounds for$1,125.17, an average of $18.35 per hunjdred pounds.llu,me & Maybrier sold 2,390 poundsfor $443.31, an average of $18.54 perhundred pounds.Clarke, Young & Orme sold 2,690pounds for $55S.S5, an average of$20.77 per hundred pounds.I Boardman & Crump sold 3,460'.pounds for $634.46, an average of$18.33 per hundred pounds.Turney & Smith sold 5,675 poundsfor $1,055.59, an average of $18.60 perhundred pounds.Leach & Harp sold 3.S40 pounds for$734.21, an average of $18.63 per hundred pounds..AT BOURBON WAREHOUSE MONDAY JAN. 8.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold 215,035 pounds for$39,574.46. The Bourbon lVoor had anaverage of $18.25. Market strong,prices ranged from $10 to $45.The Paris floor averaged $18.65.Some of the averages are as followsWoodford & Perkins sold 9,520pounds average $20.14.Brannock & Hicks sold 4,165 poundsaverage $19.24.Jones & Wilson, 3,235 pounds, average $22.83.Pust & Munson, 2,420 pounds, average $21.85.R. C. Galloway, 1,420 pounds, aver"Women ofMiddledMany distressing Ailments experiencedby them are Alleviated by Lydia E,Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.11 iiMiUiiilHere is Proof by Women who Know.Lowell, Mass. "For the last three years I havebeen troubled with the Change of life and the badfeelings common at that time. I was in a very nervous condition, with headaches and pain a gooddeal of the time so I was unfit to do my work. Afriend asked me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which I did, and it has helped me inevery way. I am not nearly so nervous, no headache or pain. I must say that Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is the besc remed3r any sickwoman can take.5 Mrs. Margaret Quinn, Rear259 "Wbrthen St., Lowell, Mass.She Tells Her Friends to Take Lydia E. Pinkham's Remedies.North Haven, Conn. " When I was 45 I had the Change of lifewhich is a trouble all women have. At first it didn't bother mebut after a while I got bearing down pains. I called in doctors whotold me to try different things but they did not cure my pains. Oneday my husband came home and said, ' Why don't you try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash?' Well, I gotthem and took about 10 bottles of Vegetable Compound and couldfeel myself regaining my health. I also ustd Lydia E. Pinkham'sSanative Wash and it has done me a great deal of good. Any onecoming to my house who suffers from female troubles or Change oflife, I tell them to take the Pinkham remedies. There are about 20of us here who think the world of them." Mrs. Florence Isella,Box 197, North Haven, Conn.You are Invited to Write for Free Advice.No other medicine has been so successful in relieving woman'ssuffering as has Lydia JB. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."Women may rceiv free amHielpf ul advice by "writing- the LydiaJE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass. Such letters arc receivedand answed by vom'ii only and held in strict confidence.AT BOURBBON WAREHOUSETUESDAY JAN. 9.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany (consolidated) sold 148,805pounds for $27,018.82, an averageof $18.15 The market remains steadySome of the crop averages follow.R. L. Tarr sold 3,3G0 pounds for$726.16, average $19.84.C. B.Cox sold 2,095 pounds for$389.80, average $18.60.Purdy & Fryman sold 4,145 .poundsfor $870.61, average $21.00.Burke, Brent & Napier sold 8,793pounds for $1,627.27, average $18.50.Burris & Hall sold 4,285 pounds for$S01.08, average $18.69.J. W. Knox sold 2,890 pounds for$534.71, average $18.50Stewart & Ham sold 4,450 poundsfor $989.47, average $22.11.Hall & Myers sold 3,335 pounds for$554.14, average $16.61.Crouch & Letton sold 2,650 poundsfor $442.20, average $16.68.I Tom McClain sold 5,670 pounds for$937.18, average $16.70.Gillispie & Mason sold 2,500 poundsfor $446.26, average $17.85.Gillispie & Mason Bros, sold 2,630pounds for $453.13, average $17.22.j G. K. Jones sold 860 pounds for$164.44, average $19.11.J. H. Martin & Son sold 1,815 poundsfor $351.77, average $19.38.i Dodge & Stoker sold 1,835 poundsfor $325.95, average $17.87.1 Burke, Brent & Mattox sold 3,470'pounds for $686.23, average $19.77.Woodford & Casey sold 3,560 poundsfor $740.67, average $20.80.$584.58, average $18.94.Hall & Rhoer sold 3,375 pounds for$672.82, average $19.93.Kenney & Mattox sold 3,700 poundsfor $698.00, average $18.S6.I T. H. Current sold 1,825 pounds for$337.9, average $18.51.F. W. Collins sold 2,005 pounds for$377.37, average $18.84.Harney & Woodford sold 2,960pounds for $529.30, average $17.81.I C. H. Day & Bros, sold 3,995 poundsfor $686.55, average $17.18.i Rash & Johnson sold 4,435 poundsfor $741.69, average $16.72.I Marston & Lanter sold 3,005 poundsfor $566.03, average $18.83.Rash & Johnson sold 3,005 poundsfor $566.03, average $18.83.Marston & Lanter sold 3,005 poundsfor $566.03, average $18.83.Rash & Johnson sold 4,435 poundsfor $741.69, average $16.72.i. Lair & Buckler sold 1,960 pounds for$334.75, average $17.58.! J. M. Lair sold 1,365 pounds for$237.12, average $17.37.i Florence & Thrope sold 4,475 poundsfor $S39.93, average $18.75.C'has. Martin sold 3,400 pounds for$598.52, average $17.60.j Julian and Hobert Feeback sold3l." pounds for $153.S3. average $29.30.; The last named crop was grown inUarrison County by the Feebacti'brothers, aged 16 ami 18 years respectively. INDEPENDENT TUESDAY JAN. i.I The Independent Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Tuesday 138,410 poundsof tobacco for $24,789.56, an averageof $17.91. The quality was fair. Market very strong and every one pleased.Scfme of the averages follow:Payne & Williams, 3,670 pounds,$779.40, average $21.26.Clarke & Eads, 1,775 pounds, $467.61,average $26.35.I Redmon & Garrison, 4,340 pounds,$797.74, average $18.38.i Mordecia Myers, 5,03o pounds, $i1024.75, average $20.35.! Redmon & Wheeler, 2,165 pounds.Ism 18. averaee $19.35.Ellis Garrison, 4,210 pounds, $860.16average $20.42.Thcpiason &. Davis, 7,255 pounds, $1,343.93, average $18.52.J. L. Smith, 2,060 pounds, $432.25,average $20.98.Kane & Evans, 6,130 pounds, $1,125.17, average $18.35.Hume & Maybrier. 2.390 pounds,$443.31, average $18.54.Clarke, Young & Orme, 2,690 pounds,$558.85, average $20.77.Boardman & Crump, 3,460 pounds,$634.46, average $18.33.Turnev & Smith, 5,675 pounds, $1,055.59. i""ige $18.60.L-afti A- Harp, 3,940 pounds, $734.21,a vt r.nrp -;1S.63.Business Man Finds Way toIncrease Efficiency.The over-head cost of being half-sickis a financial factor being seriouslyconsidered by business-men all over thecountry.Efficiency is the road which loads tothe goal for -which every husines-manis striving and A. L. Van Dyke. 27"Arcade building, Dayton, says he hasfound the way to health efficiency iat least. Tanlnc, lie says, keeps him in Jproper trim to meet the exacting demands of his real estate business.Mr. Van Dyke said:"It's hard to bo on the job every daywhen a man wakes up in the morningwithout 'pop' orambition. That'sthe way 1 felt."The trouble-was my food- -wouldn't digestIt formed ira.caused bclchiimand bloating. Ilost my appetiteand it began tolook as thouuh 1would have tgive up businesand take a tripfor my health."Just aboutthat time afriend recom-A. L.VANDYKE, niended Tiinliuto me. It helped me almost from thestart. My appetite came back. I wasbothered 'less and less by gas. 1 began to feel like a real healthy humanbeing."I've gained fifteen pounds. AmiI've gained In business efficiency.That's why I'm eager to say a goodword for Tanlac. If anyone wants toknow more of my story I am at 27oArcade building, Dayton. I will tellanyone just vhat this new tonic hasdone for me ajd what they may expectfrom It themselves."Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE.Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, O.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)INACTIVITY CAUSES CONSTIPATION.Lack of exercise in the winter is afrequent cause of constipation. Youfeel heavy, dull and listless, your complexion is sa'llow and pimply, and energy at low ebb. Clean up this condi-tion at once with Dr. King's New Lifej Pills, a mild laxative that relieves theI congested intestines without griping.I A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the morning. 25c at your Druggist.(adv-jan)The Chinese make an appetizing table sauce out of soy beans, wheat androck salt.THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severecold and was nearly down sick in bed.I bought two bottles of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a verylew days until I was restored tchealth," writes O. J. Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If you would know the valueof this remedy, ask any one who hasused it. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)24'4t4'4,4,0I,I,I,,,I,'I'C,I'C,'i,I,4I,4'y4't2',cV5tXAUTOSOrAB HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to ans"? to o'ir friends that I can, where desired,furnish an auto' vS9 Lftsrjo or ambulance. This method oftransportation i , espsc?allv desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. 0ASSF FESinsepal Bire&iop.WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise arelikelv to be troubled with constipationand Indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Notso good as a three or four mile walkevery day, but very much better thanto allow' the bowels to remain in aconstipated condition. They are easyand pleasant to take and most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)LET US SHOW YOUa pile remedy that is different fromany oher.2-:r$JL0 9"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedTHEDFORD'SmiUH!LKPILE REMEDYis used both exxternally and internally. Guaranteed, to give relief frojmany form of piles or money refunded.Sold only by us, 50c and $1.00.' OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.$4.00ONE YEAR$2.005IX MONTHSCourier -JournalDaily By Mail(NOT SUNDAY)ANDFARM and FAMILYA GREAT MONTHLY MAGAZINEDuring JanuaryANDFebruary OnlySpecial Rate Period Limited to These Two IMonthsSplendid Combination at a Little OverHalf the Regular PriceSubscription orders at this rate will be accepted onlywhen sent through regular Courier-Journal Agent in thisdistrict,ARDERY DRUG COMPANYPARIS, KENTUCKYCOURIER-JOURNAL COM PAN Yy Louisville, Ky.twin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main Sts.Paris, KentuckyGREAT REDUCTIONSOn Ladies andChildren'sSuits, Cloaks,Skirts,Weiists, Etc.iTwin Bros, Osp't Store j((69eft9CftCftC0te49and to my surprise, I got belter,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's Black -Draughtis a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Qzta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70vmService First!The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.iPeris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)4J,HiFRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1917.THE BOURBON SEWS, PARIS, KYPAGE SEVE1CCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION SLOAN'SLINIMENTFOR STIFF JOINTS.Rheumatic pains and aches get into-I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsend must say they are the best :,vc ever used for constipation ana the , t m Z "J '"' aS "' "mdlgoon .My wire also used them movement torture. Relieve ySur su2.fSS !." &! ? f5 -M,S.oan-sLiteent;T1ru.,yil.- " o - o--- .. u.i.vu, iyy C.nfinptrntno vifhma ..i.i. : .iObtainable everywhere. soothes dwnrm i""K. anufniivinn somes and warms your sore muscleslacn-jan) The congested blood is stimulated toaction; a single application will driveout the pain. Sloan's "Mnimpni- iclean, convenient and quickly effecthe, it does not stain the skin or clogthe pores. Get a bottle to-dav at vourWINCHESTER BOY BRAVESWEATHER IN BARE FEET.Bank Stock For Sale.: ill sell at public auction at the Druggist, 25c.crtirt House door in Paris at 11:09rock a. m.. Saturday, January 10,3517. two shares of the capital stocko the First National Bank of Paris.1?-2U M. P. KEXNEY, Auct.(adv-jan)Richard Davis, 8-year-old son of Mr.and Mrs. T. W. Davis, attracts mudattention in Winchester because of thefact that in even the bitterest coldweather he goes barefooted to school.In fact, he never wears shoes at all.and when his mother purchased a pairtor mm this week he discarded themas soon as he was out of sight of hishome, and threw them in a sewer.The family moved to Winchesterfrojm Wilmington, N. C, last July. Noreson is given for the child's dislikeol looigear. lie attracted quite afi I 2a-?Ilik Jji I Oil kji JMf I-v rgpSam oldfiingCoal.Amerrir' old soul,'WJbdlmalte'' iffzotfi-omvole topoleStockholders' Notice,The stockholders of the Paris OperaHouse Company are notified that anelection of the Board of Directors forsaid company will be held at the office,of the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &.Trust Company, in Paris, Kj, onSaturday, January 13, 1917.W. H. McMILLAN, President.D. C. PARRISH, Secretarv..Jan. 2-4t)rtVll'l 1iiiinn tV-. .ni.Narcisus bulbs potted early in the h" '' " " " nu biuiws oy se-in uri,f .,,i "-"" ",c ueeijcat. sjiiuw lor a 100L-path. The other children, it is said,will not sleep with him, because hewill have only the lightest covering.The boy says that he has never feltthe sensation of cold.fall may now be brought to licht andheat, and should give flowers duringthe remainder of the winter.NOTICE.TRADC MARKHAIR TONICis sold by us on a guarantee to be r.reliable preparation for keeping thescalp and hair in a healthy conditionLet us explain its merits to you. Soldonly by us, 50c and $1.00.YOUCAN'T FIND ANYDANDRUFF, AND HAIRSTOPS COMING OUTSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and BeautifulAt Once.All persons having claims againstthe estate of W. P. Ardery will pleaseprove same and mail them to the undorsigned. W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.Notice To the Public!Try as you will, after an applicationiof Danderine, you can not find a singietrace of dandruff or falling hair andivour scalp will not itch, but what willplease you most, will be after a fewweek's use, when you see new hair,fine and downy at first but really new.hair growine: all over the sonlnA little Danderine immediatelyI will pay this season the nighest doubles the beauty of your hair. Noprices that have ever been known in difference how dull, faded, brittle andParis for horse hides, beef hides, i scraggy, just moisten a cloth withheep pelts and furs. i Danderine and carefully draw itI will also pay the highest market i through your hair, taking one smallhas been posted and no hunting will mice for Raers and PaDer. I will send s strand at a time. The effect is immu-he allowed. Please remember this and after it any place in the city. Call , diate and amazing your hair will bemve trouble. hv nurnhfirlnrid nhone 374. Office on I light, fluffy and wavy, and have anPOSTEDTJie land of the late W. P. Ardery(3-tf)W. B. ARDERY,Administrator.Eighth Street.(20-oct-lyr)MAX MUNICH.POR RENT!We have for rent the following desirable property:A second floor suite of three rooms fronting on Broadway,formerly occupied by Dr. Petree. Water, gas and electric lights.Suitable for offices or light housekeeping.Two rooms on second floor adjoining the above building.A nice five-room cottage on Scott Avenue.Two small cottages on Washington Street.For information, etc., apply toMcCLURE 8c DONALDSON, Agents,appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxurijance, tne beauty and shimmer of truehair health.Get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'jDanderino from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as any thatit has boen neglected or injured bycareless treatment. A 2o-cent bottiewill double the beauty of your hair.(adv)Forty-five thousand dead ducks, victims of wild duck disease, were pickedup -on one marsh near Great SaULake.HOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.(dec29-tf)Second Floor First National Bank Buildingom;mm,tr:fjt)tmmBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.J When it is painful to breath andi fever sends chills up and down yourJ back, you are in for a cold. A timelydose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey will, stop the sneezes and sniffles. The .pinebalsam loosens the phlegm and clearsthe bronchial tubes, the honey soothesand relieves the sore throat. The autiJ J septic qualities kill the germ and the0 congested condition is relieved. Croup,J whooping cough and chronic bronchialWest 5 StreetI a ff ections quicklyDruggists, 25c.SatisfactionWatchwordis OurWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we sre preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.y fc JiLJfe:relieved. At all(adv-jan)Public Sale-OF-Stock, Crop, Farming Implements, Furniture-AND-RENTING OF LANDA Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If yon are a man of family you must have a bank account. A BANKACCOTJNT IS THE BTJ1WABK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOTJR HOMEIt protects yon in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you.It Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your ChildrenPartners' & Traders' Bank. P. KISMt, Pmldnt JNO, J. M.CLINTOCK, CMhltr.-... WM. GRIMES, BcmUcmmt.Sixth and Main Streets, Paris, KyWill sell at the home place of Mrs.Bedford Deaver on Jackstown pike.3 miles East of Paris, at public auction, onSaturday, January 13, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock, the followingstock, crop, farming implements,household furniture, etc:1 farm horse;1 five-year-old mule;1 family mare;1 3-year-old pony, a good one;1 six-year-old red cow, fresh soon;1 three-year-old Jersey cow, extragood;1 four-year-old Jersey cow, extragood;1 buggy; 1 spring wagon;1 break cart;1 good two-horse wagon;1 Avery corn planter;1 Avery cultivator;1 good disc harrow;40 barrels of corn in crib;50 shocks of fodder;Lot of good lumber;Lot of garden and fence tools;1,400 tobacco sticks;Lot of locust posts;2 sets of buggy harness;3 sets of plow harness;1 steel beam breaking plow;2 shovel plows; 1 drag;1 tobacco (marker;2 cutting boxes;100 chickens;1 saddle and bridle.1 No. 1 Miller range;A lot of household and kitchenfurniture, oil range and other articlestoo numerous to mention.PUBLIC RENTING OF LANDAt tiie same tiie and place willrent the Deaver home place; 35 acresfor tobacco and corn, the balance inyard, orchard and garden. Has comfortable 6-room house, good cellar, allnecessary outbuildings and abundantwater supply of six springs. Possession February 1, or sooner. For further information call on the undersigned. TERMS Made known on day ofsale.LEE DEAVER,MRS. BEDFORD DEAVER.C. P. Mann, Clerk.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.OanS-12) t.Z2?MmmMzWS2COAL is the king of NatureChief Engineerof the world's progresstoward comfort. For centuries the sun has been storing in the bowels of theearth the heat values wefind in coal. The qualitycoal we sell is impregnatedwith the proper caloric unitsto make a comfortable heat.It is the fuel for your family furnace.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0NPECIAL SALETHIS MONTH ONYon Ton7t HaveTo StoopIf You Use. aGARLANDCabinet RangeHEATING AND COOK STOVESAND RANGESiTrading JjMill giiiKft n A wll"uOVD yilsg )Differ- iMHence tiLittleEachWeekWillSoonPayFor OneOf OurHeatersCookStovesandRanges!Uhe Jib? Slast Jfceaierthat saves your coal bill, with a bierreduction in price -for the month ofJanuary, These heaters will last -foryears, so buy now while the prices areso low.A. F. Wheeler C& Co.A beautiful line of Garlands on dieplay. Come In and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.CHASI GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court House.44.4Mi..Mi.4.4.Mis...i...i..;..t..i..i..;i.I.4'i8'l''I''I"!"I,I-'04I"I'I''I'I''I''I''I'tI''I''I,'I''I,'I''i''I''I''l''I''I''I''I''I''I''I'''I''i''t''I''t''H"kronwaeal!"---tON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over byC. S. BALLwho will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle!PRICH ARB &B ALLCorner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsBoth Phones 66 PARIS, KENTUCKYIHrMIMIIIIIMMMillllMIMillllllltliilllllllltlMMMMIIUHHHmmffSt4M-i rPMMiMMH.FAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, HIT.Aj o Faris for several years, moving to night, at her home, 333 Madison Place,EardstoAvn. He was -well and favora- in Lexington. Mrs. Bain had been inMILLERSBURG I DEATHS. 'hly known all through Central Ken- her usual health and ate dinner with-. ! i lucky and Qiad frequently visited Paris the rest of the family. About tenRELIGIOUS.OBACCO EXPORTERS FIND MARKET IN WEST AFRICA.;'on his business trips.o'clock she was seized with an attackof acute indigestion, and graduallygrew worse until the end came anhour later.before her marriageknna M. Johnson,' Little Miss f Elizabeth Mclntyr T qng i DONALDSON.Who has been ill? is improving. i - i . llilflretli. of thn StonvMiss Stella Stirman, of Flemings- Funeral services for Grover C. Long, Point vicinity, received a telegraph Irs- Bam was De)burg, is quite ill at the home of her six-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Harry mpsae-p Tupsriav nnnrisintr him of tho to Col. Bain, Miss 1aunt, Mrs. S. H. Endicott. Long, who died at the home of his death in Los Angeles, California, of his an(1 was a native of Bourbon county,Mr. VG. L. Hill will open a hard- pareilts. on the Greenwich pike, near sister, Mrs. Ann Donaldson. Mrs. Don- having been born on the old place nearware, plumbing and tin shop in the Paris, Wednesday morning, will be aldson was a former resident of this Hutchison. In 1S90 she and Col.near future. See further add later. ield at the home this (Friday) morn- county, having resided for many years Bain celebrated their golden weddingMrs. E. H. Dorian, of Memphis, m5 conducted by Rev. J. J. Dickey. at Clinfconville. She was a member oJ anniversary, and the occasion wasTenn., arrived Thursday as the guest T"e burial will follow in the Paris the Clintonville Christian church, and made memorable by congratulationsof her father, Mr. J. G. Allen, anl Cemetery. Besides his parents lie is W9q alwavs a nrime mover in all the from relatives, friends and admireislamiiy. -survived ny iour orotners anu tnree relieious and charitable life of thvi iroi" an over iveniucKyMrs. Anna Darnell received a tele- sistersphone message Wednesday announcingthe death of her sister, Mrs. Frazee, Iat Lexington.Mr. Lee Clarke, who has beenspending the holidays at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clark-?,FRYMAN.The funeral services for Purnell J.Fryman, aged live, who died Tues- agoand many; neighborhood. She was the mother c? oiner states wnere tne uisunguisneuDr. Sidney Donaldson, formerly of lecturer was known and loved.; Paris and Lexington, who moved to Mrs. Bain was a woman of highLos Angeles with her several vears mental and spiritual qualities andWhile no delinite information too an active anu leauing part inday morning at (he home ot his par-left Wednesday Cor Louisville, an I ents; F- an? :jr.s- Everett FrymanVroni there to Michigan, prospecting intown siteson the Maysville ,pike, near Paris, wereheld at the home Wednesday at 2:30was iriven Mr. Hildreth in reearil to imany les of philanthropic and relig-tihe funeral arrangements, it was stat- ious work. She was a former Stateed that the body would be buried ac President of the W. C. T. U., and hadLos Angeles.! 1 1 II.. J. . -r-. . IThe Pastor's Aid Societv of the v- .t ai uie grave m tne rario ;Presbyterian church held an all-day Cemetery, conducted by Rev. W. E.mootfnfr in tbo crto,- Cnlir.i , "i iia&iur ui tue x.uis nnsua;iGRACE.Ttlie funeral of Mrs. Edward Grace,of the church Wednesday. A consid-church.always been prominently identifiedwith all the religious societies of herchurch, and was also a prominentfactor in all kinds of charitable work.Besides her husband she is alsoHe is survived by his parents formerly of Paris, who died at her ,ved b two sous and nine gramlsister- . I11?11!? !" ?r5gt?5Lon?i'L. S ?,?.? children, the sons being Mr. George Anminrr m-ii Bain, the Lexington auctioneer, andi v S21 r,n Xr Mr. John W. Bain, County Assessor ori.?y,.?.Sl; rl ;5 Fayette county. The funeral will beFRAZEE.:at tlie Church of the Annunciation,in this city, Wednesdinrable amnnnt vif work vns flnnp mi 1 "lu OIIt'a delightful lunch was served at noon, j, X , 77, , ,. ; ? J l -.t sorviccs conductedwev ui me luemouibi uuuuii mei. Mrs. Lucile Frazee. widow of D. 1- Eugene DeBruyn. The burial follow-eaiiesaay atterilOOn With Mrs. A. b. FmznP. fnnmor nrpsirlpnt nrf flu oil nn Mm fnrmlv 1,-t in Hip P.nriK Parli-T 1- T S. t. fX I 1. ,--.-. ,-. v-. w-. v. .., v. vri m. iM......j 4-w - .- -newpledgeofficers were also installedIts-as the first meeting of the Hloenix Bank, died at her home, Z2Z olic Cemetery..ear and was known as their North Broadway, in Lexington,- atj Mrs. Grace was formerly Miss Amumeeting. Ilie newly electeu at 12:40 o'clock Tuesday morning. 'McCabe, of Paris, and was the wife o:She is survived by three sisters, Mrs. 'Mr. J. EdwardSTATE EDUCATORS TOPRY INTO BILL;C. F. Darnall, Millersburg; Miss S. A. 'Paris, who movedayette ctountyheld at the family residence in Lexington this J Friday) morning at 10:30v o'clock, with services conducted by) " p Rev. G. E. Cameron, pastor of theaw, luiuici.jr u, isted b Dr John R Deering andL to Covington some r. n T: :,i - J5 aDr. H. C. Morrison, president of As-Frazee Dover; Mrs. Blanch King, of years ago Besides her husband she ' college. The' remains will be.Lexington, and three brothers, Dr. Rob- is survived by one daughter, Miss Julia .f ' f1 rtnlllo fnin;iv iftf n ihf tiPv.I ertson, Middlesboro; Clarence Rob-'Grace.One of the questions with which ertson. Augusta; Edward Robertson J The pall-bearers were E. M. Cos-interred on tflie family lot in the Lexington Cemetery.County Superintendents will have todeal at the approaching meeting oftheir association in Frankfort is themethod of co-operation between theState and Federal Government underthe Smith-Hughes act for promotionof vocational education. Under thisact the Federal Government proposesto appropriate large sums for agricultural and industrial trade training inthe public schools upon condition thatthe State appropriate an equal amountState SupL V. O. Gilbert is send-iing out circulars to the County Superintendents, containing a digest of themeasure, and they will propose tothe General Assembly a plan wherebythe Sta'te may take advantage of theoffer.For the first year the Governmentwould appropriate $1,700,000, increasing it annually until the total is $7,-000,000, in 1923-24. Of this stun thAugusta, and three nieces. Mrs. R. G. 'tello, Edward Blake, M. A. Grace, JasHumlong, Germantown; Mrs. C. T. Burke, Thos. F. Brannon, EdwardAsdary. and Mrs. C. D. Wilson, both , Welsh, John Luby and Edward Taylor.of Lexington.REFFETT.TRABUE. Th(j funeral oi: Mrg Jennie Cox RcfMr. William Trabue, aged sixty fett, aged forty-one, who died at theyears, who for many years was a well-'Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexingknown resident of the Shawhan vicin- ton, Tuesday jtnorning. after a .shorsity, died at the State Hospital, in Lex- illness, was held at the family homeington, Wednesday afternoon, after a on the Brentville pike, nar Paris,long illness. Mr. Trabue had been un- yesterday morning at ten o'clock, withder treatment at the State Hospital for services conducted by Rev. J. R. Jones,about six months. The body was of Cynthiana. The burial followed inbrought to Paris for interment the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bcarcrsThe funeral will take place in the were Ewalt Haley, Marion Day. GusParis cemetery at ll:o0 o'clock this Blankenship, TJios. Osborne, Bryan(Friday) morning with services con- Williams and James Stevens,ducted at the grave by Rev. Dr. O. R Mrs. Reftett was the wife of Mr.Mangdni, pastor of the Paris Baptist William Reffett, and daughter of Mr.church. The pall-bearers will be: and Mrs. Geo. M. Cox. of this county.jChas. Larue, C. D. Wilson, J. T. Kiser, Sh had been ill but a short time,first year a half-million each would .go for agricultural training, tradesand industrial training and trainingof vocational teachers, and $200,000for administration and investigationby the Federal Board.. ,'Geo. Current, C. L. Hough and GeorgK. Jones.and an operation being deemed nece.-isary she was taken in the J. T. Ilin'ton auto'-coach to the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, where an opeBIRTHS.In this city, to the wife of Mr. J.Looney, of the Louisville & Nashville,a daughter.To the wife of Mr. Thos. J. Woodall, residing on South Main street, adaughter; third born; third daughter.Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Peed, ofGeorgetown, are receiving congratulations upon the arrival of a little daughter, Nannie Hinton Peed, being namedfor Mrs.. Albert Hinton, of Paris, asister of Mrs. Teed. Mrs. Peed before her marriage was Miss GayleJackson, of Georgetown.A telegram received here TuesdayJIM ALLEN, HE SAYS:AT.TTCV. IJamie Allen, aged forty-two, died a i"n',f n J i T , lu ! lenfoss the third, early Tuesday morn-his hotne in Bardstown recently, after ?as sucu .uiaJ sn? ,cm l.u not rfll ing at the Irtnie of his parents, Mr.,.. ..,. .,. .. ,, from the shock, and death ensued at to. .. . .ia v.ecKs liiness oi imunioma. lie is . ,, ' anu mvs. ueorge uassenioss, jr., in.survived by his wife and sister. Mrs. .' . , , , .., re .Lud McKay, of Louisville, lie was a'. uau..m, nB. uCl"Pel t member of the plumbing firm of Far- 1S viyeu uy i son e years oiu. anaCynth.- mer, Allen & Matthews, of Bardstown, ",,e ""'' iUI' "sa!,,s UA' UL iltU,:i1-,I The Woman's Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian Church will meetwith Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Monday,January 15, at two o'clock.1 Services will be Jield at the usualhours morning and evening at theChristian Churcih. The pastor. RevW. E. Ellis, will preach at the morningservice on "The Still Small ViociVand at the evening service on "ShuIIWe Have Peace At Any Price?"t The Woman's Society of the Christian church met Tuesday afternoon inthe parlors of the church, with thepresident, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, presiding. The usual routine business wastransacted and the reports of variouscommittees received. It was decidedto again adopt the "talent" plan ofraising funds for the local work., The following new deacons of theChristian church, recently electedfor a term of six years, have been in'stalled in office: Chas. P. Cook, LoganHoward, J. Simms Wilson, MonroeMansfield. J. J. Veatch, Robt. Collierand J. Will Thomas. Among recentadditions to the church were Mr. andMrs. W. V. Shaw and Mrs. Anna McMillan Talbott, by letter from othercongregations.i The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will 'jneet Sundaynight in the church parlors at 6:00o'clock., The subject for discussionIwill be "Ought." leader, Ethfl HarperThe Mission Band will meet Sundayi afternoon at 2:30 o'clock in the churcbI parlors. The members of the MissionCircle of the church are planning t)have an all-day sewing in February.They intend to sew rag carpets thisyear and are anxious for contributionsof rags for this purpose. Those wh)will contribute are asked to pleassnotify Mrs. Thomas W. Allen or Jin.Charles May, and the contributionswill be called for.The following is a list of the,prayer meeting topics and leaders recently appointed for the service bythe Council of tjhe Epworth League oithe Methodist church: Sunday, January 14 Subject, "Climbing Above the.Clouds," Epworth Era Day, Mr. Y. II.Harrison, leader; January 21 Subject, "Seeing the G-ood In Others,"IMiss Sara Power, leader; January 28.'Subject, "Twelve Months of Missionary Progress," leader, Miss FrancesHancock; Febrnarv 4 Subject. "Vislions and Tasks," Mr. Samuel Mastin,leader (Decision Day.) The meet. ings will be held every Sunday evening at the Methodist church. The pub' lie is cordially invited to attend.United States Consul W. J. Yerby,reporting to the Department of Foreign Commerce, Washington, D. C,fnlm Dakar, states that the greateipart of the tobacco imported Into thatterritory is in the natural leaf form.Although statistics as to its sourceare not available, it appears that atleast 95 per cent of it originates Inthe United States. In 1915 imports ofleaf tobacco into the French coloniesamounted to $881,614 in value, against$529,369 in 1914. Imports into theBritish colonies totaled in value ?2,126.515. against $l,372i717 in 1914.Practically all of the manufacturedtobacco imported is of cigarettes,hermetically sealed in tins. The natives take readily to the cigarette,and their preference for them to theleaf and pipe is growing rapidly, it Issaid.The only representative of American tobacco in West Africa is atDakar, where a large American exporting company has a branch in whichfrom 30 to 40 natives are regularlyengaged in "retreating" the tobaccoconsumed in Senegal. The marketseetms to be present still further opportunity tor American exporters ofleaf tobacco.PRICES OF TURKISHCIGARETTES ADVANCED.PAPERS CONSOLIDATEIn the ever-witty and pithyand Pertinent" column in theana Democrat, Editor Jim Allen says: 'and was well-known as a traveling"Luke McLuke tries to poke fun at salesman. jParis, Ky.t girls because a firm in' Mr. Allen was a son of the latethat city carried a holiday advertise- William Allen, an uncle of Editor Jas.ton, OhioBAIN.Muskogee, Okiahuma. The motherwas formerly Miss Ruth Chambers, ofParis. Mr. Rassenfoss .has been inthe West ' for several years, and isnow manager of the large plantation'of Mr. J. Simms Wilson, of Paris."Grandpa" Rassenfoss and Mrs. Rassenfoss have been busy acknowledginMrs. Anna M. Bain, aged seventyment, "Put furniture in her stock- M. Allen, of the Cj'nthiana Democrat, five, wife of the widely-known lecturer receipt of congratulations from Parioing.' Just as if pokers are not part of His father was born at North Middle- and temperance advocate. Col. George and ML Sterling friends, and acuuaina house's furnishings!" town, Bourbon county, and resided in W. Bain, died suddenly Tuesday tances.On account of the high cost of paper, the Bowling Green Messenger,one of the best papers in that city,vill be discontinued. It was purchased by Hon. John B. Gaines, owner ofthe Bowling Green News. The Newswill be continued. The Messengerj was edited by Edward Leigh, secre'tary to J. C. W. Beckham when he.was Governor.Advances in the prices of Turkisuoigarettes ranging from 45 cents to $!a thousand were announced Tuesdajby P. Lorillard & Company, one of thelargest tobacco manufacturers in thecountry. The increase in cost of .paper and other expenses was given asthe reason. The higher wholesaleprices are said to foreshadow corresponding advances in the retail trade.THANKSGood people for your most liberalpartonage during Christmas.risten!We have lots cf toys and Christmasthings left and will make you specialprices on anything and everything inthe holiday line.One-half price on lots tf things thatwe do not want to carry over.Yours truly,POOL TOURNAMENT.Bought Promde$ V. CAROLL, Trustee ofNALH-IILEY, BANHKA pool tournament for 100 ballstraight pool, will begin Monday nightat tjhe pool room of N. A. M-oore & Coall ccViers being eligible. The onemaking the largest percentage in thetournament will be presented with ahandsomely engraved silver, gold-linedloving cup, which is now on exhibitionat the Moore pool room. Some of the"crack shots" of the city have declared their intention of entering thecontest, and interesting games are expected.C. P. MANN, Manager.2,1HIGHEST COURT DECIDESANTI-LIQUOR LAW VALID.Men's High Grade M. 8c K. $10.00 and $12.00 S2uoesVarstfcy Shoes AA to OON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICErl GREATCx oi aw V I I II M I'M II Mil 1Quoa auuc oi& WALKifeOVERAll short and broken lines must be sold atPrices marked are far less than the actualsale prices.wits ft "?nonce. Y Jm fVuiwftole- ( Ju''afit-dJiJcrShoesRubberipprsIncluded in this extraordinary value giving sale. The following arebut a few of the many bargains that await you here tomorrow:Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 value, at 59cLadies' Felt Juliets, fur trimmed, 1.50 value, at 99cLadies' Dark Russia Calf Lace Boots $3,95Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots $3.49Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Shoes $2.99Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid High Shoes $2.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Button, Low Heel $1.69Ladie: ' Dark Gray Milady Boots, all sizes AA to D, $9.00Quality, at Bargain Prices.3tmmmmmmBmmiBBBBmsmirmamimBcmmmmt,Men' Tan and Black Romeos, $1.50 values, at 99cMen's Black Felt Slippers 49cMen's Russ and Platinum Calf English WalkOver, samples $4.50Men's Russ. and Plat. English Walk-Over $3.50Men's Gun Metal English, button and lace $2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, good quality.... $1.99Men's Heavy Work Shoes, good quality $1. 99 upJDJIST COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.I WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. In themosc! sweeping of all decisions upholdingprohibition laws, the Supreme Courtj Monday held constitutional and validthe Webb-Kenyon law prohibiting'shipments of liquor from "wet" toI "dry" States. The court also sustain-j 'ea west irgmias recent, araenuraeni$3 'to her law prohibiting importation ininterstate commerce for personal use.After being vetoed by President.iTaft, who lield it unconstitutional, theI Webb-Kenyon act was repassed overjhis veto and the law Monday was suaitained in the Supreme Court by ajvote of seven to two. Leaders ot theprohibition movement regard tne lawas second in importance only to theproposed constitutional amendment.Lawyers for the liquor interest, whoheard the decision, admit that it upholds and applies the law "in its full-Icau aciiac.It was announced that Justice McReynolds concurred in the decision,but not completely m the opinion.Justices Holmes and Vandeventcrwere the two dissenting justices."The all-reaching power of Government over liquor is settled," saidthe Chief Justice in announcing thedecision. "There was no intention ofCongress to forbid individual use ofliquor. The purpose of this act wasto cut out by the roots the .practiceof permitting violation of State liquorlaws. We can have no doubt thatCongress has complete authority toprevent paralyzing of State authorities. Congress exerted a power to coordinate the National with the Stateauthority."Wayne E. Wheeler, counsel for theAnti-Saloon League of America, whowith Fred Blue, State Prohibition Commissioner of West Virginia, argued thecase before the Court made this statement on the Court's decision:g j me stales may now pronioit uieH I possession, receipt, sale and use ofintoxicating, liquor and not be hampered by the agencies of interstate commerce.The Federal Webb-Kenyon act ofMarch 1, 1913, and West Virginias.prohibition laws, were brought be forethe Supreme Court in two test casesof the James Clark Distilling Company, of Cumberland, Md., against theAmerican Express Company, andWestern Maryland railroad. Whettierprohibition. States under the WebbKenyon law or otherwise may prohibitshipmentvOf intoxicating liquors, in interstate cojnmerce, for personal use orcitizens in "dry" territory" was theprincipal question raised.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBest Grade Flour, 24-poundsack $1.20Best Hog Lard, perpound , 13 l-2cPork Chops, best cut,per pound 20c2-pound Mackerel, each 20cFancy Apples, per peck 35cSweet Oranges, dozen 20cMGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETNEW YEAR'SGREETINGWishing you 365 daysofHEALTH,HAPPINESSandPROSPERITYin191 7We are yours truly,WILMOTHGrocery Co.i