-THENEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAlT IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1917BOURBONSELECT DRAFTBILL APPROVEDGAME WARDENS SURPRISE 'npMPT . -BAND OF "GIGGERS.", GENERAL J.PARIS BOY GETS MEDAL.It will be hard to find a set or sports-1men or same wardens who are ahvavs:BY CONGRESS " iob than Bourbon county CH' Saturday night Game Warden Doug-,M ""iuaa, oi., received miormationFRANKLIN BELL AVISITOR IN PARISPasses Senate 68 to 19;House 313 to 109 AgeLimit Likely 21 to 40.In .the list of awards made by theCarnegie Hero Fund Commission recently appears the name of AlexandeiRice, Jr., of Paris, who will receivea bronze medal and the sum of $1,G0Ufor educational purposes from the commission as scon as tiie proper detailsl!iatof?dL?.e"y.er,,SiSInS" nsh; Guest Of HlS Collin. 1 W. completed.u T" uetih, near me uay iarm. " "' " About two years ago voung Rice res-Dell, OUndaV, fin KOUte u a owning companion. Jas. Iv.m J 7 Smith, aged thirteen years, a school-10 Lexington. mate. Smith, with a party of boyshad been in bathing in the mill pond( of -the Paris Milling Co., when he fellFor a Dart Of the dV SiituIjiv Paris from tho "Anm intn tho cuMffor twrf nf,,...w.. D fl.u , . , . . . " T 1. . . '. .. - . f - . .. ...v w. u,""v" 1' -and House late Saturday night passea " " "uu aimost aniue deep, and neia as a visitor one of the niot dis- the current. He tried to swim out, burniibuiy securing ins shot gun andlsummoning Mr. Thomas Hpnrv ninv-Mr., and Mr. James D. McClintncfcmembers of the Bourbon Countv FishWASHINGTON, April 30. By over- an.a Game Club, Mr. Thomas and hiwhelming majorities both the Senate ?ar maae a detour through thethe administration bill to raise an arrived on the scene where the men tinguished officers of the United States was caught in an eddy and carriedarmy by selective draft. The final were .said to have been "gigging" or Army in the person of General Frank- back under the swiftly runing waters,rollcall brought into line behind' the spearing fish. lin Bell. Rice came to the drowning boy's as-bill many Senators and Representa . when they emerged from their hid- Gen. Bell, who was enroute from sistance, and after diving severaltives who had fought for the volun- 1U Places they saw lights from Ian- San Francisco to Governor's Island, limes, located hi,m, and brought himteer amendments earlier in the day terns in the hands of the men flitting New York, to assume command of the ?afely to shore after swimming sevenhas completed plans for carry it into f om PIace to place, very intent upon Department of the East, stopped over tpflve feet through swift waters withThe Senate which had voted down Jne,r work. The officers made a de- in Paris for a visit to his cousin, J. his burden. Some years previous tothe volunteer .plan 69 to 18, passed the tour ,and coming through the field. W. Bell, who resides on the Bethle- this Rice saved a boy named .Garlandbill by a vote of 81 to 8. In the House r,"t-au OL 'ne .mien, stepped out, Mr. nem pike, near Paris. Gen. Bell was Neal, who had broken through the icewhile skating, and would have drowned but for the timely rescue by Rice.the vote against the volunteer plan x """ cov enng tne men with his . accompanied by his wife,was 313 to 109 and that by which the shotgun. Gen. Bell is a native of Shelbyvillebill itself was passed was 397 to 24. No resistance was made by the sup- He succeeded Maj. Gen. Leonard Woola s passed bv the Senate the meas- Psea ' Sogers," and the officers start- as Commander of the Department ofaire" provides for the draft of men be- fta. an investigation. The alleged the East. -His first stQp was in Louis-tween the ages of 21 and 27 years, Sje&ers" proved to be a party of(viile, where he was a guest of rela-i-i in tim WrmsA xripasiirp tliP asfi bricklayers, who were fishing for cat- tives. thence to his old home in Shpl-111H m lv vr-w -w , o- - , nl.S !- 1 1 , I. ... - - - !fixed at 21 and 40. This 11SsU- A" poies nau Deen "set" inoyvme, trom where he was accompa-ltue imub. wane uie men witn lanterns, meci to Paris by Mr. J. W. Bell. Afwent from one to another pole, in- ter a short visit there Gen. and Mrs.specting them for possible catches. Bell proceeded to Lexington, where heThe lights flickering up and down the inspected the mobilization camps. Hebank led someone to the supposition will reach New York some time thi-sthat is was a band of "giggers." , afternoon.. iur. i nomas and his "posse" made i Owing to the restrictionsj their apologies to the men who had upon army officials Gen. Bell, duringWASHINGTON, April 30. Officials some run at tneir expense, and return- his visit here did not "mention milieu w x-iuib. jiary anairs in any way whatever.Attend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonWARNING TO AUTOISTS!limits areand lesser discrepancies will be threshed out in conference early next weekso that the bill will oe in the handsof President Wilson as quickly as possible. The War Department .alreadyhas completed plans for carryin it intoeffectof this Government have told theBritish commissioners now in thiscountry that a settlement of the Irisr.question would strengthen the friendlyfeeling between America and England. An appeal for all parties to thrownsirip. all differences and settleAll traffic over the Licking Riverby the Blue Lick bridge, in Nicholascounty has been stopped. The old suspension bridge is being removed togive place to a new steel bridge, whichwill be built at once. Only personsplaced walking are now allowed to pass overtne -bridge.Atuoists and travelers are warnedand asked to remember this notice!::WE KNOW HWSC Copyright, 1917iVtcteclf . ft&rx & Cm.A BLUE SERGE AT $20This is a guaranteed color tailoredto the Davis standard and we recemmend this serge as the most ser-tjlfc Mceable suit for general wear.Attend the sale of the! College iots this aftemoon.BourbonIrish question was made by PremierLloyd George m a speecu at uuuuball Friday.WASHINGTON, April 30. Americanstaff officers oppose vigorously anyAttend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonANOTHER "PLOTTER."Mr. I. C. Swaim, of the Cumberlandrrl.... ,..t,, t ma tn nflVP TUP " "I ".' - wwiv-o .u iiu.o in unv, -suggestion that a small expenditionary -;ir-'- im1 V"DenaiioSrce be sent to Europe for its moral Telephone Co while inspecting thearmy well 'trained and adequately cJf Wade's Mills, near the Clark'equipped so that when the time comes and Bourbon line, Friday morningt ji JTX t, tiipiv ivpie-ht will be aroused the suspicion of a number ofLOr CUU.u& n;ii -"-" o loeMontc nhn D.iCnQ..arl liim f hmn(a Germanv'spy. ,I ThpvV.nl1p.d n.n ATr. A. J ATillpr InLONDON, April 30. A grave warn , manaser of the Winchester officeBARGAINS AT SALE.Attend the Wallingford sale on Dun-ran Avenue next Saturday, May 5, ifI you want to get some nice householdgoods at a bargain. Everything practically new. Sale to begin at twoo'clock, p. m.AAttend the sale of the BourbonCollege lots- this afternoon. itAttend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonPAY YOUR CiTY LSCEN5E.The Coursci J Thursday nightfixed all City Licenses for theensuing year. Ca3l at PeopaesDeposit Bank & Trust Co. andpromptly pay yours. They aredue TO-DAY.C. K. THOMAS,CoHector.Immediately felt.1GETS $50,000 FROM$750INVESTMENT.An investment of $750 made sometime ago in Kentucky oil fields broughtIng that the submarine menace may and agked him Jn regard to the mat"be an important ractor in ueuuui&MeClintnp.k. of HuntinirfnTi. Tfosf Virtne irate ana ex- n a brother of Mrs.'Chas. N. Fith-1ill ii ououiiuno inn r Mnric qt1 t-rnnrir o rncirinn- . , w. uAAuf uu wuiuj c icoiacauT- rrr rwct ct c olrvmiAnnn . &L " :rxQ rtf thp wnr was sounded t: " ,."!w r".4. ., .." recently returns ot ?ou,opu to Mr. JohnLiie uuiv-uun- v ...w ana pauenCe qa tae pare ol iiauageiby Sir Albert btaniey, iuwrnwa Miller tQ 1the British Board of Trade. Address- cited jg thatV...: jrir. wionins a luncneon ol uusmcoa iuAlbertSirSe have not vet found were ""founded and that Mr .Swaim of the Hutchison neighborhood,said. e nae not et !""" was an authonzed.employe of the Cum- rrh T,.,rM,aCOr0 n -nnu :""7'' ripoiinr with the submarine ;'r "r r: "1 ", r'i:7r ine imrcnasers are itaipn hocksu. . --o -; danf-pr of their uei iauu -u" LueitJ uu s1"1"1" uua" tetter and George A. Foreman, who arebeing an enormously improtant factorin determining the outcome of thewar.n tliP pvistence of the British empire is simply this that we can notcontinue to bring into this country al1the supplies and materials requiredfor our exeistence, for the continuance of the war and for the actualneeds of our industries.", r . . Ai. A . principal owners of the SouthwesternVerily, it is getting to be danger- 0il company, whose main offices arerm5 to hp snfp psnpp.inliv if vmii nan- A.i ; -n. .! -..t -.,- m., nf tiio enhmnr ne war , , ,., 4r. T , Y- louateu m uuuaio, ,iew l orK. ineThe effect of the SUbmar ne vsar ppn tQ lQok hke a Teuton Qr )e acUng renreaented in KentnnWa little differently! by w. j. Flesher.j The property in which Mr. McClin-Attend the sale of the Bourbon tock invested his $750 was a typicalCollege lots this afternoon. "mountain farm, in the Pilot district ofthe Estill county oil fields, containingTOBACCO FERTILIZER.Tobacco Fertilizer. SuppiyPlace orders atDR. GANFIELD ADDRESSESBOYS AT BANQUET.wACWTVfiTOX. Anril 30. Officialadvices to the State Department said js limitedthe Mexican government naa diucu once.Germans in Mexico that any concen- c g gRENj & BRCtration of Germans near the American ril2(Mt)border will be followed immediately - mpru-u jby their arrest.In conveying this notice the Mexican authorities explained that they,could do no less in view of the factjthat a state of war existed betweenGermany and the United States.WASHINGTON, April 30. Lieutenant William F. Gresham, who commanded the naval gun crew on theAmerican merchant steamer Aztec,frl ,p ms sunk off Brest, mads" UCJl ' , Coorotnrr100 acres. Only the oil and gas rightswere s-old, the farm being held in fe1by Mr. Hubert Sparks, who retainone-eighth interest in the oil and gasrights. Other than the oil and gasrights the farm is said to be suitablefor raising Angora goats, staves,blackberries and chickens.Mr. McClintock received a checkfor $40,000, and $10,000 in cash in return for his $750 investment. Theprice paid of S500 per acre is said loGanfield, president be the highest bonus deal on undeveloped holdings thus far in Ken-Rev. Dr. W. A.of Central University at Danville, wathe principal speaker of the evening at tucky.the banquet given Saturday eveningat the Presbyterian manse, on Duncan avenue, to the boys of the Presbyterian and Christian churches of thiscity, between the ages -of fifteen andnineteen years. The evening was one.Attend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.Bourbonhis report in person to "Jf : of enjovment to all. Hon. E. M. DickDaniels, and left an pression tnat officiated toastmaster.the vessel .probably was aestJ"Je4 "f , Mr. Dickson introduced the othera mine. Unofficial reports n,aa.m" " cpeakers, who were Messrs. Peale Colcated that she was torpedoed, ai- Dav. d CUn Clark andEu.though Lieutenant Gresham torn uie p?ne Lah. Mr Qlay Sutherland ren-Secretary that ne niu " i mir dered a number of vocal selections,to indicate the presence of a suomai- whne yocal and mstrumentai selections, both sentimental ana patriotic,..i iri'i'on iv TYipmViorci nf tViP Siprinl ..nnnrnnv A T.H1 30. With en- & V I,' V"..-W XTl5YAomiuivi'. ..-- -- Arrnv V-Orpb auu liic iciiyuun.jCOURT APPOINTMENTS.ineIn the County Court, Mr. WilliamGrannan was appointed, and qualifiedas executor of the estate of his mother,Mrs. Anna Grannan, who died at herhome in this Qity several weeks ago.Mr. Grannan gave bond in the sum of$2,000.ATt Too TT Tr.H'olf nlcn nnnlifiorl n JTslntionnl ' "" """" y w.tuai.-- eianfivp Draft Army V,U11 , r A- j i x administrator ot tne estate of the late.cnent of the Selective Draft a Guard, stationed here Mlss Mattie KelIer. Mr. Ewalt gaveJ3U1 appaieuti - . - -i,:.. A uueu-uuuiac iiu.uWu o a.u, b .ns nrptv ATpocrc! P.Vin. x? ! I. fPh lnhTni w-.www -w... m mv.vt. ....n.j.j . w. v.vwery in munu - onnnnnn tiipti aies a.cuus.".ndUW8C1ai, "" L"" LaRue. Walker B. Kiser and Rogerrere appointed to appraise theI. O. O. F. HEADQUARTERS.The Seelbach Hotel has been selected as headquarters for the SovereignGrand Lodge of Odd Fellows, whichwill meet in Louisville, in September.The Patriarchs Militant branch of theorder will have their headquarters a,the Hotel Henry Watterson, and theRebekahs will have headquarters attie Tyler Hotel. A large delegationfrom all the lodges in this county willbe in attendance. ': Whether You Join the Armyor Stay at Home You MustHave ClothesIf you go to war you won't need our'kind of suits, but ifyou stay at home you must have a Spring Suit from ourstore. Young men's snits that are entirely different instyle, looks and quality$15.00 to $30.00Genuine Irish Homespun, real light colors and darkershades of tan, blue and green, Flannels made in fancysingle-breasted pinch back and the two-button doublebreasted patch pocket coat. Our clothes have individuality,and style not found in other ready-made clothes.For the more conservative man we have the plain cutthree-button sacks in many new patterns Worsted andCheviot Clothes. No matter how your size is long,short or stoutwe can fit your form, 'eoe3iwMitchell & Blakemorelff(llfll w$12.50Clothes$30.00jiui aP1M,CUu.: ----- machin-i l"4.r.,.- rlVI; il ,: ,rf uc-nd in the sum of $1,000, with Mrpartment i& 'ycJ"""' - rn. wiui a uumuei ui aaxau.c jufa .- jacoh KellerH .- -n-ifiiont delay to pro- ,. .. .;f-t.eo thp inWoc JUI'UU AeutJIduce a trained army of 2.000.000 men were 1)eautifully decorated wjth lilacs it wIt is expected Jthat within ten daya and all the pp0intments were perfect. 5!?!in every town in the ntxywguitm estate.tkonof young men forduty will be ipu-j Attend tne sale of the Bourbonin motion, and no mau. i ;- - - College lots this afternoon. .tration will have a Boou -v -failureto respond, it is rtated Wor.will begin at once on the sixteencamps proposed for training.MANHATTAN SHIRTSi-n ciik. tioneee and madras.vsry stylish spring Patterns.ATTTCHELL & BLAIvEMORB.LAND TRANSFERS.Mr. George C. Thompson, Sr soldSaturday, to the Paris Realty Co., aAttend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonASK BkR DEMONSTRATIONAsk for a demonstration of the Oak-, tract of twelve and one-nait acres ol land Six, the sensible car. The priceClOthCS . n1IIUl located On the ClinfcOnVille onrl norrm-mnnnoe P tVi?c- nnr. mnctC3- w -......- . iiiiVimuilO VTA. tlli3 KsCLl UIWU'"pike, -near the Pans city limits, lor satisfactory. Ask the man who ownsS22n ner acre. rthe BourbonHnnd the sale ofCollege lots this afternoon. -FORTHE CIVIC LEAGUE.There is an ordinance on the city'shooks requiring telephone and teleo?aph poles in the city to be paintedhte has apparenUy been neglected forsome veari, as the poles are as mnocent of paint as a new Dora Daue.The suggestion has also been madethat the city remove the old gas pos.tsfrom the streets. Their days of usefulness are over and they are anything1 VofwMcfis respectfully submittedfor the consideration of the ladiesot the CMC League.AtUe the 81 ot the BourbonCoUett lott 'thii aftermoon.?225 per acreThe Pans Realty uosold the samelone.day To Mr. James L. Day, of Paris, for 1RS0J & DOUGLAS GARAGE.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Link, a house 22t) Fourth and High, Paris, Ky.and lot on Brent street, in Pans, for$200.Attend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonUNIFORM RANK INSPECTED AT CYNTHIANAThe members of A. J. Lovely Com-'pany, Uniform Rank Knights of Pyth-,ias, went to Cynthiana last nicht on1EXCAVATION WORK BEGUN the 6:48 Louisville & Nashville train,FOR KKESS BUILDING for inspection. The work was conducted by Brigadier-General James B. Mc-Woods Bros., of Paris, who havebeen awarded the contract for excavation and foundation work on theKress Building at the corner of Mainand Sixth streets, had a force of menat work there yesterday making prelimlnary excavations preparatory tostarting the foundations. The workwill be carried forward as rapidly aspossible.Cracken, of Newport The severalcompanies of the Uniform Rank of thissection were "inspected and found tobe in good shape. The Paris company returned on the 10:38 train lastznight, reporting a good time in theMaiden City.Attend the sale of the . Bourbon(College lots this afternoon. '"rrUOME MEN think thev can't fret a fitin Ready-to-Wear Clothes, and theyfeel that a erood fit is important. Ifyou are a man that has had unsatisfactoryexperience in being fitted, you are just theman for us. We have a suit that will fityour figure, designed and made by leadingconcerns in the country. We can put a suiton you that you'll be satisfied with, and withfit we'll give you fine quality, perfect style,best of tailoring and an economy price.Young men who keep pace with stylewill take delight in our new models. Thevery newest ideas are created in them. Thebelters and pinch backs, in both single anddouble breasted. Fabrics in green and blueflannels, tweeds, worsteds in striped ideas,plaids, mixtures and checks.$12.50 $30.00HATS?tCopyright, Milton Ochs & Co.KnoxCrofutt & KnappYou will find here many newhats every new colorCome in new broad brimhigh and low crownsStetson$2.00 Hatsideas incombination.rim: $2 to $5andR. P. WALSHSeventh and Main One Price Store Paris, KentnckyWaTftiu1V3VV.1J!Uifil.o Rni?iVhs 1M Jth dul1 cliild In cubol, who 'drop's LETTER' FROM JUDGESC DOUrOOn lCWSiOu early aud goes to work in some, OF COURT 0FAPPEALS.tlnuous Publication-KrV r Year. . .$2.00 Six Months. . .$1.00Payable In Advance.-ab!fshed 1811-35 Year of Con-routine w.a No charity is Tiiore im I" i Trfcr,oMt' then lorlrier otrat rha urol. t-t" i rrmATm - -..." ""& "" "u " JJ-ltAlNlUJ-UttTt JKLX., April IU, 1917.faru .sSch httlr iw0ne? U ey Tt the Pe0Ple of Kentucky:..ll.hed Every Tuesday .and Friday. Sm a gstart; Tt wouTd rt wWe elieve that fud? of 'their wnole lives, it is a diincuir " , - .. Duuu6philanthropy. There are too many Christian character, that every perfrauds waiting to snap up all free son ought to have the blessings thatgifts. But it should be better realiz- result from such study, and that theW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, ed that the anaemic infant of to-day Sunday School is an efficient agency' is the dull pupil of a few years from f0r the promotion (systematic Bibleinow, and very likely later the criminal studyAUy exioizoua xeuuoii upon uie.and pauper. , w ,. , fntftrikR, fhp fn fll .cmnRirwARn mn ,the Kentucky Sunday School Associa-$100 REWARD $100 sH lloc AoaimiaA c., -,Tw.vu. uu uvo.o.mivu ouuuaj, iiiy u, Ufccharacter, standing or reputation of:any person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEeditor.BOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-,' The readers of this Daper wm oe the fourth "Go-To-Sunday-School Day,"repted if brought to attention of the pIeased t0 learn that there is at least when it is expected that again oneone dreaded disease that science has minion people will attend the Sundayi !.! been ble to cure in all its stages and Schools of the State We congratuthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly late this Association upon the greatinfluenced by constitutional conditions work it- has done in making greaterEDITORIAL MUSINGS.requires constitutional treatment. aml wffir Slinfljiv cpi.i, fnr QHall's Catarrh Medicine is taken in- Q ,wl rffrt Tri.i,.., ii i i ,, i .. 1 1 i er anu a Better Kentuckv.ternally and acts through the blood on .. .. . ,. ... . ,.ijcncniig iiiiyiiuiuy m me greatThe Town Beautiful Movement.Hip "Miirmis Siirfnons of tlm Svstfmthereby destroying the foundation of work that is beinS done in our Sundaythe disease, giving the patient strength Schools, and desirous of encouragingby building up the constitution and the efforts of those who are contribut-There is too much -of the spirit to assisting nature in doing its work, ing their time, energy and money tovday ot "Let George Do It." There is The proprietors have so much faith this great cause, we uniie in the invitoo little willingness to take hold and ju the curative powers of Hall's tation to all Kentuckians as veil -mco-operate personally in attempts at catarrh Modicine that they offer One tl ' J "?,? r- wile !civic improvement. Hundred Dollars for any case that it "'V f Vth hoFlers' .at"The pioneers made their place beau fails to cure. Send for list of testi- tend tne Sunda' School of their choicetiful by getting out with spade and wa- monials. 011 Iay 1917.tering pot, and planting whole rows Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., To- We noPe that every Sunday Schoolof trees along the streets. They were iedo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c. will so carefully obserwi this day that( may-ad v)DEVELOPING HEMP PLANT.there may be the largest attendanceever known in the State, r.nd that allvisitors will receive such a cordial! welcome they will become regular.amply repaid, in enjoyment of thebeauty they created, and in better,value of real estate. Nowadays this ileft to public officials. Instead of get-itin out tliomsplvps and nlantincr trees icitiaens will call up the proper ofli- Experiments to develop better va- members of the Sunday School. Letcial and ask him why he does not set rieties of hemp by continued selec-,us make this the begir.niig of a newout something on their streets. tion of Minnesota No 8 variety of era in the Sunday School work ofImprovements that have to wait on hemp have resulted in marked im- Kentucky,public funds wait long. The a.ppro-, provement, according to the annual I W. E. SETTLE,jpriation is usually exhausted, and poli-, report of the Bureau ot Plant Indus- JOHN D. CARROLL,try. Those in charge of the workticians see other uses forBioney.Wnntnnce ic rfr ovnntlv lArmnti- lintthere can be no beauty 'without' neat started with a plant 10 (5et 5 inchesncss. Every Piece of paper set adrift,. n,Sh- Tne tallest plant m 1014 wasevery heap of rubbish, lowers the tone 13 feet 4 inches, and in. 1P15 the tallof a town, and helps create the spirit "est plant was 16 feet S inches high,of disorder. People are governed by1 The entire plat in 114 averaged 0the influence of neighbors. If one man ' feet 11 inches total height, and 4 feetcleans up and paints up, tne spirit ot 5 inches to alternate branches. In: AGENT FOR BOURBONGUS THOMAS,ERNEST S. GLARKE,FLEM D. SAMPSON,SHACKLEFORl) MILLER,ROLLIN HART.WM. ROGERS CLAY.improvement sweeps tnrougn tne 191- the average in lotal iight wa3 iwhole street If he lets things go,10. e i i--in- iragged, his neighbors fall easily into112 feet S mcles an,d Jefcl 9 mcie3COUNTY CANNING CLUBSto alternate branches. Tne markedMiss MaryFithian Hutchcraftthe slovenly habit of letting well mienmie urauuiieb. me murKeulbeen appointed the aent fopnojigh alne. improvement in tne plants, especially Caiming Clubs of Bourbon County andTown beauty is not created by elab- in the uniform type with long inter- is making splendid progress in the enorate mansions or choicely designed nodes, indicated by the increased rollment of members and the organi"business blocks. It is made by the height to alternate branches, war-;zation of clubs in the various schooltransplanting and careful tending of ,5 a distinctive name. It is called 1 districts.green foliage and flowers witlnn town ,Kvmi ngt0n " indicating Kentuckv I Thft appointment was requested bylimits, uy elimination -di eye sores, oy , . , . . - -T.good taste in building, and removal !sefd improved by selection in Minneof disorder. Paris has done much along J sota- and Wishmgton.this line, but there are many things- to be achieved to enable it fully to realize the ideal of the Town Beautiful."Baby Week."It is perhaps not considered the; province jof the editor to discuss suchsupposedly wo,man's column subjectsas the above. The traditional woman'spage, too ofetn prepared by a shirtsleeved man smoking a smelly blackpipe, rarely deceives womankind. Buteven the lords of creation may wellponder over many subjects discussed inTvhat has been called "Baby Week."This was establishea for the secondweek in May by the Baby Bureau of experiencesvthe U. S. Labor Department' . Tn tonnmonf rlictrintc of lnr"Miss Robbins, Bourbons' efficient andprogressive County Superintendent,and the work is under the supervisionof the Federal Department of Agriculture, and the Agricultural ExtensionDivision of the State University co-The Kind Paris Readers Cannot Doubt ' operating.Large clubs have already been or-CONFIRMED TESTIMONY.Doan's Kidney Pills have stood the 'ganized at Kiser, Shawhan, Ruddles-wins, uuuiey anu juuiersuurg. Nextueek, Little Rock, North MiddletownClay's Cross Roads, the Paris HomoSchool and the Paris Public Schoolswill be canvassed for members.Each girl cultivates or helps -cultivateone-tenth of an acre, or aboutthree hundred plants. She may sellfresh tomatoes, can them for homeuse, and can the best ones for a commercial product.Cans for sale and marked bv the4H brand must come up to standard1testThe test of time the hardest testof all.Thousands gratefully testify.To quick relief to lasting results.Paris readers can no longer doubtthe evidence.It's convincing testimony twicetold and well confirmed.Paris readers should profit by theseIn tenament districts of larse raaiiu-' -rs. J. 1. Aiartin, iu4 Alain btreet, .w !- -.... ,. .facturing towns, the baby question -fans says: ivianey trouble ca-me on requirements as to weight, quality,seems very vital. The sight of soifroni a fal1 and the results were very j sterilization, etc., and canning must bemany anaconic children does not prom-' -cpverft- causing me more suffering than done under the supervision of theise well for community well being. the fall itself. No one can ever know County Agent.Probably they have been under n'hat I went through at that time, for A little canning machine may benourished since birth. Many of them l suffered awfully. My back ached I purchased for about $5 complete,are born of immigrants of the Old and pained until I thought it would with which an average girl can proWorld, where substantial food was'break in two. Sharp twinges shot, duce a large number ot cans during theabundant and cheap. The parents came unwgii my wuneys anu it some one tnree weeks' canning seasonJkxnPJtMHN&am0nMiANMMMMThe 1917TirenySJaL'?a " FAir VretmertTS7&2InI n ml &&r '"j&f S BlirC These handsome husky Tires ! SliS'L -srtS!SSii 3"(3W) $18.95 m35LACK SAFETY TREAD TIRGAIN a rubber masterpiece springs from the skill andexperience of Goodrich's forty-eight years of rubbermaking the Goodrich "THREE-SEVENTY-FIVE"t that new SUPER-TIRE for Ford cars.If you have not seen this husky yet graceful tire, a Fordcar tire of HEROIC SIZE, go at once to your dealer and ask forit. Just say: Give meGoodrich's ' Three-Seventy-Five 'You will find it a tire of burly size, burly in extra rubber, extrafabric and extra service.Made in the regular Goodrich five-finger Safety Tread ONLY, itis built an inch bigger around the circumference than ordinaryFord car tires, and thicker in the cross section. It fits 30-inch rims.Its slightly higher outset cost is cancelled by the economy oflonger life, and the greater satisfaction you get from a morestylish and more efficient Ford car.The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Co., Akron, OhioSXr'Bet: ii tha Ltoruq Run."feere To 3 Tlds Sign &Goodrich Tlre are Stocked yAjtsTikresr DerUrThm. rover hero abounding in health and am- lia(1 llJt me in the back with amfll sniriti? Pindine- nrir.es hicrh. thev axe, I wouldn't have known theeconomize on wholesome foods. In a enceheavydifferIn one week after using DoansEXTANThe GOODRICHfibre solefor shoesOutwears leather-comfortable-dressy-walerprccfBECTgyamzmOkra, carrots, beans, butter beans,pears, peaches, etc., should all be putup this season for winter use, on ac-short time the color fades out of their Kidney Pills, I felt like a different wo-1 count of the high prices.RESULTS THAT REMAIN.The government is warning thecountry, through the press, by meansof bulletins and official speeches, ofthe food shortage, of the possibilityof even higher prices and food fam-faces. The children suffer even more. man for lhe' greatly benefited me."not having had any earlier foundation , (Statement given February 17, 190S.Jof health to "help them stand thestrain.Social workers say the food given 1 On November 9. 1916. Mrs. Martinguch infants is pitiful to see. Mothers said: "Doan's Kidney Pills have made ine and is ursing the people to pracwho nurse their own offspring may a cure for me and it has been per,ma-!tice canning.lack vital elements of sustenance, cent." ' Tne Canning Club is a practical,Many babies are given thin soups,' Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don't I simple, and interesting imethod of recoffee, cheap fruits and vegetables, simply ask for a kidney remedy get '. ceiving free instruction and assistabout the same food the grown-ups Doan's Kidney Pills the same that ance.get If nourishing it may be utterly Mrs. Martin has twice publicly recom-l Glu" mem'jers, who range from tenanfit for their immaturity. mended. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,The anaemic infant becomes later Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)tollR'Build Up YourBank AccountTake time by the forelock.Don't be satisfied with a smallbalance in bank.Deposit every dollar that youdon't require for your actualneeds..Money is safer in the bankthan in your pocket or in yourhome.You'll be more loath to drawa check than spend the cash.See us about an account.We do all kinds of banking.Farmers' & Traders' BankW. P. KISER, President jno. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashierWM. GRIMES, Bookkwpr.M ... . Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Kyto eighteen years of age, are taughtsewing, cooking and home sanitations,and Club meeting will have many interesting feature, such as ipicnics,fishing parties, hay rides, etc.Prizes will be given for the bestproducts, and a school exhibit will beheld in September.Tomato seed, bulletins, and any imformation will be furnished gladly bythe agent, Miss Hutchcraft, Phone 33.YES! LIFT A CORNOFF WITHOUT PAIN.Cincinnati Authority Tells How to DryUp a Corn or Callous So It LiftsOff With Fingers.WHAT A COMMA WILL DO.Even the lowly comma, when mis.placed, may be the cause of disaster.Of this no better instance can befound than that where a printer, settinp up a little story, asserts: "Thetwo young men spent the early partof the evening with two young ladies;and after they left, the girls gotdrunk."A soft answer may turn away wrath,but there are times when one derivesmore satisftaction from calling a mana liar.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aYou corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. Wear the shoesthat nearly killed you before, says thisCincinnati authority, because a fewdrops of Freezone applied directly on atender, aching corn or callous, stopssoreness at once and soon the corn ohardened callous loosens so it can belifted out, root and all, without pain.A small bottle of Freezone cost verylittle at any drug store, but will positively take off every hard or soft cornor callous. This should be tried, as itis inexpensive and is said not to irritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any Freezonetell him to get a small bottle for youfrom his wholesale drug house. It Ufine stuff, and acts like a charm everytime. (adv)EVERYTHING GOING UP?It is said that Paris boarding housekeepers are seriously consideringraising prices of board, owing to thehigh prices of all kinds of food supplies and everything else which areused on the table. Tn addition to thecost of material, servants are demanding higher wages, and as the summerexcursion and campmeetmg season isclose at hand, they are liable to asserttheir complete independence. Somerestaurants have been gradually increasing their prices.GarlandCabinetRangeEverybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585 Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSI .1Best Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. I-IENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,A beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Professional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPILESl PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill euro Blind, Bleeding and Itchlne .files.It absorbs the tumors, allays Itching: at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, pail 50c and 81X0.WILLIAMS MFG.C0., Props., Cleveland, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.-1BiOFOneDropBourbon Poultry RemedyA few drops in tho 5f Vl .unman water cures f i Pk. and prevents white IrtJdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on requestsINIMI KKIT CI., Intacta, If.'oxIA.:'1 i. - .'.o ;;m c- iT--?ir'rw f ' Iiv"SV TA .J;tv-.rtASTUESDAY, MAY 1, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KS,g.PAGE T1IREBIs.t-ayANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thagood Democrats below as candidiasesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM REN1CK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,. Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY.THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,at Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, o NorthMIddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thatevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey. If your child has adeep hacking cough that worries yougive him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey,the soothing pine balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist and start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)EYE STRAINMEANSNERVE ST&ASNThere is no form of fur ctionalnerve disorder that may not becaused by or aggravated by eyestrain. Have us examine youreyes now.We Fit WhereOthers FeilAny tens quickly duplicated.Doctors of OptometryDow BId.f opp. Windsor HotelHome-MadeBread !Take No Other.WE BAKEEVERY DAY.WILMOTHGrocery CoPhone 376I i iflRGO! FN'S. fii a a a v w jwwi . v-Uemand QDFPJ'riiQTlji2ilfTFKI Wl LaWJIIInV III1V llkihilliBROUGHT COLORBACK TO CHEEKSMother Tolls What Tanlac DidFor Her Daughter.SEEMS LIKE DIFFERENT GIRLThis is the first winter in n lonrrtime that my daughter Louise hasbeen entirely well, and I believe Tanlac is responsible for it," said Mrs. J.Y. Kirkpatrick, Fifteenth and Highstreets, Paris. She says:"My daughter Louise was alwaysdelicate and every winter would haventtacks of bronchial trouble. Her appetite was poor, and she was troubled.vlth constipation. We would have tocall a physician several times through!lie winter until we got Tanlac. Shehad a cough iniiiMi of the time and waspale, nervous and irritable. We reada good many testimonials of Tanlacand finally got a bottle. It helped herright away. We noticed that she atemore."She took in all five bottles, also thetablets. She had no sick spell all therest of the winter. This fall she commenced to run down again. We gotanother bottle, and this winter she hastaken three and has had no sick spellat an. sue seems to Ue built up. Hernnnotff-o 5 vorr cmmi o,i i, t, ..norvol l:,!', It? UOtnenous. She seems like a differentchild in that respect. We feel that themedicine is expensive, but still in thelong run it is the best, as this is theurst winter mat we have not had to Mr- Jonn w- uiCKey, iormeny ot assistant engineer in topographic, hycall a physician. Her color is good Paris' nas moved from Cynthiana to drographic and right-of-way work,now, and she seems to be all right." Detroit, Mich., to reside, his mother, vhile making operation maps andTanlac, the master medicine andrGftnnRtrnn.Hvo tr.T.? ?r. r.iA i.sively in PARIS by Varden & Son"!Ark" for several weeks, returned toOther exclusive agents in nearby i-their hzme in North Middletown yes-towns are as follows: jterday. ...HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drugompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrtsh. (adv.)CROSS ANDES IN THE AIRThe miirlitv Andean mmmttitn T-ncrr,of South America, the highest in thewestern hemisphere, has just been i aucauonai associuuoh, nem m the design and construction of thecrossed by aeronauts for the first time isville last week, were Profv T. A. corapanys exiperimental paper mill atThe feat was accomplished by two men 'Hendricks, Miss Mabel Robbins, Miss Kouak Park, and for three years hasin a balloon. The aeronauts left Saiiti-!Mary Ross and Miss Mar' Lenilian. . been purchasing engineer for the enago, Chile, on the Pacific side, and des- Mrs- Thompson H. Tarr was the tire companv.. with a wide acquaincended five hours later in Mendoza, on hostess last week at her home on the tonca and enviable reputation in thethe eastern slope of the range, in the Georgetown pike, near Paris, to the paper trade, Mr. Buck has lectured serArgnetine Republic. They reported a' members of the Six-Hand Euchre eral times jn this city and elsewherevery difficult trip, and had to rise to a Club. The guests were invited for one on the manufacture or pulp and pa.per.great height to catch a favorable air.i0'clock' wnen luncheon was served, af ln the recent convention number ofcurrent. So far the Andes have not ter which the game were enjoyed PapGr' one 0f the technical journalsbeen crossed bv aeroplane. i Several non-members of the Club were in the traie, Mr. Buck had an exhaub-invited to meet Mrs. Lucien Buck, of tive article 0n tlA .manufacture ofmuLt SUKfcNfcSS RtLIEVEDUnusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain -onthe muscles, they become sore andstiff, you are crippled and in pain.Sloan's Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and drives out the soreness.A Clear liquid, cleaner thanr plasters or ointments, it doesmussynot stain the skin or clog the (pores. ' . ' . nn wprinplir inrt Thrrs -Always have a bottle handy for the Covington on Wednesdaj and inurspains, aches of rheumatism, gout, ida'' May 16 ana 1'lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness, l The Paris Commandery has engagedbackache and ail external pain. At ten rooms for its quartern in the Hotelyour druggist, 25c. Metropole, in Cincinnati, and has mado(may-adv) contract with Smittie's First Regiment Band of fifteen pieces, to fur-The killing of just one fly now nish musjc fcr them in ti e parade andmeans there will be millions and tril-; , . reception hours at the Metro-lions less next summer. PJie and in Covington.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.! The Knights are preparing to have agood time on the trip and during theirNow ist he time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You will find Chamber-,Iain's Liniment a great help. Thelief which it affords is alone worthmany times us cost.(may-adv)Nothing will arouse neighborhoodcuriosity any quicker than going up onthe house and walking aound on thotin roof.Meats vBeef, Pork, Veal, JLamb.Fruits and Vegetables.Special Prices This Week,MflRGOLEN'SIHomeiiledSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.tvtvc Ttr -n - , ,Mrs. W E. Ellis has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Cynthiana-Miss Mary Curtis is at home froma visit to MTS. LiViln. r.nrtis. in Winvl' w n o h , ,Mrs. W. R. Scott has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relatives in the late Dr.' O. H. Buck", was one ofCincinnati. Bourbon's best known and most suc-Mrs. John Reynolds has returned 'cessful physiciansto her home in Cynthiana after a visits Mr. and Mrs. Buck arrived in Paristo friends in Paris I yesterday for a brief visit with theMiss Anna Belle Ward, of Rich- former's mother, Mrs. E. P. Buck, andniond, visited friends in Paris several his sister, Mrs. John Yerkes, on Pleasdays ; thj past week. ,ant street, before departing for theirMisses Mae Shannon and Nellie new homp in Rt-,7,mRourke have returned from a visit toMiss Delia O'Connel, in Carlisle. Chester Ey.orecs follows:Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Hammons and i "Lucien Buck, purchasing engineechildren have returned from a visit f0r the Eastman Kodak Compnay, withto inenas ana relatives m Kiclimona.urs. wuuuioru opears was a guest to become general manager of the Paof Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Shackleford, rana paper Co., with headquarters inm Richmond several days the past Curitvba. Parana. Brazil. The mill.week.Mrs. Mary Dennis has returnedfrom a tWO-months' Visit tO Mr. andurs. Minigan iuncam, m bt. Augus-tine, Florida.Miss Lucy Simms has returnedfrom the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, where she has been undertmeuivii wcuwucuuMrs. Warren Kennedy and chil -dren have returned bo their home inrucnmonu, aner a visit to ours. weuChristman, in this city.Elder L. H. Reynolds, wno hasbeen confined to his home in NorthMiddletown for some time by illness.is aDie io De out again.Dr. Blackburn and Mr. Henry, Weathers have returned to their homesin ffwr lncrtrm oftor ft vicif tn friprtflsI v."""bi "" """ -"and relatives near tnis citr'Mic? nnriid Snhre. nf Louisville.I who has been a guest of relatives inWinchester, was a guest of Mrs. Laura' with the United States government onjSkillman, Sunday and yesterday. 'tiie improvement of the Mississippi, asnavmg gone mere several weens ago.-Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins, wha'nave oeen sojourning in not springs.Mr. and Mrs. George Christman,Jr.. and Mr. and Mrs. Henry Laus-iman have returned to their homes inRichmond, after a visit to Mrs. Gus. the Unite(i states. Immediately beChristman. fore coming to Rochester, Mr. BuckMr. Alfonse L. Noe, of Louisville, was chief engineer of- the ChampionGeneral Agent of the State Mutual Life Fibre company, whose mills nearAssurance Co., was a recent guest of Asheville, N. C, are the largest in theDr. Wm. Kenney, who is medical ex- gouth.arainer for the company in this county., Ini9i3 air Buck entered the era-Among those from Fans wno ai-tended the annual session of the StateltouiiebLui, ie iuin., n o . to"""";of Mrs. Evelyn Buck.(Other Personals on Page o)K. T. COMMANDERY TOATTEND STATE CONCLAVECouer de Lion Commardery No. 26,TCnieM Temnlars. and iheii ladies, o?Paris wni attend the annual Con -L, .' ,i,;rtn ,ni i.n hoir thic vpnr instay at the Conclave. rlhe .programwill include the usual round of recepre-'tinns and entertainments by the vari-iiQUS commanderies of the StateA COMMERCIAL PRODUCT.a commercial use for the periscopehas recently been discovered by amercantile establishment in Chicago.'lp its show window not long ago ap imraral a huse perisccpe, theeyen;nn. ninca ofrnintsl- flip window. an(iias"w5abo've it the sign, "Look! See the Ex'hibit in the Basement." A large!,v,..J 'oc? ennn friihPVP( flllOllt thewindow. The way it was done wasthis: The shaft of the periscope wasj brought through the floor of .the show'window, below which a number ofmirrors arranged in certain positionscontrived to bring the display of goodsJin the basement into view of the peojple on the sidewalk anove.BEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.J. B. Roberts, East St. Louis, 111. "Itkept his cough loose and relieve himof those dreadful coughing spells. Itis the only cough medicine I keep inthe house because I have the mostconfidence in it." This remedy isalso good for colds and croup. m(may-adv)"TENTING TO-NIGHT."Mary Roberts Reinhart has contributed to the May issue of Cosmopolitan Magazine a brilliant article entitled "Tenting To-night." In thisnarrative Mrs. Rinehart tells thestory of her wonderful trip to thegreat Northwestern Rockies, and tellsit in such a fascinating manner thatthe reader's interest is held from beginning to end. The article is illustrated with a number of remarkablephotographs taken on the trip.Tf dish moos are kept in a solutionof soda and water when not in. usethey will he odorless.FORMER PARIS BOYGETS MERITED PROMOTIONThe Rochester (N. Y.) Express, of a Jrecent date, has an account of the promotion of former Parisian. Lucien! Buck who has been elevated to afine position by the Parana PaperCompany, with headquarters in Bra-zil.- . tvtt. -dvu .- -T t-., -Euck' of Paris- a a brother of Mrs. IJohn Ytrrw ne n,io ,-.. in ron,.The notice an miblished in thfi Ro-headquarters in this city, has resigned j'which Mr. Buck will design in parran(i build, will be locate-1 at Morretes.1int fnr frrwm Hurifvhri ATr TtnoV Ipnvothe Eastman Company to-dav, but willremain .in this citv until April 1st,ien jle will remove io New York,anQ about Juno lst accompanied byMrs. Buck, will sail for Brazil. Theywin resiue m uuntvoa.' Born an(1 rearei in the Blue Grassregion of Kentucky, Mr. Buck is an vhonor graduate of the MillersburgMilitary Institute, and a graduate ofthe college of Mechanical and Electrical Encineerine of the Universitv ofKentucky. After graduation Mr. Buckwas engaged for several years in civilpnmneerinir. includine- street, waterworks anQ sewer construction andsi. st jn..-t ti..maintenance, anu as envision transit-'man on maintenance and construe: .i, i, t ,:,.:,i ,i xti,.,iira,-imnri in Ainhamn w Wn nicotimber survevs for one of the largepulp companies about ten years ago-vTt. tcmm.- hoMmp intm-ptpri in thp.manufacture of paper. He has madea special stU(ly o the subject ever'since, and in responsible charge ofmaintenance and engineering has beenw?i. nTTia nf tho lnrn-AQf ,nnin nnrlnr,-nPr Tnnniifnp.tiirinjr romnanies inlnv of nfi Rnstman Kodak Com-pany as specjai engineer in charge ofpaper.Tne parana Paper Ooanpa-ny, ofwhich Mr. Buck is to be the gonefal'manager and in which he is a stock-holder, is composed of several largepaper manufacturing interests in NewiYork and Boston. He will have charge0f the construction of the company'"mill at Morretes, and will be its man-' ager after completion.i "The position is considered impor: tant as Jt involves the manufacture oni& lae scalo of paper ftom a hithertounused fibrous material. That thelliaterial can i)G so utilized has beendemonstrated in a small mill that hasneen in operation for some time. Thesupply of the raw material is said tobe practically inexhaustible. Thecompany's product will be d'sposed ofalmost wholly in the South Americantrade"h--- ,TTT-Tir-vrUoLAK 1. iliW 1 UVi( tt-tptod A ED A HI rvYIL10K A. tJ&PiDLui.and J. CRAIG BRADLEYannounce that they have formeda partnership tor the general' practice of law and equity, underfhct ,,. Qrnn nfus---.--j Bradtey asidBradiey,with office in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.Building, Paris, Ky.TOCincinnatiand Return -On Special Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY, MAY 6Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a.m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.J.'K. SMITH, T. A.,iSI. 50PARISTuesdayAlice Bradyin"Boughtand Paid For"A Brady Made WorldFeature.Also the 10th episode of'The Secret Kingdom'with Charles Richmanand Dorothy Kelly.ComingAttractionsHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and f Oc.rTSole Agency.STACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-00 and $7-50j Take Advantage of These Prices1 and Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE.ini..'i.''i"'ii'M'-i"i''''!"-i"i"i''i"i"i'-i"!'-'i''i':..i...li..i..lt&(9SpecialIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Dispjay ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE G5VE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases. .cwm Bros, mpi$imn) ana main St$.'609eos9esacecees9d$ea6sas9aess3e3s&t9MW.'AfrT4X.?rXFZm3LaAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being1 made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GE W. 0&VI8,Automobile InsuranceCompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property Damage.TNA AUTO SERVICEPresenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentof the Aetna in any part of thecountry places the agent's services at your disposal in theevent of your having an accident. The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance: A. J FEE, Agent,Paris, KJa.TjLjLj 1 11 1GRAND AND ALAMOWEDNESDAYLenore Ulrich inaThe Road to Love"produced by the Oliver Morosco PhotoPlay Co. on the Paramount program.THURSDAYTHEDA BARAIN"The Vixen"six part Fox Feature. Hank Masonin "Chased Into Love," Fox Film Comedy in two parts.i"iNiM"t'Z"l"I"I"H' !Attention1ssi,8mmmitmintnem StoreParis, KentucltyFssmera! elector.Hemstitching !We are now prepared to do!cne nnesc Kina oiHemstitching and Picot:Edge Workon all kinds of material. Special Xattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati Ohin ''4All work and prices eruaranfppd. 'sansiactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STORE 'E. Tenn. Phone 931 Horn Phone 4T8927 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY. '- IH rjXV.mIn$tvrtMfi -Mr- v: .jvrJ13MMBF0URTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KY.TUB8DAT, MAT 1, ltl.VVrtviBmIiJiUThe Bourbon NewsItt1 36 Years of Con-tlnlonr Publfcailon.yji led in the Paris Cemetery, with thei.hd Every Td-day nd Friday. I VZZllL I'lLll'r Year... ?2.00-Slx Months... .00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP,Editor and Owner.tMtsred at the Paris, Kentucky,Foctoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)DEATHS.MARTIN.Mr. Cain Martin, of the Millers"burg vicinity,svs"kAi msinformationlast week of the ddath of his fatherSir. John Martin, which occurred atConnersville, Indiana, on April 21, or.Acute heart disease. Mr. Martin was aresident of Harrison county,ed from there to ConnersvilleformerTrwt- TnnvAfl,. ,.ow- o-o, mnlra V,lc Vinma ixHtVihte rtsiiP-htPr ATrs. .lohn Wriirht. Heis survived by seven children and threesisters.R"rcnATnNrm , , n, , ,r , , iThe funeral of Mr. Frank Howardayx .A ..ntv.fM.r ,,.. ,1,-,1 of-he home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.-George King Redmon, on the RuddlesMills pike, Friday morning at twoociocK, was nem w. we uunuyEuxruay aitwuuju -u-'with services conducted by Rev. W.- J -rt. - 4-,.. .'.IjiaI-E. ElUs, pastor of the Paris Christian-ckurch. Tlie burial followed in tinTaris 'Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Joe B. Smith.Sarry Speakes, William Houston, Won.G. McClintock and Stoner Kiser.Mr. Redmon was a well-knownvonne farmer, very popular with all-kIio knew him, and his death bringssorrow to a large circle of relatives!nd friends. He is survived by hisparents, and two sisters, Mrs. Tal-iott Evans and Mrs. A. B. Barclay, orGeorgetown.BARNETT.The funeral of Mrs. Barbara Bar-j0f Kansas City, dying several yearsxiett, aged seventy-eight, the venerable ag0f leaving two sons. His secondmother of Mrs. A. J. Winters, of this wife,. formerly Miss Lyons, also of:Ily who died at her daughter's resi-! Kansas City, with five children, surdence at three o'clock Sunday after- jvives.noon, will be held at the home of Mrs."Winters, on High street, at 9: 30 o'clockthis morning, with services conduct-ed by Rabbi Goldmans, 01 ixingion.;Lexington; Mrs- Ben- oweareugen, olime ounai wm ian:e piace m t-u --ington Cemetery at eleven o'clock.Mrs. Barnett had been ill but a shorttime, ner death loiiowing as a cume-aence of the infirmities of age. She-was of German descent, ana was a-xative of Pottsville, Pa. After hermarriage to Mr. Barnett, she moved toCincinnati, where she and her husbandresided several years. Some years agothey came to Paris and (made their3iome with Mr. and Mrs. Winters, cii-riding time with their daughter, Mrs.Jacob Slaughter, in Eminence, nerluaband, Mr. Abram Barnett, died sudaealr in this city on March 24, 1914.Mrs. Barnett is survived by twodaughters, Mrs. A. J. Winters, of Pan?,and Mrs. Jacob Slaughter, of Emisence; also by two sisters, Mrs. Emma12aas, of St Joseph, Mo., and Mrs. M.Oppenheimer, of Lincoln, Neb., andtwo brothers, Messrs. Isaac and Jacob;Ehrman, both of DeoatuY, 111. Mrs.Barnett was an aunt of Mrs. L. K.;Frankel, of Lexington. vAt the conclusion of the funeral ser--xicesthe body will be taken to Lexington in an auto hearse, accompaniedTiy the funeral party in automobiles.Ihe pall-bearers will be: ActiveEdward Burke, Charles B. Mitchell,Isaac L. Price, Bismark Frank, J. A.Stern and Jas. Engleman; honoraryJ. Miller, Harry Klein, J. Speyer,Crant Miller, Jos. David and A. HainjneL WALLEN.Mr. Wm. A. Wallen, Councilman,jprorainent business man and memberof eeverstl fraternal and secret orders.cied at the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, at four o'clock Fridaymorning, following an operation periknned for the removal of gall stones.Mr. Wallen had been sick for somjtime, but had been confined to hisI Borne but a short time. His condition grew so serious that an immediate operation was decided upon as ameans of relief.Mr. Wallen was in the .fifty-first year.He was a native of Richmond, Ya.,lwit came to Owenton, Ky., about thirty-years ago, where he located in themonmment business. He closed outiie business interest there about nineyears ago and came to Paris, wherelie opened Up the monumental business under the firm name of the ParisMonumental Workss' opposite the ParisCemetery. Some time ago Mr. Wallencoaswiidated his business with theMurray & Thomas Co., of Maysville,ixaier the name of the -Murray-1 nonmoCo., ae becoming vice-president of thermapany and manager of the plant atPari. Mr. Wallen was a member ofthe Board of Council of Paris, -andraa serving his fourth year in that ca-Mtoity.jCr Wallen is survived by his widow-ao was formerly Miss Mary Fur.Hies, of Saunders, Carrol county, thisState, and two brothers, Messrs. Harry"Wallea and James Wallen, of Richmind. Ya. His son, Mr. Elwood: Wal-was killed in an autoniuuue avvi-aear Nicholasville, m J.;The funeral was held at the residence on Cypress street, Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with, serviceeconducted by Rev. Dr. O. It. "Mangum, ofthe Baptist church. The burial followjL,-... D s. Henry. L. m!True, Claude F. Redmon, and L. D.Redmon. The honorary pail-bearers1 .. Ttr TTT TIItAn ri CO-nnmt- Otlnn:were w- w- nmV; OLC "Sfili. iieaiora, w. vj. woason, ueurge u.ISpeakes, Curtis Henry and R. F. ClenIcenin. MATLACK.Capt. Thomas Matlack, for manyyears one of the best-known passengerconductors on this division of the Louisville & Nashville railroadfi died atthe home of his daughter, Mrs. Chas.L. Carlisle, in Covington, Sundaymorning, after a short Illness.Capt Matlack began his railroadcareer on the old Kentucky Centraldivision, and soon became one of itsmost reliable -men. He was for fortyyears known to the traveling public,his run being from Cincinnati to Lexington. When the through trainswere put on the new division extending from Cincinnati to Knoxville andJacksonville, Capt Matlack was placedin charge of one of them. He continued in the L. & N. service until fiveyears ago, when he was retired" onfull pay. Mr. Matlack entered the service of the company at the age oftwenty. He was known to almostevery man, woman and child along theiline of the L. & N. in his time.Capt. Matlack is survived by twosons. Mayor Dave T. Matlack, of WinChester, and Dr. H. Matlack, of Cincinnati, and one daughter, Mrs. Chas:L- Carlisle, of Covingtonj. The funeral will be held at the Mad-o" ..veuue v,uwBuau u. .ington,Vi?o f.TSiocrJnv i mnrninf fir' ' . .10:30 o'clock, with services conductedby Rev Joseph B. Haggin. The buriali will follow; in the Highland .CemeteryI at COVinCtOn. Adelegation of L.N. men fromParis will attend thc,et r , ' tt V? w"OIbey'and Mr. Clinton Hall, both of nearfuneral.TERRY.Air. ranK u. lerry, a luimei iwident of Paris, died at his .home in Il " , p,.I(lov mnrninir nttnrnuuowu, ag.yuo, j. mj w..0,a short illness.Mr. Terry was a son of the late Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Terry, pioneer resi-Llnnfn rf Doric TTa yanaivart. hie PJirlveducation in the old iraris City Schooland in the early 80s set out in. ,., . -, , ,, ;Uieworld on his own hook, going to Kansas City, where he secured a positionwith the Wells-Fargo Express Com,pany. He received promotion afterpromotion by close attention to business and was finally made superintendent of all the offices covering an extensive territory in the South andSouthwest He was in the employ ofthe Wells-Fargo Company for overthirty-five years, in which, time hegained "the confidence and. esteem ofhis employers by his capable and competent administration of business affairs.Mr. Terry was married twice hisI first wife, who was Miss Cora May,.Missjjr Terry was a brother ofKfargaret Terry, of Paris; Miss Beat-'ten report setting forth the needs oTrjce Terry and Mrs. Wm. Warren, oisaid school, andKansas uity, mo., ana iur. x. r pTerry, of Bingham, Mas. fThe funeral took place Sunday inKansas City, the Dunai loufwmg inElmwood Cemetery, at that peacePINCH HIS BACK.No we do not do this, but our pinchLack style coats for young men infancy homespuns and flannels, are theswellest suits in town.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Attend the sale of theBourbon'College lots this afternoon..BIRTHS.In this city att he residence ofMr. and Mrs. Charles Mann, to thev,ife of Mr. Howard B. Carr, formerlyif Paris, a 7-pound son.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Jacob Elvove, a son; fifth born andsecond son. The Jewish rite of circumsision will be performed nextThursday by Rabbi Krasner, of Lexington. Attend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonNKEEP OUT THE BUGS AND FLIESBig line of screen doors and screenwindows. Made to fit any size door orwindow. Screen wire by the yard.Our prices are always a little lower,the quality a shade better than thei est.(20-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.CLEVE GETS AWAY.Cleveland Stafford, of Carlisle, whois as well known in police and courf"circles in Paris as he is in Carlisle,escaped from the local authorities aCarlisle, Friday, while at work witha gang or men in tne city tock quarj.Paris police were asked to keep a lookout for "Cleve," whose face is a familiar one here.Stafford formely resided in Paris,lie was under conviction on acharge of violation of the local optionlaws at Carlisle.' Attend the sale" of theCollege lots this afternoon.Bourbon, ASK FOR DEMONSTRATION'.Ask for a demonstration of the Oakland Six, the sensible car. The priceand performances of this car most satisfactory. Ask the man who ownsone.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE,27-2t)Fourth and Higli, Paris, Ky.,STOCK, CROP, ETaClark & Young purchased 15,000pounds of wool from CayWood & McClintock at sixty-four cents per poundThey advertise in this Issue of THENEWS for wool.SUITS TO ORDERMade by an exclusive tailoring firmCome in and look at our samples.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.PAY YOUR CITY LICENSE.The Council Thursday nightfixed all City Licenses for theensuing year. Call at PeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Co. andpromptly pay yours. They aredue TO-DAY.C. K. THOMAS,Collector.MATRIMONIAL.Two marriage licenses were issuedfrom the office of County Clerk PearcePaton Saturday Jesse Bryant andMrs. Hester Oakley and R. N. Wopdand Amelia H. Buchanan, all of thiscounty.A license issued yesterday to a Clarkcounty couple bore the notation,"Please Don't Publish!" The partieswho are anxious to conceal their identites are prominent in Wenchester.THE NEWS respects Clerk Paton's request knowing .that time will bringIVTfli fit a nomACi ""-" tttTt r tttt-Km&?, A marriage licenseas issued Sat-&iulua,y LlKJui ullc ""; ji uiuiuy oierParis.Attend the sale of theCollege lots this 'afternoon.BourbonCOTTON SEED MEALCotton Seed Meal.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(April20-4t)For Sale.A nice young Jersey heifer,calf by side, five weeks old.Cumberland Phone 984.withCallH. M. CAMPBELLr,(1-lt) Bethlehem Pikef "ResolutionsCITY HALL, PARIS, KY.Anrtl OR 1(117WHEREAS, The Board of Educationof tho f!Uv nf PnTMa i.nra L,T-ythrough the City Clerk to the Boardnf nmmp.il nf thp p.ftv nf Parjc o mi-- w-w.7 v. a ui iu nui ti ouuaiiiLcuWhereas, It appears therefrom thatthere is imperatively demanded andthat the necessities of said schools re-quire that an addition to th school-building for white children be con-structed and equipped and an addition to the school building for col-ored children be constructed andequipped, and it further appearing LU r,oiuuon, ana tne said Sheriff andfrom said report that the sum of $46 - sai? County Clerk ar directed to do000.00 will be required for said pur- an? Perform each and everything reposes, and it appearing that said sun- uir1ed under the laws ot the Commoncannot be raised by a levy of a tax wealth of Kentucky in conducting saidallowed by law in any one year and election an(l registration and in thethat the said sum necessary to be ex- Preservation of the returns and thepended for said purposes exceeds the canvassin& and certification of theincome and revenue of the City of voe .Paris for school purposes in any one ll 1S furtner ordered and directedyear, and tnat ,tne Board of Election Commis-Whereas, It further appears that the sione'rs of Bourbon County shall canonly practicable method of raising said vass the returns of said election andsum of imoney is by an issue of bonds certify the results and they are dland levy from time to time to pay rected to deliver a copy of the certlthe bonds and interest thereon, and "cation each to the Board of CouncilWhereas, Said Board of Education of tIie Cit.v of Paris and tj the Boardm said report recommended and requested that the proposition of issuingthe bonds in the amount aforesaid besubmitted to a vote of the qualifie Ivoters of the Citv of Paris. Kfrntunlrv.Therefore, Be it resilved by theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, that an election be and thesame is hereby called and ordered tobe held on the 2d day of June, 1917,and that at said election there be submitted to the qualified electors of theCity of Paris, Kentucky, the following.proposition; Notice is hereby given that pursuant,"Are you in favor of issuing bond to the request of the Board of Educain the sum of $46,000.00 to be paid-tion of the City of Paris, Kentuckyby levies from time to time to meet the Board of Council of the City ofthe bonds and interest thereon, for the Faris, Kentucky, by resolution passedpurpose of constructing and equipping at the regular meeting of said Councilan addition to the City School for on the 26th day of April, 1917, appdovedwhite children and an addition to the by the Mayor, called and ordered ancity scnooi lor colored children;" election to De neia. or. tne zu nay oThere is likewise called and order- June, 19J.7, for the .purpose of submited to be held a special registration on ting to the qualified voters of the Citythe 21st day of May, 1917, for the of Paris, Kentucky, the propositionpurpose of registering all qualified whether or not bonds shall be issuedelectors who are not already properly in the amount of $46,000.00 and taxesregistered. For the purpose of holding levied from year to year to pay thesaid election and registration, it is said bonds and interest thereon, theordered that the Sheriff of Bourbon proceeds of same to be used for theCounty, on the dates aforesaid cause purpose of constructing and equippingthe polls to be opened in each of the an addition to the school building forsix voting precincts in the City of white-children and an addition to theParison the dates aforesaid and asthe law directs.It is further ordered that said bonds,if authorized to be issued, shall ma-ture atiintervals to be hereafter de-termined, but none of said bonds areto mature at a later date than 20 yearsafter the date of issue, and that thereshall be raised annually by taxationforesaid purpose the sum of $4 600, orsuch part thereof as may be necessaryfor. an interest and sinking tund forthe purpose of paying the interest onsaid bonds and redeeming said bondsat their maturity. Said bonds shall ! By said resolution a special registrabe issued providing for the payment ttion was likewise called and prdered,of interest thereon at the rate of; not tobe held jon" the 21st day -of May ,3.917,$more than 5 per cent per annum. .for the purpose' ot registration, df . those'.At the election herein ordered the persons entitled to vote at said elecqualified voters of the City of Paris, tion whose names have been recordedKentucky, shall have the right to vote,and a tax DroDOsed to be levied for thopurposes aforesaid shall be levied upon.j "Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Wareliouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Room For Rent.Nicely furnished room in well-locatedresidence on South Main street,ivll conveniences. Call this office.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and, canthe bought right for cash.PICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,ion Friday, a black bar pin. Finder:please return to THfe NEWS office.Suitable reward.Public AuctionOFHousehold and KitchenFurniture, Etc.I will sell on the premises, at myresidence on Duncan Avenue, at public auction, on NSaturday, May 5, 1917,at two o'clock, p. m., the fallowingdescribed household and kitchen furniture, etc.:Folding Beds, Chairs, Tables, Velvetand Axminister Druggets, (all new ;One birds' eye maple bedroom set;'One Cherry bedroom set;Lace curtains; Oil Paintings;Cut Glass; Haviland hand-paintedChina;One rosewood settee; 6 gas stoves;;Lot of mattresses, bed clothing, etc.,,'Ono gas range; several electroliersBric-a-brac, .pictures, etc.JA11 these goods are practically newand all in good condition.MRS. ROSA WALLINGFORD.George D. Speakes, Auct.all property in the City of Paris, subject to levy for school .purposes in theCity 'of Paris.I The City Clerk shall give notice of theelection and registration above provided for by publishing a notice thereof in a newspaper uaving a Generalcirculation in the City of Paris, Ken-"?' or at !.east two weeks P tome uate or sain election and reeistra-i: i .. . -wLDn' ?a,P. ""ceI sha11 specify theamount of indebtedness proposed to bell,curred' the Purpose of the same andthe amut necessary to be raised an-"."J taxation lor an interest andsinking fund as above set out.The City Clerk will furnish to theSheriff of Bourbon County a certifiedcopy of this resolution and will like-fwise furnish a copy of same to the ICounty Clerk of Bourbon County with-I en iU uays after the massage ofUl uuutauuu ut L"e 1lj ol trans, meelection herein ordered shall be conducted without secret ballot and themethod of voting shall be viva voce,' Approved:J. T. HINTON,Mayor of the City of Paris, Ky.Copy Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.NOTICEschool building for colored children inthe City of Paris. The amount of in-'debtedness proposed to1 be thus incur-red is $46,000.00, and the purpose ofsame is to construct and equip anaddition to the school building forwhite children and an addition to theschool building for colored children,and the amount of money necessary tobe raised annually by taxation for aninterest and sinking fund to meet said.indebtedness is $4,600.00, or suchportion thereof as may be required forIsaid purpDse.on the registration books.J W TTAYHP1VCity Clerkof Paris, Kentucky.Get One OfAtSale of "College Hill Place"Tuesday, May 1st, at 2:30 P. M. .Every one attending the sale will receive achance on 100 POUNDS OF FLOUR and also50 POUNDS OF SUGAR.DISCOUNT OF $10.00will be given on the first lot sold.DISCOUNT OF $5.00 PER LOTwill be given on the next twelve lots sold.A DISCOUNT OF $15.00will be given on the sale priceDON'T FORGET THEInterior DecoratingHi GRADE HOUSE a SIGN PUGWALLr A r CL riPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEAD .SHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERT 5CELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best' Our MottoC. A. DaughertyFifth and Wain Streets ' Paris, KentuckyBlack Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownHarrowsl Ball Garage.Cor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis. equipped with steam vulcanizer and ran by an expertSteam Heated GarageOPEN DAY. AND NIGHT.These PrizesThe--.of the Bourbon College building.GUESSING CONTEST!Hard Wood Finishingi-imfat-!?W-r:-." --nN"f -.V,,'A- v?- V f'TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1917.THEBOURBONtfEWS, PARIS, KYfPAGSFTWtSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There aridI Elsewhere.THE WEAT.HER.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, April 29, as issuedby the U. S. Weather Bureau, is asfollows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee: Un-- - Mr. Robert S. Porter made a bus settled- cooler and showery first halfPAY YOUR CITY LICENSE. Inessni?pnto Cincinnati, Sunday. Wednesday1 Warmer. . ., -. . ... fl7"Rev- Dr- Frank J. Cheek, of Dan- weanesaay-The Council Thursday night ville, was a visitor in Paris Saturday .m "fixed all City Licenses for the Mrs. Harry Simon returned Sun- ?swc3d Winter," which is now,.,.:.. ,-... f-.n D...U, clay night from a hnRinae -t-. " .. Payi"& its annual visit, as usualcllJH.bjv.. "" ' wr"fc- ork. broughtDeposit Bank & Trust Co. anddav at our store.C. P. COOK & CO.Attend the sale of the BourbonCollege lots this afternoon.WILL PROBATED.FRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREMITCHELL & BLAKBMORB.REVIVAL MEETING.18out overcoats and made earlyMiss t Allien oi . . nwrning nres necessarv. Otherwise. - -VUliJC OLCKltf. Ill I-'JJT'IC 1C 1 -promotiy pay yours. Tttey are guest -of friends and relatives n Wr tue weatner s been fine. Heavydue TO-DAY. sallies. cuives m er- rains fell eary Sumlay morningt do.C. K. THOMAS, Mr. Charles R. Hill, who recently f,f !?. t0 the win,f v,eSe-Collector undeent an operation at the Jew- V0? Sunda was warm and PleasCollector. lsh Hospital . Cincin a ? J ant bringing out large crowds on thevery nicely b streets. The automobiles were a.6STRAWBERRIES, STRAWBERRIES -Mr. Harry Saloshin was a guest Mnww r' -n Jtrf- Mondav of his motim- tvt t.i-o-, visitor m weather line will be "black-, .- 5.i .-,, ,. oshin, and familv. ' 0ii" berry winter," after which. there is a!OUdttuciuco icucivcu iitou. ccij- ... r . rMsnnnhlo ovnontofinn nf li oaillurs- Jonn make, of Paris, was a cl"" v. V ,Xguest last week of Miss ManrarPt SPnnZ weather, and we can safelyBlake, in Winchester. "4rei singf "Spring Has Come, Gentle Annie.""Miss Carolyn Roseberrv was a i Sguest last week of Airs. William t Attend the sale o tue Bourbon 'Juujawm, m Lexington. v.0c t,o auwuuuu.Mrs. W. H. Clay, formerly of Paris, I m-TTi pthn qdr.mp cUnis improving at her home in Woodland NuTTLETON SPRING SHOESAvenue. LfiTine'fnn nffor i., :nThe will of Mrs. Anna Grannan, as ness. ' b Stylish toes, dependable leathers,probated in the County Court, Satur -Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern and son, f ,1j 1-......nr. nil hni nKnnnrtv -- hai M1-.T1 Ul . tlllllll! .1 rnm MQI'n .-t .. . .1 aClaV, leaves an uci piuycii.' ij uci n - v, nuit iciuineichildren, Misses Mary and1 Elizabeth from a visit to friends and relatives in ,Grannan and Messrs. William, Joseph Cincinnati. jand Edward Grannan. Mr. William Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Larkin haveGrannan is named as administrator, rented the home of Mr. and Mrs.' John 'The will bears date of Nov. 4, 1910. Bedford, on the Bethlehem pike, andWill mnt'a tVinr.i 1.: 1' c- o ti, Trr. -. .,.. , iag. conducted bv the castor. Rev. Dr. 15PUBLIC SALE. little son wSorhave "earned - M"T"fc "1 ?' V i-. , from a visit to Mrs ArVrva V llie work ' Dr. Frank W. EberharJtMrs. Rosa Wallingford will offer her rom JnJB Mr?" Ardery s parents, pastor of the DanvilIe church. Rev.household goods for sale next Satur- Jn Spencer' m Lex' Mangum will preach each evening Sday, May 5, at her residence on Dun- ' Pri . through the week until the following'can Avenue. Attend the sale and you tLne Sunday' when Dr- berhardt will ccta-.fcan pick up some bargains. tQ rJWe r;Gnan e3 duct the services. Dr Eberhardt was X1 ,. in the employ of the Fayette Motor formerl' m char&e of tne Pans church, !fAttend the sale of the Bourbon car Co and 1S wel1 known as a speaker of; JCollege lots this afternoon. j Mrg John Woodford entertained,r-,i. ..K.troAi -ad at her country home Friday-afternoonNEW FUNERAL CAR. for Mrs steenbergen.'of Huntington.7 , . , West Virginia, and Mrs. Lucien Buck,Mr. George W. Davis has purchased of Rochester, New Yorkof the Crane-Breed Co., of Cincinnati. .a handsome Winton Six auto funeral f r ?fii n w?rOCtr;Lr which Avill be delivered here about frofs- c?Bll' Dawes, White andS 1 1 Th np-v car will be used in Low' of Paris attended the recentfSr indPrtalSSe business "'meeting of the State Educational As-their undertaking ousmess. SBoHn.tinn vioiri i T;o;n- -K. E. A. ELECTS OFFICERS.. tjiiAA'c4Special.nnouncement !? -A revival meeting will begin at the Jir'ans Baptist cnurch to-morrow even-MRS. MARGARET H. WIDRIGSpecial Representative ofe Pictorial Review Co.of New YorkWill be at our Pattern Departmentm4great power and eloquence.TWO IN ONE !THE PAIRATucf fin twr u'ool'c linciiiocc tVlicMr. and Mrs. B. J. Brannon left WDOv ; nno of n,Qerri,. T'H,nv711Pational Associa- last Iug?t for Dawson Springs as del- EXTRA SPECIAL PRICESThwnwwdi Read g'enuine bargains in sheettion i, which closed its "JjJ Woodmen ot Amenci to the annual niUsic: Over 1,000 titles-song hits,isville, Saturday, elected tlie roiiowing state meeting of that order. Inmdern dance hits inqtrumental andofficers: PresidenL J- A. Carnagey, jmouern aance nits, instrumental andof Danville; vice-president, Prof. T. A. -Mrs. Abram Renick, who has been concert Pieces-selling from 10c to (5cHenrdicks, of Paris; treasurer, Miss under treatment at the Massie Me- ?er y' thIs week' cll01ce 3 CD1)iesLida Gardner, of Carlisle. nioriaJ Hospital, in this city, for some , or 1UcItime. has recovered sufficiently to re n ., , . . . inDR. A. E. REED turn to her home in Winchester. Cuspidor or slop jar mats, each 10i-or 2 for loc; Richardson s assortedAdvises all men who suffer with! All members of the Red Cross So-1 books on crochet work, each 10c;-.Tw t wpr the Reed Cushion ciety are requested to be at the manse nail or hand brushes, 2 for 5.e i qw cn Duncan avenue to-day. The hours METAL FRAME WINDOW SCREENSwill be from 9 to 5 o'clock. Lots cf will not stick, warp nor bind, canwork on hand that must" be done. be used outside, or under the sash, inI the usual wav. an everlastine screen.Master T. J. Judy, son of Mr. and Bread boards, all sizes from 25c up;nl ShoeMITCHELL, & BLAKEMORE.SEED CORN.w f..M.f lAtiia YpIIow Mrs' Watson Judv, of Paris, is confined pure white deep pudding bans, 4 coat!Boone COUnry wmie. nenuw to his home with measle; Mrs Judy ed whIte enamel, 3 quart size, each5llty Silage Corn. had planned a visit to relatives in loc; all sizes flannel covered tableTHURSDAY, MAY 3rdThis is an excellent opportunity to learn more about these mostpopular patterns. Mrs. Widrig will be pleased to explain whyPictorial Review Patternsare more chic, more graceful and more economical than any otherPattern. She will also explain how you can save time, labor andmaterial by using the cutting and construction guides furnished withPictorial Review Patternsand will be able to give suggestions of great value to . the womanwho makes her own clothes.&rRANK & COMPANYiSAWkDnt-- J -" . BBK.C. S. BRENT & BKU.(27apr-4t)SPECIAL ELECTIONI Wichita. Kansas, to leave yesterdav. mats. 5?n. 10 and 12c: embraidervJ but her son's illness compelled her cotton, all shades, 4c a ball; slipper',to remain.Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, organ. . ... :li t, Y.aAA in 11' ai l-"u oralis Vlll ISLIUU Cliurcil,A special election ,11 be held id h faas be(m mtiees, 10c; tape measures, 60 incheslong, each 4c; Japanese parasols, 10c;Hat Frames, 10c; flowers, 10c.WALL PAPERThe busy season in wall paper hauParis on June 2, for the Ppose ot v;eekg with chronic appendicitis. hastaking tne sense oi tue vuia . remoVed from hpr lmmp tn Hip', . J -V-"'J"" " "" hicity on the .proposition recently put up jfaSn8ie emorfa?HosS broken int' part f 0Ur reguIar linc'S the Citv Council for the issuance of anH tSfSI lJ,L,eJfan,and as a result we have about 20 lots.operation will be performed to-day.$46,000 for additional .buildings, etc.,f. io Paris Citv School. A specialregistration will be neia on iuonua, graduated with honors at the WestMay 21.each enough for a room, probably theAir Winn TJsIp wlm rprnntlv last fr is season, will close out thelot Kr oj;C a roil, oiuewau, ceumgand borders to match.JOIN THE ARMYof good dressers. Enlist right now5u one of our ?20 suits exceptionalvalues in many style models.J. W. DAVIS & CO.p-irt Military Academy, at WestPoint, New York, arrived Friday fora visit to his (parents, Mr. and Mrs.D. C. Lisle, near Paris.THE FAIR"Notes of The Traveling Men" in'Sunday's Lexington Leader says:"Lyt Puraell, representing the ParisMilling Company, passed through Lex-Attend the sale of the Bourbon ington this week. The boys hope to'rorr ws this afternoon. make a U. C. T. out of Lyt in the neailJJBMMMMMiMM"iMMMM"M I I H T;AnnnimftementVini w w w w riiCOMPANY PAYS DIVIDENDSfuture."T'he regular meeting of the Wo-, - -i i r i.Dntv fivp ne- men's Missionary Society of the MethA stock dividend of Uentjfiepe . m hQ churcjcent, or a total of $2o.000 s ciar afternon. Miss Oliviaed and ordered ffi Orr will be the leader. All the ladiesstockholders of the fcjr ems j Land ana trfco u are invited bcMineral Ccmfpany, of Stanford. JNir ,J. W. Hayden, City Clerk of Paris, w present.secretary and treasurer of the Com- wliile in Louisville attending thepany, which is capitalized at ?100,0UU. meeting of the State Educational Asso-Mr. Hayden is one of the large stock- ciation last week Miss Mabel Robbinsholders in the enterprise. The divi- and Mrs Albert Mitchell called ondend was ordered paid out of the pro- Miss BurnSf a teacher of one of theceeds of the sale of a portion of the Bouroon county schools, who is in acompany's lands. Louisville hospital. They report MissBurns as being improved.Attend the sale of the BourbonCollege lots this afternoon.w"ON TO WARSAW."'i The following from Paris attend- 1ed a banquet given in uincinnati lasinight to the commission men of Cincinnati, by Mr. A. B. ("Uncle Bose")The following delegates from the Wagers, the prominent stockman and jParis Methodist church, left yesterday commission man: Tollie Young Chastn attpndx the Frankfort uisinut u- .-. Uarhe, oum nuuawu, jlrt"- """fereVce of the M. E. Church. South, Henry S. Caywood, W,m. G. McClmterer.ee oi we u ..,' rrv at nnVr Tn(,. T, Rnhhins. James Cald-7VinCTfnst niehL and will contin- well and Frank Collins.T coccion thrauch Thursday: (Other Personals on Page 6.)UC HI .JM.J.wr w w .tIl.Re"'. W. o! Sadler: S. T. Chipley N.H Eckler, Dr. James A. urr am uH.vcn. Miss Edith Hancockrepresents the Paris Epworth LeagueBrightenUpAmericafSherwn-WllamsPANTS &VARMSHES'Weather destroys one housein four every year. That fourthhouse may be yours this yearis it properly protected?YOUNG PEOPLES' RALLY.Mr. Carl Lehman, of Ensley, Ala--. 1.1. T noonia i e .. 1. Cfnfat! Conrntorv nf 'r,u" .-,i tn.morrow. conductec3. the united Societies of Christian En-hv Mr Dennis V Snapp, District Sec- deavcr, will be the chief speaker atStarr" of the Conference. Mr. Snapp the Young Peoples' Rally to be held mwill deliver an address on "The Com the Christian church, in this city atman. I to Move On." 7:30 o'clock, this (Tuesday) evening.mand t0 We Mr. Lehman is on his way to Louis-Attor, thP sale of the Bourbon vine to attend the Christian EndeavorrJipP lots this afternoon. Convention, which will meet in that&ese lots this aueniu Thursday, May 3. Having noOFFICERS ELECTED. engagement for Tuesday evening, heUhNU . was persuaded to stop over here andAt n pifdav meeting of the Pas- deliver an address. Those from ParisA5 a?i Qnnfptv of the Presbyterian who expect to attend the conventionchurch "id a? the man on Dun- at Louisville are Miss Elizabeth Clarke,can Avenue last week, the day wa Rpbert Rose and Mr. D..Y. L.,Farle"Jlof Sff&IA Attend the .sale of the BourbonVUlICfeC iuw w..- --Sherwin-Williams Paint,Prepared, is truly preparednot merely assembled. It willprotect your home against attacks of wind, rain, sleet andsnow. Heat and cold makeno inroads on wood paintedwith this paint, because it isright in pure lead pure zinc,and pure linseed oil all controlled by the manufacturer.t-ont i xrJ i-u..:cc cpssion of the Soci-etv the blowing officers to serve for NORTHWESTERN MUTUAJS.the year.ere elected: President-Mrs . USUAL PROMPT SCTLEMffltjTmiiV Tavlor- first vice-presiden:. Hjj fl!-,:Mrs DunSn Bell; sec6nd vicerpfesi ! rMr. r. p. Clendenin, A5siate GenrMrs. Duncan fuf nnTlpv, secre. OMi a -pt nf the Northwestern Mutua'tary Mrl' William Brj'an; treasurer. Llfe insurance Co.. paid to Jaa i. Llary, rs. wuu r9Tpv. nf GeDreetown, Ky., $5,069.6imrs. unaries uu. . Jterday in payment of a policy ontt-A th Mia of the Bourbon the life of his father, W. Oscar CarAttend tne i UL w& . , .x,n ,!,! recently.College lots this afternoon. rick, who died recently.C. A. Daughertyfilth and Main Sts. Paris, KentuckyWe wish to inform the public in general thatwe have accepted the agency for theKelley Carpet Cleaning Co.of Lexington, !Ky.and will be glad to have our truck call for all rugs andcarpets that any one may wish to have cleaned and dyed,and will see that they are delivered to the Kelly Company and returned to the owner in the least possible time.Phone Your Wants to No. 36and we will attenfl to your requirements immediately, atsame price that you would be charged by the KelleyCompany. .vft1' iTHEJ.T.HINTONCO:iR:MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAK1NQD;"EITHERPHONE" 36ntS.SIXTH AND MAIN STSIBBMiil-ijJ&i414N.Jvft,It f",c,1.---j:tt-2tff wVsr... fi,$u17 -T. 'jfr-JWITHSSSherwin-Williams:toXHC-s.:5.8MMimMh?&:?.$J"&mRStmreTOAt-G&.:V9-'"A?X1L ;Aiyli'ARNISHES'm: -?lW,f-!J-ft:;:&SrWa;aaS2$&1&"iVt 'JSr5SIiji-Sf;f31:..SA'm-Vjfjs;.vs-liswL3C3m,M38NW5:yf;SA"j:s lm4mmvm( ""N.Nw$$&vNJSBV,'m:sf1-$&$:S:?::foWhat a wonderful city wewould have if every surface everywhere were brightened up with paintsand varnishes! Think of the saving;the added comfort, cleanliness and'beauty; increased values. But comfort, cleanliness, beauty and increasedvalues are only by-products. Thereal, the greatest return on your paintinvestment is protection; protectionagainst hot Summer suns and coldvvmrry masts. W earlier destrovs more houses erhyear than fire or flood. Government figures show one house out llllkji iwi uwuujlu vciy year uy aecay tnrougn ravages oi weather. IHow important it is, then, that we insure our own holies against IBr '" this insidious destroyer, decay, by proper painting Sherwin-Williams Paints and Varnishes are your best insurance policy.lightening UP our city is not a big undertaking, if every property owner does his little partPaint your house inside and out; protect and beautify every surface in and around your home. It willbcndit the city, the neighborhood and ryiost of ail, it will benefit you. There is a SherwinWilhnms Paint, Stain, Varmr, or anamd lor every surface that requires protecting or beautifyingIso matter what you want to finish, from renting your house to touching up a piece of furniture wecan supply you with just the right finish to produce the most lasting, beautiful and satisfactory resultsBring your brighten up problems to us we will gladly solve them for you.'MfyW..''mmw wmmrmv.v.vs?x-x-:-.-:vw4'9 '4Vtf't.FOR SALE BYcDaugheriyDaugherty BuildingPARIS, KENTUCKYA",ft-mx&V.:$$assess- .... , : SWStN-i:&"''&Si$iSsS("vM&ktewM8&S2&&Wt vi . &iA&m$W "' JViV rmmmm,Li -HiiMEgmM2mWwwltpltVMiR'f I' SB SIVkJ.-;-j,tFifth and Main Streets.- ji' '-'0 A - -FAOFOR SALENew auto truck. Never been used.A bargain for cash. . Call Home Telephone 141. (24-2t)Pope Bicycle For Sale.One second-hand bicycle, good asnew, Morrow brake, red, single tubetires, rubber grips and rubber paddles, mud guards and good spring seat.Apply toJ. ELVOVE,or Call Home Phone 3G0.(2T-3t)Every raider has its day and evervraider has its "sinking spell." Memphis Commercial Appeal.WANTEDTo buy, sell of exchange secondhand furniture, coal and gas cookingor heating stoves, refrigerators. Mustfoe in good condition. ,,PARIS FURNITURE EXCHANGE,611-615 Main St., Phone, 360,(27-apr-3t) Paris, Ky.Hemp Seed For Sale.iGood cultivated hemp seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.For SaleWanted.One hundred barrels of corn. CallI. D. THOMPSON, 'Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.WAITWait for the Hurron Car. Demontration by appointment.J. R. BOOTH, Agent,l24-4t) Carlisle, Ky.FOR SALEOne "o. 1 good delivery horse andcovered top wagon.WM. SAUER.-Rernoval Notice.Mrs. Victor Whitridge has moved hertiillinery stock from her home on MrAiry Avenue to Main street, dirctlyopposite the court house, for the remiin'ier of the season. All persons desiring summer millinery at moderateprices are requested to calL and seelier stoclr.24-2t)One set of dining room furniture, In.arst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterind other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)For Rent.Money-makingopportunity inGilpin-EurekaSENATE ADOPTS RESOLUTION .UKGINfe FOOD CONSERVATIONIn the Senate at Frankfort last weekMr. Bradley introduced the followinglesolution, which was unanimouslyauopteu oy the Senate:;ians to increase the nroductinn nf fnnrfproducts and to conserve the State'sresources"Whereas, Almost the entire worldis at war, and millions of men haven... 1 . . 1 " uunu me imyiemeiits oi peacevmfr rtnni neTf cno5ed har?er at,and equipped themselves wtih the im? -d0r than' t w doing to-day implements of war, and it now seemsfi" a" 7u"""i- e progress 01 that the civilized world is to be drawnnlner, wh?ther.at war Peace de I in the horrible conflict; and,S,?it Pw- m,nfyal ?roducin& "H "Whereas, The desertion.of the vaaustry. Without gold, silver, copper. rious walks of life by the many men.iii V n "aexe woulu uie engaged in warfare has brought aboutuorld be to-day? ja g shortage of foodstuffs; and,If you want to make money safely and', "Whfc-reas, America has been calledquickly, select a SStoWtahSS TLT hE' "SSV? Wmineral producing company. Pur- iLltt e Prtlon f-the rld.chase some of its stock at the initial Ca?S1"? a Sreaffc dram J0" theoffering price. Put One Hundred dol- rnkff s ot ?us country and' fcn?e'lars or more in it: Salt the stock n"y' ca"sms an unprecedented maway and await the interesting and ! Zll in the pnce of ever' artlclRprofitable developments, with an op- T1, ' . w tj h Dft(.iwi x. iportunity to double your money. Lff' n Resolvd b? , ,theSenate of the Commonwealth of Ken-The Gilnin-Eurekfi Minns rn i sPiUntr tucky: That it is the sense of thisXT. , a . a limited amount of its Treasury Stock Dody tuat every citizen of this Com-nnSrtS S TZ the sPecial Pe of fifty cents per nwealth should, and it is his patri-rZsTr t 7m 77. "u7 , 1 snare (par value $1 per share) for the ML1U uut' LO uevote ms attention 10iSE.? n 1 a ,', P?Si'" 'purpose of doubling its present out- tne Production of foodstuffs, ami tocilice Only desirable roomer wanted put and for othebr exvnsion, Thc cultivate every available spot of landbas, bath, etc. Call this office. niinin.wr0bo ?o o .uii,,i .i that is not naw in cultivation for thproducing gold, silver, copper, lead d?"rPOse of enlarging the productionand zinc property at Central City. of foodstuffs, not only for the use ofrnrn (Colo., 40 miles from Denver. The uie citizens ol isentucKy, out as a1AJ 1 . I main-shaft is down G90 feet heimv the means of aiding America in wagingA silver horseshoe pin, "somewhere. surface in rich ore bodies, increasing and winning the present war. IfIn Paris." Finder will be rewarded by Wlta depth. Adjoining mine is working " " ueiuucruuy inuiupnreturning same to this office.(6-tf.For Rent.1 1,800 ft. below surface and has pro- and s toy be of the greatest assist-QUCeu ?1U,UUU,000. ." 111 umigiiig viuiury lu iierseit aimher allies, it is absolutely necessarySenator A. E. Stricklett of Kentucky for every citizen of this country tois president of the company. HIGH- add hi mite in any possible mannerEST BANKING and OTHER REFER- to aid in waging the war. People inENCES. The stock is being rapidly all walks of life realize that the mostNice cottage on Winchester street, subscribed. A limited amount is for important matter to be considered atJust across L. & N. tracks. Conven- sa'e at tne special price of fifty cents this time is the feeding of the war-lently located. Per share; can be purchased on in- ring nations; and,FIRST NATIONAL BANK. stallment payments, one-fourth down, "Therefore, Be it further Resolved,(3-tf) balance in 3 monthly payments.. .Ac That every member of the SenatetlllllaimBmmtm to-day or pay a higher quotation, transmit a copy of this resolution tow'" """" Send in your subscription at fifty cents each and every newopaper published-, -p4 'Per share for any number of shares or in his district with the request thatJl OIT X.Gnt write to-day for free illustrated folder the said newspaper publish this reso-ctnu expen mining engineer nepori, iuuuu uuiiuig upun ivuuLuuKy s uiu-Three nice rooms, withlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)INFORMATION BLANK.Selected Nursery Stock. ;1I am local representative of the Na-Jtlonal Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y. ,A fine assortment of flowering shrubs, -andgeneral nursery stock to selectfrom. Now is the time to make you?1selection. Stock and prices guarav.-,teed. t(io-tf) miss julia McCarthy; INotice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.electric Just completed by the well-known' firm zens to cultivate every available so.ptof Isbell & Simonson. of ground for the purpose of enlarging the production ot foodstuffs."Be it further Resolved, That the1 clerks of the Senate are hereby in-rpnRPP w di atx TrMd.wr structed to have three hundred copiesM?SS FlSi Nattonli JankBlda !,ot tUis " P anfl deIiv5tive attending this legislative session."Be it further Resolved; That theCommissioner of Agriculture be givena copy of this resolution and that heuse every means available to transmit the message herein contained tothe farmers of the Commonwealthand that he urge every citizen of theCommonwealth to produce the greatest amount of foodstuffs this year toconserve their resources and retrainfrom waste and that he lend everyassistance to each and every individual of the Commonwealth in raisingKentucky's quota of food .products."Covington, Ky.Without obligation on my partsend me GILPIN-EUREKA illustrated folder and copy of MiningEngineer Report.NameStreet Address iCity and StateAdministratrix's SaleSTATE CONSTABULARY 'MAY BE ESTABLISHED.DON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ON-OF-Bourbon College ApartmentHouseAND 18 BUILDING LOTSto settle the estate of Clifton Arnsparger.As agent of Mrs. Ruby L. Arnsparger, Administratrix, I will sell to thehighest bidder atPublic AuctionTuesday, May 1,1917beginning at 2:30 p. m., and continuing until all are sold.No. 1 Bourbon College Apartment house, containing 31 rooms, nowrenting for about $100.00 per month; modern conveniences consists of steamheating plant, natural gas, electric lights, sewer; large stable and outbuildings; 1.58 acres of ground facing Pine Crest Avenue 'and fronting307 feet on Short Street This property is well located, being close tobusiness part of city, Street Car, Railroad Station, Schools and Churches.LOTS.No. 2 Is a large lot on Second Street adjoining M.' J. Murphy, andcontaining about two acres of ground and suitable to sub-divide. Chancefor speculation.No. 3 Lot on the South side of Pine Crest Avenue 50x156 feet.No. 4 Lot on the south side of Pine Crest. Avenue, 40x166.56 feet onCj press Street.'No. 5 Lot on north side of Pine Crest Avenue, 35 feet back to ShortStreetNo. 6 11 lots on the north side of Pine Crest Avenue, each 50 feetback to Short StreetNo. 12 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, S. Sv 47.7x125.5.No. 13 Lot on south side of Pine Crest Avenue, 36x117.7. 'No. 14 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, 28 feet front, back to Short Street,60 feet wide In rear. . . uNo. 15 Lot on Pine Crest and Cypress, 55 feet front, triangle.No. 16 Is a vacant lot on Brent Street 63x126.3, narrow in the rear, andis in the rear of Alfred Buckler's residence.No. 17 3 vacant lots on the esta side of. North Clifton Avenue, eachfO by about 175 feet to Railroad. I l .a JiUkgBuilding lots in Paris, Ky., are in demand and you cannot make amistake to purchase one or more of the above lots and improve them.NOTE The Second Street lot, North Clifton and Brent Street lots willbe sold in front of Bourbon College xartment House, immediately afterthat sale. i .iJ?uAVALUABLE PR ZES FREEA list of which will be announced later. The public is most cordiallyinvited to attend. u -a, aJ ,i i -MliMMLIBERAL TERMS.For further information, call on Will S. Arnsparger, First NationalBank building, Fourth Street, Paris, Ky., who will take pleasure in showing any of this property. mooam .SUTO?' C. E. NORMAN; Agent,,. . i , Hi i 4 - ' "J'CfcJ 154 W. Short, Street,I'. 1 ' '' U s ' i Lexington, Ky.HARRIS &.SPBAKBS Auctioneeri. Tkphcnt, 174.A report current here Wednesday inmilitary circles and said to have emanated from Federal sources, was thatKentucky and other States will beurged to establish constabulary forcesfory police duties within their bordersas soon as all military units havebeen taken into the Ferieial ranks.If the National Guard fihould continue picket duty along railroads andat other scattered stations, therewould only be a small percentage .leftfor Government service, and trainingat the mobolization camps would beout of the question.It was reported that United Statesdeputy marshals would be sent to takethe place of the soldiers now guardingbridges, tunnels and other points alongthe lines of railways in Kentucky.i A cough that racks an weakens isdangerous, it undermines your healthand thrives on neglect Relieve it atonce with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy healsthe throat loosens the phlegm,, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and growns-ups alike find Dr.King's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a bottle handy in your medicine chest forgrippe, croup and all bronchial affections. At druggists, 50c.(may-adv)IBANK AND TRUST COMPANIESASSESSED AT 85 PER CENT.PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may beall wrong for another. Even' oneshould adopt a diet suitable to his agaland occupation. Those who havetweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly and'masticate their food thoroughly. It is'also important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect(may-adv)The State banks and trust companies were assessed Thursday by the .State Board of Valuation and Assessment at 85 per cent ot their capital'stock, surplus and undivided profits.t Last year the board assessed the banks !'and trust companies at 100 per cent'on capital stock and 85 iper cent on, the undivided profits and surplus.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. icing's New LifePills are a mild and gentle laxativethat regulates the bowels and relieves jthe congested intestines by removing;'the accumulated wastes without gripling. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverfeeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sNew Life Pills at your druggist 25c.(may-adv)MANY MILES OF TOBACCOCANVAS IN BOURBON.Along with the blushing and halting appearance of Spring has come theappearance of miles and miles ofwhite tobacco cotton which coversthe beds which will furnish the plantsfor what promises to be the largestproduction of tobacco that Kentuckyhas ever attempted. Among manyother beds in Bourbon comity is an unusually large one located in the middleof a field that will probably be setout in tobacco. The idea seems agood one, and will doubtless prove aabor-saving arrangement.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, it not impossible, however, wheni you are constantly troubled with constipation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and it will beeasy. These tablets not only movethe bowels, Jut improve the appetiteand strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)Uncle Sam is jogging right along toward war, and any day now we mayexpect to see him break into a gallop.Every time a man trades horses heexpects to get the best of it yet heknows the chances are about 100 to 1against him..Mr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. C. D0DS0NvOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, in1one day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insurancsover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Com-panies.Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Go.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, Uistrict Manager.THOMAS K. tfMXTH,Cashier.EFFICIENCYIN CL0TB1NQ FOR MEN!Copyrlflit 1917The Horns cl KuppeoheltaerWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes "ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $5.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. WollsUin, PropWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.r:::is:Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetTT.iWI Mll-T r.S'fcrfSatisfaction is Oart Watchwordrffmzy!: F' wiLii an tne laresffllz & -A Provemens in lajfPjr ff appliances andcrr&T-V J: ? helpers we are prev- Hl. JiWith all the latest im-iaundryexpertnrenarpdto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.mmLiwi'J41il, rt "Ctv t'.4j$k?w 'V&x&?V-JkVr-'.;-&LK "" V.'iar&PAl.H- r"-n is.r"--'j.!?JfcrfW-WT'x -PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY 1, HIT,rAOn Ready-to-Wear and MAt prices that should bring the biggest crowd that every attended a sale. We have just received a shipment from New York, purchased by Mrs. Simon, who saw hr chance C buyand give the public the advantage of her purchase. Included at extraordinary reductions are our entire stock of Ready-to-wear and Millinery. It is a time now when every dcHashould reach so far and here is your chance.I EmMHIURfiliineryh-SuitsSuits that formerly sold for $15.00, now $11 .OOSuits that formerly sold for $20.00, now. 1 4.75Suits that formerly sold for S22.50, now 1 7.50Suits that formerly sold for S27.50, now 1 9.75Suits that formerly sold for $30.00, now 22.50Suits that formerly sold for S35.00, now 24-.50Suits that formerly sold for S40.00, now 27.50Suits that formerly sold for $47.50, now. . 32.50One lot of Silk Suits to close out at 1 4.75Children's DressesSizes 2 to 6 Years65c Dresses now 50cSI. 00 Dresses now ' 79c$1.25 Dresses now 98cSizes 6 to 14 Years$1.00 Dresses now 79c$1.50 Dresses now $1.19S2.00 Dresses now 1 .59$2.50 Dresses now 1 ,98$3 00 Dresses now 2.4-8CoatsCoats that formerly sold fdr $12.50 now. . . . ; .$ 7.98Coats that formerly sold for $15.00 now 1 1 .OOCoats that formerly sold for $20.00 now 1 4.75Coats that formerly sold for $22.50 now 1 7.5 OCoats that formerly sold for $30.00 now 22.50Coats that formerly sold for $35.00 now 24.50MillineryHats that formerly sold for $5.00 and $6.00 now $3.95Hats that formerly sold for S7.50 now 4.95Hats that formerly sold for $10.00 now 7.98Hats that formerly sold for $15.00 now 9.98SkirtsSkirts that formerly sold for $7.50 now $4.98Skirts that formerly sold for $10.00 now 7.98Skirts that formerly sold for $12.50 now 9.98Skirts that formerly sold for $15.00 now 1 2.5 ODressesDressesDressesDressesDressesDressesDressesthat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlysold forso'd forsold forsold forsold forsold forsold for$12.50 now.$15.00 now$20.00 now$25.00 now.$30.00 now.$35.00 now.$40.00 now..$ 7.98. 1 1 .OO. 1 4.75. 1 7.75.. 22.50. 24.75. 27.50Children's Coats'at Half Price$4.00 Coats now - $2.00$5.00 Coats now 2.50$7.50 Coats now 3.75-Ladies' and Misses' House Dresses$1.50 House Dresses now. . .' $ 1 .25$1.25 House Dresses now 98Percale Bungalow Aprois 50ONE PRICE TO ALLMILLERSBURGtheir graduation recital in voice at MRS. LoOlS SALOSHINthe M. C. Monday evening, to a.large! TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.audience. The entertainment was :- gooa ana uie young muies were at ju uie county vourt, r nuay, uuuge' their best, proving by their work that C. A. McMillan appointed Mrs. Mary' jthey had been well tiained. They re- Saloshin as executrix of.the estate ofAttend the sale of the Bourbon sponded liberally to enclrores. The pro-j her husband, the late Mr. Louis Salo-Gollege lots this afternoon. gram was enjoyed by all present. They shin, of Paris, who died in the Jew.Air t r Aiim iTirt Mrs riara'will receive their diplomas on Com- ish Hospital, in Cincinnati, several'Shanks remain very much the same. ,msncement day. tiMiss Verna McKinney, of Mississ-I Ms Lillie Letton underwent an; i, ,r,,4- f Vio. nf Ttcl uuerauuu iui u.yueuuiuitia ul 01.Wippi, is tne guestMary L. Huffman.I Mrs. Stevenson, of Lexington, isthe guest of her brother, Mr. A. J.Butler and family. cMrs. Nannie Patton has Returnedto her home at Carlisle, after a visitto relatives here.Mr. Jaanes Hutsell, of ML Sterling,was the guest of his cunt, Mrs. M. B.Martin, Wednesday.Mrs. Adella Beeding moved Thursday to a part of the home of Mrs. M.E. Martin, in Miller flat. ,Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Powell leftdays ago. Under the terms of the wilir,no bond was required of Mrs. SaloslniiMessrs. Wallace W. Mitchell, L. Ober.Joseph's Hospital, at Lexington, Friday dorfer and Gus Margolen were namedby Dr. David Barrow, andnicely at this writing.Attend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.SPRING RACES OPENAT LEXINGTONis doing as appraisers of the estate.J . By terms of the will, which is dated'March 30 1917, and witnessed byBourbon ' Arched M. Cohen and Philip M. Cohen,of Cincinnati, and Gus Margolen, of IGeorgetown. Mr. Saloshin devises all 'j his property of whatsover kind, to his 'TKACK-I wiuow.The spring racing season was inaugurated in Lexington, Saturday, atthe Kentucky Association track atLexington, with a good card and a bigMonday for Carlsbad Springs, -where attendance. A light rain ten eanyMr. Powell will remain for two weeks. making the track a trifle slow. AMrs. P. E. Peterson returned Sun-'crowd taxing the capacity of the plantGOESCOSTQOfl!!THE HIGHOF LIVING!was on hand to witness the inauguralevents.iay after a few days visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Rice, at Hutchison.' Mr. Charles Carrington, of RaT'enna, Ky was the guest of Miss Kizzfo May McDaniell, Friday and Saturday.''Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, of Paris, ! Chalmers, Bringhurst, Vogue, Dimitriarrived Sunday as the guest of her.and others capable of making himMother. Mrs. Marv Fnstftr. and fnmiK- SHOW 111S DeSL.F J w-w.f . .m.RESOLUTIONS OF COUNCIL ONDEATH OF W. A. WALLEN.!V 2PARIS, KY., April 27, 1917. 'The following resolution was passed ,at a called meeting of the City Coun- 2cil: SThe Mayor having called the Boardof Council together on account of the'Dan Cohen Cuts the Shoe Cost IMr. W. M. VimonL of Maysville,fr&s the guest of his mother and sisterMrs. Martha Vimont, and Miss Florence Vimont from Saturday until Monday. Miss Leona Letton has accepted aposition as saleslady at the dry goodsstbre of Mr. C. W. Corrington, during the illness of Miss Florence ViodonL Attend the sale of the BourbonCallage lots this afternoon.,Mr. J. M. Alverson, of Georgetown,The element of chief interest was untimely and unexpected death of our ithe presence of the Kentucky Derby "fellow member, W. A. Wallen, which ieligibles. In the inaugural dash occurred this morning, Therefore be itWesty Hogan was pitted against Resloved, By the-Mayor and Boardoi uouncu, in special session assembled, that we deeply deplore the lamentable circuimstances that have so sud-Manager Wm. Shelley had every- ueniy canea w. a. wallen from ourthing in perfect shape for the big raldst.Seventeen pari-anutual ma- ae ll iurtner uesoivea, .That we ex-in ODeration under tne pe&a uum iu uie puuuu ana to inslias purchased a farm of Mr. R. M. ?10.50Johnson, which was recently purchas-isnowopening.chines weresupervision of Mr. John B. McLaughlin, of Lexington, who succeeded1 thelate "Hops" Landeman.The Paris and Bourbon county delegates were lupky in getting down onArthur B. Hancock's great racer, Embroidery, which captured The Phoenix Hotel Handicap in 1:44 4-5. Embioidery paid in the two-dollar mutualsto win; $5.00 place, and ?2.50family our appreciation of his faithfulness in the discharge of his duties asa member of this body and his un- ?swerving loyalty as a public servant. J 5We have always found hira willing.and ready to assume the responsibili- 5ties of his office and able to dischargethem to the public good. His death'deprives the city of a most efficient 'Jofficial and a citizen whose intergity 'and usefulness will be a severe loss to : 5An immense outlet, giving us a purchasing power unequaled by any other organization, makes this store theBIGGEST BARGAIN SHOE HOUSE. 'New bargains dailyreceived. If you want the. iatest novelties and exclusiveHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sSpring Footwear!Visit our store, compare quality, styles and prices, andyou will take advantage of the WONDERFUL SHOE VALUESat less than they can be bought wholesale.J U.. If Tt... C ll.. T1 1. IHughes estate. j. Mr. W. E. Colliver has purchased,the residence on the lot of Mr. W. D.Mclntyre, recently vacated by theMisses Mclntyre, and wilj move the, ume to Judyville.The Misses Mclntyre moved Thursday to the property of their niece, MissCarolyn Mclntyre, recently vacated bySir. J. F. McDaniell and family, fremitheir home sold to their brother, Mr."Wl D. Mclntyre.ASK FOR DEMONSTRATIONAsk for a demonstration of the Oakland Six, the sensible car. The priceand jperformances of this car most satsifactory. Ask the man who owns one.DICKERSON & DOUCrLrAS GARAGE,27-2t) Fourth and High, Paris, Ky.Mr. John Mahar has resigned hisposition as miller at the MillersburgRoller Mills. Mr. Mahar has occupiedthis position for several years, and hasgiven thorough satisfaction. His entira life since arriving at manhoodhas been spent at this work. He is anmxcMlexit miller, and a splendid judgef good flour, and we can gladly recnmend. him to any mill or corporatkHt desiring the services of such, aman.-JCkse Virginia Shanklin, 'AliceflcimM.amd Jennie Marrow Miller gaveThe winners in the seven races in inis commmuinty.their order, were: Westy Hogan; I B& ifc further Resolved, That we exKorbly; Diamond: Embroidery: Tick-itend to Mls. Wallen and his familyet; BlueLast.Paradise, and Wadsworth'sAttend the sale of theCollege lots this afternoon.BourbonB-4 EIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsour sincerest sympathy in this deepbereavement, and that these resolu-ltions be spread upon the minutes of Sthe City Council and a copy be sentto the family and also to the news-papers of the city. 5t J. T. HlNTONr Mavor. 1 5;J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk. !DISTILLERY BURNED.REMEMBER THE SALE.The attention of our readers is called to the display advertisement inanother column of the public sale ofT. H. Haynes' distillery at Middles- ""ubeuom aim Kiicuen lurnuure, etc.,boro was burned Saturday. The loss be Jt atr u,ie residence of Mrs.is forty thousand dollars, with insur-'?osa. Wallingford, on. next Saturday,ance of ?8,000. Origin unknown.I May 5.oiierea.There will be many bargainsLadies7 White Kiel or Rich Brown - QRuss. Tan Boots $twOLadies7 Gray and White Kid Ka- AOtinka Pumps 0KJLadies7 White Canv. Sea Island 0 . 0Boots and Pumps ISfLadies7 Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to your Afoot .j 0.4-SILadies7 Pat. Dull Kid co QO co AQBoots and Pumps at. . . Jc5J5J-3HK7Ladies7 Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes QQand Slippers at !!!Men's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium MToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0....$4.00Men's Russian Tan English MShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.50 UpMen's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, Button and -.and Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfordsat 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords 1.99Boys', Misses7 and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREand lightningFire, windinsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryanNEW FLIVVERS.The Redmon Motor CompanyGETS PROMOTION.Mr. Wayne Lafferty, son of Mr. andMrs. D. N. Lafferty, o Cyntliiana;who has beep a fireman on this division of the Douisville & Nashville forsome time, has been promoted to engineer. Mr. Lafferty will have head-sold quarters-in Paris, where he and Mrs.and delivered last week a Chevrolet Lafferty will go to housekeeDine.touring car to Mr. jonn Li. soper, oiPaw's anil nno frv Hflsa Callfa Flanfalw AUUW,Paris, and one to Missof near this city.Attend the sale of the BourbonCollege lota this afternoon.DAN COHENuParis' Greatest Shoe StoresWhere Beauty and Economy Reign&9kwjjtxi. -rrirrr-rVvrcvr.13irY'