THEBOURBONvNEWS,WfM'feAkPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.trW -VOLUME XXXVIBPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1917BOURBON'S SEVEN SOLDIERS ONWAITING ORDERS.Grouped around the entrance tothe Sheriff's office in the court houseyesterday afternoon, seven young menhad been selected at Bourbon county's first contribution at Camp Taylor, awaiting the time for their departure. The young men -were Samuel J."Wiggins, Frank Nelson Higgins,Robert Mitchell Delaney, Wm. C. Perrin, Merritt Jameson Slicer, RobertLapsley Link, Jr., all of Paris, andAllie Clay Detwiller, of North Middletown. They were provided with lighthand baggage, some with suitcases,containing only such articles, aswould be necessary for the "use for ashort while, until they reachedCamp Tajdor, where Uncle Sam'smen will take care of them. The menwere permitted to go to their homesfor the night, and will report thismorning, when they will entrain forthe camp at Louisville.On account of a Government regulation the time of departure and arrival of the troop train cannot begiven. The men will go to Louisvilleon a troop train which will carry thefirst five per cent, of the draftedmen from this section. The train willbe provided with accommodations forthe men, who will be given boxlunches and all comforts and attention en route to the camp.In recognition of the fact that Mr.Clay Detwiller was the first Bourboncounty man examined for service whorefused to claim exemption on anygrounds whatever, he was designatedby the local Exemption Board asCaptain and placed m charge of thedrafted men, who will be under hiscommand until they reach CampTaylor.Patriotic citizen of Paris yesterdaycontributed a fund amounting to $10for the purchase of cigarettes and tobacco for the Bourbon boys. Theyoung men are very thankful for thisevidence of appreciation on the partof Paris people and desire to extendtheir personal thanks for the contribution, which will go a long way toward providing the "smokes" forlonely hours in camp.The law requires that the drafteeswear a tag designating the countyfrom which they come to the camp,THE BOURBON NEWS force presented Bourbon's seven men with handsome white satin badges bearing thewords "Bourbon County," which theywill wear instead of the ordinary tag.P ?S ISsBOYS ROBBING GARDENS.Numerous complaints of gardensbeing robbed of all their vegetables,grapevines and fruit strees strippedof their fruits, all indicating theoperttions of juveniles, have been reported to the Paris police.The operations of the vegetarianyoungsters all bore the impress ofsimilarity, and with this as a cluethe police went to work. They 'soonrounded up a gang of young depredators, upon whom suspicion hadfallen, and after a course of "sprouts"developed evidence connecting themwith the work.On account of their youth no prosecutions have been instituted, but theyoungsters were given a 'forcible reminder that the eyes of the guardiansof the law were upon them, and thata' repetition of the offenses of whichthey stood partly convicted, wouldbring trouble in its wake.One of the youths who was mixedup inthe affair caJied at a localrestarurant a short time ago andasked for a drink of water. Whilesecuring the water the clerk turnedhis head in time to see the boy stealing a quantity of fruit, which hecompelled him to restore to its former place, and ejected him from thestore.Ta 3 25SCHOOLS OPEN WITH LARGE ATTENDANCE. The Paris Public Schools, the PavnnT,ioi cnv.nni5 the Paris HomeScliool, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland'sprivatB schools and otner educationalinstitutions opened Monday with anincreased attendance.The Pari Public School is crowded,especially in the lower grades. Sixhundred and sixty-eight pupils wereenrolled Monday with many additions Tuesday. -Mr C L. Bower, of Newport, whowas recently elected teacher of history and civics, in the Paris HighSchool, telephoned his resignationMonday night from Lexington, wherehe went after the day's work. Noreason for the resignation was assigned. His successor will be decidedupon at a future meeting of the CityBoard 6'f Education.STILL HAS GOOD EYE.Squire John N. Shropshire, one ofthe most popular members of theBoirs-n Fiscal Court, made a goodrecord as a trap shot at a shootmv a.t Corbin. by the Corbin Gun, .,' --l. -u nrn IRfi-OUt Of a POS-uiu, wueu uc uw. - . nsible 200 targets, snoouns - --ver trophy cup. The wine, wWm. Warren,Kof a' "Si fS, ? - -BIG tuS2to 2??t???RB0NCOMPANY'S HOLDINGS.A big oil strike in territory adja-cent to valuable leases owned andbeing operated by the Bourbon Oiland Development Co., of Paris, wasmade Tuesday. This strike promisesto materially increase the value ofthe local company's leases, they be-ing located in the same territory,l ne tamous Ashley lease in Powellcounty has yielded another well,which, according to reports, surpass-,ed anything that has ever been struckin the Kentucky fields. The well wasbought in by White & Huff and issaid to be good for 800 barrels, ac-cording to conservative estimates,wniie otner estimates bring the pro-duction of the new wellup to 1,000!barrels.The managers of the local companyare greatly pleased with the encouraging news as stated above, whichadds renewed interest to doings inoil in this section, and holds, out hopefor a similar strike on their property.te lot mRED CROSS KNITTERS NOW ASSURED OP YARN.The workers who desire to do knitting for the American soldiers in thetrenches are now assured of a plentiful supply of yarn, so necessary forthe successful prosecution of thework. Supplies can be obtained byjcalling on Miss Stella Owens, at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets.This material will be freely suppliedto the Red Cross Knitting Club, orany other volunteer workers.The work has oeen progressingvery slowly for some time. The needfor the knitting is so urgent and thedesire of the local branch to supplythe demand is so great that it wishesto make a very earnest plea to theladies of Paris to give all the timethey possibly can spare from theirliousehold duties to this great work.The impression that the workers mustbe exepert sewers and knitters is entirely erroneous. They can very easily acquire the art of knitting undercapable instructors. There is something for all to do, but the sewingand knitting is the greater part of thework.The serious thing about the part inthis war that is to be played by thosewho stay at home is that it can't bedone to-morrow, as that will be toolate. Now, every day is the acceptedtime. The army will not wait on theRed Cross. When the orders come togo into battle troops will follow theirflag whether there are bandagesenough to heal their wounds or not.fa isBOYS' NORFOLK SUITS.Nobby new patterns of wear-resistingmaterials, all wool at ?7.50 to$12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pa 3i 1MISS LOUIE BRUER ENTERTAINSIN HONOR OF MOTHER.Miss Louie -Bruer, lately of Paris,where she was several times localTruant Officer, and prominently iden- Jtilled with religious and social movements, entertained at the home ofPresident and Mrs. J. L. Clark, inWinchester, Tuesday, in honor of her jmother, who on that 'day, reached the ;eighty-fourth milestone on the journey of life.A color scheme of yellow andwhite was tastefully carried out, anda splendid birthday cake was provided, adorned with eighty-four smallwax tapers. A dainty and temptingmenu was served. The invited guestsfrr fhP affair were Mrs. EmmaGraves, Mrs. Nannie Dudley, Mrs. J.E. Wood. President J. L. Clark, Mrs.Clark and family, all of Winchester,and Misses Rebecca and Time Jaynes,of Paris.Miss Bruer will be in charge of thegirls' dormitory of the KentuckyWesleyan College, at Winchester, ofwhich Rev. J'. L. Clark, formerly pas -tor of the Paris Methodist church, ispresident, for the coming session,which opened Wednesday, rendingthe completion of the new dormi- Jtory structure, Miss Bruer will be in jcharge of the girls at the home of, JPresident and Mrs. Clark. t)"ES 3 IS 15BOURBON FISCAL COURT.-The Bourbon Fiscal Court met yes-'terday morning, for the regularmonthly meeting, but no business wastransacted, owing tu the absence ofCounty Judge McMillan, who is witha camping party at Blue LickSprings. The Court will be. called tomeet again upon Judge McMillan'sreturn.Among many important mattersto be considered by the Court will bethP awards to beneficiaries of theGarth Fund, bpth old and new.CYNTHIANA PLAYER SOLDTQCHICAGO WiiiTJii wa,Harvey McClellan, son of Hugh McClellan, of Cynthiana, Professionalbaseball player, has been sold by theiTTchison. Kan.,team to tne wmte.; .. ' for SBk00.McClellan-, -- - - the.Lexingtonrm 1914 to 1916, when he, ?h-Mo-and ,aterPLANS F():R THE AB3tf. d- of C-CONVENTION.The call for the annual State Con-vention of the Kentucky DivisionDaughters of the Confederacy, hasbeen issued, and the date for themeeting has bsen set for Wednesdayand Thursday, September 19 and 20,in Danville. The sessions will beheld in the Presbyterian church inthat city.The Danville Chapter D. of C. ismaking elaborate reparations forentertainment of the guests, severalhundred of whom are expected to at-.tend. On the first meeting of theconvention members of the DanvilleChapter will be given a reception innonor or tne visiting delegations, anaon Thursday they will give a lunchtor them. On Thursday afternoon the officer has not yet been appointed byWoman's Club of Danville will ar- Washington for that work, and enlange an automobile trip to places of listment can only be made throughJnterest in and around Danville. the hands of such an officer. Dr.The last nignt of the convention Barrow has forwarded to the office ofwill be known as "Historical Night," the surgeon general, however, theand a program of more than usua name of a member of his staff withattractiveness will be presented. The a recommendation that he be apfeature of the evening will be read- pointed, and expects a ratilcation ofings by Mrs. M. V. Moore, of Talla-.his selection within the next day ordega, Ala., better known in the South two.as "Betsy Hamilton," a writer of, As soon as this appointment hasSouthern dialect stories and a reader been made by Washington noticesof nation-wide reputation. A musical j will be mailed immediately to thoseprogram will be given by Mr. Forest who have applied in the hospitalDabney Carr, Miss Emma Smith and corps, requesting them to report toMiss Cosby. .j him for examination and, if the re-The following ladies will represent sur?r nf the fiy ami Tint inn he sntisfnr.-Richard Hawes Chapter, of Paris,as delegates: Mrs. Russell Mann,,Mrs. Ada Rice, Mrs. King Griffithalternates, Mrs. R. J. Neely, Mrs.)Thos. A. McDonald, Miss CarrollLeer.S E3 3DOG BITES MAN'S HAND.While talking to a tenant on afarm near Paris, Monday afternoon,Mr. Jos. D. Booth, a prominent farmer and commission merchant of nearParis, was attacked by a vicious bulldog, and for a while had a hard fightto keep the brute 1j om tearing his !throat.The domade several lunges at,Mr. Booth's throat, his fangs barely membership of fifteen, and interest ismissing him, but by putting up a increasing at each meeting. Thehard fight by kicking and beating class has changed its place for drillthe animal, Mr. Booth managed to ing from the vacant lot in the rearevade him. In the effort to ward the of the Christian church to the residog's attack from his throat Mr. dence of Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,Booth's right hand was torn and Sr., on Pleasant street. ' "lacerated by the dog's teeth. The Instructions in the preparationanimal was finally subdued by thejmd use of surgical dressings are betenant's assistance Mr. Booth washing given in the Red Cross headquartaken to a physician's office, wher"ters on Main street, between Fourththe wounds on his hand were cauter-, and Fifth streets, to a large class byized. and the hand dressed. It is not Mrs. May Stoner Clay. The classthought any serious trduble will re- meets every morning at the place dessult from the wounds. j ignated above.rWE KNOW H0W JSchool:;,I JIn'?'..''!"' i u. MlU It IIAll. Wool Suits From$6.00 to $12.00Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. Stylishcut coats that will give that boy the manly appearancethat every mother wants her boy to have.-, -Mitchell & BlakemoreStttson Hats Manhattan Shirts 3Nett!etoh ShoesM FOR HOSPITAL CORPS WILLBE EXEMPTED.Although drafted men who havealready been examined and acceptedfor servica in the National Army arenot eligible for service with BaseHospital Unit No. 49. now being or-ganized by Dr. David Barrow for ser-vice in France, those who will becalled in the future, and who haveenlisted in the hospital corps of theBase Hospital Unit before receivingtheir calls will be exempted fromdraft on the certification of their en-listment with the hospital service,This status of drafted men wasstated plainly in an order receivedby Dr. Barrow.. No actual enlistments have been.made in the local unit yet, since antory, actual enlistment.Several of these applicants are;jfrom Paris and Bourbon county.?a aFREE INFORMATION.We have a lot of information foryou in regard to oil investments.j See us before buying oil stock.BOURBON OIL & DEVELOPMENTCOMPANY,411 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Q 3 SaCLASS IN MILITARY TRAINING.The class in military training.which is being conducted here byMiss Alice Rogers Ciay, now has aSuitsForBoysThe time is here when youmust get your boy ready tobegin school, and whether heis the little tot just startingou or the grown 'up boy,there is not a mother or father that xioes notwant their boy to loo neatand appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives his clothes will notshow as soon as other boyssuits which are not made'sowell. We are showing suitswith (3) pairs of trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, reinforcedseams sewed strong aid substantial.MANUFACTURE 0? WHISKEY TOCEASE T0-M0RK0W.As the result of the operation ofone of the salient provisions of theFood Control Bill, recently enacted byuongress, tne Knell of whiskey production in the United States will besounded to-morrow at 1 o'clock,when the various distilleries of thecountry will be shut down, and oneof the oldest and most extensive industries in America will cease to exist for the period of the war.The effect of this war measurewill perhapsbe more keenly felt inKentucky, wliich has long been famous the world over as a whisky producing State, than in any other inthe Union, unless it be Illinois, forsome of the largest distilling plantsin the country are located in Kentucky. In the past few years several distilleries have been forced to suspendoperations because of the growth "ofthe prohibition movement, but atpresent there are 180 bonded distilleries in the State, twenty beinglocated in the Seventh' district, inwhich Paris is situated.ea la iA FREAK 0E NATURE.Nature was surely in a freakishmood when she started a stalk ofcorn to growing in the rear yard ofthe residence of Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Davis, on Seventh street, asthe finished product shows.When the stalk began to push itsway to maturity it gave no indicationof its purpose to produce one of thestrangest freaks of nature. As itgiew to development, however, thereappeared an ear of corn which, likeJack's beanstalk, "grew and grew."When Mr. Davis' attention was closely directed to the growth, he discovered that he had a treasure beyondprice. The lone ear of corn, surrounded by the customary greenshuck, had developed eight nubbins,of irregular growth end size, rangedin a circle around the parent stem.From three of these grew fully-developedstalks of wheat, bearded andfull-grained, as those in the fields.But the strangest freak of all was aminature nubbin which grew fromthe end of cme of the ctalks of wheat.The whole freak was apparently ofone piece the solid structure of thecorn stalk bearing evidence of nature's carefulness.Mr. Davis has the freak growth on.exhibition on his desk at the establishment of George W. Davis, whereit may be seen. He contemplatespresenting it to the Smithsonian Institute at Wtishingtcn.' S3 Ea mVALUABLE DOG KILLED."Sue," a valuable and inetlligentdog belonging to Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Thomas, Jr., was instantly killedone day this week by being caughtin the propeller of a launch on Stonercreek.The dog was ver fond of .swimming "and when she saw the launch,in which was one of Mr. Thomas'friends, going up the creek, swamfoutto it. Approaching too close to theboat the dog was caught in the suction and drawn into the propeller,being disemboweled by the sharpblades."Sue" had been taught a number oftrickS, one of which was to hold thelines and drive a pony belonging toMrs. Thomas, which she did almostlike a human. She was an intimatefriend of the members of the Chippewa Club when that organizationcamped on the banks of Stoner, andwas highly regarded by them as amost intelligent animal.mmiaORDER SENDING NEGROES TO' EVERY CAMP-STANDS.How color lines have been ignored,in the assignment of negro troops inthe draft section of the NationalArmy is revealed in general ordersissued, showing the War Department's intention to apportion thenegro troops evenly where possiblein all cantonments. The order provides that in every cantonment thereshall be one negro infantry regiment'where sufficient personnel is available. Protests have been made againstquartering negro troops in certainparts of the South, but no modification has been made. The order istaken as an indication of what theWar Department will do in disposingof similar regiments in NationalGuard camps.m ftBUY BEFORE THEADVANCE.Buy Bourbon" Oil and DevelopmentCo. stock before another advance inprice.TO ATTEND CONVENTION.Messrs. Ira Bowen and James Ishmael, representing Bourbon' CouncilJunior Order of United AmericanMechanics, attended the twentythird annual State Council of theorder, held at Pineville this week.Reports show that the order is rapidly increasing its membership allover the State.METHODIST CONFERENCEITSESSION AT LEXINGTOH."The ninety-seventh annual conference v of the Methodist .EdIscomIj Church, South, convened in the FirstMethodist church in Lexington, Wednesday morning for a. four-days' session. Little except routine business wastransacted at the opening seeeioa,which was presided over by BishopJames Atkinson, of Waynesville, N.C. A number of committee appointments were made. The evening session was devoted to Sunday schoolwdrk within the church. Dr. C. H.Greer, presiding elder of the-DanvilltDistrict, and Dr. C. H. Bulla, general superintendent of Wesley BibtoClasses for the States, made talks omthis phase of the work. The annualreport of the Educational Commitof the church, regarding the educational work now being carried on inthe universities, was read by Secretary W. E. Arnold. Dr. O. E. Goddard, of Galveston, Texas, addressedthe conference on the subject of "TheMother Church.".Yesterday's session of the conference consisted for the most part ofroutine work, with an interesting address in the afternoon, by Dr. Goddard. Discussion of the work of th"Epworth League, the young people'sbranch of the church work, occupiedthe most of the night session. Thisdiscussion was participted in by Mr.Dennis Vr Snapp, of Paris, presidentof the Frankfort District of the Epworth League.Among the delegates who are atending the conference are the following "from this city and county: Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, C. H. Caswell, Rev.W. O. Sadler, of Paris; Rev. J. J.Dickey, of Hutchison; President C. C.Fisher, of the Millersburg FemaleCollege; Rev. J. D. Redd, Millersburg.-s SB0URB0N TEACHERS' INSTITUTEThe first day's session of the Bour7bon County Teachers' Associationopened Monday at the court housewith Prof. R. H. Ellett, presiding, assisted by Miss Dalton, of Lexington,as director. Mr. Clarence Harneywas elected secretary.The morning session was openedwith, devotional exercises, and a veryinstructive program was rendered.The second day's program was alsovery interesting, a -number of subjects, including history, discipline,playgrounds and story-telling, beingdiscussed. Vocal and instrumental selections added much to the pleasureof the program. During- the morningsession a recess was taken, when theteachers paid a visit to the ColoredTeachers' Institute, which is beingconducted by Prof. Cook, of the LittleRock school. The third day of themeeting included discussions of thesubjects of illiteracy, teaching ofgrammar, domestic science, patriotism, drilling, etc.At the opening session forty-twoteachers of the county -schoolswere enrolled. The only teachers absent were Misses LouiseBenthall and Margaret Lenihan, whowere detained at home by illness ofmembers of their families. Amongthe out-of-town visitors who havebeen attending the sessions of the Institute were Prof. F. C. Button, of.Frankfort, and Prof. J. C. Daniels, ofRichmond, Va.The Institute will continue its sessions throughout to-day, with twosessions daily, beginning at nine inthe morning, and two in the afternoon. Yesterday an interesting programwas presented for discussion, the subjects under consideration being thoseof vivid interest in school life, suchas appliy to the conduct of countyschools. A musical program wasalso rendered. The sessions of theInstitute will continue through today. WONDER WHAT THE GOVT SAIDATFRANKE0RT?As a rest from the burdens andcares of their official duties, Gov. AO. Stanley and Eexecutive Game andFish Agent J. Quiney Ward came toParis, Wednesday, and went into thehemp-fields with their heavy artilleryin pursuit of the gentle and elusivedoves. They were guests at the homeof Mr. D. Hume, where, according toreports, they had a good time. Wdon't know what kind of a report tiGovernor made to the papers in. liki"home town," but it was reliably reported here that some of our sportsmen, sympathizing with him, presented him with twelve doves. JUlowing that the Governor killejlthree, was able to get inside the legallimit by the kindness of the "boys"here. m m vtDISSOLVED PARTNERSHIP. .Messrs. Henry Clark and, JesseCumber, who have been conduct!;the barber shop in the Shinxers.building, adjoining Longo's fruitstand, have dissolved partmrafciBAand retired from business., Obs othe firm has gone to Dayton, Ofetivwhere he will engage in busimess.K(-. i viLll UUivu.v.GltZVV.. iV5 Jfct.---.-p-t jjV,5"" f F4,AV -f5."" 3iZn ".-n"IV--Jjfcr--a5'",faSBSBm-,ukftkfc: 1a?H. i4-Ia-The Bourbon News-TthHthU 1tt1 K Yrt, Hmum Publication.Cm-Mhd Every Tuesday and Friday,ic Yarl.. $2.00 Six Months... $J..OOPayable In Advance.WIFT Cr!AMP.Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thefcaracter, sUading or reputation ofMLPsrsoii, j&rm or corporation whichuiy appear in the columns of THEURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention o tneeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per.Inch for first time; 60 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in black.type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements, and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reservedto decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably .be accompanied bythe. cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor Representative C. M. Thomas,-of Bourbon County.For Sheriff Will G-. McClintock.For County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Ciine.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Masstrate L-. J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thom-aison, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Mid-- dletown Precinct; S. B. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson,. Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.TlThe Laborers For the Harvest."Every year in July there goes upthe annual cry for the laborers whoshall harvest the crops. In thegrain country the railroad trainsfilled with harvest hands on theirway to work are a sight. All typesof humanity can be found there.There are bright faced, eager college -boys anxious to help pay theirtuition, blear eyed drunkards outof the city for long enough to ac-uire the funds for the next spree.here are tramps of the type knowson the road as "gay cats.". Theytake seasonal jobs fora few weeks togain a few dollars, intending to spendthe rest of the year in vagrancy. Itis a motley crew. The farmer hasto take anything he can get, andfew questions can be asked.In good times it may seem at thestart almost impossible to get theextra help. Yet somehow or otherit is-secured, and" the crops are suecessfully garnered. The number ofworkers that can be drawn into theagricultural districts, for a shorttime job is a revelation of the numberofrseasonal -workers. It shows that& great many families must be depending on men whose means oflivelihood is very intermittent andprecarious. .- According to social students, manyof these seasonal workers, who areclepended on as harvest hands insummer, are men of low mentality,"who. could not hold regular jobs.No doubt many of them are the victims of parental vice, crime or ignorance. They never acquire enducation enough to make themelves ofanything more than emergencyvalue.'Socialists will say -that this indi..cates that there is a great quantityof surplus labor, which owing to theJabuses of capitalism can find no regular employment. But in most cases, there is probably a lack of fitness forregular tasks. Usually the man whois capable of regular work gets it,- "lueject, of course, to the vicissitudes" . of occasional business depression.- Biutit is an indication of social diss ease .when so large a supply of unemployed laborers can be so readily 1eeeurea'."ft- :Rt -It- ie hopeless to try to work the"7el brick game on the farmers now,Xmt the city people still think that- vpcetables like the seed catalog cutss c Ae.made to grow in their back- -: JhmAl As Gardeners and Farmers.- :JSemTBtion has just been held at. jo the Women's- National58p5Agricultural aad 'Horticultural Association. The ghowing ,or suemade at this meeting may intersome women who are disheartened lotlow salaries and preference givenmen for identical work. Going intobusiness for themselves is always therecourse open to people whb are notpaid the actual value of theirproduct. "Women's cabbages andbeans will never be discriminatedagainst on account of the sex of theproducerThe seed catalogs make the raisingsof fancy corn and beans seem a veryeasy task. According to the magazine articles with the pretty halftone cuts, it is all poetic work. Inactual life it is of course laboriousand dirty, Jthough it is clean dirt.Few people are brainy enough tomake a living from the soif by standing around and telling others whatto do. At least not without long expedience. At the start they must bepace-makers for stupid and indolentmen, which means using the spadeand hoe for themselves.- It is a general rule that physicalcapacity comes with the use of .themuscles. A woman at work in thefields, according to old ideas, hasseemed to be performing a coars andhard task belonging rather to men.Yet woman can "dance as long asmen, and hosts of them play theirfive sets of tennis and eighteen holesof golf.Market gardening seems usuallymore practical for women1 than farming, as less capital is required for astart. They can begin with somespecialty on an acre, which will doto try out their first experimentsand failures. The first year theyshould more than pay expenses, whichis rarely the case in a new occupation. The education may cost them nothing. A short course in some agricultural college would be the best.But if that can't be had, the government and State experiment stationsand schools and bulletins, offer noend of expert advice free. It is a fieldin which there is an unlimited demand for the product at high prices.It is surprising with what relishthe June bridegroom turns from hismother's swell cooking, to the position of the dog on whom the bride'skitchen experiments are being 'tried.Ea ?sa tsa"CARRY YOUR BUNDLES HOME.""Carry all small bundles home," isthe new motto of the Woman's Council of the" Board ofJSJational Defense.Members of the Council hope in thisway to. save the merchant the cost ofdelivery and thus reduce the priceson merchandise to the general public.Shoppers who carry, small bundleshome are entitled to ask the merchant for the discount saved him inthis way.Paris women have already shown)their willingness and readiness to dotheir bit toward winning the war bycarrying their knitting bags withthem whereever they go. But thecarrying of the shopping bag and th?market basket will result in saving tothe customer and incidentally to thegovernment, and thus will be a greathelp toward strengthening the secondline of defense. What is now spentunnecessarily for delivery can be saved for the Red Cross and the LibertyBond issue.Let the knitting bag, the marketbasket, and the shopping bag form a"triple alliance" whenever thehousekeeper leaves her home, and thelength of the war will be shortenedin direct proportion to the eagernessof the women to make small sacrifices for the Government of the United States.im 1 1WANTS TO BE INTERPRETER.The Washington, D. C, correspondence of the Courier-Journal hasthe following regarding Mr. FelixRenick, of "Winchester, a nephew ofMr. B. M. Renick and Mrs. DuncanBell, of Paris:"Felix Renick, of Winchester, arrived in Washington, Saturday. Heis not quite twenty-one yet, but "isanxious to go to Fiance to do hisbit. He is an A. B. graduate ofCentre College and an M. A. fromPrinceton University and desires toget into the 'Intelligence Departmentof the war game, a place for whichhe fs admirably fitted, as he speaksFrench fluently.""PS m TSHOPE BASED ON FIRM FOUNDATION. Before the absolute knowledge thatconsumption can be prevented, arrested and cured it was the subjectof universal remark that it was remarkable how hopeful the victims ofthe disease could be in the fact ofcertain death from an incurable malady. The hope of getting well, whichsprang eternal in their breast, has atlast been given foundation by thestudy and experience, with the disease by doctors who have devotedtheir lives to it and the infected cannow look forward to almost certainrelief if they observe the simple ruleslaid down by them. They are deepbreathing of fresh air, rest, nourishing-food,proper clothing, cheerfulness, clean habits and clean surroundings and a good doctor.The best results can be obtainedin sanatoria, but whenthey are notavailable, " the State " TuberculosisCommission has had preparedpamphlets giving the proper methodof home treatment, which Dr. W L.Heizer, Secretary, Frankfort, will beglad to mail free to any one interested.- .. -ir .- ,-w - k ' c r - ? --, ." z ? 'irjoH'S WELC01OC TO NATIOK-Soldiers of theationaivAy were,welcomed into the Nation's serviceWednesday by President Wilson witha message of affectionate confidenceand a prayer to God to keep andguide them. Everything these youngmen do, the President told them, wilJbe watched with the deepest solicitude by the whole country, and theeyes of the world will be upon them,becadse they are "in some specialsense the soldiers of freedom."The first soldiers for the army raised "under the .draft law started fromtheir homes for the training cantonments Wednesday. The Presidentasks them as brothers and comradesin the great war to keep straight andfit by a standard so high that livingup to it will add a new laurel to thecrown of America. The message follows: "The White House, Washington.To the Soldiers of the National Army:You are undertaking a great duty.The heart of the whole country iswith you. Everything that you dowill be watched with the deepest interest and with deepest solicitude,not only by those who are near anddear to you, but by the whole nationbesides. For this great war draws usall together, makes us all comradesand brothers, as all true Americansfelt themselves to be when we firstmade good our national independence. The eyes of all the world willbe upon you, because you are in somespecial sense the soldiers of freedom."Let it be your pride, therefore, toshow all men everywhere not onlywhat good soldiers you are, but alsowhat good men you are, keepingyourselves fit and straight in everything and pure and clean throughand through. Let us set for ourselvesa standard .so high that it will be aglory to live up to it. and then let uslive up to it and add a new laurel tothe crown of America. My affectionate confidence goes with you in everybattle and every test. God keep andguide you."WOODROW WILSON."T5i a P3A LOWER COST OF HEATING.J jr.Y'r ' ,earGood plac or.a; .odmaa, Rtf-,erence as to 'character atfd-atimty required. Call at BOURBON NEWSoffice. (31-3t)t!ZFor SaleOne five-year-old horse. Gentleand sound. Inquire ofJOHN CHRISTMAN, ' -(4-2t)' Paris Greenhouses., Stoves Wanted.Will buy your second hand stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. CallHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J. ELVOVE.(Thomas F. Logan in Leslie's.)An effort has been made by the Bureau of Mines of the Department ofthe Interior to solve one of the highcost of living problems. Experts ofthe bureau made tests in a ten-roomhouse in New Haven, Conn., whichwas comfortably heated at a cost of$40 for the fall and winter, a savingover the other houses of the same sizein the same locality of from $50 to$100. The experts pcint out that thevalue a householder gets from thefuel he burns depend.-, largely on thecharacter of the heating apparatus,the conditions under which it is installed, and the manner in which thefire is handled. They further pointout that many furnaces and boilersare operated in a haphazard way.Drafts are opened or coal is put onwhen the house becomes cool, thenthe fire is allowed to burn rapidly until either the rooms are too warm orthe fuel bed is burned down too farto kindle properly a new charge ofcoal. Such firing, f it is stated, always is wasteful. The heater shouldreceive regular attention, and if thedemands for heat are intelligentlyanticipated, as they ordinarily .canbe, the house can be warmed withminimum trouble and fuel. Any oneinterested in the report may obtain acopy of it by sending to the "UnitedSlates Bureau of Mines, Departmentof the Interior, Washington, D. C."fe fe teSWALLOWED THE DICTIONARY.(Georgetown News.)The author of this touching epistlewhile experimenting with the Englishlanguage had the misfortune io swallow the dictionary, and in a fit ofdesperation ridded himself of thesemany big words in an effort to secure a position in the local highschool. After recovering from thegaseous effect of the first readingProf. Waller calmly, but firmly, refused the author's sei vices and looked elsewhere for his teacher Sherman defined war, but who can definethis:"Mr. J. C. Waller, Georgetown, Ky.:Dear Mr. Waller Begging your pardon for the procrastination of thisletter, allow me to express my fervent willingness to secure, if possible, the situation as a supervisor ofPalmer penmanship and music inyour schools."My preliminary culture has beennurtured and supplemented by assiduous efforts on my part to becomean adept in those branches which myinherent propensity behooves me toteach.'"I taught penmanship and musicconjointly; the faculty" were muchpleased with my work, as I endeavored to.do my best, integrity and sincerity being my weapons. My experience, allow me to say, has beenaugmented by esoteric teaching,which gave me spelendid opportunityto temper my previous instruction.The. subjects enumerated in the recommendation blank appealed to mefrom the standpoint of having taughtthem before, and I earnestly hope toreceive word of your approbation."m 11Maudie, the beautiful high schoolgirl, finds he greatest sorrow in thefact that she has such coarse parents. 1 1 1It is easier to make enemies thanfriends, but it is easier to. get Tid offriends than it is to get rid of enemies.Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-old baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead". Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS',Route 3, Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on. the LouIsvllle & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It in a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thepurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JEESE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Main Street.PublicSale!-OF-Valuable Bourbon CountyFarm, Containing 147.27Acres.The undersigned will, onSaturday, Sept. 15, 1917,at 11 o'clock a. m., at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Kentucky, offerfor sale a very desirable tract of landsituated about 4 miles from theCity of Paris, on the Ruddles Millspike, containing 146.27 acres.This land is in a good state of cultivation, and has upon it a tenanthouse and plenty of stock water.Said tract of land is the dower ofthe undersigned Emma S. Fisher inthe lands of the late W. H. Fisher,and the remainder interest in saidland owned by the Banking Commissioner in charge of George Alexander& Company, State Bank,in liquidation, for the benefit of the creditors ofsaid bank.- Both interests will besold, and the purchaser will be givena fee simple title to said land..Possession will be given the 1st ofMarch, 1918, but the purchaser willbe given seeding privilege during thefall of 1917.TERMS One-third cash; balancein equal installments of one and twoyears, with interest at the rate of6; and to secure same a lien will beretained upon the land sold." For further information call uponthe undersigned, or Jno. J. Williams.EMMA S.. FISHER,GEO. G. SPEER,Banking Commissioner of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.By Buckner Woodford, Special Deputy Banking Commissioner.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Aug.,31-Sept. 7-14.)Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to .Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price $2 a Year.EVANSTON. ILLINOIS.K.-Lg-.Tg'T'k'ttiiANNUALKENTUCKY STATE FAIRLouisville, September 10-15, 1917Supreme in Horse Show HistoryChampionshipof AmericaFire-GaiteJSaddle Horin--$10,000,00----$50,000.00--Ten Big Act- HIPPODROME" Bnd ofBremiumaPremiumGREATEST AGG1EGATION OF INDOOR ATTRACTIONS EVER.BEAUTIFUL BABY-SHOW PARADEMIDWAY OF MIRTH. MUSIC AND MOVING MASSESOFFRRXDRedaeed Railroad Rates.Catalogs e sow ready.Address FOUNT T. KREMER, Secretary,04 ReBsblic Balldiiir. Lsaisyillt.uThrift Is Now aNational SloganThe American people arewaking up. They resent thecharge that they are wasteful.Bank deposits all over thecountry are increasing by leapsand bounds.Are you a depositor ?If you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay aside a certainamount of cash. We'll be gladto explain our banking system.oaf1& Traders' Banky. P. KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Sixth and Main StreetsParis, Kentucky."Co-operators!"There are three parties to each ofyour telephone connections: you, the:operator, and the party you call.AH three must co-operate to insurethe highest quality of service.YOU co-operate for good servicewhen you look in the book first andmake sure you call the right number.THE OPERATOR co-operates bygiving you the desired connection quickly, accurately and courteously.THE PARTY GALLED co-operatesby answering his telephone bellpromptly.ALL CO-OPERATE for geodservice by speaking clearly and distinctly, and by practicing telephone courtesyunder all conditions.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedj BOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.rI-V"iLlt-.LOST.On th$ streets of Paris between theresidence of Miss Anna Lyle, on Second street, and Misses Holladay'sstore, on Main street, a ladies' blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded byreturning: same to Misses Holladay'sor at this1 office.. - y(28-tf ),V " " ' - " . .Found.In East Paris'yesterday a packingcase containing, six dozen No. 1lamp chimneys. Owner can have sameby proving property and payiagcharges. JBox is now at 290 Maini .n.f .-TTrr. w-v--TvTJr7areJra3 M "Jk-mvnfiifnmmitthitFmtiJltmvi.istmlvt i, iiraTft l i d m'HiN'iiriHiJ n miw n i i iii ii m i in. - jt- .,- -MMIMliflMHMMBWMiraiiMiiyiM . - Trvs .-- -' - -i J?. "Ti- -- -s 4- J - . . ??- ------6"S- ,? -'FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7 1117-HD 10 10 flCv m eWOMAN'S LIFEChange Safely Passed byTaking Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Wagoner, Okla, "1 never get tiredof praising Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-taoie uompoundbecause during1Change of Life Iwas in bed twnyears and had twnoperations, but allxae doctors and operations did me nogood, and I wouldhave' been in mygrave today had itnot been for LydiaE.Pinkham's Yeg-i.:-i. u .,.- r"": V"Pounawuicu urougntme out ot it all right, soI am now well and do all my houseworkbesides working in my garden. Severalof my neighbors have got well by taking Lydia E .Pinkham's Vegetable ComPUAw Vl0LA cal, Wagon-Such warning symptoms as sense ofsuffocation, Jiotflashes, headaches, backaches, dread of impending evil, timidity,sounds m the ears, palpitation of theheart sparks before the eyes, irregularities, constipation, variable appetiteweakness and dizziness should be heededby middle-aged women. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has carriedmany women safely through the crisis.CLOSE CALL FOR THE HORSE(Richmond Register.). While driving a blind1 horse to awagon about a half mile above theuxwubu. yjt. j. ciixii. xjujiv uieeit, on tne 'Kentno.kv TMvpr T.arVin -do; ,a ran of T0cC,n,,'n ., IGeo.M .xxxC, VC1C uumpeu,out, and the horse and wagon throwninto the river, when Fain pulled onthe wrong line to guide the sightlessanimal. The outfit went over afifty-foot embankment and into abouttwenty feet of water. The men jumped out when the norse went overand saved themselves. Joe Burton, aMadison farmer, living about a quarter of a mile across the river, heardthe alarm and came immediately totheir rescue with Alex Walker. Thehorse broke loose from the submergedwagon and was blindly swimmingaround until Mr. Walker, rowing hisboat, came near, while Mr.. Burtoncaught hold of the horse and towedhim quietly down the river 150 yardsto a bar, where they landed safely.The wagon -was salvaged later, also.SpecialCut Prices!-!Vt4;si'JTo close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGraiutewarev-j&TBusyBeeCashStore"Tht Store For Daily Bargains"MflRGOLENSSPECIALSFor This -WeekBeefPorkVealLambt fc f- -.-,fMG81Suitary Ibtt Marketj.y .- .-1 SOCUL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.--Mr. J. A. Stern, of the Pair Store,js in New York City on a businessmission.Mrs. Josephine McNeill, of WinS.e,s' .is a suest of Miss Maudewnson, m tnis city.MrS. C. R. AlpYnTlrtiM. o TITChas. Clare have returned from a visitto friends in Cincinnati,Miss "Lucy Simras has returnedirom a summer's vacation stay in.Wequetonsing, Wisconsin.Miss Katherine Davis Craig willnave as guest this week Miss MaryHerndon, of Georgetown.MrS. ROSa PavriA nf Qairrc Tr,tute, in Lexington, is a guest offriends in Paris this week.Mr. Edward K. Myall has returned from a visit in Boston, New-lui-k uity ana .Niagara Falls.Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrishhas gone to Lexington to resume herold position in Hamilton College.Miss Sarah Hunn, has returnedto her home in Stanford, after a visitto friends in Paris and Lexington.Mrs. Gus Margolen. and childrenhave returned from an auto trip toMilwaukee and other vcities in Wisconsin. Miss Pansy Dean "has rptnmoriher home in Louisville after a visitto Miss Mabel Schnapp, on Fergusonstreet.Mrs. Mary N. Gorham has returned to her home in Carlisle aftera visit to Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Mohneyin Paris.Miss Helen Roberts has returnedto ner home in this city after ashort visit to Miss Elizabeth Insko,in Winchester.Miss Mary McAllister, guest ofMrs. Clyde Huffman and Miss Eugenie Fishback, has returned to herhome-in Lexington.Miss Mary Feeback, guest of hermother, Mrs. Sallie Feebanlt. nn sr.enth street, has returned to her homo.., . ZZM'1 -".Lxauta, Georgia.Master Moses Westerfield and sis-fer. Miss T.iipv Woafiii r -nwere guests last week of Dr. and Mrs., -,, iiwiwiiciu, ui jra,iia,J. K. Steele, in Junction City.Mrs. J. Frank Clay, who recentlyreturned from a sojourn at Martinsville, Indiana, is ill at her home onthe Winchester pike, near Paris.Miss Stella Heller has returnedto her school work in Newport after a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. P. M. Heller, on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Dyche, ofLondon, Ky., were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. Walter Martin. Theywere motoring to Ohio for a visit torelativesMiss Mattie McClure, of Shaw-Hnan, ana Miss Sue Taylor, of Paris,left Wednesday for Midway, wherethey will resume their school studiesin the K. .0. S.Miss Mary Frances Lvons. wlinhas been spending the summer inParis with her grandmother, Mrs.Maria Lyons, returned to Louisvillethis week, to reenter school.Mrs. Lutie Turner has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Indiana and Ohio, and is now aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.u. .p. cook, on Eighth street.Miss Mary Wilson returnedTuesday evening to her home in Cincinnati, after a yisit -to-&rsistr,Mrs. Victor Whitridge, and herniece, Miss Carolyn Roseberry.Miss Frances Hancock, who recently underwent a surgical operation for the removal of adenoids andciucvigcu Luiisiis etc Liie ivxassie memorial Hospital, continues to improve.Mr. and Mrs. Percy Henry andson, Mr. Percy Henry, Jr., an ViWalter Huffaker, all of TJouisvinerrtbif n?tv w- and relallvesm this city Weesday and yester-Mr-. Z. Y. Wilcox and familynaTe arrived from Oransre county.New Jersey, to reside in Paris. Mr.Wtflcox was recently elected Secretary of the Bourbon County Y. M.C. A. ... ;Mrs. Wm. P. Hackett, Mrs. J. D.Sousley, Mr. Craig Broaddus andMiss Mary Hackett composed a motoring party from Winchester, whovisited Paris friends and relativesthis week.Miss Alice Carton and Mr. JohnCarton, who iave been spending thesummer in Paris with their aunt,Mrs. W. J. Walsh, left yesterday fortheir home in Indianapolis, to resumeschool duties.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Barbour anddaughter, Alice, who have been guestsof Mr.and Mrs. L. B. Purnell, attheir home on Pleasant street, returned Wednesday to their home InSt. Matthews, in Jefferson county.Mr. and Mrs. Gray Ttochester,guests of Paris and Bourbon countyroloHvea rAtirrnPil to LiOUlSVille.Wednesday, accompanied by Miss Ell-1zabetn Tarr, wno win remain as menguest for the Kentucky State Fair.Miss Elsie Heller, who has beenspending her summer vacation inParis as guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. P. M. Heller, on Second street,has returned to Maysville to resumeher duties as a member of the HighSchool faculty.Louisville Courier-Journal: "Dr.Llewellyn P. Spears, Mrs. Spears andsons, Master Keith Spears and Llewellyn Spears, who have been visitingri. finoarc' mint Mrs. William Cul-bertson, at her cottage at Wequetonsing, will return to-morrow.Mr. J. V, JiiVerilia,u, ui jtio, j.vj.,spent several days last week with hiscousin, Mrs. Eva Brown, before leaving for .Newport to eniisi mnavy."theMr. S. E. Borland returned Wednesday from a river trip to Jfome-by easy stages,- requiring eight .layshunar -un on sand bars inMtheUJMf oAv.fcra.1 times, once befneotrknded for twenty-four hours. Atom lace -the water was -so low thati&ff'Mkff to b-rott64roat of- heby HItldUone :aad , requested" to-, letenougn wir.wwnwiu w un wm.off tne Dar. IS -- - -5 .- -'uinc uuuKtfUHWHAT THE GOVERNMENT ASKSOF THE PBESS.The desires of the Government,with respect to the concealment fromthe enemy- of military policies, plansand movements, are set forth in thefollowing specific requests. They goto the press of the United States directly from the Secretary of War andtne becretary of the Navy, and represent the thought and advice oftheir technical advisers.For the protection of our militaryand naval forces and of merchantshipping it is requested that secrecy be observed in all matter of:1. Information in legard to thetrain or boat movement of troops.Such information is at all time andunaer all circumstances dangerousand should be scrupulously avoided.2. Information tending directly orindirectly -to discuss the number oridentity of troons in the expeditionary forces abroad.3. Information tending to disclosethe names of line officers in exnedi-tionary forces and reference to individual units of these forces. Onlynames of staff officers are permissible.4. Information calculated to disclose location of the permanent basecr bases abroad.5. Information that would disclosethe location of American units or theeventual or actual position of .theAmerican forces at the front.6. Information of the movement ofmilitary forces towaid seaports or ofthe assembling of military forces atseaports from which inference mighfbe drawn of any intention to embarkthem for service abroad: and information of the assembling of transports or convoys; and information ofthe embarkation itself.7. Information of the arrival alany European port of American warvessels, transports, or any portion ofan expeditionary force, combatant ornoncombatant, until announcement isauthorized by the Secretary of War orthe Secretary of the Navy.8. Information of the time of departure of merchant ships from American or European ports, or information of the ports from which theysailed.9. Information indicating the portof arrival of incoming shiDS fromEuropean ports or after their arrivalindicating, or hinting at, the port atwhich the ship arrived..10. Information as to convoys andas to the sighting of friendly or enemy ships, whether naval or merchant. 11. Information of the locality,number, or identity of warships belonging to our own Navy or to thenavies of any country at war withGermany. Papers published in portsshould with especial care refrainfrom giving information to enemyagents in regard to ships stationedor calling at such ports. Becausedangerous news is "known locally, itdoes not allow that it can be safetypublished. Nonpublication of jdiitsgerous news obliges, the enemy to'rely on spies actually In the localitiesconcerned, thus adding difficultiesand delay in its transmission.12. Information of the identities ofAmerican merchant shins defending:themselves against submarines, and Xvrt iA-m-t e i,l. agUn creWs, and crews. No matterfrom which side of the ocean comesthe news, it is asked that this information be withheld from publicatiEditors will appreciate t importance of co-operatin- to wftbholdfiom the energy BUCk information asHHS&.t expose the officers and men ofMerchant ships to thp danger of crueland outrageous reprisal.13. Information of the coast defense of the United States. Ahy information of their very existence, aswell as the number, nature, or position of their guns, is dangerous.1 A Information of the lavinff Ofmines or mine fields or of any harbor jjdefenses. , . r15. Information of the aircraft andappurtenances used at Governmentaviation schools for experimentaltests under military authority.16. Information of all Governmentexperiments in war material.,17. Information of secret noticesissued to mariners or other confidential instructions issued by the Navyor the Department of Commerce relating to lights, ngntsnips, ouoys, orother guides to navigation.18. Information as to tne nunioer,size, character, or location or snipsof the navy or of the merchantmarine, ordered laid down atanv nort or shinvftrd. or In actualprocess of construction; or information mat tney are launcnea or 111commission.19. Information relating to urydocks and to all clases of work, repairs, alterations, or .constructionperformed in connection therewitn.20. Information of the train or boatschedules of traveling official missions in transit through, the UnitedStates21. Information of the transportation of munitions, pr of war material.PHOTOGRAPHS.Photographs conveying the information specified above should not bepublished.These requests go to the press without larger authority than the necessities of the war-making branches.Their enforcement is a-matter for thepress itself. To the overwhelming!proportion of newspapers, who haveirtiran imcolflch Q ttfrtlr ailTlOTATIftfito the voluntary agreement, the Government expends its gratituae anaTii-Ti a nnrerikfion .. 'THE COMMITTEE Sm PUBLIC IN-"fey GEORGE ,CREEtik Chairman?MAYSVffiLE TOBUILD &EWEBS.'The MaysjrillejCity 'Council TuesdaYJnight ordered .that, a special electionJe calledjto-yjote on a $100,000 bondsum forihW construction -of -a complete saaitary-sewagf system im. the!city. dvr? vitchtoot mww;xmBue;nwiwwwwm&U t1ie:ftrtlii would probblrt. : V, 'J-7 J r ' v"news, FARKKI V ' "F0R YOUR SCRAPB00K.IF YOU WERE BUSY.If you were busy being kind,Before you knew it von wmiirt finYou'd soon forget to think 'twas trueihat someone was unkind to you.If .you were busy beintr e-iniAnd cheering people who were sad,Although your heart might ache a bitYou'd soon forget to notice it.If you were busy being goodAnd doing just the best you could,You'd not have time to blame somemanWho's doing just the best he .can.If you were busy being trueTo what you know you ought to do,ou'a be so busy you'd forgetThe blunders of the folks you've met.If you were busy being right,You'd find yourself too busy quiteTo criticise your neighbor longBecause he's busy boing wrong. .The Continent.155 fe uaSTATFS FUNDS SHOWN.btate Auditor Greene n.nnonnr.oS'the balances on hand in the variousfunds of the State government as follows: Sinking fund, $85,402.26:School fund, $56,696.66; State University fund, $4,051.13; General expense fund, $284,657.84; balance inTreasury, $433,707.41. The outstanding interest bearing warrantsamounting to' $4,574,238.34 as compared to $4,569',t86.30 for lastmonth.fe feGREAT FAITH IN CHAMBERLAIN'SCOnC AND DIARRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and bytaking three doses he was absolutelycured-. He has great faith in thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. Williams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv)A CORRECT DEFINITION.The everlastingly busy man, whonever got anywhere and stayed, wentrushing by. "There goes Banger,"said Old Man Smily, "he's always atit to get to it and when he gets toit he ain't at it."1 1 mA man has to go to a dentist tohave his tooth pulled, but anybodycan pull his leg.-,-MlniiininmnimmiMiitiM., Ttllimi IllllllllllliTWFor Dry Goods,. Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, Etc.New, StylishJUST ARRIVED !SEE THEM! .We Sell Ladies' HomealiltM"MFallflatsFINALCUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODS: i .We Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Bach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take yourpick. lO TAi $1 t 10EAbout 20 Pongee Suits (Mostlyji.i'Unrestricted'choiceMen's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas $2.75Get Our Pricesj&3&mfri5.-&$&&r. r ri. -v . . M' irii j-. .vjpjri; - m ryrcif itehi stmt, Pvit, Ky.m ! -1S'-r -rt &Journal Patterns. 10T -' - ; : j -TAGS nop iWRIGLEYSgfrssys s o s h"--1 &Q'F WCUU UVCft QUIIItS ;WRIGLEYS1 J Keep your soldier or 1vjs2J V sailor boy supplied. 1A k Give him the lastin 1 Vfe 'wruJ I t refreshment, the pro- 31 "i iT,I& Teciion against tnirst m.1 iimv' x xw me neiP to appetite aP vfnlJ' A IT ..... .1: ,i (Jh. if ana aieestion attorded mm i i LmmWP v wriKiey s aIW i T A Cfs an outstanding IflK wKf feafurp. fif tha mar m1 n " dlHIHi 111 aercD ctiettw rAi - 'jHKB VJ I I ni lun uvuni I'itnu .LJK Flavor J am-JSmsstm. fcasrs jml i III III III IIMi i II i II I III III III II kmmm -'.. - . . f- '-im - - . - - - i !ISFT.IT A TO50cm$575$3.7575c Sporf Shirts....1.?.Odd Palm Beach Coatson Articles Not Mentioned Above.- mjb , mmmmmmm irii mm stz-wmrs? nsyrirB w i ii w7c: w wpj-ail tne British Army MA is cheurincf it J 3lkB "ill H Jm b'IHHNew Goodsr ,ARRIVING DAILY;!Start Your" Girl'sSchool Clothes JNow. Come and inspect our stock.- 15c; None Higher.Sizes)v5fcts.f$2.2f&jnnB saBn aijisii Wkmtmmmmmml-at-i nl-v 'Jaomtndtr it on some wbmjMi. , ' '; 'IMPERFECT IN ORIGINALt-..--" v t";AiF0i3a:V?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYi;FRIDAY, SEPTIMBiak 7; HIT.F f -HfcsT &The Bourbon NewsTRAINING THE TROOPS.Established 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of Con-vbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday...Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1-00Payable in Advance.1W1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner(latered "at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Glass.)SHOULD BE STOPPEDThe honk-honking of automobileTiorns, the hideous noises of openedmufflers and the score of othernoises hardly seem a part of a socialdance, yet it seems to be the after;math in Paris.Paris people complained of the unseemly noises and disorderly conductof a large party of youngsters returning from the dance Tuesdaymorning. To be kept awake all nightis pretty tough on the man who hasto go to work. Thepe young peopleshould have a little more consideration but will they?Complaints are frequent regardingthe noise of automobile and motorcycle horns and open mufflers in thevicinity of churches while servicesare being held. But, as a prominentmerchant remarked, "The day maycome when some effort will be madeby the officials to stop it perhaps!"m m iA SMALL DOVE CROP.According to reports from manyhunters who have been in the fieldsin this county, the supply of doveshas turned out to be rather disapnnintine' Even in the hemn fieldsthe hunters had several long hours HOWof waiting before the birds flew in.The scarcity of birds is attributed tothe way in which hundreds were mer-icilessly slaughtered last season.There will have to be more protection given these birds or they willbecome so scarce as to render hunting" them a matter of doubt, or theymay- be entirely cleaned out.The program to be followed at thevarious army camps upon the arrivalof the men that will make up the newNational Army was announced a fewdays ago by the War Department.The program for the first four weeksonly after the opening ofthe camps.The local Exemption Boards will benotified to assemble the requiredquota 5 per cent from each districtat the county seat on September 5.Each man will be furnished withtransportation and nieal tickets andwill be entrained by the local board.The executive officer of the localboard will place in charge of eachparty one or more men of militaryexperience.The first duty of the recruit whenhe arrives at the cantonment will beto take a bath. He will then begiven a physical examination andvaccinated for typhoid, para typhoidand smallpox. Recommendationswill then be made to the companycommander for special forms of exercise to remedy any slight physicaldefects. The first two weeks of training will be occupied almost entirelywith these special exercises, lightexercises in setting up drills andschooling of the soldier.During the second two weeks regular training will begin, but thework will be inci cased graduallyand the division surgeon and hisassistants will keep a watchful eyeon the general physical condition ofthe men. Thorough instruction inpersonal hygiene, sanitation and firstaid will be given during their firsttwo weeks. On his arrival at thecantonment each man will be assign-!ed to a section of the camp reservedfor recruits from his own local section of the divisional area for whichthe cantonment is established. Thiswill have been previously arrangedby the officers in charge, who willhave mapsof the States comprisingtheir cantonment division with thequotas from each district and cantherefore so allot dormitories asto bring together men from the samesection."PS m 1TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themBOURBON- TRAINER'S HORSESWIN BIG EVENT.RELIGIOUS. 'In the Labor Day Handicap at1 1-16 miles, the big event Monday atMaxwelton race course, near St.Louis, the J. W. Fuller entry, bothtrained by Trainer James Hukill, ofParis, captured firpi and secondmoney Tokay, ridden by JockeyCrump, shook off 'Daddy Holbert, inthe first quarter, and came in winner, with his stablemate, DorothyDean, ridden by Jockey Vandusen,second.Crump and Vandusen, accompaniedby their wives and a big bull dog,were recent visitors in Paris, motoring over from Lexingcon, where theyhad been visiting at the Lexingtontrack.KEEPING PRICES DOWN.We're holding the price down onour new fall suits and can give youextra values still at $20, $25 and $30.J. W. DAVIS s& CO.YOUR NEIGHBORS ARE DOING IT.Your neighbor is buying BourbonOil and Development Co. stock now.' RACING NOTES CONCERNINGPARIS TUREMEN.THE STATE PAIR.The big State Fair begins at Louisville next Monday and continuesthrough the -week". The railroads aremaking special round trip rates. The'fair promises to be very attractivethis year.Of recent years the State Fair hasbeen attracting a large attendancefrom Bourbon county. The discontinuance of the county fairs in thisand other nearby counties left avaccina that simply had to be filled,so our people go to the State Fair,where they are sure of good programs in all the events. LexingtonJ, T: HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.m mCRAB ORCHARD SPRINGS.SeveraJ hundred quests at Crab Orchard Springs enjoyed a ball masquethis week, in which all the .youngpeople participated. Daily morningcard parties are occupying the guests,and the afternoons arc spent in bathing, swimniing, fishing and motoringto the surrounding towns. Includedamong the guests at the Springs thisweek are the following from Paris:Mr. and Mrs. Fayette Ardery andfamily, Mr. and Mrs. Ben B. Ardery,Mrs. C. L. Talbott, Misses Annie andIsabel Talbott, Walter King, S. P.Harding, James W. 'Caldwell and Mrs.Lair and son.BUY STOCK NOW IT WILL SOONMAKE ANOTHER ADVANCE.The income from loyalities ownedi hv Bourbon Oil and Development Co.had a, fairthis year, but it was so! would pay 10 on the par value ofpoorly advertised that it was poorly stock issued. Buy now before anattended. i other advance.The Lexington Herald's sportingpages contain the following interesting references to Paris turfmen, whoare in the limelight in turf circles:"French Brooks, formerly trainerfor Clay Bros., and Woodford Clay, ofParis, has arrived from Louisvillewith the Middleton & Jones string,numbering seven head and includingGuy Fortune and Lady Always"After the two-year-old DickeryDare, son of Transvaal and EvelynKinsey, beat Lazy Ben a sixteenth ofa mile, going three-eighths in :37eased up, J. Hal Woodford boughthim from W. R. Hukill, of Paris, and'Budge' now is in the market foranother youngster."fe fcaCOUNTY ELECTION COMMISSIONERS APPOINTED.LEXINGTONCREAMERY CONow buying your cream whereyou can see it tested, assuring youa square deal, and you get yourcans and check in thirty minutes.The Board of Election Commissioners for Bourbon county was appointed at the recent session of the StateElection Commissioners at Frankfort.The Board will be composed of Mr. W.G. Talbott, Democrat, and Judge H.Clay Howard, Republican. Sheriff-to-beWm. G. McClintock will by virtueof his" office, be the third member,and will rank as chairman of theBoard.m 1 mB-4 TIREInsure with -W.O. HINTON &SON,Aglsm ls is AtHAIL AND RAIN DAMAGES CLARKCOUNTY CROPS.A rain, wind and hail storm thatvisited Clark county on Monday afternoon did considerable damage tocorn and tobacco. Especially in thesoutheastern part of the county considerable damage was done. Cornwas laid flat and tobacco was ruinedby the heavy downpour of hail. Considerable damage is also reported inthe Wp,des Mill neighborhood.It is considered the worst stormthat Clark county has had for a number of years.The big hailstorm also visited theNorth Middletown section -of thiscounty, near the Clark county line,considerable damage was done to thecrops on the farms of John Talbott, J.W. Young, Sr., Young Bros., Young& Robinson, Allie Jones, Ed. Simms,Ed. Witt, Henry S. Caywood, H.Williams, W. B. . Crouch, R. R.Crouch, Murphy '& Henry, Jno. Talbott and Redmon Talbott. In someinstances the leaves on tobacco plantswere torn entirely away froni thestalks.H s AFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.The Woman's Missionary Societyof the Christian church will meet inthe church parlors this (Friday) afternoon. A full attendance of themembership is desired.Rev. George Eaily has been assigned to the pastorate of the Methodist church, in Clintonville, thiscounty, by the Conference of theCovington District, which adjournedat Maysville last week.Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of thePresbyterian church, will preach inthe court house, Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock on the subject: "TheOld Time Religion." The night service will be at7:30 o'clock and thesubject will be, "Mysteries of Life,or God Infinite."The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetat the court house Sunday evening at6:45 o'clock. Miss Margaret Griffithwill lead the services. The subjectto be presented will relate to Lessons of Excuses." It is earnestlyhoped all members will be present atthis meeting.The State Convention of theChristian church will be held atCampbellsville on Septr 17-20. Therewill be a good attendance from Parisand the county. The roads are inexcellent shape, and it has beenpointed out to the delegates that thebest way to go will be by autohobile.Campbellsville is eighty miles fromParis.The Endeavor Society of theParis Christian church will meet inthe church parlors Sunday night at6:30 o'clock. Leader, Mr. J. W.Brown, subject, "A Lesson On Excuses." The business meeting of thesociety will be held Monday night atthe same place, at 7:15 o'clock. MissCarrie Rose's class will entertain.The members of the MissionCircle of the Paris Christian churchspent an enjoyable day Tuesday withan old-fashioned outing in the woodland of Mr. John Roseberry, nearParis. Miss Carolyn Roseberry wasthe charming hostess for the occasion.A picnic dinner was served under thetrees and the day was delightfullyspent in various games and diversions.LABOR DAY.1Your Cream will give bettertests here than it will afterIons: shipments. This youwill find after our tests.We are home people andspend our money here withyou, and believe in home industries. Let us test your cream andwe feel that you will be asatisfied customer. ''Prayer services will be- held inthe auditorium of the Bourbon College to-night (Friday) at 7:30o'clock. A committee appointed bythose interested in the recent tentmeetings held there were successfulin securing permission to use theauditorium. The services will be conducted by Rev. R. H. Herrington, whoassisted Evengelist Hobbs in the tentmeeting.tRev. John J. Rice having returned from his vacation, conducted theprayer meeting service Wednesdaynight at the Presbyterian manse at7:30. Regular services at the courthouse Sunday. The monthly businessand social meeting of the Woman'sBible Class was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at the home of-ITrs. Sol. Current, on Main street.Almost the entire membership waspresent, and interesting programwas observed.As the result o a membershipcontest between the "Reds" and"Blues" of the Presbyterian Christian Endeavor Society, which was inaugurated early in the summer, the"Blues" came out as victors. One ofthe provisions of ttie contest as insiniilar ones, was that the losersshould entertain the winners at thehome of one of their members. Thiswill be carried out at 7:30 o'clockthis (Friday)" evening, when the"Blues" will be guests of the "Reds"at the home of Mrs. Duncan Bell onHigh street. A cordial invitation isextended to all members of the Society to be -present.WtHllinillHillMHHIIIIItMllllllllllHlnillllJFRANK & CO.The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest ModesINFall and Winter 'Ready-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and MissestttCoats For Ladies, Misses and Children $Skirts of All KindsifCrepe and Georgette WaistsFOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSES4PRICES.REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.a j,t t uin t itit t " t n 1 1 1 1 m i m n m t4Coming pinAttractionsIS GRAND AND ALAMOTo the Farmers.0n Fri 5:30 A. M Until 6:30 P. M.tJtyZ " A i -jr Vjr, t-tV-.v-'S--JBROADWAY-"jt t"nrv- -.jr-jr.lSf lv-Wt5 "W'Monday being Labor Day, a legalholiday, the postoffice was closed.There was no general observance ofthe day in Paris, there being no laborunions here to take part in such celebrations. On account of court daythe banks were opened for businessas usual.Quite a number took advantageof the day being a holiday and wentto Lexington, where the day was celebrated by the labor unions with aprogram at Blue Grass Park. Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill delivered a stirring patriotic speech to alarge crowd at the Park.'SB im !S .PARTS DRUGGISTS ON COMMITTEES OF STATE ASSOCIATION.ur. JUiDridge L. SnaDD. of thtLBrooks & Snapp Drug Co., and Dr. L. jUDeraoner, or Jfaris, were named asmembers of important committees atthe recent meeting of the KentuckyPharmaceutical Association.Dr. Snapp will be a .member of theCommittee on the Drug Market,while Dr. Oberdorfer will serve asa member of the Business Men'sCommittee. Officers and members ofthe Standing Committees '"for 19171918 were selected atthe same meeting, which was held in- LouisvilleA "-v- WmiSave your hogs by using "Laughlin's Cholera Cure." This is the onlyremedy that will prevent and curediseased hogs. It has tood the testfor years. For sale by Ardery DrugCo., Vardon Drug Co., J. S. WilsonHardware Store, and at my residence.Office corner Second and Chaplinj Streets; Paris, Ky.MRS. B. P. LAUGHLIN,; Cumberland Phone 836.(aug73t-F)FRIDAYWm. S. Hart In'The Desert Man'Triangle K, B. production. "Petticoat Perils"Triangle comedy.Pearl White in 11thepisode of "Pearl of theArmy."SATURDAY."The Brand of Hate"Gold Seal drama. "Dry Goods andDamp Deeds," L. KO. comedy in twoparts. "Gall and Golf," Big V comedy. Alamo afternon and Grandevening.Alamo evening, Mark Macdermottand Mildred Manning in "MaryJane's Pa," Vitagsaph Blue Ribbonfeature.MONDAY.Pauline Frederick in"Sleeping Fires"Emotional drama, produced by Famous Players, single reel comedy;also Paramount Pictgraph.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,r to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.Public RentingOFBOSWELL FARM3UYS-C0TTAGE.avenue at 9iWaSSSfMri. 7 Overby will occupy iheSeottiim a nome. ' - f.We will rent publicly at the courthouse door at 2 'o'clock, p. m., onSATURDAY, SEPT. 15, 1917,the' Boswell farm . containing 140acres situated on Paris & Lexington,pike, 1 miles from Paris, with interurban stop in front of dwelling. -Tobe cultivated as follows:About 9 acres in tobacco, 24 acresin corn, 40 acres in wheat, balance inmeadow and bluegrass.Contract tp'be readat time'of renting and note to beMfcured satisfactorily to the undersigned. ..This is an.vexcellenfcfannL'With-icT. W. SPICERvNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and Heating"MrJintVSyipurcbAsC Wed-BOTOBOlGRiCUL'njRAliltBANIDi TMBT .COMPANY;-: -, s Guardian .of Boawell lwirs. tA Full Line of Gas Stoves and- . : RangesPut in Your Stoves -Now Before the FallRukL Tj "-. 5"-- . ---- -S fSwIASk.'C Ytftf4MbJH?? -" '-r1:- "jr-b.'i"r T 'v - mnJ rTWfHtmJmvveCrt tWIj -W. - -wfmmmmmmmmm&mmmmmmmmmmm-7W9?-.-4. aVFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1917.THE BOURBON NE WS PARK, lfo.? m-PAGBFIYB-js.II i mm& t4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPANCY MELONS ON ICE.Pancv canteloups and watermelonson ice ready for delivery.(lt) - C. P. COOK & CO.SiaraPRESH PISH TO-DAY.Fresh fish to-day and to-,morrow atMargolen's Sanitary Meat Market.BE tS EFARM RE-SOLD.The Trabue farm, of thirty-fiveacres, near Shawhau, recently purchased by Mr. Frank P. Kiser, wasresold by Mr. Kiser a short time af.terward. Mr. Charles Larue, ofShawhan, being the purchaser at anadvance in price.1 la ISPUBLIC SALE OP BOURBON PARMAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Wednesday for Dr. F. P. Lapsley and B.F. Bedford, executors of the estateof the late Mrs. M. E. Cunningham,her farm containing 250 acres aboutone mile from Hutchison, to JonasWeil, at $101per acre1ONLY A PEW SHARES LEPT.Only a few more shares of BourbonOil and Development Co.'s stock tobe bought at present price.jsa TS ISSWIMMING PRIVILEGES EXTENDED TO SEPT. 15.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.n,ommgs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The privileges of the swimmingpool at the Borbon County Y. M. C.A. having been extended to Sept. 15,the pupils of Miss Ilarriet Rogers'swimming class will be enabled tocontinue their diversions, though theclass closed Saturday.?s fe EsSTETSON HATS.The same excellence of quality andstyle maintained this fallen our Stetson hats $4.50 to ?6.J. W. DAVIS & CO. ,to m mPRESH OYSTERS.Fresh oysters stewing and fryingsizes. The first of the season. Theseare fine, fresh, stock and are sellinglike hot cakes. Served in all stylesat all hours.(4-2t) JAS. E. CRAVEN.1 ft fftB0URB0NITES IN CAMP.;A party a of P Paris , and Bourbon,county professional and business menare camping in a cottage on the farmof Mr. George Sampson, near BlueLick Springs, in Nicholas county.The party is well provided with thecomforts of life, and they are havinga good time, fishing, bathing andwell, just enjoying life.v is Bs a rTOBACCOGROWERSAGED.ENC0U&Tobacco growers are now encouraged over the outlook for the crop.Ten days ago the crop was burningup and niuch was being housed tosave it from the sun and the dryweather. Since the rains the tobaccohas taken new growth and indications are for a much largeryieldthan was first expected.TS isi laCAMPING PARTY.Miss Ru11 Shipp, of Lexington Miss Louise Morrison, ofCharleston, W. Va., pisses Marthaand Margaret Ferguson a DorcasUssery, of Paris; Messrs. Hugu Ferguson, Alvin and Drake Thompson,of Paris; Wm. B. Walker and FelixRenick, of Winchester, are the merrymembers of a camping party on thoKentucky river below Boonesboro.The party is chaperoned by Mr.and Mrs. Wm. A. Clarke, of Cinciiiinati, and Mrs. Henry Judy.SEE WHAT IJNdLE SAM SAYS- ABOUT IT.Do you know what the U. S. Government says about oil investments?Come to the office and talk it overwith us.BOURBON OIL & DEVELOPMENTCOMPANY,411 Main Street, Paris, Ky.GROCERIES AT WHOLESALE.If you want to buy heavy standardgroceries at wholesale prices see Margolen. Some interesting bargains tooffer his customers to-day and to-morrowin the best groceries and staplearticles on the market.' (It)Mrs. Mary Geisel, of Maysville,is visiting Mrs. J. V. Lytle, in Paris.Mrs. Nora Gilpin, of Winchester.was a guest several days this week of rmends in Paris.Mrs. Rudolph Davis is at homeafter a visit to her mother, Mrs. MaryHowse, in Carlisle.Miss Nellie Quinn has returnedto her home in Newport, after a visitto relatives in Paris.Capt. and Mrs. J. W. Taylor leftyesterday in their auto for a visit torelatives in Louisville.Miss Mattie Lilleston has returned to Hawesville, Georgia, whereshe is teaching a class in music.Deputy Sheriff Wm. G. McClintock is confined to his home on Pleasant street, suffering from a sprainedankle.Miss Irene Bramblette, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Bramblette,will attend school at Danville thisyear.Miss Mary Bradley, daughter ofMr. James Bradley, of Higgins avenue, is seriously ill with typhoidfever. - .Mr. Charles P. Mann, of theParis Realty Co., has returned froma business trip to Shelby and Spencer counties.Mr., and Mrs. Miiler and daughter, of Louisville, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. John Mattox, at their homeon Pleasant streetsMrs. Harry Chambers, of Louisville, is visiting her father, Mr. J.Harry Brent, and her brother Mr.Hugh Brent, and family.Miss Van Greenleaf, of Richmond, has arrived for a visit to Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, and Mrs.Durand Whipple, on Stoner avenue.' Miss Sallie Comack, after a twoweeks' vacation, has returned to herposition as Chief Operator in theCumberland Telephone Cos office atParis.Miss Nancy Clay Hancock,'daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B.Hancock, who has been ill at thehome of her parents, on Pleasantstreet, is improving.Reports from the St. Joseph Hospital, at Lexington, state that Mr.Joseph M. Hall, of Paris, who recently underwent an operation there forappendicitis, is improving nicely.Miss Elsie Henry, of Mt. Sterling,Miss Alice Mulcahay, Messrs. HarryMyers and Leon Case, of Covington,have returned to their homes aftera visit to Miss Edith Beritly, nearNorth Middletown." Mrs. Joseph E. Prues and littleson, Joseph Prues, Jr., and Mrs.Prues' sister, Miss Margaret Welsh,have returned to .Newport, after avisit to their parents, Mr. and Mrs.E. J. Welsh, on Clifton avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Holliday ofChicago, are guests of Misses. Holliday, on Eighth street. Mr. Hollidayis a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. JohnW. Holiday, of Paris, and has been aresident of Chicago for several yearspast.-Miss Emily Fithian, daughter ofMrs. Macie White Fithian, of Paris,underwent a. successful operationWednesday at the Massie MemorialHospital for enlarged tonsils and, adenoids. She is doing very well atpresent.Mr. William Estill- Moore, former Parisian, lately' of Lexington,has gone .to Georgia to enter thetraining camp. In two months hewill be joined by Mrs. Moore, whowill be with her mother, Mrs. ClayElkin, in Lexington, until her departure. Mr. LiTidsav Moore, who has beena guest of his grandmother, Mrs. S.M. Wilmoth, and family, in this city,and of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goggin,in Georgetown, has gone to Cleveland,Ohio", for a visit to his aunt, Mrs.Mayme Ditchen, before .returning tohis home in Detroit, Mich,Miss Margaret Hill, who hasbeen spending the summer in Mt.Sterling, as a guest .oi Mr. and Mrs.George Sassenfoss and family, has returned to resume her school duties.Her brother, Master Edgar Hill, whohas been visiting his uncle, in Cincinnati, has also returned for theschool term, Ji. b"'Mrs. Diirand Whipple, who hasbeen spending the summer wun nerparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson,on Stoner Avenue, wm leave misweek for her home in Little Rock,Ark., going one month sooner thanshe had intended, on account of theuncertainty of transportation causedby movement of trains for troops.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissElizabeth Curie has returned from avisit to her aunt, Mrs. J. O. Marshall,in Paris.-. . .Mr. J. Arch Baileyand family were in Paris, Saturdayto attend the funeral and burial ofJames Edward Ritchie Mrs.Rome Day and daughter. Miss Lillian, of Paris, spent several days thepast week with Mrs. Edward Mulcahey, and other friends, at Berry."(Other Personals on Page 3.)RECENT I4ND DEALS1As administrator of the estate ofthe late Mr. Lemuel Offutt, for manyyears a well-known resident ofParis, the Farmers Bank & TrustCo., of Georgetown, sold the 138-acrefarm belonging to the estate, locatednear Newtown, in Scott county, toMiss Katie Offutt, his daughter, for$150 per acre. This is a most excellent farm, and the price realizedis said to be a very good one.Mr. and Mrs. John McClintock, formerly of Hutchison, who have beenresiding in Lexington for a numberof years, have sold their fine farm offifty-four acres, located in Fayettecounty, on the Paris and Lexingtonpike, to Mr. Hal Price Headley, at aprice not given out for publication.It is reported that Mr. Headley actedas agent for a wealthy Easterner. Mr.and Mrs. McClintock will move backto Lexington to reside when possession is given the new owner in January next.The farm is one of the most attractive places around Lexington. Itis a fine body of Bluegrass land, 'andis in a high state of cultivation. Ithas a handsome brick residence, servant's quarters, stables, garage, andall necessary improvements, and isconveniently located on the Paris andLexington interurban line.Mr. Sam Williams, of Bourboncounty, recently sold to Mr. A. B.Harney, of Harrison county, the MattLair farm, located on the Townsendand Jackstown pike, in this county,at $145 per acre. The place contains about 161 acres of land, andwas bought about a year ago by Mr.Williams from Mr. Matt Lair, ofParis, for $125 per acre. Mr. Harneywill be given possession of the placeon March 1, 1918. The tract adjoinsthe lands of Mr. Charles Kuster. Mr.Harney recently sold his farm on the-Ruddles Mills pike, in Harrisoncounty.5l Hi f9& " " "BUY OIL STOCK.For a good investment buy oilstock.BOURBON OIL & DEVELOPMENTCOMPANY,411 Main Street, Paris, Ky."FELLOWSHIP MEETING."Prof. T. A. Hendrick, Superintenddent of the Paris Public Schools, attended a 'Fellowship Meeting" heldin the Y. M, C. A. building at Versailles, Wednesday evening at eighto'clock. ' Prof. Hendricks was a former principal of the Verailles GradedSchool. He addressed the meeting ina neat speech basing his remarks onthe subject of "Greeting to Woodford.' The meeting was given as a testismonial of esteem and farewell HoSecretary Otis B. Taylor, of Versailles, who leaves to-day for CampTaylor, near Louisville, as a memberof the draft army.m mNo, we haven't heard of any ofthose Russian soldier girls complaining of the attentions of the streetcorner Johnnies.TAKE AKODAK!ICANNNING EXHIBIT iEROM BOUBBON AT STATE FAIR.At the Kentucky State Fair, to beheld in Louisville next week therewill be shown an interesting exhibit of canned products, the work ofthA Oirls' Canning Clubs of Bourboncounty. The exhibit, which is takenWANTS COPY OF HOUSE NUMBERING ORDINANCE.impressed by the business-likemethods used in the recent campaignfor house numbering in Paris, Mr.Samuel .King, postmaster of Winches--,.i fnrctfATi to o randnm from the many samplesto the plan followed here, for copies ; submitted, includes twenty-seven vaof the ordinance passed by the Cityrieties of vegetables, "Council, the house numbering cards. tries put up this season by the youngnotiflcatioE blanks, etc., used in fur- ladies of the clutf "tTiHn ttim nrotect tion of Miss Helen Hutchcraft.Mr 11 -by forwarding .This exhibits own dtapto intiSmSSiS&Smf' syrtemlthe 'e&&ffi'&4 Hutchcraft,rtfca tfceoldw: .Ttiwete wpm;lat wimter tlwoK11- waiow.Snapshots of various summersports will 'add immensely to thefun fishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1-00 upADVANCE FALL APPARELSuitsDresses WaistsOur Ready-to-Wear buyer has spent two weeks inscouring the New York market for the newest andsmartest apparel to be had. The first shipments havearrived and are awaiting your approval.Autumn SuitsIn Velpur, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying rtfiesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced -$20.00 to $75.00 - ''..Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garmentsof the season w$5.00 to $40.00 .Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllVAlso a Full Line ofSporting GoodsSwimming Suits. ... .75c to $5.00.Water Wings 35cBathing Gaps. . . .:. v. . . . . .35c.' . - x,-- . .uaugnk". -" r "-?". mM'rrtyDroertvDros.Paris. Kea tackyFIX UPFOR WINTER!Now that the time of year has comewhen you can no longer enjoy your verandatake advantage of our; SEPTEMBER -BARGAINS:- -that we will give you during all of September. 'We have just placed on display the mostdesirable suites ofDINING ROOMFURNITURE"we have ever been able to assemble. Wewish to impress on you that it is decidedly toYOUR INTEREST as well as OURS to getyour home furnishings HERE.THEJ.T.HIHl(GaMOTOJ&IEAfcSEVv,"-V v rM . --- i' J-MOTOR INVALID JEOA'!..'V '11ClTftFH0Nl? 36y--UNDERTAKING.. j .t - - r -a,SIXTH AND MAIN STS.2r -. ,.-' -.XIMMK'jC,J at! 4rIr i:,WM4n W,!'' -Z".rtt&,: t':.SrJr-i-fjf 5-r.f1 -4.rr -ft "v5-"x-"T"m-C-.- --.'V -- :,iK.s: - -fss-" jr 3' ;"-" " THE BOfjRBON N3BWS, FWS,,KY-? - " - rti-ii! . " v. - tfanner, hftiubxr 73117;l".VJ-'W -0r"-r j;tr-fcrijr.-vri-fe-THE PLACE TOE LOVERS.Ina MacLaren wrote that Gaelic is-the beet of all languages for termsof endearment, that it has fifty waysof saying "darling." The old tongueof the Isle of Man, a picturesqueisland almost equally near to Ireland, Scotland and England, is saidto he even better furnished withterms for the use of lovers, that itkas r had ninety-seven ways ofaying "my dear."HAS A HIGH OPINION OF CHAMBEKT.ATN'S TABLETS."I have a high 'opinion of ChamIbarlaln's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.-"Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I haveraver found anything so mild andpleasant to use. My brother has alsoused these tablets with satisfactoryresults."(sepfcadv)KENTUCKY TRACTIONTERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEParis Lexington.lor forfcexlngton Paris' 6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7t30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a11:15 a. m. 11:50 a12:45 p. m. 1:20 p2:15 p. m. . 2:50 p3:45 p. m. 3:30 p4:30 p. m. 4:20 p5:15 p. m. 5:00 p6:0J5 p. m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m.8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. an.10:0i p. m. 11:00 p. m.$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Sept 9Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m.f arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. "Returning leaves Cincinnati(4thTStreet Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. . CHNKEHBEABD, T. A.Paris FacultyOfLexington College of MusicPer Nielsen, Norwegian Baritone. v tEdward Weiss, Concert PianistBruce Reynolds, Concert Violinist.Ethel Love Fisher, Reader, Pianist.Harry Edward Mueller, Organist.Fall Term begins September tenth. For information addressor phone MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFFWrite for catalogue. Lexington; Ky. Phone 639x.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffecttyet Sanfoy, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m."fcsj ; 1FROMtain$1-T-?Smm uiww UIU4 j .,. ..! "itb-' m Cynuilana, dilr ikwt SttttMy, frmwn-nm,H Rowland, dally except Sunday..11 MayiTiUe daily except Sunday..tt T-Ttirtnn rif1 errant SttndalTi ;Z& MayiTllle, Sunday aniy .'ft Rowland. SnndaT 0t"v ......i.'tS fSaEftoSTSmSaySiy...v....'.!., iftf Cincinnati, o., aaiiTvv. ......... . .i Iystittgton, dallM chieato, toW i -.it Lexington Dally Except spnaay. .1ITavsirilla Tlttlv Tftrramt Sundfi.7. .mLexington, DailyKnoxrille, Tenn., DallyMaysville, DailyCincinnati, Dally Except SundayLexington, Daily Except SundayJacksonville, Fla., Dally" ...-.Cincinnati, Sunday onlyCincinnati, O., DallyLexington Daily114S31119TRAINSFORU49L19U9isCincinnati, waily tf'.Cincinnati, dally except SundayLexington, daily except Sunday. .MayiTiUe, daily except SundayClscinnatlf Sunday oily ...--...Txlnrtdn. daily except Sunda7IT Koxt1U, dailyft JaickottTlll,. dailyJit Maysrille, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sunday.M Cincinnati, daily29 Lxiacton, daUy except Sundaytv2tOTiftAa,JQftUy tzotpc BunaiyMayiriU, dally axoept Sunday. .. .Ckioaco. dally ............ittdaiui,laiiytxiMpiDunaayI, OMiMUbj mu j ...Jfcaday oiyid, Sunday only4.Lexington, Dally ......14ft 9. Qfl214 UftyvllMM BMOBCUMLM BohIli19db O. TIME-TABL. . TtAlNt ARVf FROM k.r Ti aii ! i U 7- -Patty Tfc; 8nnay.4 WtttMt&rt, Ky.,-Daily jk. Saaday. . 5:59 a. 'a mi v TRAiMS p9yART FW J - .M JrHBHPM &t OMRF BK. 2MHMBF '" "' JTw2P ?9AA DUCK STOKY.This is about time for the annualcrop of duck stories. This one iscontributed by the Cherry ville (Kas.)Republican:"Jim Jacobs had quite an excitingexperience while hunting ducks ,afew days ago. He had 'made repeatedattempts to get in range of a big flockthat "had settled on his pond, buteach time the ducks would fly before he got in . shooting distance.As soon as he would leave the duck3would return. Finally Jim threw hisold muzzle loader away and gatheredabout a dozen big pumpkins and setthem afloat on his pond. After theducks got used to the pumpkins Jimhollowed one out, with eyes like ajack-o'lantern, and slipped it over hishead. Then he walked out in thepond up to his neck, and when theflock was all bunched up he got outamong the ducks and caught themby the feet."The plan worked all right, butJim was too greedy and kept catching them until he suddenly felt himself rising out of the water, and wasterrified when he found that he wasbeing rapidly carried awtfy by thefrightened mallards. He didn't darelet go for fear of falling, and everysecond he was being raised higher,above the earth. Finally a bright ideaoccurred to him, and he began to release the ducks, one by one, until hergot too heavy and they gradually settled down. He still had enoughducks that when he dressed themthere was meat to last him and hisfamily all winter."IS IS ISPEOPLE SPEAK WELL OF CHAM-BERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have been selling Chamberlain'sTablets for about two years andheard such good reports from mycustomers that I concluded to givethem a trial myself, and can say thatI do not believe there is anotherpreparation of the kind equal tothem," writes G-. A. McBride, Headford, Ont. If you are troubled withindigestion or constipation give thema trial. They will do you good.(sept-adv)1 1 isMONTGOMERY AGRICULTURALFAIR DECLARED OFF.The agricultural show open toBourbon, Clark, Menifee, Bath,Powell and Montgomery counties,which was to be held in Mt. Sterling the last week in October, hasbeen called off. Prizes amounting to$1,100 were offered for exhibits ofcorn, tobacco and other products,but the farmers took little interest inthe movement, only seven entries being received.If a man expects a woman .to bereasonable she thinks he is unreasonable. I --ARRIVALv6:25 ami. .7:35 am....n uuut vrtyn" ti...7:38 alll..7:40 am.44.44.4..I ..8:00amamtt o.udr ..8:10 am.... .. - m10:05 am.10:02 am;17 amm....j, &0o ppi... v.;J m? "f :4 m-. JJoJ pmf.JJ P. J-J pmv :!:?J pmV10l?810:23 p mLEAVE.' -v .i5:80 am7:45 amv. ..........7:47 am: am....8:20 am10:25 am: iujm am..." lutiz rfam11:04 im. .-. 3: 25 pm"2:20 pm5:57 pm.jwjpm9:92 tin'.............. ..:! ipm'.....: sv pm9:28 pmv. 4v pis9:25 m. . . . . .. . . . "7:22 armTHE AUTUMNETHEIR DEBUTFashion Decides For Straight Linesand Hip Drapery.PERSONALITY PLUS PATRIOTISM.NEW YORK, Sept. 6, 1917.Though the weather man continueshis maddening report of "fair andwarmer," we fear him not at all, fotwe have far weightier things on ourminds than 4he mere rise in temperature. The ftme to seriously plan, theAutumn wardrobe has come, andnothing can interefre with that delightful task. Indeed, it must bemore carefully planned this year thanever. There is no belter formula forthe woman of fashion thna "Personality Plus Patriotism."Naturally, the coat plays a very impotant part in the scheme of thingsthis time of the year. Cool weatherdemands a coat, and fashion decideswhich coat. The smart wrap makes adeep impression on the casual observer, for, as every one knows, appearances count for a great deal inthis world. There are top coats andsuit coats and evening coats; and,oh, the number of fascinating modelsthere are to choose from!The top coat has been so very popular for some time that we have cometo feel that no wardrobe is completewithout at least one. On Fifth Avenue one feels almost nonplussed bytheir great variety. There are coatsthat cling to the figure, proclaimingin every line their allegiance to thestraight silhouette. The drapedcoats, rivals of straight-line effects,have soft pufiings and folds cunningly arranged to give the required fulness across the hips. There are coatsMcCaiaStraight Lines, and a Smart TopCoatwithout a bit of trimming, there arecoats with hraid, and coats, with fur,and coats with buttons. The Chineseinfluence, so strongly predicted byParis, has not as yet gained the ascendency, though I saw- a stunningwrap the other day, a combination ofbeige and black, hanging straight? Tnft snoumers, with the wideri m rtn n qIaovaq a n rf ti n.r r . D 6it.CO1IThere was a waistcoat of many colori.Then folks don't share my views, I1n emhroidefy and beads; indeed, thewaistcoats fire quite a feature of thismodehe Practical Coat -"Te coat for every-day wear mustof hecessity he extremely simple, depending on the charm of line, coloand material instead of ongfeatdeal Of trimming. FurrtMII ursaito a great extent, though not s5 unversally asjst yeai.f wnen 0n tcompletely out of style i! there wasnot a mile or two of fur on coat -anddress. .Collars, cuffs and pockets mayhe banded with fur, or, if satin isused, a very pretty trimming is wideHercules hraid. Stitching, too, willbe used a great deal; two or threerows on the collar and cuffs makean exceedingly pretty finish. Manyof the coats fasten up to the neckwith broad collars of the same material pr of velvet, fur or satin.A' particular good example of thesmartness of simplicity is illustratedhere. It has the Empire waistlinesobecoming to the young girl or "thesmall woman with the girlish figure.It belongs to the -drapery familythough the straight silhouette is alsofollowed. The smart pockets arereally useful as well as being ornamental. The collar, fastened sosnugly here, is equally attractive ifleft hanging loosely. Sometimes .aswagger shoulder cape is worn witha coat of this type.Colortagsnhla JLritumnll- W atrifle subdued. It is rather, a. relief,1 think, tcr .. the jwft-grays, taasand gTaeisT after -the' kaleidoscopegaapesjof the 'summer., -ChoeolaU,darkgjftta aad Miu aw pr4omtet-lag, eolors, with here and thet thefalluring charm of the russets, tawnyoranges and brilliant coppers. Neverhas tnere Deen a season wnen mecolor a woman really loves and admires can so easily be used. Combinations of colors, too are seen every-McCallAn Evening Wrap oi Rose-Coloredwhere. I have in mind one charmingcreation of dull rose combined withtaupe.b xne suit coats vary m length, fromthe very short Eton jacket to thecoats in knee length or longer. As awell-known designer said to me theother day, "But, Madame, it is a matter of temperament, alone. End th'ecoat where you please."A Wonderful Evening Wrap."The stuff dreams are made of,"seems to have been uned this year forthe evening wraps. They are so softand lustrous, so marvelous, and yet sosimple, they seem in perfect harmonywith the times. Of course velvets,plushes, broadcloths ?.nd satins arefavorite materials, but they are sodifferent m colors and combinationsof colors that they do not seem thesame 'old materials. The one illustrated here 'is very simple, and absolutely irresistible. The collar ischarmingly draped, the yoke effectgives so becoming a line, that oneis tempted to say, "This is my ideal.".HM UsCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thejdisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutional'conditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine Is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one. of the best physicians in this country for years. It Is 'composed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined with some of thelbest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients in'Hall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in4 catarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)m mTHE MOVIES.I now am a regular movie fan;I eat it, dreani it, blab it,I'm not the same old fort of ajnanSince I have formed the habit.I babble about the movie reel,And erossiD of the fillum:feel iThat I should up and kill '5Ve ftwftllow Bfiipper eve- if'Ai&d hurry, hn" tfXJr9io get xo ftt nmi an rJglitd OUr h Snfet Vbrry.rWe're fctteft u Ml of Bushman dope,Ancl daSb't has us dizzy:WfeaB no time to grouch or mope,We are too doggone, busy.K in laFREQUENTLY WORDS PAIN MORETHAN BLOWS.(New York Sun.)"A man may inflict extreme cruelty, not by blows upon his wife, butby his actions, which may strikedeeper than the blow. Cruelties canconsist not alone of blows, but by thelash of the tongue which can inflicta greater sting than the blow from,any strong arm."This statement was made recentlyby Justice Joseph Morschauser in theSupreme Court at White Plains dur-1ing the trial of the suit for a separation brought by Mrs. Anna F. Meadagainst her husband, Lawrence J:Mead, on the ground that he not'alone abandoned her, but treated her)cruelly. v. Mrs. Mead told how her 'husbandhad taunted her about Ihe girls hehad met and said that he believedevery man should have a harem. Thistestimony is what brought out themeaning of cruelty as defined by Justice 'Morschauser. Mr. "and Mrs."Msad-JMM.Wnv.Bsarrittd t fourteen.yaars and 'aav .tejOT. '-X biauty specialist freuenUy etcounters hard timea, .J mil $Mkii H 7-n-" lf f I iJLow RoundVIALouisville & Nashville Railroad'ACCOUNTKentucky State FairLouisville, Sept. 10-15Better, Bigger and More Important Than Ever Before.$50,000 in Premiums.$10,000 Saddle Horse Event.,000 Exhibit for Best Display of Agricultural Products Grown in AnyOne County in 1917.For further particulars apply& Nashville Railroad, or addressAgeht, Louisville, Ky.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go,(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.rttmG. W.runeralCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 . Night Phones 293 or 9MAutomobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking.vui Tiuiuu-ojAAuwmuuneJohnson PJrst Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor- ( '"Jlsecured by us at great exDense) a resuscitating r ?rf JK.those annareritly dead from drowning, eras - :-- aevice iorrmovnivflv raar -fynm Htvnminv rnashock, collapse from anaeathasia, etc. ., poisoning, cicv hav ap xttiiwp -pu- . always ready for ser-HWU1UVMV1J UVMU.X1VIU U&WvniUUK, KM .jf" ? --J i-fliAiit. nbonr. 'mmammmmmmmmr- t-iffllllMMMtMMMtMMMMMMlI BourbonD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. J West 5 SbeetBourboDiPariLAvrt!wrA -,.r.. ,--. t.iu . ...iiw'-V(, -iTfj ' Ji'ui-'ni ,n'i Miff "Capt. T. J. Barnes' challenge, theworld so far on this year's crop, otsweet Mtatoee. He brought a aamPit to;tk:''oi"6dJayof ; a swiet ' potatorT jlajiSjat seea4w'imjJttae; tht waigei exaetlyt f a poond, yellW yam vaHty.Todd County Prnyrssa,- Trip Fares3e.-&to local ticket agents, Louisville-.R. D. Pusey, General Passenger(aug28-5t)W. H. CAIW OH ,Local Manager.AVISDirectorAinuuiance witn donnso7 r.us immediately when- arilprLaundrySatisfaction is OarfitchwordWith alfc tKe latest im-provementa-in laundryappliances- and experthelpers-we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage;ft? uOillJ 3.frri fiv fx-o,-hrs- -n'f-" --'ti ffUflw i'"fi it .in fisiTitLaundry-c)4.I"- sFRIDAY, SEPTBMW T, U1T.?' XT'!. -n-?iii-ff;fgsmsfgssmmBm?rxm"Babies' Health Contest DrasV I 1. &. -aveMothers to the State Fair&ourPOyeSioFor distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We (Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow BIdg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRAINJNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatron.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Yoif Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dliplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)1Bktr.WSSJM&kQsmik.Tnv:,zLi'MJmTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main StlThe Home of Gnd CmI-'cfSSiMfinBBiBBBIBBWBiiflt 'MmM B.jarj&&zm.WWttme&MiJMJm-i SS''' iBfciBSsSsSsSsSsBS BsSSk' 'v.s '"' v2ii7 BSK v - V-?1 uisSBBSVBSBr ?V,F '' MmmmmmmmmmmwWBBBamiiMmmif' 'SSaBBSBBBBBBBKfes-''''' ;sT'' "". BSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaHBBBHBraBfi BSBBki SBBlBSBBBSB&t - ' z BSBBBBBflBSBBBBBBBBBBBlBH&iuBBflBSBBSMalSBBBBV -- vSSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBKr MijHmssssisbbI ' HHHHHHHHHM .SSSSSSBBsSk .. asssssssssssssssssssssssssssssiBlsvJbBpPSBBBBBBBV' " - stv- y- SBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSIvw'-. BBBBBBBBB '"' w'''"vSSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBrjf JtsBBBBBBTV 'v SBBBBBBBBBBBBBBhBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBS'a3rc&i& ' SBSBSBr a '' SSBsBsBsBBBsBsBsBSESBBSBSBSBSksVSBSSBBBBBf -a vr. ..''...'' SBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBar BBBBBBBfiBBBKBSSSSSf N- -t- vC-SiBBBBBBBBSSBSSBSSSl psBBtSBBBv -SBBMfc.. a 1BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBmt V "VBBBB? ' BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBkV 11 AJ ca"" 'BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBi l . ICOMMISSIONER COHEN ANDYou would guard your baby withyour life, but how much better toguard it with your brain. One millionbabies are now entering on their firstsummer, and one out of every fifteenof these will die, according to medicalstatistics, from heat, poor nourishmentand the wrong clothes.V Do you wantyour baby to be one of the fifteen? Ifnot, learn how to keep your little onefrom heat suffering, from the wrongfood and from clothes that sap its little strength.Through the examinations, mentaland physical, the scoring of points bothgood and bad, the scientific object lessons and reading matter provided bythe Babies' Health Contest at the Kentucky State Fair, which will be heldthis year the week of Sep. 10, thousands of mothers are enabled to judgejust what dangers are threatening theirbabies, just what Ills to remedy andjust how to keep them yn prime condition. If you had a hog, a horse or cow youwould learn and know something ofIts care, because it is valuable. Isn'tyour baby worth more than horse orcow or pig? is the query of those interested in the promotion of scientificbaby care. They argue that, no matter how lovely, how dimpled, how pinkDROPPING BOMBS.The Germans have apparentlytaken the lead in the scientific phasesof bomb-dropping from aeroplanes.According to reports from abroad, arecently captured German plane included an elaborate instrument foraiming the bomb in such a way thatit would strike 'any given object onthe ground below. The essentialfeatures of the device were a telescope so adjusted that it swung always perpendicular to the ground,and a prismatic reflector whichbrought the country ahead of the lineof flight into the field of vision. Bythe use of these two instruments, andby allowing for a altitude as determined by a barometer, the weight ofthe bomb, which fixed its speed ofdent's note from any of the Aliies.)plane, which could- be determinedfrom the speed of the engine andthe resistance of the wind, the aviator could release his bomb in such away as to strike close to any givenobjective.1 ?S'EXPERIENCE IS THE BESTTEACHER - .It is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore to be depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.' (sept-adv)MANY TOBACCO BUYERS IN THEHELD.A large number of tobacco buyershave been visitors among the tobaccomen f Bourbon county recently, inspecting the crops and figuring withthe growers.It is reported that few, if anycrops have been sold in this manner,however, but the prices offered havebeen good. All indications are thattobacco men will demand a good pricethis season, and it is expected thatthe markets will be opened on asgood or better prices than it openedwith last season.Bi Ift IBOne of the best grades of Italiancheese is seasoned four years beforebeing-eaten. -We thought so!Moet "married .men growl just toPRIZE CUP AND BABY.and white and sweet it is, there maybe disease or deformity lurking underthis beauty, and this is an evil ofwhich j'ou should be forewarned.Up to date mothers throughout Kentucky are not only entering this contest to find out about their babies, butare coming back year by yearvto markthe progress this knowledge has giventhem and the improvement it has madein their children.The contest this year, which Is under the supervision of Mrs. John L.Woodbury, will be -marked by a number of innovations, among which willbe an elaborate display of knittedgoods for babies and the giving awayof patterns for these articles to themothers desiring them.Another attractive feature will bethe spectacular parade which will finalthe baby contest. This parade will bearranged as a beautiful spectacle Inthe Hippodrome pa.vilion'and will showevery little tot entered in the contestto the greatest advantage.Entrance to the Babies' Health Contest is free and is;oj)en to babies between twelve and thirty-six monthsthroughout the state of Kentucky.For catalogue or information addressFount T. Kremer, Secretary KentuckyState Fair, Suit G04 Republic Building,Louisville, Ky.THE TEST THAT TELLSIs The Test of Time Many ParisPeople Have Made This Test.Years ago this Paris citizen told ina public statement, the benefit derived from Doan's Kidney Pills. Thestatement is now confirmed the testimony complete. Instances like thisare numerous. They doubly prove themerit of Doan's Kidney Pills. Canany Paris reader demand more convincing proof? It's Paris testimonyit may be investigated.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenth St.,(Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at tiroes I was nervous. My kidneys were weak and inactive. Doan's Kidney Pills made mewell."'Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes, when I find "it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble now as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers.- Don'tsomply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman has twice publicly recommended. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, 'N. Y. (adv)1st m sMARRIED.When a girl marries and enters intoa strange environment she is confronted with a trying task. The exjerience of Marjorie Wilde is so comprehensively described by TheodoreDreiser in "Married" in SeptemberCosmopolitan that every reader willappreciate it with sympathetic understanding. Theodore Dreiser s the author of"The Genius," oue of the best sellingnovels in the past ten years a noyelthat created world-wide comment "forits daring discussion of the artistictemperament.This is Mr. Dreiser's first appearancejn Cosmopolitan, and he has given itThis best work.The story is profusely illustratedby Howard Chandler Christy.George Whitt, the sweet potatoking of Crittenden county, was herelast week collecting barrels andother packages to ship his crop inwhen it is dug.He has five acres, "'usually raises1,0.00 barrels or about 200 bushels tothe acre. Mr. Whitt says the oldtheory of poor ground for sweet'' potatoes is not correct. He thinks thebetter, the ground the better the potatoes and. the bigger the yield.'HLcrittenflen Recprd-Herald.Fisi?iyireyiyTyTiriI - RALPH WNICHl "r'jov uPaige cars have long since demonstrated their independence of all"price fields'American men and women now buy a Paige not because of the pricetag which is attached to it but because of its well establishedreputation as a fine mechanical product.On this basis, the Paige will always represent a "preferred investment" -among motor cars. Its actual cost in dollars and cents will always. be an important, but an altogether secondary consideration.--- Note It is impossible for us to guarantee the following prices for any definite length of time 'Stratford "Six-5 1" seven-passenger $1595 SedanFairfield "Six-46" seven-passenger $1450 SedanLinwood "Six-39" five-passenger SI 260 Town CarBrooklands "Six-51" four-passenger $1795 LimousineDartmoor ' 'Six-39 ' 2 or 3 -passenger $ 1 260Paige-DetroitQQDDDD0DQOQ0DQQ0QDOQDQDQQQQQDDQOODQQQDDQQQDQllMMilJLMAN'S DUTY IS TO KEEP HT.The greatest problem you will havetn Cnlira twill Via Vlof nf mnlrinrr trnno ',j uuiiv iiiu uj vucxi ui iuaaiU5 jruuibody do the work required. Some menhave to leave the training camps because they are not in the proper physical condition to go on with the work,says the Plattsburg Manual.If you have not a pair of sensiblemarching shoes (tan hightops, nohooks on them) get a pair. Theseshoes should be considerably largerthan a pair of office shoes.Walk to and from your business.Take every opportunity to get out inthe country where the air is pure.Fill your lungs full. Get into thehabit of taking deep breaths now andthen. Don't make this a task, butsurround is with pleasantries. Getsome delightful companion to walk fwith you. Walk vigorously. ' Letdown on your smoking. Better toleave it alone for a while. You willenjoy the air. Deep breathing seemsto be more natural.Make it a work for your country.View it in that light. If you are notgoing to be called upon to undergocruel hardships and physical strain ofsome campaigns, your son will beandyou can be of great help to him bybeing fit yourself.?a feKAILR0ADS WILL BE BUSYTRANSPORTING TROOPSReuorts from all sources indicatean augmented car supply. The creditfor this is, not altogether due therailroads the shippers are doingtheir part in handling equipmentpromptly and in loading it to full capacity. With the people behind themthe railroads are able to show resultsnever before obtained.The railroads must within the next30 days moye 687,000 men of the regular army and 350,000 men of theNational Guard to their varioustraining camps. Some idea of thistask may be -had when It is understood that to move merely one fieldarmy of 80,000 men, 6,229 cars madeup into 366 trains with 366 locomotives and train crews, are required.While these troops are being movedthe .transportation of commercialfreight, war supplies and passengersmust be performed.At Louisville cantonment' alone therailroads have delivered from June26th to August 23rd, 1,477 cars oflumber and 512 cars miscellaneousfreight, a total of 1,989. This 2,475acres of farm lands haVe within something over two months been transformed into a city of comfortablebuildings, sewerage, electric lights,telephone exchanges tand splendidroads that will shortly house 41,500soldiers.lz Every possible effort is being made JCZeaUi"Six-39""Six-51""Six-5 1"' 'Six-5 1 "f . o. b.tinI lar ifipHMotor Car Company, Detroit, Michigan.r. P. WHITEWith Diclcersotafib DouelasGaraee, 4th and Hisjfa. Sta.SERVICE STATIONOld- Jupiter Pluviustakesfiendish delight in ruiningpoorly protected buildings. Atevery little crack br bare spotin the paint, the rain soaks inand spreads rot through the wood.To last, your buildings must be as waterproof as astaunch boat. They will be, if well coated with paintmade of Dutch Boy White-Lead thinned with purelinseed oil. Such paint gives a smooth, weatherproofsurface that will not crack or scale. It gives beauty,also. - .Before the next rainp call on us about painting and!painting materials. We expect you. If you can't call,'phone or write.C. A. DAUGHERTYA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40to increase the movement of "coal.In June the railroads were able tohandle 26 per cent, more than inJune last year. This was done withan increage of only ,3 per cent, incars and less than pjje-half- of oneper cent, in locomotrvesr , - .mertca-Jfive-passenger $1875seven-passenger $2400seven-passenger $2850seven-passenger $2850DetroitParis, Ky"-?v5Dutch BoyAnchorl - rWhite-Leadmay both derivesatisfactionsJ m "!by having their worn and ioild, - .garments cleaned by us. Tbtcost is nominal, while the pie a " -ureof wearing old clothe that I. have the appearance of new,in-conjunction with the knowledge"' J"that you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy youl- 5A phone brings ua. ;GLEANERHome Phone 1692People like to hear W rfhrntiBKbecause they usually talk abotitv'themselves.If a boy-, earns 10 cents" hi ,wiir "it; he is not willing, to truat tktjrSSest man alive.i' z --sfc4 . - -a -C 7 - . ? "V -J .k-2S1 ".-r-iL'jr-'f'rM,?4-jESkeep from forgetting iior. "-J. . - o " . J-. - -J f "5t -" Pr' - -JT . ""! "V a i ZT-T '. A "I t J J. T -Or "- Mil -4 "7'i-C-myv 5 -" s-VA -t ff TmIkwij533ESEM11.SflmJ1 ."J; . .MILLSRSBURGMrs. Belle Taylor continues aboutie same.Mr. Harry Roche left Mondayr Virginia, to enter V. M. I.Mrs. Henry Hoy, of Waldron,Ind., is the guest of Mrs. R. L. Wilson. Mr. Edward Hurst left Mondayfor a week's visit with Aaron Rice,at Hutchison.r' The Millersburg Graded Schoolwill open Monday, and the M. C. thefollowing Thursday.Born, on Monday, to the wife ofMr. Tom Stone, a handsome ten andone-half pound son.Mrs. A. G. Cox and little son, ofTilton, are guests of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry Patterson.Mrs. Robert Wilson and two children, of Newport, are guests of hermother, Mrs. Amanda Mastin.Miss Nancy Whaley left Mondayto resume her duties as instructor inthe Graded School at Louisville.Miss Dorothy Peed will leaveSunday to resume her duties in agraded school at Birmingham, Ala.Mrs. G. W. Judy left Mondayfor a week's visit to her brother, Mr.J. B. Ingels, and family, at Eminence.Rev. A. O. Farrel, a returnedmissionary from Africa, was the guestof Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd, Monday.MrsRussell Mitchell has returned after a week's visit to her daughter, Mrs. L. T. Vimont, at Newport.Mrs. WJ. L. Grover and littledaughter, of Sardis, are guests of hercousin, Mrs. A. T. Maffett, and otherrelatives.Mrs. Elizabeth Powling returnedSunday after a week's-' sojourn at Cincinnati, where she underwent medical treatment.Mrs. K. B. Htchlngs has returned to her home at Lexington, afterspending a few days with lier mother,Mrs. Belle Taylor, and family.Mrs. Minnie Hurst and daughter,Miss Emile Hurst, left Monday for a-week's visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Edward Cochran, of Elizaville.Mrs. W. R. Metcalf, little son,Richard, and daughter, Alma, havereturned after a two-months' visit toher sister, Mrs. A. C. Strode, atChester, Montana.Mr. John Snell Berry, of Berry,is the latest to Matriculate as a student at the Millersburg Military Institute. Mr. Berry was accompaniedhere by his mother, Mrs. NormaBerry-Mrs. Jennie Throckmorton, ofCincinnati, left Monday for a visit tolelatives at Mt. Olivet, after spending. ar few days with her sister-in-law,Mrs. Martha Vimont, and Miss Florence Vimont.Mr. J. B. Vimont returned Saturday from Crab Orchard Springs,where he has held the position asclerk during the season. Notwithstanding the war times and highprices he says the season was a pronounced success.The Taylor House, wThich hasbeen operated for a number of yearsby Mrs. Belle Taylor and daughtersas a boarding house closed its doorsto the traveling public Monday, onaccount of the serious illness of Mrs.Taylor. During the greater part ofthe time the house was under themanagement of Miss Mary Taylor andher widowed sister. Mrs. Emma T.Long. The service given by theseladies was unsurpassed by any boarding house in Kentucky. Mrs. Taylorhas passed four scoie years and issuffering with a malady from whichshe can never recover.Little Miss Esther Tarr, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Tarr, metwith a painful accident Tuesdaymorning, near the home of Mr. G. L.Hill. While in her buggy her horsebecame frightened, overturning thebuggy, and dragging her for aconsiderable distance before the animal could be stopped. She was takenat once to the office of Dr. C. B.Smith, where it was found her rightleg was broken near the ankle. Thebroken member was at once set, after which she was taken to hercountry home and is as comfortableas circumstances will permit.IQ te fcaASSIGNED TO BOURBON.. The Maysville Independent says:"There were very few changes madein the revenue assignments of Maysville men-for this month. The onlylocal man sent away from home wasMr. B. B. Pollitt, who was assignedto duty at a Paris dibtillery."117.1 .1"'r?wiimotn sSalt-Rising-. Bread!Angel FoodCake!r-isDon't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376-. STOCK, CROPT ETC.-The Federal Government has requested Kentucky to increase herwheat crop to 98 per cent.Hon. Johnson N. Camden, of Versailles, sold 100 bushels of Irishpotatoes to Versailles dealers at ?1per bushel.Elsworth Dunn, ct Grat county,purchased of Reynolds Letton, of nearParis, a six-months-old Shorthornbull calf for $125.- Wm. Cheek, of Montgomerycounty, bought of Will Whaley, ofParis, twenty-five head of 800-lb.feeding cattle at $5 per cwt.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,bought from Ray Moss, of Madisoncounty, 23 head of 1,250 pound cattle at $10 per hundred pounds.John Marshall, of Harrisoncounty, sold a big bunch of feedingcattle to Wm. A. Thompson, of nearNorth Middletown, for a privateprice.Ray Moss, of Danville, sold anddelivered to Caywood & McClintock,of Paris, this week, twenty-threehead of 1,250-lbcattle at ten centsper pound.A sale of Shorthorns was recently held at Columbus Grove, Ohio,by men comparatively new in thebusiness that was a great success,and resulted in fifty-four head averaging $348.Letton Vimont, of near Paris,bought from N. W. Rogers, of PaintLick, the chestnut walking horseBlondie, for which he paid $500.It is said that this horse is one of thebest walking horses in the country.This week the Talbott Bros., ofnear Colville, sold to Mclntyre &Moffett, of Millersburg, twenty-onebaby beeves that averaged 1,290pounds. The price was eleven cents,making a total of $2. 979. 90, an average of $141.90. This is considered bystock men as being one of the bestloads of two-year-old cattle that hasgone out of Kentucky.Mr. Reynolds Letton made thefollowing sales recently of sheep: 25head of yearling bucks at $25 eachto Mclntyre, Caywood & Co., proprietors of the Blue Licks Cattle Company; three buck lambs at $25 eachand 20 ewes at $15.50 each to BurrisBros., of near Little Rock; forty-oneextra good ewes to Montgomerycounty parties at $16 each.A record sale of cattle was maderecently when Elgin and WallerSharp, of Bath county, sold to HenryS. Caywood, purchasing agent forArmour & Co., of Chicago, 260 headof fancy export cattle, for which thesum of $41,860 was paid. Thesesteers averaged 1,400 pounds andwere bought at $11.50 per hundredpounds. The cattle were deliveredand shipped this week to the Eastern markets.Ea tsi ISKENTUCKY CANNERS IN NATIONAL SHOW CONTEST.WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 6.The Kentucky State Fair, which willbe held at Louisville the week 01September 9 to 15, 'has entered therace for one. of the prize rewards ofthe National Emergency Food Garden Commission for the best exhibitof canned vegetables grown in wargardens.The application for the prizeawards, which consists of $5 and aNational Certificate of Merit, was recorded by Charles Lathrop Pack,President of the Commission, withhundreds of other applications beingreceived from .all sections of the'country. The Commission will awardone thousand of these prizes.Much attention is to he given tothe canning exhibit at the KentuckyFair. The National League for Women has secured a large space at thefair for the purpose of demonstratingits activities, principally cannedfoodstuffs. fc. Miss Helen Fitz Randolph, in a letter to the Commission writes: "Wcwill have exhibits from Lexington.Frankfort, Bowling Green, Elizabethtown and Owensboro, showing fruitand, vegetables, preserved canned,iammed. jellied, marmaladea andotherwise perpetuated for a waitingworld, according to instruction primers and other helpful literature supplied by the National EmergencyFood Garden Commission."The National League for Women'sService, which is co-operating withthe Commission in all parts of thecountry, is doing great work in encouraging intensive canning of foodstuffs. The Service has adopted asits slogan "Every time you can, canyou Kelp to can the Kaiser.""CAMOUFLAGE" STEAMSHIP TOESCAPE "SUB" DETECTION.To disguise steamships or givethem low visibility an interesting experiment in marine painting is being made off the Bay Ridge district inBrooklyn. There a British steamship is being done over with alternating stripes of black and gray, eachabout four feet wide. Passengersaboard ferryboats have been watching the transformation and notingthe difference in the distance atwhich they can desert the vessel inits new camouflage. The smokestack is painted in squares and thehull in stripes.m m 1The matrimonial slacker probablyprefers to encounter the ills he.knows than, fly to those he knowsnot of.W -. T .-.www vwwjwwjr .lTi . t:t"1: r 7 ziMATRIMONIAL,jfA marriage license jvas issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. WillardRiggs and Miss Lena Hughes, bothof this county.A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. , butjust below the entry in the marriagebondbook appears the notation,"Please Don't Publish." It may bethat in the not very distant future,when the contracting parties havebecome used to traveling in doubleharness, and have overcome theirshyness, the names may be made public. No guesses allowed at present!1 TSKEEP STOCK OFF RAILROADRIGHT-OF-WAY.Mr. J. A. Morrison, of Paris, Superintendent of this Division of theLouisville & Nashville railroad, hasissued the following ciruclar letter,in which he points out how thousandsof dollars worth of valuable livestock can be saved each year:To Owners of Live Stock, TownOfficers, Newspaper Editors and Employes of This Company:Do you know that thousands ofhorses, mules, cattle, hogs and sheepare killed annually by railway trainsin this country, and that this economic waste approximating manymillions of dollars can be reduced?The thousands of horses and mulesthat are killed every year would fillthe artillery requirements of manyregiments, and the thousands of cattle, hogs and sheep that are killedevery year would provide meat forthousands of soldiers.Anyone who aids in preventing theloss of even one animal serves hiscountry patriotically and effectually. r.This economic waste can be reduced by owners of stock keeping theiranimals in fenced enclosures and notpermitting their stock to roam atlarge on railroad right-of-way; townofficers passing and enforcing ordinances prohibiting the practice ofpermitting stock to roam at large;roadmasters and. section men makinga personal appeal to the owners ofstock to keep their a.iimals in fencedenclosures; engineers taking everyprecaution within their power toavoid striking stock and never failing to report stock seen .on right-of-way;section men driving stock offright-of-way, keeping farm gatesclosed, and fences and cattle guardsin good repair; giving preference tolocations where liabilities of stockgetting on right-of-way is greatest;newspaper editors presenting this important matter to the public throughthe press; everyone making a persistent, personal effort to bring aboutdesired results.The co-operation of all concernedwill be thoroughly appreciated.J. A. MORRISON, Supt.5S TQ 1551MORGAN'S MEN IN REUNION.At the fifteenth annual reunion ofthe Morgan's Men Association, whichbegan at Olympian Springs, Wednes,day, forty-nine old soldiers, barehp.arJfid. stood at attention as the, - -Dana piayeu otai opuugicu uauuci,and pledged their allegiance to theAmerican government, the one whichthey fcjught so valiantly many yearsago. The morning session was devojed mainly to perfecting the organization, to the singing of old armysongs and the later day patrioticones, and to getting themselves togetherT At the. election of officers for the'coming term, held at the afternoonsession, Dr. John A. Lewis, of Georgetown, was elected president for lifeby a rising vote; Capt. Steve G.Sharp, of Covington, first vice-president;W. H." Robb, of Helena, second vice-president, and P. H. Lee,chaplain. Captain W. J. Stone, ofFrankfort, presented an invitationfrom the city of Louisville invitingthe Association to meet in that citynext year.fe la EaFIRST MAP OF ARMY CAMPS.A timely advertisement is beingdistributed by the Southern RailwaySystem in the form of a booklet showing the location of all army, navy andmarine corps contonments, camps andstations in the territory traversed bythat line. A large map of the Southern States shows where theee pointsare located and theii proximity . torailroad lines. Each point is numbered and at the bottom of the map isa key indicating the name of thecamp and the nature of service. Inaddition, there are Individual maps ofthe more important camps, in whichsuch local features as rivers, highways and all transportation lines areshown. Of the 31 sites' selected forthe occupancy by Uncle Sam's fighting forces in the territory between theOhio River and the Gulf of Mexico,between the Atlantic Ocean and theMississippi River, a large majorityare reached directly by the SouthernRailway System. Those desiring a.copy of the booklet are invited to ap- jply to B. N. Aiken, General Passenger ,Agent, Cincinnati, O. - !fe 1 1 !"Haste makes waste" is the oldmotto, but a lazy cne. You've got tohurry to kep up.lea to m -All the fun of staying out-late atnight is lost when there's nobody atAll the fun of staying out -late athome to make a fuss about it.f-A. At A A A A A A 4Ptt. Jk"Abirths;At Taylorsville, to the wife ofMr. Leslie Insko, formerly MissBeulah Ashcraft, of Paris, a son,first-born, weight eight pounds.News has been ieceived here ofthe birth of a daughter to Lieut.Allen Ashbrook, U. S. N., and Mrs.Ashbrook, at the Good SamaritanHospital in Lexington. The littlenewcomer has been named Mary Warfield Bennett, for her grandmother,Mrs. Samuel Bennett.Lieut. Ashbrook is a sonof the lateMr. T. Earl Ashbrook, of Paris, aprominent member ui the Bourboncounty bar.1 aThe fact that silence is golden mayhave something to do with dumb luck.tMfr.H'4"I"I"I''M"I''H'i4 Ifmvvww 1Now is the Time toPack Your Eggs for f:Winter Use.Use Silicate of Soda(Liquid Water Glass)The best proportion isone part of the Water Glassto from ten to twelve partsof recently boiled water.Boil the water, let it cool,then add the water glass.Mix it well with the water.You may then place theeggs in the solution. Youdo not have to put all theeggs that you want to keepin the solution at one time,as you can keep adding eggsas j 01 get them fresh.We can furnish you withthe liquid water glass inany quantities at the following prices:Pint. -Quart.20c.35cSpecial price in larger quan-a tities.I BROOKS & SNAPPI DRUG COMPANYJ The Penslar Store. ft Cut out this ad and pre-I serve for future reference. !Final Clearance1Prices Cut Deep onMen's, Women's and Children'sSUMMER FOOTWEARmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwammmmmammmKmamtmEmphatic reductions on every pair of shoes in the house.We must unload. Prices marked so low not' a pair wiM remain unsold. Be here this week without fail and buyTwo and Three JPairs for the Former Price of One!:Ladies'Black Kid Low andPumps, $3.50, sale priceLadies'13.00,Ladies'$4.00,Ladies'$3.50,Ladies'$3.00broken size Oxfordssale price . . '.Kid Shoes, buttonsale priceWhite Sea Island Canvas Boots,sa'e price $2.45Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,and $3.50, sale price $"1 .45STYLISH FALL FOOTWEAR ARRIVING DAILYBoys', Misses' and Children'sSCHOOL SHOESAt bargain Prices!j . p c? CUna Q4aJ rflllS AJre&ieSt .01106 OlOieftemme Tells, TrueStorymfmm)Superior FeaturesDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Eeducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety Levers' Take up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle. Hangersf mNot necessary to strip axle inC. S. BALL GARAGEGar. Fourth and Pleasant S .Even Sowing Means Even GrowingSALEHigh HeelMen's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bustonians, $4.50, sale price..$3.49Men's Tan and. Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,and Shoes, $5.00, sale price. ...... $3.45$2.45and Pumps$ .99-and lace,$2,99!KMen's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price.... $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,sale price $1 .99DAN COHENcase of accidental breakage.::iWhere Beauty and Economy Reign--- " - - ' '1. S- rV '.-"J 4.Jzr-zrh?k&&: