J. 4THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND . FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEERUARY 16, 1917.American Ship Sunk By Submarine.Captain and Crew Were Landed. GermanAgents Reported Active in Mexico.Important War News Told InShort Bulletins From Associated Press Reports.-LONDON. Feb. 15. The Americanschooner Lyman M. Yaw was sunk bya submarine on Monday, according toa dispatch from the Sefani agency ofXome. The crew, including eightAmericans, is reported to have beenlanded. The Lyman M. Law, CaptainChatfield, was last reported on he"departure from Stockton, Maine, forPalermo, Sicily. She was owned bythe Benedict-Manson Company, of NewHaven, Conn. Her gross tonnage was1,300. Sthe was built in 1890 at WestHaven, Conn.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. Suspicionthat German agents are promotingactivities in Mexico which might develop into a flank move against theUnited States if this nation becomesinvolved in war with Germany is increasing. For several days there have beenpersistent reports of the activitiesat German military officers and secret agents in Mexico. It is believed that unusual considerations influftneed Carranza to place himself inthe ludicrous attitude of disregardingttue anarchy of his own land, theslaughter of Americans, and the destruction of American property, whilepreaching peace and brotherly love iaISurope.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. A bill di'roeted against ruthless submarinewarfare and proposing to open the7rts, harbors and waters of the United States in time of war to warshipsor vessels of belligerents againstwhom such warfare is waged was introduced by Senator Saulsbury, of Delxware, president pro tempore of theSenate and a member of the ForeignRelations Committee. At his requestit was referred to the committee.Other Senators pointed out that thpbill would .permit the United States togive aid to the Entente Allies as Ionsas the German submarine campaignis maintained, without any further action by Congress, giving the Presidentaatibority to use armed, forces of theNation to protect American seamenxnd property on the seas.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. Establishment of a submarine training base inLos Angeles harbor and of a submarine war operating base at San Diegois. recommended in a report of thespecial navy commission, headed byHear Admiral Helm, made public byta-e Navy Department.The commission recommends acceptance of "site No. 1" offered free ofcost to the government by the cityof Los Angeles. The plant there, the?eport says, should be used perraaventb as a training base for at leastnineteen submarines, and for operations in time of war.For the San Diego base the commission proposes setting aside a portionof the existing naval reserve as .isite.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. In a farewell statement before leaving for NewYork to sail homeward aboard theScandinavian steamship FrederickEighth, Count von Bernstorff expressed the hope tihat war between the"United States and Germany might beaverted and friendly relations soon reestablished. Elaborate precautionshave been taken to protect Count voaBernstorff during the trip and afterhis arrival in New York.WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 15.Seventeen members of the crew of theWhite Star line steamer Afric arcmissing as a result of the destructionof the vessel by a submarine. Thehlric was of 11,999 tons. Two othervessels, the British steamer Foreland.1,160 tons, and the Norwegian motorVessel West, are reported to have beensent to the bottom.WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15. Ina raid across the border by Mexicansnear Hachita, N. M., three Mortnonsare said to have been killed and several Mexican ranch hands and supplies were captured, according to a report received at El Paso.WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15. Aninquiry concerning the detention byGermany of the seventy-two Americanseamen brought in by the prize ship'Yarrowdale, was dispatched to Berlin,iweliminary to more vigorous action5f the men are not immediately released. BERLIN Feb. 15, (via London) .Itis absolutely denied here that Germany in a note to the United Statesor through other mediums, is Inviting suggestions for the avoidance ofactual war. It is reiterated that theImperial Go eminent is not premi.ting doubts in any quarters regarding the position actively assumed inihe U-boat warfare, and that therecan be no talk or thought of recea--sionfrom the programme alreadyeing carried out.WASHINGTON. Feb. 15. Thesteady accumulation of violations ofAmerican risjbts by Germany made Itamar probable Wednesday that PreSTwilso goon would go beforeCMmi to a amtkority for further3Steg Hes ad wtonxty, withoutwaiting for a serious disaster whichmight shock the country.However, it again was stated authoritatively that he would move deliberately and with full appreciation of alltihe consequences involved.Official reports of the sinking of theAmerican schooner Lyman M. Law inthe Mediterranean by an Austrian submarine added only slightly to the tension, for while the act is believed tohave been illegal, no lives were lostand the vessel apparently was warned.The incident was not looked upon asone in itself sufficient -to hurry the developments of the situation.BERNE, February 15. Christian :.Herter, formerly an attache of theAmerican Embassy in Berlin, but whowas loaned by Ambassador Gerard toBrand Whitlock, the American Minister in Belgium, has arrived in Berne,after having been arrested by a German petty official at Mayence and having been subjected to much annoyancein leaving Belgium.Mr. Herter said that he had appliedfor his passports February 5, but waskept waiting for them until February9. When he had to change trains atMayence he was seized and locked upfor most of the night. When he wasreleased, after repeated protests, hewas ordered to cross the boundary byS o'clock. This he said he did with1ihe cusomary difficulties at the frontier. WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 15. Carrying safe conducts from Great Britain and France for himself and party,Count von Bernstorff, the retiring German Ambassador to the United States,has started on his way for Berlin. A:'ter touching at Halifax for an examination of her cargo by the British authorities, the steamer Fredrick VII I,on which the Ambassador is a passenger, will sail for Copenhagen, whencethe party will make their way into Germany. WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15. TheChilean Government, in its reply tothe German note respecting new measures of submarine warfare, declaresthat such measures amount to a restriction of the rights of neutrals, towhich restrictions Oliile cannot agree., WASHINKTON, Feb. 15. Word hasbeen received here that Brand Whi;lock. American Minister to Belgium,has been ordered by the German authorities to lower the American flagover the American legation at Brussels. While the news aroused deep feeling in official quarters, and admittedlvadded to the tension of the situationwith Germany, it appeared doubtfulwihether there was ground for takingany action, as Mr. Whitlock, while inBelgium, has rractically only represented the American relief work. Theseat of the Belgium government nowis at Havre, France.I AMSTERDAM, 'Feb. 15. The LokalAnzeiger, of Berlin, expresses the hopothat cabled reports to the effect th?tAmerican merchantmen are sailing inJ defiance of the submarine blockadoare unfounded.' "The plan for such sailings," it says,"at the bottom amounts to nothingelse than most wickedly temptingGod."LEGISLATURE MEETS.With twenty-three members absentthe Kentucky General Assembly convened at noon at Frankfort, Wednesday, for the sole purpose of considering tax legislation. Three measures,drafted by the Tax Commission, namedby the Governor, following the adjournment at the last regular sessionof the Legislature, were introduced inthe House, and referred to the Committee on Taxation and Revenue. TheGovernor's message to the Legislaturewas read, and the House adopted a resolution endorsing the action of President Wilson in severing diplomatic relations with. Germany. The resolutionwas acted on by the Senate yesterday.PAY-DAY FOR COUNTYSCHOOL TEACHERS DELAYEDThe money for payment of the sixmonths' salary due the teachers of theBourbon County Schools, due in February, has not arrived, the cause of thedelay not being given out. Miss MabelBobbins, Superintendent of CountySchools, is expecting to hear something definite very soon from Fran'-c-fortWE'RE UP-TO-DATE.State Road Commissioner RodmanWiley has written to County Judgesadvising them that unless a county canshow good reasons why surveys havenot been made during the wintermonths, it is doubtful if any road plansfor 1917 work can be approved laicrthan April 15.This lets Bourbon county out, as allthe surveys have been made and approved and County Judge McMilfonand County Road Engineer Bedfor-1can "read their titles clear."SELLS SMALL FARM.Mr. Clarence Hough purchased ofMr. D. C. Lisle, tlie Sudduth farm, located on tlie Hill pike, near Cencerville, for $87 per acre. Possessionwill be giyen in March, when Mr.Hough will move to the" farm .to re-sWe.THE TOBACCO MARKET.Continued cold, accompanied by the; heavy snowfall of yesterday, a droptin prices, and the condition of the tobacco in barns, which is extremelydry and hard to handle, have all been"jwio iii v,u.usiii lug jrana maiivci lo laimcia ul me oiuitt, lius secureu ilurir-drop off considerably. Bare floors and ters at the Capitol Hotel, in Frauka street cleared of wagons, present a fort, where they will maintain headstriking difference to the situation of quarters during the special sessionseveral days ago. Indications ave which was convened there Wednesday,that receipts will again be light, yet a Signatures of over five hundredrise in temperature will put the farmers of Bourbon county, represeitproduct in handling condition, and re- ing the thinking element of the agriceipts will begin to pour in again. Iculturists, have been secured to petiI jtions recently circulated in the countBOURBON WAREHOUSE TUES by representatives of the TaxpayersI DAY FEB. 13. League. The greatest interest hasThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse been manifested in the outcome or theCompany sold Tuesday, 45,810 pounds tax fight at Frankfort, and frequentof tobacco for $8,660.72, an average of inquiries have beeri made of this18.90 per hundred pounds. Some av i office as to what is going on amongerages follow: the solons at Frankfort Among theSmith & Lake sold 4,590 poimds fori $1 021.91, average $22.26 per hundredpounds.Ward & Blankenship sold 4,630pounds for $951.78, average ?20.55.Leer & Banta sold 4,270 pounds for$839.73, average $19.66.Roseberry & Ritchie sold 4,260pounds for $801.31, average $18.81.Collins & Henry sold 2,725 poundsfor $514.51, average $18.88.Duncan & Son sold 2,795 pounds for$495.45, average $17.73.Collier & Bishop sold 6.510 poundsfor $1,174.66, average $18.04.J. H. Oollier & Son sold 2,595 .poundsfor $486.51, average $18.75.Lair & Case sold 3,035 pounds for$568.10, average $18.71.Haves Bros, sold 4,860 pounds for$903.18, average $18.58,Clav & Elam sold 2,160 pounds for$377.81, average $17.48. Judge of the Paris Police Court, sub-jject to the Democratic primary, onBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE, Saturday, Aug. 4.WEDNESDAY, FEB. 14. In asking the Democrats of Paris toThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse nno,r me wiUthis nomination. I anCompanv sold 12,985 pounds for $2 mdiu of the responsibilities the493.S5, an average of $19.20. Some offl;e !mP08es, amlr assure thf topcrop averages follow: that. sllou,d tl,e' favor, me Wlth lQA. O. Robinson sold 2,690 pounds for nomination, and later elect me to this$606 87 ave'ae $" 56 important position, that I will devoteMarshall & Moreland sold 4,550 W best efforts to the fair and imparpour;ls for $841.31,' average $18.49. tial conduct of sne.Wood & Monson sold 4 435 pounds ' J am no rving my first term as afor $818.07, average $18.44.' member of the Bourbon Fiscal Court.Dan Bashford sold 935 pound for$160.55, average $17.17.INDEPENDENT HOUSE THURS-DAY FEB 15 , annum lu iiiu&e ubimny uamutJU m uieThe Independent Tobacco WarF-,Parif,Police Curt and fe?1fat J J"house sold to-day a total of 25,920 resifei over the dutie f " Policepounds of tobacco at an average of urtJn SvIfiTr$17.86. The following are same of the g1"1 satisfactory to tn voters ofCr VraTg??,L ,., ooM , rJ I have affiliated with the Democratic9Q1 "JO oromira 1fi 5RBoardman & Beevins sold Bt205pounds for $1,119.81, average $17.8y tj xv Moin; ei,i 9 K7fl ...-. J11U1UC Ut illU U11U1 3V1U UfU I V JIUUUtlD&r $440.36, average $17.13.I Baldwin & Banta sold 3.530 poundse oooo m e-mnofor $6S2.79 average $19.62.I Tilford Hinkle & Son sold 2,360pounds for $435.94, average $18.47.I Faulconer & Cook sold 3,310 pound?for $637.97, average $19.27.BOURBON TOBACCO WAREWOUSETHRUSDAY FEB 15I The Bourbon Tobacco ' WarehouseCompany sold 45,895 pounds for $S548.78, an average of $18.62. Some ofthe crop averages follow:Wesselman & Cleveland sold lespounds for $402.05, average $20.46.Caldwell & Martin sold 2.550 poundsior oua.uo, average $iv.i&., Taorft1iSweeney Lt'S5 pounds,brolied on oharcoal-it's our soeclaltvfor ?801.21 average $19.61. . Everything else equally good. Open. 0A0 i -. o ' iu"uo lul1 Wyatt & Lowe sold 2,820 pounds for1 $465.22, average $17.99.Thompson & Gross sold 3340 poundsfor $655.20, average $19.61.'Mrs. S. Hedges & Small sold 5,035pounds for $884.77, average $17.57.Peterson & Alexander Bros., ofSteele's Ford, this county, delivered acrop or tooacco or iu,7&t pounus to or serious I'-jury by not taking thethe Cynthiana Tobacco Warehouse, street car, which was wrecked in Louwhich averaged $21.70 clear of expen-, isville. Monday, when a locomotieses, amounting to $2,233.73.K. OF P. CELEBRATION.Plans are progressing for a great drugstore for the car. She steDDed inmeeting of the Knights of Pythias at side to use the telephone pending thetihe Castle Hall of Rathbone Lodge No. arrival of the car, which passed just12, in this city, on the night of Thurs- as she stepped from the telephoneday. Feb. 22, Washington's Birthday, booth. Mrs. Handley took the nextThe occasion will be one of the very car and came up to the railroad crossgreatest importance to the members ing in time to see the dead and woundof the order, as it marks two events ed being carried from the very carin its history the fifty-third anniver- on which but for a stroke of real goodsary, and the fortieth anniversary of luck, she would have been a passenthe beneficiary department. ger. Miss Nora McDermott, sister ofAn interesting program will be ren- Mrs. Handley, intended to catch thodered. Past Grand Chancellor R. A. same car, to pay her sister a visit,Young, of Winchester, has been invi:- and while waiting at the street cored, and has signified his acceptance of ner, decided to go by another route,the invitation, to make the principal she, too. would probably have beenaddress of the evening. There will one of the victims. In a letter to heralso be a few musical selections, in ad- brother, Mr. John R. McDermott, localdition to the ritualistic work of the . manager of the Postal TelegraphThird Rank. I office, Mrs. Handley gives a graphicRatihbone now has a membership of account of the accident and the sightsnearly three hundred, and it is hoped she saw. Both Mrs. Handley and Missthat this Homecoming or Gettogether McDermott are congratulating themmeeting will bring out every member selves that the vijl-fated car passedin the county. Remember the date, them by. In the wreck that followedThursday, February 22. ' the collision between the car and thei Here in this State the Knights ofPythias maintain one of tlie finestHomes in the world for the orphaned( children of their deceased members.'Nearly one hundred children, not themere wards or cnanty, out tne Dene -ficiaries of the order, are being caredror anu eaucatea at tnis home, mo purchased of Mr. Carter N. Martin, ofinstitution is located at Lexington, and stony Point, this county, his farm cfjit is worth tho time and trouble for twenty-eight acres, located on the Winany person, whether a member of the cnester pike, for about $300 per acre.I order or not, to visit the place. It will The pla(;e is well improved and! has agive them a keener insight into the suustantial brick dwelling, large towork being done by the Kinghts of bacco barn frame store house, etc. Mr.Pythias for God and Humanity. InlMann bought tihe property as an lnthat place nearly a hundred or-,vestment; and wni get posseslon-onphan children are being tenderly car-;Maroll 1 Mr Martin will dispose ol,ed for and educated, who woald other- hig genenii merchandisintT basineewise toaY been thrown upon their own jand will pcabablyr-move to Paris to re-j esowrces in the world. sje -tjTAX LEAGUE CAMPINGAT FRANKFORT.The Kentucky Taxpayers' League,which was recently brought into beinat Winchester, for the purpose ofequalizing the tax burdens of themembers of the League who have beenat Frankfort recently looking over thesituation were Messrs. Thos. Biggerstaff, Henry V. Thompson, Nelson Gay.James H. Thompson, Claude Williams,Lester Witherspoon, Col. English, MrKnox and Mr. Worthington.A call has been issued by theLeague for a meeting of the thirty organizations composing the State Cham-I ber of Commerce to meet in Frankfortnext Tuesday for the consideration of(the tax bills now before the Legisla-ture.A CARD FROM MR.ERNEST MARTIN.TO THE VOTERS OF P.ARIS:I desire to announce to the Democrats of Paris that I have decided tomake the race for the nomination ofUBI"e luabiiaie irwn uie ransprecinct, and in the discharge of theduties of this office I have gained valu-a.bl experience in trying out casesparty since arriving at toy majority.,1. mB nf ,hmtor? in furthering the interests ofthe Democratic nominees at all times.It is my purpose to make an active1 e xi.i if. ,.XiS'V " f mmauon, 'endeavor to see every voter m Pansbefore the election in August Until Ican present .toy claims in person. I respectfully ask the voters in general toI not pledge themselves in this race.Assuring1 them tihat I expect to landthis nomination and assist next Novem-m election of every Democraticnominee by sweeping majorities, I beglu ruiucimRespectfully,ERNEST MARTIN.(It)OUR "SPECIAL" A WINNER.fpho nnl nlnp : trm.n t of QfonT.,day and night, tooA'HERN & BURTON.(13-2t) Tenth and Pleasant Sts. IFORTUNE FAVORS FORMER PARIS PEOPLE.By the merest chance, or good luck.as it may be termed, two former resi-dents of Pnc? were saved from deathcrashed into itMrs. John P. Handlev, formerly Mis 4Theresa McDermott of Paris, had beenwaiting on a street corner near aengine, seven were killed and thirty-one seriously injured.SELLS FARM.j Mr oiia.rles P. Mann, of Paris, amemoer 0f the Paris Realty Co., hasDIRECTORS OF ALEXANDER BANK AGAINMADE DEFENDANTSSuit was filed in the office of CircuitClerk Wm. H. Webb, Tuesday, againstthe Board of Directors of the collapsedGeorge Alexander State Bank, in liquidation. The suit was filed by Mr. Edward B. Sparks, of Bourbon county,and is similar to the one filed a fewweeks ago by Mr. J. A. Wilson, ofParis.Mr. Sparks says that about January8, 1914, he had on deposit about $15,000, and that George Alexander, acting for tiie bank, agreed to pay him cixper cent, interest if he would allowthe money to remain as a time deposit,to which the plaintiff agreed, receiving a note bearing six per cent, interest for the ajmount. The plaintiff asksfor judgment in the sum of $18,243.33.less an amount received by him fromthe State Banking Commissioner incharge of the liquidation of the bank.The directors named in the suit areJ. W. Bacon, W. W. Mitchell, John M.Brennan, Harry B. Clay and E. Pdaybreak.INDICTMENTS HINTED ATIN NEWSPRINT CASE.Federal investigation of the newsprint paper situation has uncoveredenough evidence, it was made publicin Washington, to warrant the Depar:ment of Justice asking indictments ofpaper manufacturers for alleged antitrust law volations. Already, it waslearned, a Federal grand jury in NewYork is taking testimony to determineif there has been a criminal conspiracy in restraint of trade. BainbridgeColby and Mark Hyman have been retained as special assistants to the Attorney General to aid in the inquiry.The Federal Trade Commission,which has furnished much of the information on which the Department ofJustice is acting, announced that Francis J. Ilenej, of California, had beenengaged as a special attorney in thecommission's inquiry into high newsprint prices and that under this direction the commission would continue itsinvestigation after a preliminary report is made to Congress early nextweek.The Trade Commission, it is under-Jstood, will report that ft has foundthat increases in newsprint priceswithin the year are frojoa 4 to 20 timesthe advance in production cost It willsay there never has been an actualnewsprint shortage and that manufacturers (have helped create a panicamong publishers by intimating therewas one.COLUMBIA BEING REMODELEDA force of carpenters began workTuesday morning remodeling the storeroom in the Odd Fellows' building, atthe corner of Main and Fifth, streets,recently occupied by the ColumbiaTheatre rs a moving picture jiouse.The room, when completed, will booccupied by a firm from Lexingtonwho will conduct a first-class confectionary, ie-cream parlors, etc. Theywill take i.ossession early in March.ffr,...tfflmtttttttttttBtttMitWE KNOW HOWYOUR HEALTHI IS HUE IMHT THAN UEVProtect Your Health and YouWill Have Both.DLOPOLDUNDERWEARthe' kind that is not too heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wc ol on the outside, which does not scratch and irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many sfitpcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WearDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.IiExclusive AgencyFloeimtcheilDISTRICT MEETING OFODD FELLOWS' LODGESAbout one hundred delegates, raw-resenting the various I. O. O. F. lodgeembraced in the Seventh Kentucky district, and composed of the principallodges from all tfre Central Keatacktowns, convened in the lodge room ofBourbon Lodge No. 23, in this citr, t3:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoon,j The meeting was called to order byGrand Secretary R. G. Elliott, of Lexington, who was assisted in presidinsby District Deputy Grand Master .B. January, of Paris. The Past Official Degree was conferred on the following Past Grand Masters: W. C.Ussery, John H. Doty and Wia. H.Lail, of Bourbon Lodge No. 23; L. 3Pendleton. of Grassy Lick Lodge No.283; W. S. Earlywine. O. N. Grifflmand Dr. S. R. Fisher, of HeadquartersLodge No. 96; J. S. Reynold, of, Owingsville Lodge No. 304.Among the delegates were D. C. Wilson, of Headquarters; John liykw andR. G. Elliott, of Lexington; Dr. C. H.Rees, Winchester; J. S. Sb.0pU.u5kand Everett Thomasson. of Millersburg; S. W. Shirley, of Versailles,and many others.At 7:30 p. m. the Secret Work yfMexemplified by Grand Secretary R. G.Elliott, of Lexington, Judge EL B. January, of Paris, assisting. After this thesession of the lodge was presided overby Judge E. B. January, of BoarbonLodge No. 23. Addressee were madeby the following brethren of the order: Grand Master W. V. Gregory, ofMayfield Lodge No. 151; Grand Secretary R. G. Elliott, of Lexingtoa; Br.Cranley Elliott, Dr. S. R. Fisher, 1 3.Pendleton, Dr. C. H. Rees, J. IL Ry-nolds, John Mylor, Wm. O. HiatoaCharles Clendenin, Superintendent oCthe Indigent Home at Eminence, gavean account of the work being doae atthe Home, which, was both instruct!?and entertaining.This was one of the most enjoyable meetings ever held in Paris, and.one that will long be remembered byall wflio attended. Eevery member ofthe lodge present at this meetingpledged himself to see that this will feea banner year for Odd Fellowship ia.Kentucky.MRS. LAFFERTY TO LECTUREAn address on "Study Kentucky"will be delivered at the Paris HighSchool Auditorium at 2:30 o'clock this(Friday) afternoon, by Mrs. W. T.Lafferty, of Lexington, formerly ofCynthiana, who is well-known, aadgreatly admired here for her" cleverness and intelligence.Mrs. Lafferty is one of tke mostcharming women and pleasing speakers in the State, and it will be, indeed, a rare treat that awaits all wkogo to hear her' at thV'HIgii, Schoolthis afternoon. A cordial inflation hasbeen extended to all the members ofthe Federated Clubs of the city andcounty, to attend, and (hear Mrs. Lafferty's address. The meeting will befree to the public.18ror the NettletanShoe.mum"V-HliMgI)PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY U. te1.XWMHMUMypf '-9r '-rTh.ti fThe Bourbon NewsiSschool, even it it has JtoEstablished 188135 Years oftlnuous Publication.Con-" bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Year $2.00 Six Months. .51.00Pa3rable in Advance.'extend aidore freely for the support of liumblehomes.The Lack of Skilled Labor.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)SAFETY FIRSTJust so you will not forget it. vcsay it one time more: You will be'missing much of the pleasure anlmuch of the profit of farming thisyear if you do not raise most of yourliving at borne. Milk and butter,chickens and eggs, lard and bacon.fruit and vegetables these things areA man connected with a concernnow making war material remarked y.few days ago, that it seemed almostimpossible to get enough skilled workmen. He found that there iS a gOOdmn Pspntinl nnrt nf tho hoct ffirmino-deal of help that can be had. But I Begin right now to olan for andonly a fraction of the applicants are'wiieil the weather admits to preparemen who can do a high grade of me-'fora g0od gar(ien. There's no usechanical adjustment living on the farm anyWay, if one can-In rush times almost any kind of anllot have an abundance of fresh vecc-employe can get work. His inferior ' tables to eat. As for fruit, if youAny erroneous reflection upon the product slips along. The inspector t i,ave no trees or vines or bushes growolMtracter, standing or reputation of, may see its defects. But when custo-'ing now you cant get fruit this year.ajiy person, firm or corporation which mers are clamoring for delivery of or- you stm iiave plenty of time to setxfey appear in the columns of THE t ders, many faults slip through that , out some of these things however, andHOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-1 ought not to pass. ,l,e prepared for better living anotherrioted if brought to attention of the' In the dull times of tiie past few vearetator. years, inferior workmen have found when it comes to bread and meat" """" """- "" ""-, thchiselves left out of the shuffle. If ond feed for the live stock, the oneANNOUNCEMENT. I tbere was work for only a part of tlte safe plan is to raise just as much a?i force, the skilled man was kept at the jjossible of it at homeWe are authorized to announce the bench, while the less efficient man suggestion, applicable to farmd Democrats below as candidates'.8 informed that fill ere was nothing Grs everywhere, is especially comIt tho Democratic nrimarv on August d?m&- No complaint might be made mende(1 t0 readers thls year aud let- - r - - i tun nun irv nr nic Ti'iir Kiir crvmo-to fill the offices to which "' niv . ... -w omer tilings go.nuw Liiie uaa ucci anj nuns w to provide a living at home is sale-him. Ifv whntovor thn wnntlipr nr thfi warJust now the rush of war orders is1.,,-,. hA nr dn. tn r!slc jroftinir a living:providing for many men whose product lrom hjgh-priced cotton is a gambleis of inferior quality. But when warianv year and doubly a gamble thisorders stop, and before the nortnal ( Vear.trade or ipeace times is re-estaDiisiieu,there will be many an idle day for thesecond rate artisan. These conditionsare true not merely of workmen in4, 1917,tlTev aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.SOMETHING GOOD.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK, ,of Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthKddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRook at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINrThose who hate nastv medicinethe lines making war material, but m sj10Uld try Charnberlian's Tablets forall lines of (mechanical employment constipation. They are pleasant toThe young mechanic should puUtake and their effect js so agreeablescme brains into his work. He should and so natural that you will not realstudy the philosophy of mechanical ize that it has been .produced by anrocesses and physical forces, andlearn the one perfect way of performing every motion. If some of the timespent in discussing socialisjn and baseball were spent in getting informationabout the best methods of producing!the desired mechanical results, theiewould be more meat for the familytable and more clothes for the kidlet?Also in every trade there are practicalbooks of technical science that givegood ideas. If they can not be had ina man's own town, fihey can be borrowed at slight cost from circulatinglibraries.medicine.WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence witnout realizing the cause of their suffei-0' ing. Day after day they are rackedwith backache and headache; suffeiEDITORIAL MUSINGS. jfrom nervousness, dizziness, weak-ness. langour and depression. Per-! haps the kidneys have fallen behind iin tneir wont oi iuternis luu uiuumLincoln's Example and the Poor Eoy.In the many addresses given atcelebrations in honor of Abraham Linand that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assistthem in their work give them thecoin's birthday February 12, one help tney need. ou can use no morethought that is always emphasized is highly recommended remedy thanthat of the humble origin of the great Doan's Kidney Pills endorsed by .peo--warpresidenL The lesson is enforced pie all over the country and by yourliiat lowly surroundings are no bar U? i neighbors in Paris,advancement, and that they often stim- Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St..Hlate the ambitious boy to surmount Paris, says: "Some years ago, I foundobstacles tit necessary to use a kidney remedyWhilA tiite is nerfect.lv true in rare!and as 1 had read about Doan's KidneycJS vet usSuy the "boy ?we I used them. They proved to beunder a terrible handicap. He is put'ney mPla nt- hav e ff?dv re"onto work after meager schooling, as'to Doanj J"sweeping up floors in some mill, pick- ad aj'ise their use to anyone troublinn Tup al In a mine, or at any tasked with a weak or lame back or irregShr?hfnar not mllMl for. There' "lar passages of the kidney secre-Don'tis nothing in his work to siir his amB1UUU VI u.c.ui. iwo ".. j,..v.. i,;,l,. ,.,!,. rfMost children of this type go to "! UT, LU1 V?,1" !" wtions.Price 50 cents at all dealers.work before they are physically readyfor it Their lives are spent in aweary day dream, in which the onlybright spots are the feeding timesThese are likely to be meager andunsatisfying. If a bpark of ambitio-iexists in such a mind it is soon blotted outA future generation will see wiiaa. dead weigut is nung on me oiawDoan's Kidney Pills the same matMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co ,Props., Buffalo. N. Y. (adv)f-ARMERS BUSY GETTINGHEMP CROPS READY.! The breaking or Tieir hemp cropsin absorbing the attention of thosofarmers of Bourbon county who rais..1 1.1..V. nAln a - 1 - i lowlc ri r noitu ,olt f fhaaa vmnv livoc nnrt t-U U1U SLiipi uxi liiuii m-ii.o tuc ptoleration of unwholesome working year. This work is coi siderab y beconditions. In some of them are the hind, owing to the d.y weather in thegenns of great futures. Lincoln even' to". wllIGl1 ?'as unfavorable to theIXhis bSSble home lived a health-proper rottening of the crop and hef ml opener life, which many of our continued cold weather which hachildren never have. Lincoln might made breaking almost impossibeSever have been heard from, had he As a consequence only a small partSeen put in a mill at 12 or 14 years oi of the crop has been broken outI F Farmers throughout the county areA child at this period can add hat (paying hemp breakers two dollars perlittle to the means of his family. Bykeeping in school and preparing himself for better work and better citijceoMiip, he can add much to the welfare of the community. A wiser generation will keep its children longer inYou Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.MBBk, 9B BJ ywo-i J-1 jj '- tijM MMiril flu ' ' ' ','''.. yhundred, and it is thought this unprecedented price will supply all thehands available for the work, and thatas soon as favorable weather comesalong the work of breaking will bepushed as possible. Bourbon countynow has about 1,200 acres of hempand the staple is selling at $13.75 perhundred, the highest price ever paidin this county.FOR A BltlOUS ATTACKWhen you have a severe headache,accompanied by a coated tongue,loathing of food, constipation, torpidliver, vomiting of partly digested foodand then bile, you may know thatyou have a severe bilious attack.While you may be quite sick there ismuch consolation in knowing that relief may be had by taking three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They areIprompt and effectual. uotamaDieeverywhere.(Feb-adv)MATCH USERS STRUCKFOR HIGHER PRICES.Matches have gone up.The high cost of living has alreadymussed up prices considerably. Coalis higher, wood kindling is higher,coal oil is higher, likewise gasolineand cigars. The things that need.matches have already gone up, but iremained tor recent days to affect theprice of matches.The little red-tipped, green-headedsplints; the purple-headed, white-tippedones; and the others, are now being sold for 10 cents a box, two forfifteen.The price of wood and the matchhead chemicals are assigned as theObtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)Professional Crds. ! nv iVWti ' miimnBourbon Buildmgr &Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetIXEye, Ear, Nose and Throat, jAROOMS 403-404.DR. WM. KENNEYPHONE 136.WM. GRANIMANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOESREMOVAL iMOTICEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline, attornoy, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutch-craft retiring. Mr. Cline will continuethe business of the above firm and canbe found in his new offices on thefourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. (jan30-lmo)7-o and $7-50IWhenyoufeeltoniuIXr;vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you needMOTTS NERVERINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMutt's Nerverine Pills gSf,WILLIAMS MFG. CO . Props.. Clre!Bd, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLEFM I v5jJks. Southernllw m TO M, 1 1 wff BmI Ir i A If ww sidtJ0K& .BtWe know Sheep Jrom Godis e overBabytaJRLJJ1 !'Jrt"-rjiTjZ.trl? 7.-.ICVrc?',U?'-C5OW:ftRi."Ki?i3iaf?5 iT.;,- t v-.i: -randsfopSdMngBirds'TcdLCa2TOnMFBC&)ijDown South here folks are mighty keenon sizing things up. We know how totell the sheep from the goats. There icn'tmuch sense trying to pull the wool overour eyes.It must be the way we're raised. Ve getover baby talk pretty early. We soon stoptrying to put salt on the birds' tails. Welearn it's no use to fib.Yes we get pretty wise. And I'mmighty pleased to know thai millions cfmen of the South are smoking meSOVEREIGN. It's a compliment itproves that I must be right that I mustbe of the finest.So, I say to myself: "I am worthy ofthese fine friends of mine, I keep myselfclean, and sweet, and pure, I see to itthat I live up to my every promise."And so when my friends refer to my goodold Virginia and Carolina stock, and myfine, white, cleanly home I certainly amproud. BecauseYon Folks of the South KNOW good Mood!Yongood tobacco!want you all to believe in me, I want every cigarette smoker here in the South as afriend. And why not? I am SOVEREIGN! "King of them All.good word for meHere's .anotherJi aij V - frr7 & -1 am guaranteed by .....o-r3- Buy me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour'money back, I have said it. A Southern gentleman is known,the world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.Sovereign CigarettesFOR THE GENTLEMAN OP THE SOUTHSS rT? W 4A 9z$JXtt4t1ItifA toautffu! line of Garlands on dliJUrva of fffL&ms GZ6cause. "lav. i;ne In ana iook tnm vr. . iPoor old Carranza is having a hardParisGasS Electric Co.time TMishinc his way to the frontMpace at present.--T . -FltTBiX FEBRUARY 16, 19171THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGBTHHHERE'S A HAPPY "TANLAC FAMILY"Sisters Join Their Mother In Declaring Tanlac MeantNew Start In Life For Them.HOPES TO RID KEN-TUCKY OF HOG CHOLERAft iM"fo' .tpy 7 K? jttijv ' B t K -3v4JJJW- IMRS. JOHN LOWE.MISS FRANCES BURNETT.MRS. S. C. BURNETT."Someone suggested the other daythat we tack a siim on our hous living, 'This Is a Tanlac Family.' That'soecause my two daughters and I talkso much about Tanlac. We all wearthe Tanlac Smile, too," Mrs. S. C..Burnett, 1408 Walnut street, said."But why shouldn't we talk aboutit when we feel that it has done us aworld of good. Everyone of us hasbeen helped by Tanlac and I'll tell youwe can't say too much for it."First my older daughter, Mrs. JohnLowe, tried it. She had lost 30 poundsand was so run down and nervous thateven the rumblinc: of a wairnn or thoslamming of a door would upset herlor nours. We feared we would haveto send her to a hospital."I honestly believe that Tanlacsaved her from complete breakdown.Nothing else seemed to help her. ButTanlac put her on her feet again rightquick. Today she is one of the happiest women in Cincinnati."Then Frances became run downsort of half-sick. She had dizzyspells. We were going to take herout of school because she kept complaining of spots and webs before hereyes. Her complexion got pasty andshe didn't look a bit well. Tanlachowever, proved to be just the thingshe needed and now she is back ingood health again.Mother Was Half-Sick."As for myself, I felt almost thesame as Mrs. Lowe. My stomachtroubled me. My appetite was poorand I suffered after eating with bloating and belching of gas. But withthe help of Tanlac I got rid of these-troubles and now I feel simply splendid. "But I started out at first to tellyou about Mrs. Lowe. She simplythought she was going to die. Shefelt so bad I believe she almost wouldhave been glad to have it all endedIt was just pitiful to watch her. Herweight dropped from 140 to 110pounds. She couldn't eat without being sick. We had just about givenher up. Then we heard of Tanlac andshe tried it. All of a sudden sheseemed to take new interest in life.Within a week she began eating solidfood, just like she did before she hadtrouble with her stomach. The foodnourished her, too, and she began taking on weight. She slept sound andit seemed like no time before she wasfeeling well again.Helps Youngest Girl."One day Frances was up to seeher sister. She's the youngest, youknow. She was feeling bad and Mrs.Lowe gave her some Tanlac. It madeher feel better and she came home andsaid, 'Mama, I believe that new tonicthat helped sister will do me somegood. Please get me a bottle.' So Idid and do you know that in a weekshe began to feel better. Now sheeats all she wants, sleeps well anddoesn't have those dizzy spells orspots before her eyes when she isstudying."I was such a firm believer in Tanlac by the time it had built up thehealth of my two girls that I gotsome for mvself. Tfc rurMnUr f,iup my system. I used to have nerv-uua apenb out mey are all gone now.I cot back mv annetit nnrl r tsleep as well as I did hpfnro -mir -,ach started to bother me."I tell you Tanlac has done a lotfor our familv and wp r.Wf- emrmuch good about it.""I hope before the end of my administration to see hog cholera eradicated from Kentucky," declared Commissioner of Agriculture Mat S. Cohen,Oliainnan of the State Live StockSanitary Board, after a conference oCthe board with representatives of theFederal Bureau of Animal Industry inregard to co-operative efforts for thecontrol of all contagious diseasesamong animals.Es,pecial efforts are now being madefor the eradication of hog cholera,which cost the agricultural industry ofthe State $2,000,000 in 1912, and Commissioner Cohen said they agreed ona plan of work which he believes willbe effective. It has to be sent toWashington for approval.Since 1912 hog cholera has been reduced about half, principally due Lothe rigid inspection and disinfection ofstock cars during the fight againstfoot and mouth disease. The Kentucky department endeavored to continue the practice, but could not getthe co-operation of the Governmentand other States.PROMISES TO DEPUTY NOTAGAINST CORRUPT PRACTICE ACTCandidates for county offices, particularly that of Sheriff, are getting'ready to admit, not to say promise,their constituents that they will appoint so-and-so deputies, and the goodnews is reaching them that they cando this without violating the provisionsof the Corrupt Practices Act. Manycandidates for county offices, such asSheriff, Assessor, etc., have been inquiring of Attorney General Loganwhether arrangements, by which aprospective deputy runs along withhis principal for the office, are illegal. General Logan has come to the;.conclusion that it is all right and notprohibited by the act. The quid prpquo for the appointment is not thevote of the promised deputy, but the'more or less speculative support of asection of the constituency, to whom jthe personality ot the deputy appeals,and since it brings to public noticethe character of appointments the candidates will make engendering the opposition of those who disapprove aswell as winning the support of suchas are satisfied, the moral principlesof the statutes are not transgressed.The bill as originally drawn containedlanguage which might have affectedthis, the best bid for popular supportlocal candidates have 'discovered.Tanlac. the master medicine and LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; EL1ZAreconstructive tonic, is sold exclu- BETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,siveljr in PARIS by Varden & Son. Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, 0.Cther exclusive agents in nearby H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drugtowns are as follows: Company; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Par-HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MIL.- rish. (adv)Civin Bros. Department StoreStventb and Itlain St$. Paris, RentucRyTobacco CottonAll Grades at LowestPrices.BAD COLD? HEADACHYAND NOSE STUFFED"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends Coldsand Grippe in a Few Hours.Take "Pape's Cold Compound" everytwo hours until you have taken threedoses, then all grippe misery goo.-and your cold will be broken. Itpromptly opens your clogged-up nostrils and tilie air passages of the head;stops nasty discharge or nose running;relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness. sore throat, sneezing, sorenessand stiffness.Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowingand snuffling. Ease your .throbbinghead nothing else In the world givessuch prompt relief as "Pape's ColdCompound," which costs only 25 centsat any drug store. It acts withoutassistance, taste nice, and causes noinconvenience. Accept no substitute(adv)(Peb-adv)g SensibleMl i lllllv J C Mill A C? 1 r.s iIV 11 & IDm. 'There's a Reason" JwMILLERSBURG4Twin Bros. Dep't StoreFOUR CANDIDATES FOR JAILERDIE IN NICHOLAS COUNTYEvidently it is not a healthy matteto seek the nomination for Jailer or.Nicholas County, as four of the prospective candidates for that office havedied recently. Each of the candidateswas sick but a short time or died suddenly.E. D. Scott, who was a prospectivecandidate for the nomination, diedwhile driving to Carlisle" one CourtDay. Polk Bowen, another candidate,died a few weeks ago after a shortilness. Jailer M. M. Brothers, whowas a candidate for re-election, wasstricken with paralysis, and lived buva few days atter he was first takenill. Mr. Mike Flora, of near Myers,another candidate, died Saturday, afteia short illness -of double pneumonia,resulting from a bad cold.But there is another corps of candidates conning into the field, apparentlyundeterred by the seeming fatalitythat attends the candidacy for theoffice.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurHchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances fand experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Pari Kentucky..;'.vs.cioritliesitateoryoullletoeltat $nowsforirimgWELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0Ni 1c vHISTORY OP MILLERSBURG.We now come to tjhe home of Mr.T. E. Savage. This is one of the fewlmmes in Millersburg that has not undergone a change in the head of thehousehold. It is true there has beenmany changes in the family, but Mr.Savage owned the home then and hedoes now. There was no sidewalk infront of the residence, nor none leading from the street to the veranda.The property was well kept, as it is,nnw Mr RnvniTP wns one of the cuar-.antors ot the fund raised to maintainthe KentucKy wesieyan onege m.Millersburg. A picket fence enclose 1,the property from the street, as it does 'now mill is the onlv landmark of thekind in the neighborhood which connects the present with the past, asall of the other fences have long sincebeen taken down.cjimrtiv nftor camine here Mr. Savage laid a rock sidewalk in front ofhis home and the property describedin a previous letter. Later when theonirit nf Antprnrise struck the city.he laid concrete sidewalks in front ofall his property. His family consistelof his wife, two daughters, Misse3Mary ana Kauienne aa-vuge, micesons, "William E. savage, noDert amiFred Savage.shnrt.lv after coming here Mr. Savage accepted a position as salesmarin the drugstore of Dr. v. m. Aimerwhich position he held for many yearsThe store was afterward sold to Mr.H. H. Phillips, and later to Smith &Wadell. During the time that Mr.Savage occupied this position he wasalso notary public, and deputy countyclerk, and spent much of his timein the County Clerk's office at Paris.The children were all in school, thetwo older boys being students at theK. W. C. After the college was movedfrom here Mr. W. E. Savage completedhis education at Center College, Danville, and afterward went to the OhioMedical College, at Cincinnati. Afterreceiving his diplojua he went intothe office of Dr. P. S. Connor, at thattime the most prominent surgeon inCincinnati. He remained there untilafter the death of Dr. Conner. Atterthat he opened an office for himself,which he has since occupied. Somevoarc aim hp. was united in marriage,and has two children to grace hishome.After Mr. Robert Savage gave upschool he went into the grocery 0?Judy & Collier as salesman. Hishealth soon failed in an attack of typhoid fever and in a few weeks hedied, his remains being interred inthe Millersburg cemetery. Miss Katherine Richardson Savage graduatedfrom the M. F. C, and later was unitedin marriage to Captain A. C. Klockseim who occupied a chair in the M.M t" nnrintr his stav in Millersburgthey occupied roopis in the M. M. I ICaptain Klockseim being uesirous ojprosecuting his education furthergave up his chair at M. M. I., and,with his wife, went to Ann Arbor.Mich., where he continued his studies.After completing his post-graduatecourse there they went to his old homeat .Cleveland, Ohio, where he engagedin school work and is still prosecutingthe same.Mr. F. J. Savage, the youngest son.was the first graduate of what is nowthe M. M.. I., then the MillersburgTraining School. The Baccalaureate address was delivered on the evening ofhis graduation by Rev. Mitchell, thenof the Eleventh Street MethodistChurch at Covington, Ky. Mr. Savagemade his own way through school, andfor many years was carrier of the Cincinnati Post, and by pluck and perseverance secured the education whichsent him out into the world to battlewith life. After his graduation hewent into the L. and N. R. R. stationat Millersburg under Mr. W. V. Shaw,where he studied telegraphy and assoon as he was ready for work hewas placed in the Paris L. and Noffice by the company, where he hasbeen since then. He has graduallyrisen from time to Ume until he holdsone of the most responsible positionsin that office. Some years ago hewas united in marriage to Miss BessieBoston, a second daughter of Mr. andMrs. Willis Boston, near Millersburg,and has a little one at home. In thepast two years they have built a handsome home at Paris, which they nowoccupy, in which his father and sister. Miss Mary Savage, spend manyhappy hours.Mrs. Sue Jaynes, sister of Mrs. T.E. Savage, sold her home on Triggavenue to Mr. F. F. Hurst She thenwent to make her home with her sister, Mrs. T. E. Savage. After a shorttime she died of epilepsy and was interred in the Millersburg Cemetery.The Savage family at this time consisted of Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Savage,and one daughter, Miss Mary. Mrs.Savage was in failing health and diedlater, just after being taken from- theoperating table at Good SamaritanHospital, at Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr.Savage and daughter, Miss Mary, havesince occupied the home alone. Inthe past few Jnonths Mr. Savage hasbeen in failing health, but we areglad to say that he is better than hewas last summer, and hope that manymore summers may yet bless him andhis. Miss Mary Savage is his housekeeper and cares for him with the attention and devotion of a mother.Since resigning his position someyears ago with "W. D. "Wadell 8c C.after Dr. Smith had retired from thefirm, Mr. Savage has not been engaged in active business. He has phaps prepared more notes, writtaamore deeds, wills, mortgages and corntracts than any other man in Millersburg. He is just one of those memithat every small town needs.(To Be Continued)(Other Millersburg on Page 8)LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUS.I Get rid of that hacking cough thatkeeps you awake at night and draiag;your vitality and energy. Dr. King'sNew Discovery is a pleasant balsamremedy, antiseptic laxative a4propnptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coMgerms; your cough is soon Veliered.Delay is dangerous get Dr Kiss'sNew Discovery at once. For Marlyfifty years it has been the fayoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs aadI colds. Get a bottle to-day at yoar'Druggist, 25c.CFeb-atfY)WANTED!You to get our Free Catalogof Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Rhubarb.Asparagus, Strawberries, SeedPotatoes, Dahlias, Etc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No agents.H. F.Hillenmeyer &Sons1841 LEXINGTON, KY.(feb 16-lm)1917I T?l? U cU tU ? ?U ! titTHAT'S THE POLISH"1 'i2nlSHOE POLISHES10 -BLACK-WH1TE-TAN- QrFJF.DalW Co. of NewYferfcicfBuffalcNY.trvAGEFOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1IT,'I 1.FINED FOR WORKING.What ia the thunder is a man goingW do anyway? The law savs thatPARIS BOWLING TEAM DEFEATS LEXINGTON TEAM.Paris not only has the crack haskel-CLUB MEETINGS.The Progressive Culture Cluh met inregular session at the residence ofTacyahle-Dodied man must have some a11 team of Central Kentucky, but it Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, Wednesdaym linn Ann rr 41A naof OOlYlunrAffleainnrl offnwinnn tcrillt 41m nfnNMMMi. Ifhas one of the best sejni-professiona:T.nwHnir tpnms in Mlis section. TheIf mixed teams from the Paris Bowlingafternoon, with the president, Mrs.Amos Turney. presiding. Miss ClaraBelle O Neill gave a most interestingYlIble means of support; in other"word he must work for a living.mm oes not, ne oecomes apienaaoie League went to Lexington, Monday paper on "American Composers," withK ui law and can be lined and pun- night and took a hard fall out of the selections from their music renderedMhed for vagrancy for failure to earn "big city fellers," who have all alonga. Jivine. This is a iust law. and every had the opinion that they were invin-year thousands of shiftless beings pay cible. Of course, it may not happenagain, uul il wua &iuiy euuugu iui uiuParis team to defeat ttheir opponentsby a majority of 346. Shades of Henthe penalty, while manyandg escape punishment.more thousBy cold in-on the piano. Tiiis was followed bya general discussion of schools andstyles of music by the members of theU1UD.Mrs. W. O. Hinton, the .president,JIJV ii . i.ifM m uv tx inajuimorei ou uie yc m aiuiuew u.- drick Huds011 and Rip Van Winkle.iate, entirely too many escape irom just think of a counLry town team put-the net of the law. The law pre- ting. it over a crack team like Lexirttf-scribes certains things we can do, and ton! But the score shows the boysforbids other things. It is a very un- did itvsaal thing, however, for a man to be The Paris team played a strongarrested and fined for working. But gahie, their score going up as Mb assometimes the laws savs "StoD1" to 213. which was bowled by Funk in theeomenee tne laus sas btop. to carried the sec-the laboring man and stern justice scorCf ,n Uie secon(lwill demand a part, or all of his iliard- game- Duncan roHed 180 in the thirdearned money, for working too much came. Henrv made 190 in the firstRELIGIOUS.A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A. !r too hard or rather the infractiongajme; Hadden piled up a score of 17: some man-made law. jn the second game, while Jones pull-Some time ago, Harry Weinstein, a ed out 160 in the third game. TheLouisville barber, was fined $25 and high man for the Lexington team wascosts in that city for working too Miller, who got out 172 in the secondmuch. Weinstein was doing a thriv- game, while Biven crne L second with,.,., , -..,. 165 m the first game. The Liexingtoiiing Sunday business, and was arrest- feU belowbtheir usual averageS,ed on the charge of violating the Sun- and plajr was rather weak. Theday closing law. Wilien arraigned in Parig j, came home highly elatedPolice Court he made the plea he oo- over their victory, feeling they hadserved Saturday as his Sabbath, airl done a great night's work. The scoreJudge Boldrick took tihe cause under follows:dvertisement. At the final hearing,it is stated, Weinstein could not provehe belonged to any religious sect thatobserved any other day of the weekexcept Sunday; and it was also proventhat Barber Weinstein did not regardany day too sacred to work when a.man needed a shave and had the price.Consequently he was fined $25 andgiven the trimmings.presided at the regular weekly meetingof the Paris Literary Club, Wednesdayafternoon, held in the Club rooms.There was a good attendance. Thesubject of "Realism" was continuedfrom the last meeting, and the following interesting program was given:"Representative American Comedy."Mrs. Wiliite Varden; Reading. M:ssMary Fithian Hutchcraft; "Businessand Politics On the American Stage,"Miss Nellie Fithian; "Our. Mrs. McChesney," Miss Rachel Wiggins.After the conclusion of the programMrs. Hinton announced the followingprogram committee for the next year'swork: Mrs. Charlton Alexander, MissNellie Fithian, Mrs. Thos. Henry Cloy,Jr. Miss Lucy Simms, and Mrs. J. TVahsanL Suggestions and subjectsfor the next year's study were discussed by the members of the Club,and will be decided on at the nextClub meeting.St. Peter's Episcopal church. Rev.Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sunday School9:30 a. m. Service and sermon 10:15a. m.The Women's Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetwith Mrs. Newton Mitchell next Monday afternoon, February 19th, at twoI o'clock.The members ot the Presbyterianchurch congregation are urgently requested to be present Sunday morninrat the court house, as business of theutmost importance "ia to be considered.Rev. Dr. Wiley, of Atlanta, Ga., willpreach to the congregation at bothservices.The Christian Endeavor Society ofthe Paris Christian church will meetin the church parlors Sunday night at6:00 o'clock. The subject will be"Using What We Have;" leader, MipsJVernita Baldwin. The regular midweek prayer-meeting service will beheld on Wednesday night. Rev. W. E.Ellis will conduct the services.PARrS.Duncan 169 169 ISOHadden 114 176 155Jones 138 145 160Funk 163 193 213Henry 190 163 16STotals 774 S46 S76"TOAD" WATKINS DEAD.LEXINGTON.1Miller 136West 105Huffman 11917215512812415715S13814714514!B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS MEAT MARKET AT MILLERSBURG.ITonaker 158Wm. ("Toad") Watkins, well-knov."i Biven. 165to Paris fans as a promising base bail'1oTTn. Vuanl' in tlio dava rti tllP fim'l-i mi OOO HOCr.jo m . ww rj w .r - IOUUS UOO iuu iox fM,. M1,1,1loll ,1 oeo?efQ,l 1 .-teur teams playing in Central Ken- Paris Totals 2493 "-i"" "" '"''7"' """ ""-"- .;lucky, died in Manchester, Ohio. Tues- jt Totals 2150 ore of volunteers .succeeded ,v r'tiiu mi v i nr 111 r urr.ii r i.iit: iiiiniiiiicFire of an unknown origin whichstarted in the basement of the Rigdonmeat market, in Millersburg, Tuesdaymorning, damaged the building andcontents to the extent of several hundred dollars.The fire was discovered about four' o'clock Tuesday morning by a passingr-m autoist. who gave the alarm. The lireIOX , , ' . , i ,546day, after a short illness. Watkmswas a native of Maysville, where iiisbody was taken Wednesday for intermentWatkins was a ball player ot exceptional ability, and in his prime raukctfith. the very best of amateurs. Inlater years, arter piaymg wuii juays- seemsville, Pans, Carlisle, Lexington, ana , nnfl men oft E0other Central Kentucky teams, he thQ Santen calculation.played in the Central League, where There was a reversal of form in(controlling the fire before the building' nas entirely destroyed. The imeatmarket and grocery fixtures, as wellFORTY NAMES ADDED TOCONFEDERATE PENSIONROLLForty new names have been addclto tihe Confederate pension roll, whowill participate in the February distribution, bringing the total up to 2,915, of whom 42 per cent, are nowwidows. Most -of the new ones beingwidows, who take the place of theirhusbands. The name of W. C. Stipp,of Bourbon county, appears in the newlist.THE PARIS GRANDSaturday, February 17EXTRA FEATUREMatinee and Night. Orchestra Matinee and Night.MAR Y PICKFORDIN"LESS THAN THE DUST"Shown Everywhere at Increased Prices.Our Prices 5 and 10 Cents.REGULAR PROGRAM AT THE ALAMOAFTERNOON AND NIGHT ADMISSION 5 AND 10cWOMAN'S SOCIETY MEETINGThe semi-monthly meeting of theChristian church was held Tuesday afternoon in the parlors of the church.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, the president,presiding. The meeting was well attended, and considerable business ofimportance was transacted. Mr. A. L..Boatright sang a beautiful solo.THE NAVAJO COUNTRY.Paris Majority" . . ... flir ofnVL- u'flpo cmHrnlv ilcmtrnvpflBernard Santen's boast that his,1- . . ' nHlorwis.rti tjernaru oauieu t uuaac wu.i. . bariiv phnrred and otherwiseJ team the Bourbon Laundry, wouW I jS smokeas'to bo1 heard from again in the Pans Bo;n1 I fa ' -. .ocer.ing League race, was well-meant, out, Thnmnsnn adioinine. wasl,eEOb wS"P,asnoSam."- : ? L 5T-.,iC Calhoun on the second hoar ol tnehuildine. and t2ie apartments ofhe made a good record. Watkins is Tule night's game with the result Messrs. Ridgon, Bowles and Pence,well remembered hereMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSthat the T.i'Pd" team lost the gameto their c clients, the Fordham Hotelteam, oy an mjui tty u. -, .-. a that in the Thompson and Rigdon groceriemarkable feature of the gatoe was that onvered bv InsuranceTnvnr Swp.arensren anu imomas, ior,";''! -.. 0 - .were damaged,The building, owened by Mrs. SueSandusky, and the stock and fixturesfrd5orthe winners each bowled 174, whileTaylor rolled 172 in the third game.(Their other scores ranged frcftn 114 to1 1G8. For the Laundry team Fred Bur'gin took the lead with 169 to hisJ credit in the third game. He also. cantured second (honors by bowling 160! in the first game. Other scores madeatvi txt 1 by this team ranged from 102 to 161I IIIS W eeK The score follows :partly covered by insuranceMr. Ricrdon will resume business assoon as the building is repaired.Pic-Nic Hamsper pound 17c24-pound sack Best Flourfor. $1.30Pure Hog Lardper poundFORDHAM HOTEL.1 2Taylor 174 136Swearengen 168 174Determan 127 117Kane 138 126Thnmns 147 147Totals 754 727BOURBON LAUNDRY.1 9C Santen 142Burgin 166Neal 10040C Jackson 141Funk 144Corn, Tomatoes and Peasper can 12 1 -2cApplesper peck.9157154139102119The true "heroic age" of human history was the period of direct contactwith nature, the age in which heroicaccomplishment and (heroic endurancewere part of the daily routine. Theactivities of men of that stage ofprogress deserve a place among tlujmost cherished traditions of the human race. In the Navajo country inAriaona and New Mexico are the remnants of an almost extinct race, whoselong occupation of the country is recorded in ruined dwellings and abandoned fields. This little-known regionis the home of the vigorous and promising Navajos. To improve the condition of this long-neglected but capablerace, to make their life more intelligently wholesome by applying scientific knowledge, is a duty which shouldappeal to the people of the UnitedStates.ftY 1909 Herbert E. Gregory, of UipUnited States Geological Survey, De-nn.tm- nF H,o Tnforlnr Jipran a stlldv3 i From Kentucky conies the story ojof the interesting geologic problems of172 three aged survivors of a once large p-., at the request of the Officeof Indian Affairs. At times these explorations were exhausting and dan- gerous, but the loyalty and devotion ofassistants and Navajo guides wereequal to the many hardships and uncertainties of desert travel.The future of the Navajo countrydepends largely on the solution of oneRre, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.THE VANISHING SHAKERS.140 colony of Shakers making arrange-144 ments to have their lands, valued at14Z more than $1,000,000, revert to the145 1 State. Thus is passing one more of75 the picturesque little Shaker colonicsi that dotted the East and Middle Westafter the coining of Mother Ann Lee,3 "the elect lady" from England in125 -i7r.4 Tlinra nrn nnlv a fPW of t.hGlllJ. 1 1. 1UVIV. UiV v..j ... -BRING US YOUREggs, Butter, ChickensTurkeys, Geese and DucksAnd You'll Have More Money!We Open This Week Por Hens at 1 6cper pound in Trade, or 14c Cash.We Pay 1 5c in Trade or 1 2 1 -2c Cashper Gallon for First Class Buttermilk.Yes, everything is very high, yet you can getmany articles for less money by dealing withus. Again we deem it our duty to warn thepublic against some dishonest dealers whooffer goods at a lower price and then get evenby using a 16-pound sack for a peck of applesor potatoes. Remember it takes a 25-poundsack to hold a peck.Yours For Low Prices and Honest Weightsand Measures,The Busy Bee Cash Store'H"i"'l''I"I"I"I'"I"I"I"'I"l"I"'I"I'4i'I''I'4"I'4"I-I ! 4 I 1"M 1 111.51G9117Orangesper dozen'8 Bars Ijenox Soapfor. 1TotalsFordham Hotel.693671223525c25cMflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETBourbon Laundry 2093Fordham Hotel MajorityTRAINER MILAM TAKESHANCOCK COLTS TO TRAINleft. Probably the total number ofIqA Shakers in the country is far below154 the 1,000 that they mustered when thelast enumeration was taken Jiair a729 1 dozen years ago. Forty years agothey numbered 4,000. Most of thecolonies in passing have left richesiin land and buildings, for the Shakers have been thrifty and industrious.History will probably place their religion on the long list of freak ismsand ologies that have risen and fallenbut there has been tmuch in the simplicity and purity of the Shaker lifeto make the thoughtful ponder. Sha-kerism has been defined as spiritualism grafted to Quaker theology, with42iFORCeleryFresh TomatoesCurly LettuceHead LettuceRadishes SalsifyNew TurnipsSpinachSweet PotatoesNew BeetsStrawberriesDressed TurkeysSteaks, Chops, RoastsOystersWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Trainer J. Car Milam, of Lexington,has taken over Mr. Arthur B. Hancock's Embroidery and Sprint, alsoitmnmacfop and ii. t.wo-vear-old bavAiiv QiRtAr nf Harhach and Gainer, and! celibacy and conhnunism thrown inj, w.w . - . 4.i rri,-.but that naruiy aoes it jusuw. nwquaint drab life of the celibate communities has won few converts in thisgeneration and the adoption of children has not kept pace with the passing of the aged. The last Shaker community will hardly linger more than afew years longer. Boston Herald.. ij U!.. n Vk-4-V ftr t rI a two-yearom gemms, uiuwici wIMorristown, to train. Embroiderywas a high-class mare for TrainerMilam last season, while the otherswere also good winners. Morristownhas also been one of the best campaigners in the Hancock stable,i Mr. Ezekial Arnold, of Newport, andhis trainer, Dannie Miller, have alsoarrived in Lexington, to arrange fortaking up and training Moineen Starand Big Fellow, a two-year-old brownfilly by Sweep and a two-year-oldbrown colt by Magneto.problem the water supply anu tuerpfore this work was designed to procure data bearing on this problem.The geography of the region was alsostudied with a view of preparing adescription of this little known part olthe United States an account designed to facilitate the work of those whoare to suplement the preliminary examination by detailed studies.The report of these explorations iaextremely interesting not only to engineers and geologists, but to all whohave felt Wie chanm of the Southwestor who have the welfare of the redmen at heart. It is published as Watained without charge by applying lothe Director) United States GeologicalSurvey, Washington, D. C.! VULCAN Sr PLOWSNMadc by The Ylllcafl PlOW CO., l-wasTlUe, la.Wanted.S5.00 a day garnering evergreens,roots and herbs. 10c brings book andwnr nripps. Particulars free. Botanical 95, New Haven, Conn. (2t-pdFEBRUARY AMERICAN MAGAZINESOUTHERN WRITERS TOCOMPETE FOR PRIZE.Paris people who were successful inliterary lines last year have an opportunity of using some of their workto advantage this year according lothe rules in a contest to be conductedby the Southern Society of NewYork- The society, of whicfli Mr. S. RBarton ia the president, will give $500for the best piece of poetry publishedeither in book form, newspaper ormagazine. Southern writers alone areeligible to compete in this contest, andno person not a native and residentof Kentucky, Maryland, Virginia, WestVirginia, Florida, Alabama, Georgia.North and South Carolina, Mississippi.Louisiana, Texas, Tennessee, Missourior Arkansas need subniit work.Only one work can be submitted bya contestant, but work on his or herbehalf by others will be considered.All products must be in. the exactprinted form In which they were published, no manuscript being accepted.The last rule stipulates that the author's full name and address with anexact statement of birthplace andpresent residence must be sent before6 p. m. March, 1, 1917, to Louis Graves,secretary to Hie copimifttee, 5 WestElghtyVecond street, New York CityFrdm cover to cover you will findthis issue of The American Magazinecrammed with entertaining and valu-nhip. mntnri-.Ll. Georce Ade. the fa-imous Hoosier humorist, leads the wayhv tp.iiincr how it feels to be fifty. Hecalls his wonderful article "Looking (Eack From Fitty." Then, the article,about P. D. and J. O. Armour, theChicago packers, is filled with businesswisdom and startling incidents. "WhenSuccess Hung in the Balance" is a human document every man should read."How to Regulate Your Weight" is i. . i i 11 1 U..!.l.n CtTTTtlOlu Dy a weu-KJiowii yuyaiuiau. vvia-consin" contains some interestingfacts about that State told by RayStannard Baker. David Grayson is alsoin this issue.The fiction is cofnposed of storiesby Olive Higgins Prouty, Noble May,and others. Walter Prichard Eatonwrites the theatre article, and the Interesting People's department as we1!as the other departments are live andPublic SaleOFStock and Farm andRoad Machinery.BASKET BALL.The Y. M. C. A. basket ball team ofParis will meet the fast team from St.Mary's College, in a struggle for honors on the floors at the'Y. M. C. A.gymnasium, in Paris, on Tuesdaynight, February 20, at eight o'clock.Both teams have good records to theircredit, and a good game may he looked for.I will offer at public sale at myplace on the ML Sterling pike, one-half mile from Norm Aimaieiown, onWednesday, Feb. 28, 1917,at 10 o'clock a. m., the followiug described property:1 rock dent;1 crusher;1 elevator;1 kerosene engine (Int. Harvester);2 camp houses;2 dump carts;Quarry tools;1 team, wagon and harness;Block and tackle and 200 ft. rope;1 steel road plow;Other articles too numerous to mention. TERMS Made known on day ofsaleABE CARMINE.TOM WELLS, Auctioneer.febl6-4t) ..'Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BY2. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Si. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTtUhttiiiinmtiiTSSTWWWffBWWWSm!5FRIDAY, FEBRUA&Y 16, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIVEPCifertrFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECLOSING OUT SALE.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb hasreturned from a business trip to Louisville.Have decided to continue mir sale Mlss !ae Shannon has returnedtii irrvZf1 to Miss Deiia 'connei1-Miss Belle Ilorton will leave hijafternoon for Chicago, to visit Mrs.nmry atewart.rare bargains in harness and horsegoods. Come in and see for yourself.BOURBON HORSE GOODS CO.,(16-3t) Opposite Court House.PARIS BARACA CLASS WINSFIRST ROUND IN CONTEST.CnTrnwA 1 T) !Muo,ciaj -irciiia peopie auenaed theLincoln banquet given in LouisvilleMonday nightMr. Ossian Edwards, of the ParisRealtv Co.. rnnrJp n imnnot. -., .The Baraca Class of the Paris Bap-, bpen,cTer CU1 this week,tist church scored Sunday against tihe ' 0 MJr ana TMrj- Holhday and Mr. andclass of the Maysville Baptist Church f ". 3Cf S1 are recent addiin the imembership contest recently in- Uon to e C hristian church,augurated. The Paris class had an at- , ,s Va . ?:,cla' returned to hertendance of 45, while Maysville had 31, !?Tf f1vr Ulllle' Tuesda-V' after agiving Paris a majority of 14 in the "! 1' Thompson Tarr.first round of the contest. Botih sides', rf: J u- gm and Mr. Jo. Davis,are hard at work in the contest, en- S?6? t f111! Automobiledeavoring to make a large increase in . mU jjl Lou'svile this week.. , , -r- , ' Mrs. John ATnttrw lino frWi,,.,..iattendance ay next aunaay. I'-eoruary fm n v,q,r ft ,:' " V""l"18th. ;T" r' A. . rv "" U1,u""0- "" urran. m uynunana.Mr. J. W. Jouett, of Salina, Kansar,,and Mrs. Mary Jouett, of Cynthiana,are guests of Mrs. B. F. Laughlin.Miss Lucile Baker, of Princeton.HIGH PRICE FOR CORN.many years.LEBUS BUYS ABDALLAH PRAK.Rnnrhnn ronntv farmers thoueht a-rA -yinrx 4V... nri.n of o mililii or-ln IS a uUeSL at TIlP linmo rF TV1V .!liad been made here recently when it Irs- A- L- Stephenson, near Paris,sold for $6.10 per barrel, but it remains Mrs- Vernon Parks and babe havefor Grant county to show some class returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.in corn raising. At a public sale of J- L- Ammerman, near Cynthiana.crops, etc., belonging to Mrs. R. Wav- Miss Corinne Collins has returnedland, of near Williamstown, held this from a visit to Misses Lucy and Eliz.iTveek corn reached tine unusual pric beth Howell, in Huntington, W. Va.of $6J75 ,per barrel. This is undoubt- Mrs. Harry Kerslake has gone toedly the highest price known to liavo Mcintosh Florida, to be with her fabeen Daid in Kentucky for corn in er Dr. Perry Burgin, who is vervMrs. I. D. Thompson and daughter. Miss Sarah, and Mrs. J. C. EIgmjwere visitors in Lexington, Wednes-nay.Mr. Clarence Lebus, of the Buriey Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Carter wi!ITobacco Society, has closed a contract move soon from their home in Eastfor the purchase of Abdallah Park, at Paris to a cottage on East EighthCynthiana, from Ben Hey, of Cincm- streeLnati, who now owns the property. Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr..The park contains seventy-four acres, have taken rooms and board withand was for many years used as a Tair Mrs. Qharles N. Fithian, on Pleasantgrounds. ( street.There is a mile track and an amp:-! Mrs. W. A. Johnson left Wednestheatre, numerous barns and stabler, day for a visit to her daughter, Misson the grounds, and an attractive rcui- Frances Johnson, in Huntington, v.dence, once the home of Mr. W. H. Virginia.Wilson, the noted horseman. The Mr. Buckner Woodford, Cashier ofprice paid is said to have been $22,u00. the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust. Co., was a business visitor in Louisville, Tuesday.HEALTH AND WELhAKfc Mr. and MrsLEAGUE TO CELEBRATcTVnifnrfl TnsniG will celebrate thethird anniversary of its organizationby a special meeting to be neiu in ir:a where Mr. Laughlin has greatlythe gymnasium of the Bourbon County improved during this stav.Young Men's Christian Association. I Mr. Kenney Houston, who hasDr. W. L-. Heiser, Secretary of the UPen very m for several days at hUState Tuberculosis Commission, will home on the Georgetown pike, neardeliver an address at 2:30 o'clock or. tjn-s citJ is imVLCl improved.im..1 .1: A cnv?ll Tirlfm TT1 llf Ti1.. 1 TT -it j. t a -.1. uuci iuvisi3. -" w..-. i - im,uaiu nanca iitiptui, u. . iv..exercises will be rendered, and a so- 0f this city, will meet in the Confed-i i ...sii v- rn-.'QT T?frp.li- i.. ii. j. i xRefresh- erate room in the court house to-mor-meuu:i; row afternoon, at 2:30 o'clockcial hour will be followednipnts will be served.Thepromises to be a most interesting oneOPEN NIGHT ANDUM Oil n Tl?ro rkroifirn tt fVtn TTfA TvU. IIM... LIJJM.lAKJl 111 UA1 itUl LU1I 111firmary."- , - - iur inoiiipsoii, .jr.. who na.-at our place, ueen j.i for severai weeks at the how-of Ins parents. Mr. and Mrs. AFor the best lunch to be had, eitherdav or night, stop in at our pia. i, i . nn-n linf Jo trrrn trjveryuiing m aauii wmi. & - ol Jlls parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. s.eat. Our extra special is cnarcoui Thompson, near Paris, is able to hihroiled steak." It melts in your out aaimourselves on themonth. We nrideQuality of our menu and our serviceA'HERN & BURTON.(13-2t) Tenth and Pleasant Sts.MR. D. D. CLINE ANNOUNCESFOR COUNTY ATTORNEY.out again.Mrs. J. T. Martin has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, MrsArthur Berry, in Lexington. Mrs.Berry, who has been quite ill for sometime, is greatly improved.; Mr. O. P. Carter, Sr.. who is anatient at the Massre Memorial Hor-"nital. is imnrovimr slowlv. Mr. Car-In this issue Mr. David D. Cline, oL ter celebrated his eighty-fourth birthParis, announces his entrance into the day anniversary yesterday,campaign for the office of County At-' Mrs. Carl Crawford received atorney of Bourbon county. Mr. Clino telegram Tuesday appraising lier ofis one of the best-known attorneys in the death of her brother, Mr. W. Rthis city and is at present holding the Moore, at Citronella, Alabama. Theoffice of' Public Administrator. He is burial took place in that city Wednesone of the rising young members of thu day.Paris bar and. has been very successful I A special from Martinsville, Indiin building up a good practice in this ana, says: "Messrs. Charles R. Hillcity and county. Until recently he and Noah. A. Moore, of Paris, Ky..had been a member of the firm of have arrived at the Colonial Hotel, toHutdhcraft & Cline. the firm having take treatment for rheumatism andonlv recently dissolved partnership, lumbago."Mr Cline's claims for consideration' Mrs. Duke Smith and Mrs. Geo.is a candidate for the office are based Batterton have returned from a visitiinon his fitness for the position, his to friends and relatives in Lexington,lareo experience, and a feeling Uiat he Miss Bessie Holladay will leavecan serve th countv in an official ca- this week for a visit to Mrs. Brooksnacitv just as efficiently as any of his Morgan, in Atlanta, Ga.SrSeessors or any one else who may The State Y. W. C. A. Council willtPakeTnotion to get into the game. .hold its ; annual meeting in QMillersburI.UalUll if, J miu ax. iiiia in i" iv-tw.jjfco the invitation extended to. thecouncil by the Millersburg College Y.W. C. A. and the churches of Millers-L. & N. PAY DAY.fm.M tr-oc "mnnpv to burn," spealo. ficnimtivlv of course, in Paris, burg.VedSrSnVideds of em-' -The Millersburg Dancing Club willi oc S 4hJ Tuisville & Nashville give their annual mid-winter dance mSrecether Pay checks. Millersburg on the evening of Tuesday.nSwplecan scent the ap- February 27. The hours will be fromThe "Pdj. mail a day in 9:00 to 3:30 o'clock. Music will bePSa?L nml theret no in?re welcome furnished by Smith's Quartette. Thea?Stn Arifthan the "pay man." ' committee in charge are Allen Ingels.Tne rSatoSle 1 Nashville, the three Julian Adair, H. C. Current and ReeseSMW MgJK -es t Miss Ali. T.to keep Pans woi ,- entertained informallAre ineynoL wuitu cmw-i"-o ,. Tery fullest extent.''" " SOME MORE'WEATHER.There may or may not be anythingin groundhog business ve Shear somuch. -about, but it is a certain factthat, since the little pest went backinto his winter quarters on the second day of the present month, therehas been some of the worst winterveather tiiat even "the oldest inhabitant" cannot discountFollowing the recent cold sna.p thereset in a short period of comparativemild weather, with a prospect of a i eturn to reason of. the weather manbut Wednesday nfght a heavy snowEtorm again upset all calculations,continuing witii varying degrees of intensity until yesterday afternoon, wheathe temperature took another upwardrise, and the snow began to melt.For a time the snowfall promised toequal the memorable one ol a fewvaaVc sro Ibers of the Circle met again Wednesday and finished the work.Rev. W. E. Ellis spent Tuesday asa guest of relatives in Eminence.Miss Elizabeth Brown was a recent guest of her aunt, Miss CarrieBrown, in Lexington.The ladies of the North Middlefrown Women's Club will give a "Silver Tea" at two o'clock this afternoon at the home of Mrs. Allie Dickson. in that place. Eevery member isrequested to bring a guest with them.The proceeds of the entertainmentuill be devoted to the Robert BurnsWilson memorial fund, which is beingraised by the Wqmens' Clubs ot theState.In addition to selections from Wilson's poems, and an exhibition of someof his pictures, the following programwill be rendered;Music, Mrs. T. L. Jones; Modern Music, "Improvisation" "To a WaterLilj" Mrs. H. S. Cay wood; ModernMasters, Mrs. L. D. Mitchell; "To aWild Rose," "Humoresque," Mrs. JohnChristopherson; "An Indian Song,""A Perfect Day," Mrs. L. R. Henry;"A Wedding Day," Mrs. T. L. Jones.KENNEY & MITCHELL SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney furnishesthe following report of the sale heldyesterday by Mrs. William Kenney andMrs. Albert Mitchell, at the Clendeninfarm on the Clintonville pike: Cowssold for $60 to ?107 per heqid; heifer3from $30 to ?50 per head1; bull $77,farming implements and householdeffects sold well. The attendance wasgood, considering the weather.THIS DON'T MEAN YOU.Ilarrv Simon . re-turned Wednesdav from Kpiv Vnvirtt i i where they have been on a combinedThe Bourbon County Health and business and pleasure trip. iMr. and Mrs. George W. Laughlin.lormeny or raris, are at LakelandMrs. W. E. Board left WednesdaiJ for Louisville, where she will reside i.m uie ruture. Mrs. tiaard has accepr-oi n nifTf nnsilinn f?i thr Mnrtnn Tn.If vou have paid your subscription"to THE BOURBON NEWS don't takethis to yourself. If you hanven't.giveit a little thought but don't get soreeither. We just need the money thatis due us, that's all. Quite a numberof our friends have suggested to usthat they thought perhaps we wer.joking when we told of the troublewhich country newspapers face in thematter of securing paper upon whicito prinL Some have said they suspected it simply a new scheme to induce subscribers to "pay up," or an excuse for the increase in our prices onadvertising space, etc. Luckily forTHE BOURBON NEWS, howeverenough of our patrons have understood the situation and "come across"and it has enabled us to secure enoughnews-print paper at a tremendous costto take care of our patrons for thepresent. The situation is just acuteas ever, and the price of printing material continues to go up, and if thosewho do owe us will just "come across"we will be able to continue givingthem one of the best local papers inthe State at the sa)ne old price of$2.00 per year.' One fellow who owedseveral years subscription put up theexcuse that "they wuzn't no paperworth $2.00 a year," and the editor replied, neither was tobacco wortii$113.50 a basket, nor gasoline 25 ceiusper gallon, nor 10 pounds of sugarw orth a dollar, potatoes $2.00 a bushel,'bow bosom' 23 cents a pound, etc."So don't get-ore at us. Goodnessknows we didn't start that war mEurope.IANNOUNCEMENT.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEY.We are authorized to annouueoDAVID D. CLINE. of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor the office of County Attorney ofBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic voters at the primary election on August 4, 1917. -88i881i i -i - zSM. 'J V vVjjjSL )This is theVictrola X, J7SWednesday at her home on Mainstreet, in honor of Miss Williams.Miss Emma Hunt, of Frankfortwell-known by her connection with theTuberculosis work in Kentucky, is aguest of Mrs. Denis Dundon. MissHunt came over to attend the celebration of the anniversary of the foundingof tflie Bourbon County Health & Welfare League, which will be held hereto-day. Prom here Miss Hunt will goto Bowling Green on business for theTuberculosis Conmission.The Mission Circle of the Christian church, conducted a successfulall-day sewing Tuesday at the churcnparlors. Thirty members of the Circle besides a number of visitors, werepresent The young ladies mads alarge assortment of pillow cases, napkins, table cloths, sheets, etc., for theMorehead School. They also cut up alarge quantity of carpet rags for rugsto ho sold bv the young women. Alunch was served at noon. The meni-Little folksenjoy the- VictrolaThey enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children into hear some of (he special Victor Records forchildren. We'll gladlyplay them ai'd tell you howctsy it is to get Victoror Victrola $10 to $4C0.I sfls Til!DAUGHERTYBROSHOUSE DRESSESThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses were unbeatable, but the latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREmm t ft-ftiwwjEjccirfcm flWrnkt illli I' IwMsSIIPTHEELECTRICBRAND(CFamed-For-Fit ' yfor this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses.From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields"$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56PRANK & COMPAINIVIF I II 10 IE IIDon't Let ANYTHING Keep YouAway From OurBIG CASH SALE13 TT :Ft 1 3XT C3rFebruary and March!Brussells gxiz Rugs, $12.80Is Only One oi Our Big Features&$&&"REMEMBERBig reductions on every article inour immense Stock..' S.-.THEJ.T.HINTOJVCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.H.. .weeks ago.-1,4:?PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY It. lflf-)iLKllF4"FOR RENT.Tkree unfurnished rooms at No. 733 ward for any case of catarrh that can-1 Chance stepped fortih and snatchedWalker avenue. Hot and cold water not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure, three wcpien from the flames nearmid other conveniences. Call Homo P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O. Stamping Ground, Scott county, SunMtme 239. (jan30-tf) We, the undersigned, have known F. day morning. The George Yates resi-J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and dence was a mass of roaring fire whenbelieve him perfectly honorable in all David Robbinson, a neighbor, passe 1Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,keep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprioe for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any nlace in the city. Cally Cumberland phone 374. Office onghth Street.(29-oct-lyr)MAX MUNICH.Public SaleOFStock and FarmingImplementsHaving sold my farm, I will sell atjwiblic auction, at my farm near Mt.armel Church, on the Cynthianapike, onThursday, Feb, 22, 1917,lginning at 10 o'clock a. m. the following: 100 head of ewes;25 grade Shorthorn yearling steersad heifers;an5 registered Shorthorn cowscalves;2 registered Shorthorn bulls;3 sows and pigs;6 gilts to pig;10 shoats;feariidraTglldf i"s; ,1 three-year-old draft mare;1 one-year-old filly;1 extra buggy mare;1 20-horsepower coal oil engine;1 Ohio cutting box for filling s'ilo;1 top-buggy;Farm implements of all kinds;Some household and kitchen furniture. TERMS All sums under $20, cash;usual terms for all larger sums.J. M. SCOTT.(feb6-td)M. F. Renaker, Auct.Public SaleOFBourbon Co. FarmPuruant to the power to sell andreinvest the property herein described expressly conferred upon me bytke will of my mother, Mrs. ElizabethB, Ranck, of record in the office ofthe Clerk of the Bourbon Countvourt, in will Book T, page 253, Jwill, onSaturday, Feb.17,1917,a.t ihft court house door in Parin.Kentucky, at about the hour of 11'clock a. m., expose to public saletke followine lands lvincr in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, and fronting on theHawkins & Cummins Turnpike about7 Miles from Paris:About 39 acres of land, subject lourvey, fronting on said turnpike, ad-joining J. H. Bell on the north andiraet and D. M. Frederickson and Williitn Sageser on the south and saidturnpike on the eastTERMS. iSaid sale will be frnade for one-tkird cash, payable March 1, 1917,when deed will be delivered, balancei one and two years from March 1,1S17, with interest from date, payableannually. For any further informationfcHuire of my attorneys, Talbott kWkitley.MRS. ELEANOR M. WILLIAMS.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Feb6-9-13-16)PUBLIC SALEOFSplendid Bourbon County FarmOne That will Produce the Crop That WillBring the Money,I will sell to the highest bidder, onSaturday, February 17th, 1917at 1 p. m., o'clock, at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky., my farm of 292aarea on the Bethlehem pike, 4 miles from Paris, 14 miles from Lexington,amd 3 miles from Hutchison Station, on the L. & N. railroad. Farm has onit a ffood residence of 7 roofcns, and has only been built a few years. Ha3tllar, batih room, fine cistern at door, and is in a beautiful location, in4iter of farm.There are two good tobacco barrs on the place, will hold 18 acres.me of the tobacco barns and good stock barn with 10 box stalls, are nearlyw. New double corn crib with metal roof; meat house, carriage house,tool house, and all outbuildings. Good tenant house of 5 rooms. Farm ioftmll water with good springs, ponds and running water.This farm is in one of the best sections of the county, the land laysV&U with very little waste land. It Las been used as a thoroughbred horseliirm for nearly forty years, and it is one of the richest farms in BourbonHflty.There is some virgin soil, with much old blue grass sod that hasn'tfcen plowed in 20 to 40' years.I will show prospective purchasers over the place, or Mr. Graritt, wholives onvthe farm, will be glad to show It to you at any time.THRMS Liberal and made known on day ot sale., S. K. NICHOLS,Paris. Ky.GBO. Dr SPEAKBS, -Auctioneer.(Jam. Jl-t) "HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Ro-business transactions and finally ableto carry out any obligations made byhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE, iToledo, O.(Feb-adv)amm .F"MTnharrn I a Tin lAf nnfpflv " v MM , house just as the blazing roof cavedT iOQ; tn Mnf th bnrp frmrJin, scattering firebrands over thetwelve to fifteen acres or good land, !suitable for raising a crop of tobacco.Can give the very best of referencesfrom men on whose places I havew,in k r.y.nnt, t 1Q1K t ntcori 14u ci,nn TOa,iomonplace that brought from 16 c to 38';per pound, one of the best sales atthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse. Am.at present located on the H. H.IKriegel place, near Paris. Address,J. P. WALTON,(13-4t) Route 7, Paris, Ky.Beauty CulturistCornl, Vrr "Mr, 1 41 K TSTntirt nivnqtrPPt Paris Kv a'trraduate of The for the Position of Deputy by the latestreet, .raris, isjy a graauate or ineirp. T c,.fVl fl, fif CfotQ ri-Moler College of Beauty Culture, of !niiott ff i,ne000 i ATni.ine Commissioner, when he was ap-UJHViuuau, vnoio nv. .j,i. , v--o m aiauu 'curing, Hair Dressing and SanitaryTreatments. If called will be pleased fames B; McCreary.. When Gov. Stant wf iodine nf fi,n,v immoe le' appointed Senator George G. Speer,Cumberland Phone 618. (9-4 1)For Rent.Two rooms on Main street, betweenEighth and Psinth. Furnished or uifurnished. Conveniences, centrally located. Apply to(9-3t) MISS NANNIE KELLER.Notice to Water Consumers.Wntp.r firvmiTits nr ronrlrrl fornimrtPr from Jnnnnrv tn Anrii i nnHmust ha in- nt Mm nffiPA nf ih Poris.Water Company in fifteen days, or wa-ter win oe snut oil. Parties aesiringto do so can (pay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates du anvone will h icredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Administrator's SaleOFLIVE STOCKANDHousehold Furniture!As administrator of WJn. Ardery, Iwill sell at public auction at the Ardery place, on the Ardery pike, threemiles west of Millersburg, Ky., onTuesday Febrnary mbeginning at ten o'clock a. m., thefollowing:morses.1 10-yeai-old mare;2 Jersey cows with calves;2 good Jersey cows, fresh soon;2 red cows;3 black cows;2 black yearling heifers;2 Jersey yearling heifers;6 steer calves;3 heifer calves;1 2-year-old steer;1 black poll bull;75 barrels whitecorn in crib inNovember;Sonne hay and fodder;Some houshold furniture.TERMS Made known onsale.day ofSAM ARDERY,I Administrator of Wm. Ardery,ru jj-. u. xno. o, jrans, rvyC. E. VanHook, Auctioneer.(9-13-16)THREE WOMEN HAVE NAR-NOW ESCAPES FROM FIRE.by. He rushed into the flaming hometo find Mrs. Yates, who is confinedto her bed by illness; Mrs. Yates'mother, Mrs. Manfred of Frankfor.and sister, Mrs. Duvalle, imprisoned'and helpless. The latter twowomen also were ill. Shouting foribis sister, who he had left on the road1 c?irlA 1T TJrli titri itrffVi lint rtirA'rushed the three women from th?yaIJ-XIToQrn Vinn ''loss of $2,250. Insurance of $800 was?dl ?? the residence and ?o00 onie iunuiure. a ueiecuve nuo is oeilieved to have been the cause.REVILL RESIGNS AS DEPUTYBANK COMMISSIONER.Deputy State Banking CommissionerRankin R. Revill has resigned his position to become the representative i.iKentucky of the National Bank ofOoiriierce in New York. Mr. Revillhas held his position under the Statesince the creation of the Departmentin 1912 and three years of his term1 r -. r4-11 imr'vir1 11a tfnP t3 rtl f4-j-t1" c ol-"1 uiioaiicu. xic o iwic-l! Thomas J. Smith, the first State Bank-- .i,,f,l J it, ,,,,. f 1Q10 h,r r .V V "n " ". 'n"J 'of Frankfort, to succeed CommissionerSmitih, Mr. Revill was reappointed foranother term of four years, from June,1916.He was graduated from the Washington, D. C, public schools andRpnrrotnwn C.nUofre TCpnrimkv. nmlthe University of Cincinnati Collegeof Law in 1894. lie practiced law inWashington and then went to Covington, where he was Court Deputy forthe Circuit Court Clerk before returning to the banking business.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSMUST GET NEW CERTIFICATESCounty Superintendents who got byunder the law requiring a certificatefrn the State examiners becauseey were in office when the law wasz ' . ,. """' "-" - -State teachers' diploma or certificateo a special examination, uau ueueisecure another certificate before tneyrun again, in the opinion of AttorneyGeneral Logan.The law states that, if a Superintendent does not possess a diploma orcertificate covering the duration othis iterm of office, he must get a special certificate, equivalent to themfrom the State examiner, before inenters office. Some of them "thoughtas they were equivalent to the regularcertificates, they were of the sameduration, eight years, and could be renewed. General Logan thinks otherwise, and said if they were for eightyears they would expire before theend of their next terms. So he htlinonishes them that, while the law isvague on this point, and they mayhave the right, it will be safer forthem to secure new certificates.KENTUCKY GETS $194,943FROM U. S. FOR ROAD WORK.Kentucky will get $194,943.82 as herapportionment of Federal aid for ruralpost roads for the fiscal year endingJune 30, 1918, according to announcement of the Secretary of AgricultureHouston.Apportionment of $10,000,000 to various States for roads was announcedby Secretary Houston. The funds arethe apportionment for the fiscal yearending June 30, 1918.To meet the cost of administeringthe law, ?300,000 has been deductedof the remaining $9,700,000. Illinoisgets $441,852; Indiana, $271,495; Kentucky, $194,943; Mississippi, $177,811;Ohio, $373,810; Tennessee, $228,300;Texas, $583,855, and West Virginia,$106,540.In addition $1,000,000 will be apportioned for the development of roadsor trails within or partly within thenational forests. The law providesthat $15,000,000 shall be apportionedin the fiscal year of 1919; $20,000,009in 1920 and $25,000,000 in 1912.According to one Washington report, the United States may decline todiscuss peace with Berlin while theGermans are engaged in trying to barthe doors to peace with the underseawarfare.They are preparing to protect NewYork frqm attacks by sea, but nothingcould prevail against the invasion ofthe spenders from "the provinces."utmizm,WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April30, 1917, with final return limit Mav31, 1917, to all principal tourist joint3in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NortiiCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further information,-call on or addrees, W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A FRIEND'SADVICEWoman Saved From a Serious Surgical Operation.Louisville, Ky. "For four years Isuffered from female troubles, headaches, and nervousness. I could notsleep, had no appetite and it hurt me towalk. If I tried to do any work, Iwould have to lie down before it wasfinished. The doctors said I wouldhave to be operated on and I simplybroke down. Afriend advised meto try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,and the result is Ifeel like a new woman. I am well andstrong, do all myown house work anahave an eight pound baby girl. I knowLydia E. Pinkhama Vegetable Compound saved me from an operationwhich every woman dreads." Mrs.Nellie Fishback, 1521 Christy Ave.,Louisville, Ky.Everyone naturally dreads the surgeon's knife. Sometimes nothing elsewill do, but many times Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has savedthe patient and made an operation unnecessary. If you have any symptom about whichyou would like to know, write to theLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn.Mass., for helpful advice given free.BIG GAINS BY THEBANKS IN SMALL CITIESA sharp shrinkage in the resourcesof national banks in the chief citiesof the country and gains showing astrength never before attained on thepart of banks in smaller towns anjcities, disclosed in the Controller of theCurrency's statement of bank conditions on December 27 were made public at Washington. A net shrinkageoi one hundred and eighty six millionsin resources is shown. New Yorl.banks lost two millions, Boston fifteen millions, San Franciscoseven and St. Louis five millions. Louisville, Ky gained five millions increase each. Numerous citiesand towns showed lesser increase.YOU'RE BILIOUS! LET"CASCARETS" LIVENLIVER AND BOWELSDon't Stay Headachy, Constipated,Sick, With Breath Bad andStomach Sour.Get a 10-cent box now.You imen and wojnen who can't getfeeline; right who have headache,coated tongue, bad taste and foulbreath, dizziness, can't sleep, are bilious, nervous and upset, bothered witha sick gassy, disordered stomach, orliave a bad cold.J Are you keeping your bowels cleanUvith Cascarets, or merely forcing aj passageway every few days with salts'cathartic pills or castor oil?I Cascarets work while you sleep:cleans the stomach, remove the sourundigested, fermenting food and foul'gases; take the excess bile from theliver and carry out of the system allthe constipated waste matter andpoison In the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will straightenyou out by morning a 10-cent boxfrclu any drug store will keo yourstqmach sweet, liver and bowels regular, and head clear for months. Don'tforget the children. They love Cascarets because they taste good nevergripe or sicken. (adv)GERMANS USING BASEFOR THEIR U-BOATS.NEW YORK, Feb". 15. German commerce raiders have been using a smallisland in the Amazon River as a baseof supplies and operation, accordingto statements made by passengerswho arrived on the steamer Sergipe ofthe Lloyd Braziliero Line.The Sergipe cleared from Pernambuco on January 17 and is the firstvessel to reach New York from thatport since the Japanese freighter Hudson Haru arrived there with 305 survivors from some of the vessels sunkby the raider.THE BEST RECOMMENDATION.The strongest recommendation anyarticle may receive is a favorableword from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanda Gierhart, Waynesfield, Ohio, writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere. '(Feb-adv)POSTAL TELEGRAPH OFFICEIN NEW QUARTERS.The office of the Postal TelegraphCqmpany in this city has been movedfrom its former location on Mainstreet, adjoining Bruce Holladay'rstore room, to new and more commodious quarters in the room next tothe Western Union office, formerly occupied by Russ Corbin's barber shop..'The rooms have been handsomelyI furnished and present quite a neai.aDnearance. Manager John McDer-jnott is proud of his new ho)ne. MrRobert S. Porter, news correspondentfor the daily pagers, has an office inthe Postal.CONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLJThat draggy, listless, oppressed fee'-'ing generally results from constipa-;tion. The intestines are clogged and ,the blood becomes Psoneu "e nevethis condition at once with Dr. King sNew Lafe fills; tnis genue, noa-grip-ing laxative is quickly effective. Aiiose at bedtime will make you feelbrighter in tne morning, uei a oow -'tie to-day at-your Druggist, 25c."Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suits and OvercoatsShoeSj &atsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sale! "Savethe Difference!"TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollsi-in, PropMARDI GRASfcb.15-20, 1917New Orleans, La. Mobile, Ala.$23.00 Round Trip $20.45 Round TripFROM LEXINGTONSOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale for use on Tebrauary 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and19. Good returning to reach Lexington prior to midnight, March 2,1917.Privilege of extension to March 19, 1917, on deposit of ticket andpayment of fee of $1.00.For tickets and full information apply toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, Lexington, Kentucky.Service FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provids an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. iiMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.AUTOIOL'M HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to ai--"..s to oar friends that I can, where desired,furnish an autortre httm or ambulance. This method oftransportation tt especially desired on long trips, the smina being made in better time, and at no advance in cost OTer thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. YV. DAVIS,- - - "' - """T"""'"T"""t - - ""T..f. - T. - t.A - - T - J -A MAN AND HIS WIFEfffin M'lLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 , Home Phone I691- 2A GOOD INVESTMENTsays M. D. Reynolds, Madison,who states: "1 had rheumatismteen years; used, three boxes ofWis-nine-RHEUMATIC POWDERSana nave uirowo. wy cruicaw. xoucan afford to try them. Sold only byus, 50c and $1.00.j.OBntDORTER.Th Drcf fffet, Paris, Ky.JlBEEIsQrTRADE MARK-Funeral Director.- - f -f f-f- J J---- lIMIIIIIIIIjjmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatt saving, must surely satisfy you.m A phone brings us.EATING A PLEASUREwhenLoss of appetite indicates that thstomach needs to be cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action. TRADE MARKTONIC DIGESTIVEfor this purpose ana fuaramgire relief. Sold only by 'rOBlRDORFUt,. Tlw DriCTirf, Facte, Kyis soldteeV-teed toH-imiDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGESKYWf'1ihPERUNA in Your HomeA housewife must give the first aid in colds, coughs andother ailments. Her promptness in applying the remedy oftensaves a serious illness. Her experience with remedies has ledher to know that PERUNA is always reliable, that she shouldhave it on hand for the immediate treatment of coughs andcolds, and that it is always to herThe FamilySafeguardThe experience of onewoman, given herewith, istypical of thousands of letters that reach the PerunaCompany from gratefulfriends who have found theirhomes incomplete, and theirfamily safety indanger withoutPERUNA.GERMAN "NOTE" ANSWEREDBY AMERICAN "NOTE."1Mrs.George Parker,4.-Watcr St., Menasha. Wis., writes:'Vc have used Peruna in our familyfor a number ofyears, aud havefound it a perfectlyreliable medicine.It soon rids the system of any tracesof a cold, and prevents serious consequences. "I began using itfor catarrh, whichI suffered vith agood many years.but hrvd net bese very serious until recently.Sutce 1 hav. taken Penma the dropping in myt-M ' L - ... .Mtinued, and m head and noser xrt e? stepped up in the morning. I ampk-.il voth :he results, and shall continue toMe it until I am entirely rid of catarrh."f itfan.ih recommend itasanhonestjmedicuje."W..t it doc for iter it is ready to do for jou.Colds and CatarrhThe great weight of testimony that hac accumulated in the 44 years that PERUNA has been on themeri:et peeves it, beyond question, to be the reliable family remedy, ever rcutly to take, preventing the serious effects of colds,cctfgiis, np and derangements of the digestive organs. Thisproof is published from time to time and many families haveprofited by itRncai!jr yr,a t?s &'. .In PHRUKA ia Ithicl fana fcr year conresifscu Carry itwitfc r wd -r imtiiitd an-intt ui3cc zlteci:.The Feruna Company, Columbus, Ohiomw XWINTER BRINGS COLDSTO THE CHILDREN.SEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. The following statement, issued by Secretaryj Lansing, and the subjoined imernorandaset iorcn line latest developments in tnecontroversy between the United Statesand Germany:"In view of the appearance in thenewspapers of February 11 of a reportI that Germany was initiating negotiations witn tne united states m regardto the submarine warfare, the Department of State makes the followingstatement:"A suggestion was made orally tothe Denartment. nf Sta.to Into Rnturflnvafternoon by the Minister of Switzei-'5land that tihe Ger)nan Government is 1 ej willing to negotiate with the United ' gStates, provided the commercial block-ade against England would not be in-terfered with. At the request of the JSecretary of State this suggestion wa1 made in writing and presented to him 'by the Swiss Minister, Sunday night.The communication, was made as follows :'"Memorandum: The Swiss Govern -nient (has been requested by the German Government to say that the latteris now, as before, willing to negotiateformally with the United States, provided that the commercial blockadeagainst England will not be brokenthereby. P. RITTER."This memorandum was given immediate consideration, and the followingwas dispatched in answer." 'My Dear Mr. Minister: I a-m requested by the President to say to youin acknowledging the meHnoranduirwhicth you were kind enugh to sendme on the 11th inst, that the Government of the United States would gladly discuss with the German Government any questions it might proposefor discussion were it to withdraw itsproclamation of the 31st of January, inEDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerEDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLfl. S. CAYWOODA. L. STEPHENSONJ. L. DENTONDirectorsROBT. E. BEATTYLUTHER STIVERSC. D. fflLSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURRISA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSJL child rarely goes through the-whole winter without a cold, and everyMother should have a reliable remedyJumdy. Fever, sore throat, tight chestand croupy coughs are sure symptoms.A. dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeywill loosen the phlegm, relieve theingested& - v r rwv n. Tf nn tin i crnim t? m ui i 'iiin .. - - . . . -j auuacpui, jjiuc umai "-' - that Unamberlain's uougn Kemedy issoothe. For croup, whooping couga oue of mie very best medicineS anlnd chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.wiu know what to do when : have an.Mi's Pine Tar Honey. At all Drug-jother cold obtainable everywhere.tets, 2oc. (Feb-adv)(Feb-adv) I"On December first I had a verv se-vera cold or attack of the grip as it SSr.? inltfLVJ,TTintimntinn nf nnv kind, it canceled themay be, and was nearly down sick in assurances which it had given thisbed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby, Government on the 4th of May lastMoi the phlegm, relieve the ' onl a few d untn j WM completely ne Mieiioltey olungs and stop the cough. rest0red to health I firmly believe ; Pncy OLjtic pine balsatns heal and ,, uQ,.io5'L nmmh Pnmorw ; against neutrals ifBRST II my horse isI boueht two bottles of Cham- (the Sussex note), but it does not feelberlain's Cough Remedy and it was """ " c'ln enier " - ""W1UI1 IUU VIV;illiaJl uuciium-'iw w..-. 'submarine warfareInch it is now pursuing, unless ano uniu uie uermuuGnvernmont renews its assurance ofthe 4th of May and acts upon theassurances. I am, my dear Minister.&c,"'ROBERT LANSING.'"No other interchange on this subj"ct has taken place between this Goveminent and any other Government orperson."THE BOURBON1 Tobacco Warehouse Co.Has Sold4,401,120 Founds of TobaccoComeat once!sick.Prompt attention must be giv-ea ailing stock so that farm work may not be delayed.Bell Telephone Service on the farm enables youto get the veterinary quickly.It also keeps you in touch with the markets andyour neighbors.If there is no telephone on your farm write today for our Free Booklet.Ad dress :-Farmers' Line Department.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE& TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDWASHINGTON. FEB. 15. Bxpul-Jsjoii by the Geiynan military autnori-t.'es of the American Commission orRelief in Belgium and NorthernFrance, after its two and a half years'of devoted service, during "viiich thegreatest and most sustained reliefwork in history was built up, waoofficially reported to tihe State Department, Monday, in a telegram from MrPage, in London. The news was received here with prolound regret, thedevelopment being regarded as one ofthe most deplorable of the fmany deplorable results which have flowelfrom Germany's announcement of unrestricted warfare on January 31.O999mm9a09oo99999por819.666.54EBsma11 Average ofS18.62No Market in the State Has as Higha General Average.fBOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.urasp an II IILONDON, Feb. 15. The AmericanCommissioner tor ueiei in jaeigiuu-has officially notified the German authorities that the Americans will withdraw from participation in the reliefwork in Belgium and Northern France.This step was taken in reply to anorder from the German authoritiesI that Americans must withdraw fromthe provinces of Belgium and Nortnem France, leaving only a few of theronrpsentatives, headed by BrandWhitlock, American Minister to Belgium, in BrusselsTO EXCLUDE SPIES FROM CANALZONE.WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. An executive order to exclude spies and otherundesirable persons from the PanamaCanal Zone and give to the Governorvirtually unlimited authority to regulate immigration there, has been signed by President Wilson.TOKYO, Feb. 15. Viscount Motone,Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs,at a conference with th$ Chinese Minister, has approved the attitude ofChina toward Germany as it has beenexpressed in China's reply to the German note on unrestricted submarinewarfare, according to tne newspaper.GIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR.S FEBRUARY 11917!0Be Ready toanOpportunity!Tomorrow this very day a few hundred dollars might give you achance in hnsiness, in real estate, that would start you on the road towealth.HAVE YOU THE FEW HTJNDEED? If you haven't, make up yourxiind to accumulate that sum, for there's no telling when such an opportunity will present itself.Start a Bank Account TodayFarmers' & Traders' BankF P K PrfdBt JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CaihierWM. GRIMES. BooMcpr.Sixth and Mam Streets, Paris, Ky1mmINDEPENDENTI TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.Hair Stops Falling Out and Gets ThickWavy, Strong and Beautiful.Your hair becomes light, wavy,fluffy, abundant and appears as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine hair cleanse.Just try this pnoisten a cloth with alittle Danderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. This will cleansethe hair of dust, dirt and excessiveoil and in just a few moments you havedoubled the beauty of your hair.Besides beautifying the hair at once,Danderine dissolves every particle ofdandruff; cleanses, purifies and invigorates the scalp, forever stopping itch-!nr onrt fnlHncr hair.But what will please you most willbe after a few weeks' use when you!will actually see new hair fine andldowny at first yes but really newhair growing all over the scalp. uyou care for pretty, soft hair and lotsof it surely get a 25-cent bottle o. tifimffiWR Danderine from any drug-;gist or toilet counter, and just try it.0 (adv)PARIS, KENTUCKYBREAKSAll Records For Tobacco SalesSeason's Average $1 8.55TRANSPORTATION CO. FILESRecordsFloor Average $24.09 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredTwo Baskets $150.00 per hundredARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ,g 3The Lexington & North Middletown (Transportation Co., with a capitalof $1000, filed articles of incorporc-jtion in the office of the Secretary of;State, at Frankfort. The incorporators are P. T. Fightmaater, I. S. Reynolds and Wm. FigHtmaater. Thett,ttiv will ooerate an auto deliveryrke --betwen North Middletown Zarid Lexingtoa.If you want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.fjlMlHi tJfcftMMCHAS. C. CLARKE; Manager8iItmxmImIsmPAGE BIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYl'.V' i I.l?t" Vif1 1.3in-,1?'. MILLERSBURG:Messrs. R. L. Powell and J. G.Allen continue very much the same.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Moffett weieia Cincinnati, Friday and Saturday.Miss Mabel Rhodes, of Elizavil'o,,-ia the guest of her cousin, Mrs. E. M.Thompson. iMrs. M. E. Pruitt returned Fridayafter a ten days' visit to her sisters.Mrs. Hawkins, of Corbin, and Mrs.Williams, of Stanford.Miss Aleta Wilson was a gue:-tC Mrs. W. S. Judy, in Lexington, sev-ral days. Miss Wilson will give a re-i its! in expression at the Ghristan' church Monday evening.The State Convention of the Y. W.O. A. will convene in MillersburgJProm March 9 to 11, inclusive. Abouttfty delegates will be present fromvarious parts of the State.MrsMinnie Hurst, who thas beaconfined to her home for some tiirswith the grippe, was able to attendchurch on Sunday. Since then she hasi ff nftxA n ralnnca orir? ic fliroin rtl!lt.ouu.wiu a. 'wu-f .iv. ue,.AU ,-w......ed to her home.i.Club isThe Twentieth CenturyH?1S5? LP? dntepLt! SSTasiuui wi tuv. am., v., ucfaiimm6 -.Hesaay, anu win ciobe at o p. m. u.-day. There are two hundred picturesm the selection, the property o the & Nashville for an Eastern trip via"Bison. Art Co., of Boston, Mass. These Cincinnati. The bride is a handsomeare photographs from many of the young woman, a daughter of Mrs. Marworks of ancient and modern art of garet King, on the Paris pike, nearall the art galleries of the world. It Mt Sterling. The groom is a sucis indeed a beautiful and sublime cessful young farmer of Bath county,scene, and every one should avail J The attendants at the wedding werethemselves of the ODDortunity of see-'ing them. The proceeds are to gofor the purchase of pictures for thewalls of the Graded School building.Bo not fail to help the cause.The town was aroused about 4:30Tuesday a. m. by an alarm of fire,urVifAli lsrac frmnri tn lip in thf hnso-Tt rf tho hnii,iin f Mrs. so v 'nTr.Sandusky, occupied by theSStmSkfit. Tte stock and furnituTAw AmJ whit not!LS !: S yJVl aLa hvl UJHUU UJ UUC it, uviub itM o .water and smoke, as was the large partf Uie grocery stock of Mr. J. HThompson. Messrs. Alfred Pence, T.R. Rigdon and Wallace Bowles occupied rooms above the meat market andwprfl iMit aroused until the hre wasn-i, 4- .?,ri rtrell under way.in; c.au ui .3" -tho fire is unknown. The work of rejwdr has already begun. Insurancewas carried on the stock by Mr. Rigion and Mrs. Sandusky. Mr. Rigdon5s now conducting his meat market inthe front of the pool room occupied byRigdon & Pence. Mr. Rigdon and Mrs.S&ndusky desire to thank all who soably assisted in trie work of fightiuitke fire Tuesday morning.One of the most romantic main-..rnc. nmnncr ATllloitlVmrr' nPOTlln Tfi-cently was that of Miss Bessie How-iLTu, ui wivronu uciubuuci vi !. "..-Mrs. James Howard, of this city, toMr. Kenton Maffett of Peoria, 111., for-merly of Uiis neighborhood. Aboutfour years ago ttiey became sweet-J i.l. lAnf nnrrlifnr iriF All- ll'flhearts. About three years ago MrMaffett went to Peoria, 111., where hey. holds a position with the Union Ser-1 ice Co., automobile builders andelectricians. He and Miss Howardhave meet several times since then.Mr. Maffett came home last week toiRit his -narents. Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher Maffett, and called on Miss Hov-Ard. Miss Howard vent to rans,Mondav, wher s-'ie purchased nerwedding trousseau. The youngPe-le left Millersburg. eanesuay onthe 9:26 tiain for Lexington, wherethey were umtod in marriage, gomjrrrom there to Louisville, where thevwill spend a short honeymoon, andfrom thence to his home in Peoria, ,111. This young ccuple both belongto good families. Mr. Howard, fatherf the bride, conducts a meat marketin Millersburg, and is doing a good jbusiness. Mr. Fletcher Maffett, lathert the bridegroom, is a prominent andprosperous farmer of the Hooktovnaelghborhood. Mr. Maffett is one ofour most exemplary young men, fullol energy pluck and business. Thebridft Is an attractive vounE lady, aChristiandevout member of thei-..l. i ...I.Snli fVi-T- lii-fVi liolrcnfTUllUtu, mj aiiv.u. t"c uuul "-and interested in church worK. ineyrlllCVbegin life under most favorable cir-,oumst&nces.(Other Millersburg on Page 3.)"" HUTCHISON.Mr. M. R. Jacoby continues quite.ill with pneumonia.Miss Myra Jacoby is visitingfriends at Winchester.Miss Anna Bagge is quite ill atker hopne near Hutchison.-Mr. and Mrs. Lee Penn haveturned from an extended trip toto1-jut. ana Mrs. (jiyae luce, ol i-.ex-iIngton, are visiting friends nearHutcihison.--The pupils of the Hutchison school-entertained wnn a vaienune pany on:tae 1111 inSU A,1C "o "" uluci iuicicouub oiuv-im-Tiie regular services will be hoid::'Succeeding in New Ways" gives some-f tt,a niioTl Q,tHnv liv tho linearW rAJU 44-v UUUUJ w w &'kw.wTRer. J. J. Dickey.Mrs. Thos. Berkley and daughter, actresses, and the fashions, cooking,Ulan have returned home after ?.an nfhor romilnr HonnrHnonfc nro ai'f&'UW&Tl,visit to friends at Lexington.Th.e many friends of Mr. SteveBurbridge will regret to hear that lisIs gradually growing weaker.Mr. Victor Snell is closing out hisline of merchandise, preparing to mov eto his farm on the Peacock pike.The many friends of Mrs. James" jf, Wilmoth. will be glad to hear that shehas recovered from a recent illness,' te.and is able to be out again.Alr Mr. and Mrs. Quincy Burgess. hoi:M T nm V j-kl Vrxv v w 4- T .rtt nave Deen b " " - ""- include all sorts from the highest:. igk for the ptjjro years, will d binoculars suitabie for artilleryrftft-rsL la a short time to their farm ,. . f i , , ,I-r : TTToMnn -. j range-finding to old-fashioned tele-iar tiwcmson. x iscsopes that are used to distinguish-, -pm friend- of Miss Luc ille Mc hwme rom friendly aer0pianes. Thef Zytl SSf Lk to f l contributed chiefly bvMr MJ3aia. Thi are well-known, hunters and followers of horse-racing." IitV w tkey hareboth bm' f re- Thy came fropi the 'remotest parts-mwmt rMfeors. ' ' tne BmPire even frotnMalaysia.!! - MATRIMONIAL.' Marriage license were issued fromthe office of County Clerk Pearce Patonyesterday to Mr. John M. Moss andMiss Lena Herrington and! Mr. Nelson Jtiuiocic ana juiss iNzmeua juoiv.-land, all of this county. The firstnamed conole were married in thecourt house by Judge 0. A. McMillan.LEMONS RITCHIE.A marriage license was issue 1Tiincflnv frnin tho ntUno rf fVmiitvP,rlr pPfirpA Pj,tnn tn Mr wiiih.,Richie and Miss Birdie Lemons bothof near Millersburg.JOHNSON COOPER.Miss Mollie Catherine Johnson, of.this county, and Mr. Joseph W. Cooper,of Clark county, were married in thoparlors of the Paris Christian churcnWednesday afternoon, by the Rev.John Christonherson, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,.KING HICKEY.' Tir Tnl.n Annnm Tj;1-rtr -f. aLl. oumi -"UiKn iiiv,n.c., yj01 i i Tvricr, m;0n.,nf-V. f atV clori 7uZ 1 rVKing, of Mt. Sterling, who were main-JfSJfS. ,j "'' . ..., tnum iu 011114,, """"""rs '"eaten, uie last irain on uie uiui&vmyMr. Russell O'Connell, of Carlisle anuMiss Janie Clancey, abride.cousin of thoBROOKS BEALERT.At his residence in Winchester,luesaay. nev. j. a. lucem. p-ot the Winchester Christian Church"- i v -r tt i r TTm .." f mperformed theceremony uniting inmarriage Miss Georgia Brooks, of nearEscondida, and Mr. Letcher Bealert, ofnear Hutchison. The bride is thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Forrestnl.o. F nn TT'nTiirlfi Qlm hnJJ1UOIV3, VI 11CU1 UI.UUU1UU. u'"'for several years been teacher of theBible class at Escondida, and teacherof the cradle roll department Mr.Bealert is a young fanner of thoHutchison precinct.Mr.andMrsBealert will reside at the liome of the... IT , , .bridegroom, near Hutchison.STEPHENSON PERRY.The home of Squire and Mrs. A. L.Stephenson near Clintonville, was thesecene of a pretty wedding Mondaywhen their daugiiter. Miss Hazel, oneof the most attractive young womenin Bourbon County, became the brdeof Mr. John T. Perry, of Lexington.I Tbp marriaee took nlace at eiuht0'ci0ck, the ceremony being perform--l J. l,n nr-nc,rrnn. if ntllr ihn imm.diate relatives and Miss Lucile Baker.p -; i. T 1.1-.4- .r VOL t'rinceiuii, ivy., it uuuuxiuttW5 ui niiiDride, by Rev. R. H. Ellett ,of the Clin-tonville Christian church.while the engagement of Miss Ste-Dhenson and Mr. Perry was not un-iknown bo friends, yet the wedding atjnx-is tirae came as a cotmplete surpnsfc Ito taejr friends in Paris, the countyanQ -m the surrounding territory,Mr. Perry is the only son of Mr. andMrs. B. F. Perry, and is the juniorpmher of the S. F. McCormick Lum-t,or rv in T-AYinrrt-nn. and is numberedaraong the sterling and rising youngbeusiness men of L.exmgtDn.After a short wedding trip Mr.and 'MrsPerry ihave returned"at home" to friendsand arein Lexiiig-,nowton.oBIRTHS.t i-M I ,f TXr, r,..,f 'iness matters and honorable in all-In Chicago to Mrs. Wm. Wyatt. deal, wIth his fellow-men, therebyformerly Mrs. Willie Cowen Mappm., . . Hlflk rOQnnof nm1 psfftfttT1 nfof Paris, a son.To the wife of Mr. L. R. Lowe, onear Millersburg, a daughter, christened Catherine Glinn Lowe.At the Massie Memorial Hospital.in Paris- Monday night, to the wife ofin. uougias luouias, jr., u. uuiiusulu?HoncrlifoT Tlio mnthflP -vvnes fnniiorlv 1"Ub"Wl, .im- .ww.v, ..vr .. .wx- .... v ,. .. ,.x , is ,ess ie uausnu- o , ?ir11-. lu it,. a -r ti.whavl been UVecinienU oTmanf ?on-'t,?f !.PrS,? JP " !the adventKiaiuiauuua uuuu iui uuiuui ui un iheir to tiheir household.THE FEBRUARY WOMAN'SHOME COMPANION.Sinclair Lewis, the well-known novelist, begins a delightful novel called"The Innocents" in this issue. An-other generous .installment next .monthwill complete it Sophie Kerr finishes"Love of Woman" in this issue.OnWashington-Lincoln's Bhr.hday," "Little Rosamund" and "The Marie ofre-jDreams" are some of the other shortstories."The Tuneful American" is an entertainmg article about music inAmerica by Albert Spalding, the violinist; and "Getting Acquainted Withiourseir, DyArnom lienneu, ana" " ,wv"",-c" uu ""jf,uuuiuauuu rtuouu uiaiuub mvj.xu nave xc x& au auu wu6display of beautiful moving picture"The Eyes Have It" is an alluringfilled with entertaining and valuableinformation.FIELD GLASSES AT THE FRONT.One of the British steps in mobilization of national resources for war was,to call on all citizens of tihe Empire ito contribute their field-glasses andtelescopes for use at the front. Al-most 30000 giasses were found aP.ceptable among: those offered. ThevDEATHS.ROBERTSON.The funeral of Lawrence Robertson, i was manager of the Kentucky Unionyoung son of Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Rob-lLand Company, which led to his beertson, who died at the home of hisicomin& interested in mountain timberparents, Monday, of pneumonia, was hands, out oP which ho rfo n i.oheld in tiie Jacksonville cemetery attwo oclock Tuesday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave.GRIFFITH.Mrs. O. R. Mangum has returnedfrom Athens, Georgia, where she wenr.t0 attend the funeral and burial ofher grandmotjher, Mrs. Griffith whodied at her home in that city, recently.Mrs. Griffith had been ill for toweeks.MITCHELL.Mrs. Frances Mitchell, aged seven -ty-seven years, mother of Mrs. MarvlD. C., who survives him. Two littleFarrow, of Paris, and Mrs. Sarah re-J daughters, Irma Lee Thomas and Dcrvel, of the county, died at her home ; othy Thomas, and. one sister, Mrs. 'near Myers, in Nicholas county, atterjJcjlin T. Ireland, of Lexington, alsoa short illness. She was the mother of survive him. Mr. Thomas' death leave?.InclVcchildren, eight of whom ur-:. t i.i i u,l i,..i ivive uei. xai uuauaim pcwucu uei' the grave several years ago. The, . . w ,i.i . m,Tea Run Christian church, near MyersStation, followed by interment m tho, familv ei-avevard.- , - . ,lU. U11U Itlla. J. liuuiao 1'iuiuv. anuchildren, and Mr. and Mrs. Han-evHunter, of Paris, attended the funeral.MOORE.Mrs. Carl Crawford, of Paris, received a telegram informing her of thedeath of her brother, Mr. Walter II.Moore, in Citronville, Alabama. Thefuneral was held in that city Wednesday. Mr. Moore is survived by his mother,Mrs. R. E. Moore; his wife and a five-year-oldson; and five brothers, Mr. C.P. Moore, of St Petersburg, Fla.:Moore, in Citronville. Alabama. Theim enmany on the numoer ot treesMr. Moore is survived by his mother,Mrs. R. E. Moore; his wife and a five-! year-oia son; aimiive muuieib, iur v.p. Moore, of St Petersburg, Fla.:j t n i n. - tt r, Mr. K. T. Moore, of Hattiesburg Miss:Mr. J. F. Moore, of Mobile. Ala.; Mr.. c. Moore, of Waverly. Ohio; Mr.Edward V. Moore, of New Orleans. La..and one sister. Mrs. Carl Crawford, of!.; : .tllia i;itj. uuwuuvg "JU i.icu il is, mniljo litiil-i (gerous to shelter under a tree in aASHCRAFT. thunderstorm, when the tree stindsj Mrs. Julia Ashcraft, aged eighty !ajonevears died recently at the home ofT ',iler daachter, Mrs. B. II. Conway, in!Iscott county, following an illness due. ! p4. 4 1,. fi viSt ?rtr aT nfrn CMi r "i p tli.u;"7 Mrr1ricl;;V7 h,t ri A , . ,. JlMrs. Came Crump, of Bourbon count vand was a guest of herson in thiv.rounty a short time ago. IMrs. Ashcraft was the widow of Mr.Nimrod Aschraft. of Robertson couiry.and un,til about a years ago had spentitire life at the old home nearner enMt OliU.'imt locirloa "Mr Aclioi-nff r.llilMrs" , . n i, -Crump she leaves five ohorchildren residing in Scott,Harrison,1 TI,nnn nn..nnc. iTue funeral services were conductel. -.-. i . a-h ; T-1 i.a osiers uiapei. m n.uuurLjv-'icounty by Rev. Mr. Howes, the burialfollowing in the family lot in th-jchapel burying grounds,HUERKAMP 'The funeral of Mr. Henry Huer-1kamp, father of Mrs. Richard Welling, iof Paris, took place in Cynthiana.Monday, with services conducted aithe St Edwards Church, by Rev. Fatilier Josenh Lingrel The intermentfollowed in the Catholic Cdaietery atuyntlnanaMr. Huerkamp was a native of Ger-many and came to America when nowas sixteen years old. He located inCincinnati, but came to Cynthiana several years afterward. Thirty-one yeaniago he married Miss Elizabeth Robs.daughter of the late Herman Itaihs, otCvmthiana. During all the years Mrlluerkamp was in the merchandisingT ' business in Cynthiana he had the rep' utation of being straghtf-orward in bus !all who knew him. In his death Cynthiana lost a good citizen and his fani-,ilv a friend and devoted father.RENICK. Ii-Mr. Scott Renick. aged fifty-fio .son ot the late Abtaham Renick in,Wb day one of the mosl notefl slopt.horn breeders and farmers in Ken-tu' died suddenly Wednesday, iHavana, Cuba, where he .had goneseveral weeks ago on a health-huntingtrip. The information of Mr.Renick's death came to Paris in theshape of a telegram to Mr. B. M. Renick, of the Paris Milling Co., appris-ling him of his brother's death. Nodetails were given.1 Mr. Renick was one of the best-known farmers in Clark county, wherehe h fl b iW for severa -....... , -dwk 'He was a native of Bourbon county,having first seen the light of day onthe old Renick farm near Clintonville.He is survived by his mother, MrsjWm. H. Renick, of Paris; Jiis wife,who was formerly Miss PrincessSutherland, of Clark county; one son,,i Mr. Phelos Renick, of Winchester:three brothers. Mr. B. M. Renick, ofp , M , kenick. ' of Middletown.Q and Abraham Renick, of Clarkcounty, two sisters. Mrs. Duncan Bell.of Paris, and Mrs. Curtis Smith, otDallas, Texas.Mr. Renick hadrecently sufferedtwo strokes of paralysis, and had goneQmiH. n hnno tht WJ,rmoT. nnmoSouth in hope the warmer climatemigllit benefit him. The funeral arrangements have not been completed.THOMAS.Mr. Robert L. Thomas, a formerresident of Paris, and one of the bestknown turfmen in tne State, died athis home at 531 Main street, in Le:ington, at six o'clock Tuesday night,alter a .-orotractea niness.Mr. Thomas had been in failinghealth or a number of years and hisretirement from tihe racing game a fewyears ago was due to the poor condtion of his health. Some time ago hewent to New Orleans for the winterracing season, but poor health compelled his return very recently. Threeweeks ago his condition b.ecame verymuch worse, and his friends realizedtliat, he was gradually sinking to theof "his life journey.Born in'Bourboa county July 3, 136'?.'Mr. Thomas was the son' of CaptiJames M. Thomas, in his time one ofthe most prominent and wealthy menof this section, and a member of thoKentucky Senate in 1900 when Goernor William Goebel was killed. IjImother was Miss Rogers, a memberof the prominent Rogers family ofBourbon county. For years this father. , w - ...wfortune, and this business his sontook up a number of years ago, andfollowed it out successfully.Mr. Thomas was a successful turfman prior to his retirement a fevyears ago. Though he never maiu-' tained a very large stable, he had anumber of good face horses, includingWhite Wool, Flying Squirrel, Pollsand Twenty-One.Mr. Thomas was twice married. Hisfirst wife was Miss Susan Harcouit,of Louisville, who died several yearsago without heirs. His second wife; was Miss Irma Trent, of Washington, IMrs. Ireland as the last of a family of, -mmlm'ten memuwa,of whom five died intheir infancy.tuc fQi ,..oc i,i,i , rr,,nmneresidence, in Lexingtonat two o'clock,yesterday afternoon with services con-'ducted by Rev. Edward Mueller. Then.. Unnn . T mA nunijan-ucaicio ncic o. ituiuj iiuguc?,Robert Shannon, R. W. Rounsavall,Jas. Shannon, Phil Chinn and J. F.David, of Winchester.TREES AND tIGHTNING.An investigation was recently mad'jof different species which are struckby lightning. The investigation seemsto show that the poplar and oak aremost likely to be struck. Beech, al-der chestnut and maple are the least. . . X -ai.-m J ' . . """"' ""-lieu& siS i muibu biouhu, irw,near water, aim irees wiqn aeep reaca-g roots are all more dangerous than.their respective opposites. The reportnnnnlurlna olcn tliof if ia nlirnirc rlo.i-"NATIONAL SONG" DAYS.. In conformity with a movement that.is assuming National proportions,Superinten(lent of' pbl, Inlstruction Gilbert announces that liewill ask Governor Stanley to issue a.proclamation, designating February 18to 24 as "National Song Days," whencs and pubUc herTngs'wni be. . . . . Mo. , ... .I ,0"c" l'u 011,b l" 1,a"u"iu "uulcl" "ilvii Patriotic songs. Similar proclaraaLions have bej issued ,n a number oJofStates. The Paris schools will likelyJ, l P UJ PJ?fltlon lien tnC pror'. luiuuuun 10 loaucuSince married men are generallycalled to the colors last, some tpeopleare predicting a big boom in the matri(nionial market.Our Big Bargain GivingUPL1 uA WALK T"sources; our many years of merchandising knowledge;our prestige in the world's greatest shoe markets.Tomorrow Saturdaymore wonderful bargains, greater values, greatereconomies that will simply force you to buy now forfuture as well as present needs.Ladies' Dark Russia Calf Boots$6.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal button, $2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, 1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values .-Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid- Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.MacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's HiiVarsity Shoes AA to LON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDANPariV .Greatest Shoe Store.EHComingAttractionsPARISFRIDAYAlamo Afternoon; ParisGrand at Night.Phillips Smalley and MaryMacLaren in"Saving TheFamily Name"Bluebird Masterpiece.Edwin Stevens in"The HalfbreecTs Hate"Eleventh episode ofYellow Menace."'TheHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge ofhis talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the familv if anv-5 thing should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce your earning power.25 LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.He Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate Geneial AgentSuite 201-202 First Nafl BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.0ADINIICotinues Unabated,bringing" you the greatest avalanche of shoebargains at a most opportune moment.REAP NOWYOUR HARVESTT of our unlimited reMen's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, $4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, $6.00 values.... $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00values '1.99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values .' .99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49$3.692.99Boots2.491.991.69.49.79FROM THE;h Grade M. & K. $ 1 O.OO andCOHEN ;335 Main Street, Paris, Ky;GRAND AND ALAMOSATURDAYThe Alamo Afternoon amiNight."INDISCRETION"A Vitagraph Blue RibbonFeature m five parts; allstar cast."Rah! Rah! Rah!"Big comedy with famousVitagraph comedians.Mary Pickford in "LescThan the Dust" at GrandMatire2 and night.SALEik$ 1 2.00 Shoesftiw if 11 11r L 11faft di II itIt Sj yy 3ffZ jri . I if( JWttIJsmfi mti'-i '.- "'-m -