Bt5? 'THE: w?.j ' ri- v1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR. ,PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1917VOLUME XXXVIIMAXIM TO SILENCETHE SUBMARINESCOUNTY BOARDS ELOQUENT SPEECH "ANGELS OF MERCY"FOR DRAFTING MEN BY GREAT SPEAKER THE RED CROSSmWE KNOW HOW9Lf"BOURBONNEWSNOTED INVENTOR FINDS PLAN TORENDER THE SEA HORNETSHARMLESS.MEN WHO WILL CONDUCT THECONSCRIPTION REGISTRATION.IN THE PRECINCTS. IMR. DICKSON DELIVERS ADDRESSFULL OF FEELING AT CORNER"STONE LAYING.WORK OF THE ORGANIZATION 2AND A PARTIAL LIST OF THEMEMBERS.T'llri BliliUnf rmtA ., . il.ln 'U3V YORK, May 24. Hudson Jiy proclamation, President Wood- n ","" VZ" nt'TT, rJl u " Citizens of Paris nrl TWhnnMaxim, noted inventor and scientist, I row Wilson has called upon the yoimg1 JT " ""' r"i "t" "' J Tl "7" " " nm,nfV f,i !, .. ...Member of the National Advisory manhood of America to respond to the 3;7,7r T V, .; i r. i c iT w f V,Sard, announces that he has invented selective all for service. The drafted J of 130 years in, tlme' and in" campaign for membership in the Bournf perfected a device that will abs army will not be assembled until Sep-; 8 bon County Chapter of the AmericanHtelT make ships immune from the tember. but Secretary of War Baker JjJS? lliTJffla Jl Red Cros3- have been ask.ed touiger of the submarine attacks. He bas announced that by that time the !SX?ifl J, ' S L I stock- a dollar's worth 8tock inRaid that the torpedoes, even when fir- regular troops of the country will , J?J?a JJ a.,!?n' ?!. IS !JL ?2 the greatest organization of good Sa-A 4- .Inco roniM nnA ofrttrintr fhai,' iTirnhjlhlv h in HoHnn Jlfrriinct Ror. ,lu,-luoula "llUC -UiUDV 1ULC1C3UU5 tual" lHQrit-ltia tVio world liao qvdk bnAn'ntargets, would explode harmlessly , many.against the- hull of their intended vie- June 5 has been set apart for alltim. The inventor made the announce- men between the ages of twenty-onement at a luncheon given in Brooklyn and thirty, both inclusive, to registerHe asserted that the invention will for military service, and all FederalHoon be given a demonstration by tho and local civil officers are requiredUoverajnent, which has already been to give their services in accomplishingadvised of the details.WASHINGTON, Maythe registration. The Kentucky National Guard will be called into ser-24. An vice on-August 5. The registrationagreement with the British war office call will include all men, both coloredunder which the six New England and white, between the ages givenStates soon will send ten portable above.saw mill units comprising 400 expert The official Board for Bourbonwoodsmen to aid the British armies in county is composed of Sheriff W. F.wrance was announced last night by Talbott, County Clerk Pearce Paton,the American Forestry Association, and Dr. Silas Evans. The registrationwill be conducted at the various poll-WASHINGTON, May 24. Brazil's ing places in the county by the followntry into the war against Germany ing officers, the first named to be thejs regarded in Washington as being registrar in his "precinct These gena question of only a few days. The tlemen are notified that they mustsinking of the steamer Tijuca may call at the office of County Clerkprovide the incident required to place Pearce Paton within the next few daysthe more pacific members of the Bra- and be sworn in. The list follows:Lilian Congress in Uie list of those Paris No. 1 David Cline, Newt,favoring active hostilities, it is Mitchell.itated ! paris No. 2 T. W. Allen, W. H.Whitley.DALLAS, TEX., May 24. The sup- Paris No. 3 Denis Dundon. R. P.port of 6,000,000 Presbyterians and Dow.the resources 'of the Presbyterian Paris No. 4 Wni. Graniian. A. J.church in the prosecution of the war-Fee. ,yfore pledged to President Wilson and Paris No. 5 M. P. Collier, Johnthe nation in resolutions adopted by McCarthy.the general assembly of the Presby- Paris No. 6 C K. Thomas, Jamesterian church in the United States of Shea.America The resolutions will be read Millersburg No. 1 W. D. Mclntyre,from the pulpits of all the Presby te- Wm. Saunders.rian churches represented by the Millersburg No. 2 T. P. Wadell, C.isemblv lw- Corrington.ci.semmj. -l Rock No !s. R. Burns, Ed.2 James Dodge.acter, that it is impossible for me atmaritans the world has ever known-fhlc Htyiq tn Hrt mr.T.Q than almnlv r-a UO American Uett rOSS.fer to some of the more important By Saturday night, the time set forcharacters and the most interesting in- the wind-up of the caimpaign everycidents. To undertake to do more citizen of this city and county willthan to merely refer to some of the have been reqUested to take a singletZSS&& ffifllHKf S-f-membership In the organizationthe time allotted to me upon this occa-1 tnM has demonstrated in a thousandsion and would be an unwaranted in-1 ways its ability to efficiently copetrusion upon your patience. with want Nand suffering, wher-The first Presbyterian Church of eyer found, and on the broadest scaleParis was organized in the year 1787, .imaginable. The coat lapels of scoresonly five years after the celebrated of Paris men are decorated with thebattle of Blue Licks and five years j Red Cross button, a badge of honorbefore the adoption by the people of;and a testimonial to the efforts of theAentucKy or tue nrst constitution otStraw HatSeason Has ArrivedAnd It Is Time To Discard Your Felt HatWe are ready to show you any stylestraw-BankoksLeghornsthe State, and before Kentucky everhF.rtTrm a Rt.n.t.f find hpforp BourbonCounty had ever been organized or Society it has become a householdcampaign committee. "9,Since the formation of the Red Crossnamed. It is as old as the NationalGovernment, and it was organized andcame into being in the same year inwhich the Constitution of the UnitedStates was adopted.And I may here say, with some pardonable pride, that it has been statedby eminent and well recognized historical authority that the Presbyterians exercised a very great influence inthe foimation of the Federal Constitution, and that the principles of thegovernment of this church were largely assimilated into the form of thisConstitution:-And I dare saj't if it betrue that the Presbyterians did exercise any controlling influence in thefor-niation of that instrument, in viewof the sufferings and the " persecutions(Continued on Page 2.)HEAVY HAIL VISITSPARIS TUESDAY.One of the heaviest hailstorms ofJ recent years, though, perhaps, not, the (most destructive, visited Paris andWashington, May 24. A regiment Thomason.,-tc mmnnflGd bv Colonel Chas. Little Rock NoA Doyan, and composed of veterans James Caldwell.of active service in Haiti, Santo Do- North Middletown No. 1 J. W.mineo and Cuba, will accompany tho Jones, Davis Patrick.S division to be sent to France North Middletown No. 2 Ben Wood-' --- nntl Toi-elirir' fnrfl. W. It. Tllttle. nnrttnnc rkf Rnnrhnn nmilltv nf nffprSecretary Daniels, in making the an- Clintonville No. 1 A. S. Thompson, noon Tuesday. The hail followed aVfrtincemeiit. said the marine regiment G. V. Shipp. , rain that fell a few mlnutea before1ouT(Thave a strength of 2600men. Clineonvllleo?'2.Ii--DrThompsouAsdlated jtbout flfteU rnutee,' Geo. K. Jones. long enough to wreak destruction onTEW YORK May 24. The age limit Hutchison No. 1 Robt. Meteer, Lute gardens, trees and shrubbery, as wellniN innlicants ' for enlistment in the Jacoby. as inflicting substantial propertyroaramyhas been raised from 17 Hutchison No. 2-Forest Letton, P. lo8ses in seVeral instances.is vpars to 18 to 40, according to L. Lapsley. Scores of citizens, shortly after theordlrmaao public at the offices of Centerville No. 1 Geo. R. Burberry, hailf rep0rted they had picked up hail-Kfainr Tom H Hughes, in charge of H. C. Clifford. stones as large as hen egg3. TheifSSitine -offices here. These are the Ruddles Mills No. 1 Walter Tate, stones se8med to have been formed ina nf whirh men will be accepted Jas. H. Fisher. 'masses like some of the old-rashionedThe conscJ fpUonTge s from 21 to 30. Ruddles Mills No. 2-W. G. Talbolt bbles of our youthful (lays. Tne, The consenpuju ab w g Marsn jfall Qf haJ1 wflg not as thick as haveMrv 24. Those i been some otners, or me uamageWASHINGTON,would have been threefold.About one-third of the glass in thegreenhouses of .Mr. John Christman,word, and its noble, work has been feltin every part of the civilized world. 9Let a great calamity befall the city ofParis, Ky., some night and such a 9thing is by no means impossible ana Jthe American Red Cross will have its ftongels of mercy on the .scene betore 'many hours have passed. Distanceand time and rnoney are not obstacleswhere humanity is in distress, andthe American Red Cross, while neverwasteful, does not stop to count the 9cost when human life is at stake orsuffering is to be alleviated.Its an honor to belong to the greatest humanitarian organization theworm nas ever tuiuwu. iu s u iiouiething to know that you are lending notonly your moral but your financialsupport to such an institution. It's Jworth something to know, when youpick up the papers and read of a Jcatastrophe somewhere in this b1oadland, that the American Red Cross 2agents are there, angels of mercy,your personal representatives on the Jscene of suffering.You will still have a chance between Snow and Saturday night, and for anyPlain Sailors and the NobbyRough Straw For the Young Manas well as the soft, flexible brims,'dented crowns, in many stylishsh apes for Ihe young fellow. Keepyour head cool and wear one of ourStraws.Any Size 6 5-8 to 7 5-8Any Price $1.50 to $10.00Mitchell & BlakemoreNett'elon Fine Shoes and Manhattan ShirtsContinued on Page 4.)zsssBssmsaT M A T-JSentuckiaus. whose applications for Iabsignment to the Officers' Reserve SUNDAY SCHOOL INSTITUTE.,i ,,. uaan ii f rpnted.ueed not'VvUrpa - . v., Imvrt , , i t .:t.. n, iin fliicf in 3.mith Pnrft; was shflt-Tcel discouraged oecauue lucj - Tlie sunuay acuooi iu&utiu.e ul l y "v. v -;-' ,; ;,;sot vet heen assigned to training Metaodist churches of Paris, Millers- tered, entailing a loss of about ?600.ampst according to information ob- DU Hutchison, Georgetown, Frank- The glass was broken out of nearlySued at the War Department. They fort& and Mt. Hope opened its ses- every frame over the hot beds on thewill have the chance to receive the rf at Uie Methodist church in this farm of Mr. Gus Christman, nearaecessarv training in the August cit Wednesday evening with Rev. C Paris The swne loss i was sustainedZ7 v nnpv Prcaidine Elder of the by Mr. J. E. Kreigel, who lives on thePS' ! Frankfort Dtatriet Se cha?r. Rev. Bethlehem ,Pike near Paris. ThePGISTRATION FOR BOND Dr. c. D Bulla, of Nashville, Tenn., force of the hail broke down gardenG,S ISSUE GRATIFYING. fading part in the program, stuff at both places while all over the1 The meeting was opened at 7:30 p. m. city lawns were littered with theThe special registration for the'with prayer service, followed by an leaves stripped from shade trees. Thevoters ; o : Paris. desire to take address by Di'. Bulla. .hail damaged the roof of Caywood tSrtln the TelecUon for the school , Yesterday morning the following McCllntocks mule barn on Southnd Issue ouVune 3 showed a gratify-1 m WL observed: Maiu street Growing vegetable i into-majority in favor of the issue. i1 8froprayer service; 9:00-Ad- all the gardens were damaged Sev-Tte tabulation showed a total of ds-The Standard Sunday School" eral month-old chickens at ; the hoihe1fln reristered 145 inales and 87G y Rev T W. Watts; 9:30-Talk on of Mr. Thomas Butler, in East Pans,tales The inen responded gemlntarv Work, by Miss Minnie E. were killed by the hail. A horse at5 to Seecall in Uie interest of gSK ' of Lsville, Tenn, tached to tta dehvery wagon of hehptter accommodations lor uie swiuu 10:30 Reports trom ouuuuy ouuuio, "m;M "" ,.r L : i,Ti o,i oodUs and be bv their example and 11:30Wesley Bible Class Work, Dr. during Uie pelting of the hail 1 and ran,Trrr "Minv lw the women Z" nn irronniipsf Training Work;" no damage nas ueen reporteu i u.Tegisiratiuii, ca1-""'-' -, -r. a f iUUO' "" - . . nln5 4 tk S EBb,ISSUE9I Facts About TheCity SchoolTegisirauuii, h" - i,Q nnarfl of "l.t7X.. m,,n, Tv,:n;11!r Plans." several sections. There was no nant the city, weniuwb --'-" z:w uui r.w"" ,.i " n n, wnrti,Bducation and of the arem-iw by Rev. c. j. xnvAssociation were busy all day solicit- Wesley Bible Clasaffortssu.ieeded in converting '.Vs MinAie E. Kenneay, fil-jolliflers at the big flsh fry on theNugent; 3:10, "Tne in uie nsorui mwuieiuwu '""Federation," by tliougn uie appaaranco ol utvj wuuoThe Graded Les- -caused sqme apprehension among thez uie city. """ """f.To.ohPr f -,uA.r"A V?!?i?S!L ",3- all day solicit- " "ev ilhi c Federation" by though the appearance of heavy cloudsAhbUU , ;4.,,P otl bv their per-. n uniin- 2-40. "The Gradedio their cause many who had been op- lowed by adjournmentjosed to the bona issue iu q , .Paris, and shouiu can. "j " -o-majority.TELEPHONE MEN IMMUNE.Simms farmTHE NEWS man nicked up a hailstone in front of the Foruham Hotel5 a short time after the aerial bombard-FOR RURAL MAIL CARRIER. ment had ceased that measured twoand one-half inches in circumference,On account of the large number of and three inches in length. He hadannlicants who desire to take the his tape measure with him and the! Civil Service examination for Carrier yneasurements were witnesseu d aon rural route iNO. i, tne exuiuiiiauuu numuer oi specuiwiB.GRADUATION TIME NEAR.Graduation time is growing near. BeAccording to advices received in wm e held in the Paris city School"aris Wednesday, by the manager of buildillf 0n SevenUi Street tomorrow'Vui ' telephone companies, men en- (Saturday) morning, at nine o clock.-, L oior,imn work will be ex- i,or(snT1R who have received admittance"r minted from army service. The War ds are reqUested to be present at 8Ure and gee our WOnderful line ofDepartment claims umu tt". .7 hp,tne aoove " """' e-Ptnrv i goods suitaoie ror graauauou Bu. iSSSSTto telephone .vork wW b.r.,r i. fhP lines in good working order and that the telephone systems wlil be absolutely necessary toifee War Department and all othergovernmental departments in conducting the war. -WM. CLARK, Secretary.I reasonable prices.15-tf ) SHIRE & FITHIAN.WORK ON THE KRESSBUILDING PROCESSINGALL MUST REGISTER.Woods Bros, the making substantial j on "June 5 every man in Bourbonprogress on the concrete and brick COunty between the ages of twentyfrtn,iHnn wnrk for the new Kress one and thirty, inclusive, must pre-' building at the corner of Main and sent himself at his regular voUngBOUBBON COUNTY'S QUOTAt- ior ti,p nmvisions of 'the. new Sixth streets. A large force of work piace for registration as being liablebnder Uie proUsions oi t o fe engaged for for mmtary duty. This means bothy Jr,Hnn of Uie county. Bourbon' several days in this work, which will coi0red and white men. It has-beenj2,WSSnM?to be finished, ready for the brick estimated that .there are about fourage.7M . T""Z nt, f twAntv-one orlc thousana men in uiis county lJ? StLrve W for the first calk j The contract for installing the steam militarys said that .after Uie Grslmy is raised the age linsed t forty or probably.in-d thirty years, iw " ',. if nn fnr the nlumbing lonliva RVRtom will take about sevIt is said thf.1 f. .lTm.rii T a hPP.n awarded' to Mr. John entv-five on the first call for militaryx2 army is raiseu " "" . lrZLnrr n will beein work as tmininf? Sentember 1. The others&:lXJXi SSSSSy nfffl ZZ ; Tthe construction work wnipur-.wui beubject to other ckll. it made.Of this number the sewill take about sevflrst call for military9The suggestion has been made that bycutting out the non-resident pupils we mightdo with fewer rooms and fewer teachers.If you will read carefully the followingfacts as to the number and distribution ofthe non-resident pupils you will see that wecould not do without a single room j)v teacher, even though we should cut out every oneof the non-resident pupils.The High School has seven pupils perroom of non-residents..The Eighth Grade has none.The Seventh Grade has four.The Sixth Grade has eight. -;The Fifth Grade has seven.The Fourth xGrade has six.The Third Grade has six.The Second Grade" has twelve.The First Grade has six.Now, if we were to refuse to admit anynon-residents the largest number . removed2 from any one room would be twelve, whichyou can readily see would not save us a sinS gfe room or teacher. But don't overlookthe fact that the increase derived from non-residents is over $2,000 enough to hirethree teachers.More About TheIncrease in TaxesHow much is the assessed valuation ofyour property?If it is $500 you would have to pay 50cper year.If $750 you would pay 75c. , 0If SI, 000 you would pay 1.00. jIf $1,200 you would pay 1.25. . '"'If 1,500 you would pay 1.50. :If $1,750 you would pay 1.75.If 2,0(50 you would pay 2.00.If 2.500 you would pay 2.25. - '.If 3,000 ycu would pay 3.00. vIs it a fact in order to save 50cto $3.00 per year, you would vote tokeep 131 of your own or your neif labor's children in the basement of theCity School building? AIf you don't believe these facts, gK cLask to be shown through the building.You have the right to know the conditions, and we guarantee you every courtesy.BOARD OT EDUCATION- iI '!! VHas to incmuc mi- "jk.- --I All tniiat rerisror k. wwwwwwwwwww"wwww'wwwvwwwwiwwwibbiibb3gSM : service. ""- , y - -.v- ---,-- . r - .,"mae-Mii? v .ie e.Ikii,M1ij fThe Bourbon News'tHHWiw Publication.ofjWkh Evtry TuMday and Friday.jt Ydar... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Adrance.MR. DIXON'8 8PEGH..Continued from Page JL)ber was tried JOr cJlect4iik iotory upona debt. Nvaeftnittfialfcwprai had fpersons upon the "dbarce of faifiak oattend -public iwoVshlp in th: ohurcb.which they had endured from kings for. a period of twelve months, withoutand princes and nobles, because of lawiui excuse. Ana tnis seems to naveI their religious faith and practices, that been one of the rules and requireI provision in the Federal Constitution ments of the church.Ithat the Congress of the United States! It is also interesting to note thatv vtWIFT C!jMPf Editor and Owner, shall have no power to confer any title from the earliest organization of the'or noDimy was so inserted at tneir m- cumui u.uu, o x " utocu, cvcu'stigation and their procurement, be- until as late as the breaking- out ofXuy erroneous reflection upon the cause the fundamental principle that the Cival War, it had been the customi "-' and' Via waa sinctrLf AA-lUBrtt fka ditiM llt.iiiiln nli ! n n n n 4 . tk.tua mw ifwuviiiivvvw TV" jm WOVvtUllUiaiUUi vUMWHUMIH h jaw; uimAgain, it is recorded tw one meinramonlhe OBlders oftbia chwrch in itsettlyrtodrJf rr JBex&nder hsd'tlyeespn.who; isntsred - thtf ministry, 1r.McConnelt"oJfiriB,-ifr.Giirry, oneson, and Mr.-Joph. Mitch H, one son.All of these young men were sons of.Elders of this church.It is likewise a fact worthy of comment that this church has always beeua warm advooate and supporter of foreign missions. One of the sons of Mr.Alexander went as a missionary to theSandwich Islands in 1831, when the inhabitants were still savages and wereaddicted to the practice of cannibalism. So great was his work amongthose people that in the year 1869,k&r&cter, standing or reputation ot underlies the government of the Pres- of the church to receive into its memany person, firm or corporation which byterian Church is its democracy. The bership colored slaves who made aMay appear in the columns of THE people are supreme in that they elect suitable and proper profession of theirBOURBON "NEWS will be gladly cor- their officers who are to rule over faith, and a provisionand place wa3reoted if brought to attention of the them and their representatives who arranged for them in the church build-1 thirty-eight years after Mr. Alexandereditor. I are to make the laws for their govern- ing in which the white masters wor-jwent to the Sandwich Islands, it is' 'merit And this fundamental principle shipped: and it was made the duty of recorded that his church in thoseiprevades the whole spirit and meaning the masters of? these slaves who 'Islands contributed more to the causeof the Federal Constitution. ;were members of tne cnurcn to nave or loreign missions man an ot tneAt the time of the establishment of the infant children of these colored churches in the Synod of Kentuckythe Presbyterian Church in what is slaves baptised and these, along with combined, that year,now known as the City of Paris, this all other infants, were baptized into in the spring of 1872 Mrs. Anniocity consisted simply of a few rudely the church and are referred to in the! Edgar Randolph, a member of thisconstructed log huts and did not ex- church as baptised members. I church, went as a missionary toceed, according to the best authorities, Did time and circumstances permit, China, and after having conductedmore than about three hundred per-J many occurrences of interest and most successfully a school for rfrls Insons in its population, it nau not even many men or prominence in tne minisrisen to the dignity of having a try and in the leadership of this churchname: it had never been incorporated might here be referred to, which 1as a municipality; anu it was not un-am conipenea to omit incidents wnicn successfully in the establishment oftil 1789 that the Virginia Legislature -1 know would be ot deep interest to an institution for the education of Japassed an act incorporating it as a j many whom I see in this presence, anese women, when, her health havingp VWeVH ssf i III m&K,JJYVVB SSI k. v I & BE BrA SrADVERTISING RATESHangchow, China, she removed toNagoya, Japan, in 1888, and for fouryears she labored most efficiently andmunicipality under the name of Hope-, because they are the lineal descendDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per Incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter .for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.HBHaaaaaaaaBHaBHBaBaaaBH(V EDITORIAL MUSINGS."vThe Bourbon News School of Advertising.ants of many of these Elders.T M'lll lirtwovor Tioro rofon tnfht font flint chnrtlv nftar flio roniii. irence of the great revival at CaneRidge noteiT-for the wonderful physical manifestations exhibited by manyof those who attended those services,these manifestations, such as fallingupon the floor and writhing in theirbodies, some shouting, some barkingand making other loud1 outcries, had. " A great many books and magazine.--' Articles on advertising are published.. Merchants and advertising writersread these works, with the hope offceLuuK ueiirme ideas, tjut tuey aretoowell; and in the folowing year, 1790,the same Legislature changed thisname to the City of Paris.The Reverned Andrew McClure, wasthe pastor who organized and ministered to this congregation until his deathin 1793. It appears from the records thatduring the years that Mr. McClureministered to this church, he likewiseministered to a Presbyterian Churchlocated at Ruddles Mills, and knownas Stoner-Moutli Church. The oldwalls of this church were standing at 'seemed to have prevaded the Presbya time well within the memory of the terian Church in this section, or, as Ispeaker. should more properly say, there seem-The first church building in this ed to have arisen a practice of makingcity was atone building located upon 'such demonstrations during the puba lot now occpied by the residence of ; lie services, a3 the auditors would bethe late James T. Davis. This build-j moved, which was an entire innovaing, sometime about 1820, was taken ition in the worship of the Presbytedown and a brick structure was built rian Church, and which was not acupon the same site, during the minis-, cording to the accepted standards andtry of the Reverend John McFarland. ! practices of the church. And by rea-This church at Paris was organized son of this, the Rev. Joel Lyle, whoby what is known as Transylvania . was a minister of the PresbyterianPresbvtery, which Presbyterv was or-j Church, although never pastor nor offiganized in 1786, and was the first cially connected with the church inPresbytery organized west of the Alle- Paris, but who lived in Paris and f reghaney Mountains, and the ministers, quently preached to the church here,composing this Presbytery were: The ; preached a sermon in Paris from theRev. David Rice, Rev. Andrew Mc-jtoxt; "Let all things he done decentlyClure, Rev. Thomas Craighead, Rev. i and in order." This sermon made suchA'lnm Rankin and Rev. James Craw, n deen nad lasting imperssion andfailed, after an absence of twentyI years, she returned to her native land.To undertake to recount the wonderfulthat was accomplished by thisdevoted woman, while most interesting and instructive, would occupymore time than we can command atthis time.It is sometimes well for Individuals,churches and other organizations totake a retrospect and to recall something of their past, not only for thepurpose of understanding the conditions which exist at the time, but tolearn something of the influences andthe forces which have contributed tothe conditions at the time of suchretrospection. And so I would brieflyrefer, in the history of this church, tothe character of those people whocame from Virginia to Kentucky at atime when Kentucky was an unbrokenwilderness and when wild beasts, andstill wilder men, roamed its vast forests. MTrom the valley of Virginia therecame these fannilies: The Alexanders,the Breckinridges, the Kenneys, theKerrs, the Cunninghams, the McCarneys, the McClintocks, the McKeesthe McDowells, the "Lyles, the Irvines,the Walkers, and the Wrights, whomay say were really the founders amnor Presbytenanism in Ken-BRNLEYLEVERLESSCULTIVATOR!if1l ;How Tis DifferentAnybody can adjust.Anybody can operate.Does more even plowiig. ' -Does better work.Does more work.Easiest on team.Easiest to handle.Fewest parts to wear and break.No ratchets to wear or break.Less for operator to do.Gangs will balance any weighlToperatbr.No levers to operate. - jNo springs to weaken. "No neck weightPerfectly balanced pole.Simplest in construction.Will last far longer.No masts, pivots or axles to bother.I Just Compare It!i. r n,o frnm lhf timo l"u,lt;cia Ll e&uyieriaui&ui 1"forward there never seemed to have luuxtv' in"' ,,,. y;T .t . n .cesiry, uiiu i uuuui nut mat umuiigthese early pioneers there may haveford. . .-,In the snrii,? 01 1795 the Rev. Samuel Rannells. liketffoe an emigrant been any c&UBO of complaint by reafrom the State of Virginia, succeeded son of these demonstrations during the Sen 8mne who had emigrated di'rcetlythA T?ov Anrlrow ATrPlrn -K tliA Tins- nuhllC Service. This TleV. Lvle Was -" T0.8 . U , ..mlg, . . , "'f. ytor of Ui rSlirehTTn he P continued ost learned and .pious man and ex- arhis ministry from that time until his'erted a wide influence in this com-: rT) 'A8 i"ieiL, tui,i - t ,. i Ufl.t II iiiti Mi'iinitr linn. ivn.ii'T-mam.. ..-1 u....tu i a ,1niU A il. ne 1M.. .c "r i 1(11? T4 iitr,f.. onrfl irnp nnmaiinndh' nnnnant. .ww -1XCUCUU.V UCllUerea Uy LOO many JUeatll UIl tile O UUJr Ul lUUrUU, iOll. It muuuj a.uu a.o uumciuua:; .vuuwb-3earned terms, too much talk about I is recorded of him that he was a most ed with many of the most influential-psychology preceotion anDercention learnest, zealous and laborious worker i families thorughout Central Kentucky.3id othPr nhiinnniifMi ni roCOe ' in tne interest of his church. He came'He wa also the editor for many yearsmptlhS phrases. to parig ag a gingle but after a the on,y newspaper published Inlien. tne business man talks to a few montll3 he returned to Virginia, i the county, The Western Cititzen.ofa .uaiuxiici auout buuie ariicie, where he was married, and returned!Tie has nn trnnhln fr avnrncc liimcnlf i.i i n.u t. 1 :j- j!Tt - ,.a, ., it j ..t x? ..1 . x- x.. , . rHcnnrr! pntprfni this p.liiirph. ana a (h-iameur ww ,w uo a"" iJ'UI" uer u-a lom ,ue 5 uiaL ne Sit. 5-f Vn,B!vSron was had not only in this church patriots of (he valley of Virginia, helanguage, he tells the customer the church in 1795 up even till this hour, I vision yas naa not oniy m tins ciiurcii 1 new renublic in themerits of his goods. He does not make! it is shown by the records that some 'but tlironghout the n?W. f0Und a neW replTC m theiWff and unsupported claims. ?W ?C.hIs family or some one ofChurch i" man j of the States , o the Vejtims nenai aescenaanis nas oeen con- ; - xr'rr-rL eZZr" n' .Vfrinia were theldescto a large extent, ofIt was of theseingtcn is quoted as having said, during the darkest days of the Revolution, that if all his plans were crushedand if he was left with but a singlestandard, he would plant that standard upon the Blue Ridge mountains,In 1837 and 1838 the ploughshare of and with these mountains as a barrier,Hu.ppori.eu oy uiese loyaiandrii. I Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .'Many advertising writers, when they T,, 1,. w STa n' the name of the Ne School, and the'Vfeginla were the! descendants and the;Va V-tM 1. . . i.1 j -''w-wv v ft.& v4i -v . v rf .taketneir peniixcvu iuu ma uiuiuu, xuu . a xiu -- ---r . Sctiool T his divis-' representativesrepresented m its sessions by Mr. Jas. other dj tne uiu bcnooi. 1111s uivis 1 rnvpnnas anto theirevrein hand, think thpv' - v. ronrDCDHTDn in ire cacQinnc rr hit iac . iritia . ww w .vww.. - - - -,have got to evolve from their brain ,D isrcClintock, a great-grandson! fon took place in this clmrch and -lL?V?hrw,w .x.xiai4l, j'utuuu ui it uuu iniS PIOUS ana UOUiy man mm tWO "uucu , ", ;V xll iiinn , n nrP;orvfl- ft in its niiritvhumor. Instead, they should talk to sons who likewise entered the Mini years, when the differences between 1 Bwn ad to Preserve ft in its puritj,the newspaper's thousands of readers tr' of the Presbyterian ChurchIlliS- c110 HUGH LU uiuoi &m,co vvct,,u - -- - -onri'the two- branches were adjusted and signed :ft tneirUI4ui.. - x. -. j . I Irnnu-n ttf. theown Wood what is5..-X. , ,. ., . . . nn i,:ui .,ori r un iTncf'c 'the two conereEatlons tfgain wereJ"61 as LUJ iaK to uie single cus- ifa.i.. aoi.u i x,x.. o - - .Cause. j UlliLSJU uiirj tuiiniiucu tu u& u. txiwt ,tx-ThP Ppv ATr P.nnnplls wsir snVp.r-f1. moiirous ana unueu coiisiegULiuu uiiuied by the Rev. Wm. Wallace, a man ci-tomer over the counter. Pick out afew of their best bargains and attractive lines, and describes thoseabout X86r when another" divisiongrowfsg out of issues connectedniftct hT.illtinf frilanf? qtiH rloTi nlof f .1 arOSCsooos so tnat tne reader can get a but who died- after a pastorate ot but with ffie- Cfvfl War. None of theseISOOd idea about them. one year fe was succedded, in 1820, 1 divlsloisa; as laras I am able-to under-Many men persist in advertising in by the Rev. 3)hn McFarland, ainl stand", grew out of any doctrinal" differ-vasueknown a$ the Solemn League andCovenant kt Grayfriars' Churchyard inEdinburgh,. Scotland.About the same period il'rtst this emigration frorft' the valley of Virginiatook lace, thre came also Fora thePiedmont sectMmi or Virginia- to thissection such iunalitsd as theBb: TneiBreKts. the BurAners, the Bctffords,:i'"ro oneou buy""Best styles -and lowest prices fn theouy."Claims like these unspported byany facts are not convincing. They"help out sales, because any kind ofadvertising gives an impression thatmerchant is wide awake. But moredfefiniteness would be much more ef:-tfectlve.Here is another advertisement, printel here -without indicating display, ofa certain "brand of canned corn andeans, that sounds more like real conrVersation, ande giving of real rea. ..sbss: -- i Extra Care Used in Blending..Qnly No. 1 Quality Corn andf Bens Used.X. Shells and Dirt Carefully Re-moved.Adulteration Never Permitted.1 " Workmen Required to Be Scru-" pulously Clean.-" A man Vho writes plain matter ,ofiact cqpy like that need never spendx "dollar on goods or advertising. He"win'a postion to give lessons insteadwjf receiving instruction.If you want to enjoy life, walk down- the streets of Paris about seveno'clock some morning when the storesBd front pavements are being swept.One continual cloud of dust will greetryou all along the lino of your valk.j . $100 REWARD $100ttu raaders of this paper will beIwuwd to learn that there is at least-.oft dreaded disease mat &cieuu u'- i hiP. to cure in all its stages and'-" tiat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly- infemcd br constitutional conditions. rttires constitutional treatment.Ball's Catarrh Medicine is taken in-tcraally and acts through the blood onjb Mucous Surfaces of the System,' tterby destroying the foundation of' the disease, giving the patient strengthy building up tlie constitution andafting nature in doing its work.,Tk proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHwdrd Dollars for any case that it- latSk to -cura. Send for list, of testi-Address F. J, CHENEY & CO., To-t-.m Ohio. Soli, by all Druggists, 75c.t-'- , (.may-aav;mediate day and? time, but upon tin1 community even to this day. His pastorate was ternahated by his deathon the 28 day of July, 182S. Daringhis ministery the eTdeusiiip of hischurch, which has- ever been a mostpotent factor in lUe'woric of the Presbyterian organization, was- composedof earnest, pious and zealous men, wholabored in connection with their pastor in a most efficient manner.During his admimstratibn: the church Jwas divided into districts, and oneElder was assigned: to each district.It was the duty of this Elder to xisitthe members oT the congregation inhis district and to oversee the conductof the members, and to see to it thatthe slaves and! the children of thefamily received; religious instruction.It is shown by the records that it wasmade the duty of these Elders tocounsel with and to advise and warnanv who faRfed to discharge their.Christian duties or to conform to therules and regulations of the church-,and, if suh counsels and such warnings wese- not heeded, it was their'duty to: see that such persons werebrought, upon proper charges, beforethe Session of the church for trial.One of the most active Elders, andouq who, so -far as I am able to, ascr- ,tain from the records, was probably)one among the first Elders inductedinto office upon the organization of thechurch in 1787, or shortly thereafter,was one Joseph Mitchel, who tilledthis office with great zeal and abilityfor a period of (more than fifty years.And it is shown by these records thatsome of his family or their descendants have been members of thischurch from his time until now. Andthey are numerously represented inthe present membership. Among thesedescendants is one of the present mostefficient ruling Elders, Mr. Charles B.Mitchell, a great-grandson.It is interesting to note that duringthe early years of the history of thischurch the discipline ot the churchwas strictly enforced. It was duringMr. McFarland's.. administration thatone member was tried by the Sessionupon the charge that he had beenguilty of unnecesary travel upon theLord's Day. It appeared from thefacts that he had some important engagement in a neighboring town somemiles away, early on Monday morning,and in order to be able to reach thispoint as early as he desired on Mon-hday, he traveled a portion ot tne ais-tance on Sunday afternoon preceaing,trnvwere largely uiviou.. a. oeac i earA'fter th-jlivfoibTT of the clurscli iir fearnv between the Presbyterians and1868" that potion if It adhering fcrtlie" i&b? Ba-ytfots, the Baptist Church btihg-pioneer orairca in ItemNozreliern AesembEy- of the PretJbytcrian? Church of the- GTnited States erected 2Eo brick: cliurclc now standing uponPleasant Street omfy a block avay;and' in September,. 1868, Rev. L. HIBlaaton, D. (DJ, was- called to the pastorate of taint wing, of the chu7chwhicli' was connected1 with what is-iiKewise? atucky, although preceded in this placB.by the' FresbyteriansA"representatives or these lamilissfro mi the- valley of -Virginia and froathe Piedmont seotion have- been equaS-JItf as; prooBnent as tlisir Scotch-Irishancestorsy fcoth in the history of thisknoTr as fcae Southern General sj ohurchi and fa the history of the SJatesemBiy; and; iir 18H9 and 1870 tJieijand the- nation, and hare- been identiSoutlienr branch of the Presbyterian! fled, mi some way, or connected inChurch buiRr the- church which has; some wayr as members o this churchbeen: recently- torn iTowrs and which jfrom 35 very OTganizatioru dawn to thewas-dedicatedlon tne 25th day of Sep-hn-esenL time. These familfes, togethtemfcer, 11TO. and which is intended tojr withi those from the valley of Virbe replaced: by the new structured ginia, made the wilderness of Ken-we-are now engaged in erecr-jtucky to blossom and Ubom as theing. Rev. Blhntora continued as ther-lrosepastor of this church from September.1838 until September, I8SU.If is a c-cilicidesrit worth of note, thartee pastor-elect of this church, Rev.Sahn J. RTce, who- will enter upon theduties of his pastorate in a few weeks,-,is the grandson of Rev. Nathan Lu.Rlr.e. who was Tastor of this;Do You Own Your Home?Our plan of loaning money offers many advantages to the borrower and home-builder.Paying rent is like burning money.There is a subtle satisfaction in owning a homethdtt appeals to the ideals of every man and everywoman. Not only is there justifiable pride inownership, but there is a real profit in it.Call at cur office and our secretary will beglad to explain this easy plan to own your home.-Our New SeriesOpens June 2ndBOURBON BUILDING &LOAN ASSOCIATIONOffice fa First National Bank BuHdingH. A. POWER, WILL S. ARNSPARGER,President. Secretary.SureTsr with such an anosstry, so devoted! to) the principles of oivH and religious liberty, who have everbeen, -Killing to attest their devotionand their love for their church and the iState, By endanng the greatest sacrifices- and suffering, and hase even laiddown their lives in attestation of theirchurch ht 184t and tor several years,, faith,, there comes to us to-day, withfollowing, and who has ever been rec-. all the privileges and adlvantages ognized as one of the foremost minis- j civil and religious liberty which theyiers at his day and time. He anT ' have handed down to us;, the highestRew Alexander Campbell,, of the obligations. The teachings and theChristian Church, conducted a famous princEples of this church have beendebate in Lexington, tliat attrapcen $uch that it has ever produced menwide interest and over which Henry I and women not onlyA)f storng charac-Clay presided as Moderator. 'ters but has imade of them uprightIn" recent years the differenced be-'and law-abiding citizens. It has eventween the Northern and Southern enjoined upon them the payment oCbranches in Paris have been happily their just, debts, the observance oCIadiusted and a few years ago tftey the Sabbath, the tull dSscharga of allwere again reunited, and the church the duties, of good citizenship, as welEis now ,more harmonious, more zeal- as the practice of all the Christian;ous, morCprosperous and stronger virtues. Nthan it has ever been in any period cf j To have such an ancestry is a proiwJrits history. Its membership now is er heritage than to have descended:about three hundred and sixty. from the lions of t dissolute kings and'In the earlier periods ot the history princes. It is-truly a royal ancestry,of this church it wasthe cusom of one which has ever maintained cbarthe Session of the church to select acter and indivdual- worth as the trueyoung men of piety and of good abil- nobility. It is we! for us not onjy. toity and to educate them for the minis recall this splendid history, but it cantry. In one case they went so far as to not be too often, repated to oa- chilbuy the time ot a young man who had dren. And it vrould be well for- up allbeeu apprenticed to learn a trade, and to know more- of the lives and; chartook him and educated him, and he be- acters of these- early pioneere. who escame a minister of this church. The tablished this, church and to, learnyoung men who went out as ministers more of tbe sacrifices and the. servicesfrom this church have been, many of which tbey rendered ta the cause othem, among the most prdminent and the Master, for-such Tsrould be an inthe most efficient in our entire church. ' spiratfcm to us to deAfcate ourselvesThere were twenty-seven or tneni in anw- to the service or tnts cnurcn ; rall. The names of these I would not $h$ to -accomplish, more for the ad,A4 """- "weary "you by repeating hut it hr.ah. '- (Continued qiV?!6.3 - u-sff- HOTAND COLDIATHS. --- - '. :--A MAN AND HIS WIFEa .J may both derive saiisfactioni by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the -pleasure of wearing old clothes' that,have th& appearance of nev,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy .you. .A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 1692CAHALBROS.jARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention'kr " , itSSmtor nOFOneDropDourbon Poultry Remedyfew dmr In thA vUIUjUdrinking water enres il AIPandDre?entswh!t .1-AJdiarrhoea, cholera and other chkfcdlscaso One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At draffcrfeu or by raiil poptpaW Val(t4 poultry book ro o raqMM?'' ---" s7 r1V sV S v . - . -. - . v .w 05r&i. eaip? . . -: -t- . - -:.-i&v &L3&z .?-. i . ;&&& j& - ,: LSAfcTrSsr' i -- r-Sfc j&ssfsrr H t -"v s.. . --wCBrT ,-i -j-- - j?w - -- i srjC?'-.- .-ct ' 5-r zat.- rL--i- .Pm,-i i. -yv-? ss. -uiar ,. .m - jBrv-jJiije . tjbmb-?rK-'nbssj4- -.''r- l?,rvr-ST.''jm.iamsas'3sma iimiimiiii atajjuuijiiiiMi4' titf-ftFRIDAY, MAY 25r 1917.ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thogood Democrats below as candidlateaat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:" FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT, ,Clark County.' GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County. -FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMAS .FOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,.,.,.11 Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcrattas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TATJL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W." KING,J. W. HART." FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,of Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of. Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.LOSTSomewhere on Main street, or at theParis High School, a child's small gold'and coral pin. Finder please returnto NEWS office. ,LOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or. on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an amethys eliptical shaped tie pin, in gold setting, highly prized as & keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for using for pickles, or-for use insetting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN,(15) Cum. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.For Rent.iiioe ground floor room -in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and posteffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.For Rent.$?ioe 4-room flat with water, gas andPiiiria liehta. over Canal's BarberMinn. Most convenient locationinParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash. gDICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted.We are In the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse. T(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1.0(H) pounds. This material canb weighed at any city scales. This Isto be delivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, opposite thefreigh depotCall us over the Cum Deriand -'phone347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Parir, Ky.(oct20-lyr) "4b'IdiMfttKAce;y--v911 TiltUrrncnu(jujcmfmMSVbJrrMJKrmal vigor smliittjtffwrtifttoy f;UMnmnHrmS?S2ialit, THt Onpplff iv -NERVOUSNESSAND BLUESSymptoms "of More SeriousSickness,Washington Park, 111. "I am thomother of four children and have suffered withfemaletrouble, backache,nervous spelb andthe blues. My children's loud talkingand romping wouldmake me so nervousI could just teareverything to piecesand I would ache allover and feel so sickthat I would notwant anyone to talkfr.?&:um$&wf . S ASS.to me at times. Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and Liver Pills restored me to health and I want to thankyou for the good they have done me. Ihave had quite a bit of trouble andworry but it does not affect my youth-Xul looks. Mvfrienrta sntr 'VJhvAn vnn .look ro vnnncr nrf xcroii ? T ; n !to the Lydia E. Pinkham remedies 'Mrs. Rout. Stopiel, Sage Avenue,Washington Park, Illinois.If you have any symptom about whichyou would like to know write to theLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass., for helpful advice given free ofcharge.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.At last farmers, gardeners, and, inmet, all who have been interested -inthe progress of the crops and gardensupplies, are rejoicing over idealweather conditions. Perfect springweather prevailed last week, and' thefirst part of this week, so that the.J seed which has been in the ground forsome time, unable to germinate on account of the cold, has sprung into life,and all .vegetation has now taken onnew color and vigor.Showers are needed for the beans,peas, corn, garden stuff, etc., and therains would have a very beneficialeffect in other ways. Irish potatoesjare so far looking very well, the coldiwet weather injuring this crop less.perhaps, than any other. Early beansare being replanted.It is believed that many farmers willhave to replant a large per cent, oftheir corn crops, as the corn plantedover three weeks ago is not yet up.In some instances reported to THENEWS it is said that the corn hasactually rotted in the ground.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, if not impossible, however, whenyou are constantly troubled with constipation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and It will beeasy. These tablets not only movethe bowels, but improve the appetiteand strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)Few tables in Paris homes and restaurants are now provided with thetoothsome hot biscuit The high costof flour has played havoc with thiafamous Kentucky product."PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may beall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet suitable to his agaand occupation. Those who haveweak stomachs needrto be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstnpid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take, and pleasant ineffect ,(may-adv)WANTED!Every LadyjnBourbonCounty,To Visit Our4aesmI BAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!. -WILMTPhone 376Immmfa-mmMmmmytrtmmSmSBBBBmpA-SmimiBSBBEMBBlm?imr ttt - (, w?dMm?wm&r. r 'lii ,TflE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.,l- i'1'-, c ri u, viaic lu mra. J. o. aima,near PansMrs. Robert F. Adair,Paris, is visiting relativesOfinnearandnear Maysville.. Mrs. Mary Fleming, of Flemingsburg, is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. J.Dickey, at Hutchison,Mrs. C. E. Peterson has returnedto her home in Maysville, after a visitto Miss Clara Bacon.-Miss Amanda Cockrell, of Paris, isa guest of her sister. Mrs. M. UThomas, in Winchester.Mr. Richard Brown has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. Claude.Carter, near Georgetown. nZl L e Vnurc"- aal Iamlly ls-Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Floyd have as S, ?.ken and scatftetredi father andtheir guests this week Mr. and Mrs. ?t?.ep,ha71f P" into the ?"" Be-. Walter Wuertz, of Danville. i?nd' J001 and sIs1ters ;',.if l? theMrs. Roy Benson, of Louisville, is' and l?e liyilg ar dwelling in fara guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. tl P If Ce?' l?VQ M was Hiat SOmeJames C. Day, on Second street. 'er.e, baPsed. Here it was that some,Mr. j. w Npwnnmh f Tniovui ,in the ful1 flush and happiness ofis a guest of his daughter, Mrs. H. h!J'0U?& manhood and young womanFloyd, and Mr. Floyd, in this city.Mr. James Rowland! has returnedfrolm a visit of several days to hisr""aunt, Miss Sue Peddicord, in Winches-Mrs. Wm. H. Cannon will visitiiiums unu ldiuuvus 111 ira&ru.ii&u intoweek, while Mr. Cannon is attendingthe meeting of the Southern Inde.nendent'Telephone Association in Lou-iRville-Mr. C. Monroe Jester, of Indianapolis, Ind., Southern representative ofthe Keystone Ty,pe Foundry, of Chicago, was a business visitor in Paris,Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Blitz andsons, Robert and Stuart, and MissEstella Heller have returned to theirhomes in Newport, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. P. M. Heller, on Secondstreet, in this city.Mrs. Clarence Plummer and children, of Sharpsburg, Ky., are guests ofrelatives near Paris. Mrs. Plummetwill attend the commencement exer-tbeJcises at Millersburg College, whereMiss Ada Plummer will be one of-thegraduates.Mr. Edward Smims, of Houston,Texas, is a guest of his sister, MissLucy Simms, on Mt. Airy. Mr. Simmsis here inspecting the work in progress on his Xalapa Farm, on theNorth Middletown pike, near Paris.Mr. James Clay Ward, son of Mr.and Mrs. J. Miller Wavd, of near Paris,has enlisted in the Officers' ReserveCorps, in the detachment assigned tothe University of Virginia, where hehas been a student. Mr. Ward hasbeen commisioned as Sergeant, andhas begun training for the course.Miss Corinne Collins has returnedto her home from the Massie MemorialHospital, where she has been a patientfor several weeks. Miss Collins is recovering from the effects of an operation performed for the removal of enlarged tonsils. Mrs. Harry Collins,who recently underwentjm operationat the same institution lor appenaicitis, is recovering, and will soon beable to return to her home.(Other Personals on Page 5)"ONLOOKER" PAYS NICETRIBUTE TO BILLY COLLINS.("Onlooker" inFarmers' Home Journal.) "The call of the country to the colors has attracted one of the most popular members of the equine fraternity,in the person of 'Billy Collins, ofNTnrtli Mirtflletawn. Kv. 'Billy iswell known as the junior memDer otthe firm of John T. Collins & Son, whohave successfully exhibited a good .sla-jble of horses for the past several sea-sons. No one who ever Knew nuncould dispute the fact that 'Billy Collina is a eentlemari of highest caliberand- hit semporary loss to the horse -men's fraternity will be deeply regret-ted by all. 'Bill' is In training .at KortBenjamin Harrison and if our predictions hold true, before long we willsee him an officer in Uncle Sam'sarmy and subsequent promotions will"follow rapidly. Everyone win mistjhim at the fairs this summer, theladies especially, but we all commendhim heartily for his (patriotism antiwish him all the success which maybe his."As to 'Onlooker' he has enlisted,too, but in a different service, as hegoes submarine hunting in the Atlantic "Ocean on a torpedo boat destroyer.If the time comes for us to convoy ourfriend Collins across to foreign soilwe will take care to see that he is unharmed by the 'U-boat' nuisance."WHAT'S THE REASON?'Many ParisWithoutPeople in Poor HealthKnowing the Cause.There are scores of people who dragout a miserable existence withoutrealizing the cause of their suffering.Day after day they are racked withbackache and headache; suffer fromnervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhaps thokidneys have fallen behind in theirwork of filtering the blood rind thatmay be the root jof the trouble. Lookto your kidneys, assist them in theirwork give them the help they need.You can use no more highly .recommended remedy than Doan's KidneyPills endorsed by people all over thecountry and by your neighbors inParis. v r"Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 jCypress St,Paris, says:. "Some years ago, I foundit neccessarv to use !a kidiiev remedyand as I Iiad read- about 'Doan's Kidney Pills, I jised them. They proyeato be satlsfaHonpennanently'rld'me of kidney complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's( KidneyPills and'adjrtse their use to anyonetroubled lth. a weak or .lame back orirregular passages of the kidney secretions:' t . V V '-,,. Prtoie M$ aandfrs.,.Don'tsimply k f or a -kldar rsady gptDoan's Kidney Pills the ;taie thatMr. Dudley ha4. " FbsUr-MUbtirn Co.;Props., Buffalo; N. Y. ' '-" (adv), .MR. DIXON'S SPEECH.j continued froan Page 2.)jvanceuientbf the religion which we'KS inX Tast.proiess than has ever bean anrnm.Tj ot.Qrtf r Mt n . . . .to God and which will ever stand asa fitting testimonial to our childrenand children's children of the faiththat is in us. As I look around uponthis .presence I feel as if I can readin the faces of many of you mingledfeelings of joy and o'f sadness unnn-- w wu 11CIC U. ICUipiO X1UUU11U5mv??oa' sadn.ess, asf we reialilSSwCene,f d 2"?d1en1ta connected;7pnlne.Chur?11 hl has been soin" to?n down- n was to "lisr " tuai someaf wealing in-' "TT ' ,,VaT an.(! motnJBr, a?dsisterand brother, to unite in thehood, came to plight their lives andtheir all for the future in the holybonds of matrimony. Here we cameto pay the last tribute of respect tomany of our loved ones. Surely thememory of such scenes that have passed and gone forever can but bringfeelings of sadness.There, is joy at the prospect that weare to have a new and, I trust, a morebeautiful and more fitting temple ofworship where we may unite with themembers of our family ami withfriends in the praise and the service,of the Master.It was on the first day of January,1871, that Dr. filanton preached a historical sermon from the pulpit of- thechurch so recently removed, in whichhe used these words: "I can not butlook forward a little when those ofus who are here to-day shall also begone. It will be but a short timewhen another's voice will herald theGospel tidings from tills pulpit, and acongregation of strangers will fill thesepews. The youngest of us will soonbe in our graves, our spirits will bewith our Saviour and the friends whohave gone before us."How soon have these almostprophetic words been fulfilled. WereI to call the roll of that congregationthat heard those words, how manycould answer? I dare say that -thegreat majority have joined the speaker in that bright world to which theylooked, and are with 'those happyspirits to which he referred as havinggone before.But here I deem it not inappropriateto refer to a fact which I think shouldbe a matter of thankfulness and gratitude upon the part of all of "us, andthat is that there is still with us onewho was present upon that occasionand who is the only one of the officers then present who is still living,ji refer to Mr. George W Davis. For! ninety years he has gone in and outbefore the people of this community,and by reason of his blameless lifeand his devotion to duty, to the principles of right and Justice and to thecause of his Master, has endearedhimself to us and is respected,loved, honored and venerated by all.And I am sure I voice the feelingsand sentiment of all In this presencewhen I say we pray that Heaven'srichest blessings may rest upon himand that a divine power may supportand sustain him during the remainingyears of his pilgrimage upon thisearth,"and when the end shall comaand he shall enter Into that upper anabetter kingdom, that he .may receivefrom the Master the welcome plaudit,well done, good and faithful ser-vant."If, as many behove, it be permittedjtO those who have passed beyond theconfines of this life, to revisit thescenes, oftheir earUiyexistence,, or tohave a care or concern for those whomthey loved and left behind, with whatfeelings must these dear departed splrits now look down upon this scene,at which so many who were bound tothem by the ties of blood and amectlonare present, and who are now here engaged in this solemn and hallowed service. And although these eyes cannot penetrate the veil that hides themfrom our view, and though we call tothem and they answer us not, andthough we stretch out our hands andthey seem to regard us not, yet whocan we say that these brightspirits are not looking downupon us at this time with an abidingand tender interest?As we contemplate such a scene, Ifeel as if we were standing in the presence of a mighty host of the sainteddead, if, indeed, there is such -a thingas death. One has beautifully said:"There is no death, but angel formsWalk o'er this earth with silenttread;They bear our best loved ones away,And' we call them dead.But ever near us, though unseen,The dear immortals tread;For all the boundless universeIs life; there are no dead."I refer to believe that this is so.How dark and. gloomy would; be; thatfuture did I not believe that far beyond the ken of mortal vision thereis a better world and a brighter shore,upon which I shall one day walk andenjoy the, society and companionshipof those whom X have loved in thislife. rIn conclusion, let pie say, in thoselines so familiar to you all:"So live thatwhen thy summons cometo join'The innumerable caravan marchingTothat-mystrious realm where each,shall takeHis 'clamber in the silent halls ofdeath, - ; . .Thou go noti iikesUwtjiuarry slars atnightie I&jl i&sScourgsi-to his duMgonr but suatamedfand sootked . ,-"'. '-By an wafslUring- tnist,approach : thy .J- his couch" - " '-. :T jAbout Um and lies down to "pleasantdrsams." --r-s-" "" -" " "- -- nti' ..-. --- ---ST":-.: .. .J- nt. i. ...: - - ?--- -v rj- - - - -iGirTrattpiJ - MM1 n 1 111 ii ij 11 n 111 111 j 11Icej It is with reluctance that we are compelled toI notify consumers of ice that the following pricest will prevail from this date until further notice.This advance has become necessary on ac-count of the greatly increased prices in labor andevervihino that J neorJ in tViA mmifon.i t :- -especially coal.The prices will be as50 pounds' 25 pounds16 pounds6 poundsParis Ice Manufacturing Co.(Incorporated.)J.iT.itil.if.,T..t.T..VT..t..t..T.,T, T, T. T t t..t..T. T..T. f f .j.,.,y.ComingAttractionsFridayThomas H. Ince presents Dorothy Dalton,Chas. Ray and LouiseGlaum, in"THEWEAKERSEX"Also a Mack Sennet Keystone Comedy, "SafetyFirst Ambrose," featuring Mack Swain. Mrs.Vernon Castle in the 10thepisode of "Patrla."Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission S and 1 0c.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance !; I.1 desire to announce to our friends that I can, -wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. This,method of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better-time, and at no advance incost over the horsedrawn conveyance".GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral DirectorL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRJVANo. , . U134 Lexington, daily except Sunday SrlZi Atlanta,! daily-.vv. ." ........ . .-....SclSafR.25 Cynthianar daily except Sunday ' ...7:W.aia10 Rowland, dailyexcept Sunday .......7:H:ar11 MayaVille daily-'except Sunday . . . .v. . . XiU aia40 Lexington daily except Sunday. , ...74rM211 Maysrille, Sunday anly .. ...-.S:tG a210 Rowland, Sunday only S:H140 Lexington, Sunday only ..t:lt apt-17 MaysYille, daily except Sunday ....vt:5ap37 Cincinnati, O., daily. t:M am12 Lexington, daily It: 12 am33 Chicago, daily If: 17 ml,26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 13: M m?39 Cynthiana, Dally Except Sunday 3:Si wm-9 Maysville, Dally Except Sunday :.0 fm"138 Lexington, Daily 7 3:13 fa,38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 yea19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 f39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday fr:5 $m14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday C:lf !32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 1:33 m"214 Lexington, Sunday only 3:34 ye239 Cincinnati, iunday only 9:34 ya31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:33 pea130 Lexington Daily 10:23 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVNo. . . w7 i-n r.M ix16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 3:31 am34 Cincinnati, waily .-. ..3:3 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday .T: ami11 Lexington, daily except Sunday .7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday , 7:43. aj211 Lexington, Sunday only 3:lf-am?40 Cincinnati, Sunday only -.3:30 am35. Lexington, daily except Sunday .3:M am37 Knoxville, daily :..... ... .13:37; am133 Lexington, daily ....13:30 am.33 Jacksonville, daily : :.. -. 10:31 Mm18 MayavUIe, daily .....13:04 fltfr26 ""Cynthiana, dally except Suniax... . .-. 13i0f -mm-13 Lexington, daily except Suriay. .....;iU7mi00 Uincinnati, oauy .'......... 'mm-39 Lexington, daily except tommy....... fiT3 Rowland, Daily except amiay. .gaj14 Maysville, daily except Sunday ;.. ..Kit32 .Chicago, dally . : ifsmjm, . 30 Cyntblaaa, dally except Sunday , .v.t:'4i im-l139 Lexington, SundayNraly ;....S:Mmr'lis Maysville, Stmday only JMrim214 Maysville, Sumday only if 30 jmf230 Lexington, Sunday only ; 0:33 per203 Richmond, Sunday only ..... f-.- . rn-, .... ............. . . .3:00 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only;. v .....3:44 pm123 1 Lexragton, Dally . .. .. .... ........ ................. . .7".. .0:33 f)mt.as db O. TIlVriE-T.A.BIjElHOP:l V ... . TRA4H ARUrVtVFUOm 'J. T- 2 Trakfct, 1., Deilyjfc 8my........V- t Frankfort. Ky., .Daily Ha. Sunday. . . . . ......,.. .:.. , 3 k. m.v 3 rraaklort. Ky. Dfty Ex. Sonda, ..... ..... .- ..... 3i3 stin 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 m 1 1 ! tConsumers,Notice !iifollows:u..25 cents15 cents10 cents5 cents, f j T-r-f"f-r l f j f 1 1 J JPARIS GRAND Ai ALAMOSATURDAY.Clara Kimball Young in"The Badge of ShameJ70From "The Yellow Passpoft"Alamo afternoon; Grand at night: .Lillian Walker in "Sally in a Hurrya Blue Ribbon feature. Also Big Vcomedy. Alamo at night. -MONDAY.Pauline Frederick intf.--"The Slave Market"Famous Players,comedies.Also two ParamountMil?-II:V:Ali !InHHrr4iM:jEHQiEeXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIsf KY.rFOUNFRIDAY, MAT ,&$The Bourbon NewsrtaWiahcd 1881 36 Years of Con-tlnlons Publication."ANGELS OF MERCY"THE RED CROSSBwMtahad Every Tuesday and Friday.Fr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.J- vWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(tared at the Paris, Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)NEWS OF THE SOLDIERSMr. Catesby Spears, who recently enMted in the Officers' Reserve Corps,s asd -who has been at the trainingamp. Ft Benjamin Harrison, neaTJwlianapolis, has been at home for afew days, having been granted leaveabsence in order to give his .personal attention to some important(" """wa iiiAtLcia. xur. opeaxs reportsI'll the Bourbon boys as beinir In coodfcealth, the solitary exception beingMr. Charlton Clay, who contracted asevere cold and was confined to thecaeap hospital several days. Mr.Clay is greatly improved and is nowft duty again.Mr. C. C. Dawes, son of Dr. B. A.Dawes, of Georgetown, for a long timeassistant secretary , of the Bourbonc County Y. M. C. A., and later a member of the- Paris High School faculty,sas been accepted in the Officers' Re, sexve Corps. Mr. Dawes left Tuesday1st Fort Benjamin Harrison. He willse a member of Company H., Thirteenth Ohio.A letter from Mr. Hugh CampbellTiers THE 3J3WS sent to him at thewrap until further notice. Mr. Campell says the boys are all doing well4 getting accustomed to camp life.Tkey are granted many special privBeges, but at the same time they areseimg put through some strenuouspaces.FHETWELL BARN BURNEDA stock barn on the farm owned byMr. L. J. Fretwell, on the Clintonvilleike, was entirely destroyed by fire oras wiknown origin Wednesday nightTfce arn oontalaed a quantity of feeda4 some farming implements. Theless was about $1,000, with no insur-Continued from Page 1.)time after Jhat, as far as time goes,to spend one dollar for a 'membershipin the Bourbon County Chapter of theAmerican Red Cross. You will neverhave another chance to spend a dollamore sensibly.The Bourbon County Chapter hasuaged a most successful campaign formembership from the beginning of themovement, resulting ni the addition ofover five hundred! names to the list.THE NEWS in this issue prints thenames of the members from the initialday up to last Monady night Thenames of others will be printed eachsucceeding Issue, or as often as theyare reported by the Secretary of theChapter.Mr. E. P. Hukill, Mr. A. M. Keller,Judge Dundon, Mr. Harry Kerslake,Mr. Sid Ardery, Jr., Mr. AndersonCahal, Mr. John Cahal, Dr. Brooks,Mr. John Davis, Mrs. J. A. Lyle, Mr.Geo. R. Bell, Mrs. Geo. R. Bell, Mrs.Nell Willis, Mrs. Robt Collier, Mrs.Elizabeth Dundon, Mrs. J. O. Marshall,Mrs. R. B. HutchcraEt, Mrs. Lida Conway, Mrs. Joe Ruttencutter, Mrs. K.M. Hamilton, Mr. Will Shire, Mr. G. K.Redmon, Mr. Will Brannock, Mr. I. C.Haley, Mr. Ed. F. Pri chard, MIstRachel McClintock, Mr. Wm. Wornall.Mr. D. B. Clark, Mr. John Garrison.Mr. Isaac S. Reynolds, Mr. LeerStout Mr. Wm. Kerr, Mr. Joe Leach,Mr. Emile Raines, Miss ElizabethClay, Miss Nell Fithian, Mr. B. A.Frank, Mr. Russell Frank, Mrs. DenisDundon, Mr. Luther Rice, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mr. Claude M.Thomas, Mr. Aylette Buckner, Mrs.Aylette Buckner, Mr. Catlett Buckner,Mr. Clay Sutherland, Mrs. Rudolph(Davis, Mr. Thos. H. Clay, Jr., Mr. Wm.Grannan, Mr. Allie Young, Mr. Brutus Clay, Mr. Frank Kiser, Dr. Marshall, Mr. Pierce Paton, Mrs. J. J.Veatch, Mrs. Irene Isaacs, Mrs. J. T.Tadlock, Mr. Bruce Miller, Dr. A. H.Keller, Mr. Stamps Moore, Dr. HarryMathers, Mr. Wm. Lail, Mr. WoodfordHouston,' Dr. Daugherty, Mr. C. N.Peddicord, Mr. Will Holt, Mr. L. W.Lawson, Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Geo. W.Feagin, Mrs. James Grinnell, Mr. Finnell Galloway, Mr. S. T. Chipley, Mr.Horace Collins, Mr. J. W. Bacon, Mrs.F P. Caanpbell, Mr. Peale Collier, MissSue Johnson, Miss Mary Clay, MissNell Mitchell, Mr. H. C. Howard, MissHazel Houston, Miss Lola Gray, Col.E. F. Clay, Mrs. Julia Houston, Mrs.Peale Collier, Mr. Chas. White, Mrs.Albert Hinton, Mrs. John S. Sweeney,Mrs. Newt Mitchell, Mrs. KatherineReading, Mr. James Thompson, Mr. W.S. Dale, Mr. L. D. Harris, Mr. JohnArkle. Mr. C. B. May, Mr. J. MorganBrown, Mr. Swift Champ, Mr. O.Hedges, Mr. E. C. Cleveland, Mr. F. J.Savage, Mr. W. C. Dodsou, Mr. TomJ. Kiser, Mr. James Daugherty, Mr.;W. T. Talbott Mr. J. W. Hayden, Mr.'Kiser Smith, Dr. J. W. Jameson, Mr.G. W. Wyatt, Mr. Clay Hutchcraft, Mr.'Albert Hinton, Mr. Geo. Speakes, Mr.'A. R. Dennison, Mr. E. P. Clark, Mr.Arthur Hancock, Jr., Mjss NancyClay Hancock, Miss B. Monroe,Miss Margaret Ferguson, Miss KateEdgar, Mr. Clell Turney, Mr. LonTaylor, Mr. Geo. R. Davis, Mrs. J. G.Redmon, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Prof.J. L. Scott, Mr. Geo. L. Batterton, Mr.Wm. Harrison, Miss Mary Kenney,M,r. L. M. Kiser, Miss Grace Haskins,Miss Kate Alexander, Miss Mabel Robbins, Mr. Keith Spears, Mr. Sam Gray,Mr. W. B. Kiser, M.r E. P. X3Iaybrook,Mr. L. Fretwell, Mr. Chas. Marston,Mr. James Moreland, Mr. R. F. Collier,Mr. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mr. Terrell, Mr. John Marston, Mr. MattLair, Mr. Barnett Winters, Mr. FayArdery, Mr. Virgil Gaitskill, Mr. L. A.Soper, Mr. Geo. Wyatt, Mr. Jno. Yerkes, Mrs. Annie Lee W. Clay, Mrs.E. T. Proctor, Mr. E. T. Proctor, Mr.Steele Marsh, Mrs. John T. Hinton,Mr. Harry Simon, Mr. Billy Taylor,Mr. Jim Metcalf, Mr. Wallace Mitchell, Mr. Roy Clendenin, Mr. DuncanBrown, Mr. Andy Skillman, Mr. LeePrice, Mr. John Lockhart Davis, Dr.Wm. Kenney, Mr. Geo. Current, -Mrs.Cornie Baird, Dr. J. H. Comer, Mr.David Cline, Mr, E. M. Dickson, Dr.Oberdorfer, Mr. Chas. Cook, Mr. Ed.Gray, Mr. W. H. Keller, Mr. Chas.McCarthy, Mr. John McCarthy, Mrs.M. Lyons, Mr. Pat Kane, Mr. PaulKelley, Mr. Dan Mahaney, Mr. ConDoyle, Mr. Stoddard Young, Mr. Richard Welling, Mr. Thos Burns, Mrs.Cora Ockerman, Mr. J. R. Roche, Mrs.J. T. Sharrard, Mr. Henry Fuhrman,Dr. Stern, Mr. Frank Walker,. Mr.Wm. H. Webb, Miss Nell Crutcher,Miss Mayme Holladayt Mr. C. T.Kenney, Mrs. Mack Evans, MissJosephine Fithian, Mrs. H. H. Hancock, Rev. Geo. Harris, Mr. CharlesMitchell, Mrs. Swango, Mr. W. H.Whitley, Mr. J. W. Davis, Mr. WithersDavis, Mr. C. W. Penn, Mrs. BelleAlexander, Mrs. Buckner Woodford,Mr. Buckner Woodford, Miss JaneMarsh, Mrs. Owen Davis, Mr. W. A.Thompson, Mrs. Ed. Hedges, Mr.Frank Buchanan, Mr. Jim Woodford,Mrs. Geo. dacoby, Mrs. Clell Turney,Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Mrs. Hannah Butler, Mrs. Jas. Dodge, Mr. S. W. Willis,Mrs. Dan Peed, Mrs. Mollie James,Mr. Tom Allen, Mrs. W. A. Johnson,Mr. B.-A. Batterton, Mr Ed. Turner,Mr. W. H. McMillan, Mr. Harry Liuville, Mr. Sam Houston, .Mrs. BrooksWoodford, Mr. Jim Caldwell, Mr.Eush Bishop, Mr. John Marr, Mr.Wm. Whaley, Mr. Harry Holt, Mr. Jas.O'Brien, Mr. Wm. Chisholm, Mr. F. C.Nucome, Mr. Ed. Summers, Mr. Clarence Buchanan, Mr. James Dodge,Miss A. B. Dodge, Mr. Edgar Dodge,Mr. James Shea, Mr. Posner, Mr.Frank Clay, Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mr.Clarence Wright, Mr. Elmer Myers,Mrs. Chas. Fithian, Mrs. Louis. Rogers,Mr. J. W. Thomas, Miss Anna Hutchcraft, Mrs. E. F. Clay, Dr. Poage,Mrs. Wm. Remington. Mrs. CordiaParker, Mrs. Tom Talbott, Mr. GilbyMehagan, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs.King Griffith, Mr. J. T. Redmon, Mrs.J. H. Goodnet, Mrs. W. G. Talbott, Mr.Ed. Orras, Mr. Eleyar Deuley, Mr. NF. Brent, Mr. Walter Payne, Mr. LewisRogers, Mrs. J. T. Vansant. Mr. JamesI Russell, Dr, H. M. Hamilton, Mr. JohnM. Clay, Mr. Lawrence Price, Mr.;Robt. Meteer, Mr. A. L. Stevenson,,Mr. John Collins, Mr. Will Meteer,Mr. John Lair, Mrs. Fisher, Mr. Sam'Hardin, Mr. Charlie Clark, Mr. J. W.j Young, Mr,. James McClure, Mr. Tollie Young, Mr. W. W. Judy, Mr. Nathan Bayless, Jr., Mr. Ossian Edwards,Mr. F. A. Wallis, Mr. Thos. H. Clay.Sr., Mr. Graham Young, Mr. GeorgeDeterman, Mr. G. M. Mansfield, Mr.P. J. McCord, Mr. J. T. Conners, MrR. E. Watson, Mr. J. D. Booth, Mr.T. A. Hendricks, Mr. Ernest Martin,Mr. J. T. Haggard, Mr. R. J. Brown,Mr. M. V. Wells, Mr. M. B. Jackson,Mr. C. D.- Tackett .Mr. R. J. Sale, Mr.W. O. Hinton, Mrs. Powell Bosworth,Mrs. W. L. Dale, Miss Fannie Harris,Mr. Albert Mitchell, Mrs. Geo. M. Hill,Mrs. Kenney Nichols, Mrs. Edt. Fithian, Mr. M. D. Le Master, Mr. HaroldWollstein, Mr. John W. Young, Mr.W. L. Cantrill, Mr. W. O. Butler, Mr.Carley Wilmoth, Mr. Frank White, Mr.J. C. Engleman, Mr. M. C. Keller, Mr.J. H. Moran, Mr. H. M. Roseberry, Mr.M. Clark White, Mr. Harry Collins,Mr. Redmon Talbott, Mr. John WilHams, Mrs. Harry Brent Fithian, Mrs.Geo. Crosdale, Miss Frances Butler,Mr. Sid Ardery, Sr., Mrs. J. FrankClay, Mr. Sam Clay, Mrs. W. H. Stilwdll, Mrs. W. B. Griffith, Mrs. J. W.Thomas, Mr. Tom Buckner, Mrs.Tom Buckner, Mr. Brooks Buckner,Mr. Clay Wornall Buckner, Mr. Charlton Alexander, Mr. John T. Hedges,Miss Tillie Jaynes, Mr. Raymer Jones,Mr. Coleman Renick, Mr. John Young.(Carlisle), Mr. John Roseberry, MissJennie Howard, Miss Leila Keller,Mrs. Arthur Keller, Mr. Fred Link,Miss Elizabeth Embry, Mrs. BenWoodford, Mrs. White Varden, Mrs.Juila Rogers, Mr. Dave Wilson, Mr.JoefB. Smith, Mr. Wll Hall, itfrs.Harry KesiaKe, Mr. k. ij. dow.SWEET POTATO PLANTSTExtra fine quality, with long roots.Fresh pulled as you call for them.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(22-4t)il Ullli I Hl-M'MH 11 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 111 III Ml 1 1 1 1 111 1 H 1 1 U IPI Some Will Offer Their Lives llI Others Will Loan Their Money ITo Their GovernmentGIFT SELECTIONS.Make your gift selections from ourcomplete stock.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.As compared with that of the men at the frontthe Jlot of most of our citizens is an easy one.The least that you can do is to subscribe to theLIBERTY LOAN OF 1917, which must be made anoverwhelming success!By subscribing to this loan you will be doing yourduty as a citizen and your money will be invested inthe safest security in the worlu. Your interest returnwill be satisfactoiyS per cent.Subscriptions of at least $50 should be received from ?everyone.Protect your country, your family, yourself !ACT TO-DAY !FORMER PARISIANS LOSERSIN BIG ATtANTA FIRE.Farmers & Traders Bank.First National Bank,Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCo.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.of Paris, Ky.Farmers Bank, Clintonville,North Middletown Deposit Bank,Exchange Bank, Millersburg,Farmers Bank, Millersburg.The fire which caused such destruction in Atlanta, Ga., last week, was acause of personal loss to two youngAomeiL former residents of Paris, wholost their clothing and personaleffects.Misses Ada and Jessie Feeback,daughters of Mrs. Sallie Feeback, ofParis, were the sufferers. The MissesFeeback are nurses in the Grady Memorial Hospital, in Atlanta, and occupied one of the numerous nurses' cottages which were destroyed by thefames. Mrs. Feeback had just returned from Atlanta, where she had spentthe winter with her daughters, andwas apprised of the close call theyhad. The Misses Feeback are sistersof Mr. Ed. Feeback, of the Cumherland Telephone Co.'s force at thispointInformation was received here yesterday that Msr. J. Gratz Hanley anddaughter, Mrs. Cochran Bailey ,neeMiss Emma Hanley, of Paris, also losteverything except the clothing theyhad on, by the fire.1 1 1 1 1 1-1-11 f f T-rf-T-frTt-rH-T-i-tT-l T lrrT r T T T T T T I T T T 1 1 1 1 n ! 1 1 IHURST INSURANCE COMPANYMUST PAY DEATLEY'S $400At Frankfort, Tuesday, the Court ofAppeals affirmed the decision of theNicholas Circuit Court in the case ofthe Hurst Home Insurance Company,of Millersburg, against L. DeAtley,who recovered $400 insurance on hisproperty. The company resisted payment on the ground that DeAtley hadviolated the "aditional Insurance"clause in his policy by taking out another policy on the property,j The Cojirt said, however, there wasa question whether the additional insurance was on identically the sameproperty insured in the Hurst Insur. ance Company, and when a contract ofI insurance is susceptible of two constructions, that will be preferredwhich is most advantageous to the insured.CHANGE OF TIME.The auto bus which was recentlyput in commission between North Middletown and Lexington by way of Clintonville by the North MiddletownI Transportation Company, will untilfurther notice leave Lexington at 4:10p. m., instead of 3:00 p. m., as heretofore. The change in time was maderat the urgent "request of many whodesired to have longer time in Lexington.EXAMINATION FOR COUNTYSCHOOL HEADS ARE FIXEDAn examination for for persons toqualify as County. School Superintendents will be held in Frankfort to-dayand to-morrow. Another examinationfor the same purpose will be held inJune.All persons who desire to bo elected to the office of CountySchool Superintendent at the fallelection must take the examination inorder to qualifiy for the office. CountySchool Superintendents will be electedin all the counties this fall.DISTRICT CONVENTIONAT NORTH MIDDLETOWNThe District Convention of the C.W. B. M. Of thft PhrfaHnn V.u ..nibe held at North Middletown next(Monday and Tuesday. The program,for both days are filled to the brimwun gooa speeches and inspirationaltalks.On Monday, Mrs. O. H. GrlestState President of the C. W. B. M.,will be the principal speaker. Lunchwill be furnished at noon by the ladlesof North Middletown at the church.An. auto truck will meet all themorning trains at Paris to carry thdelegates to North Middletown. intime to get in the morning sessions,and also to the late trains of the day.'BIG PURCHASE OF LAMBS.Caywood & McClintock purchasedof Mr. Lew Taylor this week 138lambs, which average 73 pounds, at15 cents. This is the first douhledeck of Iambs to be shipped from thissection this spring.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paria,or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin.Finder" leave at this office.illGREATEST PROFIT SHARING SALEIN THE HISTORY OF PARIS sBeginning Saturday; May 26, and Continuing Until June 9thWe Will Offer New Spring and Summer Merchandise AtThe Most Drastic PRICE REDUCTIONS of the Season!A portion of the many items is here before you. Don't fail to attend this sale for your share of the bargains.Coats$12.50 Coats at $ 7.98$15.00 Coats at $11.00$20.00 Coats at $14.75, $22.60 Coats at $17.50$30.00 Coats at $22.50$35.00 Coats at $24.50Skirts$ 7.50 Skirts at . . . ." $ 4.98$10.00 Skirts at $ 7.98412.60 Skirts at $ 9.98$15.00 Skirts at $12.50Silk Petticoats$3.00 Silk Petticoats at $2.29$5.00 Silk Petticoats at $3.98HosieryLadies' 25c Hose at ifc prldiM 35c Hose at . . .2c prLa4ies' 5 and 75c Silk Hose at 59c prLaiies $1.25 Silk Hose at $1.10 prLftdtee' $L50 Silk Hose at $1.29 prDfiMMs 25c Hose at .' 19c pr. Misses 35c Hose at 29c prRibbonsOae'lot of fancy Ribbons, 35cand 40c grade, at 25c ydUnderwearNazareth and and Warner'sPerfection Body Waists forBoys' and Girls' size 2 to 14years, regular 35 c values.. 29c eachPearl Union Suits for Children,Regular 65c values 48c eachLadies' Vesta and Pants, Regular 35c values 29c eachGingham Aprons andHouse Dresses75c Bungalow Aprons at 59cPercale Bungalow Aprons at 45c35c Lancaster Gingham Aprons at. 29s$1.25 House Dresses at 98c$1.60 House Dresses at $1.1976c Dressing Sacques at t.59cChildren's Coats atOne-Half Price.$4.00 Coats at ; $2.00$5.00 Coats at .,.$2.50S7.50 Coats &t $3.75Millinery$5.00 and $6.00 Hats at .' $3.95$7.50 Hats at .$4.95$10.00 Hats at $7.98$15.00 Hats at $9.98Muslin Underwear$1.50 Combination Suits at $1.19$1.75 Combination Suits at $1.48$1.98 Combination Suits at $1.69$2.98 Combination Suits at $2.48$1.50 Princess Slips at $1.19$2.00 Princess Slips at $1.48$2.50 Princess Slips at $1.9875c Gowns at 59$1,00 Gowns at 1 79$1.50 Gowns at $1.19$2.00 Gowns at $1.59$2.50 Gowns at $2.1935c Corset Cover at 2950c Corset Cover at 4375c Corset Cover at 59$1.00 Corset Cover at 79$1.50 Camisoles at $1.19$2.00 Camisoles at $1.5976c Skirts at .".... .65$1.50 Skirts at ...."."; $1.25$2.50 Skirts at ."$2.19Wash Goods andCrashes20c Crashes at 17c yd15c Crashes at, 12c dy18c Dress Ginghams at 15c yd15c Dress Ginghams at 132c yd20o Percales at 18c yd18c Percales at 16Jc yd12c Lawns at 11c yd10c Lawns at ....8 1-3c ydSuits ($15.00 Suits at . r. $ 9.98$20.00Suits at $12.50$25.00 Suits at $14.98$30.00 Suits at $22.50$35.00 Suits at $24.50$40.00 Suits at -. $27.50$47.50 Suits at $32.50Sheets & Long Cloth65c Sheets at 59c90c Sheets at 79c$1.25 Sheets at $1.10$1.35 Sheets at $1.19$1,50 Longcloth, 10-yds to Boltat $1.25 bolt$2.00 Longcoth, 10-yds to Boltat :$1.69 bolt. Children's Dresses.. "(Sizes 2 "to 6 Years)65c Dresses at .50c$1.00 Dresses at 7c$1.25 Dresses at i.98c(Sizes 6 to 14 Years) t$L00 Dresses at 79c$1,50 Dresses at $1.19$2.00 Dresses at $1.59$2.50 Dresses at $1.93$3.00 Dresses at $2.48Dresses$12.50 Dresses at $ 7.98$15.00 Dresses at $11.00$20.00 Dresses at $14.75$25.00 (Dresses at .' $17.75$30.00 Dresses at $22.50$35.00 Dresses at $24.75$40.00 Dresses at $27.50Weists$1.60 Wash Waists at $..98$2.00 Wash Wai its at $1.69$2.50 Wash and Silk Waists at... $2.19$3.00 Wash and Silk Waists at. ..$2.69$5.00 Silk Waists at $4.48$6.00 Silk Waists at $5.25$7.50 Silk Waists at $6.69Embroideries andEdgings10c values at tc yd12c values at v 10c yd15c values at , . . T. . . .12J4c-yd-25o values at 21c ydBed Spreads$1.50 Bed Spreads at....:.....$i.2.$2.00 Bed Spreads at $1. 9$3.00 Bed Spreads at $2.48$3.50 Bed Spreads at $2.9HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllOne Price to AllFtpirtfAN GMk MrlM4 in MainFifurts. '-kt.IT fto -Ifi Tm,ttA ' 1 fat'.' -&-"s.-s.-. 1ijr-.,F4ST'v. :FjBJFAY, HAY 25, 1917,THE BOURBON NBiWS, PARIS, K.FAGEFimSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BIG DAY AT FISHFRY AT "XALAPA FARM."The now-famous "Xalapa Farm" ofMr. Edward Simms, of Houston Texas,located on the North Middletownpike, about seven miles from pVris.PRANK & COMPANYFOR THE DESTNOTHING ELSEMrs. Wm. I. Goodman, Jr., and wajthe scene Tuesday of one of theMiss Lida Clay Ingels, of Lexington m0S remarkable gatherings held mwere guests of Paris friends Tuesday! B,luJb?i COn Ince the da,ys of,theold-fashioned barbecues and outdoorMrs. Nannie Patton, of Carlisle, is Political gatherings.a guest of her son, Conductor Everett Mr Simms was host on this occa-Patton, of the Interurban service, who sion to the people of Bourbon county,is now located in Paris. irrespective of sex, age, color, or pre-THE RELIABLE STOREFERTILIZERS.Swift's Tobacco Fertilizers,ft pays big to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.iuiay25-tf)"YOUR GIFT SHOP."dHMf ;The A. J. Winters Co.BLUEGRASS SEED CROPLIKELY TO BE SHORTOwing to adverse weather contitionB and other causes, the crop ofiluegrass seed in this county will..robably be short in quantity at leastThe grass, which is now heading out,iias stems not more than six inchesong. The grass seed crop has beenone of the biggest industries in Bourbon county for years, bringing in a.arge financial revenue, and being ajnvat advertisement for the county.SCHUMATE DISCHARGED"Hlmer Schumate, charged with manous cutting and wounding Jessesby, in a row at the home of BenJoreland, near Paris, some days ago,as tried before Police Judge Janu-rv, Wednesday, and "was releasedf"om custody, the evidence showing, m not to have been the aggressor.Sosby is still at the Massie Memo-c al Hospital, where he is improvinglowly.FRESH BERRIES TO-DAY.Fine Tennessee strawberries receiv-I fresh every day. Phone us yourt.rder if vou want the best to be hadrltj " C. P. COOK.SUITABLE GIFTS..Gifts suitable for graduation atTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.BECOMING SCARCE.Since the newspapers, courts andarmy officers have had so much tosay about loafers in Paris, they (theloafers) are making themselvesscarce on the streets and. in the pub1'c places.This is, indeed, well. These loaferand idlers, white and black, cancause more trouble than any otherclass of nuisances. Go to work, jointhe army or the navy, or get to thecommunity gardens, and prove yourmanhood!BUSINESS AS USUAL.Prices, too, as usual, for we areasking the same prices and giving thesame good values in our suits at $15to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BEAUTIFUL NEW GOODS.Just received beautiful new goods inSterling Silver most suitable fordioice wedding gifts.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.A GENEROUS MOVE.Cni,m1n't. lncf 41iO omtllnVAS nf .Tflll- 'oauuuaj o.i34, i..- ..r... Iuarv & Connell were agreeably sur-prised when they received their payenvelopes lu mm wcicm -to their weekly salaries, a note to the .-ffect that from that date on theyvmtifi Aflrfi receive a substantial JULvance in wages. The firm,,. realizingthat men can do better work on hv-- .1 ll. nvtotlniT Tllirlling wages unuer uie caiou6 if-ost of living, voluntarily took tnisaction.IDRESSED FRESH FISH.r.r.A fipti rv.lQf nnd to-lTlOlTOW. IRemember we dress them free-1 -rvi ..n .Ai. nn1ar "P!Jth-Jcharge. Phone us your order. Eithf-rphone.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)A BLUE SERGE SUIT AT $20. jv.The good value as always, uuaran-.teed fast colors and perfect worKman-:Mn Tt. ia n enfo Investment forship. This is a safe investment foryour money.J. W. (DAVIS & COREV. RICE TO DELIVERBACCALAUREATE SERMON." I- ...The baccalaureate sermon to the ,graduating class of 1917 of the ParisHigh School will be delivered at thethe Christian church, in this city, attne evening hour, seven-unrtv u wu.on Sunday, June 3, by Rev John . J.Rire. nnv nf Ninholasvillerecently accepted a call to the pastorate of the Paris Presbyterian, church,and will come to Paris soon to assumethe duties of his charge.Rev. Rice is one of the most eloquent pulpit orators in the South, andhis sermon on this occasion will heone that will be well for everyone whocan come to hear.CENTRAL KENTUCKY RETAILMERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.9A committee representing the busi-r.occ fnf oi-of a nf" "Paris will visit 'themerchants and business people ofParis to-day to secure financial aid toward entertaining the delegates to theannual meeting of the Central Kentucky Retail Merchants' Association,which will be held In Paris on Wedehsday, June 12.The committee will make a personalappeal to all the business men to contribute to this fundv which will beused for providing sutible entertainment for the 250 delegates who willbe here. Not one should refuse. Thedelegate represent the best class ofall retail lines of bulnes in CentralKentucky. Tkey will make thisgathering in. Paris a test of Paris hosIritality and our people should makean ort to mutt the matter fairlythem with fttt-faU of greentacks!... ucuigc nuuimon, wno nasbeen a guest of her mother, Mrs. J. S.ien a guest oikveeney. on Hik.-CCixCj, uii niBgms avenue, return-ed yesterday to her home in TwoRivers, Wisconsin.mjcc au r..i.i -. ith7MnrPhPoH .w V , graa"a , 0the Morehead School, has arrived tobegin a course of training in thenurses' training school of the MassioMemorial Hospital.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian Church, delivered anaddress to the members of the 1917graduating class of the MillersburgCollege Tuesday morning."Mrs. Roy F. Benson, of Louisville,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.T C HnV fX Qanrktlfl C?f.nnf OIia -..ttlliu. v. -ru.j , UH UV.I.UUU DUCCl. due willj leave for home to-morrow, stopping inLexington for a visit to Mrs. HowardChurchill.Mr II T r"llr nf nan Tn: .nesday from a visit to Mrs. WilliamRaimey, at Norton Infirmary, in Louis-ville. Mrs. Raimey and her handsomelittle daughter, Frances Bos worthi , x x ' .. xtwio, o paging nsn, paroecueu meats, ourgootaken to the-Good Samaritan Hospital, boiled country hams, bread, picklesin Lexington, Tuesday. A serioufe sur- and coffee It waa simpiy delicious,gical aperation was performed on him served in the most appetizing manner,Wednesday. Mr. Clay was reported and evervhody told everybody else so.yesterday as resting comfortably. 0ne hundred and seventy-five gallons-Mr. James McClure, Jr., has gone o hufi Prepared by Dudley Lawto Ft. Benjamin Harrison, near rnc' J Lexington, over 1,500 poundsIndianalis, Ind., where he will take f, Afisnh' ?m' beeves, eight sheep,the training course in the Officers' thirty-fiye boiled country hams eightReserve Corps, in wnich several oth- hundred loaves of bread, seventy-fiveers from Paris-and the county have gallons o coffee and two barrels ofrecently enlisted. iP163, lia(1 been Prepared by a corps!of cooks under the direction of LeerAire swift .niiflmtin rnHirno.i t0a. Stout, of Paris, one of the most expe-Raimey, wiil return to their home at The affair was delightfully mtormai,Eminence soon. 9 .and there was nothing whatever to'mar the enjoyment of the occasion.Mr. and Mrs. Frank White have ( Mr. Simms personally saw to thereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. comfort of the guests, and was assistW. O. Brock, in Winchester. Their ed in this by his brother, Mr. Willdaughter, Miss Anna Louise White. Simms, of Spring Station, the residentvho has been a guest of friends and manager of the estate, Mr. Ben Buck-relatives in w lncnester, nas return-ed to her studies at Hamilton College,jn Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 3.)COMMENCEMENT EXERCISESPARIS HOME SCHOOL.Tho nlnclncr nvorniqpq nf thp PnrfaHome School will be held at the Bap-tist Church, tins (Fnaayj evening, ateight o'clock. Mrs, A. M. Harrison, ofLexington, will deliver an address tothe pupils.The opening exercises of the Com-mencement series were held at theschool Wednesday evening with a recital by the music class at eighto'clock. Last night there was anotherm.,cU ronlfnl nt thp Rohnnl hiilldinsr.klhe pupils of the classes acquittedthemselves very creditably.-On next Monday night, May 28, MissMabel Tqmplin, a pupil of Miss Gilt-ner, instructor in music at the HomeSchool, will give a recital at theschool at eight o'clock. She will belnccictoii hv Miss Mabel SoDer. voice..1 t n.nmWnltn avnrnc.ailU 1U1SS 11C11C uiamuiciic, vaF va!ftn The Dr0eram to be rendered bythe young ladies follows: 'loJloiKlO, Lp. ii, xo. dccluuvcuMiss Templlnnpndine Mr. Rabbit and Mr.Coon Joel Chandler HarrisMiss BrambletteNocturne Bohler. . .. Cl-AlrVoice syivenn oiuuiubCalnl as the Night BohmMiss soperEtineclles MoszkowskiMiss TempllnnoaiMne TnnLat for the Train. Anonrin "DmrnVilaif ayalse' Caprice Scliubert-Liszt-mrt in ...11..Miss Templin'FISH TAKEN FOR PONDSI PLACED IN STREAMS.Agentg of the Fish and Game Commission this week took from the. in Uie county a totalyoung fish, which were .plac-VL .' Z.. J , . -, i. o nnared in Strodes Creek, Stoner ureeicand other fishing streams in thecounty.rrv. fiCi ni need in these streams include 5,200 bream, 9,271 crappies and652 bass, all of which, if the nsn lawsnmnar1v nhserved. will CTOW intog.zed flsh for home consumption,J CTeatly in the food conserva-ipingThe and Qafg Commissiones e genuine sportsmen or ransBourbon COUnty to use their influ-... in niTifcnin'iner the laws and helping to forfeit out those who violatethem. The pot-hunter and the manwho throws out a net full of youngfish to die on the banks of a creek or apond is robbing someone else of Xoodin the future and. doing himself nogood. The real sportsmen, who lovesport for sports' sake solely, shoulduse every endeavor to help the localand State game ana Ash wardens toapprehend and convict these violatorsof tho law. What -possible good to anycommunity Is a Pish and Game Clubthat sits supinely by and allows thesepeople to wantonly destroy nsn.HOME GROWN STRAWBERR.ESTi-,B.mn-n strawberries are mak-ine their appearance on the local market They are of fine quality andbringing good prices. One of the firstcons&ents to the local market wasbrought in by Mr. John Sauer, whoraised an unusually nno cr wfarm between Paris and Millersburg.TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.An examination of colored teachersfor county certificates for. teaching inthe Borbott County School, will hehekL to-day and to-morrow in toeAm Mf ifias Mabel Robblns. Countyperintendleiit;iB the oourt hoftee.uuuo vuuuuiuu jl oci vuuue, iyuiit,ii:uition necessary being their ability toenjoy themselves. And they didMr. Simms has several lartm nnnds0n his farm, and they becoming over-stocKea witn nsn ne conceived tneIdea of draining them, and giving theDeoI)l6 a emiine ond-time fish frveP jd SSaided until invitationsif i expanded until invitationsa been fended- through a dozendifferent mediums to almost everyonein tnis city and county and in someof the surrounding counties as well,The guests began coming iw largenumbers from every direction on alltne roads, in all kinds of vehicles, andin a few short hours there was assem-bled) a very large crowd. Webber'sband of thirty-two pieces had been enrn rA ! ?vf nl rA A j-klirvlt4r..1 wtnnf1gagcu U.11U luiuiaiicu uciiguuui uiuaitthroughout the day. In the afternoonan orchestra discoursed music for thedancers at the bic navilion. At noona delightful dinner was served com-. . w . . . , . ,rienced caterers m the State. Altertne guests nau unisneu uiuir umwia,cigars were passed around, over thirtyboxes of sonauas oemg aisiriDuuiu.ner, ana a score ol peiauuu.i mcimo,- who wore white ribbon badges labeled"Entertainment."The farm where the entertaimentwas held is known as the old H. C.Buckner farm, and has been transformed by a score of landscape gardeners and artists into one of tne nanasomest estates In the State, not evenisWeDtinir the famed Haggin showPvrpntillEr the famed Hagginplace near Lexington. The farm com-prises one tnousuuu uucb ul mo m.wland in Bourbon county. Mr. Simmswill soon tear down the old Buckner'hoime on the farm, and will erect ahandsome mansion, on the site. He isspending thousands of dollars on theplace, not for purposes of show, bufor making it a home-like place forhis future residence.rThrnnch misinformation THENEWS published in its last issue anitem m regara to uie nan uy m wmwiit was stated that mint juleps werebe served. No liquors were on theground and none served, that beinga local option territory.-"HOUSE Of UUftLi i i.The "House of Quality1 is the placebuv" nifty, up-to-date jewelry.-j-tr-v SH1UE & UTl-tllAlN.'ImmmmsBssssmBVsssssBB4mjt W Porchm " iillifUtwt 1 JBSSSSvn i " I -Dance-loyers nGet a Victrola l' HtSand a dozen M j wAVictor Records vnSon our easy pay- Mment plan and mml ,Syou 11 be able to m I J -I'ldance whenever m I L Yyou wish and I " mto the best mu- teSajrjHlI sic in the world. iWl!! II Victrola..' $15 to $400 itJi IDaugherty Bros. IM I ll I I II 11 I-v' V I,VV-Suits, coatsand dressesrPRANKKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Vudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE-"EITHERPHONE" 363 - :Special PricesONNever, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look:SPECIAL!Now Showing Newest StylesWash SkirtsWash Dressesand House DressesIn& COMPANYand Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsMOTOR INVALID COAGHSIXTH'??v:f -'t.V,tha:mVar . i.UNDERTAKINGAND MAIN STS;!imnl IMiI4VClr J"S.sIT1' 1, $ i :. 1. p ;rr - iri - -- Ixs iW -, V . v ' t- ja - ''if -iSfcyVv : -t J v '5; -v V.?-qr.5?S. -ui . --j. J$&aau-ja- -vL "t ".ti jk. ?-Jy-VVCV-' -" VTHE BOURBONJNEWS, PAMS, KY.y - - $ T-'-Vfc 5'PK3L-"u - v-toji imTAti, ij ii. -tl-i ' '( inr i:'fLSr?. I -1Mlf.m eI?3ni.iMv1 f5.V' ft1 1'1'fnfrfc (fllWmiWBmW : . :if ; - . - i 111111111 i iiiiP f-wma&Jii i Mi ih iiaflij" !-. -r SltlMlm I I : ill 1 1 .TOt ft ,VMHn 1 l - !' Eliwy., v ." IHEIE3 : M MM Vji- - ffilfil I fyimmmmm in m nil - iii'.iLnj'i..! .CCIBIH-. I II I I ll I' llniV: ' mmm: .! 'f,; : fEiiH ' : mi mm- - Kim :W - mllilFm. ' HU II IBiii L I1HKI Wmmm h lires'U HMBia cSB fe ig? ,W1 1 : bk4iLiU 'mmrmmi,i!illli&tffVHAfSKHSTVT ymnmmXMr 'Ji- - ?m8mj&.; thK,MimB&'-Mi fmmr f f f ii in u ii - yEvery Diamond Tiremmet deliver full value inservice. If ever a Dtamond Tire fails, a cheerful, -willing adjustmentwill be promptly made.Black Tread'Red SidesC. S.Cor.RUBY GLOSSFurniture PolishWORLD'S BESTDUSTS, CXEAXS,rOLISUESTourF umiture.Piano, "Woodwork,Automobile, Finished Floors, and allYarnished Surfaces.Clear,4 pure andfree from any gum."Will not gatherdust, as it gives ahard, dry, brightf floss; a brighterustre than wax andeasier to use.FOR FLOORS USEiGArOlrr -QiiraitewlTe rive entire satisfaction or yourMoney willb re.IunddtfTHE J.J. HINTON CO.(April 27-tf-DYou Don't Have to. StoopIf You Uie aGarlandCabinetRangeytay. Cnwtilw kt4c mm vm.C1-A"rvsssftf - "fm, ful, willing adjustment Q.-vAaL U.1 II ITI W- X A CV m Vb jitsii tHcvudew1 HfcIIkSLIIIIIV55. nAriLXllLC9ttoMyoavinpy ' wHiStemoitdlCertainly, when yous-ve in the first cost ofa Diamond Tire, and addto that saving by its service, you will save fourtimes as muci ty usingfour Diamonds.Get Diamond Saueee3Treads tough, stubborn rubber that actually outwears carriage-tiresteel in abrasion tests.Lock at a Squecgce-Trcad Diamondthat hac geno thousands cf miles; notethat the Squeegee Tread is stiJl there.Your car may need ov.ly enc tiro today.Cct a Diamond, and keep en until youore using four and saving on each.DiamondSqueegeeTreadBALL GARACE4th Sc Pleasant Sts., Paris, Ky.WAIT A BIT.Some of our contemporaries havaannounced that Russia is down andout They have, we hope, counted tentoo rapidly. It is often the case thata considerable (period of unrest, misunderstanding, distress, uncertainty,follows a revolution. Had Russiamoved right along as if no revolutionhad occurred, the illustration of achange of government from absolutism to democracy without a tremqrwould have been unique in world history. We are disturbed about Russia. Atthe present time the situation looksalarming indeed, but while there is theslightest ground of hope let us not heutterly downcast. The defection ofRussia would, of course, mean that thefTJnited States would be in for a warcf long duration. Should Germany getpeace with Russia she would getpretty nearly everything Russia couldpass over the frontier, in addition togetting her Eastern front armies released for the Western front, and wemight have to fight Russia as well asGermany, but we nourish the hope thata way will he found by the Russiansout of the woods in which they nowundoubtedly are wandering. Frankfort State Journal.DON'T J-ET YOUR COUGH HANG ONA cough that racks an weakens isdangerous, it undermines your healthand thrive otiJnclct Relieve it atonce with Dr. KinTi New Discovery.This soothim: balsam remedy healathe throat, loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic propertiea kill the germ andthe cold is quicSly broken" up". Children and grownsps alike find Dr.Kind's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a hot-tie handy in your medicine chest forgrippe, croup and-all bronchial affectlons. At druggists, 50c.(may-adv)$1.50TCincinnatiand ReturnXHi Sptciai Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY,MAY27A'lIpW6-sSpccial train leave Parii 8:20a. 'mrarriYingJn Cincinnati tmt10:80 a. m.HReturning , leaves - Cincinnati(4th Street Station) atf7;p: m. -Crop of High Grade BlueGrass Seed Should BeRaised This Year.By H. Garman, Kentucky Experiment Station.The production of blue-grass seedof superior germinating quality isan object worthy of the best effortsof our farmers and seedmen thisyear, being entirely in line with thewar-time propaganda for increasedfood and feed production. But todo our best with the crop we mustgreatly improve our practice, for itis generally recognized that Kentuckygrowers have in the past beentoo hasty in harvesting and too careless in curing these seeds. This hasgiven Kentucky-grown blue-grass abad reputation outside the State, areputation that will stick to us aslong as we do not exert ourselvesand adopt practices which have beenshown to be necessary in order toget the crop off the land and curedshowing a better average germination. It is our bounded duty to doit this year. The writer knowswhereof ho speaks when he declaresthat it is practicable to harvest acrop averaging 80 per cent, germiation. Kentucky seeds have beenSold in our markets this year thattested 90 per cent, and above. Yetfrom curing ricks out of doors averaged only 69 per cent. This isin 1915 numerous samples takennot high enough. We can produceas good seeds as Missouri if we willonly take the pains in harvestingand curing taken by .the Missourigrowers. This year non-residentseedmen who were compelled tocome to Kentucky for blue grassseeds because the crop was a failurein Missouri in 191G, were surprisedto find home-grown seeds in ourmarket testing 90 per cent. Theyhad been accustomed to believe thatour soil and climate would not produce such seeds. Missouri seedmenare now trading on the belief, itmust be dispelled.A study of the blue grass seedcondition in Kentucky shows that itis not our soil and climate but ourway of handling the crop that reduces the quality of the seeds. Thechief reasons why our average islow are:1. Too large a production ofthe crop is stripped while green.2. The seeds are permitted toheat in bags or ricks while curing.We begin stripping a week orten days too soon, the argument urged in favor of this practice beinggenerally that the supply of strippersis not sufficient for all, and thathence to save the crop the workmust begin before the seeds arethoroughly ripe. It is a poor sort ofargument when urged year afteryear, and has resulted in the savingof green seeds at the expense of ourreputation.Growers are urged to prepare atonce to harvest this crop. -Strippersin sufficient numbers should besecured as soon as possible. Thecylinder stripper used by the Missouri growers ought to be given atrial. It saves only the best andthoroughly ripened seeds, it is true,but these bring a better price, andwe can afford to let some of therest go. Our reputation is at stake,remember.Don't touch a crop averaging 57per cent, or above. The Missourians want to be shown and ought tobe shown that we can do this.Avoid weeds. The pure seed lawrequires that when offered for salein our market blue grass seedsshall not have mixed with them morethan one sour dock seed to everytwo thousand blue grass seeds.Seedmen complain that the farmeris not careful enough about avoidingthe weedy places when strippingand that he is largely to blame forthe large number of weed ' seedspresent in the harvested crop.Attention- is called to this matterparticularly because this is the timeof all times when the sour dock canbe removed to advantage. Patchesof this weed growing in pasturesthat are to be stripped should bemowed now. Very badly infestedland should not be ' stripped. Theseedmen say that this is the farmers'"bit" and they are right aboutit. Suppress the sour dock in pastures. Do not permit it to maturtseeds at any time.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity Is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. King's New LifeFills are a imild and gentle laxativethat regulates the bowels and relievesthe congested intestines by removingthe accumulated wastes without griping. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverfeeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sNew Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv)EAT MORE CORN MEAL.It is really your own acquired taste3for certain foods that make the costof living high for you. For example,corn meal contains as much nourishment as either flour or the breakfastcreals, and costs only about half asmuch aa flour and, about one-third asmuch as rolled oats. It can be madeinto- mush and eaten as a cereal, bakedinto bread, used for griddle cakes,cooked with meat as scrapple, and prepared in a dozen other ways, many ofwhich are not in the cook books. TheMexicans, for example, make a sort ofgruel or thin mush of delightfularoma and flavor-by toasting the mealbefore they boll itFOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH. r.LJIeeX,iPlw!50i!ltt child-iike-i6Ufc;ihr.iriPinrTar-Honty.If your child" bM fcSv? ' Wm&aTTothe soothing pine belsami wliev thocmgh, loosens the phlegm and heels3 irHUte ttwnei. Get a bottle today at year dracftst and start treatBENEFITS BY HERFRIEND'S ADVITaniac Built Her Up FollowingAn Operation.FEELING MUCH BETTER NOW"Some time rgo I had an operationfor appendicitis and was in a veTy serious condition," said Miss loua Ralph.S20 Eleventh street, Owensboro. "Fortli reason J was slow about gettingover the operation. I couldn't standto walk but a short distance, eventhree months after the operation."My household duties seemed a burden after I was able to go about themand my shoulders often ached after Idid a little work. I also had a catarrhal condition in my head whichbotheied me a great deal."A very kind friend recommendedTanlne to nip and after taking threebottles I felt much better. I couldhardly realize how last I gained instienjrth. My head feels clearer andthe aches have left lny shoulders.Taniac is certainly a fine tonic."Taniac is purely a egetablc tonic,made of loots, barks and herbs, andis especially designed to build up rundown people. It produces a good appetite and promotes healthy, refreshing sleep, if you are in need of atonic get Taniac today.Taniac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrisli. (adv.)CAN ALL YOU CAN.(Farm and Family.)In planting the garden this spring,put out a few extra rows of all theold stand-bys which can be cannedfor winter use. A few additional rowsmake very little extra work and thevegetables put away in airtight tinsor glasses on the pantry shelves willsave many dollars next winter. Thesehome-put-up vegetables will do morethan save money, because they arebetter in flavor than any which canbe bought on the market.Canning can be continued fromearly summer through until frost ripens the big yellow pumpkins in thecorn field. Everything goes into cansto-day because everything comes outof cans with the flavor of summerstill intact. Even greens and sauerkraut are canned. Of course, tills ismerely a suggestion to the housekeeper and the farmer, but they shouldremember that prices, for cannedgoods next winter are sure tobe high and probably very high. Soevery farmer's wife should have forher slogan, "Can all you can."BEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.J. B. Roberts. East St. Louis, 111. "Itkept his cough loose and relieve himnf thnsfi dreadful coughing snells. Itis the only cough medicine I keep Inthe house because I have tne mostconfidence in itA This remedy ialso good for colds and croup.(may-auv)Our friends, the advertisers, are taking up a great deal of space in THENEWS these days. They know thatan ad in this paper always brings results. Gardeners are being- annoyed bystray dogs running over their gardens.The crop of worthless canines in Pari3is a very large one, and a good weed-Ing-outwould not be amiss.SERVICEVS.COSTWhen you buy something tokeep, its value to you must bemeasured in terms of servicenot cost. A AIt may be cheap at $100.00, orexpensive at$10.00.You buy not the article itself,but what it will do for you.Our glasses, by relieving eyestrain perform an importantservice to the wearer, and areworth many times our reasonable charge,Careful eye examination witnout the use of- drops.We Fit WhereOthers FallAny lens quickly duplidated-v jjy..- "vA F3ANKUNDOT8ftf0f OrTOMKI HVt m 1 1 1 1 1 n i n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii i 1 1 minimi 1 1 1 1 i u !iSPECIAU!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies9 Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$515Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRYSpecial AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS, - 'DRESS GOODS, SILKS,f LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.twin Bros. Department storeSevemb and main $t$.SPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains In .MEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows:$10.00, $12.50, $15.00 rYou'll save from $2.50 to $5.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the ShirtsWe Are Selling For95 CentsThey are $1.50 Values.TWINClothini- and Shoe Dept.WflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketHome Killed BeefLamb, Pork, VealSPECIALS THIS WEEKLemonsper dozen 1 5cGrape JFruiteach. .' 5cOrangesper dozen - 1 5cpnionsper. pouncT. ....... w?; - iflcGreen Beans . ' - ,pei Declci. . 4Jt,9SXCs ct.fcif ?.:f .9C:r&4LIN VILLE'Paris, KentuckyBROSL. Wollstein, PrepTry a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrisps" e-FgrTeur Little CkFckeisIt is Just the Thing.c For Sale by4 .70ii I l"'"'tW.C.D0DS0Njb-?m. v. aw w.JSSrJ&hBLoJI!aitAWr-jg Cjpuday, mat n, M7.HE BOURBOlt NEWS, PARIS, KT.AGM&rmiJLMsiPWcasJgljr SBBnJJBBfiBBBswsS SB ECONOMyj&lf RESILIENCESBsHBaLs nss ss5Fair TreatmentFord Car firesdeInSl IK lOuxeRICHSIZ(3fX3Y4 INCHES)&BAFETYTREADTIRESCORE another triumph for.Goodrich skill and experiencein rubber making those newSUPERSIZE TIRES for Fordcars the instantly famous" THREE-SEVENTY-FIVE."These are de .luxe tires, expressly .designed and built to meet the specialneed$ of Ford cars, but Ford Car Tiresof HEROIC SIZE made only in thefive-finger Safety Tread.Bigger with extra rubber and extraservice, their greater resilience givesyour car a greater comfort and efficiency that offset a higher first cost.And they outlive ordinary tires,Equip your car with them, and addvalue to its look, lenghten Us LIFE, anddouble your enjoyment ofit.Three-Seventy-Fives" on Goodrich'spatented ARTILLERY wheels, with rimand felly combined, makea j-?e juuxe rora Uar.HOW SUBSaRINORERATES "lWW MCU A. ii -. m . . J r.r , ,E , , AUKING' STEAMERS,!"Civilization." Thomas TT. Tnnei' mil.lion dollar film spectacle.which oojmefe ,iu me raris Grand and Alamo The.-."tlA snnn la .. i .. .. --- -w, 10 loiuarjsaDie Tor tne raceinat it presents on the screen the first(filmed record of how a submarine operates when attacking a big steamer.It Was through fhA inaHratiVm nfMr. J. Parker Read, Jr., Mr. Thos. H.lutOB Personal representative, thatthe United States Government agreedto co-operate in the taking of this portion of the "Civilization" film. It iscustomary for the Navy in its practiceoff Point Loma, Sau Diego, to use fora target an old discarded steamer orfreight vessel. Mr. Read agreed to furnish the battleship seen in "Civilization," for this purpose, and on behalfof Mr. Ince to pay for the expensivetorjpedoes and shells used in the fravTha government agreed to furnishtWO battleshioa. twn fnmorir hnotdestroyer, one cruiser, .and two submarines, the latter beine: of the H"boat class.The battle as fought for the movie3actually lasted 27 minutes Therewere 600 shots fired by United Statesjack tars and soldiers. Of the 600 realshots fired' by the United States Navymen each one carefully timed andplaced ninety-two per cent wereeffective, which is a record Uncle Sammay well be proud of.The sinking of three enemy shipstakes place in full view of audience,and one boat is blown 500 feet in theair, while all about the sea is torturedinto a thousand seething spouts by thebursting shells.--- - : mijgan2EjndHBBn8BBJBBBBBBBBBBBKENTUCKY MASONS TOHAVE BIG CELEBRATION.TOcrc rati Sco Tib SirnGoe&fchTlre are StockedCOMFORTEFFICIENCYLIFEOrder through yourdealer.The B. F. Goodrich GoAkron, OhioAjIhTuovt Dealer for Thaa'Best in the Lotiq Rtzn"95&&pmussOUTLOOK FOR BUSINESSIS HIGHLY FLATTERING.One of Chicago's leading merchantsis quoted by the Daily Trade Bulletinas saying: "Prompt adoption by theAmerican people of the business asusual Idea is going to enable this nation to prosecute the war without exditions are such that the public willsoon see that there is no occasion forIhem to become alarmed. They willhave imore money to spend than everi before.We are the storehouse and the factory for the world now and the moremoney the world can get hold of themore will be spent here. I considerLeading members of the Masonicbodies of Paris have receivel information of the big celebration which willbe held at Crab Orchard Springs onSaturday, June 23.On that date the Masons of thewhole State will celebrate the twohundredth anniversary of the organization of their order with a big barbecue and grand musical rally at theSprings.At the session of the Grand Lodgeof Kentucky last fall a committee wasappointed to make arrangements andhave charge of the festivities. Theyare making preparations for entertaining and dining at least five thousandpeople. Music tor the occasion will befurnished by the Shriners'Bany of Covington, a military band, and the Boys'and Girls' Band of the Masonic Homeat Louisville.In addition to Gov. Stanley, whowill be the principal speaker, severalother .noted speakers have been engaged for the occasion to address thegathering. Reduced rates on all railroads will be granted. Not onlyMasons and their families are invited",but anyone desiring to attend is extended a cordial invitation. One hundred children from the Louisvillejhamo cf the fraternity will be ipre3-HVfWJffl c PERFECT QUM telpgffSpEfSIWMBSiMtgSiSltEBSSv- v"sHf Dll IICHEWINGGUfr M er vi; ikiri mi mC& K&Arsfrl-j. ?t?7T'WRAPPEDINmm733Chew H after every mealperiencing a temporary "depression, I Uie Present the most auspicious fromof national prosperitysuch as England and France have recently recovered from. Modern war requires the expenditure of big sums ofmoney and means maximum employment and high wages for all workers.'"Other condtions peculiar to thiswar makes it certain that this nationwill enjoy a period of business and industrial activity, the like of which hasnever been seen and which is assuredi the standpointin my memory.FOR THE BENEFIT OFTHE PUBLIC SERVICE.Carelessness in directing letters andspecial address may not be knownshould be marked in the left hand corner by the word. "Transient."Fourth Place the postage stamp inthe right hand corner of the envelope.and leave space between the stampand the direction for the postmark.I TXTn am t rx t mm n stn Vjn Xn a a wsnnnVncoo i onp nf thft immnnP.st : "" "e uuuacsu iraiia me ic-causes for the failure of mail to reach numbered in accordance with the senPostofllce Department at Washingtonnee uuiivery oi ieuers Dy carriers en t.may be obtained by observance of thefollowing rules:First Address letters plainly to the VERY GOOD WAY TOstreet and number of the house. SHOW PATRIOTISM.Second Head letters with the writ-er's full name and address and request ! 0ne sPlendid wav in which to showanswers to be addressed accordingly. jyour Patriotism is to enlist in theThird Letters to strangers or trans- j Tm? of dirt gatherers and make warient visitors in the citv or town whose I cn the dirt and flies- Hot weather isuuw nere, uiiu uie iuuuitii auu lugflies, filth carriers, must go.It is very important that everyhousekeeper and every merchantshould take part in tills work. Getthe trash from the yards and cellars,and swat the flies,, too. Use plentyof lime and other disinfectants. Remember what was once -said to a fel-whether the war lasts several months its intended destination. For this 51Die system iz is me mienuon oi meor several years. There is some rea-j reason Postmaster J. Walter Payne department to greatly improve the carwa to believe that economy rules has asked THE NEWS to publish the rIer system of Paris, to the end thatwill be misapplied for a while, but con-, following, which is sanctioned by the the DePle win be 6lven better service.I and that a letter addressed to streetr m i an(j numtjer wjh De sure t0 reach itsdestination.rEfficiencyIn BankingWe take pride in the wayour bank is run. Our depositors include the biggest men intown.Each individual account itgiven special attention.We are opening new accounts daily. Come in and talkover your banking with us. Ourofficers will be glad to meetyou.It is the man with cash inbank whose voice is heard.Checking and savings accounts.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDlow about his untidy apearance, "Tobe decent even if you are not respectable.'1OLD MAN GRUMP, OFPARIS, SAYS, SAYS HE!OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany -and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service- rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, JDl8trict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS ILLocal Manager.UM1TH.Cashier.Unusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain -onthe muscles, they "become sore andstiff, you are crippled and in pain.Sloan'sN Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and drives out the soreness. A clear liquid, cleaner thanmussy plasters or ointments, it doesnot stain the skin or clog the pores.Always have a bottle handy for thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout,lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness,backache and all external pain. Atyour druggist, 25c.(may-adv)Night prowlers are becoming quitenumerous in Paris. The most effectivecure is the contents of a shot gunshell, placed where it will do the mostgood.SPECIAL TAX ONTELEPHONE MESSAGESLocal telephone" companies are preparing to observe the provisions ofthe law recently passed by Congress,taxing telephone service and long distance messages.The act which will prpbably go intoeffect in June, provides a tax of fiveper cent on subscriber's rentals, andfve cents on all long distance messages of fifteen cents or over. Both ofthese are to be collected from the subscriber by the telephone companies,and are to be charged in addition to theregular rentals and toll charges.The tax on toll messages is similartc that in effect in 1915 and 1916. Atthat time the telephone companieswere required to collect a tax of onecent on all long distance messagesof fifteen cents and over. The tele-nhone comDantes will issue a state.P KJSER, President W. W. MITCHELL-, Cashier. ment to the publio soon, exnlainineWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper. jthe provisions of the act and othrnecessary information for their benefit 'and guidance.Farmers' & Traders' BankiSxthjmd Main litrccU ParitvKy "v"vH?i-" bMUlfcfcJroRCRP.troeMv.tci.9s itammCliUCtS tt-9 M AI3M IS M; JKUSDirectionsiWu ijlrf ftaw CfWMT rr asjte4PrJec50ClS, (0barefor3.3OJThe tablet form of this oldreliable remedy makes it possible for you to check any illnessat the very onset It is a safeguard against coughs, colds andI other catarrhal conditions, nomatter what symptoms aremanifest Catarrh is an inflammation of the mucous Tnembrane thatlinos, the breathing apparatus andthe diiestive apparatus. PERUNArelieves catarrh. In tablet forrri it isever-ready-to-TakeIts prompt action makes it invaluable for men and women exposed to sudden changes in theweather or compelled to' be out in'slush and rain.It will also be found most satisfactory as a tonic followingjarl attack of illness.CARRY A BOXwherever yoo go. Travelers and others compelled to take long drives in the cold andanyone whose occupation subjects him tothe danger of sudden coWs may tw it as apreventive with tbe assurance that thetablets made are from the sane formularyaa the liquid aedkiac wHli ks 44 years ofsuccess before the Americaa Paooc.TUPOtisBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetr , 1 jSatisfaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit your,patronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Bourbon BuildingT &.oan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN-REAR OF BANK.Entrance, en Ftnirth ttft;- ; -r J -ustaGentk Rub'ettSsfx - - lt jz. -rKsri-r? '-r-ir . a- - zr. zvz-jg ?ssiK-n. j&z. w - j,apt k j jegtr-?'. tc- ?&jz --?f'& ' Tisgf&t-frvsEKk- .-'&&1(l" Ii...- ?-sifv-X.j.-.?-mftlSF' -.. fTflMHHBSE?mizarrz&tjp&PAGE BIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, fARIS, KY.FRIHA' MAY f Bi7:ft'"-I1)i Is'li:.!'r;(I!(wi ,1uM-.nMhiHia;Mil !"'U:yII111it i-fr.MILLERSBUR6' pils, faculty, arid- patrong than in anyWevious "tear. The folio wiag is afcontinued list of cuests on Commence-'mentday: Mr. and Mrs. R. M. 'Smith r-$,ana. Mrs. a. u. norton, or .LAgrange,Mrs. T. A. Hyneirson, or jsiusYUie,DEATHS.KILPATRICK.Mrs. Clara Shanks, Messrs. J. G. Mrs- A- w- Plummer, Miss Stivers, ofir eruri. t T. T5vur0ii - -.ii Paris. Miss Dee Mason, of Mt. Ster-j-Ur j TV ' Rniiiifon nf mrvrvHIp ling, Mr. and Mrs. Gilby Meha- Mrs. Georgia Seeley Kflpatrick,ii the guest of his niece Mrs. A. S. San o Chicago, Mr. Halbert Vandjt-'aged forty-six, died Wednesday after-jt. ' ' 'jver, Mrs. Hewitt Vandiver, Mis3 noon at five o'clock at her home atMi&S' Luna Hinton, of Flemings-' Zelma, of Harrodsbrg, Mr. Louis Mil- 283 East High Street, in Lexington,teir. is the mieat of her coiinin. Miss'ier, Ml. vernon, iur. joe uooge, ot arter a long mness.- . -r ? i I TIkaelia Hurst.Rev. and Mrs. August Cox and little son, of Tilton, are guests of theirparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Patter-Mrs. T. K. 6mith and little daughter, Evelyn Louise, of Paris, areJipeets of her mother, Mrs. MinnieJKrsLMrs. O. H. Collier attended theMeeting of the Union Baptist Sunday8ehool Association at Ewing yestertey. Mr. William Stone has gone toFwmkfort, where he has accepted asition witltHhe Frankfort Homo Telephone Company.S. A. Mulligan and daughter, MissrLexington, and Mr. Joe Harrison, ofCarlisle.RELIGIOUS.Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, left Tuesdaynight for Richmond, Va., where he willconduct a ten-days revival meetingin the Gintor Baptist church. He willreturn to Paris in time to fill his pulpit the first Sunday in Jun.eMrs. Kilpatrick was a native of Carlisle, and was the wife of Mr. FrankL. Kilpatrick, for many years baggaga agent at Carlisle for the Louisville & Nashville, and in later years.vMATRIMONIAL.CLARKE MAUPIN.A marriage, license was issuedWednesday by County Clerk PearcePaton to Mr. Joseph Maupin and MissGertrude Clarke, both of Bourboncounty.Down GoesiMOORE DALZELL.A marriage license was "issued Saturday late from the office of CountyTRACY CLEVELAND.SLOOP BUCKLER.Sundav will be Childrens' Day ati - - ' a x. I !HinH Ym.- T?l lrriVrtHi Too nn 1Trfme fans unnsuan cnurcn. An inter- si&usia, mi a. uciu "ajo "" i'v- tvToiiio. air, v.tu-&X. T a...'o. . -r:t., rt ... Lr-fJnn. nmrrKnm Vioo lnnn ni-onamd fnrirnrri'p ATnnrP nil mint. MrS. AtrilfiR .. . 'jmeuj Lsjuiac, ul iua.uei.ui, wiuu, eie canu& jiufaiam nao un. in.yu.i.j. w v.w.. ..Vw.-, .-,... a- jjotll COUWieS Wereparlors at 6:30 o'clock. The subjectwill be "Financing the Kingdom."Mr. James Daugherty will be theleader. The regular monthly meetingof the C. W. B. M. will be held nextFriday afternoon in the church parlors at 2:30 o'clock.LIBERTY LOAN MEETINGSUCCESS AT LEXINGTONThere was a large attendance at theLiberty Loan meeting and luncheongiven at Lexington, Wednesday, to theeditors, bankers and business men ythe Lexington Board of Trade.preat enthusiasm was manifestedin the movement and it was confidently asserted that Central Kentucky'sshare of the allotment of the Libertyaests Wednesday and yesterday ofRev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd.Carl Miller, colored, was tried before Judge Wadell, Wednesday, on acaarge of "bootlegging" and fined $100 Jaad fifty days in jail. Miller will appeal the case to the higher Court.The student body of the Millershurg Graded School gave a very pretty little operetta Wednesday afternoon in the Auditorium of the Millersburg College. The pupils did exceedingly well. There was a large crowdin attendance.There will be a meeting of thePatriotic Society at 2:30 o'clock thisafternoon in the Y. W. C. A. rooms inthe Millersburg College. All the members are urgently requested to attend,for good and sufficient business reasons. The citizens living along the lineof march are earnestly reauested to Loan would soon be iaised. Bourbonhave their homes decorated with the county will be allotted 300,000. Mr.American flag on next Monday. On Euckner Woodford, of the Bourbon-Ag-thisday the competitive drill and flag ricultural Bank & Trust Company wasraisins will take place at the M. M. I. appointed Chairman of the BourbonThe city will be full of visitors, J County Committee,many from a considerable distance, j Those who attended from Paris andand it would be the proper tiling Jbr- the county were Buckner Woodford,our citizens to welcome them with . James McClure, Wallace W. Mitchell,the spirit of patriotism befitting the'C. K. Thomas, Paris; Sanford Allen,day. and occasion. Decorate, and do it Millersburg; Bennet B. Bean andveil1 (Louis R. Rogers, North MiddletownThe commencement exercises of;M. C. were continued Monday at8:00 p. m., with the annual concertin the Auditorium. The young ladies.were greeieu wan a large auuieucc A nmAf.-ni riamn.,cirnt;nn in lmmpihe piano pupils reflected great uursing will be conducted in the Y. M.credit upon their principal, Miss Q this afternoont beginning atSmith, m accuracy and expression. three 0.clockf under the auspices ofTheir interpretations of the great th Bourbon County Chapter oi themasters were indeed good. Never in AmerIcan Red Cross Society,the history of the institution were as M Harriet Minaker, Visitingmany numbers rendered with more N of the Bourbon County Healthleeling and better expression than at d Welfare League, , Dr. Lydia Poagethis concert The three choral num- aml Mss Katherine Kelley will confers were good, but in no way com- luct the cli-ic which will comprisepared with the piano numbers. demonstrations in scientific bed mak-Tiiesday about 10:10 a. m. the bathin&? rubbing and lifting ofhiduuaMUK uaea jl 1011. v.uuaioiiiibengaged in the tobacco business in 'Clerk Pearce Paton to Mr. M. R.Lexington as buyerfor the American Dalzell, and Miss Sallie Moore, bothTobacco uo. sue was a niece or Mr. of Nicholas county.Robert Robinson, formerly of Pans,and a cousin of Mrs. George M. Hill,of Paris.Mrs. Kilpatrick is survived by herUU3UUUU, 1U1. S. U. IVUVOUWft., UV Afgrrlnra llnanant. n-ora toonn,! vAadaughters, Mrs W. E !. Kirby of :RicU-terd morning b County Clerkmond, Va., and Miss Evelyn Kilpat- pearce paton M w Jlevelandrick, of Lexington; one son, George . ATw A0 mTO. n, f Timcr..Seeley Kilpatrick, of Lexington; two . d' Harland Buckler and Missof tliis county.married in theFLOUR!the occasion. The Endeavor Society Sayre, a niece, Mrs. Mark Hatton, all .,. Un- .i,,, k ta txtnf M.a Enroll -nrjn moot in fh rhurpii'nf Lftxinebon: two other nieces. Mrs. ,,,, .. , ., , ., ,'.,.'v... vv. v.v.,.. "" -. " ,7 "It AH Y f tji,, t &' iritis, pastor oi me i'aris unnsuannorinra of r . in n'nnnh- Tiio aiihippf .Tnhti Sp.hntTiman. of Richmond. Ind.. , , xand Mrs. M. F. Williams, of Maysville.The funeral will take place at theducted by Rev. E. G. Cameron, assisted by Rev. E. T. Edmonds. The burial will follow on the family lot inthe Lexington Cemetery.hurch.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsBIRTHS.At Narrows, Ky., on May 16, toto the wife of Prof. O. L. Schultz, adaughter, Rachel Gladys. Prof.Schultz was formerly a member of theParis High School faculty.DATES OF STAKE RACESAT LATONIA ANNOUNCEDOWINGSVILLE MAN BURNEDTO DEATH IN FIREPLACE'Williaflii Becraft, aged sixty, a wellknown Owingsville man, who hadDates for running the stake eventsat the coming meeting of the Latouia Jockey Club have been announcedby General Manager John Hach-inloti ATlrii afolroo tr?11 ! tmti 1iithelnJ" .P.?r,Jle,.rF,"La,l5:0n"!.S: ins the coming meeting and dates forWUJ5 UUIIIUU IU UCOUI ai UIO UUU1C UUUl .. ,,:,, rS. nffvlif Tinvn Vtnnn opliic i mining, n uitjiiu uaic ucuu ao-signcd. This means that there will bestake events every weunesuay anaOwingsville, Tuesday. Mr. Becrafthad been standing in front of the fire-Here is your opportunity -to save money. Read every word.then act quick !One Car Load Of flourThe well known "Helmet Brand." The Louisville Milling Co.'sbest product, has arrived, and will be sold while on track, at thefollowing Cut Rate Prices:12 pound sack at $ .9524 pound sack at $1.8848 pound sack at $3.75As many barrels as you want but 15 cents extra in woodEvery sack Guaranteed.Phones: Home 202, Cumberland 536Be Quick About it as This Snap will not Last LongRemember, however, that these prices areFor Spot Cash Onlyplace, and had Just turned around to d - e udTuon toLe?r "."SSU, h?,n nei S .? o opening day, .Tune 11, when thewith a dizziness, and fell Into the..... J-.. Tin - r iirtntiln 4-i-v ftvf!nnfnf. e , V J Tj f" .ifi, i,i This i event, while it does not carry ashimself, and was burned to death be- . .. ', ... .. Trfi.Inaugural Handica.p will be decided.DEMONSTRATIONNURSINGIN HOMEBY RED CROSSThe meeting will be open toall.A new Chapter of the Red Crosswill be organized at Clintonville, prob-oKiv tv?c woolr TliA hrnnnlips ntary department, three in voice and one Mil-lersburgf Ncrth Middletown andin expression. After a short prelum- Leesburtr. are actively waging a house-jjiauuonub v-'ttoo vjl j.At, uuaioiiut, natientsof eleven girls, filed down the aisle ',,of the crowded auditorium and tooktheir respective places on the ros-There were nine in the liter-trum.Leesburg, are actively wagingto-house campaign for membership.BE CAREFUL ABOUTAPPROACHINGBRIDGESinnary program President C. C. Fisherintroduced Rev. W. B. Ellis, pastor ofthe Christian church of Paris, who delivered one of the beet baccalaureateaddresses ever listened to in the college. He took kp his tliemo. 'Womanhood, Her Opportunities and Possibil-ladies what was w"re theni "nd that property in Paris and other parts oflames vnat was i,i re uiem, ana tnar C(afo ,,. .! nfi Heirt in-they were tho creatures or great opportunity. His address was thrillingThe guards who are on duty at thprailroad bridges and other railroadfore help could reach him.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas,Woodford &Bryanmuch added money as the KentuckyHandicap to be run at .Douglas Park,June 2, attracts practically the sameGeld as-'goes to the post in that bigevent. The Latonia Derby, as usual,will be run on the first Saturday otthe meeting, which is June 16. On thisday and each succeeding Saturdayrailroads throughout Kentucky willrun trains to Latonia at reduced rates.The management already has received inquiries concerning boxes and re1I (IP- S- Extra Fine Sweet Potatoe Plants, pulled out of ourown beds as you call for them.SUMMER SCHOOL OF THE and that owing to the fact that maiivUNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY, of the present teachers will undoubr,edly be conscripted for service in th-Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, ot this 'f!11 dfma,!4city, is in receipt of a letter from for new teachers t0 take their p!ats.Prof. J. C. Noe, Director of th'e Sum-' Prof. Noe stated that the report remer School of the University of Ken- garding the abolishment of the Sumtucky denying the report that has mer School grew out of the action ofPERCY HALEY TO TAKE led inquiries concerning boxes and re- gained circulation to the effect that the Executive Committee en Wedne.-BEN MARSHALL'S JOB? served seats for Derby Day, and with the Summer School hadi been abolish- day of last week. As soon as the atfair weather prevailing a record break- ed, and stating that the sessions tention of the Executive Committeeing crowd will be on hand. It is a would begin on June 11 and continue was called to the situation they sawlittle too early to speculate on the for six weeks. their error at once, and promptly reAuthentic advices from WashingtonInst niirht were to the Bffect that General Percy 'Hales of Frankfort, fori Derby field, but from present indica-Prof. Noe added that from present scinded their action, so that the Sumyears chief lieutenant of United States 'tions ten to twelve- starters will be indications there would be a very mer School will, as stated before, be&nd electrified all who heard it. Heheld his audience in rapt attention.iad when he had concluded there wasan expression of regret that it wascot longer. Pres. C. C. Fisher thenawarded the diplomas in a brief andneat address. The honor roll wasthen read and at 11:40 the M. C. adjourned to reopen next Saturday.T'Viio lioo lioon o eiinrocefi1 vonr inthe history of the institution, and native t!1.eu to ohe 0T(ethere has been less friction and misimderstanding upon the part of pu-the State have nositive and rlgia instructions to fire on any person whodoes not halt promptely when arderedto do so. There is danger, therefore, jof people who are not aware of a jbridge being under guard, or who are ,unaware of the strict regulation, forfeiting their lives,Several death from this cause hav-been reported recently, and it is hopedthe warning will be hceW hereThe men on .guard naVe no other alter-So, whenar.Droaching a railroad bridge, lookcut for lite sentineloldier on guard!They -are there for business strictly!Senator Beckham, will be the nextcollector of Internal Revenue in this,the Seventh Kentucky -District, tosucceed Ben Marshall, incumbent,whose term expired on May 12. Theappointment of General Haley will bemade by Sect. McAdoo as soon as hereturns to the capital from his Western trip and is expected in tne nextfew days.Upon the highest authority, it waslearned last night that President Wilson has given the friends of GeneralHaley in Washington to understandthat he will not in any way interferewith the appointment, which will beleft entirely with the Secretary of theTreasury, who, it is stated, has assured Senator Beckham that Mr. Haley'sname will be sent to the Seuate forconfirmation.DANVILLE ALSO PROTESTSAGAINST "RO'AD LICE."i.i.i i.i.i.i ' ttiP -WfKrfwfmMM v'" i::::?::lI MX WSmWMOthers Like It" You WillLet the big paintbuyers help you decide. Hundreds ofbig manufacturersuseSuerwin- WilliamsPAINTS & VARNISHESbecause they know thequality has been provedthat? these productsmeet every condition;The "Cover the Earth"label stands for quality,durability and coveringpower. It is your protection in buying paint."Danville, like Paris and other Central Kentucky towns, is waging a presscampaign for the suppression of unnecessary noises, especially the peskymotorcycle, chief of all noise-makers.The Danville Messenger in a recentissue, says:"The Bourbon News wants someoneto invent a Maud submarine' to torpedo the pesky motorcycles that disturbthe slumber of Paris on Sunday mornings. The morning racket is bad, ofcourse, but what we want to see isan invention that will send to the bottom (or in that direction) the machineturned loose on a suffering public onSunday afternoon. Many men whohave to work all week get their onlyextra rest on Sunday afternoon, andto be disturbed by some gimlet-headedrider of a motorcycle is enough toput murder into the heart of any man.The machines are not a necessity, butare used for joy-riding and generalSabbath-beaking. Any necessary noisenever disturbs a man who works, butwhen some damphool begins uselessndise it grinds upon "the nerves, interferes with his work and is a generalnuisance. A law has to some extentstopped the automobile nuisance, butthe motorcycle idiot seems to havecome to stay."on the track for the ?15,000 stake. large attendance at the Summer school gin on June 11.Hi A Jtilllj mim9999OsroVfc5Get Your Sum-mer Slices Now9Our enormous stoclcs OLir closecontact Vitli trie world's greatestfashion snoe centers our wonderfulsystem of merchandising mustassure vou of tlie verv latest inHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'srOOTWEAR!We are very proud of the Tact that now, when one shouldmake every dollar so the furthest, the people appreciatemore than ever the money-saving possibilities offered here.JOIN THE CROWDSii999:8 To the Big Bargain Shoe Store this week compare quality 58 and prices and you will be surprised at the big savings here- SLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka-tinka PumpsLadies'White Kid or Rich BrownRuss. Tan BootsLadies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and PumpsLadies' Canvas Strap PumpsVatTO OUR CONTRIBUTORSTHE NEWS would ask, as a specialfavor that friends, who have contributions for its columns, please havethem in this office before the day ofpublication. Everybody who worKs inthe office, from the "devil" to theeditor-in-chief, becomes peeved, andjustly so, when as the forms are aboutready to go to press, some one comesin with a long communication whichcouKl just as well have been broughtin earlier, in the day.Not only contributors to our newscolumns are offenders in this respect,but even our advertisers are .guilty,as s:(me of them will delay bringingin their copy until almost too late tosecure a good display.The man or woman who wants oair his or her views -on any questionthrough the press ought to show a little more ' consideration for the menwho have to handle jlIhT copy and putitrin type, and get Jl their ccpy inWhere Beauty and Economy ReignIK - - Not only contributors to our news 9I -'" ''columns are offenders in this respect, Z K H BH k k AHEl ' but even our advertisers are guilty, B B HAI H AHU ' - r-.- as srpe of them will delay bringing t MWA MfM m II VI I" H1 - ' in their copy until almost too late to Z II U II II II"I secure a good display. -. v H w 9 ' 9W iB Vrm f ' tie more 'consideration for the men x rtti ia uitaivoi ,uuv .n , v ' -- A. k I UI ". " who have to handle jLhtf copy and put . g .I -1 &' fm mm "VVllllIll I early iiuthe day. -- ,. t- JMMMiMiMWMMHMTT I$3.494.952.491.493.49Ladies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumpswhich add grace to your foot. . .Ladies' .Pat. Dull Kid co QQ -QBoots and Pumps at. . i-5J5J-rLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal "Shoes ,-and Slippers at. 5J$JMen's Russian Tan English-Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0...S4.50 Up' Men's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium -Toe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . ?4B00Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoes -.-.and Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, Button and 0and Lace, good quality 2.9JJMen's Tan Lace Oxfords . -at 2.49'Men's Gun Metal High Shoes and ,-Oxfords - 1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHERE999999999999999999t9:9t99' -. -'- -, - V5&.". 5 TS