-iMS-uR JA L- .V; 7 ATI V& JulTHE BOURBOfT NEWSPUBLISHED EVlfRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.fa. "K2tfTOEUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.NrGermany Wants To, "Prevent War."Expresses Desire To Open A DiscussionThe United States., THE TOBACCO MARKET.II Oil account of th nvtreme coldI weather making it almost impossibleDISTINGUISHED METHODIST DIVINE DIES IN CALIFORNIA.A telegram received in this cityMCdUJUl liiail411& 1L UllUUSi. 1U1.:JU3S1U1U v.w0.. i.u i" "" wto haul tobacco t.n fci markfit. thfir i Saturday (morning announced the deathuas little doing at the tobacco ware-!of Rev- J- - A. Vaught, formerly ofhouses in-thic nlfv flirt fiict nnrf rP i -tarithe Wfink. On Thursrlnv n.nrl FVirlfl.v.. : J v. ' l i. . -rhowever, good sales were reported a. ". "o ui parasis.Paris, which occurred in Los AngelesCalifornia, Friday morning, followingPresident Wilson Is Not Expected, However, to Modify theStand He Has Taken.and the good prices of the season'were .maintained. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse disposed of a toiplof 72,905 pounds for an average ofingHad litlived until the following day heould have attained his sixty-eigjhtliear.Dr. Vaught had been ill for severalWASHINGTON, Feb. 12. Germanyhas taken steps to open a discussionwith the United States of means ofpreventing war between them.ic i inn rnum j e. n iyi m rt y omto: "- m,"j uuimo hji an. uiwubi- i - - -- ww. ,..i "WE ARE STARVING." about $18.27 and the Independent '"""""a. "1U a y1 "S" resigned uieI House sold a total of 32,755 pounds Pastorate of the Carlisle MethodicI A family residing near Paris, who for an average of about ?19.16, tht-f"urch on account of his failingdo not desire to have their names sale at all the "houses for the weeU,health. Some time ago he suffered apublished for obvious reasons, received making a grand total of 105,650 stroke of paralysis, and the seconda lfittp.r from flnrmnnv Sntiirilnv. DOUI1US. WH1CU DroilKIlt an aveniKU ol . "- - ...w faU iouwhich in some manner, had escaned about 18.62.the sharn scrutinv of the official cen- The Bourbon Tobacco Warehooseventing war between them. sor telling u briefly the raanv has sold to date 4,401,120 pounds olIn seeking an exchange Ot views on hnr(ish:ns which the neonle of that, tobacco for SS19,666A4, and average otfatal.the subiect. however, it is not nuderstood that the Berlin government hasproposed modifications of its ruthlessFor a number of vears Dr. Vaucrlwas nresidinc: Elder of the Covin et.mihardships which the neonle of that tobacco for SS19,666A4, and average ot and Lrankfort Districts of the Ken-war-torn country have been and are $18.62. Notwithstanding the decline tucicy uomerence ot tne Methodiststill suffering through the lack of an m tne market, tne seasons average,-" "-" - ""a vuc ui me uw-i-.c . k ,.rtis.nri rtn.wiiiicr a vn . I kilo wn members of the Conference.Fiance- ly where it did at the close of the and counted his friends by tihe scoref vt an uie iuhiio wiitjic lie iiau neiucovered four pages of paper and had pastorates tie naa oeen actively on-evidently passed the diands of the cen- BOURBON WAREHOUSES FRIDAY, eagedm the ministry for a period ofsor. as several paragraphs had been FEBRUARY 9. forty-five years. In that tune he hadcut out of it entirely, and in several The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse leia paMoraiea a . ueorprown. raris,.., -i .. .i..-iA-., .jti. rr,r,o,r Dni of ti,A HAni-hrm Hmisp Carlisle. Winchester. Mavsville. Mil-r rv ,. ,V ., places il nau ueeii muuiateu wiui u uiujjouji ouiu u.u Mn- 4 v.w . ... . -manys part to discuss especially the knif that there is no doubt that i7f2i5 pounds of tobacco at an avei-(lersburg, and oUier jpomts.cnfojniarrliTiP' rf Amprionn shine nnt ... . - . . r a-dte rni. t.: Unn.-n onlrt Kesides IHS Wife he IS Rlirviven 11Vo, 0 v .. . 4 tne neavy nanu ot uerman censorspip aga ul j.o.j.u. iuc rauo llvu ,. -- --- --;-.. 'Atmencan lives on the seas, and back , d b laid on its paKes 23,415 pounds of tobacco at an aver-'five daughters, Mrs. William Collins,r? hv n renewerl evnressinn nf the . ,. ..... .,,. A,. .. -iooo rm, ,.nin .oc nol. Ha .'of Danville: Mrs. Dorsev Rav Miss, . , ;, r --- Ajmong otner linings wmen uie cen- cib p-lo.o.. ac omc do iwu.a . - ' . --. Vt ,i Stdesire of the German government to SQr had permitted to pass was a para- ter than the average indicates, as Sarah aught, Miss Mattie Millerprevent the diplomatic breach from h which told of some condition there were on sale a number ot low Vaught and Miss Elizabeth Vaught.leninp' in ntunl hnstilitip?; ... . li ,i . ,i.:nk .nirnri 4no otmr'nrj'of IjOS Aii&eles. and one son. Air.existing in uermany. iinoiaer ol giuue uuya nmuu icuuu u.16 uu& -- -- ----. - - ---- ir :these was to the effect that the writer, materially. Seine growers said that Steve Vaught of Winchester. He iswhile looking through scne papers of their tobacco brought as much as their a brother of Dr. J. C. Vaught, ofWrnaier father, who was killed in action former sales., There were no rejec- Chester and Mr. E. P. Vaught awlrecently, found a rare and very valu- tions. Upon the whole the market in two sisters, who reside in Harrodsable old postage stamp. Knowing considered improved from the low spot burg, at the old homestead.x,.. ,... 'i:..t , a,o ,or o otiH ic otiii o irnnd one. Some croi ' The body has been placed in aU1UL llUl 1CIU.UVC 111 n.Kicui.a "" " "'.v. .j, ww... o .rera"es follow: vuuiu in j-us vnguies, uwuiluib Liie. ... .. . .,. . . T T.r. TJnir-nn nnnniv XI linill HHHlSinn til LI1K HllKIIlIlHrS 111 llltione, telling mat relative 10 oe sun- jjc ricncs, """ -""" -- - - - : ..and paste "in her stamp collector's pounds, average zu.4i; jiay ec uoou: la..,.!, .lo w u, u.aya.uu.book, as it might soma day prove 4.225 pouuds. average -$22.74; I. p jAery valuable. On close examination Thompson, 2,610 pounds, average $1 OPEN NIGHT AND DAY.4i,n"cmn .nC tvmrri tr hn.ve hppn 24: .ToAm Lair. 2.025 pounds, average. ,moisted on the outer edges on'y. ?19.9G; Thompson & Morgan, 3,37 For the best lunch to be had, eitherproposeu mouiiicauons ol its rutnies adequate food supply.sumnanne campaign, anu omciais nere Tb ipttr wns mniied ntfeel they can not enter upon such a b Germany, on December 14. It market one week ago.discussion while vessels continue to nnvprftf, fmir natrfiS of nanRr aTlfl h1libe destroyed m violation of internam ' x i sor, as several paragraphs had beenThe new move is understood to be cut out o it entlrely and in severalpreaicieu Ujpon a willingness on uei-safeguarding of American shipsleading to actual hostilities.WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. SecretaryLansing, speaking at a banquet of Amlierst alumni here, said that thoughthe United States undeniably was neaithe verge of war, "there is always thehope that our country may be spared collector of 0id stamps she sent this averages follow:the terrible calamity of being forced telling that relative to be sure Joe Frakes, Hiinto uie coiinicL.1 can only say this, that with thesatiic patience, the same forbearance,the same deliberation and care, withwhich he has met the previous difiicolties in our foreign affairs, the President will meet the present crisis."WE KNOW HWS i IProtectHEALTHMPORTANT THAN MONEYYour Health and YouWill Have Both.t.t -tiiki. rn orotinn wns mnf p illAn unportant ,Attpr tn lne existinc conditions in 49: Purdy & Toadvine, 3,840 pounds broiled steak." It melts in you.'-terS linS heen . j. it H. . ,... J171fi. Co.rtl Ar-nnlfl X1 l. mnntli Urn T.viMn nm-I-nlirno i-Tl tllf.uermiiny, unless tuey were luus ui.ii aveiast '-i ' ..... -i ynuuin. vi inw wiov.ito un .quainy oi our menu ana our service.rorniK- reneivinjr the letter are creatlv A'HERN & BURTONworried but realize the fact that it is INDEPENDENT FRIDAY,. FEB. 0. ,now impossible to learn any further, The Independent Tobacco warefacts from their relatives regarding house Company held a small sale attihe situation there at the present their warehouse on South Main streettime. (disposing ol iu,4u pounus un an aLONDON Feb. 12nnnfornrpp nt lipndnuirters hns beenuV".-'.-(' - - -, :onii!.nv utiip.ss tiihv wuik liiuscalled b Emperor William, presuma- . . . f t out hv the censor. Tne pounds, average $17.28Tiitr tn riicnnss lne simmnrinp niiesnnii. ... . . , . i.n. -says the Exchange Telegraph Company's Amsterda)n correspondent. DrVon Berbjnann Hcllweg, the ImperialChancellor and high army and navyofficials will attend, and it is reportedadds the correspondent, that the possibility of negotiations with neutralsfor modifying the terms o fthe recentGerman memorandum will be diocussed.(13-2t) Tenth and Pleasant Sts.WEATHEP. PREDICTIONS.The weather forecast for the weekNORTH MIDDLETOWN COMMERCIAL CLUBerage of . S20.30 .per lunarca Punu. , b hmi Sund February 11 is asA few of the crop averages were re llol?ows.ported as followstt x -r ,... 1,1 i)1?n nminr c rnfUOT. A.-- .. MOOC . Viitn-i$4Il.oz, an average ui ?io.ou yci uuu-The Ntt maain Commel if3,?i flub is getting a move on itself and h!0" . iifir nminds: MkrrfollowsFor Ohio Valley & Tennessee: Moderately cold beginning of week, followed by pronounced change to highertemperature Tuesday and with moderate temperature thereafter, unless8:DUOFOLDUNDERWEARthe kind that is not too heavy, but, is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wool on the outside, which does not scratch and irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WearDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.Hell & Biakemorehundred nesday will be generally fair.-v-TTPIRH. SWITZERLAND, via Paris-r-i-i -i-i rnu tunrinon Amiic. rMiiii la n-ettiniT a move on useii ana :r . ;. .i. -htUot. iaieS"UFUTV o-rt"riS l 5 "tho hereto "inTa hint to the organic ot 5lb per nunurea puuuu , m mow Tues(Jay Qr Wedv., ... . - !...,. .r.o Thn CC jrllVlll. BUlU -,ui F"uu " '-" ' i Qnrl,STiiss nounaary, ai oumuuu&eu, at t uuna m oviu .b t, v nn average of S24.50 pero'clock this afternoon. He was met ny CMub is oincerea as loiva. r Tioundsthe American Minister to Switzerland, John Christopherson, president; Lo- i,uu uPleasant A. Stovall, and represents- pan Bryan, vice-president; Frank OTTRpov TORACCO IIOUE, (CONtives of the SwiM army. A Swiss siedd, secretary and treasurer ToiZted-MOOTAY MB.12.military guard of honor also wasb The Club has L Inaugurated "goo-, IIDATED- MONDAExclusive Agency For the NettletonFine 'Shoe.waiting and a big delegation ot citizens neaa-anu-ao-ix. camp gu, Bmu:i"T' ' fomnanv sold Mondav 10,305 poundgreeted the former Aiuencan Amoassa- us scope many ymiib iui iuup - tobacco for SI 858.00, for an averdor to Germany. The trip from Berlin ment. The work laid out and lor f toba 03 per Qmndred The quulWas made without noteworthy tac- hich committees have been appoint- age of ?18.03 per inareo. jdent althougli some curiosity was ais ed. include tne coiupieuun - - receints due to continued coW, Ij i. i .t, oHioT-ori ainnr riPA ra-o- sppnrincr adenuate lire iignL reLcipu uuu tu """"cthe route through Germany. protection; reducing exhorbitant u.-surance rates; securing speakers andPEKIN, Feb. 12. The Chinese cab making final arrangements for themet has e'ndorsed the American action Farmers Institute which convenesagainst Germany on the submarine soon, and securing better mail ser.mnaiViv Tho. cabinet has assured vice. The Club has concluded a dealwmruo - ... - . -, , i rii ri,tU inn-itii tnp ransvivaiuii viice oiuu tvgive a concert in North Middletown ucnext Friday under tneir auspices.the American minister, ur. iaui o.Reinsch. that China associates itselffiriaily with the United States.The Chinese government has advised the German government thatChina will break off diplomatic relations if the new submarine measuresare pursued.PITTSBURG, Feb. 12 The machinewPtiHinr. Some croD averages tollowLair &, Buckner, 1.895 pounds, average S18.ll; Mrs. C. C. Collins, 2.S40pounds, average $17.66; Rash & Stewart, 5,570 pounds, average S18.00.The next sale will be held to-du,l Tuesday) morning. Sales will contin-daily throughout the week.EDITOR ROBB1NS ISSUED FOR DIVORCE.In the Clark Circuit Court, Satur-Hqv nffprnoon. iIrs. Mary Jene icod-I The following Bourbon county growlers disposed of their crops on theLexington market last week: Offuttl& Owens. 3,345 pounds at S22.42:Dodge Bros. & Gaines, 7,055 poundsat $21.73; Weathers Bros., 5,195pounds at $19.56.niioDunu, .vU. -. A . l 1 ay atiernoon, iur&. iicii acuu a.vw- .shop building of the Union Switch ana w filed suit for divorce from her I R-zt FIRENij'nni i .mi ud.li v . i,u iuibw" imchann n r i.nri .. rtnuuiiis. cuiwi i m . . .-(- i. u i. r cTtrifnlt cirrnnls ill - . '.. . . n. . n i t-v :i., :tne jnanuiacLui e wj. ouv-. ..o and puDiisner oi tne wiuunuaLei uau? j.. -rrtt.A Ontac fiTirl llTltll TPCentlV -r i Hi.:-.. "Tr. "nVli?ri Itne uuueu uttio. .- - J5un. in ner peutiuu ihb. ""engaged in filling munitions orders tor rharges her ilusband with cruel andthe European government, located at iuTluman treatment and infidelity.Swissdale, a suburb, was destr0J4.fty m. Robbins further alleges thatfire, with a loss esumateu at .?-x,vuV . husband owns a newspaper piant i a burning rug. wmcii nuu uwuhik000. The cause oi uie me v.. wort1, 515.000, and a residence wortn ignited irom an overiieiueu giaic tv.ibeen determined, although officials ot c Q0(J and -s abieb0died and intelli- tne residence of Judge B. B. January,the company believe it resulted from' nt 'and able t0 earn at least $2,500 caused an alaiun from Box 21 yester-spontaneous combustion. Pr -year she asks for $10,000 all- day morning. The fire department re- 9imony Mrs. Robbins was formerly sp0nded and extinguished the flamesBERLIN, Feb. 12. ueruiauy d -- Aliss Marv Belle Bramblette, daugnter witn a cnemicai exunguiHuer.- :.,- oarrip! invisible .. . . , r x 1T T.--iiKlrf n I . I AB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINJOrT & S0NtAgtsBURNING RUG CAUSES ALARM.A burning rug. which had become (9ioa9cecscGsoiSQffl ff fALE's and Young Men'stype of submarine carries "visid ot- Mr. and Mrs. J. W .Brrnblettc,periscopes, it tne iu"6 --- formerly of L.ittie uock anu ran&.from Strassburg is correct:raierican's naval power does notalarm our navy. Our submarines of , TH WEATHER.The latest type cannot, owing to theinvisibility of their periscopes, be-ob' Intensely coid weather prevails inily attacked by large warships; wiirc . section and has been sinceas for the same reason they can ue Thursflay The temperature has ristnvery dangerous to the latter becau se sllltely above that maintainedthey can approach withm a few mm- t fl1 throughout all last week, be-dred -ards and fire a torpedo without . cloge to 7Qro The llie:hest rei,,- n- Rpp.n." nnrdwl was twenty-one above zero.rnna c rminwinir cioseiv in ti-cVJUU'i'W - .w-- -Rrc, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.KUTCHCRAFT ADDRESSESMAYSVILLE BANKERS.Hon. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, . ofParis, Secretary of the Kentucky Ta,Commission, which framed tne pioposed new tax law, wuncn win De &uu-Overcoats!nTjOW IS YOUR CHANCE to buy an Overcoat for much less than it regularyJ worth. We do not wish to carry over these coats, and we will say to pros2 pective buyers that you can find here the best values in Paris for the money.You can guard against high prices by buying one of these coats.We have plenty to select from in heavy and light weights. Kerseys, Meltonsand English Tweeds are shown in Pinch Backs and stylish Short Coats in singleand double breasted.Browns, Greys, Blues and Fancy Mixtures are the colors.Here are purse-opening prices:Threats to ueuuu "" orts physicians nave ueuu iiuuiwuw. - t thmany were due to wild press rep orts n0 lmproveraent on the Frid.of American action and an jitorto preceding days, there being a chill in""fie Prt of the German Government seQmed to erce p P0 reaffirm Uie treaties of 1 99 an u h h heavv ci0Uiing. Young 1017e treaties of 1799 ant. 'eIl heavv clouiing. Young 19171 AM RpTTER coMMU-1828 In an- ampUfled lorjn, "-". is humping himself In an enort 10 pro-t NICATION WlAssociated i-rts w" qjJViirday. vIde 1918 s'retnin 10 lui. auv. ..ho reached Copenhagen bOTnwy. coM weather line.Americans are being snou -hAheGerman inhabitants, he said.NICATION WITH WORLD.GOOD SALE.A BARACA CHALLENGE.A "defi" has beenfnrara rias of thej Aimovoment has been started by tnej business men of Carlisle to 'secure aI local telegraph office for .that place.(There was an office there Until theissued by the break came between the Louisville,-.-. ti..i: Mooiivnto "noilrnnfl Homnanv and thei"aris xsuptisji. .nttam" .- - -- -At die sale of stock, etc.. belonging ;rif if i for a thvr- The local office was discontinued.t0AMr.Ve Harp, near MlUeuvs MeBjjU.. mj, fa . Ag;m-.U vere then n,a e orrealized. Teaittw """J.SS1." it is darlisle patrons to telephone bowSXes sold at $32.50; two ?"" LrT t. 7re will be a lively scn-n- to Paris to be sent over the te e--- - - . . u ih :i 1111 oi.ij. r -in .,.-ood prices were-,i 36: six snoatsnixhorserelsfodder,$36; six S'ySxiid m- '-r momhhin in both Bociel.ni'TS'X bar. in order to win. The contest beganVcVv.S? Beynolds.. formerly of. x,. ii: .ni, linoo T?prpnrlv a niluiff V..u-in Dnta sgt'Jj 6ai"' ". --, wmade whereoy patrons are couieuto pay for a telephone (message to" j TlM.in - Xr-ininrVI l-ft-ai'lllX! itrtm AAMr. Ii. C KeynomB. iuijuo .? u. --.! from thai. nolnL. . f na n.i nvKvi ! ! iiiiaaauVo waw . w - - xnric IR TPCaCr UL i." -" i ; - , ul.1wholesale houses':IV0 nor shock: six tonstoaoer, ' 514 50 to ?16 per ton. pins, Trc-. -nn of Parte Newspapers and wholesale houseof mixed hay, .ou gfac and-Mr. C. C. Dawes, 01 i;arib. "J nontt Kmtllckv -re beiM'bSS iticta brought 11.17 teaches the l'Ze'mo asked to cerate with the citizensTSSSiJS Hr- HP -ll "T? ?tto iS iS SSiW'tajSi efortto hare atee-$30.00 Overcoats 4J9C Art$25.00 Overcoats .OA AA$22.50 Overcoats j CQlUL m$20.00 Overcoats -i CACUE CCJ. '$18.00 Overcoats fri a pacut to $14.51)$15.00 Overcoats it facut to ll.uU$12.50 Overcoats q jjrcut to. . . : if DU$10.00 Overcoats - py Ancut to , yoOWALSH:Main and Seventh, The One Price Store Paris, Keitakj-" L.1 'PAGE TWO.THEBOUBBOy JttETffS,,PARIS,,.KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY II, 1S17.anfflstftsife!XV.,iIi,II.I 1tH'!WiItflJ inivI.if;ftnTh KnvKn N.tcuv tpu& uuti x v vt ottablished 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-blished Every Tuesday and Friday.e Year $2.00 Six Months.. $1.00Payable in Advance." 'SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.,tile ParlS. KentUCkV.lEntered atPostoffice as MailSecond Class.)Matter ofthQAny erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or renutation ofany person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns bf TUBBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-rioted if brought to attention of theetor.ANNOUNCEMENT.. . ,, We are authorized to announce the6ocl Democrats below as candidiates? -PVS11 primary OI1 AuSust4, 1917, to fill the offices tothey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TATJL, "JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,ol Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMJddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,ot Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRek at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Problems of Retail Trade.If the merchants can attain a unitylike that described in our last article Mothers who cling to the old form ofii town can always make a large ex- physic simply don't realize what theypaxsion. No matter how strenuously do. The children's revolt is welltk merchants may compete with founded. Their tender little "insides'eah other, the total hcLne trade of are injured by them.t town is limited by its population if your child's stomach, liver andA business can only get about so far bowels need cleansing, give only delibefore it runs up against the blank cious "California Syrup of Figs." Itswall created by the limitations of the action is .positive, but gentle. Millionsttrvn's size. ot mothers keep this harmless "fruitfBL, ifeut the opportunity is always open laxative" handy; they know childrento attract trade from the surrounding i0ve to take it; that it never fails tocountry. The free use of automobiles clean liver and bowels and sweetenincreases this chance amazingly, the stomach, and that a teaspoonfuiThere are manv people with motor given to-day saves a sick child to-mor-carswho are making it a regular prac row.tlce to trade in towns 20 to 50 milesdistance, sometjaes even more, ineyare roaming around the country alltke time t?iat the roads are good. Thewomen look in the store windows quiteas eagerly as at the scenery. The menhare an eye for what looks like goodbusiness enterprise, too. And there isa constant srem of people who arctraveling over the railroads in theV,?&Mrch of good bargains.. I takes both individual advertising"" amd community co-operation to ge.tfiis distant trade started. The ideaof merchants week, trade bargaindays, etc,,, is spreading all over theconntry. An announcement that alltle merchants of a town have agreedto give bargains on a certain day willdraw people frorn many miles around.U the visitors are pleased they willcome again.These enterprises are successful onlyvjh.en the merchants generally agree togive special bargain values. It is severe COLD QUICKLY CURED.hard for a few of the merchants totii ! i j "On December first I had a very ss-' vere cold or attack of the grip as itfill ITCf fill ffOf mi fftmay De an( was nearly down sick mr ILtoi r ILLoI rlLLo: bed" writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby,r. ... .. ... Mo. "I bought two bottles of Cham-W3LUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT berlain's Cough Remedy and it was"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles, only a few days .until I was completelyIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchinpr at once, restored to health. I firmly believerSfbSffnn that Chamberlain's Cough Remedy isTor sale by aJ druggists, mail 50c and 21.00. one Qf yery besfc medicines an lfcVJLlAMS W G. CO., Props., Cleveland, Ohio win know what to do when l have an'other cold." Obtainable everywhere.OBERDORFER, The Druggist.twin Bros. Department Store1 Seventh anfi Hlafn St$.WB KgBIMTobacco CottonAll Grades at LowestPrices.i sI Twin Bros. Oep'l Storey tlfi neeus to lku uuiu, ij. uie uung is iu;be made a success.t There are too .niany merchants who'are unwilling to help in such effortsunless they can see a profit comingiiglit off. Successful expansion oftrade is not built up in that way. Itis a slow growth, and few new enterprises or trade currents pay the first3 ear. The merchants must take holdwith an idea of building for the future,forgetting all grouches and sorenessesitcml Viir nnmnafilinn TF tMc cnirila L.O.UL1L.I1 KJ W L.UI11IIL.L1L11J11. A I- LIlll uIlT. & L.prevails, our town will grow, and thepeople will flock to it frcn many milesaround.Sant Valentine.It would be an interesting subjectfor speculation, how far youth to-dadistributes sentimental love offeringson st- Valentine's day as his father(lid before him. Modern young peopleare keenly onve to absurdities, andthe old-fashioned sentimental valetmcprobably would seem ridiculous to-day.Most middle aged people, men atleast, have memories of Feb. 14 ex-ploits in the period of their teens. It;vas a time to approach with bate.li.,.ti, vnn m-n .ipeirrms nf pypressing your devotion to your inaon-?et ." 8S5Ziuv.u oratet an(i anxious as to how tar biiewould be gracious. The choice of asuitable valentine was a matter of solicitous thought.The favorite valentine of those dayswas a lacy sort ot affair, bcautilie iby elaborate psiper cutting and perforation, decorated with gorgeous Cupidsand hearts, with pictures of clergym.eLand churches in the background tosuggest the goal of marriage. Manyhard earned pennies were cheerfullygiven up for these artistic productionsHow one's heart throbbed when finallyithe love lorn message had been committed to the postoflice, and was onits way to its adored destination.A hasty glance at the present daystocks of valentines does not sho.vmuch of this bind of thing. St. Valentine's day has become a time whenyoung folks, instad of sending one valentine only to some preferred lovor,exchange a lot of post cards wholesale.The young people of to-day seem ilittle more normal in the matter olprecocious affection. The boy and gn iof years ago were too much concernedwith the other sex for their own good.To-day athletics and social activitiestake up time and attention in a morew holescVne waj .A CHILD HATES OIL,CALOMEL, PILLS FORLIVER AND BOWELSGive "California Syrup of FigjCross, Sick, Feverish,Constipated.IfLook back at your childhood daysRemember the "dose" mother insistedon-castor oil, calomel, cathartics, llo?jou hated them, how you foughtagainst taking them.With our children it's different.&sk your druggist for a 50-cent bot-itie of "California Syrup of Figs,which has full directions for babieschildren of all ages and for grown-upbplainly printed on each bottle. Beware0f counterfeits sbld here. See that itjs made by "California Fig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other kind withcdntepnpt. (adv)J"Juice" Used Up.Mildred, age four and a halfyears, and her brother. Uobbie, twoand a half years, v cvo pushing theirrocking chairs over the floor, playing they were automobiles, honkingand making noises imitating a machine, when Mildred, out of breath,was lieai d co exclaim: "Oh, Bobbie!Let's rest. I am out of gasoline!"(Feb-adv)Paris, Kentucky"TANlAC StalLE"GREETS FRIENDSOld Hotel Man T6fls How HeGot Back Good Humor."TAHLAC D10 IT," HE SAYS"You're sure looking good thesedays. Where'd you get the smile?"That's the way his friends now greetJoseph Kolb, who lives at the Sherwood Hotel in Cincinnati. Mr. KolbJOSEPH KOLB.was in the hotel business in Cincinnati for 20 years and is well knownall over Ohio and Kentucky."That's my 'Tanlac Smile' and Igot it after Tanlac had built up myrun-down system," is Mr. Kolb's answer. "But I couldn't always smile thisway," Mr. Kolb said. "For severalyears I was bothered by a dropping ofmucus in my throat. It made me'grouchy' because I couldn't get rid ofit. It got on my nerves, too, and keptme awake nights.Began Losing Weight."My stomach went back on me, andnaturally I lost my appetite. Icouldn't eat much without being sickafterwards. I suffered from bloatingand belching gas after eating. I hadthat tired, heavy feeling, too, and itseemed as if I just had to drag myself around. When I began to cutdown on my meals I started to loseweight, too, and my friends got worried about me."One of them suggested that I tryTanlac and I did. I am glad to saythat it helped me back to health. I'vegot a man-sized appetite now ar.d caneat anything I want without suffering afterwards. I don't have thaiheavy feeling in my stomach aftermeals. My food digests without anytrouble and I know it is because Tanlac has fixed me up.Glad to Praise Tanlac."I am glad to pass the good wordalong to anyone who. is suffering likeI did. I know Tanlac will do themsome good. It sure fixed me up.That's whv I'm wearing this 'TanlacSmile.' "Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MilLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)FOR A BILIOUS ATTACKWhen you have a severe headache,accompanied by a coated tongue,loathing of food, constipation, torpidliverj vomiting of partly digested foodand then bile, you may know thatyou have a severe bilious attack.While you may be quite sick there ismuch consolation in knowing that relief may be had by taking three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They areprompt and effectual. Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv) "Campaign Slogans.Webster's "the past at least is secure," and "Liberty and Union, nowand forever, one and inseparable," areimperishable. Clay's declaration, "1would rather be right than be president" will long remain in the booksof quotations, and along with it willrun recollection of tin; retort of TomReed, when a congressman had quotedit with an emphatic flourish, "But youwill never be either."WINTER BRINGS COLDSTO THE CHILDREN.A child rarely goes through thewhole winter without a cold, and everymother should have a reliable remedyhandy. Fever, sore throat, tight chest,and croupy coughs are sure symptoms.A dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeywill loosen the phlegm, relieve thecongested lungs and stop the cough.Its antiseptic pine balsafcns heal antsoothe. For croup, whooping oougliand chronic bronciiial troubles try DrBell's Pine Tar Honey. At all Druggists, 2Ko. -f -V .mNHvADaisyBaker'sMotherW8S2I&&X&&2$p4'&tgpgmmHUTCHISON.Master James Jordan is slightljimproved from a severs illness.Mr. Steve Burbridge continuescritically ill at his home near Hutchison. Mr. Ric hey has been confined tohis home for several days, sufferingwith the grippe.Mr. Brzck and family Aill moveMarch 1st to the Ross faiui recentlyniirrflmsprl hv Mr UrnoU- ! !Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Carrick wil1move March 1st to the William Casetarm, which they recently rented.Mr. and Mrs. Cockrell will occupyMr. and Mrs. Lee Penn's home onParis traciion line for the remainderof tdie winter.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Case willleave soon for a visit to Virginia, andin the future will make their homein Lexington.The sad news of the death of Mr.Walton, which occurred at the familyhdme on the Greenwich pike, Mondaywas learned with much regret by hismany friends at Hutchison.For Stiff NeckApply Sloan's Liniment- 'withoutrubbing to the sore leaders and thepain will soon be relieved.For rheumatic aches, neuralgia,gout, lumbago, bruises, strains,sprains and muscle stiffness, havea bottle handy.Quickly penetrates and soothes,.oleanerthnn mussy plasters or ointments, joes notstain the skin.At all druggists, 25c. 50c, and $1.00.vA -iowfrilH Ii i HI i j , 7BBBnBBBBBBBSBBKaMr JBMBBBBBBBigBg32C ;iv . S.. . W "WVKSSOT-ilMIlWlSm1 ."BKi.BHflBK1BBBHBBMBr I BBillilllM!tiliilnL-1 'ILFLOURMIigw r. - - aWilliamJlJEjLXiflo arc."There we are, Daisy, .right out of the oven IDoesn't it smell good? And won't it tastegood when you and father and the boys geta chance at it?HqH0H "It's better forall of us than meat, and it's mHBBsW ots cneaPer an(i 2'11 bake all that you jHBR caneat ifflBEjkBP william I ell i'LOUR certainly takes the n,-f -: BpsplMpy acne out of bake and puts the flavor in the-3bHA Wv . MWBBBBBBBMBBBMfBSTBMSririr SarJWfBBBBBBm' 'if ifrJmsWrlBmffiBBBBMBHBl' KFor Sale by AH Leadingr Dealers,tlltKHH..l..:uSoSe AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOESffI$7-oo and $7-504I Take Advantageand SaveeHARRYA.t.t.t.t.. l m m .NOWis the ideal time to visitFLORIDAor (heGulf Coast ResortsGet away from the cold and enjoy life in the land ofSunshine and Flowers.Low round trip fares and excellent servict yiaLOUISVILLE NASHVILLE R.R- Far particiilara call laal "f 'r Ji lliii Taiaraai4!,,li,I,,Ii'I''I''l''I''I"I''I'I'I''I"IiIi'II'XwXitM"I"M,I"I"l"H,4I-ttitof These PricesMoney.tLINVILLE"Sm"!'.;fIi, lH:jiJJL .J (mav)viV-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co'sSale StartsFeb. 14thSale StartsFeb. 14thIfIEighth Annua-MMManiwigirrii i lnrrrrrrf jrpaaamBegins Wednesday Morning, February 14, and Continues Through the Month of March.l 8HMMMUlHUBJHCXWMKMBIMniaHnHHBwlK wmmmmmmicmvmmmmmmmmmmamKmuaMuaatamkxakmmlT7TU :. i-V .. -J l : i . c..: r t : .i a i i.i. 1 : t .. .u .i. . :j . 1 1 r vi-x.vt-i i3 uic uuc gicai, gia.uu, giuiiuus iwuuc -ijcx. v nig vppui Luimy ui tDG year. - bdic ixmL lias grown in ictvor wan mc wiatr, ptuvxuciu name maivers or miscommunity, until today it stands without a peer in the commercial annals of Paris and Bourbon county. You thoughtful, discriminating buyers of home ne-Hcessities should realize now as never before the liberal motives that rest behind these annual sales-movements. Now read this page very carefully, as we havebeen getting our stock ready for this BIG SALE since the Holidays. The many new patterns that we are putting on our floors are included in this sale. EVERYTHING IN OUR LINE INCLUDED.A Very HandsomeMetal Bein white porcelainfinish, and has aheavy one and onehalf inch post, agood value for $8.75,February and Marchmrmimmmu ai11Library TableSolid Oak MahoganyTable. A handsomefumed oak table,Jacobean style, 23,now $16.75Mahogany Tables,$14, now.. $9. 75February and MarchSale.Solid Oak Tables,$14.00,now $9.75Solid Oak Tables,$10.00,now $6.75Oak Center Tables,$3.50,now $2.25February and MarchSale.ThSSGas RangesThese during ourFebruary and MarchSale20 F&r CentDiscountAll connections free.inri III US H8i: iiih-l: : - ?a v'' K'l iV. F!foni.i n'jyiJL- mmmWlmmtA Splendid Child's Crib2 ft. 6 in. wide, 4 ft. 6 in. long,have sliding sides, fitted with aguaranteed National spring. Averv trood value at $8.00. OurFebruary and March SaleKitchen Cabinetmade of Satin Finish Maple, has large cupboard,with two flour bins, twosmall drawers, a value of$14.00, our February andMarch Sale$9.75The great Hoosier Cabinet $23.75During our February andMarch Sale.Kitchen Cabinets, CoalCook Stovesianges andWe Have Just Received a Solid CarLoad of the CelebratedNew IcebergRefrigeratorsAND ICE CHESTSin every size and style for our Springtrade, and to those who are willing toanticipate their need just a month orso we will allow a discount of 25 percent, which would mean a $10.00 Refrigerator. February and March Sale$7.50g-.Vt.-iVr,, -, 7-&3W'-P:mh'Fmmmmf'. ,., j .--?tLrrn.m?f AJil' 1 '-'ElCoolmorRANGESThere are many patternsin Coal Ranges. The onelike cut has a large reservoir. 6 caps, a largeroomy oven, 16 inch, alarge hearth. A truevalue at S60.00, our February and March SaleS42.00SSSSA few Coal Heatersat a big saving duringour February andMarch Sale.WV- - .fc '- -rrz- -mr- -. y.TTSs? .BlT'!'M"iiMi)i.),lj. liillilliui.'i iiuini1 1 1 ; 1 1 1 iTTTTnf ..,., rrfBy.- . v . vvv v-. ' trT5J "VSanitary CouchThe better value found at Wheeler'sstore is a Sanitary Couch whichsells at $6.00. February andMarch Sale$3.25j!y s-jpfetesTri S mrrrrmTT!ms-''-"1W, V uSm XSSFWriWi iVvfe.SV ., Mwr ILISs' " mBWe Show 32 Styles and Sizes in theNEWICEBERGTHIS SPLENDIDline of Refrigerators have been instocks of the Wheeler's Stores for 20years and each year they have beenimproved until now they represent thelast word in refrigeration heavy 3-plydoors and tops, porcelain inside theprovision and galvanized oderless steelin the ice chamber. Look them overand save by buying now.Porch Shadesand PorchFurniturewill be included in thisgreat February andMarch Sale.Now is Your Time toBuy and Save theDifference.as you will need thesegoods this summer.olinorPORCH SHADESDavenportsS50.00 Mahogany Davenport, now$37.00Oak Davenport,$48.00novvS40.00now$35.00nowOthers S21.00,and March Sale.$35.00Oak Davenport,$32.00Oak Davenport,$27.00February9x12 Axm. Rugs with seams, $37.00, now..9x12 Axm. Rugs with seams, S33.0U, now-.9x12 Axm. Rugs with seams, $30 uu, now . .xl2amless Brussells Rugs, g2.00.now..xl2jSeamless Brussells Rugs, S80.00.now.-Rugs and Mattings. 11.3x12 Wilton Rug, ina beautiful blue andtan, $95.00 value,now $78.009x12 Wilton Rug, 75value, now$58.009x12 Seamless Axminster Rugs, of tan andbrown, $45.00,now 5oo759x12 Axminster Rugs,with seams, S42.00,now $34.0030.0027.0024.0026.0023,75rMattress StoreMattresses and Bed Springs$12.00 Felt Mattresses now $ 8.75$24. CO Lima Felt 'Mattresses now 1 8,25$15.00 Springs now 11 .25$ 8.00 Springs now ' 5.50$ 5.002Springs, all metal, now 3.25Our February and March Sale.Odd DressersSolid OakDressersin many styles, alsoMahoganyduring'our Februaryand March Sale at abig saving.OROCKERSSoKcd Oak &MahoganyRockerswith r; many newstyles,$2.00 up to $25.00during our February and March Sale.LINOLEUMSand Floor CoveringsWhile wke have manynew patterns of Linoleums to show let uscover your floorswhile the prices havebeen lowered on themany patterns.AJso Chairs andKitchen Tables at aBig Saving.? 'ssrej.iJK sss.i il .? w siir.fil MMrrrn?-At kt.l5:isSSamm-$&vyDining Tables$7.50 five-foot ExtensionTables, now $5.256-foot 5-leg Tables, $.8.00now '.. $5.756-foot Pedestal Tables,$15.00, now $11 .75Many patterns to pick from.Our February and March Sale.Baby Buggies!During our sale, a veryhandsome line of BabyBuggies.We are showing manystyles during our Februaryand March Sale.Remember the Baby!ChiffoniersMahogany,Oak andSatin Walnutat a big saving.Our February andMarch Sale.ir,. .'$Buffets and Dining TablesIn Many Styles.Something tfewFor. (he: ,Dining Room.Big saving duringour February andMarch Sale.ESIWHEELER FURNITURECOMain Street, opp. Court HouseCHAS. GREEN, ManagerREMEMBER THE DATEParis, Kentuckyiin'VTPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, Iflt!.KKNIGHTS OF KZELAHORGANIZED IN AKIS.N A ctmp of the Knights of Eeelah, anrgwritttion. o boys of the "teen" age,affiilliatad with, the Epworth League ot.t Metkodist churdi, has been organised in this city, under a chartergranted by the EDWorth Leacue of theKtatmcky. Conference of the Methodistckurca.This is ttie first camp to be organivd in the Kentucky Conference, and"Will b known as Ca(mp Sir Galahad,Camp No. 103, with the charter dateC February 6, 1917. The organization9t the local camp was effected by Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, Secretary of theKentucky Conference Epworth Lague,who will act as Superintendent of theCamp.The following officers were elected:Cleltis Ciiipley. King; William Mclntyre, Prince; Jesse Galloway, Scribe;Arthur Christman, Treasurer; HowardRoberts, Chaiifcnan of Religious WorkCommitee.At the meeting of the Camp held atthe Methodist church, at two o'clockSunday afternoon, the subject was,"An I A Steward?" Talks were madeby the boys on "Usefulness," "Honor"and "Cheerfulness." The leader onthis occasion was Mr. Foster MitcheliThe next meeting will be held in thechurch Saturday evening at 7:30, andthe following Sunday evening.KENTUCKY TAX-PAYERSLEAGUE INCORPORATEDArticles of incorporation for the Kentucky Tax-payers League were filedfor record in the County Clerk's officein Winchester, Friday. The statedTax-payers League were filed for record in the in'erest of the tax-payersIn tlie State. The incorporators are4. D. Goff, Barbee Beets, J. W. Poynter, H. V. Thompson. Asa Dooley, LeeEvans, J. M Hodckin. H. H. Franklin,H. S. Gilbert. J. Hood Smith and S. T.Prewitt.PUBLIC SALEOFMeadowb rook's Famouswm j - 1111 CIl6ra Ol fflllK LOWS-31ALSQFarm Implements, LiveStock,-Etc.The undersigned will sell at theCSftndenin place, dn the Clintonvillepike, one-qnarter of a mile from Paricity limits, onThursday, Fe& 15, 1917, 'beginning at the hour of ten o'cIocka. zxl, rain or shine, the following:25 head of Jersey and grade milows and heifers.Some of these cows are fresh withmires by their side, and others willsoon be fresh, all home raised, nativeKentucky cows.1 registered Jersey bull, 2-yr-old; j4 Duroc sows, bred; i1 team of aged mules; !1 driving mare, perfectly broken; !1 8-year-pld mare, lady broke;farm wagons;1 milk wagon;1 BrJndley riding cultivator; w1 breaking plow;1 disc harrow;1 good top buggy, rubber tired;1 set wagon gear, complete;1 set buggy harness;1 riding saddle and bridle;1 50-gallon oil tank;1 gasoline of kerosene engine, 2horse power;1 feed mill; v1 pond scraper; . -"-'"1 cream separator. International ;1 barrel churn;1 gas range, "New Method;1 upright piano, good one;A lot of household furniture;A lot of chickens.Other articles too num'erous tomention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.ALBERT MITCHELL,MRS. WiL KENNEY.CoL M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.'On and AfterFEB; 1stI will assume my dutieswith Wilmoth & Co., ofwhich firm I am a partner.I wilL be glad to see allmyiriends in my new placeof buiiness. .IP YOU WANTTHE BESTCALL FORCARLIBATWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376J,k . , r I w . . f -mC- , T-..-T- II IMMIII !! Ill Mill V - - ' -- ,....- . .,w. ... ..,.,, .- ... .1 . . . -., . . . 1 a. . MMDEATHS.OSBORNE.The body of the infant daughter of iMr. and Mrs. Charles Osborne, who Idied at the home of her parents, onthe farm of Mr. Arthur B. Hancock,near Paris. Friday, was interred inthe Paris cemetery, Saturday morningat ten o'clock, short services beinyheld at the grave.HUTSELL..Mrs. Frankie Hutsell, an aunt ofMrs. Horace G. Nelson, of Paris, diedat her home in Carlisle after a ionjcillness. She was the widow of Mr. F.M. Hutsell, who preceded her to thegrave several years ago. Mr. andMrs. Hutsell up to ten years ago li'ednear Cane Ridge, in this county.HUGHES.Mr. Sidney Hughes, a well-knownvoung iman of Lexington, died at nishome in that city, Friday morning, after a long illness. Mr. Hughes was afrequent visitor in Paris, where he had;many- friends, who will be genuinelysorry to learn of his death. The funeral was held at the family residenceSunday afternoon'at 3:30 o'clock, withservices conducted by Dean Robert K.'Massie, of Christ Church Cathedral.Mr. Hughes is survived by his parents.,'and three brothers, Robert Hughes,Grover Hughes and J. Tandy Hughes.The ,pall-bearers were, Ernest Waller.John M. McCormick, H. L. Skillman:Buckner Allen, Will Cassell and JohnJ. Nugent.j HUERKAMP.I Mr. Henry Huerkamp, aged aboutsixty, one of the best-known and moathighly-respected merchants of Cynthiana, died' at his home in that city lastweek, after a long illness of Bright'sdisease.I Mr. Huerkamp is survived by hiswife, six daughters, Mrs. RichardWelling, of Paris, Mrs. Charles Woods.J Mrs. Frank Donohue, Misses Magdajline Theresa and Catherine Huerjkamp, and Herman Huerkamp; a'so.two brothers, Bernard Huerkamp; also(Ft. Recovery, O., and August HuerIKamp, of Covington.The funeral services were held at!St Edward's Catholic church, in Cynkhiana, yesterday morning at ten.o'clock. The burial followed m tneiOCIOCK. J. IU2 UUliai ruiiwcu n w..Catholic Cemetery. The pall-bearersIv. ere, Theodore Luig. George Midden,ueorge irerruut, xvenuaii uuia.cn.i, .jV. Leek and Jas. A. Leach.BUSil.Mrs. Emma Bush, wife of Mr.Shields I '' --J at her home inWinchester, at one o'clock Sundaymorning, after a long illness of tuberculosis. She is survived by her husband; two litUe daughters, Misses Nellie and Elizabeth Bush; her father,Mr. W. P. Winn; ont sister, Mrs. Rufus Lisle, and one brother, Mr. Chas.Winn.Mrs. Bush was a first cousin of Mr?.White Varden, and a niece of Mrs.James McClure, of Paris. The funeraiwas held in the Winchester Cemeteryat 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon,with services conducted at the graveby Rev. Mr. O'Neill, pastor of theWinchester Christian church.Mr. and Mrs. James McClure, Mr.Jojnes McClure, Jr., Mr. and Mrs. C.O. Hinton, Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle.Mr. D. C. Lisle, Jr., Mrs. White Varden and Miss Mildred Lisle, of Pan.?,attended the funerel.LONG STALK ASPARAGUS. .A bargain ?2.75 per dozen.dt) C. P. COOK & CO.PARIS BOWLING 'LEAGUE.Bernard Sahten showed up with asmiling untenance Friday morning,because the Bourbon Laundry teajri'.of which he is a worthy member,came strong from behind in the gamewith 'the R. P. Walsh, team at theFordham Alleys Thursday night. Santen is one of the most enthusiasticdevotees of the game, and is predicting dire confusion to the competingbowlers in the Paris League hereafter. In Thursday night's game JimmyEngleman carried off the lionors fortihe high score of the night and for hisnn w T-niiinp- 109 in the first game.He was closely followed by DuncariMwho had a score or o in uie jiraugame. For the winning team Funkrolled 166 in the first game for highman, with, Santen second in the sameganne, with 162. The score follows:BOURBON LAUNDRY19Santen 192 135 150Burgin 157 152 132Neal 140 155 14DJackson:.:'. 124 158 12GFunk 166 141 138Totals "49 741 695741 6952 3142 13596 168160 115129 98168 158R. P. WALSH.1Hill 151Huflman 139Douglass 121Engleman 199'Duncan 185Totals 695 695 674Bourbon Laundry Totals 2185R. P. Walsh Totals . 2064Laundry Majority12JMOVES TO LEXINGTON.Mr. H. H. Kreigel, formerly of Bourlmn nountv. will become a resident ofLexington soon, having purchased theresidence of Rev. O. J. Chandler, atBell Court, in that city. Mr. Kriegelsome time ago sold his farm on theGeorgetown pike, to Mr. StanhopeWiedemann.SELLS FANCY SADDLER.Mr. George R. Cook, of Trenton,New Jersey, purchased "of Mr. Richard H. Wills, of Paris, a five-year-oldthree-gaited saddle horse by BourbonChief, at a private price, said to havebeen an extra fancy one. The purchaser sent the saddler to McCrayBros., at North Middletown, for development.MATRIMONIAL.SPEAKES ORME.County Clerk Pearce Paton issueda marriage license Thursday to MrJ. F. Orme and Mrs. Nancy Speakes,both of Bourbon county. They weremarried Thursday night by Rev. Dr. 0.R. Mangum, pastor of the Paris Baptist church, at his residence on SixthstreetA license was also issued from the,Clerk's office to Mr. Richard Hensonand Miss Clarine Barlow, both of nearMillersburg.rat mp v t rkvrr-xr t-t t. niav o r v.residing in the Ruddles Mills vicinity, Jand Miss Hal Hp k w of "f awTPnri' ! Friday, Mr. Winston Prewitt, of Win-' for all kinds of poultry, such asbur wer?marHed at 4 epSV Chester, accompanied by Mr. Vaughn chickens, ducks, geese, guineas, turHotel Tn LeSSSbu last week X ! Drake, motored over to Paris to call keys, etc. WiU call at your place and?,; .-?! Jf?rS5er?: 'I. ?on Miss Dav. Then Mr. Prewitt. Mr. get same. Telephone or address,Viii oanxiy, ul jru.ii&, uiiu iuit naivey,rf T .QU'ronnohiircr "t rra f Vio nffnnrlonfoAfter the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. aiiss wmib, weiuw wuuuai.,Rainey returned to Bourbon, and m Mr Prewitt and Miss Day were maroccupy the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. ned , returning to Winchester, SundayB. Cunningham during their absence in "if11Florida. ,In the spring they will move M Mr. Prewitt is a son of Mr. and Mrs.to Lexington to reside. Mrs. Rainey Stanley Prewitt ol Clark comity andwas formerly a trained nurse, in Lex- his bride is a daughter of Mrs. Floydington. Mr. Rainey has for several Dav- Her father was a prominent lumVOoe aan oeo;at,-r at nr.?T, rv, -,r. ber dealer and business man of Win-O'ill the management of his farm nearRuddles Mills.MORRISON SHEPHERD.Friends and relatives in Paiys ofthe bride-elect have received cardsannouncing the approaching marriageof Miss Margaret Morrison, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Morrison, ofCharleston, W. Va.4 to Mr. John I.ShaDliard. of Saratoga. New YorkThe wedding will take place at thcjnati, formerly of Paris."AsS Biioirand AGentleman!"x :A GoodRight breeding is a fine thing, friend,so is right 'reading, right thinking andright living. If you may say of a man thathe is a scholar, and a gentleman, and aSoutherner y on have said it all, men, youhave said it .all!Why, it's the love of good things thatmakes men of us, a good home, a goodbook, a good horse or a gopd dog. Yesand a good cigarette' 'You Folks of the South KNOW good blood!f You Folks of the South KNOW gvod tobaccolWe are sure to be friendsbecause I am an 'aristocrat, too one cf the better and fineithings of life. And here's another good reason,iv" &rJ I am?-'?3$ youT - -T fc J-.. -yourSovereign CigarettesFOR THE CENTLEMAV OP THR Antrmtffi v . . rr m - r m nr r. w- Mr , - : . whome of the brides parents "on Virginia avenue, in Charleston, to-moi-!row, (Wednesday) afternoon, Feb. 11..'rni, ,,,11 Vin Tin oftanrlsnte flnr? ttirThala wni h nn sttPTwlants! and theceremony will be witnessed only byfnt'nds and neighbors for tbeir kind-the immediate family.Mis Morrison is a cranddauehter iof the late Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Butler,of Paris, and a niece of Miss Lena tne donors or tne oeautuui norai onerJohnson of Paris, at whose home she ings; Rev. W. O. Sadler, the singers,has been a frequent visitor. She is the pall-bearers and Mr. George Davis,a young wcftnan of charming person-. funeral director, for his kindness amiality, who made a host of friends here j the efficient manner in which he con-flnrimr her many visits, and whowish her many long years of happy!wedded life. jPREWITT DAY.Miss Rosa, Day, of Winchester, astudent at the University of Kentucky,came to Paris some days ago to visitrschoolmate, Miss Margaret Willis.- - ;i . -uraKe mill lvusa ua. . attuiuyamcu ujTTJI J f 4- . " i t a 4-t tT rfChester. The wedding was a greatsurprise to the friends and relativesof both the groom and the bride.iThey are well known here, whereboth have been frequent visitors.TRUSTEES QUALIFY.The Bourbon-Agricultural Bank andTrust Company has qualified as trus-tee for Miss Lucy Lowry, of Cincin-'THorse- A GoodDog-guaranteed by9. lt .dont iiKe me returnmoney back. I have said itthe world over for keeping his-w mms SBCARD OF THANKS.I desire to express my sincere aniheartfelt thanks to my relatives"s aim syjmpauiy snown me m meIocs o" my dearly beloved husband,'.Johr C. Snyder. Especially do I thank iauccea uie iunerai.The Bereaved Wife,MRS. IDA SNYDER.Poultry Wanted.I will pay the highest market price1 T TMT'PTfV TTTTTPWPR ATTT"i " - -. -. w . w-. ,(lt-pd)ParisK5Tobacco Land Wanted.I desire to rent on the shares fromtwelve to fifteen acres of good land.suitable for raising a crop of tobacco,. Can give the very best of references' from men on whose places I have(raised banner crops. In 1915 I raisedja crop on the Stanhope Wiedemannplace that brought from 16c to 38' Per Poun(F ne of the best sales at, the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse. Ampresent located on the H. H.Kriegel place, near Pans Address,"J- - vf-AfjT?NuU itouie , jrans, ivy.A325?tarnSo, I say to you, if you -like the things that:are real, you'll like me SOVEREIGN.I have blood and -breeding and, oh! socarefully raised in one of the lightest,brightest, whitest homes cf ell the South.Good stock, too fine old mellow Virginiaand Carolina tobacco, the grandest in allthe world..SBuy me. r- .11me to your dealerA Southern gentlemanword, and I have givenvi9 musvem UAXMflRGOLENSPECIALSFor This WeekPic-Nic Hamsper pound17c24-pound sack Best Flourfor $1.30Pure Hog Lardper pound 1 9cApplesper peck 40cCorn, Tomatoes and Peasper can ' 12 "I -2cOrangesper dozen... 25c8 Bars Lenox Soapfor 25c-MflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKET4Good CigareUe-and getis knownyou mine.Tmr m tj sm mJ8. firwV- -V- -X,.tSn;-1Vi 41 u'"- ny " IITDHBDA.Y, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEW& PARIS, KY.PAGE FIVESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECorfiings . and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhereReclmoh. Talbott Mrs. Geo. Battertonand Mr. A. C. Dettwiller,Mr. Julian Frank left for Indianap-Iolis, Ind., yesterday, on a business!trip. I! Mr. John Krlener, of Paris, visited 'irienas in Lexington, Friday and SalMrs. Loiran Hmvnrfl wiin imo vQ urday,vnim r t uckic nun uiicmc ill at her home on Wiph cfroof io -, rs- Kate Eginton, of Paris, has, proving. ' returned frrjtn a visits to Mrs. Rufus j JWe want your chickens. Mra. Dennis Dundon has conclud- LIsle'nWincliMter. fl o . jS(It) C. P. COOK & CO. d a visit to Mrs. John. Sower in , Mr Webb Pton, of St. Louis.v ' . Frankfort. ' was a visitor of. friends and relatives 2I Air. Uawson Berrv, of Lexington. lil V ai u uie cuni.y yesterday.LINCOLN'S BIRTHDAY. pvas a guest last week of Mr Jo Mr- and Mrs- - E- Steenbergenj Davis, Jr.. in Paris " " are mving this week into their hand-There was no public observance of Mr. and -Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock som new fllonie recently completed JFebruary 12, Lincoln's Birthday, Here ieit Saturday for a visit to friend f&L oevenui street.yesterday. The banks were closed, and relatives in New York City &b uroivn wauuns, ot vexing- :but the postofllce remained open. TIim Miss Esther Ort has returned to to?' who has been teacnin& the Dudleyday was made a legal holiday by the lier home in Maysville, after a visit to sch.o1 m this county, has resigned Jlast Legislature, and yesterday was the Miss Hazel Aldrich, in this city and turned to ner borne. I Xfirst time it was observed. I Mrs. William I. Goodwin has re Mrs- Robert Goggin has returnedj turned to Lexington after a visit to home il1 Geor&etown, after a J.Mrs. Katherine Davis Crate in Paris visit to Jier mother- Mrs- S. M. Wil-J. H. BATTERTON FILES -Mr. Ed. Brown SeeLS raoth' a,ld family on Houston ave-itBANKRUPTCY SCHEDULE tIle j. T. Hin Co! is recovering lmT W1 . mfrom a recent severe attack of crinn "Mr Edwin Thomas returned toThe correct schedule of liabilities -Mrs. Roy Clendenin and Mrs scho1 at CentGr College, Danville,auu jisacua ui i. n. j3cillc;i luu, wuu uenis Dunoon attended the District .,colcluuJ' ullbi- u, visit to nis latner.iniei a voluntary petition m oanK- Club Meeting at Eminence last week ' uiauae A1- Thomas, and his grandruptcy in the United States Mr. Bernard Leo Gibbons euest of -arents- Mr- and Mls. E. K. Thomas,District Court at Frankfort recently, friends in this city for several (lavs near Paris'gives his liabilities as $5,014.13, and has returned to his homp in ninnin Mr and Mrs- harles K. Posnerhis assets as $13,335.00, which include:, nati. wncin- left for Cincinnati, Sunday for a visita number of insurance policies. Mr. P M IIpIW c-r hoc to Mr- Posner's parents, Mr. and Mrs.HOUSE DRESSESOUR "SPECIAL" A WINNER.jed from a visit to Mr. arid Mrs. Mar-A. L. Posner. Mrs. Posner will leaveshortly fcr Galveston. Texas, to visi:tin Heller, in Huntington West Vir- f110 lcr Galveston. Texas, to visiginia. ""fawn, west ir her parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. Hauser.The only place in town to get steak Miss Katherine Meglone has re- iUr- Li0ms wolistem writes frombrolied on ciliarcoal it's our specialty turned from Anderson countv where Llttle Rock Ark- tha-t his son-in-law,Everything else equally good. Open she 3ias had charge of one ' of th Mr David Bachrach, who has beenday and nignt, too.(13-2t)A'HERN & BURTON.Tenth and Pleasant Sts.ON WITH THE DANCE.countv ;Hinni! senousiy in tor several weeKS, is re--Mrs. James Curie has returned to cvennf Mr- Bachraoli recently un-her home in Cynthiana, after a visit funTLll oPtion at a hospi al mto her sister, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, and Llt-le RfC,k.- Mr Woltatein will re-jMr. Marshall, on Second street ,mam at. 11S dauShters home for a-Mrs. Henry Fuhrnian left Saturdav iyj"X' ;TV , i'louaui "UL "jluhuiiuntil March 1.. .JtojoinMrs.Fulmnan, who is spending u,uV.arT m ,- .nemg Club will tlie winter in Florida. He was accom- M8 Margaret Toolin entertainedze at arden s panied by litUe Miss D .. Fithian at ier home on Walker avenue Fridayin honor of her nieces, Misses MaryBradley and Anna May Schwartz. Th-jyoung folks had a most delightfultime. Refreshments were served.The guests were: Misses Anna IJaySchwartz, Mary Bradley. Madie Jordan, Mary Frances Campbell, HelenDavis, Gilbert Lavin, Agnes Walsh,Mary McWiHiams, Louise Collier, El-meta Morris, Alma Louise Goldstein,The Youn? Men's Dajgive a "Valentine Dance'"V -iii r hY Aiiss Maude Wilson, wlio hatfThe hours will be from eight to Uno. been attending school in Winchester,The oung Ladies' Dancing Club is very m at the n fwill give a subscription dance at Var- jn tills cityden's Hall on 7"mrsday evening, Feb. Mrs w'. H. Cannon is at the bed22.Wasninsto.is Birthday. Admission side of her Hn0ther Mrs .Cha H1. They had first contemplated giv- JoneSf near Mniersbur& who has beej,mg a masque ball, but decided to n several dayschange tx .1 subscription dance. The Miss Emma Frazier, who is atlimirs will dp from eieht to two. nn,i.-., i -ncm t ,,w . Lriiuii! ti in i- it i f'rmiiirir -n n(ro n?.visiting her mother, Mrs. Stoner' Og Iarf, Kath?rne Connelly and Sarah M.TO ATTEND MEETING OF IN- 'den, in Winchester Bradley; Messrs. Frances Rourkt.SURANCE MEN AT CLEVELAND, Mrs. Hattie F.' Howell of Mont- ihl1 WelslV ITllllIlin!an iVoc?ds; lgfmery county, is a guest of her sis- pranelley. Jack Lair, Reginald KUMr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate Gen- ter, Mrs. Warren Rogers, and Mr. kenne' and RaIPh Connell.eral Agent of the Northwestern. Mu- Rogers, at their home on the Cane Irs- Jesse Traylor entertainedtual Life Insurance Company, left Ridge pike. with a sewing party at her home onSunday to attend the annual meeting Mrs. Laura Skillman, who lias been Sixteenth street, Saturday afternoon,ot the Northwestern Mutual Ageu- n guest of her sisters,' Mrs. Walter 'rlie entertainment was in the naturecies of Ohio, at Cleveland, Monday Calvert and Mrs. Wm. J. Ross, nea of a farewell party to the neighborsand to-day. Mr. Clendenin has jus: Paris, returned Sunday afternoon to and clse friends of Mrs. Traylor,completed a successful campaign, her home at Chattanooga. wno wil1 soon move to Corbin to rehaving in nine days written seventj- Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon, who si(le- Ouring the afternoon a saladone men insurance to the amount of have been in New York City for sev course consisting of meat loaf, cheese$266,000.00, which is a phenomenal eral weeks, on business and pleasure, loaf oysters, hot rolls, celery, pickles,record. Mr. Clendenin was invited to returned vesterdav. Mr. and Mrs. Edw! olives, mints, salted almonds, fruitcome to Cleveland at the expense or Tucker, are still in New York. salad and coffee, was served the lolthe Ohio Association, and is on the Mrs. Robert L. Downing, of Ma- lowing guests: Mesdames James H.program to-day, his subject being, S31l countv. was a guest several days Haggard, Benj. Bedford, John L. So"Service to Policy Holders and the the past 'week of Mrs. Gertrude Per Ro-v Clendenin, L. D. RedmonCompany." Several officials . from Smoot at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Claude Redmon, Thos. Smith, D. S.the home office will also take part in William Remington, on Eighth street. Henry, Wm. Bryan, F. J. Savage,the meeting. ; Prof. J. M. Scott, of near ML Car- Clearence Ashurst, Rebecca Rudisilimel, who recently sold his farm, will Curtis Henry, W. W. Hinton, W. A.MR. MARTIN ANNOUNCES nove to Paris to reside temporarily Wallen. Wm. Wilfinott, J. A. Bower.FOR POUCE JUDGE, having leased the residence of Mrs. Sue p- Willmott, W. K. Griffin; W. A.Macie White Fithian, on Houston Holt Lexington; Mrs.' Violett andIn to-day's issue of THE BOURBON avenue." Mrs. True. Mrs. Traylor was assistedNEWS will be found the fonmal an- Mr. Henry A. Powers, president in entertaining by Jier daughters,nouncement of 'Squire Ernest Martin 0f the Power Grocery Co.. has return- Misses Sara Traylor, and Miss Charas a candidate for the office of Police ed from Buffalo, New York, where lie lotte Henry.Judge of Paris, at the coming Demo- has been attending the sessions of theANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announcecratic primary, which will he held on "Serv-Us" Wholesale Grocers' ConAugust 4, 1917. vention.Mr. Martin is a sterling young Demo- Those from Paris who attendedcrat, and has always been ready and the banquet given in Lexington by tin ERNEST MARTIN as a candidate lorwilling to assist the party in times Lumbermen's Association were Mrs. the Democratic nomination for Policewhen help was needed, and has spent T. T. Tcniplin. and Miss Mabel Tom- Judge of the City of Paris, Kentucky,his time and monev to heln in the nlin. Mpssrs. Monrne Mnnsfip.ld nn.l subject to the action of the Denio-DELGATES TO NATIONALD. A. R. CONVENTION.cause of electing ito candidates when James Templin.they were opposed by the Repulicans. Mrs. Duncan Bell was hostess reHe is now serving as Magistrate from cently to the members of her Sundaythe Paris precinct. Mr. Martin's school class at a theatre party give),friends predict that he will be out m at the Alamo Theatre. They werefront from tad?.y until the polls close .afterward ontertainod by Mrs. Bell a,gn August i, ,her home on High street.i Mrs. Harry Kerslake received amessage that her father, Dr. PerryBurgin, who has been spending thewinter in Mcintosh, Florida, had sustained a stroke of paralysis, and wain a very serious condition.Mrs. J. D. Purcell and daughter,' Miss Pauline Purcell who have just returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, near Paris, will "leave Oilsweek for Petersburg, Virginia, to visitMrs. Purcell's mother, Mrs. PlummerMrs. Buckuer Woodford was hostess Friday afternoon at the WindsorHotel to the members of her. bridgeclub. After the games the prize, anorder on the Paris Book Store, wasawarded to Mrs. Duncan Bell. Atthe conclusion of the games luncheon' was served.cratic primary, August 4, 1917.At the meeting of Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. A. R., held Saturday afternoon at the residence of MissesWinnie and Lute Williams, on Pleasnt streeL the following members wereelected delegates and alternates tothe National Convention of the D. AR which meets in Washington City,in April:Delegate, Mrs. Ciiarlton Alexander;Alternates, Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay,Mrs. Geo. W. Stuart, Mrs. Frank M.Clay, Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Mrs. BA. Frank, Mrs. Jas. H. Thompson,Mrs. C. M. Clay, Mrs. Albert MitchellMrs. Jos. M. Hall, Miss ElizabethGrimes.The Chapter will observe Washington's Birthday, Thursday, February 22,at the Masonic Temple, in Paris, attwo o'clock, with appropriate cerpmonies. An attractive program hasleen prepared, tihe program to be fo'lowed by a reception.BASKET BALL.ATim tinvs team of the Clark CountHi$i School defeated the crack teamof the Paris High School in the gameat Winchester, Friday afternoon bythe score of 23 to 16. This is the firstlefeat that the Paris tesfai has metwith this season. Tihe girls team orthe Clark County High -School was defeated by the girls' team of the ParisS3igh School at the same place andtime by the score of 13 to 6. TheWinchester boys' team has won fourout of the five games played.The Girls' Basket Ball team of- UieParis High School, dubbed by some oftheir friends, "The Ihvincibles," continue tihelr victorious march. Thewent to Lexington yesterday afternoonand defeated the crack team of Hamilton College, by the score of 48 to 16.The Misses Rose starred for Paris, together making 44 points. In the Jastfour gsnes the Paris girls have scoredover 200 points. This team is considered the best by many in the State.The line-up was as follows: Captain,,McCord; forwards, C. Rose. L. Rose;guards, Heller, McClintock; substi, tutee, Beaty, Elder, Lytle.The Paris girls have not lost a'game lliis season. Come out and rootfor the-m next Friday night, Feb. 16,t Y. M. C. A. Gymnasium, when theyjilay Maysville.. Sunday's Courier-Journal published in its society page a handsomwhalf-tone cut of Mrs. Robert WilliamCain, of Columbia. S. C. Mrs. Cainwas formerly Miss Katie GrahamThomson, niece of Mrs. John T. Hinton. of Paris, and daughter of Mr. andMrs. Roger Q. Thomson, formely ofParis.I The Pre-Lenton dance will begiven in the ball room of the PhoenUHotel, in Lexington, next Friday evening. The music will be furnished by aMemphis orchestra of seven pieces.Wm. P. Walton. Jr.. and LaytonThompson are the promoters. Mr.Mr. Dfcid Mrs. Jas. H. Thompson, ofParis, will be on the list of chaperones.Mrs. W. J. Walsh was the hostessrecently at Crosdale's Cafe, to themembers of the Coterie Bridge Club,of which she is a meVnber. The tallycards and place cards were valentines. The rooms were tastefully decorated for the occasion with springflowers. Mrs. Charles W. Heck andMrs. Edw. Burke were awarded theprizes, silk hose in dainty boxes,tied with rose colored tulle.Among the Paris and Bourboncounty people vho attended the SarahBernhardt performance at Lexington,were Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mrand Mrs. H. S. Caywood and family.Mrs. Laura Skillman, . Mrs. WherritHoward. Mrs. Allie Dickson, Mrs. A.Dettwiller. Misses Daisy and Josephine Dettwiller, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesS. Ball, Mrs. J. S. Sims,, Misses Alfaand Charlina Ball, Mrs. Laura EstillFrancis, Mrs. Lavina Estill ChenaullCunninghpn, Mrs. Roy McCray, Mr.vjs vks v&& i nrf Iy3Thii is theVictrola X, $75Little folks, enjoy the- Victrola 'They enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.-There are besides special children's records of well-known songsaud recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children into hearornc of tbc ipecial Victor Records forchildren. We'll gladlyplar them and tell ou howest) it is to get a Victoror ViuroU-$10 to J-iCO.I .flfl jnlDAUGHERTYBROSf illwm mrVM-Wmiin H5i2"4.r till B3 fI H4T1. 'TECj ti i "ft TjAiililtk'rT mlNQrip;,; 3ikcfricThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.$ 1 1 77ew 4-1-11 irrl-, 4- stiij-k 1-r-i4-IfeUUF-V c ,-llv-MJsllt uuc icioi uieaaes were un-y T-. -'IT 1 A. il 1 . .ueaiauie, out me jaiest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREvj'ekctrfcTHEELECTRICBRAND"Famed-For-Fit"for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses.From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,'and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 564FRANK & COMPANYF i II ID SHONE!Don't Let ANYTHING Keep YouAway From OurBIG CASH SALEvI3XTC3rFebruary and Marci!Brussells gxzz Rugs, $12.80Is Only One oi Our Big Features1:fU ..REMEMBERs :s.c Rirr voriiirfinns cm mtwv arhrlp inour immense Stock.'?" iIPT55g;.aT"?-THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.$.xMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.-m"'M!liJi::ti!'i&.'-.C'. T.Etar vMv'-'PAGE SIXTHE BOUfcB&N NEWS, ARISKttTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 117'm- T tkfc. mr-r'!iillHIVyjmr':!l;iL?thSafest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna, .no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing theabove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal.' E-RU-SA cures piles, or 50 forfeited. For sale by. G. S. VARDEN 8c SON (The Rexall Store)and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)TOBACCO BUYERS NOT LIABLEFOR BROKEN CONTRACTSIMARDI GRASE:cb.15-20, 1917New Orleans, La. Mobile, Ala.$23.00 Round Trip $20.45 Round TripFROM LEXINGTONSOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale for use on r ebrauary 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and19. vGood returning to reach. Lexington prior to midnight, March 2,1917.Privilege of extension to March 19, 1917, on deposit of ticket andpayment of fee of $1.00.For tickets and full information apply toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, Lexington, Kentucky.Early this season W. B. Whitley,a tobacco buyer of Owensboro, con'tracted with the farmers of Spencerand "Warrick counties, Indiana, for! about 2,000,000 pounds. At that timej the growers thought they had "madeI a bargain," but it was not many daysafter the tobacco market opened bej fore the prices began to jump.j Then it was that other buyers began,to ride through the Southern Indianaj counties and offer the farmers higherprices for their tobacco. Mr. Whiteiyheard of this and instituted suit at.Booneville, Ind., against William Es'que, and Dediman, Brown and Com'pany, seeking damages and asking an! injunction restraining them from interfering with his contract.J The cases were heard at Booneville' and Rockport, argument being made at' T?rrlrnrvTf Tii rondnrintr n florl5inn t'.aCourt held, in effect, that the defendants were not liable in damages, forthe acts of the farmers in breachingtheir contracts. It held further thaithe action of the defendants in inducing the farmers to disregard their obligations was not actionable and couldnot constitute a ground for damage 5for the reason that no intimidation,duress or coercion on the part of th3defendants toward the farmers hadbeen shown.GENTOff EVERY DOLLAR!MARDI GRASOnly a Bay and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.Tickets on sale daily February 12 to 19, inclusive.New Orleans $23.55; Mobile $21.00; Pensacola $20.70,Round Trip From Paris.Sleeping car fare $4.00 to $4.50 each way. Board at bestprivate homes SI. 00 per day. or at first-class hotels 2.00 perday and up. For particulars see L. & N. Agent.tSPCall for list of hotels, rooming and boarding houses ICLIP THISAND PINON WIFE'S DRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to Shrive!Up Corns or Callouses so TheyLift Off With Fingers.Ouch !?!?!! This kind of roughLimber up! Get a small trial hotpeople troubled with corns will followthe simple advice of this Cincinnatiauthority, who claims that a few dropsof a drug called Freezone when applied to a tender, aching corn or hardened callous stops soreness at once,and soon the corn or callous dries upand lifts right off without pain.He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even irritates!the surrounding skin. A small bottleof Freezone will cost very little at anydrue: store, but will positively removeevery hard or soft corn or callousfrom one's feet. Millions of American women will welcome this announcement sine the inauguration ofhifth heels. If your druggist doesn'tIhave Freezone tell him to order a smallbottle for you. (adv)Service FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads" foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Uistrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K.Equipment Manager.WMITH.Cashier.ONLY SEVEN MORE SHOPPING DAYS OFOUR BIG CLEARANCE SALEhi Which to Buy Furniture? Rugs, Coal Cook Stoves, CoalRanges, Gas Ranges, Coal Oil Stoves, Dining RoomSuites, Chairs, Rockers, Bed Room Suites.In fact, everything that goes to make the home more cheerful and to meet everynecessity. Many have already taken advantage of this golden opportunity andWE invite YOU to visit our store within the next week before this sale is overas there is no other store that vill surpass US in prices when it comes to quality.We are cutting prices, ss you will readily see when you visit our store. Comeand bring the "Homekeeper:'' We will meet your pocketbook with Furniture thatare bargains during this sale.SCHOOL OF METHODS.A Woman's Missionary UnionSchool of Methods of the BaptistOliurch, of Louisville, will be held atthe Broadway Baptist Church, at Louisville, Ky., on the afternoon of eachday from February 5 to 9. All of th3societies of the Baptist churches areurged to send full representations.The following are scfne of the principal features of the program:An inspirational address eacili afternoon by Miss Kathleen Mallory, ocBaltimore, Md.; a Bible course by Mis3E. S. Broadus; W. M. U. methodstaught by Mrs. Kate Hinkle; addressby Mrs. Janie Cree Bose on "UurMoney Reports;" Sunbeam Work" bMiss Mary Lyne; "Royal AmbassadorWork" by Mrs. Scott Duncan; "YoungWomen's Association Work" by M133Ora Scottow, State Y. W. A. leader;"Association Work," by Mrs. Creal.Dining Chairs, Leather Seat, Q. 0.were 33.00, now $2.50Dining Chairs, were $2.50, now $2.00Dining Chairs, were $1.50, now $1.25Dining Chairs, were $1.25, now $1.00Rockers, were $2.50, now $2.00Rockers, were $2.00, now $1.50Rockers, were $1.50, now $1.00Rockers, were $4.00. now $3.00Rockers, were $3.50, now $2.50Dinjng Tables, square top, 8 feet,were $10.50, now $8.25Dining Tables, square top, 6 feet,were 8.25, now $6.25Q. 0. Double Plank Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $40.00, now S32.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $22.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 48-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $35.00, now $27.00Q. 0. Double Plank 45-inch Top S-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $20.00Plain Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $22.00, now $18.00Plain 45-inch Plank Top 6-FtetPedestal, was $27.00, now $19.00IE. M. WHEELEREIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSRHEUMATISM IS PAINONLY, RUBIT AWAYTHE BEST RECOMMENDATION.Instant Relief From Pain, Soreness,Stiffness Follows a Rubbing With"St. Jacobs Oil" conquers pain! It is aftlilllllllll tl 1 1 1 1 14 "H-4 '1 I 1 I J 1 11 1 1 1 1 in iAUTOIOESLE HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to assc5 to or friends tfoat I can, where desired,furnish an autorcc3e kaone or ambulance. This method oftransportation Is especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.tifcU. Y- UAVI5, Funeral Uirector.H 4"M -I "I .I..I..M..M.4-I "I"M"I'4"H- i HnHIIIIIHH nThe strongest recommendation anyarticle may receive is a favorableword from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanda Gierhart, Waynesfield, Ohio, writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hanbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv)Uncle Eben."Happiness," said Uncle Eben, "Iswhat 'most everybody thinks he'd be injoyin' if he had somebody else's chanceat it" sLINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSBSSSSSSSSSSSt CB BSSWBSSSfliBSsSfl I c m- f MisHHHv H Uk? bV3I sssHHIImliYoung Man, Don'tScatter Your Dollars!. YOUTH IS PE0DIGAI. Frequently the young man DOESN'TMOW THE VAITTE OP A DOLT.AH.YOUTH IS" NOT EVERLASTING. The big men of the country laidUtt frimdation for their success by opening a bank account when theytract yeumr .5.If You Hope (o Amount to Anything Don'IMay Starting a Bank Account.Start It Today.Farmers' & Traders' BankGet rid of that hacking cough thatkeeps you awake at night and drainsyour vitality and energy. Dr. King'sNew Discovery is a pleasant balsamremedy, antiseptic, laxative andpromptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coldgerms: your cough is soon relieved.Delay is dangerous get Dr. King's!New Discovery at once. For nearlyfifty years it has been the favoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs andcolds. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.Stop "dosing" rheumatism.It's pain only; not one case in fiftyrequires internal treatment. Rubsoothing, penetrating "St. Jacobs Oil 'right on the "tender spot," and be thetime you say Jack Robinson outcomes the rheumatic .pain and distress."St Jacobs Oil" conpuers pain! It isharmless rheumatic liniment, whiclinever disappoints and doesn't burn theskin. It takes pain, soreness and stiffness from aching joints, muscles andbones; stops sciatica, lumbago, backache, neuralgia and reduces swelling.Limber up! Get a smoll trial bottle of old-time, honest "St Jacob's Oil"frotm any drug store, and in a moment you'll be free frqm pains, achesand stiffness. Don't suffer! RuLrheumatism away. (adv)A GOOD INVESTMENTsays M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wis.,who states: "I had rheumatism nineteen years; used three boxes ofrrf 9Jr i)H H rJrv7BSHot Shot for Mr. PeckPeck o course, like all women,you have an inordinate curiosity?"Mrs. Peck "Got a curiosity, have I?I've got a fn-ak."TRADE MARKRHEUMATIC POWDERSand have thrown away crutches." Youcan afford to try them. Sold only byus, 50c and $1.00.OBBRDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky."Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Ouits and OvercoatsuAoeSj jfeatsand JturnisitngsDon't Miss This Sale!the Difference!"cSaveHOW'S THIS?'jT ; KJSER, PresidentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, "CashierGRIMES, bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets , Paris, KyWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and finally ableto carry out any obligations made byhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.' "eating a pleasurewhen you .have a normal appetite.Loss of appetite indicates that thestomach needs to be cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action.?,.!4',?ctojftTiesitator.youlllekte!-hat$notf-,sfa)nriComng sure. - t-f-fBJiw1 filmvam'XQb s17 ism mII . y- (TfflTiivte V mls&,fifW SXV'i4 '. WrV 'ibLf'Ji'A' m09Zfo.WLty ''C. 2m;m'tf. hi 2''QKMj iiTWIN BROSClothing and Shoe Dept.L. WollsUm. Proptmmnscsct;s22tmitmBourbon LaundryDW1S & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetmm?1TRJOF MARKtonjc digestiveii sold for this purpose andteed to cive relief. Sold only by; ,-f OBERDORFER,TheTprug gist, Parli, Ky.guaranty.'ELL, that snowstorm's coming1 (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGE; Hot Stuff -W. C. D0DS0NS"23 jt cSSatisfactionWatchwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances fand experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Pari Kentucky.9Gfr,;.;.M?ilsi:'Ih&-'iPrf.fTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,Y.'VAGMSMWtfFOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waternnd other conveniences. Call Home3Phone 339. (jan30-t)THE TEST THAT TEULS.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known iaParis for horse hides, beef hides,heesp pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Public SaleOFStock and FarmingImplementsHaving sold my farm, I will sell atpublic auction, at my farm near Mt.Garmel Church, on the Cynthianapike, onThursday, Feb, 22, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock a. ni. the fol-le-wing:100 head ot ewes;25 grade Shorthorn, yearling steers&sd heifers;5 registered Shorthorn cows andcalves;2 registered Shorthorn bulls;2 sows and pigs;6 gilts to pig;10 shoats;1 pair three-year-old draft geldings;1 yearling draft gelding;1 three-year-old draft mare;1 one-year-old filly;1 extra buggy mare;1 20-horsepower coal oil engine;1 Ohio cutting box for filling silo;1 top-buggy;Farm implements of all kinds;Some household and kitchen furniiwre. TERMS All sums under $20, cash;xsual terms for all larger sums.J. M. SCOTT.(feb6-td)1L. F. Renaker, Auctlb The Test Of Time Many Pari?.People Have Made This Test.Years ago this Paris citizen told ina public statement, the benefit derivedlrc:n Doan's Kidney Pills. The statement is now confirmed the testimonycomplete. Instances like this are nunierous. They doubly prove the meritof Doan's Kidney Pills. Can any Parisreader demand more convincing proof?It's Paris testimony it tmay be investigated. Mrs. G. W. Ne)nan, E. Tenth street,Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at times I was nervous.My kidneys were weak and inactive.Doan's Kidney Pills made me well."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912, andon November 9, 1916, she said: "Istill use Doan's Kidney Pills at times,when I find it necessary. I have always received the same good results,although I do not have so muchtrouble now as I used to."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills tine sa'me thatMrs. Newman has twice publicly recommended. Foster-Milbum Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)PARIS GAINING NAMEIN TOBACCOiJJ They're looking up to us, these tr'.bacco fellow ; who buy the weed! Paristo-day occupies a preeminent place inthe tobacco world as having held therecord sales of the season, with thehighest prices ever paid for severalbaskets. Commenting on this theFrankfort State Journal of Tuesdaysays:"In Kentucky 100 pounds of tobaccohas sold for ?150. Paris was the market. This is, no doubt, the highestprice paid for tobacco since the Spanish Government during the early occupancy of the Phillipines, maintained amolopoly in tobacco and sold it atwhat prices the Government decidedupon regardless of the cost of production. This has been the golden year fortobacco planters in Kentucky. Upon afew acres some growers nave made a3much as farmers in other lines havemade on 100 acres. The hard times oifive or six v'cars ago are not forgottenand the contrast is striking. It showsthat there are tirues when the law ofsupply and demand is the supreme lawgoverning the price of commodities.Tobacco could not be kept down byany conceivable combination thisyear."g EDW. BURKE PresidentH. S- CAYWOOD, Vice-Pre.JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerISm9DirectorsEDW. BURKE H. S. CAYWOOD ROBT. E. BEATTYSAM CLAY A. L. STEPHENSON LUTHER STIVERSJAS. CALDWELL J. L. DENTONA. B. HANCOCKD. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSCD. WILSON S. R. BURRISW. M. ROGERSBeauty CulturistI Oitxaii luuug, iu. J.1JLU nevuuwuStreet, Paris, Ky., a graduate of TheMoler College of Beauty Culture, oCincinnati, offers her services in Manicuring, Hair Dressing and SanitaryI Treatments. If called will be pleasedI to wait on ladies at tiieir homes.I Cumberland Phone 618. (9-4t)EAT BIG MEALS! NOSOUR, ACID STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GAS"Pape's Diapepsin" Is Quickest, Surest Stomach Relief Known.Try It!For Rent.Two rooms on Main street, betweeaEighth and Ninth. Furnished or unfurnished. Conveniences, centrally loicated. Apply to(9-3t) MISS NANNIE KELLER.Notice to Water Consumers."Water accounts are rendered for'quarter from January to April 1, and;raust be paid at the office of the ParisWater Company in fifteen days, or water will bo shut off. Parties desiringto do so can .pay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.i (12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Public SaleOFBourbon Co. FarmPuruant to the power to sell andreinvest the property herein describod expressly conferred upon me bythe will of my mother, Mrs. ElizabethB. Ranck, of record in the office ofthe Clerk of the Bourbon. Count--Gourt,in will Book T, page 253, Iwill, onAdministrator's SaleOF 'LIVE STOCKANDHousehold Furniture!Time it! Pape's Diapepsin willsweeten a sour, gassy or out-of-orderstomach within five minutes.I If your meals don't fit comfortably,1 or what you eat lies like a lump of leadin your sto)nach, or if you have heari-iburn, that is usually a sign of acidityof the stomach.Get from your pharmacist a fiftey-i cent case of Pape's Diapepsin and takea dose just as soon as you can. Therewill be no sour risings, no belching ofundigested food mixed with acid, nostomach gas or heartburn, fullness orheavy feeling in the stomach, nausea,debilitating headaches or dizziness.This will all go, and, besides, there.will be no sour food left over in thestomach to poison your breath withnauseous odors.Pape's Diapepsin helps to neutralizethe excessive acid in the stomachwhich is causing the food fermentationand preventing proper digestion.Relief in five minutes is waiting foryou at any drug store.These large fifty-cent cases containenough "Pape's Diapepsin" to usuallykeep the entire family free from stomach acidity and its symptoms of indigestion, dyspepsia, sourness, gasesi heartburn, and headache, for manymonths. It belongs in your home.(adv.As administrator of Wn. Ardery, Iwill sell at public auction at the Ardery place, on the Ardery pike, threemiles west of Millersburg, Ky., onGONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLThat draggy, listless, oppressed feelin e eenerallv results from constipation. The intestines are clogged andj the blood becomes poisoned. Relievetliis condition at once with Dr. King'sJ New Life Pills; this gentle, non-grip-iincrlaxative is aulckly effective. Ajdose at bedtime will make you feelbrighter in the morning. Get a Dottle, to-day at your Druggist, 25c.FIRST TEST OF THEANTI-PASS LAW.Saturday, Feb.17,1917, Tuesdayt FebrBary 2o, 191,at the court house door in Paris,Kentucky, at about the hour of 11-'clock a, m., expose to .public saletie following lands lying in Bourbon.County, Kentucky, and fronting on theHawkins & Cummins Turnpike about7 miles from Paris:About 39 acres of land, subject tosurvey, fronting on said turnpike, adjoining J. H. Bell on the nortli andvest and D. M. Frederickson and William Sageser on the south and said"turnpike on the easLTERMS.Said sale will be inade for onethird cash, payable March 1, 1917,when deed will be delivered, balancein one and two years from March J,1317, with, interest from date, payableannually. For any further informationinquire of my attorneys, Talbott A:"Whitley.MRS. ELEANOR M. WILLIAMS.IE. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Feb6-9-13-16)beginning at ten o'clock a. m., diefollowing:2 ihorses ;1 10-year-old mare;2 Jersey cows with calves;2 good Jersey cows, fresh soon;2 red cows;3 black cows;2 black yearling heifers;2 Jersey yearling heifers;6 steer calves;3 heifer calves;1 2-year-old steer;1 black poll bull;75 barrels white corn in crib inNovember;Some hay and fodder;Some houshold furniture.TERMS Made known on day ofS3.1cSAM ARDERY,, Administrator of Wm. Ardery,R. F. D. No. 5, Paris, Ky.C. E. VanHook, Auctioneer.(9-13-16)PUBLIC SALEOFSplendid Bourbon County FarmOne That will Produce the Crop That WillBring the Money, ,The first test of the anti-pass lawhas been decided in favor of two passholders, James A. Murray and GuyBarrett, of Frankfort, by Judge Stoutin the Franklin Circuit Court. Bothplaintiffs had given the KentuckyTraction &. Tertminal Company a right-of-way, and in partial considerationthey were given perpetual passesWhen the law went into effect thecomnanv notified them that it wouldhave to cancel the passes and theybroujdit suit to compel the continuance of the passes in force on theground that the State is forbidden bthe Federal constitution or a contracThe company had no interest in thematter further than avoiding prosecution for violating the law, but willappeal.SOMETHING GOOD.Those who hate nasty medicineshould try Chaftiberlian's Tablets forconstipation. They are pleasant totake and their effect is so agreeableand so natural that you will not realize that it has been .produced by amedicine. Obtainable everywhere.I will sell to the highest bidder, onSaturday, February 17th, 1917,t, i r m nVinek. at the Court House door, in Paria, Ky., my farm of 292Sres ti ?Bhn rpike?4miles from Paris, 14 miles from Lexington,d Sles from Hutchison Station, on the L. &,N. raUroad. Farm has on2T IrSd rPRidence of 7 rooms, and has only been built a few years. HasmJX& "S2SST fine ciTem at door, and is in a beautiful location, inTtae STtwo good toba-cco bams on the place, will hold 18 acres.p of Sebacco bams and good stock barn with 10 box stalls, are nearly? New douWecorn crib with metal roof; meat house, carriage house,oT'hcS ana an outbuildings. 'Good tenant house of 5 rooms. Farm i.-wall water with good springs, ponds and running water.TWs Lrm is in one of the best sections of the county, the land lays,1 L SISr limp waste land It has been used as a thoroughbred horserrmTorVelriy 'forfyTearsa it Is one of the richest farms in BourbonUThere is some virgin soil, with much old blue 'graw sod that hasn'tVwirw orer the place, or Mr. Gravitt, wholives on thffann, will be glad to show it to you at any time.1 eTERMS--Liberal and made known-on day o aale. ' v ' ' Paris. Ky.You Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.E aBBBBBBWMIfcgfcigX..-jijuLju- Ji 'BEtI 4A beautiful line of Garlantfs on display. Com In ami lok them vtr.ParisGasS Electric Co.he BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.Holds All Records 1Season's Average 3,768,600 pounds sold for $ 18.20Croo Averages lMrs' P' L Dimmi" & Cy $ 3203Crop Averages jFerguson & Neal $ 29.87Floor Average 90,400 pounds Average $ 22.03High Basket Dimmitt & Coy $113.00Where Averages are BetterDay After DayWE INVITE COMPARISON!S FEBRUARY 11917iTHEmaINDEPENDENTTOBACCO WAREBOUSECO.PARIS, KENTUCKYBREAKS All Records For To-bacco SalesSeason's Average $18.55 .RecordsFloor Average... $24.09 per hundredCrop Average -....:...... $36.13 per hundredTwo Baskets $150.00 per hundredIf you want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.- CHAS. C.CLARKE, Manager.if- i,;;VG0: D. PEAKK?'Actioner.VfiMfriftttflfciiiMMmM" i , mmCJi-fts-PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, rKBRUARYII, HITM'f7"- -'f!&f,W..tj.4jnyI.If'i'l1VI.---w-,&&:"fV'..MILLERSBURGe-MIDWINTER CEREMONIAL SESSION OLEIKA TEMPLE.Miss Rice, of Hutchison, is a guestof her sister, Mrs. F. E. Peterson.Miss Eldiva Saunders, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. A. S. Miller.Mrs. O. M. Johnson is spending amonth "with friends at Wichita FallsTexas.Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Peterson have.mdved to'the home of Miss Margaret jCJarke from that of Mrs. Alex Butler iMisses "Lola P. Craven, of LittleRock, and Edmonia Prather, of Lexington, are guests of Misses Margaretand Stella Craven.The Twentieth Century Club ofMillersburg. will hold an exhibition of.two hundred art pictures loaned themHONOR ROLL FIFTH MONTH' PARIS CITY SCHOOLS.Tihe Midwinter Ceremonial Sessionof Olekia Temple, Shriners, will beheld at the- Masonic Temple in Lexington, at 2:00 p. m., on Thursday,February 22. The exercises will begin at 1:30 p. m., and will end with areception and dance in the main auditorium of the Masonic Temple.The announc(oient of Illustrious Potentate Roger V. Harp, is a decidedlyunique one, reading as follows:"Nobles:"Behold the time of year ap,proacheFwhen the Ctfiiel Carriers, Pyramid Pilferers, Sand Shifters, Incense Burners, Oasis Lbafers, and all others ofthe True Faith shall gather in theMosque of Olcika Temple situate inthe Oasis of Lexington, Desert of Kentucky, and having left their Sandalsin the Outer Corridors of the Mosque,Ruth Payne &0, Joe Collier 90, CharlesCook 02, Wendell Reading 92.B FIRST GRADE.Coleman Burns 91, Ruby Ca'ble 90,Lucile Hibler 91, Laura Chappell 90,I Elizabeth Collier 91, Ella D. Fant 90,Katie Irvine 92, Eleanor Isgrig 91, IdaMunich 90, Gladis Quinn 90, Thelma !Thomas 91, John Bower 91, EngeneChambers 91, Noah Hinton 91, JuliaiiHowe 91, William Marshall 91, EdwardShort 91.GRADE 1A.Katie Saunders 97, Willie Frye 9G,Christine Snapp 94, L. J. Judy 93, Graham Ewalt 93, Burdette Saunders 93,Emma Frederick 91, Lucille Butler 91,GRADE IB.Thenosha McCord 95, Frances Hill93, Marica Rowland 96, Alma Neal 91,Margaret English 96, Jessie Herrin 9i,Louise Banister 91, Elizabeth Douglass-i. i, T7.To Aft rnonv f RnQtnn " "ic VULVi v-w. - "? . yi. Aioerc myuie :u, uenevieve uucn-Mass at"theMillersburg College, or ahed their feet, trimmed their corns j cnbrode 90 .James La&Ln 95 KenneySrrnnipSrSiy B14. 15 iL .Williams 96, Louis Mulfinger 92. WiUjoiuv.uiun wL ua.Uiu..mfl ..u ....v .? iani Dennison uu, cranium uarier vz,snowing uicir wane mnis, sna.u eu yerijn Rose 92ter of Holy ot Holies, put a pmcai oiincense on the Sacred Fire, wink atthe goat, bump their domes of knowledge against the Prayer Rug, then proceed. Therefore, I, Roger .V. Harp,by virtue of authority vested in meas Illustrious Potentate of OlekiaTemple, have applied and received aSnetial Disnensation to hold a Cerea-nd 16.The home or Capt Rogers, onla.wson Hill was destroyed by fire-about 3 a. m. Sunday. The nous-with all its contents, was a completeJoss. About all that Mr. Rogers hadwas in this little house. No insurance.The fire originated frcJi a defectiveUue. Contributions of clothing andaooney was made up at all the churchof Sunday.GRADE 2A.Zona Ray I3, Peachie Purnice 92, Alzie Sowder 92, Robert Collier 93.GRADE 2B.Edwin Rico 95, Katie Elvove 92, William Anderson 94, Sam Hendricks 95.William Smith 95, Lelia Kiser 93, Jessie Irvine 95, Hattie Hubbard 90, Mil-GRADE 3A.Josephine Lapsley 97, Ann Talbolt96, Marie Bishop ,96, Gertrude Smel-ser 94, Will Lair 94, Dorothy Frey 93,Lucy Williams 92, Pearl Hith 91, CoraWilson 90, Mary Farrow 90. jGRADE 3B. iAllice Butler 96, Virginia Allen 93,!Josephine Jeil'ers 94, Rose May Can97, Dora Munson 94, Dorothy Peppb.93, Helen Roberts 93, Frances Taylor95, William Wilson 91,. William Yerkesj 92, Duke Payne 90, Wallingford Parker1 91. Anne Hairis 95 William' Lytle bO.Everett Hall 90, Mary Ashurst 91,Rebecca Collier 96.GRADE 4A.Pansy Burns 91, Dallis -Sly the 90,Ruth Coble 91, Frances Clark 93, Hellen Goldstein 93, Nell Hinton 90, Ermine Lykins 90, Louise Kirkpatrick 90,Clarence Mnllins 90, Eleanor Swango90, Eieanor Payne 90, EleanorPlummer 90, Elizabeth Mason 91.GRADE 4B.Harry Tucker 93, Lula May Christman 93, Lillian Taylor 92, Henry Sandusky 92, Robert Thompson 92, HomerStone 91, Maggie Carr 91.-omingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTuesdayBessie Lovein- ,,,-. nr T-t .i no irmonial Session on the twenty-second 'urea ureen ;.u, Eugene uuu&uu uu, n.,in,. r Pnhrnarv ini7 vprilv vp B. Hill 94. Edna Gardner 92, Paulinoers, bestir yourselves and bringthe Sacrificial Feast many victims.'Mr. O. E. Potts, while crossingthe Louisville & Nashville tracks inhis milk wagon, near the Hinkstonbridge Friday, had a narrow escapefnhi being seriously injured. MrPotts was coming to town to delivermilk. He was closed in this mil::'wagon, and did not see the engine o;,TRanslyVANIA GLEEan approaching train as it rounded UiH CLUB ENTERTAINScurve. Owing to the wind blowing at SCHOOL CHILDREN.the time he tailed to hear the engi-jDeer's signal with the whistle. Thej Tne "Crimson Ramblers," the crackhorse Qiad just passed safely over the- Glee lub 0f the Transylvania Unitrack, when the engine struck the versjty at Lexington, gave a most decagon, which was demolished. Mr. ijjrntfUi concert to the pupils of thePotts was thrown about twenty teet Public Sahool in the school au-wii hiietprs nn vmir hands and sand Douglas 90, Isabel Suggs yb,between your toes take a reef in the j Pees 91, John Koontz 92, Pitman Sanvoluminous folds of your baggy trous- dusky 92, Wendell Reading 93, Joe Co.-GRADE 5A.Emily Bratton 92, Sarah Myers 93,Anna Sauer 91, Thomas Spicer 93,Lucy Plummer 92, Martha Collier 94,Howard! Willis Tingle 92, Edna Burns 92, Carolyn WHmoth 94, Jane Harris 91, Finnell Mas tin 91.in the air. He was severely bruised.The horse was uninjured.ditcrium, Fridaygram comprised(morning. The proa wide range of into' Her 90, Chas Cook 92, Harvey Hill us,Myrtle Dunaway 92, Lucile Frederick91, Ruth Pajne 92, Katherine Towles90, Susan Howard 95.GRADE 3A.Josephine Lapsley 98, Ann C. Talbott 97, Will Lair 97, Marie Bisihop 93,Dorothv Frye 94, Cora L. Wilson 93Lucy Williams 93, Gertrude Smelser93, WilliBpn Hinton 93, Edward Delaney 91.GRADE 3B.Ben Redell 91. Duke Payne 90, Frances Taylor 95, Emogene Alexander 92,Helen Roberts 93, Virginia Allen 93,- BIRTHS.A handsale daughter was born a' wo L. m., Saturdaw to Dr. and Mrs;7. A. Gilkey, at Wieir home on Secondstreet The little one has been chrisi,Vned Harriet Oneida Gilkey.At the Good Samaritan Hospitalin Lexington, to the wife of Mr. Warren R. Fisher, editor of the CarlisleMercury, a son. christened WarreiKogers Fisher, Jr.GRADE 3B.Anne Harris 95, Rosa May Carr 95.Rebecca Collier 95, Josephine Jeffers95. William Yerkes 94, Dora MunsonRELIGIOUS.strumental and vocal selections, artib wsiilimrfnrd Parker 92. Dorothy Pentically rendered. The members of the por fl4j Alice BurLon 97, Everett HallClub were at their best, and one of Clifford P.agby 91.tnem reniarKeci: we iievur sang ui-i-teror played' better or had a more de-;lightful audience. Those cluluren sglad faces were an inspiration ii.tl.nnKnlni ' At llO nrtfl f) 11 C 1"W1 fifthe program a vote of thanks was ex- 92. Wlllia,m Wilson 94n nf Hip school on "'' iJr"" JjVIVM" ;'' " a j-II Ol Lilt- bLIIUUl Ull ,- Tr;n m TTUonnr Ulnm-Thursday night before in an ex- y-1- uillllv vll, ' iJ1,-4i"Wiand on Friday night n-r jl nn k atat the Christian . UIV"'.,U '" ,, . .it rr l. nr T uln riiriDtni'iliriinrnh in North Middletown Marry iu';m vo, um .iwou...Lhurcn m iorui iMiuaieion. , Lillian Taylor 92, Ruth Thompson'92! Ruth Loell 91, Henry Sandusky190, Thelma .King 90. Susie Leach 90.FAMOUS HUMORIST TO LECT- GRADE 5A.URE IN LEXINGTON.! yiolet Crowe 92, Carolyn Wilmoth'ill, Katherine Hendricks 92, Sarah"Luke McLuke" is ociming to Lex iiyers 94, Thomas Spicer 94. Irene Esington. J. Syme Hastings, the "Luke es 95 -ucy Plunmer 91, Martiha Col-1CL.UKC 01 tne tincinnau ruquuei, lipP nc Nellie Tingle 91, isaoene laiGRADE 5B.Louise Fisher 91, Roxie Fitzpatrick90, Deliah Florence 93, Edgar Hill, 95,Edna Rose 90.GRADE 6A.Nanette Arkle 93, Virginia Cahal 92,Marie Collier 91, Virginia Hancock 95,Margaret Hill 95, Bertha King 91, Kel:ler Larkin 93, Elizabeth Lilleston 90,Eddie Munich 91, Edward PatonJoe Smith 91, Elizabeth TaylorOllie Turner 92.'Sister of !Triangle Fine Arts.Chas. fV3urrayins7?Mack Sennett KeystoneComedy.WednesdayCharlie Chaplinin"The Rink"See everyone on skates.Pauline Frederickin"Ashes g! Embers"Soul-stirring drama byFamous Players.theHours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0s30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.f Sf3g o94,90.RaymondGRADE 6B.bowling 91.at thethecellent programgave a performancewihose writingsare reproduced mRev. "W. A. Hopkins of Lexington, hundreds of papers, will lecture onwho was called to the 'Paris Presby- "Corn-Feds" . at the Strand Theatre,terian church, and declined, has ac-Mr. Hastings will go on the lecturerented a call to the pastorate of the platform, February 23, and will appear.lamps Lees Presbvterian church at in Lexington under the auspicesLouisville,March 1.ofbott 91.GRADE 5B.Mary Corley 91, Lucile Chioley 91Louise Davis 90, Louise Fisher 90l.nrv Farrow 91. Delilah Florence 97nn. Rose 91. Mary Sandusky 91,snd will take charge on Ed. H. Anthony, another Cincinnati christjne gams 95, James Turner 90newspaper Juan.! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I ! ! ! ! ! ! I"tI' I ! 'I ! !' ! '! ! ! ! I 'I"I ! !' ! 'I' 't 'I' 'I' 'I 'I"I' 'I' ''VULCAN Sr PLOWurcEransvH'c, hi.A,T4r,v Made by The Vulcan Plow Co.,TRY THE Nxfc r1. EVULCAN SlUI MJ'IGRADE 7 A.Eva Ohappcll 90, Ann Duncan 9lRobert Hall 93, Jack Lair 92, FernStone 90, Hilda Taylor 90.GRADE 7B.Mae Tyree 93, Katherine Wallingford 92, Vollie Lykins 92, Louise Collier 9G, Morris Price 92.GRADE 3 A.Geraldine Herrin 97. Alma Goldstein96. Mary Ellis 92. T. A. Hendricks 91,Marguerette Highland 90.GRADE SB.Raymond Sunnier 93, Elizabeth Stewart 91, Lillian Towler 90, Vernia Turpin 90, Elizabeth Wheeler 90.GRADE 9.Clara Hartley 91, Dorothy Tingle 90,Margarette Lavin 96, Catherine Brophy91, N. B. Wilson 92.GRADE 10.Thelma Squires 92, Alice Adair 93.Robert Lavin 92, Edna Snapp 91.Thelma WilliElns 91.GRADE 12.Esther Boatright 94, Albert Lavin 91,Maud Taylor 93, John Clay 90, FithianArkle 91, EthehHarper 91.ftp ':yThe Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the. edge ofthis talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce your earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem-the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.I The Soilliwesiern Mutual Life Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 201-202 First Nat'I BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.wWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draff.GRAPE 6 A-NaneHe Arkle 92, Virginia Cahal 94,Alarie Collier 91, Louise Combs 92, Virginia Hancock 96. Bertha Kin? 90, Keller Rankin 93, Elizabeth Lilleston 90.Eddie Munich 92. Ruby Munson 9.5,Edward Paton 95, Laura Smith 91. .TopSmith 94. Elizabeth Taylor 91, OllieTurner 93, Hueh Wheeler 91.GRADE 6B.KaVierino Florence 92. Raymond tX P.owlinKt92. Louise Wrietit su. unncsChristman 91, Raymond Stamler 91.GRADE 7A.Eva Chanpell 92, Ann Duncan 91.Robert Hall 93. .lack Lair 92, Fernn. n-i --, :.,. Tiilrof 09 T-Tilfin Ta'-lor 91.. GRADE 7B.l Mae Tvree 94, Katherine Wallins-' ford 95. Venessa Lykins 91, LouisePMiiior n4 Morris Price 91, CharlesPadgett 91, Beulah Quinn? Lnpds 90.RED91, AnnaCHEEP SRib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled ohinpiece, mlerlockeciPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide dgetChill. Iin Snoot Chill. Patented Erctension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider QxzzMly First, Frcc Second jFOR SALS BY "GRADE 8 A. .finfriwifw Mp.rrin 95. Alma Goldstein,H2, Margaret Highland 90.i . GRADE SB.Lillian Timler 95. Bessie Gilgord 92Lavin .93..UiBillGarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Si. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.Norhert Friedman 91.f i GRADE 9.X Hpna Clark 90. MargaretCatherine Brophy 91, Christine Heller$93, N. B. Wilson 94, Clara Hartley 93,; Dorothv Tingle 93.t GRADE 10.1 Thelma Squires 92. Alice Adair 93.' Foster Mitcihell 90. Kirtley Gregg 90.r?ir izwior 'in Walter Colbert 92, Calvert Wood 91, Rayiaiond Connell 9U.Irene Alexander 90.GRADE 11.Elizabeth Clark 92, Charles Kenney92. Robert Lavin 95, Lena Rose 90,IThelman Williams 94GRADE 12.El Esther Boatright -94, Albert Lavin;94, Maud Taylor 90, Preston White 90.Our Vulcanizing Department xis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated Garage. OPEN DAY AND NIGHT;HllllliitiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiHUMnHiHSf'TERM HONOR ROLL.B FIRST GRADE.Coleman Burns 91, Eleanor Isgrig 92,Ruby Cable 91, Lucile Kabler 91, Elizabeth Chappell 90, Vivian Smith 90,Julian Howe 91, Engene Chambers. 92,Martin Mann 91, Noah Hinton 92, William Marshall 91.GRADE 2B.Lelia Kiser 93, WMiani Anderson 93,Edwin K. Rice 94, William Smith 93,Sam Hendricks 95, If. B. Hill 91, JamesWilmotih 92, rifynau Sndusky 90, JohnKoontz 93, Jessie Irvine 94. KatieElvove 90, Eugene Dotson 91, Isab9llSugg- 93.GRADE 1A.Willie Frye 95, Katie Saunders 94,Christine Snapp 93, Burdette Saunders 92, David Blythe 92, Mary Mulfinger 91, L. J. Judy 91, Eennie Bratton 90.GRADE IB.Verlin Rose 92, Franklin Carter 92,Louis Mulfinger 92, Kenney Williams92, James Logan 91, Jessie Herrin 93,Martha Hall 92, Margaret English 91,Marcia Rowland 91, Frances Hill 90,Thenosha McCord 94, Earl Lawrence90.t GRADE 2A. .. Robert CoUier 93, LonaJ Ray 90, JeVel Farrow 90.GRADE 2B. 'Myrtle Wunway 93, Harry Hill 31,EAN SWBrings you the greatestbargain opportunity. Every department (men's, ladies 'and children's)SHOESAND RUBBERSoffers wonderful inducement in their efforts tounload before inventoryThe economical shopper will grasp this opportunitynow and by shoes for future as well as present needs,UGING1 !1 VuJ Jfor this sale means "economyVisit our store without fail, as space permit us tomention only a few of the hundreds of bargains thatawait you.f sju'aaT- t0ri-Vi'cnLadies' Dark Russia Calf Boots86.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values '---Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal button, S2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, 1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmedS1.50 values...$3.692.491.991.69.49.79Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, S6.00 values $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts'$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00 values -3 .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 4cLadies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionabla Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.PROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. 8c K, $1 O.OO and$12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALE PRICEBARParis' Greatest Shoe Store.C0HEM335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.i9mm4,drv