t. j - ' rf - Jti j r v; . jt v - - "!! -. . j . , ' i jAhm tfl -''Mmb' lit? ' . ' a 4fe -H J ffjvil m M'MW 1KI AirriBllKJ1'4rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRffiAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARES, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1917inc. DUUiiDUii ntvifp -. .;.. jg. . - . r- . iL. . x . 'NATIONAL DEFENSE COUNCILASKS' FOR HOME GUARDSMayor John T. Hinton is in re'ceipt of a letter from Mr. William jTertherly, Field Secretary of the National Council of Defense, from theheadquarters at New York, explaining parts of plans for the organization here of a Vigilance Corps,or Home GuardsIt is proposed tomake this organization a part of the not only leads the Paris market bynational planTf defense. It will ( a good margin, but is above the av-be the duty of the members of theerage of any markeCin the Blue-Vigilance Corps to co-operate with) grass. But for the wet, unmerchant-the Government in running down able condition of much of the to-every person suspected of disloyalty,and of collecting as much information as possible to place at the disposal of the Government as soon asit shall be called for.Mr. Tertherly announces that the .National Society is devoting its en-.tire time and resources to themediate detection and sequestration jUi. ail uioiujcu jiiutwx-auo, imiuuvuand pro-Germans. He says that inthis country there are several millionaliens representing Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, Turkey and Hungary, every one of wnom is a possible enemy. Unofficial t announcement has been made from Washington that the Government is nowabout to register the alien enemiesof America.Mr. Tetherley asks the Mayor totake the matter up with the peopleof Paris and urges that the formation of the Vigilance Corps be madeas a patriotic principle and a helpto the Government in running downthese millions who are constantly' plotting against peace and safetyof our country. They may be in ourmidst, for all we know, so the formation of this organization will become a matter of necessity.Tarts of the plan, as outlined byMr. Tertherly," provides for the callin fir of a meeting of ten prominentParis men, who are Known to beactive and loyal workers, who willform the nucleus of the VigilanceCorps. These will be provided witha list of every man in the community. From this list a series of records will be formed, each one beingmarked "Loyal," "Disloyal," "Doubtful," "Unknown," etc., according tohow .the committee regards hisstanding as a true American. -Thesewill be recanvassed from time totime, and suDnlemented in everywav possible. The list will serve asa, basis for all future war activitiesin this community, and after itsfinal revision will be placed in theho 0f fhe citv and county authorities, who .will appoint membersto keep a strict watch on suspecieaparties. "When the meeting is called theplan will be explained in full, andthe organization will be made per-nnn.TiPTlt-Newspaper reports sent broadcastover the country from Washingtontn n that there are tnree nundred thousand spies of foreign gov0Titc -n the: United States, andthat these people are daily collect-information of our defensiveinmeasures and forwarding that infor-mation to their home governments.We do not need traitors or spies mthis nmmtrv. and the sooner they,.. vinvoH nut nr iaiied or hung thebetter it will be for our own welfare.The man who can not respect andvTQtoot our nag ana our county "When placed on tne nouns im oaicnn' intimate tlace in our miasi,and we do not want him.tta IK &DON'T WASTE.-Anything you buy of us will heket and on wagons that will have-.not onlv useful, but servicauieChristmas presents and your moneywill not be wasted.THE J. T. HINTON CO.. 3 3 W5A SUITABLE GIFT FOR EITHERLADY OR GENT.Imported Japanese crepe mufflers,something entirely new for ladies orgentlemen, a beautiful Christmasfx"' MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE..' 1 IB SA NICE GIFT.Give a Flashlight 75 centsup.DAUGHERTY BROS.la0NLY ONE DELIVERY OF MAIL:- tu-ijax.- .To-dav 'being a legal holiday, theBarfs pJstofficf will observe theWl ?egSations. The general de-hUJlL T3sL m hP. onen from,11-30 to 12:30. The rural carrierswn malrp their usual trips, uu.there will be only one mail deliveryx a o o-TiAral collec-in tne city, au. ut e-tion No business whatever will betransacted in the money order, Postal savings and registry divisionsThe banks will be closed all day,as usual.TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.In the County Court Judge McMillan appointed the Peoples-DepositBank & Trust Co. as administratorof the estate of the late Mrs. ElizaSchwartz. The Trust Company qualified by furnishing bond in the sumof ?5,000, no security being requiredunder its charter. ,The Court also appointed wm. m.Wright as administrator or tuetate or tne iax.e iulB. 'o--Pniwv nf Millersburg. Mr. wnguualined bv SSng bond in. the.qualined &y Iurm.s'"11t ,c -a nai-isum of S3.000. Witn ui. " -rrley as surety. Saniora m. "'S. Allem and Jas: Burroughs were appointed to apprafce the estate.-nrr n.wn nullified as adminis- i -nr illAll Itrator of the wrtate-of BUen Carrick Ideceased, y CuKntehiB ooma ideceased y CuEniekinfc boad i'theTHE B0UKB0N TOBACCO WARE-HOUSE COMPANYWarns the Growers Against Bring:iner Unmerchantable Tobacco to Market.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousecompany nas sold to date 629,500pounds of tobacco, for $183,016.47,an average of $29.07, which averagebacco marketed, this average wouldhave been much better.theWe must, therefore.warnfarmers against bringing tobacco toiud-iJieL in bucn condition, ior mebuyers cannot buy it for the simplereason it will spoil on their hands,im-,Hang up your tobacco if necessary,bring it to market iu the right con-.w. v- j,. .. ,. jvv, i.m,n,ujand the whole market condition willlmyruve. iWith the compliments ofthe season, we are very truly yours,BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSEvuiuxx,By John T. Collins." teTHE TOBACCO MARKETSThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold 100,750 pounds for an averageof $25.25. Some of the crop averages at this house were as follows:Jonas Weil & Moon 2,365 pounds,average $33.20.Davis & Bell 2,240 pounds, average $29.95.Marr & Humphreys 340 pounds,average $39.06.Fisher & Maybrier 2,125 pounds,average $32.31.Woodford & Christopher 3,860pounds, average $28.31.Curtis & Caywood 3,180 pounds,average $2.8.17.Redmon & Wills 1,985 pounds, average $33.27 .Layson & Hall 2,250 pounds, average $30.52.Penn & Argo 4,455 pounds, average $30.72.Tobacco was in good condition forthe sales Friday, wnich marked theclose until after the holidays. TheNew Independent House sold atotal of 97,835 pounds for an average of $22.70. Some of the cropaverages were as follows:Haley & Talbott 3,975 pounds,average $24.93.Roseberry & Day 6,965 pounds,average $25.99.Thompson & Farley 5,495 pounds,J average $23.62." -Wheat & Current 1,890 pounds,average $33.84.N. G. Herrington 2,215 pounds,average $25.90.Russell Boardman 4,370 pounds,average $23.40.B. F. Hopkins 1,500 pounds, average $24.30. .Thompson. 'Burns & Dennis 4,58opounds, average $24.17Keller & Roberts 3,885 pounds,average $30.26.re market tookweek 0f from foura slump lastto six cents a. rmTirt dup. according to a state-I ment from a prominent tobaccohandler, to the condition of the weedMost 0f the tobaccohad beenbrought in wet and soggy, and as aresult, was not in good conditionfor selling.There is much tobacco on tne mar-to De renung ior lvu. uj. "catia6moulding.The sales at both houses will beresumed on Thursday, Dec. 27, withgopd floors of the weed promised.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousemanagers were feeling rather"perky" yesterday over the reportof supervisors of sales, which showed their -house to have outdone theLexington market by a margin oftwenty-three cents on the generalaverages to date. The Paris househad an average of $28.61, while Lexington fell behind with an averageof $28.38. Local men have all alongcontended that the Paris market isthe equal of Lexington in all respects and figures seem to prove it.i3 laKT7.W SPJRIES Oif UJUtUfcXlYiAOSAVINGS CLUB NOW BEADY. .. r - ,., oBe one ot tne nappy "uio .Christmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. You can starts cents or $5.00 and have a.nice check coming next ChristmasFAKMiaua& TRADERS'BANK.-IS IS 1S-WE HAVE IT.Xmas Jewelry we havethe goods. "House of Quality" SHIRE & FITHIAN.(dec4-tf)Si P9a JftiVIVIAN MARTIN INTHE SUNSET TRAIL" TO-DAY.Charming Vivian Martin, who recently created such a success m"Forbidden Paths" and "A Kiss forSusie," will be seen at the Alamomi 4-' n-nA rtrQTifl fnera House thisafternoon and night in the Para-l llKiLLIC- 0.1XV1 ... Mrmount photoplay, Ln ou""""rr. . ' . r. ' f ia wntTrail, a gnypiuB .j -and West, prepared ior the screen bytjii, moWp nx from the story byBeulah Marie Dix from the story byAlice Mclver.250T H0CHEAP.GOOD.BUT HOWcffB nuts ?. high. See ourhigh, ee'our'QUARREL ENDS INNEGRO.DEATH OFDuring a fight which took place inClaysville, negro suburb of Paris,Sunday afternoon between two ne- fc. Batterton, of Paris, has qualified Society for Bourbon county ended Saturday afternoon, it was uaftaieroes named Harrison Mackson and as a marksman, winnine: the coveted. InRf nio-ht -with n. tntnl nf a nno an- mouslv agreed that. th fhnrnnrt.Ed. Washington, Jackson was shottwice, once through the abdomenand once near the heart, by Wash-inirton.The two men became involved ina dispute Oover the possession of agun. Washington managed to se-cure possession of the weapon, a 38-caliber Smith & Wesson revolver,and fired the shots which resultedin the almost instant death of Jackcon.Chief of Police Link and CoronerRudolph Davis were immediatelynotified of the killing, and while enroute to Clavsville. vere met byWashinerton. who srave himself udsurrendered the weapon, with whichlne fining WttS UUILt. XltJ WHS titli-tillHe was takenin custody and placed in the Parisian -A long-bladed knife, which wasclaimed to have been found m thepossession of Jackson, was taken incnarge Dy uxiet juinK. wasmngtuuhaa nothing to say about the kill-ing.Coroner Davis impaneled a juryland held an inquest at the courthouse yesterday morning at eleveno'clock. The jury, after hearing thetestimony rendered a verdict in ac-cordance with the facts in the caseas brought out.The verdict of the Coroner's 'jurycomposed of J. Will Thomas, fore-man, John Chism, John t. Meages,Frank Clay, Thos. Taul and S. S.Ardery, was to the effect that theshooting was done in self-defense,the evidence tending to show Jackson the aggressor. Washington wasdischarged from custody.im Ea isSUBSTANTTAL GIFTS.Something suitable andsubstantial in Christmas giftsfor every member of thefamily. Rockers, Rugs Van-ity Dressers, otoves, Desks,navrtc ni;ffnn;orcDressing Tables, Toy Furniture for the children, etc.See us first.j: M. WHEELER & CO.,x Robneel Building.Q IS ISGAS PRESSURE SUFEERElkTEMPORARY SUSPENSION.Mrs. Mary H. Adair, formerly otAnxious inquiries besieged the Paris, fell at the home of her daughoffice of the Paris Gas & Electric ter, Mrs'. Katie Adair Apperson, inCompany yesterday morning, when a Mt. Sterling. Saturday, and sus-sudden lessening of the gas pressure sained injuries, her hip being fracgave rise to apprehension. The tured. Mrs. Adair is the mother oftrouble was caused by a slight break the late Mr. Albert C. Adair, ofin a pipe near the Paris Cemetery,which necessitated shutting off thegas until .repairs could be made.WE KNOW HWTHE STORE WITH THECHRISTMAS SPIRITMITCHELL & BLAKEM0REWhere usefeufl and sensible gifts, combined with exceptional economy are tobe found.( Appropriate, GiftsFor the Father (Brother or SweetheartYou will find at our store sifts that willplease and be appreciated by the oneswho receive them. We suggest any ofthe following presents which you willfind to be within reach of your purse:Wardrohe . Trunks for ladiesor GentlemenSuit CasesTraveling Bags iBath RobesSmoking JacketsSilk Shirts ,Sweater CoatsSweater VestsSilk SoxInitial HandkerchiefsEid GlovesjX - .iet Your Christmasmakp vnnrfrSpnH hannv also hvselect-Ins his gift from our store.MITRHFII aM 1WII I.AMIItelMLOCAL U. S. MARINE SCORES ASx , MARKSMANSince donning the uniform of asea-soldier on May 9th last, Bishopmedal and' an increase of pay. Hewon his spurs at the recent PortRoyal. S. C. shooting trials, afterexnerts had nut hinr and fellowmarines thrugh a series of trainingat vthe various island camps,During this training the-men aretaught the fine points and the'-mood" of the Springfield "30," sothat by the time the range is reach-ed they thoroughly understand therifle. Then follow lessons in the artbf maintaining the corect shooting ipositions and tne judging ot Qis-jL.tance, each man being coached by anindividual instructor. This personaltutelage creates a keener interestamong the men, experts say.IUUllg JDO.Lt.ei IAJU, wuu 10 cv ouu vj-Benjamin A. Batterton, of Paris, en-listed in the Marine corps at uincm-'nati, Ohio.1S3 fe B3n-Aw UNFORTUNATE HOUSEHOLD.-pat misfortunes never or rarelyever-come singly is a confirmed be-lief in home of Mr. and Mrs.ames l. Day, of near Paris. Someme ag0 while coming to church inpar5S the horse Mr. and Mrs. Daywere driving fell dead, and they hadto secure other means of transpor-tation in order to reach Paris. Afew weeks ago their vehicle collidedwh an automobile on Main streetiri paris Mr. and Mrs. Day were.thrown out, and sustained seriousinjuries, Mr. Day's arm being broken. Last Saturday Mrs. Day fellon the icy sidewalk while shoppingin Paris and broke the large bonein her right wrist. She was removedto her home and a physician summoned. Now, Mr. Day is wonderingwhat will happen next.USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL.Furniture, rugs, vacuum sweep--. SSSSSTBhStrSSwe have them.the j. t. hinton co.- 3 2JUST OPENED.Just opened a fresh barrel of NewOrleans Molasses,(x) C. P. COOK & CO.?3 3 IBFORMER PARIS WOMAN INJURED-BY-FALL.Paris. Owing to her advanced age,her physician is apprehensive of thelesults of the fall.Combination Set of Tie, Soxand HandkerchiefsCrepe de Chene Handkerchiefs Traveling SetsShaving SetsHandsome Neckwear, 50c to$2.50Japanese Silk and Crepe deChine Mufflers for Gen-tlemen and ladiesCollar Bags- -be a happy one anaafflmvRlflkFMflRFTHE RED CROSS DRtVE SCORESBIG SUCCESS.The big drive for a membership of3,400 in the American Red Crosscording to reports submitted by theCampaign Committee. jThe committee and all the workersdesire to extend a hearty vote ofthajiks to the people of Paris and ter of Claiborne and Ellerslie stixtarBourbon county for the courtesy they presided at the meeting. Chaa. T.extended to the Red Cross represen- Grainger, of Louisville," a membertatives. iof the State Racing Commission umLAdditions to the Honor Roll yes- president of the New Louisvilleterday were as follows: Miss Letitia s Jockey Club, was temporary chairClay; Shire & Fithian; Ed. Turner, , man. until Mr. Hancock was elected.7; H. S. Caywood; Joseph Leach, 7;Silas Bedford, 7; James Rodd, 25; i& N. Mechanical Department,47; Thos. W. Spicer, 7; Home Tele- On notion of those present thephone Co., 10; Murphy & Henry, 4; chairman was directed to appoint atChas. A. Meng, 4; Wm. Brown, Sr., la committee of five, of which hef North Middletown Woman's Club, ' should be a member, to set the40; Mrs. Dickerson's Bible Class, 50; amount to be given by the horaeParis Ice Co., Paris Milling Co., j men to devise a plan of raising it.Mitchell & Blakemore, First Na- j The committee vas appointed as fol-tional Bank; R. P. Walsh; Natnaniows: John Hachmeister, Chas. JP.Bayless, Sr., 7; W. Ed. Tucker, 8.The following letter of appreciation was received last night by THENEWS:"Paris, Ky., Dec. 24, 1917."BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.:"The slogan, 'It Pays to Advertise,' has again been very clearlydemonstrated to the Red Cross Membership Committee."We are sure that our successwas due in no small measure to thegenerous amount of space given inyour columns to out campaign, andwe wish to expressi our thanks foryour courtesy and generous support."Wishing THE NEWS, with allmy heart, a happy Christmas and aprosperous New Year, I am,"Very cordially yours,"SUNETTE PAYNE,"Manager Red Cross Campaign Compaign Committee."3 isa mTOYS, TOYS.See our window display ofToys and all kinds of ToyFurniture, Dolls, Trunks, etc.,for the children.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robnl Building3 1E3 IS 'DEATH ANGEL BUSY AMONGCOLORED PEOPLE.. . The grim reaper Death, has beenbusyJ among colored residents ofParis in the past few days, as wellas with others who formerly residedhere.A message from Portsmouth, Oj,to Police Chief Link told of thedeath there of Dewey Anderson, colored, formerly of Paris. Andersonwas formerly a waiter at the Wind-isor Hotel, in ParisHis mother re-sides here.Ma.eririe Freeman, a former teacnerin the Western High School, the colored school of Paris, died last weekaCWest Palm Beach, Florida. Shewas a half-sister of Wm. (Buck)Freeman, formerly of Paris.Ora Lee Johnson, wife of JasperJohnson, Louisville & Nashville porter, died of intestinal trouble at herhome on Brooks street, in Paris, Friday. Brit Herrington, known to almosteverybody in Paris, died at his homein Lylesville, near Paris, Fridaymorning, of a complication of diseases. ,a jsa mTO INTERN EVERY ATIEN,HERE- IE NECESSARY.s Warning that if it becomes necessary to intern every enemy alien towin the war the Government willnot hesitate to act, was given byThomas G. McCarthy, United StatesMarshal, in an address in New Yorkto an audience composed chiefly ofGerman-Americans. He urged hishearers to carry the message to theirfriends,- "and tell them finally thatAmerica has never failed in anything she has undertaken.""A man with six or seven generations of America back of him mighthave a right to express a grievanceabout conditions here, he said, "buta man who comes here from a for-jeign shore ought to be so gratefulfor his liberty here that he should'go forth and cry this freedom fromI one ena oi iue iu.uu tu mo uii.IS fe l :ATTRACTIVE AD USEFUL CHRISTMASGIFTS.Victrolas, Kodaks, Everready Flashlights and Flexible Flyer Sleds atDAUGHERTY BROS.pa t iqTHE METHODIST CONGREGATIONRAISES PARSONAGE PUR-CHASE EUND.At the morning Rally Day serviceat the Methodist church Sunday, thecongregation raised the sum of $6,000 in cash and pledges for the general emergency fund. Of thisamount the sum of ?4',000 has beenset aside for the purchase of theresidence adjoining the church, nowoccupied by Dr. and Mrs. Chas. G.Paugherty. An option has also beeni taken on the livery stable propertyladioining the residence. Of the re-tmairider of the fund ?900 lis tqbe-I devoted' to payment or, an lmaeDiearVncz n. the nhnrchHQO "for'toci-' J',l dnue wil SCAa Will IkUUUM wJ t -'VV"' T ijt -AHAin, -maiakittarejNairsJto. &TURFMEN TO RAISE RED C10MFUND.At a meeting of prominent twrf-men of the State, held in LexisgtM,bred interests of the State sbottldraise the sum of $300,000 forAmerican Red Cross.tBMr. A. B. Hancock' of Paris.Thomas B. Cromwell, secretary ofthe Thoroughbred Horse Association,-was elected secretary of the meeting.Grainger, T. Hart Talbott, of ParianHal Price Headley "and A. B. Ha-;cock, of Paris.The committee went into immediate session and made the followingreport: "Your committee recommends thatthe thoroughbred interests of Kentucky pledge themselves to raise anidonate to the American Red Croaithrough State Racing Commissionduring the year 1918 the sum of$30,0,000." It also recommended'the appointment of a committee towork out a plan of raising themoney composed of T. Hart Talbott, J. H. Morris, John Hachmeister, Charles H. Berryman, CateebyWoodford, Charles F. Grainger, Matt,T. Winn, Harvey Meyers, 'T. C. McDowell, J. E. Madden, J. C Milam, "J. 0. Keene, A. B. Hancock and HalPrice Headley.How this money is to be raised isto be devised by a committee otfourteen appointed at this meeting.It is expected that all the ownersand breeders of thoroughbreds, theowners and managers of tracks ia,this State, trainers and jockeysstable employes and employes of tietracks will contribute to the fuad.The money will be given throughtthe State Racing Commission. 'Si "eg "THE CHRISTMAS STORE.A wonderful display ofChristmas goods is beinjshown at our store. Something for every member ofthe family from the little totto the grandparent See ourwindow display for gifts totthe children. -E.M. WHEELER & CO., vx Robneel Building.- im mTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Lots of things that get into the-'papers are scouted by readers othe supposition that they were jutfigments of the newspaper man'simagination. But a conversationthat took place in the Paris postofficeyesterday morning was of the "realljrhappened kind.' It can be vouchedfor by several reputable businessmen who heard it.Two pretty Paris girls, who probably had not seen each other for aslong as two days, met by accidentat the general delivery window, amfafter the usual greetings, one oC,them became confidential."Elizabeth told me that you toMNher that secret I told you not to tellher," she mourned."Oh, isn't she just the meaacetthing," gasped the other girl. "Way,I told her not to tell you!""Well," replied the first: speaker," -I-told her I wouldn't tell you shetold me so don't tell her I did."And, vowing eternal silence, theypurchased their stamps and movedaway, while Postmaster Payne amthe spectators grinned being mere-,men!m m tLOOK HEBE. H0USE-KEEPEJL3AND LOVERS OP GOOD THINGSNothing better or more appetiaing than our delicious home-madecakes and pies.A'HEARN & BURTON BAKERY; -PLAYER ROLLS.We have just receivedbeautiful selection of Player, -PianoRolls. Ideal Christmas Gists. - -x DAUGHERTY BROS.fcxi "MARGUERITE CLAEK DT "BAB!"DIARY" T0-M0BB0W.Winsome Marguerite Clark will ap- .pear to-morrow afternoon "and sight'at the Alamo Theatre and Parte -Grand Opera House, in "Bab's .Diarys," the first film versiom otthefamous "Sub-Deb" stories whicha-"u eared in the Saturday, EresftafcPost, and were written by Miry-;Roberts Reinhart. There ,rtJftbe -be several fascinating ifSub-Dek"stories; each complete in itself) be- -ingtaken from the original diary oC- -"BabTEACHERS GET GBKKfVChecks afr.tiaa-i,3W weregi-eaTout-at theof Miar'ifabelI TOtKi. aUiiiiiw, jymmjSekoete, ta-tae Vt3F-troV -.'Jis'-AiVtV'f'ifvr "hohreh..r. T, v,V"', -.:- ,PAGE TWO& ';cS ."- SUC4L THE BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS, KY.sTBIJ, DCCSMBBK 25M17.4It; 'lItrtvf,v; ):-ir.vvM BOURBON NEWSa&Ished 188135 Yaara of Continuous Publication.biished Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... 12.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W!FT Cr:AMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon tliecharacter, standing or reputation otny person; firm or corporation whichaay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfiimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Christmas Atmosphere.Among all evenings in the year,and all the days, there Is no otherevening like the Christmas eve, no"other day like Christmas day.Whether the eve and the day bedark and stormy, or still and fair,does not matter. The difference isnot in the weather or the seasons, butin that more subtle atmospherewhich, from generation to generationthrough all the centuries has been-our inheritance from the firstChristmas eve and a day when a new'born babe sent its walling cry fromthe manger of Bethlehem.The world looks different throughthis Christmas atmosphere. However festive or sad tne occasion,Tiowever gay or gloomy the streetsmay be, whatever may be the surroundings, the Christmas feeling isthere. .No one may say just wherein it lies. It is like an unseen halothat glorifies and maites holy everygood thought and impulse, while itreveals in darker relief whatever istragic, unworthy, or, vicious. A greatdisaster on Christmas eve or dayshocks us as it does at no other season; a great joy comes in mat sweetraiment of gladness that only Christmas brings. Through nineteen centuries has this light lingered aroundthe hearts of men, and through allthose ages it has not grown dim.Year after year slips by and is added to the past. But with eachChristmas eve and day our homesand our highways arc once more filled with the old, sweet joy the halofrom that' star which rose over Bethlehem. By steam, by rail, by sail, and bywhatever mode a man may travel,men and women scurry over the faceof the earth at this season, towardswhatever spot they know as home.In Tuscany villages, in the Germanmountains, on "the plains of Greece,in Sicilly, on the bleak Russiansteppes, in the barren Scandinaviantowns, in all those old world places'that have sent their quota of wageearners to America, the land of goldand promise, women and childrenare awaiting the home-coming ofthe wanderers. Their waitings andlongings wil not be in xain.Christmas stands for love aiid forcharity, for hope and for joy at thefruition of that long-made promiseof, the prophet of the coming of onewho should bring peace and goodwill to earth; so the churches holdtheir services and the people congregate to join in singing or to listento the rendition of carols, some ofwhich have come down 'from theearly ages of the church. The children have their Christmas treats, andthey are the very merriest of themerry in their participation in these-annual school festivities.eais'GLOVES POR SWIMMERS.A native of the Hawaiian. Islandslias invented a webbed glove for usein swimming which is said to increase the speed and ease of theswimmer enormo'usly. The glove iswebbed like a duck's foot betweenthe fingers, so that a great increasev of bearing surface against the wateris secured On every stroke. If thav stroke used is the over-arm, the recovery is of course through the air,but even, if an under-water recoy-eryis used, the glover is so arrangedrkt the web collapses and .there islittle additional back-pressure oSELF-INJURY FROM LYINGVicious Habit Makes It Difficult for;the Prevaricator to Succeed In an iHonest Undertaking.Lying c6mes not of aggressive;shrewdness, but of cowardice and of a1shallow cunning that Is often treacherous and tricks the lie into transparency. It is not the danger of being foundout by others that is most to bedreaded; far more dreadful is it thatthe liar must know himself to be aliar, the Christian Herald says.'Tis self-respect suffers the leavenin him loses strength and leaves himdead dough.xne cunning time leuus u ijiuga rot that must permeate the wholecharacter and make a man uncertainof himself. It distorts his perspective,obscures his vision, and warps hiscomprehension. The habit of misrepresentation leads to misconception, thejudgment becomes as erratic as thetongue, and there results the manwho "couldn't tel the truth if he wanted to."Nothing so shakes the confidence ofone's friends as known lying dores;nothing so shatters one's own self-confidenceas does lying, whether knomto others or not.The cowardice that fathers lying increases with the lie. Fear of detection joins -with self-contempt in making the liar a greater coward than before. One lie calls for another in itsdefense.Soon a tangled web spun of falsehood makes it all the harder for 'theliar to succeed in even an honest undertaking. His lies are a chain andball upon his foot. They are beam inhis eye and a weight on his heart. Heflounders along, most ofVhis energy being required to overcome the impediment, while the truthful man easilyoutstrips him.The lying cheat in the "Vicar ofWakefield," who was always swindlingeverybody, died in jail for debt whilehis honest neighbor, who was swindleda thousand times, steadily prosperedand died rich and respected. Fiction,eh? Well, it is immortal as fiction, because it is fact the world over.HAVE A CHEERY DINING ROOMGloomy Surroundings Prompt HastyEating and May Be Responsiblefor Many Cases of Dyspepsia.Few home-builders realize the importance of the dining room. Too frequently it is placed in some convenient corner, light and outlook beingsacrificed for the benefit of otherrooms. It is true that in a small cottage a dining room may be omitted.This may be necessary in order to giveadded space to the living room. It isbetter to have either an alcove off thekitchen or make a combined living anddining room than to provide both without proper size or ventilation. But ahouse of large or medium size shouldhave a separate diningroom, writesDorothy Verrill Yates, Mn People'sHome Journal.The first requisite for a dining roomIs sunlight. Many a case of dyspepsiaprobably comes from dining in gloomysurroundings which create hasty eating. One's meals should be served ina pleasant room Willi a pleasant atmosphere. This is as necessary tohealth as the proper observance ofrules of diet.The ideal dining-room exposure issoutheast, and it should have all thewindows possible, and as charming anoutlook as can be arranged. The dayIs much better started in sunshinethan in shadow, and with a view of arose-covered trellis or a floweringhedge, instead of an ugly fence or"yard."Ssa Otters.Some of the habits of the sea otteraVe very interesting. For example, anotter always swims on his back, histail serving as a rudder and his headslightly raised so that by looking overhis shoulder he can shape his course.When about to dive, however, he turnson his stomach, remaining in that position while under water, but" changingagain on coming to the top, writes Edward E. Martin, in St. Nicholas. Swimming a few feet below the surface, anotter very much resembles a sailor inhis oilskins. An amusing story is toldof a tourist fisherman who, seeing oneof these animals swimming in thismanner, hurried ashore and related awonderful tale about having -seen asailor man, apparently drowned, yetswimming with all the vigor of life sixor seven feet under water; and who,when he, thinking the man might bealive, rowed to his assistance, wentdown and stayed down. The fishermanwould not believe it when told that itwas probably a sea otter, and he returned immediately to his Easternhome convinced he had received a supernatural "warning of some dire calamity about to happen.Are You a Superior Person?A professor of psychology announcedto his class somewhat humorously oneday that he should propound a problem by "means of which each membercould prove to his own satisfactionwhether or not he was a superior person. The average person, he explained,never works it out ; only the person ofsuperior practical ability succeeds.Here is the problem, as propounded bythe Youth's Companion :A man has two pails, one of whichholds exactly five quarts and the otherexactly three quarts. He is sent to theriver to bring back exactly sevenqufirts of water, no more, no less. Withonly, the five-quart pail and tne threequart pu Low can he measure exactlyseven quarts? Can you solve it?here FOR ITGifts That Are ADuroDriate and Willbe Appreciated May Be Poundby Patronizing Any of theAdvertisers in ThisColumn.THE BEST FRUIT CAKES.Order Streitman's Pruit Cakes ofus if you want the best,(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.JUST THE THING tfOR A GIPTFOR A MAN.Men's fur7 cans and fnr linprtI gloves, an ideal present for Christ-mas.(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE..fca teNEW SERIES OP CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings v Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. Youcan startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.S IS 153KITCHEN CABINETSA handsome $28.00 solidoak kitchen cabinet only$24.00; get one:A. F. WHEELER & CO.5j jsjj g5jA PEW SUGGESTIONS. SUBSTANTIAL AND SUITABLE GIPTSBelow is a partial list of articles that would be most acceptableas Christmas gifts. Old Santa hasmadeheadquarters at" our store thisyearX Read over the list:Buggy ' Robes, Foot Warmers,Wagons for the children, Sleds,Toy Autos, Irish Mails, Dandy JimSulkies, Guns, Ammunition, Harness, Hardware, Stoves, Ranges,Sporting Goods, etc. Any of -thesearticles would be suitable forChristmas gifts,(tf) FARMERS SUPPLY CO. 'BEiaHAVE A CHRISTMAS SAVINGACCOUNT.Don't be without somespendingStart a-money next Christmas.Chnstmas Saving account NOW.Our new series starts this week.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &.TRUST COMPANY.1-3 3NOVELTIES.Up-to-date novelties in"Jewelry. "House of Quality."SHIRE & FITHIAN.(dec4-tf) i13 Jag 1r-iHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.HAVE -CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over $'10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toleceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)llj 2 JE2CHRISTMAS GOODS THAT WEREBOUGHT RIGHT:Christmas shoppers this year aretrying to save money. ' Those whoare wise will take advantage of thefollowing information: Jas. E. Craven has just returned from Cincinnati, where he bought a car load ofgood things for his holiday trade.Mr. Craven has told us that hasbought more than ever before, consequently bought his goods right.I And by being on the ground got thebest, picked it out and sent it home.If you want the best Oranges, Bananas, Grape Fruit, Figs, Nuts,Dates, Candies, both in the bulk orbox, see him. Buy from Craven andget the best at the cheapest price,(x) JAS.-E. CRAVEN.------ 2 I.!...! W& -----MAKE HIM COMFORTABLE: BUYSUITABLE GIPTGive him a bath robe or smokingjacket for his Christmas gift,(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE..1E3 teBARGAIN PRICES: CHRISTMASGOODIES CHEAP.We have a large stock of Christmas goods that we are going, to sellcheap: Candies, 20 to 60 cents perpound; nuts, 25 cents per pound;oranges 30 to 60 cents per dozen;bananas, 30 cents per dozen.(x) GRANT OWSLEY.aLARGE ASSORTMENT OP CANDIES. We have avery large assortmentpf the best bulk and box candies.Let us have your Christmas order.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.HSi t3 R3NEW SERIES OP CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with" us to-dayin our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.la 1BROADWAY VENUS WITH TRIANGLE. Virginia Foltz, well-known inmusical comedy and at one' timehailed as the girl with the best figure qn Broadway, has been cast foran important role in the new' Triangle play, "Evidence." Miss Foltz jX.3 ..1. n..J., -. 1 !1in "Madam Sherry," andLittle. BoyBlue 'in "B-lbes of Toyland' She isthe daughter , of Clara ilhortridge,Poltz a welr-known Lps' -Angelesclub., woman and suffrageelfchfr; -mPRESIDENrS 0ESSAGE. "Let there be no misunderstanding. Our present and immediatetask "is to win the war, and nothingshall turn us aside from it until itis accomplished. Every power andresource we possess, whether of men,of money, or of material, is beingdeveloped and will continue to bedevoted to that purpose until It isachieved."We shall regard the war as wononly when the German people saytous, through properly accreditedrepresentatives, that they are readyto agjree to a settlement based uponjustice and reparation of the wrongstheir rulers have done. ""When this intolerable thing, thisGerman power, is, indeed, defeatedand the time come that we can discuss peace when the German people have spoken whose words wecan believe and when those spokesmen are ready in the name of theirpeople to accept the common judgment of the nations as to what shallhenceforth Je the basis of law andof covenant for the life of the worldwe shall be willing and glad topay the full price for peace and payit ungrudgingly. We know whatthat price will be. It will be full,impartial justice justice done atevery point and to every nation that"the final settlement must affect ourenemines as well as our friends."E-5 E-3 IE!PREDICTS ELECTION OP BOURBON MAN AS SPEAKER.That Hon. Claude M. Thomas, otParis, will be elected Speaker of thelower house at the next General Assembly of Kentucky when it convenes in F"rankfort in January, isthe prediction being freely made bypoliticians.Mr. Thomas has been making avery active campaign among theRepresentatives in the State, and itis aid he has positive assurancesthat he will be the choice of thatbody. While in the Senate Mr.Thomas was a staunch supporter ofthe county unit bill, and he willhave behind him the solid supportof the local option and prohibitionforces of the State.Among the latest adherents ofMr. Thomas is Representative-electJohn W. Swope, of Clark county,who has announced his support ofMr. Thomas against his opponent,Mr. Robt. L. Crowe, of Lagrange.?sa pa paPAPER CLOTHES.Germany has1 been experimentingextensively with paper clothes, following aji old practice of the Japanese in applying the paper to thisuse, but without much success.Latest reports haveit that while paper is impractical for the chief garments of the Teutons they are findingit satisfactory m certain minor capa6ities, notably in the manufactureof belts and suspenders. In thebelts it serves as a substitute forleather, which is even scarcer thancloth. The paper for this "purposeis braided into fine strands, andthese are combined into a flat plaitfor the finished article. The beltsare said to be very strong.JE3 1 toPACKING PISH.A new machine has been introduced into the salmon canneries ofthe Northwest, which does the workof fifty men. -All the processes ofcleaning, splitting and removing thefins of the fish aie performed by themachine automatically, and it canhandle sixty fish a minute. It is adjustable to fish of almost any size.At the instance of the United StatesBureau of Fisheries, the salmon canners are planniug to pack greyfishin the slack peiiods between salmonluns, and it is expected that thenew machine will prove successful inhandling the greyfish as well as thesalmon.Magazine Agency,I will receive subscriptions to tirollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sladies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman. Cosmopolitan.""Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for 2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MRS. O. P. CARTER, JR.Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Professional Cards.WML GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402. 'FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.1ROOMS 403r404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHQNE 136.CMAL'BBOS.BARBER SHOPv.Prompt" and Courteous Attention toPatrons. vPROM THENotice to StockholderThe stockholders of'the First National Bank, of Paris, Ky., will meetat their banking house on Tuesday,January 8, 1918, between the hourof 9:00 a. m. and 3:j00 p. .m.f toelect directors for the ensuing yearW. W. HALEY, President.4-td)Notice ft StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at thelrbanking house on Monday, January7, 1918, between the hours of 9 a,m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.4-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their' bankinghouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.4-td) 7Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to four hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikes, In terurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to 'orchardgrass. alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlyrouth resistant For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumlx Phonee 35-J and 37-W.(novl6-tf)See Us FirstBefore Buying 'YourHolidayNeedsA NICE LINE OFTOYSNice Mixed Candyper pound. . '. -.-.- 1 S,cFancy Chocolate Dropsper pound 25cNew Mixed Nutsper pound 22cChewing Gum3 packages for T OcSpecial Prices on Dates,Figs, RaisinsOitron, Etc.BusyBeeCashSioreYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRngeldA beautiful lint of Garlands on dlfrlay. Coma In an Jaalc tham ovtr.FarisGasr&HectrioCo.ll--wHi-!lBH(liIHHMiMMI1 --HIu9---- IflHHSEsi-T -i j2--HAy-B-H-r?f-ri-&A - Ls-3n! lost Reward.IA regard will be paid for tke rsturn of the Black Silk Sweater thatwas taken from the hat rack atCrosdale's Inn last week. Th garment was marked and can-.be lientiled by owner at a glance. Leavaat BOURBON NEWS office. v'Ix-TB. FHome For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's paageii.ger run being changed from Paria tQLexington and Cincinnati necessitateing a removal to Lexington, I deeirtto dispose of my residvnee at the cor-ner of Main and Second streets, laParis, at private saleThin is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches:large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a flrst-clas3home and will be a bargain for taspurchaser. Tt is in nrst-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12 b Main Street.Notice to the Public !I lave taken over alL the prescriptions of Dr. Milton J. Stern, and amprepared, to promptly repair brokenglasses from the orginial prescription. ' MISS THERESE STERN,fl8-3t) At The Fair Store.FOR RENT.My property on Eighth street.Same is suitable for small grocerystore, meat shop and residence.Contains 3 rooms and basement.Large back yard and outbuildings.Apply to(tf) B. J. BRANNON.iNotice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their oankinghouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year. .FRANK. P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.4-td)HereA Bargain!For Fifteen' Days This Letof Staple Groceries For$3.Makes a fine Christmas Gift.Order one early.2 pounds Granulated Sugar.2. pounds pure lard.2 pounds good Rice.2 pounds ..White Beans.12 pounds best Flour.1 pounds best Coffee.2 boxes Macarona.2 boxes Matches.1 can best Syrup.2' cans best Corn.1 can, best Baking Powder-2 bars- Lenox Soap.3S.0Q .vMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWILMOTH'SNEW BARREL OFaAUTJUST OPENEDAFRESH BARRELOFSORGHUMJUST RECEIVEDDILL PICKLESWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phbhe'37&Isj,w'"wV -'oK." 'f-31tit j ' mmvm4 v r& ' J&?t 'Av:yrTUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, HIT,h r:THE BOURBON NfiWSTPAltlS, Kf4rIJjsV .-11GOOD SAMAEITAH HOSPITAL TOINCREASE JNTJRSE CLASS.Beginning in January the GoodSamaritan Hospital, at Lexington,will increase its number of girls intraining for nurses by ten. This isheing done ih order that young women who desire may start training,the government having given noticethat the supply of nurses is entirelyinadequate to meet the demands ofwar service.Mrs. Shelby Harbison, chairmanof the Fayette county branch of the"Woman's Committee, Council of National Defense, has received a number of requests for information onwar work from young women, someof whom have indicated that theydesire to take up nursing.A plan is on foot to have speakersfrom the committee visit the schoolsand tell the young women of the opportunities for service in the profession as nurses. The plan is not totake the girls from school, but topoint out to them a way wherebythey can serve in the event they desire to leave school.Tss m lsaSTOMACH TROUBLE AND CONSTIPATION. Those who are afflicted withstomach trouble and constipationshould read the following: "I havenever found anything so good forftomach trouble and constipation asChamberlain's Tablets. I have usedthem off and on now for the pasttwo years. They not only regulatethe action of the bowels but stimulate the lrver and keep one's bodyin a healthy condition," writesMrs. Benjamin Hooper, Auburn,2sT. Y.(adv--dec)la is m -"IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE IN THENEWS.Mr. Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee, has been running ax "reader"in THE NEWS, calling for farmersto bring in their country produce,etc., to his place.Yesterday Mr. Weckesser sent amessenge to THE NEWS with arequest to withdraw the reader- frompublication, as he had received somany responses that his store wasoverrun with country produce.It pays to advertise in- THENEWS! .la 5 T2iCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHREMEDY.This is not only one of the bestand most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds and croup, but is alsopleasant and safe to take, which Isimportant when medicine must begiven to children. Many mothershave given 'it their unqualified- endorsement. .(adr-dec)WHERE NO MOVIES HAVE BEENjiiADEJack Dillon, who is directing Olive. n i4-..i- imiiiiia "t .ITU-Thomas in ner laicsi- cmwi'' , r;ousine Life," adapted from Ida M.Evans' magazine story ui tuc "aname, was filming some scenes atNorwalk, one of the oldest towns inSouthern California. "It was thefirst picture they had ever seenmade at Norfolk," declares Dillon,and the first day I spent in theirmidst they must have declared alegal holiday for the entire population appeared to he lined up towatch us work. The truant officer,or "hookey cop" as we called himwhen I went to school, had a busytime rounding Tip the school childrenfor they preferred watching the"movie actors to v doing their sums.Dr.Wm.RileyFranklinOPTOMETRISTPractice Limited to the Correction off Defective VisionBy Properly Fitted Lenses.E. TENN. PHONE No. 7Call Made to Any Part ofCity or County.520 Main St. Paris, Ky.nrtreo(''Z2ffl&2&LJFVllllf W.V ,.i.Vzxf"'mi.ijwiwwmttTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnace,won't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from .us. ,Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.Tfct Homo af Goad CoalCHEER INEVERY STOREThcEnterprjsing Paris Errns Men;tioned Below. Have Preparedto HelD You in YourChristmas Shopping:SANTA'S ADVICEBuy the boy a bicycle; $11 up.(x) DATJGHERTY BROS.OLD SANTA'S7 HEADQUARTERSOld Santa Claus has made hisheadquarters at our store and hasbrought everything here to delightthe children let the little folks takea look. Wagons, Autos, Sleds,Sporting Goods, Rifles, Irish Mails,Drums, Skates, etc.; useful gifts,too, such as Robes, Foot Warmers,Heaters, Ranges, Buggies, Robes,Guns, Ammunition, etc.(tf) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.S 5 1THE HOUSE OF QUALITYBracelet Watches, LaVailfers, all styles and prices..'House of Quality."SHIRE & FITHIAN.(dec4-tf)B3 to m ,QPEN NIGHTSTo accommodate our customers' we will be open everynight until Chris tmaslx A, F. WHEELER & CO.U3 1SS feHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.HAVE 'CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)fe fe feA GARLAND HEATERTHE TRICK.IS JUSTWhy worry about what to buyfor a Christmas gift. You need agas heater any way. Buy one formother's Christmas gift. The wholefamily will enjoy and get the benefit of it, too. When it comes toheaters, a Garland settles the argument. We have a large stock of allsizes.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(x) (Incorporated.)te fe teLAST YEAR'S PRICES.Fire works at last year's prices,at(14-4t) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.1 153LOOK HERE. HOUSE-KEEPERSAND LOVERS OF GOOD THINGSNothing better or more appetizing than our delicious home-madecakes and pies.A'HEARN & BURTON BAKERY.SOMETHING NICE. A HANDSOMEAND APPROPRIATE GUT.Ladies' silk hose and Adlers'wash kid gloves, an appropriateChristmas gift for her.(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE..THE PLACE -TO BUY CHRISTMASGOODIES.Box and bulk candies, fruits,dates, raisins, nuts, etc. Everythinggood for the children. Candies 20to 60 cents. Nuts 2 5c, pound, oranges 30 to 60 cents dozen. Bananas 30 cents dozerit Let me fillyour order and I will . save youmoney,(x) GRANT OWSLEY.jq m a-T-ASSORTMENT OF ICED CAKES ATGROSCHE'S BAKERY.Large lineChristmas,(x)of iced cakes forH. J. GROSCHE.&. n Aii m tMtacacAiia rw360 ARTICLES 360 ILLUSTRATIONSBETTERTHANEVER15c a copyYrtyM Sl.SOISlaBBaaBBBBaaVSBBMaii ' 1 19 i fc -.SwTaaaaTaa)iBBV.vGaa83pt24iBBBanMJHSaaaalHtralBaifimiHllUlli IBMHife.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL, jComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. W. A. Wallen, of Owenton,is a guest of Mr, and Mrs. ClarenceAshurst.Mr. A. W. Cottingham is "athome from Philadelphiafor the holiday sesaon.Miss Ruth Orr is .at home fromschool at Russellville, Ky., to spendthe Christmas holidays.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore leftSunday for Umatilla, Florida, to remain for the rest of the winter.Miss Henrietta Arnold is aguest of her sister, Mrs. Earl Smithand Mr. Smith, at Simpsonville, inShelby county.Mr. Roy Eubanks of KansasCity, Mo., is here to spend the Christmas holidays with his mother, Mrs.Geo. W. Wyatt.Mr. Otis Dalzell and mother,Mrs. Laura Dalzell, of this city,have gone to Eustis. Florida, tospend the winter months.Miss Elizabeth Kenney, ofGeorgetown College, is at home forme xioiiaays as guesi oi ner parents,Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kenney.Mr. Jeff C. Elgin is at homefrom 'somewhere on the road" tospend the Christmas holidays withhis mother, Mrs. Annie Elgin.Mr. F. C. Newcome has gone tohis old home at Charlottesville, N.C, to spend the Christmas holidayswith his father, Mr. E. F. Newcome.Mr. and .Mrs. Clark Wilson, ofFindlay, Ohio, are guests of Mr.Wilson's parents, Mr. and Mrs. DavidT. Wilson, of Houston avenue, forthe holidays.Rev. and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard have returned from a visit toMrs. Sharrard's mother, Mrs. Margaret Griffith, ' near Broadwell, inHarrison county.Judge .E. B. January attendedthe meeting in Lexington of the ,Board of Control of x the I. O. O. F.Widows' and Orphans' Home, ofwhich he is a member.Dr. and Mrs. James A. Orr haveas guests for the holidays Mr. andMrs. C. M. McGhee, of Branden-berg, Ky., and Mr. and Mrs. E. E.Perry, of Sonora, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Hooker Stivers, ofCypress street, have as their guestsfor the holidays Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Kennedy and little son, ThomasKennedy, Jr., of Richniond.Corporal Brooks Woodford is athome from the army cantonment atCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, for a visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ben Woodford, near Paris.Mrs. J. Henry Butler has returned from a visit of two months"to her daughter, Mrs. J. MerritShobe, and Mr. Shobe, at Salem,New Jersey, and to relatives in Philadelphia. Sergt. Robt. M. Plessinger, ofCamp Zachary Taylor, was a guestthis week of his aunt, Mrs. GeorgeM. Rose. Sergt. Plessinger has beentransferred to arny service at FortHunt, Va.Misses Juliet Turner, of Hamilton, College, Lexington, and MaryKenney Webber, of Margaret College, Versailles, will spend the holidays -here at the homes of their parents, near Paris.Mrs. Louis Schiedemantle anddaughter, Miss Cordelia Schiedemantle, have returned to their home inParis, Texas, after a visit to her father, Mr. Thomas Owsley, and otherrelatives in this city.Miss Elsie Heller, of Maysville,and Misses Freida and Stella Heller,of Newport and Cincinnati, are athome for the holidays as guests oftheir parents, Mr. and Mrs. Phil. M.Heller, on Second street.Mr. James McClure, of the FirstNational Bank, has returned fromfrom Washington, D. C, where hewent to attend the wedding of hisson, -Mr. James Winn McClure, ofParis, to Miss Lemair Gillett Hill,of that city.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilson, ofnear North Middletown, have goneto Eagle Pass, Texas, to spend theChristmas holidays with their son,Mr. Sparks Wilson, who is a member of the Texas National Guard,stationed at that place.Mr Ben Orr, who i has been attending State University, at Lexington, came home Saturday fromKnoxville, Tenn., where he had beenas a delegate to the National Convention of the S. A. B. Mr. Orr willspend the Christmas holidays here.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Rieckel, ofCynthiana, are receiving the congratulations of their many friendsupon the celebration of the sixtythird anniversary of their wedding,which occurred in JParis in December, 1854. Mrs. Rieckel is a sister ofthe late Mrs. W. A. Hill, Sr., andMrs. Oliver Dudley, both of Paris,and Miss Mattie Hite, of Paris, nowresiding in Cincinnati.Invitations have been issued tosociety folks in this and surrounding cities to attend Central Kentucky's big Christmas Dance, whichwill be given in the Masonic Temple,in Paris, n Friday night, Decoember28. Messrs. Ireland "Bit" DavisBlair Varden are the prmotors.Hours will be from 8:30 p. m. to3:00 a. m. Music will be furnishedby the Garrett Saxophone Orchestra. This will be a $1.00 subscription dance, and like its predecessors, will be an enjoyable event.(Other Personals on Page 5.)THECUSTOM MALECORSET. ,BAECLEYEvery Barcley Corset is markedout and cut separately after eachorder is received, to the individualmeasurements "and figure requirements of each and every customer.The Barcley Corset manufacturersback up this guarantee with a checkfor $5,000.. I also sell a StandardCorset. Your choice of three stylesof wire bone,.also aluminum orv'alohn boning. v . V-MISS JELIZABETH HILL, -.'- Vi Sovth Main Stret.A -CumberJaAfd Phone.,'!!. 'WOULD CONNECT CHICAGO WITHNEW YORK. xThe Type Used In One Year to -Publish Endorsements of Doan'sKidney Pills. ,Of the many kidney remedies onthe market to-day, no one cither isrecommended like Doan's KidneyPills. Fifty thousand benefitted people gladly testify in the newspapersof their own towns. Forty-five hundred American newspapers publishthis home proof of Doan's merit. Thetype used in one year to tell thiswonderful story would make a? solidcolumn of metal twice as high asthe world's highest mountain. Placed end to end the' lines of type wouldleach from New York to Chicago.These miles of .good words told by50,000 tongues sound glad tidings toany Paris sufferer who wants relieffrom kidney and bladder ills. Here'ja Paris case. Don't experiment. Usethe remedy endorsed 'by people youknow.H. C. Hutchcraft, 1115 Main St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills off and on for many years withgood results. When I have sufferedfrom weakness of lameness across myback, Doan's Kidney Pills, procuredfrom the Ardery Drug Co. have neverfailed to relieve me of the complaint." Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Hutchcraft had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)3 "Pa EaALL BECAUSE THEY USED STIVERS FOR JITNEYS.Mai St. Clair, Triangle Keystonecomedian, is seriously consideringdonating his car to the Red Cross.The machine has 'proved a flivver, hesays. He pulled up to the curb onBroadway, Los -Angeles, last weekand two women promptly piled intothe back seat handing "Slim" anickel as they did so. "Slim" sayshe could stand for one little mistakelike that were it not for the factthat Walter MacNamara was ridingwith him at the time and was soinsulted that he hasn't spoken vtohim since.la m IS!CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith local applications, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem. Hall's Catarrh Medicinuwas prescribed by one of the bestphysicians in this country for years.It is composed of some of the "besttonics known, combined with someof the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh MedicineVis what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c. NHall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv-dec)sa EsNAME NOT ENOUGH. SO SHE ADDED FACE.Texas Guinan, Triangle favorite, !whose dressing room is the envy of!the studio, again showed her orig-finality. It is the custom for theplayersto have their names on their jdressing room doors, but it dton tseem original enough to Miss Guinanso she had an artist draw "the mapof Texas" on her door.isi im m .CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSChamberlain's.Tablets are intend-Jed esDecially for stomach troubles.biliousness and constipation, andhave met with much success in thetreatment of those diseases. Peoplewho nave suffered for years withstomach trouble and have been unable to obtain any permanent relief,have been completely cured by theSJiete are also of great value forbiliousness. Chronic constipationmay be permanently cured by takingChamberlain's Tablets and observing the plain printed directions witheach bottle.(adv-dec)REALMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.v When the time comes for ut to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices ronMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes, '. Etc, are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE !Twin Bros.Mi.McPHi.Kv..&1r zXSJr iii m ii ii -i ,-- -? - " JIHHMMiu. A. " k A,STOP! LOOK! READ!We Are Giving AwayAbsolutely Free, a HandsomeGRAPH0PH0NE,N With each dollar's worth of goods purchased at ourstore we give you one mysterious key. Whenall the keys are out we advertise -and call them in,and the one wholiolds the lucky key, will receive the fineMusic Cabinet valued at $200,00.Our Stock of Toys and Xmas Goodsis the Most Complete in the CityvAll of Which was Purchased 'Months Afo!Don't Forget that We HandleA Varied Assortment of-UNDERWEAR-For Ladies, Gentlemen and ChildrenOur CandyFresh and GoodEverything in Enameled Ware and China Ware.Household Necessities, Dry Goods and Notions.UASK FOR YOUR KEYPARIS RACKET STOREC. P. MANN, Proprietor.The Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.'1 ITelephoneNo. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.AILLEN ALLEN ADDS ANOTHERMEDAL.Allien Allen, Triangle-Keystone'sdiving champion, added anothermedal to her already well-stockedcollection last Sunday at OceanPark, California. Miss Allen againdemonstrated her right to thePacific Coast Championship by scoring 93 points out of a possible 100,eclipsing her former record. MissAllen now holds forty-seven medalsfor high and fancy diving and- haswon more championships this yearthan any other man or woman.ECONOMYClothing and'- " - mm-ui-zm- ri'r --T r1 " 1 1 r - - i n-iri n y - 1, ,W20c lb.ifWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OiFWMchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliancesv and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Being Sure of Heaven. "I would rather be a poor beggar'swife and be sure of heaven, thanqueen of all the world and stand indoubt thereof by reason of my ownconsent. Catherine of Aragon,AT HOKEDR. G. A. HINNEN4 West Seventh Street- Cincinnati. 0.A-Shoe Dept.-!. mmm :-- P- WAxysVNi -SyVy-A.vyrs.hti r",.,.. tf- , -,w7'-7 -- ' '-'s1V"'TPFSP"-?;w r -rfc'vv.rV'JL-.;VArA. -v,.4v .3 1.. - L " " ' "v, J JTHEB0UMON NfcWS, PAMS,Y.1117:71011011s''w!i5i w.- m." jv.jvmi y,ipr'4?r.- -i. - 'l- Vv ..-J ' .. ' I .Jh . -- . At I mi '...I'- " " . " -r a T TUB4DAI. I7SUKMJ9JBJC a,Br-I .-ffiCTColumbiaGrafonolaand Columbia RecordsvTrl " i 1 Hv I v l r HIVs. W t J i HIxL vx Jrl IJi HIliVhat price stall we payfor our pkonograpk?Don't try to answer tnat at home. Come here. Look at onemodel after another until you have seen the entire line. Theyare all exhibited lor your inspection. They'll be played for you.Listen to the $18 Grafonola. Listen to the $250 cabinet instrument and the models in between. That is the way to answerdie question, "What price shall we pay for our phonograph?Your visit here will be a welcome one. It is a Columbia policyto make such shopping as pleasant as intelligence and sympathycan make it.ARDERY DRUG GO,410 Main St. Both Phones 503;and Miss Pearl Dennison, and Mr. G.C. Thompson, Jr., and Miss MatildaJames, all of Paris. 'Christmas Services at Opera House."For we (club women) have alllearned together that to be successful is not to acquire but to bestow,not to be rich but to be strong; andthat an organization, like a nation,' Marriage licenses were issuedtakes rank not because of the things it week from the office of Countyit fashions with its spirit. Clerk Pearce Faton to Moess Lowe,"And may we continue to be per- Jr.f and Miss Julia J. Hall, and Mr.meated with a helpfulness to each j0hn Brooks and Miss Sallie Stanother, a charity toward all endeav- fti,i hnth nf this rmmtv. and Mr.J ors, and self-sacrifice in dividing our Russell Thornburg, of Indiana, andportions, nowever smaii, ana urns De Miss Nora A. McCord, of Flemingsanointed with the Sanctity of Ser- bUrrvice." Mary McDowell Lowndes.The Women's Clubs of Paris ar- ANNOUNCEMENTranged and presented a most attrac- Mr. and Mrs L D. Thompson antive service for the Christmas season n0Unce the engagement of theirand presented it on Sunday night. I daughter. Sarah Elizabeth, to Mr.Rev. Ellis of the Christian church, Lewis Hurshell Humble, of Somerset,HSH AND GAME COMMISSION HEPOET OF BUSINESS.VNEWS 01 WOMEN'S WOBKINTERESTING TO CLUB-WOMEN...MATRIMOOTAL.VMarriage licenses were issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton. to Wm. I. Jamesexplained the program, and thenmade a strong appeal for the RedCross.Any man or woman who sat within sound of his voice and listened tohis words unmoved must be indeedand in truth the living examplewho could answer "yes" to the question "Lives there a man with a soul sodead,Who never to himself hath said,This is my own, my nativeland."At the close of his talk, Rev.Combs, of the Methodist church,offered the invocation.Miss Patsy Clark and Miss HelenHutchcraft read several numbersbearing on the birth of our Lord and Jthe coming of the Magi. Both young jladies are especially gifted in this iKy. The wedding willearly in the new year.take placeKIMBRALL. MOORE.Miss Hezel Kimbrall and Mr. Richard G. Moore, both of Austerlitz; secured license here and were marriedat the home of the officiating minister, Rev. R. C Goldsmith, pastorof the Baptist church. Mr. andMrs. Moore will reside in Paris.STONE THOMAS.Miss Sarah Stone, youngest sister of Mrs. C. P. Bales, of Paris, wasmarried in Covington last week toDr. Hugh Franklin Thomas, a prominent dentist of Dayton, Ohio. Following the ceremony Dr. and Mrs.Thomas left for a bridal trip toCuba. On their return they will re-audience very great pleasureThe program was interspersedwith several numbers from the Victrola. Under the competent leadership ofMr. Boatright the united choirs ofall the churches rendered the Christmas music, with a spirit and enthusiasm that made it a joy to hear."It Came Upon a Midnight Clear,""Hark, the Herald Angels Sing,""Joy to the World," were some oftheir numbers. Only one quartettewas offered, and that exquisite, tender, touching little hymn, "O, HolyNight." It was beautifully renderedby Mrs. Edward Prichard, MissPlora Hill, Mr. Clay Sutherlandand Mr. Wallace Clark.There were eighteen picturesshown, depicting the infant Saviourand the Virgin Mother according, toSince that time a number of them S eacI1 artist's idea. Dutch, French,xave died. During the year 1911, j Italian and English art was repre153,000 quail were shipped from this sented. With each picture Mrs.State. Since the enactment and en-! Fanniebelle Sutherland gave a shortriAs in o V rt ii lc'vl Tirtrrti. yqti 1tt1 ,,3 1 J tt J J 4-1. OlUC 111. CU llOUUDUlllC U.l111 iuuutijriixi, duu uiiii ius uuiueu tufltted up by the groom at the cornerJ. Quincy Ward, executive agent forcement of the fish and game Tawsof the Fish and Game Commission, no quaii have 1)een shipped out offiled, his biennial report with Gov- Kentucky,ernor Stanley. It shows that dur-jins: the past two years 62.877.900 There were 3,000 arrests for vio-fish have been put into the streams lation of the fish and game laws combs then pronounced the benedicof Kentucky. In 1914 there were during the past two years and two- xion.500 Htingixlan partridges and in thirds of the arrests resulted in Tne house was full to overflowing.1915, 2,500 English ring neck pheas- conviction. During the same period Every seat was taken and manynts on the preserves in the State. 34,600 hunters' licenses were issued, standing during the entire program.explanation.The service closed with a Scripture reading by Mr. Goldsmith, ofthe Baptist church, and the singingof "America" by the audience. Mr.THANK YOU!This store has become great because you've made it soWe like to put the credit where it belongs'. And you'remaking it greater all the time THANK YOU AGAIN!A Merry Xmas to AllMay You Get What You Want and Wan't What You Get!of Fourth and Ludlow streets, inDayton. 'The bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. E. Stone, of Dayton,Ohio.yiMiiiiiiiiiiiiirtiniiiiiininiiiniiinniinill!-FRANK & CO. IThe Reliable StoreThis Store is Headquarters ForPractical and Useful GiftsPRACTICAL GIFTSOn Everybody's Christmas Tree.This is the first Christmas during the period ofthe war, and a tremendous influence brings to us arealization of the serious obligations of money andthe privilege of spending it wisely. Useful gifts will Xoe tne ruie wiin tnougnuui givers.tJUST RECEIVEDNEW AND PRACTICAL STYLES INLADIES' COATSModerately Priced- tTO HELP YOU GIVE ANDRECEIVE THE RIGHTPRESENTSFURSSUITSCOATSDRESSESWALSH'SSUITS AND OVERCOATSFor Men and Young MenVERY Walsh Suit and Overcoat has the "knack" of makinga man look well dressed. Every garment is a top-notcherwhen it comes to style, quality and price. Compare ourclothes with any higher priced clothes you know compare the stylecompare the tailoring compare the flinishings and watch themmake good!You are assured the snappiest creations in styles and patterns inclothes you will find in our store.theCome in and let us put a Suit or Overcoat on you that you will enjoywearing. r vEvery Suit and Overcoat Moderately Priced$1 2.50 to $35.00vXR. P. WALSHMain and 7thONE PRICE STOREParis, Ky..JAMES THOMPSON.The wedding of Miss MatildaJames, daughter of Mrs. MollieJames, of Paris, and Mr. G. C.Thompson, Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs.Albert S. Thompson, of near Paris,was solemnized Saturday afternoonat the home of the officiating minister, Rev. J. M. Maxon, formerlyPresident of Margaret College, inLouisville.They were accompanJed to Louisville by Miss Elizabeth Erown, Mr.and Mrs. Edward Spears, Mr. Alvin.Thompson and Mr. Hiram Roseberry.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Thompson left for a wedding trip,their destination not being given out.After January 1, they will be athome on a farm near Demopolis, Alabama, recently purchased by thegroom's father.The groom is one of the county'smost industrious and prominentyoung farmers, and a graduate ofthe University of Wisconsin. He hasbeen engaged in farming with hisfather on their fine place nearFaris.The bride is one of the handsomest and most charming of the younger of Paris siciety girls, and universally admired for her gracious manner and charming disposition. She isa graduate of Margaret College, inVersailles.Mr. and Mrs. Thompson have thegood wishes and hearty congratulations of a host of friends .in this andsurrounding cities.J lai isaB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsRa Sa laFIRE IN LEXINGTON UNION STATION: $1,000 DAMAGE.Fire in the new Union Station atLexington, said to have been causedly crossed wires did $1,000 damageat three o'clock, Friday morning,and disrupted the entire telephoneservice of the building. The causeof the Are was stated as being dueto the crossing of the high tensionwires and. the Louisville & Nashville telephone wires between Lexington, Cincinnati, Louisville andmountain section. Telephone connection with all the surrounding townswas cut off the central section ofthe dome of the Union Station' wasdamaged, and a large portion of theroof in the vicinity was burned. Atemporary telephone connection wasestablished with Louisville andParis. The building was heavily in-Bl Ffi IftFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas; Woodford & Bryan.LOTS OE GROCERY BARGAINS.Plenty of special bargains on groceries during the holidays.(l4-4t) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.m 1 mMUST GET NEW LICENSE.THE NEWS is requested by theauthorities to state that sportsmendesiring to hunt on New Year's Daywill have to get .a 1918 huntinglicense, as the 1917 license expireson December 31. The quail seasonlast twenty-four hours longer. Thelaw regarding the shooting of rabbitsis not so clear, but it is jthe generalbelief that the rabbit season expireson the same date, December 31.For Men, Women and Children:HANDKERCHIEFS HOSIERYGLOVES SUIT CASESTRUNKS VALISESFor the HouseholdTABLE LINEN NAPKINSBED SPREADS COMFORTSBLANKETS TOWELSToilet GoodsA FULL LINE OF PERFUMES, TOlLETWATERS AND POWDERSFor the Soldier BoysTOILET, COMFORT AND SERVING KITSof every description.FRANK & CO! jlHfHHHIim-HHH41MHHll Hi MM II HI M Mitp1frTVOriiiit4iif4i. -v -: mFOR THE.BLACK CAKE.Fresh ingredients for that blackcake: Citron, seeded and seedlessraisins, dates, shelled nuts, orangeand lemon peel, spices, etc.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.fe feHOLIDAY GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co., yourheadquarters for Holidaygifts.mmPUBLIC LIBRARY CLOSED.' -The Paris Public Library closed at.5:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon and,wui'icmaiiLMeu until aiier ine.-i;nrwt-eGRUEN- VERITHIN& WWTLET-WATCHESr Our WdtcA DepartmentWi--A ::.-P IIIKgrin-'-t W-.IThere is ObviousAdvantageIn choosing your gifts in this establishment, as the assortments areexceedingly comprehensive, andselections have been made of theMOST? ADVANCEDJEWELRYranging from the moderate in priceupward . to the highest rallies.COMEAND BE CONVINCEDTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.(Incorporated.)iit-J"K1'IIISRUENWATCHEi j.aJU ,::Wm1I.?.'--if.w,", V 'A-.-1I":K?j$Vr i:-r-y-V..-w YV - ft?.:.-u t...' Witi.Wi4 -Krs x. y.1-s. vj" p? o.' kW mmmmLttm .".' .Jj , ' -ifVii'W-7TtW?BCrfr&iW0f&zr pr&vc fl-"! Iw ,r;vs. ".w-v- 'r - - . sf-rv&'., Vv-' - .'&fi v X "Vler A ' ,T;;vy ' -4 j- j? ft") !) 3"V'KTUESDAY, DECEMBER 25,1$17.-v.t irac .OArmnnir irawc.. . a i :.. - M yfJaj.EviJjajDJCl JLJi tt o jtaius. m.x i5Vt.'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECHBISTMAS GREETINGS.We are sincerely glad it is once.more our privilege and pleasure togreet the readers and patrons ofTHE BOURBON NEWSv with acheery Christmas greeting. It seemsbut a few clays ago that we sent a.like message to you, and yet a yearfull of wondrous changes has flownhy. .To us no season of the yearawakens so much of tenderness andfellow-feeling toward all humanityas the glad Christmas time. It isnot only a time of well-wishing, hutkindly doing, with a vein of sympathy that would turn no one awayempty-handed, no word of love thatplight contribute to another's happiness. It is the fervent wish of THEBOURBON NEWS, expressed in nouncertain terms from every department, that your homes may bebright with Christmas cheer, thechildren of your household happy,and the great -wishes and hopes ofyour hearts be realized in abundant measure this Christmastide.To one and all, a Merry Christmas and a Happy New .Year, andmay your happiness be limited onlyby your capacity to enjoy it!1 !sa 1QUALITY STORE OPENNIGHTS.Our Jewelry Store will beopen every night until Christmas for the benefit of ourcustomers,x SHIRE & FITHIAN.ISl 1Q IBAUTO SALES.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.nuraiiBgs and Goings of OnrPeople Here, There andElsewhere.In zero weather folks stay homeUnless to business they must roamis. o week-end guest delights your. soulThe guest is busy shoveling coal.Aiid hence this column's weekly layOf "spent-the-night" and "spent-the-day,"Of "week-end-guests"awayand "wentIs quite de trop and eke passe,For folks won't journey thronesnowAnd we can'tyou know!journey through themake 'em go, you-"Mrs. Wm. H. "Pish pf io nnnnnlescing at her home on South Mainfcireet, alter a serious illness.Mrs. E. P. Clav. Jr arA ndren have moved from their farm toapartments at the Windsor -Hotel.Mrs. Robert Cain and childrenhave returned from a visit to hermother, Mrs. Wingate, in Frankfort.Mrs. Blanche Crawford has returned to her home in Mt. Vernonafter a visit to.Mr. and Mrs. ClydeHuffman.Miss Miriam Currey is spnedingthe Christmas holidays with her parents, Judge and Mrs. D. Lee Curry,in JiarroasDurg.Jrarmy. They will return to Chattanooga, Sunday.Mrs. William Cooper has asguest Mrs. Henry Junius, of JHarrodsburg. Mr. and Mrs. Whittington Mannare guests of friends in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mrs. Robert Bell has tenderedher resignation as teacher of theBethlehem school.Miss Carolyn Berry, of Hamilton College, is a guest of her" sister,Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, and Mr.Lowry, for the holidays. vMr. John Ardery, who has beenin 4shland for sweral months,came in Sunday to spend the holidays. Mrs. Lee Beale, formerly ofParis, who is now a resident of Danville, is a guest of Mrs. CandicefSmith.Mr. and Mrs. Alex T. Rice, Sr.,have as guests for the holidays Mr.Rice's sister, Mrs. Dudley McCormick, of Amarilla, Texas.A number of young friends gavea surprise party to Miss KatherineWills, Thursday night, the occasionbeing her fifteenth birthday.Mr. Edwin Th taas is at homefrom Centre College, at Danville, tospend the holidays with his father,Mr. Claude M. Thomas, near Paris.Mr. Fred Frendberg, formerly ofParis, who is now connected withthe civil engineering corps of theLouisville & Nashville, at Birmingham, Ala., arrived yesterday tow jrMr. and Mrs. Percy Reed, 0f pend the nolidays with friendsThe Goodwin-Field Motor Company, of Lexington, reports the saleof a Dodge Bros, roadster to Mr. Eddard Prichard, of Paris.1 TS feMASTER'S SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door forMaster Commsisioner Hinton, theBotkins farm, near Jones' CrossRoads, in this county, containing12.43 acres, to Aden Botkins, for$4,235.ARMY FLASH LIGHTS.Something new. Just thething for the soldiers in thetrenches and are essentialand useful elsewhere. Buyhim one for Xmas.x DAUGHERTY BROS.lHi 131 IBBOLLS. TOYS AND SUITABLECHBISTMAS GIFTS.Enormous stock moi dolls allkinds and prices toys of every description for the children. Beautiful Christmas gifts for the grownups. TWIN BROS. DEPT. STORE,(x) Seventh and Main.la m-THE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the weekheginning Sunday, Dec. 23, as sentout hy the Weather Bureau atWashington, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Light rain or snow first part ofweek; rising temperature; fair withseasonal temperature thereafter.BEST OP ALL.Would not you wife he delightedto find a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet in her kitchen Christmas morn?S1.00 "will put one there. Join ournew club. We gave one away lastSaturday.THE J. T. HINTON CO.COME AND SEE US. DAY TIME OBf AT NIGHT.We're open every night untilChristmas. m-TWIN BROS. CLOTHING STORE.(x) 4 wmmNEW YEABJS DANCE.Mr. John M. Stuart is promotingan Annual New Year's Dance, to begiven in the Masonic Temple, inParis, on Tuesday night, January 1.Music will be furnished for the occasion by Vito and his Novelty Orchestra, of Nashville, Tenn. Thehours will be from 9:00 p. m. to3:00 a. m. The dance will be a subscription affair, visitors beingcharged $1.25 (couple,) home boys,$2.50 (couple,) and chaperones, 50The net proceeds of the dancewill be donated to tha benefit of theSoldier's Tobacco Fund. Postal cardinvitations have been mailed out, towhich -a number of acceptances havealready beem received.1 m mOPEN tVCRY NIGHT.Our store will be openevery night from now untilChristmas.THE J. T. HINTON CO.HAVE TSAVmGS ACCOUNT.HAVE CASH HEXT CHBISTMASOurA new Christmas Savings Clubbas started. Be one of our manybappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out; over $10,000 worth ofthese check thte'week. Be one toreceive ackeck next 'year. Startth us t'-4ar. , yBOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TJttarr- oo; ' , c1Richmond, are guests for the Christmas holidays of Mrs. Reed's motherMrs. Mary A. Paton. 'Miss Eleanor Lytle left thismorning for Cincinnati to spend theholidays with her aunt, Mrs. HenryFunk, and Mr. Funk.Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulknerhave as guests for thb Christmas holidays Misses Nellie Marie Faulknerand Leach Powers, both of Ashland.Mr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss, Jr., arrived Saturday fromPensacola, Okla., to spend the holidays with relatives fn Paris and Mt.Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. John O'Brien, ofParis, Texas, are guests at the homeor Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Woodall, onSouth Main street, for the Christmas holidays.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne anddaughters, Misses Gay and RebeccaPayne, and Miss May Gorman leftSunday for St. Petersburg, Florida,to spend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Will Penn and Mr.and Mrs. Roy Penn and littledaughter, of Dayton, Ohio, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Penn, nearParis for the Christmas holidays.Miss Mattie Lilleston has arrived from Hawkinsville, Georgia,where she has heen teaching, tospend the Christmas holidays in thiscity with her sisters, Misses Blancheand Laura Lilleston, on Higginsavenue.Lieut, and Mrs. James WinnMcClure, who were married in Washington recently, arrived in Paris,Sunday, to spend the holidays withLieut. McClure's parents, Mr. andMrs. James McClure, Sr.Master James Metcalf, Jr., ishere from Knoxville, Tenn., to spendthe Chrstmas holidays with his father, Mr. James G. Metcalfe, of theLouisville & Nashville train dispatcher's office.A Chance of a Lifetime ForXMAS SHOPPERS!We are offering some wonderful bargains, andthe people who know will take advantage of this greatopportunity to save on their Christmas presents. Thisstore is tilled with articles that will make practical gifts.Miss Wood, trained .nurse, formerly of Paris, was a passenger onlilthe fast train which ran into the L. Bp. vr rw.,,3n4-; 4. j IPShepherdsville, last week. She luckily escaped injury.The following students arrivedyesterday to spend the Christmasholiday: Duke Brown from the University of Pennsylvania; StanleyDickson, from Centre College, atDanville, and John Price, from theUniversity of Kentucky.Mr. Madison Smoot has resignedhis position with the MontgomeryPerkins Contracting Co., at Hopkinsville, and will locate in Paris, havingaccepted a position as assistantticket agent at the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville &Nashville. Mr. Smoot had plannedto go to Oklahoma, January 1, onbusiness for the company, but decided to remain in Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3)A BIG SPECIAL; INCOATS$20.00 Coats at $14.98$25.00 Coats at 19.98$35. 00 J Coats at "... 27.50345.00 Coats at 37.50$50.00 Coats at j. 39.50MillineryToClose OutAtHALF PRICE!Wonderful Offerings inLadies9 Suits$20 and $25 Suits, at $14;98$30 and $35 Suits at 19.75$37.50 and $40 Suits at... 24.75$45 and $50 Suits at 37.5i$60 and $65 Suits at 47.5i Do Your Christmas Shopping Earlyj 0And Come Where You Can Make Big Savings!Very, Low PricesONMrs. Swift Champe returnedFriday night from a visit of severalweeks to Mrs. T. H. Iane, at Chestnut Hill, near Philadelphia,her stay in the East, Mrs.SIX O'CLOCK DINNER AT WIND.SOU HOTEL.was also the .guestNew York City.An elegant six o'clock Christmasdinner will be served at the HotelDuring Windsor to-night. A special .menuChampe has been prepared and a most sump-of friends inMrs. Wade H. Whitley, of Paris,who was operated on at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,last week! is reported as doing verywell, and will soon be able to returnto her home on Vine street.tious spread is promised those whoattend. (It)Wanted.ChristmasFursA good variety of Setsand Separate Pieces to'choose from.1YOUR CHANCE TO SAVEONWAISTS$1. 50 Waists at 98c$2.50 Waists at $1.98$3.00 Waists at 2.59$4.00 Waists at 3.48$6.00-Waists at 4.98$7.50 Waists at 6.4-8$9.00 Waists at 7.48A Large Assortment ofChristmasHandkerchiefsAt prices that are veryreasonable.HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllMAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KY.MAIN STREETPARIS, KY.WAgent For Munsing Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.Small family to take charge of ICounty Exchange. Widow with iMr. and Mrs. H. C. Goodman daughters preferred. Splendid oppor-,have moved from Maysville to Paris tunity to right parties,and have taken i apartments on PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TEL-Pleasant street. Mr. Goodman sue-1 EGRAPH CO.ceeds Mr. W. K. Clinkenbeard as! (Incorporated.)ticket agents at the Tenth street pas-'senger statino of the Louisville & mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmNashville. I - lThe annual Pan-Hellenic Dance DO lOU WCcM VlmSSeS!given by the fraternities of theUniversity of Kentucky, was one of lt s are you satisfied that theyithe delightful events of the past have been fitted to your eyes in aweek in Lexington. Among those in correct ana proper manner.'attendance fro,m Paris and Bourbon Have they given, your eyes thatcounty Were Misses Anna Louise relief which, you expected theyWhite, Marie Collins, Mary Adams would?Talbott and Mary Kenney Webber. Are your eye muscles followingtheir natural laws as they should doLieut. Harry Stivers, wife and with correctly fitted glasses?child, arrived yesterday from Chat-. Would you like my opinion?tanooga, Tenn., to spend the Christ-' I will give it to you willinglymas holidays with relatives in- Paris FREE OF CHARGE.and Georgetown. Lieut. Stivers was My system of eyesight testing hasrecently commissioned as Second no superior.Lieutenant in Civil Engineer's Re- DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,serve Corps of the United States 520 Main St., Paris, Ky.The Gift That Brings Him Closer Home,. Know how your boy lives in camrj how he trains how heplays what his surroundings are. Pictures will tell you thesefacts better than words. He can send such pictures regularly ifyou will give him an Ansco Vest-Pocket Camera.Five models; twelve equipments; pictures, 1k2lA ot2xA x3i inches. Small, compact, never inthe way, always ready to use. Prices, $7.50 to $56.Ask us to show you their efchiiive features.Brooks & Snapp Drwj Co.Paris, Kentuckyr- VFor Suitable, Ornamental, Usefuland DesirableXmas PresentsWe call your attention to the following articles, which we areshbwin in great abundance. Do your Christmas Shopping nowwhile our stock is fresh and complete. No mistake ffcan be madein giving nice furniture for presents.ut fi4SPINNET DESKSTEA WAGONS.1 DAVENPOBTS .ROCKERSEASY CHAIRSWRITING DESKSiTBRE FURNITUREMORRIS CHAIRS.- . BUGSCHIFFONIERSDRESSING TABLESDRESSEBSBBASS BEDSSERVING TBATSOEDAB CHESTSSHIRT WAIST B0XSPICTUBES vIEATHEB COUCHESEXTENSION TABLESSEBVING TABLESELECTBOUEBSSEWING TABLESIRON BEDS .OOSTUMEBSTABDINIEBSPEDESTALSGLOBE-WERNICKE CASESLIBRARY TABLESNUT BOWLSCANDLE STICKSGO-CABTSSCREENSHASSOCKSCOMFOBTS .TA-BEDS'"xvi9.jU'?,We Are Just Starting a McDougallCabinet ClubThe best Kitchen Cabinet on earth. Would your wife like to have one for herChristmas present? One dollar down and one dollar per week puts a McDougallto work in your kitchen.fM tt JPhllHfOn Vdocipedes, Doll Carts,I Or t,n5 VIIIIUi lIl Kitchen Cabinets, FlexibleFliers, Dining Tables, Doll BedsToy Sweepers, Automobiles, Chairs and Rockers.THEJ.T HINTON COMOTOR HEARSE-: v - v 'li " - : I.N, -i. " W f VMOXOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING.S mi'-Af'rfctAr'v.AifcV&Lv7. nV"y-v,vlt-i?3;flERRMONE36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.V fcJ' v -1 T- 1Vt-FfcN.x&x,- K u?r4 h f- -'J?"V,.' X.-"11?AGE SIX.THE BOIEfeON NEWS; PARISr KYJTUW5BAY, DBCUMBKlt 25, 1117.-4-VN.? ',ns(&''V4PARMDfG conditions.In one way the heavy snowfall has"been a blessing in disguise to thetanners, protecting their wheatTHIL SECEET OF SUCCESSFUL BOUKBOlTS ALLOTMENT IN WARBAKINGS. ' I SAYINGS STAMP CAMPAIGN.Many womenthat they can neverthVeentertainbecomeideathor-i A - "1 11 V.tA j u ZL 1 T.1 V , . l Jfaris ana isuuruuu uuuuiy win ueirauDum new auu cum weaiaer. ougmy goon cooks, rney may De called upon to subscribe $349,240. It was at the same time responsible perfectly able to prepare meats and in ie coming campaign for Warfor a cessation of many kinds of i vegetables properly. Still they make gavingS stamps The sum of $48irork on the farm which could not t a miserable failure X)f bakings. When o 00 000 has been apportioned to theTe carried on. I one gives the matter serious consid- state of Kentucky. The appoint-Water froze as soon as the air hit eration it becomes evident that the'ment 0f a county Chairman is exit, and getting enough for the stock fault rests more in faulty baking pected to be made this week, andcu uu.ua. uai n-ccpiug it ixj. nquiu jjuwuci uuitu y&reiess or uu.yuMAu.L u . then everything will be completed.xorui uulii tuey cuuiu. get enouga 10 Daitmg memuus. xnis must ue idrink became quite a problem. ' true. For it is a 'well-known fact 1When the '"hogs felt the cold they , that housewives who employ Caluwould huddle close together, the re-, met Baking Powder are highly sucsult being many smothered pigs. J cessful. They do not know theChickens roosting in trees froze to meaning of bake day failure. Evenfell from the limbs. girls who never before attempted toTobacco sales were over early in ' bake a cake a batch of doughnutsthe morning, owing to the extreme! biscuits or cookies employ Calucold and the difficulty of handling , met and turn out bakings that rivalithe weed. Several growrs found it those of experienced cooks, This ablmnossible to eet their crons to Paris ' solute deDendability of Calumet theover the blockaded roads in time tohave them prepared for the sales.The crop has begun to move againand sales will be held when circumstances warrant.The matter of stripping tobaccounfailing leavening force thatpmakes all women good bakers of biscuits and pastries has made Calumet the greatest seller of all BakingPowders more pounds being sold.than any other brand.Tias"been very difficult, ownig to! Cheap baking powders and highcold and the dry weather. The to- cost baking powders of low qualitybacco out of bulk was in many in- have proved to millions of houseThis will be a wonderful opportunity for the- people of Bourboncounty to show their patriotism andconfidence in the government byoversubscribing their allotment,as they did the two Liberty Loans.Everyone could not buy a LibertyBond, but anyone can buy some ofthe War Savings Stamps, their denomination being adapted to everypocketbook.The allotment throughout theState was made on a basis of $20per capita. The men in charge ofthe campaign think that no difficultywill be exeprienced in disposing ofthe stamps. The allotments forCentral Kentucky are as follows:Garrard, $237,800; Jessamine,$262,300; Madison, $658,620; Mercer, $281,280; Bath $279,760; Bourfrozen in the stripping , wives that no matter how good theg. BoylGf $365,j80; An-receipe -how great the care in prederson, $204,300; Breathitt, $397,-stancesrooms.reeu is repuneu wiy acinic witu.paaug ttiiu 1110.-5115 uoamg in6xcu.x-1 . piorlr S37R R90 TTnvpftp S51 -fodder selling at , forty cents per.ents results are uncertain unless a noft'R8ft. -piomin q9i qoV Pmnirshock, and hay $32 per ton. . Dairy sure baking powder is employed. I iAiRontedrnm 'S257cows are dry, owing to "scarcity of , Consequently these millions demand) lin' 4!lV' q $212020- Vontt"itieil ilLLL VViLLCl. tUUBCUUClli UUlk.Cl.ilUU UZG VQllllllC I. UClttUOV WJ. AJmilk and cream are high and scarce, every bake day dependability.Eggs -are at a premium and veryfew to be had at any price.Sa la )q' ALCOHOL ENGINES.is 1 isFARMERS' WEEK AT LEXINGTON. JAN. 29-FEB. 1A committee of Australian scientists is investigating: the' nossibilitiesof commercial alcohol in place of, prices prevail andcr&soline as a fuel for internal com- abroad in the land.bustion engines. They find that anjof years farming has been receivingensrine can easilv be run on alcohol. I more and more attention and now, inIiT'America this is the golden ageof farming this being especially trueof Kentucky. Good crops and goodprosperity isNFor a numberand that its thermal efficiency whenso run is somewhat higher than withgasoline fuel. However, they alsofind that alcohol must be far cheaper by the pound than gasoline, andthe face of the war we have realizedbetter than ever before the importance of doing om- best on ourfarnis.It is the farmer's duty to himselfsomewhat cheaner bv the nuarfc. if and to his country to do his best.it is to be as economical a fuel in II1 this connection, mention shouldterms of dollars and cents. More- be made of "Farmers' Week" to beover, an engine will not start from a ' held at the Agricultural College atcold, condition on alcohol. Lexington, January 29 to FebruaryIS 3 feSAVING GASOLINE.1. This will be a series of meetingsof various -farmers' and breeders'association of Kentucky. In additionI !- vnllotro tttiII tirnwido o tnnetf 1 L11C UiiC&c " jjiuiiuv u. xuuob 111-England has appointed a gasoline structive set of demonstrations andlectures that will be of great help tofarmers in their efforts to producemaximum crops next summer.There will be competitive showsof alfalfa, corn, dairy products andwomens' work.Eereybody is welcome. Every-director, under the title of petroleumexecutive, who supervises and controls all consumption of oil and gasoline. The use of pleasure cars withgasoline for fuel , has been largelydone away with, so that the dutiesof the petroleum executive consistlargely in enforcing the economical . body is free.consumption 01 gasoline ana on mindustrial and military matters. Hisoffice also includes a special division for research to develop moreeconomical methpds of consumption.PS mThe Gtrmams regard the victory-OYtr'Oie Itftfll&ns as a step nearerto peace, while the Allies regard itas prolonging the war.A great many letters which wereworth a two cent postage stamp willnot be thought worth while, at theIncreased postage rate.153 pa feMeasured by his accomplishments,which is the only test of merit, Gen.Von Mackensen is the greatest gen-, and vacant spaces is'ral of the war.$339,120; Woodford, $251,420.Pa Pa is 'CANCER AND SULPHUR.A Scotch physician has just completed an extensive series of researches into the incidence of cancerwhich led him to some novel conclusions. He finds that in Scotlandiand the Scotch islands, the percentage of (lancer is particularly high incoal-burning districts and low in thepeat-burning districts. There aresome exceptions to this rule, and inevery such case he finds that thepeat-burning district with a highdeath rate from cancer burns a peatwith a high percentage of sulphur.Thus he concludes that coals andpeats with a high sulphur contentas fuel have a direct connection withthe development of cancer.Baiais rTo Mend Marble Ornaments.To mend marble ornaments, plaster of Paris, finely powdered, issoaked in as much saturated solutionof alum as it will absorb. The mixture is baked in a slow oven, and whenhard it is ground to a powder. Thispowder, mixed in water and appliedlike plaster, sets very hard, will takea very good polish, and, t properlycolored, makes a capital imitation ofany kind of marble.Siberia may or may not be a republic, but it will be a long time be-! fore the whole of that region of vastsure of thefacts.THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYfCy--ifV5sjJSmIkviN ..JZi. 9Next Sale1 .hilThursday, Dec. 27j.T A.I t J!l -"! J ' ., Xl.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.BIG PASSENGER TEAPFIC. THROUGH ?ARIS TO SOUTH-Every through thain passingthrough Paris over the L. & N. is,according to officials at the Tenthstreet passenger station, crowdedwith tourists from the North seeking to evade the cold weather bygoing to the sunny clime of Florida. According to Mr. W. V. . Shaw,general agent," all these trains arecarrying extra coaches and Pullmanreservations are all taken ahead. Insome instances the travel has beenso heavy as to necessitate putting onspecial trains. Train schedules havebeen uncertain, but the Louisville &Nashville has been maintaining a decidedly better average than any other road running trains to the Florida resorts.Letters and papers received hereby friends and relatives of Parispeople who are wintering in Florida,tell of the delights of fishing, hunting, boating,' etc., in that favoredrefion, while back home the problem of merely being comfortable hasbeen a serious one. The people ofFlorida are expecting the greatesttourist season this winter in the history of the State.nsMtaHOW TO PREVENT CROUP.In a child that is subject to attacks of croup, the first indicationoE the disease is hoarseness. GiveChamberlain's Cough Remedy assoon as the child becomes hoarseand the attack may be warded offand all danger and anxiety avoided.(adv-dec)1E3 151 13SOLDIER AND SAILOR INSURANCE.If a soldier or sailor is killed, and fernment will provide compensationfor the-wife, so long as she remainsunmarried, and support for thechildren until they become 18 yearsof age.These payments range from $25for a widow alone to $27.50 for awidow and four children. If the manis totally disabled the Governmentwill make a fixed monthly paymentio him reanging from $30 a monthif he is married, to ?75 a month, ifhe has a wife and three or morechildren. Should he be so helpless as to require a nurse or attendant he will be given up to $20 additional. Should he lose both feet,both hands, or both eyes, or be permanently bedridden, he will be paid$100 a month, whether he is abachelor or married.1 Ifti IdNO. BOYS. IT ISN'T SO.Alma, Rubens, Triangle favorite,who has won honors in several recent Triangle releases, is beingbothered to death by congratulationson her marriage. Now as MissRubens Has no idea of being marriedin the near future, not even being'engaged, she resents- the calls andlikewise the congratulations.rrCwin Bros. Department StorePari, HtMMCky&vtKtb na main $t$.Our Store Has ManyBeautiful PresentsAwaiting you. You should come inand see them.HERE ARE SOME HINTSHouse SlippersGlovesScarf SetsIvory GoodsHandkerchiefsShoesFurs vToilet SetsLeather GoodsBolls, Etc.iTwin BrosSeventh and Main "Dept. StoeParis, Kentuckyp mXzy.G. W. DAVISTunera! DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 99$Automobile. Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently-dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.m 3iJaiMBaaa3BEcEiaagKKgjaBpaMBiajThe Bourbony ' VTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Leads hi Averages Obtained!! Zl 1 VJbvT'-f. -Total $ales to Date 629,500 PoundsFor . $183,016.47. $29.07vV4 'First Sale After the HolidaysAt the Bourbon HouseTHURSDAY, DEC. 27THAT 9 A M.Bour bonTobacco Warehouse Co..yvAJ(Ikoorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager.ftomiatoi.) xPARIS, JiCNTUCKY " 1v, ir t T ',. rvr-MsIX- ,. - J- ' v3ktl&iv MfV-r1 Vi,:JC-r-' - ' ?X3Sr"Fr re-fe' t y'BH'gyv, fa " wf-.-VV,,M'yXJ c,-rrfTUESDAY, DECEMBER $5, 117S "v '- ri.'- ,frTHR BOURBON NEWS,T ! -w - V "ITr 1 V . ,tk' -.fv ?-y7?S35SrpvK-41. 4.V-N"NvVS-HJH) YOU X)WK KOBE THAU $250WOBTH OF FOOD.Within the next few Jays Paris.Klinnfn . AJ IS . - .merchants, in. certain lines of business, wholesale and retail, and arifarmers, restaurants, grain eleva-,vvxw, xiubwo, um oiuidscs ill, JLitUl,-erery person or corporation havingmore than ?250 worth of food supplies for commercial use, will haveto begin making out their reportsfor the Government food surveythat has to be completed by January 10, and in the hands of theproper officials.These reports will have to be based on the amount of supplies on handDecember 31. The report blanksare being furnished by the Government, and all merchants are requirto make application for them in theevent that their supply has not beenreceived. The reports are to bemade voluntarily, but in the eventthey are not, a heavy fine and prison sentence is laid in wait forthose who refuse to perform thispatriotic duty.In addition to the foregoing allcolleges and hospitals are to makereports just the same as the others,nothing being exempt except suchsupplies as are owned by individualsfor their own or family consumption. All blanks are expected to be inthe hands of the merchants by January 2, and those receiving them aslate as that date are to be allowedPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding- and Itching: tiles.It absorbs the tumors, aUays Itching' at once,acts as a poultice, gives inclant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and fl-OQ.WL-L&S MFG.COPfops.,Cfeve!ond, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE, " ParisforXexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.- 9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonforParis-6:00 a. m.7:20 a. tn8:00a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a11:50 a,1:20 p2:50 p3:30 p4:20 p, 5:00 p6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m."TRAINS..rNo.FROM34 Atlanta, dally25 Cynthiana, daily except SundayIf Rowland, daily except Sunday11 Maysville daily except Sunday .40 Lexington daily except Sunday......S7 Cincinnati, O., daily12 Lexington, daily33 Chicago, daily18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday.9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday138 Lexington, Daily38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily19 Maysville, Daily39 Cincinnati, Dally Except Sunday..14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily239 Cincinnati, Sunday only130 Lexington . Daily31 Cincinnati, O., DailyTRAINSNo.FORCincinnati, waily .Cincinnati, daily except SundayLexington, daily except SundayMaysville, daily except SundayLexington, daily except SundayKnoxville, dailyJacksonville, dailyMaysville, Sunday onlyLexington, daily except SundayCincinnati, dailyLexington, daily except SundayRowland. Daily except SundayMaysville, daily except Sunday. ..Lexington. DailyChicago, dailyCynthiana. dnlly except SundayLexington, DailyAtlanta, Ga., DailyB" eft? . J- X'lIUEIES-T.A.BlL.lS,.l r, irK-tnio , - m..V - Frankfort,1 Ky., a ily Ex. Sunday-.- TDMIMC A LTBrb LUflU4 FranUurt. Ky.. uaiiyrx. aunnav..... . o:&u p.TAINS'TEPARiVFORJ Frankfort. Ky, Dailv Pre. Sunday. 1ten days after receipt, thereof tomake ut theic reports. The, blanksmay be obtained from the office ofthe Federal Grain Supervisor, No. 27"Roj TV? f TmAo. "Rll 1 1 A in rr T vm' c-Trill nBoard of Trade Building, Louisville,or trom tne eld Agent of Markets,College of Agriculture, Universityof Kentucky, at Lexington.fen Wfm IvvtTHE JANUARY AMERICAN MAGAZINE. The January issue of The Amerrican Magazine is filled with stirring,helpful articles and entertainingfiction. Harry Lauder, the famousScotch comedian, has written anarticle entitled "What the War HasDone to Me," in which he tells ofthe death, of his son in France andthe things Mr. Lauder himself heardand saw while visiting that country.Frank 'Vanderlip, President' of theNational City Bank, tells in an interview haw the bank decides uponraising the salaries of the employeesand the things which influence themin giving a raise, and MontagueGlass, the famous author of thePotash and Perlmutter plays, writesan article on the Jew and the Gentile which is interesting and entertaining. Other good articles are"New Year Resolutions," "TheComic Side of Trouble," by BertWilliams, and "Chicago," by JackLait.Holworthy Halt "has a great" fie-,tion story called "Through Clearing," Ida Evans has a real humanstory to tell, and William ,DudleyPelley has another of his great stories, this time dealing with the draftsituation. The serial "The Makingof George Gorton" continues, andthe Interesting People and FamilyMoney articles are as helpful and inspiring as usual, rounding out anumber unusuaMor its quality.(adv)fe Ea RaTHE YOUTH'S COMPANIONENDAR FOR 1918.CAL-The Youth's Companion PracticalHome Calendar combines the beautiful with the useful. It is especiallysought for by busy people; becauseit gives at one glance not only thedays of the current month, but thoseof the month preceding and themonth following, all on one leaf. Atthe same time the. calendar is decorative in design and suitable for aplace in the best room in the house.It is given to all readers of TheYouth's Companion who have paidtheir subscriptions for 1918.is ISIf you want to get the worth of.the bargain in life cultivate- gladness. The one who mopes does notenjoy himself, and surely no one en-fjoys him. Exchange.What a-war this would be if Col.Roosevelt were running it and Col.9:10 p. m. jWatterson issuing the official docu11:00 p. mlment.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.$1Home Phone 169A-2ARRIVAL5:25 am....7:35 am7:36 am..?. ' 7:38 am- , ...7:40 am: r0:03 am10:02 am. ." 10:15 amt '..12:ou m3:00 pm3:07 pra.'... 3:15 pm5:40 pm..'. 5:50 pm6:18 pm- 6:33 pm9:30 pm10:23 p m10:38 pmLEAVEr 5:30 am7:45 am7:47 am7:45 am10:25 am10:30 am' 10:20 am.' 12:04 pro.". 3:25 pm..; '.. 3:20 pm1 ; 5:57 pm6:00 pm. . . . .6:33 pm6:35 p a6:38 pm6:48 pm10:45 pm.. . . 10: 46 pm- .. B ,v r . .v. 7 : 38 a.m kIUt: 8:;;5 . nMS SH0PPIN& 'IS MADE EASYNo Matter What You Wish TotGifts You Will Pine a Susrees-tion in This Column.WE'VE "ffOT A BIG CHEESE.Better than the best and as cheapas the common,(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.la feHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT,HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one " of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next' Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week.1 Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day. " ""BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. . (It)151 tS3 ?2JHOLIDAY GROCERY SPECIALS:,S" RARE LOT OF BARGAINS.Special during holidays only ourdelicious "French Breakfast Coffee"down to 20c per pound; pure RioCoffee, extra good, down to 15c perpound, at(14-4t) BUSY BEE CA$H STORE.NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVING CLUB STARTSOur new series of Christmas Savings Accounts starts this week. Startyours to-day and have some cash tospend next Christmas..PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TTRUST COMPANY.3 3 feSANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls, DiningRoom Furniture, Trunks,Desks, etc. Everything toplease the children. See ourwindow display.E.M. WHEELER & CO.,x "R bneel BuildTng.. jej jq yLAEGEST STOCK IN PARIS SENSIBLE AND SUBSTANTIA!CHRISTMAS GIFTSDon't buy trash for presents. Letus sell you a Stove, Range, Buggy,Harness, Shot Gun, Rifle, BuggyRobe or something that can be used.Our stock is something enormousand by buying in ,ar-load lots areable to sell you good goods at alower price than the fellow whobuys in small quantities,(tf) FARMERS SUPJPLY CO.i IS 5 SNEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series., You can startwith 5 cents or $5?00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.s J53 !SlSPECIAL ON CANDIES P0R XMASTRADE.Special low rates on candiesnice "French mixed at 18c a pound;new mixed nuts 22cper pound.(14-4t) .BUSY BEE CASH STORE.jgg jl jgPOR THE BOYS WHAT THEYWANT POR CHRISTMAS.A Rifle, Shot Gun. Wagon, Sled,Auto, Dandy Jim Wagon and manyother things in our stock would bejust what your .boy would want forChristmas. These articles are substantial and can be bought at lessthan you can get them elsewnere.Let us fix you with your Christmasgoods and save you some money,(tf) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.,3 13APPLES. GRAPES. ORANGES. ETCWe have bought in quantities allthe above, and are going to sell themright. We went direct to the market,nd picked them out and got thebest. We have fireworks that 'werebought before the rise in price, thatwill be sold at ridiculous figures.Come see us before you purchaseChristmas goods. We will save youmoney and you will get the best tobe had.(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN,IS IK IE3.1UST WHAT THE MAN WANTSFOR CHRISTIES.Traveling cases, combination sets,silk hosiery and' beautiful neckwear for men.(x) MITCHELL. & BLAKEMORE..bb aPOR THE LADIES.We are showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving trays and many otheruseful articles. 'THE J. T. HINTON CO.S3 fia -bSROSOHE'S CHRISTMAS dAKESPROM 75 CENTS TO $1.50.We will have a complete 'line ofBlack, Yellow and White fruitcakes, from 75c to $1.50.(X) H. J. GBOSCHE.! B W3MORRIS CHAIRS.We are showing a big line of Morris Chairs. Make him comionaDieby giving him one for Christmas.' THE J. T. HINTON-CO.m i m -POR YOUR BOY. IBicycles, ' Autos, Wagons, Sleds,Footballs, .Boxing Gloves, etc Justwhat the boy would want forJ3Mrst-mas. we -nave a pis:stoc.'.vINSURANCE OP SOLDIERS &H)'SAILORS. Xlhe act which provides for Government life insurance for soldiersand sailors has now been inperation a little more than a month.The Secretary of the Treasury announced on November 17 that un tothat date 64,168 applications under)the new law had been received, representing insurance in the sum,ofoo, uyd.uuu. From tour to sixthousand applications are receivedeach day at the Treasury Department, the amount of insurance applied for sometimes rearming a total"of fifty million dollars in a singleday.The law provides that soldiers,sailors, marines and nurses in active, service may obtain from thegovernment life insurance inamounts not exceeding $10,000 atpremium rates ranging from 65 centsa month at the age of 21 years to?1.20 a month at the age of 51years, for each $1,000 of insurance.One of the primary objects of thislaw is to lessen the tremendous burden of pensions which has followedas a consequence of all Americanwars.It is evident that the administration of this new brancn of Government workvIs big business in its'elf.But this is only one of many governmental activities incident to the warwhich are adding great numbers ofclerks, stenographers and other servants to Uncle Sam's payroll. Literally thousands- of stenographersand -typewriters have been appointedin Washington during the past fewmonths and thousands more are tobe appointed as soon as they areavailable. The United States CivilService Commission Js holding examinations for these "positions weeklythroughout the country. Secretariesof local boards' of civil service examiners at the postoflices in allcities are furnishing detailed information. THE COUNTIES NEED MORE REVENUE POR ROADSWlin a man passes through agreat many of the counties of Kentucky, he finds some good and somebad roads. Naturally, he wonderswhy all roads ara not good and ifhe will investigate lie will find thathe reason is the lack of revenue.Because, surely the county officialswould be glad to have all good roadswithin the confines of their county,but they cannot accomplish, the imnnj;ible and ronsequently cannotbuild roads without money."" .Traffic conditions have changednd the people now demand moreand better roads every year, but theroad levy is not increased 'to meeth riband. The price of labor andmaterials has increased during -themqf. two venrs. bu't the, road fundshave not been increased. -A dollarm 1918 will not go much fartherhan- 50c did in 1916. So the answer must be more revenue.Let ajiy man go to the Sheriff'sbooks and investigate the amountof road taxes paid by every man livne: afong onebf the roads. He willfind that on manv roads as. much as7 or 8 miles in length, there is notenough road taxes paidto build onemile of road.TJnripr the law any Fiscal Courtran call an election to vote on anadditional road tax of any amount upto 0c on the $100.00 worth of taxable property, to run for a periodnot evceeding ten years and allfnnfls derived therefrom must be Kused for the roads and bridges inthat county, and the Fiscal Court"an, ivpend the funds on any roadsin the county.A barrel of corn, fifty pounds oftobacco or ten pounds of wool willpay the average man's parj: of thetax and at the same time assure himgood roads so as to market his cropsmuch cheaper and good roads willadd to the value of his farm severalhundred times the amount he paysin additional taxes.Roads also bneefit the cities because the county must advance it thecities prosper.It certainly is patriotic to buildand maintain roads at this time.PRENCH INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITNoahere Inve the French shownthAir remarkable national vitalitymore -strikingly than in the way theyihave kent up the pursuits or peacewhile bearing the brunt of the mostexacting war in history. So far fromhaving their industiies broken byconflict, they have developed scoresof new ones. An exnibit now beingheld in Paris is given-tver entirelyto products manufactured in Francewhich were formerly imported.. Thefirst diWsiolTconsists of articles formerly brought from foreign nations,largely from Germany, while the second is made up of articles formerlymade in the northern districts ofFrance are now being manufacturedin Southern France.CHRISTIAN SCIENCEm HEAIERSUES TO. .COLLECT PEE.What is said to be the first suitever brought by a 'Christian Sciencepractitioner for the recovery ofmoney said to be due for services-endered "was filed in New York,Tuesday," against Clarence C. Burger,a banker and promoter, by MissGrace M. Trankla. Miss Tranklaasks $12,250 for services and instruction," alleged to have beengiven between April 1 and October- this year. In her complaint, MissTrankla alleged that' Burger soughther assistance and instructions mChristian Science, to lead him ton0nQr nnrJfirstandthe: of 'its princi-ble& so that he might not only be.healed, but in order tnat ma bibusiness success in life might bepromoted? by -like aid.15?S-As a highly sensauonaij. wu--scenario Mr. La toilette railingsocks for 'soldiers mightwhile. """ f "be wartliLa-Folletteis-telling the countryhow patriotic H isr, Hispro-Ger-man utterances, v,bai wWANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyS9O9STo Have the Advantage of QaiVrEEFAPJMEKTBring yourhave your workwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.iLWe Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGE-Cor. Fourth andGILBERTWireless' Boys, do you want to learn all about the interestingand valuable science of Wireless Telegraphy? We havethe 'complete outfit for you andIT ONLY COSTS $5.00Electrical SetsThe universal-slogan is: ' 'Do It Electrically ' In thisset of experimental apparatus we offer the-most remarkable plaything for teaching and demonstrating the secretsand principles of electricity that has ever been made, aYou Learn While You Play. .Prices, $1.00 to $5.00.Watch This Space for Description of Other ToyFlashlights and Batteries.T. W. SPICER IMain Street, Opposite' Court House Tmmm immiii - .- wNOTICE!Beginning November 1, 1917, Telephone Companies are Requiredto Collect aWar Tax ofon each telephone messagefor which a charge of 15cents is is imposed.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,1 District Manager.A .La&Bginli-.MBr' ''.'41P"'n&fI 1R3C-- ii? ,i6Smcan you atford totakS.tfechS-rT .rfiBu you can pet tiiisv-r:zr2. r--sj n ?M'y- 0s"w.ssold tires to us anddone by an exjertx-.-sPleasant St..Telegraphy,Five Cents,-"v-w.u.GAinroir,LocalGUAF3.aHTEEO CUREremedron such, terms? 7 s1RJUMMMe flSS?ssSsift--"-""u, RMii.ur.KR.WPUT COMATTV. - ' - T L.t n r-4"J8-vAv. f:H1'--1-S E-kttri.Iv. OHilyxSiinda"'. -:2Vx)ftill fb. 1)Pfe fe. . .--..... ' JPte. ".sgssasimerelytm&mwvier$jtf& -I. z - ., 'r---. -i " y- - v.(-V-r v tgs-' "u.."9rwfLv,"? Av'fr-tr- -v4 ).?-tr t. .-?J s- , ,tn'- rrjy.v- e J l vv--"l-J.-'-lN if-l ."S-y- w. - -VV,JL; , DAUGHERTY SBK0S.camouf agehen. v '-j?-?jw '"ffljivST jtfcjv --; jfc5i2S-' "H ' t - J -C-f..- j,,"' L,Tfcifca4 , .. WV X.t-jlri7-yf4f v1 '- v n: iviTV Txt Nl3(, TUESDAY, DECBMBKR 25, It'ltiJfcE EIGHT' 5mtrn'nAvmnAV vmnci ' r lTCf w t v '' ' -'xncEiuuifeiHsn wawo, rAu3,,ii.- - - ,wf.1& i l r ' -s.V VMlv. f ?" r- 'ae.-n "M1 1 1 4'4-4'4'4---lfi4--4'4-'4-'r'a-li-4'f 4'-4-'i-I-4-l--t''c&f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOX- NKji1I "I"ItJIttII'ti .IIa1BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBaBaaaaaaaaj! The J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParisand SixthStreetsMotor equipment." Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.- JM-M- -. .- J9. -- -. -- -- A. M. .. J. .MILLERSBURGThe Red Cross campaign, wasvery successful.Our assessment was$500. vVe succeededin obtaining$550.The 'Methodist and PresbyterianSunday schools gave a joint Christmas tree at the Presbyterian churchSunday evening.?.Ir. and Mrs. Earl Plummerhave moved to rooms in the Best"Flat, lately vacated by Mr. and Mrs.Eishop Delaney, "from 'the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. JosephPlummer.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst havemoved to the property of Dr. W. M.Miller, on Eighth street, recently vacated by Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Leer,from a part of the home of the late"jMiss Betty F. Vimont.The Graded School closed Friday afternoon with a Christmas tree,and a nice entertainment by the little foljss. The tree was beautifuland laden with presents for the en-tire school. The teachers, as well asthe student body, were nicely re-xnembered. The school will reopen.Wednesday, January 2nd.NOTICE. Beginning with January 1 we propose lo do only a-thirty-days' credit business. Wemust make quick sales -and turnover our money often. All personsknowing themselves to be indebtedto us, s will -please call and settle atonce. We thank all our customersfor their patronage in the past andtrust that we may be able to continue to serve you during- the year'1918., (25-2t) RUFUS BUTLER.At a mass meeting held at thecolored Methodist church in the interest of the Red Cross drive, a num--'berof short addresses were deliv-ered, after which the sum, of $35-was raised for the Red Cross. AllWill there be a Victrola inyour home this Christmas?jTHE greatest singers, musicians and entertainers in the world enteryour home with the coming of your Victrola.You can search the whole world over ana not find anything else thatwill bring so much pleasure to every member of the family. Comein today and choose your Victrola in plenty of time for Christmas.-TSmr'1r jtjafii-.-O'Hinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286ycXM;....x..i..i...;...i..;...(t,;..;..i..x..XMi..i..;..;...4.trf.tg.money coming from the colored people will be used for the colored soldiers. Considerable amounts havebeen subscribed since this meeting.Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Miller, ofSedalia, Mo., arrived Friday as theguests of Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Tarr.Our town and community wasshocked Saturday morning when itwas learned that Mr. Benjamin W.Wood had died of heart ' trouble,about five a. m. Mr. Wood had beena sufferer for some time, but hiscondition was not considered serious.Mr. Wood was one of our mostprominent citizens. He was born inPrince George County, Md., April12, 1854. His parents were Mr. Jas.Ward Wood and Mrs. Margaret Dorothy Turner Wood. He was one of afamily of seven children? one brotherand one sister having preceded himto the grave. Early in life, with hisparents he came to Kentucky, andlocated near Germantown, where hisearly life was spent. On November24, 1886, he was united in marriageto Miss Lutie Proctor, of Sardis.Their happy union was blest withthree daughters, .Misses. Margaret,Edith and Hattie Wood, and one son,Mr. Proctor Wood, who, with theirmother, survive him. In the springof 1915, he, with his family, movedfrom Sardis to Millersburg, wherehe has since resided. On cominghere he soon became active in theMathodist church, and also in AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M.. He isalso survived by his aged mother andfour sisters, Mesdames John Jones,John Wallingford, Chas. Wallingfordand Susan Reese, all of Masoncounty.The funeral was held Monday atiu: ju a. m. at the Methodist church,I conducted by Rev. J. D. Redd, assisted by Rev. J. W. Gardner, pastorof the church, and Dr. C. C. Fisher,President of the M. C. The servicesat the grave were under the auspices of Amity Lodge No. 40, F.and A. M., and were conducted bv'Past Master Preston Ray, of Sardis,the lodge in which Mr. Wood was amr:syi.X?&"2P95?',Mm?r-vQAFifth andM-''- - ,PaW,Grektest,Shoe,Store' t- , Wheit Beauty' and'EconomRe 'Tuesday, ' December 25thVIVIAN MARTININ"The SunsetA Paramount Picture. By Beulah MarieDix. From the story by Alice Mclver."Vengeance and the Woman"Featuring William Duncan with CarolHolloway. Written by Albert E. Smithand Cyrus Townsend Brady.Episode No. i 9 'Tfrie Oath"Pricesmember for many years. A largenumber of sorrowing- relatives andfriends followed the remains from.the church to Iheir iast resting placei,n the Millersburg Cemetery.fa JES ISs'DEATHS.JONES.Mrs. Mattie Jones, . sister ofMrs. F. M. Gillispie, of Plum, thiscounty, died at her home in Cimarron, Kansas, on December 20. Shewas formerly Miss Mattie Rhodes, ofMason county. She is survived byher husband, two sons and twodaughters.vHEATH.The funeral of Miss RebeccaFord Heath, aged sixty-one, whodied at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, - Saturday, after along illness, was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from the residence of Dr. HM H. Dailey, on Stoner avenue. Services were conductedby Rev. George H. Harris, of Versailles, lately rector of St. Peter-'sEpiscopal church, in Paris. The interment took place in the. ParisCemetery. The pall-bearers wereCharles B. May, Chas. N. Fithian,Chas. W. Fithian, Harry E. Fithian,W. Swinev Ray and Dr. M. H.bailey.Miss Heath was'a daughter of thelate James M. and Mary Ford Heath,of Covington. She was for ten yearsa missionary of the Episcopal church,spending the greater part of her timein China and Japan.She is survived by three sisters,Mrs. Mayme Fithian, of Paris; Mrs.Wm. O. Paxton, of New York, aridMiss Margaret Heath, of Lexington.BERGMAN.The funeral of Mr. Emil G.Bergman, aged thirty-two, who diedin St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington,' at eleven o'clock Thursdaynight, of peritonitis, following anoperation for stomach trouble, washeld Sunday afternoon at 2:30o'clock at the home of Mrs. H. C.Henson, on Fithian avenue in thiscity.Services were conducted by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian chhrch. The intermentfollowed in the Paris Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were Jesse Tillett, John.Cramer, John Skain, J. T. Sallee,Jos. Porter and Maurice Leach, allof Lexington.! Mr. Bergman was steward of thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, whichnHHBtows5'tw1.,4&Victors and Victrola$10 to $400EasiMt of otsy tcrmtDaugherty Bros.MainParis, KentuckyWednesday, December 26thAddlph Zukor PresentsMARGUERITE CLARKINBabs DiaryBy Mary Roberts Einehart. Directed byJ. Searle Dawley.ALSOBRAY'S CARTOONSand, KLEVER KOMEDYTrailttAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; AHuit 13c war tax 2c.Colored persens, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.position he had held for the past twoyears. Previous to coming to Lexington, he had been connected withthe Seelbach Hotel, in Louisyille.He wag in the English army when ayoung man, and when he first cameto America became a member of thelife-saving service at a station on theAtlantic coast. He had a number ofmedals for bravery in the army andlife saving service.Mr. Bergman was married about ayear ago to Miss May Howe, daughter of Mrs. H. C. Henson, of Paris,who, wTith a brother, Mr. F. W. Bergman, manager of the Southern Hotel,in Baltimore, Md., survives him.GLASS.Mr. J,ohn B. Glass, aged fiftyseven, connected' with the EasternKentucky Hospital, at Lexington,died Sunday morning within fiveminutes after suffering a third strokeof paralysis. Mr. Glass had sustained two slight paralytic strokes several weeks previous, but being ableto-walk about, concluded to visit theoffice of his physician. Just afterentering the office he was strickenwith paralysis and died a few moments later without regaining con-sciousness. 'Mr. Glass is survived by threesons and four daughters, one of thelatter, Mrs. James Scanlon, residingin Paris. !The funeral will take place at Mr. 'Glass' old home at White Sulphur,'in Scott county.SMITH.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethSmith, who died in Cynthiana,Thursday, was held'Saturday -morn-,ing at the Baptist church in Cynthiana at ten o'cIock, conducted byRevs. S. H. Burgess and C. W.OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAGet Busy, Holiday Shoppers!Come Here To-Day ISelect that Holiday Gift a practical sensibSe arcei usefulgift from our enormons and most magnificent stock ofHolidaySLIPPERS -SHOESFor Men,atprlces' so low you can buy two presents for what you intended to pay for one.,SPECIALSLadies! Dark Tan English Boots .-. . .Ladies' Felt Pur or Ribbon TrimmedNullifiers: . . t 99c to $ 1 .49Ladies' Felt Slippers . . . $ .49Children's Felt Slippers $ .'49Men's Dark Tan English Shoes, Walk-Over $5.00Men's Tan or Black Kid Romeos and'Everett SlippersMen's Felt Slippers.Boys' Gnn Metal Shoes"" illl 1 -"Elsey. The interment followed inBattle Grove Cemeiery. The pallbearers were William Remingtonand Frank Remington, o Paris, J.C. Deadman, J. E. Wells, J. A. Leachand Rodney S. Withers, of Cynthiana. IS S ESBIRTHS.tNear Little Rock, this county,to the wife of Mr. Asnton Cray craft,formerly Miss Clara Bishop, a daughter. 'fe ?51 E3THE DAY BEFORE CHRISTMAS.The day before Christmas foundParis almost smothered under a pallof fog and rain, which came after apromise from the weather man thatthere was likely to oe snow. It didnot, however, deter the shoppers,ho were out in force doing theirdelayed shopping. Merchants reporta good business on Saturday and yes- Jterday both, and were very well satisfied with the two days' work. Sat-urday saw probably the largestcrowd that has been in the city onSaturday for some time. Many hundred dollars realized from the tobacco sales were put in circulationand found their way to the cashregisters and safes of the Paris merchants. One of the most delightful preChristmas -entertainments usheringin the holidays wTas the "Nativity"rendered at the Grand Opera Houseby a large delegation of vocalists.XitiasisHere!Women andDon't Wait!ComeQuick!$3.9599c to $ 1 .99$ .49$1.79Thursday, December 27thWm. DesmondIn Triangle Picture"MASTER OF HIS HOME"Armstrong and Hauser :in Keystone Comedy"A ROYAL ROGUE"Also Triangle Comedy with Popular Come-?dians, "His Cool Nerve."ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Paris Grand J7 to 10:309assisted by children of the city. Theprogra'm embraced the sacred storyof "The Nativity," s told in songreadings and sixteen tableau pictures taken from the famous picturesdepicting the events that gave thetitle of Christmas to the holidayseason. All the local churches andtheir choirs assisted in the presentation of the pictures and the songs.A Christmas tree entertainmentwas given at the Baptist church atseven o'clock last night, with a realSanta Claus and a postofflce fromwhich gifts for the members of thecongregation was distributed. An.offering from the Sunday Schoolclasses for the poor was taken.The postofflce was crowded to itsutmost capacity with anxious peoplewe had delayed packages to send tofriends and relatives. PostmasterPayne and his assistants workedlike Torjans to relieve the pressureon their several departments and didgood work in getting the accumulation out of the way.To-day the celehration of the Saviour's natal day will be celebratedwith services at the churches, and inother ways by the young people.The majority of business houses willclose for the day, while a numberwill gfrre their employes a half-holiday..-2a "El 153-The Difference.Everyone who enjoys nature thinksthat the principal thing to the tree isthe fruit, but in point of fact the .principal thing to it is the seed. Eereinjlies the difference between them thatcreate and them that enjoy. Nietzsche. tRUUSfdren4ii1I44!!7" i.IVcs''i r-