rJ,S"'.-.Srf -' ;',.'-'-; .V ."ITHEST m Vi-?vse frt4 SfiP- "XVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 26f 1918M . - -JyBOURBONML.?? a'?WJLD RUMORS.Every few days some wild-garpevine story reaches Paris-via Louisville that the CrownPrince and 100,000 or moreGermans have been captured,etc., etc. When THE BOURBONUEWS hears these stories weimmediately trace them down,and if there is any foundationfor the story, we post it in, "Bulletin" form in our window.If anything sensational happenswe have arrangements to receive it from reliable sourcesand we post it. If you don't seeit in "Bulletin" form on ourwindow you can take it with apinch of salt and bet the report is not true.THE EDITOR.SUBMABINES SINK U. S. TRANSPORT, "THE JUSTICIA."The giant White Star liner Justicia has been torpedoed and sunk offthe coast of Ireland. It is believedno loss of life occurred.The Justicia was formerly theDutch steamer Statendam, which wastaken over by the British Government on the stocks at Belfast whenshe was nearing completion. She was.a vessel of 32,234 tons gross.No passengers were lost and onlyten of the crew were killed.The first torpedo struck the engineroom and the ship then stopped. Several other torpedoes were fired, butonly two of the missiles were effective. Four hundred of the crew of thetorpedoed liner have been landed.They report that the liner was sunkafter a twenty-four-hour fight withsubmarines.The story of the fight betweenthe German submarine and the Justicia, if it could be told, would makeone of the finest stories in the annals of anti-submarine warfare.All those on the Gloucester fishingschooner Robert and Richard, sunkby a German submarine off the Mainecoast Monday "have been accountedfor. There were twenty-three persons on the vessel. Three men werelanded at Kennebunkport and elevenat Gloucester. Four more were"brought to Portland, Me., and fourmen and a boy were picked up atea and taken to Boston.All but eight of the fifty-nine menreported missing after the sinking ofthe armed cruiser San Diego offFire Island, N. Y., last Friday, haveIjeen accounted for, said an announcement by the Navy Department. Further reports are expectedto reduce this number and officialshope that the only fatalities will bethe three men killed by the explosion. Oswald Kunhardt, formerly German and Austrian Consul in Boston,Mass. was arrested Wednesday as anenemy alien at his home in Manchester and taken to Boston.Federal officers refused to confirmor deny a report that the arrest wasconnected with submarine activityoff the coast. If was admitted, however, that information in the possession of the officials indicated thattke arrest was of more than ordinaryimportance.Ml MXJ0UNTY SCHOOL BOARDS REACHAN AGREEMENTDuring the coming school yearthe inter-county school at PlumLick will be under the direction ofthe Bourbon County Board of Education. This was agreed upon at arecent conference of the Boards ofEducation of Montgomery and Bourbon counties. The school is on theborder line between the two counties,and the attendance has been composed of pupils from both counties, thetotal enrollment being sixty-three.No teacher has yet been selected forthe new school term beginning inSeptember.Superintendent of County SchoolsJ. B. Caywood has received and accepted the resignation of Miss LulaGraham, who was recently elected, asteacher for the Mcllvain school, nearParis. This now leaves places forsix teachers to be.filled by the CountyBoard of Education.JUSTV ARRIVED.A carload of Pwapier's Pig Meal,the best feed ever fed young hogs.(26-2t) W. C. DODSON.P0RMEE PAEIS WOMAK SUESFOB, DIVORCE.Suit for divorce was filed in thePayette Circuit Court at Lexington,!Tuesday, by Mrs. Naunearle Merimee-against her husband, Mr. William T.Merimee, of Paris, whom she chargeswith abandonment. r She asks for thecustody and allotmenfcfor the supportof four children, the fifth, Fred Merimee, being of Age, and able to support himself. Mr. Meripiee i$ employed in the train dispatchers' 'oficeof he 'Louisville k. Nashville at thisjoint. A.-BXiThompoa or juexmgton, Ms attorney- for the jplaltiDEATH SUMMONS COMES SUDDENLY TO ERANK JACOBS.Death came suddenly yesterdaymorning to Mr. Frank Jacobs, awell-known resident of this city,while at work at his trade as bakerat the bakery attached to the restaurant of Ahearn & Burton, at thecorner of Pleasant and Tenth streets.Mr. Jacobs had been in his apparently usual good health, and "hadbeen at work all the night beforehis death, helping the head baker,Mike Bidder, with his work. He hadnot been complaining, and had beenjoking and laughing with his assistant, Teddy Templin, to whom he hadremarked that life seemed pretty goodto him at all times. Leaving thebakery for a short time he went intothe restaurant, where he exchangedcheery words with Mr. Charles McKee, the night clerk, and then returned to the bakery. A few moments after returning, one of thecolored cooks ran into the restaurantwith the remark that Mr. Jacobsseemed to be very sick. Mr. McKeeand several others went into thebakery and found Mr. Jacobs lyingacross a box, seemingly in a stuporand breathing heavily. Mr. FrankBurton and Mr. Thos. Ahearn, proprietors of the restaurant, and a physician were hastily summoned, but thepartly unconscious man expired before the physician could render assistance. Coroner Rudolph Davis was summoned, and after viewing the bodyand taking the testimony of those inthe house at the time of Mr. Jacobs'death, deemed a formal inquest unnecessary, the physician stating deathto have been causedby apoplexy.The body was removed to his home onPleasant street, and prepared for burial. Mr. Jacobs came to Paris from St.Louis many years ago. He was inthe employ for several years of Mr.George Rossenfoss in the bakery andrestaurant business, and was later inthe employ of the late Mr. John A.Schwartz, in the building now occupied by the David Feld shoe store.About a year ago" he went into business for himself at the corner of Highand Eighth streets, disposing of thebusiness a few weeks ago. Since thenhe had been in the employ of Ahearn& Burton. He was married severalyears ago to Miss Margaret Woods, of"Paris, who survives.Besides his widow, Mr. Jacobs issurvived by one brother, Mr. AlbertJacobs, and three sisters, Mrs. Andrew Snyder and "Misses Mary andLena Jacobs, all of Areola, Illinois.The funeral arrangements had notbeen completed last night, pendingthe receipt of messages from theserelatives, who are expected here tomorrow. Pa waNOTICE TO HOLDERS OF LIBERTYLOAN BONDS.The Government is now preparedto exchange United States 44 Liberty Loan Bonds for all 4 Libertybonds, and, as the privilege of making such change expires on November 9 th, and the 4's are not thereafter convertible into any subesquentissue, and as the 44 bonds will probably sell about three points higherthan the unconverted 4 bonds, it isimportant that all holders of 4United States Liberty Bonds makethe exchange.If you want your 4 Bonds converted, please bring them to us, ornotify us, and we will have themconverted for you without anycharsre.BOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCO.(26-3tF) ' ITHRESHEBMAN, NOTICE!Reports of all threshing done inthe month of July must be in theoffice of the Bourbon County FoodAdministrator, Mr. Lawrence Mitchell, at North Middletown, not laterthan the second xday of August. Mr.L. S. Robbins, County Agent, willhave to compile these reports on thethird day of August, and the reportsfor the State must be in Washingtonby the sixth day of August. Threshermen will aid very materially inthe dispatch of this wgrk if they willget their reports in the first day ofAugust.CARPENTER INJURED.When the frame work of a tobaccobarn on which he was working nearParis collapsed several days ago, Wm.Younger, a carpenter, was caught- beneath the falling timbers, sustainingserious injuries to his back and side.Since then both lower limbs have become affected by paralysis, and Tie isin almost a helpless condition.Younper has a family of severalchildren, and resides at 1713 Cypress street'. "lie is in meed of immediate financial help, his condition being such as to preclude helping himself. 'Here is a genuine case whererelief conld oe afforded by some ofthe charitjcbly-inclined people of thiscityc J rJ' ' 'c- ICOUNCIL PEOCEEDHfGSThe regular meeting of the CityCouncil convened last night with afull membership present Very littlebusiness of importance was transacted. Among those worthy of mentionare: City Health Officer's salarywas fixed at $400.00 per annum,payable quarterly.The Water .Committee asked for extention, of time and same was granted them to act on the question ofthe proposed new mill dam. Mr.Merringer stated that the committeeproposed to engage additional legalcounsel and find out exactly therights of the Paris Milling Companywith' reference to the control of thewaters of Stoner Creek.It was ordered that a committeeconfer with the Health Board andhave them agree on and enforce alaw covering the quarantine andplacarding houses wherein there wascontagious diseases, including whooping cough, etc.FRAUDS IN RAINCOATS FOR SOLDIERS EXPOSED.Extensive frauds in rubber raincoats for soldiers in France havebeen disclosed by the Department ofJustice following investigations intoarmy contracts. Seventeen officersand employes of fifteen manufacturing concerns in New York and Brooklyn have been arrested on charges ofbribery, fraud and conspiracy. Armyofficers of the Quartermaster's Corpsinvolved in the fraud are under surveillance. DON'T WRITE ON BOTH SIDES 0ETHE PAPER.THE NEWS has frequently requested contributors to its columns towrite on one side only of the paperthey use. This is an established custom in all newspaper offices. Important communications may be sometimes ruined by the non-observanceof this rule. Don't write on bothsides of the paper. It causes annoyance, trouble and inconvenience. Thebusy linotype operator vhasn't time inthe rush hours to search all througha mass of paper to get the connectionfor the last word of a sentence atthe bottom of a page, only to findthat it is on the other side of thesheet. Don't write on both sides ofthe paper, please!Prospective imports in the BelgianCongo will be required to obtain theapproval of the government of Belgian Congo for all orders.Palm Beach andKool Rloth SuitsFor Summer Wear,, the Real," Genuine Palm Beach Clothya The kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, notthe cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out beforethe season is over. We sell only one kind, and that- is thebest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00a: Kool KlothA light summer cloth with aK Beach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. SilkShirts, $5.00 td $10.00 -:: Many fancy and stylish patterns, solid colors and fancyStraw HatsMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENcttleton ShoesDr. ; Rd't Guihion Sole Sho .lGREAT JiAKES BAND TO BE HERETO-DAY.All Paris and as many of the peoplefrom outside the city and county ascan make their arrangements to doso, will be here to-day to greet and?hear the splendid band of the GreatLake Naval Training Station, whichwin be here this afternoon, underth leadership of Bandmaster Smith.There will be music in the air, andit's .all free, which will, of course, bea determining factor in the presenceof many people.The band, composed of thirty-eightskilled musicians, is scheduled to arrive in Paris via the interurban fromLexington at 3:20 this afternoon.They will be met at the interurbanstation by a big reception committee.The hand will form in parade formation5, and accompanied by the .reception committee, and a detail of theParis police force, will march overthe following line of march: Starting from Fifth and Main; south onMain to Tenth; turning, comingnorth on Main to court house, wherethe parade will disband. The band,with the reception committee, will beguests of the city of Paris at supperat the Crosdale House at 6:30 p. m.At 8:00 p. m. the band will give aconcert lasting two hours, on theplaza steps in front of the courthouse. The program, as decided uponby Bandmaster Smith, will be one ofthe best he has given on the trip. Itwill embrace popular and classicalselections, and patriotic airs, and willbe a rare musical treat. Everybodyis asked to turn out and give theband a royal patriotic -welcome, andmake them feel that their trip hasnot been in vain. No collection orcontribution asked for or taken up.Councilman John Merringer, chairman of the Police Committtee of theParis City Council, and all the policeforce, assisted by several chauffeurs,will enforce the ordinance prohibiting the parking of automobiles onMain street this afternoon, especiallybetween tWee and four o'clock. Allcars found parked on Main streetwill be "arrested" and the owner ofsame will be invited to call on PoliceJudge Ernest Martin on Saturdaymorning, and explain why theythought themselves stronger than thelaw., mmm.fc ' -HAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies. .-YERKES&PEED.jly9 3t)iilittle more weight than Palmto $25.00IIIstripes. -and Panamas,I IN THE SERVICE OF 'I'HMIK.C0UUTEY.Fifty thousand negro registrantsqualified for general military service, were called To the colors Wednesday. They will entrain betweenAugust 1 and 5, and come from fortyone States.Mrs. Nellie Honey Turner, formerly of Paris, wrote to her sister,Mrs. Thomas Arkle, in this city, afew days ago, announcing her safearrival at a French port with theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40. The unit is now safely housedin confortable quarters in France,and will soon be assigned to activeduty.After an intensive course of training in special duty at Ft. Sheridan,111., Mr. Landen Templin, of Paris,has received a merited promotion.Mr. Templin has been made BattalionCommander of Co. I, stationed atj Camp Dewey, at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. He is also anensign in the mechanical and engineering department in the service.v Mrs. Mollie James is in receipt ofa letter from her son, Cornelius(Buddy) James, stating that at thetime the letter was written lie wasin France, with no immediate prospect of getting back to America. Hestated that no furloughs were beinggiven, and that it was not unlikelythat he would be in France for sometime, possibly for a year.-Mr. Carl Nippert, who has beena guest of his mother, Mrs. Geo Nippert, in this city, for several days,has returned to Cincinnati, where hehas enlisted in the United StatesNavy. Mr. Nippert is a nephew ofMr. Phil Nippert, of Paris. He wouldnot be satisfied with remaining outof the service, and said lie intendedto be be a Kaiser-getter-and-a-Hiin-destroyerjust as soon as he couldget into action.Mr. J. T. Sweeney, who has forseveral years been in the employ ofMrs. Thompson Tarr as chauffeur,will report at the Mechanical Train-N' T,.v.-Tt..i.J .-, A -lug acnooi ui me umieu oiin.c&jaimjonx August 15. Mr. Sweeney is anexpert auto mechanic and driver.He ' enlisted in the service recentlyfor special service. This is the sameschool from which four Bourbonboys were recently transferred to aSouthern cantonment after fourmonths' special, training.Capt. H. N. Royden, CommandingOfficer of the Central Officers' Training Camp, has approved the application of Mr. Charles Spears, of Paris,and recommended his admission tothe ranks of student officers at thecamp. Mr. Spears will be assignedto duty at Camp Gordon, in Georgia.His brother, Mr. Edward Spears, isnow in the service as a member otthe Bourbon county contingent recently transferred from Ft. Thomasto Camp Meade, in Maryland.aPrivate Edward J. Woods, of Paris,who left sometime ago with theBourbon count7 boys for CampMeade, Maryland, writes his father,Mr.M. L. Woods, in this city, thathe is pleased with camp life as faras it has gone, and that Uncle Samis certainly a good provider. Hestates that all the boys are acquiring . the military bearing and thatthey are taking to camp life as naturally as if they had long been usedto it.Mr. James T. Templin, son of Mr.and Mrs. T. T. Templin, of Paris, hasvolunteered for service in the U. S.navy. Mr. Templin was accepted atthe Lexington recruiting station andassigned as apprentice seaman. Mr.Templin has been in Dayton, O., forsome time engaged in war munitionswork, ind was for a time an inspector at the naval aeroplane stationnear Dayton. Mr. Templin makesthe third son of Mr. and Mrs. Templin-whohas. volunteered for servicein the navy.. Dr. J. T. Brown left for CampGreene, near Charlotte, N. C, immediately after- the wedding of hisdaughter, Miss Elizabeth Brown toRev. John Jay Rice,. Monday afternoon. Dr. Brown is. now "CaptainBrown," and will be stationed atCamp Greene as a'mfember of theMedical Corps df the army service-.In 'his uniform of khaki cloth hemade a strikingly handsome figure,and was complimented by hosts ofadmiring friends upon his soldierlyappearance. -v: .-Troop trains bearing soldiers forSouthern camps have been passingthrough Paris forseveral days. Oneday this week one train of elevencoaches filled with enlisted mn wasW followed shortly after by anpiner oi1dW; MiAa -Tbe order was. variedX somewhat Wednesiay mornins, whenlithe faaktrain for. Cincinnati h$ aY-B5ieral coacnear auacnea nuea witu yi-TWENTY-TWO C0I0XED DI1I-TEES TO LEAVE MONDAY.'4Twenty-three colored men frsiParis and Bourbon county called tothe colors under the provisions df tkaarmy draft law, will leave Paria onext Monday morning, July 29, for vCamp Zachary Taylor, where, therwill report for service as members oUncle Sam's great army.The men will report to the Bowrbon County Exemption. Board "omSunday afternoon, when they will reQeive their final instructions. Tkusual social formalities will-b observed, and oh Monday the men willentrain at t,he L. ft N. Tenth stripassenger station ;for transportatiMito the .camp.The Exemption Board, has beembusily engaged several days in tteexamination of the men. A total 6tforty-two were examined, ,ut owhich number will be selected tkmtwenty-two draftees and three-substitutes,to leave Monday.CHANGE OP DATE.JThe public sale of furniture, etc.,of the Business Men's Club, preriously advertised for -Saturday, July27, has been, changed to Saturday,August 3. The change of .date wasmade so as not to conflict witk otkerarrangements. This will be a goodopportunity for some one tojjet bargains-in first class furniture.diers going to some camp in tieNorth. It is presumed that, theywere destined for transfer to tfceEast. No information was given outby any of the men as te their destination. They all appeared to be iathe best of spirits, and anxious toget over and do their bit toward suppressing or annihilating the Boches.Advices received by Major Rhodes,at Frankfort, from,. Provost MarsaalGeneral Crowder shows changes Inphysical qualifications for meiuuiiderthe selective service. The mininiu. ,height is reduced from 6 to 5inches and the minimum weightfrom 124 to 110 pounds.Mrs. Thomas Taul received a postcard Wednesday from her daughter,MissMary KStone ajnembexjp' th?nursing staff of the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, announcingher safe arrival in France. The cardbore no message . other than theformal announcement of her arrival.Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lavin receiveda letter Wednesday from their son,Lieut. Lawrence Lavin, stating thathe had received orders to secure hisoverseas outfit, from which he judgedhe would soon be transferred toFrance. Lieut. Lavin is stationed atCamp Gordon, Georgia, where he iabayonet instructor for a class of 2,-500 soldiers.tCorp. John Stuart writes from, theRaritan Training Camp at Metuchen,New Jersey:"Don't forget to send THE NEWSto my new address. Don't want tomiss it. Great place here. Tkeyhave a big barbed wire fence rallaround the camp, so no one can getin and hurt us. I'm coming homethis fall when the war is over."'Mr., Ira Thompson, who has been?in Paris several weeks as a guest ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. L D.Thompson, Sr., will leave to-day forAnnapolis, Maryland, to resume-hisduties at the Annapoli3 Naval Academy. Mr. Thompson is stationed atthe rifle range near the NavalAcademy, as a member of the sharpshooters' brigade of the naval service. Mrs. W. B. Thomas, of nearHutchison, has received a letter fromher son, Mr. Wm. Kenney Thomas,who is in the aviation training courseat Cornell University, in New -York.He is taking a three months' course,and writes that he is. progressingfinely. The letter enclosed a goodsnap shot of Mr. Thomas, whichmade the letter of additional interest to his mother. 'If you have interesting news dfyour soldier or sailor friend, relativeor sweetheart, tell THE NEWS mamof call 124 either phone. "The "Inthe Service" column is proving oneof the most interesting departmentsof the paper. Help THE NEWff toget news of the boys so that the boysin camp may know what is going oi.Your assistance will be -greatly appreciated. Mrs. Louis Hershel Humble r.ceived a letter a- few days, age froskher husband, announcing kistaafaarrival on French soil Mr. JHumWwas sent from Paris to a Soutkentarmy cantonment, where, he was imthe forestry service,, butwas lattctransferred to New York, whera ksaid h only remairiad one day. Tkerletter arave ao details S3 to 1m ,!-tion, ami was of ' tla- foiittoackaractac saat frOM tkaTfroat rklaoldkrs ia'tkaservica iai FraaatU,'Hfj-4ri1 'WTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.r- FRIDAY, JUL ,ilg."3NSETW0,.fttfir1TO BOURBON NEWSed 188136 Years of Con-itiniiOTi$ Publicationted Every Tuesday and Friday?Sm? -Sear.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.002?.ayable in Adavance.CHAMP, Editor and Owner,jSF 3CToneous reflection upon theHBMcfeOTf -standing or reputation of' person, firm or corporation which'fpoar in the columns of THE'rHMBrM OTTrStra -ktITI Via aria filer onr.'brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESv'Maftip' Advertisements, $1.00 per:..Ior first time; 50 cents per inchsruosequent insertion., rMnimliiitg Notices, 10 cents per line-mmdL 3sse; reading notices in blackmmmJ-sa oeats ner line, each issue.of thanks, calls on candi-r .obituaries and resolutions, and-r&SfrLvv2ztter, 10 cents per line.;xHp' iiTi&i rates for large advertisemtmkXsGJid. yearly contracts.mtrfq'it f 'publisher is reservedttlmitomtina any advertisement or otheranrifesc- for publication.' iaiioancements for political offices?mb& invariakiy be accompanied by.csstah.A-Hhisipaper'has enlisted3x feevernment in theadaoSe o?vmenca for thei Ofgjod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.mk&-jty"Time's Changed.ftSk""E&ere was once a time before the' xjnaX war when one almost felt thatjafcTPXwid. be extremely bad taste and,aa'agrarit -want of delicacy to dispell' t&ereost of living, even in a gen-43JNS wr3s "&at to mention one's own- UJW" ' i ' h ' T economies, "besides being unnnli 1 1 sting, was not well-bred. ButSafiws days things have changedssBBPBoSfhe old place. We speak freeSlrK hB sacrifices our clothes have" tos, and discuss all the intimate4HMQ&. We dwell on the"skimping""aMEwiU ulo in order to help financepromote the war. We are nor ashamed of the empty puree,;jfeawe a longing to see it filled and-xmipb&5 time and again as long as its6fcedts -will help the soldiers andsTyTv no longer feel wary aboutg iiow the groceryman tried touron-a half-pound of butter,iow the merchant tried to taketage of the war in order to-prices on all things we reallydLIRwis "woman" says that the mostTlKlim i ting women at the Red Cross'imafings and -at 'the sewing roomsLays is the one who tells withgreatest frankness of those bittertwhea'the furnace was cold, andtv- 'hniiij&gtiFss days of the past thatr '-TawBK'TveTiloTisly near'ijeing "eatless."v !!But," she added, as if an after-'iWiMalftt' it is fashionable nowa-jjaBPsNiTbe poor for the sake of pa-fWftfTim. To belong to the ranks of-BtaBr-wfio are not only willing, butrrto "make sacrifices of any de-for the soldiers and sailors is'tatsriTOTe of a fine feather in one'siBpQi&nto be be-1 a member of the. :ajiw,Iously lazy class." Some wit' vakafcaaid that "in the future the fa- SUKftcsalutation hetween two womensspmnneeting will be "How are youx fileeteig, my dear"?'.' 'instead of the' J tficitous Inquiry'How are you feeljjmg to-day."TEke club woman says: "The costOBTlwtter and eggs;" not to mentioncost of the moVie tickets and allthings in "every" day life, isfly the chief topic of conversationcatfE tlH the 'wimmens' gatherings'" iftaie'dayg. Bridge -and other ganuessilwn " been placed on the black list,-oKStoagh theyaTe still played, and' 8Bm woman who is really worth while"!Ss The one wlio has knitted the great--aart iramber of socks (and she is.ZjwGy the envy of all the real womenj;4aw days.) She even puts one over, the housekeeper who has-learned- make real good war bread. This"Sb taejeed, a day of surprises, and""""Cfte -unexpected may happen at anyA Terrible Picture.' Two little girls lie on a blood-awkei bier, the warmth of life not. -i" ckilled in their pitiful bodies.- Oa the dead face of-one is an ex-of mortal ugony." The otherto race it is a oatterea mass or.-eeh, cut awaV by a bayonet., One Tittle gifl has" but one leg.other is a stump, ragged lacer-'bleeding frord the blow of an. i JThe second little girl has lost bothuas lost oomThose-pitiful'XTjiuii ii'-the same'W4iy.stumps, ending just below the knees,Laretoo'vghastly .forecription. InIhe ehiirsjgfieris a wide iaclsionthcruetfirust of a bayonet.Horrible?Yes!But a more damning indictment ofGerman "kultur" than any of thecountless crimes that can be laid atthe door of only one man WilhelmH, Emperor of Germany.That picture is no product of theimagination. It is an actual photograph in the possession of Dr. NewellDwight Hillis. Those little girlswere Belgians, not more than 13years old, and4' the photograph wastaken soon after they were outraged,tortured in a manner that would revolt the most barbarous savage, andfinally murdered by the Kaiser'sbrutes.Horrible as it is, that photographshould be copied and recopied anddisplayed to the public in every cityand hamlet in America.Can you doubt that it would remove from the mind of every man,woman or child seeing it, be theyGerman-bora or American, the lastvestige of doubt that the Huns whoperpetrated such deeds and theirruler must be wiped off the face ofthe earth?Don't Swap Horses !Judge Bethurum says lie will carry every congressional district in theprimary Saturday week, with the possible exception of the Fourth, andthat he will get more votes in theEleventh district for U. S. Senatorhan Dr. Bruner, his Republican opponent, will get in the entire State.Possibly, but what will it profit him,except the gratification of beatingBruner, to get all the Republicanvotes and lose out in the final election? If the State would elect a Republican at any time it would hardlydo so now over a tried and true man.A green man, no matter how capable, would be worse than a notch ona stick in the Senate in this worldcrisis.Speed The Coming Day."No Germans remain south of theMarne, except prisoners and dead,"ieads a message from the front.Praise the Lord, with even greaterunction than beloved BrotherBarnes used to ejaculate. ' Firmlybelieving in the justice of goodnessof Almighty God, we believe that before many months another dispatchwill come as follows: "No Germansnorth of the Marne, except prisonersand dead," and then our brave andbeloved sons and friends will comemarching home with victory perchedon their banners and the mark ofhero on every one of them. Our heartalmost bursts with joy as we contemplate the happy time.Liars, Indeed.It is to be 'noted that the Germanofficial statements still ignore thepresence of American troops on theFrench front. There is nothing surprising in this fact, however, sincethe German press and German command have been busy for somemonths installing into the minds ofthe masses and enlisted personnel ofthe army the notion that Americansoldiers do not count.The press has been particularlycareful to point out the Americanswill not fight except when they wishto. Those Germans opposed to theAmerican troops along the Marne bythis time must have come to the conclusion that American troops wish tofight at all times. They have had agood demonstration of what the tallYankees think is proper conduct in afight; and there is little doubt thatthey unanimously agree by this timethat the German press and the German command are incorrigible liars.More Wheat Needed.Kentucky farmers are asked to planfor 20 per cent, increase in wheatacreage next year. Kentucky coulddo better than that, but it is certainthat the State's farmers will meetthe requirements of the nation without quibble. There are grave questions to be settled between now andnext harvest, but it is not to bethought that the patriots of Kentucky will hesitate for a moment. Away will be found to settle all laborproblems and questions of finance.The first consideration is food for ourselves and our allies.V m mIron in Ukrlnla.Within the boundaries, of Ukralnla are found the principal availabledepotlts of iron ore In Russia. Thedevelopment of the- iron ore depositsof the .Krlyoi -Bog district rhas beenmainly responsible for ,the rapidgrowth of wthex Russian iron and steelindustry,, which fnow depends to anextent of about 70 per jcua on theIron ore in tae .southern' part of thecoaatryv ., w -The Age ef Retirement ""Do yduhtnlc a man' has passedhis -usefulness when he is forty?" "Itdepends on -drcmntstances. , If he hasaccamniatetieneugh sseney so that hecatf-'McWte belaty, kk usefulnessmay7 end' eves earlier."THAlMQWHrmi' v sHenry Johnson,' Colored Soldier,Split a Lot of Hun SkullsWith :tfie Weapon.WAS ADOPTED FROM MOROSWar Department Now Issues the Terrible Cteaver to 8ome of OurTroops, and the GermansDon't Like It at AILWashington. A year ' ago HenryJohnson, a colored citizen of Albany,N. Y., was peddling ice, coal and woodin contented obscurity. Today HenryJohnson, a soldier of the United States,is wearing the coveted French warcross with palms, because he provedhimself a brave man, and because atthe critical moment he got his handson a bolo knife.The cable has told of Henry's exploithow on night duty with a companion in an American listening posthe 'took on" 24 marauding. Germansin a swift rough-and-tumble, killedsome of them with his rifle, bombedothers from his basket of grenades,and then, even after he had beenwounded, split so many skulls with hisbolo that all the enemy left on theirfeet after meeting Henry became suddenly and violently homesick.The bolo knife which Henry wielded'so well weighs one pound and threeounces without its scabbard, and hasa broad 14-inch blade. It is sharpenedto a razor edge, and near the endruns abruptly to a thrusting point Butone of its chief virtues as a small-armis its cleaving power. Most of theweight of the knife is distributed alongthe back of the blade.Americans first ran up against thebolo in the Philippines. Over there itwas originally an agricultural tool, justas the machete was in Cuba, andblacksmiths at country crossroads hammered it ont infinitely and in all sortsof forma. The "kria" with its curlyblade is a form of bolo, and the "campilan" is a bigger bolo.Was Weapon of the Moras.It was up among the Moros that itwas developed for war purposes. Inthe - underbrush it proved a very terrible weapon, as many a trooper foundto his cost. A stroke in the tropicalnight just one counted for a majorAmerican, casualty. After, a while oursoldiers -found there was no particular knack in the Malay use of the bolothey could not master; Then they began to capture boloe. And so, afterthe war ended, bolos kept coming sackto the United States as souvenirs.But it was not until 1910 that thewar department tried the experimentof issuing the bolo knife as a regularpart of the American equipment Itwas 'used and tested by our men inMexico, but there It was employedchiefly as a tool rather than a weapon.It was not until our khaki-garbed boys,went down into the French trenchesthat the bolo knife proved lta right tobe-considered "the last line of defense"'and a life-saver to the man' who unsheathed itOur colored troops display a specialaptitude and affection for this weapon.The white fighter Is inclined to relyupon his automatic pistoii in an emergency at close quarters, but the colored man in uniform take ae naturaliy to the bolo knife as hedoes torwell, as he does to the name of "Mr.Johnson."Issued to U. 8. Troops.The bolo knife Is issued to ourtroops in two sizes the smaller sizeof the type which Henry Johnson used,,and a larger knife employed exclusively by field artillery batteries. Thislatter is practically a short sword,comparable to the principal' weaponof the old Roman legionaries. It istwo feet long and weighs betweenthree and four pounds. Of course, being issued only to artillerymen whoare not ordinarily actually at gripswith the enemy, it is intended mainlyas a sort of underbrush cutter. Butin the hands of a desperate man fighting for his life it is a terrible- persuader.The bolo is in no sense a: trenchknife. That is Issued to every manin the ranks and is a special tool notmeant for fighting save at the lastgasp. But the 14-inch bolo knife isessentially a weapon. It is issued tosix per cent of our infantry forcesnot regularly to every seventeenthman, but as occasion may require orthe Immediate commanding officer maydirect Henry Johnson .was given hisbecause he was assigned to particularly dangerous duty in a listening postOthers may be equipped with boloKnives ior instance, as members oia special detachment to accompanyraiding forces within the enemy lines.'Thete work must be quick, silent andthorough. From LnneVUle to Cantignythe Germans have found it so. -The small arms division of the United States ordnance department believes that the bolo knife has points ofsuperiority-over any knife-in mse Onthe European battlefield, else it wouldnot have bjaenadojted.for our use.Hatf Asked His Ma.New Philadelphia, O. That hismother, Mrs. Leanox, is living inBridgeport, Conn., at the age of onehundred and six was what WilliamLennox, aged seventy, -told DeputyProbate Judge .X..T. D. Bold wfcen' r00 - -x. . aapplied for a license toweMMvtzmmm-r' U5CEASOT G MISERYSqme'Parii Kidney- Suf erers Get litk 3 tie "Rest oh Oeioforit $, JK - '1 'There is little sleep, little rest, little peace for many a sufferer fromkidney trouble. Life is one continualround of pain. You can't rest atnight when there's kidney backache."You suffer twinges and "stabs" ofpain, annoying urinary disorders,lameness and nervousness. YoucanU be comfortable at work withdarting pains and blinding dizzyspells. Neglect these ailments andserious troubles may follow. Beginusing Doan's Kidney Pills at thefirst sign of disorder. Thousandshave testified to their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtijines in the past and have beengreatly benefited. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too- freely, makingme get up often at night. I haveused a box of Doan's Kidney Pills atthose times and they have always ridme of the complaint. I think theyare a splendid medicine' and gladlyrecommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney rejmedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatM,r. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Pictures In the Home.Jk room without pictures is like aroom without windows. Pictures- areloopholes ot escape to the soul, leading to other scenes and other spheres.Pictures are consolers of loneliness;they are books, they are histories and'sermons, which we can read withoutthe trouble of turning over the leaTes..Downing. ,Much DifferentAfter a woman has been married amonth or two she discovers that seeing a man only Wednesday and Sunday evenings is a vastly different prop-Hosition from seeing him every day in.the week.FINAL NOTICE!Those who have not complied withthe law as to the cleaning of vaults,privies and cess pools are now notified that for the next 10 days theymay secure the services of Ben Hawkins,, who has returned to Paris forthe above specified time and may befound at the residence of CharlesBishop, colored, on Seventh street,Cumb. phone 515.This notice is important and thosewho have not obeyed the orders ofthe Health Board will be proceededagainst according to law.A. H. KELLER,City Health OfficerBy order City Board ,of Health.(19Ut)Opening Notice!We are now ready to receive patients and customers in our new aadcommodious office on the second floorof First National Bank building, formerly occupied by Dr. Stern. Wehaive, I believe, the best equipped amdmost up-to-date optical office in Central Kentucky, and aim, as heretofore, to do a strictly high grade business, nothing else. Service and quality Is the two words that has markedonr success, utrr worK aoes give satisfaction, as is attested by hundredsof eye glass wearers. Ask yourfriends, and then come and see us.You incur nc- obligation by calflxngon us.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Public SaleFurniture, Carpets, Etc.The Paris Business Mten's Club,having been discontinued;, they willoffer at public sale onSaturday, Aug. 3, 191$,at 2 p. m., on the premises, corner ofFifth and Main streets, the following: 1 good roll-top offtee desk andchair;2 leather rockers;1 library table;2 rugs;Several pictures;1 leather couch;2 book racks;3 electric fans;1 rOund table;1 handsome Mahogany sideboard;1 old-fashioned safe and dishes;2 dozen chairs;54 lockers in two sections strongand well built, locks on same;3 gas stoves;Shower connection for bath, hood,spray, etc.; - -Awnings, screens and windowshades.Lots of other things too numerousto mention. 'The proceeds from the sale of theabove mentioned goods will be donated to the local Chapter of theRed Cross and the Massie MemorialHospitai.GEO. DOYLE,Secretary Paris. Business Men's 'Club.(td) :niGp"vjunk, hides and wool.-as. lia 1 1 ru 1 1 i-i jr. ,.a iiiuiu jr. fn,-.-. -. -. , ."O " wr. . fcr, -.rf .,uumD. i-none 6t.(23-tf)Women Attendantsr wrtr.pWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)FURNITURE, ETCOwing to my husband having entered the service of the United Statesin the army, necessitating a changein our household arrangements, Iwill sell at public auction, on thepremises, No. 1218 High street, inthis city, onSaturday July 27, 1918,at about 2:30 p. m., the followingdescribed articles of household andkitchen furniture:1 Buffet;1 China Clcset;6 Chairs;1 Extension1 Table;1 Serving Table;1 Wilton Rug;1 Pad For Table;1 Refrigerator;1 Vaccum Sweeper;2 Ivory Wicker Chairs;1 Costumer;1 White Enamelled Iron Bed;1 Way Sagless Springs;1 Mattress;1 Wilton Rug1 Porch Swings1' Library Table;2 Mahogany Chairs;2 Large Rugs;-r Small Rug;r Stepladder;1 Kitchen Cabinet;1 Kitchen Table;2 Kitchen Chairs.r Shade for large window;1 lot of assorted shades for win-'dbws and doors;1 lot Kirsch window and door cur-ftain rods;1 Kitchen Range;1' Door Mat;1 Heater, 2 Burners; 1 Copper CoilWater Heater;1" small bath room Stove and lotof fine Bath Room Fixtures;1 large Metal Garbage Can.MRS. BERNARD SANTEN.TERMS CASH-GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.Notice of Sale ofBONDS$20,000.00 f. Sewer Bondsof the City of ParisCity Hall, Paris,. Ky., July, 16, 1918.Pursuant to ordinances of theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,sealed bids wilt be received in openCouncil on Thursday, August 8, 1918,at 8 o'clock- ps m., for the sale of$20,000.00 off. bonds in the City ofParis, Kentucky, for the purpose ofconstructing a sewer in said city.Said bonds bearing the date of 1stday of September, 1918, and are ofthe denomination of $500.00 each,which nUjEdber consecutively from 1to 40 and! mature as follows, to-wit:$1, 000. 00iq& November 1st, 1920, and$l,000.00on the first day of November in each succeeding year up toand including the 1st day of November, 193.Said bonds bear interest at therate of 5 per annum, payable semiannually on the first day of May andNovember of each year; principal andinterest payable in gold coin of theUnited States of America, of the present standards of weight and finenessaad. payable at the Bank of America,in the City of New York.Each bidder is required to accom-Epany'his bid with a certified check. for an amount equal to 5 of his bid,payable to W. W. Mitchell, Treasurerof the City-of Paris. Checks of allunsuccessful bidders will be returned immediately and the check of thesuccessful bidder will be held andwill apply on the purchase price ofsaid bonds. If the successful bidderfails to carry out his contract to payfor said bonds, said sum of 5 willbe retained as liquidated damagesfor such failure. The right is Preserved to reject any and all bids.E. B. JANUARY,y Mayor of the City of Paris,Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.Public SaleOFFor Rentluoaern cottare of aix Trvm.next tn Twm t,a nt.iTZi?F&... uuu .U..IKU SLIHRrS-. .Cumberland Phone 142.iza-tr;For Sale or Rent.OneTTlfi"-hnrco-TiriTTTA.."' Wl rgine,.v urarr-acou en-in good condition. Call on oraddress,M"RS J&ntr Tm-rvr.206West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.I (18-tf).nuine .fnone 397.An OrdinanceTO AMEND Aff ORDINANCE PASSED OH THE 11TH DAY OF OCTOBER, 1917, coircEBinireANlTPEOVIDBra TOR the issuance OP' BONDS OP TEE CITTOP PAHISKENTUCKY, IN THESUM OP $20,00K0a TO EXTENDTHE SEWER PROM STONER AV-enue:to southvmain street.City Hall, Paris, Ky., July, 16, 1918,i BE IT ORDAINED by the Boarrt ffCouncil of the1 City of Paris, Ken-jtucky:That Section 1 of an ordinancepassed by ther Board of Council ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, uponthe 11th day of- October, 1917, entitled, "An Ordinance Concerning andProviding for the Issuance of Bondsof the City of Paris in the sum of$20,000.00, Etc." be, and the same ishereby amended, so as to read asfollows:SECTION 1 That the Mayor ishereby authorized and directed tobe prepared bonds of the City ofParis, Kentucky, in the sum of$20,000.00; said bonds to be of thedenomination of $500:000 each to bedated September 1, 1918, and numbered consecutively fromrone to fortyand to mature as followsr$1,000.00 November l 1920.$1,000.00 November i; 1921.$1,000.00 November I, 1922.$1,000.00 November i;.1923.$1,000.00 November I, 1924.$1,000.00 November 2 1925.$1,000.00 November 1, 1926.$1,000.00 November i; 1927.$1,000.00 November r,.1928.$1,000.00 November I, 1929.$1,000.00 November 21 1930.$1,000.00 November I", 1931.$1,000.00 November i; 1932.$1000.00 November Ii.1933.$l0r00.00 November i;.2934.$1,0T)0.00 November r.1935.$1,000.00 November 1, 2936.$1,000.00 November 1 1937.$1,00.00 November 1.2938.$1,000.00 November I; 1939.Saia' bonds shall bear- interest atthe rate of five per cent. (5) perannum, payable semiannually uponthe first day of May and! November ofeach year, until the payment of theprincipal thereof.Both principal and interest shallbe payable in gold coin ofthe UnitedStatas of America, of the presentstandard of weight and!' fineness, atthe Bank of America, im the City ofNew York, N. Y. Said bonds shall besigned by the Mayor, countersignedby the Clerk of the saiffiCity, the sealof the City affixed an? the couponsmay bear the fascimile signature ofsaM Clerk.SECTION 2 The Mayor is directecT to advertise the saie of said bondsin: the official publications in Paris,Kentucky, .once a week for two consecutive weeks and in the BondBuyer, which is puMished in NewTork City, in one issue thereof andto receive sealed bfe for said bondsixai uycu ujuuuu iu jiiy nail, m'Paris, Kentucky, on Thursday, Aug.8, 1918, at eight o-clock p. m.SECTION 3 Said bonds shall notbe sold for less than par and accrued-interest.SECTION 4 Each bidder shall accompany his bfd with a certifiedcheck for five- per cent, of the totalamount of his-bid; which check shallbe made payable to W. W. Mitchell,Treasurer of the City of Paris, andthe checks of all unsuccessful bidders shall be returned immediatery tosuch bidders, and the check of thesuccessful bidder shall be retainedand such successful bidder shall begiven credit for the amount of suchupon his bid for such bonds.In the event of the successful bidder failing to take said boads andpay the price bid therefor, said sumof five-per cent, will be retained bythe City of Paris as liquidated damages for such failure on the part ofsaid bidder to" carry out his contract.SECTION 5 The right is reservedto reject any and all bids.SECTION 6 This ordinance shallbe in full force and effect from andafter its passage and publication aarequired by law.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor of the City of Paris.Attest:JVW. HAYDEN, Clerk. -,(julyl3-2.V f , v, '.Ii' V-: 3,-,H-t'Ji -M$4-r FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1918. THE BB?AE.ftgafrjtfsgs amiMxvi. .. .Ac. hwaj, .af-wKrtwsir e,.HM.SV3-fc ' t.MM$W3 ..;.HUNS DEFACE STATUE OP CHEIST1W itftims.Germany's utter lack of respect foranything wa told in a graphic manner by Arthur S. Riggs, in a lectureat Buffalo, N. Y., recently.Illustrating German kultur, Mr.Riggs told of the wrecking of theRiems cathedral: "There the Germans tore the figure of Christ fromthe crucifix and smeared its facewith filth," he said. Pictures ofFrance, devastated by the invadersK-ere shown during Mr. Riggs' lecture. There is a movement in Chicago torebuild the Reims cathedral, he said.The Germans, he continued, covetNew York City much more than thecovet Paris, and he related the talkof a Hun sympathizer to that effect.A splendid tribute was paid to theFrench nation for its war work."France was known as the gayestnation in the world before it was attacked, but it has frolicked , nonesince. It is 100 per - cent in thiswar," Mr. Riggs declared.3HOW AUTOS ARE STOLEN.A writer says in the July Farm andFireside:"The car-thief system or organization has at work a company ofspotters whose duty it is to niake anote of when and where cars are leftby their owners. They soon find outwhether the car owners carry anyprotecting devices, whether they locktheir ignition switches, and anythingelse that might prevent a speedy andtafe getaway. '"Sometime the engine number isdefaced, or the engine may be transferred to a chassis of another number. Various things are done whenthe thief organization is prepared tomake changes in a car in a specialgarage of their own. The greaternumber of cars stolen seem to betaken soon after the owners leavethem."The smooth thief in taking anautomobile knows how to get aroundthe ordinary switch."For this reason the owner shouldmake use of reliable means to foilthe thief. Removing some invaluablepart, like part of the distributor, orthe conductor bar of the magneto.",ir gHOLD YOUR LIBERTY BONDS.To successfully finance the war itis necessary that owners of LibertyBonds hold their bonds if possible.Where for any good reason it is -necessaryfor them to turn their bondsinto cash they should seek the adviceof their bankers.Liberty Loan Bonds are very desirable investments, and crafty individuals are using various means tosecure them from owners not familiar with stock values and like matters. One method is to offer to exchange for Liberty Bonds stocks orbonds of doubtful organizations represented as returning a much higherincome than the bonds.There are various other methodsused and likely to be used, some ofthe gold-brick variety and others lesscrude and probably within the liniitsof the law. All offers for Libertybonds except for money and at market value should be scrutinized carefully. The bonds are the safest ofinvestments and have nontaxable andother valuable features.To hold your Liberty Loan Bonds,if possible, is patriotic. To consultyour bankers before selling them iswise.is 3 ISKnew She'd Bought One.Wife I attended the mammoth saletoday. Hub Where are you going tokeep the darned thing?Passed on the Way.Every man who rises in any profeswslon must tread a path more or lessbedewed by the tears of those hfpasses on his way. Bayrie.MICKIE SAYSPONE, fcV tC -fikN fc Ki"WE WML IS SOON "T&VJNANkN, BUT ONE- If -THE-S1N." HE 80SS SANSi.ww i if - mi - i -rati hm i - -i rr - 1 1 V i-M-v-rWR TREATMENT SAVES LITEOP FORMER PAXIS MAN.THE NEWS is in receipt of a recent copy of the Los Angeles, Cali.,Times, giving an interesting accountof the treatment which saved the lifeof a former Paris boy, Mr. ClarenceErringer, who is now engaged inranching in California. The articleis timely in view of the fact that itis the first time the treatment hasbeen used in this country. Thetreatment, which was the discoveryof Dr. Alexis Carrel, a prominentAmerican surgeon, is described inthe article, wihch follows:"Devised in the base hospitals atParis for the relief of soldiers whowere victinis of liquid fire, the nowfamous Tarisienne', treatment forburns, which has proved such a blessing behind the battle line in France.has extended its influence until it hasfinally arrived in Los Angeles, wherea positive cure by it has just beenreported by two prominent localsurgeons who, for professional reasons, have requested that their namesbe withheld."The man who owes his life tothis most recent of important surgical discoveries js T. C. Erringer, aVentura county rancher. Five weeksago he was frightfully burned whileclearing brush from his ranch. Acan of gasoline exploded, flinging itsfirey liquid all over him. He hadsecond-degree burns all over hishands and arms up to the elbow.His abdomen and chest were a solidblister, and both of his legs werebadly bWned from the knees downward. Physicians who gave himemergency treatment expressed theopinion that his burns would provefatal."Suffering excruciating pains,Mr. Erringer was rushed to the Pacific Hospital in this city, wherewithin an hour two prominent surgeons had prepared his burns to receive an application of the antisepticpreparation which was discovered byDrs. Alexis Carrell and H. D. Dakin,two of the foremost American physicians and surgeons in the base hospital service in France since the outbreak of the war."My wounds were first thoroughly cleansed and dried," said Mr. Erringer, in telling his own story ofa remarkable recovery. "The Parisienne was blown upon the burnedarea through an atomizer, care being exercised to cover every particleof the burned surface and overlapon healthy skin. Each applicationgave me instant relief from terribleagony."On top of the thin layer df Paraffine that was blown upon myburns was placed a thin layer of absorbent cotton, wihch was paintedover by the use of a soft brush dipped in paraffine heated 130 deg.Fahr. Over all this was placed agauze bandage. For twenty-fourhours I enjoyed comfort which couldnot be obtained by any other method.The application was changed everyday."Five weeks ago I was a mass oiblisters and deep burns. To-dayfinds me a well (man, but had it notbeen for this discovery of science Isurely would have perished.'"The Carrel-Dakin preparation isa wax-like substance, consisting ofparaflne treated by the addition ofgum elemi, Japan wax and a purifiedasphalt, which modifies its physicalcharacter and make it more pliableand adhesive. A small amount ofeucalyptol is added to neutralize thedisagreeable odor emanating fromthe burned area."Elwood B. Haworth in the Journal of Surgery, Gynecology and Obstetrics, says that the treatment ofburns and granulating wound surfaces with paraflne preparation hasproved a distinct advance in surgery. Wounds cicatrize in one-thirdto one-half the time required by anyother method. The scar tissue isless dense and jmore flexible, and skinf-rnftine is not often required. Theaction of paraflne film applicationsupon granulations is largely mecnanical. On cooling, the film contractsand exerts a suction, thus inducingan active hyperaemia."Dr. Alexis Carrel was on thestaff of the Rockefeller Institute andDr Dakin was at the Hertel Laboratory in New York at the outbreak ofthe war. Both surgeons have givento the world many scientific discoveries which have aided materially inrestoring life and health to the sickand wounded. Their services in thebase hospitals in France have beenhighly commended, but the greatestof their work to date is the discovery of the parafflne treatment forburns, a system which, although discovered only a few months ago, hasalready contributed to the relief ofsuffering humanity in this community." A Confusing. Invitation.A man named Dodgin had been appointed foreman in a brickyard, buthis name was not known to all theemployes. One day while on hisround he came across two men sittingin a corner smoking, and stopped nearthem. "Who are yon?" asked one ofthem. "I'm Dodgin, the new foreman," he replied. "So are we," replied the other workers. "Sit downand have a smoke.". Transportation In Hankow.Within foreign concessions of Hani .v.. . o 4K7ifo0TiMl ftnrikshas.67 public carriages and 8t prfyaU. rao-A. -' A M ..,IKW nv,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings aad Golnrir tf OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Everett Clarke arevisiting friends in Danville.Miss Anna Belle Hall, of Mays-ville, is a guest of Miss Anna LouiseWhite.Misses Louise Connell and SoulaDavis are guests of Miss Helen Rippetoe, in Lexington.Miss Janet Lusk has concludeda pleasant visit to Miss EstherAldrich, in Coyington.Mrs. George Phillips, of Chicago, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Matthews,Mrs. Jos. Japes, Mrs. Ada Elyand Mrs. Stanley Bagby are visitingMrs. Martha Ely, at Paint Lick, Ky.Miss Anna Daugherty is a guestof her sister, Mrs. J. T. Hazlerigg,and Prof. Hazlerigg, in Shelbyville.Miss Leona Christman, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Gus Christman and family, near thiscity.Miss Helen Cain has as guest ather home on Higgins avenue, MissAdelaide Schmitt, of New Albany,Indiana.Miss Freida Heller is a guest offriends in Earlington, where she hasbeen a member of the High Schoolfaculty several terms.Miss May Mackey has returnedto her hojme in Maysville, after a twoweeks' visit to Misses Rosina andRuby Elder, in this city.Mr. J. Simms Wilson has returned from Oklahoma, where he hasbeen for several weeks, looking afterhis agricultural interests.Mrs. Pearl Campbell and MissesJessie and Stella Stone will leaveSunday for a visit to their sister,Mrs. Harry Boland, in Newport.Mrs. M. P. Laughlin has returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.Clay Bedford, at Robinson, and toMrs. Edgar Cason, in Cyrithiana.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. Wm.Hukill, Sr., on Broadway. Mrs. Hukill, who has been ill, is improving.Mrs. Margaret Burnett has asguests Mrs. Mary Henry, of Germantown, Mason county, and MissesAnnie and Nina Thomas, of Midway. Miss Cora Belle Rye, of Paris,who is associated with the Northcutt Dry Goods Company, at Cynthiana, is in New York, assisting inmaking stock selections for the firm.Mr. Jas. M. Russell left yesterday for New York City, accompaniedby his daughter, Mrs. Mabel Frank.The latter will go to Atlantic Cityon a vacation visit, and will remainin the East about seven weeks.Mr. Ossian Edwards, who hasbeen a guest of his fapnily in thiscity for several days past, has returned to his business duties inOhio and Indiana, where he is engaged on a Government contract.Miss Mary Adams Lincoln hasreturned to her home in Louisville,after a visit to friends in this city.Miss Adams was maid of honor atthe wedding Monday of Miss Elizabeth Brown and Rev. John Jay Rice.Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger hasleased the residence of Mrs. MinnieWilson, at the corner of High andNinth streets, and will move to itabout the first of next month fromher present hope on Mt. Airy avenue. Mrs. Lou Davis Redmon andMrs. Mary Walker, who were injuredin an automobile accident on theNorth Middletown pike, near Paris,some time ago, are improving, andhave been able to leave the MassieMemorial Hospital for their homes!Mrs. Redmon is improving, but remains at the institution.Among the out-of-town guestsat the Brown-Rice wedding Mondaywere Rev. J. J. Rice, of Fulton, Mo.,father of the groom; Mr. DukeBrown, of the University of Virginia,brother of the bride; Miss Rice, ofFulton, Mo., sister of ' the groom;Mr. Robert J. Denny, Mrs. Taylor andMrs. Rogers, all of Nicholasville.Mr. Duke Brown is at homefrom the University of Virginia,where he is taking the summercourse of study. Mr. Brown came toParis to attend the wedding of hissister, Miss Elizabeth Brown, to Rev.John Jay Rice, which occurred inthis city Monday. Mr. Brown will remain several days for a visit tofriends and relatives.The following beautifully-en-raved announcement cards havebeen issued:"Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown announce the marriage of their daughter. Elizabeth, to Reverend John JayRice, on Monday, July the twenty-second, Paris, Kentucky, nineteenhundred and eighteen."At Home after September first,121 Duncan avenue."(Other Personals on Page 5.)1st t TSIN NEW BUSINESS.Mr. R. Frank Collier, proprietorof the Woodlawn Dairy, near thiscity, has leased the s'table at the corner of Main and Second street, recently conducted by Mr. Grover Butler, and will operate it in the future.Mr. Butler is now in' the service ofUncle Sam, having gone to FortThomas with the Bourbon countycontingent last Monday, and latertransferred to the army camp atCamp Meade, in Maryland.Hammer away at your difficultieswith your self-confidence and theywill soon fall shattered 'from yourf ify?s XJjr&.yft?" oilUjXp7LYDIA E. PINKHAM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUND-WAMING TO MILLERS AS TOMIXING FEEDS.In a statement issued recently M.Sackett, Federal Food Administratorfor Kentucky, calls attention to aruling effective since May, which provides that wheat millers shall in noinstance mix any greater proportionof wheat in mixed feeds than duringthe year 1917. According to thestater1 en t, many complaints havebeen leceived that millers are avoiding the low price set for wheat niillfeed by mixing these feeds withsmall quantities of other grains andthen labeling them with a fancyname and selling them at highprices. In order to prevent abnormalprices for patent feeds, the State Administrator has ordered auditors torequire a complete statement ofmixed feeds sold and the grain proportions, for this year and last, andME&inVmillers are suspected of violations of the rule specific statementsas to operations by months will berequired.PS 153 3CALL FOR 50,000 COLORED REGISTRANTS. WASHINGTON, July 25. Fiftythousand negro registrants qualifiedfor general military service havebeen called to the colors by ProvostMarshal General Crowder.They will entrain between Aug. 1and 5 and will come from forty-oneStates and the District of Columbia.mmONE MILLION HUNS "CHOKED"SINCE MARCH.PARIS, July 25. According to &review of the military situation inL'Homme Libre, the newspaper own-1ed by Prejmier Clemenceau, the Ger- tman losses since March z are approaching 1,000,000 men.HATSGet YoursNowTwin Bros., Department StoreMain and 7th Pric Kv.------- "- - --- - ---f ---fyotftQftfi f- Cr i ?Should Profit by the Experienceof These Two WomenBuffalo, N. Y. "I am the mother of four children, ancT fbrrnearly three years I suffered fromin my back and side, and a general weakness. I had professional attendance most of that time but did not seem toget well. As a last resort I decided to try Lydia E .Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which I had seenradvertised in the newspapers, and in two weeka noticeda marked, improvement. Inow free from pain and -work." Mrs. B. B. Zieunska, 202 Weiss Street-.Buffalo, N. Y.Portland, Ind. "I had a displacement andsufferedso badly from it at times I could not be on. my feet,at alL I was all run down and so weak I could notdo my housework, was nervous and could not lie?down at night. I tookbut they did not helpLvdia E. Pinkham'sit and now I am strong and well again and: do;,my own worK ana i give J-.yaia &. Jtauiam'stCompound the credit." Mrs. Josephine.Kimble, 935 West Race Street, Portland, Led,.Every Sick Woman Should TryLYDIA E.PiNKHAMSee Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the test of .years-. ;C. S. BALLCor.9 Fourth' .a female trouble with pains;continued its use and sable to do all my housetreatments from a physician.me. My Aunt recommended.Vperpf - ,fl.hlp. PrvrrnvrnTirJ T tripifMEDICINE CO. LYNH.MASSvi;w,, - V - "k-R--L. iAll Kinds of-Pleasant St: .GARAGE-35VBr5K2&vh?:!4i-Ll..:!.-i VWJFf iBrVTM'Kr&&4-ifc- tirilIIitirpfcVtE?'.y'tsJtor kw9success-pathway. ,H-. fS5,.i5WiSTHE BOUBBON HJS, PAWS, JET.MUDAY; JULY 2$, llf .rm.' "SFOXParjirpeople will be given a chanceto-morrow afternoon and evening atthe -Alamo and the Grand to see aformer Paris boy, Eads BernardThornton, as a star in "the movies."Mr. Thornton will be shown on thescreen ''as "Harvey Greyson," astruggling, young writer, in the support of June Caprice, in the Fox filmplay, "The Heart of Romance," saidto be one of the hits of the season.Mrw Thornton is a native of Paris,receiving his education at the oldParis City School. He is a grandsonof the late Mr. Mathew Howard, anda nephew of Mrs. Nellie StokerHighland, of this city. He earlymanifested histrionic tendencies, andwas .t an early age, prominent inamateur theatricals in this city. He"also developed decided musical talentand -became eventually a skilled musician. For several years he was "anthe road" with a number of roadcompanies as, musical director, andin later years was treasurer of theGrand Opera House, in New YorkCity. He is a brother of Mr. Matthew Thornton, who is connectedwith the Cincinnati office of one ofthe leading film concerns.Mr. Thornton's many friends andacquaintances will no doubt be onhand at the Alamo and the Grand tosee how their former associate"looms up" as a movie star. Thepart Mr. Thornton assumes is saidto be' a good one, and gives him opportunity to exploit his dramaticabilities, which he possesses in amarked degree.There is a distinct human appealin "The Heart of Romance," JuneCaprice's very latest production forWilliam Fox. There is the houseparty, the good fellowship of the boy-&nd tfie girl soon ripening into love,he petty quarrel, and a score of additional incidents equally familiar,but all deftly woven into a story thatis original and absorbingly interesting. Through the play run the fortunes of an author described by EadsBernard Thornton, who plays thepart, as "a chap who writes for aliving, but can barely live on hiswriting."FARMERS ARE JUSTLPED IN SAVIN WHEAT FOR SEED."Farmers are justified in retaining wheat for seed purposes and tosell wheat for seed purposes." Thisannouncement was made recently byFood Administrator LawrenceMitchell, who has had several callscome to him from farmers who hadmisunderstood the question of Government control of the wheat crop.Mr. Mitchell also stated that theprice was -not limited in the sale ofwheat for seed purposes. It seemsthat a wrong impression of the rightsof the farmer toward his wheat crophas been given to the farmers of thiscounty, as well as to those of severalof the adjoining counties. The wheatcrop is the farmers, and the Government asks only for jurisdiction, andthe rules governing this are wellknown to all farmers.But for seed purposes and wheatwhich a fajmer desires to retain tosell to his neighbor may be retainedby the farmer from his crop.SHORT BALLOT IN THE 1918 DEM- OCRATIC PRIMARY.It will not require a very long timeto count the votes in the Democraticprimary, August 3. The only race inwhich there is a contest is the nomination of a candidate for UnitedStates Senator. The candidates fornomination are Senator Ollie M.James and Col. W. P. KimbalL Thereis really no contest in that race, foraiotwithstanding the fact that KimbalUs name is on the ballot, he advises' the voters to nominate SenatorJames. Mr. Kimball's position hasmerely resulted in the cost of printing the ballots in Bourbon county.s There is a lively fight for the Republican nomination for UnitedStates Senator with Dr. Ben L. Bruner, of Louisville, and B. T. Bethurum, of Somerset, as opposing candidates. Bethurum claims that theRepublican organization is behindhim and that he will get all of themountain vote, but Bruner says" thatlie has a little organization all hisown ."which will result in his nomi-nation.c"w PaMETAL CONTROL WRESTED FROM. GERMAN FIRMS.Germany's control of the metal industry in America has been wrestedby Alien Property Custodian PalmerSeveral of the largest concerns in thiscountry, with ramifications in SouthAmerica, were seized by the Government The business of L. Vogelstein& Co., Inc., of New York, with assetsof $9,000,000, and Berr, SondheimerC6., also of New York, have beentaken over, together with other concerns-indifferent parts of the country. XEHTUCKlAff SAVED FLAG WHENSAN DIEGO SANK.Relatives in Franklin, Ky., have-received word that J. C. Forgy, aU. S. marine, who was on boardthe San Diego when it was torpe-doedand sunk, landed safely. According to the message Forgy cutdowa. the flag and saved it from goiag 4dwn with the vessel. He is a4iepliew of County Judge D. H. Hatter, at Franklin -?iKS3oy now nr theHUT FORCES. sMAYOfc ISSUES PROCIiAKATION'OSSEHVE'SILENT PRAYERMayor E. B. January has promulgated the following proclamation,which was read from all the churchpulpits of this city, last Sunday, calling upon the people to pray at nooneach day for the success of Americaand the Allies in the war:"Believing the people of Paris, Ky.,are eager to realize their highestefficiency in aiding the cause forwhich our boys and our allies arefighting; realizing the power of concentrated thoughts and prayers, asMayor of the City of Paris, I ask ofyou to unite on a plan which will, indefinite, concrete manner, unite ourthoughts and prayers:"Beginning Sunday, July 21, 1918,and continuing every day until peaceshall have been won by victory forour cause, I shall cause the fire bellin the tower of the City Building tobe tapped five times at 12 o'clocknoon; and then let each of us stopwhatever work or recreation in whichwe are engaged for at least one minute, and unite in a patriot's pledge,consecrate ourselves to the cause offreedom, and offer a silent prayerfor Our Counrty, Our Home and OurBoys."In this connection THE NEWShas been asked by prominent citizensto suggest that an interval of atleast five minutes should be allowedto elapse between the striking ofthe hour of twelve and the strokeof the fire bell, and should be tolled.Many people do not yet understandthe meaning of the bell strokes following so closely upon the strikingof the hour of twelve by the courthouse elock. -The observance of the"silent prayer" will become moregeneral 'when this is better understood. ALLOWANCE OF FL0UR.T0 FARMERS NOW TWELVE POUNDSFarmers in the future will be allowed twelve pounds of flour for eachmember of their families, instead ofthe regulation six pounds allowed upto this date, according to information received here Wednesday. Thisannouncement was made to the Bourbon county farmers in a circular letter to the Food Administrator, Mr.Lawrence Mitchell, by Mr. Fred M.Sackett, of Louisville, State FoodAdministrator. Farmers will" also beallowed to receive their flour withoutthe substitutes heretofore sold themat the time of their purchases offlour. The Federal communicationreads as follows:"Farmers are permitted a supplyof flour from the milling or exchangeof their own wheat so as to maketheir stock of flour 12 lbs. per jmonthfor each member of their householdor establishment without being required to take any substitutes."But, for the present, farmers mustnot take flour in excess of the supply needed on the above basis, to lastthem until October 1, 1918. Farmersreceiving such a supply must signthe regulation certificate."This new ruling of twelve poundsper month for each individual instead of the former six pounds allowance does -not affect the substituterule now in force, of fifty-fifty or thequantity rules now in force of sixpounds per month per person in thefamily or establishment as to anyother purchaser except those farmers who bring in their home-grown1918 wheat."ESCAPED INMATE ARRESTEDWhile passing down Main streetWednesday afternoon Dr. WilliamKenney noticed a man whose actionsstruck him as being peculiar and suspicious. Dr. Kenney questioned theman, but could get -no intelligiblereplies from him as to where he camefrom, and what he was doing inParis. The man was taken by Dr.Kenney to the police headquartersat the City Hall, where after sometime and much patient questioningit developed that he was an escapedinmate from the Central KentuckyHospital for the Insane, at Lexington. Investigation developed furtherthat the man's name was McKinkleyGoosney, which was the name he hadgiven to Dr. Kenney and the policeafter they had put him through acourse of "sprouts." Chief of PoliceLink communicated with the authorities at the Hospital, stating the circumstances of the man's arrest, andreceived a reply to hold him. Laterin 'the day an attendant came fromthe Hospital and took Goosney backto Lexington with him.Ri Es iNEWS REPRESENTATIVES OPENOFFICES HERE.Mr. Sherman H. Stivers, localagent and correspondent for the Lexington Daily Herald, and Mr. RobertS. Porter, local correspondent forthe Louisville and Cincinnati dailies,have leased the room on Main streetrecently vacated by Dr. W. R. Franklin, for many years the Western Union telegraph office.The offices have been fitted upwith -a view to utility and practicaluse paore than for reception rooms.Being close to telegraph and telephone offices gives the news gatherers a larger scope so that all willbe grist that comes to their mill.German newspapers are sarcasticover the American troops in Francemuch more sarcastic than the German soldiers facing the Americansaie.v, - y.i "'A PAGEvFROMv ROMANCE.OU)..Some time ago a troop train, passing through Paris with a large .detachment 6t soldiers from a cantonment in Ohio was held at the Tenthstreet passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville, in this city forseveral minutes' beyond its scheduleddeparture time, in order that a groupof young ladies might speak wordsof cheer and enocuragement to thesoldiers. The men were presentedwith souvenirs and with substantial, also, with which to make theirweary journey to a Southern capip alittle bit more cheerful. A few daysago one of the young ladies receivedthe following letter, names beingwithheld for reasons that will at onceappear obvious:"Camp Gordon, July 20, 1918,"Miss"In the first place let me offer abrief explanation. No doubt whenyou receive this letter your curiositywill be aroused. You will wonderwhat 'kind of a looking' soldier hastaken the liberty of writing to you,unsolicited. And, maybe, I, too, amwondering just what 'kind of a looking' young lady I am writing .to."Well, here is how it all cameabout. About six weeks ago a trainload of Ohio soldiers passed throughyour fair city on their way to CampGordon, Georgia, 'the land that Godforgot.' We were all very much impressed with the reception we receiveed in your city, and the memory ofthe sapie clings to me yet. I oftenthink of the beautiful sceneryabounding in your State, and try tocompare it with this Godforsakenplace. Whenever I do your Stateseems like Paradise in comparison."But how did I get your name andaddress? One of the soldiers handedit to me in the train, and this is thefirst opportunity I have had to writeto Pari, Ky. I am doing so with nointention other than to try to expressmy gratitude and appreciation to allthe young ladies who were kindenough to turn-out and welcome us,and give us a cheery word of greeting, wishing us Godspeed. Of course,I do not mean that I would not bepleased to hear from you in fact, itwould please me greatly."We are so far away from homethat mail from 'God's country' is always eagerly received. I amSincerely Yours,"SERGT. L P. M ."fe fe aCUT FLOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are' used.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.m m mMARGOLEN'S SPECIALS FOR THIS' WEEK READ 'EM OVER.For the benefit of those who failedto take advantage of our big specialslast week, we have decided to offeragain this week the following bigbargains:Pure hog lard in 25 pound cans at27 cents per pound. Special for thisweek only.Pic-nic sugar-cured hams at 28cents per pound, for this week only.Three pounds of county bacon,streak of lean and streak of fat,home cured, for $1.00.This is your chance to buy the bestat a great saving. Take advantageof these specials NOW, as they willbe higher next week.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (23-2t)IISLICENSES REQUIRED FOR STOCK-YARDS AND LIVE STOCKDEALERS.A Federal license by every commercial stockyard in the countrywhich is to continue in business after July 25, 1918; and by all commission merchants and dealers in livestock in connection with stockyards,is required by a proclamation issuedby the President. The licensing proclamation is one of a series issued bythe President, under authority of theFood Control Act of last August,bringing the dealing in necessitiesunder the control of the FederalGovernment.)s fe SLEXINGTON COLORED FAIR CALLED OFF BY WAR.The colored fair, the oldest negrofair in the" State and the oldest of itskind in the South, held annually inthe fall at Lexington, has been declared off this year, according to theannouncement pade Monday.Reasons for calling off the fair forthis year were that attractions couldnot be obtained and that on September 1 soldiers will occupy the fairgrounds.The colored fair has been heldevery year for 49 consecutive years.This year would have been the 50thanniversary of the fair.WALNUT LOGS WANTED.In carload lots: For Gun Stocksfor U. S. -Army rifles. All walnutpurchased by this company goes directly into Government work at burmills and factory at Louisville, Ky.,and New Albany, Ind. Log dealers-!and owners pf standing timber-writeus, what falnutvyou can furnish;Address Wood-Mosaic Co., 'Inc., 70bFirst National Bank Building1, Lexington, Ky. f. .. (i9.-6t)T,nrr,MORE AKENT THE "REMOVAL"OF THE L. & N. TERMINALS.As a result 6f the policy of theLouisville & Nashville railroad inrunning fast -freight trains throughthe city of Paris without stopping,from Covington to Corbin, a distance of 186 miles, Paris will sufferbut little interruption in a commercial way, and will be in the future,what it has been in the past, one ofthe most important railway points onthe Louisville & Nashville system.These facts were brought out Tuesday at a conference between MayorE. B. January, members of the ParisCity Council and railway officials located at Paris. The Louisville &Nashville was represented at the conference by Superintendent J. A. Morrison, Master of Trains Jos. J. Grosche, Yardmaster George W. Wilderand Master Mechanic E. H, Gbrey.As a result of the conference theMayor and the Council were given tounderstand that the Louisville &Nashville will do all in its power toprotect the interests of the city andits citizens as far as it is consistentwith the business of the Company.None of the general offices will bemoved froni Paris. While a few ofthe employes of the road have beenmoved to Covington, Ravenna andother points on the road, the bulkof them will remain here, wherethey have property interests andhome ties, and the situation will remain practically unchanged.?s SaINTERESTING COPY OF INTERESTING OLD RELIC.The Winchester correspondent ofof the Lexington Daily Herald hasthe following in the issue, of yesterday: "A postcard copy of an old painting showing a scene at the Bourboncounty fair in 1852 is on display inthe window of the Winn FurnitureCompany. General Winfield Scott,who was then a candidate for President, is a prominent figure in thepicture, and two Winchester citizens, James F. Winn and' ColonelTom Phillips are also shown as children." The painting referred to was madefrom an old photograph taken at thetime of the visit of General Wool,of the U. S. Army, and Gen. Winfield Scott, of Mexican war fame,"who were then making a tour of theState. The old photo shows manyprominent citizens of the county,among them Hon. Brutus J. Clay,Col. John Cunningham and otherswho have long since passed into theOther world. The photo was madeon the site of the old Bourbon County Fair, now occupied by the ParisTobacco Warehouse Co.'s big building. Pa isa isTO THE BIBLE CLASS TEACHERSOF BOURBON COUNTYAdult Bible Class Teachers ofBourbon county, you have workedhard and need a rest. Some peoplehave the impression it is unpatrioticto take a vacation rest this year, butour National leaders are telling usthat no person who does brain-workshould neglect vacation during thesestrenuous times.: Have you decided just where youwill spend your vacation? Takeyour vacation at Camp Daniel Boone,July 30-August 2, during the AdultBible Class Training School Conference, You will have there all thevacation features plus the inspiration of the addresses, the informationof the lectures and fellowship ofChristian co-workers. Isn't this agreat combination? For particularscall the Y. M. C. A. Secretary or anyof his assistants.PS pa JE3INQUEST POSTPONED.' The inquest into the death of Mrs.Dee Broughton, of Paris, who waskilled in an automobile accident atDead Man's Curve, near Lexington,several weeks ago, was indefinitelypostponed at Lexington, Wednesday,by Coroner John Anglin.The postponement was caused bythe receipt of a certificate from Dr.D. B. Anderson, of Paris, statingthat Mrs. Nannie Hall, Miss LucilleButler and Mrs. Jesse Bannister, alloccupants of the car in which Mrs.Broughton was killed, were unable tobe present because of their injuriesAll three are still confined to theirhomes.Ua TsRACES AT MONTGOMERY FAIRSTOPPED BY RAIN.The Montgomery County Fair opened at Mt. Sterling, Wednesday, withan average crowd in attendance.Heavy rain fell in the afternoon after the race's were started and onlyone heat wes finished in the 2:14nace, which "was won by OratorBrooks, an outsider, who paid in mu-tuals twenty-two to one. HoraceMcKerron was second. Time 2:14.In the 2:17 trot the only heattrotted was won by Bernice MooreAvith Hugh Miller second. Time2:194. The two-year-old runningrace was won by Leota Fay, owned&y R. J. Faris, of Louisville, withCan She, owned by John Bradley,Lexington, second.The Derby race was postponed anda fine card has been arranged withthe unfinished pace and trot, three-year-old trot, the Derby race and.two other running races.m m mThe timber-possibilities of British.North Borneo are . to be investigatedy an expert fromjhe United States; Nhppi'the Government has employed.FRANK &CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSACLEARANCESALE -Remnantsr OF ALL KINDS :Great ReductionsSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & GO.LIGHTNING STRIKES MAN ANDWIFE, PERING CLOTHING.While visiting friends and relatives in Garrard county, Tuesday,Howard Stearns, well-known on theturf as a premier jockey, and hiswife, were struck by a flash of lightning during a storm, and severelyburned. The lightning struckStearns and his wife while they wereseated in the doorway of a house inwhich they had sought refuge fromthe 'storm.They were almost stunned andwere knocked into the yard by theforce of the blow. The lightningtore a shoe from Mrs. Stearns' foot,while Stearns' trousers were nearlytorn off his body. Part of the clothing of both parties was in flames,but was extinguished by the heavyrain falling at the time. They weretaken to Lancaster, where their injuries received attention, and laterbrought to the home of relatives inLexington.fe a feFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.EIRE IN MOVIE PLANT DESTROYSVALUABLE EELMS.Fire, which originated in the vaultof the Fox Film Company, at KansasCity, Wednesday, caused a loss estimated at $250,000. A lighted cigarette, accidentally dropped in thevault, caused .the flames.In an explosive flash of scores offilm reels the flames leaped fifty feetthrough the windows, setting fire tosurrounding business establishments.B-4 FIREInsure with -W.O. HiNTON &SON,AgtsKING GEORGE DECORATES TWOKENTUCKY NAVAL MEN.Two more Kentuckians receivedthe highest honor that it is possiblefor England to pay to a man of another country several days ago whenKing George conferred upon RearRear Admiral Jos. Strauss, formerlyof Lexington, the order of HonoraryKnight Commander of the Order ofSt. Michael and St. George and anHonorary Knight Commander of theOrder of Bath upon Rear AdmiralHugh Rodman, of Frankfort, Ky.The decorations were conferred bythe King during his recent inspectionof "the American. Navy which iswatpresent in foreign waters brigadewith the Grand Fleet of England.Tire American ressels' wereT given athorough inspection. hy the King af-jionter which the decorations were conferred. Rear Admiral Strauss is remembered as the son of the late RaphaelStrauss, of Lexington.For Immediate SaleMy three frame cottages locatedon Pleasant street, between Eleventhand Twelfth streets. These housescontain four rooms, hall, pantry.! front and back norches. ens and pW-tric lights. City water at door.Good cistern with each house. -MRS.E. C. KELLER,(26-5t) 1102 Main Street.Public SaleNELSON COUNTY 'FARM.TOWN HOME.ANDThe farm and town home of thelate John R. Downs, of Bloomfield,Ky., will be sold at Public Auctionat the north door of the Court Housein Bardstown, Ky., at one o'clockp. m.,MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1918,The town home is in Bloomfleldand attached to it is about 0 acresof meadow with pool watered pasture.Almost the entire place is nowinBlue Grass. The residence, which isone of the handsomest and mostcomfortable in town, has lately beenremodeled and modernized by the addition of a large screened porch withtile floor, bath, toilet, kitchen sink,with cold and hot running water andelectric lights throughout. There isa very large barn, chicken house,wash house, buggy shed, meat houseand milk cellar. rThis Is An Ideal Town Home Por- aSmall Dairy Parm.The farm is about 3 miles fromBloomfleld on a good pike and contains about 320 acres of the bestland in the county. It has long beenknown for its well kept conditionand for its large crops. It has a finesupply of stock water furnished bytwo large ponds and two branches.There is considerable good timberand plenty, of fire wood. Tobaccocan be raised practically anywhereon the farm. There' is a large andcopifortable brick house, a goodbarn and other out-buildings, all ingood repair.The .farm and town home will heI offered separately.C. P. WELLS,Administrator of John R. 'Downs,.Deceased. "(2-2tF) VrT;S' NlNVj -j .-V3 , " . ,trf' .Cf? TJ"FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1S18.mk ww&$8gjMs!&&&-rimmm Jural -v -fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand jive in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.vominge and .Goings of OurPeople Here, There and, Elsewhere.eoBtfSTICKS AimKINGS.MUEE1NGet one while you can.(It) FORD & CO.m IS IBSBEG1STRATI0N TOR CAMP BOONEThe registration for Camp DanielBoone, the Y. M. C. A. camp on theKentucky River, for August 5 to 26,closes within a few days. All thosewho expect to attend are urged tonotify Miss Helen Hutchcraft atonce.TS PS SaSWIMMING CLASS AT Y. M. C. A.Miss Harriet Rogers has heen engaged for the remainder of the season to instruct the swimming classesfor ladies at the Y. M. C. A. Thosedesiring to join the class shouldmake application at the office of theY. M. C. A. secretary. The fee forthe remainder of the seasotf has beenfixed at $1.25.NEW PLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us.We can furnish on short notice thebest to he had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker., the florist the best inthe State.(2julytf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.ismisVICTIM OF PARALYSISlr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., sustained a slight strokeof facial paralysis Wednesday. Thestroke affected one side of his face,but it is not thought to be of a serious nature. Mr. Mann went to Lexington this morning to consult aspecialist. It is to be hoped his affliction may be but temporary.tat p kCOMMUNITY SINGING.The members of the ConynunityChorus are asked to meet promptlyat seven o'clock next Monday night,on the lawn at the home of Miss Elizabeth Grimes, on Duncan avenue,for a "neighborhood singing." Allsingers are urged to make a note ofthis and to come promptly at sevenand stay until eight. Don't forgetthe time. Come early. Not laterthan seven o'clock.IS ?S JSHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june-i-tf)J 3 feUGHTLESS NIGHTS NOT ORDERED HERE YET.Mr. James H. Thompson, FuelAdministrator for Bourbon countyhas not yet received orders from theState or National Fuel Administration regarding the further observanceof "lightless nights." Dispatchesfrom Washington, state that orderswould be received from Washington,and that they would take effect onWednesday night.Mr. Thompson stated that the delay in transmission of the order wasprobably due to the fact that allsuch communications from Washington come through the State Fuel Ad-1ministration, and were sent to thecounty officials from Louisville.Paris business houses will likely observe the order anyway, as they haveon previous occasions.Mrs. Matt Kenney, of near Paris,is a guest of Mrs. Sallie Brooks, inFayette county.Mrs. Owen L. Davis, is visitingher mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson, Sr., have gone to Martinsville,Indiana, for a stay of several days.Mr. L. H. Moore, of St. Petersburg, Fla., has arrived here to joinMrs. Moore, who is a guest of relatives. Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Wallingford,of Covington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. W. F. Talbott, on Seventhstreet.Misg Mary Anne Deveraux, ofLexington, is a guest of Mrs. Thos. F.Roche and family, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. G. C. Thompson, Jr., ofAllensville, Ga., is the guest of hermother, Mrs. Mollie James, on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Reid, whohave been visiting relatives nearParis, have returned to their homein Connersville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle andlittle daughter, Edna Garret, havereturned from a several days' visitto relatives near Danville.Miss Lelia Keller and MissKittee Ewalt, of Paris, are spendingthe week in Lexington, as guests ofMr. and Mrs. Elmore Snell, on Kentucky avenue.-Dennis V. Snapp, Mrs. JaneCurrent and Miss Lena Cooper havereturned from Lake Junaluska, N. C,where they have been attending themeeting of the Southern MethodistAssembly.Mrs. F. S. Elder, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she underwent a surgical operation some time ago, isslightly improved, but will not beable to return to her home for sometime yet.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. M. E.Howse is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Rudolph Davis in Paris .... Mrs. Jas.Farley, of Paris, Mrs. W. B. Nicholsand daughter and Mr. Frank Doyle,of Cincinnati, were guests of Mr. andMrs. James George, Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss,of Mt. Sterling, were called here yesterday by the sudden death of Mr.Frank Jacobs. Mr. Rassenfoss returned to Mt. Sterling last night onaccount of pressing business engagements, but Mrs. Rassenfoss remainedto attend the funeral.Richmond Daily Register: "Mr.and Mrs. E. V. Elder, Leon Elder,Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Keller, of Paris,and Mrs. John Farrell, of Somerset,motored to Mt. Sterling, Sunday, andwere the guests of Mr. John Keller..... Mr. and Mrs. James Keller a-ndson, Charles of Paris, spent the weekend with friends here."Cy-nthiana Democrat: "Mrs. R.V. Bishop entertained with an elegant four-course luncheon Wednesday -of last week. The guests were:Mrs. R. H. Wills and sister, Mrs.George Judy, and Mrs. Nellie Highland, of Paris; Mrs. J. S. Hutsell, ofWinchester; Mrs. W. W. Embry,Mrs. Hanson Peterson and Mrs. W.A. Bishop. Mrs. Joe Costello assisted in entertaining Mr. RichardH. Wills has returned to lite homein Paris after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Ed. Wills." ,(Other Personals on Page 3.)sl S4 S4ADVERTISING IN THE NEWSPROMOTES QUICK SALES.That it pays to advertise has againheea amply attested by the recentadvertisement of a big lot of carpetsweepers which were advertised inthe last issue of THE NEWS by TheJ. T. Hinton Co.The sweepers were made a specialsale for yesterday at a special priceof 98 cents. As soon as the Hintonstore was opened, or as soon as thesale began, at nine o'clock, there wasa, rush for the sweepers, and at fiveminutes after nine, the last one hadbeen sold.Thus it pays to advertise, and asthe, sale was advertised in THENEWS there was bound to 'be a substantial result, for "Nearly Everybody in Bourbon County Reads THENEWS." - 'BROTHERHOOD RAILWAY TRAINIPN TAKE NEW MEMBERSAt a recent meeting of the localdivision of the Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen four new memberswere initiated and received intomembership of the order. The newmembers are William Hamm and J.B. Highland, of Richmond, FrankPike, of Paris, and Jos. S. Ball, ofCovington.At the same meeting several applications for membership were presented and accepted. These will beacted on and the initiation ceremonies conducted at the meeting of theorder to be held on Wednesday night,August 7.pa jsa E3A HINT TO THE WISEBuy your clothing now ready-to-wearor custom made. It means asaving of at least 25 per cent.J. W. DAVIS & CO.LOCAL ItAILROADJIEN TO SHARE- ,. 15 NEW WAGES.Employes in the local shops of theLouisville & Neshville railroad willshare in the increased wages madepossible by the recent order of Director-GeneralMcAdoo, which grantsan increase to sixty-eight cents anhour with proportionate advances forassistant and miscellaneous classes inthe mechanical departments.The new rates, which are retroactive to last .January 1, are from fiveto thirteen cents higher than wagespaid these men in most shops underthe central wage advance allowed byDirector-General McAdoo about twomonths ago. Beginning August 1,eight hours will be regarded as astandard day's work and overtimewill be paid at the rate of one andone-half times the usual rate. Thatpay will be given to the employes assoon as it ca-n be calculated.The local shop men are more thanpleased with the new arrangement,especially with the eight hour feature, and more especially with theincrease in their pay, which will cuta figure in the monthly pay check.f T5, 14COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.hall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)la is isYES, BUT WHAT DO YOU MEAN?Hon. Press Kimball, of Lexington,who a few weeks ago announced asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress against UnitedStates Senator Ollie James, is nowout in a card asking his friends tovote for Senator James.This is the first time in Kentuckywhere a politician has been knownto gamble, figuratively speaking andwriting an the"life of a friend. Thismight have happened in Germany,but it is certainly a new stunt inKentucky! Senator James is said tobe a Tery sick man, but.it is to behoped that he will' beat his pallbearersto the cemetery.To-day, Friday, June 26 A finefeature filmplay, from, the J. StuartBlackton Studio, "Missing," adaptedfrom the famous novel by Mrs. Humphrey Ward; also last episode of"The Eagle's Eye," with Marguerite Snow and King Baggot. Two ladies admitted for one paid admission,plus the war tax.To-morrow, Saturday, July 27June Caprice and Eads BernardBernard Thornton, the latter a Parisboy, a nephew of, Mrs. Nellie StokerHighland, of this city, in "The Heartof Romance;" also a Fox film comedy, "A Footlight Flame."Monday, 'July 29 -A Thos. H.Ince filmplay, "The Mating of Marcella," featuring Dorothy Dalton; aSunshine comedy, "A Waiter'sWasted Life."ES 151 TSBALE TIES.Another big shipment just in.Lay in your requirements whileprices are low.(It) FORD & CO.a jsa feTHINGS JO WORRY ABOUT.The following was handed to THENEWS a few days ago by a Pariswoman, who thinks it would be agood motto for the Young Women'sChristian Association to adopt:"Motto for The Young Woman'sChristian Association Home, Paris,Ky.:Be kind to all you chance to meetIn lane or crowded street,For anger and pride are both unwiseandVinegar never catches flies."HAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)K0D4Eand send some pictures tothe big brother "OverThere." He has a plentyof the things to worry himand needs cheerful newsand scenes from home.Get a Kodak"If it isn't an EastmanIt isn't a Kodak"liaii iMciiDAiarc- I WA llQVa t-llll lanv v IT -rvInsurt your tobacco againsty " t . mn imc ui iu-daks and supplies Thereare none "just as good."Films Developed FreeDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainNOW GOING ONIGinghams30c quality, per yard . ? 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard 38c59c quality, per yard 48cWash Rags3ceachHope Cotton24cper yardWhite Goods20c quality at -..t6c,25c quality at 21ci35c quality at 28c-45c quality at 37 1-2c59c quality at 48cr75c quality at 59c$1.00 quality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs13 for 10cBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c1 Lot of Ladies?Handkerchiefs.eachSILK HOSE50c values at39cONE LOT OFLadies' 25c Vestsat15cPERCALE 2Qper yard -fcwBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at 79cAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.KwwffliwmIWWWImmGREX AND DELT0XGRASS RUGS!$2.75 Rugs CO onNow WfcifcV"Sy $3.00"SJ5ff.......... .' $4.00$7-5o1ags. $5.0010-SwB-y :..: $8.00$12.50 Rugs cin nftNow w I w W"&!.., $12.00$20.00 Rugs nM' Now W W11We have just received a new lot of these Rugs,These prices are for cash ONLY.THEJT.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALIU COACHUNDERTAKINGEITHERPliONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.rc-,5k-v.hVX x.')"THE JM)U30JfcJI1aVFRIDAY, JULT.lfllUL.1TAttKX,UM.v T US. BUMS' LETTER.Herd is a letter that is certain torove of interest'to people in this vicinity, ascases of this sort occur inalmost etsry neighborhood, and people shouM-know what to doin likecircumstances:Savannah", Mo., Oct. '12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and'Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine year ago and it 'cured me, offlux (dysentery.) I had another attack of -"the,, same cojmplaint somethree or 'lour -years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)iIBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh' VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOL WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !rmsmI Americans and Trench RecaptureMany Towns and Wee Hun RetreatLONDON, July 23. The town of Jaulgonne on Mame hasbeen captured by the Americans,' who, are continuing their advance.So iar the taking of 300 prisoners by the Americans in this advance isreported. i ' fc pr j "The Americans on the front south of Soissons have captured thetown of Buzancy.On the front between the Mame and Rheims the British have captured the Petitchamp wood, near Marfaux, with 200 prisoners and14 machine guns.The French have captured Oulchy-le-Chateau. (Oulchy-le-Chateauwas one of the German pivotal positions on the Aisne-Marnefront. It lies about 1 1 miles south of Soissons, on the strategicallyimportant Soissons-Chateau Thierry road.) ,The number of prisoners hasvbeen increased by thousands and averitable mountain of captured and abandoned material is-in possession of the Allies. Many of the guns taken had been blown up ordamaged by the enemy before he abandoned them.The French, the advices state, stormed the heights north ofCourcelles at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. They are also holdingthe bend in the neighborhood of Chassons, as far as Treloup. (Thesetowns are just to the north of the Marne, to the east of Jaulgonne,taken by the Americans) . Treloup, at the latest advices, is still in thehands of the enemy.The French crossed the Marne at Pont-a-Binson, just to the eastof Reuil. The enemy counter-attacked heavily from the direction ofVandieres, but these onslaughts were beaten off.What Franco-Americans Have Done In Five DaysWASHINGTON, July 23 In the first five days of their counteroffensive the Franco-American forces and their allies on the Aisne-Marne-Champagnefront have :1 . Advanced from five to ten miles.2. Captured approximately 25,000 German prisoners.3. Captured nearly 600 cannon and thousands of machine guns.4. Forced the Germans across the Marne.5. Captured the German pivotal position of Chateau Thierryand many villages.6. Cut the important Soissons-Oulchy Le Chateau-ChatteauThierry line of communication.7. Brought all of the German-held railways in the Marne-Aisne J'sector under artillery fire.German Retreat Harassed By AlliesWASHINGTON, July 23. Steadily advancing by terrific attacks,American, French, British and Italian troops appeared to-day to be endeavoring to smash in the sides of the deep Soissons-Rheims salient,through the center of which the Germans are withdrawing their forces.Both flanks of the pocket-like salient held by the enemy, according toadvices, were being subjected to heavy artillery fire and fierce infantrycharges. The Allied guns and aircraft appeared to be harassing theretreating Germans at every point.The race between General Foch in his attempt to close the mouthof the salient and the German command to retreat before the 'flankswere pushed in, held the attention of military observers here. ShouldGeneral Foch win, the result, it appeared, might become a Germanrout. In no event, it was believed, would the Germans be able to getout of the salient without heavy losses in men and guns.issara;'7.'A'.-iJfc&S.Si.T-V,-".";:-4gfcVi!VBCtt:If.;:"-' ':'".'mmo.v.:v..vyv....vtcX :f.K.':-:mtmzmmmmwmm;.)How The Bayonet1 Lost a Great BattleB' AYONETS, first made at Bayonne, France;whence they, get their name, to begin, werealmost ss dangerous to the army with them asto its foe.Fashioned with a solid' butt, to be jammed Jntothe muzzle, it rendered 3, gun useless for firingThe butt was scon changed to a socket, vbut netbefore the new an;libd bayonet brought the Englisharmy to grief at Kiiiiekrankie.The EngHch soldier found tEe bayonet a poor fit,hard to got into his gun; and when he got it in, hardto get out. When he had to bayonet, he couldn'tbayonet; when he had to shoot, he couldn't shoot.r.B&t&l&y;i72p:mw?w..... i(--(m mirffy'afarrftrfr-iTM'.r-SfjTffVf lit Ar j : '.:vpzazzAmwarnIZ " :-' i ..:.:KKEHSm-TMEB',aaviuu"M'"The bayonet experiment gave the Scots the battle.To safeguard tire users against the chance cfexperiment, Goodrich Test Car- Fleets put the rocdtest to Goodrich Tire, to make them in word anddeed SERVICE VALUE TIRES.Goodrich sees but one tire vcke3 SERVICE VALUEThat is, what a tire proves it is worth to thensotorict en ,l::s car and en the road, in comfort,ecc?ioti:y, dc$c:zdatiutyt and durability.AH Goodrich skill and " sincerity build upSERVICE VALUE, whether yen getor BLACK SAFETY TDuADS,you get SERVICE VALUE TIRES.Gain mileage, and the security ofknowing your tires will not fail, bydemanding SERVICE VALUE TIRES.r1-:OwnhkJ tar-. Mrettt?iAV.itifell .-:-&-feS trTHE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER CO.Cincinnati Tranch: 1110 Eace Ct., Cliicnati, Olno,,nOf?:PAETIAL HST OF 0UB CASUAI, TIES IN PRANCE.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of "P.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe suni of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6 th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-july)Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.mti9bowe ?an$have proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gw& Electric Co.(iMtrptnttti)WA RMap Free!SUNSET MAGAZINEincreases it rates to 20c percopy on news stands and$2.00 per yearly .subscription, beginning withSeptember Issue, 1918.A LAST CHANCEto subscribe to SUNSETMagazine at the old priceof $1.50 per year and receive aLarge Liberty War Map ofthe Western Battle FrontFREE!This remarkable offer isopen to all whose subscriptions will be received atthis office up to August 15,1918. Subscribe before thisdate and save the price ofTWO THRIFT STAMPS"Sill two birds with onestone" Help the Government and yourself.GERMANS LEAVE TRAIL OF RUININ RETREAT.PARIS, July 25. The Germansare destroying with flame and blasteverything in the way of, supplies ordefenses which can not be moved bythem in their forced retirementfrom the Aisne-Marne-Champagnesalient, or which might prove of valueto the pursuing Allies. Dozens ofvillages are burning and ammunition-dumps and food depots are being blown up on a big scale.Air observers report the massingof German troops around Soissons,and it is evident that they intend tomake a desperate effort to hold thispivotal position on the Aisne. Despitetheir tenacious resistance, however,Franch and American troops haveadvanced south of Soissons duringthe past 24 hours.ISEATS HVE HUNDRED EGGSFOURTEEN DAYS.INSUNSET MAGAZINESAN Ft ANCisOO CALIPOINI A(24july-4t) ,BOWLING GREEN, July 25.Several weeks ago Benson Leichhardt of this city decided to join thenavy, he having passed his eighteenthbirthday anniversary. He went tothe recruiting office and was rejectedbecause of underweight. This didnot phaze the dauntless Benson onebit. He went home and ate threedozen eggs a day for fourteen straightdays, gained 12 pounds, went backto the recruiting officer and was finally enlisted as an apprentice seamanat the Louisville office. Leichhardt'sfather and mother say that getting ason in the navy seems to be a bitexpensive, but Benson says that he isvery, very happy, and they decidedthat it is worth the money.1E3 fe 1S3TELEGRAPH3 AND TELEPHONESUNDER GOVERNMENTCONTROL.WASHINGTON, July 25. Thetotal casualties of the United Statesarmy number 12,712, which areclassified as follows: Killed inaction, 1,510; died of wounds, 678;died of disease, 1,399; died of accident and other causes, 543; lost atsea, 291. Total deaths, 4,421;wounded, various degrees, 5,817;missing, including prisoners, 593.Total 10,831. Total Marine corpscasualties, 1,881.The casualty lists given out by theWar Department Sunday and Mondaycontains the names of 261 men. Theyare divided as follows: Killed in action, 52; died of wounds, 37; died qdisease, 30; died of accident andother causes, 11 ; died of airplaneaccident, 1; wounded severely, 83;missing in action, 46j prisoners, 1.The list of casualties with the Marines posted Sunday totaled 26, whichwere classified as follows: Killed inaction, 12; died of wounds, 2, andwounded severely, 12.;j M mTWENTY- THREE NATIONS DECLARED WAR ON GERMANYTwenty-three nations have declared war on Germany as follows:United States.Great Britain.Italy.Belgium. " y,.Japan. -i " " vRussia.Serbia.Montenegro.China.Cuba.Portugal.Rumania.Greece.Brazil. ' 'Guatemala. $.Costa Rica.Liberia.PanamajSiam.San Marino.Honduras.Russia and Rumania"peace" treaties.43EO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Kyi1have signedWASHINGTON, July. 25. President Wilson has issued a proclamation taking over control of telegraph, telephone, cable and radiosystems for the duration of the war,effective next Wednesday, July 31.Authority to operate the wire systems is vested in the PostmasterGeneral. aTHE JOY OF LIVING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can- reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few' doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the .'digestion and'give you a chance to Tealize the realCHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.(adv-july)Tjheirendleton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Mxtend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSWITSHATSIXIXIX1XXI!X(A MAN AND HIS WIFEAMERICANS IN EVIDENCE ALLOVER FRANCE.WASHINGTON, July 25. LeonA. Hiltz, Norwalk, O., who is now an .army field clerk m France, has written Congressman Arthur OVermyerthat Americans are now in every partof France. "Once in -action with amillion men we'll never stop untilwe reach Berlin," he declared.. . LAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheubiatism of the muscles. All thatIsfneeded Is absolute rest and a fewappilC&tlUUH JJL VUOUiUCiiaiu o ojii-smay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great; ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY.CLEANERHome Phone 169;joy "of living. Try it. -. (adv-july)mem. ay u .."Cumberland Phone 40 ;m" -'v-tFRIDAY, JULY 26, 118.. t , - .s , ..THE BOTOBOH.HEWS, PABIS XSHOTCKYR-- TPASE SBTMT,. iriy.F..w -. iiPUECHASE;CHICAGO, July 22. The largestsigle order for bacon, and cannedmeats in the history of the world99,560,000 pounds of bacon and 134,000,000 pounds of canned jmeatrhasjust been placed by the Quartermaster's Department, U. S. A., for theAmerican Army overseas.Louis F. Swirt, in. commenting onthis, said the order will take thebacon, from approximately 1,900,000hogs and if other work were droppedto produce it would be equivalent tothe total bacon production of the fivelargest Chicago packers for nearlyfive weeks, however, six months willelapse before delivery is to be completed. Mr. Swift said:"At the current prices on the day,last week, when the purchase wasmade, the packers would pay the livestock producers about -$80,000,000for the necessary hogs and over $50,000,000 for about 90,000 cattle required. "The cattle will cost us twice asmuch, and the hogs two and one-halftimes as much as in the pre-warperiod."The whole order will be made upbefore the first of the year, despitethe fact that, even before this purchase, one-fourth of the packers' facilities have been devoted to fillingmilitary demands."In order to get out the cannedgoods the packers will find it necessary" to employ night and day shiftsof canners. Notwithstanding thefact that the products are being rushed forward thus Hurriedly, not a single complaint has been received onmeats delivered to the armies abroad."The five packers are now killingabout 360,000 hogs weekly to keepabreast of material and domesticneeds."1 IK IKALL KINDS NAVAL CEAPT HUNTING POR U-BOATS.WASHINGTON, July 25. Allalong the Atlantic coast, search isbeing made for German submarines.All manner of naval craft are assisting in the search. From the variousstations great seaplanes are sweeping over the ocean, working in unison with destroyers and submarinechasers. While officials wil make noanouncement of what has been done,it is known that extreme precautionshave been taken to protect shippingand the various coast resorts.The submarines now operatingthere is absolutely no informationhow many there are are assumed tohave been ordered to adopt a policyof frightfulness The action in trying to torpedo the tug Perth Amboyand- her four barges Sunday without warning, followed by an indiscriminate shelling of the defenselesscraft, has convinced officials herethat these submarines will stop atnothing. Every possible effort willbe made to locate and sink them.,AT,T,TED AIRMEN BURN ENEMYCONCENTRATION TOWNSAllied aviators set fire to Fere-En-Tardenoisand Fismes, the pointsof enemy concentration within theSoissons-Rheims sailient. More than32,000 pounds of bombs were droppedon the two cities.The allies still are progressing atseveral points on the front and theGermans continue to withdraw toward the Vesle.The operation north of Montdidierthis morning is regarded as an effortto improve the French positions inthat region.As a result of the allies' bombardment from both sides of the RheimsSoissons pocket, the German CrownPrince has only a seven-mile passagefor withdrawal of his troops, it wasreported from the front.The width of the salient betweenthe northernmost points of the alliedadvance is about 25 miles. The allies' big guns are throwing shellsover a radius of nine miles from eachsMe ot the salient.Id 151HOW MODERN HUSTLE DOESTHINGS NOW.In a certain city of workers in Indiana they made up their minds thatthey wanted a Red Cross building,and they wanted it at once. On themorning of April 27th the populationwent to work. There were sevenhundred of them.That evening the job was done.In a place that had been vacant onFriday night, there stood at 5 o'clockon Saturday evening, a building 100feet long, 28 feet wide, completewith heating plant, plumbing, telephones and sewing machine equipment. A Liberty bell hung in thetower. Sidewalks were all laid.There was even a sodded lawn.In five hours 300 men put up a hospital building 230 by 38 feet, including heating plant, light and sewerconnections on Staten Island.m m mUSE ICE AS NECESSITY, NOT ASA LUXURY.Do not waste ice, ays the UnitedStates Food Administration. Its mseis zr luxury to serve with salads,fruits and sea food and to put "morethan is neccessary in glasses of water, tea, and other drinks should bediscouraged.There is to be no curtailment onthe use of ice as a necessity, but itshould be used carefully in localitieswhere any shortage is indicated. Itis considered a necessity when used topreserve food and in administeringcomfort, and every reasonable effortwill be made to see that families areta.atlleiTititfceirilitTm(?yw'l?SViFINDS LATEST VARIETY OF.CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTORChicago. Chicago has produced the latest variety, of "conscientious objector," .and, as aresult, John Taylor probably willnot serve Uncle Sam overseas.John, who had been called forservice, walked into a courtroom here and confessed to embezzling more than" $3,000 fromhis employer during the last two,years. He said he objected togoing to the army with a blackmark against him so he confessed. He was held for thegrand Jury.BLUEGOWNS ARE BUSYRestoring Maimed Soldiers toTrades, Their Job."Reconstruction Aid" Coax WattedMuscles Back to Their Nor-mal State.Washington. Teachers, nurses andhealers too, are the "Blue Gowns" ofthe army medical lorps; at work nowin the hospitals of the .United Statesand "over there."Reconstruction aids is their officialname, but the cheery hue of their distinctive uniform already has won ahandler name for the special corps ofseventy women whose membershiptreats and teaches among the maimedsoldiers brought back from the battlefront Theirs Is the work of coaxingback the wasted muscles and disusedlimbs of wounded men, and later bypatient tutoring Instilling deftness Innew arts and vocations which the hospital schools are planning for the returned soldier.Most of the "Blue Gowns" were recruited from the Instruction staffs ofmanual training schools and civilianhospitals. . ."Beside a table a young fellow Inuniform was carving a conventionalflower border on a wooden pictureframe," says an official description oftheir, work. -"The design was his ownand the work was his first piece. Hewas inclined to be clumsy because hewas-uslnjr his left hand. A 'BlueGown' was ready to guide and advisehim.. As he becomes adept in left-handedcarving he Is preparing .for the traewhen he -again will begin to draft, thistime-wlth his, left hand. This mentalconcentration, upon a' new task is believed by doctors and psychologists tobe a valuable antidote for discouragement '"At the same open-air workshop oneman .was. knitting. n scarf. One groupofmen, temporarily crippled, werecarving designs upon wooden blocks,and several were learning to weave upon hand looms."In the treatment rooms Inside the"Blue Gowns" were guiding electricalappliances and administering the complicated series of treatments that perfect the restoration, work started by,the surgeon at the frontBAKING PIES UNDER FIREAs heroic as the American soldiersin the trenches are the,, courageousSalvation Army girls who" are bravingenemy fire day and night to bake piesand doughnuts .for our., fighting men.Many of the women are .also aiding thewounded In huts established withinrifle-fire-of "No -Man's-Land:" -TMspicture shows some; of the undauntedworkers making the kind 'that moth-,errused to make," so ikat our men. canenter battle with more pep and vim.TO HARVEST CLOVER SEEDt 'South Carolina Planter Invtntt Inge-nltus Machine That Dote theBusipeet.Greenville, S. C.An Ingenious machine for harvesting clover seed haskbeen-fperjtfctedx,JL. Cannadaa.ploneer clover raiser near Greenville.Mr. Cannada devised an exhaust fanMounted on a wagon driven';, by asmall gasoline engine. A othplececonnected-witlt'the fan Is lowered prerthe cloverheads and the current of arlifwthe "seeds out and depoqltf theminto a suitable receptacle. Tfce aw!!" -Oa said te.wwk.p8Wotiyw.;,n"rr,' "?-;; x .- vr a BhfttL"" BBBBBBBbV1bb'',L - -K J ifchF &" Btfj-TATQtfg9sa'S3Hiii4JCyriMSMILE AS THEYGO INTO BATTLESpirit of American SoldiersFrance Described by RedCross Worker.inCHEERFUL AND CONFIDENTEach Believes If He Doetnt Get IntoAction on Time Fight Will BeLost What American Worn-.en Are Doing.South Bend, Ind. Kathryn Carlisle,daughter of Charles A. Carlisle of thiscity, has been in France for a longtime doing lied Cross work.She has written a most interestingand thrilling letter .to her parentsaletter that should stimulate Bed Crosswork throughout the world and give toour soldiers In the trenches, on the firing lines and In camp, their mothers,sisters, v sweethearts and friends athome fresh hope and assurance thatthe -American women are doing magnificent work in their behalf.Here Is what Miss Kathryn says:I wish everyone at' home, particularly the loved ones of our fightingmen, could see "our boysH as they go .Into battle. It's the proudest moment ,of life and the grandest Oh I how ibrave and splendid they are, with a .smile on their lips. fGood-by." ,"Wewill see you soon again."We, feed from four to five thousandsome days. Our canteen is alwayscrowded. .Of course that compliment Is ourgreatest reward. We all try and wantto do for "our bdys" the very best.They come and go at all hours of theday and night. Our Red Cross canteen is never closed. All of "our boys"on this line of communication stop andrest and have their meals and refreshments at this Bed Cross canteen.Want to Push on.We always know, among the veryfirst, when a big drive Is on, and ithenwe never seem to sleep. Nobody wantsto. , ?Our boys?' don't even care toistoplong and rest; they .want, to push on.Everyone of these blessed men feelthat If he fails to get there on itlmeand .at the very, second when calledinto action the fight will be lost,r andIt will.Here Is a toasvt one of our brave officers left with us. It expresses the attitude of "our boys" to us perhaps better than any word of mine :To.our women, who sent us forthwith courage in their hearts and tearsin their eyes. . " '"To our women at home who are sacrificing all that we may win."Toour women over here who givetheir own lives that we may live."God bless them, and damn the manthat does not respect them and thecoward that does not protect them.""Our boys" mean every word expressed, and no woman was ever morethoughtfully considered and protectedthan we of the American Bed Crosswho serve "our boys" at the front.Over 5,000 American trucks, allheavily laden, have passed our frontdoor In this last big driye. Every manIn charge came In for rest and refreshment and a little chat with one of hisnative tongue, then with the smile ofthe soldiers and a wave of the hand infarewell, "Good-by until we meetagain." --After every battle and at Intervalswe see "our boys" coming back.Blood soaked, weary, but oh! howbrave, "our boys," with bayonet andshell wounds will tell you quickly andfirmly, "I am all O. K," "I can wait,"",Look after Jim there," or "Look afterthis lad; he's gassed." The pity andthe brutality of that horrible gas IGet Best of Care.Every American father and mothercan rest in full assurance that If theirboy comes in anywhere along the linethe most thoughtful, considerate andefficient care is given to him immediately. "Our boys," of course, come first,but in behalf of humanity, and thelove of Christ, we never say or doanything to a wounded enemy, and wesee them by the hundreds, that anyone could criticize. The AmericanRed Cross Is here for service, and itrenders the best, day and night, toeveryone that comes.While It's work, hard work, andwork all the time, we get a lot of it,and the sun shines just as brightlyover here on the firing line as at home.Every day is a new one and .Its upsand downs fill up the time.-A splendid general came In the other day and he was a sight. His clotheswere white with dust and his faceblack for want of a shave. The canteen was packed it was one of ourbusyjlays. The general wanted toshave and wash up before eatipg, andthe only spot vacant and available wasthe small private dressing room used'exclusively by we American women.We-exeluded all the -women, put thegeneral inour private dressing .room,with hot and cold water, and on theoutside of the- door wewTQte a .notejana pinneoifup; reading:"BEWARE Girls stay out The general Is shaving." -When our guest finished and cameout heaaw the sign;- and doubtlessread it with amusement, because hewrote just below it, as' follows:v"Girlsyour guest has finished., Manythanks to God's greatest gift tomanan Amerjcawbman." r VJAnd then he- signed', his name, and,tbat-ia'ea &urhiee aoavemira,1 Z,''9a3v&gwv3easatitnva TA -s'vt1fTttJOTPATRIOTIC GREEK MAKES!.READY TO FIGHT B0CHESSpokane, Wash. James L.Dorgan, a subject of Greece, isIn a training camp preparing tofight for,. Uncle Sam against theGermans, Four years ago hecame here from Athens with onlya slight knowledge of the Eng-' lish language. In these fourt years he was graduated from thepublic gcbQols and the highschool. While attending schoolbe worjR&d in a newspaper officeand accumulated $600. He alsoowns a liberty bond and boughtWar, Savings stamps.SAltORSJAT SEAWEEDVictims of Hun Submarine DriftEleven Days.Crew of Norwegian Vessel Picked UpIn MIdocean in PitifulCondition.An Atlantic Port The Norwegiansteamer Augvald, 2,098 tons, boundfrom a French port for Baltimore, hasfallen a victim to a German submarine. A transatlantic liner brought thenews of the sinking of the Augvald Inmidocean and also landed 11 membersof the crew of 27 men. Three of thecrew were drowned and the remaining13 are unaccounted for.The rescued men were picked up bythe liner after having drifted helplessly for 11 days, subsisting most ofthat time on seaweed and rainwaterwrung from their clothing or caughtin their caps. They were in an exhausted condition when picked up, butby careful nursing on board the linerthey had fairly recovered when theyreached here.According to the crew the steamerwas stopped by shell fire, the crew ordered Into two boats and the ship, wassunk with bombs.Captain Egge of the Augvald leftthe ship with 12 men In his boat andIt became separated from the therlifeboat containing 14 of the crewi Fortwo days the latter boat drifted aboutand was then upset in a storm. Threeof the men were" swept away and theothers managed to right the boat andbale It out They lost all -their foodand fresh water and even their i oarswere gone.Drifting helplessly, the men beganto suffer for want of food and Water.Seaweed was eagerly snatched up andchewed and every device they couldthink ot waa resorted to to catch rainwater. There was a succession of rainstorms and the men were almost contlnually drenched. Day after day wentby and finally the rescue ship cameover the. horizon and the exhaustedand starving men were soon safely onthe deck of the liner and given everycomfortFRENCH CITIES ARE GROWINGSecondary Municipalities and TownsAre Gaining Rapidly by Im-ikmw migration." "3BI'rXParis. The statistics for the populatlons of the secondary cities and townsof France, completed before the exodus from Paris began, show an extraordlnary increase owing chiefly to theImmigration of foreign and colonialworkmen, employed In munition andother It actorles.Marseilles with about 600,000 Inhabitants -When the war began, has now apopulation of more than 1,000,000.With the many refugees from thetowns about Paris, evacuated becauseof the German advance, and with someof the population of Paris which "Sewfrom the big cannon, that figure maybe said to be even higher. Lyons hasIncreased its population from 530,000to 740,000, without including additionalthousands In the suburbs. Bordeaux'spopulation has risen from 261,678 to325,000, and the suburban parisheshave grown from 88,520 to 120,855.Havre has Increased from 136,159 to159,000 without Including the garrisonof 30,000 foreigners and 80,000 refugees, mostly Belgians.GRANDDAD IS STILL YOUNGReadily Accepted for Place in Engineers' Corps in United StatesArmy.Spokane, Wash. When James A.House of, Clinton, Mont, bade hisfriends goodby and started to war after, he enlisted, he had, to kiss a round.of grandchildren, along with the otherrelatives Jie jleft-'behlnd. Mr. Househas a son In service and three daughters In their own homes, and yet ipossessed, qt the youth and physicalqualifications that made him eligiblefor a,5plac,la, Uncje Jam's army andwas readily accepted for the engineersreplacement company when he offeredhlmsejf to.-the MJssoula.-recrulttng of-$650, for a Tree.Edlnburg, Iad.The W. T. ThompsonVeneer 'company here has just boughtfronv.Wabascollege at CrawforsvlUe,a walnut teee oi?; which tt fpeld 650.The tree Ison the. campus, hich, lamade, tip In part . ot! natirt forestgrowths JUbod?;- will be cut Into air-.planerstpckfiTfhlle, thestnmprui. otmufde intOyYjdUer for plane .case. ; JjT.T. Thpmps.-hjad, th local cpqtpany, ajklw, regard e.tret'a teuntax ot ita una in.A Xt-mrT-'ltlEffr,fr4,3l4''fMyfrthNIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT AmJm;mwiMi -.' B-Wt. iC'tpSKJ, Ibi3u3-3 .LET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them Ito you.LOWRY&MAYJ-1- rHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. V3ATCH. W. H. CAEN0N.District Manager Local ManagerBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4. V-. ' -v-5eVgS" ' """.-It-TTWi '--. A W '-. '-zJSSs-.-M1 TrThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris,Now is the Timeto Figure on YouriPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing? your order. Call uso'ver Home Phone 399. ' 'KANEVijrMft t- tSend That Next JobBobrWi Hw. ': Btiv hvUNACEfedKStfi-iLaundry!West FifTi StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvementa in larmdrv annlianceaOUU CAUCl b IlCiMviXO ri- OkLt ymiathivaJ 3o rrrvTr 1WTflJL .fJ.cycu.cu. i.u uu nuia. mx-nor to none, ana sonaryour patronage.Kentucky2XJ .Xiuvi i-mJtol Prtatiog to ThWork; iWUrt PrcOAT- rr i, r -- , ' - jv rII IKIIIIIiifjLir". J T i .-&T?nrTTrwynilii itufK ittkitiM9&iy'.-wK'sZ?!!""?;T""'!" . - -i.i.i. ,-&THE BOURBONNEWS PARIS; KY.FRIDAY, JULY 28, ,."ic-i19MM BHT!i'!-'JT-tf3E4Mil n u 1 1 1 m t 1 1 1 1 ti II IIHIIH I J M iW-4".I The J. L Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Main-and SixthStreetsDay phone 36NlKht s . . 56or Home 286rx Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.ourHearse used for funeral purposes only.ht it ;4fii'i'i'i'ti'it-i''i'i'-i?sMILLERSBURG. .Mrs. Dennis McMahan remains?about the same.Mr. Ed Marr, of Henderson, Ga.,5s the guest of his sister, Mrs. W. D.3cln.tyre.Mr. Earl Hill underwent anZX-ray examination at Lexington,"SSTednesday.Mr. Charles Martinr?7tesday for a weeks' sojourn at CrabOrckard Springs.Misa .Florence Vimont left Wed- Tuesday If or a visit to her sister, Mrs."r35T-"A. Manzlag, at Maysville.rs. H. P. Forester, of Chicago,III., arrived Thursday as the guesto her niece, Mrs. C. B. Smith.Mrs. Payne and children, of3Jarboursville, Va., are guests of Dr.C.J3. Fisher and family, at the M. C.Representatives from all of our,;DEATHS.TAYLOR.Mrs. Higgins Taylor, aged twenty-three, died recently in Bowlingi Green, Mo., after an illness of sevleral years of tuberculosis. She wasa sister of Miss Ira Belle Oder, ofnear Ruddles Mills, this county.left Wed- TIie remains were brought to her oldHome near Cynthiana, and after ashort service, were interred in theJackstown Cemetery.GRAVITT. 'The funeral of Mr. F. H. Gravitt,aged seventy-six, who died Wednesday afternoon at his home, on Nineteenth street, after a lingering illness of Bright's disease, was heldfrom the residence yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock, with services-grocery stores attended the county conducted by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,grocery meeting at Paris, Monday-night.. Mr. and Mrs. John F. McDaniel3aa "returned from a visit to Mr. and-5fes. ,1-Qhn F. McDaniel, Jr., In Cyn-33jjana.j --Mr. -and Mrs. Arthur Best and'Slaughter "have returned from a visit- "t !Br. -anfl $Lrs. L D. Best, in Cyn--Ittriana.of the Paris Baptist church. Theburial followed in the Paris Ceme-jter. The pall-bearers were H. M.Gravitt, G. S. Gravitt, G. G. Gravitt,,Ossie Gravitt, L. D. Honican andRichard Stewart.Mr. Gravitt was a former residentof Clark county, moving to thiscounty some years ago. He had for atime been engaged in farming nearAusterlitz, but a few months agoTXa ia ci!TriTTn1 Vtt, 1UV 1 U (.W 4.IMLM.LJ. J.-1.0 IQ OUJ.V1TGU. UJCarlisle, i his widow aria ten children. Misses, Mrs. H. B. Bryson, Miss Gladys"Bryson; Teddie and Paul Bryson and moved to ParisMrs. Emma Mann, all of-were recent guests of relatives in this Lizzie and Bertha Gravitt, who re9-city. sided with their parents, Mrs. Laurat-Mr; W. D. Mclntyre and family, j Walker, of Carter county, Mrs. L. D.-sand guests, Mr. Ed Marr, Mr. John t Honican and Ossie Gravitt, both ofJMarirBaJamily will leave Saturday ' this county, Mrs. Richard Stewartfor a week's sojourn at Crab Orchard J and Mrs. Shelton Irvine, both of'; Springs. j Paris, H. pvi. Gravitt and C H. Gra-iiMn.and Mrs. R. M. Caldwell j vitt, of Fayette county, and H. S.rn. sister, 'Miss Laura C. JeffersonJ Gravitt, of Clark county.:fio?ere guests'Fhursday and Friday ofKr.-rfnd MrST-Bayless Detfeii, parentsoT Uffrs. Caldwell, at Ewing.N " 3Irs. Mollie Burroughs and son,34r, Sweeney Burroughs, who wereflfcd here by the death of Mr. Wil-:Bcm Burroughs, have returned tottheir home in New Albamy, Indiana.. j-i-The colored" Christian chuch,V-Sttaday school -and missionary soci-ftyrc holding -a' joint conventionIrere this week, beginning last Monday. There are over a hundred del-cgates present.Misses Bernice and Pauline- Xindsay, ofRoanoke, Va., who have- ieen guests of Miss Martha Smith' Sot several days, left Wednesday forJLexingtpn, 'where they will take a-special course in nursing.i Letters Tiave been receivea.from Mrs. "Richard Huffman, bride ofXieut. Richard Huffman, at Camp;3ill, Okla., saying .they are doingnicely, have a cozy 4ittle cottage inh camp, with every convenience,-;nd are housekeeping. Lieut. Huff-" man is working hard and both are' liappy in his work.. - 1 m m -; -:XR LAWSON'S WILL PROBATED.At Flepningsburg the will of the', late Mr. -James A. Lawson, who died-In that city some time ago, was ad-mfrted to trobate. The instrament,wWch was dated June 1, 1916, makesr aomeersonal bequests to various rjel.itle. and then provides that hisamgkter, Florence, be paid ?350, ar-tr wklch bis estate is to be divided, -equally among his living children.T3r W, H. Barksdale was named as'xeutor. One of the heirs to the es' tate is Mrs. Harry E. Mathers, of; Paris, who is a daughter of Mr. Law-Tter Ckase, of Newberry, Vt., in-'liriTiai kis new automobile the"ot!kr-day, arova the-car through thewUfr'hl kis barm; -ani . emerged un;? aatfuhi.V" -;,"; - . . -- ste fe feSTATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGETO HAVE BIG EXHIBITThe College of Agriculture, University of Kentucky, is preparing anelaborate educational exhibit to beshown at the State Fair this year.Under plans now being worked outbooths ivill be arranged so that thework and method of work of the departments will be shown, such asagronomy, animal husbandry, farm.management, horticulture, food anddrugs, markets, entomology and botany. Extension workers in boys' andgirls' agricultural clubs and poultryclubs are planning -unusually interesting shows.Seven thousand boys and girls ofthe State are interested in the clubexhibits and they will be representedby one delegate from each county inwhich there is a club. The delegate,heretofore, has been the first prizewinner of the club and- the samemethod, will, doubtless, be used thisyear. One thousand dollars will begiven the boys and girls for premiums this year.Kentucky, the first State in theUnion to attempt the task of introducing pure bred poultry stock intoevery county of the State, will haveone of the most interesting featuresof the fair in the poultry exhibit,uniting as it will so many attractiveand educational phases.j m mMORE EVIDENCE OP s GERMANPLOTS IN MEXICO REVEALED:SSSaf -tht PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, July 260iLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Jesse L. Lasky Presents"MISSINGAdapted from the tremendously successfulnovel by Mrs. Humphrey Ward. 'Also the last Episode .of"THE EAGLE'S EYE"Featuring Marguerite Snow and KingBaggott.Saturday, July 27thWilliam Fox PresentsJUNE CAPRICEand Eads Bernard Thornton(the latter a native of this city and anephew of Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highland)IN'The Heart of Romance"Also a Fox Film Comedy,"A FOOTLIGHT FLAME"Monday, July 29thThos. M. Incc PresentsDorothy DaltonIN"The Matingof Marcella"A startling drama of domestic infelicity.Also a Sunshine Comedy"A Waiter's Wasted Life."PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At !?? f31 Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.That an. invasion of Mexico andCanada by German reservists wasplanned by conspirators in -the- United States even after,America had entered the war is indicated in papersseized' by Government agents im NewYork. Dr. Fredericks August Richard. Toa .Strenach,, - former portegeof Bismarck, and believed 'to bea relative of the Kaiser, iyainder arrat.The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church will sew to-dayfor the Red Cross Chapter.Mr. and Mrs. John F. Lee, ofSouth Main street, and Mr. E. Dailey,also of Paris, united with the Christian church, Sunday.Rt. Rev. Bishop Louis W. Burton, of Lexington, will conduct services at St. Peter's Episcopal churchnext Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.' Sunday, August 4, will be Mission Rally Day at the Little RockChristian church, in this county.The young ladies of the church -arepreparing an interesting programfor theo ccasion.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church, will hold theirregular meeting in the church parlornext Sunday evening at 6:30 o'clock.The subject will be "Lessons FromProverbs." Leader, Miss Grace McCord. The names of Japaes M. Templinand Dr. J. T. Brown have been added to the Honor Roll of the Christian church. Dr. Brown has gone toCamp Greene, at Charlotte, S. C,while Mr. Templin has enlisted in thenavy.The revival being conducted,- atthe Ruddles Mills Christian churchby Rev. W. T. Mullins, of Mfddjboro, is increasing in interest anddrawing an increased attendance.The meeting will continue throughout the week. The public is cordially invited to attend.The Mission Band 6f the ParisChristian church has adopted one ofthe French war orphans. The members of the Mission Band will havea meeting on the second Wednesdayin August, at wmcn an onenng winbe taken for the purpose of raisjhgthe ?3b.50 necessary.Rev. Ward Russell and Mrs.Russell, of Little Rock, are visitingthe latter's parents in Williamstown.Their son, Augustus, who has beenvisiting his grandparents in Williamstown, will return home withthem. Rev. Russell is pastor of theLittle Rock Christian church.Dr. C. H. Walters, of Washington, D. C.f of the Primitive Baptistfaith, will hold services in the CountyCourt room, in the court house, tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.and at the same hour Sunday afternoon. The public is cordially invited to attend these services. 'At the joint services of the NorthMiddletown and Little Rock Christian churches, held at the latterplace last Sunday, one of the mostinteresting features was the singingby the combined choirs under theleadership of Mr. A. L. Boatright,choir director of the Paris Christianchurch.Union services of the Protestantchurches of Paris will continuethroughout August. Rev. R. C.Goldsmith, of the Baptist church,will preach next Sunday at theChristian church. The remainder ofthe schedule is as follows:Sunday, August 4, the Rev. Goldsmith at the Methodist church.Sunday, August 11, the Rev. W.E. Ellis, of the Christian church, atthe Methodist church.Sunday, August 18, Rev. Ellis, atthe Baptist church.Sunday, August 25, Rev. G. R.Combs, at the Christian church.MATRIMONIAL.vRITCHIE JOHNSON.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, performedthe marriage ceremony Wednesdayevening at his home on Sixth street,uniting Mr. Charles V. Johnson andMiss Ethel Ritphie, both of ,thiscounty. The young couple drove toParis, Wednesday afternoon, andsecured a marriage license fromCounty Clerk Peafce Paton.'B MThere is an opening in one sideofjtMichigan inventor's, milk b"ottlethrough which, cream can be drawnwithout disturbing the rest oft the'contents. . ;.- rn, it' -KENTUCKY TO RAISE LARGECROP OP BUCKWHEAT.Steps to make Kentucky a biggerbuckwheat State will be taken thismonth by John R. Humphrey, head ofthe department of markets, University of Kentucky. He will" go to Pulaski county the latter part of Julyto formulate three farmers' co-operativecompanies for the purpose of establishing elevators, the first in theState.Several sections of Kentucky, Mr.Humphrey said, are admirably adapted to raising of buckwheat, and thisland can produce little else, besidesbrush and grass. Buckwheat is sownlate in July or early in August andthrives on sandy soil.. Extension of the buckwheat industry, Mr. Humphrey said, also carrieswith it the extension of another important industry, that of bee keeping. Pulaski, Barren and Metcalfecounties are the best suited for theraising of this crop.One hundred and fifty thousandbushels of buckwheat were producedin Kentucky last year, and it is estimated the crop this season will be ofabout equal amount. But notwithstanding this yield Kentucky has noelevators and all the crop has to besent to mills in Pennsylvania andWisconsin, entailing additional expense. It is estimated within a fewyears the yield will be close to 500,000 bushels annually in the State.' 3 151FORMER PUBLISHER ENGAGES INTHE OIL BUSINESS.James E. Hughes, former publisher of the Bluegrass Blade in Lexington and later the proprietor of a largejob printing plant there, but whofor sopie time has been a resident ofLouisville, has opened the Louisville(Oil Exchange at the Henry Watter-son Hotel and also launched an oilpublication in the Falls City. Mr.Hughes is of the opinion that the oilindustry of Kentucky is yet in its infancy, and that as the Eastern andSouthern Kentucky fields are developed the people of the State willawaken to the realization of the magnitude of the industry.Sfi te lHERE'S MAN HAD NOT HEARDOF DRAFT LAW.Failure to subscribe for a newspaper is said to be responsible for theplight in which John Shultz, a resident of Riverside, California, findshimself.Shortly before the selective serviceact, effective June 5, 1917, Schultzobtained a job in the mountains felling trees. He knew the United Stateswas at war, but he claims he did notknow about the order to register.When he came back to Riverside tosee his wife and child he was arrested as a "slacker." "This teaches mea lesson," said Shultz to his attorney,Lou Guernsey: "I'll never try todo without a paper again."Before the Auto WreckAETN Al Z EAutomobile Combination Policythe assured againstFireTheftTornadoPublic Liabilityand CollisionSomething new "Omnibus"endrsement is placed on all private pleasure automobile policies.Tie Aetna Automobile Insurance CompanyHartford Conn.A. J. FEE, Agt.Both Phonts 247(jlyl9-4tF)Tomorrow, Saturday, the Second Week of theShoe ClearanceSale!Will be the greatestmoney savins day inHigh Grade Men's, Women's andChildren's Shoes, Oxfords and PumpsMany shoppers have attended this great sale.FOLLOW THE CROWDSand take advantage of this great opportunity. ENTIRESTOCK AT PRICES LESS THAN PRESENT WHrYl ia7i900k'COST,Ladies' MahoganyCol. rumps, Louis Heel, Welts,$4.50 values at..Tan52.99Ladies' Patent andKid Pumps, Louisand Low Heels,$4.00 values at..Dull$2.49Ladies' highest quality and mostbeautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan,White and Black Boots, Oxfordsand Pumps, Walk-Over andother famous makes, atCLEARANCE SALE PRICES.Ladies' Kid Colonette Pumps, &&M., and High Boots, Louis and lowheel, Turn, $5.00 values at.-Ladies' Dull and Pat. Kid Bootsand Pumps, broken sizes, $3.50aid $4.00 values at$3.95$1.49Ladies' White Canvas Pumpsand High Boots, Louis and lowheel, $3.00 values at.... .1.99Ladies White Canvas Ox-iords, Low andCub. heels, $2.00values, atIIMen's G. M. Eng.ioras,D6st makesall sizes, $4.00values, -atOx-$2.99Men's Tan and G. M. English ft if,vtea:0:.!88;,50. 13,49srAa,$i.99Men's, Boys', Misses' and Children's ia.White Tennis Oxfords, 75c values, at"CChildren's Patent and White Canvas 0fllPumps, $1.50 values at V 9CDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreACOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Refe av