NEWS'!XPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERITUY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRI JAY, DECEMBER 20. 1918THEBOURBONi iIX14BED CEOSS CAMPAIGN.The membership drive for the RedCross Roll Call, this year designatedas the Christinas Roll Call, is makingfast progress and in Paris, Mrs.Frank P. Lrowry, Chairpian, and themembers of the various campaigncommittees, are jubilant over the results shown by the canvass thus farmade.No tabulated results have beenavailable, but from all quarterscomes a seeming unity of desire toenroll in the organization of charityand mercy, and it is deemed certainthat by next Monday, when the RollCall is completed, the goal will beachieved here, and every adult andevery child in the city and countywill be enrolled.The workers report to the headquarters at the corner of Main andBroadway, in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building. They say thatthe reception given them is something wonderful, there being few refusals to join, and many persons arenot contenting themselves with thedonation of the single dollar requiredof membership. There is much competition among the business housesto enroll their employes on a 100per cent basis.On Wednesday three booths for theaccommodation of those who wish toregister in the Red Cross Roll Call"were established. One is in theTenth street passenger station of theLouisville & Nashville, one in theParis postofnee corridor, and thethird in the business section of thecity at a point convenient for all.These can be used by persons whemthe committees have not visited attheir homes or in thefr business"houses. Those in charge of the workask' that all such persons will visitone or the other of these booths andregister.Posters, buttons and windowcards have been finished to theworkers and all who enroll are askedto use the same. White stars will begiven to paste on the red crosses displayed in the window of every homeregistered one hundred per cent, thatit having all the adult inmates enrolled as members.One hundred per cent Red Crossliomes in Paris can be recognizednext week by the white star in thecenter of the Red Cross service flagsdisplayed in their windows.This white star shows that everygrown-up member in the household isa 1919 Red Cross member. Schoolchildren are not to be solicited forone dollar memberships in the RollCall so that only adult membershipsII1gflfiSSEKaBSTl-T . . TLMM&miOur Watch.3svChristmas GiftBuyingIOU will find here,iill1dance of gifts ofmore than evertion from our policy of maintaining the highest excellence in all our merchandise.The prestige of a gift from this establishment adds much to its value, but nothing toits cost.We have gathered the best Watchesfrom the leading American and Swiss makersand we have secured countless exclusive thingsin many other lines comprising the latest creations. We wish to give you every attention inour power, and we urge the early .selectionof your gift. '1ITHEA.J.WINTERSCO.(Incorporated.) "The House that sells'The Most Beautiful Watch in America."fill'LIFTED INCOUNTY.As far as the county precincts areconcerned regarding the influenzasituation, they "are in Tuck." At ameeting of the County Board ofHealth held yesterday with a fullmembership present the situation inthe county was thoroughly discussed.Every phase of the situation wasgone over, and the conclusion reached that the Board would be justifiedin lifting the ban, which has been ineffect since November 8. Theshall not be permitted to attend theted to open, the only proviso beingthat children under twelve yearsshall not be permitted to attenr theschools or churches. The meetingwas presided over by Dr. Silas Evans,County Health Officer. The orderbecomes effective to-day.HOLIDAY GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co., your headquarters for Holiday gifts. (x)ts fe ISBUY SOMETHING USEFUL SEEUS BEFORE PURCHASINGWhen buying Christmas presentswhy not get something useful? Wehave everything in our line. Calland see. '(x) LOWRY & MAY.count toward the 100 per cent whitestar.The little Red Crosses, each denoting a 1919 member need not beplaced on the service flags bearingwhite stars.There should be a white starshining in the window of everyhome in Paris this Christmas Eve.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, of Paris,Chairman for Bourbon county, stated to THE NEWS yesterday, that itwas her desire, as well as that ofevery member of the committee engaged in the work, to increase themembership in Bourbon county, andto that end she urged that everyman, woman and child in the cityand the county, irrespective of color,be enrolled in the Red Cross Christmas Roll Call. Every effort is beingmade along these lines, and as thepeople of Paris and the county havealways made generous responses toall patriotic movements,' Mrs. Xiowryis confident when the final "RollCall" is called, the county will showa large increase in membership.Up to the time the headquartersclosed, at 5:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon, a total, membership of 2,000had been reported, 365 members beported as secured yesterday.ieGRUENVERITHJN& WMSTUTrritntJ i3Dopartmimtias usual, an abunmoderate cost in factbefore but no deviaINFLUENZA BAN IS: 1- IIte inIIIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY...Lieut. Cassius M. Clay, who hasbeen in the service in. France, returned Wednesday and is at present)at the home of his mother, Mrs. C.M. Clay, at "Auvergne," near Paris..Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, ofnear Paris, have received a letterfrom their son, Lieut. James ClayWjard, who has been on the -firingline in France. The letter bore a, recent date, and the writer stated hewas well and enjoying the luxury ofa rest from duty.Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, of Paris,has received a letter from her son,Lucien Arnsparger, tnow overseas,and located in Belgium, covering thetime he left New York until November 14, the day the letter was mailed.The letter is a very interesting one,but because of its great length, hardly possible to publish in one issue.A letter was received in Paris yesterday by relatives from Mr. J. S'jottWoodford, who has been on the firingline in France since being sent overseas fropn a Southern cantonment.Woodford stated that he liad seenplenty of excitment, was in excellenthealth and hoped to be sent back tothe U. S. A. shortly, in which wishhis friends here joiiu 7.,Equipped with, papers showing hishonorable discharge from service inthe U. S. Army, Lieut. Ollie WvMcClure, of Little Rock, has returned tohis home. Lieut. McClure, who is ason of Dr. and Mrs. P. L. McClure,of Little Rock, has been stationedin the Government Aviation Serviceat Fort'Ethan Allen, in Vermont. ,In the casualty lists published re--centlyin the daily papers appeared,the names of Private Gus Westfall, ofParis, as seriously wounded, and Private Henry Whitridge, of Paris, asslightly wounded. THE NEWS published a letter sometime ago fromPrivate Whitridge, stating he NJjadbeen wounded twice and was in a'Base Hospital, to which he had beencarried by a Paris boy, Lucien Arnsparger, a member of the AmbulanceCorps. ,With the announcement that alarge number of negro soldiers fromthis State had arrived in New Yorkfrom France, the first lot of "BlackDevils'.ta return, the coloredjneoplejoi .raris are quiie ceriam mat ajiuiu.-ber of men from this vicinity areamong the number. Numerous postcards have been received at the Parispostomce in the past few days fromformer Paris men who had been inFrance, stating that they fully expected to return to this country, asthey had been moved close to seaportsand that their return home was onlya matter of a few weeks.Corp. John M. Stuart, of Paris, stationed at the U. S. Proving Groundsat Aberdeen, near Baltimore, Md.,sends THE NEWS man a copy of TheBaltimore Daily Star. The papercontains two pages of illustrationsshowing someof the immense guns,mortars, tanks siege-guns, fieldpieces, etc., tested at the AberdeenProving Grounds. 0-ne of the gunswas a monster of steel, throwing abig projectile thirteen miles. Thearticle was written by a staff correspondent of The Star, who accompanied a party of Government experts onan inspection tour of the huge plantand the testing grounds.A postcard from B. Clark Wilson,son of Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Wilson, ofParis, states that he has been moved,with many others, from a Base Hospital in the East, to the new GeneralHospital No. 35, recently institutedby the Government at West BadenSprings, Indiana. The Governmenthas taken over the magnificent WestBaden Springs Hotel, one of thefinest show places in the country, andequipped it as a general hospital forwounded returned soldiers. Wilson,who was in the aviation service, wasslightly wounded while in France.He writes that he was in bed, butfeeling much better. He enlisted .inthe Canadian Royal Flying Corps andwas afterward given a release to joinan American aviation corps, going toFrance with the corps.The official reports of the War Department contain the names of HarryW. Cunningham, Strother Prewittand James Fuller, of this' county, ashaving been killed in 'action inFrance. Young Cunnriigham, whowas reported as having been killedon October 8, was a brother of A. W:Cunningham, of near Paris. He wentto Camp Taylor in April and wassent overseas in August. Prewitt,who was a brother qf Mrs. Wm. Kinkaid, of North. Middletownwent toCamp Taylor in September, and wassent overseas a short time after. Fuller was officially reported as killed inaction on October 31. He was a sonof Mrs. Martha Fuller, of near Paris,and a brother of Thomas, Alvin,Robert and Albert Fuller, of Bour-4bon county. He entered the serviceas a volunteer in 1917, and was stationed at Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, O., from where .he. -was sentoverseas.(Continued on Page 2)mi tq fHFOR THE MAN.Give him one of our $30 .suits orI overcoats for Christmas." (x) MITCHELi & BLAKEMORE.BODY OP DROWNED WOMANPOUND APTER LONG SEARCHAfter a long search, during whichttyne, the searching party were several times misled by false hones mdfalse finds, the body of Mrs. MilliePadgett, an aged woman, who wasarownea in tne Lacking River nearRuddles Mills, Monday night, wasfound after it had been in the waterfor three days.The searching party, composed ofresidents of the vicinity in whichMrs. Padgett resided, has used, everyavailable means at their command inan effort to locate the body. Fiomthe point where she was supposed tohave gone into the water a swift current sets in, and the water carrieseverything before it. Yesterday afternoon the search of the rescueparty was ended when the body ofthe unfortunate woman was foundheld fast to the limb of a sunkentree near the edge of HinkslonIsland, in Licking River, three milesfrom the point where she was supposed to have gone in. The body wastaken to her late residence in Ruddels Mills.-Mrs. Padgett had been in declininghealth for several months, supposedly due to the infinmities of age, shebeing in her eighty-fifth year, andwhile her daughter-in-law was temporarily absent from the home, sheleft the house and went to the creek,a short distance away, and plungedin. Her absence was shortly afterward discovered and searchers foundher shawl and bonnet on the edge ofthe creek, mute evidence of the factthat she had been drowned.A remarkable feature of the casewas that in an effort, to get sometrace of the unfortunate woman'sfate; one of her sons visited a clairvoyant in Lexington, .Wednesday.This woman described to a dot thelocation of the body, just how far itwas from where she had been drowned, the exact spot where it could befound, and general features surrounding it. Acting on this, butwith faint hope of results the partyproceeded to the spot and found thebody as indicated.LUMBER OmCES TO CLOSE ONCHRISTMAS.In accordance with our annualcustom our lumber yards and offices.will be closed next Wednesday, Decern Der z&, (Christmas Day.)THE BOURBON LUMBER CO.THE TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.(It)jwvChristmas GiftFor Father,SweetheartIf you wish to select an appropriate and useful gift forhim, make your purchase at our store. We have left nothing undone in selecting a stock of Christmas goods that wiltH meet with the approval of allUseful Gifts That Will be Appreciatedby the One Who Receives. ThemThe the thought of your little remembrance and kindnessat Christmas time will not be forgotten when you send hinYsomething that will be useful.Presents that men want, and we offer the followingsuggestions for your Christmas remembrance to him:Bath RobesSmoking JacketsSweater CoatsPajamasSilk MufflerFur CapesFur Gloves- .Let His Christmas Gift Come FromOur Store. :.Mitchell &- BlakemoreSmmsHmmwwwraDIS-A deal that has been pendingsome time was consummated very recently when the popular firm ofAdajmi & Santi disposed of theirconfectfonary, ice cream and sodastand, on Main street, to Mr. FrankBurton.The price paid was not made public. Messrs. Adami and Santi will return to their native country, Italy,according to information given outyesterday. Mr Burton some timeago retired from the restaurant firmof Ahern & Burton, doing business atthe corner of Main and Tenth streets.1 T SAT THE "HOUSE OFQUALITY."Ivory Toilet Manicure Set,hand painted. Just thethin?. "Howe of Quality."SHIRE & FITHIAN.fe fe TsiOPEN EVERY NIGHT.Our store will be openevery night from now untilChristmas,x THE J. T. HINTON CO.paBUSINESS CHANGES.J. Monroe Mansfield and GarrettJefferson, well-known Paris businessUnen, have purchased the interest ofMr. T. T. Templin in the TemminLumber Co., in which they have heldbusiness interests. Mr. Templin willretire from the business. He andMrs. Templin are planning to spendthe winter in Pensacola, Pla., whereMrs. Templin's sister, Mrs. RachelBarlow, and other relatives, havebeen residents for several years.S -feHANDSOME HOMES ARE ALMOST." COMPLETED.The -handsome hqmes of Dr. andMrs. Chas. G. Daugherty and Mr. andMrs. Wm. E. Clarke, both on Pleasant street, which have been underconstruction for several weeks, arerapidly approaching completion.Both homes are models;, of , mod emconveniences and in their natural locations, are evidences of the materialprogress Paris is making towardbeautifying residence streets withmodern homes.POPULAR ITALIAN PERMPOSES OP BUSINESS."WE KNOW HOW"BrotherTraveling SetsSafety RazorsLeather Cigar CasesPullman SlippersCollar BagsInitial, Silk andLinen HandkerchiefsCITY MAY PURCHASE NEW HRETRUCKThe city of Paris may soon be fortunate in the possession of an up" todate combination, fire-fighting truck,like the one that was exhibited heresome time- ago. The city -now has Inits treasury a sum sufficient for thepurchase of such a machine, according to a statement made yesterday byan official close to the administration,and it is highly probable that thepurchase may be made soon.According to the information gieaout yesterday by this official the cityis contemplating the purchase of anAherns combination pumping engine,those and chemical engine, of tnesame -type as the one the Governmentsent to Camp Knox some time ago,and which was given a , practicaldemonstration in this city, making aremarkable showing. This machinehas a capacity of seventy-five gallons ,of water a minute on two lines ofhdse, with a one-inch nozzle.The Engine and Hose Committeeof the City Council will confer -vritha representative of the manufacturers of this machine, who will takethem to the factory in about twoweeks and give them a practicaldemonstration of the workings of the 5machine. When the sale is made itwill provide Paris with one of themost complete fire-fighting machinesin the S,tate.. 5 ?l 5OLD SANTA'S HEADQUARTERSOld Santa Claus has made hisheadquarters at our store and hasbrought everything here to delightthe children let the little folks .akea look. Wagons, Autos, Sleds,Sporting Goods, Rifles, Irish Mails,Drums,v Skates, etc.; useful gifts,too, such as Robes, Foot Warmers,Heaters, Ranges, Buggy Robes,Guns, Ammunition, Flash Lights, etc.(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CO..fe fe 4-NEW SERIES OP CHRISTMAS'SAVINGS CiUB NOW READY. -Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nxtChristmas. Start with us now to. ourhew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice cneckcoming next Christmas.. FARMERS' & TRADERS' BANK." (x)Us 5 ISTHE PLACE TO BUY.The House of Quality forjewelry.SHIRE & FITHIAN.orTraveling BagsSuit CasesUmbrellasSuspendersNecktiesSilk HosieryKidGlovos!Kj)r mr7 H .m "-IE .sr-" ?" : gz stsrasf"J AGE TWO-.$8H-.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKYV frFRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 191gDUE BOURBON NEWSfcitablished 188136 Years of Contuitions PublicationIfaHished Every Tuesday and rridayPar Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.glOtbered at the Paris, Kentucky,. Postoffice as Mail Matter of the! Second Class.)CGOVERNMENT 'WITHDRAWS REQUEST FOR WALNUTSTUHPAGEI have been informed by the.United States Government that thetWar Department desires that prominent publicity be given the followingnotice:"The .necessity therefor havingpassed, the Ordinance Departmentand the Bureau of Aircraft Production hereby withdraw their request,made several months ago, that-wal-muf.Gtumpage be disposed of as a patriotic duty and that all walnut; logshe, as far as possible, converted onlyinto airplane propeller lumber andgun stock blanks, effective immediately, therefore, and the sale and purchase of stumpage or logs is-viewedUy them as purely a commercialtransaction and the conversion ofthis wood into veneers and lumberlor commercial purposes is, in theiropinion, entirely proper.'"In. giving this notice, these Departments desire to convey to theowners of walnut stumpage and tothe, lumber fraternity, their appreciation, of the hearty co-operation,which they have evidenced in this"walnut war campaign and by whichco-operation success in supplying theneed during the National emergencywas attained."Yours very truly,L. S. ROBBINS,Emergency Demonstration Agent,Lexington, Kentucky.Hi IBa HiFRIDAY HIS LUCKY DAY ,: The Woodford Sun comments as folio vs on a recent real estate transaction in which a Bourbon county farmbrought a good profit for three differenfowners in succession:"Fred M. Carroll believes in Friday. Why not? The more things he-starts on Friday the better they turnout"Fred sold his farm, , in Woodfordon Friday. He bought a farm inBourbon county on Friday. He moved. to Bourbon on Friday, and on another Friday sold his new purchase atprofit of $4,000.i;i-"red-bought the Joe Farris -place.6&lp8 acres, near Millersbiirg, for$25,000, held it several weeks andBOldit for $29,000 to Andrew Shrout,of Carlisle. Farris had paid $17,000for it three years ago,"ta is feDon't v stop buying War SavingsStamps until you have purchased allyour can. Don't be a quitter buyyour quota.2fcS?S?rriSiTHE- MOST.jxWjtVrp"Vt of th hnrrai body ailmjvofl.au i "to health and Ions; life -a;irp sois !hfklurleys. "When hey slow up and com-marlca to lar in tnerr duties, iook oiuiPinfl out what the trouble is withoutjl?loi Whenever you feel nervosa,tv-calc, d:".zy, baiter from sleeplessness,ocj haro ijii3 in the bulk wake tpa&ovre. V ur kidneys need help. Thereavc fiiiins. .t- wvirn you that your kid-'nfrjrpj am . ! performing their funq-tfrs. prcvjrty. They axe only halfdtiiup: iticJLa -work an.l are alJovinsr im-frSritiftattftiaCMmulate and bo conxvr-ed -Into acui and other poisons.wUlrJt arp I'auslTn you distress and willdestroy you unless they are drivenfrom your 3ystem.jcc-w???fcmrjlrtrestottetf pXPERT Service as we II JL-i understand it means N! that we equip your car .- . . . 1I:. witkFirestoneTires. . "I;- $' IB SucK a service means B"Most Miles pec Dollar," ' f , x ' a - J J,H"i fnnih Vfonvwk' MO1 xjmwhWB lwm-' i ikkmKs.B iMnHgQuV" tfiHfti ? wars!ANSWER "HERE!'wT0 RjED CROSSCALL."Join! all you need is a heart anda dollar."Residents of Paris and Bourboncounty this week are being confronted at every turn with this BedCross Christmas Boll Call membership slogan.Go into p. restaurant and you'llfind the message on a neat littlesticker, attached to the menu card.Buy a magazine at a newsstand, andyou'll probably find the "Join" slogan attached to the cover page orcarried inside in an attractive advertisement donated to the Red Cross.Many of your letters will reachyou carrying this timely "urge,"and perhaps you'll find it pasted on atelegram. Very likely your Christmas parcels will be sent home fromthe. store sijmilarly labeled. .Thousands of these .little stickerswill appear in Paris to supplementthe work of posters, billboards, streetcar cards driving home the "Join"message.The Red Cross has used every possible means to get the "Join" ideaacross in the Jake Division States ofOhio, Indiana and .Kentucky becausethe goal of the Red Cross ChristmasRoll Call in this and every community is "universal membership," and"universal membership" means everybody enrolled sf December 23.Pa !aaPRESIDENT GETS GREAT RECEPTI0NIN FRANCE.President Wilson entered Paiis,Saturday, amid the boom of a hundred guns in salute and a greetingat the railway station and along theroute to his temporary residence byenthusiastic throngs, estimated to total nearly 2,000,000 persons, whosecheers set the air vibrating., "President, Poincare, Premier Clemenceau and other French officials metthe Presidential party at the railwaystation, together with French andAmerican military officers and prominent civilians. tAfter the presentations had buenconcluded the Presidential party entered open carriages of state anddrove under overcast skies along theappointed route between solid ranksof French troops.The route was lined for miles withcaptured guns and other mattle trophies and every available space wascrowded by vast crowds waving andshouting their- welcome. Lij iji iiDELAY IN PAYING OFF SOLDIERSIS CRITICISEDCriticism of delays of the WarRisks Insurance Bureau in payingsoldiers allotments, and the War Department for failure to pay manysoldiers returned from overseas forhospital treatment was voiced againin the House.Republican Leader Mann read atelegram from Richmond, Va., saying soldiers in a hospital there hadreceived no pay from the War Department from five to eleven months.Representative Rucker, of -Missouri,Democrat, charged the bureau with"gross negligence," complaining thathe was reliably informed that it has300,000 letters "dumped in a heapunopened."' fc fca P3Patriotism does not cease whenfighting ceases keep on buying W.S. S .until Uncle Sam tells you tostop.DANGEROUS DISEASEGit oonie GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OHCapsules at once. They are an old, triedpreparation U3ed all over the world for'enturies. They contain only old-fash-'ioned, soothing oils combined withstrength-giving1 and system-cleansfnghorbs, well known and used by physicians in their daily practice. GOLDyiZlTy.VL, Haarlem Oil Capsu'os are imported direct from the laboratories inHolland. They are convenient to take,and will either give prompt relief oryour money will be refunded. Ask forthejn at any drup: store, but be sure toet the original imported GOLDMEDAL brand. Accept no substitutes.In sealed packages. Three sizes.Do Your Xmas Shopping Early This YearAnd Don't Forget the Merchants Below, Who Are Asking ForYour Trade.GENUINE FRIUT CAKES FOR- CHHISTMASPlace your order with, us if jouwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christjmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother 'used to make."(x) " - 'WILMOTH & CO.n m i. . MORRIS CHAIRS. .We are showing a big line of Morris Chairs. Make, him comfortableby giving him one for Christmas,(tf ) 'THE' J. T. HINTON CO.19i a jsaFOR YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKE. ANow is the time to buy1 fruit foryour Christmas fruit cake see &uyline of candies before buying.MRS. ELLIS' 'CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY. J(x) Opp. Court House.'YOU'LL LIKE IT"Do your shopping at A. F.Wheeler's, opposite CourtHouse. You will like it. Allkinds of furniture novelties.(dec6-tf)isa a isaCHRISTMAS STATIONERYWe are showing the greatest variety of Christmas Stationery in Paris,(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.Pa Kb JsiTURN YOUR F00TSEPS THIS WAYAND YOUR SEARCH IS ENDEDWe bave what you want,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.TBi fsa TssAN IR0NT0N HEATER .IS .JUSTTHE TRICK.Why worry about what to buy fora Christmas gift. You need a gasheater any way. Buy one for mother's Christmas gift. The whole family will enjoy and get the benefit ofit, too. When it comes to heaters,an Ironton settles the argument. Wehave a large stock of all sizes.' PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(x) (Incorporated)Sa Ea iiHOLIDAY GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x)BUY SHOES FOR GIFTS.People have quit giving trash forpresents. Shoes as presents is common sense. We have the best made.They are the cheapest in the longrun. Let us lay you aside a pair forfather, mother or son.(x) HARRYLINVTLLE.---- P F-x. rS -.SHOES FOR PRESENTS.We are selling lots of shoes to beused as Christmas gifts. Haven't youa friend or relative that needs shoes?Let me sell you a pair for him or her,they will be appreciated,(x) HARRY LINVILLE.I. - B& 1E3 Hi ' " 'NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES.Fresh barrel of New Orleans Molasses at ?1.25 per gallon,(x) C. P. COOK & corTea Pa fcsFOUNTAIN PENS FOR CHRISTMASPRESENTS.Conklin's Self-Filling Fountain Penis still the best pen on the market.We have a good stock for the holidaytrd6(x) ' ARDERY DRUG" CO.-Ta lea 1 ' 'BUY PRACTICAL. SUBSTANTIALPRESENTS FOR CHRISTMAS. f. ''Read our advertisement for suggestions of common-sense, useful andpractical presents. .(x) FRANK & CO.NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of, the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or ?5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.. FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)USEFUL AND ORNAMENTALFurniture, rugs, vacuum sweepers, electroliers all make usefuland ornamental Christmas presents.We have them,"(tf) THE X T. HINTON CO.-i m 1Q& ri iORDER EARLY AS SUPPLY ISLIMITED.Leave your order with BrubeHolladay for a box of Miss Holladay's delicious candies. No Christmas -g'ftwould be (more highly appreciated,and you certainly could not buy better candy any place in the world.Order early. The supply this year islimited. ,.,. ,(x) " BRUCE-HOLLADAY.CHRISTMAS GOODS THAT WEREBOUGHT EIGHT. -Christmas shoppers this year aretrying to save' money. Tiose . whoare wise will take advantage of thefollowing information: JasE. Craven has just returned from! Cincinnati, where he bought a car load ofgood things for his holiday trade.Mr. Cravens has told us that he hasbought more than ever before, consequently bought his goods right.And by being on the ground got thebest, picked it out and sent it home.If you want the best Oranges', Bananas, Grape Fruit, Figs, Nuts,Dates, Candies, both in the bulk orbox, see him. Buy from Craven andget the best at the cheapest price,(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRY(Continued from Page 1)A telegram has been received herefrom the War Department at Washington, announcing that Gilbert Lee.Stone is reported officially as missingin action in France since August 2$.Young Stone is a grandson of thelate Mrs. Martha Jones, of Paris, anda nephew of former Parisian JamesJones, Mrs. M. T. Sosby and Mrs.Childers Jones." TMr. George W: Dawson, Of Clik-tonville, received a telegram, from'Mrs. Dawson, stating that her nephew,, Garner JSstes, formerly of CUntonville, was one. of the thixty soldiers injured in a train wreck inFrance. Young Estes was a memberof the American. t ExpeditionaryForces. Nothing further has beenheard fropn him.?;Mrs. Wm. Jtincaid, of North Middle town, received a telegram from,the War Department, stating that herbrother, Private Strother Prewltt,had been killed on, the battlefield inFrance in the last big drive. YoungPrewijit had resided" in the NorthMiddletown. vicinity near all his lite.At the time he "enlistein in the Fervice he was residing with his brother, Mr. Clay Prewitt, on he Paris andWinchester pike, near Paris.Private Richard English has returned to Paris from Camp Beauregard, .near New Orleans, where t hewas ,a member of the VeterinaryCorps. He has received an honorable,discharge. The camp had been anactive place for influenza germs, as,according to Private English, over800 cases had been reported at thehospital headquarters.English stated that he had the influenza, but did his own prescribing,drinking only lemon juice. He saidhis chief regret In having to leavethe camp was that the watermelonswere just beginning to ripen. He saidLouisiana is composed mostly ofsand, flees, mosquitos, negroes andpine trees. ,Mr. Ira G. Taylor, of Shelby City,formerly of Paris, has received a letter from his son. Ira G. Taylor. Jr.,i with the American ExpeditionaryForces in France, stating that he recently escaped death in a train wreckin which thirty soldiers were killed.Young Taylor is a grandson of Capt.Ed. Taylor, former Parisian and wellknown traveling man for years in thedry goods trade. He volunteered andwas for several months stationed atCamp Zachary Taylor before bfaingsent to Camp Shelby, at Hattiesburg,Miss., where he remained until hewas sent overseas. He had been inthe service a year in this country before being sent across and arrived toolate to get into the fight, as the armistice was signed before his divisionreached the front.A letter from B. Clark Wilson, ofParis, who recently arrived fromFrance at the Base Hospital, at Richmond, Va., states: "I am still inRichmond, Va., but expect to leavesoon for some hospital closer toParis. Up to the present time I havenot heard just where I am to go. Wehave been expecting to hear everyday since I landed, but have had toawait orders from Washington. I amstill in bed but am able to sit up.We are at present having fine weather. It has not been very cold outhere. People come out from Richmond every day and "Dring us fruit,cigarettes," candy and cakes, so yousee we are not suffering very mucn.I am enclosing ,a clipping from theRichmond News-Leader, which tellsabout" us leaving. We are well takencare of out here, Just as we wereelsewhere, but I want to say piat thegrandest organization in the worldis the Red Cross. Well, may yet geta chance to write again soon."si Hi 1iDO YOUR. SHOPPING EARLY FORCHRISTMAS.The admotition, "Do your shoppingearly," should be observed by evrycitizen this year of all years. Belatedshopping means crowded stores andcrowded stores means the proboblebroadcast sowing of more influenzagerms. Furthermore, if the presentsituation continues the health officials may take a hand and put theban on shopping. This year it maycome to a case of shopping early ornot shopping at all.We want our young readers toknow that Santa Claus has been declared to be immune from the influenza. Whether the old gentlemantook a shot of the serum discoveredby the 'Rockefeller Research Institute,, or whether the early shoppingbeing done by the thoughtful parents of the nation is responsible forthis happy state of affairs we do notknow. But the fact that the old fellow is in ship-shape and hearty, andwill be seen as usual going down thechimneys. .He will be especially active with THE NEWS' advertisers, aswe have advised him 4 that he willfind the best assortments and thehost, stocks in these stores that keepthemselves before the public., a ta vAN APPROPRIATE PRESENT FORCHRIgTMAS-HE NEWS;tittS tjtow.cj mnrlPBtIvBiiErirests thatno more acceptable Christmas gift"could' be' made to sopne one ftway-. '.1 jf .a tint .. liKtrom nome man xo aeuu mm w iioiTHE NEWS for a year. One hundredr and four visitations during theyear, as a reminder of your remembrance would certainly be a welcomeChristmas gift. Try it. Two dollarsper year sends THE NEWS -iis atwice-a-week visitor to someone 'aw ayfrom home--better than a letter, because it has the news in THE NEWS,in condensed shape, is mailed promptly each Monday and Thursday iiight,is always -on time, and address canbe changed any time the recipientmoves from one place to anotherLike a faithful servant it will 'follow on."1 ' $ "JT, IRONtWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.rCumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For Rent.Five-room cottage at Hansonstreet and Lilleston avenue. Alsofurnished front room at Fourth andPleasant streets. Apply to'(6-tf) MRS. R. M. HARRIS.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmerand Traders' Bank", of Paris, Ken-,tucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. pi. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK-P. KISER, President.W. W: MITCHELL, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgriculatural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of S a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a m. and 3p. m to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6-td)Farm For Sale!Containing about 58 acres, twomiles from Paris, right at goodschool; on. a splendid piker having anew house, splendid orchard, gooddairy, good barn, plenty of outbuildings in good repair, and never-failingwater. Eight acres in rye and therest in blue grass. Price, $300 peracre, and terms easy.(17-tf) J. B. CAYWOOD.For Sale40 Acres BourbonCounty LandA 40-acre tract of Bourbon countyland, situated one mile from Paris.For further information inquire ofundersigned.(13-tf) HENCE MARGOLEN.$125 A MONTHFor Men and WomenMen and wopnen, ages 16 to 45,who have finished eighth grade orits equivalent, are wanted, from eachcounty, for business positions payingup to ?125 a month. Chances for promotion good. Experience NOT necessary. We train yotc Mail this:-COTtEON-DRAUGHTON'S, Nashville, Tenn,,Box K-I41.Send particulars of your proposition. (Name)(Address)(16-4t)Public Sale of City Property!The undersigned will offer bis residence for sale, on the premises,No. 131 Duncan Avenue, Paris, Ky., at 2 o'clock p. pa., onSaturday, December 21, 1918.The house is- a two-story brick building1, with basement, well constructed, and is described as follows:FIRST FLOOR Parlor, -dining-room and two bed rooms, kitchenwith new water tank, bath room, laundry room, pantry, large pres3room, front and back porches, halls and stairways.SECOND FLOOR Three bed rooms, hall and lumber room.BASEMENT Two large rooms and furnace room.The building has a furnace, or may be heated by natural, gas orgrate fires, and has electric and gas combination fixtures for lighting.The Jot fronts about 80 feet ,f; inches on Duncan Avenue, and run3back equal width about 241 feet 5 inches. It has a macadam drivewayto the stable lot with large stable, and has a large garden, cistern, andother improvements, including hydrants in front and back yardsj a nowlypaved street, an excellent neighborhood. vTERMS! One-third cash, balance for equal parts of the purchase5money evidenced by promissory notes due in six and twelve months fromdate, bearing interest from date, secured by lien on the property.Possession January 15, 1919.GEORGE H0WA1D. .- GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.?Place Your OrderNow ForGenuine ,FRUITCAKESFORChristmasFruits, Nuts, Cakes,Candies, Etc.Everything; fresh, new stock.Iiight prices.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376z i-Visit Goldstine's ForXmas Specials! IWhite Cotton Handkerchiefs with small figure incorner 8c'Ladies' and Misses' Handkerchiefs in fancy boxes,special, per box 59cChristmas Footwear Ina variety of styles. Seethem on display."Men's Initial Linen Handkerchiefs, 6 'in box, special 98cLadles' Suits, Coats,Furs, Millinery, Waists,etc., for Christmas.Twin Bros.Department Storeg Main and 7th Paris, Ky.-"-j'4 --tPlenty ofGhristnisFruits!ModeratlyPricedMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketVmvynFRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 191STEE BOTTEEOK HEWS, PAWS, XEHlirCETMGEWIr 1KttiiiLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiii1D LETTERSUnder date of Nov. 24, Edward C.Doty, formerly of Paris, a brother ofJohn H. Doty, writes from the U. S.S. "Nevada," to THE NEWS as follows: "Edinburgh, Scotland,"U. S. Ship 'Nevada,'"Nov. 24, 1918."Dear NEWS: Just a few lines tolet you know that I am still inEuropean waters. The cheer-upships, Nevada and Oklahoma, leftthe United States on August 13, anddropped their' mud-hooks in BantryBay, Ireland, on August 23. We hada nice trip over, and had the pleasure of firing three shots at what wetook to be a submarine. If it was a'sub the blamed thing certainly wontto Davy Jones' locker, deep down inthe bed of the Atlantic ocean, a-nd itis there yet, for all we know."About three weeks later the battleship 'Utah' joined us. BetweenOctober 15 and 16 we got under way,and conveyed the largest convoy thathas come across the Atlantic duiingthe war. The trip was cold andrough. A fe wdays later we took theflu, and I'll tell you that it suielygoes hard with a fellow. We badtwelve funerals aboard this ship inone week. 'The Nevada' left BantryBay, Ireland, on Nov. 18, and arrivedin Scotland a few days ago. Gee,talk about a trip over the ocean, ittook a real salty gob to stand onhis feet. The ship listed about thirty degrees and I believe she wouldhave been, upside down if she hadlisted a few more feet. It was lealfunny to see us trying to eat our'chow,' with the tables set up. Tneywould slide all over the deck, but westayed with them."We left the Utah and the lOklahoma in Bantry Bay, and I thinkthey will soon be sailing for America. We are now anchored in a placecalled the Firth of Forth, with theEnglish fleet, better known as theGrand Fleet. But the best part of itall is that we have the German, highsea fleet right here with us. Wentout a-nd got the boys. The fleet consists of thirty or forty batleships andcruisers. They are still manned bythe Germans, but I think we willtake them off."Well, wish I had time to write atgreater length, but there goes thebugle, sounding the mess-call. Withbest regards to all, I am"Yours sincerely,"ED. C. DOTY."HOSPITALS FOR CARE OF DISABLED SOLDIERS URGED.Hospitals costing $26,000,000 andproviding 13,000 beds are estimatedas necessary to care for dischargedsick and disabled soldiers. AssistantSurgeon General Stimson,of the Public Health Service, asked the HouseBuldings Committee with the approval of Secretary McAdoo, for anappropriation of $10,000,000 to provide the first 5,000 beds.New hospitals are planned at Norfolk and Seattle, he said, and atsites yet to be selected in the Massachusetts Berkshire Hills and in NorthCarolina. Additions also are plannedto the Marine Hospitals at Boston,Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit, Evansville, Louisville, New Orleans, SanFrancisco, St Louis and Wilmington,N. C, and at the Fort Stanton, N. M.,sanitarium.Hospitals now under the control ofthe army are expected to be turoedover to the Public Health Service after demobilization. Dr. Stimsonsaid, however, that the cantonmenthospitals are best only for tepnpoiarypurposes.A 1JUST A MILD ATTACK.THE NEWS man was talking afew days ago to a recent suffererfrom, influenza and asked him how itfelt to have the "flu." The responsewas a very satisfying one, as the victim evidently knew what he vastalking about:"If 'you haven't had the 'flu' youcan tell when you have it by thesymptoms. First you have a chill andyour teeth make more noise than atin lizzie. Your back gets so cold Itwould make a cake of ice sweat, andyou have a fever at the same time.Yon take vour temnerature witn abar of cold iron; you hold it in yourmouth and if it gets red hot you haveonlv 300 decrees of fever, but if itcets white hot you have 500 degrees,and you had better take something.You sneeze 60 times to the minute.When you sneeze your head leavesyour shoulders about four feet, yourneck stretches like rubber; it's the rebound that hurts. Your back hurtssome, too. If you happen to sleep,you dream that the butcher is removing your backbone with a dullclever. Every time you get a longbreath it feels like you have swallowed a handful offish hooks and youreye-balls and lids are so sore youdon't bat them at all, just greasethem to keep them from drying up.Your ears are there just for ornaments; you can't hear anything.t Your nose gets scared; it just runsall day. You only take fifteen kindsof medicine dose every four minutes. Of course, I may have justhad a slight case of it."T Hi teQUICK CURE FOR CROUP.Watch for the first symptoms,hoarseness, and gjve Chamberlain'sCough Remedy at once. It is promptand effectual.(adv)-dec)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTWe take this welcome opportunityto tell several well-intentioned contributors that as far as THE NEWSis concerned, the world-war is over,and all we want is to have theKaiser and his crowd condemned andexecuted by an international courtpnartial.Two very interesting but unsignedcommunications, as to how President Wilson should have control ofthe peace terms, and as to whatshould be done with the Germannavy, have had to go into the discard.Anonymous communications, no matter what their import, or how wellmeant by their authors, cannot bepublished.J feSANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls, DiningRoom Furniture, Waiters,Desks, etc., at reasonableprices. Everything to pleasethe children. See our window display.E.M. WHEELER &CQ.x Robneel Building.iai lea isGENUINE FRUIT CAKE TORCHRISTMAS.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Nancy., and MargaretGriffith are ill of influenza at theirhome on Pleasant street.Mr. Amos Turney, Jr., has returned from a Cincinnati hospital,where he recently underwent a successful operation for mastoiditis.Mr. A. S. Wilson has returned tohis home in Madison county after avisit . to his daughter, Mrs. C. A.Apiyx, on South Main street.Mr. Roger Wilson, a well-knownyoung farmer, is seriously ill withpneumonia at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Wilson,near. Little Rock.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hintonhave returned from a visit to Wichita4 Falls, Texas. Mr. Hinton wasengaged in legal investigations during his stay there.Mr. and ;Mrs. L. G. Maltby anddaughters, Misses Anne and FrancesMaltby, of Georgetown, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goggin at the Hotel Windsor.Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Wilson,of Shawhan, have gone to Eustis,Florida, to spend the winter. Mr.Wilson has only recently recoveredfrom a severe attack of pneumonia.Miss JBmma Louise Burley, whohas been in Michigan, for severalmonths, arrived in Paris this week tospend the holidays with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Burley, on Eighthstreet.Prof. Thos. A. Hendricks, formerSuperintendent of the Paris Schoolsand now President of Hamilton College, in Lexington, was a businessvisitor in Paris Tuesday. Prof. Hendricks says he still has a iondnc-ssfor Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5.)Kl J5g E3PRESIDENT WILSON SAYS:Place your order -with us if youwant a genuine delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) WILMOTH & CO. .TBI P mi 'HUNTERS NOTJTNDING GAMEPLENTIFUL.Despite many cbunteV assertionshunters who have.been in the field inthis and adjacent counties, admitthat there are but few quail this year,and that real sportsmen are notshooting thepn. But few of the ringnecked pheasants fc have been seen.One Paris sportsman noted for his fairdealing said, in commenting on the"pot-hunters:""If the Legislature would pass anact making is punishable toquail, say for three years, it wouldmake good hunting. But there are bomany Legislators, Senators and not-huhters who Jove to "hunt that theyj"Peace does not mean that we canfold our hands. It means further sacrifice. Our membership must holdtogether and be increased for thegreat tasks to come." From President Wilson's Red Cross ChristmasRoll Call message.Belgian soldiers in rest billets getreading matter from two central libraries consisting of 800 cases of 100books each, established by the American Red Cross.JS B53 ?3DO YOUR SHOPPING AT HOME.As the Christmas season is rapidlyapproaching the show windows of theParis merchants are gayly decoratedwith a variety of articles calculatedto revive jmemories of the old dayswhen everybody went shopping, andeven the older folks looked for thecomingof Santa'Claus.THE "NEWS repeats the admonition conveyed in a former issue thatour people can do their shopping herein Paris and get as good returns fortheir money as in any other place.Leave your money with the homemerchant, and it comes back to you"in due course of time. Their stocksare as complete and selected with asgreat care as any other, the merchants have accommodating and capable clerks and there is no real goodreason why the people of Parisshould go away fropi home to gettheir Christmas goods.jes fca laaThe palatial hotels of the FrenchRiviera have been thrown open asconvalescent homes for Americanofficers.)5i 1Q 15iHOLLAND WILL DELIVER BILLIF ALLIES PERSIST.cannot see tha kind of 'aTlfaw.ttFANCY BASKETS AND BOXESBeautiful. Fancy .Novelty Basketsin all 'shapes and. colors. Beautiful!boxes of one, two, three and fivepound candies of the famous Miss'Holladay make, are very acceptableChristmas .gifts.() BRUCE HOLLADAY.11 fe feA STUNNER.Grocers' Mjxed,- Candy, 25c apound; chewing ;gum, 3 packagesfor 10c, as long as our present stocklasts at these prices,(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.X1i BourbonLaundryvIf the allies insist upon the delivery of the former German Emperorand the Crown Prince to an international court of iustice. Holland willk11 yield, but will first urge that theallies content themselves with an understanding by Holland to inter themfor life in one of the .Dutch colonies,according to an Amsterdam dispatchto the London Express, .j Holland', it is understood, will suggest that Hphenzollern ard his son beplaced on an island in. either the Eastor Westr Indies whiere' he vwill be'guarded l)y "a Dutch .fleet.ix is iusu auuciyaiu uitu xxuiituiuwillt be- asked for r compensation forp'ermitfhg a' violation of her neutrality by allowing German troops tppass, through Jhe province of Lemb'urg on, their retreat from Belgiumand receivng German 'ships fromAntwerp." f This compensation, maypossibly be the cessation of certain(territory along the Belgian frontoyned by Holland since "1839. 1'erhaps the southern part of Dutch Lem-hurg will beLdejmanded. The population of this region, is principallyBelgian.TBft fe fe-Our army cannot be disbanded until the fruits of our victory are assured. Continue to buy,W. S. S.buy all .you can. . - 'DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 . ; z West Fifh StreetIp a, mn " &FSr jgsSATISFACTION iOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areiHprepared to do work infe- Jrior to none, and solicit kyour patronage.n- :$1The Bourbon Laundry" -' Paris, Kentucky' , ' .,.), jgvn '.! iVBrPlijiu&e a camnfrrtnn rtnr-AWHi nfmmrSLlf Vlit' til " now P0580 for- everysi uJ iwoinan through use of-"MARrNELLOPhantom PowderImmediately gives skin appearance of beauty then reallybeautifies it Unrivaled beauty builderlor face, neck and hands. Doesn't rubor wash off.jSpJertdidforeveninijmake-fcv. Vr ""wl vvji yryve us .merit.m. -a.:patonPhoe40J()16 MainHINTS TO CHRISTMAS. SHOPPERSSOMETHING USEFUL POtfCHBISTMAS GIFTS.What could he more useful as aChristmas present than some of thePyrex Glass Cooking Pieces? Wehave a splendid stock of it.(x) 10WRY & MAY.AGENT FOR FRENCH BR0S.-BAU-ERFANCY ICES.I am agent in Paris for FrenchBros.-Bauer Ice Cream Co., of Cn-4cinnati. Orders taken for all kindsof ices for weddings parties andhome use.' Prompt deliveries.RAY JOHNSON,x) ' 'Eighth Street.START A CHRISTMAS SAVINGSACCOUNT AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT-BANK.Don't he without spending moneynext Christmas. Start a Christinas'Savings account now. Our new seriesstart this -week.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (x)?s EaBEST OF ALL.Would not your wife be delightedto find a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet in her kithchen Christmas morning? $1.00 will put one there. Joinour new club.(tf) ' THE J. T. HINTON CO.ATTENTIONII hav6 an express shipment of that goodChristmas Candyon the way and it will be on sale by the time youread this. Save your candy orders for the RacketStore. Also the biggest and best line of ChristmasToys in town to select from.VISITTOYLANDS on the second floor in our store.USEFUL GIFTSPRACTICAL ANDCOMMON SENSE.Nothing would be as acceptable orappreciated more than a nice pair ofShoes. We have the best, and theyare the cheapest.(x) HARRY LINVILLE.isa m E3NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)153 153 ISLARGE ASSORTMENT OF CANDIES.We have a very large assortme-ntof the best bulk and box candies.Let us have your Christmas order,(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.-- IS IS 15lTHE CHRISTMAS STORE.A wonderful display ofChristmas Goods is beingshown at ovr store. Something for every member ofthe family from the little totto the grandparent. See ourwindow display for gifts forthe children. The priceswill surprise you.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.fe feTOYS AT LAVIN & C0NNELL5S.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERSToys in endless variety, for hoysand girls velocipedes, wagons,skates, sleds, drums, and everythingto make the little o-nes happy wehave it. Candy, fruit, dates, figs, etc.Come and see what we have and weare sure that the quality and pricewill please you.(x) LAVIN & CONNELL.fe fe feGIFTS WORTH WHILE HANDSOME AND MODERATELY SOLDDon't buy, trash for gifts. Letusshow you sopiething worth while.Pictures, leather Goods, Books,Fancy Baskets, Games', Stationery,Novelties that are really new andworth while! Beautiful line of novelChristmas Greeting Cards to seiectfrom. v -(x) . PARIS BOOK STORE.9The Paris Racket Store' Between Sixth and SeventhITIbiSTlGILBERT TOYSftormCto,:s.Tct.s..$1.00 to $5.00fctri.ca.,s.cts..$1.50 to $5.00Wireless Sets aaper box 25c to $1.00Motors, Transformers, Etc.Just What the Boys Want.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET, OPPOSITE COURT HOUSEc5a?gJErAN APPROPRIATE AND ACCEPTABLE CHRISTMAS GUT. -Nothing is more 'appropriate for aChristmas gift than one of thosefancy boxes or baskets of Miss Holiday's delicious candies. Leave yourorder now.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.1 1SS IS ,COLUMBIA GRAPONOLAS ANDRECORDS FOR CHRISTMASColumbia Grafonolas and Records.'We expect to have them in stock tonil all orders Christmas morning,(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.fe fe-feGENUINE PRUIT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order with us if youwant a 'genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to makp(x) WILMOTH & CO.fe fe fe :i--THE STORE OF A THOUSANDIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas." .Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heaters rto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYaIIIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR - ?Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.r r-jIVGIFTS THE'XMAS STOREftIf youwill'use judgment" you "wilrlvisit ourstore'befdre you buy Chrlstlmas goodff articles of quality Tea-.(x) FRAttK & CO.I ' , M , ta u " jA FEW SUCHSESTIONS-SUBSTANTIAL AND..SUITABLE GIFTSBeTovTisa'paftfal list 'o&laTtrcies,that " would be' most acceptable asChristmas gifts r01d' Santa Jiasmadegheadquarters at our -store this year,!Read over the list: t ' - uBuggy 3tobes,Foot Warmers, FJash-jLignts, wagons lor the childrenSleds, Toy Autos, Irish Mails, PandxdJim Sulkies, Guns," Stoves, Ranges,Sporting Goods1, etc. Any of thesearticles would be suitable" forChristmas gifts. - - rfNew Directory"- r -.i m' m ; t-JZ m ' .inome i eiepnune vo.Our new directory will go to pr6s within the nearfuture, and if you are thinking of having a telephone in-stalled we would be glad to figure with you. We are permitted by the" Government to make new installationswhere service is needed for essential purposes, and pro- " -vyfded'svye hatfe: facilities and the "Service Connection.;jGhger'ViS'paiolby ,the subscriber. This charge is- very' reasonable compared with that of piping your house forwater or gas, or wiring it for electric lights, and imposed- "by. thejGovefrnirieritraska warme&sure only. - -. 'Tar&ltame telephone & JTelgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH sDistrict ManagerK, s -X IttcafeKasusrecBfHwmwKzxumaarjOx) , FARMERS SUPPLY CO..auiagA tM-fc' ''-A7-gaeaassi r-Kcrtss--yeT-w nnunvwKSTas?t, .T"ly-' -i "'N.2 t-IV V...!.PAGE potoT5"Tr-THE Q0UBBOB- NEWS,-, PAKIS, KBOTUCETFRIDAY, DECEMBER, 20, 191$5!kR?D CROSS CAMPAIGN.Mrs. 'FJSaunk "P. Lowxy.has receivedthe following telegram, from -Mr.M&ckinzie P. Todd, at Louisville,Manager for the Red Cross campaign,in Kentucky: ,"Louisville, Ky., Dec 15, 1918,"Mrs. Frank P. Lowryr ManagerChristmas Roll Call, Paris, Ky."Again the people of Kentuckyhave presented to thepi an opportunity to -share in the great cause ofmercy, for which the Red Cressstands. It is indeed, a privilege, asthe titular manager, I summons bufor .''the service, and through youtIhope to speak to all the people ofKentucky. Surely at this roll railthere will be no absent or jmiss'uig.Let us set for our goal one hundredper cent, membership. In the secondRed Cross war fund campaign, Kentucky excelled all other States in thedivision, and was acclaimed by Na-:tional Headquarters as one of thebanner States of the Union. Let ussimply resolve that we will not permit our banner to be lowered.Carry on."MACKINZIE P .TODD,"Manager Christmas Roll Call for; Kentucky."tea isa bA VARIED ASSORTMENT..Wrist Watches for men;women and Children.SHIRE & FITHIAN.350Bourbon County FarmATPublicSATURDAY, DEC. 28,AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.The farm of E. F. Spears & Sons andN. H. Taylor six miles from Paris and halfmile from Escondida, on the Escondidaand Winchester pikes, will be offered infive tracts.This farm was the property of Capt.F. E. Nelson, and for 50 years was in bluegrass. It was sold to Spears & Taylortwo years ago, and they have cultivated alarge portion of the farm in hemp.itPractically 300 Acres of ThisFarm is Tobacco Land.The home place contains a two-story brick and frame residence withlate roof, seven -large rooms, reception hall, veranda, bath, complete,."back porches, with' presses throughout the house, lie house has thick-wills and rrench plate doors, is .well lighted, has fine dry cellar and isluilt on bungalow order. It is, newly painted outside anl inside andthe walls have been newly and artistically papered and decorated.Large double filtered cistern,'" ice house, servants house, smokeihouse, stock scales, all necessary outbuilding, and combined stock and.tobacco barn. - " . ""The farm lays well and amply watered by Green Creek and numerous.springs and pools, each tract- having abundance of water.A large portion of the farm is: bottom land and is within half a mile' of Escondida Station on the Xmiisjille & Nashville Railroad.TBACT NO. 1 Contains 19t71 acres fine bottom land- and lays be' tween the Escodida pike and Green Creek, and is directly opposite from-Tract No. 1 and Tract No. 2. Itias thereon a small tenant house andis the best 25 acres of tobacco land in Bourbon County.-. TRACT NO. 2 Contains about 58.20 acres unimproved land, faces1 on the Escondida pike. It has a beautiful building site. One third is; 'bottom land and ready for tobacco. It adjoins the lands of BrutusClay, and like Tract No. 1, is high and well drained.' ' TRACT NO. 3 Is the home place of Mr. Taylor, and contains about! 155.61 acres, one half of which is'fine bottom land. It faces on the Es'.jconaida pike The house is situated.' high and dry and commands abeautiful view of the surrounding country . v.;j TRACT NO. 4-Contains:about 44.98 acres unimproved land, all ofz which, is tobacco land. .There is. none better. It adjoins Tract No? 1,' and faces on the Efcondida pike. " " . . "'"' ,"'TRACT NO. 5 ContainVi70i67. acres unimproved WS j anji faceson the Winchester pike. Has fine building site and-is-ripe; and ready' for tobacco.. ! ; . . -TE1MS 10 per cent, 'oi purchase price cash in hand ok' day of sale ;23 1-3 per cent, on IJkrcV 1, 1919, when possession will- ;be given' - Tie remainder in-two eqkl':ii&tallttients of one and. two years. Defer, red notes Ty mj 6 per cent interest.tfM'SPEARSHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.GEO, D. SFEAZES, .Auctioneer. ' , d. HARRIS,' ManagerFOUKER NEWSPAPER MAN ISDECLARED INSANE.Judge John D. Wyatt, former newspaper man, hotel pnan and automobile salesman, was tried in the County Court at Maysville, Monday, before a jury, and adjudged insane.Judge "Wyatt had been under the careof relatives for some time, and latelyhad been placed under restraint until an investigation as to his mentalcondition could be made. By orderof the Court he was sent to the Lexington Hospital for Insane.Judge Wyatt, in years past hadbeen engaged in a number of, business enterprises. For some time heoperated newspapers at Ewing, Falmouth and other points, was in thehotel business, acted for a time as anautomobile salesman, was a railroadexcursion agent, in, the jmillinerybusiness, County Jpdge of FlemingCounty; and other enterprises.' ' ife lORANGES BY THE BOX.' Oranges by the box get ourprices before buying. . , .(X) LOGAN HOWARD.FOR THE LADIES.We are showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving trays and many otheruseful articles,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Auction& TAYLORACRERELIGIOUS.Judge Lyman Chalkley, of theTransylvania University, Lexington,will address the congregation at- St.Peter's Episcopal church in this citySunday morning at 10:45 o'clock. NoSunday school will be held.The Intermediate, Senior andAdult Departments of the ChristianChurch Sunday School will meet at9:30, a. m. Sunday for their regularservices. The members of the AdultDepartment are urged to be present.All young people over twelve yearsof age are allowed to attend by orderof the Health Board.1 Isi aCHRISTIAN CHURCH NOTICESThere will be services at the Christian church Sunday morning at10:45 and Sunday .night at 7:00. Avery cordial invitation is given toall who will attend The churchwill be warm and well ventilated.The subject for the morning serpnonwill be "Peace with Honor." ' Thissermon is one that not a single person can afford to miss. Come andbring your friends. The communionservice will precede the sermon. C'hechoir has prepared special music.The Ladies Bible class is very anxious for a full attendance the firstSunday in January, as this is thetime for the election of officers.Those who are in the arrears withtheir curch subscriptions are askedto please send the money in as soonas possible.IS TEaTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.At the sales held Tuseday the Independent House sold a total of 62,640 pounds of tobacco for $19,312,81a floor average of $30.83. ' At thesale the crop raised by two youngwomen, Misses Pearl and Tillie Garrison, comprising 1,300 pounds, wassold for an average of $49.38.' Onebasket of the crop sold for $62.The Bourbon and Paris housescombined had a good sale, disposingof a total of $22,625 pounds of tobacco for a floor average of $29.56.Some of the crop averages follow:Fitzgerald & Skinner, 3,425pounds, average $32.81; O. P. Kissick, Montgomery county, 1.350pounds, average $31.35; "Ward &Downard, 2,985 pounds, average$22.69; Wagner & Herrington, 2,115 pounds, average $32.09; Dam-aby & Son, 2,270 pounds, average$33.26; Kiser & Burden, 2,610pounds, average $39.94.The market was in good conditionat Tuesday's sale, showing stronger'even on the low grades. The bidding was active and all the offeringshad a buyer at satisfactory prices, jThe prices on the breaks at Wed-inesday's sales were strong as those of jthe preceding day, tobacco with quai-.ity commanding brisk competition.,The Independent House sold a totalof 42,596 pounds of tobacco for atotal of $12,535.19, a floor averageof $29.46.The combined sales at the Bourbonand Paris warehouses showed a totalof 12,650 pounds of tobacco disposedof for an average of $28.20. Someof the best sales were: Henry Sosby,2,095 pounds, average $28.66; Mason& Darnall, 3,055 pounds, average$22.91; Taylor & Lawson, 2,250pounds, average $27.51; Jeffries &Humphries, 3,755 pounds, average$34.71.Sales will be held at both housesto-day, being the closing sales of theseason before the Christmas holidays.The Independent House sold yesterday a total of 24,245 pounds -oftobacco for a money value of $7,117.80, a floor average of $29.33. Someof the best crop averages at this, sale jwere as follows: Buckler & Turner,1,470 pounds, average $35.54; Payne& Jefferson, 5 50 pounds, average$30.1S; Lake & Harp, 5,640 poundsaverage $32.63; Morgan Allen, 790pounds, average $33.48,The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold on' its floors yesterdaya total of 31,840 pounds of tobaccofor an average of $30.05. ' The market was in good trim, with most ofthe offerings well taken by the buyers. Yesterday's sale winds up theseason until after the holidays. Afew of the best crop averages follow:Vi,mont & S. Florence, 4,105pounds, average $48.08; Vimont &F. Florence, 2,795 pounds, average$41.18; Pauline Tate, 310 1 pounds,average $32.46; Wiggins & Munson,,2,500 pounds, average $30.52; Florrence & Anderson, 2,445 pounds, average $37.50; Cunningham & Curtis,1,650 pounds, average $34.86; Cunningham & Mitchell, 1,585 pounds,average $33.06; Fluty & Webher, Z,120 pounds, average $29.14.IS la T5iUSEFUL.This year is the year to-give useful gifts. A new assortment- of bilkshirts has just come in at $5;00 to$10.00. ":- J. W. DAVIS & 'CO. ") 1 feOPEN NIGHTS; ;For the. benefit of, shoppers, we will be open everynight until after Christmas., '-"x THE A. J. WINTERS CO!. 1 WR PS ' "" "CHKISTMAS , MONEY FOB T&ETEACHERS.- ,Through THE NEWS County. Superintendent of Schools J. B. Cay-wood desires to inform the teacharsof Bourbon county schools that theirIunnstmas money will be availableat his office o'n to-morrow, morning.ie will be in the office for. that purpose up to 2:30 o'clock to-morrow, afternoon. . - . ..FOR THE BLACK CAKE 'Fresh ingredients for that .blackcake: ' Citron, "seeded and- seedless,raisins, dates, shelled nuts orangeand lemon, peel, spices, etc.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.IaNNOTOCEMBHT FOR .QHBlTIAN CHURCH SUNDAY .SCHOOLWe-will observe our White Christmas this year just as we have in the.past; We would like to (make oiirChristmas baskets look just as niceas possible and we want them ta;coutain things which will make a niceChristmas dinner. We depend on theSunday School's donation to do this.The Sunday School pupils are askedto please bring their donations tothe church .next Sunday or Monday.The church will tie open all duringthe day. If we have Sunday schoolit would be best to bring them withyou at nine-thirty Sunday morning.The Departments are asked to bringthe following edibles; the Beginner'sDepartment, oranges; the PrimaryDepartment, apples and oranges; theJunior Department, potatoes; the intermediate Department, dried fruits,rice, beans and canned goods'; theSenior Departpient, candy; the Adult.Department, meat -ana nour. li.ypuwant to bring things which are notmentioned in the list, we will be gladto get them.Be sure to get the things to thechurch by Sunday or Monday.Signed, The Christmas Basket Committee. p2i PSl 183 "CHRISTMAS SAVINGSCLUBOur Christmas SavingsClub will open on December24, 1918.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co. .2 Psj 3MARGOLEN'S SPECIALS' FOE TWO. WEEKS &EAD OVER THE .BARGAINS.If you want to save money on staple groceries read over this list thatMargolen's Meat Market offers asspecials for two weeks:2 lb-can tomatoes, 2 for 25 cents.3 pound-can of tomatoes, 20 cents.Best grade of corn, 15 cents."Sale" Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Lenox Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Rolled Oats, per pound, 10 cents.Best Matches, per box, 5 cents,Best high-grade Coffee, per pound25 cents.Prunes, per pound, 15 cents.Best grade of Flour, 24-poundsack, $1.60.Canned Soup, per can, 10 cents.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (17-4t)ES TS ISREMEMBER THE ORPHANS OFTHE I. 0. 0. F. HOME.Those who have not- made theirdonation to the Orphans' Fund of theI. O. O. F. Hopie for Christmas,should do so at once. Drop yourdonation through the window atJanuary & Connell's store on Mainstreet, or hand it to Mayor E. B.KTanuary. Don't overlookthis worthycause, and remember you are aidingthe children at the Home, includingthe members of the Boys' Band whohave so often delighted Bourbon assemblages, with their music, to havea merry Christmas.WE ALL KNOW.I know, you know, they allknow how good that RedAsh Coal is. Remembersomeone with a ton.RAYMOND COAL CO.,-W. C. Dodson, Manager.(20-3t)IF YOTJ ARE OUT SHOPPING A TIP' TO REMEMBER.The A. J."1 Winters Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x). pa lm- .OUR BIG LEADERS.Fine , apples, 50cpeck;sweetoranges', 35c a dozen. '(x). ,. BUSY BEE CASH STORE.. fe te fe " 'TO ATTEND WAR EXPOSITION.Chief .Promo tor of Activities " Rudolph Davis left yesterday for Cincinnati to attend the big War Exposition now in progress at Music Hall.'1Mr. Davis will endeavor to securetwo small cannon as souvenirs toplace on the pedestals at the foot ofthe court house steps. ' He has beenin communication with the authorities for several days, and is of theopinion that he will succeed in getting, the relics as ornaments, v Several others from Paris will'attend theWar Exposition, but not one of themwill .be so busy as "Roxie," whoseactivities in good works are so wellknown and appreciated in "his hometown." . , 'lEi 1 151 r 'TURN YOUR FOOTSTEPS TJOSi. WAY AND YOUR SEARCH, 'IS EflDED.-We have what you want.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.'1 J '- CHRISTMAS GOODIES.Come to-the Red Front Grocery,opposite the court house to buy your,Christmas -candies, .nuts 'and. fruits,and get fresh' goods. -at .the vlowjestDriCes' -'''. !MUSI- ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARE1Y-(x)GROCERY. ., - I ', jaj m .- !CHRISTMAS CARIS AND -BEC0-;.RATIONS. -" I";"Elegant Christmas Postcards, 6 forJfc1!; candy 'boxes -i&nd nice decc.ra"tfcmsat -..-. -,(3Q - BUSY BEE -CASH STOREJ;" 1 1 Tr 1 r- .. i 'iAftGli TOBACCO BARirBESTROYED BY EIRE:'4 ' The- large tobacco barn of JamesMurray of Frankfort,- was destroyedby -fire. 'The loss on. the barn was$3,000, insurance $1,0 00, and on thetobacco ?5,000. Insurance-$4,200. '-FRANK&CO.. THE CHRISTMAS STOREThe StoreThousandSomething thatby mother, sister, sweetheart,any of the feminine sex.Silk UnderwearSilk Hose 'Silk PetticoatsSilk KimonosHandkerchiefsFancy TovelsCoatsSuitsFurs--&&and a thousand other articles, any ofwhich would please the women folks.See Us Before Buying YourChristmas Gifts.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSi Join the Red Cross MAH You Need is a HEART and a DOLLAR ImiHaving performed thi laudable act, you - canturn your thoughts with happiness and contentmentto the purchase of your J. '-"st ...."X .-' .'CHRISTMA---. GIFTS :':-ADon't overlook the HOUSE OF QUALITY, aname that is a synonym to the people of Faicis andBourbon county for JEWELRY, DIAMONDSAND SILVERWARE of guaranteed dependablequality. .We have a wonderful HolidayStock and can show you a ,: large variety of Gifts suitableV for ladies, gentlemen and -. .,-.xchildren. .A,IIThe wise shopper purchases early 'and?) avoidsthe rush and crowding of the last few daysi1 ;Weearnestly urge you to do your shopping now while'our stock is complete. We , will gladly, .store your. purchase until Christmas. ' . " ': ' ' h ". ' -The-House of. Quality FotJey$l$;t. T. Phqne 288 'M.of aGifts !will be appreciatedor1. . . ' .Ki i- im1IIInil) ; iJ'.jW'.' Homi, j&oe 130(VLv . -FRIDAY, DECEMBERS, 19X.THE B0TJBB0H NEWS, PARTS, rEHTUCKYpage rrwniX,?1kkJSSSfau&dk,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEA MANLikes a man's gift from a man'sstore .rnoenix siiu. sux, ou.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IFYOU AHE OUT SHOPPING ATIP TO EEMEMBER.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere. 'The A. J. .Winters Co. yourheadauarters for holiday gifts.(X) THE A. J. WJNT-ERS CO.. El JEJ "ElYOUR PATRIOTIC DUTY.Save your pennies in our ChristmasBanking Club and buy U. S: Bondsand Savings Stamps. :PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCOMPANY. (x)fe te teTHROWnr FUN AT US!Editor Jas. M. Allen, in his "Pertand Pertinent" column in the Cynthiana Democrat, takes a crack atthe dam situation in Paris, thusly:"The gap in the old mill dam atParis seems destined to become as famous as the crack in theCynthianaschool house wall several years Ego.There is, however, one point in ourcrack's favor it wasn't as big asthe dam gap by a dam site."E3 Es ISCHRISTMAS TURKEYSOrder your Christmas turkey fromus and don't be disappointed,(x) LOGAN HOWABD.sa m isREAL LEATHERBags,,Suit. Cases and Travelin$'9.00 to $25.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.pa is PaNEW LINE HOUSE SLIPPERS EORCHRISTMAS PRESENTS.Big assortment of house slippersfor the holidays now on sale at(x) FELD'S SHOE STORE.PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOLTO HAVE CHRISTMASOFFERING.On Monday afternoon, December23, the Sunday School rooms will beopen from 1 to 4:30 o'clock. Everymember, including the adult Bibleclasses, is asked to come and bringthe regular Christmas offerings Letus be happy by making others happy.See that your name is on the HonorRoll for this day. In order to avoida crowd, classes have been assigneddifferent hours to come. Your teacherwill notify you.191 1 J5i -,? CHRISTMAS MEMORIESWill be pleasant if you select hispresent at our store.(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE..NOT HOW CHEAP. BUT HOW. GOOD.ourCheap nuts are high. SeeWalnuts, Brazils and Almonds.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.APPLES. GRAPES. ORANdfES, ETC.eWe have bought in quantities allthe ahove, and are going to sell themright. We went direct to the marketand picked them out and got thebeat. Come and see us before youpurchase Christmas goods. We willsave you money and you will get thebest to be had. : , :(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.16SKK - -SCHOOL TEACHERS RECEIVEDCHRISTMAS PAY YESTERDAY.,School teachers received' their iayin full up to December yesterday,when checks were received fromState Superintendent of Schools V. O.Gilbert. Checks were mailed for anaggregate of $1,150,423.52,. andearly in January the teachers willreceive their December pay.Of the amount checked out thisweek the sum of $947,724.24 wentto teachers of the county schools,and $202,699.28 to the city schcolteachers.TWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENTSTORE, SEVENTH ANDMAIN STREETSi jBeautifuland useful Christmaserifts for large and small. Big assortment of ladies' and misses' suits,coats, waists, furs, etc.TWIN BROS, ,(x) Seventh and Main StsMAKE SOME SOULHAPPYThere is someone we couldsuggest who would appreciate a ton of Red Ask Coalfor a Christmas gift. Makesome soul happy.RAYMOND COAL (CO.,W. C. Dodsoh, Manager.(20-3t) '' 1 m i;-NO CHRISTMAS mEWORKS'Stringent orders prohibiting fireworks on Christpias have been issuedfrom the office of State Fire Marshal." at Frankfort. Instructions have beenissued accordingly to the Paris police. department' This will be a quiet... Christmas, save for tjie small 'boyand his tin .horn, and of course, .therewill be -no fireworks. 'The regulations this year are morestringent -"than usual, even prohibiting: the sale of fireworks. City officials "are told they .positively must en-.' -force the regulations from, stare to-"tBiab,, regardless ot'yrhom. lt?Iiurts,paffects. This is one of ."the most- effective means of preventing dangerous -flree. .Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Priceare guests of relatives in Eminence.Mrs. John Woodford was atguest of friends in Lexington, Wednesday. Mrs. Charles Posner has returned from a visit with relatives in Cincinnati. Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell 's aguest of Mrs. Mattie Crockett Barbour, in Lexington.Mrs. George W. Stuart returnedWednesday night from an extendedvisit to her son, Corp. John M. Stuart, and Mrs. Stuart, at Havre deGrace, Maryland.Among recent visitors in Lexing, inspecting the holiday displayswere Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts andMiss Margaret Ferguson and Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr.Mr. Walter Phillips, of the postoffice department at the Great LakesNaval Training Station, at GreatLakes, 111., near Chicago, is a guestof Mr. and Mrs. j W. James.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock,Mrs. J. Miller Ward and Mr. Charlton Clay are spending the week inNew York City with Mr. and Mrs.Frederick A. Wallis and other relatives. Mr. and Mrs. James Thompson,Jr., have returned to their home nearParis after a week's visit with Mrs.Thompson's parents, Mr. and Mrs. O.H. Chenault, at their home on Ashland avenue, in Lexington.Mrs. W. E. Board, formerly ofParis, who has been connected withNorton Infirmary, at Louisville, forsome tiine, as matron, is recovenngfrom a serious illness of pneumonia,and is now convalescent at that institution. ' Iiss Elizabeth Curie, of Cynthiana, returned to her home yesterdayto remain until after the holidays.Miss Curie, who is a niece of Mrs. J.'O. Marshall, of Paris, is taking acourse- in draughtsmanship at theUniversity of Kentucky.Little Miss Belle Brent Woodford, the charming daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Buckner Woodford, is anticipating a happy Christmas. Advices from Santa Claus to her homestate that he has become thoroughlyAjmericanized now, and that no"made in Germany" goods can befound in his pack.The social season in Paris thisyear is likely to be marked by a quietobservance of the day unless the influenza ban is raised before that festal day. Family reunions will be themost marked characteristic of theday, but other social gatherings arelikely to be restricted.Mr. E. Brewsaugh, of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,leaves to-day for Cleveland, Ohio, toattend the big W. S. S. banquet tobe given by his company to its representatives for selling the largestnumber of War Savings Stamps. Mr.Brewsaugh is one of the two representatives froni the Paris district.Mr. John T. Hinton. who hasbeen seriously ill at his home onHigh street, has taken a turn for thebetter, and is considerably improved.Considering his advanced age Mr.Hinton has manifested wonderful recuperative powers, and in the parlance of the day, "It's hard to keepa good man down."Reports from the bedside of Mr.John Mansfield, formerly of Paris,who is seriously ill at his home nearGeorgetown, are to the effect that heis still critically ill, with little prospect of recovery. Mr. Mansfield'ssisters, Mrs. T. T. Templm, of Paris,and Mrs. Rachel Barlow, of Pensacola, Florida, are at his bedside.Mr. John Crump, of Shawhan, isa patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, where he recently underwent an operation for appendicitis.by. Dr. George R. Rankin, of Shawhan. He is getting along very' nicely.Mrs. Eliza Douglas, of Shawhan, whois .at the same institution, is doingvery well. Mrs. Richard Menifee,who has been in the hospital for twoweeks, was able to be removed to herhome in Shawhan yesterday.Mr. John F. Davis, of Paris, received a telegram yesterday from hisbrother, Mr. Withers Davis, statingthat he and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis naaarrived at the Mayo Bros. Hospital,in Rochester, Minn., with Mr. Jos.W. Davis, Sr. Mr. Davis stood thetrip nicely. His case was diagnosed,and an operation will 'be performedto-morrow. Mr. Davis' many friendsare cheered by the prospect of a successful outcome of the operation, asindicated by the preliminary examinations made by the surgeons.Social items in the CincinnatiTimes-Stars' Covington departmentsays: "Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander,Mr. Uli J. Howard and son, Mr. Alevnader Howard, will go to Parisabout December 24 to spend, the holidays with the . former's daughters,Mrs. Owen L. Davis and Mrs. Buckner Woodford . . . Miss VirginiaPayne, who has been attending theMillersburg College; stopped over inCovington en route to her home at vClarksburg, West Virginia, to spend. Jnf. ie ornccf nf Mr nrf JlTrR. I0. J. H'arcourt."- (Other Personals on Page 3)Hi JB5 teHEW - SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAYINGS BEGIN A PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Our new series of Christmas Sayings Accounts starts this week Startyours to-day and have some cash tospend next Christmas.PEOPLES DEPOSIT . BANK &TRUST CO. (x)Hi te ay.WANTED TO BUY.5econd-hand furniture of all kindswanted. Also carpets, rugs, stoves,etc. Cumberland phone 780.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.,(17-2t) Paris, Kentucky.WOLLSTEOTS GOOD ADVICEWARM CLOTHING SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save doctor bills by buying goodwarm clothes for men and boys (atTwin Bros Clothing and ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof neckwear, handkerchiefs, underwear, etc.(x) L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.Do YourXmas ShoppingAiSimon's Gift Store and SaveChristmas Trees.Nice selection of Christmas trees,big and little . All prices.(It) LAVIN & CONNELL.For Sale.Ford roadster, 1916 model; electric "starter; electric lights; demountable rims; speedometer. Willsell cheap if taken at once.HARRY L. MITCHELL,(20-af) Paris, Ky.FOUNDBIG XM AS SPECIALWomen's GlovesREGULAR $2.50 VALUES$1.75For Gift Shoppers our showing of Christmas Gloves will be sure to prove interesting.Women's Kid Gloves in black and white andin black with white sitched backs, a nd whitewith black stitching on backs, regular $2.50values at $1 7SWomen's Washable Kid Gloves, in brown,white and grey with black stitching on thebacks, per pair $ 1 7SWe will not fit, exchange or guaranteethese gloves at these prices.HandkerchiefsFor ChristmasWomen's Handkerchiefs, in plain andcolore, embroidered effects, come in giftboxes of 3 in box at 25c, 35c, 50c, 69c, 75c,$1.00, $1.25, $1.50.Women's All Pure Linen Handkerchiefs,6 in box embroidered, at 75cWomen's Initial Handkerchiefs, coloredInitials, & in box, at 59cWomen's Initial Handkerchiefs, coloredembroidered Longfellow initial 3 in boxfor 75cWomen's Crepe -de Chine Handkerchief s,plain and colored borders 25cMEN'S MERCERIZED HANKERCHIFS3 in box, ... 50cCHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFSIn gift boxes 3 in box 1 5cWomen's HandBagsIn a good variety of attractive shapes$1.00 to $10.00Boudoir CapsDainty Boudoir Caps,in a pretty variety ofcolors$1.50Women's Neckwear A good assortment inStocks, Collars and Collarand Cuff Sets. . .50c to $1.50On Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling at "Wjilmoth & Co.'s -grocery,proving property, and " payingcharges. (20-tf)Cars For Sale.Three 1917 model FordTounngCars; one 1915 model CommercialTruck; one 1918 model Ford Sedan;all in first-class condition; one 1916model Jeffry Touring Car, with newtires, first-class condition. All atreasonable prices.(20-lt) RUGGLBS MOTOR CO.For Rent.Entire flat or special rooms, furnished or. unfurnished, with modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (20-tf) .Gobblers For Sale.We have for jjmmediate salo. achoice lot of Pure White Hollandgobblers. Apply toMRS. J. STUART ROBERTS,Cumb. Phone 519. Paris, Ky.'(20-3t)Christmas HosieryWe have a beautiful line of Women'sSilk Hosiery in a large variety of colors andembroidered and fancy effects. Perpair 75c to $5,00Scarf SetsKnitted Scarf Sets, consisting of Cap andScarf.98c to $3.00Dainty Waists for ChristmasWomen's Crepe de Chine and GeorgetteWaists, newest and most becoming stylesSplendid values at $4.98 to $ 1 5Women's Hand BagsIn a good variety of attractive shapes,fromSilk PetficoatsIn a variety of wanted colors excellentquality $4.98 to.$7 ;50$1.00 upChildren's Fur SetsFur Sets for the children pretty skinsat $7.50'to $12.50The Merchandise Advertised Above Will Also Be Found InOur Store At Lexington, Ky.HARRY SIMONfChristmas GoodiesFresh Nuts, Fancy Box and BulkCandies; Delicious Apples, Oranges,Grapes, etc.A. ADAMI.(17-2t)'Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. Pearl DeaverPlaintiffVs. NOTICE ,OF SALE.Mary Elizabeth Deaver, Etc .DefendantsMaster's SalevBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.C. G. Daugherty, Etc PlaintiffsVs. NOTICE OP SALE.George White Fithian, EtcDefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgjment and order of sale rendered at-the November, 1918, term, of theBourbon Circuit Court in. the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, Jan. 4, 1919at the front 'door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the. SETS rOE SOLDIERS.h' ';'A11 military toilet' 'sets ' in haki'for soldiers at one-half- price. '..J. W..PAVIS & CO.Tffifi NEWS A 'VALUABLECHRISTMAS PRESENT.' Suppose you were to be away f romhome six months, a year or longer,.wouldn't "you appreciate the; old homenaner? Honest, wouldn't itfliwiceweek appearance, carrying the newsand happenings of the" old qmetown be a most acceptable Christmas present? r Now oujldn.'t it?ARE YolTiaMEWTiPUZZLED?'-N0 TROUBLE ABOtlKltrHEBE -'-It it -is in -the jewelfj iine,. wehave iL. . .' j-j ' i V(x) ' THE A. J. WINTERS CO;hour of 11 o'clock a. m will sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedproperty: ...Beginning at J, (see 'plat), astone in Sidney Clay's, line S.80 5-8 W. 561 chains to K.,a stcnecorner to No. 2; thence with theline of No. 2 S. 21 E. 21.93chains to,D., the middle of theParis and Jackstown turnpike;thence with the- middle thereof N.44 E. 15.27. chains to N., acorner to No. 4; thence with lineof No. 4 N. 21 W. 17.57 chainsto the beginning, containing ,30,10acres as aforesaid, being a portionof the land owned at the time, ofhis death by the . late John . H.Deaver. ,Said sale-'wiH be made upon thecredits of- six and twelve..months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds fpHequal .parts- of the purchase jnonejeach to he approved bythe MasterOomjmissioner, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale- until paidand bearing in'terest at the rate of.six per cent, per annum from jdate ofsale- until paid, and having the'iorceand effect of judgments... Said sale is made for the purposeof reinvestment.6. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner -BrjC. C(dec20-27-jan3) ,, ' '"'iiUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November tenm, 1918, of theBourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, Jan. 4, 1919at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic auction to. the highest andbest bidd.er, the following describedproperty:That certain lot of ground withthe buildings thereon, situated inParis. Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the north side of East FifthStreet, and bounded and describedas follows, viz: Beginning at apoint in the north line of saidEast Fifth Street, midway betweenMain and Pleasant Streets and corner to the property owned by theestate of C. G.. Daugherty; thenceat Tight angles to East FifthStreet in a northerly directionwith the Jines of the property ofC. A. Daugherty estate, Mitchell& Blakemoje and the Singer estate, eighty-seven (87) feet moreor less to the line of the propertyowned by the Ingels heirs and occupied by a stable; thence alongthe line of said property in aneasterly, direction iorty-three (43)feet, more or less; thence parallelwith the first line above, eightyseven (87) feet, more or less, in asoutherly-direction to East FifthStreet; then with-the margin ofEast Fifth Street, in a westerlydirection -foftythree (431 te.et,more'; or less, to the point of beginning, and being the same property. "occupied by Drs. Fithian &Daugh-erty, now by Dr. Daugherty, as an'office. m - ,Said sale will ,be made upon thecredits of six and 'twelve (months, forequal parts- of the purchase money,the Tuirr.haser or purchasers being re-mfrArf fo execute their two bonds.with, good and approved .surety foreaual parts of the purchase priceeaobt.due six' months. and twelvemonths from date oi saie .iespectiYely," and bearing, date ofsale ''respectively, .and bearing 4nterest at -the rate of six per cent.perannum from date of sale until, paid,said THmds to have the force and effect bf judgments, with a lien retained upon the property to securethe payment thereof.J O, T. HINTON,; M. C. B.. p., G.- Talbott-& Whitley, Attprneys fc(20-27-3) . " . a-iThe Best Gift of AllThe Celebrated Clear-ToneCrescenteolaTalking MachineA Gift That the Whole Family Will EnjoyBeautifulIn ConstructionMarvelousIn ReproductionPlays any make ofDisc Records withoutchangeof attachments.Embodies the Bestin a Perfect Talking MachineCombines quality andutility with a moderateprice.I 111 ill" WrPff"Till V i fllilflff&IntV mm1 'I yf M. MT1 yaCome In Today and See the Differ-ent Styles and Hear Them Play.Our Direct-from-the-Factory SellingPlan Saves Our CustomersMany Dollars- Better stop to-day if you are thinking of buying atalking machine for Christmas,' as we only have a few ofthese rnachineasand may-pot be able, to get more in, timefor Christmas. - . 'Lady deleft Chocolate Cherrie? ML, 1 !Jitnt Thrived fresh. - j Special OU LIv .Try a-box;- you will be delighted with thms.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co.15 Main Street - y!.:Jf:11IKMEK.1ai11i1ItV&r'SXiHjnst"rHtrxvmi.PAGE SIXTHE BOTJRBOH HEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCr?FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 191K. IifMiyf rcifftiwfli 9fpmwwmiiiwMamfmK!f."PRESIDENT WILSOT. JCy ,PAYVISIT TO GKRMMfY.It is entirely likely tfiat PresidentWilson on his visit to Americantroops will set foot an Gerpian toilas lie is being urged by the Americanmilitary officials to visit the ThirdArmy of Occupation.It is no secret that Mr. Wilson desires in every possible way to showhis appreciation of what the American Expeditionary Forces have done.He is, therefore, sure to visit allunits he can reach in the time allotted for the inspection.Upon being told that it would beimpossible to dispose of any diplomatic work during the holidays thePresident practically agreed to spendChristmas with the American forces,probably at General Pershing's headquarters. 'All officialdom is deeply impressedwith the influence President Wilsonis plainly having on the rank anafile of the French people.The President's plans are for themoment rather haphazard.IS IS $HOW DOCTORS TREAT COLDSAND GRIPPE.Ask any physician or druggist andhe will tell you that the best andonly effective remedy for a bad cold,sore throat, influenza or la grippe iswhat he calls "a Drisk calomelpurge," which means a big dose ofcalomel at bed time. But as theold style calomel has some very unpleasant and dangerous qualitiesphysicians and druggists . are nowrecommending the improved nausealess calomel, called "Calotabe,"which is purified and refined fromthe sickening and dangerous effectsand whose medicinal virtues arevastly improved.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference and your coldhas vanished and your entire systemis purified and refreshed.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist guaranleesCalotabs by refunding the price ifyou are -not delighted. (adv)SA SUEHCIERT ANSWER.If there were not hundreds ofother reasons to keep up the suportof the Red Cross, the official announcement that 1,250,000 Americansoldiers will be kept in Europe Indefinitely ought to be sufficientanswer to those who claim to see noreason for further aid now that thewar is ended. So long as a singleone of our soldiers remains "overthere'the protecting, arms of the RedCross must be about them and theirfamilies, and while all of us cannotrender personal service there are fewwho cannot answer the Christmascall for memberships and help withthe small sum required, $1. A picture of misery and want is revealedin the war stricken countries such asthe world never saw before and theAmerican people expect the RedCros to act as their agent in restoring broken spirits and broken bodies.It cannot be done without money andlarge sums of it. The men and women who are sacrificing so much forthe good of humanity deserve ourheartiest support. Let us give it tothem with the unanimity that thegreat cause demands and make theanswer to the Christmas call formembership universal.J5l TE2 13CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYBefore using this preparation for acough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook, Macon, 111., writes, "I havefound it gives the quickest relief ofany cough remedy I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe,Mo., says "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cannot be beat for coughs andcolds." H. J. Moore, Oval, Pa., says,"I have used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy on several occasions when Iwas suffering with a settled cold uponthe chest and it has always broughtabout a cure.(adr-Jan)is fe IdA. R. CI sanitary Unit No. 36safeguards the health of thousandsof government workers in Washington. brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof si home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseOiectricitifor CigbtiitgIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating and gooKingIt's the only sensible plan.Ltt Us Fix, You UpFor the Use t! BothElectricity tai Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Iacorptiatei)aJ "!mm lisOf Christmas Goods at Lowest PricesAre Offered By Paris Merchants.Read This Entire Column.LADIES' SILK HOSE AND ADLERS.Washable gloves a beautifulChristmas gift for her.(X) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORB.i mBUY EROM CRAVEN AND SAVEMONEY.Buy your Christmas goodies fromus. We can save you money onFruits, Nuts and Candies, both in thebulk and in fancy boxes.(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.SPECIAL CHRISTMAS PRICES.Special low prices on apples andoranges during the holidays, at(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.ii s teARE YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?NO TROUBLE ABOUT IT HEREIf it's in the jewelry line we haveit.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.IBl E3 ILYE FOR SOAP.Banner and Greenwich Lye at 90cents per dozen.(x) C. P. COOK & CO.IQ6 fe feDON'T WASTE.Anything you buy of us will benot only useful, but servicable asChristmas presents and your moneywill not be wasted,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Pa ?s JALUMINUM WARE NICE XMASGIFTS.Everything in Aluminum Ware.Nothing makes a better Christmaspresent. Come, and let us show you.(x) LOWRY & MAY,lsa JGENUINE FRUIT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) WELMOTH & CO.t E5 feNEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVING CLUB NOW READY.Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoining next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)IS P2 1QFRESH BAKED DELICACIESEverything good in bakery linefresh cakes, pies, lady fingers, andall the products of a first class bakery. On sale at P. M. Heller's (meatmarket, Mulfingers meat market andat Ahearn's restaurant.(17-tf) M. RITTER, Prop.Cumberland Phone 850Home Phone 39, fe 3 13BARGAIN PRICES: CHRISTMASGOODIES CHEAP.We have a large stock of Chri-st-pias goods that we are going to sellcheap: Candies 30c to $1.00 perpound; nuts 40 cents per pound;oranges, bananas and all kinds offancy fruits reasonably priced,(x) GRANT OWSLEY.Ba b nUNVILLE'S, THE SHOE MAN, HASPRACTICAL GIFTS.A pair of these fine shoes out ofour stock would please him morethan the useless gifts he" has beenla the habit of getting. Buy shoesas gifts it's common sense. -x) HARRY UNVILLE.11 HiLET US DEMONSTRATE FOR YOUOUR LINE OF,SON0RAPHONOGRAPHS.Call in and let us demonstrate ourcomplete line of Sonora Phonographsin all styles from the medium priceto the handsome cabinet instrument.A Sonora Phonograph will make apresent that will be highly enjoyedand appreciated by the entire family.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(x) - Opposite Court House.fe fal feWOLLSTEIFS GOOD ADVICE-WARM CLOTHING SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save doctor bills by buying goodwarm clothes for men and boys (atTwin ' Bros Clothing a-nd ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof neckwear, handkerchiefs, underwear etc.(x)' L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.YOU HAD BETTER HURRY BUYTO-DAY.Get your order In early with BruceHolladay for Miss Holladay's candies.Sugar is scarce and the supply willbe limited this year, so order now;See our line of novelty baskets, allshapes and colors all prices,(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.mGO TO A SHOE STORE IF YOUWANT SHOES.Shoes is all that we sell. Weknow nothing but the shoe business.If you want groceries you wouldn'tgo to a shoe store if you want anything but shoes, we can't wait' onyou. Consequently, we should anddo know our special line and aresure that we can. please you withour big assortment of nothing butSHOES. They make nice Christmasi presents.(x) HARRY LETvTLLE.DOG LAW TO BE ENFORCED.The following letter from Commissioner of Agriculture Matt S. "Cohen,to County Clerk A. S. Plupimer, ofFleming county, explains a point ojiwhich THE NEWS has been' frequenty queried. The letter is reproduced because of its information tomany who think the dog law may notbe enforced:"My Dear Mr. Plummer: Replyingto yours of November 28, in whichyou ask in case a man should cometo the office between the 5th ond10th of January and ask to havelicense issued him for his dog ordogs, whether or not you should Issuelicense or refuse to do so by closingyour books as required by the act onJanuary 1st, I beg to advise that thelaw states specifically and emphatically that all dogs must be licensedon or before January 1, 1919, andafter that date should the owner whohas listed his dog or who owns a dogask to have same licensed, you shouldijmmediately swear out a warrant forhim for the violation, of this act, orelse notify the Sheriff with a wrtitennotice to the effect, in order that theSheriff mar proceed to carry out theprovision of the act."I say to you frankly, this law isput on the statute books to be enforced and you may say to your people that it is going to be enforced regardless of who the violator may be."If the Department can serve youfurther in this or any other matter,only command and believe me."Yours very truly,"MAT S. COHEN,"Commissioner of Agriculture."P3 153B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsfe 51 ISiEIRE AT WINCHESTER DAMAGESBUILDINGS.Fire on north Main street at Winchester destroyed the contents of theBush Brothers barber shop, with anestimated loss of ? 2,0 00. The firmcarried $800 insurance. The fireoriginated by the explosion of asmall bottle of gasoline, left too nearthe stove in the rear of the shop.The damage to the building owned by D. T. Matlack, will be between$500 and $800, fully covered by insurance. The Winchester RollerMills had some wheat stored abovethe shop which was somewhat damaged by water.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan."jsa a BaSURGEON-GENERAL SAYS THEELTJENZA SITUATION WORSEWarning to the country that theinfluenza epidemic is by no meansended and that all possible precautions against the disease should betaken was issued Wednesday by Surgeon General Blue, of the PublicHealth Service.Reports received by the serviceshow a recrudescence of the disfinsftpractically from one end of' the country to another and in his statementDr. Blue advised the closing of publicschools on the first sign of the reappearance of the epidemic.Information reaching the PublicHealth Service shows that in California increases in the number of casesare reported from San Francisco andmany other cities. Indiana reports noimprovement in the situation, exceptthat the cases' are milder, while inIowa there has been a marked increase in the number of cases.Kentucky reports a decided recrudescence in Louisville and some ofthe larger towns of the State, whileOhio reports increased numbers ofcases in Cleveland, Cincinnati, Columbus, Akron, Youngstown, EastLiverpool and many other cities.Pi PQ, pSi iCATARRHAL BEAPNESS CANNOTBE CURED.By local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by -aconstitutional rremedy. , Catarrhaldeafness, is i caused by an inflamed;condition of the mucous lining of thet.Eustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when, if isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this restored to its normalcondition, hearing will be destroyedforever. Many cases of deafness arecaused by catharrh, which is an inftampned condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.MEWSPAPER-STUEEING MACHINEELTMTNATES HANDWORK.Anewspaper-stuffing machine, saidto accomplish the work of a dozen or(more persons, is shown in the January Popular Mechanics Magazine;.The task of assembling the severaleditions of metropolitan newspapershas always been, a manual operationthat 'has called for the weekly employment of much extra help.' Thenew machine consists of a series ofconnected units. A four-head apparatus, intended for handling a foursection paper, assembles 28,000 sec:.tion into 7,000 complete newspapers;in one hour. It has been demonstrated that the machine tears less thanone newspaper in a thousand. 'ffl Pft B 'It cost considerable money to sendour army to France, and it will cost'just as much to bringr them,-, home.Your savings are still needed' byUncle Sam needed badly. Makegood your W. S. S. pledge and bu'allthe W. fc S. you can.l 1 fcMake good your W. S. S. pledgebuy your share. Don't be a quitterbuy ykour quota. vChildren LoveCascarets 10cCandy cathartic is harmlessto tender stomach, Mverand bowelsYour child is bilious, constipatedand sick. Its little tongue is coated,breath is bad and stomach sour..Get a 10-cent box of Cascarets aridstraighten the youngster right up:Children love this harpiless candy1,cathartic and it cleanses ' the littleliver and thirty feet of bowels without griping. Cascarets "contain nocalomel and can -be depended upon tomove the sour bile and poison rightout of the bowels. Best family cathartic because it never cramps orsickens like other things. (adv)& mCAN YOU BEAT IT?Influenza germs, placed, in nostrils and throats arid eaten in theirfood .by 100 volunteers in Government experiments, at Boston, Mass.,have resulted in an increase of appetites and more vigorous health, according to physicians.The experiments were undertakenby the Navy Department at theNavy Public Health Service Hospitalon Gallups Island, to ascertain thecause and spread of influenza. Theyhave had merely negative results, according to a report given out.Some volunteers have been inoculated with serums, but no cases ofthe disease have developed thus far.The tests will be continued.?2i Pa P3HEAB ANT) NOSTRILS STUFFEDFROM COLDS."Pape's Cold Compound" Ends aCold or Grippe in aFew Hours.Your 'Cold will break and allgrippe misery end after taking a doseof "Pape's Cold Compound" eveiytwo hours until three doses aretaken.It promtly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge of nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverlshness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed. up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Accept nosubstitute. (adv)A regular American hospital with55 beds is now in operation in theHoly City the A. R. C. is on thejob.EDW. BUBKE. President.Edw. BurkeSam ClayJas. M. CaldwellBobt. E. BeattvLuther StiversC. D. WilsonoPCn p-Tobacco Warehouse CoeV4V ft -"1Salef v i,4.hThe BourbonWrjiU- StfHjrcf hz.t .''f -Q Je -j'q yjTOFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to See1 the WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf yoxx are interested, in better andmore economical farming, come inand eee vliat this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.H. S. CAYWOOD. Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. BodeersA. B. HancockJno.S. B.". v ,t ni r)(Incorporated)BOURBONOpening Sale Dec. 1 1AVERAGE$32,05, rDecemberI -J-AI -.V jAVERAGE$30.1.1-5SALE TO-DAYLast Sale Before HolidaysI -&vTobacco Warehouse Co.Phlt'rtL n . -.- (Incorporated)PARIS,-KENTUCKYTHEJOHN T. COIXINS. Manager.T. CollinsBurrisA. L. StephensonH. S. Caywoodill- ,c 7aLVT'lil u 1a -r-13thr -rj" i .3,. Ur:f5j .TMV Vt fTimOfSI 2-H -w'Nn4s3.7HPRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1915. -jTHE- JBOTTB301L NEWS, PjUUS, KElfTUgKY,PAGIrAAJ;nnTBADUNG IK MOTOR MECHAHICS POR CRIPPLED SOLDIERS'(By Douglas C. McMurtle, DirectorRed Cross Institute for Crippledand Disabled Men.)Mo'tor mechanics has proved a mostpopular subject of instruction forcrippled soldiers who are being retrained to becopie self-supporting,self-respecting workers. In fact, thetrade is almost too popular, say directors of Canadian Schools in whichhundreds of disabled soldiers are today teing trained in new occupations. Practically every Canadian soldier-who is asked to choose from amongthe various trades in which classesare operated, selects automobile mechanics. But most of the men haveto be dissuaded from their intentionand are turned into other channelsof industry. Otherwise, every crippled, soldier in the Dominion wouldbe. looking for a job as automobilemechanic after he had completed hiscourse of training, and the supplywould far exceed the demand.Canada, England, Germany andIndia are among the belligerents thatoffer training courses in motor mechanics to the disabled men of theirowa forces, and America, in line withthe program of re-education that shehas adopted, is teaching her woundedand disabled soldiers automobile repairing. At Fort McHenry, wherethe United States operates a laigereconstruction hospital, one of thetrades taught to convalescent soldiers is automobile mechanics. Aone-armed or a one-legged automobilemechanic will not be a new thingunder the sun once the general public has been committed to the principles of re-construction.In. British Columbia gasoline-engineclasses were organized soon after the wounded began returningfrom overseas. Vancouver, Victoria,Esquimault and Westhaven provideinstruction in motor mechanics. InVictoria the Military Hospital Commission and the Board of Educationtogether operate a fully-equipped motor repair shop in which men whowish to become chauffeurs are taught,lien trained in this course conduct awell-patronized jitney stand in thetown. Those who wish a thoroughcourse preparing them as motor (mechanics are sent to Vancouver, andlater to the new workshops atEaquimault and Westhaven. TheMilitary Hospital Commission hasmade an arrangement by which rarcripples at Vancouver are taughtdriving at an excellent automobileschool in evening classes. Then, too,through the generosity of the ownerof this school, any disabled soldiermay attend his day classes free ofcharge. Several men, from otherparts of British Columbia are keptin Vancouver on a maintenance allowance while receiving training.Fhere is a big field for workmen inthis trade in Saskatchewan, asthrough all the west, and thoroughcourses are given for war cripples bythe University of. Saskatchewan. Another course is at the Provincial Institute of Technology and Art at Calgary. Disabled men so trained compete successfully with the averagesound mechanic. One soldier, who losthis right arm, is preparing with hischum to have a small flour and gristmill in one of the centers of thePeace River district His course inautomobile mechanics and gas engineering will enable him to takecharge of the power plnat (stationarygas engine), to run a wood-cuttingplant, and to mend automobiles as aside-line. Mis cnum will atxena tothe milling proper.While the wounds of English soldiers and sailors are healing atQueen Mary's Convalescent Hospitalat Brighton and Roehampton, theyare afforded the opportunity oflearning motor mechanics. Theworkshop at Roehampton is fitted upas a model garage in charge of disabled men who, besides being skilledinstructors, understand the specialproblems of the war cripple. A "Bri:ton" motor chassis, working modelsof engines, three center drilling andturning machines, a drilling machineand benches fitted with the vises andtools needed in repair work are included in the equipment. An electricmotor gives power for the machines.The class has a 15-20 horse powerDarracq motor car for institutionpurposes. .Germany, too, has excellent training courses for war cripples who takeup motor mechanics. At Usseldcrf,on the Rhine, by the co-operation ofthe provincial and city administrations and local walfare societies, warcripples are being trained in manyskilled trades. Here the course inautomobile mechanics was established at the request of the motor-repairshop owners who needed workmenand could not obtain able-bodiedmen. Within a very few months thepupils of the first-class had successfully repaired fourteen differenttypes of motors whose mechanism..they understand thoroughly.Even in far-off India, the trade ofautomobile mechanics takes hold ofthe imaginations of the natives. Itmust be ,a curious sight indeed to seeIndia's disabled sons repairing an automobile or studying the intricaciesof mechanics in the shops that areoperated at Queen Mary's TechnicalSchool in Bombay. These curleybearded, olive-skinned warriors willnot be left on the highroads to beg,after they have served their country,but will be trained for useful tradesin 'which their physical handicaps donot prevent them from competingwith able-bodied men.' CURE AT A COST OF 25 CENTS."Eight .years ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was "a great suf-'"ferer from indigestion and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, HI. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, and there wasa feeling like a Jieavy weight pressing on my stomach and chest all thetime. I felt miserable. Every moriael'of food distressed me. 1 could not.rest at night and felt tired and worn' out1 all the time. One bottle of Chamberlkin's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different person."(adv-jan)MILLERSBUKGMrs. Lucian Maltby and twodaughters, of Washington, Ky., wereguests of Mrs. A. S. Best, Saturdayand Sunday.Prof, and Mrs. P. J. Davis, ofLouisville, have arrived to spend theChristmas holidays with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Jones.Capt. and Mrs. Nelson, of CampSherman, Ga., arrived Wednesday tospend the holidays with her parents,Judge and Mrs. T. P. Wadell.The Millersburg College elopedTuesday for the holidays. Most of thestudents have gone to their homes.The College will reopen on January2, 1919.Miss Ada Ritchie, who has beennursing Mrs. W. G-. Dailey for severalweeks, left Tuesday for her home atCarlisle. Mrs. Dailey is much improved and is able to be out again.WANTED TO BUY. Secondhand furniture of all kinds wanted.Also carpets, rugs, stoves, etc. Cumberland phone 780.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.,(17r2t) Paris, Kentucky.RED CROSS NOTICE. Citizensof Millersburg, answer the Red CrossChristmas Roll Call. All you need isa heart and a dollar. If you have notbeen solicited it is your duty to enroll to-day. The Millersburg Chapterwants 100 per cent, enrollment.This is the last appeal. Help us getit.Miss Mildred W. Bruce entertained with a breakfast Tuesday atten a. m in honor of the approaching nuptials of Miss Lucia Butler andRev. Albert Sidney Venable. A delightful time was enjoyed by all present. The following ladies were present: Mesdames Priest Kemper,G-. C. Watkins, Irvine; Geo. E.Reynolds, A. S. Miller and C. R. Carrington; Misses Lucia Butler, MacLona Butler, Martha Smith, all ofMillersburg. 'Master Clyde Robertson, six-;year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. ArthurRobertson, died Wednesday at eighta. m., after a several weeks' illinessof meningitis, superinduced by Spanish influenza. It will be remembered that the entire Robertson familywere ill with influenza. He was thefirst to get out but in a few dayo hewas seized with a relapse, and wentinto meningitis. The little body waslaid to rest in the Millersburg Cemetery Tuesday at ten a. m., after ashort service at the grave, conductedby Rev. J. W. Gardner, pastor of theMethodist church. The family havethe sympathy of the entire community in their sad loss.For many years during the lifetime of the late Mrs. Belle Tay:or,there was a family reunion in herhcpne. This was dispensed with lastyear on account of the recent deathof Mrs. Taylor. The reunion v 511again be resumed on Monday in thehome of Mr. and Mrs. T. D., Judy,when the following descendants ofMrs. Taylor out of town will be p'resent: Dr. and Mrs. S. H. Creightonand son, Mr. Taylor Creighton, Mr.and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, Mr. and Mrs.A. M. Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind.,Mrs. Emma T. Long, of Georgetown,Mr. and Mrs. K. ' B. Hutchings, ofLexington. On Christmas morningtheir parcel opening will be observedimmediately after breakfast, as wasobserved during the lifetime of Mrs.Taylor.The Christinas holidays wereushered into Millersburg by a beautiful home wedding Wednesday atfour n. m. at the home of Mr. andMrs. J. A. Butler, when their daughter, Miss Lucretia Butler, was unitedin marriage to Rev. Albert SidneyVenable, of Chase City, Va. Thebeautiful country home was tastefully and artistically decorated withcut flowers and potted plants, thespacious drawing rooms were darkened and the soft rays of light fromwax tapers and candelabras kissedthe lovely bride as she entered theroom. A small company of relativesand immediate friends were present.Prior to the wedding the guests wereentertained by Miss Mildred Bruce intwo vocal numbers which were beautifully and artistically rendered.Miss Bruce was at her best and sa.igwith (much feeling and delicatesweetness the "Gipsey Song," followed by "O. Promise Me." At the appointed time, with Mrs. Priest Kemper, sister of the bride, at the piano,the soft strains of the bridal chorusfrom Lohengrin werev heard as thebridal party entered in the following order: The little flower girls,Misses Elizabeth Mclntyre and SarahMarshall, followed by the bride, MissLucia Butler, dressed in 'a 'browntraveling suit, trimmed in seal, withhat, shoes and gloves to hiatch, onthe arm of her sister, the maid ofhonor, Miss MacLona Butler, whowas handsomely gowned in v blackvelvet.' The bride carried Opheliaroses. Then came the groom, Rev.Albert Sidney Venable, on the arm ofhis best man, Mr. William Alexandar, of Louisville. They formed apretty group in the drawing roomwhere they were met by the officiating minister, Rev. A. S. Venable,President of Sayre College, of Lexinsrton. father of the groom, who inthe beautiful and impressive ceremony made them one for life.Mrs. Kemper, who presided at thepiano, was beautifully attired in ahandsome blue pan velvet, .while MissBruce was attired in Tilue serge withcrepe-de-chine. After the ceremonywas over and congratulations hadgone the rounds Rev. and Mrs. Venable left for Lexington, where theyvo,oT.dftri the- c. &. O. train for Rich.-intond, Va., where they will remainfor a few days before going to theirhome at Chase City. ,Miss Butler is one oi um iuudi,popular and attractive young ladies,the second daughter of Mr. and Mrs.J A. Butler, prominent in bothchurch and social circles. She Is agraduate of the M. F. C. and' an. accomplished vocalist, with a large relationship in Central and NorthernKentucky. She is a direct descendantof the old Miller family, the founders of Millersburg. Rev. Venable isa promising young clergyman of thePresbyterian church, 'a. son of Rev.and Mrs. A. 8. Venable, Sr., his father, formerly pastor of the Presbyterian church of Millesburg, nowPresident of Sayre College, Lexington. Rev. Venable, Jr., graduated intheology in June, 1918, and accepteda charge soon after as pastor of thePresbyterian church at Chase Cty,Va., his native State. He came toMillersburg with his parents aboutsix years ago from Texas. At thattime he a,nd his wife were but chil-rdren. They attended Sunday schooltogether. Their friendship beganearly in life and long before either ofthem were through college each realized that their hearts had beenpierced by Cupid's shaft of love.They are a happy pair of brilliantyoung people, blest with many talents, with a bright future beforethem.They were the recipients of manyuseful and handsome presents and asthey left Millersburg 'for their newVirginia home they were attended byshowers of congratulations and goodwishes. The following is a partiallist of the out-of-town relatives andfriends: Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable, Sr., Mr. and Mrs. Harry Ren-ick, and daughter, Miss Frances Renick, Miss Marion Barnett, of Lexington, Ky., Mrs. Price, Farmersville,Va., Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Hook andson, Stephen Hook, Mr. Thomas Robertson and daughter, Augusta, Mrs.G. C. Watkins,, of Irvine, Mr. andMrs. Priest Kemper, of Owensboro.CHA3MBEBLAIFS TABLETS.When you are troubled with indigestion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe " stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indigestion is Usually accompanied byconstipation and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentlemovement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition.IT'S A MISTAKEMade By Many Paris Residents.Many people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney backache, rolyon plasters, liniments and othermake-shifts. The right treatment iskidney treatment and a remarkablyrecommended kidney- medicine isDoan's Kidney Pills. Paris is no exception. The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typical of the work of Doan's KidneyPills in Paris. 'Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I haVe hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant, dullache in my back, and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed as though I couldhardly endure the misery. I tried different remedies to no avail until Igot hold of Doan's Kidney Pills, procuring them from Ardery Drug Co.The first box helped me and I continued taking them until cured. Attacks since then have always beenslight, and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilbunCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)fe feGOOD E00D TOR SOLDIERS ANDSAILORS.ARMY DISCHARGES WILL TOTAL50,000 MONTHLY.Demobilization plans of the WarDepartment were outlined Wednesday by Brigadier General Lord, ofthe Quartermaster Corps, who appeared at a' bearing of the house appropriation sub-committee which isseeking to determine wliat part ofwar appropriations may be returnedto the Treasury as a result of the endof the war.Discharges are already being issued, General Lord said, and in December it is expected to release about150,000 men. This number will beincreased 50,000 or 100,000 monthlyuntil in June, the last monthly untilin June, the last (month of the current fiscal year, when it will reach550,000, the witness said.General Lord estimated a saving ofat least $2,500,000 of the twelvebillion of dollars appropriated forthe Quartermaster's Corps. His estimates, he said, were hurriedly prepared, and a greater saving may bedetermined later after a more thorough examination.FES Ifc BHFrench women of Suresnes have"adopted" many graves of Americansoldiers and make them their especial care.At the request of the Secretary ofWar and the Secretary of the Navythe Department of Agriculture hasparticipated in protecting Americanmilitary and naval forces against unwholesome food, says the Secretary ofAgriculture in his annual report.The Federal meat inspection, whichfor years has safeguarded the civilpopulation of the United States frombad meat in interstate commerce,was extended to include the specialsupervision of the meat supply of theAjmerican Army and Navy. The examination, selection. and handling ofmeats and fats are in expert handsfrom the time the live animals aredriven to slaughter until the finishedproduct is delivered in good conditionto the mess cooks: Inspectors wereassigned to the various cantonments,training camps, forts, posts and otherplaces in the United States wherelarge numbers of troops are assembled, and at the close of the fiscal yearthere were 69 such experts with theArmy and 30 with the Navy.S3 fe isaWe (must keep our army equippedand ready to enforce 'peace terms.Continue to lend Uncle Sam yourmoney buy W. S. S. continually.trr -Christmas Aetna-AiibG I cISSGS Combination PoliciesProtect AgainstBuy useful gifts give father andmother a pair of reading glasses' forChristmas.They can have their eyes testedlater if necessary. We can sunnlvyou with Lorgnette, Ear-chains, Automatic Eye-glass cheins, Eye-glasscases, Auto Glasses. Snow Glasses, allof which would made useful and appropriate gifts. Give us a call.Second Floor First National BankBuilding.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris. Ky.FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTJORR WHITE fcCO;LOUISVILLE, KY.;EttblUkedi1837Utoral assortmentand lull valua paMfforFURSi ansrafl(till-jan24-F)iiiiininiiint4iiiititinnititiHtaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiFaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHThe J. T. Hinton Co. 1UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36T ttt" uay pnone Jt vTRTIS KV Nlxht : ..56-t CtX O XJ or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with aur JLimousine invalid uoacn.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. 'J1 V 1 u-"7 ? ' 1iyflBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakttl I Hi 1HIIHHMIIIMIWJl3M9fiNSiiius MorefftfnEL f i iLJrwH II MIlsiMl ti Mmke friends' I A 4 .ffe m,MV!$aaaK5EalE2ScflBMBE0ff53tS292BV I " " xc Baa7aBgfr To Shop HereThis store has always been the store to have what you want, and when yougive Furniture you give something that pleases the family, as all can enjoya nice Rocker, Rug, Bed, Dresser, Stove or Range.oizYOUR DINING ROOMSHOULD BE IN ORDER!We would like for you to look here foranything you will need in your dining room.Chairs BuffetTables ,, Rugor China ClosetjTft . f J V " ft-Try Trading, at Wheeler'sYou Will Like It !0 "IB I,m nnnt Mi h ramn Iflltf IM? lU-S&fclAi J fVaaaaaV0 n7siLr Jr Ir S k'NaaaaaamsJMPGSiSiii 'UJaaaKkr ffcMf 1 ' jLaaaaaaaa r" " !,- t ' Jjfj ISSaSw5jaaaaaSHaP $t355v4iSV?aaKaaal Hm ,&f7&72r". S5 4 a ""I aaaVaaP ll aaaBw Bari. fc42jlW ' 9 U s-xd1 I r. tta iA. F. WWeeler FdHStfftCttCorner Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpfMtltt Caurt HauaaJ)1,...,,I,mrf-.r1;trTrr'ir" i m -i r i ttttmxbatymiflTimiM 'WlWWII3; f-THE BOUEBON HEWS, PABIS, KEimTCKYkFRIDAY, D&CdJtfBER 26, ISISPAGE EIGKTvlflltfyfliflifflfttiiiittLifflnim i anilM BHH ' HHiHlaBlp JLBll M CORNER SIXTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY.T FORTHE J. T. HINTON C 0. .ihvmxns.Krr.vmv. -t--"mIgo1 TOgt .r1!l.fr :3 'See Our Rugs For Real ValuesWe can save you money' on Rugs . and they make nicepresents. "BISSELLVacuum and CarpetSweepersare ideal presents for thehousewife and are of greathelp.LETPuritanPhonographsand Recordsmake music in your homeThis ChristmasThey cost less and . arebetter. You can paypart.We are Showing Writing Desksof All Kinds in Great Profusion!We have them in all styles and prices and, they are. very desirable as presents.Brass Bedsare not only very useful, butvery ornamental. Maybeone of our pretty low pricedones is just what you wantfor some one's Christmaspresent.Mattress JX gELECTROLIERS!We have just opened a very beautiful assortment of Elec-'1troliers, and the prices are most reasonable. They make appreciated presents. We are also showing a few Gas Lamps.PUT ASIDE YOUR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS NOW. WEDELIVER WHEN YOU WISH,GET HIM AChifforobe, Smoking Stand. Humidor, Morris Chair, EasyRocker, Office Chair, Office Desk, Electrolier, Filing Cabinet.' We have just received a. c'ar load of the wonderfulKalfex FibreUphoIsteredFurniturevCcme and see it. Youcan't beat these for presents. CHILDREN'SROCKERS!' a'MI -Iflr l:tiV3to111Join Our Christmas McDougall Cabinet ClubSI. 00 RPnds a McDOTTOALL as a Chrismas present. Thebest Kitchen Cabinet in the world. Have yours put aside now.LOOK HERE !Davenports Rockers, Go-Carts, Buffets, Serving Tables,Tables, Dining Tables, Dining Chairs, Refrigerators,Writing Desks, Pictures, Mirrors,. Blankets, Comforts,- OfficeChairs. ,NOTHING MAKES A PRETTIER PRESENT THAN A DESIRABLE PICTURE. WC HAVE JUST OPENED SOMETHAT ARE BEAUTIFUL.Dressers, Dressing Tables,Wood Beds, Iron Beds, Cribs,Shirt Waist Boxes, Jardiniers,Pedestals, Desks, Rugs.Globe - WernickeSectionalBook CasesPLEASE EVERYBODYmi 9111 i "i BTHE J.T. HINTON CO.Corner Sixth and Main StreetsBoth Telphones No. 36PARIS. KENTUCKYZfQgQBlDEATHS.,i iSIDENER.tilThe body of George WilliamSidener, aged fifteen, who died in St.Josjieh's Hospital, in Lexington,Monday night, . following' an operation:, was brought to Paris, Tuesday,for interment.The funeral was held WednesdaySiiSrnoon at two o'clock, with serirffviH conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,paifor of the Paris Christian church,ouflg Sidener was a son of Mr.and. Mrs-. George E. Sidener, who reside near Old Union,near the Bour-"b'oiL-andFayette county line. Hs issurvived i by his parents, three sistens, Misses: Anna Belle, Effie andMargaret Sidener and one brother,Charles SIdeaer.HENNEGAN.PThe body of Herman Hennegan,-ged eighteen, who died at the Mas--sLftMemorial" Hospital, in Paris,Monday night, after a- protracted illness, duetoRrTght's disease, wastaken in a- special interurban car,Tuesday; to Nicholasville, where theiun&rai and burial took place Wed-Young Hennegan was a son of Mr.Prank Hennegan, an employe of theBlue Grass-Traction Company, residing at Nicholasville, and a nephew of-:Mr. Wm. Hennegan, and a cousin ofMis? .Catherine Hatcher and Mrs. J.12. Cohorn, all of Paris.1 ;: . y GRAVITT."".-Lmift funeral of Mrs. .Mattie Lou-1 Gravitte, aged about thirty, vhodied near Hutcnison, aiter a yiutracLed illness of influenza and tuberculosis, was held Wednesday afternoon at two o'clock, with servifcek conducted at the grave in thePaHs- Cemetery by Rev. J. J. Dickey,of : Hutchison Chapel, and Rev. W. E.EIUk, of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers were JttoDeri vieteer, George Link, Lon Ginn, Dr. J.Thrown, Thos. Little and Victor'Mrs. Gravitt was the wife of Mr.OSslan Gravitt, of near Hutchison,and a daughter of Mr. Jesse Smith, oftbu county. She is survivea, do"gidee ner husband, by two sisters,Mlafe Ellie Smith, of the county, Mrs.M. M. Welsh, of Carrolton, and oneVrother, Mr. Jsse Smith, of Bouron county.of Carlisle, and two half-sisters, Mrs.Edith Dale, of "Moorefield, and Mrs.Julia Crump, of Carlisle.The funeral was held Tuesday' afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conduted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. Geo. R.Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.BURNS.-1-Tke body of Mr. Robert Burns, !ageji thirty-two, who was killed accidentally at Corbln, was brought toParte, Monday night, and taken tothe home on Paniah aMMie.He is survived or ki -widow, Mrs.Ia.se' Burns, and Ave daughters,Mfcrees Pansy, Lillian, Mary, Juneand Anna Burns, his mother,Mrs. Flora Burns; a naif-brother,Kn Julian Burns, of Carlisle;twfl sisters, Mrs. Nora Mackey, orMfivnssiPfi, and Mrs. Louise RoWrts,BLANTON.Mr. Joseph Irvine Blanton, formerly a"" well-known member of theBourbon county bar, and one of Ihebest-posted legal lights in CentralKentucky, died at the Pattie H. ClayInfinmary, in Richmond, Monlaymorning at three o'clock, from a complication of diseases.Mr. Blanton was fifty-three ysarsold, and before disease had fastenedon him had a large practice at Cynthiana, from which ill-health forcedhim to retire. He came to Paris andfor a long time was in the law- officeof his brother-in-law, Hon. EmmettM. Dickson. He was an agreeableand intelligent man, and an entertaining conversationalist, with manyfriends throughout the county, whoregret to learn of his parsing away.He was the eldest son of the lateRev. L. H. and Elizabeth Irvine Blanton, and was born in Danville onApril 21, 1860. His parents movingto Paris he becapne a resident of thiscity while very young and lived heremost of his life. He was a graduateof the Edgar Institute in this city,later of Centre College, at Danvilje,then at Hampden-Sydney College, inVirginia, and of the University ofVirginia Law School. He was abrother of Mrs. Emmett M. DicksGn,of Paris, and Dr. Harry M. Blanton,of Richmond.The interment took place in theRichmond Cemetery. Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock from the residence of Dr. Harry M. Blanton.When Mr. Blanton graduatedfrom his law school he was a partnerof the late Judge J. Qunicy Ward inthe practice of law. After JudgeWard went on the bench as Judge ofthe Sunerior Court. Mr. Blantonpracticed alone for some time, andthen formed a partnership withBailey D. Berry, under the firm nameof Blanton & Berry.Mr. Blanton is survived by hiswife, who was before her marriageMiss Sallie McDowell, of Richmond:two daughters, Elizabeth and Mary,both married and residing in Virginia; and one son, Lindsay H. Blanton, also of Virginia. Two sistersalso survive, Mrs. Katie Head, ofRichmond, and Mrs. Emmett M.Dickson, of Paris, and two brothers;Dr. Harry M. Blanton and EdgarBlanton, both of Richmond.1 m istCROWDED OVER.On account of the pressure of holiday advertising on our space a largeamount of really good news matter,both local and general, has been unavoidably crowded over - to anotherissue. This has happened now fortwo consecutive issues and cannot behelped. We believe our readers villappreciate the situation and be patient with us. Other papers throughCentral Kentucky are in the samewagon, and racing through the holiday season makes good going for theadvertisers. -,.T & fe IS I tREAL ESTATE DEALS. -Yesterday afternoon AuctioneerSpeakes sold for W. A. Wallace theproperty on Duncan avenue, ownedby Mrs. A. P. Allis, and occupied byMr. George H. Preston and familyfor 55,000, Mr. James McClure bengthe purchaser. Mr. Preston will continue to occupy the home.1 mfTOYS, TOYS.See our window display ofToys and all kinds of ToyFurniture, Dolls, Waiters,etc., for the children. Allreasonably priced.E., M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel BuildingTHE PLACE TO BUY CHRISTMASGOODIES.Box and bulk candies, fruits,dates, raisins, nuts, etc. Everythinggood for the children. Candies 30cto $1.00. Nuts 40c pound, orangesand fruits reasonably priced. Let mefill your order, and I will save ifoumoney. v(x) GRANT OWSLEY15a fe EsMATRIMONIAL...CARROLL ESTES.The marriage of Mr. Orrin E&tes,of Clintonville, this county, to MissLydia M Carroll, of Clark county,took place at the Seelbach Hotel, inLouisville, Wednesday. The groomis. a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Estes,of Clintonville, where he is engagedin farming. His bride is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. X B. Carroll" ofClark county.OPEN OF NIGHTS.Our store will be open, ofnights until after Christmasfor the benefit of our customers. -X A. r. WIlC.ILL.ILtV 0C ,J.te teLARGEST STOCK IN PARIS SENSIBLE AND SUBSTANTIALCHRISTMAS GIFTS.Open Evenings Till After Christmas-LARGESTOfHOLIDAY SHOESandSLIPPERSA most complete steck of BEAUTIFUL SLIPPERS of aftdescriptions Fashionable, highest quality Dress Shoes;;also servicable Work Shoes, High Tops and Rubbers.At SpecialBargain PricesFor Holiday Shoppersy77H 1 i 1 11 . i mi i i fcVisit our store and you willbe convinced that is thebest money-saving place inDependableFootwear!f 111 W u11 11 II 11 1i Mr rflj A (AYtrl illy " ftp f-weDon't buy trash for presents. 'Letus sell you a Stove, Range, Buggy,Harness, Shot Gun, Rifle, FlashLight, Buggy Robe or something 4 hatcan.be used. Our stock is somethingenorpious and by buying in car-loadlots are able to sell you good goodsat a lower price than the fellow ijyhobuys-in small' Quantities. "I l FARMERS SUPPLY. GO.Ladies Dark Gray boots, best custom makesLadies' Havana Brown EnglishBoots, calf tops. . . iLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Gun Metal, buttonand lace, low heel, at ,Misses' Gun Metal, buttonat -. :$5.95$5.00$3.49$2.49$1.99Men's Dark Tan English WalkOver and other famous makes.Men's Tan English, Best Ma"kes,at$5.50$4.50Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over, o iAEnglish '. :.$0.4SJMen's and Boys' E. J.. Best Wear- o Qing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $utVBoys' Tan Army Shoes jo a qDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis5 Greatest Shoe Store.-, -V. .Xvfcr&:.$Sf1A.-,..4 ''' -...s- -