fv,x,li o i e s"Tj?vXPUBLISHED EVERY x TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1918x ......BOURBONTHEmm C WW 21 tRrSsW W mm ? ;-?-sllX.THIRD LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGNIN BOURBON.With very little smacking of display, excepting the town placardedwith cards bearing the message tothe people of the importance of theThird Liberty Loan, the drive beganin Paris Saturday morning with avim that presaged victory for theend of the week, and the "goingover the top" for the county at theclose of the campaign.Offices were opened early Saturdaymorning in the Broadway streetroom of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, and from that time onthe room was a scene of unwonted activity. Under the leadership of MioSKate Alexander, Chairman for Bourbon County, of the Woman's Committee of the Third Liberty Loan, atotal of over $100,000 was securedduring the day toward making upBourbon county's allotment of $380,150 in the big National drive. EveryCALL ISSUED FOR MEN IN SECOND DRAFTOrders for the mobilization of thefirst large number pi men for thsecond draft have been sent out to theGovernors of the various State-.That Bourbon county's quota in thefirst increment of the second draftcall, due to report for training atCamp Zachary Taylor by May 1, will'be 23 out of the State's allotment,"of-3,456, was the information conveyed in dispatches from Frankfortyesterday, giving the' quotas for eacbcounty.These quotas, given- out from theoffice of the State Adjutant-General,at Frankfort, give Bourbon county atotal for the draft of twenty-threemen. The men will being moving toCamp Zachary Taylor about April 26,and the last of all contingents is expected to arrive at the camp by May1st.A dispatch from Frankfort, published in the Lexington dailies ofcollar of the amount was signed tor.g d the total needed fromni-A mrtof nf ir TTrill rt TIP 1(1 1T1 Msrt I " . .and most of it will be paid in cahat the local banks. The subscriptionswere received in amounts varyingfrom $50 to $30,000, there being several individual subscriptions received in amounts of $5,000 and $10,000each. 'In the work to boost the campaign,v.hich will be continued all throughthis week. Miss Alexander is beinga&ly assisted by the following ladiesin. their respective districts: NorthMjddletown, Mrs. John T. Collins andMrs. Allie Dickerson; Millersburg,Mrs. Sanford M. Allen; Clintonville,Mrs. Luther Rice; Shawhan, Mrs.George Current and Mrs. Endicott,while Paris precincts furnished ascore or more of willing workers.Reports from all parts of the county yesterday indicated that the enthusiasm over the prospects for thesuccess of the Third Liberty Loaiwas far greater than that of Satuiday, and that a large number of volunteers, ,whorhad not hitherto takdnan active part in the preceding campaigns, had come to the front in anearnest effort to make Bourbon winan Honor Flag long before the closeof the campaign next Saturday.One of the solicitors -was approached Saturday by a middle-aged coloredBourbon county as four. This number, however, was that of the quotaof volunteers from men in Class A-l,-who would be accepted before April12 for special service as skilled autodrivers and mechanics. 'Members of the local Board of Exemption had received no definite information yesterday as to arrangements for calling the nien neededinto the service. It had been previously announced that the men willbe drawn in gradually, and in assmall numbers as possible so as notto disturb industry, and particularlyagriculture. So far as possible thisplan, it was indicated yesterday, willbe the one to be followed. The immediate need of increasing the American, forces in France, however, tomeet the German drive in the Westis likely to result in calling the menin faster than at first supposed.The quotas froni the1 Central Kentucky towns, as given out yesterday,are as follows: Bath, 16; Bourbon,23; Clark, 21; Fayette, 17; Fleming,20; Fra-nklin, 21; Harrison, 18; Mason, 22; Montgomery,-15; Nicholas,12; Scott, 20; Woodford, 15.The movement of colored drafteesI will begin on April 26, taking thefollowing quota from Central Keni tn nkv counties: Bourbon. 15; Clark,woman, who said: "Missus, I wants g. prankiin i; Nicholas, 6; Woodto take one ob dem Lib'ty Bonds, so. fn'rd 5jPAJROIJtEN ASSIGNED TO CON- REV. WILKINSON TO, SPEAK AT HEY, YOU' YOUSEMHST rm'r TROL STREET THATTRTfl T.TCCVRTV tm-asc MT?T7rrKrr!. x v u Jli JUJ ? Gil JKMtIN THE SERVICE OE THEIRCOUNTRY.LIBERTY MASS MEETING-WURK NOW!The authorities in Paris hav-lln order to .prevent the usual con-' Tne committee having in charge?"" OIram& on Mam street, an'l "uBquui uie Dig mass meet- ed warnjngS to all loafp i!:fir eV nmS movmB alon8. especi-is ro oe nem atxne court nouse m and otherwise, that they mustwXi;aly automobiles, Chief of Police lhis Clty' OIL next Saturday afternoon, work and 'k : " &Lieut Lawrence Lavin who is ata-P?? with the aPPrl and sanction J the interest of tha Third Liberty Fix. hours each we?k or the 3mSherman, near Chillecothe, come to & SSm1ltJeS of he ity "-'SSkPritf?; prmcipal thorities for an "adjustment "tfhXto-o ciLaw o fi'u ...I 'nas. formulated a plan by which the speaker of the afternoon. 1 . inyttrar. WrtW iM Jl "his narente Mr m If x. I ?atrlmen will be assigned to certain.. ?aris people will recall with de- M "1 b TVSf i.iignt tne wonderiui speech aeJiverea tjht i. 1 1 y .by Br. Wilkinson in the court house tJmth9""'in the "other drive for the Liberty ?L7kI V ? l- wG r?cent,torLoan. And they will recall with ??le ,XAh!L!Sislature s ?ntorand Mrs. M.Lavin rrrxs Qn Saturdays, courtdays andSerkt. Newsum Keller, who hasi$?ir days when there is an unusualhoan I'll witli malarial fnvAr o Pnn -".u UU LUC btreetS.Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., waydat dis wufless nigger I marr'ed can'tT.ever git my fifty dollars agsjin.I'se wiihked hard fer de money, putef Uncle Sam needs it he kiiTf 0tshore." And she turned over p, wadof fives to the astounded ypung woI IBS Ift-EELD'S EINE SPKING'FOOTWEAR.VARIETY TO SELECT EROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentnf Snritier footwear' and a ereatrsan, who gave her the Liberty Bond variety to select from.and sent her on her way rejqicing. (26-tf) FELD.'S SHOE STORE.tfLet Us CeaseTalkingBusiness1There is something more important, more .vital before us it is .FUTURE-it is LIFE it isLIBERTY, wv.The Government is calling;Humanity is calling;Our Future and Our Children are calling;HELP! HELP! HELP!WeThird Liberty Loan!"Buy a BOND" Buy a $50,$100, a $1,000 or a $10,00.0.BONDaAs'irivestmefnt is"fli6 fcest thing in the' world, itMs ,3 dutjrij.isj .privilege,, and it ts good business.BUY A BOND'At 4i -S"?'-is"brought to the home of his parentsDr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller, in Paris,several days ago. Sergt. Keller is amember of xCo. B., '113th Battalion,U. S. Signal Corps, and is one of themost popular officials in that division.His many friends here hope his recovery may be swift and permanent.Capt. Neville Fisher, formerly ofParis, now stationed at Camp Funston, Kansas, in the army service, wasa visitor in Paris, Friday and, Saturday, as a guest of his mother, Mrs.W. H. Fisher, and other relatives.Capt. Fisher was given a warm welcome by the old friends" he made during his residence in Paris. He is inexcellent health and looks every incha soldier. He will visit relatives inGeorgetown and other Central Kentucky towns before returning toCmp Funston.Mr. Drake Thompson, Jr., son ofMr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, ofParis, who has been accepted for service in the U. S. Navy, received telegraphic orders Sunday to report toLouisville. Mr. Thompson left yesterday morning for Louisville, fromwhere he will be transferred to oneof the naval training stations.The 326th and327th Field Artillery from Camp Zachary Taylor,;nave oeen onaKing some excellentrecords in the target practice on therange at West Point, Ky. Sergt. 1Herman Barlow, of Paris, Chief ofthe First Section for the 326th FieldArtillery, was in charge of the firstguns fired. Among -his assistantswho aided in the firing of the bigguns were privates Huddleston, Wil-;son and Cooper, all of Paris. The,gunners quickly found the range anddestroyed the targets, which wereplaced on a hill two miles away.The Paris boys were highly complimented by their officers for their excellent markmanship. rCornelius (Buddy) James, who hasbeen spending a five-day furlough ir?-Paris with his mother, Mrs. 'MollieJjames, and family, left Sunday!morning to rejoin his shipmates onthe U. S. transport Covington "in artAtlantic port." BUjddy has had sonnytered into -the spirit of the occasion..L -Uie purpose of the new regulations is to control the street traffic,wiiBwauy automoDues. Automobile. " ,- ? " . e(j oq ffiVen work for th ritv nr ti-'owners are expected to pull theirears and how his appeals brought forth cou Hy Aow m indiStiS?close to the curbing and no car will dollars from sources hitherto consid- JJS " JilflJL TL"1 1Itlojlbe permitted to remain on Main ed inaccessible. It goes without " """ XIX"! 2?, ?Zsaying that the distinguished divinewill be greeted by a larger audiencethan, before, if that be possible, hisstreet for a period loncer than thirtv! minutes. The new regulation is akfollows:"It having been recommended andapproved by the Mayor and the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, thefollowing rules regarding regulation of traffic on the streets of Parison .Saturdays, court days, holidaysand all other busy days, are herebyadopted and to take effect at once:'That the two night police reportto -work on the above-mentioneddays, beginning Saturday, April 6, at1:30, p. m., at-places as follows: Patrolman Geo. M. Hill, Eighth toSeventh street; Patrolman RobertLusk, Seventh to Sixth street; Patrolman George W. Judy, Sixth toFifth street; two night patrolmen tostay at said places to sixare being watched and will be arre-couraged, but if not they will bagiven the limit.Take this as a tip, and get -wor,kestablished hereHIGH POINTS OF WAR TQTOLD HERE.BEfmA snonw Jiavin Wn fliv of some kind before the hand of. theers throughout the county need help,and your services are needed. It mat-l ters not what your profession is, youI will be offered a job. So you had bet-The high points of several months' te. accept it and be able to reportbehind the firing line in France will satisfactorily or you will be compellbe told at the Paris Grand Opera cd to work at something that will notHouse on Thursday night by Mrs. bemq"lte1 so mu?.h J0""1?,?:.Ida McGlone Gibson, famous Ameri-I This is a critical time in the hut-.can authoress and newspaper corna- " l'nl !" """V;ponaent. Mrs. trioson comes nere under the auspices of the Red Cross So-j ciety.Mrs. Gibson's recital of her experiences are timely, especially since she,State and the whole Nation. Laboris hard to get, and is soe lines; almost impossible. It has come to paa;now that a laboring man is regardedas being more than a mere machinec4. ., t, 'e : t w i and his services are in demanj.siay at said places to six p. m., re- ?v"- ulut 1 A auw; irvprv man who i at work is hftliturning to their regular nlaces when Amiens, the present objective of -Every man wno is at wonc is iieiisKi?5 il"?I5 "t?r-?5ei.Yr55 the CTe.t Hn offPnSivP ri in na- the country, and everyone who i not..the day patrolmen will go to sunner.jfay patrolmen working after supperuntil eleven o'clock."On these respective dates trafficis to be kept open on Main street, (particular attention being called tcall vehicles keeping on right side orstreet close to the curbing. Also,when a patrolman is called to leavehis block he shall inform the onenext to him so that he may be ableto take care of his place until he returns."SECOND IN CONTEST WITH-6.400 LIFE INSURANCE MENMr. R. F. Clendenin has receivedthe following letter from the General Agent of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., of which heis Assistant General Agent. Mr. Clendenin has been in this contest with,the 6,400 agents in the United Statesfor the past ten months. The contest closes on June 1st. Mr. Clendenin feels that although the race Ivery interesting experiences IbMTnolIa-?? oneand is close thathejvillSam's service, and Telated them tointerested listeners in a truly "sailorman" fashion. On one of his tripoverseas Owen Fisher, of Paris, waon board, while at another time another Paris soldier, Lawrence Kellis,greeted him en route to "somewherein France."Hugh Campbell, of Paris, has beenpromoted from Second Lieutenant tothe rank of First Lieutenant. Lieut.Campbell is stationed in the Quartermaster's Department, in the immenseGovernment supply depot at Jeffersonville, Indiana. While in Paris hewas in the employ of the Power Grq-cery Company, and later with thofirm of E. F. Spears & Son. Lieut.Campbells many friends here arejglad to hear of his advancement inthe service.fca Sa leaPUBLIC UTILITIES.-;iTake PartJbf Your Change inTHRIFT STAMPS'M?. '-3Kz.-nrTHIS, SPACE DONATED BYFRANK:'! r','.: -jiw --rL4&X01v'txVThe President, the Secretary of theTreasury and the Comptroller of thCurrency have written on the situation of what are commonly calledpublic utility companies the prvately owned corporations that supply almost all American towns andcities with local transportation, ga;and electric light power. Their income is limited hy ordinances whichfix the prices at which their productsare sold. Rapidly mounting costs ofoperation have brought many of themuncomfortably near to bankruptcy.The officers of the Governmentmentioned above have declared thegreat importance -to the nation ofthese public utility companies andurge State and local authorities, asthe President expresses it, "to respond promptly to the necessities ofthe situation'' which means tol raise rates.,Of course no such urging shouldhave been necessary. The situationhas been well kn6wn for at least ayear, and has been growing worseA good many States arid local authorities have onet it; but a goodmany others have not.As with ,the .railroads the wholecase of private . versus governmentownership is involved. If the.Amencan experiment of. mrfcate ownership.and public regulation'Clails becauseregulating bodies haVenot the courage to. face criticism or because thejare animated by hostility .to capitalthe only alternative is government?ownership-r-to rthe- great satisfaction'Of- Tammany Hall and very like, organization. The experiment willJfail:unless, on ,the whole, regulating.bodies discover a more courageouaand liberal temper. Saturday evening Post. (advr),EIRE AT TJflTCASTER DOES $14.- 000 DAMAGE.Fire that originated in a barn dJHatroyed the storeroom at Lancasterowned by A. E.r-Ed wards and occupied by Joe. Skinner and" Morris Ellis.Edwards' loss is between 3,000 and$4,000 ;that.f Skimaer is ahout 7;500, andJhivofini8,,ii-bQut?S;-be able to lead? the entire agencyforce of this great company at th--close of the contest:"Mr. R. F. Clendenin, f"Associate General Agent, -"Paris,Kentucky,"Dear Sir: Out of 5,400 agentsfor the Northwestern in the UnitedStates you stand second in the number of men insured for the past teimonths, a most remarkable record,and the Kentucky Agency is proud ofthe work you have been doing notonly for the past ten months, butsince you became a member of theoiganization."If you write the 'largest numberof men for the entire agency year,which ends June 1, 1918, you willbring home the silver losing cupoffered by the Agency Associationand be President of Marathon Clubof the Company. This Club is composed of men who write one-hundredor more men for the twelve monthsand an honor this Agency wants towin. Therefore, from now untilJune 1, I trust you will continue tcsend in enough applications to leadthe Northwestern Agency Force mthe United States."With best wishes, I am,"Sincerely yours,. , CD. -RODMAN,General Agent.to te te-ATTENTION, FARMERS! ',You have very little time left inwh'ich to get seed corn. Tests 'haveshown that the 1917 corn inthis section is practically worthies?.The farmers of Western Kentuckyhave practically offered to sell suiplus seed corn, -which is guaranteed90 per cent, or better, at $5.25 peibushel, f. o. b. Hopkinsville. At thelowest estimate the farmers of Bourbon county will need .more than &necarload.COuntv Demonstrator L: C. Robbins and Mr. Johri T. Collins, of the'county,' have offered to taks the or-'ders of the Bourbon county farmers,and they urge that those in need ofseed corn leave their orders beforeSaturday,"April 13, with Mr.'John T.Collins, at the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank, in 'this city. Failure to' makeup, a" carload may mean no feeetf corn.This's' not an advertisement, butn attempt to awaken'you to a v6fserious' situation: The corn'can notbe bought unless sufficient orders arplaced, and no one gets -a sing-epenny out of the transaction. .AetnoVandsget your orders in, inyourow'ft'interest. ,'""paume. Perrone and Noyon, recently" stealing the resources that shouldcaptured by the forces of Hinden-i e usea to neip me iauuuuSmau.berg. In addition to this she has Lexington's campaign against menactually been in the trenches and easy liv.m& and vagrants 1 m genmade a careful study of conditions ral, is being prosecuted with greatthere. While in France she secured vigor. No ditmction is being madean interview with President Poin- between the comnion vagrant anacaire, of the- French Republic, and is the well-dressed crap-shooter orthe only woman who has yet sue- gambler, whose means of support areceeded in obtaining an interview, not visible.with Gen. Pershing, commander of Two Paris boys, have been caughrthe American forces. Her address at in the Lexington police dragnet, and:the Opera House, Thursday night, given to understand they must dowill be enhanced by a number of or "git." The first was Robert Cain,Mtprpontirnn vip.ws nf thfi niapps shf1 who was given a sentence ot sixtyw. jr w- -. -- t--' -, . ... -., mi.- -. mdays m tne worKnouse. xuis aoatence was suspended, conditioned upon Cain's promise to get work astole,ave Lexington. The second offenderwas Michael Guilfoyle, who Was gir-1 en a sentence 01 sixty uaya in wwAvill talk about.MILITARY STYLES.In young men's suits are popular.j. w tavtr , r.n workhousek jto 1 r y r These boys are neither better riovUNIVERSITY TO CLOSE ON ITSREGULAR pATE.Dr. Frank L. McVey, President ofthe University of Kentucky in a letter to the heads of departments ofthe -University stated that the Unixversity will continue until customaryclosing time in June instead of closing May 1 as was reported probableseveral weeks ago in State newspapers. Any statement on the subjectof an early closing unless authorizedby President McVey is not to be considered by University instructors orstudents.worse than some well-dressed ieilows aroundvParis to whom work, tea comparative stranger. . Play nofavorites! ,1 m . :PARIS RAILWAY SWKCgMLANJE1LES BANKRUPTCY PETITIONArch L. arcCabe, of Paris, a switchman in the South Paris yards of theLouisville & Nashville, filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy Saturday in the office of Charles N, Wiard.Clerk of the United States Court, atFrankfort. McCabe gave his assets vas ?497 and liabilities at $557.36WE KNOW HOWIKIsSPRINGSHOWINGOFiN1IIIMANHATTAN AND WILSONBROS FINE SHIRTSThe swellest and best known lines of shirts sold anFwhere to-day. Perfect fitting and roomy and full, not 1skimpy and close like other brands of shirts. Very swell :.:patterns in Silks, Madras, Cloth and Crepe effects, solidcolors in tans, greens, lavenders and pinks. Select yourpatterns now and get the pick of the lines.INJURED-IK J 1ftRKMAHERING.RECOV-After a Week's, stay at the BerejiHospital, where he was sent with abroken arm and "other serious injuries. R. C. Hooper, L. & N. brakernian, of this'cityhas heenbroufcht tohis home here to recuperate. -Hopper111KII39Spring Styles in all the new cblors and- shaped' -light ;weight soft hats in greens, pearls, olives and new shade 5J01 brown. -$2.00 to $10.00John B. Stetson HatsiThe Stetson Feature Hat at,$6.001w"I1thevSr jrris a very atylfsb kata little more conservative thanother Stetson styles, but you will find it a very becoming "jihat tiwear.as injuredin tf aectdent on ttie L,. ...JP, T 4- i.mm -. T Te W0V ' A t ?..!MITCHELL & BLAKEMQREivISpriif Styles ! NetiltUi SkitsI-i'541HeJdmtfh'-wMhbiifffitliiiilBfinhjia I'been fractured: . jHitelh ff c e? 5."rrt.-" '-r ?"$!- . v " - - -rv -"--Lnp-rTHE! BOURBON KBWS,rPARIS, KY.PAGE TWOTUESDAY, APRIL 9, ItlSMMMMMMij&r,r"r I""TFsIifI:fiJ 11 1 VJvHLi?!!IU H.ri,ifVfrrlTHE BOURBON NEWSVitablislied 188136 Years of Con-tinuouPublication:2afolished Every Tuesday and FridayLPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner., ,;Any erroneous reflection upon thekaracter, standing or reputation ofdJUkj person, firm or corporation which..Jwty appear in the columns of THEJ BOURBON NEWS will be gladly corcioted if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATES11Display Advertisements, ?1.00 perVtocli for first time; 50 cents per inch,MCh subsequent insertion.;.;- 'Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineiscu issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.- r Cards of thanks, calls on candl-- dates, obituaries and resolutions, and"-.similar matter, 10 cents per line., Special rates for large advertiseAtnents and yearly contracts.- VThe right of publisher is reservedv-to decline any advertisement or other'matter for publication., Announcements for political officesTmost invariably be accompanied by. the- cash.- r This paper has enlisted-tviththe government in the5cause of America for thevperiod of the war1 EDITORIAL MUSINGS.'.A'The Seed Corn Fanners.i" , The farmers who are selling seedj rcorn this year are not in a position t'jysatf that tbey are not making a good.fnvar profit. Seed corn at as high as5i0 a' bushel is a gold mine for thoseV whose crops matured in such shape-that they had plenty of good seel-cora to sell. Seed' corn should befirst class in yield. Let us suppose a- yield of 100 bushels to the acre from' . .which 50 bushels would be be worthy$ot use as seed. That, at $10 wouid--be $500 an acre, and the xemainder-sold for feeding purposes ,would be?75. A total or $575 an acre for corn-,WQUld be ?5,750 on ten acres. A man-t?tjan Taise 40 acres :tff corn, single-iandetf, it is estimated, and give it'good attention. "The man -who raised' 40 acres of seed corn in 1917 if onedid so and produced a good salable- --article made a fortune at the tail cC"the plow between May and -corn gath-. -ering time.?s Typically German.- The Federal Food Board's warning:-to American housekepers to look outfor jagged bits of glass in bread and. trolls throws a sidelight upon Germany's unique methods of warfare.There is no American, we feel sure," who would for a moment counten, an.ee a plan of spreading poison in.the food of German civilans and kill -a-ingGerman babies and women, butit is not at all surprising that theGermans have agents in the Unitedf States whose work includes an effort- o poison Americans without regard-to age or sex.The Germans damn themselves?, more the further they go. Theirprincipal plan of warfare is to cotn- mit atrocities entirely beyond thelan of civilized convention in war,i iaad not within the experience of sav-tge tribes.The latest effort will be defeated.early, although some deaths may oc1 cur as a result of it, and it will onlyi add to the civilized wprld's disgust vtxfall things German....,fc The Price of Ice.The advance in the price of beer isa matter about which the Americanpeople can afford to crack jokes. Beeris not a necessity. The advance inthe price of ice is by no means a mar-Cter for joking. It is a forerunner ot" hardships this summer and until theeod of the war. 'j, Last winter was not, as many per-tSftns suppose, .an ideal ice harvest'-winter in Kentucky. There was plenty-of cold weather, but during most ofit the snow was so deep that a team, & txmld not draw a load of ice on. awagon from the pond to xne iceIxrase. In some instances ice wa?stored' with slides, but income .the Iice houses were not filled and therural population will to an extentGte,re, with city residents the hardslps bf what promises to be virtuallyy$m. Ice famine, because of, lack ,cfammonia, and what surely will be ats&ramer of exceptional ice prices.Pttriotiim tad PotatoesrCke a.vei'age business man pastiMfcirty-flve, somewhat overfed, soft-jtPLMBcfed, in some cases blood press-are a bit high, 'pulling in when hocatches a fUH-length glimpse of him. ftfrf in tke nirror admits to himself'.Jb&,4n tke rahkshe would be a bur? ja patriot, and "wants todoomethihgto shortenHhe warand make i , morej tolerable while it" lasts. He does nohave to go far to find at least onechannel for the expression of his sentiments. He can combine with everyable-bodied man, woman and child toproduce more food. We have theland the shortage is in the ability,and , too often, the inclination, towork it.What It Means Nov.In the good old days, when everything was cheap, it meant nothing tohand out an "extra copy" of TH3NEWS to a subscriber, or to anyoneelse who happened to come along andask for one to "send away," etc.But, alas, how the times have changed, now! Likewise the price of printpaper, in fact, almost everything connected with the making of a newspaper. Many times THE NEWS hasgiven out "extra copies" to subscribers who claimed they had not received their paper, even after it hadbeen ascertained that the paper hadbeen put in the postoffice or delivered at the subscriber's residence.We hate to refuse these "little favors," but a stop must come sometime, and we are now talcing stepsto weed out the most persistent callers, and conserve our stock of printpaper, as well as to have enough papers on hand for needed purposes.We trust our friends will appreciateour position, and not put an unnecessary hardship upon us.Juvenile Stupidity.The sun is losing its heat in Pari",and does not shine nowadays (onfeeble old men) as it used to. Any ofthem will tell you so. The springsunshine isn't as bright and mellowas it used to be (to these feeble oldmen) and the sky is not half so bluenow as it was thirty years ago. Thebird songs are dull and monotonous(to these old grouches), the flowersare not half so fragrant (to these oldgrumblers) and the air is not nearso bracing and full of tang as it wasforty years ago (according to thesepatriarchs.) But it's strange thatthe youth of Paris do not seem to realize what they are missing, and noamount of grumbling and growlingand grouching by these old has-has-beenscan ever persuade themthat this isn't a good old earth, andthat the fishing will soon be fine, andthat the water at the old mill damwill soon be warm enough for bathing. Go to , you Mathuselahs;Weren't you boys once, oh, such along time ago, though?srfei fe-?A Pine Investment.In asking the people to invest inWar Savings and Thrift Stamps, theGovernment is not asking them tocontribute money. It is merely asking for the use of the money and J&willing to pay liberally for it. TheGovernment simply wishes to employyour money and pay you for its service, just as it would employ and payyou for your services. .You will get your money backwith interest compounded interestat the rate of four per cent, per annum. The stamps mature in fiveyears, but you can cash them "at anyi,mug jyji wiaii ueiore me aate ormaturity, and get interest at threeper cent.If you need the service of yourmoney before five years, the SavingsStamps ha,nded to the Postmaster wi'ilbe the letter of resignation and yonwilT get your money back, with additional payment for the time you hav?tima. yrmi ..;nT. tr n. i . ,permitted tiienr to use- ft. There is nHred tape, no bother, no uncertainty,no work. Tt is the simplest, the safest and the most satisfactory investment you can make.Clean TTpr and" Keep Clean.This paper wiTT have' much to saythis spring- about the above subject.There fs no reasTm wh-y we shouldnot have the cleanest town in theState, even if we- cannot Boast of thelargest. Every man, woman andchild in our town ought to respond tothe apprafe that are being- made tomake the town neat and" attractiv2and clean and sanitary. It is only asmall matter for each family to- cleanup its own premises, bat with everyfamily fir town doing this the wholetown wiir not only present am attractive appearance, but will be morehealthful as werr. Let everyone joinin this war against dirt, disease, rubbish, ugliness and indifference to thepublic good, and" whert the town is inthe condition it shouTd" be, let everyone help to keep it so. The town isin urgent need of cleansing and purifying after the long winter and thedampness of early spring, and all effort to this end will bring re ward, a:hundred fold. ."Make Home Attractive. ..If you want to keep your childrenaway from sin you can only do so XtymaKing tfteir home attractive. Ybacan preach sermons, advocate reforms and denounce wickedness andyet your children will be captivatedby the glittering saloons of sin, unless you make your home brighterthan any other place on earth tothem.. Gather all the charms youpossibly can into your house.' If yoi:can afford it, bring books and -picturesand cheerful entertainments tothe household. But above all, teachthose children not by half an hour,twice a year on the Sabbath day!but day after day teach them that religion is a great gladness, that, Itthrows chains of gold about the neck,that It takes -no spring from the foot,no llithness from the heart, no-snar-'her ways areand aff her,AShow a Public Spirit.Let the business men of Paris bejmblic-spirited, liberal, ready to enter into any scheme that gives fairpromise of being for the interest ofParis, and we will then be well upwith the progressive spirit of theage. But if our business men arecareless and indiffeient, willing totake pnly what comes, and not readyto reach out after more cusomers,then the city stands in the way of itsown interests, and outsiders will s"size it up and keep clear of it.He Got The Pin.A man who believes in the old saying, "See a pin and pick it up, and a1!that day you'll haive good lucksawa pin in front of the postoffice theother day. Bending down to get it.his hat tumbled off and rolled intothe gutter, his eyeglasses fell andbroke on the pavement, his suspenders gave way behind, he burst thebuttonhole on the back of his shirtcollar, and he all but lost his ncvfront teeth. He got the pin.The republic of Finland is havinga big time, even as big times go thesedays.Make Home Cappy.Make your homes happy. You goaround the house growling aboi:4:your rheumatism and acting thelugubrious and your sons will go intothe world and plunge into dissipation. They will have their own'rheumatism after awhile. Do notforestall their' misfortunes. -Youwere young once, and you had yourbright and joyous times. Now letthe young folks have a good time.THE APRIL AMERICAN MAGAZINE. The April American Magazineleads off with a great fiction storyby John Taintor Foote called "Otto."' Why I Cut Loose From Chicago"will be helpful to all small townpeople who think they would like togo to the big city and to those inthe cities who looic longingly atsmall towns.. "Pictures Burned inMy Memory" is the story of a Y. M.C. A. man who has just returnedfrom the front. Christian Girl, whois often considered to be an institution or a race horse, tells the storyof his great success; Irving Beachlerwrites of his experiences and views;and Nora Bayes has written the theatrical article for this number. Othergood things in the issue are storiesby Hugh Fullerton, Bertha Rich,Holworthy Hall, and Bruce Barton.,The Family Money, Interesting People's department, and contest announcement and results hold muchinterest and entertainment for readers. fca Ji leaIfIf I only had the money! Money,money, how hateful you are, but oh,hovr, I need to have you ! ElizabethHasanovitz, in the Atlantic.Von Herting wants to divide theLatin countries from the Anglo-Saxon,says French dailies, but there islittle chance.Let UsTake TheRiskHome Dry Cleaning is dangerousto you and your family..Results can not be as good as when'we do it.For quality and service phoneThe Electric DryCleaning Co.STfth Street, near Traction Office,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Phone 201, HomePhone 12.(apr2-2t)BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEAT -DEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.laughter, bHthat 'ways of pleasantnesspaths are peace' ,, Rhone 376iML- . m, STOM liTFT1 ZFJTOUpHEAJt;"Pane's Dianepsin" Pixes Sick, Sour.Upset Stomachs in PiveMinutes.You don't want a slow remedywhen your stomach is bad or an uncertain one or a harmful one yourstomach is too .valuable; you mustnot injure it with drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; .its. harmlessness; its certain, unfailing action inregulating sick, sour, gassy stomach-.Its quick relief in indigestion, dyspepsia and gastritis, when caused byacidity, has made it famous the woridover.Keep this wonderful stomach sweetener in your home keep it handyget a large fifty-cent case from anydrug store and then if anyone shouldeat something which doesn't agreewith them; if what they eat lays likelead, ferments and sours and formsgas; causes headache, dizziness andnausea; eructations of acid and undigested food remember as soon asFape's Diapepsin comes in contactwith the stomach.it helps to neutralize the excessive acidity, then all thestomach distress caused by it disappears. Its promptness, certainty andease in overcoming such stomach disorders is a revelation to those whotry it. (adv)Public SaleMiiles, Horses, Cattle,Farm Implements, &c.At Maple Lawn Farm, four milesfrom Paris, on the Jackstown pike,Tuesday, April 9, 1918beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m.Having sold my farm and am moving to town, I will sell the followingat auction:Mules. Horses and Ponies25 head 'of mules, including 18two-year-old mules;Two yearling mules;6 or 7 aged work mules;25 head of work and drivinghorses;Six ponies;One six-year-old gray mare, haifPercheron, broke and a good one;,One six-year-old sorrel, half Percheron mare, will weight 16 COpounds, strictly good;One three-year-old gelding, halfPercheron, good;One pair Percheron mares;One family horse, six j'ears old,good saddler, gentle for lady;One six-year-old family horse;One five-year-old registered combined gelding, 16 hands high;Carrie Cantrill chestnut mare byHighland Denmark, in foal to High'land Choice, a beautiful mare, registered ;One Bourbon Chief mare, in foalto Bourbon King, season paid;Balance good young horses, eightor ten of which I have registeredfrom four to six years old;Arabia seven-year-old registeredShetland mare pony, pet name, Beauty, gentle;Two yearling filly ponies, bred atElmendorf;One spotted four-year-old pony,very gentle:Two or three unbroken ponies.CattleEight fresh cows, some very choicein the lot;Five Aberdeen-Angus yearlingbulls, ready for service;Ten head of good steer calves;Eight or ten Jersey heifers;A few yearling cattle.Hoes;head otThirtyslioats;eighty-poundTwenty 110-pound shoats;Eight good sows and pigs, mostlyDurocs;Two registered Elmendorf Berkshire boars;One Duroc boar;One sow due to pig soon;Also lot of good chickens.Farm ImplementsOne Superior drill,, bought new laatfall;One Thomas drill, good as -new;Deering binder;Deering mower, bought last season; Land roller;Harrows;Breaking plows;Avery cultivators;Hay rake;Three goodStivers grass seed strippers ;Four farm wagons;Two spring wagons;Brake wagon;Three dump carts;Dump wagon;Hog boxes;Grass seed drill; 'New Moyer buggy;Several other buggies;New pony trap, with pole andshafts;One Brewster carriage,, other implements, &c;Four sets of new stripper 'harness;Three sets double harness;Pony harness;. Eigth or ten sets of plow gear;Six sets of wagon harness;Wheel barrow;Many other things too numerousto mention.Sale rain or shine and will startpromptly at 10 o'clock a. m.Come early, as we have lots of stuffto sell.WEsmm&AM. rmptJIwr, Icidit?TERMS-yMade inown on day ofHEPosition' as inancr p overseer offarm. Experiencaa'. Btit of reference. Applr at this office. (tf)Pool Room For Sale.Having decided to make a changein my business, I offer for sale privately jmy Pool Room. This is a goodpaying business and has a well established trade. Would be glad to explain in detail to anyone who is inthe market for a good investment.(5-2t) N. A. MOORE.LOST.On High street, between Eighthand Twelfth, a black leather "musicbag, containing sheet music. Rewardif left at this office, or call Homephone 223. (5-2t)NOTICE.All hogs and pigs must be removedfrom the city limits within five dayjfrom this notice. Those not complying with this' order will be subject to a fine. Each day after April8 constitutes a separate offense.A. H. KELLER,i City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health.Paris, Ky., April 3, 1918.(5apr-2t)I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in thecmclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any moretnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair oleyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein .need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.! I l"frH"M' 1 1 ft til 1 1 1 U Hflr-The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMB AIMERS!'FMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our tLimnucine Invalirl tr-tU THearse used for funeral1. 1 IWfliH It III T i Ti it, 1 I, il IWALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONE' GIVE UScA. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsTWIN BROS.Department Store.AnnouncesSPECIALSHOWINGOFNewDressesin manybeautiful designsandpatternsatbargain prices.TWIN BROS.Department StoreMain and Seventh Streets1 1 1 1 M I H II ! 1 1 1 IfMfM i.tMKv.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286purposes only.ti ..mt I 1 1 i n in i ntA'.BY EXPERTSA CALL"iJ!iMi: ratfcw'than: 5he4f . He is no le.iII ii iipidw w'eye.-nQ.rinfrom tho.-" t , ' W.'HpWHALEY-: wfc? :f,..o At,Ay;iH vTU16DA.Y, APRIL 9, 1S18TBI BOUKBOH HSWS, FAMf, JCIf 5IyJ-;: ' "i ".'.If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents -for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We art also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYColumbia GrafonolasColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00lPJIHflHIColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYDAYLIGHT SAVWG PLAH WORKING KICELY HEBE.The daylight saving plan hasL proved a big success right here inParis, as well as in more pretentiousplaces. There has been, of course,some complaint, but that was to beexpected. As soon as the people become fully accustomed to the changethis will all disappear, and be smoothsailing.About the only "kick" heard hereabouts on the part of housewives andcook about the new early rising andretiring movement is that breakfasthas to be ready for the first bird call,and the evening meal has to be psepared "in the middle of the afternoon." And some of them are figuring that the day is about thirty hourslong.Some few complamts have beenheard about- the eigfhV o'clock churchhour. The change tf time one hourhas been general and the eighto'clock church hour has been considered as being too late. Many, fere:thinking of petitioning the churchofficials to adopt the. 7:30 p. m. hourfor the evening service.The traveling public experiencedvery little difficulty in becoming accustomed to the change, and madetheir train connections on time.Some, however, arrived at the station on Monday morning with theirwatches an hour slow, and, as a result, found that the "train that goesto-day is already on its way."fa 151 153DON'T PLANT TOO EARLYHave you procured your gardenand field seed for planting thisspring? If you haven't, don't put itoff too long or you may not be ableto buy what you need when plantingtime comes around. There are severalvarieties of garden seed that havebecome scarce, and you will find itgood policy to buy early. As yet.nothing has been planted in the gardens here except perhaps lettuce andcnions, but a few weeks of warmweather will see the early gardenerplanting many other kind of vegetables. He will perhaps put out u lotof beans, and after they have comeup and th,e late frosts get them hewill want to buy more seed for a second planting. He is the one that usually causes certain garden seeds tobecome scarce when the real time forplanting comes. Don't plant tooearly, but have your seed ready.isa S3 ?SSENTENCED TO PEN MOVESONLY ONE POOH.Nat May, of Frankfort, was sentenced to the penitentiary for oneyear on the charge of stealing hidesHe lived next door to the penitentiaryfor ai year with only the wall separating the prison from his home. Thehides were stolen from 'Sullivan's tanyard, also just next door to theprison.- lea Pa isa -A newspaper man recently said agood citizen was a blessing to a town,and the next day a lot of men smileJat him.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There and "Elsewhere.f -hSt i-WMEEjLER'SApril Special Saleof the many new things that havebeen delayed in shipping. We wantyou housekeepers to have a chanceajt the many new thingsFOR HOUSE CLEANING TIME!Rugs, CarpetsMattings and IinoJeumsKitchen CabinetsGas and Coal RangesAt a BIG SAVING During Our April Sale.V-;The New IcebergRefrigeratorThe Kind That Will Save the Ice Bill' &Our car load will foe here in the next fewdays, so wait- and save the BIG DISCOUNTwe are going to give you.A. F. Wheeler Furniture CoMaf n and ThirdCHAS. GREEN, ManagerOpposite Court HouseMr. Albert Evans has returnedfrom, a business trip to Cincinnati.Miss Emmalou Scott has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Louisville.Mrs. Gus Christman is very illat her honie on the Clintonville pike,near this city.Mrs. R. S. Starks has returnedto her home in Midway after a visitto relatives in this city.Mr. Homer Kiser has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. B. E. Ballou andMrs. Edward Carson, in Richmond.Representative Claude M. Thornas, of Paris-, was a week-end guest offriends in Frankfort, returning Sunday. Mrs. Mollie Lair has returned toher home da' this city after a visit toher dauglftef , Mrs. Frank 'Wright, inWinchesterMr.aaid Mrs. Snell Mpore havereturned to their home in Lexingtonafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JohnDoty, near Paris.Miss Anette Grey left Friday forCamp Dix, in New Jersey, whereshe will be a member of the RedCross nursing staff.Mrs. James Ttforris, of Chicago, isa guest of her daughter, Mrs. JamesToohey, and Mr. Toohey, at theirhome on the Hume & Bedford pike,rI, near Paris. 'Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Brown, whohave been ouuepying a home onSouth Main street, left Friday forMacon, Georgia, where they will reFide in the future.Miss Mabel Robbins, former Superintendent of Schools, visited MissNancy Stevenson, County Superintendent of Schools of Clark County atWinchester, Friday. sDeputy State Fire Marshal Helm,of Frankfort, was a recent businessvisitor in Paris. Marshal Helm wa?en route from Middlesboro to Lexington on official business..Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andchildren have returned to their homenear this city after a visit to Mrs.Wiedemann's parents, Mr. and Mrs.John D. Purcell, in Lexington.Miss Anna Louise White has returned to her school duties at Hamilton College, in Lexington,, afterspending the week-end in this cityith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. P.White.Among those from this city andcounty who attended the dance givenin Le"?n. on recently were MissesNora Rou-ke and Elizabeth Tooheyand Musi's. John Rourke, GeorgeToohey.Among recent visitors from Bourbon county at Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville, were Mr. andMrs. John T. Collins, Mr. and rs. .f.W. Jones, Mr. Allie G. Jones and Mr.Lot Young.Mrs. Louis (Toney) Ray, whohas been seriously ill for severalweeks in a Cincinnati hospital wirhulcerated stomach, is now at thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mw.Swiney Ray, on Higgins avenue,where he will spend his convalescentdays.Mrs. Mary Goff, who Jias beenspending the winter with her daugliter, Mrs. John I. Fisher, in Louisville, has returned to her home inNorth Middletown. She was accompanied as far as Winchester by Mr.?.Fisher, who was a guest of friend.-'in that city for several days befor"returning to her home.(Other Personals on Page 5.)TE3 JR Ks"PAINT UP AND CLEAN UP"CAMPAIGN SOON.As has been the custom, and a mostcommendable one, for several yeaispast, the "clean-up-and-paint-up"campaign will soon be inauguratedin this city. It is the purpose of thevarious organizations having thework in charge to make a thorougn"clean-up" of Paris," and to make itthe cleanest and best town in theRtatP to live in. It will be the best,because the healthiest; best, becausethe hi nan in? ud of the winter's accumulation of rubbish will lessen thechances of fire; best, because a cleanParis will be a most beautiful Pari.The campaign reduces fire insurance rates and fire losses; makes gardens of vacant lots; removes unsafoand iinc:iP-ht.lv buildings: swats thefly; develops home and school gaidens; makes cleaner alleys, yards and ;houses; educates children in fire prevention and clean-up measures;nionfo tvooc p.ollfift.5 and disposes ozrubbish of all kinds; makes homesand places of business more attractive and far safer; develops a community spirit which permanently insures a cleaner, safer, healthier andmore beautiful Paris.Willing co-operation in this worn:will accomplish wonders. It hasdone so before. A magical transformation of Paris will be the result.Cleanliness is the best life insurance.It is the best fire insurance. Let';all work together when the timecomes and make Paris so deuced cleanthnt n flv will be afraid to slioalong the street for fear of breakinghis neck. 'Clean up and paint upr.ipar. nn vnur premises and paint upyour homes and business house:.The time will soon be at hand, andthe work will be cut out for you.umvEitsrrsr girls .in redCROSS UNIT.A Red Cross Unit, the purpose ofwhich is to make garments and otherwise conduct a systematic war workcampaign, has been organized by thegirls of the University of Kentucky,tv.ov.-rr f whnm are from Paris andBourbon county. Meetings will beheld every afternoon until the closeof the University year.The girls make sandwiches andsell them during the lunch' hourevfirv An in order to increase tlefunds of' the organization. Severalother money-getting pians nave ucxdecided on and will be worked outlater. jThe workers will make garmentsobtained already cut from the cityorganization of the Red Cross. Arnnm in thA denartment -of homeI' economics "hfcs 'been fitted up for theREDFMRNCORSETSt'The Ne Plus Ultra of Corsetry:731i58I1'3iII1ysjThe Hon. Mrs. Grahame was afamous beauty of her time, andwas considered one of the mostbeautifully dressed women sobeautiful that Gainesborough required no accessory in his painting. The proportions of her figureso carefully taken denote thatshe could have worn this model.Nature gave her a low bust,and this little model would hajeheld the bust and cunningly indented the waist with that verystraight front and back lirie somuch the vogue.This beautiful model isma'de, of fine batiste. Itexquisitely completes thelingerie of the well dressedwoman.$4 up.Back Lace. Front Lace., -if!ii1WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Sen ComWe Have Some Very FineN E A ISPAYMASTERSEEPCORNGermination Guaranteed,Order Early, as the Stock is' Limited.-.'C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth anil Pleasant St:.TA ' .V?'-''ZI fc 1 'fT -vr. - -tfrVi1 v:ir- 'workers. t; , .i Vj.. .- ..fiatohr .., .. - .ik. 2,Iyy "ww .TOE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY."VftTUESDAY, APJtttr I, lllfuoiim&- 2:.BUY TILL ITHURTSFightHere is HONOR FLAG of ThirdLiberty Loan Let's Fly it First!jinii13 yt .hiHr,l'fkif!$-Sit9 :iitttTpT-ThlrdThey Will Save Your Home, Farm and Country!Don't Be a Slacker!!This Space Donated by Shire & Fithian, Peoples Deposit Bank ;& Trust' Company and Bourbon Oil and Development Company..$JfEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLTJBWOMEN.;A com,munity chorus is being organized in our city.tMrs. Macie Fithiair-Chairman.tJA. L. Boatright Director.' Z. L. Wilcox Assitant Director.Misses Crutcher and O'Neil Accompanists. All who can make a "joyful noise"are asked to enToll with one of the'following captains:&Mrs. Power Methodist.lMrs. Clyde Keller Baptist.Mrs. Dorothy Foster Christian..Miss-Edna Keller Catholic.Mrs. Fithian- Presbyterian.'Mrs. Harry .B. Fithian Episcopal., Mr. Russell Frank School. f"Mr. C. B. Mitchell and Mr. Ed.Hiriton City at Large.""The first rehearsal will be -held to-ji(ght (Tuesday)' at the Baptistcliurch at 8 p. m."The object of this organization JAtfill be to promote patriotismthrough patriotic music, and to avoidHie desecration, which some one haspresented in the following lines:"Oh, say, can you sing from the start Jto the end.What so proudly you stand for whenrrVip&trK nlnv it.!When the whole congregation, invoices t-'iat blend, -Strike up the grand tune and themtorture and slay it?How valiantly all shout when they'reC first starting out;But 'the dawn's early light' flnd, them floundering about.Tis 'The Star-Spangled Banner'.A A.f i--., ..,:: ' , ,..,!ui. uiey mm t iluu luc "- j be unable to accommodate the mem, precious brave thing. - bers attendin& The program will beHark!The 'twilight's last gleaminghas some of them stopped,But the valiant survivors pressfoi-ward serenelyTo 'the ramparts we watched,' whensome "others are dropped, ,And the loss of the leaders is niani' . fest keenly.Then 'the rockets red glare' gives thebravest a scare,ln"d there's few left to ' face the,tf? 'bombs bursting in airTi6a .thin line of heroes that manage to saveXhe last of the verse, and 'the homeixf.of the brave.' "The Flashlight.. f tiVe had become an extravagantMopl'e because of our abundance; but, already the people of the UnitedSKtes are beginning to husband nature's resources.Thrift Gardens will be one 4flhedominant features in the year's c5naiirvation movement. This is the timeIfcen ve may sacrifice "beauty forwtflity, the flower garden for the veg-fiiile garden. The great waste-MiafrUKh theunused back yards of aciiumity is appalling.UmlA the followins: summary. Iftfct muMct i denied you, doyourti - . .. ... . . . . . . . rt99m." -wita tne . a. 'rnriit&& cifteiTgMy' jfr&iHM&or '.third; Liberty, Ian,-wjlthLiberty Loan Honor Flag.H JHHHHHIHHHHflHHHHBHHHIHHHHHIiHBIIB M Hard, 25x50. feet, at a cost not exceeding ?2.00 for seeds and ?5..0O foifertilizerWjll very materially reduce thecost of living.Will supply a family of six withfresh vegetables throughout the season. Will yield, in cash value, produceworth from $50 to $100 per season.Will provide wholesome and profitable exercise for mind and body.Will make a more contented pecpie.Will teach preparedness and economy. Will conserve the nation's resources. ,vWith the Clubs.TheParis Literary Club closes theyear's work with the following program: kbovfe the Fifty-eighth ParellelMrs. Bower.Alaska Days With John" MuirMrs. Turney.Myths of Alaska, Reading Mrs.McClure.Reports from the officers.The Art Club will meet with Mrs.Lowcy at, 2:30 Friday, April 12.Subject Architecture.Early Christian and' Byzantine.Roll Call a, church kind.Early. Christian Basilicas MissBessie Evans.Byzantine, Its Characteristics Mrs.Sutherland.Cliurch of St. Sophia Mrs. Loui.! RogersChurch of St, MarchMrs. Bowei.Church of St. Antoin Mrs. Biddle.Noteworthy Architecture in" Russia"Mrs. Clay.The Kentucky State Federation oWomen's Clubs will hold its annualmeeting in Lexington, June "11-14.Sayre College will be used to housethe delegates, as the local hotels willJ announced eany in May.At the Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday Christian Church Woman's Society.Wednesday Episcopal 'ChurchWoman's Society.Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Progressive Culture Club.Full quotas are desired. Anabundance of work on hand.The Surgical Dressing Rooms willhe opened on the regular days,Tuesday anU Friday.ai one time our government entimecouraged the publishing of Red Crossoutputs, special calls, and shipments.Experience has proved this to be unwise. We can readily see that this isso, when we recall the sinking ofj supplies, the poisoning of the dressings in the Cleveland warehouses,etc.To-day the authorities request thatlittle publicity be given to the' RedCross activities. Therefore, hereafterwe trust that all workers be governed accordingly.Woman's time, talent and moneyare behir called into service as nevar-i. - . . .-.. -.ui-rbiave. ne local woman's nmmBuyMiss Kate Alexander as Chairman,expect to exceed the record they ma'dpfor the last drive,1 50 of the apportionment. As we go to press theyare already nearing the goal."Do your bit" is obsolete. It isnow "Do your BEST.'"S K& 14ACCEPTS CLERKSHIP WITH WIL-Mr. Sam Willis has accepted aclerkship with the grocery- Arm ofWilmoth & Co. Mr. Willis is an oldexperienced grocery man and salesman and will be a valuable acquisition to the sales forces of this popular firm. Mr. Willis has a large ciicle of friends who he invites to callon him at his new place of business." (9-lt)3 fe 1?3 IAUTO SALES. "iThe Lexington Cadillac Companyleports the following recent sales ofOldsmobiles to Bourbon county people: Mr.J. Stuart Roberts, of nearParis, eight-cylinder touring car;James H. Thompson, of near Paris,eight-cylinder roadster.For Sale.One Axminister 8x10 Rug, almostnew; a bargain for some one. Canbe seen at residence.MRS. KISER SMITH.719 Walker Avenue,(9-3t)Paris, Ky.Good Business For SaleOwing to the condition of mvhealth, I have decided to d)scontinucbusiness. Same is offered for sale asa whole, or will dismantle equipmentand sell in parts. i(92t) H. J. GROSCHE.Lost Dog.While driving to Paris, Saturdaynight, I lost my dog "Buster." Ismedium-sized brindle; one-half bullterrier; bob-tailed; has few whitemarks; wore brown studded collai.Ten dollars reward for his return 'orinformation leading to his recovery '' DR. HOWARD LYON, ' I(9-2t) Winchester, Ky: iFor Rent.Three nice rooms, in good locationsuitable for light housekeeping. An,ply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf).- (7Strayed or StolenFrom my nlace on th nvtiiiopike, a Jersey Heifer, about 16months old. Suitable reward for herreturn or information as to hew hereabouts. k. "' FRANKCLAXTON, - i( ttsPd) Mj - ? "iParisr Ty.orWALSH'SYOUNG MEN'S AND MEN'S CLOTHESFOR SPRINGGiving You Something!When you come to this store for clothes you will findthat it's not the question of how much we can- "get" fromyou but how much we can "give" you. For this reasonwe handle clothing only from lending makers.They are made to give you values, good styleand long wear.In selecting your clothes remember these points style,fabrics, values. You will get all three if you come here.Our StylesAre designed by master tailors, and are strictly up-to-the-minute.The new military styles are the latest creations. Our FabricsHave been selected with the best of care, as only thebest worsteds, cashmeres, homespuns and series are used.Our ValuesRegardless of what you have heard about prices weare offering some unusually good values.$12.50 to $35.00Knox and C. & K. Hats Manhattan ShirtsWilson Bros. Furnishings7th and MainStniltfi6 miKmikW M Frowning ;WEttXZJT dyvour "" ,MLBffVR P. WALSHOne-Price StoreBOND Today.ilkI wW iffwCopyright 1916The House of KuppenbclsarParis, ky.jAN.tASs-5!N.-' &erTUESDAY.-APJIIL 9, lllgTHE BOUKBONFOR THE 'BESTo' NOTHING ELSECHOOSE WISELYTtour clothes for spring, and -besure they are all wool. That kindyou'll find here ?Q to $4Q. -J. W- DAVISX & CO.1 1 fcENIIST NOW IN THE LIBERTYBONDJFIGHT.Enlist now. If you can't fight,buy Liberty Bonds to stop the Hun.-Miss Kate Alexander, Chairman ofthe Woman's Committee, asks everywoman in Bourbon county to help inthe drive.Buy and sell and report to her atthe headquarters in Bourbon Bank.m m mGARDEN SEEDS.y?e have all kinds. You need them.Let us have your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.rs - w ." THINGS TO WOURY ABOUT.Unless atmospheric and other conditions improve we shall soon becompelled to don gas masks whenwalking or riding through thestreets of Paris. Every little vagrantbreeze stirs up a cloud of germ-ladendust, and every sure-enough gust cfwind brings about a hurricane ofdust until the way seems to partakeof the characteristics of a Saharasand storm.. 'Ea m ihsGOES TO WASHINGTON.Miss Mabel Robbins left Sundayfor Washington, D. C, where she willreside in the future. Miss Robbins,who for several years was the mostefficient Superintendent of Schools otBourbon county, has been appointedto a position in the Quartermaster'soffice of the United States War Department. Miss Robbins is an energetic and well-posted woman, whomade aji excellent record in office forfaithfulness and capability, and inher new duties will prove no lesscapable and efficient.SOCIAL AND! PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There ands Elsewhere.BOURBON COUNTY IdUSTOVER THE TOP.""GOTHIS WEEK DESIGNATED"POTATO WEEK."ASThe week beginnig Sunday,April 7, has been designated by theFood Administrators as "PotatoWeek." Everybody is asked to eatpotatoes three times a day in order toreduce the superabundant supply andinduce more extensive planting in thespring1.Following out this request willhave the effect of making the' tubeisso scarce that the farmers will planta good crop for the coming season.About the best way, it seems to un,to increase the. consumption of potatoes is to put the price down to areasonable figure. Potatoes at $1.50a bushel are not the cheapest food tohe had in the local market. Putthem down below the dollar mark,and then see how fast they will go.FRESH SALMON.Nice fresh salmon received for today and to-morrow. We dress themfree of charge that helps. Let ushave your order if you want niceAtARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (9"2tP3 is fcaBIG LINE OP GLOVESNOW ISTHE TIME TO BUY.See us before you buy Fall andWinter Gloves. Largest stock inTaris to select from.PARIS RACKET STORE.(5-3t)THE LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLEGRANTS TOLUNTARYWAGES INCREASEA voluntary increase of fifty percent, in the monthly wages of alllow-wage employes of the Louisville& Nashville, became, effective hereApril 1. This increase affects a largenumber of employes in the SouthParis yards and in other departmentsof the L. & N. service in and adjacent to Pans.w, innrDp was entirely voluntary on the part of the Louisville &Nashville, und is in line wiui uiroad's policy of liberal treatment ofits employes, and was taken withoutregard to Government direction or reauirement The raise in salary is amost welcome one to the employes, inview of the nigh cost of living.SOUSA'SGREAT LAKES BAND VISITS PARIS.The strains of martial musiclgled with the cheers 01 -L11U c"" -mmf J.r- iwnlfpor specuttuia, "- - ,rac xroValSousa's famous ..w.Training Station Band, thiee hundied strong, marched down Mamstreet in this city last night Thesight was a most inspiring one, asthe "en? attired in their natty navaluniforms, and' led by Ihe noted bandmaster, John.Phalip . Sous, cam.swinging with precise martial I step:T, ohroacf r.lirOUKU i.u--C15UL a,W.-"fThe cominiv Sv Mr I. D. Thompson is able to beout after several days', illness.Mr. John Barnes, of Mt. Sterling, is the guest of his sister, Mrs.Charles Wilmoth.. Prof. Robert Hinton, of Georgetown .College, was a guest yesterdayof Paris relatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithian,who have been visitors in Paris forthe past month, returned yesterdayto their home in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson,who have been spending the winterat St. Petersburg, Fla., are expectedto arrive home on the 19th.Mrs. Percy Ried, of Richmond, isa guest of her mother, Mrs. M. APaton, and Mr. and Mrs. PearcePaton, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Chalotte Henry spent theweek-end at home from HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, with her parents, Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry.Deputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall returned Sunday morning from a sojourn at St, Petersburg, Anna MarmBeach, and other points in Florida.- Mrs. M. E. Warner, who hasbeen a guest of friends and relativesin this city and county, has returned to her home in Middletown, Ohio.Mr. C. F. Steenbergen, manageiof the Paris Gas & Electric Co., paida visit of inspection last week to thaoil and gas fields in Estill county, returning Sunday.Mr. Harry O'Brien,- former Parisian, came in yesterday for a visit tohis brother Mr. James M. O'Brien.Mr. O'Brien has been sojourning atHot Springs, Ark., during the racingseason.Mr. and Mrs. Hershel Humble, ofSomerset, were the guests Sunday ofMr. and Mrs. Swift Champe. Thevreturned to their home jesterday,after spending a week with Mr. andMrs. LD. Thompson.Mrs. John C. Crouch, -who hasbeen visiting her son, Mr. Claude McClain, at Little Rock during the winter, has returned to her home in Montana. Mr. Crouch will remain InKentucky a little while longer.Mrs. J. K. Todd, son and daughter, an'd Mrs. Nelson Craft have goneto Montana. Mr. and Mrs. Craft willromnin tlioro fn rocirlo r fhc fn in-n 'xvh ilft Mrs Tnriri pnri fnmiiv will i have been in several months ago, ha !To the credit of Bourbon countyis must be said tnat a most detei-mined effort will be madeby all concerned to make a record in the present Third Liberty Bond campaign.There is no disposition anywhere toshirk any part of the responsibility.wje must "go over the top" in thiscampaign-, for more than one reason.These reasons hardly need specifyinghere. But one of them is that wemust win one of. the Honor Flagswhich the Government is to presentto every county which oversubscribesits allotment in this campaign. Theseflags will be a lasting evidence ofthe patriotism of the county, and willbe as much revered in the future .asare now the battle-scarred flags ofour ancestors. It is proposed to keepa daily record in Frankfort of theprogress of the campaign in eachcounty. When the daily report ismade up it is hoped that Bourboncounty will -be there among thehighest.The bestowal of the Honor Flag isconditioned upon the total amountsof subscriptions sold to citizens of thecity and county, and not underwritten by the banks of the city or thocounty.It is the fondest hope of the committee to be able to wire Mr. J. WillSloll, at Lexington, who is in chargeof the Liberty Loan work for this section, before the closing hour of thecampaign: "Bourbon county ha-;leaped the top, scaled the heights,and made the Liberty Loan Bondrampaign memorable by far oversubscribing her allotment."m It bTIME TO CLIP THE HORSES: .Be independent, clip your -ownhorses, own a machine and saemoney. We sell the be,st machinemade the "Stewart." It does thowork satisfactorily. We also sharpenknives for chlipping machines. Novis the time to treat your horse to aclipping. ,(5-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.THE TAIRFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.A belated shipment that should1 SSSSSSSSSSS!ZmmammTmmmrmrmtmTFrJust Arrived!?Hj New , , II SPRING SUITS, COATS ANDf! '.. ' .. DRESSES '" -" ' i 11 " ! ' -'W H 1-, In All the Latest Colors and Materials . . 1;4 - ENEW Iiiof the band was made:ui u o Jiurrv-un VisiL lu .v.aputiuic uj ----- - Tolinrv andington of Mayor xu. : 0"r:-handk Coroner Rudolph Davis Thcame to Paon a special t rainat7:20 taiBnu---.,, theircert at bexm&i" "- --march through the streets , drew ifrnnt of -the court house, neiethev -ave a forty-five-minute pro4am Sf patriotic and popalar se ec--f-eftiTir the big crowd wild witahf Everybody who could comedecgthPre and heard the big band.,vas fully mftllbeygtam rousingrSrtSffSSt forCjntUna,make a visit to relatives, returning inMay.Mr. Newton Smith, of Paris, atteended the meeting of the Nobles ofOleika Temple, Order of MysticShrine, held in Lexington. Arrangements were made at the meeting forholding a spring ceremonial at Covington the latter part of April.Illness has been laying a heavyhand on the tonsorial force of CahalBros. One of the force, Mr. GrantOvery, has just recovered from an attack of grippe, and is followed by Mr.Anderson Cahal and Mr. John Cahal,both of whom are confined to theirhomes with the disease.At a patriotic meeting held atZion, six miles from Henderson, Ky.,on April 4, the principal speakerswere Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, ofHenderson, formerly pastor of thParis Baptist church, and Hon. S. O.Heilbronner, of Henderson, a nephewof Dr. L. Oberdorfer, of Paris.Winchester Daily Sun: "Mrs.Sam Willis has returned to Paris,after a visit to relatives in this city.... Miss Sarah Buckner and MissMary Amis were guests for the weekend of Mr. Ben Buckner, at XalapaFarm, near Paris .... Miss NannieLou Owen, of Paris, is a guest ofMisses Hattie and Eunice Owen."The society column of Sunday'sCourier-Journal has the following,wliich will be of interest to the manyfriends and relatives in Paris: "Mrs.Wallace Frank, of Philadelphia, whois making her home with Dr. Frank'sparents, Dr. Louis Frank and Mr.-:.Frank, during Dr. Frank's absence InFrance, left yesterday with Mrs. W.A, Wareing and daughter for theirhome in Cleveland, where she willvisit Mr. and Mrs. Wareing beforegoing to Philadelphia for a shortstay." " ,(Other Personals on Page 5.)?S TS fePUBLICITY COMMITTEE THANKSPATRIOTIC PARIS MERCHANTSThe patriotic merchants of Parisivho have so liberally donated specialadvertising space in the Paris newspapers to the cause of the Third Liblety Loan Campaign are:R. P. Walsh, Clothier,J. W. Davis & Co., Clothiers.Stant. Rummans, Clothier.,Frank & Co., Dry Goods.Bourbon Lumber Co.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.Shire & Fithian, Jewelers.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust C'JBourbon Oil & Development Co.A.' F. Wheeler Furniture Co.The liberal advertising being furnished the Bourbon County Committee for the Third Liberty Loan Drive,was only made possible through thegenerosity of the above named merchants, and the Committee extendstheir hearty thanks to them.PUBLICITY COMMITTEE,Third Liberty Loan.jai fePARIS REAL ESTATE PIRM SUESI.KXIWtfTUJM MHIM.L. D. Harris and George .D. Speakes,of Paris, partners in the real estatebusiness under the firm name of Harris & Speakes, filed a petition in thoFayette Circuit Court, Saturdayagainst James W. Ferguson, of Lexington, for $1,198.80. with interestthereon from December 1, 1917, until paid. . ,, ,The plaintiffs claim that the defendants listed his farm of 444 acredwith them at ?135 per acre, andagreed to pay two per cent, on thealreed purchase price. The plaintiffs claim to have sold the farm fcrthe defendant, and that the defendant has refused to pay them theircommission, amounting $1,1? 8 L80.Harris & Speakes are represented inthe suit by Allen Duncan, of Lex-,infton Mr. Ferguson is a formerresident of this county. "just arrived, and .you will noticeprices are considerably lower thanthey could be bought for in to-day'smarket: 1-pin t Tin Cups, 2 for 5c,Flaring Pails, full 10-quart size,each 19c Aluminum Sauce Pans,each 29c; Aluminum Funnels, 10c;Pie Pans, full 9-inch size, each 5c;all size Watering Pots, all size MilkCans and a bargain in Blue andwhite Milk Pans, at each 15c; CoffeeBoilers, each 49c; Tea Kettle, 60c;Paint, all colors, 10c can; PaintBrushes, 5c; Varnish Brushes, worth!to-day 25c, at 10c each; CandySpecial, Florida Fruit. creams, RHJ&Hfruit flavors, Saturday only until Tmp. m., at 15c a pound, all quantitieilimited; Window Shades, 36-in. widcj6 foot la-ng, all colors, at each 39c. 'Wall Paper Tor Friday Only.Regular 10c grade, with borders t6match, at 5c roll less than to-day'swholesale cost. 'THE fair;rlrSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ' ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from. -.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosierygwYou Wi II Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anNewRed SealRecordsFor TheVICTROLAVnMarch Miniature .'64766, $1.00Boston Symphony Orchestra.Darling Nelly Gray64729, $1.0Alma Gluck.The Lord is My Ligh't '' 64726, $1.0PJohn McCormack. !rDaughertyBrosLFifth and MinAUTOMATIC ITheDatmttedBottleholderlAn exclusive'feature witfidteAumMAne' XSSsA if '"V" I lllllll'1 I'll 1 KrBUY ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic.The watar cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelain and there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THE J. T HINTON COMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING'EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.i mt rturt r -Xi ii ii'iaiwrt rwt-"wofi1?"" !i. ' M".",:1?afj.urtmiimt..:ii .j315j1.ite..!ISNilIr , g.tU ! i ly j3.--rjggrigtastagWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY.wacsSaSiaeasmm-&.4?LUCKY STRIKECIGARETTEEVERY month we make enoughLucky Strike Cigarettes to reach,end to end, from New York to China,the long way around. That's15,000,000 A DAYRegular men like the Lucky StrikeCigarette good, solid KentuckyBurley tobacco, fine for a cigarettebecauseIT'S TOASTEDeawriBS-wp nnxmtvcmcoior tax nGuaranteed, bys '?t I C O Jt f O M AT KO -10STOCK, CROP, ETC.A NATIONAL FARM EMPLOYMENTSERVICE.Every third or fourth-class postmaster and every rural mail carrierIf now a farm laborer agent and attue service of any farmer who desirestc hire men for farm work. All thefarmer has to do is to ask his carriercr postmaster for an application"blank, fill out this blank and handit back to the postman or put it in hismail box. On the blank the farmeris expected to state the number ofmen needed, the work to be done, ,length, of employment offered, wages,living conditions, etc. These noticeswill first be posted in the local post-,office in the effort to secure the needed help locally. If no response inhad here, applications will be sentto the nearest district office. Blanks -vsroxn -D-priTTT ArpTn-KTc -D-piATJTvrKm, ' iKliUUimiiUlUk) X,XjJUXUlVi ITJohn T. Hedges, of near Lexington, sold to Catesby Woodford, ofnear Paris, a five-year-old work marefor $250.Charles C. Boyd, of near NorthMiddletown, sold to R. B. Rash, ofthe same vicinity, a -nice saddlemare for $250.J. Elmer Boardman, of near Little Rock, sold ninety head of cattleto different parties this week atprices ranging from $60 to $72 eacn.K3 F3 isinre also provided for the use of meadesiring employment on the farmur course results cannot oe guaranteed from this advertising of farmers' needs, but it ought to help a lot.Farmers should avail themselves of itto the fullest extent. The Department of Labor, which has workedout the system in co-operation withthe Postoffice Department, insists,however, that farmers make out theirapplications ahead of their time ofactual need and that they fill out application blanks carefully and fully.just oecause you get stung oncem a while don t think everybodyelse is a bee.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefroM dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt. 'MARGOLEN'SStmitary Meat MarketSHIPMENTSfeTO SOLDIERS.An order, an official copy of wjiicl1was received in Paris yesterday byPostmaster J. Walter Payne, hasbeen issued by Postmaster-GeneiaJBurleson, stating that on and afterApril 5, parcels for members and individuals connected with the America Expeditionary Force in Europe,shall not be accepted for mailing ordispatch unless they contain onlysuch articles as are being sent at thewritten request of the addressee, approved by his regimental or highercommander or an executive officer ofthe organization with which heconnected.Postmasters and postal employeshave been instructed to see that thisorder is carried out in every detailand strictly adhered to in the shipment of all parcels to the soldiers atthe front.153 jig ,BACKING UP PEOOFisThe Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest Paris man oiwoman has publicly endorsed DoanV.Kidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years after 13better evidence.The following Paris man's statement leayes no room for doubt.It must convince every kidney sufferer who reads it."If your back aches if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of Geo. McCandles, Second St.He says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had backaches. Doan's KidneyPills put a "stop to all the trouble andgave me complete relief," (Statementgiven January 17, 1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916 Mr. McCandles said."I haven't had any need of a kidnevremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Trice, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same Mv.McCandles had. Foster-Milburn Co.,iMfrs., Buffalo, JT. Y. k JELLTFqUJOITS MAYPIISTATiJUWlS.-'IsujUiPersons who failed to make incomeor excess profits tax returns by midnoght Tuesday the final time for receiving the reports, will not necessarily have to pay the penalty provvided by law."Collectors have been directed,"Revenue Commissioner Roper announced "to permit delinquent taxpayers to submit with late returns, iffiled immediately, statements showing causes of delinquency. Thesestatements will be given full consideration in the determination of penalties and amount of taxes to be assessed." The penalty for late returns is afine of between $20 and $1,000, theamount to be determined by theRevenue Commissioners. In practice,however, penalties ordinarily havebeen omitted.About 7,000,000 income return.'are believed to have been filed withrevenue collectors up to Tuesdaymidnight. The number was so greatthat officials in collectors' office?could not begin to tabulate them orestimate the income reported.BED CROSS INSTRUCTED TO PROTECT KNITTED GOODS.In order to protect from moths anddamage in other forms during thesummer months Red Cross sweatersand other knitted articles furnishedto the- soldiers' an order has beenissued by the adjutant general ofthe army, addressed to all commanding generals and all department commanders, instructing them to have aninventory taken at once of all article"of wearing apparel issued by the RedCross and to require the unit supply officers to take up on their returnand account for these articles asthough they were government property regularly supplied by the quartermanster's corps.Furthermore, they are. to exercisethe same care in their use and preservation and are to turn them intuthe quartermaster for renovation atthe end of. the season or when nolonger required, to be reissued orwhen needed.This action on the part of the WarDepartment will assure the thousandsof American women who haye knitted sweaters and other articles forthe soldiers for winter use that thearticles which they have made arcto receive the same careful attention as clothing or any other articlefurnished by the government.te Pa toDO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must hav-?sound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by 'indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof these tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.'(adv-april)tujmjxiy, apeel. f;im ?aammmmFOur Two Black JacksiiSQIRRELLYANDaBULL SPEARS"will make the season at our place,0V2 miles from Paris on the Maysville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, bigbone, niealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeIff 1A beautiful lln of Garland. .!ay. Com. In antf lok thtm vtr.Paris'GasfrElectricCo.-MMMB - gggMagBMir- '-r..-tvr- 4..-.-. . fc aaaE. 1. WtfiELEBSlBIGRUGSPECIALA CAR LOAD OF RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for thejudge of prices.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSsaifliM&jMMfli3i3S1-AS33S351?alIS KINGA great opportunity exists to-day for the investor in oil stock.Never before has there been such a demand for oil. The Govern- .ment is calling loudly to the oil operators to speed up work, and assisting in getting equipment. It will help win the war.The Columbia Oil & Gas Go.expects to start a drilling campaign this Spring and summer on someof its most valuable leases. Drilling rigs are now being moved toour lease in Lee county, which is located in that marvelously richsection. There is room for 15 or 20 wells on this lease, whichshoulcf make the company a rich producer and a very big dividend payer.An opportunity is offered for a short while, to buy the stock at75 cents, a share.Write us at once and we will send you a special letter withcfurther information.Ngli. Jm -A. El. FARLEY & CO.,404 Courier-Journal Bldg.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.syAATUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1918TfflCBOUKBON NEWS, PARIS, ET.5-lil IS LOOKINGFOB ft JOB NOWRheumatism Kept Him Off Job SixMonths Taalac TreatmentHelped Him.I'm out looking for a job sinceTanlac Rheumatism Treatment helped my rheumatism so much," saidGussie Link. 108 Berry Street,, Daytun, Ky., near Cincinnati, "wheremany folks are taking Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment and finding ithighly beneficial."I hadn't worked for six monthsbefore I started taking Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment," Mr. Link continued. "My rheumatism was so badthat I was down, in bed."I had rheumatic aches and pain.-in the entire lower portion of mybody. It was impossible at times fnVme to even move my limbs because ofth.4 pains. The shooting pains camein my arms, too, and I was stiff andsore all over."I tried all kinds of medicines, butnothing seemed to help me. Finallya neighbor brought me home a package of Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment and I tried it."That one package has put meback on my feet, I'm still takingthe treatment and am getting betterrapidly. I'm looking for a job nowand I think I'll be able to go backto work before long."I'm certainly pleased with TanlacRheumatism Treatment and recommend it to anybody who suffers fromrheumatism."If you suffer from rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment today. It will do for you what it hasdone for others. You can get TanlacRheumatism Treatment atVARDEN & SON'S.Take Tanlac, the famous tonic,this spring. It is purely vegetableand it builds up run down systemsand brings strength and health. Youcan get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)GREAT GUNS.One of the German long-range gunsbombarding Paris burst, according toprisoners captured on the Frenchfront, five of the gun crew beingkilled. This annuoncement was madeofficially.Benito Caeiro, a Portugese engineer, is said by the Seculo to haveinvented a gun which will throw ashell 90 miles.WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's-Cough Remedyto keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.(adv-april)After making several tiresometrain rides we re of the opinion thatthe automobile and the airplane willgain the day.-YOUNG AMERICA AND THE LISERTY LOAN.President Wilson has mustered intothe army of workers for the ThirdLiberty Loan the Boy Scouts ofAmerica and .the Girl Scouts.The work of the Boy Scouts in thetwo previous Liberty Loan campaignswas an inspiring feature. In thesecond campaign they obtainedJ533,000 subscriptions for over ?1007000,000 worth of bonds.The work of the Boy Scouts andthe Girl Scouts in this great nationaleffort will be not only great practicalserivce to the country, but of geateducational value to the boys andgirls in preparing them for patrioticuseful citizenship. The patrioism ofthe young people of America is aguarantee of the future; it meansgood citizens and good Americans inthe making. They are the citizensof to-morrow and they are doingmuch to make the world safe for democracy. The Boy Scouts have not onlyshown their patriotism, they havedemonstrated their efficiency andtheir value to the country. With theGirl Scouts also enlisted in the workthey must look to their laurels.V -Afc"i,X,..WON'T LET 'EM RAISE.Under the above caption, EditorHiram Duley, says in the last issueof his paper, the FlemingsburgTimes-Democrat, regarding the electric service in Paris and Flemingsburg: "The Paris Gas & Electric Co. having announced that they would advance the price of service to privateconsumers of Paris, the city authorities informed them that they will notbe permitted 'to do so without theConsent of the city. And it seems tous that the rates charged for electricservice here are pretty high when wetake into consideration the limitedservice we now get. In fact, a goodmany people are talking of cuttingout the service and going back to theold lamp system. Theeditor is astockholder in a small way in thiscorporation, but fairness to all impels us to call attention to thesethings, so that they may be lookedinto."CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycanndt reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrliMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by one of thebest physicians in this country foryears. It is composed of some of the.best tonics known,- combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)EmaiINSHOE11M icuceksTWsM! ,,LIQUIDS &PASTES KEEP YOURFOR BLACKrWHlTE, SHOESTAN, DARK BROWN L NEATUK VA'BWUUSHOES.A QUICK BRILLIANTLASTING SHINE.PRESERVE THE,LEATHER.THEF.F.OAILEY COGPOnATOKS.lTD.lBUFFALO.N.Y.4 m IGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyV.;v.I Zljj---- - l"Wte &..ZXif -tprrryc.fl)t " '"Mi"NO EIGHT HOUR nDAY IN WAR WORK"Declared Lexington Postmaster inTelling Rural Mail Carriers TheyMust "Go to It in WarSavings Campaign.KY. POSTMASTERS AROUSEGOVERNMENT EMPLOYESLet Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric ;ight'andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftentimes in matters' of extreme importance. The doctor, the polic2or the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapi-1service. We give you prompt connection with' the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a Tiome insttitution and are vitally interested in the town' welfare. We can help you. Youcan'help us. Let's get together.Paris Home telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(iBOorforatti)J.J.VEATCH, W'CTLrerCentral Accounting Postmasterthroughout Kentucky have been holding meetings 'of District Postmastersand Rural Carriers the past week forthe purpose of arousing them to thedemands upon them by the FederalGovernment, through the Post OfficeDepartment at Washington, that everyone get actively in the great campaignnow going on all over the country toteach the lesson of Thrift and promote Uie sale of Thrift Stamps andWar Savings Stamps among the peoplethey serve in their several communities. In not a single instance has aPostmaster ignored the call of StateDirector James B. Brown for suchmeetings, and every meeting has beenlargely attended and will be productive of good results.Postmaster Moses Kaufman, of Lexington, who has actively co-operatedwith County Chairman John Skain inhis every plan of campaign, told hisassociates and employes of the PostOffice Department in Fayette countythat there is no eight-hour day in warwork, and that they must go to it atall hours, leaving the road side mailbox in the rural districts to call at thedoorstep of the persons on his routeand see that they either bought WarStamps or gave a good and sufficientreason why they could not do so."Do you really think that the American soldiers who are at this minuteholding the line in France are holdingout for an eight-hour day? Alrightthen, go to it, and give overtime toyour menaced country and sell thesestamps.This is how Postmaster Kaufmanwent at the rural mail carriers at ameeting of the carriers, which wascalled to put new ginger into the salesof War Savings Stamps, The ruralmail carriers, Mr. Kaufman explained,had fallen behind the city carriers inresults."Now you men in the country shouldsee every man, woman and child onyour route. Put the mail in the boxon the road, and then take the time todrive up to the man's house, and insist on a-hearing. Don't let personalrebuffs bother you. Just remind yourself that it is your country and notyou that is receiving the rebuff."Say to the men who refuse to buy:" 'What right have you to stay, athome in ease and comfort, while otherAmericans are dying in France? Whyhas the government a right to call onone man to die, if it has not an equalright to ask you to lend your money?""Tell him that he is the sort of manthat will make it possible for that heroic line in France to break before theHun assault. Put it up to him that itwill be his fault if the war is lost."John Skain, the county chairman oithe War Savings Stamp campaign,spoke and suggested yet another argument. "Tell the man who will not buy thatthe government will get his money another way if he will not lend it to agovernment which is willing to pay agenerous interest. There are, I know,men of wealth on your routes, whohave so far refused to buy. Tell thosemen that the assessment boards of thecounty know their wealth, and thatthey are driving their government toresort to taxation. They are not going to get away without putting upsome money for this war."iw V (f.. -wmmmm w uy-One Policy of "THE HOME OF NEW YOEK" recommends anotherv n -""The Largest Fire Insurance Company in AmericajThe Home skii New YorkA COMPARISON OF INTEREST.A great deal of speculation and discussion have arisen in connectionwith the comparative interest returnsof the War Savings Stamps and thebonds of the Third Liberty Loan.Now that the Treasury Departmenthas announced that the interest rateon the new bonds is 44 a comparison can be made.A War Savings Stamp bought January 1, 1918, if held until maturity.January 1, 1923, pays a total interestof eighty-eight cents, or seventeen and6-10 cents per annum. This is equivalent, to a rate of 4.27 per annum.The interest rate increases each monththis year until in December the return develops as follows : That monththe stamp costs $4.23 and has fouiyears until maturity. The total interest received, if held until maturity, isseventy-seven cents. For one 'year ilamounts to nineteen and one-quarteicents, which is at the rate of 4.55per annum.The Tkird Liberty Lofuxbonds willnot be convertible into- subsequent is;sues, so you can assure the public thaithe purchaser of War Savings Stampsis not discriminated againstin the nenbond .issue. t .I quote the following from SecretaryMcAdoo: "In the "coming Libert jLoan drive," safd the Secretary, "thWar Savings organizations should continue their efforts in the formation oiWar Savings societies, educationalwork in the schools, and general, thriftpropaganda. There, are persons ;whcare unable to buy Liberty Loan bondand airthese persons should be urgeeto buy War Savings Stamps."You will-note from this our campaign is not to slacken. Let our Slogan be: ,Liberty Loan Bonds f of the ;fellowho cam by them; and War SavingiI Stamps for everybody. , A iHome Office: No. 56 Cedar StreetELBRIDGE G. SNOW, PresidentRESOURCES INVESTED IN AMERICAN SECURITIESOne Hundred and Twenty-Ninth Semi-Annual Statement.January, 1918CASH ASSETSCASH CAPITALLIABILITIESNET SURPLUS OVER LIABILITIESSurplus as regards Policyholders, $19,00150.5$44,043,651.586,000,000.0025,047,401.0013,001,250.58?FIRE AND ALLIED BRANCHES OP INSURANCEfire, Lightning, Automobile, Explosion, Hail, Marine (Inland and Ocean), ;Parcel Post, Profits and Commissions, Registered Mail, Rents, SprinkleaLeakage, Tourists' Baggage, Use and Occupancy,Windstonn, Full War CoyerFARM PROPERTY AND CROP DAMAGE INSURANCE A SPECIALTYWESTERN FARM DEPARTMENT:Lesch & Cornell, Managera Chicago, HI.AGENTS IN CITIES, TOWNS AND VILLAGES THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES,AND ITS POSSESSIONS AND IN CANADASTRENGTHREPUTATIONSERVICESIXTY-FIVE YEARS OF FAIR DEALING WITH POIICYHOLDERSLOSSES PAID SINCE ORGANIZATION OVER $187,000,000PROMPT ADJUSTMENT AND PAYMENT OF LOSSESMOTHER! DON'T TAKECHANCES IF CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious.Clean Little Liver andBowels.A laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Children simply will nottake time from play to empty theirbowels, which become clogged upwith, waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child is listless, cross,feverish, breath bad, restless, doesn'teat heartily, full of cold or has sorethroat or any other children's ailment, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," then don't worry,because it is perfectly harmless, andin a few hours all this constipatedpoison, sour bile and fermentatingwaste will gently move out of thobowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. A thorough "insidecleansing" is ofttimes all that is necessary. It should be the first treatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrupsAsk vour druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-up-3plainly printed on the bottle. Loo!rcrefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company."ts laTRIANGLE ENCOURAGES WRITERS WITH TALENT.Over thirty-five hundred scriptshave been, read in the first threemonths of the new year by Triangle.A new method of handling and criticising stories is in vogue. Everysincere author trying to write forTriangle is assured of fair treatment.A conservative criticism by the reader is given to authors displaying talent. The average story is not heldby the company for more than a weekor ten days. "Even if we only findone or two rci'.ly talented picturewriters out of tae thousands of newwriters who are sending their stories,we feel that our time has been well jspent," says Mr. P. J. Hum, head otthe Triangle reading department.m ia mIF I WERE A FARMER.If I were a farmer I would keepat hand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of anWcinin.Ti Riinh as Chamberlain's Coiiciand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, colds and croups.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains,Vkvnicoo nnrl rheumatic nains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stom-ach troubles, biliousness ana constipation. ,This would require an outlay oonly $1.10. By having these articles at hand it would often save thetrouble of a trip to towii in thebusiest season or in the night, andwould enable me to treat alight ailments "as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious- diseases that so often follow. ;(adv-april)KENTUCKY FINANCESThe outstanding warrants owed byKentucky, Wednesday totaled $4,750,137.57 the first of last month.The condition of the State treasuryat the close of business March 31follows: School fund, $365,840.35;sinking fund, $232,767.09; University, $41,707.64; general expeditures,$1,279,305.82; balance in treasury,$1,909,620.90.FOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give youa' relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)Honey and Syrups.Honey and syrups Instead ofwill make victory just as sweet-bring it much sooner.The German cruiser Wolf is saidto have been on the seas fifteen,months, but it's the German government who says it.Iftmm-ABI IBBST-mHff C&nd prevents1 This no Wnteroa'U7ff WwemSffi Dforrhtefiox eared. ' -T Vtr patMBB a or s arapa aaI n tti M drlfiklM TCMT dOTlBC thtftrrt tea ay. Carea Efy. '"gorebead. roup and cold.. A. Mm'BOKie Bases puwwcme. At drazKista or ay aaatt.yoatoaM. Poultry BeekTraa.wWfUmadyO., NfUw, Unlwlia, MTrKiE tNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPapering .Let Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399. JKANE BROS.itM,MM,M,iMaM 'fa:atem Cards:WM. GRANNAN. Attorney-it-Liw-' RPOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL 'BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat;ROOMS 403-404.' FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING. .,RHONE 131.eThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetI Satisiactioi is OffWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are prepartd-to, do worjc inferior tonone, and solicit your, patronage.Bourbon Laundry.Paris" KAtitky.-Lt.h1 .tej6mfatfajJ&Al.j. jZAx if A mtmtSkUmtmH IJHfr aft fJMJrftftifl-i'aWHf nVJat-p .feLwA.-iiiBsllBlBssB"PIGI EIGFTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TWBBDAT, APRIL t Itlg i,vyv,-' ''-.CXS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOHf-A l t -,TOLLERSBURG . T''!MATRIMONIAL...KHK i1JV, u-i-iiss Theodosia Arthur is among: A marrYge license was - issuedihe sick. , . . , 1 yesterday from the office of Couaty? -.fr-Mn-JJH. Collier was in Cincinnati Clerk PearcePaton to George Wheus-"r3i , business Friday, . . ley and 'Mrs. Mary Shaw, both of thic,lr.-W-Mr.,,BarlrMllt"wh6 :has been, county.'j JAiiibsS 'ill, Is vimp'rbving.Mr. 0. M. Johnson is installing a inew furnace in his home.Mrs? 2.C? IBorner.and daughtervisited friends i'n Oineinnati, Thursday aad Friday..-i f.'-n-D.r.:W M 4i Miller sold on Friday- , I A r 1t!ijs .property occupied .by Mx. andIrs. ED. Baldwin, to Mrg.'R. Butler. Terms private.Ctfrs. It. M. Johnson has returnedafter a two-weeks' sojourn at West'JJadEn, InL, much, improved.-Bev: and Mrs.wJ.W. Gardener re' -turied Saturday after a few days'visit to relatives -at Somerset.Mr. R. E. Caldwell, of Unit No.'40, stationed at Camp Taylor, Louianrille, was -at home Saturday and Sun-l Mp. J. . t. Adair attended the- aance given by the Dancing Club r.fMrs. Tandy Hedges, at Lexington,'Saturday night. ",-! Mr. W. S. Judy, residing at Lexington,--sold his property, adjoiningthat of Mr. Edgar Hurst, on Thurst Igy, to Mr. F. C. Caldwell. Teimsprivate.. !,- Mr. James Ellington visited rel-. -atiyes at Moorefield, Saturday andSunday. His wife, who has been with""these relatives for a week, returnedthis evening.' Rev. Richard Wilkinson will deliver a lecture under the auspices ofAmity Lodge No. 40 F. and A. M.,Friday evening May 10. Place to beannounced later.Mrs. Ida Gibson, of New York,-will deliver a lecture in the interest- ofhe Red Cross work Thursday at3:00 p. m. at the M. M. I. Auditoii-uni Mrs. Gibson has just returned, froii France, and has had experience- in the trenches. Let everybody hearVher All members of the Red Crossiar 'urged to be present.The Annual Senior Reception oftheStf. C. was held in the parlor andlibrary of the building, Friday evening from, eight, to eleven p. m. Itwas in every respect fully up to theaverage. The receiving line was stationed in the parlor with Dr. Fisher,President of the College, at the head.The building was beautifully decorated with cut flowers and pot plants.Ices and cakes were served m thedining room. The music was rendered by a Lexington orchestra.Quite a number of visitors from ther surrounding towns were present.One of the most peculiar freaks- of the effect of lightning was discovered in the home of Mr. S. "M. Allen., Friday morning. The home is alarge mansion, covering considerable' space of ground. Mr. Allen and fam-' ily occupy rooms in the -south wingof .the building. Friday morning Mrs." Allen, entered the room in the north"wing of the buliding, which was oc. v,aupied by JMr. J. G. Allen, the father- of. Mr. S.' M. Allen, during his lifetime, and discovered that the windowcurtains, and a basket hanging nearthe curtains, had been almost com-ple.tely destroyed by fire, and the cur! tain pole partly burned. This wadone during the electrical storm onTuesday night. Traces of the lightning "was visible, where it had rundown the window. Nothing aboutthe room or .house ' was disturbed. There is no way of accountingftiir the fire not spreading except thatthe "room was closed.. yst fta Mi-HELBURN PRICE. 'A telegram to Mr. I. L. Price, ofPrice" & Co., of this city, from hisson, Mr. Lawrence Price, at Eiriinece, Sunday, staged that he 'hadbeen married there to Miss EstherHelburn, ' of that city. No furtherparticulars were given in the telegram. " .1 Announcement Mvas made in TH'iJNEWS some weeks ago of the engagement of Mr. Pries and Miss Helburn,and ,while no 'definite date was announced for the wedding, it was generally understood that it would bean event of the early summer.The bride is one of the most charming young women of her home town,and has frequently visited here,where she is well-known and admired. The groom is associated in theclothing business in this city withhis father. He is a young man ofsterling business qualities, and standshigh in business and fraternal circles. Mr. and Mrs. Price will returnto Paris after a short honeymoontrip to make thisv their home.Tuesday, April 9thOSaver Morosco Presentsakiva DKn15 uuuaiiIN.4!BENCKART SANTEN.The marriage of Mr. Bernard J.Santen, of Paris, to Miss Alice Elizabeth Benckart, of Lexington, was anearly morning event to-day at St.I'eter's Catholic church, in Lexington. The ceremony was performed atsix o'clock by Rev. Father WilliamPunch, pastor of the church, in thepresence of a large number of friendsand relatives of the popular youncouple. .The attendants at the weddina ere Mr. Henry Santen. 01 Pans, abrother of the groom, and Miss Margaret Benckart, of Lexington, sisterof the bride, who were lespectivelybest man and maid of honoi. Afterthe ceremony and receiving congratulations the wedding party left for ahoneymoon trip, their destinationbeing a secret. Upon their returnthey will go to housekeeping in ahandsome home on High street,which the groom recently purchasedfrom Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Taylor, whohave moved to Spencer county.Mr. Santen is a son of Mr. andMrs. Henry J. Santen, of Paris. Hehas for several years been connectedwith the First National Bank, inthis city, where he gained the esteemand appreciation of his employers bydevotion to business and his generalability and efficiency. The bridewho is one of the handsomest youngwomen in Lexington, is the daughter of Mrs. Richard Devore, of Lexington. THE NEWS again tenderscongratulations and best wishes."The Cook of Canyon. Camp"By Donald, Crisp. A Paramount Picture.The story of a chef in a lumbericamptwhosegreatest desire' was to own-;a ' "flapjackpalace. ; 'Also Pearl White .and Antonio Morenoin the second episode of. t ? ''-'"THE MOUSE OFJHATE'Wednesday, April 10thWallace Reid.in a great story of the brawny west'NAN OF MUSIC MOUNTAIN'By Frank H. Spearman. : A ParamountJ-:-Afsb HAROLD LLOYDva one-of the now famous'LUKE" COMEDIES. ' . ' ALSOPathe Weekly News No. 23.Thursday, April 11thClara Kimball Youngand her own company present"Shirley Kaye"Directe'd by 'Joseph Kaufman. Distributed'by Select-Ptctures Corporation.Also tht Fifth Episotft i -"Tlie Retrcatof the Germansat the Battle of Arras"At the Alamo Mrs. Ida McGIone Gibson at the Opera House. 'PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.BIRTHS.7 On Saturday, April 6, "LibertyLqa-n Day," a daughter was born tcthe household of Mr. Allie Rowland,city mail carrier. The mother wasformerly Miss -Mattie Miller, of Paris.To the wife of Mr. Ernest Earlywine, near Paris, a son, christened-Charles Wilson Earlywine. Themother was formerly 31iss NellieKicks.x 15S I fej.ilAIi-BOY SCALDED BY EXPLOSION OF STEAM PIPE.-'Dxjnald Crowe, call-boy in the L. &:N: service at this point, sustainedpornful injuries about the body Satmrday in the South Paris yards, byths explosion of a steam pipe.Young Crowe was assisting in removing a big steam pipe in the machine ,shoD, when the force of th"steam pressure released , the pipeThe escaping steam cauglit Croweseverely scalding him below thetjaees. He was removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,Tfltore hfe-Injuries received medicalattention.STEELE TANMETBRThe news of the marriage of Mis-.Louise "Steele, of Paris, to Mr. NelsonVanMeter, of Winchester, was received here with a great deal of interest by the many friends and relatives of both the bride and groomBoth are well-known and. very popular in social .circles in this city.The marriage was solmenized inNew Orleans on March 25. The'bride and her aunt, Miss Mary Woodford, have been spending the winterin New Orleans. The groom, who isa Sergeant in the U. S. Army service,stationed at Morristown, Virginia.,came to New Orleans on a furlough.and while there the marriage wassolemnized in the presence of a number of relatives and intimate friendsof both parties.After the ceremony Mrs. VanMetei .j accompanied by -her aunt, MissWoodford, returned to Kentucky, andSergt. VanMeter returned to his armyduties at Morristown. Mis. VanMeter will for the present, make herhome with her uncle, Mr. J. Hali Woodford, on Winchester stieet, inParis.The bride is a charming young woman of 'many gracious social qualities and a favorite with all whoknow her. She i3 a daughter of Mr.Wallace Steele, of Lexington, and aniece of Mr. O. L. Steele, of Lexington. Sergt. VanMeter is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Prewitt VanMeter, of Winchester and Lexington, and a nephew of Mr. Soloman VanMeter, of Lexington, and a brother of Mr. Willi1'VanMeter, who is a member of theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40, now at Carnp Taylor.A New Spring HatMsItr ... iFor25 CentsDEATHS.CARMODY.Mrs. Anna Lancaster, of Paris,received a telegram from Ft, Bayard,New Mexico, Friday, telling of thedeath, there of her cousin, Mr. PhilipCarmody, of Indianapolis. The telegram gave no particulars.Mr. Carmody had been in poorhealth for several months, and hadsought relief in the warm, climate ofArizona. He had visited at the homeof Mrs. Lancaster, in Paris, on several occasions, and was well-knownhere, where he was highly esteemedfor his geniality and pleasing person -allty.'flfcYod can color your straw hatJfrSih and dainty withCULORITElIn most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match aew'dress.,Gt a bottle to-day. We have- U colors.k$&SiiappDrugCo.JWe46.41SXtuiftSTATE RACING COMMISSIONHOLDS.MEETING.Mr. T. Hart Talbott, of Paris, ViceChairman of the State Racing Commission, attended a meeting of that"body, held in Lexington, Saturday.In addition to alloting dates forspring meetings to the licensed Kentucky tracks, other important matters in the way of appointment ofofficers and jockey's and trainers'licenses were disposed of. The entire commission was present, withChairman Johnson N. Camden, ofVersailles, presiding.- The $300,000 Hed Cross Fundpromised last fall by the Racing Conmission was apportioned s follows:Licensed racing associations, $160,000; horse owners, $75,000; breeders, $40,000; trainers, jockeys andracing associations, employes, $25,000. The Commission! also adopteda motion,.to purchase- $5,000 of theTAira xdoeuy toan Bonds,HEAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. William Smith, of the county,bought the frame cottage belongingto Mr. John Richards, located inWhite Addition for $1,300. Mr. Richards will move to the place on theClintonville pike, which he recentlypurchased, as soon as the new hon'ei& completed.Mr. Carl Long, who recently moved from this county to NicholasCounty, sold his farm of 231 acres,located on Somerset Crek, to- Mr. R.L.s Brown, of Sharpsburg,. for $33,000. Mr. Long bought the farmin February from Jas. R. Sosby for$28,000,-Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Brown soldtheir. cottage located at No. 150 JMain street, to Mrs. Jos. Dejarnette,for $3,000. Mrs. Dejarnette willmove from the present home nearHutchison to the Paris home somotime in May. Mr. and Mrs. Brownhave moved to Macon, Georgia, to reside.' Mr. Ben F. Buckley, formerly ofBourbon county, sold his 230-acrcfarm in Woodford county to Mr. BenM. Hiatt, of Versailles, for $46,000.Mr. Buckley disposed of his livestock,farm implements, etc., at public sale.He still owns two nice farms on theHawkins and Cummins pike nearCenterville. He will probably moveto Lexington to reside.The sale of the fifteen pieces ofcity property belonging to Mr. Jame.3McClure, of the First National Bank,which was conducted Saturday afternoon by the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, attracted a largecrowd. The sales were cried by Auctioneers-GeorgeD. Speakes and M. F.Kenney. The prices obtained for thevarious pieces of property offered aresaid to have been very good ones.The sale began on Broadwaywhere the three brick houses in thelear of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank were offered. The property waswas finally purchased by Mr. D. Y. L.Farley, at $6,000. Following thisbale the crowd was taken in autosand auto trucks to Washingtonstreet and Scott Avenue, where several small rent cottages were placed"under the hammer. One was sold toMr. R. B. Hutchcraft for $512.50 andanother to Dr. L. Oberdorfer for$455. The cottage on Scott Avenuewas purchased by Wm. Edgington,for -$1,525. Mr. Henry A. Powerpui chased the house and lot on ScottAvenue for $805. A vacant lot onScott Avenue was sold to Mr. D. T.L. Farley for $145, while the lot adjoining was sold to Dr. W. R. Franklin for $150. D. Y. L. Farley purchased the two-story frame house onScott Avenue, at present occupied byMr. Henry J. Santen and family, for$2,950. James H. Haggard boughtthe house and lot on Vine street for$1,225. Another house and lot onthe same street was sold to Mr. D. .L. Farley for $1,125; another on thesame street to Dr. L. Oberdorfer, for?yoU. L.ee ueaver purcnasea a vacant lot on Vine street extension,near the site of the Paris ElectiicCo.'s plant, for $135.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold infront of the court house door Saturday for Master Commissioner q ipHinton, two acres of unimpioved landnear Hutchison, to Mr. Ira Thompsonfor $495.The farm near Millersburg, belonging to Mr. John Leer, which changed hands twice in the past week, hasbeen again sold, this time Clarke 8zMoffett, of Millersburg, being thepurchasers at $53,750. Each tinrethe sale of the farm has netted theseller a nice profit.LAYMEN MAKE FURTHER PLANS'FOR SUMMER4At a recent meeting of the laymenof the Paris Protestant churches, heldat the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,in this city, plans were further perfected for the laymen's movement inaugurated at a previous meeting heldin the same place. The plan embraces a scope of work for the coming summer, in which it is hopedto interest every young and middleaged man in Bourbon county, to theend that a more general interest inthe welfare of the church may behad throughout the county.The plan was stated in its generaloutlines by Rev. F. M. Tinder and L.D. Mitchell, of North Middletow.i,Air. A. L. Boatright and Z. L. Wilcox, of Pans. Short addresses werealso made .made along similar line?by Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of thePans Methodist church, and Rev. R.C. Goldsmith, pastor of the ParisBaptist church.Those present who enlisted for active work in the movement were.J. W. Brown, A. L. Burley, C. P.Cook, G. R. Combs, W. O. Hinton,Prof. T. A. Hendricks, H. G. Kiser,L. D. Mitchell, R. C. Goldsmith, H.A. Power, J. W. Payne, L. A. Soper,Newton L. Shiopshire, F. W. Tinder,W. T. Talbott, J. T. Tucker, LewisGray, Chas. R. White, J. R. Wallingford, T. K. Smith, A. L. Boatright, Z.L. Wilcox. Walter Meng, AD. Y. L. Farley and Jas. W,GRAND RALLY OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR. A grand rally of the ChristianEndeavor Societies of Central Kentucky will be held at the Y. M. C. A.Auditorium on Friday night at 8 p.m. Quite an interesting program hasbeen arranged and a very-large delegation from the surrounding townsis expected.The principal speaker of the evening will be Rev. Carl Agee, formerly)of Bourbon county. A quartetteiuiujuocu jl iuios OdUie ViS.t!i, 1YJ.I5SAnna Rash and Messrs. C. E. Martinand Alga- Wells will render severalmusical selections. Miss Allge BerryCampbell, of Union City, Tenn., aleader 4bf some note, will render aplaylette entitled "Miss Civilzation."Mr. Charles F. Evans, Field Secretary of the Kentucky C. E. Union,will also deliver an addressAlso the Boy Scouts will give anexhibition drill. No admission willbe charged and the public is cordiallyinvited to be present.NEW TRACTION AGENTSweden has taken the occasionto land troops on the Aland islands,and we suppose Russia will' never seethem again.Mr. Jos. E. Bonfield, Jr., who liasfor many months been the capableand efficient local agent" for the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Company,operating the Paris-Lexington interurban line, has resigned his position,to accept a place in the Auditor'soffice of the Company at Lexington,.Mr. Bonfield is succeeded here aaSandeis, I agent by Mr. S. E. Borland, who hasTinder, been m the wall paper and paintbusiness in Paris for years.During his incumbency of the officeMr. Bonfield by his uniform courtesyand genial manners, made a host offriends, who wish him great successIn his new position.AutoService !Haulinsof All KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too big or bulky for usto handle.Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready attimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.allRATES MODERATE.T. G. MorrisB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts1 m nFIRE DAMAGES COTTAGE;A frame cottageon Second streetrnear-Ruckerville, ownedand occupiedby Anna Hodge, caught flie from adefective flue .Friday, causing analarm from Box 13- Though the residence was located just outside thecity limits the fire department respondedr and by quick use of thechemical engine saved the householdeffects. The cottage was damagedabout $200.v m mFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.INSURANCE PAID.A draft for $3,000, .-being theamount of a life insurance policycarried by the late Mr. Carl Weathers, in the Modern Woodmen ofAmerica, has been delivered to Mrs.Alice Weathers, in Lexington, by Mr.H. C. Henson; of Paris, District Deputy of the order., Mr. Weathers wasa son, of Mrs. Alice Weathers. His1death, occurred- LexingtoiTrecentl r.ifcWVU'HELP WIN THE WAR! BUY LIBERTY BONDS!nificent AssortmentofHighGradeSHOES, OXFORDS, PUMPSFOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILYAt Prices You Can't Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.A Fortunate Cash Purchase ofHigh Grade FootwearAgain Spells"Good Fortune" for YouCome in to see fashion'slatest and you will beamazed at the big savings.VJ--ZSa&fee-Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and SlippersAT LOWEST PRICES.DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign II9S'!.,' .';&lfc-.iA 7r-fc