J -.-1HrX-',- ' y3 ..-h-.t -jBffc w;W . IE V9B ' Ii J &j!PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY N THE YEAR.VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, MIS. uMKfTHEat--, vs?-4BIcwPkBPmv 1L . ' r- iv-UMn-ABlHI II Itfiil 1M - ML IMIa ' Ji't'ni ' hw 7III aVVTiI'XCARNIVAL WOMAN'S REVOLVERITNBS TARGET IN RAILROAD MAN.A message from Massie Hospital at10 o'clock last night said that Parser had just died.As the result of an encounterwhich took" place Saturday night inthe closing hours of the engagementof a "carnival company" in this city,Neal Parker, an L. & N. railroadman, was shot through, the rightlung, and once in the abdomen. Thegun-user was Mrs. Pauline Fleeman,one of the women connected withthe carnival company.Conflicting stories have gained circulation as to the cause o- thetrouble which resulted in the shooting, but it seems to be a well-authenticatedone that Parker, while intoxicated, visited the carnival grounds,where his son was employed by theFleeman woman, who was opreatingwhat is called in carnival show parlance "a cat-rack," at which balls arethrown at targets formed in the shapeof felines. Parker charged the Fleeman woman with ieading the boyaway, which she stoutly denied, andclaimed that he sought employmentwith her on his own initiative, andthat she employed him becausa sheneeded help at the time. Parker, it Iis alleged, became very-abusive, andapplied several harsh names to thewoman, ending by seizing several ofthe bails and throwing thenr at her.Eye witnesses go further and statethat Parker slapped the woman, tore;a ring frqm her finger and finallyknocked her down. Upon rising fromthe ground, Mrs. Fleeman grasped arevolver which, was laying fclose tothe cash-box on a stand near at hand,and fired twice at Parker, the firstshot striking him in the rightbreast, penetrating the lung, thesecond taking effect in his abdomen, Iabout -an inch to the right of thenavel.Although desperately wounded,Parker ran to his home, near the-carnival grounds, a short distanceaway, and soon returned with 'a re-awy, "u auuu iCi - p.-volver. Tne ieeman woman-tu HW'lch he waa arrested.meantime naa secretea uersen. uchind a tent in the vicinity, and whenParker returned he mistook anotherwoman for his intended target andfired three shots at her. The training-she had received after years of lifeon the plains of the West saved thewoman's life, as, seeing Parker s intentions she dropped flat on theground behind a box and crawled tosafety, while the shots passed harmlessly over her.The shooting broke up the proceedings on- the carnival grounds,which were filled with men, womenand children. The riders on themerry-go-round hastily tumbledfrom their steeds and sought safetyin flight, while the screams of women and children filled the air. Thepolice were notified and went to theMitchell boarding house, where thecompany had been staying, and placed Mrs. Fleeman, who had gone thereafter the shooting, under arrest. Thewounded man was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where -he wasgiven attention by physicians whohad been hurriedly summoned. Mrs.Fleeman was taken to the jail, whereshe was placed to await the outcomeof Parker's injuries. Efforts of mem--"bersof the carnival company tohave the examining trial held yesterday were refused by County Attorney D. D. Cline, who refused to sanction it on account of the uncertaintyof Parker's condition..Parker has been with the Louisville & Nashville for a number ofyears as section foreman, being latelyin charge of the section near theTenth street passenger station. Hehas a wife and several children. Toone of the attendants at the jailMrs. Fleeman stated that she hadspent several years on a ranch as, acowgirl, where she had become familiar with the use of firearms. Shewould not discuss the shooting inany of its details.'iai m ibEARM FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. Th place contains556 acres and is located near EwalfsCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky. ' (6-tf)m br .mFINANCIAL MEN WANT OUR CITYBONDS.Following the recent publicationin THE NEWS of the sale of $20,00 0"worth of sewer bonds lor the city oParis City Clerk Hayden received re-plies from over thirty financial firmsin different money centers, makinginquiries as to the "bonds. This istaken as an evidence of the -stabilityof Paris' financial 4 condition and asjdeath of nis fer, the l Railroadshowiag theae financiers nad greatfaith in the ability of the city to redeem its pledges, oesides offeringthem a good Investment! Many othernearby cities have been, unable, to !nspose or their city Donas, inefinanciers evidently preferring financially soffd cities like Paris Tor, theirinvestments 4 . :r':fcrc-HOWARD'S CASE UNDER ADVISEMENT IN COVINGTON.In the United States Court at Covington, Friday, Rolla H. Howard, ofParis, who was recently arrestedhere on a charge of obstructing1 the operations of the draftact, was given a 'hearing beforeJudge A. M. Cochran.Howard appeared in Court to answer the charge of a violation of theespionage act. He requested to beallowed to plead guilty to the chargeof impersonating a Federal officer.Former County Clerk A. E. B. Stevens, of Hamilton county, O., addressed the .Court in Howard's behalf.Judge Cochran took the case underadvisement and said he would consider all the facts. Howard hadbeen indicted by the special GrandJury.Howard was arrested here after itis alleged he endeavored to obtainmoney from Russell Day, a draftee,under promise to have him placed ina deferred classification, by representing himself to be a Federal officer. A trapwas laid which resulted in Howard's arrest. Howardclaims Ludlow, Ky., as his home.He is well-known in Covington,where he was employed for many Jyears as a barber.Since Howard's arrest rumorshave connected him with a numberof shady transactions, in whichParis and Bourbon county peoplewere victims. One apparently authentic rumor stated that he .hadbunkoed a Hutchison Station farmerout of $1,400 by a smooth-talk game,and that he had also purchased onthe "talk-talk" plan a fine automobile from a local dealer, and haddisposed of it for a ash. y,alue.Other rumors coming from seeijdngly good sources, were to the effectthat he had ingratiated himself intothe good graces of several Parisbusiness men, from whom he obtained several sums of money. Coupled,with these rumors was a statementto the effect that Howard had arranged a costly "chicken supper" for-several city officialswhich event hadbeen scheduled for thenight onWhatever portion of truth or untruth there may be as foundationfor the stories, the 'fact remains thatHoward was playing the part of asmooth citizen during his residencehere.SACKS TOR RENT OR SALEWheat -sacks for rent or sale.Wanted Barn cured clover hay,rye or barley.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(13-4t)PAIGE .AND .BRISCOEBILES.AUT0M0-Special features of the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstrations,(tf) F. P. WJHTE, Agent.A DAM PROPOSITION SETTLED.It now looks like a new dam acrossStoner Creek will be built in thenear future. A question that haslong been discussed ' between theParis Milling Co., the L. & N. Co.,the Paris Water Company and thecity of Paris, has about reached asatisfactory settlement.Representatives of the city andithe other concerns met at the officeof the Mayor yesterday morning andpractically completed all arrangements for the proposed new improvement. The proposed new dam is to bebuilt of-concrete and will be locatedjust below the present old dilapidateed concern that has failed to performits requirements for the past severalyears.A proposition was made to therailroad company to construct thenew dam, for which they are to receive 10 per; cent, above the cost ofthe work, the Milling Company andthe Water Company to bear the expense. Supt. J. A. Morrison and attorney E. M.Dickson will submit theproposition to the higher officials ofthe railroad for their approval andwork is to start immediately afterthe O. K. of same has been received.It is -understood that the proposition is agreeable toall parties concerned, und "the dam question' itis hoped, will be settled for all-time,when the L. & ,N. gives its officialconsent to the proposed project. .The city was represented at- tneLonfereI1c by Mayor January, Coun-oilmen "Veach and Kiser,, and CityAttorney Denia Dundon and Attorney J. J- Williams, Chairman Merrin-hainor nhconf. nn app.nilTlt nf theCompany by Attorney Dickson andMr. J. A. Morrison, the Water Company by Supt. Ttfewt. Mitchell.pi jb mBATHING SUITSBathingSuits rom 75c up. -,''TWIN. BROTHERS''f-tto " . fDepartmeatSt6re.SARATOGA SALE OF HANCOCKHORSES BRINGS BIG PRICESTwenty-six yearlings, the property of A. B. Hancock, master, of Claiborne Stud, near, Paris, Ify.f andEllerslie Stud in Virginia, were soldat Saratoga Springs, near New York,Friday, fflr a total .of $64,300, Junetaverage of $2,473. Three otherslisted in the consignment, two theJ property of Captain Walker, swelledthe total by $16000, making a .grandtotal of ?80,300 for the 29 .youngsters, completing the Hancock catalogue. The star of the sale was the blackcolt by the English sire Black Jester, out of imported primula. Hispresence in the , ring developed aspirited bidding tilt between Commander J. K. L. Ross and S. D. Riddle. The latter retired after bidding? 14,100. Commander Ross raisingthis bid $400 and securing him for114,500.The second highest priced colt, achestnut ?son of Celtr-Network, abrother of Embroidery, -went to Jas.iW. McClelland for $10,000. iThe chestnut colt by Celt Ballet'Girl, half brother to Edward B. Mc-iLean's crack The Porter, was secured by Commodore Ross for $9,000.'The sale was attended by one of themost representative audiences thathas been in evidence at a yearling!sale in years. The Hancock con-;signment were la likely-looking lot,and the lowest-priced one realized.?550.PAIGEAND BRISCOE AUT0M0-'BILES.Special features on the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstration,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.GOOD PBICES EEAUZED AT DUR0C HOG SALES.At the midsummer sales of DurocJe'rsey hogs, held at Mayfleld Farm,near Lexington, was sold fifty headfor $11,005, an average of approximately $222 a head, and MoKeeBros., Forest Home Farm, Versailles,Ky., sold 48 head for $9,480, an average of $200a, head. "The attendance 'and spirited o!3fding at both sales was indicative8 ofthe popularity of Durocs, and Mayfield Farm and McKee Bros, herds.Three March boar hogs, not cataloged, were sold, to W. R. Markwell,Versailles, D. A. Richardson, Munfordsville, and E. V. Snell, Paris, for$261..Fwe kSg W "H0 w Iill ' IIIPalm. Beach andKool Rloth SuitsFor Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach ClothThe kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, notthe cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out beforethe season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is thebest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00Kool KlothA light summer cloth with a little more weight than j?almBeach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50 to $25.00Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. SilkShirts, $5.00 to $1 0.00:: Many fancy .aad. stylish patterns, solid colors and fancy'Straw' HatsMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton Shoes,v t Dr."Red, Cushion Sole Shoes ;aIAS1X1HELD TO THE GRAND-JURY ON. . . CUTTING CHARGE. ,wtih Q Qnlr arw, ll , ' . ., 5 IN THE SERVICE OF '1'HKIH.wtih his neck and throat swathed rnmrrrvin bandages Albert Bush, a Millers,-1 wua11, -, Jburg colored man, appeared la theL . A . A A . . . . A A A ACounty Court before Judge Batter-l, tton, Friday, as chief witness against! Fielding Rogers, came "home fromAlbert -Secrest, another colored man J Camp Zachary Taylor, Saturday forfrom, the same town. Secrest and 'a furlonerh visit tn roTflcBusn became involved in an altercation, in the course of which Secrest inflicted several ugly gashes inBush's neck and throat, which required several stitches to close.After hearing the testimony proand con, and examining a number ofcharacter witnesses for both sides.1 Judge Batterton held Secrest toanswer before the Grand Jury at thenext term 'of the Bourbon CircuitCourt 'on a charge of malicious cutting and wounding. He was remanded to jail, being unable to furnishbond.fe fcsi ftiHELP THIS RECRUITING.The American Red Cross and theCouncil of National Defense, throughthe Nursing and Woman's Committeeare untiring in their forces to conductan immediate, short and intensivecampaign to enroll a United StatesStudent Nurse Reserve for trainingschools in both army and civilianhospitals in order that every vacancyshall be filled.The most vital work in this campaign is the actual recruiting and thiscannot be done in Washington. Thisimportant task has been delegatedto the State Divisions and Countyand Local Units of the Woman'sCommittee of the Local Council ofNational Defense.The campaign opened on Monday.Recruiting stations will be provided through the Woman's Committeeof the Council of National Defense inthis community.It Is probable that the chapters ofthe American Red Cross will be calledupon to co-operate in the local activities. The campaign has not yet startedin this city and county, and seemsto be waiting on some one taking theinitiative. 'No registration cardshave been received and no definiteplans for promoting a local campaignfhave T)een. formed, or at least madepublic yet. l ,May we urge that you do every-1thing possible to make the campaigna success and that you refer thosemaking inquiry in regard to admission to the training schools to the recruiting station in this communityfor information and blank forms.t--stripes! ?and PanamasIing to the camp yesterday.a wtw... .j, t&vutuDr. J. T. Vansant received information Saturday from his son, Sergt.Maj. Edgar Vansant, that he hadbeen given command of a squad ofeighty soldiers to be transferred fromCamp Jackson, near Columbia, S. C,to Camp Zachary Taylor. Sergt.-Ma-jorVansant is with the Tenth Battalion of the Field Artillery.A card from one of the Bourbonboys who left Paris some time, ago!for Camp Zachary Taylor, says:"We are en route to Camp Sheridan,Alabama. Darned sorry they did notsend us over the L. & N. so that wecould see 'the old home town' again.All feel fit to kill the Kaiser. Regards to all from Bourbon county'sfighting 'twenty-one draf tees."Sergt. Robert Sims, formerly ofParis, writes his step-mother, Mrs?Rebecca Freeman Sims, of Paris,that he has landed safely at a FrenchJ port.Sergt. Sims is a member ofCo. D., 32d U. S. Engineers. Hesaid all his company were in the bestof health and physically fit to copewith any other body of men inEurope.After spending four months in anarmy hospital as the result of injuries sustained from being kickedby an army "mule," Corp. VanceHuffman is improving to such an extent that he will soon be able tostand the physical strain of a visit.He writes to Paris friends from theconvalescent hospital at Camp Sheridan, Ala., that he hopes to come toParis very soon on a firrlough- -Sherman R. SnappV formerly ofParis, who is an attache of the Headquarters Company at Camp Lewis, inWashington, where he is InterviewClerk, writes to Paris relatives that"this s the coldest climate to becalled, summer" he has ever experienced, and wants to know If it is hotin Kentucky. Mr. Snapp had a highcolored time last week, his task being to assist in "interviewing" 3,500.colored men. i?? 1?. ,To have three sons in the serviceof Uncle Sam and to be proud ofeach one is the boast of Mrs. JanieSteele, colored, of Paris. One of thesons, Dan Steele, who was for manyyears in the employ of Cahal Bros.,came in Sunday on a six-days' furlough visit. He is now a full-fledgedseaman on the U. S. S. Kearsage, stationed on the Atlantic coast. Another son, Will Stanley, is now inFrance,' and another is at' CampSherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio."The misfits" have landed safelyat theii: destination, Vancouver Cantonment, Vancouver, Washington, according to a postcard .received byTHE NEWS Sunday from Ireland"Bit" Davis. .The card stated thathe and his companions in miseryhas arrived safely at Vancouver after a wonderful, hot, dry and dustytrip across the continent. "Bit's"first request was to have THE NEWSsent to him regularly, thereby evincing a discriminating taste in his selection of literature.In notifying THE NEWS of histransfer from Co. D. to Co. L. in theaviation service at Great Lakes, Jo.Davis, Jr., of Paris, states that thecamp is a veritable sea or activity,with everybody getting intogoodJtrim for hard work. Mr. Davisoffers suffering Paris people the consolation of writing in regard toweather that the weather there hasbeen fine, having had but two reallyhot days. In the past few days theweather has been cool, witn a delightfully cool breeze coming fromthe lake.' Mr. Davis says, in conclusion, "If those dandy "Americans,French, British, Australians, Canadians, and all those splendid fighters continue to put the Broches onthe run, we may soon' be sent home,so we can 'hear all the news at firsthand."' Louis' J. Grosche, forme'rly ofParis, who is 'with the AmericanExpeditionary Tore in"'France as amember of the Railway Signal Corpsand Engineering Corps, sends hisbrother;1 JJos. J. Grosche, of Paris, acopy of "'The Stars and ' Stripes."This is the official paper publishedin Paris, France, by the AmericanExpeditionary Forces and authorized-by the Commander-in-Chief of theA'. E. F. The paper is an eight-pagepublication, filled to the brim with,news from the "battlefronts, and containing several columns of "hits" atlocal men and happenings. The Stars'qti1 QtrJnoa ia TuthHshfwl AvfcrV "Fri-I'daV hy. and f6rthe"inen of the A.i:-:iX?;E. 3frnr ptorftsr to; acciire to taVstitePREPARING FOR NEWDRAFT REGULATIONSJudge C. A. McMillan, Chainmaof the Bourbon County Board of, Exemption, received a letter yeateriayfrom headquarters of the selectivedraft service, ordering him to prepare for the contemplated raisimtrof a new army of draft men umirthe call for men of ages 18 to 4S.The letter stated that the Bill,which would be presented to Congress upon reassembling of that body,would undoubtedly be enacted intolaw, and aYise4 him to bi,Teiyby appointing registrars to attwid tothe business of registering men. torthe service.NThe letter gave Sejt. v5 as tkprobable date for the registration,and stated that all men physicallyfit, between the ages of if andl,and 31 and 45, will be eligible forthe service. As the Bourbon CountyBoard has always been one of themost efficient, in the State, JudgaMcMillan immediately prepared thmfollowing list of registrars, who winbe expected to act at the votimbooths in their respective precincts:Paris No. 1 W. H. Webb, NewtomMitchell; Paris No. 2 Thos. W.Allen, David D. Cline; Paris Xow 3Denis Dundon, R. P. Dow; Paris No.4 William Grannan, O. T. Hinton;Paris No. 5 John F. McCarthy, M.Peale Collier; Paris No. 6 GeorgBatterton, C. K. Thomas; Millersburg No. 1 W. D. Mclntyre, R. S.McDaniel; Millersburg No. 2 T. P.Wadell, C. W. Corrington; FlatRock No. 1 S. R. Burris, HoustomCrouch; Flat Rock No. 2 Jas. TuDodge, Wm. P. Wornall; North Middletown No. 1 John W. Jones, DavisPatrick; North Middletown No. 2Ben Woodford, Sr., Ben Woodford,Jr.; Clintonville No. 1 A. S.Thompson, George Dawson; Clintonville No. 2 John Woodford, J.Frank Clay; Hutchison No. 1 Robt.Meteer, John Wiggins; Hutchison"No. 2 Forrest Letton, Wm. B. Ardery; Centerville No. 1 G. R. Burberry, V. W. Ferguson; CentervilleNo. 2 J. Miller Ward, John Clay;Ruddles Mills No. 1 Walter, Tte,George Wyatt, Jr.; Ruddles Mills No.2 Wm. G. Talbott, W. Steele Marsh.R ) m rBEAUTUb'UL PATTERNS IN GUIOHAMS, PmCESQUAtLTAS ATTRACTIVE, l &rSee our line of ginghams at Sfrand 35 cents per yard. Some beautiful patterns. Compare our 'priceswith others before buying. We willappreciate your business.PARIS RACKET STORE.13aug-3t) .Pa M bsi ' ' 'H vDONATION TO ORPHANS' H0MKIn the "Superintendents Column"in the last issue of the Masonic HomeJournal, published at the MasonicHome, in Louisville, appears the following: "I desire to thank Shawhan LodgeNo. 716, located at Shawhan, - Bon-boncounty, Ky., for the $100 theysent us a few days ago. This lodge 1scomposed of good men, true Masons,and they are loyal friends of OurHome. In fact, it is one of the moatsubstantial lodges in Kentucky.. Bro.Past Grand Master Joe H. Ewalt, isthe Treasurer of this splendid lodged"scribers' company fund. The papr"isprinted in clear bold type and is essentially a well-edited and wellprinted publication.Five applications for enlistmentwere received for the naval serviceat the naval recruiting office in Lexington, Saturday. One of the applicants was Charles Robertson, color-ed- of Paris, who enlisted as a messattendant.Ben Leach arrived last night fromPortsmouth, NH., on a nine-days"furlough. He is on the battleship,Montana, one of Uucle Sam's goodships that sees the transports safelylanded in France. Ben has just returned from "over there," and 'saysthe U-boats has no terror for aimand his ship-mates. . iSergt. Harry Barlow and Cory.Allen Huddleston, BdUrbon countyboys, were at horns from Saturdayevening to last night, on furloughfrom Camp Zachary Taylor and tneartillery practice, range at WestPoint, Ky. They say everybody' ikthe camp is getting ready to he$win the war, and- that Bouxfrocounty boys are everywhere fn evidence. . ' i. "Instead of waiting for the olcIalcall that' would' eventually takejdrfsjtoverseas, Forrest Day, of Paris, whilein Covington as 'a witness in the .caseOf Rolla H. Howard, went to.. FortThomas, where he enlisted aad reported for duty. Day was given tiiaeto "return to Paris and-arrange hisbusiness affairs." Hiwasjiere fromSaturday to Momday attired in" Uie.kkaki, returming to Ft TJtomas laetnika-t ; -.Vh 3ji-iSf-"raegWajkrJBB-.TiTfi'i--5Vv ,TVTT ' i il piw. tHf.R1,,i,5KTWtTHE BOURBON NBWB, PARK,-Iffi BOURBON Nfl?UlttKshc 188136 Years of Coktuuuras PublicationXMUished Every Tuesday and Friday&mt Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adarance.WfFT CHAMP, EdlUr and Owner.Amj erroneous rejection upon the4lMM0tert standing or reputation ot""mf ewn firm or corporation which. aF appear in the columns of THEMmmOBJBOfH NEWS will be gladly cor-iiaii tf brought to attention of theitADVERTISING RATES' Wisttoy, Advertisements, $1.00 pertSKft'frt frst time; 50 cents per inchaeM'SUbsequent insertion.fittadmg Notices, 10 cents per linemd. issue; reading notices in blackm, 20 cents per line, each issue.7Qps of, thanks, calls on candi-"':!&, bltuaries'rand -resolutions, and-wSyifatfl matter, 10 cents per line.'BjfHTn1r fnlrn for : large advertisec mmmte and yearly contracts.Xfce, rightrof ; publisher 'is reservedtfi4icKne any advertisement or othert&asctfcer for publication.''Amsouncements for political officesswwrt invariably be accompanied byVfes'cash.- This nanprfias pnlistedmththc government mthecajse of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS......fe's enVinlffoftheeather RED tegMKiolrafff$ much fioDe'of'early re-fef.ij3)diit,!the 6nf Htffe, ik fact,Mea iir the- nossible utilization of'-...... -I .. , ..- .--g5. . -.MMa- -vi-..T - -hik jrasnv ,.. NMnw um -. ivaviOJEAFmSK VIST, NOT PLAUT MATWBLtL jJLOX BEST the3ke anexeraonrTTrttTiif3 ! TOWC. L few iTaack :aHIHIl IIM I ! t l t-i "1L-"k' V.. - V lf ifBB -JM',s t2iS3 x -i . . ar or -" -nrniiVira'ADo 2& ura .i . km f"vj n iuiuhMxi wau uatlo- . HUk t V --... .UOlW::'i5Ut.TTJ1DAY, AUCWF IX nil.itSzp:"jaleather-supply sources hitherto neglected. i' Which has given rise to the query:Why not skin the pigs before makingthem, into bacon?There is an old-fashioned idea thatbacon and ham could not be cured.propeny witnoui me uuu uu, uui,TheVTAk'DiYisioliiViwsjlubtfsheS' at Cleveland, Ohio; in the interest otAmerican Red Cross Society,thesends out the following warning toRed Cross Chapters:"From National Headquarters andalso from superintendents of 'inspection in the Jake Division of the Red,Cross, we have received reports thatthe socks are coming in short in thei I..science has discounted it; and the ex- foot and of uneven lengtn.igencies of these times may work to j "We therefore, ask the chapters tobanish it entirely. It-is an erroneous ' accept nothing less than a 10 fot-. X "f 01 r l r r 1 Ajust as is the idea- which is sizes iu! w "72 4C apvyvw.one,to 12 arekept alive only by custom that the , On account of: greater comfort for theporker must hang in the market , "eJ anQ aiao :"7JIL i vv,7rvt . . . . . ..- . . ,,.,,'sock, we are encouraging hand knitstripped of his bristles, but not his . . ', . , t uiu&. ftmuePigskin's value for a number ofDumoses is well recognized. And it'We would recommend to thechapters having machines, that they-avTacutEJiviiat WeakerPreparations Sell For A SpoonfulIn a Glass of Water a Dose.The absolute proof that medicinaliron would help the blood andstrengthen people wonderfully hascaused many chemists to perfectmore or less efficient iron tonics andmore or less efficient tablets.For most -people, however, the writer woujd say that just plain highlyconcentrated Acid Iron Mineral isof the .harvest (teir tasks withriotic enthusiasm.3?his? was reportel'Sby the y Federalfarm help specialist nr Kentucky atthe Department of Agriculture's recent harvest labor conferences inBirmingham, Ala.Ranis For Sale!Several choice yearling SouthdownFor RentModern cottage of six rooms'bath; gas; electric lights; garage'next to Twelfth and High streets 'DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142(28-tf)Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearbetter, far cheaper and atrrm roi aa L.nc . oniA -, ... -r,r;nn- o .'... ' tourDonmp fmm fmn x iJ7r ""T-"0.- " rT w" oai " 13 " "i"" ' county, privilege to seed thisaiso a pure-Drea i'oiieu Angus duu. None butA. S. THOMPSON,. . Paris, Ky.(6-2t) Both Phones.goes from two to six times as far.A bottle of Acid Iron Mineral, kepthandy and a teaspoonful poured In aglass of drinking water after meals,makes a delightful, ver- unusuaL andhighly- b'eneac'ial tonic and strengthened apd if ;the blood needs enrichingand purifying it would be hard.' touna -anytnmg tnat does it better pr.1 -. i i r' 4.t, inM . il. r"-U I VI He VlO arcnrn i rf i1inWntlnm o'is employed to a limited extent, but Knit u menesw tuc xc5 uu um :' "'i:"r- ..."rJ"m,:BU1 7 .. . . t, .-,, - phinp. ann tnen turn over tne socb.s -" "-i.- h"""- i." juooi,a ffni.TieJ hv hand. Tia mftttfod Plain concentrated Acid Iron Mineral,seeking ways to utilize it in theirbusiness, and doubtless they wouldemploy great quantities of it in placeof cowhide and calfskin but for itsscarcity.-nrVtirkVi in ! mjvm. ...-. I.L.12will insure an inch of knitting before "71 "ttmc 1U1 UUB-,UCUflnuBt-s 3 4-Vn-n npn ntror Va ennVc I KlnClInot as a stable leather. Shoe manu- " TklrCJZ Plainfacturers, however, are said to ben ix i ii..: Icommencing me ueei. It also ha3 a beneflcial effect upon"We would also caution against ; appetite and digestion, and the kidth minted toe. Socks should never .I?!.80011 tr ffects- . .ll wnrp- l a-i.ivi nnoa -nnr snt oa qlaxative and should one be needed tobeThat swine could be made a poten- jtial supply of leather is indicated bythe United States Department of Agriculture's estimate that there areupwards of 70,000,000 of these animals on American, farms to-day. Yetthe output of pigskin leather is negligible. Federal statistics show thatat only seven of the principal stockyards of the country last year morethan 22,0000,000 hogs were marketed. Yet all of that pigskin waswasted.Socks should neverclosed at the toe with less thanZU smenes on iue iwu ueeuies. x-u i stimulate the liver nr hnwels a trnnHplacing the label on socks, cuff of laxative tablet like A-I-M Liver Pillssock should be stretched before sew-f is recommended. (adv-T-tf)ing in label."We may have passed the days ofbock beer, but the latest substitutefor lager carries a buffalo bull for atrademark. We always seem to bepassing the buck or throwing the'bull.vCITY MEN GOOD FARM WORKERSFor Immediate SaleMy three frame cottages locatedon Pleasant street, between Eleventhand Twelfth streets. These housescontain four rooms, hall, pantry,front' and back porches, gas and electric lights. City water at door.Good cistern with each house.MRS. E. C. KELLER,(2 6-5 1) 1102 Main Street.Use of city men as farm workersin emergency seasons has demonstrated not only that many men employedin cities and towns were reared onfarms and are skilled in harvest labor, but also that city men can standIN FLANDERS FIELD.a -Some Timely Dont's.1 Don't slacken up in your work.Don't get the idea the Red CrossMwilHiave an over supply of the'needcki rticles."Don't natter yourself that this"itorrid war will be over in a fewraeks or months.2tosQx come to the conclusion that" - 'yptiirervicdBs .are not needed by the' jBjt;Cros3.sjOoa'.t- atayout "with the slackers-3B4-llow others to do your workand -bear your burdens.'l ."Don't , say to' "the noble boys who-sa.ro leaving home "I "had no interestm won 3Rf ter I said 'good-bye. You. may five 'or die. You may be wound-l-s4or sick and sorely need the atten' ' -.iioii, "clothing; bandages and carefulI'xrarsing' the army cannot give you,&Btl cannot bring myself to the"Spoixit where I will make a single sac-sificexiT -perform a single service toJielp you."Don't allow this great army of oursplendid young manhood to take upvL&e burden or tne defense or our.ceo-ntry, our own homes and flre-ssnies, shedding their precious bloodjson many foreign battlefields and' -ythcB. the war is over and these brave- laoys those that are left come: . marching home to be taken, into ther.njCiasansJbf a loving and grateful people,Cvn 7&6sit1et.tit :be said that your heartyHgaYPcold,' andyour avarice "and in-sr ipatitude was so great that you never-eitributed a dollar or made one sac-wjlce ipr theircontfort while theyjsarere. away.(A Reply.)In Flanders Field the cannons boomAnd fitful flashes light the gloom,While up above, like eagles, flyThe fierce destroyers of the sky.With stains the earth werein you lieIs redder than the poppy bloomIn Flanders Field.Sleep on, ye brave. The shriekingshell,The quaking trench, the startledyell,The fury of the battle hell,Shall wake you not for all id well.Your flaming torch aloft we bear,With burning heart an oath we swearTo keep, the faith, to fight it through,To crush the foe, or sleep with youIn Flanders Field.Made of flat steel spring a quicklyadjusted belt has been invented totake the place of strings on kitchenor laboratory aprons.Scene in Vitaraph's master production, wOver the Top n withbcrgt. Arthur Guy Empey, himself.M. P. NWanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we. guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Sendrus your shipments:Rags, ,$3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1,00 per hundredpounds. tWrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper 21c per pound.. Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12cper pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Bopts and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound".Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Gr.een Salt Hides,l8c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins 27c per pound.Horse Hides-$'6,.50;for No. l's.Lambskins, ,$2.00,.Full ;wPlei, Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings,, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send, us .samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky. -fall.perfectly reliable partineed apply., Money rent.'W. E. HIBLER,3'12 E. High Street,(6ftf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat In secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe- pay Wghest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTOES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374C23-tf)Don't NeglectYour Eyes."Oh, mother, I see lights in thesky.",- And this child, after visitingan optometrist, saw the stars for thefirst time. His mother, though astrong woman, broke down and weptto think she had neglected the childso long. Father, mother, are yougoing to allow your child to be thu3neglected, when a-n examination oftheir eyes will reveal his or her truecondition? Over 50 per cent, ofchildren have defective vision insome way. Better bring your childto us for a thorough, scientific examination. Will not advise glassesunless absolutely necessary.Open Saturday evenings until 9o'clock.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phone3, Taris, Ky.f"What TdBoWxteJ.; "zDbn't.fail ta-eound Its praises" wherever' yon- are." "DonTmake'-your money out of its'-citizens' andspe"ndlt somewhere else."Don't frown on every public im-rovement simply because it will cost- jyou a dollar or two.Don't sneer at the efforts of your"'ieIlow citizens to build up the town,"" Srat lend a hand youreslf."Don't talk a great deal about whattshbuld be done and remain on thetv i)ack seat waiting for someone else toiSEIo it.:Don'tvsay the public schools are a" - '.failure because your boy has been upsettirfg the school's discipline and has"jjTeqn punished.' Don't stay at home on election day,V ut get out and hustle for good men' rand good government,- ,Don't let a good local paper that ish& town's untiring champion aban-",TV.Kion the champion business because oflack of deserved patronage.. Don't forget to drop your dollar iny ,vTthe slot when the committee that iss&after a new enterprise comes around'-""-with the subscription list.- 'Don't forget that in building up the.town, hearty co-operation, united en': deavor and a spirit of get there are'5what win the day. There is no pull.Ttlie a long pull, a strong pull and a."Vipull together.wWMmt1 IWMHKfcjPMBwrrS KB I )IB lUWMCUi ;if 53- mHi!jBiBtoMBiaaigflLMiBiflyBiiTheEfficiency KitchentTVlany years ago folks did not pay so much attention to the kitchen; but theyhave now come to realize that a modern kitchen in the home is just as essential asthe office furniture is in father's downtown office. Think for a moment and imaginehow easy the .work would ,be if you had this beautiful New Process Gas Range withits snow panels in the doors, large roomy oven and broiler with obrcelain broilerTOr vOSll OF GaS trays so complete and sanitary you know you don't always have a cook.lllJHIIKili JIM'IBHwWiIHBIHHKiiiffliro mT'VB'i i f"'ir bJBBS3SpMiSSw3SiaB64'New Process SavesGas." Why??; A Waste of PigfkinT!The high cost of shoes' and other" J ' "iie6oB6ities that are made of leathern' world-wide, and is attributed "inlarge part to sheer scarcity of mate-trial. Nor does the "Federal govern-A Refrigerator is aPositive Necessity!22 Jim mm ii'vBfivBvBBiVAvBvAvBBBflBBHRi HHunHic4 really good Refrigerator ,is oneof the things we must whave --in thehome. New Iceberg is justthat kind.There are hundreds of them in thisvicinityxand we. do not know of asingle dissatisfied customer. Theyare made with one piece porcelain provision chambers; the walls are full fourply thickness; the heaviest refrigeratormade for family use and just nowwe are selling them at20 PER CENT REDUCTIONThe Best Servant in theHome!'AvBSBi BHHHT flHH' III mb yyjHMHHJThe Sellers Kitchen Cabinet isthe master of all the kitchenworld to-day. It's the mostcomplete one manufactured hasfourteen features that are exclusive; it is finished almost aswell as a piano;, the workmanship is as good as that of the finest furniture. Come in and letus demonstrate the Sellers toyou. It is so complete that whenopening the doors the kettlescome out to you. We would beglad to have you look it over andpass your opinion, even thoughyou do not care to buy just now.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYMain and Third StreetsCHAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, Kentucky"Try Trading at Vheeler's-yoti'll Like It"i-Vl- .'K5vTUESDAY, AUGUST IS, 111 .xGEKMANS KOW-CALLJno; AMXX.-ICAlfS.ifSAIA5L!fwtx !r"Satans" is the pet name for American soldiers among the men ia'theGerman Army, according to a letterwritten by Lieut. Ranke, who, asoffice-war correspondent," writesfor the German papers stories of individual deeds of bravery by Germansvhose names, addresses and occupations are given as tending to encourage local patriotism.In a letter to the Dusseldorf Nacbristen he tells of a skirmish between a patrol of men from that cityvrith an American patrol, who bytheir "impudent audacity" had beengiving the Germans much trouble.Beth parties were hidden in shell craters, he says, and stalked each otherfor eighteen hours, with the result,according to the story, that threewounded American "Satans" werebrought in. For their work theircaptors received iron crosses." MILLERSBURGK CURE FOB DYSENTERY.While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingcf Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William Whiteaw,cf Des Moines, Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointcf death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of hi6child. He stated that he had alsoused this remedy himself with equally gratifying results." ,-- -i i ".i j - (adv-aug)MICKIE SAYSfNOU KNOY4,fcMW.SSOME-TVMfcS HOU-fcfc BOU"f IWN&S1-rwftrc oowH suf ae, auf jestTHE SAME I LIKE NOO AkLL FNE'K NAJOOLCJmT VJOB.K NOWHERESELSE BUT HERE, 'hi WHEN I1 GfcOW JP M &0N(j TO HAMEA NENS?A?ER OF NN OVMN,6ETCHERMrs. King, of Lexington, arrived Friday as the ' guest of her sister,Mrs. Anna. DarnellTMr. Chas.Tnsko and familymoved to Paris, Friday, where Mr.Insko has accepted a position in theL. and N. R. R. yards.Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Jenkins havereturned to their home at FortSprings, Ky., after a few days visitto Mr. A. J. Butler and family.Mrs. Chas. Friend and family,of Lexington, were guests of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter, from Saturday until Monday.Mr. Howard Carr, who was critically ill for several days, was takento the Good Samaritan Hospital, atLexington, Saturday"where it may benecessary fot him to undergo anoperation. 'Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Borner anddaughter, Mary Louise Borner, leftSaturday for a visit to relatives atMaysville. Mr. Borner returnedMonday: Mrs. a13one?c and daughterwill remain several days longer.Mrs. Adah G. McClintock anddaughters, Mrs. C. R. Jones andMisses Anna James McClintock andRuth McClintock were guests ofMrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville,from Wednesday until Monday.Mrs. Mattie Jones and daughter, Miss Martha Coleman Jones,and niece, Miss Pauline Jones, "andMiss Leona Letto-n have returned after a several weeks' sojourn at CrabOrchard Springs.Mr. William Baldwin has accepted service in the U. S. Army, andis now at Fort Thomas. Mr. Baldwinhas been in the service before, having been a member of the regulararmy during the Spanish-Americanwar, and for a time was stationed inthe Phillipines. He will probablyjoin his old regiment, which is nowin Texas.A revolving fan recently inventedis attached to the back of a rockingchair and whirled over an occupant'shead as he rocks.fe fe feTo aid a carver a Denver man hasinvented a clamp which holds a roastof meat firmly and permits it to beturned over easily.'tMM BOUUKHI Himi FAW11,? 'y-MT, frSOCIAL AND:"?I reopie Here, There aidElfewitere. t-THE STATE FAIR; lCOUPONDraughon's College, Nashville, Tenn.Send me, FREE, your book onHome Study, and tell me about yournew plan of teaching the planwhereby it is EASY to learn, BYMAIL, Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Penmanship,' etc. -This, notice was clipped from the NEWS, Paris, Ky.Yours truly,(Name)(Address)(13-2t)1&O0OMMessage.rliiiiiiiiiiiiiiliir,.lipilj,),i1,ti.1,,,ip,,,1K JKt ML SOL OCt . BK. M. Ilk 'IWTflftrwr1915KAceiMirnT saEw-tfBr. ilon A less iHrtM telerrHigh Tiqe In TelephoneTrafficThis chart shows the extraordinary growth oflong distance traffic on the Bell system under warconditions. Tlie difficulties in keeping pace withsuch demands may be- appreciated wken itris un- -derstoodthat the cost of material entering intothe manufacture of telephone equipment has practically doubled, in addition to the abnormal increase in the price of labor and the shortage ofboth labor and material with which to add to our tfacilities.Upon the declaration of war, the Bell system pledged its entire service unreservedly to thegovernment. The demand from that source isalready great and is increasing hourly; moreover the extraordinary increase in telephone traffic due to ths unprecedented commercial and industrial-activityincident to the war is also makingitself felt.The problem before U6 is a serious one and werealize tne service may probably be stowed downduring the coming months. We want you alsoto undiritand the situation and to know that theoperators are Irving you cheerfully and to theextent of jt&eir abiHtr; but under difficulties forwhich there Is no immediate remedy and whichyou cannot realize without visiting theoperatmgroom, " " ..We ask that you co-operate witfi m by obsSVing patience and care in the use of the tlephongand by eliminating useless and frivolous eiw.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIactrporatedMiss Lucinda Patton has returned to her home in this city after avisit to friends in Nepton.Mrs. W. K. Haley and MiseesMary and Roberta Gorham are niotof Miss Sarah Maddox. in Eminent.Mrs.-Richard J. Sales is a guest Jui uer parents, Mr. and Mrs. John A.Rice, at Taylorsville. in Snrcounty. ,TWicci rs-Al oi i .it vyxjiuic otepnenson nas returned to her home near Paris, aftera visit to Miss Mary Allen Parrish, inFrankfort.Mr. Ike S. Cooper has returnedto his home in St. Louis, Mo., aftera visit to friends and relatives inClintonville. ..Mrs. Gus Christman has returned to her home near this city aftera visit to relatives in Harrodsburgand Danville.Mr. A. W. Bourne and familyhave returned from a visit to hisfather, Mr. H. H. Bourne, in Stanford. Mrs. John Mastin has as guestsat her home on High street, in thiscity, Mrs. Stella Brady and children,of Covington.Miss Rose Hanna, of Cynthiana,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. EibridgeSnapp, and Mr. Snapp, at their homeon Stoner avenue.Mrs. Mary E. Frazier and daughter, Miss Margaret Frazier, of Louisville, are guests of Mrs. Bettie Bedford, in this city.Miss Teresa Buchiganani, guestof the Misses Murphy, on SouthMain street, has returned to herhome in Lexington.Mr. Charles Benjamin and littleson, Culver, of Jefferson, Ohio, arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. John B. Northcott, on High street.Miss Ruth Feld has as guests ather home in White Addition, MissesAnna and Bertha Effron and Mr.Raymond Effron, of Middlesboro.Mrs." Samuel T. Neely, who accompanied the body of her husbandhere from Cape Girardeau, Mo., returned Saturday to her home in thatcity.Mrs. Fay Ardery entertainedwith a dining at her home on Houston avenue, recently in honor of her'guest, Miss. Cordelia Blackburn, ofGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth, ofLawrenceburg, who are guests of thelatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Fee, will move to Cincinnati thisweek to reside.Miss Phyllis Nippert, of St.Petersburg, JFla., is a guest of relativse in this city and county. MissNippert is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Nippert, formerly of Paris.Mrs. John K. Smith and Mrs.Malcolm McGlasson and little son,Jack McGlasson, who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell,on Vine street, returned to theirhomes in Dayton, Ky., Saturday afternoon. Mrs. White Varden entertainedwith "Five Hundred" and bridge ather home on Vine street, Fridaymorning in honor of Misses AnnaHickman, of Flemingsburg, and Rebecca Claybrook, of Maysville, thecharming guests of Miss Elise Varden. After the games refreshmentswere served."Father Bill" Schooler, wellknown newspaper man, was a recentcaller at THE NEWS 'pffice. Mr.Schooler was en routeto SomersetKy., from Idaho, where he hid beenemployed for several months on adaily paper. Schooler says old Kentucky is still the- grandest' countryin America to himr-a'ridr that, Idaho .isnot the greatest place to live in.He will reembark in the newspaperbusiness.(Other Personals on Page 5.)miaiDON'T DELAY..rfnwi'"".Sfr4 SgHSome Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that s6 often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back;' that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. "Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere yet is timebegin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used inthousands of cases of kidney troublefor over 50 years. Doan's KidneyPills are used and recommendedthroughout the civilized world. Endorsed at home. Read Paris testimony. Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered, severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply aslrtor a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnvCo?, Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. a , (adv)IimM ,.Bourbon Countv is crettin readyto pull down the big premium at theKentucky State Pair to be held atLouisville, September' 9-15. inshtwrings for the best bunch of 15 headnf fat cattle, six head 'and" 'one 'bullock, the two latter to' be 'selectedfrom the herd. .' 'Two herds are now in the fattening lots, a bunch, of 2,1 head ot PolledAngus two-year-old cattle, fed andconditioned by James Caldwell and alike number of fancy yearling Shortyhorns now on feed at the'Mackev'farm oi a. s. Caywood, on the NorthMiddletown pike.The State Board of Agricultural divided the State into three districtsfrom which ten herds of show cattlewill enter the ring in competition forthe best beeves, any breed or age.The Bluegrass district will be represented by the Caldwell and Caywood herds and a herd of the three-year-oldShorthorns belonging toHarvey Chenault, of Madison County.Bourbon County in. 1917 started4.T.. w.,t..i. x -a..... xl 1 Jiwic luvvcmcut tu revive tue ureeuiugnot only of thoroughbred cattle, butalso to stimulate renewed interest inthe feeding and fattening of beefcattle for the highest price prevailingfor commercial cattle, when Henry S,Caywood fed a herd of show cattlefor the Great International LiveStock Show held in Chicago. Bourbon county annually produces around5,000 fat cattle that find their wayto Eastern markets and compose themeat menu of the best Eastern hotelsin New York, Philadelphia, Baltimoreand other big cities. These cattleare the pick of the herds of cattlefrom the best farms in the county.They are grazed heavily on succulentbluegrass in the fall of the year, fedin barns and pens during the winteron corn, hay and silage, until late inthe spring and then given a finish ofabout forty days on green grass.They go to market in a finished condition for the meat block and thetender, juicy steaks and roasts command the highest prices.In order to produce more cattle bigger and fatter cattle Caldwell andCaywood are in the vanguard ofKentucky feeders and it is predictedthat withm a few years every countyin the Bluegrass will be right in thefront row in cattle production and inthe competition that will send manyherds of show cattle to the State,inter-state and International shows.All of this seems reasonable asCentral Kentucky has the health giving properties of the bluegrass whichthe Western, Southern and Northernsections havejiot. Bluegrass produced corn silage is also more nutrient than Western corn silage byreason of the fact that corn grownon a limestone soil has a flavor andprotein quality with which no othercorn silage can compare, hence cattle so fed and so grazed go to marketwith a higher percentage of juicymeat flavors than are discernable inany other cattle from any other section. These facts are well known tothe big packers of the country whotake the bluegrass fed cattle for themore fastidous consumers of theEast.The Caldwell bunch of PolledAngus beeves were selected one byone from among a total of more than3,000 feeders by Mr. Caldwell him- ZTZself, who is accredited with being one I - .of the best judges of a finished or unfinished steer in the Bluegrass section. The cattle were well winteredand on May 1, when the herd was ohfeed for the State Fair, they kickedthe beam at an average of 1,170Eounds. They were given a dailyalanced ration of four pounds cotton meal, 45 pounds of crushed corn,clover hay and sheaf oats. Thisamount of feed was fed in equalQuantities at 6:30 a. m. and 5 p. m.aily. In 70 days the herd wasweighed again and showed an average weight of 1,410'pounds, or a dailyaverage gairiof 3.40 per head per day.Mr. Caldwell will continue feedingthe cattle up until the day of the exhibit and'figures the cattle will weighanuaverage of T,525 founds a head.The cattler'will be not only in the pinko"f conditidni:from a" meat standpoint,but theyVwill be ut through a dailyroutine ofba'th, currying and smoothing out of We hair. 'The Polled Angus as exploited' byMr. Caldwell' are noted for theirbroad backsrheavy rumps, short legsand good cutting steaks right downto the hock. In type they are distinctive, in size, equal to that of theShorthorn 'and in conformationsmooth, rolling and well filled out.They show fine head and neck andit is said when dressed for the blockare easily detected by the butcherapart from that of carcasses of otherbeef breeds.The cattle and the feed and suchexpenses as will be incurred in thepreparation of the bunch for the showring, Mr. Caldwell estimates willcost $5,500. He figures the cattle willsell at from 22 to 25 cents a poundand will bring upwards of $6,000,which, with proceeds from the saleof the hogs following the herd, willmake a nice profit.The Caywood bunch of 21 cattleare what might be termed at theLouisville show, baby beeves. Thisbunch is just one year old and camefrom a Colorado selection. They are90 per cent pure bred Shorthornstock and for type and conformationare a fine representation of thatbreed of cattle so famous and notedin the annals of Kentucky cattlebreeding before and after the CivilWar, extending as far down as theearly eighties and not yet extinct byany means. The breeding of purebred Shorthorn cattle is being revivedagain and; it will not be many yearsbefore this fine breed of beef cattlewill come back into its own.When Mr. Caywood received thisbunch of cattle last February, pickedwith the view of going into the showrring, they weighed an average -of820 pounds. They will now average1,150 pounds at the age of one year.The Ration fed the cattle is the sameas with the Caldwell herd with theexception no sheaf oats is fed.Win or loose in the Louisville exhibit Mr. Caywood -will return thecattle to his .feeding pens and willcontinue to push "the herd for exhibit at the Great International Showat CJiicago during .thef winter months.Bourbon County lias'sent tomarketwthjn, the last " several ''monthstHojjsands of f at., cattle;, that,, havePackers' Profits"-Large or SmallPackers' profits look bifwhen the Federal TradeCommissionreportsthat four:of them earned $140,000,000during the three war years,Packers9 profits look saallWhen it is explained thatthis profit was earned on .total sales of over four and?-'a half billion dollars oronly about three cents oaeach dollar of sales.This is the relation betweei profitsand sales:If no packer profits had beenearned, you could have boughtyour meat at only a fraction ofa cent per pound cheaper?Packers' profits on meats andanimal products have been limited by the Food Administrationsince November 1, 1917.Swift & Company, ILS, A,KentuckyLouisvilleState FairSeptember 9-14SEPTEMBER 8GRAND SUNDAY PRELIMINARY PROGRAMThaviii's Band of 40 World Famed Soloists.Chorus of 300 VoIcmTwoJFIIshts by Ruth Law-flghHMvT a5TITMjOm&t... . ,-c ..-... .tfcXBtel Premiums ...; f7t0O0fttT5,00Cm B0f Ctthow 8dl Hw Statu VOXQXM"$10,00O. FttdfMi Pdiftfl Cttl Show... j tK,00Jlft!& r "" ,&&!$&RUTH LAW AUTO POLO AUTO0n;l RACEAtrial QiMn Sport ThrllUr WorW Crck OfferersDo Luxe Hlppodromo Show Magnificent Mfday Spocfel R.. R. Rate.Send tor Catalogue , Pont T. Kremec, Stf604 Republic Building, Louisvttle, Ky.brought as high as from 15 to 16cents per pound. The cattle feeding:industry is making more money forthe feeder now than 'at any previoustime in the history of Central Kentucky and farmers are wakening tothe fact that it pays to make the veal,calf into a 1,200 pound babv steer at(the age of one year rather than shipLiie cane to tne Cincinnati marKet iorveal purposes.s feAn order for 240,000 pairs of kneelength, rubber Jboots for the Frencharmy has been placed with Americanmanufacturers.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402EERST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatBOOMS 403-404ITBST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHOkE 136CAHAL BROS.SABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention :taFfctronf."TTftT Aim rwrn tjiititc . -i?BAKERYDEPARTMENT,Cakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetaBIes-MEATDEPARTMENT,RoatsLamb, Veal, PoskBrainsWILMflTHGrery Co.BN - Phnie-376 ..9T-J&:,11Kv lcih'mfirus'irid;UJ""jVv,.?' ,."sr ,. jkz fVWWi--t, .,.TBS BOUKMMV XUFW& TASIS. JLl ., fTTOMlDAY, AtKRJST 13, ltl s"Wi- yrJV.ik.---"" ' l V AflJ llr. A AsTNV, L ill V.i .-'XLL' !i-A t-i-.'-'O'ji. -rvl -.& ?-5"-.J- V'-1tfvr-t1EP1IJC BEACHES. 1EDUCEDi i'Genuine jalm Beach Suits reduced.to $5.95.(-tf)?TWIN BROTHERS'Department Store.Resolution!A RESOLiradN IN BEGARD TO ANOTICED THE CITY OP PARISHAS SERVED ON THE PARISGAS & "ELECTRIC CO., IN REGARD XQ THE FORFEITURE OFITS ORIGINAL FRANCHISE, IFTHE TERMS OF IT ARE NOTCOMPLIED WITH.City Hall, iaris, Ky Aug. '8, 1918.WHEREAS; The Electric Light &Paris franchise whereunder he ParisGas & Electric Company claim tooperate, was created for purpose ofproducing,' '-distributing and sellingelectric current, ih. Paris, Kentucky,and for that purpose the terms ofWOITRWR AnTTVTTmS.Registration of ,women Sept.to 10th. . .Stand up and be counted.3rdAt Red Cross Booms.Tuesday Woman's Society , Christian church. "Wednesday Woman's Society Episcopal church. ,Friday Woman's Society Presbyterian curchtSaturday Teachers' Circle.- Attention,--Knitters.Soldiers' Socks, Sizes 10 &, to 12Needed. - - -From National Headquarters andalso from the superintendent of inspection, reports have been receivedto the effect that socks for the soldiers are. coming in short in the footand of uneven length.- , . ,Therefore, those who are knittingare asked to send in nothing lessthan- a 10 foot. Sizes 10 to12-are acceptable. On account ofting is preferable to machine knitting.Caution is also asked against the,pointed toe. Socks should never beclosed at the toe with less than 20stitches on the two needles.said franchise require that the pur- auDie' account oichaser of laid franchise shall install f?ea, ?fort ? the feet alSin Paris an nu-to-date eWrfe man the durability of the sock, hand knit-for the purpose of producing and supplying electric current for lighting,heating and power to the City ofParis, Kentucky, and to all the citizens thereof; thexsaid current shallbe furnished during the entire twenty-fourhours, except during suchtimes as said plant may be disabledbecause of - unavoidable accidents,strikes or casualties, andWHEREAS, Said Paris Gas &Electric Cdmpany has failed and refused to comply with said terms andconditions in that it has not and doesnot now produce said electric current in'ParisKentucky, in the manner aforesaid, therefore,BE IT RESOLVED, ThatParis Gas.& Electric Company beNotwithstanding the hot, weather,an enthusiastic response followed thecall for knitters to produce Bourbon's quota of wool garments.The following communication fromthe Lake Division News Bulletin explains -.the temporary shortage ofyarn: Lake Division allotments ofsocks total one-half million pairs,requiring 2 5,0 00 pounds of socksaid f yarn T"e W001 sltuation to-day issucn mai we. are iortunate indeed, toand is herehv Tvnirprf fn Pnn,niJre,;,!lve spasmodic snipments or y.uuur - w". w ,vr vvuiuij . - - p- ,fl0, ;Pounas io,1with and perform each and every oneof the said terms and conditions ofthe said franchise and is especiallyrequired to begin on or before Aug.10, 1918, to produce in Paris, Kentucky, and to continue to produce inParis, Kentucky uninterruptedly fortwenty-four hours each and everyday, save under the contingenciesaforementioned, all the electric current distributed and sold in Paris,Ky., to its present customers or consumers or those who shall apply toit for such services in the future,and be it further , -RESOLVED, That a copy of thisresolution 'he served upon the ParisGas & Electric Company and thatsaid Paris Gas & Electric Companybe and is hereby requested to notifythe City of -Paris,. Kentucky, in writing on or before August 12, 1918,that it has complied with the termsand conditions of this resolution.E. B. JANUARY,Attest Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.,000 pounds and 25,000pounds. These shipments will continue to come to Division Headquarters until we have received our entire allotment' of yarn.It therefore becomes necessary forus to distribute each of these shipments as ttiey 'are received and insuch quantity to each chapter as theamount of the individual shipmentreceived by us at the time will permit. Whatever the percent of sockyarn you receive, you may rest assured that it is the very best we cando and that from this date forwardall chapters will receive an equalpercentage. In other words, eachchapter will get its just proportionof sock yarn from each shipment received at Division headquarters.MATRIMONIAL." , , .t - 'WHALEY DUVALL.One of the surprise events ofthe' season, though of course theknowing ones who had watched theprogress of the courtship "knew allabout it," was that which united inmarriage Miss Princess Whaley: andMr. John Divall, both of Paris: Thewedding was ' solemnized Saturdayevening at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. W.' E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, in thepresence of relatives and intimatefriends.After the ceremony and receipt ofcongratulations Mr. and Mrs.. Duvallleft for a bridal trip to points on the 'Kentucky river, and. for a honeymoon visit to relatives of the grpom,in Franklin county, where- he formerly resided. On , their -return Mr.and Mrs. Duvall will go to housekeeping in a cottage in this city. -Thebride is one. of the city's mostpopular young business women, having for many years been bookkeeperand stenographer in the office of theParis Gas & Electric Company. Inthat capacity she made a host of'friends by her courtesy and by herattention to business. She is adaughter of Mr. H. Clay Whaley, ofCypress street, and a sister of theMisses Whaley, of Paris, and "Mrs.Hoffman Wood, of Mt. Sterling. Thegroom came to Paris from Frankfortseveral years ago and entered the employ of the Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co., as motorman and conductor on the city car. The company has never had a more popularor efficient employe, and hundreds ofpatrons of the line will echo the goodwishes of other friends, includingTHE NEWS, for a long and happyw.edded life.- Pa 3a uiiB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsTHEATRE AND RESTAURANTBURNED IN HAZARD.WEATHER JCAIES WATEX AlfDICE' SHORTAGE SERIOUS.',u: -J , 1 , vt With ;the mercury fighting for acfeancefto slop over the top of thetube ;'for over a week, thef weather isituation in. Bourbon county has become serious. The eounty is threat-ened wjtha water famine, in thosesections remote from creeks andbranches. Crops are badly, in needoj rain, vegetables in gardens aredrying ip. The springs have-shownthe effect bf the hotiweather with theexception of the "never.-failing" va-'riety. ,: People "depending on springsfor ther water supply for drinkingand domestic purposes, and for livestock0.purposes, are being put to agreat Jteal of inconvenience, althoughthere his been no' real suffering yet.Gardeners-' are making many complaints "of the ruinous effect of thehot dry weather.In the, city the increased- demandupon .the facilities of the Paris IceManufacturing Company hasresultedin, a near-famine, and unless the- hotweather abates, the strictest economy in the use of ice may have to beobserved." All day Sunday and farinto the night vehicles of all descriptions . wended their way' to theice plant, to replenish their depleted supplies.The drain upon the supply and thereserve stocks became so heavy thatconservation had to be practiced, andonly a certain quantity would besold to any one. Persons who hadcalled for fifty pounds could only gettwenty-five or thirty pounds. Manager Phil Nippext did everything thatCQUld be done to accommodate thepublic, but the demand outran thesupply, resulting in an ice shortage.5JUNIOR RED CROSS HAS VERYSUCCESSFUL SALEHOT WEATHER BARGAINS.Men's ?14.00 Palm Beach Suits reduced to $8.75.TWIN BROTHERS(6-tf) Department Store.Fire which started in a restaurantat Hazard, Ky.t early Sunday morning destroyed the old Perry theatrebuilding, which was occupied by therestaurant and the Star billiard hall.The loss is ?15,000.fe 3 feFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.NEW AUTO OWNERS.Mr. Claude Weathe'rs, of nearParis, purchased last week of theKittrell & Calloway Garage, of Lexington, a model 490 Chevrolet machine. The car was delivered yesterday to the purchaser.Seven members of the Junior RedCross Society, held a sale of donatedarticles at the G. S. Varden & Son'sdrug store, Saturday afternoon. Thesale was a most successful one,bringing the young-, people -SlD.lOr1The articles for the sale were donated by the merchants of Paris. .The young ladies who had chargeof the sale were Misses RebeccaPurnell, Mary Petree, Elsie Morrison, Virginia Morrison,. Mary Forman Varden, Nell Winn Hfnton andElizabeth Whitley. The sale wascontinued through yesterday, realizing a total of $21.FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE HELDTO GRAND JURY.Fleeing from North Middletown,where he shot at Policeman J., M.Allen, Dulard Haley, colored, of thai:.cUKfwas arrested by the Mt. Sterlingponce ana reiurnea to .raris. .tie wasarraigned before County Judge Batterton, Saturday,, on the charge ofshooting at an officer with intent tokill, and held to the Grand Jury in$250 bond.a - i,tf v; Xh.3 'u, .F-R4MKV,jlJ&Ci. ., vcflv.n- ''MKTmy-'-- -LADIES' OUTFITTERS'tt-it..i-t:C'r--"?Fr5.r- t ...V:4fe ? . -.'I "Mk MsiavanceSh.owingof.) .Jail uciistsandDressestv1FRANK & CO.The News Job Department is Always, Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done RightAlamoSATURDAY 1 AUGUST 17Grandi " -- -HBBH H H L!ZWith SERGT. ARTHUR GUY EMPEY(HIMSELF)N 'Supported by LOIS MEREDITH and an All Star CastThe Marvelous Photoplay of Empey's World Famous Book.America's Hero brings life to his story of the Western Front.NOTE Special Morning Show at Alamo at 10 A. MLPRICES AT THE ALAMO r...v Children 15c? Adults 25cPRICES AT THE GRAND Lower Floor and Balcony 25c; Gallery 15cNo half tickets sold at The Grand, Please send your children to the morningshow. Open at 1 0 o'clock.James Moniwn appearing with Sergt. Arthur Guy Empcmt no 71rP S r)a6ter Production, "Over the Top." '1 'Sergeant Arthur Guy Empey is one of the finest natural actors to come under my supervision' is the emphaticstatement of Albert E. Smith, President of the Vitagraph Company of America, whose film production of Empey'sfamous war story, "Over the Top," starring the soldier-author in-the very role he enacted for 18 months in thetrenches, will be presented on the screen for the first time at the Paris Grand, Sa"turday, August 17th.Sergeant Empey is already famous as a fighter, lecturer and author. He enlisted in the Royal Fusileers of London in 1915, served for lmonths in the first line trenches as machine gunner and bomber, and was honorably discharged after receiving .seyen wounds "going over the top" in raids against the Huns.Returning to America, heVjyrote his war epic, "Over the Top," which to date has been read by some 3 000 000people, it isrestimated. Immediately upon the publication of his book, Empey commenced lecturing for patrioticcauses. He recruited thousands f men, sold $1,011, OOtt worth of liberty bonds, raised $50,000 for "smoke" fundsand then went into the mdtioii picture business to show through the Vitagraph production of "Over the-" Tod" lustwhat we are ud araint. nvr ttwft - , JW't-Vl.y,v -VTUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1118." if6 THE T"j MOTHINp ELSESEED1 WHEAT CLEANED.We are prepared to deanvhcat for seed, If an engagement is made, the teamthat brings in the wheat cantake it back recleaned. ,CHAS. S. BRENT & BROI(till-Eeptf-l)(Mkjt'"-'' fc Wl HiE SYRtP INSTEAD OF StJGART'S CHEAPEE.CvrilD t0Tsweetening we haverieotv of the best made.(It)" t c- p- C00K & C0'"pa la 10ME CATTLE.xTr Henry S. Cay wood, of North,-v - - tMiddletoWn, wrote the largest checkhe ever gave lor a Duncn ot camexrheii he paid to Sharp Bros., ofiarpsburg, the sum of 50,449 for260 fcead of 1,500 pound cattle. Thecattle will' be shipped to the Easternmarkets or sent to the Swift & Co.'splant at Chicago.NOTlaP TO DELINQUENTWATER CONSUMERS.Water on unpaid serviceswill be discontinued AugustPARIS WATER CO.(augl3-2t)isia laSACKS f OR RENT OR SALE.Whoa sarks tor rent orsafe. Wanted Barn curedclover hay, rye and barley.R. B. HUTCHCRAPT & CO(aug9-4t)la la isSHADE TREES REMOVEDThe big shade trees bordering thestreet on Duncan avenue in front ofthe residence of Miss Lizzie Grimesand Mr. Robt. C. Talbott, have heencut down and taken away. The treesbegan to show signs of internal decayand it was deemed best to removethem.The trees were among the oldestin Paris, having been planted therewhen Paris was but a hamlet of afew hundred people, and Duncan avenue merely a village lane. The residence was the home of the late MinorHibler. a prominent citizen of Parisin the early days of the city. It hadpassed through various stages of remodeling and additions until it hadreached its present proportions.GOING AFTER MOTORISTSIf a man is able to have an automobile he ought to still have sufficient money left after gasoline billsare paid to replace lost license tags,have both headlights in working order and provide "dimmers." At leastthat is the philosophy of Chief ofPolice Regan, of Lexington, who Sunday went after motorists who, it isalleged, have become rattier lax inregard to these matters.As a result of the activity of thepolice department seventeen motorists had charges placed against themand they were before Police JudgeHiley yesterday morning to explainwhy certain things are as they arepaid to be, and why certain otherthings were not in the places thepolice department has said theyshould be. rAmong those caught in the policedragnet were R. V. Biggerstaff,Route 1, Paris, and Gray Broderick,of Paris. Broderick was fined ?5by Magistrate Boone on a charge ofrunning his automobile withoutlights.NOTED Y. M. C. A. WORKER TOLECTURE HERE.Dr. Acheson, for a number ofyears, President of the Caldwell College, (now Kentucky College forWomen), at Danville, Ky., and atpresent President of PennsylvaniaCollege for Women, of Pittsburg, Pa.,Till give a lecture at the court housein Paris, Tuesday, August 13, at8-00 p. m.When the Y. M. C. A. wanted tofcend a special investigation committee to France and Italy they selected Dr. Acheson as one of the threeost efficient men in America to investigate Y. M. C. A. work and educational conditions at the front. Heas returned and given his report,much to the satisfaction of the Y-.M- C. A. staff and to all who havefcearfl him. He covered 5,000 milesn his investigation tour.in his addresses to be given, toneat the Methodist church in Millersburg at 3:00 p. m., and the other inthe Paris court house at 8:00 p. m.)he win give a description of the conditions as they actually exist to-dayamong our boys at the front, both inthe East and West. No one canhear his address who will not comeaay feeling that he lives in a better country and that his country is' taking the stand which she shouldjustly take in this gerat strife forhumanity.Make your plans . to attend thislecture thisvyeninr."" - - -VSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comets Mid Goinci of Ourreople Hire, There and -,. Elsewhere.Mrs. Wm, Timmins, of Lexington, is visiting friends in this city.- Mr. Martin Ammerman, of Cynthiana, is a guest of his aunt. MrsThos. C. Whaley.Miss Patsy, Clark has returnedfrom 'tWQ-weeks' vis; t. to Miss WilliLee Clark, In Lexington. ,.fctrla"Mrs Taul2 of Winchester, is aPiheofefet Flats, in this city."Mr. and Mrs. Pendererrass anddaughter, Miss Lillian, have returnedto their homeMn Ravenna, Ky.Miss Lottie Mae Harris, who hasbeen a guest of Paris relatives, hasreturned 'to her home.in Owingsville.. airs, jonn' t. JMteClmtock. ofHuntington, West Virginia, is a guest'of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. N. Fithian. onPleasant street,Mr. and Mrs. Thas. C. Whalev.of Paris, attended the funeral andburial off Mrs. Prances Lafferty, inCynthiana, Sunday.Misses Renlyn and-Burch Duncan have returned to their homes inNicholasvijle, after a visit to MissDelia Poe, in Paris.Misses Nina and Anna. Thompson have returned to their home inMidway after a visit to Miss Margaret B.urnett in this city.-"Mrs.. J. E. Barnett and little son,J. E. 'Barnett, Jr., of Lexington, areguests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. James, on Fourth street.Mrs. J. C. Martin has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after avisit df several days to her daughter,Irs. Thos. C. Whaley, and Mr. Whaley, in Paris.Mr. J. T. Martin is recoveringfrom injuries sustained recently bybeing ''knocked down by a passingautomobile' near the corner of MainancT Fourth streets.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone is visitingher daughter, Mrs. Lee Starke, inLouisville, and her son, Private Gqo.L. Frakes, at Ft. Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis.Misses Anna Hickman, of Flemingsbiirg, and Rebecca Claybrook, ofMaysville, who have been guests ofMiss Elise Varden, will return totheir respective homes to-day. KMr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompsonleft Saturday night for Rochester,Minn., where Mr. Thompson will undergo an operation at the MayoBros.' Hospital for kidney trouble.Miss Mary Kenney underwent: anoperation at the 'Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, Saturday.She was reported yesterday as getting along as well as could be 'expected. Mrs. J. W. Wind and daughter,Miss Nancy Wind, were called to Indiana, by the illness of Mrs. Wind'sbrother, Mr. Wm. Dinsmore, of Newcastfe, Ind. Mr. Dinsmore underwent a serious surgical operation inan Indianapolis hospital.Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Groscheleft yesterday morning for a- protracted visit to relatives of Mrs. Groschein Detroit, Mich. Wishing to keepin touch with doings in the "oldhome town" during their absencethey ordered THE NEWS to be sentthem at Detroit.Mr. and Mrs. Ray Harris returned Friday night from their honeymoon trip to Cincinnati and Akron,0., where they were guests, offriends and relatives. They were accompanied by Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, thebride's grandmother, who will visitfriends and relatives in Paris and-Cynthiana,"On the road to Boonesboro"was the slogan of hundreds of Parispeople who motored to that popularbathing beach Sunday. The beachwas lined with hundreds of spectators, while the river was full ofbathers, who disported themselves inthe cooling waters. Paris and Bourbon county people were very muchin evidence, and enjoyed themselvesto .the fullest.' (Other Personals on Page 3.)COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, August 13. A.H. Woods' Broadway success, "TheGuilty man;" William Duncan andEdith Johnson, in third episode of"A Fight For Millions;" last episode of "The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, Augustr14 George M. XJohen, in his ownplay, "Hit-The-Tfail-Holliday;" alsoa Luke Comedy, and Pathe NewsFeature.Thursday, August 15 ConstanceTalmadge, more charming than ever,in "Up The Road With Sallie;" Muttand Jeff Comedy, "Extra QuickLunch," and a Pathe News Feature.HAIL INSURANCE.immim vour tobacco againsthall with Thomas," Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies.(june25-tf)fa fe feEECORPING MACHINE INSTAIX;ED & LOCAL POSTOITTCE. .An automatic time-recording machine to register the time of arrivaland departure of employes, has beenInstalled in the Paris postoffice byPostmaster J.' Walter Payne. Themachine keepe an accurate record ofthe actual working hours put in by"the office force. Rural route carriersrdVnothJtve to register. - '"Tiij3fcia?Bi3 : r - :tr:W.. .-ismjjgafi;,. .1. .- ....L. ..-"..IMBCjng wv y,;-v i 7Z n ' mmmmmt 4 RELIGIOUS.The, protracted meeting at theBethlehem church has closed with atotal of thirty-eight additions. Theservices were conducted by- Rev.Mark .Collis, of Lexington, Themeeting was one of the most successful and enthusiastic ever heldin th,;feuntylr-iLtjj"fc'r: "TRey. Frank M. Tinder, pastprof the 'North. Middletown. Christianchurch, ! will begin a revival meetingat the Leesburg Christian chtfrch. today. During. Rev. Tinker's 7 absencehis pulpit at the North .Middletownchurch1 will be filled by He v. J.,R..Jones, j pastor of the CynthianaChristian church. . , . -ISTOCK, CROP, ETC.' :.Mr) Richard A. Wills, of Paris,purchased of Harrison and Bourboncounty.1 parties .twenty-five head ofgood driving horses at prices rangingfrom ?60 to $150 per head. The annimalswere shipped to the Bishopville, North Carolina market, wherethe demand is strong and the supplyscarce. MRS. ELIZABETH B. GILTNER,Piano and Violin,Studio 227 Seventh Street.Term Opens September 2, 1919.PARIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Just the thing!when you arc latewi.th the .meal?Cookquickly,Food tastes hcttcrMakes Cookinga PleasureT. W. SPICERSpecial br this week."Ltfetimc2QtAtuminu-nvSauce Paru.wHiAugustQ. x;s.Player RollsRoses.He's a Yankee Doodle DixieBoy. (One-Step.)The Garden of Roses.Colored Soldier Boys of UncleSam. (One-Step.)On a Battle Field in France.(Waltz.)The Two Grenadiers.A Soldier's Dream. (Ballad.)Pack Up Your Troubles inYour Old Kit Bag and Smile,Smile, Smile. (One-Step.)Keep Your Head Down, "Fritzie B8y.' It's a long Way to Dear OldBroadway.a-Ssry MM iS&iDaugherty Bros.7r Fifth and Maint ,"l " HI f a w " m BaV Kk'r11 ovy GOING O Ntf :Ginghams30q quality, per yard .24c35c' quality, per yard 29c40c( quality,' per yard. 32c50c, quality, per yard . . 38c5lc; quality, per yard 4S c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cSILK HOSESOc values atONE LOT OFLadies' 25c Vestscs tAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to beReturned or exchanged.HARRY SIIWMfWiWiWftWraWIWWWJust Think of9x12 FEETMatting RugsSee Them in Our WindowTHEJ.THOT0NC0MOTOR HEARSE"flTHERPHONE"-mm4 m x-wn B Wkite Onnfc m -V 20c quaHty t :....1.6c -gch 25c quality at..., ami-Hu A j, 35c quality at . . ..2afe;RHOpe COttOn 45c quality at. ...... 37 t-MrfwA ' 59c quality at 48cij4C 75c quality at-. 59c Kwri $1.00 quality at 79c BPBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for39cPERCALEper yard15c1 . : ; : mLI v. So.50c values at$ 1 .OO values atMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.We are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods and All Refrigerators.MOTOR INVALID COACH36-?n 'fTZ YaSmnnmtjm9mmmK-Hr1 Lot of Ladies Bb :Handkerchiefs ?2ic ir-25C each, H&BRASSIERES39c79c.t!!t-S&U VThis!kih-Mr:titt "VJhk 4!L,B- 'IK.UNDERTAKINGM0NSIXTH AN P, MAIN STS.w&$&JV)wv- V.'. v?frpII" F""fl'fJTHE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, XT.TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, If If,n nniniiiniiini ami iimiiniinnUFTOFFlSlS!j fr ;?. ' w"jMv.-"M-fV -Drop Freezone on a touchy Icorn, then liftthat corn foffwith fiftgersU jiiiiiiiiiimininiiitii..ijiiinn ii'innnnnimninin.nEoeflRt Jrarfc a bit) Drop : HiftfeFreoae o& a ackijLg oorninattzltlyife&t corn Mope fcur, ihftC yotf Jlifti ngat out xes, ks(zc2 ioimougln-f3H. IiwA tiny bottle of Freesoae eocU but a,lew cents &t any drug store, but is safEeait to remove every hard corn, softxb, or corn between.' the toee, and theallusee, without soreness or irritation.Freeeone is the secBfttjoo&i discoverygd $ Cincinnati geniua, It is wonderful."DEADMAN'S CURVE" TOSTRAIGHTENED.BECounty Judge P. A. Bullock, at ameeting of the Fayette Fiscal Court"Wednesday morning, instructedCounty Road Engineer F. E. Kurzenknabe to make a survey and preparean estimate of the expense which"would be entailed in straightening"Dead Man's Curve," three milesfrom Lexington on the Maysvilleroad. The curve has been the sceneof nearly a score of accidents withinthe past few years.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesfishand Meatsire kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.iyt$ti3bo$e Tanshave proved their ability to givethe K)it breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money i avers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.3 jtfrflNvtrdrs.ywJ -4..IfJTHE 1IIJ3ED AJOSICAN 'ATIOWrSTATST VIEWSSteps have been taken to checkthe flood of population pouring intothe cities from the farms at the timewhen the war's greatest need .is toincrease the acreage producing farmcrops, an association having beenformed, with governors of manyStates on the Advisory Board, to present farm opportunities in a noveland sweeping way.The announcement that the AlliedAmerican Association, with headquarters in Chicago, has completedthe enlisting of over a thousanddaily newspapers and over a thousand motion picture theatres in thetask of arousing communities to takeup locally and vigorously as LibertyBond campaigns, efforts to increasingfood production, is another victorywon at the same time that Pershing'sarmies and the French drove theGerman's drive backward in a smashing defeat."The rush to the cities has becomean ominous flood when already theurban population of the United Stateshas increased to 55 per cent, of thetotal instead of the 30 per cent, in1880, the 44 per cent in,1890, and,to go back to early days, to the 13per cent, of Colonial days," said President Ward D. Williams, of the Allied American Association. Thetrouble is that people do not realizethat farm life to-day can be altogether different to farm life ten ortwenty years ago, to say nothing ofprimitive times. When we have produced a motion picture epic whichthe Committee on Public Informationwill release it will be possible forcity people to visualize what theycan have and how they can live on afarm. By our distribution of thatand other pictures and the publicitywhich has been agreed to by ournewspaper membership, a check willbe given the rush to the cities inmistaken search for better living andgreater opportunities. There will be'dozens of other films which the enlisted newspapers will announce totheir communities and which will beused to make the feature of publicand patriotic occasions."The great war problem of laboris to create an incentive to greaterefforts and this can be done, we knowfrom experience, by means of motionpictures provided there is co-operationby the daily newspapers in getting great audiences to see the pictures and at the same time hear thestory told of the need for more acreage in crop and more crop per acre."What we need is public co-operationwith the work which already hasbeen done quietly in getting ourgreat regiment of newspapers andour regiment of 'movie' theatres enlisted for the more food drive."Let us not forget that the signswith which Uncle Sam has plasteredpublic buildings from the Atlanticto the Pacific 'Food Will Win theWar' will have significance after thevictorious conclusion of the war,whenever that may come. The worldis short of foodstuffs and it is to theUnited States and Canada that thehungry and starving nations mustcontinue to look for years and years.High prices of all that the farm produce will continue and are right nowfilling the banks with farmers'money. Farmers are prospering asnever before and their prosperity isthe foundation stone of our nationalfuture in commerce and industry."The great campaign to show theopportunities of States in the East,West, North and South, to the millions of people who will be reachedby the Allied American Association'sregiments of enlisted institutions willserve as a means by which' to arouse,as they need to be aroused, the communities in the United States to genuine, war-time zeal in campaigningfor more food as they have campaigned for Liberty Bonds. Communitieshave been leaving the crop problemtoo much to Uncle Sam."Let it not be forgotten that thenewspapers of America are trying tomake their public realize that thefuture of those communities, forgrowth or decline, depends upontheir response to the call to win thewar. Tney will be able, 'through ourplans, to swing the motion picturesinto the work of compelling 100 percent, devotion to all the calls of warand particularly increasing crops andacreage throughout the land."Owners of big tracts of land,railroads and other big interests canget definite results now by joiningin the program of action of the mostdynamic kind."The States represented on the Advisory Board of the Association whichhas worked out this public serviceprogram are: Minnesota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Texas,North Aarolina, Mississippi, Alabama,Arizona, Georgia, Florida, West Virginia, Arkansas, Utah, New Mexico,Oregon, South Carolina, Neveda, Wyoming, Missouri.If the Senate believe PresidentWilson already has authority to takeover wires, why does it object togiving him that right- bystatute? - ;ASSOCI-J?OygpPgg o-ffi-1;', -rrrrrt -1 ' 1WASHINGTON, August- 12. Government acquisition and' control ofall the nrincipal'. stock", yards coldstorage ..plants and jwarehouses;, and.both refrigerator and cattle, cans has;ben Recommended rio ttheqPresident;Dy wie, jfteaerai xrue yymmi&siuii, 10destroy monopoly,.- which it declaresSwift;' &" Co.,. Armour & Co, Morris& Co, Wilson & Cp., Jhc.j anditheCudahy" Packing,, Company exercise,not 1 only over the meat industry ofthe country, but other necessary foodsupplies. I "- -The commission's report is basedupon exhaustive hearings conductellrecently in many cities and was madepublic Thursday through the WhiteHouse. It has been in the hands ofthe President since July 5, and it wasexplained that it had not previouslybeen issued "because the Presidentwished first to be in possession offull information."Basing its statement upon a greatvolume of evidence examined, "muchof it taken from the confidential filesof the packing companies, the commission said the power of. the packing companies "has been and is beingunfairly and illegally used:"To manipulate live stock markets.To restrict interstate and "nter-na-tionalsupplies of food.To control -the prices of dressedmeats and other foods.To defraud both the producers offood and consumers.To crush effective competition.To secure special privileges from(railroads, stock yard companies andmunicipalities, andTo profiteer. ' u """While we have found," said thecommission's report to the President,"and will disclose to you an intricate fabric of monopolies, controls,combinations, conspiracies and restraints' which would seem to indicate a similarly complex and minutesystem of legislative or administrative remedy, we believe that anadequate remedy may be more simply arrived at."We believe that if the fundamental and underlying evils are rootedout the whole structure of conspiracy, control, monopoly and restraintmust fall.If these five great concerns ownedno packing plants and killed no cattle and still retained control of theinstruments of transportation, ofmarketing and of storage, their position would be nd less strong thanit is."The commission then recommended :"1. That the Government acquire,through the railroad administration,all rolling stock used for the transportation of meat animals and thatsuch ownership be declared a Government monopoly."2. That the Government acquirethrough the railroad administration,the principal and necessary stockyards of the country, to be treated asfreight depots and to be operated under such conditions as will insureopen, competitive markets, with uniform scale of charges for all servicesperformed, and the acquisition orestablishment of such additionalyards from time to time as theiurure development of livestockproduction in the United States mayrequire. This to include customaryadjuncts of stockyards."3. That the Government acquire,through the Railroad Administration,all privately owned refrigerator carsand all necessary equipment fortheir proper operation and that suchownership be declared a Government monopoly."4. That the Federal Governmentacquire such of the branch houses,cold storage plants and warehousesas are necessary to provide facilitiesfor the competitive marketing andstorage of food products in the principal center of distrubution and con."sumption. The same to be oneratedby the Government as public markets and storage places under suchconditions as will afford an outletfo.r all j manufacturers and handlersof food products on equal terms.Supplementing the marketing andstorage facilities thus acquired, theFederal Government establish,through the Railroad Administration,at the terminals of all principalgyiuw ux uisiriDu-qon and consumption, central wholesale markets andstorage plants with facilities open toall upon payment of just and faircharges."1 MCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless th,e inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manycases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)I 1 T"BaL0A1TS TO OUR ATT.TT.fiWith another credit of $100,000,000 to Italy and-$9,000,000 more toBelgium the credits advanced by theUnited States to our allies now total$6,380,000,000.With government encouragement,extensive experiments will be madewith a viw5to reviving the growingof vflax in Scotland.- '.rr; "?, .ji-vudj xjav. 1-gfffrag t"ri.trM t - &IICTlKBWiflkiKii DraxIW"ar necesstties.andtbe regular order of ''industrial development" arein open conflict, since tthei -latter isofficially .curtailed' but is, nevertheless, extremely active in the producetionof the new necessities demandedfor the great world conflict. Manufacturing5 plants "have been springingup over night in every part of thecountry. These industries have takenthe short cut in obtaining power, andinstead of erecting great plants of'theirown, -a's in past' years, 'they have"usually annexed themselves to- theexisting institutions, and the information given7 'out 'in Washingtonshows that upwards of sixty per centof the industrial and factory powerin the country Is furnished by electric light and power companies.An. interesting feature of the condition shows .that practically all ofthe so-called electric' steel is manufactured through the medium of theelectric furnace. These furnaces arelargely operated with electricity furnished by lighting and power plants.These facts "have been Wrought outthrough' the War Finance Corporation, which' as a part of th6 war machinery of the national governmenthas been as closely in touch with theindustrial. end of the United Statesas is the Federal banking systemwith the financial conditions.: There isn't very much going onnowadays but what Uncle Samknows all about.m mCONFEDERATE PENSIONERS BEING THINNED' OUT BYDEATH.FRANKFORT, KY., Aug. 12.Thirty-five Confederate pensionersare reported as having died sincethe last quarterly distribution. Inthe November distribution the pensioners will receive $37.50 instead of$30, the rate of $12.50 monthly going into effect this month.The following have been added tothe list, to whom pensions will hepaid August 15:Mary A. Bibb Allensville; BonnieT. Bowden, Paducah; Sally ACombs, Ned; Theodore Cowherd, 239Haldeman avenue, Louisville; MaryE. Curl, Cynthiana; Samuel J. Denton, 2217 Lytle Street, Louisville;Martha C. Daw, Canton; L. S. Dunning, Wallonia; Bettie E. Emory,Irvine; Sylvania Glassco, Spottsville;Lucy Ann Hodges, Cynthiana; Amanda I. Hughes, Mayfield; Sarah J.Jackson 2504 Rowan Street, Louisville; Mollie "H. Jones, Shelbyville;Sally Kelly, Frankfort; Lucy Miller,Maceo; Mary E. Patterson, Princeton; Emily E. Potts, Paducah; Martha P. Randle, Hopkinsville ; Katherine Sublett, Bowling .Gr&en; MonaTracey, Frankfort;" Mattie J. Weddington, Hopkinsville; Artimise Yancey, Sadieville; Delia Young; 738South' Sixth Street, Louisville; Wilson T. Combs, Noble ; Sarah P. 'Hair,Lexington; W. J. Ross, Glasgow -Susanna Turner, Kevil ; Nancy .CBragdon, Dycusburg; Sarah M-.'Boone, Lexington; Susan H. Burnett,431 South First" Street, Louisville;Mary Harris, Pamtsville: " fm M.mTO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION."For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything- thatI heard 6f to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.(adv-aug)"""a is leaTo make a kitchen stove help warmthe room in which it is used a metalcover that radiates the heat evenlyhas been patented."""3 !"" ISLittle sins are eggs from whichgreat sorrows are hatched. ChicagoNews.HATSGet YoursNowTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.$101 1y5!V"i-nSee Us Eor..i "-""FARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMdwifig MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the marketHave stood the test of years.G. S. BALL GARAGECor-! Fourth and Pleasant St-.TjheZPendletonShop135 jsast main st., opp. phoenix xotj2lLexington, xjentucky:We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THEORY GLEANERCumberland Phone 40 rome Phone 169 2-;-xiixay.m:lGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137;2NIGHT 298Carnar Fifth ami Plaatant Straats, Paris, K1lfBP'EiljF'BICttm:k)t?- All Kinds ofl1V&SATSiXtmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.eX1x1XI1IXIXxXIBIsXI- : rC. v.',v J-"VN1Ht-w(.:ATUESDAY, AUGUST 13; 1918. ' vi : i2zl ' . . -. "v" zrfigstrtPfxs s"vw --" .rTAKOTJS LIGHTSHIP SUNK BYGERMAN SUBMARINE."WASHINGTON, August 12. TheDiamond Shoals lightship, off CapeHatteras, N. C, was shelled and sunkhy an enemy submarine late Tuesday, the Navy Department was Wednesday informed. The crew, who tookto their boats, have reached shoresafely. The submarine came withina mile of shore, according to thebrief 'report which reached the NavyDepartment.The Diamond Shoals light stationis one of the most famous guides tonavigation in the world and has beenthe subject of many a story in verseand prose. Such vessels usually manned by greybeards and are of such" atype as to be utterly helpless in theface of an enemy attack.The attacking submarine probably .was the one that sank the tankerO. P. Jennings, 100 miles off theVirginia coast several days ago. Herexploit in showing herself abovewater within a half mile of the Carolina coast, in an important shippinglane, where innumerable patrol boatsare supposed to be plying, is one ofthe most daring recorded since theGerman raiders first made their appearance on this side of the AtlanticThe Diamond shoals ship- guardsthe outthrust reefs of storm-sweptCape Hatteras, known as the graveyard of the Atlantic coast. It is imperative that the light be restored atonce and certain steps to this end already have been taken by the commander of tha naval district. If,necessary a special patrol of antisubmarine craft may be establishedto prevent a recurrence of this incident. The attack upon the lightship mayrepresent a new phase of enemy submarine operations off the Americancoast, designed to hamper shippingby destruction of important navigation signals." On the other hand itmay merely represent an isolatedcase of frightfulness. If the raiderdefinitely set out to destroy lightships, exposed lighthouses and thelike, it is believed that he can do veryextensive harm before his ammunition supply is exhausted.Some officers doubt that any general campaign against navigationsignals is "planned. To do so, it wassaid, would make navigation of thecoast line by the submarines tooperilous, as they are wholly dependent on such aids to navigation toknow their own positions.CALLSFOR 130,207 DRAFTEDMEN IN AUGUST.WASHINGTON, Aug 12. Calls for130,207 draft registrants qualifiedfor general military service to - jointhe colors before the end of Augustwere issued Thursday night by theProvost Marshal General. -Of the130,207 draft registrantscalled to the colors Thursday night toreport this month 13,145 men fromKentucky, Ohio and Alabama will besent to Camp Zachary Taylor. - Alabama will send 2,000 negroes, Ohio6,650 white selectives and 325 negroes, and from Kentucky will come3,350 white recruits aid 818 negroes,all to go to Camp Zachary Taylor.One hundred thousand white registrants from forty-three States areordered entrained between August 26and August 30. Twenty-one Statesand the District of Columbia are directed to furnish 30,207 negro registrants, to entrain August 22-24.These orders bring the number ofmen called out in August to about300,000, the number contemplated inthe present military programme.BOY SCOUTS HAVE BIG TIKE Hf EXTENSJ01T "MAEF AGES T0SWIMMING CONTEST'IMMENSE ARMY.P.STIPCinilV That riT riitnrnv HfvrirH- ohurnino' VinnTi r Pntkoffa PA-n av1n'k;M.n .e i:- 1 i. I Of.!. cAutuuiuu ui u.j.e savins wontAn audience of 250 neoDle witness-' nriarmrfimAiT , .ed the BW Scout -swimming touraa-T;k u!51 i. nment, Thursday night. . . . . Jar0SJ,HEiit was pronounced to be the best att.utrf7io jacquatic exhibition ever produced in 235 wSTnl 18J!?d 5l-twParis. The boys were divided in two opSS?? of War Department officials.teams, The Reds, captained by Leslie':. Z w m ngurV SZrkTVT:n j rm. 'ti.- !..-j i it means that everv man of theJohn Dundon ' P y0000 "ill be of the type andO'Neill proved himself to. be the Lyq?e " ose now n; tne oatuefetthfg JXndVaToo I Mihiarf men believe the class of 18K 2000,000 men. Fromwinner having 27 noints to his credit. css f 21 1 the country has'wm -22 point say 1ssBfrfi u1 JT5uu Vuert mrKpamcK, xnira, wim whnm rA - Wr.na "rnC-'laMi x TiAinro .. pw w it aa . a.ww xiiu wamww-Tho cfnnf -poftto ,,. . a of' 31 to 45 is set down for another. 7, v,u4v,j nwc iw, Bvu, 5 (inn (inn tomi TTnrlo-r ,a nroaonf,w,www ..,... W VW UUWVans, which provide that the boysfrom 10 to 20shall be trained here,the United States will have the largestreserve army the world has ever seen.In one respect the tremendous figures recall President Wilson's "interrogatory-answer"with reference tothe army when he said : "Why limit itto 5,000,000?"They mean the possibilities of ourarmy are practically without limit.The 7,000,000 could be increased toeight, nine, ten, eleven or eventwelve million if need be.On War Department estimate fixes16,000,000 men as to the number whowill register, providing the extensionsare approved in the present form.Through comparsion, based on thenumber of men registered in the various states at the time of the firstdraft, an estimate has been obtainedof the state quotas in the new draft.These are as follows:Estimated21-31 Reg. 18-21 andFirst Draft 31-35savinswas highly appreciated by the spectators.The following are the events andthe winners.Underwater Swim Roberts, First;John Duridonj Second; O'Neill, Third.Front Flip O'Neill, First; Moore,R. Second; Friedman, Third.Dive for Form Kirkpatrick, First;O'Neill, Second; J. M. Dundon, Third.Twenty-five Yard Race O'Neill.First; John Dundon, Second; Meglone,xnira.Twenty-Five Yard Race Any StrokeO'Neill, First; John Dundon, Second; Moore, E. Third.Back Dive Kirkpatrick, First;O'Neill, Second; Friedman, Third.Jack Knife Dive John Dundon,First; Roberts, Second; Friedman,Third.Back Race O'Neill, First; Lair,Second; Roberts, Third.Handspring Minakuchi, First;Stern, Second; Moore, R. Third.Swan Dive John Dundon, First,Roberts, Second; Dundon, M. Third.Staying Underwater Friedman,First; Wright, Second; Dundon, J.Third.Back Flip O'Neill, First; Minakuchi, Second; Moore, R. Third.High Dive, Dundon, First; Friedman, Second; Roberts, Third.Distance Dive Chipley, First;Kirkpatrick, Second; Moore, E. Third.Candle Race O'Neill, First; Kirkpatrick, Second; Meglone, Third.Tub Race Minakuchi, First, andMeglone, Second.Relay Race Was won by the Redswhich contained the following:O'Neill, Kirkpatrick, Chipley andStern.Score Reds 91; Blues 46.Judge Rev. R. C. Goldsmith.I3i Ml feBROTHERS CUT CARDS TOVTEO SHALL ENLIST.SEESeveral months ago Arthur andFrank Murdock, brothers, of Greens-burg, Indiana, cut the cards to -see.which -one should enlist in the army (Nevada- 12,090and which remain at home to providefor the aged' mother, two otherbrothers having already entered theservice. Arthur was successful, join-,ed artillery and has been in Francefor some time. Wednesday, FrankJoined the navy and soon expects tobe doing his bit for the country inthe war against Prussianism.w fsi WaStateAlabama 182,499Arizona 37,355Arkansas 149,097California 298,989Colorado 84,125Connecticut 160,037Delaware 22,132Dist.of Columbia 32,372Florida 83,266Georgia 232,537Idaho 41,606Illinois 645,370Indiana 255,754Iowa 215,939Kansas 150,347Kentucky 190,629Louisiana 159,475Maine 60,593Maryland 121,598Massachusetts 362,825Michigan 374,317Minnesota 222,698Mississippi 139,321Missouri 297,456Montana 88,299Nebraska 118,278291,99859,768238,555478,402134,600256,05935,39551,795133,162372,059JUDGE BATTERTON RECEIVESLETTER FROM SOLDIER'BROTHER,County Judge George Battertonrecently received, the following lettekfrom his brother, Mr. Bishop Batterton,vwho is in the thick of the fraym France. A telegram to Bishop'sfather, Wednesday, from the War Department, informed him his son wasseriously wounded about July 17. Itjs believed that the wounded manmust be progressing favorably towards recovery as no other word hasyet been received.Bishop's Letter To His BrotherGeorge.' . July 12, 1918.Dear George:ovLvmpL have to excuse me fornot writing, but I guess you know the,Marines have, been real busy the lastmonth and a half. We surehad' a wonderful little battle up hereand have won all sorts of praise fromthe high officers, of course. OurCompany was in the biggest battle;it lasted for forty-five days, and Isure thank God that I came out alive.You have no idea what this war is,until you have been in some realfighting, and we had to fight in a realthick woods, up hill and down, andover rocks that weigh a hundred tons.The French have changed the nameof the Woods to "Bois de la BrigadeMarines," meaning "The Woods ofthe Marine Brigade." I want to sendyou a machine gun as soon as I getback to rest camp, which I capturedfrom the Germans after killing fourmen who were operating it.You ask if certain information istrue, which yo have heard throughsome Cynthiana boy. It seems likethat boy is going to tell all Ijdo overhere, but I do not care, for I donothing now that I am ashamed of.You also asked about the Marinesbeing separated. Wherever you seeone Marine in a fight, the wholebunch is there for we have such asmall bunch, they keep us togetherall the time.I think I weigh now more than Idid while I was at home for I weighed the other day, and was surprisedto find out I weighed 201 pounds.This seems to agree with me, in onway. : ut m another it does not, and1 i -vSS' aIS that a my feelings.fNew Hamshire 37,519New Jersey 30,208NewMexica 33,49'7New York 1,000,345N. Carolina - 197,81N. Dakota 65,963Ohio r-j i 554,709Oklahoma 170,956Oregon 63,319Pennsylvania 815,973Rhode Island 53,589S. Carolina 128,019S. Dakota 57,899Lenine says "the assassination ofMirbach was a political trick. Per- Tennessee 188,946haps, but not as tricky as' that Lenine f?3 409,743and Trosky played on the Russian ( yemiont 27'244people. Virginia "."I lSl',526m W Wi j Washington 110,167West Virginia 125,846Wisconsin 244,844Astralians are experimenting witha mammoth oil-driven harvester w, oo'onco . P """"5 ,q7Uwhich strips grain fields at a rate ofabout sixty acres a day.1,032,059409,206345,502240,555305,006251,16096,949194,557580,500598,907356,477222,914475,930141,278189,24519,34460,030480,03053,-5951,614,952315,970105,541887.534273,&W101,1101,311,95785,742204,83092,618302,314655,58970.653H43,590290,442174,267201,354391,75036,634L. and N. Time-Table.(Effective July 12, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.)Trains ArriveNo.10151174037123391383839161563213031210209No.3415140171037133312938399163213131210209156FromArriveAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:33Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :650Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v. . . 740Cincinnati, 0 Daily 10?05Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10Chicago, III., Daily 10:20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.40Lexington, Ky., Daily . . 3:10 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . . .; 3:15 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . 5:50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pmMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:55 pmJacksonville, Fla,, Daily 8:32 pmLexington, Ky., Daily JO: 20 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:28 pmLexington, Ky., Sunday only 12:50 pmMaysville, Ky., Sunday only 5:40 pmTrains DepartFor LeaveCincinnati, O., Daily 5:41amMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:55 amr.inriTiTiati O.. Dailv Excent Sundav ,. .. 7:45 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . "7:45Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . T.. . v . . . . 7:45Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:13Lexington, Ky., Daily i .- 10:28Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:27Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:25ninr.innfl.ti. O.. Dailv ' 3:25Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday s 5:57 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:00 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . 6:40 pmCincinnati, O., and Chicago, 111., Daily :. ..8:20 pmLexington, Ky., Daily : 10;35 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily JO .36 pmMaysville, Jy., Sunday only 12:55 pmLexington; Ky., Sunday only . 5:43 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. f 7:d9 pmThis computation fixes the numberof new registrants as slightly above15,000,000. It serves, though, togive an estimate of the number of1 registrants in each state.Many men, proficient in businessand official life, will register underthe new draft, though there will bethousands, no doubt millions, whonever wil lbe called for service. InCongress there are more than a hundred who will be required to register. The Congressional directory lists 93Representatives whose ages are 45 orbelow, ad 11 Senators. The Senators are: Ashurst, of Arizona; Wolcott, Delaware; Trammell, Florida;Haje, Maine; France, Maryland; Hendeson, Nevada; Wadsworth, NewYork; McNary, Oregon; Gerry,Rhode Island; Benet, South Carolina,and Sheppher, of Texas.Among the "the Representatives areKeating, Colorado ; Medill McCormick,jumiuia; Diana, maiana; uoonrae,Kansas; Caldwell, New York; Siegal,New York; Lunn, New York; ScottFerris, Oklahoma; Scott, Pennsylvania, and Garrett. Tennessee.fe fe taamamamamampmpmF. and O. Time-TableNo.2 Frankfort, Ky.,4 Frankfort, Ky.,No. " - ir "1 Frankfort, Xr.,3 Frankfort, Ky.,TRAINS ARRIVE ,From ' ArriveDaily Except Sunday -. J:38 amDaily Except Sunday - 5:50 gmTRAINS DEPART' -i5or Tv"- im xeftveDaily Except Sunday . . -lv- -f:5? amDftily Bxcf t Sunday .... t? -.v . . , . . :Z& pmI was surprised to hear about Roy'stwins, but gaess he could noo help itHow is mother and dad been gettingalong this summer? I hope Ida hada good "time on her trip out West. Iwill stop for it is getting time forsupper. Write me whenever you can.Love to both you and Ida.Your brother,BISHOP BATTERTON.fe teSTATE SPECIAL AGENT REPORTS?.MMf WHEAT CROP."THE AMERICANS CREED"."I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by thetpeople,,for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable;established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I.therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agaiist allenemies."LEXINGTON, KY., Aug. 12. Fourhundred,, and forty-four thousandbushels o 'wheat threshed in 29counties of fcKtfState during July,according to the report of the thresherman whiclrwas wired Thursday totthe United States bureau of marketsby John'R. Humphrey, head of thedepartment of markets, University ofKentucky, who has been appointedspecial agent for forty-one countiesto gather this information.This amount of wheat was threshed from 24,000 acres, an average ofeighteen bushels to the acre. Compared with the threshermen's reportin these counties last year this is anincrease of approximately 50 percent.Up to this year, Mr. Humphreysaid, Kentucky has never been ableto furnish its own bread and it is insuch States that the Food Administration is anxious to have the wheatproduction increased in order not tobe a draft on the great wheat States.In the report of the twenty-ninecounties, Bourbon County leads witha production of 56,274 bushels.Woodford ranks- second with4,755bushels. Other leading counties thathave reported are: Boyle, 36,030;Clark, 32,610; Warrerf, 0,7;Webster, 25,105, and LaRue, 23,113.Reports from Fayette County-Jiavenot yet been made. One 'thresherman, however, reported 5,202 UusheTs.All farmers who have not yet "macle areport are asked by Mr. Humphreyto do so at once. r r ;Another thresher's war emergencyreport on wheat production will ''Bemade for August. The othe coupties of the State, which are -not' included in Mr. Humphrey,s'-repoft,make their reports to county agents.According to Mr. Humphrey thewheat production in Kentucky thisyear will exceed 11,000,000 bushels,an increase of over 2,000,000 bushelsover last year.A BILIOUS ATTACK.When you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perform its functions. You become constipated. Thefood you eat ferments in your stom-l ach and causes nausea, vomiting anda terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone up your liver, clean out yourstomach and you will soon be as wellas ever. They only cost a quarter.(adv-aug)THE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened withChamberlain's Liniment anjl boundon over the seafof pain is often moreeffectual for a lame back than a plaster and does not'cost anything likeas much. - "(adr-tuj)FARMERS"SMUTTY"MUST NOT EDWHEAT TO SJTOCK.W. E. Simms, district Food Administrator, is in receipt of a bulletin from State Food 'AdministratorF. M. Sackett, of Louisville, statingthat there is considerable smuttywheat in certain parts of the State,and he Is daily receiving letters asking permission to feed it to stock.This is entirely against the rules ofthe Food Administration, as it is notpermissible for wheat to be fed to. v .,, w.-.w.Smutty wheat can be reclaimed,and the Administration has been advised that the Liberty Mills, of Nashville, Tenn., a,nd Ballard & Ballard,of Louis ville, Ky., are equipped tohandle it. Wheat that is damp canalso, in all cases, be reclaimed by drying either in mchanicalv;dtyersX'at-;tached to flour mills, or by spreadingIn the 'sun, the bulletin aays.IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT AhPIP1LESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream Separators- Call and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYHELP WIN THE WAR!& Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CiLNNON,Local ManagerBourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4I , im i MMi i , iiiIWest Fifh StreetKSATISFACTION IraOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areV i prepared to do work infe-nor to none, auu auucityour patronage.IIKIIThe BbtM-feh LaundrjrParis, KentuckyxIIK, V V -s.:r-is vw? !Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing your order. Call usover Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.StMl Thai Nxt lob off Priotiiig to TImBourbon Nw. Bost Work; Mrt PricosT-Mr-"flgaty-Hfin- 'THI BOCKflOW MfWS, PARES, KY.-?" .'ji"."L"j"sjs ,,,3n, . " ,.T?F?Di-Y' GWt., lilf. t5' 1 i - ..--; !,-a. sv - -S4' - - r, limn i i i n ii ii 1 1 ii ii m 1 1 1 1 1 1 nil 1 1 1 1 i Vi n nutcSSff ' THt. PARISIfcaaMMaAMIMiMMMiiAND ALAMO. --! i.TifcGRANDIft.ElMiifgfi.Hr, -.. Vp rFtJiI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSJ. Ct& . or Home 2S6"" TWI7 ndSiicthStreets.Nfotor equipment. , ,.; Ambulance call promptly attended to with ouraLimousme invalid voacmHearse used for funeral purposes only.TaaBTaTafBaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaT v. . ?. BmTiimnniiiitimi ninnini 1 1 1 mm i 1 1 1 1 1 1vicinity. He was a bachelor and badmade his home with his mother upto the time of his death: te was amember of the Paris Methodistchurch. He is survived by threebrothers, Mr. J. W. Jacoby, Mr. M.R. Jacoby and Mr." J. L. Jacoby, hismother, Mrs. Agnes Jacoby, and onesister, Mrs. A. M. Hay, all of thiscounty.&DEATHS.' --'BILLS.:The funeral of Bmmett Lee; Bills'saged five, son of Mr. and Mrs. GuyIBIUs, who died Saturday aftero'onKt the home of his parents, I 'ueac. 3cksonville, this county, of typhoidiSferer, was held at the grave in the-3cksonville Cemetery. He is survivtaai by one brother, Julian Bills, andSSferee sisters, Misses Stella, Viola andHjeana Bills. -r jr '.t '7ir.i- -..jiamily to move away. The old home: where they resided in North TVIiddle'town is v now owned by Mrs. M. MV.Bacon while the James C. Brown(famjly owned and occupied the Loweproperty, now occupied by Mr. Win.fRedmoa and family:JACOBY.i- -ii'BROWN.3tfrs. Kate Brown, who died in"Winchester Tast week, was the widowa& "Mr. James C. Brown, and was forsMray years a resident of North Midrfsjftetown, moving some time ago tosMt. Sterling. The Brown family-wke -iene of the pioneer families of"asdrfh. Middletown, Mr. James C.JJJeown being the last member of theThe funeral of Mr. John S. Jacoby;aged fifty-ene, whodied at the homeof his mother, Mrs. Agnes Jacoby,r.ear"Hutclilson, in this county, Sat-Jurday afternoon, after a lingeringillness of Bright's disease, was heldat the-.family home, Sunday afternoon at five o'clock.- Services wereconducted by Rev. P. S. Rhodes,- pastor of the Clintonville church. Theburial .followed in the Paris Cemetei v fThe ' pall-bearers were George Jacoby. "Lyle Jacoby, Jos. Jacoby, Jas.Jacoby and Dr. William Kenney.Mr. Jacoby was a son of the lateMr. Jacob Jacoby, for many years awell-known farmer in the HutchisonTuesday, August 13thA.M. WOODS -, !, Presents his Broadway Isuccesp"The Guilty Man"The story is one of gripping interest, dealing ;vvith the life of a Parisian ' dancer andher illegitimate daughter. - "- Wm. Duncan and Edith Johnson in"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"Alsotht Last Episodt of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"it, .Wednesday, August 14thGeo. M. Cohanin his own famous play"HIT-THE -TRAILHOLLIDAY"j An Artcraft Picture.ALSOLUKE COMEDY Alto PATHE NEWSFEATURE -Thursday, August 15thConstance Talmadge(more charming than ever)IN"UP THE ROAD WITHSALLIEQuarantined. "Wfith burglars in She housestill she laughs and so win you. 'Mutt and Jciff l Comedy,Extra Quick Lunch," andPathe (New Feature.PritesjAt the Alamo Children5c war.tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c:At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax-2c:Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.rLAFFERTY.. -.Mrs. Frances Elizabeth-Lafferty,aged eighty, died at the Harrison County Hospital, in Cynthiana,Saturday night, Irom the effects ofa stroke of paralysis sustained several weeks ago. Mrs. Lafferty wasthe grandmother of Mr. Wayne Lafferty, who was for some tiriie a resident of Paris, while in the employof the Louisville & Nashville railroad, company.She is survived by four sons, W.T. Lafferty, Dean of the Law Department of the State University at Lexington; J. F. Lafferty, of South Bend,Ind.; John Lafferty, of Danville,111., and D. N. Lafferty, of Harrisoncounty; four daughters, Mrs. J. P.,Chamherlain, and Mrs. Joe H.Ewalt, of Harrison county; Mrs.Frank McMurtry, of Cynthiana, andMrs. H. J. Martin, of Louisville.The funeral was held at the Christian church, in Cynthian, Sundayafternoon at four o'clock, with services conducted by RevJ. D. Armistead.. The burial followed on thefamily lot in Battle Grove Cemetery.The pall-bearers were her grandsons,Wayne Lafferty, Lee Taylor, BillyTaylor, Marvin Chamberlain,Ewalt and Bryan McMurtry.CarlMERRINGER.viji1-.1Wati-dKJw- r ;t5t-i-;JAl'SIr.- 17Csk?Vi4?. V3sc-d'31?.-Aspi0psVi.j nQ99rrlgkiJmjL, B. XimkbamOo.IF YOU BUY YOURCLOTHES HEREiMTly011 uy yur clothes here you are sure' to get the best the market af-'St-Railroad men passing along therailroad tracks in the rear of theresidence of Mr. John Merringer, Sr.,on South Main street, at an earlyhour yesterday morning, discoveredthe 'body of Mr. Merringer lying ina path in shis garden, where he hadbeen, at work for some time. Theynotified the members of the family,who were at home, and an investigation disclosed the fact that he wasdead. Death resulted from heartdisease superinduced by Bright'sdisease, fromwhiclthe had been asufferer for some' time".Mr. Merringer was a native ofParis, where he was born fifty-nineyears ago. He was a son o Mons.Michael and Mrs. Merringer, whocame to Paris from their nativeprovince of Lorraine, France, in theearly days of Paris, and operated anextensive truck garden an the property on Houston avenue, which isnow built up in residences. The deceased assisted his parents In cultivating their gardens, which becamenoted in this section for the qualityof their products. Some years agohe engaged in the truck garden business, having purchased a small farmon the CHntonville pike, near Paris.The insidious disease which hadfastened on him compelled him to retire1 from active work some time ago,and he disposed of his farm, returning to Paris to reside. Mr. Merringer was a straight-forward, upright citizen who had many 'friendswho will regret his passing. -Mr. Merringer is survived by hiswife, who was formerly Miss AnnieConnelly, two daughters, Miss AnnieMerringer and Mrs. Earl Culbertson,and three sons,. Councilman JohnMerrfnger, Mr. William Merringerand Mr. James Merringer, all ofParis. .' "The funeral will' take place at theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity at nine o'clock; to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, with services conducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. The buriar will follow inthe family lot in tire Catholic Cemetery. The pall-bearers- will be Martin Doyle, Martin (Weal; John C.Kane, John DeJarnett, John McGinley, and John J. ConnelLTopeka is to have women streetcar conductors.BIRTHS.On Saturday morningto therifeof Mr. Aylette1- Buckner, of nearParis, a handsome daughter. Mis.Buckner was formerly Miss VirginiaCrutcher, of Paris.1-JU-BOAT C0MMA3NBER WHO SAKKLUSITANL1 IS BEAD.Lieutenant Commander Schweiger.who commanded the submarine whichsank the Lusitani. is . dead. Bisdeath 'occurred in September, 1917,but has only now been admitted b7the .German Admirality," according toreports received in London.m m mMilwaukee machine shops employmore than 2000 women.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for tht txplration off your polisissand lot us havt sunt off your rtntwafsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankIfords, and from fhe best makers in the country. Every suit is boughtI J 3S5m ' with the greatest care, feeling that we must give the. best values of anyi. store in raris. - loung men ana men wui rma it a pleasure to buy here)first because pf the . service we give and because of the styles and. values we,give,Hart Schaffner & Marx and Kirschbaum are the makers of our fine clothes,'.'aadrwe invite you to come in and inspect these lines. : fx"We are also showing advancedstyles in Fall Hats from housesof Knox and Crofiitt & Knappi,-rsf.R P. WALSH.Virf-7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.THIS WEEKFinal ClearanceSale!PPMIn order to make roomfor our Fall Shoes, dailyarriving, we are compelled to make a clean, sweep sale and turn into cash the001balance of ourHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children's SummerShoes, Oxfords and Pumps at Great Sacrifice of PriceDon't miss your last opportunity to' buy extraordinary good quality footwear at afraction of their actual value. This space is too limited to give the numerous bargains that await you here. Visit our store and you will be convinced of these facts.tLadies' Patent Kid Button Shoes ttV 'fttt-. ,. MenlsTan and G.M.English$3.50 values at ..'. 2frX.SIS Shoes, Walk-Over, all sizes,' & AAT ,. , -n . 7 , t. . , - $4.5a values at $3.49Ladies'. Patent and Dull Kid -Pumps, Louis' and Low Heels, e ja Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best ,0 rtft$4.00 values at : .3Z.fls. makesall sizes, $4.00 values, at. ..$2.99Ladies'' Mahogany Tan Col. 'Men's White Canvas Oxfords,Pumps, Louis Heel, Welts, q; qo ' rubber goles, $3.00 values, at $199$4.50 values at .TO M(?n,g and Boyg, Q ShoegLadies' White Canvas Oxfords - ca Oxfords, $3:00 values' at $1.99and Pumps, $2.50 values at lo9. .; .iBoys" Black Laee School Shoes, QLadies' Kid and G. M. Shoes and ' "2.50 values, at.... -....a 1,79Slippers, broken sizes, $3.50 and ,- AO Children's Patent and White Canvas tttt$4. 00values at 5 "y Pupps, $lf 50 values, at . . . 99C' ' ' i J ' ' liLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots Oxfords andPumps, Walk-Over and other famous makes 'At FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES !Ladies White Sport Canvas 1 A AOxfords, $2.00 values,at...vIVUWhite Tennis Oxfords,75c values at49cDAN COHENWhere Beauty a$LEconoiny ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storei-i. - ,jiJi C 1 K- ' . i- - t t .Ml 'T)?nti$A '.lr "I'f $r