lteMiSMHPTH5t,- -THENEWS-V -t "- tvPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN HE YEAR.-v .VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1918BOURBON?SCHOOLS OPEN MONDAY WITHLAUGE ATTENDANCEThe public and private schools ofthe city opened Monday for the coming school term of 1918-19 with anaverage attendance, although, forvarious reasons, it was not, as anopener, quite up to that of last year.The old familiar tread and the joyous cries and bantering of the pupils as they passed through thestreets, en route to the schools andto their hojmes, was there and gavea sense of gayety to tne opening ofthe term.The City Schools opened with unusual large attendance. One thous--andand fourteen registered and wereclassified to date, with many more tocome in. The enrollment when completed for the semester will be thelargest in the city's history.. By theclose of the week the entire schoolwill be housed above the basement.Domestic Science sewing room isbeing equipped by Miss Marrs, graduate of the Thomas School, Detroit.Miss Banister, graduate of the NewHaven School of Physical Culture ispreparing her equipment for Physical Culture.The Commercial Department isbeing enlarged with. CommercialGeography and Commercial Correspondence. Miss Ray, the director ofthis department, is developing italong the lines emphasized by thegovernment. Arrangements are being made to offer this course to thepublic.Plans are being made by the CitySchool whereby an evening FrenchSchool will be opened for draftedmen. In this school all drafted menbetween the ages of 18 to 45 will betaught conversational French without charge.With Superintendent Lee Kirkpatrick in charge the Paris PublicSchool bids fair to have a most successful year. The faculty is composed of teachers of accredited standingand long experience. Owing, to thebusy times incident to getting readyand getting everything in shipshapefor the teachers and pupils, the enrollment figures showing the attendance were not available yesterday.The attendance at the coloredschool, the Western Higb. School,was fully as good as that of last year.The opening day found the teachersand the pupils all eager and readyfor the serious work before them.Announcement made last weekthat all children attending the public and county schools must be vaccinated, and the further fact that thefarmers had asked that their boysold enough to work be perpiitted toFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NSWFALL LINES-v.-fnMisses and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMissesf and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, -Misses' and Ladies'COATS- iFRANKSTILL SOME JOYRIDERS.As a war necessary to save gasolinefor war use the recent order fromthe Government for the suppressionof joyriding and the useless use ofautomobiles on Sunday has been generally observed. There have beensome few exceptions here in Paris.Last Sunday a committee of citizens took the numbers and names ofoccupants, the latter as far as couldbe obtained, of automobiles in usecontrary to the Governmental order.The list was a carefully compiled one,and covers several typewritten pages.These are being held for future reference. It was decided to give theslackers a little more grace. If theypersist in this wanton and flagrantdisregard of the order, they will beprosecuted. Patriotic people generally, complied with the request, butthe selfish people who loved theirown pleasure better than their country did not.It has been suggested that the CityCouncil pass an ordinance forbidding any machines being used on thestreets of Paris on Sunday save foractual church attendance or for relief of suffering or distress, a violation of the ordinance to be punishedby a fine of $25.00 assessed againstthe machine, and the machine to beheld to secure payment of the fineand costs. This when collected wouldbe paid over to the Red Cross Society to supplement its war relief fund.help harvest the crops, were amongthe many reasons that prevented alarge attendance on the opening day.Four of the schools, Ruddles Mills,Mcllvaine, Eals and Burris, had noformal opening, as the teachers selected found that they could not obtain board and lodging within aReasonable distance of the school, andsent in their resignations. The trustees of these schools have taken thematter in hand and are trying tomake satisfactory arrangements. Atthe Centerville-Hill consolidatedschool one of the teachers did hot appear. The place will be filled lateron.The Negro Manual Training Schoolat Little Rock opened Monday withthe best enrollment it has had inmany years. This school is in chargeof Prof. C. T. Cook. Many of the patrons of the school were present onthe opening day. The teachers in theschool are Prof. C. A. Davis, formerlyof Lincoln Institute, in Missouri,Nina Todd, of Walden University,and Mrs. P. L. Bryd, of the HamdenInstitute. - -! (.& COIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.,Mrs. Thomas Sadler, of Vine street,has received a card from her brother,Private George Fisher Collins, notifying her of his safe arrival overseas.Private Collins left Paris on June 28,and was in four different army campsbefore being sent overseas.Mrs. Oliver Hazelrigg, of Paris, received information fropn her husband,to the effect that he was at the timehis letter was written, in an armyhospital in France, but that he was!not seriouly ill, with the prospect ofbeing soon able to return to thefront.A letter received recently by Mil-lersurg relatives trom Miss AlmaDuke Jones written from Washing-,ion, u. j., stated tnat she had enlisted in the U. S. Navy for a four years'term, for snecial service. Miss Jones'duties will be of a clerical nature in'the navy yards or in departmentalwork.Mrs. R. G. Breeze, of near Paris,!nas received a postcard from her son,Private Stanley L. Breeze, announc-;ing his safe arrival in France, as a'member of the American Expeditionary Force. She also received wordthat Corp. Madison Breeze had beentransferred from the West Point, Ky.,artillery camp to an Eastern camp.The ranks of the army and navyhave since the beginning of the warclaimed, to date, a total of fifty-fouryoung men who were at some time,pupils of Prof. E. M. Costello. One otthe number, Bishop Batterton, ofParis, has made the supreme sacrificeby giving up his life in the defenseof his country.Private Claude Wagoner, of Paris,who has been here for several days ona furlough, will return to-morrow toCamp Meade, Maryland, where he isa member of Co. M., Seventeenth Infantry, U. S. A. Private Wagonersays the boys in the camp are ill infine health and good spirits, and, hoping for a chance to "go over yonder"as soon as possible.Private Embry Kimball, who isstationed at Ft. Benjamin Harrison.n- TX -.cl,. T" J t.'.- t- CAucai j.uuiiUctyLriiA, xiiu., lias UtJtJJl '&'guest tor several days of relatives inthis city and county, on a furlough.Private Kimball says, as do all otherswho have gone into Uncle Sari's service, that "it is the life, and themeans of making men out of crudeboys."Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, ofParis, have received information tothe effect that their son, Sergt. LeoHayden, had made the overseas tripsafely and was in good health. Sergt.Hayden had been in intensive training at Camp Crain, near PhiladeUphia. He has been twice promoted,first to the rank of Corporal, and thento Sergeant. He is in the Army Medical Division.Mrs. John T. Hinton has receiveda letter from Mrs. Wheat, of Louisville, stating that she had just heardfrom her daughter, Mrs. Burkley,formerly Miss Emily May Wheat, ofLouisville, from overseas. Mrs. Burkley said that she was now in activeservice as bactereoligist with the Dr.Goodwin Base Hospital Unit frojmVirginia. Mrs. Burkley will be wellremembered here where she frequently visited.The casualty lists in the dailiestell of another Central Kentuckyboy, well-known in Paris, Lieut. Jos.E. Torrence, of Cynthiana, as havingbeen severely wounded in action onJuly 17. Lieut. Torrence is still fn aFrench hospital. He went overseasabout the same time as did Lieut.Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris Lieut.Hutchcraft and Torrence both attended the University of Kentucky atLexington.Midshipjman Oliver W. Grimes, ofGeorgetown, who is a first-class manat tne Annapolis Naval Academy, wasa recent guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Dale, in this city, and of relatives!m uynthlana. Mr. Gaines has twenty days leave of absence, which he isdividing between the home of hismother, Mrs. Lillie Gaines, in Covington, and his former homes inGeorgetown and Cynthiana. Mr.Gaines during the summer wasaboard the battleships Nevada andMississippi, on which two Paris boyswere stationed. He will return toAnnapolis next week and will complete his course, graduate and receive his compassion. He is a nephewof Mr. Dale.In a letter . .from France to hismother, Mrs. George Parker, Jamesl.u ranter, of Pans, tells-encouragingnews from the front. He says sinpart:"I guess you know that the Americans .are driving the Huns backevery day, bo I expect to be backhome before long. The Germans tryto get us every way, but we are tooquick for thorn. Thev snealr nvr hqat night in aifplanes-and drop bombsano try w get, us that way. A German plane seldom ever gets back toGermany when they try that, because an Allied ilane gets them.Germany ill.nave to stop soon, orthere won't be. any Germans in, thorJrld,v I-anijrbfnsr. to wrti-rkPARIOTIC BOURBON COUNTY MENIN REGISTRATION..Although the figures in yesterday'sregistration of men between the agesof eighteen and forty-five in this cityand county were not available at thehour of going to press last night, itis the belief that the full quota ofBourbon county met the test of patriotism and registered for service totheir country at a future date. Allday and as late as nine o'clock lastnight there was a steady stream ofmen to the different voting places inthe city and county where theirnames were taken by the registrarsand their cards issued.Because the, day that brought tothe 'manhood of Bourbon county theglorious privilege of enrolling theirnames for the service of the nationis destined to rank in history withsuch flaming dates as July 4, the dateof Thursday, September 12, will beforever memorable in the annals ofthe county. It was given out -as anestimate before the close of the registrations last night that Bourbon'squota of 2,060 had been registered,and perhaps more than that number.It was even, hinted that some of theolder ones expressed a desiie to beknown as inside the required age.And all the more honor to them.By way of giving zest to the registration the Liberty Drum and Bugle Corps paraded the city streets,and by their martial music stirredthe draftees to more haste to get tothe places of registration, so thattheir names might be sure to be placed m the "Honor Roll."Estimates of the men who registered yesterday throughout the Stateby Maj. Henry Rhodes, showed thefollowing quotas given for Central'Kentucky:Bath, 1,397; Bourbon, 2,060;Clark, 1,851; Fayette, 1,459; Fleming, 1,629; Franklin, 1,886; Harrison, 1,631; Henry, 1,461; Jessamine,1,324; Lexington, 4,399; Madison,2,633; Mason, 1,919; Mercer, 1,460;Montgomery, 1,235; Nicholas, 1,041;Pendleton, 1,210; Scott, 1,761;Shelby, 1,837; Woodford, 1,344.Provost Marshal General Crowderannounced that the first call to thecolors of men who registered yesterday will include men in the 19 and20-year-old classes and in the classesfrom 32 to. 36 years, inclusive.Questionnaires will go first to registrants within these specified agelimits, and local boards will be ordered to classify them first in readinessfor. calls beginning in October.Young men in the 19 and 20-year-oldclasses, Gen. Crowder said, willbe accepted for induction into theStudents' Army Training Corps, buthe pointed out that the authorizedstrength of this corps ispnly 150,000men, whereas the total number ofregistants below 20 will be over3,000,000.FOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)f31 3 V9& -HON. J. C. S. BLACKBURN DEAD.Former Senator Joseph C. S. Blackburn, of Woodford county, Ky., diedat his home in Washington yesterday.He had not been in good health forsome time. "Porter-a German helmet soon. Haveit now, but can't send it to him yet."Several unusually interesting letters from soldiers are printed in thisissue. The letters were received toolate for publication in Tuesday'sissue, but have lost none of their interesting features by being held ovenuntil to-day's issue.A card .has been received fromSergeant Albert Johnson, stating thathe had arrived safely overseas. Heis a member of Hospital Unit No. 8.Private Harvey Johnson, formerlyof 238th Co., Marines, at ParisIsland, S. C, has been made a marksman and transferred to the First Co.,11th Regt. of Artillery, and is nowstationed at Quantico, "Va., preparingto leave for "over there."Mr. and Mrs.- Henry J. Santen, ofParis, received a card Wednesdavfrom their son, Mr. Bernard J. Santen, announcing his safe arrival overseas. Mr. Santen was transferredsome time ago from Camp ZacharyTaylor, to an army camp near NewOrleans, La., where he was engagedin a clerical capacity fh the Quartermaster's Corps'.The Saturday Evening Post of lastweek, Sept. 7, contained a fine picture of Sergeant Lawrence James anda comrade taken in a dug-out "somewhere in France." The likeness ison page, 2 6, under the heading of"OmvBoys" Sergeant James hasbeen in France only a short while,naving been on the Mexican borderfor the past two years. A letter fromMr. James appears on page 3 of today's NEWS.Miss Jennie James, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Jaimes. of FourthStreet, thin ottv in thA rpHctrotinn;for women in Paris held last week,registered as a driver 'of auto trucksand applied for permission to go toFrance in that capacity. Her papershave been sent to the War Department at Washington, and she hopesto be in the service soon for a fewmonths' training. Miss James is atpresent engaged as stenographer fora-Lexington concern. She has twoi uncles in the service. r"DAM QUESTION" ABOUT TO BESETTLED.A fair and eauitable snlntinn nfthe long mooted "new dam" matter,which has been a bone of contentionbetween the city of Paris, and theParis Milling Co., seems in prospect.For several months the matter hasbeen in dispute between the Louisville & Nashville railroad, the cityor pans, tne Paris Milling Co., andthe Paris Water Co., the question oferecting a new dam or repairing theold one being the main point in theargument. The dam which Is locatednear the plant of the Paris MillingCo., has fallen into a bad state of repair, and it was agreed that something must be done in order to conserve the water supply.According to reliable informationit was stated yesterday that an agreement had at last been reached bywhich the Paris Water Co. and theParis Milling Co. will jointly standthe expense of a new dam to be builtby the Louisville & Nashville, undersupervision of the railroad company'sengineers. The agreement will alsocause the withdrawal of a suit fordamages filed by the Paris MillingCo. against the Louisville & Nashville. The specifications have been completed by the Louisville & Nashville'sengineers and draughtsmen, the location of the new structure decidedupon at a point just below the present structure, and the estimates andplans, etc., submitted to the head officials of the company at Louisville fortheir inspection and approval. Whenthis has been completed a large forceof men will be put to work on thenew dam.mi a mTHERA BARA Of A MOST SEDUCTIVE HOLE.Clad in robes of regal richness,seated in the (midst of canopied estate, clasping to her bosom a twiningasp, Egypt's greatest Queen, Cleopatara, the last of the Ptolemys, expired. This is what Theda Bara did for"Cleopatra," the Fox "wonder film,and it is but one of a number of features of similar calibre in which, thisfamous screen actress, tis starred."Cleopatra" is the greatest -and mostsuitable character for the display ofthe talents of this rare star.Never in her life has Miss Baraentered so earnestly nto a characterization as she has into "Cleopatra." Not content "with a merecasual and superficial study of thecharacter, Miss Bara has delved intoall the historial records at her command, in regard to the savagely-imperious,(magically-alluring Queen,about whom controversy has iagedduring all the centuries since shelived.At the Alamo and Paris Grandnext Tuesday, Sept. 17.fe to feHolding a man's nose to the grindstone is a poor way to sharpen hiswits.WE KNOW HOWJS FALL HATSAre Now Ready' yExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSII1All the new shades seal brown, snuff, applegreen, bottle green, pearl,. Oxford greys and blacks.Scratch Finish Hats and Velours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock.prices--$5 toThe Stetson Feature Hat at $6r00, a very styHshhat that you will find very becoming to the averageI".' man.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE; Sole Agents JFor'Nettletor and Dt. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesTHE STATE FAIR.A big crowd greeted the annualexhibition opened by the Stat Fairmanagement at Louisville'. About 15,000 persons passed through the gate.A "thriller" not on the program vrmfurnished when one of the membersof the American team in the autopolo contest was seriously injuredwhen his car turned over on. h.Other "thrillers" on the programlived up to their advance notice.The exhibits and attractions aU beara decided wartime appearance.Bourbon county is well represented in the big show rings, especiallyin the saddle horse and line cattledivisions. The first defeat sufferedthus far by McCray Bros., of NorthMiddletown, was when their 'entry.Highland Choice, went down beforeRichelieu King, owned by PowhatanWoolridge, of Louisville. In the saddle (mare division McCray BrosNicollette was third. In the Anharness pair class, Chas. T. Best, ofParis, came third with The AmericanGirl and running mate.On Wednesday's program Rev. "W.E. Ellis, of Paris, won the blue ribbon on an entry in the Red Duroc hog?class. The award carried with it thechampionship of the State in thatclass.In the fatted cattle section prizeswere awarded Tuesday. The blueribbons for one-year-old feeders weretaken by the stock entered by Caywood & Caldwell, of Paris. Theyalso won two firsts in the fatted two-year-oldclass. In the fatted Shorthorn section Harvey Chenault, ofRichjmond, won two blue ribbons, twoseconds and also the two purplegrand championship awards.The sheep section is also stronglyrepresented. The number and variety is far in excess of the exhibits oflast year. Judging in that sectiontook place Tuesday afternoon in thearena. Kentucky-bred sheep presented a very strong display.m Wi HiMR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuableto risk titter in Flro or WindStorm. Insure against oithoror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Both Phones 45.(30aug-6t)SOLDIERS MAY GET BALLOTS BEFORE ELECTION.Soldiers who will be awayfromhome on election day may call fortheir ballots sixty days before theelection, Attorney General Morriswas asked if the soldiers could callfor their ballots before registrationday. He held they could. He alsoheld that absentees, which includessoldiers, sailors or civilians, who areaway from home on registration daymay register by mail.IX-tXa1I.1I1::::1::I1KI$10j --.vn - .T-i" .IaIKIXIXI.Eiirmm3rH!4vitrmt'u555ixanKiIf-"SlfiSTWO4IBE BOURBON NEWS3hfeUzs?ied 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationJftritffclied Erery Tuesday and Eridaylr Zear. . ?2.00 6 Months. . ?1.00Payable in Adavance.r-Wnr CHAMP, EdiUr and Owner,Any erroneous reflection upon thefltagsoter. standing or reputation otmmj person, firm or corporation which-Miy appear in the columns ot THE3BKWJRBON NEWS will be gladly cor-lit brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATES""" Ssglay Advertisements, $1.00 perMHk'Cor first time; 50 cents per inchict"iit)sequent insertion.Reeding Notices, 10 cents per linetimdk' Ssgufc; reading notices in black$ppe;--20?cnts per line, each issue. '- Ok of thanks,, calls on candl-ftrta gy ' obituaries and resolutions, and--steir matter, 10 cents per line.$Ipoc$kl, rates for large advertiserajptg'and yearly contracts."Rie 'right of publisher is reservedcfs sllneany advertisement or otherstt?rfor publication..ftiwouncements for political officest Mini! ay&riably be accompanied by4fee csh;'- This paper has enlistedth the government in theivse of America for theiod of the-warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.. ...V"fTroubles in The Five-Cent Store.One of the principal five and ten- smtstore managers in Washington' vwxtotis that "'it is about time t6 tie- 'TAe.scrSpe on the five cent piece of 'our.forefathers, since you can -no longer3tecy st-lgbod five cent cigar, a packageoFfcigarettes, a full grown orange, orat. roll 'of 'life-saver candies with it,r3iSe the number of articles sold for.iiaeGoin in the stores with the red"Septals are becoming fewer in cum-cr.'TT The same authority declares? that the five-cent piece has shriveled"anffl it actually represents about' oixe&klf the purchasing power that itif- Aaoln the days when Woolworth.,3xesge, McCrory, et el, discoveredikefcr recipes for getting rich.I'CSferk's wages in the five and ten-ceht-storesl-have advanced from fifty"4a.Jie,anin.dTed per cent. The differ-- at'JementsiSurrounding the kind of"ffiierchandising are of a good deal ofr' anterest at the present time, when theSruggist has nothing left on hisshelves that sells for five cents, andTBiizsL. the grocer refuses to cut offenough cheese to bait a mouse trap'or Ttess han a ten cent coin. Thenickel is struggling hard to main-tzssL its ancient respectability in theconsmercial world, but as it lost out- JSn.d2iB jitney experiment, so is it los--idbag. ottt Tnall lines of trade and in-li8Efcr3nr''".The";"W6blworth stores are? "l-ilwrihg to "their time-honored pol-icy afe'kantiling only five and ten cent. mrfioles of merchandise, but In doing'Oiisloth off the' bolt that formerlysfdM. by the yard is now displayed at""tea. Cnts' for a qtiaTter "yard."yriH-ng paper in bulk and' in pack-,-caeszTpnains in the five cent zone,?- :&2"ishrihkage in quantity and deter-f aUKtaon in quality forbids that the""jxaonacLbtiitF srHl move into the tenveent class. The Kresge and1' Mc-"Crorysestablishments are desertingaista'ahdrten cent standards, and in-iyninfcjrable articles have been-ad--rooifced by them to fifteen, twenty andtwMtfty-five cents, and even higher.Tswrare and earthenware, for in-cslece, that has permanently parted"corapany with the Woolworth storessince it can no longer be sold within- their price limits, remains on the- afcelves and counters of the "inde-'speaSen3s," but at the advanced fig-- aires.The cake of soap on the five-centcounter is getting so small that one"rHl be compelled to look for it with-' - spy glass before long; five-centtowels have moved up in the world-nl mothing "less than a ten centieco accompiisnes tneir removal:from aStore -of the five-and-teners. I' "The iive cent package of needles isaio more, and the girls at the countertells you that "imported goods like' them that comes over from England- atnd France can't be sold no more forless' tnan ten cents, -and you re Jitaighty lucky to get them so cheap."Handkerchiefs are not" imported, butXK&y have kissed the five-cent counterx permanent good-bye, -and now dis-: ;pof r"1 themselves among ten centrgbods." The'flveent counter df-pins"that never were any good at anyprice, have shown an ambition to'im-rove their status in society, and they Jnave siarten x.o cumo cue price iaafler, with the result' that they havealready changed their relations with-"tfce 'purchasing" power of the nickel.Safety pins have much the same record, .and instead of two cards for1 amickol "fc57 are now exactly doubleJHi&t pr.lte. Glassware has had a diswinsomenickel, and the best youcan 5do 1lnthat-tnjmeis to buy three tumblersfofia'dime.' The glass dishes thai formerly sold at five' cents have all moved over onto the ten-cent counters.Parawax, used in preserving, hasjumped from the five-cent to the tencent price; and candles are renewingtheir youth and are now five centsapiece and going up. Safety matchesthat formerly sold at five cents perdozen boxes are now on the counteracross the aisle marked up "eightboxes for a dime," and coat hangershave advanced a clear one hundredper cent, so that good ones are nolonger obtained for less than a dime.The conditions as pictured inWashington are found to obtain inall parts of the country, and they aresignificant in showing the constantlydiminishing power of the time-honorednickel.KENTUCKY'S PART IN UNITEDWAR WORK CAMPAIGN.Kentucky's part in the great nation-widewar drive to raise ?170,500,000 for the comfort and moraleof the boys serving with the flag"over there," "over here" and withthe battleships everywhere, will beenthusiastically boosted at a bigmeeting to be held at theSeelbachHotel, in Louisville, to-day, Friday,Sept. 13th, and will be attended byrepresentatives from all parts of theState.- The great national United WarWork Campaign is to be carried onjointly by-the seven welfare bodiesrecognized by the War Department inEurope. This is at the suggestion ofPresident Wilson and the followingorganizations will participate: TheY. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., theKnights of Columbus, the JewishWelfare Board, the American LibraryAssociation, the War Camp Community Service and the Salvation Army.As originally planned, the weekof Nov. 11th, was to be given overto the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W, C. A.,the War Camp Community Serviceand the American Library Association to raise $130,500,000 for theirunited work the coming year. TheKnights of Columbus, the JewishWelfare Board and the SalvationArmy were to stage a similar drivethe middle of January. At the recentrequest of President Wilson all sevenagencies are now to unite in one bigdrive the week of November 11th andthe goal has been set at $170,500,000,the largest sum ever proposed forsuch a purpose in the history of theworld.Definite plans for the campaignwill be outlined at a complimentaryluncheon to be held at the SeelbachHotel in Louisville, Friday at noon,and will be addressed by the following speakers, Sherwood Eddy, NewYork; W. P. Sidley, Chicago; Leonard Paulson, Chicago; Mrs. Henry P.Davidson, of New York, and others.This meeting will be attended byrepresntatives of the seven agenciesfrom all parts of the State and willbe the largest conference of its kindever held in Kentucky.fe fe ?iDON'T CRIPPLE PRODUCTION.(New York Commercial.)We must conserve money and creditfor the winning of the war, but wemust not cripple production. Thecost of this war must come out ofthe wealth we create as we go along.Banks are the trustees of the people.Their actual capital is only a dropin the bucket. Ninety per cent, ofthe money they lend consists of thedeposits they receive, and these deposits come from the people who produce real wealth. If the banks areforced to refuse money to merchantsand manufacturers, and trade and industries are crippled, the sources oftaxation and subscriptions for liberty bonds will be dried up. America is threatened with interferenceswith ordinary business that maylessen the ability of the people tosupply the sinews -of' war.- For thisreason official letters of J advice tobanks to curtail the extension ofcredit are creating anxiety. The better way would be to stimulate production and create new wealth uponwhich' the G'oVefrfmeht could draw.CHANGE NOTION' ABOUTCALOMEL.New Variety Called Calotabs Is Perfect Safe and DelightfulWith all of the liver cleansing andsystem purifying qualities of the oldstyle calomel, but robbed of its sickening, griping and dangerous effects,Calotabs is destined to become themost popular of all home remedies, asit has already become the favorite ofall physicians.The new style calomel, called Calotabs, is perfectly delightful in effect.One tablet at bedtime with a swallowof water that's all . No nausea, -nogriping. Next morning you awakefeeling fine, your liver active, yoursystem purified and with a hearty ap-petite for breakfast. Eat what youplease, there is no restriction of habitor diet.Genuine Calotabs are never sold inbulk. Ask for the original, sealedpackage, price thirty-five cents. Yourdruggist recommends and guaranteesCalotabs. (adv)P3 Bj HlaUALEEICATIONS FOE ADMISSIONTO S.A.T. C.President Ganfield, of Centre College, Danville, on Tuesday, receivedthe following telegram from Washington: "Admission to S. A. T. C. is confined to students graduated from stand-ard four years secondary schools, orhaving equivalent educational qualifications." The only girl city controller in thecountry is Mfss Bessie J"ownsend,who "has successfully filled the officein -."Atlantic City through three administrations.tinct "break" with theTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,LOCAL Y. M. C. A. ELECTS, NEWOFFICIALSt T TAt a meeting of th'e' Board of Directors of the Bourbon County Y". M; C.A., held at the 'building' on MainStreet, Tuesday, the election of officers and outlining their duties forthe ensuing year, resulted as follows: GENERAL SECRETARY.Z. L. Wilcox, Supervisor of entireAssociation program; training staff;promote men's and boys' work otherthan physical; develop extensionwork in community and county.PHYSICAL DIRECTOR.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith Gymnasium, men, business men and youngmen; High School, younger boys; C.& S. League; Girls' C. and S. Leagueswimming for men and boys; oversight of drills and out-door featuresof Boy Scouts; out-door work, C. andS. League; Association standard program; picnic; play" days and fieldmeets.FIRST ASSISTANT SECRETARY.O. L. Davis Superintendent building; records; cash receipts and sales;dormitory rentals; membership; statistics; finances and collections ofbuilding; pledges; war work pledges;membership fees; office Secretary andcounter man; Executive Secretary ofMen's Service League and BourbonCounty Gospel Workers; assistantwith men's work.SECOND ASSISTANT SECRETARY.Foster Mitchell Assistant Physical Director; gymnasium; supervisorlocker room and swims; out-doorwork; Assistant Scoutmaster; regular meetings; special meetings; hikesand out-door work; Assistant Officeand Boys' Secretary.Mr. T. K. Smith,Assistant Secretary,position as PhysicalM. I. in Millersburg,who retires ashas taken theDirector" at M.m "Psi ATO AILING WOMENA Little Sound Advice WillMany a Sufferer in Paris.HelpNo woman should consider herselfbealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that pass off in thesecretions when the kidneys are wellare retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is often thecause of bearing-down pains, lameness, backache, etc. Uric poisoning isalso frequent cause of headaches, dizzy spells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenever mykidneys have acted irreguarly or myback has been weak and lame, I haveused a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills. They have always relieved meof the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1 Ps feAMERCANS IN CANADA. SUBJECTTO DRAPT,LAWS.. wInstructions have been sent out toall registrars and deputy registrarsthroughout Canada under the military service act outlining proceedurein regard to the enlistment of American citizens of Canada subject to thedraft laws under the new CanadianAmerican convention.All male Americans of the ages of21 to 30, both inclusive, are givensixty days either to enlist or enrollvoluntarily in the Canadian expeditionary force or to claim diplomaticexemption. If at the expiration ofthe six,ty, days jthese men, have donenothing 'in regard to milltjuy servicethey automatically becQnie subject tothe Canadian draft, laws-,, The orderalso applies to Canadians' in the United States:MSS ELIZABETH B. GILTNEB.Piano and Violin,Studio 227 Seventh Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PARIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Public RentingOFBos well Farm!We will rent publicly at the courthouse door, at 2 o'clock, p. m., onSaturday, Sept. 14, 1918,the Boswell farm containing 140acres situated on Paris & Lexingtonpike, 1 Vi miles from Paris, with interurban stop in front of dwelling.To be cultivated as follows:About 40 acres in corn, 24 acresin wheat, 9 acres in .rye, 17 acres inclover, 7 acres in timothy and balance to remain in grass.Contract to be read at time of renting and note to be secured satisfactorily to the undersigned.This is an excellent farm with nicedwelling and is desirable in everyway.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUSTCOMPANY.'Guardian of Bo'swelLHeirs.(6sep-4t)KY.for- $isteNice flaton south side, over C.rP. Cpok grocery; all modern con-ventences9!(10-2t)JNO. T. HINTON.WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.HELP WANTEDMan, woman or boy to assist indairy work. Good wages and steadyemployment. Apply at once toMRS. J. TJ. BOARDMAN,Both Phones 224. Paris, Ky.(6-tf) .For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call' on or address, 'MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 98 Maiu St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Climb. Phone 374.(23-tf). WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)Wanted-Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundred.pounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds,Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Lighr Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass,12c per pound.Lead, 6c p'er pound.Zinc, 5y2c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and, Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound..Horse Hides, $6.50 for No.' l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings,, $1.50.. All F.' O. B. Lexington.We. also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPBYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.'! 'ON OUR .BARGAIN TABLES- - - ,,-Children's DressesTwo assortments98c and $1.49Children's Rompersat59c a pairCorset Coversa splendid assortment at35c eachBoys' WaistsValues up to 98c at ,49c eachLadies' Muslin Gownsa' good bargain at99c,cachBed QuiltsRegular $2.98 values ati.9SPumps and Oxfords$1.99 pairTwinBros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.fnSPECIALS- - INSPECTION 1kEEP YOUR SHOES HWaMA'( H ISHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTE$. FOR BLACK, WHITE. TAN, DARK 1BROWN OR OX.BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVE THE LEATHER. I1WF.F. PALLET COtFOKATIONS. LOOTED. IUFFALO. N. T. IThe Lexington C allege of MusicAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio, wfll be announced later. For information aaareps(aug 2-7t-F)MISS ANNAIndividual Instruction Received ByStudents of Fugazzi SchoolInsures Their SuccessSo says Miss Ada Banahan in a letter to Miss Fugazzi,which we are publishing in full below, as it is typical ofthe letters we ar,e receiving all the time from our formerstudents.. x June 25, 1917.Miss Irene Fugazzi,Fugazzi School of Business,Lexington, Ky.Dear Miss Fugazzi:Just a few lines to express to you my apprepreciation of what you and your excellent schoolhave done for me.I am holding a fine position which you helpedme secure and feel that it was your thorough,conscientious training that made me capable,, of,holding it. The individual instruction and "personal attention which you give your students insure their success. I shall always be glad torecommend your school to anyone who desiresto become really efficient.Yours very sincerely,ABA BANAHAN.If you have average ability we can do for you whatwe did for Miss Banahan.WE COURT A THOROUGH INVESIGATION. SPECIALCOACHING GIVEN FOR CI VILSERVCE CANDIDATES.Stnd For Free Catalogue.Our, catalogue giving full details and cost of tuitionis just off the press. Send or call for your copy it isfree for the asking.Day or Night Classes Special Summer rates now ineffect for the Full Business Course.For-further information write, phone or call at theschool. TFugazzi School of BusinessMis , Irene Fugazzi, .Principal: ,.Efficiency js Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, Ky.i " " .i iEEEEE rm 1GEO W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American, crop, then take the. procee'ds of-thls laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.) "'-Jr.wj ,?! J.J.iVEATCH. ,,jLnsmct juuu&erPttDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 191SCHANDLER GOFF, Director,Lexington, KentuckyIXi::1:KijW. H.-CAHH0H;Local lUiuttr.J,svFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1S18. 1TBI BOURBON NEWS. PAWS. ,rIIFTTFRS FROM RHITPRnw rnnwTv ISOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiiitt5IIUnder date of Aug. 3, Roger, Q.Thomson, Jr., grandson of Mrs. JoanT. Hinton, of Paris, sends a breezyletter from France. Mr. Thomson'sletter, which, is one of the most, interesting we have yet read, is as follows: "France, Aug. 3, 1918."Dear Auntie: I hope my letterwritten some ten days ago announcing my departure for the trainingcamp arrived 0. K. Had quite anenjoyable trip, stopping for a fewhours in Paris, France, on the wayliere. Our stay was of only a fewhours duration and I didn't havetime to see as much of the town as Iwould have liked. What I did seethough was well worth while. I amhoping to have a chance of lookingia over in (more leisurely fashion atsome future time."The training camp is well locatedin a very healthful, as well as beautiful, part of France. We are sufficiently far behind the lines to not haveto worry about aeroplane raids andtwelve-inch shells for a while now.It's quite a welcome change, too. Asthe English say, 'I got jolly well fedupon it.' I am glad to settle downfor a while in this section for another reason, i. e. all the troops areAmericans and we get honest-to-goodnessYankee grub. No more tea,cheese and jam like we have beenhaving to put up with in the past."I ran into a little hard luck mysecond day here by spraining myleft ankle.' However, it is comingalong nicely and I expect to be outon crutches within the next day orso. Of course this is rather disappointing at such a time as the present, when every pninute lost is equalalmost to an hour otherwise, but amstudying my manual, and this maypartly help to bridge over."I presume you folks back homehave been keeping up with the progress of events over here for the pastfew weeks. I can't help but wonderhow the Hun mind is going to readjust itself so as to account for thefighting qualities and results obtained by 'America's amateur army.' TheYanks have forced him to bring onhis best and best have been beaten.Wouldn't be a bit surprised to seesome very interesting political developments in Germany between nowand next spring.On'e of the boys here in the hospital with me me is just back fromthe sector where most of our fightinghas been going on. He says theyfound scores of Germans chained totheir guns and on one occasionfound German Red Cross women lying dead beside machine guns whichthey had been operating. It is reallypitiful the way the German Government deceives its subjects. On ourway down here one of the box carsin our train was filled with Germanprisoners. At one point along theroute we were held up a couple ofhours, so several of us went up tohave a look at the 'Fritzies.' Oneof our party fortunately could speakGerman. They wanted to know howmany Americans were over, and myfriend announced, 'Oh, a lot.' TheGerman then wanted to know if wehad as many as 100,000 troops overhere. Also whether Paris was stillin German hands. These are facts,from which you can judge how grossly untrue is the mlormation circulated among the troops by their Government. Please jm'ake allowance forthis scrawl. Am writing in bed withmy knees for a desk and results arenone too good."Don't worry about the ankle. Itis really progressing splendidly andI am confident I will be using it abit before another week is out.Please note the change in address.With love to all the family and bestregards to any inquiring friends, Iam"Your affectionate nephew,"ROGER D. THOMSON."My address is, Candidate RogerD. Thomson, Jr., A. C. S., A. P. 0.,714, American E. F., France.". ....0some one soon. Lam getting, alone-just hne. I think ,the condition, oyerhere is very goodjfor us boys, muchbetter than I expected. My healthisvgrand so you know I am,. onethankful boy and I hone to cnntimiP-.JEY.om what I can hear and see, Unclewaui uus sure nave tne Huns onthe run."I am on the Western front, somewuere on tne, Marne River, and youknow I. am experiencing quite a bit.I WOUld 'like to writA vrm onI toll3 ou all about the war conditions, butits against the rules. Just wait untilI get back to the States, then I cantell you all about it, for I know youwill be very interested in my story.And don't forget to write as often asyou can, for that's the only pleasurea soldier has, and that's a letter fromhome now and then."Give my regards to all. In closing my letter, I hope to N hear fromhqme soon. I am sending lots of loveto all."ALVIN M. THOMAS,Co. A., 6th U. S. Engrs., AmericanExpeditionary Force, France."bayonets, ctc5i if the -postal authorities would permit Give my regardsto all the boys.- v "HUTCH."J. XL. v t.Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr.,1st Lt. 166th Inf.Mrs. Charles Sauer, of Paris, is inreceipt of a letter from her brother,Mr. Alvin M. Thomas, formerly ofParis, who is in France as a memberof the American Expeditionary Force.The letter follows:"August 4, 1918."Dear Sister: I guess you are under the impression that I have forgotten you altogether. It seems likeI am never going to hear from youall. I have not received one letterfrom the States since I came over, although I am looking to hear fromMr. James Porter, of Louisville,formerly of Paris, sends THE NEWSthe following interesting letter fromNoah Clark, a Paris boy, who is nowin France in the service:"France, July 25, 1918."Dear Jim: I have been intendingto write for some time, but havebeen changing around so fast that Ihardly knew one day where I wouldbe the next. ,"Left Philadelphia, July 6, forHoboken and sailed from there on theManchuria. Had a fine trip over, asthe sea was as smooth as glass, and Idid not get sea sick, but I came sonear it that I was afraid to laugh atanybody else for feeding the fish."This is an old town and has a veryfine harbor, and the scenery is veryfine. I have not been on liberty yet,so don't know much about it, buteverything is wide open here and auniform don't put any lid on. Willhave to study up a little French before I go out by piy lonesome."They call this Sunny France, butI don't see where it srot its name, asit rains here every day."How is Mrs. Porter getting along?Give her my regards and tell her Isure would like to have one of hergood breakfasts in the morning. Ihaven't had a pay day yet, and it sureis h. being broke."Where are you going now? Hopeyou have found something that suitsyou. (Jive my regards to all thebunch. Don't know anything else towrite, so will close for this time,with regards to you and Mrs. Porter."Your friend,"NOAH CLARK,"U. S. Naval Air Station, France,American Expeditionary Force,Cafe Postmaster, New York."S3 ISFirst Lieutenant Reuben B. Hutchcraft, of Paris, now somewhere inFrance with the 166th Infantry, haswritten County Attorney David D.Cline a brief but interesting letterfrom the battle front overseas.Lieut. Hutchcraft also sent in hisletter a souvenir cigarette which wasevidently taken from the mouth ofa jerman soldier alter he had beenkilled. The cigarette, which had notbeen lighted, bore stains of salivaindicating that the Boche was preparing to enjoy his smoke when hewas killed presumably by one of ourAmerican soldiers. Written on thecigarette is the date "June 15, 1918,"no doubt the date when the Germansoldier was killed.Lieut. Hutchcraft also sent Mr.Cline a copy of The Ohio RainbowReveille, the official organ of the-166th Infantry, which contains interesting news, for the soldier boys.Among the witty paragraphs we select the following for publication:"The German prisoner was askedif he realized the great causes forwhich the Allies were fighting. 'Certainly,' said he. 'The Italians arefighting to whip the Austrians; theFrench are fighting for their country; the British are fighting for themastery of the seas, and the Americans are fighting for souvenirs."Lieut. Hutchcraft's letter to Attorney Cline, written on Y. M. C. A.stationery, and dated 20 June, 1918,follows:"Dear Dave:"Am inclosing you a souvenir ofthe recent battle. The Boche towhom this cigarette belonged has quitsmoking here on account of an American 30 calibre. Would send you acart load of helmets, rifles, packs,Norfolk' Va" Sept- 7, 1918."THE NEWS:- How goes everything in the old town? I finished myflights and other work in Akron lastweek and received orders last Tuesday to report to Hampton Roads, son.Gi& i am. i received a four-days'furlough before I left Akron, and hadalmighty nice time with mother andMargaret up in Two Rivers, Wis. Iguess John and Edwin are overseasby now, as they left about two weeksago. I like this station fine, but cannot give Norfolk a reputation for atown to have a good time. There aretoo many sailors a,nfl Knirii pre horpThere are almost as many British andJapanese as anybody else. It goeswithout saying there are lots of. goodlooking girls here, which is characteristic of every Southern town, butit would take Admiral Simms or GenPershing to attract their attention.I ran into a Paris boy coming downon the boat, but have forgotten hisname. I hear our good friend JackTurney is at Camp Mills, and ofcourse we all know what that means.He will have to hurry if he expectsto beat me across, as I hear we willsoon see sea service, which is gladnews. It looked like for awhile wewere doomed to the good ship 'neversail,' but am more than glad we areabout to graduate frqm that class."Guess I will go on a five or sixdays' cruise somewhere on the oldpond before many days have past.Am glad I was sent here instead ofNew York, as I am sure I will like itmuch better. There are not as manybright lights and about the only wetspots around here is the old Chesapeake and Atlantic, but the prettySouthern girls and good food offsetthe above many times. I started thiswith the intention of only sendingmy address, but here I have writtenquite a lengthy epistle. Please rushthe old NEWS to me."CADET J. MONROE SWEENEY,"U. S. N. Air Station, Naval Operating Base, Hampton Roads, BalloonDiv., Norfolk; Va." ,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.One cup or threeNo harm inidMMiUnder date of August 12, SergeantMajor Earl Curtis writes from overseas to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. H.C. Curtis, as follows:"Dear Folks: I suppose you haveby this time given up hearing fromme, but, we have, since our arrival,in France, been handicapped by thelack of a Regimental Censor Stamp,without which no mail could be forwarded. However, we finally landedone to-day, and my letters in the future should reach you more regularly,although pretty lengthy periods oftime may ensue between the receiptof some of them, due to the congestedconditions and lack of facilities forhandling mail over here."There is very little news to giveyou, other than to state that our tripacross the big pond and then throughthe interior of France, although veryinteresting, was uneventful. ,...j"I ajm, at this time, not allowed todivuge our present location, otherthan to say that we are several milesback of the front line trenches in asbeautiful a section of country as canbe found in old Bourbon county,which is certainly saying a whole lot.The country is not mountainous butvery hilly. Every foot of ground isproductive and is utilized by "thesepeople. The variety of crops is notvery great, consisting almost altogether of cereals and truck products,but the yield all seems to be abovethe normal that is raised at home."Although all of these people realize the situation their country is in,and almost without exception eachfamily has given up some one in thepast four years, they maintain anoptimistic air and do not seem tohave any doubt as to what the finaloutcome will be."We have been treated royally atevery point at which we have come incontact with the people and havebeen greeted innumerable times withthe Viva la Amerique, Vivia laFrance, which are about the only twophrases known in common by theAmerican and Frenchmen. It is veryamusing to see us trying to talkFrench and is equally amusing to seethe French trying to talk English."Prices here are all out of proportion. Eggs are worth $1.20 perdozen, while a good room and bedcan be hired per month for the priceof a dozen eggs."My new address is Regt.-Segt.-Maj.William E. Curtis, Hd. Co. 143dInf. Amer. E. Forces, A. P. O. 728via New York, so that I can get thepaper regularly."Will quit now so that this letterwill get off to-day. Give my regardsto everybody."EARL."T.1T?Ir- J- w- Davis has gone toMartinsville, Ind., for a stay of several days.Miss Sarah Power left Wednesday for Shelbyville, to attend Science-tun Academy.. ,"r?ev- w- E. Ellis was a guest ofmends and relatives in Louisvilleocievai aaysthis week.Mr. James H. Haggard, who hasbeen very ill at his home on Cypressstreet .for some time, is improving.--Mr. and Mrs. Roscoe Sudduthand daughter, Miss Virginia Sudduthhave moved from Paris to Irvine toreside.Mrs. L. M. Tribble has returnedfrom ,an extended visit to Mr. andMrs. Walter E. Glenn, in Stepheniuuauun,Mrs. Allpiand Arthur, of Winchester street, has as snipst hr ,.ter, Miss Fannie McClure, of Conway, Ky. 'Mrs. William Crawford has returned to her home near Midway, after a visit to Mrs. Theodore Butlernear Paris.Mr. Reynolds Bell, of the couney, left Tuesday for Berea, where hewill matriculate as a student atBerea College.Miss Sallie Whaley has concluded a verv nlasant visit tn tviand Mrs. William Hughes and familyin Nicholasville.Mrs. James Grinnell and MissIna Mattox are visiting Mrs. LucyBryant, in Covington, and Miss NoraHartley, in Cincinnati.Dr. H. E. Foster left Wednesday for Owenton, Ky., to spend a tendays' vacation with his parents, Dr.una ivirs. i. ju. Foster, Sr.Mr. Jesse Herrin, who recentlyunderwent a surgical operation atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, is considerably improved.Miss Clara Baldwin, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Baldwin, whohas been seriously ill at the MassieMemorial Hospital, is improving.Mr. and Mrs, 0. P. Carter willmove to Lexington soon -to reside.Their daughter, Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter, is attending school there.Miss Nancy Barbee Wilson,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. SimsWilson, left Wednesday, for Shelbyville, to attend Science Hill Academy.Miss Anna B. Price, of Danville,has returned home, accompanied byMiss Lillian DeJarnett, after a visitto Mrs. J. W. DeJarnett, on Sixteenthstreet.Mrs. Charles H. Mehagan, ofChicago, formerly Miss Virgie Kelley,of Millersburg, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. E. F. Clay, and Col. Clay,near Paris.Mr. W. S. Caywood, formerly ofParis, who is now connected with theBureau of Supplies, at Washington,D. C, is a guest of his brother, Mr.J. B. Caywood, County Superintendent of Schools.Miss Nell Whaley, of Paris, whowas elected as instructor of Latin in.Hamilton College, in Lexington, willassume ner duties tnere next Monday.'Miss Whaley will also have charge ofthe Latin department at Transylvania University.Mrs. W. L. Davis, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. J. T. Hinton, in this city, has gone to Louisville for a short visit to relatives.She will return here for a visit toMrs. Hinton before returning to herhome in Columbia, South Carolina.Mr. Keith Phillips, of Atlanta,"Georgia, came to Paris, Wednesday,to welcome the new arrival in hishousehold, Master Marion KeithPhillips. Mr. Phillips and fajmilyare guests at the home of Mrs. Phillips' parents, Mr. and Mrs. JamesDouglas, at Ninth and 'Main.Miss Josephine Hayden, former-ly of Paris, who has been doing clubwork at Paducah, will leave to-morrowfor Jacksonville, 111., where shewill resume her duties as teacher inthe school. Miss Hayden is a daughter of Mr. arid Mrs. J. W. Hayden, ofthis city, and has been very successful in her chosen work.(Other Personals on Page 5.). ' .i )iij, i , , .MM VPi mtWRIGLEYSI Jmjmmmmmmmm. rITT J4rMfln fmmnmmMmmMmmMMmWMwWl " ( J IIMPHiH i J I j-mmW &V hMmmWM Hmmm wm l lmm rV mm mmmm Mmmw-r ' w.. ..-.We will win this war -Nothing else really matters until we do I'iThe Flavor Lasts.iINSTANTPOSTUMCoh-talnsI noMrs. Mollie James, of this city, isin receipt of a letter from her son,Sergt. Lawrence H. James, writtenfrom France under date of August 9,from which THE NEWS has beenpermitted to make the following extracts: "August 9."Dear Mother: First, of all. Iwant to tell you that I am here, safeand sound, faring much btter than Ihad ever hoped for. Five of the sergeants, including- myself, are billeted with a French family.- Very nice,indeed, and while we 'can't shoot thelingo' very strong, we manage to getalong very nicely by (making signsand ,using our French-English dictionaries. We have two rooms, andour beds are very inviting, greatthick feather affairs with pure lambswool blankets for cover. Our eatsare good, also, and the officers aretaking awfully good care of us."Spent four days and four nights.on the train from the port at whichwe were landed, to standing on ourheads and most every way imaginable. The roads of France are muchbetter than those of our U. S. A., andare very picturesque, with treesgrowing on both sides, each tree being the same distance from the other,and all directly opposite each other.The country is very rolling and theall of them built of stone many yearsago. There are no porches Ourtrip was some trip. Part of the menrode in the quaint old boxcars labeled Hommes 40, Chateaux 8. Othersrode in passenger coaches, which theFrench distinctively divide into first,second and third class. Each car isdivided into four compartments, eachcompartment seating eight -persons..... The trip would have been tiresome, but during the day the scenerywas so fine that we couldn't feel worried and naturally all soldiers havelearned to sleep at night, howeveruncomfortable the sleeping place maybe. We sleDt standins- on nnr henrlcsome of the time."Getting shaved in a barber shopis one of the few luxuries I've beenafforded since I have been over here.It was ajmusing to me. AndersonCahal might get a few pointers andI know 'Zeke' Curtis could. TheFrenchie who scraped me was an oldbird, about fifty-five, I should judge.He placed me in an old barber chair,nothing at all like those in the U.S., just a plain, straight-backed affair, with a movable panel, with headrest attached. He shaved me with ablade that looked like the one in theguillotine which beheaded Marie Antoinette But I won't prolong theagony by telling you of all the miseryI went through with while that fellow was working on my 'beard,'Suffice it to say it was awful."I think I was in the same townwhere Buddie was for a few days, butI couldn't find him Saw two Parishoj's and a Jew lieutenant from Lexington over here, Billie Gouston, abrother of Mrs. Matt Lair. You mightphone her and tell her that he is 0.K. and looking fine. Well, I mustclose now, so with love to all, I am."Lovingly,,- . "LAWRENCE.,,."P. S. My address is Sergt. Lawrence H. James, M. G. Co., 143dJtfiantry,Jhe!Penc(letonSiop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKY'.We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUIT'SHATSAmerican ExneditionarviFOrCGS- "Ra Slira OTIrl orlJ-noocj oil -ri-..-...r. - -U:n. i i-l ii.7 ..I - - -" ""y ... w.v1vn.ivl-a.Ai' xix vLuwiiaaie umitm uie vaneys, mosuy mau just this "way, as then I will'inuixixit,, uiu-iasiuu.neQ i? rencn nouses, i get it.- ,insifle and Outthe greatest paint-economy is found inthe use of Dutch Boy white-lead mixedwith pure linseed oil.Outside, Dutch Boy white-lead will givelong wear in all kinds of weather. It wearssmooth and leaves a good surface for repainting. For interior walls, it is unsurpassed inbeauty of finish and durability. Any tintmay be hadOur stock of paints, oils, varnishes, andbrushes will meet all your paint needs.iHBc.Dutch BoyAnchor Brand:WMte-LeadA. DAUGHEiiffIKK:IlKIHJk- MMt' '5'Is?"UiwvFtX7u1fin ionFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 151 iThe Alamo-TUESD AT, SEPT. 17Paris GrandTHEDA BARAINTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.CLEOPATRATHE SIREIN OF THE NILEPPx The Greatest Love Story of All TimesThe Passions and Pageants of Egypt's Vampire Queen in the most sumptuous and sensational production that has ever graced thescreen. A wondrous picture of Old Egypt, faithfully telling the love adventures of Egypt's Vampire Queen. The most compelling romanceof all history, a love that wrecked empires and changed the story of the world.IWAVftftVWVVSViWWVVVVUVU'THERfc. h&Th AS CLEOPATfiASpecial Morning Showat Alamo at 1 0 o'clockPRICES FOR CLEOPATRAAdults . . . 35c Children25cWar Tax Included. (Note It cost New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles and othercities two dollars to see "Cleopatra.")KlPublic RentingOPFine Bluegrass Farm onCourt DayThe undersigned will rent at public outcry on Court DayMonday, bet. 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Ky., the fine Bluegrassfarm known as the Sue K. Moranplace, which is located on the Peacock Pike, about 3 miles fromParis.This is one of the best farms inBourbon county, and contains 300acres. On the place is a substantialhouse containing 6 rooms, a goodtobacco barn, that will house 15 acresof tobacco, plenty of tobacco sticks,all necessary outbuildings, never failing water.Forty-five acres now in corn, 30acres in wheat stubble and 15 acresin meadow, may all be used for cornmaking 90 acres in all for corn.Forty acres to go in wheat, 10acres of virgin soil to go in tobacco,160 acres in grass.Prospective renters jmay inspectthe place at any time.For further information, addressor call onMRS. SALLIE MORAN CLAY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(13-td)WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.During the registration of womenfor war work, a Paris woman whoseage ranged close up to the eighties,approached one of the registrars andasked to be enrolled. When she stated her age, the registrar demurred,but the "old lady" would not be denied and stated that she wanted toget her card. She was finally registered. As she turned to leave sheremarked: "Well, if I can't do anyother kind of war work, I suppose Ican pray for our boys. And I'll justput in my time at working at that ifI can't be accepted for anythingelse." She was told to do her best,and at last accounts was faithfullycarrying out her desire.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.- To-day, Friday, Sept. 13 ElsieFerguson, in the "Danger Mark;"also the fourth episode of "HandsUp," featuring Ruth Roland andGeorge Chesbro.To-morrow, Saturday, Sept. 14.A William Fox picture, with JewelCarmen, in "The Bride of Fear;"also Fox Film Comedy, "Social PiYates." Monday, Sept. 16. William Garwood and Anne Luther, in "Her Mo(ment;" also Sennet-Paramount Comedy, "Ladies First," with ChesterConklin, Mary Thurman and HarryGribbon.50,000 CALORIC USERS ARE CONSERVINGxh TO i2 OF THEIR COAL"Since installing a Caloric Plpeless Furnace, I am heating.my entire house of seven rooms on less than it formerly took;to heat one room with a double heater."H. H. COOPER.Hundreds of other letters, equally as strong, from delighted patrons from Maine to California prove that noheating device can be more economical than the1 wouldnot take$1,000 formy CaloricPipe lessFurnace ifI could notset anotherone.liy houseis 24x28, 2stories high,and it heats itail over, upstairs and down,with less coalthan it would taketo run a 16-inchheating stove."W. 1L KOENIG.e Original Patented PipefeuRirnftcaWhen every effort is being put forth to economize coal, and with fuel so difficult to obtain, the Caloric becomes a national asset.The cause of its superiority lies in thepatented and exclusive features thatdistinguish the Caloric from allothers, and enable us to sell it onan absolute guarantee of satisfaction and service.We will show these principlesto you, and you will then seewhy the Caloric leads. Getour book "Progress," ittells the story of suecessful pipelesa heating."I cannotpraiBe myC a 1 oricPlpelessFurnaceenough. Ihave 3 roomsand kitchenand store roomdown stairs, fiverooms and bathupstairs; the furnace heats it toperfection withless fuel than 3stoves which keptonly nart of tt.house heated."A.B.BRUBAKHR.III.warnCaloric UsersDr. Harry MathersJohn YoungW. G. McClintockJ. Harvey HihlerW. R. TuttleM. E. Hash.Sam HardinTHE HOWARD HARDWARE CO(Incorporated.)CARLISLE, KENTUCKYDEATHS.McCABE.The funeral of Harry Davis McCabe, aged thirteen months, who diedTuesday morning at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Arch McCabe,on Vine street, was held Wednesdayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch.SMITH.Dr. T. B. Smith, formerly ofCynthiana, died in Lexington, Wednesday morning, at about six o'clock.Particulars as to his illness were notgiven in the telegram. Dr. Smith formany years was a manufacturer ofproprietary medicines at Cynthiana,and was well known throughout Central Kentucky. He was a brother ofthe late Prof. Frank Smith, of Cynthiana. His wife has been dead anumber of years. He is survived bya daughter, Mrs. Phelps Sassen, ofAnderson, S. C. and a son. Mr. PercvSmith, of Paris. The body was takento uyntniana on tne 3; 47 train yesterday afternoon, and burial tookplace in the family lot in BattleGrove Cemetery, with services at thegrave by the Masonic Lodge.fBIRTHS.In Louisville, on Wednesday, tothe wife of Chas. Hendrich, formerlyMiss Nora Woods, of Paris, a tenpound daughter, Elizabeth.The Stanford Interior-Journalsays: "A little son has blessed theunion of Mr. and Mrs. Robin AdairHorton, of Paris. He arrived theother day and has been napned Peyton Adair Horton. The youngster isa great grandson of Mrs. PermeliaBrown, of this city.F3 fe 3SEE FELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALLSHOES.JAYNES.Miss Rebecca Jaynes, aged eighty, one of the pioneer residents ofParis, died at her home on Highstreet at three o'clock yesterday afternoon of the infirmities of age.Miss Jaynes was a native of England, coming to America in 1854with her parents, five sisters and onebrother, of whom but one sister,Miss Tillie Jaynes, survives. Thefamily came direct to Bourboncounty from New York and had resided here continuously. With hersister, Miss Tillie Jaynes, she hadbeen engaged in dressmaking at theirhome for several years. Their brother, Mr. Fred Jaynes, was burned todeath in Paris many years ago whileimpersonating Santa Claus at aChristmas celebration. Miss Jayneswas a lifelong member of the ParisMethodist church.The funeral will be held at thefamily residence on High street atthree o'clock to-morrow, Saturday,afternoon, with services conductedby Rev. G. R. Combs, of the Methodistchurch. The burial will follow onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE CAUSES $150,000 DAMAGEIN SHIP PLANT.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.R3 1S3 ISMany a man pretends that he islooking out for your interest when itis your principal he is after.tSTOCK, CROP, ETC.A large number of mule coltswere on the market at Carlisle courtday, with prices ranging from $40 to$100 per head. Newt. H. Rankinpurchased fifty mule colts at pricesranging at these prices. There was alarge crowd in attendance.m P3BACK AGAIN.Dr. Harry E. Mathers, after an illness of several days, will be back inhis office to-morrow, ready for thereception of patrons.SEE FELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf-For RentTwo nice flats at Bourbon College.One has bath connected. Both modern in every respect.PARIS REALTY CO..(13-3t) C. P. Mann.FOR SALEOne new model Oliver Typewriter.Apply toMISS EDNA KELLER.Eleventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.(13-3t)WANTED.Second-hand furniture, carpets,rugs and stoves. Call any place inthe county for them.F. B. THOMAS,Opposite Court House.(13-3t-pd) Cumb. Phone 780.Fire damaged the new portion ofthe New York Shipbuilding Company's plant in Camden, N.Y. destroying the plate and angle shops andpowerhouse. The main nart of theplant was untouched by the flames.No official estimate of the loss wasmade, but firemen of Camden estimated the damage at about $150,000.m m mFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.yat a "fcMATRIMONIAL..A jmarriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. JosephCumber and Miss Elizabeth Mills.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Roy C.Sexton and Miss Ethel Carr, both ofthe county.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco In thebarn against fire, wind-storm,ttc. We settle quick.- Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.UNITED STATESARMY SHOESOn the Regulation Munson Army LastWITH SOFT TIPSThe Same Shoes that we Sold to the Boys at State CollegeUnder Government ContractThe uppers of tan merit calf are practically waterproof andalways remain soft and pliable.According to specifications, these shoes carry overweight insoles and outsoles, Goodyear welt sewed, of the best quality oakleather, and solid leather heels, double hobnailed on the outsideto prevent running over. Leather lined heel stay to keep theshoes from rubbing the heels, and half -bellows tongue to keep thedirt out. Uppers double stitched to prevent ripping.These shoes, designed for wear and footcomfort for the boys on long hikes, are themost pliable, comfortable hard service shoesever made.We carry these shoes in four widths and can really FIT yourfoot. Come in and inspect a pair of these shoes.FRIEDMAN'S SHOE STORECORNER SIXTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY.The Home of Quality Shoes!n5N.kU.-Z-tAVFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1918THE BOUKBON NEWS, PAKCS, JOT.nei itnFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf). is Tsa 1THE STETSONIAN.Stetson's Fall Feature Hit is becoming to most faces ?6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.i i aEXTRA FANCY MELONS.Extra fancy home-grown -watermelonsright from the patch everyv Also nice lot of canteloupes.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.TS 133CALLED MEETING OF DEMOCRATIC COUNTY COMMITTEEThere will be a meeting of theBourbon County Democratic Compiittee at the court house in Paris, tomorrow, Saturday, Sept. 14, at fouro'clock, p, m., for the purpose 'of selecting officers for the coming election. ' W. D. McINTYRE,"VChairma-n.3 15 13READ EVERY PAGE.Don't overlook a-ny page of thisssue of THE NEWS. There's goodlocal news scattered all through theissue. On another page will be founda full report of the recent meetingof the Kentucky Conference of theMethodist church, at Cynthiana,with a list of the Co-nference appointments, besides other matters ofgeneral news interest to our readers.Every page is a local page. Seekand ve shall find."PS S3SLOT MACHINES "RAISED"Several slot machines dispensingcandy and chewing gum, being operated in different places of businessin the city were taken out Wednesday by the operators after a conference with Mayor E. B. January a-ndChief of Police Link.It was claimed that young boyshad been frequenting these placesand playing the machines so stronglythat the attention of the authoritieshad been called to the practice."PS IS ISVISIT THE RACKET STORE MONEY SAVING PRICES PREVAILWhen you come to town Saturdaystop and see our ginghams and outings. Buy early and avoid the highprices later.THE PARIS RACKET STORE.(13-3t) . 'IS IS 153NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERST" "SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.THE NEWS' subscription list hasbeen undergoing extensive pruningand overhauling recently in obedience to the order issued by the WarIndustries Board. Some mistakesmay have occurred, and we requestour patrons to report to us promptlyfailure to receive their papers. Incorrecting and revising a mailing listcontaining hundreds of najnes, withfrequent changes of address there isa chance for errors to be made. It isto your interest to keep us informedof change of address, that we maykeep the record straight and that youmay get your paper promptly.TO THE OIL HELDS.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of this city,svho is one of the principal stockholders in a big producing companyhaving large leases in Lee and Estillcounties, left yesterday for a trip ofinspection to the Dudley-Alexanderlease, in which his company is interested.Mr. Charles K. Posner has returned fropi a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Conway, ofAtlanta, Ga., are guests of Bourboncounty relatives.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McGrath, ofHarrodsburg, are guests of theirdaughter, Mrs. L. T. Lilleston, andfamily.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McDonaldand Miss Merle Shujmake have returned from a visit of several days inCincinnati.Mr. John Merringer, Mr. EwellRenaker and Mr. Anderson Cahal willleave Monday for a stay at HotSprings, Arkansas.Mr. John Roseberry, of nearParis, who has been ill for severaldays, will leave this week for a stayat Martinsville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Bennett Tarr areattending the State Fair in LouisvilleWhile there they are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Benj. Redmon.Miss Ophelia Lary and Mr. Vernon Lary, of near Clintonviile. arevisiting Mrs. George McCray. atBaton Rouge, Louisiana. iMiss Helen Hutchraft Is fakWa six-Weeks' course of training in thenpme Service School of the NationalCouncil of Defense in Cincinnati.Mrs. J. Moler McVey has returned to her home in Dayton, Ky., aftera visit to her father, Mr. Robert M.Terrill, and family, near Clintonviile.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell leftyesterday for a visit to her sisters,Mrs. Lee Barbour and Miss MabelHill, in St. Matthews, Ky., near Louisville. Mrs. A. L. Shaw, who has beena guest of Paris relatives, returnedTuesday to her home in Anderson,Ind., accompanied by her niece, MissMary Taylor.Miss Mattie Baldwin has returned frojm a two-weeks' vacation atCamp Daniel Boone, and has resumed her position as bookkeeper withthe Farmers' Supply Co.Mrs. Cora Deveraux, of Seattle,Wash., Mrs. Mary Powell, of Richmond, and Mrs. Mollie Powell, ofNicholasville, were guests Wednesday of Mrs. Harry Collins.Miss Mary Frances Campbell,daughter of Dr. and Mrs. F. P. Campbell, of this city, has matriculated asa student at the Ursaline Academy,on Walnut Hills, Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Strother Goff andtheir .son and daughter, Mr. AllenGoff and Miss Julia Goff, of Oklahoma City, Okla., are guests of" Mrs.Maria Bedford, on Pleasant street.m tParis and Bourbon county areboth well represented at the StateFair at Louisville this week. Bourbon exhibitors have been very fortunate in carrying off honors in several events.Cynthiana Democrat: "Rev. andMrs. J. T. Sharrard have returned totheir home, in Paris, after spendingthe summer on the farm near Broad-well-j . . Mrs. Jas. Ellis, Miss LouieBruer, Mrs. Henry Power, Mrs. Geo.Ellis, of Paris, and Miss Durham, ofMt. Sterling, visited Mrs. Sue R. Talbott and daughters on Thursday andattended Conference."The Lexington Herald's SocietyNotes of Tuesday says: "Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, of Paris, was amongyesterday's out-of-town visitors.Mrs. Clay's two sons have bothbeen called to their country's service.Lieutenant John Harris Clay is inCanada with the Royal Aviation Airforce, and Cassius M. has been recently assigned to a camp at Jackson, S. C."(Other Personals on Page 3)IS IS fei Js JsMILLINERY DISPLAY DAILY ATSIMON DEPARTMENT STORERELIGIOUS.Services Sunday morning at theBaptist church will be conducted bythe Gospel Team Workers of Bourbon County. No preaching servicesin the evening. Sunday School at9:30; B. Y. P. U. at 6:30 Servicesthe following Sunday morning, Sept.22, will also be conducted by the Gospel Team Workers. No preachingservices in the evening. The pastoris leaving for a needed two-weeks'vacation. He will return to his pulpit Sunday, Sept. 29th.Rev. George R. Copnbs was assigned to the pastorate of the ParisMethodist church for a second termby the Kentucky Conference in session at Cynthiana recently. This willbe a source of great satisfaction tothe members of his congregationand the people of Paris generally,with whom he has become deservedlypopular. Rev. Combs is a minister ofgreat spiritual force, gifted as an orator, and personally one of the mostlikeable men in the ministry in theState. Paris gladly welcomes himagain, and all hope the pleasant relations of the past year may growstronger as tinio Basses along.'Following the regular prayermeeting service Wednesday night atthe Methodist church an importantbusiness meeting of the Official Boardof the church was held, at whichmatters of the gravest importance tothe church were considered. Themembers of the Board for the year1918-19, as elected by the Conference, are as follows:J. A. Orr, F. W. Galloway, Y. H.Harrison, C. A. Ellis, E. M. Wheeler,Edgar Tingle, John Kiser, S. T. Chipley, N. H. Eckler, Jas. Doty, C. A.Duncan, M. E. McCurdy, H. A.Power, Jas. McClure, E. B. January,Dennis V. Snapp, S. P. Mohney, RayIngels, Roy Galloway, R. R. Smith,J. W. Case and W. C. Bell. The lastsix named are newly elected members, the others being re-elected.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet Sundaynight in the church parlors at 8:30o'clock. Subject, "The Saloon Powerand How to Overcome It."Five more names have been added to the Honor Roll of the ParisChristian church, those of HiramAdair, Maurice Clarke, ChesterYoung, Lawrence Soper and FithianArkle, all of whom have recentlybecome identified with the army ornaval service of the United States.The Missionary Society of theChristian church will hold an all-daysewing at the Red Cross sewingrooms in the court house next Tuesday, Sept. 17. The members of theSociety are urged to be in attend-What is expected to be a greatreligious awakening in Paris will bethe revival which is to open at theBaptist church on Oct. 14. The services will be conducted by the pastor,Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, assisted byRev. Dr. B. B. Bailey, pastor of theFirst Baptist church at Maysville.Dr. Bailey is one of the church'smost forceful and eloquent orators,and in securing him for this meetingRev. Goldsmith has made a masterstroke. Rev. Bailey's reputation asa pulpit orator has preceded him,and Paris people will be prepared fora real treat when the revival begins.IS IS ISTO ECONOMIZE IN CLOTHESWe suggest that you buy onlyquality clothes. You can find themhere at $25 to $45.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Will have on display daily an ex-1 rliisivA linfi nf fins'P nnri "Pisk na.tt.emxney Drougni in a mree-uun.- hats Advanced styles.dred barrel well the first of the week.They have six wells on their lease,the smallest of which is a 150-barrelproducer, and the others ranging upto five hundred barrels per day.The Marchmont Oil Co., with headquarters and offices in this city, willbring in their initial well on theBush lease in Wolfe county to-morrow.IS IS ISNO AGREEMENT REACHEDAs a result of the conference ofthe Light Committee of the ParisCity Council, Mayor E. B. Januaryand Consulting Engineer Weiss, andAttorney E. L. Kelso and Vice-presidentJ. W. Porter, of St. Lous, representing the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., the corporation and the city arestill at variance over the lightingcontract.The attorneys for the Gas & Electric Company submitted a proposition for settling the matter of readjustment of gas and electric rates bypractically a compromise in order tokeep the matter out of the courts,but this was rejected by the city'srepresentatives after a consultation,aad the matter left in statu quo.IS IS 1REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.MISS MARY McMAHAN,(13-3t) Simon Dept. Store.Tracy & Stokeley, of Winchester,as agents for Morris Renick, of Middletown, Ohio, sold this week to Mr.D. M. Hurst, of Millersburg, his 400acre farm near Renick Station, onthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,or 164,000. Mr. Hurst will getPossession in March, 1919.Mr. Luther G. Morehead, of nearMillersburg, purchased of Mr. Lee C.Bell, through the Eals & Harney realestate agency, of Cynthiana, the Bellfarm of 62 acres, located on theHuddles Mill pike near Paris, for$300 per acre. He will get possession in March, 1919. The farm adjoins the lands ofcMrs. N. H.-Baylessand Mrs. Sallie C. Hedges.EVERY CRACK OUT OP THE BOX.Bourbon county and Paris neverfall down on war requirements. Ourcountry's executives have asked forcommunity "sings" in all localitiesand Paris was at it on the jump, butthe Chorus had no place and nopiano for the rehearsals. These needswere made known to our patrioticcitizens and what was the result? Infour hours $175, in small amounts,was heartily subscribed toward buying a piano for the use of the Chorusduring the continuance of the warand after that time the piano is tobecome the property of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A. to be used bythem in serving the "boys" after theycome back. Old Bourbon is on thejob all the time. What! The moreshe gives the jmore she wants to give.Get that? And the Y. M. C. A. nasgiven the use of its auditorium forthe rehearsals of the Chorus.A list of the donors will be published later. Will your name or thename of your firm be in it? In thisconnection we might add don't bea "Singing Slacker." Your countryasks you to sing. Go to it, even ifyou are not a Caruso or Galli-Curci.Subscriptions to the Piano Fundmay be left with Mrs. Macie Fithian,Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, MissJulia O'Brien, E. T. Hinton, A. L.Boatright or Z. L. Wilcox. Don'twait to be looked up look up yourself. The committee, which carried theburden of this problem, shouted withpleasure -vVhen one of their numberbrought money and pledges (fromhis "still hunt") to the meeting Tuesday. Mr. E. T. Hinton usually goesin with "both feet" and the entireChorus again has cause to appreciatehis backing. Mr. Ed. doesn't carefor flowers, but the Chorus will dobetter work and his fellow citizenswill be a bit more patriotic for theexample he has set.hlataynClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry Goods ' " -.Notions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.imnnmfflffliMake the Coming"SIT STRATE"WHITEThe Pride of theHomeSit Strate! it makes for health;And health's no trifle, it iswealthOf great value to young andold,Worth more by far than gems ofgold.It's use means stitching thatwill please,Of sewing done with greatestease;Of satisfaction beyond measureThe "Sit Strate" White! ah, 'tisa Treasure.Daugherty Bros." Fifth and MainIt tfill mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andSsnug and "homey" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight expense if you will make your selections from our very complete stocks.Always bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods.We shall be glad to see you.Winter Hours AsCheerful as PossibleWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some qf our exclusive designs ofFurniture and RuQSJUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUBTHEJ.T.HINTONCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTA"EITHERPHONE" 36iai-' xSIXTH AND MAIN ,I3 iiimm r w w IT imi JUIU J.. .- .m.i'"A&lu)iqMrI'fcItMiyKv&I!-.v iKs-dr..THE BOUSBOlf Wtfk, AJR1S, KY. "TW3ti&isxTnFriday, September. 13, nii$TrrSB6ESS99yr-gyAcid Iron Mineral Will Put New LifeInto You Build Up Your Run-Down System.ThousadSis of young men. anil women, those who are young ih-years,hut old inactions andfeelinjfs, justdrag themselves strbiind'b'ecauie theirsystem is run down from 'lack ofenough iron, the one great Tjody"building mineral necessary for ahealthy growing man or woman.Acid Iron Mineral contains justthe right amount of iron needed tomake the system do its work rightlyand efficiently it is a copipoundmade from iron ore highly concentrated, and those who are unable toget relief from vegetable compoundsshould try this famous remedy forrun-down, systems, catarrh, kidneytroubles, female troubles, catarrh ofthe stomach, indigestion, and countless other diseases that are sappingtheir life away. It is absolutely freefrom alcohol and other injuriousdrugs, and is guaranteed to give satisfaction or your money will be refunded. Thousands of testimonialsnow on file in our offices, telling inan epnphatic way how Acid Iron Mineral has helped sick and sufferingmen and women.For sale by Brooks & Snapp, orsent postage paid upon receipt ofprice 50c and $1.00 a bottle. Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.(adv)Margolen'sSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUs an OrderIKflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketbrighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useSiectn'ci'tiTor EigMingItjs the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor filling and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use oi BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Are You Deaf?li you are unable to hear ordinary conversation, call at myoffice and let me demonstrate theACOUSTICONone of the best electric hearinginstruments on the market today. Br. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank.-Both Phones, Paris, VKy.fcttslriSESSIONS AT CYHTHIAHA.CYNTHIANA, KY., Sept. 12.TVip TTPTit.npv Conference of theMethodist Episcopal Church, South,closed its nmety-eightn session ivonHay morning at 10S30' o'clock, .thelast oruer ox uusmeis ukm& & ..--ing of the appointments by BishopCollins Denny.j The session was opened at eightiO'cock by Bishop Denny, who.led "He morning worship. Two hundred delegates have been in attend'ance on all of the sessions, beginning(Wednesday, September 4. Every daylarge numbers have come from allparts of the State represented by tneConference.Large Attendances Sunday.The attendance Sunday was thelargest of any day. At the lovej feast at 9 o'clock, led by Dr. E. L.Southgate at the Methodist unurcn,followed by the sermon by BishopDenny and the ordination service, thechurch was filled to overflowing.The visiting ministers preached tolarge audiences at the other churchesin the city.j Sunday afternoon, Dr. H. C. Morrison spoke at the Christian Church,; while the memorial service was being held at the Methodist Church.Sunday evening the the EpworthLeague held union services with thevarious other young peoples organizations of Cynthiana, at thePresbyterian Church, with Mr. P. C.Regan, of Covington, as leader. Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, the Conference President, also made a shorttalk.Preachers Ordained Deacons.Sunday morning Bishop Denny ordained the following traveling preachers and local preachers as deacons:Enos Waggoner, W. L. Byrd,Benjamin Sewell, George S. Conant,Orie C. Mingledorff, John A. Linn,George A. Young, C. M. Fawns, J.J. Davis; class ordained as elders,Leslie DeArmond, Robert Criswell, S.T. Fitch, W. D. McGowan, EdgarRitchie, Orie Mingledroff and HenryBromley.Report of Commission of Finance.The commission of finance read itsreport of assessments at the morningsession, which wasadopted. Theassessments follow:Board of Finance $ 8,046Education 2 10,000Conference Missions 7,500Sunday School Board 2,000Epworth League 500Conference Entertainment 1,500Ministers' Aid 800Church Extension 125Amount From General Conference 27,710Total $58,181The amount assessed against each ofthe districts as follows:For General Work:Covington $ 4.550Danville 4.550Frankfort 4,417Jackson 693Lexington 4,500Maysville 4,450aneiDyvme 4,550For Conference Work:Covington $ 5,000Danville 5.000Frankfort 4,780Jackson 1,000Lexington 4,900Maysville 4,791Shelbyville 5,000Change Made In Central Methodist.The Central Methodist, the officialorgan of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, has been purchasedjointly by the Louisville Conferenceand the Kentucky Conference, W. A.Swift being appointed editor. TheBoard of Publication will be composed of B. C. Horton, C. L. Bohon,R. M. Smith and David Davies.A resolution was adopted to conduct an educational institute at Kentucky Wesleyan College, the weekfollowing commencement week. Thecommittee in charge of this instituteis C. H. Greer, W. E. Arnold, W. L.Cropper and J. L. Clark.Bishop Denny in his closing: remarks thanked the conference for itscourtesy to him and also spoke ofthe harmony that had prevailedthroughout the conference session.He then read the conference appointments.List of Appointments.Covington District W. E. ArnoU,Presiding .Ider.Alexandria S. D. Dean.Augusta To Be Supplied .Benson and Curry W. B. Garriott.Brooksville T. W. Barker.Butler S. J. Bradley.California Ben Sewell.Covington, Scott Street W. O.Sadler.Covington, St. Luke's J. E. Savage. Cynthiana J. P. Strother.Dry Ridge C. M. Fawn.Falmouth S. H. Pollitt.Fort Thomas J. M. Fuqua.Newport James Crutchfield.Oddville W. F. Wyatt.Visalia J. R. Kendall.Walton and Erlanger H. C. Whitaker. Williamstown O. B. Beck.Y. M. C. A. Secretary R. E. Coleman.Danville District C. H. Greer, Presiding Elder-Barbour'sville R. R. Rose.Brooklyn Bridge R. O. Schmitt.Bryantsville G. S. Conant.Burgin and Mt. Olivet H. A.Longina.Burnside W. F. Vaughn.Corbin J. W. Hughes.Danville H. G. Turner.East Bernstadt R. C. EvansEast Pulaski W. C. Calvert.Gravel Switch T. J. Francis.Harrodsburg M. S. Clark.Lancaster F. D. Palmeter.London G. W. Hoffman.Lynch Mines E. C. Watts.Mackville Enos Wagonner.McCreary G. L. Lewis. sMcKendree A. W. Vanderpool.Meadow Creek C. F. Chestnut.Middlesboro W. S. Maxwell.Moreland E. L. Ockerman.Mt. Zion W. L. Byrd.Perryville C. W. Boswell.Pineville H. W. Massie,Preachersville J. M. Robinson.Richmond M. T. Chandler.Somerset W. L. Clark.Stanford W. D .Welburn.West Pulaski To Be Supplied.Wilmore F. B. Jones.President of Wilmore College DrYou Can Lighten Their Loadjs'TTi .T - TZ. r-"TSOi-L.r. CrfJ , iii. ' ""-.ON THE BbouWera of these two men resU a llle-sixe job. You know thejob. You know the men Marshal Ferdinand Foch, comander rf theallied force? In Europe, and General John J. Pershing, American eonBiander-in-chlef . " r&za"'r" - - - v v- - ,-;- -No American would wilfully add any to the burdens the two have tobear. No American would permit these men to wonry about food or clothing or recreation for their men about ammunition for the guns, aboutgetting enough guns, about getting enough men. -i '", "Every Liberty Bond bought -in the tJniied States in kumzaQeeagainst burdening these two great leaders with any unneceBaary worries.They have demonstrated that they can handle the actual fighting. America .at home must demonstrate that it can furnish Yerythmg that the fightingmen need and when they need it. . . - -x7Tm Million ButtonBought for Fourth LoanBaying three mflHon hattottf is jasione of the minor tasks which had tobe taaven care at More the Fourthliberty Loan campaign by RalphWa40o aftneraon of the War Loan Organisation at Washington.Bat on these trifles Emerson wasable to save the government sixty-fire,- -thovsand dollars in real money: a vast1 i " 5 i "exnount of oeBuloid, which containsgiaiiVtoii. an enormous quantity ofWhite paper; hundreds of gallons ofwood alcohol, and hundreds of hourset labor.The saving was brought about bythe employment of a steel engravingJMoeeea.The, eld buttons have alwaysmade with eelsaloid and paper.H. C. Morrison; Vice President, JohnPaul; Dean, George Froh.Conference Evangelist J. W. Carter. General Evangelist H. W. Bromley. Missionary Secretary W. V. Cropper. United States Army Chaplain S.A. Arnold.President of Kentucky WesleyanCollege J. L. Clark.Missionry to Japan T. W. Demaree; Editor of Central Methodist W.A. Swift.Student, At Emory University W.H. Moore.Maysville District J. D. Redd, Presiding Elder.Carlisle J. W. Crates.Flemingsburg W. K. McClure.Germantown C. W. Williams.Helena W. L. Hall.Hillsboro Edward Allen.Little Rock E. K. Kidwell.Maysville W. B. Campbell.Morefield S. L. Moore.Mt. Carmel W. T. Ecklar.Mt. Olivet J. E. Roberts.Robinson Chapel W. R. McClure.Salt Well R. M. Lee.Sardis and Shannon W. M. Williams. Sharpsburg and Bethel R. A. Selby. Tilton A. G. Cox.Tollesboro G. R. Tomlin; J. R.Wood, Supply.Vanceburg To Be Supplied.Washington E. W. Ishmael.Shelbyville District B. C. Horton,Presiding Elder.Bedford J. S. Ragan.Bloomfield George D. Prentiss.Campbellsburg Price T. Smith.Chaplain and Mt. Zion I. R. Holland. Christiansburg L. E. Williams.Crestwood To Be Supplied.Eminence W. B. Hall.LaGrange J. F. Richardson.Lawrenceburg Peter Walker.Milton C. P. Pilow.Mortonville J. J. Davis.New Castle P. T. Adams.Oldham C. M. Humphrey.Pleasant Valley J. W. Gilbert.Pleasureville H. C. Martin.Salvisa R. N. Bush.Shelbyville O. B. Crockett.Simpsonville J. R. Noland.Taylorsville J. E. Wright.Woodlawn J. M. Matthews.Frankfort District C. F. Oney, Presiding Elder. 'Carrollton W. R. Johnson.Corinth J. W. Harris.Frankfort C. L. Bohbn.Georgetown E. K. Arnold. 'Ghent L. B. SimpsOn. "Gratz J. R. 'Nelson.'Hinton A. Redd. 'Hughes Chapel R. M. Criswell.Hutchison and Oxford R. B.Baird.Millersburg J. W. Gardiner.Mt. Hope F. T. Howard.New Columbus J. A. Linn.i Owenton J'. J. Thomassbn. -'"9- -The factories which are turning eatthe buttons tor the Foarth Loan aredistributed shoot the eountry so thatshipping to the varleos federal s et iedistricts can be snnpXffied sod therewQI be no chance of any cBstrtet beingleft at the last minute without its mply of little bond buyers' Insignia. 'Ever Thought WhatOne Sailor Cosh Us?The cost of the U. S. Nary per maaper day dorins; the first six mooCfcs ofthe flacai year 1918 raried from etc cgithe larger types of yeaeeis, to Ue.osjthe' smaller types. A $S0 liberty Besjiiwill keep a sailor for 102 days t telarger vessels and far M dafs on Atsmaller types.Paris G. R. Combs.Petersburg D. E. Bedinger; William Wood, Supply.Polsgrove T. P. Roberts.Port Royal E. C. Hardin.Prestonville To Be Supplied.Warsaw P. J. Ross.Worthville Josiah Godbey.Millersburg College C. C. Fisher,President.Chaplain State Reformatory WQ. Vreeland.Jackson District G. W. Crutchfield,Presiding Elder.Campton L. C. DeArmond.Clay City L. T. Allison.Clay County G. A. Young.Hazard E. L. Griffey.Hindman S. J. Fitch.Jackson W. S. Vanderpool.Jenkins R. F. Jordan.McRoberts T. D. Walters.Morgan and Wolf R. V. McClure. Quicksand W. P. Fryman.Sandy Hook B. S. Asbury.West Liberty and Cannel City W.H. McGowan.Whitesburg J. W. Simpson .Lexington District E. G. B. Mann,Presiding Elder.Camargo and Grassy Lick J. L.West.College Hill J. A. McClintock.Estill Circuit H. T. Bonny.Frenchburg and Olympia To BeSupplied.Irvine F. K. Struve.Lexington, First Church G. E.Cameron.Lexington, Epworth F. T. Mclntyre. Lexington, Park Avenue E. K.Pike.Mt. Sterling E. L .Southgate.Morehead C. , H. Caswell.Mt. Abbott Jesse Hargis.Mt. Lebanon and Siloam To BeSupplied.Nicholasville-. E. Moss.Owingsville E. M. Armitage.Spears and McRoberts Chapel A.P. Jones.Versailles T. W. Watts.Winchester G. W. Banks.National Anti-Saloon G. W.Young.Y. M. C. A. Secretary P. C.Eversole.b te isFOR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.(sept-adv)'It is hard to understand a woman.She will sit around and feel sorry because she has nothing to feel sorryfor.im fe teThe - Hohenzollern family treeshould have been sprayed with bugpoison "several -hundred years ago.TOFARMERSof Bourbon CountyOil L . , .We Invite Ail ParmerslofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELANDSBBSBBSBSSBBBBBSSBBBBSBSBBBSBSBSTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what tlais little wonderi doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.( ' IIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRV& MAYSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECTSugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTON. -tMinimum Shipping RateQuick ReturnsTop Market PricesAug 20-8titTHETO THE. -b a&i .f1Js,-jft... '.- ? Ass.s.4Friday, September 13, 1918T?fXI jlH IHM MS BOTOBOK EW, 5AE1S, KENTUCKY,1W page fsenM:sDRAFT PROVISIONS NOT TO CRIPPEE THE BANKSWOMEN OFMIDDLE AGEHeed Help to Pass tbe Crisis Safely Prorf that Lydia E. Pinkbarn's Vegetable CompoundCan be Relied Upon.Urbana,HI. "During Change of Life,in addition to its annoying symptoms, Inaa an attack ofgrippe which lastedall winter and leftme in a weakenedcondition. I felt attimes that I wouldnever be well again.read of Lydia E.rPinkham's Vegetable Compoundarid what it did forwomen passingthrough the Changeof Life, so I told mydoctor I would tryit I soon began togain in strengthand the annoyingsymptoms disappeared and your Vegetable Compoundhas made me a well, strong woman soI do all my own housework. I cannotrecommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound too highly to womenpassing through the Change of Life."Mrs. Frank Henson, 1316 S. OrchadeSt, Urbana, 111.Women who suffer trom nervousness, fn vft hnainMs Qhnnirf -nnt haaitAtp.."heat flashes, backache, headaches for fear of criticism to claim exemp6nd "the blues" should try this famous tlon or deferred classification on ocroot end herb remedy, Lydia &. .fink- jcupational grounds. To do otherwiseYarn's Vegetable Compound.. WOuld be a hinderance rather than a, help at this time.""" j "If ofilcers and crerks in banks,m 4 I I however, neglect or refuse to claimlll onir A vf. j I g 0 ' the exemption to which, they are enlTia.II V -MX LI LlCS titled, that claim pray be made forf I them bv the bank m which they areIf Jalll7m I L Xsff11 ml I-- V ATCINCINNATI, Sept. 10. Regarding exemption of bankers and essential bank employees, President Chas.A. Hinsch, of the American Bankers'Association, has addressed a letter tothe member banks of the association.The letter says:"It is generally understood that thevarious draft boards will consider asexempt, or at least place in deferredclassification, bank officers and employees whose services are absolutelyessential to the operation of their respective institutions."It has been, suggested, however,that if left to the individual officer or employee to ask for exemptionvery few will claim exemption. Inthis connection your attention is called to the fact that the Provost Marshal General has ruled that bankingis an occupation necessary to themaintenance of the national welfare,and that skilled officers, and employees of banks (may claim exemption or deferred classification, underthe new draft law, on the groundthat their services are vital to thecontinuance of the business in whichthey are engaged."The Provost Marshal Generalstates that waiving the right to beplaced in a deferred classification isa mistaken act of patriotism. Heurges every person affected by thelaw to state frankly and honestly hisexemption status, as by doing so hewill aid materially in the task ofclassifying registrants."Therefore, bank officers and em-jployees whose services are essentialAtOld Prices!employed. Thus, if an ofilcer or aclerk fears unjust criticism or believes his act may be misconstrued,the bank which employs him may filea claim for his exemption on occupational grounds with the DistrictBoard of Appeals. It is most earnestly desired, however, by the au-tnonu.es at witoui-ugLuix, wai, ccijone state frankly and honestly hisexemption status, as it will be considered more patriotic and helpful todo so than it would be to waive hisrights."This information was secured direct from the Provost Marshal General's office by a representative of thecn5m fit-! American Bankers' Association, whoSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5C ! "You have been advised upon theBest Matches, per box 6C 'highest authority in Washington, thati-i i .mi -C i it is not the intention of the ProvostKjBls VilODes, Still I VJC Marshal General to cripple the banks,Grandpa's WonderWhite Lily Soap..Trilby SoapGoblinSoap 5c5c5cShinola Shoe Polish 1 OcDried Beans, pound.. 11 -2cEegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPost Cards, comics, 8 for 5 cYoucan always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash Store?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376but rather to do all he can to enablethem to efficiently aid the Treasuryin the furtherance of its fiscal policies." SB 15 ISCHAMEBRLAIN'S COUGHBEMEDY.-This is not only one of the bestand' most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important .when a medicinemust be given to young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many years and hasmet with much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruby, Chillicothe, MoY, writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains tio opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)A PAHIXIA$';SFIBITJ(LlfeOf Mediujm: Now", sir, he stated, andin just a Tnoment I will givea convulsive shudder, my voice willchange,-and I will go into a tranceand begin to talk wildly4 and possibly clutch you by. the hair. You arenot afraid, are you?Dimpleton: Afraid! Why, that'swhat my wife does all the time.DIAEHHOEA IN CHILDREN.., For diarrhoea in children one yearold or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Di-nrrhnpa "Remedv. followed by a dose Jof castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)mmftThe School JBoard of Beverly, Miss.,'has adopted a rule allowing the employment of married women as teach.ers where the husband is in thearmy service.McCombs Producing and Refining Company(IncocpoMfted under the Laws of Delaware.)FORMERLY McCOMBS OIL COMPANYta Established Producing, Refining and Dividend Paying CompaqH. A. MOHNEY,Vice-PresidentIffDOHIlCAlt' OilOperator.ABRAM RENICK, PresidentFpiian Representative of Kentucky State Legklatare.Ex-Pmideat, American Sbort-Horn Breederx-Pieskat, Pedigreed Live Stock Association of America.b: a. cruncher, j. c. mccombs,Vice-President T Counsel Treasurer and General ManagerCommonweal thV Attorney for 29 years Practical OH Operatorof 25th judicial District of Kentucky. of 30 yens experience.ssFas) i:F. LMWscbsokt72 Producing Wells, 1 7,000 Acres of LeasesIn Est&l, Lee, Wolfe, Morgan, Knott, Allen Counties, Kentucky.1,000-BARREL REFINERYThe ofltpany has Jttst purchased front the Consolidated Oil Refining Co. their plant No. 2, at East St. Louis, 111.:IIrx2130 NEW ALL-STEEL TANK CARSHare been purchased under guarantee of delivery for on or before October 1, 1819DIVIDENDS 18 PER ANNUMMonthly dividends of 1 per cent payable on the 10th day of each month to stockholders of record of the, 30th ikyof the preceding month.:nm" -syftviF--BlBBiiasfcFiSTgHOEBBssMsMKKi88BBMBBMBtMlgyJ3MBlBBBSMXgBtMsaggiyyjBBBiMBBBSifaSMSiBlfBBfcB m "M ?&? m mr gHssyM:Bltl?BH-' j-iKHsslSjBjBjBSJBBBBBSBjBBjnSjBjBBBBJB3BBBBBBBJBJBjBBWTHESUBSTANCE OF THIS EXPANSION IN THE PROPERTIES AND FACILITIES OF THE COlCPXKYISA SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN-TOTAL VALUE OF THE COMPANY'S HOLDINGS WITH REStjE-"ING GREATER" AND STABILIZED EARNING POWER. THIS WILL BE REFLECTED IN AN INCREASED MARKET PRICE OF STOCK.AFTER SEPTEMBER 18; 1918STOCK IS ADVANCED TO $2.00 PER SHAREPRESENT PRICE $1.50 PER SHARE.PAR VALUE $1.00 PER SHARE.tifsSEVEN DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGWITHIN PAST J2WEEKS WELLS Nos. 70. 7lhave, been bfoogtff in at a production in excess of 75 barrels per day each'FACTS TO CONSIDERCotervatiVc"and experienced&3.1. Established compan bey6dv explerlittental -andspeculative stage.2. Net earnings largely in excess of dividend require- 4. Stock kdd'ki substantial Mocks bymeat. ' vestofd?r. m Orders may b$ telephoned or telcgraplied aUbW expense.T-aatmfck-itot&'tFULL lTiMATIONONltilXiUEStABRAM RENICK,1909-12 INTERSOUTHERN BUILDINGLOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY.-1ONE FRENCH CORPORALTURES 700 GERMANSCAP-INVESTIGATE!ARROWHEAD OIL COMPANYVie PresidentEll M. Brown, Jr.Framkfort, Kr.TremidentJttn W; RichardsonLexington, Ky.Glenn U. BrooksSec.-Trma&rDirectorCdvvln P. MorrowSomerset, Ky,Only alimiUd amwiHt sf Stsck will bt soli at pr $1.00per thart. Fortull particulars write, wire or teltphons.FRANCIS & COMPANYiTelephoae 726 First and City Bank Bldf. Telephone3825 Lexington, Ky. 3825The capture of 700 Gerpnans isthe exploit attributed to Pierre Cellier, aged 23, a Corporal in theFrench tank corps. Two field piecesalso were taken. Cellier has beenawarded the Cross of the Legion ofHonor, a reward rarely given to anyone but a commissioned officer.Cellier was in pnmmfmd rf a tont Imanned by fifteen Americans in thexecent fighting in the Marae salient.A shell struck the tank and renderedit usleless. The men then advancedon foot. Cellier discovered the Germans ambushed in a cave. He -keptguard at the entrance for an hour,wlien a German appeared with awhite flag Behind the first onecame the rest of the 700, one by onerThe Germans threw down their arms.before Cellierand marched j to therear at his direction.1 1 J3GOOD .FOR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. -Seeing Chamber--I Iain's "Tablets, advertised T, concludedto try tnem. i improved rapidlyIt-rrMiasvEmma .yerbryke, LimaO,To See Is to Believe.'"If I come in your yard will yourdog bite me?" asked Weary Willie."I'm not certain, mister," replied thewoman of the house, "but the man whosold him to us says that he'll chase atramp 10 miles without stopping. ButI'm not going to believe it till I see itlone." People's Home Journal.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh ,is a , local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J, Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutionarremedy, is taken internally" and acts through the "blood onMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward is offeredfor any case thafHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohfo.Sold by .druggists, 7 5c. 'irHaH's Family Pills for constipation.Telephone No. 4Bourbon LaundrjyiDAVJS & FUNK, Proprietors IWest Fifh Street''SATISFACTION 1OUR WATCHWORD i jIftIy.j,The BouEbori LaundryPans, Kentucky gIi 2D' -J-With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Mrni:r1 13f(sept-adv)3W a"a - " , -!. m 1. - m m . a m Vm i-i m m ;,, fcSa :ilTHE iOUMbNTEWS, PARIS, KT.ii-o. '1-4J5- 'y rzy - " -f'agi irorrFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1 jfgIII II II ! H4 41f ftHiit'miUlllllllHtiC2E32 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO'.HTO-DAY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 13Elsie FergusonMONDAY, SEPTEMBER 161 The J. T. Hinton Co. 1UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRS-Main -andSiKthStreetParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.:i Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Ntt n tit it i inn t im im-! i 1 1 1 nil 1 1 1 nfij-MILLERSBURG'---Mrs. Adella Miller continuesrery much, the same.Millersburg is well representedat the State Fair at Louisville, thisweek. fRegrular meeting of Amity Lodge"No. 40, F. and A. M.t Tuesday even'.&ngf at 7:30.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Tuesday for a visit to her daughter, Mrs.CV7. A. Munsing, at Maysville.Mr. Lee Clarke, of Louisville,-vvrs 'Che guest of his parents, Mr. and" Mrs.OT. S. Clarke, from Monday untilJThtrrsday.r3ffxs. James Price and children,X1 "Escondida, were guests of her paremts, Mr. and Mrs. Rice, at Walnutroye, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Conway, ofAtlpita, Ga., arrived Tuesday as theTgwest of Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Cor-rington, and to be with Mrs. Adella" Miller, who is quite ill.JMrs. T. E. Bowles, who has beencdnducting a boarding house inthe Best Flat for several months,will close her liouse Saturday. Thereason assigned is that there is notenough, business to make it pay.Mr. Rufus Butler, who was oneof the sufferers in the fire last Monday, has rented the vacant storeroom, and has moved his stock intoit. He will reopen his grocery as soonas his insurance losses are adjusted.Among the new students wliowill matriculate at the M. M. I. nextweek are the following from Winchester: William Massie, John Wm.Hodgkin, Emmanuel "VanMeter, Theodore Phillips, Robert Hughes Scobee, Richard Coleman and EdwardHunter.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughter, Miss Bessie Purnell, moved toParis, Wednesday. Mrs. Purnell hasrented her property to Mrs. NeppieRigdon, who will conduct a boardinghouse there for the present. Mrs. Rigdon operated the Blue Bowl restaurant and confectionery, which, wasdestroyed in the fire last Monday.Mr. G. K. Hill sold on Mondayhis plumbing establishment to Mr.Earl Insko, terms private. Mr. Inskotook possession on Tuesday. Mr. HillIN"The Danger Mark"The story of a woman who conquered apassion that had been handed down to herby generations.The Fourth Episode of "Hands Up"with Ruth Roland and George Chesebro.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14William Fox PresentsJewel CarmenI IN"The Bride of Fear"A crooked play in which a beautiful starfights against discouraging odds. Picturesque California scenes.Foxf ilm Comedy, "SocialPirates."William Garwoodand Anne LutherIN"Her Moment"The most unusual problem play ever produced. Mack Sennett Comedy"LADIES FIRST"With - Chester Conklm, Mary Thuraanand Harry Gribbon.PricesAt the Alamo-Children5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2cAt the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c--war tax lcand family will soon go to Arizonaon account of the poor health oftheir son, Mr. Earl Hill. Messrs.Hill and Insko were in Louisville onbusiness Wednesday.The M. C. opened Thursdaywith a good enrollment. Quitet anumber of the young ladies came inon Wednesday. Every train andmany autojmobiles brought in manymore on Thursday. Several have iotyet arrived, and they will be comingfor several days. From every indication it looks as though the boarding department will be full.PUBLIC SALE. Harris &Speakes will sell at Public Auctionfor Miss Nannie Louise Best on thepremises, Saturday, September 28th,at 2:30 p. m., her 3 desirable piecesof property located on Main Street,in Millersburg, Ky. This property iscentrally located and a splendid investment. Will be sold separatelyand then as a whole, best bid or bidsaccepted.(6-10-13-17-20)The debris from the recent fir.eon Main street is now being removed.This is the second fire which Ijastaken place on this site since 1885.All the property burned" on last Monday was that of Mrs. Sue B. Sandusky. In the first fire it was theproperty of her father, Mr. J. M. Vimont. Mr. Vimont took little stockin insurance companies, and at thetime he was burned out carried noinsurance. His daughter, Mrs. Sandusky, had bue ?4,000 insurance onher real estate, and none on the furniture in her home. Mrs. Sanduskyat present is making her home withher cousin, Miss Elizabeth; Vimont.The Ebenezer Presbytery convened at the Presbyterian churchhere Tuesday night and Wednesday,There were about twenty-five dele-V LKj.tbbbb7' I bhhhH bYbhIHbbbi Im j IHbYbYbVbuI-bYbYbYbI HBB5. H f"l BESBHtf ntoMOOAt-Bbbbibi l i m IBB TO'.1H ' tM THCLEVt.1f1BbBmc1B rRtoots itVMYEbT ( i I '" lUON TMC SMSGarlandCombination Coal and GasGOALRangewarming closet IPS AWITH EVERY MODERN COOKING CONVENIENCE, TO CHANGE FROM COAL TOjGAS! -All you have to do is to' pull the lever, asillustrated in the picture. Has a large workingtspace on top, both coal and gas. We are offering! a -special price for early installing .The Garland Combination Range is two verycomplete ranges all in one. As a coal range ithas no superior. It's made of heavy, cast iron.Just as you see in the picture, with high warmingFULL SIZE: RANGE,Connected Up.1COAL BEATERSHave your coal or gas heaters put up whilewe have the time. We are of fering special pricesfor early buyers.Get The' Hot Blast HeaterTo Save FuelHA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co,Main and Tnird Sts.CHAS. GREEN, ManagtrOpposite Court HouseTry Trading at Wheeler'sYou'll Like ,: It !gates present. A nujmber of churchesin the Presbyetry are without pastorsdue to the fact that so many of themhave taken up various lines of warwork. The regular routine of business was dispatched Wednesday,Rev. W. O. Cochran, of Augusta, former pastor of-the Millersburg church,preaching Wednesday at 11 a. m. Alarge part of the- work Was done bythe laymen in absence of pastors. Anelaborate lunch was served in thebasement of the church Wednesdayat noon.The following- is a partial list ofthose in attendance at the meetingof the Ebenezer Presbytery held inthis city Wednesday: Dr. W. O.Cochran and Mr. Megibben, Augusta;Rev. J. E. Curtis, Normal; Rev. G-.M. Howertonv Catlettsburg; Dr. W.D. Spears, Union; Rev. R. M. Caldwell, Moorefield; Rev. Lander andMr. Jas. S. Wall, Carlisle; Rev. Bedinger and Mr. Hill, Rich wood; Rev.Wilson,. Lexington; Rev. Guerrantand J. M. Howe, Elizaville; Rev. Dr.Hunt, Covington; Rev. W. W. Evans,Greenup; Rev. P. S. Rhodes, Mr. G.D. Weathers, Mr. S. L. Weathers,Clintonville; Dr. Wm. Cummings,Winchester; Mrs. Sallie J. Neely,Miss Kate Edgar, Rev. John J. Rice,Paris.NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House, and bring usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. X. REDMON, Deputy.STUDIO orA. R. JOHNSBourbon-Agricultural Bank BuildingPARIS, KY.ThQJy-Studfo in Central Kentucky"Exclusively For White People'5Persons desiring copy work in Enlargements,Water Colors, Miniatures in Ivory, Porcelain,Etc., to be-delivered for ChristmasKindly Place YourOrders NOW!Owing to the difficulties in obtaining supplies, Lmust request my friends; and the public at largeto come early if they want the work for Xmas.Remember your boy at the front"Over There." He has givenyou his photograph send himyours.A. R. JOHNSLargest Selectionof the Latest and Most BeautifulMen's, Women's and Children'sFallFootwear!Ladies' Boots in High, alsoMilitary Low Heels, inBeautiful Grey, Mahoganyand BlackAT MOST ECONOMICAL PRICESnit r1.1 1 II. 1 Imi-ktefiJust a Few of the Many Specials$3.95$5.50Ladies' Mahogany Tan Englishat..Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, TurnatLadies' Mahogany Tan English 6A QttBoots :....V.5wLadies' Gun Metal English Boots go qLadies Gun Metal, buttonat$2.49Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Tan English Walk-Overand Beacon$4.50$5.00$3.49Men's " Gun Metal Walk-Over,EnglishMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- &a fing Shoes V.WBoys' Tan Home Guard. Shoes djo QAbsolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of Cost PriceBOYS' AND GIRLS5SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignIA'aIr