V--K" "V"3-ftr rt&$vJil&&e . - v -iV - .THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR, v"uPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22. 1913VOLUME XXXVIIrj5&r-4Irj?JyW-COAL DEALERS HEAR "FROM LOCAL FUEL COMMISSIONER.Mr. James H. Thompson, Chairman of the Bourbon County FuelCommission, has sent each coaldealer in Paris and Bourbon countya copy of the following letter, inwhich the dealers are .given explicit"instructions regarding the disposl-ration of coal which comes to themarkets:"Paris, ;Ky., Jan. 17, 1918. '"Dear Sirs:"You are hereby advised thdt the"Federal Fuel Commissioner of Kentucky has fixed the following gros3margins of profits on coal sold bydealers in Paris and BourbonCounty, viz:"On coal delivered to the sidewalk or cellar of the consumer,$1.90 per ton; on coal taken by theconsumer from the railroad car,$1.25 per ton."Also you are advised of the following order issued by the FederalFuel Commissioner of Kentucky:"Due principally to the publicitygiven the shortage of coal and thedifficulty experienced in providingfor the requirements of all consumers, the situation has developedwhereby consumers with coal anticipating a shortage in the near futureare unnecessarily adding to theirsupplies. The hoarding of coal bythe individual beyond his immediatenecessities and the delivery of coalby the dealers in a community inquantities beyond these actual necessities should be discouraged inevery possible way. To insure fairness in the distribution of coal, Mhas become necessary to put in operation a plan similar to that in effect in other cities throughout thecountry-. In this connection I amsending you a supply of declarationforms to be furnished the retaildealers with instructions to requireall purchasers of one ton or moreof coal to fill the same, which declaration shall be kept on file by theretailer, subject to the inspection ofthe Fuel Administration. It is absolutely encessary that this be doneat once in order that coal may beconfined in so far as possible tothose in need of fuel and deliveryprevented to consumers with sup-rply-j-on,h an d . , ,- ju-. -- -"Enclosed herewith are the declaration forms which you will pleaseuse under the above instructions."Assuring you of our willingnessto serve you and the citizens of thiscommunity, we are"Very truly yours,"Bourbon ' County Fuel "Commission."By J. H. Thompson, Chairman.In connection with the above thefollowing extract from a letter toMr. Thompson by Mr. ' Wiley B.Bryan, of Louisville, Federal FuelAdministrator for Kentucky, willindicate to whom the matter of complaints regarding a coal . shortageshould be referred:"All complaints or applicationsfor relief should be made to thechairman of the local committee.No action can be taken except uponits recommendation and report asoutlined. This will be saved by addressing communications direct tothe local committee. A shortagereported by a dealer or consumermav indicate nothing more than anirdividual and not a communityshortage. Complaints or applications sent to the United States FuelAdministrator or the State Administrator will merely be referred to thelo-al committee. This committeewill make a thorough investigationand report its findings with recommendations, to the State Fuel Administrator. If the latter, by exercMpjr his authority, cannot get therelief to which the case is entitled,h will seek aid from Washington.The Fuel Administration cannot actf reTt where the facts placed beforeit p-ove. a general emergency, involving the whole community. Ourdutv is to assist the local committeeand vour dutv is to educate the people in vour county to communicate'with vou instead of directly withthe State Administrator.BJLTTP, "bRKE TO "VwOTTHE GmT-" TO-MORROW. tame Burke and frills belong toWjvr even asapple pie and cheese.But there are other Billie 3urkes.ew. and fascinating Billie Burke,hom we are meeting and gettingford of in her cent Paramoun;. nictures. In "Aarms and the Girl,. Tier latest .Paramount Pure whichwM appear at the Alamo Theatreand Grand Opera House to-morrow- -afternoon and evening, we meet a-disheveled, smocked and woodenshoed Billie Burke, who is quite a,fascinating as the more sophisticated actress of her former Productions. As to comfort, Miss Burkedeclares that when women vote fora universal uniform; her vote shalli-.. n -coin'ntTer smocK. Ol- inr xixa i,ii.- "-v the continentals the BelgiansandCORRECT TEXT OF THE PUELCOMMISSION ORDER ,There has been so much discus-1sion pro and con, concerning theprovisions of the fuel saving orderrecently promulgated by the National Fuel Commission that theissue has become somewhat obscured. THE NEWS has obtained astatement from Mr. James H.Thompson, Chairman of the Bour-bon County Fuel Commission, whichis official and final.The statement follows:. ."The Bourbon County Fuel Com-mission has endeavored, in inter-1preting the order issued January!17, 1918, by the United States FuelCommission, to construe the spiritas well as the letter of the law."The information contained below, as sent us under official stampfrom Mr. Wiley Bryan, of Louisville,State Fuel Commissioner, is authoritative and official:"Manufacturing places orderedclosed on January 18, 19, 20, 21 andzz, are oneying tne order and areshowing such a desire to co-operate '44-1. -U -E!..1 A-3.Ii. 1. 1 .Willi LiiC X' UCI XVU.IlHiii3CicH.Ui ili bpatriotic and loyal manner, the committee does not feel that it is necessary to issue any special interpretation regarding the order issuedfor these five days."By executive order dated January 17, 1918, the United States FuelAdministration directed that no fuelshould be used on Mondays, Janu-ary 21, 28, February 4, 11, 18, 25,marcn , i, 5, zo, ior neaung orPTMiTie. on MmUT,t of the fuellighting any building or room forany business purpose wheatever, except offices used by the UnitedStates, State, county or municipalgovernment, transportation companies, banks, trust companies, physicians and dentists, and such as areused in connection with the production or distribution of fuel; alsowholesale and retail groceries,which are allowed to open until 12o'clock noon, for the purpose of sal3or food only. In this case is included those persons' handling foodfor stock; also transportation companies are allowed to use fuel to theextent that same was used on theSunday previous and no more.'No fuel whatever is to beUBed in any other businesshouse which is open for business during the twenty-fourhours beginning at 12 o'clockSunday night and ending at 12o'clock Monday night.This order does not apply to hotels and restaurants where liquor isnot sold."Where a building is not openfor business, fuel may be burned insufficient quantity only to preventinjury to property from freezing;also printers and publishers of dailynewspapers may burn fuel to suchan extent -as is necessary to issuesuch editions as such paper customarily issues on important nationallegal holidays, and where such papers do not issue any edition on aholiday they are permitted to issueone edition on said Monday."For the purpose of selling drugsand medical supplies only, drugstores may maintain necessary heatthroughout the day and evening."Theatres, moving picture houses,bowling alleys, private and publicdance halls or any other places ofamusement may open Mondays. OnTuesdays these places are forbiddento use fuel or light inside or outside. "All laundries are exempt fromthe closing order on Mondays aswell as the five-day closing period."THE BOUREfON COUNTY FUELCOMMITTEE,"By James H. Thompson, Chairman."John T. Hinton,"Jno. Tv Collins,"Samuel Clay, . -. "Dr. C. 'C. Fisher," Committee."1 ?a 3IN THE SERVICE.Mr. Miller Casey, of Paris, grand-son of Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, leftlast week for Ft. Still, in Nebraska,where he will enter the service ofthe United States in the cavalrytraining camp.Mr. Clay Kiser, of Paris, whocame home from the big Spearsranche, near Alberta, Canada, forexamination for army service, re-turned yesterday to Canada. Mr.Kiser had suffered the loss of twofingers and was placed in Class A.He will not be1 called for some timeyet. "Mr. E. Coulthard Fritts, son ofMr. and Mrs. Clarke Fritts, formerlyof Paris, who has been stationed atFt. . Jefferson Barracks, Mo., onspecial duty, has been transferred toanother department. Mr. Fritts is agrandson of the late Mr. John B.Coulthard, who for years operatedthe old grist mill on the Coulthardroad, near Paris. He is a graduateof Georgetown College. When hereceived-ills appointment to armyservice he was teacher of physics atthe University of Illinois, at Cham-1 paign, 111.FARM CENSUS BLANKSTEACHERS FOR "TAG-YOUR-SHOVEL DAY."Pllease call at the County Super-'areintendent's office before January. 24, perature prevailing yesterday and1918, and receive your quota of for several days previous. TherFarm Census blanks for the above mometers in various localities yeswork, terday registered eight below zero.Also, receive the tags to be used Snow and ice continue to hold un,in "Tag-Your-Shovel-Day" cam- interrupted sway, and the Weatherpaign Jan. 30, 1918. On this day Bureau holds out no hope of relief,tags representing a shovel and bear- Co -mg suggestions for saving coal, are . ,, . ., . . .Jf . f.tn fco hh in nrontkoiiv Pvprv rna.1 snaPe due to the fact that they aregrovel in the country by the school'children. Like the proverbial"string around the finger to re-member by," these will act as a con-stant reminder of the householder touse his coal carefully,Instruct children to take thesotags home January 30 and tie tothe family coal shovel, arrangingto have volunteers from among thepupils tag the shovels in home3where there are no school children.The shovel tag will be a constantreminder before the family that one conaitioii, thanks to the good workof the greatest services we can ren- d(me last week b the department.der toward winning the war is conserving coal. ' Workmen are gradually gettingAll this work is going to requiresome time, but I am sure that youwin feel lad of the opportunity toU1US WUIli. 1UI 11CCUU1U.J. B. CAYWOOD,County Superintendent.!T0THE COAL CONSUMERSBOURBON COUNTY.0?It is the desire of the BourbonCounty Fuel Commission to servethe communitv in everv wav nossi-'ble during the great emergency nowfamine.Due to the great expense of de-livering coal in small quantities anddue to the fact that the dealers'profit is limited by the Governmentwe would urge all persons who pur-chase coal in small quantities to goto the coal yards and make their owndeliveries. In doing so they securecoal at the same price at which it issold in larger quantities.JAS. H. THOMPSON,Chairman Fuel Commission of Bour-bon County.to to 1ftSCHOOLS NOT INCLUDED INGARRFIELD'S FUEL EDICT.Several teachers have caired ask- Paris by Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutching If Dr. Garfield's order;tb observe craft, from their Bon, Lieut. R. B.Monday as a holiday for next 10weeks applied to the public schools?In reply will say that I have justtalked to Supt. V. O. Gilbert in re-ard to same and he says that iti des not apply to the public schools.B. CAYWOOD.Superintendent.WE KNOW MOWOLD KINOIs Still Here, andYou Must HaveWARM CLOTHINGTo Keep ComfortableWhether it is airOvercoator a Suit of Clothes thatyou need, we can supplyyour wants. We are showing some mighty good values in Men's Suits at$15.00$18.00and$20.00Clothing with good weightand good dependable woolcloth. Let us fit you in aSuit or Overcoat now. asiJj(Jjj(j(jiiiiiv(,j,the prices are much lower than they will be next winter,and Jt is money saved to buy now..Woolen Underwearand the sDuofold Health UnderwearYou' you will find here in separate garments and unionsuits. Try a pair of Dr. Reed's Cushion Shoes. No coldfeet when you wear these shoes.! i! IIITOUn i o. ni jiiriinnr ;i nil l.nra mm mi ain rmiinr .imil UIH.L.L. up uiniM-muiii. ;;J i . , i jFOR.THE WEATHER MAN STILL GO-ING STRONG.Weather conditions in this sectionpractically unaltered, zero tetn-eing worked, and people from thecounty precenicts are enabled toreach Paris.Mayor January and City ForemanMallaney did splendid work withthe city street cleaning department in clearing Main'Btreet ofthe vast accumulation of snow lastweek. The men worked with a willcleaning approaches to sewer inletsand fire hydrants of ice and snowMain street is now in a passablethe telephone system in the countyback in shape again. Farmersthroughout the county have filledtheir ice houses with fourteen-inchice.Temperatures far below the seasonal averages during the four daysare forecast for the territory eastof the Mississippi affected by thefuel restriction area. Intense coldis now being experienced in the0nio Valley.Twenty-five fat hogs belonging toMr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., fellvictims to the extreme cold lastweek. The animals had been placedin shelter, on the farm, but thecold was too severe. When one ofthe hands went o feed the hogs hefound them frozen to death.The extreme cold has playedhayoc with potatoes stored in cel-l&rs. One farmer residing on theGeorgetown pike had 1,500 bushel3of potatoes stored in his cellar..The whole lot was frozen, making a'complete loss. Another farmer lostsix hundred bushels, which werfrozen and rendered absolutelyworthless as food.LETTERS FROM FRANCE.Letters have been received inHutchcrart, Jr., wno is Bomewaerein France with the American Expeditionary Force under command ofGeneral Pershing. The letters arein Lieut. Hutchcraft's usual enter-taining style and relate in graphic way his experiences and impressions of the army life in France.WINTER- Copyright, WWrmMNIilHi1 1 Or MIIPFATALLY BURNED BY CLOTHESCATCHING EIRE.Mrs. Grover Butler, aged twentyone, wife of Mr. Grover Butler,the Main street liveryman, wasfatally burned about the face,head and body early yesterdaymorning, when her clothing caughtfire from a gas stove.Mrs. Butler had just finishedbreakfast, her husband having goneto the stable, and was standing withher back to the gas stove. A gustof air blew her dress into the stove,and in a minute her clothing was amass of flames. The unfortunatewoman ran screaming into thestreet, first going to the home ofMrs. .Elizabeth Hughes, and then endeavored to reach the stable, ashort distance away, but fell in thesnow. Neighbors and Mr. Butlerhearing her screams, ran to her assistance, her husband smotheringthe flames with a heavy blanketMrs. Butler was taken to her homeand physicians summoned, who applied first-aid-to-the-injured remedies. Mrs. Butler's body was badlyburned, particles of flesh adheringto the blanket when it was removedby the physicians.The Davis ambulance was sum-Imoned, and Mrs. Butler removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital,where every effort was made to relieve her sufferings. She lingeredin intense agony until two o'clock,when death came. The body wastaken to the home of her father-in-law,Mr. W. O. Butler, on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris.Mrs. Butler is survived by herhusband, Mr. Grover Butler; twosisters, Mrs. A. Toadvine, of Bourbon county, and Mrs. Wm. Hitch, ofMillersburg, and one brother, Mr.Roy Clifford, of Millersburg.Funeral services will be held atthe residence of Mr. W. O. Butler,on the Bethlehem pike, at 10:30o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)morning, conducted by Rev. R. C.Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptist church. The interment will follow in the Paris Cemetery.to iRURAL MAIL CARRIERS HADTHEIR TROUBLES.How would you like to be a rurajmail carrier? Not much, if you hailsome of the experiences that befellthe- Bourbon county carriers lastweek.All of the carriers on the eightroutes out the Paris postofflce reported they had a great deal oftrouble in making their trips lastweek. In some places the snow wasso deep that they were compelled toleave the road and make a detourthrough fields in order to get overtheir routes. One of the carriers,Mr. John Spears, on rural route 1,had -four fingers frozen in the performance of duty serving patrons onhis route..Other carriers made unsuccessfulattempts to keep up their scheduletrips.On the whole, the patrons of theeight rural routes were well takencare of by the carriers, who bravedthe elements and personal discomforts in performing their duties.The patrons of these routes shouldbear with patience such delays asmay occur during this weather, asthey are inevitable, and they shouldconsider themselves fortunate inhaving such a good class of men attheir service.GERMAN ALIENS MUST REGISISTER AT ONCE.Upon Chief of Police Fred Linkwill develop the duty of registeringany German aliens who may be irParis or Bourbon county. ChiefLink is in receipt of a copy of thtgeneral rules and regulations prescribed by the Attorney-General ofthe United States, which covers meregistration of alien enemies. Theinstructions issued by Chief Linkto alien enemies of German birth inBourbon county, are as follows:"By order of 'the Attorney Generalof the United States, this is to notifyall natives, citizens, denizens orsubjects of the German Empire orof the Imperial German Government, being males of the age of 14and upwards, who are within theUnited States and not actually naturalized as American citizens thatthey are required to register as suchaliens in the manner provided 'bylaw, full details will be publishedgenerally as news items in the dailypress.',rnie place of registration will beat the Engine House in City Hall,on High street."The time of registration and datethereof are as follows: Beginnig at6:00 a. m. .on the morning of February 4, 1918, and continue eachday between the hours of 6:00 a. m.an d8 p. m., up. to and includingFebruary 9, 1918, on which daysaid registration shall cease at 8:uop. m."t "FRJ3D LINK,"Chief of Police, Parish IWBOYS COMING OF AGE BEXT TOREGISTER.At the request of the War Departmen, Chairman Chamberlain, of thaSenate Military Committee, introduced a bill for the registration formilitary duty of all men who harabecome 21 years old since June 51917, when the draft law wetinto effect.Another bill which Senator flliam..berlain introduced at the request 'otthe Administration would nrnvidfor furloughing National Army memior narvestmg crops and other agricultural duty.Another bill would nut the onotaof the States on the basis of available men m the first class insteadof on population.In determining upon the registration of men who have become 21years of age since the draft law wuenacted the War Department has rejected any plan to raise the aglimits of the draft to take men morethan 31 years old. Registration ofmen who have become of age sincthe draft law was enacted was recommended in the recent report ofProvost Marshal General Crowder ascne of the means by which a supplyof men for the National Army mightbe assured without taking thoswho .might have others dependentupon them. It could be done also,the Provost Marshal General pointed out, by extending the age limitabove the present line of 31. ThWar Department has adopted thfirst suggestion. It is estimated thatit will add about 700,000- men to tcdraft available each year.TURN TO PAGE E0UR.Read about the auction sale oimy residence on Tuesday, January29, at 2 p. m.WITHERS DAVIS.fc 1 1ftTOBACCO SALES TO RESUME TOMORROW. Tobacco sales will be resumed oa.the breaks at both the local tobaccowarehouses to-morrow. A meetingof the Tobacco Board of Trade washeld Saturday to debate the matterof reopening. Several were in favorof opening yesterday, but after discussion, it was decided to wait untilWednesday.Mr. John T. Collins, manager ofthe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany, opposed the motion to resume sales yesterday, stating thathis house would conscientiously observe .'the- -fuel conservation demands, and that there would be nasales at the Bourbon and ParteWarehouses until Wednesday.Large consignments of tobaccowere received at both houses yesterday, ready for the sales to-morrow.A large number of farmers havebeen bringing their tobacco to thamarket on sleds.SUSPECTED AUTO THIEVES.Chief of Police Link is in possession of a 1916 Model seven-passengerStudebaker touring car, for .which he is endeavoring to find anowner. Chief Link secured the carwhile arresting two negro men ona charge of stealing valuable furbuggy robes.Two robes, one belonging to M.John Wiggins, the other to Mr.Mr. Charlton Alexander, were stolenfrom a. local stable not' long ago bysneak thieves. The trail in thesearch for the culprits finally led totwo negroes, Elmer Redd and LesterDouglas, who were placed under arrest and lodged in jail. Both menconfessed. The automobile was also-a part or their loot, rne meaclaimed to have bought the machinain Indianapolis. Chief Link took"harge of the machine, and is endeavoring to locate the owner. Therugs were recovered by the Chiefand returned to thir owners.Fire, Wind and Lightning.Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m m mMAKE A TEST RUN.Mayor January made a test ofthe working of the fire alarm system Saturday morning by sendingin an alarm fromjBox 18. The bigtower bell on the roof of the firedepartment, which has been out ofcommission for some time, was placid in good working order last -week,and the alarm system given a general overhauling. In order to tertits workings, the Mayor pulledBox 18, at Seventh and Main. The 'department responded in good timand satisfied the Mayor that, theywere on the job to the minute, day"or night.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts'SWIFT PACKING PLANT AT 110JANEIRO BURNED.Fire, supposed to have been ofincendiary origin, and ascribed ythe authorities to a German plot oevidence, destroyed the big plamt ofthe Swift Packing Contpaay, atJRlJaneiro, Brazil, Saturday. Tke lowt-"is estimated at 1500,000. v''Sthc French.r - tt(J, .finIAPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAR1S.K .TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1918.fr,mI:mNrVK -fvM BOURBON NEWS- aMahed 1881-35 Yeart of Con-- ..tinuous Publication.Mblished Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. . ".$2.00 Six, Months... $1.00v Payable in Advance.W1FT C-:AMP. Editor and Owner,Any erroneous reflection upon the.'.-.-... -.--.... - .-.--.character, standing or reputation ofMTfW naronn flrTri rr vxrivtrotinn td-M-JiVv -qay appear in the columns of THEEUUKttuiN jnjw wiu D6 giaaiy cor-greeted if brought to attention of theA-LWi.ADVERTISING RATESDIsmar Advertisements. 51.00 per-,,, men ior nrsu ume; ou cents per uicueach subsequent Insertion.xvcauius nuuwii, xu -cu.d ye nixeach issue; reading notices, In black"typeJJO cents per line, each issue.nFrie nf fhaniro nniik on okn hi.Viu.kr w -.,..--, v . . ...-dates, obituaries and resolutions, andixniiaf matter. 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.a.wu.v . .,...,, ...--.JTiie right of publisher is reserved.to decline any advertisement or other.. matter for publication.iT,nmmf.nonfe frvi- rwiHHnnl offipoo.must invariably , be accompanied oythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.frFor All -less' Days.Ivly Tuesdays, are meatless,My Wednesdays are wheatless;i'm getting more eatless each day.' My home is heatless, my bedissheetless,'They're all sent to the Y. M. C. A.( fhe "bootleggers are treatless,'My coffee is sweetless,Ji'in getting almost speechless,My socks are feetlees,'My trousers are seatless,,ftxee! HoW" I do hate'' the Kaiser-TBut I'm getting poorer and wiser!"Do You Remember -?"All previous winter, records have' lieen thrown Into the discard, andthat which has, been in the makingrsince the seventh day of Decemberopertainly takes front rank, at least, in the opinion, of Paris people.v Old King Winter has everybodyguessing what sort of cold stunt hewill pull off next. If there is anyvariety of weather we have not Experienced lately, pray lefs liave it'now, and not prolong the darnedi , thing into the middle of May.-'We have been -to some pains tolook up the oldest inhabitant o?1 Paris to get a few notes from himof recollections of any worse winter. than this, but Jthe aged gentlemanis, for once, unable to recall any.Uasting bratid like this and thejorst of it is, that the end may not..yetbe in sight! 'x Sataii Resigns To Kaiser.i' !'THE NEWS man occasionally''"gets an inspiration, some might callit a brain-storm, but at any rate,ft comes like a dream, and gets by.cThe other night, after a courseTuncheon followed by a strong'igar, donated by a friend whosympathized -with liim in the woeseand troubles that visit the newspa''per man, he got the following outrif his system:"The Devil sat by a. lake of fireOn a pile of sulphur kegs;"''His head was bowed -upon hisbreastSis tail between his legs;A look of shame was on his face,The sparks dropped from his eyes."Tin down and out" the Devil said'.He said it with a sob.. fJThere are others who outclass me,.And I want to quit the job.. '-Hell isn't in it with the landThat lies along the Tthine,JKpi a has-been and a piker,!!&nd, therefore. I resign."4 . .1 rans ortunate.v, It is exceedingly fortunate for the-city that so many of our citizensT-.are using gas for fuel during therent long-continued cold weath-Ks. -e-- . - ......" er. To that cause 7can be attributedthe few fires which- have, occurred.' Tn former rears some of the mostx 'Z. .. . ... , SA 1disastrous conllagrations nave visu-QQ. IUC U1LJ UUllUg ahqiuij v-vipclfe, 'most of them finding theirorigin mtno ecumuiauon oi bootfflaeo D tne uucmuBt "- am- w'lksleadof gas causing" soot, if the-VliB.W Xroiii it e,i otuvv 10 i ui t.u..j a.cP'vj-si , chomicaK action is such that- jm?7 vctifTC of abhes andsootn- fflue, leaving nothing: to take -fireshould a spark fall into -it.Theecords of the fire departmentf Wniar&d tallica ofI fires Slum thft "mr.rnriiip.rmn of erasas a fluel, 'most of which have, heretofore? been attributed to foul 'flues.'Peeling the PinchWhen the various non-essentialindustries are closed, as they willt nnriAr tha T5VriArn1 nrcl&r thp. firshpinch 0f war will be felt by manypersons who have not yet realizedUiat we are acually at war-"Ynn miisr suffer befor'You must suffer before youIrtlOW Vflll iT( at. War." Said anEnglishman to an American. "And-when you begin to suffer m pursjyou wm begin . to realize the factf totit" "The proprietors and the patronsof non-essential institutions couldnnt. otherwise ne awakened to thefn.pt. of war as surelv and as simnly-- by having their customary activ-J ities or amusements cut short by the- -Wf--mrrv, wr,rTHE NEWS cannot take pleasurein seeing any place of business "lid-. ...--,ded" on account or a lacu: oi ruei ioressential business purposes. Thenon-essentials make life worth liv-T...1 H..'' .--..4. titan "U-ing. J5UU u,t me prc-cui time iucj f Paris and Baurbon county. ... -. f ... .. . wnrthmust not think of life being worthliving otherwise thdn when there ISireeaom ru,. iub ,yn-uy . ia.uuseeking, power-seeking Empire. Wemust take our first little dose of themedicine of war with good grace,and to expect others more drastic inthe future.FOR THE PRIMER CLASS.( Courier-Journal)The Hoover Bureau has respondedto a proposal from the Literary TJigest that a statement upon foodconservation be made plainly andtersely in order that even . schoolchildren may understand it. Thematter provided by the UnitedStates Food Administration is published "especially for High Schooluse." From it for the benefit of theprimer class in general conservation, the 'Courier-Journal clips thefollowing:It isn't a question of money atall. If a man has a dollar" andspends it unwisely, wastes it, inj fact, he can always say to himself:'That was very foolish and wrongof me. And I'm sorry. But it'sdone now, and the best thing I cando is to go -ahead and earn anotherdollar and not waste that."But the case is not the same withfood. If you waste a dollar, thatdollar has merely gone into someone else's pocket or cash register orbank. It still exists. But you wastefood let it get into the garbagepail and be thrown away that foodlike the heroine of the old song, is"lost forever." Being orry afterward will not bring it back. Thatamount of food is simply subtractedfrom the world's supply. Subtractedand lost as a weapon for winningthe war.To get at the reasons for conserving other consumable commoditieswhich are needed in the war, bysimple means, substitute for "food"in. the statement of the Hoover Bureau, any one of the followingwords: (Steel, Iron, Lumber, Wool, Cotton.Leather, Labor.The list of substitutes for theword "food" which could be employed to make it clear why conservation is exigent is, of course, muchlonger. Think over a list of articlesand commodities used ordinarily,and all consumable, and add to thelist those' which we have not included. Reflect upon the fact thatnearly everything you use" is aproduct of mines, forests or fields,plus labor, and that in nearly everycase it is plus haulage in freightcars or otherwise,- and that in allcases it is consumed by'lhe buyer.Even the .mahogany bedstead youinherited from your great-grandfather was consumed in that it wasremoved from the world's heap'ofmerchandise and put to private usewhen it was bought. A majorityor your uurcuius-a a,i ji.mu.vour purchases arenhvsically in that deteriorationJf - "from use use makes them eventuallyuseless. The buyer who. uses longer 25, 1918, no fuel shall be burned,than he otherwise would use the! (except to such an extent as is esconsumable article, and therefore se ntial to prevent injury to propertydoes not get another article in its rem freezing for the purpose oii .-- ,-,Afl!fl0 -Siicf oyia,, UU-l- -m mu .-- J- "-Jmuch needed as food for the -winning of the war.Xst m T9&J State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank .T. Chenev makes, oath that. ,he is senior nartner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County and jState aforeseaid, and that said firm,,-.,n or v. 0,1 nt nxrm TTTTx-rnTr.DO-LAKS for each and every ease oflo-clo noon and except ttat for. . ... . - v - . ..va.ciii ii lucvu ;aiiuvi. uc uicu jy nit;use of HALL'S CATARRH MEDI-CINE.FRAlfe J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subacrib-ed in my presence, this 6thv day ofDecember, A. D., 186.A. W. QLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.XXttll J VjUUcllllX H1CU1U111U t LiltvCllinternally and acts through the bloodHall's Catarrh Medicine -is takenon tne mucous surraccs. or tne syaiem.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,- Toledo, Ohio.Sold. by all druggists, 75c., Hall's Family Pills for constipa-isjtlon.(?!lfr '-s 'v a, ; ,'(advjan)CL0S-. N ING ORDER.WASHINGrTQf', fi. c!, January21. The following !s the Jfevisedtext of Ifyiel ".Director Garfield'sdrastic closing qrder, which vaseffective at midnight, Thursday,January X 7.A regulation making provision fora more ad'eauate suudIv of fuel foij railroads, domestic consumers, pub. lie utilities and other use3 necessaryto the national security.he United States Fuel Administratoracting upder the authorityof an executive order of the President of the United States datedAugust 23, 1917, appointing saidAdministrator, in furtherance of thepurpose of said order and of thejurposes of the act of Congresscnerem reierrea io approveu -august10, 1917, finding it essential effep.tivelv to rarrv ont. the Tsrovision-;jof this act, to make provision for amore adequate supply oi tuei torrailroads, domestic consumers, pub-! lie utilities and for other uses necessary to the national security incertain parts of the United States,hereby makes and prescribes the following regulations:Section 1. Until further ordersof the United States Fuel Administrator all persons selling fuel inwhatever capacity shall, in fillingtheir, contracts for orders now onband, give preference to necessarycurrent requirements of railroads,domestic consumers, hospitals, charitable institutions, army and navycantonments, public utilities,by-pro-ductcoke plants supplying gas forhousehold uses, telephones and telegraph plants, shipping for bunkerpurposes, the United States forstrictly governmental purposes (notincluding factories or plants working on contracts for the Unitede:o. TnTiiTfnotnrer3 of nerishn.hlo-food or of food for necessary immediate consumption, and municipal,county or State governments fornecessary public use. Any tonnageremaining after the foregoing preferred shipments have been made,may be applied in filling any othercontracts or orders.Section 2. On the followingdays, namely, January 18, 19, 20,21 and 22, 1918, the State FuelAdministrators and 'their accreditedrepresentatives in the various communities in the territory in whichthis regulation applies, are herebyempowered and directed to divertsuch fuel as arrives in communitiesin carload lots to keep current requirements, and to provide an adequate and normal supply for suchconsumers of fuel a3 are specified inSection 1 hereof.Section 3. On the following days,namely, January 18, 19, 20, 21 and22, 1918, and also on each andevery Monday beginning January28, 1918, and continuing up and including March 25, 1918, no manufacturer or manufacturing plantshall burn fuel or use power derived from fuel for any purpose, withthe following exceptions:-(a) Plants which necessarilymust be continuously' operated sevendays each week to avoid serious injury to the plant itself or its contents may use only such quantity offuel as is necessary -to prevent suchinjury to the plant or its contents.(b) Manufacturers or plants manufacturing perishable food or foodnecessary for immediate consumption. (c) Manufacturers of food notperishable and not necessary for immediate consumption may burn fuelto the extent authorized by the FuelAdministrator of the State in whichsuch plant is located or by his fullyauthorized representative upon application by the United StatesvFoodAdministrator.(d) Plants necessary to the printing and publication of daily papersmay burn fuel and use power derived therefrom as usual, except thaton every Monday, from January 21,to March 25, 1918, inclusive, theymay burn fuel or use power derivedtherefrom in only to such extent asis necessary to print and publisneditions as such plant customarilyprints' and publishes on legal holidays other than the Sabbath; or ifsuch plants, do not customarily printor publish any editions on such legalholidays, they may burn tuel pr usesuch power to such extent as-'is neeessary to issue one edition on thesaid Monday.(e) Printing establishments mayburn fuel on January 18, 19, 20, 21- ancl , .9i, to sucn -vlu a;S B 0SbSTtSjS?rBaAASection 4. On each Monday, beginning January 21, and continuingI J3XXAIJ.A0 V M.V.v- J1 11T to and including Monday, MarclouppiJ"-. -"(a) Any business or professionaloffices, except offices used by theUnited States, State, county or municipal governments, transportation; J companies, public utilities compa-;nies, telephone ana teiegrapn companies, banks, trust companies, physicians or dentists.j. li) - VV UU1 cHC Ul.ica.li o-o u.'-- cfnmc vmciness honseq or hn?i(b) -Wholesale or. retail stores orr. ess buildings whatever, except thatfor the purpose of selling food only,stores may maintamnecessary heaton anvof the specified days untilLl. JJ.JJ'J lV----t .... .V.K .medical supplies only, stores maymaintain necessary heat throughoutthe day and evening.Section 5. On each Monday, beginning January 21, 1918, and continuing up to and including March25, 1918, nd fuel shall -'be burnedfor the purpose of heating rooms inwhich intoxicating liquor is sold x)rserved on these days. 'x "Nothing in- this regulation shallbe construed to forbid, the heatingof restaurants, hotels or otherplaces in which meals are served,but in which no intoxicating liquoris sold or served on the said Mondays." -Section 6. No fuel shall" be burnedJ on any of the Mondays specified inthe bregoing section for the purpose 6f supplying Jpower for theREVISED TEXT OF T., -T"" : v' ." .& tyr k Pi--ii''Wr m !-l--:iLf "" B -J--9rVE!--Sv ?. 2QB ra w. i Q-HrVAt T--r-)1 v i5aveI-a whelpthemovement of surface, elevated, subway or suburban trains in excess ofthe amount used on the Sunday previous thereto.Section 7. Nothing' in this regulation shall be construed to apply orto affect the operation of any mineor plant producing fuel, nor shallthis regulation be' construed to forbid the heating of said rooms oroffices, or such portions of buildingsas are used in connection with theproduction," transportation or distribution of fuel.Section 8. State Fuel Administrators and their representatives specifically authorized so to do are hereby empowered to grant such reliefas may be essential to prevent injury to health or to prevent disruption of or Injury to property destroyed by fire or freezing.Section 9. This" regulation is effective throughout the United Stateseast of the Mississippi River including the whole of the States o Louisiana and Minnesota.Section 10. Any person, firm, association or corporation which violates or refuses to conform to theabove regulation may be liable tothe penalty prescribed in the aforesaid act of Congress.H. A. GARFIELD.- tei mGot the Other Place.A practical joker called up the telephone operator and said: 'Hello,Central., Give me heaven," but thatisn't what she gave him. YoungstownTelegram.CONSTIPATION AJTD INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand"" indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere.Master Commissioners Sale of LandJ v ' ; n Jr BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTIMRY I. BURBRIDGE, ETC., . . K . . . . -. . . PEAINTIITSVS Master's Sale of Land. ' ,JAMES BURBRIDGE, ETC., , IJEFEinJANTSUnder and by virtue of & judgment andTrder of sale rendered at the November, 1917, term of theBourbon Circuit Court in the above styled "Action therein pending; t&r undersigned Master CommissionedMONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1918at the front door of the Court House, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 11 olock a. im win sell at ih.lic auction, to the highest and: best bidder, the following described property: p1st A tract of 53 acres lying on the Bethlehem and Paris and the -Bethlehem and: HutchisonStation Turnpikes, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, being known as the "Home Place " andbounded as follows? Beginning at 1 in the angle of the p lrnpikes, thence ST ST- degrees19 minutes W. 84 to 2, a deflection in the turnpike; thenc? -S. SS degrees 4 ihinutes W '' 35.28-poles to 3; thence with .a line fence N. 53' E. 74.92 poles to 4, a stone- thence S' GT degress 29 minutes E 112.48 poles to 5, a stone; thence S 4 degrees 30. minutes E 73 48poles to the beginning, containing fifty-three acres of land. - "2nd A tract of 15.33 acres 'described as follows: Beginning at E, a corner to? Marion'"Hallthence with his line N. 78. 3-8 E. 2S.24 chains to 6'; thence with the center of the Parisand Bethlehem turnpike S 3 -9.23 chains to 5, a corner to No. 1 thence with Xo 1 IT86 3-8 W. 28.30 chains to 4, a stake in line of No. 2. thence with Xo. 2 N. 2 17chains to the beginning. - "3rd--A tract of 43.72 acres described as follows: Beginning in the Middle of the Paris and: -Bethlehemturnpike ,at A; thence with the middleof same N. 3 AV: 27.32 chains to Bmenu- n. - x. jlo.vo cnainsno Li, me miciare oi said turnpike and a' corner to EdSparks; thence with his line S. 3 3-SE. 31.25 chains to D, a corner to James Russellthence with his line N. 86 W. 15.06 chains to the beginning-.The lands to be sold constitute a highly -improved Eiue Grass farm. 111 acres; 13 milesfrom LexingtQn, 6 miles from - Paris, two miles from Hutchison Station, three miles from the interurban Road; brick house with ten rooms; tenant house four roomsiiew silo; two large barnssmall stable; splendid ice house; all necessaryiout-buildings; well and cistern ; two excellentsprings; good orchard; church and school near by. The purchaser will get ten acrts of rye andtwenty acres of growing wheat; also one-half of ten acres of growing wheat on the shares.'Said sale will be made upon the credits of six ani twelve months for equal parts of the mirchatemoney, the purchaser or purchasers being required fo execute their two bonds with good surety tobe ib- -provedby the Commissioner for eaual 'parts of the purchase money, due six'and twelve months from date not sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate bf six per cent, per annum from date of sale umtxlpaid, with a lien retained upon the property' to further secure their payment, said bonds to have, the fortsand effect of judgments. v " x f nfine jaasier reserves jne ngn.rF. KENNFY-Auctioneer.Aa ioawmwars0TTR AT.T.TFrS' PURCHASES HERE-Most of the money advanced bythe United States to the nations ofEurope engaged in war with Germany is spent in this country forthe products of our farms, minesand-factories.Under the arrangement made bythe Secretary of the Treasuryandi approved by the President,these allied government communicate their requirements for materials and supplies to a United Statescommission through their own designated purchasing agents in thibcountry and the commission thenrenders its best efforts to obtainadvantageous terms which are submitted to the purchasing agents.By these means competitive bidding against the other allies andagainst the United States is avoidedand the same terms and the sametreatment our own Government receives is accorded to our allies.It is expressly stipulated that ncobligation or "liability upon thfUnited States shall be created, bythis arrangement. Our Government is simply lending its assistanceto our allies in the' spending hereof the money we loaned them. Theprotection thus granted them isdeserved, for they are doing workwhich, if they do not do, must bodone by America at the expense ofAmerican lives and Americanmoney. 'fe P3 1B'It is doubtful if the auctioneerwould make a good sailor in spiteof the fact that he knows all aboutsales.Xxo reject any a.nQ ail Was.'eelc. -Of course, Mr. MeAJoo is a vagrcapable man, but -it takM a ywrycapable man. to hold tkt eien t'Secretary of the Trtasuij, Diraetbit IGeneral of the Railroads of AimAica and official son-in-law of the Administration.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists J of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set -is finished in mission and is good ap new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. , (ifr. c --: i1hj v- w ii alii-Illness iIs plain to be seen in the weakened and irritated appearance of theeyes; the persistent and distressingheadaches; pains in temples or forehead; blurring together of letters;that frown which is beginning" tospoil the face. Together with these,there is the effect on7 the generalhealth, which is great in manycases. Let me give you the benefitof my several years' daily experiencein expert eye testing and correctfitting of glasses for eye-strain in allits forms. Yours for. better eve-sight.1DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 47. 520 'Main St.Public SaleBUSINESS PROPERTY"I will sell at public auction, on thopremises, at 1329 Main Street, onMONDAY; ITSBRUARY 4, 1918,'.at' about 11:30 a. jm., the brick business house now occupied by the ParisGarage.This building is a modern twostory brick building, facing 39.6.feet on Main Street- and runsthrough the .entire block to HighStreet, being equal width through-,out,, the- building covering the entirelot.This is an excellent business location, having for Tears been rente1idtrt profitably. The rear of the building is on the Paris Interurban carline-; making the unloading and loading of freight from the rear of thebuilding; to and from the interurban.cars,, most convenient, and effectinga considerable saving to. the - occupant of thc-buflding in drayageharges. Has gas, water and electric lights.The second iloor of the building isfitted, up into a commodious andmodern flat, equipped with water,gas and electric li&hcs, and which Isalso- a substantial, revenue producer.For further information, apply tothe undersigned.TERMS One-third cash, the balance-in equal payments due and payable in one and two years fromdate, said deferred payments to bear6 per cent, interest, from said saledate.SAM CIxAY, Agent,or A. B. HANCOCK(IS-5t) Paris. Kys- - MO. T. HINTON iMaster CcmmlcsUiKr Bourbn Circuit CurtL,. M wwT'r"mi MkfftJVI .---:. "'vv.TV. z'Fr. t- iwrV - . . .TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 19 1'8.EATS UN! IDOF FOOD ICETAKING TANLAIKentucky Woman Tells How TanlacPut Stomach Back in Shape."It used to be that eating .foodlike beans, cabbage or onions wouldmake me sick at my stomach, butsince Fve been taking Tanlac I caneat anything I want," said Mrs.Mary Hunter, 110 Gray street, Louisville, Ky."I always had gas in my stomachafter eating before I tried Tanlac,and I'd feel bloated," Mrs. Huntercontinued. "My appetite was verypoor, too, and sometimes I had pains Iin my stomacli."L felt draggy and tired out andit was hard for me to get at mywork. I got up in mornings feelingtired and sometimes I'd get up witha headache that would last all day."Somebody told me that Tanlacwas good for the stomach and finallyI tried it. Before Thad taken all ofthe first bottle I saw I was getting"better. I kept on taking Tanlacthough until I had taken three bottles in all and now my stomach ishack in fine shape. I can eat anykind of food I want now and I'mreally feeling well again."Get Tanlac to-day if you are notfeeling right. Tanlac has helpedthousands of run-down men and women and it will do for you what itlias done for others. You can getTanlac at G. S. Varden's drug store.(adv)is .pa EaBIG INCREASE PROBABLE INSTATE RAILROAD TAXATIONAn increase in assessment of thetangible property of the railroadsof the State will be made by theState Tax Commission. Several ofthe roads will get an increase of100 percent, while others will farebetter at the hands of the Commission. The increased assessments ofthe Tailroads probably will amountto $30,000,000, which will add considerably to the funds of the StateTreasury. The Commission is nowat work assessing the tangibleproperty of the railroad companiesand probably will announce the assessment some time this week.MARGOLEN'SFreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketProfessional Cards.WIVK GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPNJProrr?Jand ' Courteous"Patrchi.vAttention to-HOT AND COfr) BATHS.&-AN AKMY OF STENOGRAPHERS.1There is to-day in vthe City ofWashington in -active operation anarmy whose exploits attract littlenotice, but whose members are doing a very large Mbit" toward winning the war for America; an armyof stenographers and typists, twelvethousand strong, recruited fromery State in the Union. A majority of these soldiers of the notebook and typewriter are girls. Dayin and day out their nimble fingersfaithfully click out the tremendousvolume of correspondence and records required by a great nation atwar. They wear no badge nor uniform; their work is all work and hasno thrill nor romance; but theUnited States "Could not stay in thewar a month without them.The rapidly expanding department in Washington employ stenographers and typists, with. a. greedthat seems inastiable. "The Unite-1States Civil Service Commission estimates that there will be twentythousand Government employes N ofthis class in Washington at the endof this year. Owing to the generaldemand the Commission is finding ita difficult task to meet the "calls ofthe departments. Examinations areheld every Tuesday in 450 cities,and the Commission states. that anexamination will be held in any cityat any time, day or night, whenthere is prospect of assembling aclass of three or four competitorsEligibility may be obtained throughpassing an examination in practicaltests in shorthand and typewriting.It is practicable to complete such anexamination in one hour. Representatives of the Civil Service Commissi6n at the postoffices in all citiesare furnishing definite informationto persons interested.TS )d 151SENATOR 'kSkT ASSERTS THEKAISER IS AN ATHEIST." "A sacrilegious barbarian" is thedescription Senator William H.King, of Utah, gives to the Kaiser.Senator King in an interviewtakes up the utterances of theKaiser since he went on the throne,in one of. which he calls himself the"instrument of the Almighty.""The latest utterances of theGerman Emperor," says SenatorKing, "to the effect that the year1917 has proved that the Lord ofCreation is an unconditional andavowed ally of the German people, isin line with the many sacrilegiousutterances that have characterizedhim since he ascended the throne."Senator King voices the utmost'abhorrence of this "cruel, fiendishand barbarous -ruler," and "declareshe is not a Christian, but atheistic.lEHeTiea ;Never Met the Man."Them newspapers;1' complained thepolitician, "fire charging me with bowing the knee to Baal, and I never metthe man in my life." -Boston Transcript. STATEMENTOf The Ownership, ManagementEtc., ofTHE BOURBON NEWS,"published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for Oct. 191-7, required bythe Act of August 24, 1912.NOTE This statement is to be madeIn duplicate, both copies to be delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster,who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral(Division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in thefiles of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, Ky.i Manaeina Editor Swift Champ. jBusiness Manager Swift Champ. sPublisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholders holding one per cent, or more of totalamount of stock.)Swift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgages andother security holders, holding on?per cent, or more of total amount ofbonds, mortgages or other securities.None.SWIFT CHAMP.! Sworn to and subscribed before methis 21st day of January, 1918.this 25th day of Septmber, 1916.C. K. THOMAS, "Notary Public Bourbon Co., KyMy Commission expires Jan. 22,1918.iSAcae Cream for BlacicieaifaaiLPimBlesMotor Crete for Protectiorf-'WLiteaiar Cream for BIeackiaTice Creui for SofteaiarAitriaseBt Crem for OSaeuLettuce Creaa for CleiBsiBC50c and $1 SizesIf you have never testgdthese Creams, send two; to-coyer cost 01 maiuthe ones ytDur Bookletvou desirecareMA-PAIONJPhone bib 56 Main St."322BJuMsmti ftvv ' Tflfc BCURBONSOCIAL -AMD PEHSOinAJL.Comings and GToings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhereMisses Nellie Ferguson andMary Turner have returned from avisit to Mrs. Stanley Swango, inDayton, O.Mr. Louis Wollstein is visitinghis daughter, Mrs. David Bachrach,and Mr. Bachrach, atjLittle Rock,Arkansas. "Miss Margaret Slattery has returned to" her home in Lexington,after a visit to the Misses Toohey,at their home near Paris.Mrs. E. 8T Perry has returnedto her -home in Sonora, Ky., after avisit to her father, Rev. B. P. Onyand family, on Cypress street,t George W. Stuart and son, JohnM. Stuart, are at home from a business trip to the oil fields of Oklahoma, Ttonsas and Nebraska.Mrs. TJeorge W. Stuart has coneluded a very pleasant visit to relatives in Orawfordsville, Indiana, andleturned to her home on Mt. Airyavenue, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Aylette Bucknerhive gone to Eustis, Florida, tospend the remainder of the winterwith Mrs. Buckner's mother, Mrs.E. F. Clay, and-Gol. Clay, who havea winter home there.Mrs. Albert Curry and son, A1a!bert Curry, Jr., of Paris, wereguests several days the past week ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Wheeler. Mrs. Wheeler is improving from a four-weeks' illness.Miss Maybelle Sjiapp has resigned her position as saleslady inthe Chas. S. Goldstein store and accepted a similar place in the drygoods, department of the David Feldstores She is succeeded' at theGoldstein store by Mrs. EdwardFeeback.(Other Personals on Page 5)LITTLE CITIZEN'S LEAGUEDoes your-boy and "girl know justwhy we are at war jand why wemust win? Don't be satisfied to letthem take someone else's say so. Besure that they have figured the situation out for themselves.Do your children know what istaking place at the Nation's Capitalto mobilize the men and resources,to raise money, to guard the Nation's food, to build a great American merchant marine? If not, theyshould. They are the citizens of thefuture. On their intelligence andindustry will depend the speed withwhich ""the country recovers from the"great sacrifice it shas been calledupp to" make for the safety of ourlimuiuiions. yThe Women's Committee pi theCouncil of National Defense,through co-operation with the StateCouncils, is organizing 'Little Citizens' Leagues" throughout the country for -the purpose of giving justthis instruction that your childrenneed. Why not have your local orneighborhood teacher organize a"Little Citizens' League?," Why notdo it yourself? You can securecomplete directions and literaturefrom your State Council of NationalDefense. February Mother's Magazine. IS S 153SOLDIER AND SAILOR INSURANCE. To the man who has gone to thecolors the United States ' Government offers the safest, the most liberal, -and the cheapest insurance onthe face of the earth. Approximately 300,000 men have already accepted the -Government's o'ffer, applying for insurance of about twoand three-quarter billions of dollars. The average amount appliedfor per manyjs more than $8,600,which is vey close to the $10,000maximum provided for by the law.This Insurance total, great as itis, should be only a beginning. .Everyperson in the military and navalforces of the Nation owes to himself and to those he loves to availhimself of the full insurance protection. But the time in which hecan do so is limited. Prompt action is imperative.Those who joined tlie service before October 15, 1917, must applyfor the insurance on or before February 12, 1918. ' After that, it willbe too late The automatic insurance which is provided until February 12, 1918, is only partial portection. "Parents, brothers and sisters, whohave a representative of their family in the Army or Navy should, fortheir own sake, and for his, wrifehim at once urginghfm, if he hasnot already ddne so, to buy the Government fnsurance. They shouldurge him to buy the full $10,000,and, above 'all, to buy it now.v OUR STOCK y0F GOLD.The ''gold money stock (coin andbullion used as money) in -the United States 'on November 1, 1917, is'estimated in Secretary McAdoo's annual report at $3,041,500,000. Theincrease in thp past 10 months hasbeen $174,5000,000, and in the pastthree years $1,236,000,000. Infive years the portipn of the world'sgu'u iuuubwuj ouuvirv. nciu uy LUCUnited States liasx increasa" f romapproximately onefifth to more thanone-third. lNEWS, PARIS, KlATTENTION FARMERS OF BOUR-BON INFORMATION SOUGHTBY UNCLE SMr.The County Superintendent ofSchools' las been called upon by theUnited States Government to makea survey of labor needed difring thecoming season and a' statement ofcrop acreage", livestock, seed andother farm supplies wanted or forsale. The blank's for this purposehav.e arrived -at the County Superintendent's office antl. will be distributed to the teachers of each schooldistrict, who will see that eachfarmer in each district registers thpinformation, from each farm- operated in each, district, required bythe Government.Therefore, every farmi owner, orperson operating a farm, is directedto either come to the. County Superintendent's office between the datesof January 19 and 28, and fill inhis blank from which desired information, or call upon the teacher ofhis school district, on or betweenthe dates of January 24 and 28, forsaid blank form and said -teacherwill assist him in every way possible. Do not delay this for one moment,as the Federal Government musthave the "information called for inorder to properly take care of thelabor situation all over the country. This census is the most important the Government ' has undertaken since war was declared. It isindispensable, so get your . blanksfilled immediately.There being no school at this timein the districts of Deaver, Bethlehem, Escondida, Centerville, Ford'sMill and Hutchison, the farmers inthese districts will be obliged cocome to the County Superintendent' s office. Do not delay! Comeat once! This work must be completed by Jan. 29, 1918. CountyDemonstrator L. S. Robbins will assist -in this work.,J. B. CAYWOOD,County Superintendent.CONGRESS MASKED TO PROBESLANDERS AGAINST ARMYCongressional investigation of"slanderous charges" against thecharacter of American troops abroadalleged to have been circulated bythe Anti-Saloon League, was proposed in a resolution offered by Repiesentative Cary, of Illinois.The resolution proposes thatSpeaker Clark appoint seven members from the Military Committerto inquire "into "these grave andserious charges." It says that statements "by the Anti-Saloon League,tSftfc-our soldiers in Europe' aredrunkards, afflicted with vile diseases, filling the prisons," are"slanderous and detrimental to thecharacter and reputation of ourboys who are sacrificing "their livesfor -liberty." yThe resolution, would empowerthe commit&e to summon witnessesfrom the Anti-Saloon League, andthat they be compelled to furnishproof of where they obtained theirinformation.BAD COLPqUICKLY "BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough -Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many ofv friaries of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms." Obtainable everywhere. , . N(adv-jan)The, Kaiser is still hoping to putNicholas Romanoff back on thethrone, so that Wilhelm Hohenzollern,rwill be Czar of Russia.THANKS!Our Business forjhe Year1917 was More ThanDoublrtnat of the , Preceding"" Year.For this we extend ourthanks, ,to our patrons -'andwish for -them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 mtheir business pursuits.CALtAGAINVWILMOTHJ Grocery Co.Phone 376 "- -x . V ' ' : r ' PAGE-THlll! vt f""" i minim Maea T"u ' Vig Sale Now Going OjiCOME INLadies9 Suits and Coaf;s Errom$12.50 UpAllSergeand Silk Dresses From'$6.50 UpAll Sizes. V' Ladies' Hats4 98c UptChildren's -CoatsJ$2.00 UpMany PrettyBlouses,38 to 54$4.50 AND UPIn Hand-Embroidered and Beaded Styles.WE GIVE THE. BLUE STAMPS. ftwin Broi Department storeSeventh and main $t$.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.Cumberland Phone 40 ' Home Phone 169 2'mEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountycTo Have the Advantage of Our1xIT!F;EpEFARTMEHTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. ' Come and see foryourself. " 'We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsJ$S. BALL PARAGECor- Fourth and Pleasant St .k-5Sizes.V.Sizes fromLParts, Rcntnclcyxmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while 'the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in? .conjunction with the knowledge'that you are effecting a great 'virig, must surely satisfy you.,,A phone brings us. ' " . c 4NTED!i$fAt'I-ffv.'I,PAGE FOUE,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYTUESDAY, JANUART 22T, 11. '11it1I .Wi-;:. NEWS OP WOMEN'S WORK The scores of the games played inINTEKESTING TO CLTJB the new series qf the Paris BowlingWOMEN. League were unavoidably crowdedover from the last issue0f theThey are given below:WTCrvNrrcsnAV .tatm qBOURBON LAUNDRY.PAEIS BOWLING I3EAGTJE. 1 NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF SOI- The Germans cannot get away, . . . NEWS.Mrs. Lownaes resigns as Head oithe Kentucky Federation ofWomen's Clubs. .With deep regret we learn of the'Shanklin 174resignation of Mrs. Richard T.iDeterman ..148Lowndes, of Danville, as president Santen 105of the Kentucky Federation of Wo- layior iouwpn'c niiiVie Funk 185The Board in accepting the resignation passed a resolution askingMrs. Lowndes to retain the titleuntil the annual convention and ap-& point Mrs. Lafon Riker, of Harrods- Jones 15921871581482011883200152130170146burg, as acting president until thattime.The Paris Literary Club.New Found Land, the Norway. of the New WorldMrs. Albert MitchellDown the St. LawrenceReadings from StoddardMiss SimmsSt. Pierre-MignelonMiss Laura LillestonDiscussion by the Club.At the Red Cross Rooms.Wednesday Woman's Bible ClassChristian Church.Thursday Jewish 'Circle.Saturday Teachers of the Public School.- The Progressive Culture Club.Responses DickensBooks Review . .,. . Mrs. Geo. StuartDiscussion The ClubThe Woman's Society of theChristian Church will meet Tuesday afternoon- at 2:30 o'clock, inthe church parlors.The Surgical Dressings Department calls for help. Two hundredpneumonia, jackets must be completed and shipped by Friday afternoon. These are to be quilted andhound, so the work come within theprovince of those who sew.Wear a wash dress or large apronfor protection, as the jackets aremade of gauze and cotton batting.To Mr. Bismark Frank, of Frank& Co., the Red Cross Chapter is indebted for many courtesies. Muchvaluable assistance, and no smallamount of material help. His patriotism, was further evinced when heoffered the services of his entireforce' of clerks yesterday to theSurgical Dressings Department toaid in a rush order for pneumoniajackets.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof . the Prgbyterian Church willmeet at 2:'30 p. m., Monday, at the ' k " r 760 841Vmme of Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock, ' T. W. SPICER.bn Pleasant street. , 1 2Bridges 151 194The Pastor's Aid Society of the Clark .. , 162 145"PreKbvteria.il Church will hold an; Sadler 127 137ajl-day meeting Tuesday, January762 882CURTIS HENRY & CO1 2169143141143149Woods 160Posner 150Burgin . . . . ". . . .155Henry 18680 73144151141164155810 745 755Bourbon Laundry 2450Curtis Henry & Co 2306Bourbon Laundry Maj.14 1HillFRIDAY, JAN. 11.T. W. SPICER.12 3161 -17L 143R. P. WALSH12 3Jackson 2il 182 162R. P. Walsh 555T. -W. Spicer 477R. P. Walsh Maj 78MONDAY, JAN. 14.BOURBON LAUNDRY.1Shanklin 155Funk 159Santen. H., ,126Taylor 209Determan 147796R. P. WALSH1Thomas . . . .' . . . .257Santen, B 156Ewalt .. . ... ..131Kane 139Jackson 15921651849813415273321481351311391513166156991501927633164184131139142842 704 760R. P. Walsh 2306Bourbon Laundry 2292R. P. Walsh Maj ItWEDNESDAY, JAN. 16.CURTIS HENRY & CO.1 2Jones . . . . 184 185Burgin 155 161Woods 145 210Posner ... . ., .. ..133 138Henry .. . .' . . ..143 1473144159143125156DIERS A2T3)' SAILORS WANTED. ,fr? ?!, idea hat Fri'ulness?will frighten, people.Some time ago THE NEWS endeavored to get a list of names ofthe young men from Paris and Bourbon 'county who are in the serviceof the country in, the army andthe navy. The object was to keep aroster the same, as army organizations and clubs do. Only two nameswere sent in in response to the appeal, which is now repeated.A prominent Bourbon countyfarmer, in conversation with THENEWS Wednesday, mentioned thesubject, saying he had noticed theplan being successfully followed outin other places. THE .NEWS, asformerly stated," broached the sudject some time ago, and had hopedto obtain a complete list.We hope that the matter will betaken up by some one interested,and that we may be furnished witha complete roster. Now that therehave been a large number of additions to the ranks of the future defenders of our country from this cityand county, we hope that those whohave the correct addresses of thesemen will forward them to us.What is earnestly desired is thefull name of the enlisted man; hisplace of birth; names of parents;place of enlistment; name of company, regiment, etc., or of the shipon which he is serving; any data ofthat kind that will help the cause.This will be properly tabulated inthis office and-Kept on file, so as toform a complete reference for thefuture. Will those who know theseboys kindly help our proposition?Mail this information to us, or sendit to the office. We will appreciate it.' ?5l f9k kI will sell at public auction, atmy residence, four miles from Paris,Ky., oh the Redmon pike, promptlyj at ten o'clock, a. m ;onWednesday, Jan. 30, 1918,the following described property, allof which will positively be soldwithout reserve or by-bidding:DRAFTED MEN TO ENTERMY AT TWENTY-ONE.AR-Public SalefOFStock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc.mule, works anymule, good22, at the Red Cross Rooms, in theCourt House.The Council of National Defenseis positive it is the right organization in the right place.-c m "RaAs time goes on the Missouri Senator seems to be the well-known"Reed shaken in the wind."1 JEa KiTrue Affection.A youngster, fond of visiting mueuros and very affectionate, startledMs mother by remarking if she diedfce would stuff her so that he could sitIn her lap all "the time.Woodward 117Hill 146133183703 792 759Curtis Henry & Co 232ST. W. Spicer . 2261The government has decided ondraft registration of all young menat fast as they become 21 years oldas the means of keeping filled the,ranks of the war army. It has decided against raising the draft agelimit above 31 years.An administration bill was introduced at the request of the War Department by Chairman Chamberlain,of the Senate military committee, toregister for draft ali men who havereached 21 since June 5, 1917, whenthe draft law became effective. TheJ administration's support seems coassure its prompt passage. The billr-on agrees with the recent recommendaJ tions of Provost Marshal General3 j Crowder.180 1 Other administration bills intro154duced by. Chairman Chamberlain at14 2 the request of the War Department,1 29 will supplement the draft law to'"make it workable under conditionshave ' developed. One wouldOne 8-year-oldplace;One 4-year-old mareone and good worker;One 8-year-old work horse;One 4-year-old work horse; 'One 5-year-old buggy horse, willwork anywhere;Ten good young milch cows, allbred; some will be fresh in shorttime;Eight yearling .steers;Bight calves; weaned;One bull;One good brood sow, bred;x One good gilt, bred;Three shoats, will weigh about100 pounds each;One Deering Binder;One tobacco setter, good as new,One Deering Mower;Two riding cultivators;One disc harrow; .One corn planter, goodas new;Two breaking plows;One bull rake;One sulky rake;One grain drill;One sled; ,One 3J6 Mitchell wagon andframe;Two good rubber tire buggies;One steel-tired rockaway, goodone;One set good buggy harness;One good tarpaulin, large size;About 80 barrels of corn in crib;About 5 tons mixed hay, baled;About 50 shocks of fodder; yOne-half interest in about 15 acresof wheat on the farm;Turkeys, ducks, some householdgoods and kitchen furnituie, andi other things too numerous to mention.Terms will be made known on dayof the sale.j MRS. CHAS. C. COLLINS.L&eo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Curtis Henry & Co. Maj 6'1 im HiTO ADMINISTER, ESTATE.that' permit furloughing of NationaljArmy troops for harvest work orother civilian duty; another wouldeliminate the enemy alien population from the basis of caluculationfor draft quotas, by making thebasis for each State, the number -ofmen available in Class' 1.In the County Court, Judge Batterton appointed Mr. Charles M.Skillman, of North Middletown, asadministrator of the estate of DavidMorris. Mr. Skillman accepted thetrust and qualified by furnishing , his place so thatbond in the sum of $250. notice the bulgeis fca 3Secretary Baker is not crowdingany one wouldFRANK&CO.Store Closed oh Mondays ,In pursuance of order of the Qovernmen tour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OUR,CLEARANCEv SALEUNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD.SPECIAL PRICESON ALlTSUITSCOATSandDRESSESf'S1We advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance..FRANK & CO.PUBLIC SALEOFTheMostDesirable Residence in ParisI will sell, at public auction, on the premises, .at 916 Pleasant Street, between Ninthand Tenth Streets, onTuesday, January 29th, 1918At 2 P. M.my residence containing eiht rooms, bath room, laundry, butler's pantry, closets, large '. light attic, (floored) cellar concrete, furnace, gas, natural gas grates, screens, ' windowshades, situated on a lot facing 66 2-3 feet on Pleasant Street, running back 214 feet, thelot being of equal width throuhout.Residence is on stone foundation, slate roof, cistern, concrete walks, shade and fruit"trees.This is the most desirable residence property inParis, being located on the best streetclose in the business section of the city and accessible to the L. & N, depot, churchesschools, postoffice, and as a home is without an equal in Paris. ' 'Possession Feb. 1st, 1918.For further information, apply to the undersigned when the nronertv pan he oh of-- 4-iwtA nmw -f-j-t 4-Via flofa r-F aolatXliy Lixiic yjLiJL w uii uoi i, ci.years' TERMS One-third cash the balance in equal payments due and payab'e in one and twoars from date, said deferred payments to bear 6 per cent, interest from said sale date.WITHERS DAVISCOt. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer!WALSH SCUT PRICEWILL CONTINUE UNTILJANUARY 30THommN account of the inclement weather, wehave been requested to continue our CutPrice Sale a few tlays longer, and in orderto give ail our customers an opportunity to attendour sale we will continue it through to January30th. Our sale has met with splendid successfar beyond our expectations and we want you,one and all, to come and take advantage of ourcut prices on this high class merchandise.This Sale IncludesMen's and Boys' Clothing,Hats, Odd Pants,Grips and Suit Cases.Come in to-day and buy while there is plentyto select from.I E3This Sale is For Cash Only and No ApprovalsR. P. WALSHSeventh & Main One Price StoreSALEIv ' IPParis, Kentuckytida.ylTH4I 1H SnBBBBBHBBmmwmlt -1- "TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1918..p iTOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY.-frIFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETO OUR PATRONS.Subscribers of THE NEWS mustnecessarily be reminded of the difficulties due to weather conditionsthat confront the carriers who deliver the paper. vAll newspapers realize that' delayed delivery isan inconvenience,but. our subscribers should take intoconsideration the prevailing conditions, and be as patient as possible.The carriers will do their best toreach them promptly on Tuesdayand Friday mornings.Out-of-town subscribers are asked to use the same good judgment,as conditions of the same characterconfront rural mail carriers. Late,running of trains, the withdrawalof men from the postal service towork in industries manuufacturingwar materials and heavy snowstorms and ice bound roads are onlya few contributing factors for causing late deliveries. The postofficedepartment and the publishers areexerting every effort to give satisfactory service.i 1 psATTRACTIVE HOME AT AUCTIONI will sell my residence at publicauction on the premises, on Tuesday, Jan. 29, at 2 p. m.WITHERS DAVIS.COLD WEATHER ACCIDENTSWhile en route home Fridaynight from his place of business,Mr. Henry Clay Curtis, of the Curtisbarber shop, slipped on the ice atthe corner of Main and Sixth streetsnear the J. T. Hinton & Co. store,His right hip was badly bruised inthe fall. Mr. Curtis says he didn'tmind the fall, but he worried overthe breaking of a bottle of milk hewas taking home.Mr. Harry Jones fell on the icypavement sustaining a sprainedankle and severe bruises.ALEXANDER BANK DEPOSITORSTO RECEIVE FIFTH DIVIDENDMr. Bucknei Woodford, of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank andTrust Co., as Special Banking Commissioner in the George AlexanderState Bank case, will distribute today to the depositors of that institution the sum of $29,000. Th'"swill be the fifth dividend of 8 1-3per cent., making a total of 62per cent, that has been distributedin dividends to date to the depositors. The checks will be ready forthe depositors at the opening ofbanking hours this (Tuesday)morning.CANADIAN VETERAN TO LECTURE AT Y. M. C. A.Lieut. G. S. Clarkson, M. C, ofthe 27th Battalion, Canadian Infantry, will give a talk on "War"at the Y. M. C. A., at 7:30 o'clockto-night (Tuesday.)Lieut. Clarkson served thirteennionths on the firing line in Belgium and France. He was present atthe battles of St. Eloi, Ypres andSomme, in which he took an activepart. Lieut. Clarkson will give a description of these battles.Admission free. A collection willbe taken, the proceeds to be devotedto the Red Cross Society.m m mSOME SLEDDING, AND TOUGHSLEDDING, TOO.Never before probably were somany "farm sleds or slides, as somecall them, seen on the streets ofParis, as has been witnessed in the'past few days. 'They seem to havealmost supplanted the wheeledvehicles from the country, becauseof the deep snow.A great deal of tobacco has beenbrought to the local markets in thismanner, the loads being" carried onwagon beds mounted, on slides orrunners. Many have used this meansof coming to Paris to do their shopping. It looked, as "the oldest inhabitant" said, "like good old timesaway back yonder when I was aboy." 'REMEMBER THE DATE.Tuesday, January 29th, at 2 p.m., my residence is to be sold atpublic auction.WITHERS DAVIS.pn ia it,-" -POLICE WARN COASTERSBoys and girls of Paris hav-beenhaving a great time coasting during this cojd spell, and the generalpublic would not curtail their pleasAires. But their welfare must belooked after, according to the policedepartment.Sledding and "hooking rides onthe rear end of passing vehicles havebeen popular sports with the kiddies, but for the children to placethemselves in jeopardy has calledforth a warning from the police atthe request of a number of anxiousmothers and fathers. There is nodesire whatever to stop the spor.'but the iolice want to preent asfar 'as possible any injury to thecoasters and riders through careless-;nee. ; .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.t'omings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Andrew Gorey has returned to his home in Covington after avisit to relatives in Paris.Mr. James Pendleton is confined to his home on Maysville street,with an attack of grippe.Mrs. Wallace Hill returned yesterday to her home in Covington,after a visit to relatives in Paris.Mrs. Clyde Terwelliger, of Milford, O., is a guest of her, parents,Mrs. Terwilliger was formerly MissOlive Taul.Miss Mary Stone has gone toMiami, Florida, to spend the remainder of the winter with Mrs. S.L. Woolridge.Mrs. Horace M. Collins, whcsuffered a storke of partial paralysis at her home on High street lastweek, was slightly improved yesterday. Mrs. Wm. H. Renick will leaveto-morrow for Jacksonville, Fla.,to visit her daughter, Mrs. CurtisP. Smith, of Ft. Worth, Texas, whois spending the winter there.Messrs. Joe Davis, Blair Varden and Jotin Ragdale, of Paris, andBees Ingels, Julian Adair and EdgarMcClintock, of Millersburg, attended tfie dance at Winchester, Fridaynight.Mr. Robert S. McCray, of McCray Bros., Bourbon county horsemen, is in Chicago, where he willvisit several days Derore going toDenver, Colorado, to attend thestock show. During his absenceMrs. Nellie Dick and Miss FlorenceKirk, of the K. C. B. College, willbe guests of Mrs. McCray.Prof. F. W. Clarke, of Maysville, who was recently elected amember of the Paris High Schoolfaculty as head of the GrammarSchool, arrived in Paris, Sunday,and assumed charge of the classesat the P. .H S. yesterday. Prof.Clarke is an experienced educator,an agreeable gentleman, and is certain to become very popular withthe students and the faculty of theschool.(Other Personals on Page 3)m l iaPUBLIC SALE OF NOTES AND ACCOUNTS.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney soldyesterday at the court house door inParis, for Mr. W. L. Yerkes, Trustee for R. B. Hutchcraft, a lot ofnotes and accounts, to County JudgeGeorge Batterton, and Master Commissioner 0. T. Hinton, for $233.00.te li feTROUBLE OVER WOMAN ENDSIN KILLING.The eternal triangle two men anda woman brought the usual resultFridaf-wiight in the colored settlement Ruckerville, when a quarrel oW the affections of a auskydamsel brought death to one of thesuitorsThe principals in the affair wereJohn Clay and Willie" Bell, testimony showing Bell to have beenthe aggressor. According to witnesses at the Coroner's inquest heldyesterday morning, Bell and Clayhad quarreled about a ituckervillewoman. Bell went gunning forClay, Friday night, and finding himnear the woman's home in Ruckerville, opened fire, firing four shotsat Clay. Clay returned the fire,killing his assailant.At the inquest yesterday, CoronerDavis conducted an investigation,which brought out the facts in thecase as testified to by the witnesses.The jury acquitted Clay on thegrounds of self-defense.m m 1NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS. Water Consumers arewarned to stop letting theirfaucets run to prevent freez-mcr during cold weather.Those violating this rule ofthe Water Company will besubject to fine and have theirwater turned off.PARIS WATER CO.. m J mPICTURE HOUSES WILL MAKENO PROTEST.The moving picture theatre managers throughout Central Kentuckywill make no protest against theGovernment's order requiring themto close on Tuesdays. They regardit as a vacation which they can wellafford and which to them, "will be awelcome one. Manager Fred W.Erd, of the Grand and Alamo, said:"Mr. John B. Elliott, who ownsand controls the chain of movingpicture houses of which Paris is apart, says, 'We are fighting Germany, not the U. S. Government,and there is not the slightest ideaof protesting. What would be theuse of protesting anyway?' " tPOLICE AND FIREMEN IN REGULATION UNIFORMS.The members of the Paris policeand fire departments are now attired in their new uniforms of regulation metropolitan pattern, and present a fine appearance. The policeare uniformed in regulation navyblue cloth, with buttons and badgesbearing the city monogram, andarmy style 'cap, with wreath. Thifiremen are feeling proud of thei"uniforms, which are made after themetropolitan patterns, with navyblue service caps ofthe most approved pattern.PARIS BASKET BALL TEAM.TRIMS LEXINGTON HIGH.On Friday night the basket bailteams from Lexington High Schoolcame to Paris making the assertionthat they were going ' to beat theParis High School teams by as muchas fifty points; but their dreamsfailed to materialize. The Lexington girls were completely outclassedin every department of the game,and the goal throwing of Misse3Rose and Elder, the Paris forwards,kept them staring in astonishment.In spite of the fact that the Lexington team had apparently beencoached to play by boys' rules withwhich the Paris girls are not familiar, there was never any doubt a3to the outcome of the game, and thefinal score was Paris 32, Lexington 14.We see by a Lexington paperthat a certain Mr. Smith, of th9Lexington High aggregation, playedcenter and garnered quite a numberof goals; but the official score showsthat Scott and King took turns atplaying center. Scott got one goal,and King got none; while Rice, theParis center, was getting two. Eachteam threw the same number offield goals, and Lexington threwthree more fouls than Paris bywhich three points they won thegame. Every Paris boy played hisposition as it should be played inspite of the fact that some membersof the team are playing their firstseason. Considering the -differencebetween fifty points which Lexington expected to beat them and 'thethree points which they did beatthem, the Paris boys should be verywell pleased with the game they putup.A summary of the game follows:Lexington Field goals, W. King3, J. W. Smith 2, Scott 1, Fuller 1.Paris Field goals, Rice 2, Burnett 2, Roberts 3.Foul goals, J. W. Smith 4, Burnett 1.Referees, Miss Lona McCord, L. K.Smith.Georgetown College came overSaturday night, and annexed anicely-played game from the Paristeam by a score of 28 to 22. TheGeorgetown team was accompaniedby their coach and physical culturedirector, Prof. Robert Hinton, aformer Paris boy.COMPLIMENTS REUBEN.A delightful compliment was paidto former Representative, Lieutenant Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris,who is now in France with GeneralPershing's expeditionary forces,when the House at Frankfort, Friday, passed a resolution commending him for his service to Americaand wishing him success. The resolution was introduced by Representative Minor.K. OF P. MEETING.All members of A. J. Lovely Company, Uniform Rank, K. of P., arerequested to jneet at their CastleHall, in the Wilson Building, cornerof Main and Third streets, at 7:30o'clock, to-morrow (Wednesday)night. Business of importance.'WM. W. DUDLEY, Captain.mymJSfih. irret-fcsm283."vS-KodaktheSnow ScenesSnap-shots of sleighing parties,the kids rolling snow balls, areeasily made on any sunny day;make excellent souvenirs for the"boys over there.' 'Mounted in one of theKodak Caleudars for afew cents are beautifuland useful the yearround.DAUGHERTYBROS.Fifth and Main Paris, Ky.w&nmmiAm .- a nrt o. -tnznirESZ2&!namwA353-4?5(2ji30Sfi1I139SIM-ON'S JANUARYARANCE SALEGoing On!Radical Reductions , in All Departments !Suits and Coats at HalfPrice$20.00'values now 9 1 O.OO$25.00 values now r 1 2.50$35.00 values now 1 5.00$35.00 values now. .'. 1 7.50$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now . . 25.QOWomen's Silk and SergeDresses at Half Price$20.00 -values now.$15.00 values now.$30.00 values now.$35.00 values now.$45.00 values now.$50.00 values now-$10.001 2.501 5,00. 1 7.5022.5025.00White GoodsLong Cloth in 10-yard Bolts Regular, $2.00 values, now $ 1 .59 per boltLong Cloth in 10-yard bolts, regular $2.50 values, now $ 1 ,98 per boltAll Otfrer White Goods at Extremely Low Prices.Complete Clearance ofBeautiful MillineryAT LESS THAN HALF$5.00 Hats now : $2.50$7.50 Hats now 3.75$10.00 Hats now-. ' . ..... .' 5.00$15.00 Hats now 7.50Prices on Furs Are Cutin Half$5.00 values now ! $ 2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15.00 values nor .' 7.50$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 1 2,50$80.00 values now 15.00THIS SALE IS STRICTLY FOR CASHNo Goods Charged No Telephone OrdersHARRY SIMONSEE OURSOUTH WINDOW, sFOR SOME' iNVJ.f.sf vBig5s-i-JanuaryBargains!5h -THE J. T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.(UNDERTAKINGJ f ItI1, I'VL vI -. -v-.yAv.V-VO V..,,,flTV"S-' V 11- r-v - .. -- t 1 '-i.r C ' mTTinn l ir TiVt?IT)tf fT 1 A -fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY;'AGE SIX'v.,lUiUSJJii.I, JAiNUAXVI ii-fl, i.SJ," 11ittVEfI NimwI3&FFERS0N WILL ADMITTED TOPROBATE AT CARLISLE.The will of th6 late Mr. PerryJefferson, who died at his home inCarlisle, some time ago,, was admitted to probate befoie County JudgeHarry B. Kennedy, at Carlisle. TheT?ill was written in October, 1913It directs that all the property leftafter payment of debts and funeralexpenses, o to his widow, Mrs. Jefferson, absolutely without reserve orrestriction. Wm. S. Dudley, of Lexington, ,and Mrs. Jefferson are. nominated as executors to administerthe estate, with the request thatthey be permitted to qualify without bond. The will directs that noinventory of the estate be required.Mr. Jefferson, who was familiarlyknown everywhere as "Uncle Perry," was one of the best known menin Central Kentucky. He was a native of Mason county, but had beena, Tesident of Millersburg and Carlisle for many yearb. He 'Was prominently connected with the tobaccoj&nd farming interests of Bourbonand Nicholas counties.miKiQTHE FEBRUARY WOMAN'SHOMI? COMPANION.Ida Tarbell has written a fine article called "Patriotic Buying" forthe February Woman's Home Companion. It points out how muchcould be saved by sensible orderingvnd elimination of deliveries by thestores. "The High Cost of Beauty'is the story of a beauty parlor ofFilth Avenue, New York, as told toConine Lowe; Mary Heaton Vorseimtes about "The Perfect YoungPerson;" and there is an interestingArticle about Better Films in yourtown.The fiction is fine this month,starting off with the first part of anew novel by Martfc Lee Luther-called "The Hope Chest." It will beconcluded next month. Other storieslare by Elizabeth Jordan, NancyGunter Boykin, and Mary Cutting.Every department maintains itsusual "high standard, and the fashions, pictures, cooking and all theothers having interesting and instructive material.m mSongs of the Heart.The finest music of the greatest oriestra on earth cannot help a heartalong to .happiness as the songs do thattke heart sings to itself songs offbeer, of patience, of trust, of unselfish love. These make the melodyof life, and grow stronger and sweeterPpractice year by year. Exchange.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyDAILY SALESWILL BEMELDBeginning Wednesday,, January 23rd.'The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co,PARIS EVIDENCEFOE, PAEIS PEOPLEThe Statements of. Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter Stran'gersHome testimony is real proof.Public sentiments of Paris people carry real weight. NWhat a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof thatbacks Doan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too glad torecpnynend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at times had a dreadfulache across my kidneys and the kidney secretions were too frequent inpassage. A box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills at these times has neverfailed to cure me of an attack."Mr. Larkin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, of your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had the remedy backed by"home testimony. 60 cents at allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. "When your back islame, remember the name."m toTHE GIST OF IT."Last, 'December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickJn bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes 0. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)jsa IS T3.PRENCH TYPEWRITER DESKSMAKE USERS STAND UP.Officials in the French army do notbelieve that the most efficient service is obtained from members ofthe militry clerical force when thelatter sit at .their desks practically"all day without 'interruption, tfccording to the February popularMechanics Magazine. Thus theFrench government has installed,for the use of army clerks, typewriter stands so made that each machine is alternately raised and lowered each half hour. The innovationis reported to have proven very beneficial. ( I nco rpo rated )PARIS, KENTUCKYSUPT, 0E SCHOOLS CAYWOQSUGGESTS RECRUITINGOF TEAGHERS.A call on Bourbon coiyity in be.half of the Public Schools:The volunteers from the yomrmen principals and the drafting oothers, have hit the schools hard, 'especially in principalship and uppegrade vork, all over the State anc'if the schools are going "to be ruiefficiently while this 'war lasts andeven for a time afterwards.Two suggestions might be madFirst, There is a large number creducated women in this county,who, no doubt, have never though'of teaching, but could teach as wellas knit, with a little training.- Ofcourse the salaries maynot be over$50 or $60 a month, but they wouldbe doing the finest kind of patrioticservice.Second. There is going to be agreater shortage of principals nextyear than now. In this county thereis a number of experienced womenand men over draft age, who couldwith a little training do the worksplendidly as principals and demandfrom $65 to $100 per, month.A splendid place to take thistraining is at the Eastern NormalSchool, this winter and. spring andbe thoroughly prepared for the service. Come in and get scholarshipsand begin at once.JYou have been engaged in campaigns for Liberty Loans, Y. M. C.A. and Red Cross all splendid andneeded enterprises but here is awork that should have a unique appeal to women because it is for protection of young womanhood of ourcountry.v J. B. CAYWOOD.fe 1 )c&EX-SLAVE OWNS 6,000 ACRES0E LAND.As an example of what an industrious negro may do for himself inthe South, Arkansas points to ScottBond, of Madison, former slave,who now owns 6,000 acres of themost fertile cotton land in. the State,several cotton gins, storehouses,hundreds of head of live stock anda large merchant establishment.Bond was born in Mississippi andmoved to Arkansas pX the close ofthe Civil War. For years he hasbeen active in the National NegroBusiness League, though recentlyage has prevented him from takingthe active part he did on the organisation of the society. He has given$200 to the Red Cross and purchased $6,000 worth of Liberty Bondi.He says he is negotiating for thesale of property which will permithim to invest 7 5,0 00 in the nextXriberty Loan.'- VNIGH! ACID STOMACH,SOURNESS, HEATRBURN,GAS OR INDIGESTIONJhe Moment "Pape's Diapepsin'Reaches the Stomach AllDistress 'Goes.Do some foods you eat hit backaste good, but work badly; fermentnto acids and, cause "a sick, souijassy stomach? Now, Mr. and Mrs.Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape'sDiapepsin helps neutralize the .excessive acids in the stomach so yourfood won't sour and, upset you.There never was anything so safelyquick, so certainly effective. Nodifference how badly your stomachis upset you usually get happy reliefin five minutes, but what pleasesyou ,most is that it helps to regulateyour stomach so you can eat yourfavorite foods without fear.Most remedies give you reliefsometimes they are slow, but notsure. "Pape's Diapeppsin" is positive in neutralizing the acidity, somisery won't come back veryquickly.You feel different as soon asPape's Diapepsin" comes in contactwith the stomach distress just vanishes your stomach gets sweetr nogases, no belching, no eructions ofundigested food, your head cleaisand you feel fine.Go now, make th'e best investmentyou ever made, by getting a largefifty-cent case-' of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any drug store. You realize infive niinutes how needless it' is tosuffer from indigestion, dyspepsia,or any stomach disorder, due to acidfermentation. (adv)fe IS! 11FIRST STEP TAKEN TOWARD!NEXT LIBERTY LOAN BONDAs the first financial step inpreparation for the third Liberty-Loan Secretary McAdoo has announced a new issue of four hundred millions of treasury certificatesof indebtedness, bearing 4 per centinterest, payables April 22. Theywill be accepted as payment on thethird Liberty Loan subscription.This arrangement indicates thatthe first payment on the third Liberty Loan will be on or about April22, and if the same plan of installment payments is maintained forthe third loan as for the, secondloan, the bond selling campaign willbe in March. For the" second loanthe first payment was received twoweeks after the campaign closed.If you would read your title clearto mansions in the sky, stick to theaeroplane rather than the submarine. v T PR S"Experience will give a man tuition, but he must be born with intuition. ""Tobaeco Warehouse Co.?4f' fLeads inWevBeginning-T itfv -n-Boor bonTobacco Warehouse Co.FEBRUARY- AMERICAN MAGAZINE.Harold Bell Wright, who has soldover seven million copies of hisbooks, has written his first magazinearticle for the February America iMagazine. It is called "The Swordof Jesus," and asks what Jesus-would do in this great world war.Every man, woman and child inAmerica should read it. 'In addition there are fine articlesabout the Mayo Brothers, the greatdoctors of Rochester, Minn.; Thos.Edison and Abraham Lincoln. TheEdison article presents a new viewof the famous ( genius, discussing nothis inventions, but the personal wisdom of the man. "What I Learnedfrom 'Abe' Lincoln" tells how pictures and the life of Lincoln has inspired one man, and Walter Pridhard Eaton tells of the plays worthseeing this winter.The fiction contains good storiesby Holworthy Hall, William DudleyPelley, Samuel Derieux and otherwell-known writers. The InterestingPeople Department is fine tip'smonth. Bruce Barton continues hisserial, "The MaSlhg of George Gorton." Sid Says: "If you aren't fighting, are you worth fighting for?"and Family Money contains manyhelpful hints on how to save.Hi IB ?5iThere are" two finishes that arerunning a neck-and neck race, thatof the war and that qf Kaiser Bill,and we don't care a rap which comesfirst.PB ff3 isg . iTalk is cheap. And even then yousometimes have to take it back:The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong. m x ,Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.The Bourbon'(Incorporated)iAverages Obtained!Invite Comparison. , .'Wednesday, Jan. 23Will Be Held(Incorporated.)MOTHER!" GIVE CHEED"SYRUP OF PIGS" IFTONGUE IS C0TEDIf Cross, feverish, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little Liver andBowels.Children love this frut lxative'fand nothing else cleansesthe tender ,stomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty the 'bowels, and the re-sult-ds, they become tightly clogged;vith waste, liver sluggish, stomaclisour,s then your little one becomessours, then your little one becomes ""cross, half-sick; feverish, don't et,sleep or act naturally, breath is bad,system full of cold has sore throat, -stomaqh-acheor diarrhoae. Listea,mother! See if tongue is coated,then give a teaspoonful . of "Cali- x vfornia Syrup of Figs," and in a fev Ahours all the constipated waste, sour $bile and undigested food .passes outof the system, and youhave a well,playful child again. .Millions of mothers give "Cali-fornia Syrup of Figs" because it isperfectly harmless; children love it,and it never fails to act on the stomach, liver and bowels. -Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas fulj directions for babies, chil-dren of all ages and for grown-uplsplainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." Refuse anyother kind with contempt. (adv)i fe ?When you think of Crown PrinceWilly you wonder how in the worldeven Papa Wilhelm can believe inhereditary divine right.W. H. CANNON;N ' Local Manager.n--M"-s(Imcorporattd.)PARIS, KENTUCKYx.Jfc T. COLLINS, Manager-3 SHtrWfftf ?&"v,4i ' Ii--V -s, , XTUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1918.iHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. K.MGECROP iIS THE TIMEOVIriG1MII II '! IIOW H?ze MostPAIGE-DETROITWith DiclcersoriCONSERVEP0WEECOAL BY WATEEDEVELOPMENT.(Omaha Bee, December 5, 1917.)By far the greater part of ourcoal consumption is for the purposeof generating power to drive themachinery used in transportationand industrial processes. It is thecomplete dependence of our millsand factories, railroad and steamship lines upon the coal supplywhich makes it so imperative for usto have a regular and reliable output from the mines. While otherf uels, "such' as gas, natural gas, fuelil( gasoline and wood, can be substituted for coal, the extent towhich it is nossible "to carry thissubstitution is extremely limitedand at best it can serve only to relieve the pressure for increased coalconsumption. It must not be forgotten either that the availablesupply of the substitutes likewise-isstrictly limited.The one obvious way to conservecoal without using up some otherkind of fuel is.through water powerdevelopment ,-- through harnessingforces of nature that can be made todo the .same work with no diminution of supply. True, the number ofwater power sites that may beporfitably utilized is definitely limited, but in each case the energy capacity can be drawn upon continuYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Ue a,GarlandCabinetRange.-LLL'M 'S3KS&Z'Vtiauviu!":;;SCK-"MIS-vrr-;-y W''lBMI."r. ' ''"IKTIIA beautiful line of Garlands an dlaplay- Come in and look tham ovar.Paiis Gas & Electric Co.(Inoorjorata)"Beautiful Car inlmerica-iHE seven passenger Paige "Six'55"five passenger cSix'39" are theleaders in their respective fields.PRIDE.of OWNERSHIP and PAIGE PERFECTTION distinguish them both of them.A choice between these two models must begoverned entirely by your personal requirements.But, in either case, you -cannot make a mistake.The basic quality is identical. They are bloodbrothers of the same strain.The really important thing about both cars is thePaige name plate. That is your guarantee ofenduring satisfaction?Hssex "Six?55 7-passngcr$l 775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger$2850; Town Car "Six-55 7-passenger $3230; Limousine ''Six-55''- 7-passenger$3230;Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850: Brooklands4-passenger $1795; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenger $1330; Gleri-dale "Six-39" Chummy Roadster 1330; Dartmoor "Six-39" 2or 3-passenger $1330; Sedan "Six-33" 5-passengcr $1925.-All Prices f.o b Detroit.MOTOR CAR COMPANY. DETROIT, MICH.r. P. WHITE& Douslas Garage, 4th and KTiuiSERVICE STATIONously and indefinitely and withoutdanger of exhaustion. The inevitable tendency of the higher coalprices caused by the increased demand is to make feasible and profitable water power developments thatpreviously did mot seem worthwhile.Continued neglect to make thesedevelopments, thus leaving all thi3fuel-saving energy to run to wastewhile we burn coal that cannot bereplaced, is an indictment againstour American enterprise and ingenuity, and to expedite this development further legislation should beforthcoming without delayWOMEN OF SEDENTEEY HABITS"Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and vill findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, buttery muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Oblnable everywhere.(adv-jan)In theThe American House Manager istoday a member of the army thatla fighting to save democracy inthe world. More than 11,000,000managers , of American homeshave enlisted for the duration ofthe war and pledged themselves tosupport the fighting men by theway they buy, cook and serve food.Food will win the war, and thesewomen will help to win it America must aend.' food to Europe:The armies cannot hold out if wefan to send it Only certain foodsand thesupremePAIGESta.Fs.risTOBACCO CONTRACT BASIS OFUNIVERSAL DAMAGE SUIT.George W. Hall filed a petition mShelby Circuit Court against JessieHary, containing allegations forming the basis of an unusual actionfor damages. Hall, who asks $300inlieu of damages, says that whilehe was a minor he entered into acontract with Hary to grow tobaccoon the shares. He says he enteredupon the performance of his contract in good faith, but that the defendant, with the alleged intentionof defrauding him, represented tohim that he was in danger of arrest 'by the Federal authorities on acharge of draft evasion in failing toregister for military service. Plaintiff claims Hary offered' him $180for his share in the crop, which hedeclined, but later accepted when hefound himself unable to market hisinterest. He claims his share ofthe crop was worth $500 and asksjudgment for $300.That distance lends-enchantmentto the view is of little interest tothe chronic borrower.Ranks.(Copyright by Life PuSTCo.)Courtesy of Life and Charles Dana Gibson.can be shipped those that packthe most food value Into the smallest shipping space. These foodsare wheat, meat, fats, sugar. Wecannot eat them and -send themtoo. We cannot eat then!' andsend others. We must semi thesefoods, and In order to do that wemust eat other foods ourselves.The American House Managerwill see to it that no food comesInto her home that does not do itsfull duty under her managementNin winning the war.More Than 3,000 Million Bushels'Raised in 191 7 Gives ,Big SurplusSAVES WORLD FOOD SITUATIONAmerica Beginning Greatest Corn Consumption in History, Using Cerealin Many Delicious Dishes.Corn, America's greatest "Cereal crop,is now. moving rapidly to market.More than 3,000 million bushels30 bushels for every man, woman andchild In America were raised in 1917.It was a mighty crop. The actual increase is about 500 million bushels.And this extra store of grain is coming on to the market in the nick oftime, since the American wheat surplus has been sent to help feed faminethreatened Europe.Just as it happened in the Colonialdays, the War of the Revolution, andthe Civil War, corn has actually become the nation's mainstay.In the entire list of America's foodcommodities there is noitem that isbetter than corn. In puddfngs, bread,corn pone, and as hominy combinedwith meat or eggs, corn is without apeer. Housewives are fast learningthe large number of delicious dishesthat may be made with corn 'and theirfamilies are benefiting by an increased use of the cereal. Corn, more thanany other cereal, contains all of theelements essential to maintaining lifeand health. -In order that the- fighting menabroad and in the army camps at homemay be fed, and in order that actualfamine may be kept from the nationsassociated with America in the war,the citizens of America are findingcorn products delicious and palatableon "wheatless days" and glory in, thefact that "wheatless days" here meanmore wheat for' the war worn alliedJ nations in Europe.England, France, and Italy must befed 'from America's great storehouse.They will get some corn especiallyItaly but most of their grain shipments must be wheat. Their abilityto use corn is small compared to thefacilities they have for using wheat.And it Is the opinion of officials inWashington that the present is no timeto try and change the eating habits ofEurope.America's greatest use of corn willbe In the form -of corn bread and cornmeal, mixed with wheat in the makingof leavened bread. yMixed with 80 percent, wheat flour,corn meal can be used In bread making, producing a loaf more nutritiousthan bread baked with wheat alone.It is a fact corn millers will verifythat dozens of the lars:e American bak-ers have been successfully using a cornflouryearsinbreadmaking for severalJHomfny grits, served ar breakfastwith a poached egg, -or eaten-at anyother meal with meats or gravy, is another use of corn that will become unusually popular during the war.Corn syrup to sweeten corn cakes,and corn oil for use in all kinds ofcooking, are two more products thatare already welcomed in thousands of JAmerican homes.iTHE UNITED STATES FOOD.ADMINISTRATION SAYS:Food saving is in its essence thedaily individual service of all thepeople. Every group can substitute, and even .the great majorityof thrifty people can save a little .and the more luxurious elementsof the population can, by reduction to simple living, save much.This means no more than that weshould eat plenty, but wisely andwithout v.Food Will Win theWar ,LA'RGE part of theworld is coming tothe position thatBelgium is in ; coming to the stagewhere the primary and important tilingin life isenough foodto keep alive.Food has nowtaken a dominant position in the war. TheAmerican people must preparethemselves to sacrifice far morethan was at first thought necessary. The cold facts are: France,Italy and' England have justenough food to keep them goingten or twelve weeks. WhenAmerica's food shipments stopthe allied nations begin consuming into this slender store andbegin a swift march into actualfamine conditions which wouldmean defeat in short orderEurope then must live onAmerica's surplus. Your savingIncreases our available stocksjust that much and actually feedssomf- person in the countries withwhich we are associated in ourwar against the Central Powers.Our surplus wheat has alreadybeen shipped to the allies.tT. g. FOOD ADMINISTRATIONTO FIGURE ONSpring PaintinANDPapering' CALL US OVERHome Phone 399K A IN EW.:. ' " M ; k m m m u . m m - m mFUNERAL DIRECTOR-Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES- DAY 137; NIGHT 2991 Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky. .The Bourbon LaundryJHV1S & FUNK, Prop-:Telephone No.- 4. 'Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.-TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.34 Atlanta, daily ,. 525 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday im "!!!!7:35 aaalft Rowland, "daily except Sunday . ; !73f aia11 Maysville daily except Sunday I!7:3Sam40 Lexington daily except Sunday " "!!74ft am '37 Cincinnati, O., daily . .10:03 mm -11 Kington, daily !!. !!l0J02 ait33 Chicago, daily.... . . 10:11 aai -18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday. l2i(K m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday !..".." W'.T, 3 :0t) pin138 Lexington, Daily s3:0738 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3.-15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5I40 pm39 Cincinnati. Daily Except Sunday ' " '.'.'..".'.'. sf50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday g:ig pm32 Jacksonville. Pla., Daily m g.33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only !!!!!!!. 930 9m130 Lexington sDaily .10:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVtNor - '34 Cincinnati, waily -; 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday . 7:45 ani11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7-47 ara10 Maysville. daily except-Sunday 7:4S am13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 1025 am37 Knoxville. daily ,, ,,..10:3f j33 Jacksonville, dsilv 10:20 aat18 Maysville, Sunday only 12 m po129 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:2$ pm.,38 Cincinnati, daily .... . . ... 3:2039 Lexington, daily except Sunday.. !!.567 pn t9 Rowland. Daily exceptNSunday......" " "! ". !!!! am14 Maysville. dailv except Sunday. ..."". !!!!!"!I. ! f 31 gai19 Lexington, Daily .u . M32 Chicago, daily . -30 Cynthiana dailv except Sunday. -4 am131 Lexington, Daily .."." .V'Yl it am31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily !!!." "...." ." . !..!" .10:4$ wm !jF" cfo O- a?X3CH3-s $AJB JL, BG;NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM '2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily r- Mmih T 7:38 a. t4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily R Mw 1 5:50.p. aTRAINS.DEPART FOR1 Fraakfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ." :2d itI Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex Sunda v '- 'I& Logan?i. nmiro tit, Mr. Farmcr.herc'&a remedy for hojr cholera aim Hathat is sold unOer r "Legal Guarantee BonCL" How IwJ IWWcau yoa afford to take cbanccs aeoidst bosr cholera OLIV AN9ttiTVSr3rWisxzmmmwijen you can ge; wis remedy on such terms? mwmwwmmk1b the oclr rtJHGr ornr vet up that Ir cuaraatoed to enre aad jrrmmtkoit elteiMa.It Ac tco won: bot'T thwv enr other knora ramwiy. or it wnuldfent to doU'mBtoiiftetrjnKfcTi.arjnte. Q.iei-t, UXO, tmlloa k5.CC. AfcAllDrMscteta.fUll teb. 1Rpncm m iJIDAVIS11iiWest 5 StreetSatHactionW"ichwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.GUARANTEED CUREgOHUBPN PBMRIYCOMMY. IxJaetow. Ky. X--Hi. v'- ' " j-.w"HLtiJ-4.j?'X-wei- SiU'-ii?"Si"''-js7 r$K'UK, zr-:'ri 1 4- ,'17$M.nJirf'VNjT-&4f-TUISDAYr JANUARY 22, 111,ITHE BOURBONfNEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE EIGHT'cSES2f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO.,--wn-tviit:.i41 The J. T Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INlsht r . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach. .Hearse used for funeral purposes only.jjiftftjii"f j'frfrfrH'frfr'H'C'frMMILLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. B. D. Baldwin returned Saturday after a ten-daysvisit to relatives at Maysville.Mr. J. H. Stewart and, Mrs.Sarah Shea are among the sick, ,Mrs. G. W. Clifford improves slowly, iAt a called meeting of the CityCouncil, Thursday afternoon, forthe purpose of considering poolroom licenses, licenses were refused"Mr. Jesse Cumber and G. "W. Ba-- ker, Jr.' Mrs. Bayles DeBell returned toher home at Ewing, Monday, aftera several weeks' visit to her daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell. She wasaccompanied home' by Mrs. Caldwell for the day.number of years prior to his deathwas General Manager and Secretaryof the Hurst Homt Insurance Co.Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter returnedFriday evening ,Mr. and Mrs.Wright, Saturday. .Mr. and Mrs.Carpenter entertained their immediate relatives with an elaborate dining at their beautiful home Saturday J5i S3 taMATRIMONIAL.HURST WRIGHT.Miss Amelia Hurst, daughter ofMiss Minnie Hurst, of Millersburg,and Mr. John Wright,- of Millersburg, were married in Paris, Wednesday, the ceremony being per-NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. formed at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Commencing January 1, we have es- Thos. K. Smith, by Rev. C. 0. Cossa-tablished a thirty-days' system. All boomt of Millersburg. Mrs. Smithaccounts will be due the first of each is a sister of the bridemonth. This nas Deen orougm. n .. ,fi,o wi- market we cannot sell nie Hurst and Mr-goods on long time Trusting that penter, both of Millersburg, werewe may keep all our old customers, married at the home of the officiat-and make as many new ones as pos- ing minister, Rev. Mr. Nutter, in.sible, we are yours for a prosperous Louisville. Mrs. Carpenter is thefollowing Mrs. Min-Sanford C. Car-1918.(18-2t)JONES BROS.Our town and community received a pleasant surprise when itbecame generally known thaJMr. S:- C. Carpenter and Mrs. MiiaUe C.Hurst had married in Louisville,and that Mr. John Wright and MissAmelia Hurst, daughter of Mrs.Hurst were united in marriage atttie home of Mr. and Mrs. T. K."Smith, at Paris, Mrs. Smith being asister of Miss Hurst. This is one otthe most peculiar coincidents thatf has transpired in our community forz a long time. Immediately aftertheir marriage Mr. and Mrs. Wrightwent to Louisville, where they joint ed Mr.' and Mrs. Carpenter, remain-ing there until Friday evening.Mr. Carpenter is one of our most. prominent and successful farmers,and an extensive dealer in blooded"horses, and for a number of years,has been prominent as a judge ofhorses at many of our county fairs,also the' Kentucky State Fair, atLouisville, and Bluegrass Fair, atLexington. He is one of the bestknown horse, dealers in Kentucky,A.,a.nd conducts annual horse sales,w .every May at Atlanta, Ga. This is;-liis second matrimonial venture, histhan twoT mother of the young woman whobecame Mrs. Wright on the day before. Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter and Mr.and Mrs. Wright will reside in Millersburg. Mr. Carpenter is one of the bestknown horsemen in Central Kentucky. Mrs. Carpenter was the widow of Mr. Fielding Hurst, presidentof the Hurst Home Insurance Co.,with headquarters at Millersburg.Mr. Wright is a popular youngformer of the Millersburg precinct.101 fc taRAGSDALE RENICKThe following from a Middletown, Ohio paper, will be of interestto the many Paris friends of Mr.Morris W. Renick, formerly ofParis. Mr. Renick is a son of Mrs.W. H. Renick, of Paris, and abrother of Mr. B. M. Renick, of thaParis Milling Co., and Mrs. DuncanBell, of Paris:"The engagement of Mrs. Ella H.Ragsdale to Colonel Morris W. Renick was announced Saturday evening at Mrs. Ragsdale's home 549.QrmfTi ATnin tstrppf to a. small r.irp.Ipwife having died more than two frlpndq Whered for the eveningwears ago. Mrs. Hurst is the widow , of .fhered for the eveningof the late Fielding iursi, wnoj " Ul " "7." "died about five years ago, and for a continual source of congratulations4 -More Money From the Same FeedThat's the experience of every farmer who uses AvalonFarms Hog-Tone. "Tone" a hog and he thrives better.He assimilates a bigger percentage of his food. He is notheld back in his growth by the dozens of parasites anddisorders that are an ever present menace to his growth.Read this letter about getting more value from the samefeed.THE AVALON FARMS COMPANY,Chicago, 111.Tn answer to vour inquiry of my succes in feeding Hoer-Tone, will say that it has teen with good success. I would p'Lx. Ix. 1 .. mr- nnnnfirroK and TTTlll alert ooir Vo4- l in t&SSay tnat ltlSd glCttl apCWiCI, OUU. mrii IDU OO..V WICU lbl9benefieial to any hog that is not feeding out good. A manwill get more feeding values from his feed if he will keephis hogs in good condition arfd I have found no better conditioner than Avalon Farms Hog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.It's only plain business sense treat every herd of h ogyou raise withAVALON FARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale ByARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYWflfHfUWhg)inWEDNESDAYAdolph Zukor PresentsBillie BurkeBy Arrangement with F. Ziegfeld, Jr."ARMS AND THE GIRL"Picturized by Grant Stewart and Robert Baker.- Staged by Joseph Kaufman. . .ALSO ' pBray's Pictographs with Cartoonand a Klever Komedy.THURSDAYWinifred Allenin Triangle Feature,"The Haunted House"Orawith AllCarcwStar Castm"Skidding Hearts"ALSOTriangle Comedy"A Dark Room -SecretwithPopular PlayersPricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c -war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Paris Grand 7 to 10:30and the warmest felicitations havebeen the portion of the bride andgroom-elect in consequence."Mrs. Ragsdale, who is a sister ofMr. Charles Hook, of the AmericanRolling Mill Company, holds aclose place in her circle of friendsto whom the engagement newscomes as a pleasing surprise."Col. Renick is a well-known figure in activities here and has heldimportant positions in the movements of the day. He is presidentof the First National Bank, president of the First Savings Bank, vie 2president of the W. B. Oglesby Paper Company and president of theAdvance Bag Company."The exact date of the marriageof this popular couple has not beenannounced, but it is expected to occur during the spring season."?a iBi is -'DEATHS.'FOX.Delayed train connections atConcinnati with trains from NevYork prevented the body of MrJames Fox arriving in Paris untila very late hour Friday night. Thebody was taken to the J. T. HintonCo.'s undertaking establishment.The funeral, which had been arranged for Friday afternoon, washeld Saturday afternoon, at threeo'clock, with services at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, conductedby Rev. W- B. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. Mr. Fodied in New York last week, after ashort illness.ARDERY.The funeral of Mrs. Ella Ardery, whose dead body was foundon the floor of her home at the corner of Vine street and Stoner avenue, Thursday afternoon, was heldat the home of her mother, Mrs.Belle Adair, near Paris, at twoo'clock, Saturday afternoon. Services were conducted by Rev. Geo.H. Harris, of Versailles, assisted byRev. I. J. Spencer, of LexingtonThe pall-bearers were John Towles.Ollie Hedges, Lawrence Horton, Sidney Ardery, Lafayette Ardery, D-.Harry E. Mathers. The burial followed in the Paris Cemetery.Mrs. Ardery was a devoted motherand a conscientious Christianwhose chief aim in life was to dogood to all around her. In hrhome life she preserved the idea,lheme atmosphere, and did all in herpower to make those with whomshe associated happy and contented.To her only child, Mr. Wm. B. Ardery, Jr., she was more than motherfriend, counsellei and advisor. Inher passing away the communityloses one whom could not well bespared and to her family, rela'i'"-'and friends the loss is irreparable.Mrs. Ardery was possessed of adisposition so amiable and lovelythat friends were instantly drawnto her and retained by her charm ofmanner. Her home was one wheregenuine hospitality reigned, and inthe language of the poet, "Noneknew her but to love her."isa ies T&BIRTHS.' In Cincinnati, to the wife ofMr. Harry Saloshin, formerly ofParis, and now residing in Somerset, a daughter, second born.d ICi 3CO&N EQUALS WHEAT.(Farm and Family)Corn bread hasN practically thesame food value as wheat, the United States Department of Agriculture points out in a recent articlein the Weekly News Letter. Thisarticle says in part:"Corn is practically as digestible as wheat flour, it is said, in spiteof a common belief to the contrary.Experiments have shown that in amixed diet, 89 per-cent, of the protein and 99 per tant. of the carbohydrates in corn meal mush are digested. 01 the corn, meal food energy, 97 per cent: is available forithe body." . ' ' " vBOURBON HORSEMEN'S ENTRIES' IN BREEDER'S FUTURITY. 'The following Bourbon Countyturfmen have entered thoroughbredsin the 1918 Breeder's Futurity andin the same event for 1919: J. Hal,Woodford, 1; Arthur B. Hancock, 114; Talbott Bros., 2; .WilliamsBros., 3.For the 1918 running, Mr. Woodford has nominated a bay colt byMcGee Babble, and for the 1919running, a chestnut filly by MarthaSanta Rose of Pink. For the 19 1Qrunning Mr. Hancock has nominated the following:br c, by Celt Augusta Victora.b c, by Wrack Aurine.b c, by Wrack Blazing Star,ch c, by Celt Etelka.b c, by Celt Follie Levy,b c, by Wrack Lady Aristocracy.b c, by Wrack Lizzie H.ch f, by Celt Lcgistilla.', ch c, by Celt Network,ch c, by Celt Pyramid,ch f, by Celt Rubus. Ich c, by Celt Sanci.b c, by Wrack Single Shot,ch c, by Celt Star Lady.Talbott Bros, nave nominated abay filly by Wrack Barbie, and abay colt by Ballot Bittra.TDo unto the Kaiser now as hemeans to do unto you later ir hegets the chance.QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods maybe "as represented' but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in pri ce and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets . . . 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar White Pine and Spruce Balsam25c aid 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.Hazoia Tv ilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped faee hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will' afford you a lot of comfortm this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50. ,Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Established 1878 415 Main StrMGreat BargainsIn High Grade ,en's, Women's and Children'sANDRUBBERSDon't Miss the Opportunity!Greater Values Bigger ReductionsIThe following are but, afew of the special bargains that await you hereLadies' Havana , (Q OCBrown Boots u.IfDLadies' Gun Metal (to jaShoes $Z.4SLadies' Patent or Gun i aaMetal Shoes. $l.SSlMen's Russ. Tan Eng.fcj nnWalk-Over yt.VVMen's Gun Metal 4 aa qqShoes $l,VVMen's Gun Metal, but-41 aaton or lace $JLililrr rf 1Boys', Misses' and Children's ShoesN and Rubbers !DANParis5 Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reignsto)-ff?'Ii0"V1