-- s,THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR."tSrlVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1918VIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Lieut. Milton J. Stern, who hasheen in Paris on a ten-days' furlough,visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.A. Stern, returned yesterday to hisduties at Camp Wadsworth, SouthCarolina.That every man of draft age musteither work or fight is indicated bythe attitude of the United States toward idlers. It is said the War Department has announced that regardless of deferred classification idlerswill be drafted into the army or warwork.John M. Stuart a-nd Owen Gibson,members of the detachment whichwas taken into special service at theVocational Training School of thearmy in Indianapolis, have returnedto the School after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city.Mr. Charles Spears, of Paris, wholeft here with Mr. Jo. Davis, Jr.,for the purpose of enlisting in thenaval branch of the service, changedhis mind, at the last moment, andwent on to Omaha, Neb., on a business mission.Lieut. Finnell Galloway, who hasbeen here on a four-days' furloughas a guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. Grant- Galloway, has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor. Lieut.Galloway reports the Bourbon countyboys as being in good health andpleased with the- army service.Frank L. McCarthy, of Lexington,nephew of Misses Mary and JuliaMcCarthy, of Paris, has been transferred from Ft. Thomas, where hewent as a member of the Fayettecounty draftees, to Camp Jackson, inSouth Carolina. Young McCarthywill be given an ultimate assignmentin the field artillery replacementdepot at Camp Jackson.Dr. Frank L. Roche, formerly ofthe Lexington Drug Co., and later amember of the Medical Departmentat Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss.,is a guest of his mother, Mrs. T. F.Roche, in this city. Mr. Roche is aregistrant from Lexington, and willaccompany the Fayette county draftees in the next call when they leaveLexington for Camp Taylor nextweek.Lieut. Gus Welsh, of Lexington,who was stationed here for severalweeks as a member of Co. B., SignalCorps, and who was sent to Francesome time ago from Camp Shelby, atHattiesburg, Miss., writes to friendsin this city that at the time of writing his letter he was billeted behindthe firing line after having been "atthe front" for some time. Lieut.Welsh has many warm friends here.Sergt. Newsum Keller and Corp.Lawrence Hill, of Paris, were members of the Signal Corps when Lieut.Welsh was in command.Sergt. Ernest Barnaby, formerlycf Clintonviller who is now in theservice as a member of the aviationcorps near Houston, Texas, will bethe guest of honor at a social to begiven this evening in the Christianchurch at Clintonville, by the members of the Bible School. An interesting program of musical numbershas been arranged and refreshmentswill be served. The entertainmentwill be in the nature of a public reception to Sergt. Darnaby, who is athome on a furlough, and a cordial invitation is extended to all to attend.Mr Fred Erd, until recently manager of the Paris Grand Opera Houseand the Alamo, local "movie houses, 'is a member of the selective draft.service from Fayette county. Mr. Erdis now in Lexington, awaintmg thetime to depart. He desires to getinto the aviation branch of the service. Paris people will always havea tender regard for Fred Erd, forthere was never a more accommodating, amiable manager connected withany thatrical enterprise in this city.They will regret his going, but hopeh will make a name for himself mUncle Sam's service.No part of the $10,000 insurancewhich was taken out in the war service by the late Elgin Dalzell, ofthis countv, will ever be paid out forinterest. This was the statementmade at a mass-meeting held at theopera house in this city Sunday afternoon by Mr. James McClure, ofthe First National Bank. WhenDalzell and his brother, Sherley, bothof this county, volunteered in theservice they each took out war-insurancepolicy to the amount of iu.000. After the death of Elgin Dalzell, which occurred in Philadelphia,vhile he was in the service, hisbrother instructed Mr. McClure to. ... j mutyA . T,1hertVinvest t-ne sum xu au" ---Loanbonds and to draw on him rorthe difference in' the interest..Mr. Jos. W. Davis, Jr., of Paris,son of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W; Davisas accepted by the recruiting omcers at the Lexington branch recruiting station of the naval service Wednesday, as a seaman, second class inthe naval reserve force.' Young Daviswas a student for several terms at theCenter College, in Danville but hasfor some time been associated in business with the firm of J- W. Davis &Co., clothiers, of this city. He willgo to Louisville for final examination,and will have ten days to remain l athome before proceeding to nisstatticn. This was his third attempt toCOUNCIL MEETING.The City Council met in regularsession last night, and a great dealof business was transacted. Thequestion of tax levy for the comingyear came up and was laid over tonext meeting. Messrs. Ossian Edwards, Dan Peed and A. B. Hancock were appointed a Board of Supervisors. After a report is received from them the levy will bemade.A report of Mr. Weiss, consultingegineer, was read and received.The city called on the Paris Gas &Electric Co. for a detailed report andstatements of its affairs what theplant would invoice, what was paidfor current from Lexington and whatthe operating expenses had been fora period of the last six years. Anumber of other demands were alsomade of the light company.PALM BEACH SUITS.Ours are different from the rest,because they have the Davis standard of tailoring $13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m ciW IQBLEGAL HOLIDAY.Next Thursday, May 30, will be alegal holiday, being the annual observance of a sacred day, Memorial,or Decoration Day. The banks andpostoffice will be closed and the ruralmail carriers will not make theirusual rounds. The day will be appropriately observed by both whiteand colored people.enlist in the service, the previous attempts having been unsuccessful onaccount of his being under the required age at the time.In a letter to THE NEWS fromJohn H. Turner, formerly of Paris,who is now stationed at the GreatLakes Training Station, near Chicago, he says: "I am here with thecolors and am feeling fine, exceptfrom the effects of having recentlyhad a 'shot in the arm," and I stillhave to take three more I amto be here for twenty-one days, andthen have no idea to where I will besent. I am at Camp Farragut, withabout 1,5000 others, and we are surehaving some time We are allwell pleased with the service, we arewell taken care of, have plenty ofgood food, and the physical trainingis just what is needed for us. Ihaven't had a chance to see any ofthe Bourbon county boys yet, as I amin one camp, and they are in another,and I can't leave the camp under anyconsideration Would like to seeTHE NEWS occasionally." Turnergives his address as John H. Turner,Co. 148, Barracks 952, Camp Farragut, Great Lakes, 111.Lieut. Colliver C. Dawes, formerlyconnected with the Bourbon CountyY. M. C. A., and later here as Scoutmaster and Drillmaster of the BoyScouts of that institution, is rapidlycoming into prominence at CampZachary Taylor in connection withathletic affairs. Lieut. Dawes isathletic director of the 336th Regiment at the camp, and the Louisvillepapers compliment his work veryhighly. A recent issue of the Courier-Journalpublishes an excellenthalf-tone photo of Lieut. Dawes, withthe following comment:"Lieut. C. C. Dawes is the regimental athletic officer of that unit, andis a man who is always on the alertto see that his proteges get all thatis coming to them in an athletic way.He -has been very successful in stimulating interest in sports among themembers. Recently Lieut. Dawestook a detail of men from CampZachary Taylor to Camp Dodge,where they participated in a dualboxing and wrestling tourney, a return date for which is now being arranged in favor of the local camp."Mrs. Mollie James, of this city, isin receipt of a letter from her son,Sergt.-Maj. Lawrence James, atCamp Bowie, Texas, in which he details in a graphic manner the accident in which several men were killed in the camp by the accidental explosion of a large shell. James says,in part:"I was unlucky enough to havebeen an eye-witness to the awful accident you read of. It happened theafternoon of the day on which wewere to leave the trenches: Iwas watching the firing of the shellsfrom an observation post in the thirdline trenches, about five hundredyards from the mortar positions.These mortars are very frail lookingaffairs, anyway, looking like a jointand a half of stove pipe. The leadinggunner thought the mortar had beenfired and dropped in a second shell,the jar causing the fiFst shell to beprematurely exploded. When thesmoke cleared away the men wereseen slowly sinking to the ground asif their legs were made of rubber)The mortars .were nowhere in sight,both having been blown into a thousand nieces.- Only three of the injured men moved, . . . .a We ar,e going toleave .here soon, I know,- for thingsare tightening as if there was something like a net around one, with adraw string to It, a condition that isalways in evidence just before amove. Whether it is a trip over thewaters or a trip to the border Iknow, not, though I think this borderstuff is all a blind to conceal the realmovement I hardly think thatI would care to go into the railroadbranch of the service,-as it is-a noncombatant branch, and I want to beright up in front with either a Tickers or a Browning and plenty of ammunition, where "William" showshimself plenty of times. Then 'biffbiff -biff to the tune of six hundredshots a minute, and there's no moreBoches on that spot."DISCOURAGE THE USEFOREIGN-MADE GOODS.OEMr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,Chairman of the local Council of National Defense, has received the following letter from 'the State branchNational Council of Defense, at Louisville, with a request for its publication in the local papers. The letter deals with an important warquestion, which it is desired to bringto the attention of the people of thecity and county. The letter follows:"Louisville, Ky., April 26, 1918."To the County Council Defense:"Gentlemen: The War TradeBoard is appealing to the businessinterests of the country and the purchasing public for co-ODeration inrestricting imports and exports tobare necessities, in order to releasebadly-needed tonnage for the transportation of.soldiers and supplies."The success of this movement isvital to the safety of our figEtingforces in France. And the success ofthis movement is largely in the handsof the retail merchants of this country. "This letter is a personal requestto you to do two definite thingswhich will contribute to the successI of the undertaking, to-wit:"(i) to request every merchantin your county to discourage theconsumption of imported goods,pushing forward, in their stead, substitutes of domestic origin whensuch substitutes exist; and to refrain from ordering ahead suppliesof imported goods in cases wherethe stock on hand is sufficient for immediate needs."(2) To secure from every merchant of your county an expressionof willingness to comply with thisrequest."For your information, and by wayof suggestion, this matter was placedbefore the merchants of Louisville inin the form of a letter sent to themembers of the Retail Merchants'Association, signed by the officers ofthat Association and the KentuckyCouncil of Defense, and bearing, attached, a pledge of co-operation tobe signed by the merchant and returned in the next mail."EDWARD W. HINES,"Chairman."DAVID MORTON,"Secretry."Kentucky Council of Defense."MONEY TO LOAN.The advantages of borrowing fromthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association are many, which we can proveto you if you will call at our office!"The Bourbon Building & Loan Association is not soliciting businesswith a view to the private gain ofany individual. It belongs to the people. It is purely a co-operative institution. Our new series opens June 1.H. A. POWER, President,WJLL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t)TOI WE ' KNOW'"h0 WSTRAW HAT TIME IHAS ARRIVEDWELL DRESSED MEN will now layaside their felt hats for one of the new,snappy straws. We have a most completeshowing in all the new shapes and braids. Splits,Sennets, Leghorns, Panamas and Bankbks in all thenew shapes and styles.Split Straws and Sennets$2.00 to $5.00Leghorns$5.00 to $6.50Panamas$5.00 to $10.00 'Good dressers select their hats with' more carepossibly than any other articles of their wardrobes,and if you select your straw hat from our store youwill wear a becoming hatMITCHELL &STETSON HATSNETTLETON SHOESPROVOST MARSHAL GENTTCAT.ISSUES REGISTRATION ORDERMajor Henry R. Rhodes, of Pranif.J fort, has received orders from thejomce of Provost-Marshal GeneralCrowder, at Washington, to the effect that Wednesday, June 5, had: been set as the day on which all menwho have reached the age of twentyone since June 5, 1917, shall registerfor military service in the armiesand navies of the United States.Maj. Rhodes stated that practicallyevery county in the State had beenprepared in advance for the news,and that it was really no surprisewhen the order came from Washington. At Washington it was stated thatabout eight hundred thousand menwould be found available for the service under the provisions of the neworder, and that it has been plannedto have quarterly registrations during the year beginning June 5.Instructions received in Paris bythe Bourbon County Board of Exemption, stated that the registrationshould be held in the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, in the courthouse, between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 p. m. The Board estimates that fully 250 young men willbe added to the army list from thiscounty in the requirements of thisnew order. All young men in thiscounty who have attained their legalmajority, 21 years, since June 5 oflast year, must come to the courthouse on June 5 next and register.Men subject to the draft under thelaw just enacted requiring registration of youths' who have becometwenty-one years of age since June 5,1917, have been notified by ProvostMarshal General Crowder to protectthemselves by arranging for registration before June 5 if they are tobe away from the jurisdiction oftheir home Boards on registrationday. This will be of especial benefit to young men in the reilway service, whose duties take them awayfrom their homes several days at atime.S3I. 0. 0. P. CHILDREN TO GIVECONCERT HERE.At a meeting of the Board of Control of the I. 0. 0. F. Widows andOrphans Home at Lexington, Tuesday, Mayor E. B. January, of Paris,perfected arrangements for the outing of 160 orphan children of theHome. The outing will be held inParis on Saturday, June 1, and willhex, an occasion of real joy .to theyoungsters. The Boys' Band and theGirls' Orchestra of the institutionwill give a concert in front of thecourt house in the afternoon. Anexcellent musical program will berendered. In the evening a receptionjwill be tendered the children in theI. O. O. F. lodge room on the thirdfloor of the I. 0. O. F. Temple, a. thecorner of Main and Fifth streets.1BLAKEMORESTEIN-BLOCH CLOTHESMANHATTANjSMRTS1MAYOR ORDERS-POLICE TO ARREST ORDINANCE VIOLATORS.Owing to the strict ordersissued some time ago by MayorJanuary and Chief of Police Link tothe members of the police force ofthis city, "there is now a shortage ofidlers in the city, and only a few ofthe "doubters" remain, without employment. Some of them have tried,so they say, to get work, but a fewseem to be of the opinion that MayorJanuary, Chief of Police Link andPolice Judge Martin are only jokingabout being able to furnish themwith employment.Some of these "doubters" are women, strong, able-bodied, who canwork as well as anybody else, andthey will be sure to obtain employment with your cousin Tommy Taulif they don't get busy soon. Chiefof Police Link has again issued orders to the Paris police to make around-up of all loafers. Most ofthose who have had warnings previously have secured employment orare remaining close at home. Thenew State law on vagrancy says thatevery ablebodied person (its language is not confined to the word"man") must put in at least sixhours a day at work.Orders have also been issued tothe police to see that the ordinancesgoverning speed of autoists on thestreets of Paris and of the parkingof machines in Paris are more strictly observide. The order also statesthat many complaints have come inin regard to women of questionablecharacter walking the streets atnight, and that these must be arrested and presented in PoliceCourt. The police are admonishedto keep a strict lookout for violatorsof the speed laws in the city and toarrest them and have them broughtinto court.m mAPPRECIATIVE GIFTS.A graduating prestnt is alwayskept with a great deal off pride.Give something worth while.Our stock is varied with suitable gifts things appropriateand worthwhile. All prices.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)J51 iSCHOOL DIPLOMAS AWARDED TONINETEEN PUPILS.At the examination of countyschool pupils for common school diplomas,-recently held in the courthouse by Miss Susie Clay and Prof.B. M. Roberts, the following- nineteen successfully stood the test, andwere granted graduation certificates:Reid Bishop, Joe H. Ewalt, AnnaT. Ewalt. May Frederickson, MayFrakes, Laura Florence, Delilah Florence, Verna Heinrichs, Mary Harp,Louise Letton, Mercy Park, JamesRowland, Raymond Turner, loneWilliams, John Williams, RaymondWilson and Anna May Young. JoeH. Ewalt, eleven years old, won thehighest average with a mark of 95.7.Two colored pupils, Geo. W. Bookerand Emory Reeves, also passed "surcessfully and were awarded certificates. Examinations for colored teacherswill be held at the office of CountySuperintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, in the court house to-day andto-morrow, Friday, May 24, and Saturday, May 25. On Wednesday, May29, all teachers who so desire maytake examination for the Teachers'Reading Circle. The County Boardof Edulation has been called to meetin the County Superintendent's officeto-morrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,for the transaction of important business.Ea 13-SAVINGS ACCOUNT.Why not start a savings account inthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association? We began business June1, 1907, and have always paid morethan six per cent, dividends.Join our new series, which opensJune 1.H. A. POWER, President,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t)SWEET POTATO PLANTS ANYQUANTITY SPECIAL PRICESON BIG LOTS.Sweet potato plants. Special priceon large quantities.BUSY BEE CASH STURtt.(17-3wks)la S3 fcBOUBBON OIL COMPANY BRINGSIN BIG PRODUCER.A telegram was received here Wednesday by Mr. C. L. Bell, of the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., fromtheir .field manager, Mr. Jas. H. Moreland; atv ;Sandy- Hook, in Elliottcounty, stating that a big producerhad just been .brought in on thecompany's lease "near that place.The telegram is as follows:"Sandy Hook, Ky., May 23."C. L. Bell, Paris, Ky."Drilled in sand thirty-two feet.Sand will be from eighty-to. eightyfive feet thick. From the way oilmen think of this well it will easilymake fifty barrels a day. .Much better than the Peters well No. 2, which,is estimated by everybody in thiscounty from five to forty barrels perday "JAS. H. .MORELAND."Sometime ago the company broughtin a big well in another part of theirmountain holdings, which at the timewas estimated to be a fifty-barrelwell..CONTRIBUTIONS FOB RED CROSSSTILL COMING IN.This will ever be a memorableweek in the history of Paris andBourbon county, in the matter ofRed Cross work. In after years,when peace has been declared and awar-torn world has settled down torebuild itself, the story of the campaign for the Red Cross in this cityand county during the week of May20-27 will be told over and overagain, and applauded wherever thehearts and minds of men and womenhave been attuned to the wonderfulresults for good the campaignwrought.Contributions have been coming insince the close of the one-day driveof last Monday, and it seems that oldBourbon will go to the front with,one of the largest oversubscriptionsof the whole district. Other countieswith more wealth were less diligentand were longer in reaching theirquota. It seems that Bourbon countypeople suddenly became imbued withthe idea that they must reach thetop at once, and the way they senttheir contributions over the top wasgood to see and to hear. Severallarge contributions have been received since Monday night, and the endis not yet. Owing to the fact that itwas almost impossible to give a complete list of the contributors, a-ndthe further fact that it would requireover a page of THE NEWS to printthem we have made no effort to obtain them. Suffice it for the purposeto say that each and every one fromthe sixty-five cent subscription of thepatriotic old lady on Cypress streetto those running in the thousandsconstitute a star in the crown of unselfishness. The slackers and thegrudging giver will ever be markedmen and women.On Wednesday the fund hadreached a total of $34,500, awayover the amount asked for, and theprospects were that it would go muchhigher yesterday. The workers werestill busy in the county and city precincts, and many of them , statedthat the desire to give for "the greatest of all mothers" seemed to amountalmost to a passion. As we closeour forms last night the fund hadreached a total of approximately?3,500.HELD TO THE GRAND JURY ONGRAND LARCENY CHARGE.In Police Court Wednesday afternoon Mose Fisher, a lame coloredboy, who has filled many differentpositions in life in Paris, was held inthe sum of $200 to appear before theGrand Jury at the June term of theBourbon Circuit Court to answer toa charge of grand larceny. Mosewas unable to produce a bondsman,and was placed in the care of JailerTaul.The clothing store of I. L. Price& Co., on Main street, was burglarized Tuesday night and a quantity ofclothes and gents furnishings taken.The thief effected an entrance byforcing the rear door of the stockroom on the second floor, ana" descending to the lower floor, wherehe helped himself with rather goodtaste. Suspicion pointed to Mose,who was seen on Wednesday morning decked out in a new Easter suit.He was placed under arrest by Chiefof Police Link, and upon having hishearing before Judge Martin, pleadedguilty to the charge, and gave a detailed account of how he had gotteninto the Price store, and just whatgoods he had taken. The stolen goodswere recovered.Mose has played in rather toughluck in recent years, having twicebroken his leg, and on another occasion having a narrow escape from being burned to death when an overheated stove turned over on him..GRADUATING GIFTS.What would be nicer for thesweet girl graduate than aVerithin Gruen Wrist Watch?Lots of other appropriate gifts,too.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)ECHO MEETING OP STATE CHRIS?TIAN ENDEAVOR MEETING-' ''The "echo meeting" of the StateChristian Endeavor Convention, atCovington, was held in Lexington at?the Central Christian church Tuesday evening. The program comprised addresses bearing on. topicsdiscussed at the Covington Convention, songs, unveiling of the State C.E. service flags, and instrumentalmusic. ;Mr. Y. D. L.,Farley, of Paris, president of the Bluegrass-Union, embracing Bourbon, Fayette, Scott,Franklin, Harrison- and Woodford:..counties, told of "Kentucky's Sus-cessful Convention," and emphasized -the.importance of standing together.'He named two prizes to be given nextyear ne of $10 in gold to the 'society winning the State banner,which is -now held by the Delta Society, and also 'a prize of $10 in goldto the society winning the State district banner.The State C. E. service flag' wasunveiled at the "echo meeting." Thdesign is a large "C. E." in the'een-"ter, made of 'stars, with. "Kentucky"in stars af the top, and "Union" im.stars at the bottom. -'hijili.ul,AFRIDAY, MAY 24, ISIS.SHMJETgrOTHE BOURBON NEWSrPARIS, KY.1UUR60N NEWS"JKafclished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationKHished Every Tuesday and Fridayear..$z.uu t Months. .?l.ooPayable in Adavance.WJFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theoahfcr&cter, standing or reputation otperson, firm or corporation whichappear in the columns of THEvGURBON NEWS will be gladly corswote! if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESCEKsplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertt$cli for first time; 50 cents per inch-acli subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line"4ftdi issue; reading notices in blacktfeo, 20 cents per line, each issue.'Cards of thanks, calls on candldaCes, obituaries and resolutions, and"utaailar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisetea.ts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedi -' decline any advertisement or other.tter for publication.Announcements for political offices"cst invariably be accompanied byQ cash.xcorrespondence, and lettit breathenothingbut sunshine anTcheer. Ifdoubts assail you, keep them to yourself, and give the soldier boy lettersbreathing optimism and confidence.If daily cares and worries beset you,remember that his care is infinitelymuch greater than you own. Yourburden is a personal one, while onthe soldiers' shoulders rests the caresof a nation.Bright, confident letters fromhome, breathing, of love and confidence in our cause and in the heroeswho are upholding it, will do moreto help win this war than any otheragency. And gloomy forebodingsand wailings will as surely retard ifnot defeat us. Your boy shouldhear none but good news from homeunless it be absolutely necessary.Not that his love and devotion isny less than of old, rather greater.This he is proving by his presenceon the battle front. But his one supreme thought now is to strike withttie utmost of his power for the safety and sanctity of his home, and hisheart should know no other care.Keep the gloom at home, if theymust exist, and send the sunshine totne boys.r - - This paper has enlistedviththe government in the'--cause of America for therjieriod of the warEDITORIAIMUSINGS.-&"Let George Do It."Tt is a lamentable fact that thous' vxadu of otherwise good, loyal citizens of this country have never outgrown, that boyish inclination toyvxoU "George" to do it. They have:Mt realized that -both themselvestaffl-d "reorge" have grown to man's.-stature and assumed man's obligations. - 3Ji fact we as people have been5oag accustomed to regard with comIplacency that familiar quotation:That which is everybody's businesst3s nobody's business," until the verythought has become a part of ourwatores.But we are now being rudely-aroused to the unpleasant fact that!Goorge" is busy too busy to as-sume the obligations that we fain-would shirk. He has also a task35iat is calling for the best that isin him. In this emergency there arejbut two courses left to us eithervto bravely shoulder our load andmarch with the workers, or shirk the"Tesposibility and be relegated to thercar with the other slackers.And what a world of shame and-disgrace can be compressed into that:,sword "slacker." With what contempt we have always regarded thev&alky horse, rearing and plungingsnd fretting himself into a fever just:& escape the task of drawing a load,-iche burden of which would haveibes&n far less tiresome than his silly,sofestinate objections.Thus with some people who callthemselves good Americans. The&oaa they are asked to assume wouldnot prove at all oppressive if takenap cheerfully and carried patientlyJ&nd bravely.J -It isn't only the German spy, the-German sympathizer or even the protJerman American who is doing most- v clog the wheels of the great warmachine. The heaviest drag to thatznachjne is the man who whines for""George" to do the work that even3iis own craven conscience tells himlie, himself, should do. He is not-only ri'ota-help, but is a dead weight3ecause he is leaving undone that-which his government had every reason to expect he would do.Reader, if you are expecting'Gcorge" to do it, take anotherithink. "George" is busy desperatelyhwy, and has neither the time norjfcho inclination to take up the burden"you have so shamefully cast downand abandoned.The Transportation Problem.Everybody remembers how business houses shut down and familiesactually suffered for coal a fewmonths ago. It wasn't that we didn'thave the coal in plenty or that wewere shipping too much coal out ofthe country but it was on accountof the railroad tie-up. Of course,the extreme weather added to thedifficulties, but the prime and veryevident reason was the shortage ofcars. The Government had takenover the railroads, was using thecars for its own use, and they were,therefore not available for the transportation of coal.The farmer, a little later on, isliable to experience the same difficulty in moving his crops to the centers of distribution, unless he hasforethought enough now to preparefor this emergency.Groups of farmers should combineand consult the responsible partiesI "higher up" about transportationfacilities, and should leave no stoneunturned to get a definite expression,or a definite promise of cars, for whatprofiteth it the farmer is he raises a"bumper" crop and it spoils for wantof means of transportation.The farmer must plan now for hisneeds and it is none too soon to provide for moving of crops this fall.Don't Gloom The Boys.If you have any regard for thebojr, in Trance, don't write gloomyrjetlers. Keep the clouds out of yourShould Take Precaution.While we are urging the farmersto raise hogs, it occurs to us theGovernment might greatly facilitatematters by inaugurating uniformcompulsory inoculation of all hogsagainst cholera, this to be carriedout through the Department of Agriculture. It is safe to say there ishardly a State in the Union that doesnot lose a million hogs, old andyoung, every year through thisscourge. Compulsory vaccinationand inocculation has almost rid thehuman race of several heretoforedreaded diseases. It will do thesame for the porkers. Just now anyplan that will increase the meat supply is well worth practicing.Stand By The President.It might we'll to remind certainpeople that the President is commander-in-chiefof the United Statesforces, and that the constitutionwhich we are so fond of invoking,clothes him with almost absolutepower. It is supreme folly to supposethat Congress, mighty as it is in somematters, can take away one fractionof his authority. That was delegatedto him by a higher power than anyCongress. There is no middle roadthe American citizen who does notgive full co-operation and obedienceto his government in this crisis, isan enemy, and should be treated assuch.. Wall Street Patriotic.It is stated there have been moreenlistments from Wall Street familiesthan from any other one class offamilies in the country. As our ultra-pacifistsand pro-German friendscontend that Wall Street brought onthe war, we suppose it was merelyfor the pleasure of seeing their boysshot.GOVERNMENT TO DELIVER MAILTO BOYS IN PRANCE.Delivery of mail to and its collection from the American expeditionaryforces has been taken over by theWar Department.Postmaster General Burleson, inmaking this announcement said thepastoflice department has insisted onthe army conducting its own mailservice in France because of the refusal of the military authoritiescharged with the conduct of opera-Stomach TroublesSince ChildhoodPERUNA Made Me WellI NowEnjoythe BestOf felLHealthMr. Wm. W. Ererly, 3325 NorthHancock Street; Philadelphia, Pawrite:T have been troubled with stomachdisorders since childhood, but aftertaking six bottles of your Parana, Inow snjoy the beat of health. I alsohad catarrh In the- head, which practically has disappeared, thanks tothe Peruna Co. for their ood work."Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets..PET-raifcrf - -T&?.C?1H ("3.?.."jf--?ki;d&":?&!3t&6i-.--'3rj&The Successor to ButterH9.Made fromthe WhiteMeat ofCoconutsInsistonTrocoChurned withPasteurizedMilkIf You Enjoy Good ButterWHEN you give your order for Troco ask for it byname not simply for "nut butter" "or "nut margarine." For the flavor of Troco is achieved by an exclusive process, which gives the true creamery butter flavor.Other products can't give you Troco quality.Troco is made by an exclusive process from vegetablefat the dainty fat extracted from the white meat of coconuts,which is churned with pasteurized milk.It is the national successor to butter the gilt edged creamery kind. For only the finest butter made has the pure sweetflavor of Troco.Like butter, Troco is energy food of the highest value,equally digestible and easily assimilated. And being the deluxe product for table use it naturally takes first place forcooking.And remember Troco contains no animal oils of any kindwhatsoever, nor any preservatives.Troco is made only from rich vegetable fats and pasteurized milk by acompany which makes no animal oil products. Old laws, made before Trocowas invented, require the name "oleomargarine" on the label.Your dealer can get Troco for you on short notice -we fill orderspromptly. Insist on Troco if you enjoy fine butter it solves your butterproblems. Your dealer will give you a capsule of the same vegetablecoloring butter makers use.Troco Nut Butter CompanyMilwaukee, WisconsinB. A. BRINKER CO., Cincinnati, O.,DISTRIBUTORS&fA(36)mi--5-55, vr fvrov5.x-j V.-. :.!rfk'".""if:33!Somxtr. u)yy?z-XRvsIJCgJtltffc.-&!'W.- ST..-tions there to disclose to the postalauthorities the location and movement of troops.Mail for the troops overseas will bedelivered by the Postofflce Department authorities at the ports of embarkation in the United States andthat from the soldiers abroad will bereceived by the Postofflce Departmentat a port in France for its dispatchto America.In London and Paris they hide inthe coal cellars from the air raids."You may have to do the same thingif you don't fill your cellar with coalnow.PS fe teYou can borrow money. You can'tborrow coal. Do you get it?For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)LOSTSquare gold watch charm, withdiamond in center and initials "C. C."oh back. Finder return to undersigned and receive liberal reward.CARL CRAWFORD.IRONWe pay highest prices for iroDjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)Farms For Sale!The S. J. JonesReal Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. ,. (14-6t)You Can PinYour FaithOn our Optical work. Go into theeyeglass question carefully before youbuy Glasses. It is is as dangerous towear glasses furnished by anyone buta graduate Optometrist as it is towear glasses fitted to someone else'seyes. You incur no obligation by requesting our advice about your' eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main St'Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing? Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.5hv'-111iiiFRIDAY, MAY 241918. ' ".COThe Farmer'sShareLive stock is marketed fromfarmer to consumer at a lowercost than almost any other farmproduct.The United States Department ofagriculture reported in 1916 that thefanner gets for his cattle "approximately two-thirds to three-fourths" ofthe final retail price paid by the consumer for the resulting beef.Under normal conditions, the farmer'sshare of retail prices of various farmproducts is approximately as follows:Butter 71 per centCATTLE 6623 to 75 per centeggs oo per centPotatoesPoultryFruits55 per cent45 per cent35 per cent-! J-J--. -vThe difference between farmer's priceand retail price represents the necessaryexpenses of packing, freight and wholesale and retail distribution.Swift & Company not only performsthe manufacturing operations of preparing cattle for market in its wellequipped packing plants, but it pays thefreight on meat to all parts of theUnited States, operates 500 branchdistributing houses, and in most caseseven delivers to the retail butcher. Allthis is done at an expense of less than 2'cents per pound, and at a profit of onlyabout !y4 f a cent per pound of beef.Large volume of business and expertmanagement, make possible this indispensable service to the live-stock raiserand to the consumer, and make possiblethe larger proportion of retail pricesreceived by farmers.Year Book of interesting andinstructive facts sent on request.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, IllinoisSwift & Company, U.S.A.AMERICANS IRVING IN CANADAMUST REGISTER.Natural "Water Barrel."Perhaps the most notable specimenof self-watering plants Is the so-called"water barrel" which, of about the sizeand shape of an ordinary beer keg, Isin fact nothing more or less than a living water tank. Its whole Interior Iscomposed of storage cells so admirablyarranged that the pulp which theyform contains something like 96 percent of pure water.American and other foreignersmore than 16 years old residing ortraveling in Canada on and afterJune 22 must register with the Canadian authorities, the Canadian Registration Board announced recently.Draft or other registration cardswill not absolve Americans from theprovisions of the new order, it wassaid.When you try to borrow coal next ' One of the strangest things in thiswinter you'll only borrow trouble. , world is why SolomonBuy yours now while the price is re- ' glory didn't have hisduced. taken.UheiPendietonShopJ 35 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YonrPatronagehats'GOWNSSUITSTHE BOURBONSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Frances Hancock has re-'turned from a visit to friends and relatives in Louisville and Shelhvville.Mr. John T. Collins left Wednesday for a ten-days' stav at. Martinsville, Indiana, for the benefit of hishealth.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay, ofEighth street, is a guest of herdaughter, Mrs. Richard M. Hopkins,in Covington.Mr. T. C. Brown has returned tohis home in Minneapolis, Minn., aftera visit to his parents, Rev. and Mrs.W. P. Brown.Mr. J. A. Stern left yesterdayfor another stay at Mt. Clemens,Mich., where he hopes to find restoration to health.Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Spratt, ofCincinnati, are guests of the former's brother, Mr. Jack Spratt, andfamily, on Broadway.Mrs. Samuel Mackey, Dr. andMrs. Shea, and Miss Lizzie Grannanwere recent guests of Mrs. T. F.Fitzgerald, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Mhhrpv whohave been guests of friends and relatives in this city, have returned totheir home in Winchester.Mrs. Hancock, of Charlottesville,Va., is a guest of her son, Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, and Mrs. Hancock,at their home on Pleasant street, inthis city.Mrs. Wolford Ewalt and littleson have returned from Brooksville,where Mrs. Ewalt's father, Mr.Moore, who has been seriously ill, isimproving.Mr. W. V. Shaw, general agentof the L. & N. and the F. & C.f atthis point, has gone to Martinsville,ind., for a rest and for the benefitof his health. . iMrs. George Hamilton, who hasbeen a guest of her mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney, on Higgins avenue,returned Tuesday to her home inTwo Rivers, Wis.Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill, whois assistant in a business college inDayton, Ohio, is a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neill,and family, on High street.Among the Visitors in the citvWednesday were Miss GladysHoutchens. of Bloomfield, a studentat the Millersburg College, and MissGeorgia Hicks, of Cynthiana.Miss Camden, daughter of Hon.Johnson N. Camden, who has been aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B.Hancock, at their home on Pleasantstreet, has returned to her home inVersailles.Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of thePans Presbyterian church, had asguest the first of this week Lieut.Gunn, of Camp Zachary Taylor,Chaplain of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit, stationed there.Mrs. E. S. Montgomery anddaughter, Miss Berenice Montgomery, of Maysville, and Miss CharlotteJaubert, of Lexington, guests of Mrs.A. L. Wells, on Winchester street,have returned to their respectivehomes.Mrs. J. E. Barnett, who hasbeen a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. James, on Fourth street,has returned to her home in Lexington. Mrs. Barnett was accompaniedby her sister, Miss Jennie James,who will be her guest several days.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry left Wednesday for Detroit, Mich., where shewill attend the sessions of the American Federation of Arts as a delegate from the Kentucky Federationof Womans' Clubs. Mrs. Lowry wasaccompanied by Mis. Alfred Zambord,of Lexington, who is also a delegate.Mrs. George Dawson, of Clintonville, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, whereshe recently underwent a serious surgical operation. Mrs. Dawson isresting comfortably, and will soon beable to return to her home.Miss Marie Collins, of nearNorth Middletown, will go to Cincinnati to enter the Red Cross trainingclass at the University of Cincinnati.Miss Collins and Miss Eliza ClayMason, also of the North Middletownvicinity, have been selected as delegates from the Kentucky Universityat Lexington to attend the Y. M, C.C. Conference to be held at BlueRidge, N. C, June 4-14.Mrs. William Swearengen washostess Saturday afternoon from twoto five o'clock, to a number of youngpeople, in honor of the eighth birthday celebration of her daughter, Missin all hisphotographEleanor Swearengen. Games wereplayed, after which refreshmentswere served, comprising chocolateice, orange ice, cocoanut cake andfruits. The guests for the occasionwere Misses Marjorie Trisler, LucyJean Anderson, Mary Spears, AnneElizabeth Swearengen and MastersJulian Howe, Jr., Dillard Byrd andGeorge Davis Swearengen.(Other Personals on Page 5.)tn.TOpXfAESEBtiFact PowderIt clings to skin stays on. Removes all shine. Enhances natural beauty with velvety smoothness. Tint for every complexion.Exquisite fracrance. Th nnw.k. j wouor nomionnr annor ttaummHEWS, farm, Kftlisii 1NOT HARD SINGE 1 Wolf Wile & ComPyTAKING TANLACWell Known Lousiville Man TellsHow Tonic Has ImprovedHis Health.Tanlac has improved my health somuch that I don't have any troubleat all getting through, my day'swork now," said W. T. Quigg, 1912Owen street. Louisville. Kv."My stomach was all out of orderoetore I took Tanlac. I had indigestion and there was a pain beneathmy ribs constantly. I couldn't stoopover without suffering a lot of pain,and, of course, that made my workpretty hard. I had a sore spot onmy stomach most of the time, too,and my stomach was in a soured condition. "I read in the naner n.hmit "hrrra-Tanlac had helped a brother-in-lawof mine, so I started taking Tanlac.I've taken several bottles now, andI'm SO much hettfir that mv frianoare remarking about the change inme."The soured condition of my stomach is all gone now anTall the badfeeling in my stomach has left. I'mfeeling fine and it's no trouble forme now to get through my day'swork."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day. You can get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.For Kheumatism.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment for rheumatism the new treatment which overcomes rheumatismby purifying the blood. You can getit atVARDEN & SON'S.(Advertisement.)1 mRainbow Bridge.A professional paper of the UnitedStates ecological survey on the geologyof the Navajo country describes, asperhaps, the most striking erosion feature W "n that region, a recently discovered natural bridge, which has beennamed the Rainbow Bridge. It spansBridge Canyon, on the northwest slopeof Navajo mountain. Its symmetryand graceful proportions make it onof the finest natural bridges of theworld.Our observation is that the kind ofgirl who looks nice in a bathing suitwould rather not spend her summerin the mountains.H ..&Twin Bros.Department StoreANNOUNCING AOpea'alSaleOF THEFAMOUS$8.75and$14.75We have a splendid assortment ofChildren'sSilk DressesSizes from 8 years to 14years. Come in and seethem.aiWiff 1iKll mI Br ""'IF 1PACTAn Exquisite Display ofSummerHeadwearVe invie yo-u o come andLApend a pleasant momfnf in.viewina our coiiceiicm of:Summer 7as, urhich in poinirof &ea-uy, xSiyie and oAipinai.y 6-u.rpasseA anyhin$. -wehave hihero Ahovn,Hats For Every OccasionEvery Costume - - Every Womanj&arina and rakish CoS--umeHba& ; a,iain and chaAmina QfeAnoon lGa&; Aweepinaand piiuAesa.iie jtDAeAA 7a;smaA and AuraaaeA clailoAed?&aA and SpoA 7aA of eveAvkind,$5. 00 to $25. 00WOLF, WILE & CO.ElSfe LHA11NU1UJN, KY.We Have Some Very FineN EA L SimmPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination Guaranteed JOrder Early, as the Stock isaLimited.sli W?vt'VLiJC. S. BALL OARAGECorJ Fourth ami Ptoasant St.rI der that is different amazinglywomer. iry it and see. ,MRS. M. A.-PAT0N437 S. Main Phone 330i ziTwin Bros.Department StoreFRIDAY, MAY 24, 191S.?au ituiiTB't- it-vATHE BOURBON NEWS, PAKIS, KY.BEAVY RAINS 'SWELL STREAMSAED CAUSE DAMAGE..THE DOUGLAS PARK MEETING.RELIGIOUS.Heavy rains of Monday, accompa-nied by high winds, were followed byanotheV dowupour that soon caused ,the streams in the county to raise The Christian Endeavor of therapidly, with the prospect of caus- Presbyterian church will meet ating considerable damage to fencing, 6:45 at the "court house. The sub-etcC 'along their territory. The iect will be: "Doing His Will."storm Monday covered the northeast The Pastor's Aid Society of the tTorUon of the county and was accom- Presbvterian church will hold anpanied by hail and high winds.'rPVl Tiring ofld orrootlv -- Via OOdamage done by the rain a-nd hail. arrears are requested to pay them at Wm. Blevins, aged twenty-one, ofMcCarthy blevins.In Carlisle, Wednesday, CountyJudge Harry Kennedy, in his privateoffice in the court house, performedthe ceremony uniting in marriager rt tMATRIMONIAL..'All over the county farmers werebusy with their first setting of tobacco plants and were using everyavailable. source of labor, even girlsnear Mt. Sterling.MORRIS BEIDT.and Mrs. Walter T. Morris,this meeting,The Christian Endeavor Executive Board of Presbyterian churchheld an important business meeting -rrbeing induced to go into the fields j just after the prayer-meeting service of par jSf now residents of Lexingand take the places that had for- at the court house Wednesday even- Unn jinVo nnnnnnopd the engagement- merly been filled by many who are ing. The Board, which is composed ' of fceir daughter, Miss Helen Elizanow" in the service of Uncle Sam. of all the officers of the Society and betn M0rriSf to Mr. Everett PriceThe growing corn which had shown the chairmen of the various commit- gejt of El'izabethtown. Both arectmsiuerauie auvauce, suswjucu swiCiees, Lraiisauieu cuxisiueiiiuic uubuickj member of this years graduatingdamage by being washed up by the i of importance. ' 'class of the University of Kentucky,"hard rains. Whpat. was beaten down. Afnrniner servip.es at the Bantist Tm, ,,. ...mi -!, Wlono qok1XXie WeUUlIlg Will laac iic,v.v- tfciijrnext month.hard rains. Wheat was beaten down,"but it is not thought that the youngcrop has sustained serious damage.In. many places travel was impededby streams that overflow their banksin Vicinities not crossed by bridges.Telephone and telegraph service suffered no interruption by the storm.Lightning felled several trees in thecounty, and in one instance a largetree fell across the Cynthiana pike, ashort time after an automobile partyhad passed by.PORMER PARISIAN INJURED INEXPLOSION OF GASOLINE.Mrs. J. Frank Clay, of Paris, received a letter from Mrs. T. Clarence Erringer, of Fillmore, Cali.,stating that Mr. Erringer had beenseriously burned by the explosion ofa gasoline engine, while at work onhis ranche near Fillmore, severaldays ago.The letter stated that Mr. Erringer had received serious injuries, hisface, -neck and body being scorchedby the fiery liquid. He was removedto the hospital and given immdiatetreatment. He was later removed tohis home, where he was at the timethe letter was written, still in a dan-derous conditionMorning services at the Baptistchurch, 10:45. The pastor willbring a message from the Convention. Ordinance of baptism will beadministered at close of the service.Evening service at eight o'clock.B. Y. P. U. at seven o'clock. Prayermeeting next Wednesday evening ateight o'clock. Subject, "OvercomingSin." Leader, T. W. Spicer.The members of the Paris Epworth League Chapter No. 485 willpresent "The Pageant of Progress"at the regular Sunday evening service at the Methodist church.six persons will render this beautifulpresentation of the progress made bythis world-wide organization ofyoung people during itsof twenty-eight years.A union meeting of the Christian Endeavor Societies of the Christian and Presbyterian churches willbe held Sunday evening at 6:45 atthe Christian church, when reportsfrom the delegates who attended theState Christian Endeavor Conventionin Covington, May 10-12, will beheard. The Christian EndeavorUnion service flag, containing about240 stars, will be displayed. All areinvited to attend.Organic union with the Northern Presbyterian church was reject-STIDHAM HAZELWOOD.The marriage of Miss Mary C.Stidman, of Jackson, Ky., and Mr.Ed. Hazelwood, of Lexington, formorly of Paris, was solemnized, atthe home of the bridegroom's sister,Mrs. W. A. Green in Lexington, Tuesday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, Rev!Mark Collis officiating. The coupleleft after the ceremony for a honey-Fiftv- ' moon- triP and upon their return willin Lexington. The groom was engaged in. the tobacco business inexistence ! Paris for several years and moved to.Lexington aDout a year agu.Mr. Erringer, who is a native of jed by a large majority by the GenParis, where he spent his boyhooddays, is a son of the late TheodoreErringer, who resided on Vinestreet, in. this city. Mr. T. ClarenceErringer' has a 2,000-acre fruitranche near Fillmore, to which hehas been devoting his entire time inthe past few years. His many friendsTiere extend their sympathy in hismisfortune and sincerely hope hemay fully recover.eral Assembly of the Southern Presbyterian church, in session at Durant, Okla., after two days' debate.The Southern branch, however, wenton record as still being willing toconsider a federal union of all Presbyterian and Reformed churches ofthe United States. The vote rejecting the organic union was 153 to 72.WRIST WATCHES.Wrist Watches make"timely gifts" for thefair graduate. We' mouth Highhave them, all stylesand pricesSMI RE & riTMIAIN.(may24-3t)BOURBON GIRL ELECTED TO FALMOUTH FACULTY.Miss Maude Taylor, daughter ofMr. James E. Taylor, of East Paris,was elected a member of the Fal-School faculty, Wed-WEBB BEAN.Mr. Bennet B. Bean, formerly ofNorth Middletown,. and Paris, andMiss Janie Webb, of Louisville, weremarried in Louisville, Tuesday afternoon. The ceremony was performed in the parlors of the SeelbachHotel. Following the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Bean left for an extendedhoneymoon trip in the East. Ontheir return they will reside in Lexington. Mr. Bean is a son of Mrs. B. B.Bean, of Paris, and was for severalyears cashier of the North Middletown Deposit Bank. Resigning thatposition he became identified withone of the large insurance companiesand for many years was a member ofthe State Insurance Inspection Board.His bride is a handsome and attractive young society woman of Louisville.SANDERS LEE.The wedding of Miss Mary Sanders, saleswoman in the C. S. Goldstein department store, and Mr. Edward Parker Lee, of the Louisville &Nashville employ at this point, whichoccurred in this city Tuesday after-nesday, by a unanimous vote of the " w " a , - .!,,Board of Education of that city. I ance that had its inception aboutif,v t,ti,. i,c unnn fQnniian rtf two months ago.'OVER THE TOP.""Capt." Charles N. Pedicord, whohas" left business lines in the cityand gone to the peace and quiet ofthe country, has gone over the topw;ith his fifteen-acre tobacco patchon the Lexington pike, "just outsidethe city limits. It is all set out withthe finest-looking lot of plants in thecounty. This is the first crop thathas been reported as having advanced that far.the Palmer school, near Paris, this'season. She has made a fine recordand her selection by a unanimous, vote for a position in the Falmouthschool is a neat testimonial to herefficiency.Jtt TW WftRESIDENCE SOLD.The one-story residence in NorthMiddletown, belonging to Mrs. MaryMr. Lee, who is in the employ orthe Louisville & Nashville, was inthe selective draft of the army, andwas called to the service from Whitley county. Owing to a previous call,and the fact of his employment bythe railroad, he was able to secure adelay. While in Paris about twomonths ago, awaiting his call, Mr.Lee and Miss Sanders were introduced bv mutual friends. A case of lovea. maiy , ,, -qQ,rQi-ir,0i nH in HiaJohnson, was sold at public auction au . ,. Bmil.omoi,t fniu.r uoJ r. Qnoow f -do-o v course of time, the engagement fol-$1,995, Mr. James Robbins, of nearLittle Rock, becoming the newowner.DISSOLUTION SALE!" JWe will sell for Prichard & Ball, Court DayMONDAY, JUNE 3, 1918at 2 t. m., their two frame cottages on East side of Fourth street, nearPower Crocery Co. They each contain four rooms, pantry, front and back"orch, electric lights, gas and water in kitchen.Garden, concrete walks and shade trees. Both lots 40x100 feet moreor Jess.At the same time and place we will sell several second-hand automobiles and one automobile truck in first-glass condition.TERMS Made known on day of sale.lowed.I There was no escape from the armyservice, However, lor uie iui Lunateswain, and he renewed his efforts tohave the marriage speeded before hewas sent to the cantonment, and wassuccessful. Miss Sanders finally relented, gave her consent, and the happy couple were married in this cityby County Judge George Batterton.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Leeleft for a visit to the groom's parentsat Corbin. Mr. Lee left for the armyservice, and Mrs. Lee returned toParis, where she will resume her former position with the Goldsteinstore. She will reside with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Fielding Sanders,in her husband's absence.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsATTEMPTHARRIS & SPEAKES((td)Don't Miss the Real LiveBUSTER BROWNANDTIGEWho Will Give aFREE ENTERTAINMENTATFriedman's Shoe StoreCorner Sixth and Main Sts;Today, Friday, May 24thAt 2:30 P. IVf .FREE SOUVENIR TO EVERY BOY AND GIRLEVERYBODY INVITEDD rDimil A W Cor. 6th & MainV. riUCLHTIHl!CaarfShatsatLawast PrictsSts., Paris, Ky.TO BURNVILLE.HOPKINS-An attempt was made by incendiaries to start a conflagration in theheart of the business section of Hopkinsville. A bundle of newspaperssaturated with, coal oil and wrappedabout a bottle of coal oil was set onfire in a stairway between a jewelrystore and a bowling alley.The fire bug closed the door afterstarting the blaze and the fire burned itself out. Two banks, a drugstare, bookstore and several other"businesses are in the block. Policebelieve the fire was started by a German sympathizer who hoped to interfere with the success of the RedCross drive this week.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.BRUM AND HFE CORPS BEINGORGANIZED HERE.Patriotic music from a fife anddrum corps composed of Paris boyswill soon be heard as martial musicfor the drafted men leaving Paris forarmy service. The corps is beingorganized by Rudolph Davis andJulian Howe.A subscription paper in circulationamong Paris people for funds tofinance the new venture met with agenerous response, and at last reporta sum amply sufficient to supplybugles, drums and fifes for twentyfour men had traen raised. The BoyScouts of Paris, together with a number of older and experienced men,will compose the organization, which,will hold rehearsals and practice in.the basement of the Y. M. C. A.They will be drilled and instructedby Dr. Harry Mathers, Julian Howe,Barnett Winters "and WilliamThe feast of good things in a racing way that are in prospect for thespring meeting of the Douglas ParkJockey Club, which is to immediatelyfollow the Churchill Downs meeting,embracing the fourteen days fromMonday, May 27, to Tuesday, June11, are beginning to attract the attention of racing enthusiasts, both,locally and nationally.The opening week of the meetingwill be notable for the running of noless than three valuable stake races.The first of these will be the Speculation Stakes of $1,500 added, onemile and one-sixteenth, around whicha programme of the highest class willbe built for the opening day. Onthe following Thursday the MemorialHandicap of $2,000 added, six furlongs, will be the special holiday attraction. And on Saturday, June 1,the ?15,000 Kentucky Handicap, onemile and one-quarter, richest of allAmerican races for horses three yearsold and over, will be run.Douglas Park, under the efficientand progressive management of Jno.Hachmeister, has been gaining inprestige and popularity with eachpassing season as a racing center ofthe highest class. Manager Hachmeister has been constantly following out a policy designed to providethe very highest type of sport possible for the patrons of the track,over whose destinies he presides andit is because of this that DouglasPark has made the strides it has inthe few years of its existence as aracing ground for thoroughbreds.Special efforts will be made tobring the high class horses withwhich the Douglas Park stables arefilled in anticipation of the meetinginto action as frequently as possibleand the outlook is for a season ofracing at this beautiful course thatwill outshine all its predecessors.Besides being Kentucky's Handicap day, Saturday, June 1, will beMilitary Day at Douglas Park. Governor Stanley, of Kentucky, has accepted an invitation to be presentwith his staff and has extended aninvitation to the Governors of adjoining States to be his guests. Gen.Hale, who is in command of CampZachary Taylor, with members ofhis staff, will also be special guests.(It)T& B3 IfcLIBERTY BONDS READY.Liberty Bonds of all threeissues now ready. Subscribers please call and get them.PIOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.(may-21-tf)PRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORE?3y4 3Hi k4&-.tGREATREDUCTIONSonSpring CoatsandSuitsFRANK & CO.f.(boLMORTRADEMARK WIND-SAFEEsLsr ITlJrH VJJLJLN KjrTRADE MARK(PORCH SHADES'C00LM0RSHADESFor the Porchwill add much to your comfort and to the aupearanceof your home. Many sizesto pick from.Let Us Put Them UpFor the Warm Days !Porch Chairsand HammocksSpecialfor yourMADt UNDER PATENT LICENSEporch,prices.The New IcebergRefrigeratorSAVES ICE!The New ProcessGas StoveSAVES GAS!THE WAITEGrass RugsFor any room in the home.The styles and colorsGreen TanBrownand BlueAny size you want. Letus show you.They're Low PricedllliPJLijiiiiwi yw- i iIMfccfKss rugs) E J feC , SSwTBiff 'JBfetesHnfiiiSPSIf UliiiiSr tISPA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts.CHAS. GREEN, ManajerOpposite Court HouseN-Mitchell.I- J. v-7FRIDAY, MAY 24. 1918.THE BOUKBON NBirs,"f AWS, IT.1AGXC!wwBfer(M&TOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may 7-8 1)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.APPELLATE COURT DECISIONIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Wednesday, in the case ofFrancis vs. Tipton, from the BourbonCircuit Court, the decision of thelower court was affirmed.' NEW SERIES.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association will open another seriesSaturday, June 1. This Associationaffords one of the easiest and mostexcellent methods known for a manto own his home.H. A. POWER, President,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t) tE3 153TO ADMINISTER ESTATEMiss Susie Horton, of near Paris,who was recently appointed byCounty Judge George Batterton asadministratrix of the estate of hermother, the late Mrs. Harriet Skillman, accepted the trust and qualifiedby furnishing bond in the sum of3,000, with Mr. John Soper as surety. BAPTISTS TO MEET IN ATLANTANEXT YEAR.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith returnedTuesday from Hot Springs, Ark.,where he went as a delegate from theParis Baptist church to the convention of the Southern Baptist churches, which was held there last week.He reports it as being one of themost enjoyable occasions he has everattended.The convention just before completing its labors, decided to meet inAtlanta, Ga., next May. One of themost satisfactory reports made tothe delegates at the Hot Springs convention was that the convention wascompletely out of debt.LAST CHANCE.If you want any strawberries, youhad better get them now, as theywill be out of season within a week.We have them fresh every day whilethey last.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.M I L1TARY WATCH ESMen's Military WristWelches,, radiumdials, guaranteedmovements, $12.50and up.SHIRE & FITHIAIN.(may24-3t)E3 ?S ISCOMUNG ATTRACTIONS AT THEPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, May 24 Ladies'and Government Day. Two ladiesadmitted for one paid ticket, plusthe war tax. Dorothy Dalton, in anInce production, "Love Me." KingBaggot and Margaret Snow in theY Eye," "The Burning of Hopewell,Virginia."To-morrow, Saturday, May 25June Caprice, in "Unknown 274,"the strange adventures of a younggirl in a large city.Monday, May 27 Julian Eltinge,in "The Widow's Might." Also aMack Sennett comedy, "Friend Husband."GET IN LINE MENFor our straw hats and Panamas.It's time to put 'em on. Straws $2up; Panamas $1.50 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.A GIFT WORTH WHILEIf you have a boy or girl, asweetheart or friend who willgraduate this year, give him orher a gift worth while somtthine that will be keot andcherished. We have lots ofthose kind of gifts.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)-w.j 1B 11 feESCAPED INMATES OF INSANEHOSPITAL 'CAPTURED.After a chase lasting several hours,and taking in a scope of territoryabout three and one-half miles, twoesonnprt inmntpc from the KentuckyHospital for the Insane at Lexington, were captured near Paris byChief of Police Link and Fire ChiefLancaster, Wednesday.A telephone message from the inptitution to Chief Link informed himthat James Taylor and Carl Coryellhad made their escape from the Hospital and that the last seen of themthey were headed in the direction ofParis. Securing an auto and the assistance of Fire Chief Lancaster,Chief Link drove out the LexingtonPike, and found the men in a strawberry patch on the farm near Kenney Station. Sighting the officersthe men fled, and were not found until after & long search, when theywere located in a rye field, wherethey had secreted themselves. Theywere brought to Paris and the Hospital authorities being notified, sentattendants who returned them tothe Hospital.Mrs. J. V. Lytle is visiting relatives and friends in Maysville.Mrs. May Stoner Clay is herefrom Washington, D. C, for a visitto friends and relatives.Miss Winifred Hanley, who hasbeen very ill for some time at herhome on High street, is improving.Mrs. Wm. Estill Moore and MissGenevieve Molloy, of Lexington, wereguests yesterday of Mrs. SwiftChampe. 'Mrs. S. E. McClanahan has returned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Faris, in Flemingsburg. Rev. O. B. Crockett, of Shelbyville, formerly pastor of the ParisMethodist church, was a visitor inParis this week.Mrs. James H. Thompson, Mrs.Charlton Alexander and Miss Elizabeth Steele, of Paris, were recent visitors in Lexington.Mrs. William R. McComas, ofBrooklyn, New York, is a guest ofher nieces, Mrs. W. V. Parker andMrs. W. T. Talbott.M. L. Crane and M. E. McCUrdy,of this city, attended the conventionof insurance agents of the State heldat Anchorage this week.Mrs. Virgil eChandler, of BattleCreek, Mich., is expected here thisweek to visit her father, Mr. W. H.H. Johnson, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. Edward Sanford has returned to her home in Louisville, after avisit to her mother, Mrs. Ben Holt,on Mt. Airy avenue.Misses Mary and BernadotteBrannon have returned to their homein Lexington, after a visit to friendsand relatives in this city.Mrs. Silas E. Bedford and MissBettie Bedford have returned from avisit to Mrs. Mary Frazier and MissMargaret Frazier, in Louisville.Rev. and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard have returned from a visit toMr. Hub Griffith and Mr. and Mrs.King Griffith, at Silver Lake, in Harrison county.Mrs. C. G. Douglass has been removed from her home on South Mainstreet to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where she willundergo an operation.Messrs. Charles Columbia, Morton Hatfield, John D. Johnson andJames Hatfield have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Angelo Puccinni, at Belmont, Ky.Mrs. John H. Moran returnedTuesday from a visit to her husband, who is one of the enlistedmen in the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Rowland hadas guests the first of this week Mr.and Mrs. Joel Rowland and Mr. andMrs. Douglas Thompson, of Lexington, who were enroute home fromIndian Lake, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Adcock andchildren, former residents of Paris,were here Sunday night to attendthe close of the revival meeting being held at the Christian church byRevs. Ellis and Castleberry.Mrs. A. L.Boatright and daughter, Miss Winifred, have returnedfrom 161a, Kansas. They were accompanied by Miss Wanda Davis,who will be a guest at the Boatrighthome on Walker avenue.Mrs. Phelps Sasseen and daughters, Misses Grace and Ruth Sasseen,have returned to their home in Anderson, S. C, after a visit to Mrs. jSasseen's brother, Mr. P. R. Smith,and Mrs. Smith, in this city.Messrs. Logan Howard, JohnSpears and Gilbert Lytle motored toCamp Zachary Taylor, Sunday. Theyreport the Bourbon county boys ingood health a,nd spirits, and eager togo "over there" and take a shot atthe Kaiser.Dr. W. R. Franklin, the optometrist, will go to Louisville, Monday,where he will attend the annualmeeting of the Kentucky Society ofOptometrists, of which he is a member. Dr. Franklin will be back inhis office by Wednesday.The following handsomely engraved invitations have been issued:"The Senior Class of Hamilton College requests the honor of your presence at the exercises of commencement week, May twenty-seventh,nineteen hundred and eighteen, Lexington, Ky."THE NEWS acknowledges receipt of the following:"The University of Kentucky invites you to be present at the installation of Frank LeRond McVey,Ph. D., L. L. D., as President, Tuesday, June fourth, at two o'clock,nineteen hundred eighteen, Lexington." -, .-..h-r'i .-- "'-'--1The following party left Wedlesday night for French Lick Springs,Ind., for an extended stay: Mr. andMrs. John T. Collins, Mr. and Mrs.Henry S. Caywood and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Caywood, and Mrs.James Caldwell. Mr. Caldwell willjoin the party at the expiration ofthe week, he being detained hereas County Chairman in the Red Crosscampaign.The following has been received:"The Senior Class of the MillerburgMilitary Institute invite you 10 Denr, t thP Twentv-fifth Anniver-sary Commencement Exercises Junefirst to fourth, nineteen hundredeighteen."The class of 1918 is composed ofJulian Grosjean Allen, William BestHesseltine, Fred Cleveland Henritze,Edward Lily Kyle, John William Miller, Jr., Abner Ferrell Oldham, Walter Givens Pennington, Harry WestRainey, Albert ' Heath Severance,Louis Bryant Turner, Edwin Hockaday Walker, James Charles Watson.The program of exercises will befound detailed in run in uie mnlersburg correspondence in this issueof THE NEWS.Mr. Ralph Becraft, of EastParis, was host to the members ofthe 1918 graduating class of theParis Home School at Crosdale'sWednesday night. A delicious supper was served the following guests:Mr. Robert Edward Smith, Miss AnnaMae Youngt Mr. Raymond ElliottTurner, Miss Mary Louise Letton,Mr. William Robert Turner, MissMacie Saloshin, Miss Louise Redman,Miss Willa Redmon, Miss LauraKatherine Florence. The young people spent a very enjoyable time. Atthe conclusion of the supper theguests attended the movie pictureperformance at the Grand OperaHouse.RACKET STORE SPECIAL SALEBEGINS TO-MORROW.The Racket Store special sale begins to-morrow morning, Saturday,May 5. Special bargains in all lines.Call early.(It) THE RACKET STORE.PARIS HOME SCHOOL HOLDS COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES.The annual round of festivitiesand social events in connection withone of the most interesting times ofschool life, "Commencement" began,for the Paris Home School Tuesdaynight, at eight o'clock, when thepupils of Miss Giltner's class in music gave a recital at the school. Atthe same time the members of the1918 graduating class appeared onthe program in a reading contest,which was conducted under the supervision of Mrs. Harp, Director ofthe Home School.On Wednesday evening, at eighto'clock, Miss Giltner's pupils fromthe Home School gave a recital at theSchool, which was greatly enjoyedby all who had the good fortune tobe present. Following these exercisesthe members of the graduating classwere entertained with a supper at theCrosdale Cafe, and a movie pictureparty at the Paris Grand, by Mr.Ralph Becraft.The commencement exercisesproper were held last night at thecourt house at eight o'clock, in thepresence of a large audience composed for the most part of friends andpatrons of the School. The followingprogram was rendered:March Processional Orchestra;Invocation; Piano Selection "Romance," Miss Georgia Wills; Violin"Fifth Air" Mr. Thos. Spicer;Piano "March Triomphale" MissVirginia Cook; Violin "Air Varie"Miss Jessie Fry Moore; ViolinDuet "Minuet" Mr. Bryan Dotyand Mr. Thos. Spicer; Address to theClass of 1918 Judge J. M. Stephenson, of Winchester; Violin "Humoresque" Mr. Bryan Doty; Presentation of Credits Miss Anna ChandlerGoff, of the Lexington College ofMusic; Piano "Caprice" MissMabel Templin; Benediction.JE3 Sa EaDARK AND LIGHT COLORSIn our Palm Beach suits makes selections easy $13.50 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.t m mGRADUATION GIFTSFor boys and girls.See our assortmentof suitable goods before buyingSHIRE & FITHIAIN.(may24-3t)ISS ES ISREAL ESTATE DEALS.m mi iMr. S. Paynter, of this city, haspurchased of Miss Imogene Redmon,two frame cottages in Thornton Addition to Paris, for $2500. Mr. Paynter bought the property as an investment.iMiimmmiv.V,The Perfect DiscRecord FileIt Hands You the Record You WantNoheavy,awkward albumsto drag out and search through;no risky shuffling through pilesof records in aBrown Disc RecordCabinetyou find the record instantlywithout bother, and after playing, return it instantly to theopen compartment BrownDisc Record Cabinet protectsthe records from warping,scratching or shifting! and therecords are less likely to be injured in finding or replacing.DaughertyBros.., -, ITar-Time Economy Sale!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are stall able to offer the followingvery interesting values:BSisESS39-4Ready-to -Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,, Economy Sale price $ 1 7.75Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,Wfci Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39,50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $2.29Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at. .$1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,, each $ 1 69. KEconomy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard 22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special Price" Every idea andjtylerepresented.in" this:grouping, including the wanted .colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2;3fr2Xa!ues' Sconomy Sale price.. $3.29IWnW Values, Econoiny Sale price.. $3.9&t25 -Jralues' Economy Sale price.. $4V.9STaSatt es Economy Sale price.. $5.9&;$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. $7.9fcEconomy Sale Specials in?Hosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39c.baaies' silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1,9SEconomy Sale Special-Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. ..$1 .9SEconomy Sale Special ZSZZLiSSgZ Half PriceThis Sale is Now Going On!This Sale is For Cask Only IHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET 224-228 W. MAIN ST-PARIS, KY- LEXINGTON, KYiIjTOKPIfflBBBBTKy-.blister1 ' ! It--iI 3) SBji rW"IE are showing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can 1 surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON CO.ii v3 -,'-miBt' Kb !-IFI-lr V bUfit 4r. . - "-" if ,"itP-aBeFRIDAY, MAY 24, ISIS-tigishTJ1 "TJ" '' SJJA JuWWtt'f1f V TTHE BOITABON NEWS, PARIS, KY.V IkSB, jmfw I"--"-. 'i ;! 3.Tr : ?S?-.,ifwn ..-.A .?-Hit l; ';? r o"; V? ..-.''V it:- . W '" '. Vo- rItMM4Makes SuchLight, Tasty BiscuitsJust let mother cull, "Biscuits forBreakfast !" We're sure there's afvoof fVmf pnrrt hp. heat in storefor us light, tender biscuitsfnnfv hrown and all nulled upwith goodness ! For mother is sureo'f her baking powder Calumet.She never disappoints us oecauseCALUMETBAKING POWDERnever disappoints her.It's dependable. Resultsalways the same the best.Try ttCalumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvea omciallyby the U.S. Food Authorities.You Save When You Buy It.You Save When You Use It.UirUI7QT0-UAUTYnHjilLM AWARDS-sJTHE LINCOLN DOLLAR.A very pretty story indeed comesfrom Washington to the effect thata man. in Illinois has sent to Secretary McAdoo a gold dollar which AbeLincoln gove him "for being honest"when he declined to vote for thegreat statesman because he was aa Democrat, while Lincoln was aRepublican.If the story of the Lincoln dollarcan be authenticated, and doubtlessit can, the dollar can be sold at auction for enough money to buy a wholefamily of baby bonds. An auction inWashington duly advertised wouldbring many bids from wealthy patriots and that it seems to us would bethe best means of disposing of thedollar.Sometimes a woman is so hard upfor something to boast of she willbrag on a son who borrows money tobuy gasoline.WKIIiLlL?a&j&$fxiTheuniversalmilitaryservicegumA Soldier's offering to his sweetheart is naturally the sweetmeatthat gave him most refreshmentand greatest enjoyment when onduty.The Flavor LastsmSOEmM LmmZmm . KcCP thC bVS 1" llllllllllI AfcfQBflxflnmVKmmmn SCFVlCC SUPP!!SifSB'Hlm LmmmW jCt lwJ " L-11 OHONOR ROLL PARIS HJGHSCHOOLGrade I-A.Marie Foley 94, Eva Roberts 96,Hazel Buchanan 97, Ella May Brown94, Frances Waterfill 91, FrancesBowling 93, Anna Parrent 96, LucilleChristman 92, Abram Clough 90,Prentice Burton 96,Raymond Stewart90, John Shearer 96, James Morrison97, Elon Tucker 93, Bayless Morrison95, Elsey Tucker 94 William Amyx96, Frank Clay Rose 90, LawrenceMullin 95, Sam Kerslake 95, VirgilGaitskill 92, Louise Elvolve 95, JonettJUlmore VZ, ttlizaoetn wnrtiey y,Mary Forman Varden 94, RuthThomas 90, Mary Stone 93, CarolineReading 95, Bonnie Lee Perkins 90,Annella Myers 97, Lucy Maxey 92,Elizabeth Ingram 95, Elizabeth Hinton 93, Nancy Baldwin 96.Grade I I-A.Coleman Burns 90, L. U. Chappell92, William Crump 90, Eugene Chambers 96, Ella D. Faulk 93, ImogeneFryman 94, Noah S. Hinton 93, MaryE. Isgrig 95, Katie Irvine 96, Thenosha McCord 93, William Marshall 90,Martha Ray 93, Dorothy Thomas 92,Vivian Smith 90, Martha B. Hall 93,Gladys Quinn 91, Elizabeth Douglass92, Louise Banister 90, Franklin Carter 90.Grade II-B.Louise Slicer 90, Ethel Fightmaster90, Sadie Blake 91, Elizabeth Anderson 92.Grade I II-B.William Sauer94, T. J. Judy 93,Burdette Sanders 92, Emma Frederick 92, Edna Stewart 92, LucilleButler 91, Edna Crump 91, W. S. Williams 90, Catherine Boreland 91,Bertha Honican 91.Grade 1 1 I-A.Susan Howard 96, Ruth Dickerson95. Edward Merrincer 94. WilliamAnderson 94, Howard Reese 92,Eugene Strother 92, Kraft King 91,Jewel Maxey 91, Katherine Towler90, Katherine Simnson 90. "Rnlpio-ViPughes 90.Grade IV-B. " " "j Joe Varden 96, Sam Hendricks 96,' Jessie Irvine 95, Sarah Elvove 94,,Lelia Kiser 93, Fredia Newman 93,I WinriQ WanrilTKT U'-t nhn Vnnnfn OOJames Wilmoth 92, William Smithyi, John b Young 91, Kady Elvove93, Edwin Rice 91.Grade IV-A.W. Lk Yerkes 93. fannnn Wili;nw,092, Frances Tavlnr A3 nrfWPepper 95. James Mann Q3 T3iQoi,Davidson 94, Lily Burns 92,' Rebeccauomer yv, William Bowling 91, ElsieMorrison 92, Rose M. Carr 91.Grade V-B.Gertrude Smelser 92 William tt;ton 93, Dudley Deaver 94, Marie.Difciiupao, ,rean Hitch 93, Will MIf, 93o'.L.Ucy WiHiams 95, LilianTaylor 95, Anne C. Talbott 96, Ethelwe Curtis vl.Grade V-A.Henn ndusky 93, Charles Ingram 92, Emma Dickson 90, EthelShankhn 95, Elmeta Douglass 94Susie Leach 91, Edna Davis 9l!at5eE?e Young 95' Ethel Woodward 92.Grade VI-A.Blanton Collier 90, Edgar Hill 90,Anita Overby 96.Grade VII-B.Katheryne Hendricks 97, EmilvBratton 93, Irene Estes 93.Grade VII-A.Ellen Scott 93.Grade VIII-B.Nannette Arkle 93, Virginia Cahal91, Virginia Morrison 95, Ed DranePaton 91, Katie Howerd 96, VirginiaHancock 98, Margaret Hill 97, Elizabeth Taylor 91.Grade VI I I-A.Katheryn Wallingford 93, MorrisPrice 96, Mae Tyree 93.Grade IX. jJames Dundon 90, Norbert Fried- !n tt'.-u nan y-' -Wancy Young91, Hedgie Taylor 91, Minnie Galloway 96, Loraine Weathers 92.Grade X.Geraldine Herrin 96, Alma L. Goldstine 93, Thomas Hendricks 92, Bernice Florence 90, Mary Ellis 95,Katheryn Brophy 93, Omer Denton90, Margaret Lavin 95, Christine McCord 94 Anne Talbott 90, ElizabethSnapp 91, Dorothy Tingle 95.Grade XI.Thelma Squires 95, Foster Mitchell91 Louise Connell 91, Alice Adair 91,Silas Bedford 90, Elmeta Hinton 90Grade XII.Vernita Baldwin 95, Fannie Heller11 Sh?Eh?.Ke.?,ney 97' Robert Lavino5' th oinville 91 Eleanor Lytle94, Edna Snapp 94.DON'T DELAY.Somem?aris People Have beamedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptoms of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be over-ooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriousiraifmentSY That pain in thesmall of your back; that urinarvirregularity; those headaches anddizzy speNs; that weak, weary wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk you?i J neSlectins these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is time begin treating yoUrkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need 'toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used inthousands of cases of kidney troublefor over 50 years. Doan's KidneyPills are used and recommendedthroughout the civilized world Endorsed at home. Read Paris testimony. Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haVeused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy :etDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)You have no right to talk aboutinefficiency in others until you havebought your winter's supply 0fl coaland thus helped lift the burdenfrom the railroads.NERVOUSPROSTRATIONMay be Overcbme by LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound ThisLetter Proves ItWest Philadelphia, Pa. "During thethirty years I have been married, I naveDeen in oaa neaitnand had several attacks of nervousprostration until itseemed as if theorgans in my wholebody were wornout. I was finallySersuaded to tryiydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and it madea well woman ofme. I can now do1 all my houseworkand advise all ailing women to tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I will guarantee they willderive great benefit from it." Mrs.Frank Fitzgerald, 25 N. 4l3t Street,West Philadelphia, Pa.There are thousands of women everywhere in Mrs. Fitzgerald's condition,suffering from nervousness, backache,headaches, and other symptoms of afunctional derangement It was ograteful spirit for health restored whichled her to write this letter so that otherwomen may benefit from her experienceand find health as she has done.For suggestions in regard to your condition write Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass. The result of their40 years experience is at your service.o!d "Ohio Company."The so-called "Ohio company" ofearly times was organized in BostonIn 1786 for the purpose of buying government land a"nd founding a seTtTi--mentnorthwest of the Ohio river. In1787 'Its agent contracted with congrsj for l,r00.000 acres of land andobtained an option for 5,o5o,000 acres.The company founded the town ofMarietta, 0., which became an earlycenter of New England influence inthe Northwest. The contract made bythe Ohio company contained the firstnational land grant for a university.Proper Home Life.The right kind of home life meanseverything to every one of us. Theaverage wife or mother should keepthis truth constantly before her and resolve that her home shall be madea bright and cheerful spot Otherwiseshe must expect that her family willseek outside attractions, for commonsense tells us that no one will remainfor any length of time In any placewhere he or she Is uncomfortable ordissatisfied. Exchange.v 'The Best Coatfbrur HouseDo you choose the coat foryou choose the coat foryour back?Your house, like your body, mustbe protected from the weather ifit is not to suffer from suddenchanges. "When you buy a coatfor yourself, you carefully selectthe material, note how it's made,how it looks, how it's going towear. Be as particular aboutthe coat of paint you buy foryour house.Dutch BoyAnchor BrandWhite-Leadmixed with pure linseed oil givesa well-made, handsome, lastingcoat for your house a coat thatwill defy wind, rain,, sun, andsnow. Any color is obtainable.Our aim is not merely to makesales, but customers satisfiedcustomers.C. A. Daugherty.. u I wC t3kVvf . ,mmmmmwLm.! l vPv- fmmmmmmSm. mmr9mW.jp- liV C??Z& tf mmmM mmmmmwmmmWtmW'm'mmmWhatever Your OccupationMay Bei You Need Bevera as a DrinkIf your daily work is outdoors or indoorsyou need a refreshing, nourishing beverage,regularly every day.Mental and physical work destroys tissues ot thebody that require constant replacing or you begin tofeel worn out run down. Prepare yourself forabetter day's work, every day, by otiukiujLoisy'sBEVAERAMADE IN g CLEVELANDThis is the drink that thousands ofpeople have found to be unsurpassed as abeverage that gives strength and maintains health.Try a bottle today-then buy by the boxand drink Bevera every day at meals betweenmeals or any time when you are thirsty or fatigued.For sale at drug stores, grocers, sodafountains, confectioners or wherever soft, nonintoxicating drinks are on sale.The Isaac Leisy Co., Cleveland, O.Established 1862or "WBmwJf.l xtwmm iynjmuWm9m.z.i.lv fz-m. &vjimmwimmsSmm0ZiifmtTHE ESTERMAN-VERKAMP CO.Telephone Main 1313SECOND AND MAIN STS., CINCINNATI, OHIODistributors of BEVERA-IMPLet Us Serve You !Tbis company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light anipower companies, because it serves you day and night ofte-atimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the polic3or the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends. WjfilPi 4 " AHAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and are vitally Interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Ltcal Manager.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetmmm:''Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest im. provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. sFRIDAY, MAY 24, 1918.P1GI SXTXVmEating "War Bread" Will IncreaseAverage Human Life by Ten Years"Hooverized Flour" Contains the Elements Which Made Possible the Blood and Tissue of the Prehistoric"Iron Man."WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.While many people bewail the factthat they are obliged to eat what isconinionly known as "war bread,"very few realize that the constituents of this new flour are such astend to greatly increase the life,strength and health of the averageindividual. Equally few appreciatethe fact that the ordinary forms ofvslut3 flour, which had grown inpopularity as civilization advancedits ages, lacked the iron and sulphate? so essential to the humansystem.Although a purely organic, assimilable iron is found in beets, celery,aniens, beefsteak, lamb chops and afeu other eatables in minute quantities the food of modern civilization so greatly lacked this primeessential that it failed to properlynourish the blood, tissue and nervecells of the body. Sufficient quantities of "war bread" will strengthenthe entire system and greatly aid digestion if eaten regularly, as it contains considerable organic ironwhich not only clears and thins theblood, but also nourishes and invigorates it, thus serving as a remarkable "spring tonic" as well.Very few people, however, willcare to eat enough of this bread toproperty revitalize their system andthus revert to the type of thoseday1 when men, clothed in animalskins, sucked the marrow from splitbones and was content to make hisrepast on black, whole-wheat breadsuch as would choke even a German hussar when his luck with ahand-thrown cudgel failed to landhis four-footed prey.But to these fastidious-palatedpeople who would avoid the excessive use of "war bread" but still want,the red, rich blood of the prehistoric"iron man" it is recommended thatthey take, in more convenient form,a purely organic, digestive ironwhich won't discolor- the teeth.There is only one such iron knownto medical science, and that is calledAcid Iron Mineral. All others arespurious inmitations and are justabout as digestible as a cast ironsledge hammer.While its cost is a mere trifle, thedistributors of this marvelous remedy are so confident of its successthat they pnqualifiedly guarantee itto do what is claimed for it, or yourdruggist will promptly refund itspurchase price.A-I-M is in no sense a patent medicine or secret remedy. It is a natural mineral water, containing ferricsulphate, magnesium sulphate, calcium sulphate, sodium sulphate, codium iodide, sodium phosphate, silicicacid and free sulphate acid.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)MEN WANTED FOR Y. M. C. A.WORK IN FRANCE.The following" telegram has recently been recived at the ChicagoY. M. C. A. Headquarters:"Situation overseas evidently becoming more, critical. Note following important cable from Ambassador Sharp to War Personnal Board:"Appealing need for workers withAmerican troops; minimum requirements to-day 600, for approximately200 important unoccupied points.Many of these on firing line. Secretaries alone at front are breakingunder terrific strain. We must haveimmedite adequate relief to avertcatsastrophe."Kentucky is pledged to furnish 20men each month as her part of theNational obligation to safeguard theinterests of the enlisted men. Secretary George W. Johnson, of CampZachary Taylor, was in town Saturday to help Bourbon county recruitfor this work. Mr. Johnson gave upa lucrative position to become anArmy Y. M. C. A. Secretary, and- feltmore than repaid for the opportunityit has given him to fulfill his citizenship at this trying time. Mr.Johnson expects to go very shortlyto continue his work "over there."Bourbon county has already givenone of its valued citizens, Mr. C. O.Hinton, to this cause, but shall westop there? Are there not five othermen over draft age (31 years) andunder 56, who will make the necessary sacrifice to keep this arm ofUncle Sam's doing its required work?General Pershing says: "One ArmyY. M. C. A. Secretary is worth morethan several line officers." Both areneeded right now.Will the readers of this notice helpthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. findfive more men? Call or telephoneSecretary Z. L. Wilcox, at the Y. M.C. A. Headquarters, Paris, Ky.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.It has just about gotten so in thiscountry that a family without a girlin it forgets how to be hospitable.Mines work only to fill orders.Keep them busy this summer.?MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376HOW'S THIS?"We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by satarrh Sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from the Blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.THE GOOD TO BE ACCOMPLISHEDMcCOMBS OIL CO.An Established Producing and Dividend-Paying Company.58 PRODUCING WELLS4,000 ACRES OF PROVEN LEASESPurchased from the Beckett-Iseman Oil and Gas Company in Wolfe County, Kentucky. Wells are connectedwith pipe lines and now pumping. This gives the company 67 producing wells and 17,000 acres of leases.Due to increase in value of company's holdings,On June 15, 1918, StockAdvances to$1.50 Per ShareAnd Dividend Rate to18 Per CentPer AnnumFIVE DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFails To ConsiderEstablished Company beyond expenmental stage.Monthly Dividend of 1 per ct. -After June 1 1-2 per ctEarnings largely in excess of dividend requirements.Extensive holdings-17,000 acres-largely m proven5. Stock has been subscribed in large blocks by. discriminating investors.The Company's Stock May Now BePurchased at $1 .OO Per Share.Full Information on Request.ABRAM RENICK, President514-16 Intir-SouthfrnBidf. Louisville, KentuckySee Our Representativej. D. HEDRICKWindsor HotelThe boys who are going to leavethe high schools to work on farmsbecause it is a patriotic duty,, havemany of them promised to give agoodly portion of their earnings tobuy Thrift Stamps for Uncle Sam.These boys, who are going to work,and work hard, for their money, willknow, before the summer is over,the difference between working fortheir money and getting it fromtheir fond parents. And it is goingto do them a thousand times moregood and it is going to do Uncle Sama lot of good, not only now, but whenthe war is over and things will beginto settle themselves into peace timesin' this country.When the war is over these boyswill have established habits of thrift,the greatest necessity of the American people. Thrift is what UncleSam is trying to instill into the boysand girls of this country, for theyare the coming generation to whomUncle Sam is going to look for helpin all crisis.Uncle Sam wants you, and you,and you! And everyone else. Hewants you to join one of the WarSavings Societies in your communityand learn to save learn to put yourmoney into Thrift Stamps it is goodfor Uncle Sam it is better for you.And it is a mighty good investment! And you know it! Uncle Samis only borrowing your money heis going to pay you a bigger interestthan you could draw at a bank.Uncle Sam's word is good you knowit for you know that, no matterwhere you were born, since you havebeen a resident of the United Stateshe has given 'you a square deal.See to it that you give him oneand buy Thrift Stamps every chanceyou get!MMMTHE JUNE WOMAN'S HOME COMPANION.i)In the June Woman's Home Companion is given the amazing resultof the Dime Drive for binding thewounds of a soldier" thirty thonsand dimes, which kept the mailingdepartment snowed under for days.This issue also contains MargaretDeland's second article on the life inFrance to-day, and the first part ofAlexine Heyland's charming andamusing story, "Oh, Annice!" Thesecond installment to appear nextmo-nth. Then there, is the conclusionof "The Man From the Air' byFrederick Orin Bartlett, and shortstories by Elise Singmaster, MariaThompson Daviess, Evelyn Gill Klahrand Eva 'Strong. William A. Pagetells about "The Movie-Struck Girl,"Thomas L. Mason has an interestingarticle on "What is Your Scale ofLiving?" and Mrs. Anna Steese Richardson writes about her visit to oursailor boys near Cape May.There are other good departmentsand a splendid picture section containing an interesting full page on"Cold Pack Canning," by Alice Bradley. The fashion department offersmany good and helpful suggestions.In view of the latest request of theFood. Administration, every housewife will want to read "A Weekt -" - , " t i !United States TiresTiresmPmk arQ Goodmm m LiifmtmP !, S' !sSTf--5Ei r .MI ell nit h srirw. -4I Mm -Jl m h S SS VS rl "?! !! ""v rIP II b SL -4mj:i JKmi-. MmT 7x1 H iilT m &JJM-?'&r rr w . snm.utw'MmM MM if ggPI&u $G&jTFi W , 42vp2 -sisagSr i:HPW :'VUullfl riaSSSSSBiKXJKViioeHPTO iiiii r 3iv. Oft. y; mjnmuitm n nut uuh ii fn kiii1 ! i?nHi 1 iisiiiwiirf fininmijjiio iii; iv i aiajnsteni""" T ; mW Ri I sJnSfcflTHMl'Hllo'lllffl 1 j-ua"M'U!gi.lBJtq8ifeai'"! r--, ' TSuJSg1" jRr-frrFS 73Mill I '- 5HirHliiil 5! t Ti Ml PIT BSp 3&PsH hHI SBH 1' n1 iv"' . i.iu ingSv .ri-i;' iinrmr (atftmy JJSEWBSVslulHHl 1' nllvkmrnm III m I m IHHHHillHIl IfsBllilIIISKmWm9MInHMChain TreadTire-buying EconomyYour car must give greater service this year than ever before.It speeds up your work increases your working power.The highest car economy lies in utmost service.The most economical tires are those which will give youvgreatest use of your car.That's just what United States Tires will do for you.You can depend on them for continuous service,most mileage at lowest mileage cost.Equip with United States Tires. jOur nearest Sales and Service Depot dealer will be glad tyassist you in selection.flMilA complete stock of United States Tires is carried by the following Sales and Service Depots:Ira Parks & Sons Paris, Ky.Millersburg Hardware Co. Millersburg, Ky.J. W. Mitchell & Son North Middletown, Ky.Without Wheat." There is a timelygarden article, and the children arenot forgotten, as they have theirOwn Circus to cut out.-aFurthermore, the man who sits ona wheelbarrow and eats his dinnerout of a tin bucket hardly ever invests muc-h capital in digestion tablets.SOncDropBourbon Poultry Remedydown a chick's vnndpipe TTIJPCJA few drops in the 5f TTdrinking water cures fi A HI-'Sdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on request,I0UBB0I BEHEOT CO., Lulogton, Ky.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeHHHHHUffil HE6Sl3M'iSHsS,5S-''IW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t 13 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction 'with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2A beautiful lln of Garlands an dlaplay. .Coma In and look thsm ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Iaoorforat)Columbia GrafonolasBaBBvaaaaaajBaa3HHrColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00v H-5,,jaBEaBBBa9BkarColumbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00(aaBiaBvaaaaaaT fColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYVfcfJJ, 1-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1918.JPAGE EIGHT-TMBaaHBaBBiMHMaMt-H U4 4 1 -H-M' W M'4"H4"I"I'II1 1 1 11 II I 1 1ctt? THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO$iW Jiftif"."JSt?"IH4r--vi'!"?r Motor equipment.3fThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSA$D MMBALMERSiMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.m C t It 11 1 M I- ! ! ' I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I I !' I' ! ! ! ! ! ! 4' ! ! 'I'W4MILLERSBURG"NOTtev. Alex Sanders, of Paris, -vas"Ete guest of his daughter, Mrs. W G.33auley, Tuesday.Mr?. Mattie Hawes and brother,3&r- Wm. R. Butler, left Tuesday forzs. Few days' visit to Mr. James Mc.3tare, of Paris.Capt. Magrauder received a no-&C3 some days ago, calling him to.- "aacmy service. He left Wednesday5br Camp Lee, Va.THE SICK. Messrs. James Clearer, Earl Hill and Dr. W. L Millerrara? improving; Mrs. Fannie Norton:sremains about the same.Miss Carol in Mclntyre took partjin the concert given by Miss Elizatfalh. Smith in the ball room of the5aenix hotel, Lexington, Wednesr -2" evening.Mrs. Cromwell, of Chicago, 111.,-rarlio lias been the guest of her sis-3Let, Mrs. S. E. Bruce, for severalJ ?yfcys, left Tuesday for a visit to rel-- natives at Flemingsburg.Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Ingels visit--3B3. their son, Mr. J. A. Ingels, at'tSanp Taylor, Louisville, Sunday and"akmriay. Tiiey saw all the Millers-Srarg "boys, and report them doingzsicely.The following tre guests of3re. C. M. Best: Mrs. John WiljEaoms and daughter. Miss CharlottaSKIgMingale, Mrs. John Hinderer and" "Kiss Marguareta Reed, all of Phila3elpliia, Pa.Mrs. J. Clarke Leer entertained" r2i fourteen" graduates of the M. C."srith. an elaborate dining last Saturday in honor of her cousin, Miss Car--tnlin Mclntyre, who was a member of.."Sbe class.The pupils of the first, secondvaad third grades of the Graded4 -School will give a little one-act- tcperetta at the opera house, thiscening at eight o'clock, entitled,' TJnder the Sugar Plum Tree." TherS33x.tertainm.ent will be interspersed' , -atb songs, readings and other int ieresting work.Millersburg was visited Monday-.-ought l)y one of the heaviest rains,. - most in the nature of a cloudburst,iiat lias fallen in a long time. Theheaviest part of the rain was on the. 3IaysviUe pike, south of town. The: ' ?&ke' was inundated, and all travelBras cut off for two hours. Near the"second railroad crossing, the track"roras washed out for 150 yards, caus-ssagr a long delay -to traffic on the"JEdQsville and Nashville.In the Red Cross drive which isT2ow on, Millersburg has "gone overisCfce top." The amount assessed was' O f A UlUn n rr -k- r t- i " 4 4" M f$d,JVU. i- lie iiiaaa uicciiug txv. icMethodist church Sunday eveningwas in every respect a patriotic one,full of enthusiasm and determinationto do the right thing. The principaladdresses were delivered by Rev. 0.B. Crockett, of Shelbyville, and Lieut.Barkley, of the U. S. Army, at CampTaylor, LouisvilleAt the proper time subscriptionswere called for, and they came rapidly. Several of those were given bychildren. When the meeting closedabout $3,300 had been raised. OnMonday the soliciting committees gotbusy, and the joint precincts werecanvassed in one day. The amountthus raised up to date, is about $4,500, and subscriptions are still coming. On Saturday afternoon there willbe a sale of calves, pigs, lambs andother things that might be brought,i in the Park for the benefit of theRed Cross. A nice little sum will berealized. Any purchaser may redonate his or her purchase to theSociety, and it can be resold. Aninteresting time is expected. All weask is fair weather and the dollarswill come.The commencement exercibes ofthe M. C. were continued Mondayevening at eight o'clock, at whichtime the annual concert was held.Notwithstanding the heavy downpour of rain, a good audience waspresent at the M. C. Auditorium.The program was fully up to the average. Most of the numbers wereclassical and well executed, and theencores were numerous. It was agood concert and enjoyed by all whoheard it.The commencement exercises wereheld Tuesday at 10:30 a. m. at theM. C. Auditorium. The weather wasgood and the audience was large.At the appointed time the class of1918, consisting of fourteen youngj ladies, took their places on the stage.The baccalaureate address was delivered by Mr. Victor Bradley, ofGeorgetown, after which the diplomas were awarded by Dr. C. C. Fisher, president of the college. The honor roll was read and medals awarded.At noon the college closed for thesummer vacation. The next sessionwill open on Sept. 12. This closesone of the most successful years inthe history of the school, thoughthe enrollment was not as large asin- former years. The high gradework done by the student body,through the efficiency of their teachers, was equal to any year of thepast. There will be several facultychanges next year.: The following is the calendar ofthe M. M. I. Commencement exercises,l which will open Saturday, June 1st:I1Vji1iiofI111!mc-If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction' guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also txclusivt agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to yu vLOWRY&MAYV..V'iFriday, May 24thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted, for one admission, plus the war tax.DOROTHY DALTON: ''-'LOVEijlB"'"1'An Ince Production.King Baggott and Marguerite Snow inthe 10th episode of'THE EAGLE'S EYE"(The Burning of Hopewell, Va.)Saturday, May 25thWilliam Eox PresentsJune CapriceIN"Unknown 274"Being the strange adventures of a younggirl in a big city.Monday, May 27thJesse L. Lasky PresentsJulian EltingeIN"The Widow's Mite"By Marion Fairfax. A characteristicEltinge production.Also Mack Scnnett Comedy," FRIENDHUSBAND," with Charles Murray, Wayland Trask and Mary Thurman.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.Saturday, at eight p. m. Patrioticplay by Cadets.Sunday, at 10:45 a. m. Baccalaureate sermon by Dr. Tupper, ofPhiladelphia.Monday, at 9:00 a. m. Competitive drill on M. M. I. campus.Monday, 2:30 p. m. Ball gamebetween Cadets and Cynt-hianateams, on M. M. I. ball grounds.Monday, at 8:00 p. m. Vaudevilleby old Cadets.Tuesday, 10:30 a. m. Commencement exercises, Baccalaureate adaddress by Dr. Tupper.Tuesday, 8:30 p. m. Cotillion,music by Weber's Band, of Cincinnati. This is the twenty-fifth anniversary of Col. C. M. Best in school workin Millersburg. They propose to celebrate it and make it a home-comingfor all ex-Cadets. Preparations arebeing made to entertain them on thecollege grounds. Tents will be usedfor this purpose. Monday and Tuesday will be especially devoted totnem and a large number is expectedto be present. This, too, in view ofthe fact that one hundred and fiftyof the ex-Cadets are now commissioned officers in the U. S. Army. 24-3t)J5 lei PaBIRTHS.On May 14, at Kansas City, Mo.,to the wife of Mr. Fred R. Witt, adaughter. The mother was formerlyMiss Marcella M. Kane, of Paris.To the wife of Mr. Russell Grinnell, near Muir, a daughter; theirfourth child, all girls. The motherwas formerly Miss Grace Ingels, ofCynthiana.T-he handsome eight-pound sonborn last week to Mr. and Mrs. S.Kenney Nichols, of Thirteenth andHigh streets, has been christened Julian Moore Nichols, a combination ofthe paternal and maternal familynames.TOBACCO TO BE MADE PART OFSOLDIER RATIONS.DEATHS..CASTLEMAN.General John Breckinridge Castleman, the last of the fourteen members of the famous Castleman family,of "Castleton," died suddenly at noon"yesterday. He had been in illhealth for some time, but his deathwas unexepected. General Castleman was 77 years of age and died athis -home in Louisville.He is survived by two daughters,Mrs. Elmer Railey, of Fayettecounty, and Mrs. Augustus Hone, ofNew York; also by one son, Commander Kenneth Castleman, of theUnited States Navy. Funeral arrangements have not yet been made.Tobacco, which heretofore has beenpurchased by the soldiers or issuedby the Red Cross and other agencies, will be made a part of the reg-! ular rations. On the recommendationof Gen. Pershing the War Department has decided upon this action.As soon as the new order goes intoeffect, which will be in a few 'days,there will be issued to each soldierof the American expeditionary forcesdaily four-tenths of a-n ounce ofsmoking tobacco and ten cigarettepapers. Certain other articles maybe substituted.The manner in which this fractionof an ounce will be issued has notbeen determined, but the Quartermaster is working out a plan.LEMON.Mrs. Lelia Hixon Lemon, a former resident of Paris, died last Sunday afternoon in a hospital in Covington, following an operation forappendicitis. Mrs. Lemon was thewidow of Mr. James Lemon, wellknown Louisville & Nashville engineer, who resided in Paris. Mr.Lemon was killed in the wreck of theJacksonville Special on the L. & N.near Bedford Station, in this county,several years ago. Mrs. Lemon ,wasa daughter of Mr. W. H. Hixson, whowas for many years engaged in thetobacco business in Paris, and a sister of Harvey Hixson, who was localmanager of the Postal Telegraphoffice in this city several years ago.BROWNING.The funeral of Mrs. HesterBrowning, who died at the home ofher daughter, Miss Elizabeth Browning, in Cynthiana, of paralysis, washeld at the residence in that cityTuesday afternoon at two o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. C.W. Elsey, assisted by Rev. J. D.Armistead. The funeral followed inthe Battle Grove Cemetery.Mrs. Browning was a sister of thelate Mrs. E. W. Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, and of Mrs. Belle Taylor, ofMillersburg. She is survived by twodaughters, Miss Elizabeth Browning,of Cynthiana, and Mrs. Henry Aufick,of Pendleton county, and two sons,Frank Browning, of Idaho, and Jas.Browning, of Oklahoma.BOYD.Dr. Jos. W. Boyd, a well-knowna-nd popular dentist of Cynthiana,died at his home in that city Tuesdaynight after an illness of severalweeks. He was" a member of theElks and Knights of Pythias lodgesof Cynthiana, and had many friendsand acquaintances here among themembers of those orders. He is survived by his widow, who was formerlyMiss Janie Oldham; his mother, Mrs.Emma Boyd;' two sisters, Mrs. JohnMcAllister, of New York, and Mrs.Daisy Rucker, of Cynthiana, and onebrother, Mr. Thomas Boyd, of California.. The funeral was held at the familyresidence in Cynthiana, yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted by Revs. C. W. Elsey andJ. D. Armistead. The burial tookplace in Battle 'Grove Cemetery.PIE SUPPER TO BE HELD AT LETTON SCHOOL HOUSE.In order to raise a fund of twentydollars to be devoted to the libraryfund of the school, a pie supper willbe given at the Letton school house,near Paris, -to-night. Everybody isinvited to attend amd a good time isassured to all who, will come."Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesGREAT BARGAINSvIN'SUMMERFOOTWEAROwing to our great purchasing system for our chain ofstores, we are in a position to offer to oui4 patrons the bestQualities and smartest styles ofMen's, Women's, Children'sShoes, Oxfords and PumpsAt Prices as Low as "Before the War Prices"Ladies beautiful PearlGrey, Havana Brown,Black and other leading colorsBootsOxfordsand Pumpsof the famous WalkOver and other makesat exceedingly lowprices.&-&&'C 2&M-)tteLadies' Gray Boots, Oxfords ijo jaand Pumps O. WLadies' Mahogany Tan Boots tQ QCand Oxfords yOmVoLadies' Black English Boots and (o qqOxfords y&mVVLadies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfords t qcand Pumps $1.30Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and p aaOxfords, Walk-Over $5.UUMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o jaOxfords, good makes $J.4JJMen's Gun Metal Button to Aa to O.Qand Lace Shoes $.4!f-$Z.9"Boys' Gun Metal Lace and i aa i taButton Shoes $l.U!f-$L79DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign" gParis' Greatest Shoe Storev