wyy5t. v.THENEWS,"UN-". v :PUBLISHED EVERY, TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,uVOLUME jXXXVi IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 2, 1918."""""""tt'rra i hi miw'.wpw !"BOURBON&?t?r4rIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Joliii Bedford, of near Paris,received a post card Saturday fromBis grandson, John C. Bedford, Jr.,stating that he had arrived safelyin France. Young Bedford has beenat Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss." ,Special work has been assigned bythe local Board to Mr. Clyde Calvert,of near Paris, at Camp Buell, theUniversity of Kentucky. Mr. Calvert,-who is an expert auto machinist, is amember of Jthe draft from Bourboncounty. He will be engaged in instructing a class in auto repairing,etc., at the University.Thomas Elder, son of Mr. and Mrs.j. V. Elder, of Paris, has volunteeredIn the service. He will leave withthe Bourbon county draftees in thenext call, going to Ft. Thomas.John (Dugan) Hennessey has beenaccepted for service in the army, andis here on waiting orders. He willbe assigned to railway work.Gano Terrill, formerly a resident ofLittle Rock, this county, who registered in Missouri for military service, has secured a transfer to Kentucky, and is now at Camp Taylor.Terrill says that even in the armyservice it is a great satisfaction toknow that you're with the Kentuckybeys, as it feels a little bit more likebeing "back home."Mr. Cliff C. Haddenl of near Paris,has received a copy of "The Starsand Stripes," the official newspaperpublished in France. The paper,which is of the issue of April 5, wassent Mr. Hadden by Sergt. CharlesW. Jackson, of the 497th AviationSquadron, in France. It is an excellent publication, full of interestingarticles concering the war and withmany details of camp life among theFrench and American soldiers.According to postcards receivedhere by relatives, Mr. Herbert M.King, of Paris, is now in an armyt in France. The cards statedthat he had landed safely, and wasnow a member of the American Expeditionary Force. King, who was amember of the first batch of drafteesfrom Bourbon county, was formerlyemployed at the restaurant of Ahearn& Burton.Mr. and Mrs.. John -T. CoJlins and.daughters, Misses Louise and MildredCollins, of North Middletown, spentSunday and yesterday at Camp Sherman, near Chillecother Ohio. Theywere guests of Lieut. William Collins,who will leave soon for duty withthe American army in France. Lieut.Collins was recently transferred fromCamp Zachary Taylor to Camp Sherman. Clifton Arnsparger, formerly withC B. Mitchell, came in last week ona furlough from Camp Wadsworth, mNew York, for a visit to his mother,Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger. He willreturn to camp next Thursday.Arnsparger reports conditions aiCamp Wadsworth as excellent. Likeall the Bourbon boys who have hadthe taste of military life, he is anxious and ready to be transferred toFrance and get in action. 'Dr H. M. Hamilton, of Paris,County Live Stock Inspector, whosome time ago was accepted as volunteer in the veterinary branch ofthe Medical Reserve Corps, has beenr.r.fifl nf nis transfer from thatcorps to the Veterinary Corps m theservice at Camp Greenleaf, Ft. Oglethrope, Ga. As soon as he can get hisbusiness affairs shaped up Dr. Hamilton will report for duty at CampGreenleaf.Six hundred Kentucky boys, including 150 from the Blue Grass,second class seamen in the naval reserve, who had been sent home uponbeing sworn into service, pendingpreparation of training headquarters,have been ordered into active ser-MUST GIVE PROPERTY VALUE ASOP JULY HRST.In accordance with the new Statetax laws all taxpayers of the city ofParis and the county of Bourbonmust 'come to the Assessor's office inthe court house and give their assessment as of July 1, according to thestatement made by Deputy AssessorJohn J. Redmon, of North Middletown, who returned Friday fromFrankfort, where he attended themeeting of the Tax Commissioners.According to Mr. Redmon, it wasindicated by the tax commission thatall assessments must be made thisyear on eighty-five per cent, of theactual value of the property or holdings assessed. This will cause an increase in this county of ten per cent,over the assessment of last year.Dogs are also to be assessed thisyear, and should any man have several dogs on his place belonging totenants and not declare them theywill be assessed as his property.Should he declare their ownership,they will be credited to the tenant,who will be required to pay theamount.Anyone who fails to report at theAssessor's office in the court house todeclare his assessment will be servedwith a notice and if then he shouldfail to appear the Assessor has theright to assess the property according to his own estimates.mmmLITTLE GIRL IN ACCIDENT.BOURBON COUNTY "PARENTS" AUTHOR OP "BEST OF . LUCK" BOURBON MAKES PINE FINISHFOR FRENCH ORPHANS.TAKES OWN LIFE IN NEW YORKLieut. Alexander McClintock, U. S.Those who have already adopted A., of Lexington, Ky., -attached toorphans are as follows: i Camp Dix, N. J., shot and killed him-RENEWALS: Mrs. H. C. Buckner selJ d n Us room at the Mur-j j -u,. , -r , , ray " Baths in New York, accord-and daughter, Miss Lucy Simms, Mrs. ing to police reports.E. F. Spears and daughters, Mrs. I Hejjwas found with a revolver inWoodford Spears, Catesby Spears, .his right hand a bullet wound in hisMen's Bible Class Presbyterian ' templ. The officer, in uniform, hadChurch, Hal C. Woodford, Mrs. B. M. I registered at the baths three days beRenick, Coleman Renick, Charlton j fore as "A. M. McClure, Camp Dix,Clay, Sam Clay, Ford Brent, Mr. n. J. but the police said papers andCatesby Woodford, Mrs. Catesby I letters found on him indicated he wasIN W. S. S. CAMPAIGNWoodford, .Mr. J. Miller Ward, Mrs.J. Miller Ward, Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Mrs.Lieut. McClintock. He wore the insignia of a First Lieutenant of infantry. Detectives began an investiga-Miss Helen Burden, five-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Burden, residing on the Frank P. Kiserfarm, near Paris, was seriously injured when the buggy in which sheand her parents were riding wasoverturned near the railroad stationat Kiserton. The little girl wascaught in the wheel, her hip broken,her leg fractured in two places, andher face and ankle lacerated. Herparents escaped injury. The littlegirl was taken to her home, whereher injuries were given medical attention. She continues in a seriouscondition.J. M. Hall, Mrs. J. D. Booth, Mrs. J. j tion to learn the reason for his sui-jci. inompson, v. a. x. society, rai- cide.Police were informed he was absentwithout leave from Camp Dix, NewJersey. While an officer from thecantonment was in the city searchingfor him he sent a bullet through histemple.Lieut. McClintock had been absentfrom Camp Dix almost a month, according to information received atpolice headquarters from the militaryguthorities. When found he stillclutched the revolver, while on a table nearby were two bottles whichhad contained a powerful sedative.W. S. S. WORKERS THANKEDChairman Silas E. Bedford, whowas in charge of the War SavingsStamps sale in this county during thelecent campaign, desires to extendhis thanks to the workers throughoutthe county, who labored so unceasingly for the success of the drive. Incommenting on the fact that Bourboncounty had again exceeded its quotaMr. Bedford said he "felt t&"at"the success of the movement was largely dueto the untiring efforts of his helpers.To Miss Elizabeth Steele and her assistants, to the precinct chairmen andtheir helpers, and to the newspapersof the city, he especially desires to extend thanks for their excellent workand gratifying results of their efforts.mer School, Mrs. Jesse Turney,Brinch Meinertz,-Men's Bible ClassChristian Church.NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS: MissKate Alexander, Mrs. Swift Champe,Mrs. BucknerWoodford,Duncan Avenue-children, Nell Clay, treasurer,Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Mrs. AlbertHinton, Misses Mary Clay and SallieLockhart, Mis. W. T. Redmon, Withers Davis, J. W. Davis, Dr. W. C.Ussery, Mrs. C. G. Daugherty, Mrs.J. A. Lyle, Mrs. E. T. Hinton, Mrs.J. J. Williams, David Cline, GeorgeBatterton, T. H. Clay, Jr., J. M.Russell, Mrs. C. M. Clay, Mrs. J. W.Ferguson, (Shawhan), Jas. Caldwell,W. A. Thomason, Mr. and Mrs. Ed.Burke, Mrs. W. B. Ardery, Mrs. J.T.Brown, Mrs. Frank M. Clay, Mrs. F.A. Wallis, Charlton Clay, Mrs. T. H.Tarr, Mrs. J. L. Dodge, S. BrooksClay, Jack Brennan, Elizabeh Whitley, Miss Elizabeth Steele, Mrs. TomBuckner, Surgical Dressing Class,Peale Collier, Men's Bible Class Presbyterian Church, Clay Sutherland,Harry Holt and sister, John T.Collins; $75 was subscribed by 15members of the Men's Bible Class ofthe Christian Church; and the following members of the same classhave also taken children: J. T.Redmon, J. W. Bell and J. M. Scott,G. W. Wyatt and H. L. Baldwin,Whittington Mann and F. J. Savage,John L. Soper and L." J. Fretwell,D. G. Taylor, E. T. Hinton, J. T.Hinton, R. F. Clendenin and L. D.Harris, Mrs. J. S. Roberts, Mrs. SamClay, Mrs. John Mason Williams.Mrs. J. S. Roberts, Mr .Jesse Turney, Mr. Will Mclntyre, Mrs. AllieDickson, Housekeepers Class, NorthMiddletown; JVIrs. J. W. Jones, Mrs.Redmon Talbott, Mr. and Mrs. Aylette Buckner, Mrs. W. M. Rogers,Dr. H. M. Boxley, Millersburg; Mr.W. T. Buckner, Woodford Buckner,H. A. Power Mrs. Wm. Myall, Mrs.E. R.Bradley, Lexington, JT; Mrs.John C. Clay, Mrs. Harry B. Clay,Miss Frances Clay, Mr. Jas. O'Brien,Mrs. Nellie S. Highland, Mrs. JamesMcClure, Methodist Sunday School,Women's Bible Class, PresbyterianChurch.Chairman, Mrs. A. B. Hancock;Secretary, Mrs. M. H. Dailey; Treasurer, W. W. Mitchell.After many days of almost unceasing activity, duiing which theworkers in the city and county hardly gave a thought to their personalcomfort and welfare, the campaignfor the sale of War Savings Stampscame to a close Friday night, in whatmight have been called "a blaze ofglory," had there been any need fora rhetorical bombardment. But it!was simply the finish of a month ofwell-directed effort, hustling, and the-earnest work of the women of Parisand Bourbon county, to whom mostof the credit for the success of thecampaign is due. The drive closedwith a total subscription of nearly$400,000 pladged, going far over thequota assigned to the county of$394,240.Through the columns of the localpress the people have been kept advised of the progress of the campaign from time to time, and they areSTATE EPWORTH LEAGUE CLOGES ANNUAL MEETING.,"4.Lieutenant Alexander McClintock j weil aware by this time of the factwas born October 19, 1893, the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. John McClintock, of Lexington. He is survivedby his parents and two brothers,Robert J. McClintock, a graduate ofPrinceton, who left college to sellfor France and is now serving in theAmerican army in France, and JohnMcClintock, Jr., who is in the GoodSamaritan Unit on his way to France,and two sisters, Laura and Maud McClintock. .The funeral will be held in ChristChurch Cathedral, in Lexington, at4:30 o'clock this afternoon, with services conducted by Rt. Rev. BishopLouis W. Burton. The burial willfollow on the family lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The active pallbearers will be four army officerswho accompanied the body from NewYork. The honorary pall-bearerswill be S. C. Stofer, Desha Breckinridge, John R. Allen, Roger D. Williams, Samuel H. Halley, E. L. Hutchison, Chas. A. Todd and Chas. A.Berryman.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 2 ThedaBara, in "DuBarry," the story of thegreatest adventuress in the histor ofFrance;-also Pearl White and Antonio Moreno, in the fourteenth episode of "The House of Hate'.". To-morrow, Wednesday, July 3Sessue Hayakawa, in "The WhiteMan's Law," also Luke comedy,"Kicked Out," and Pathe News No.47.Thursday, July 4 Clara KimballYoung and her own company, in"The House of Glass;" also Mutt andJeff comedy and Pathe News No. 46.enlisted andvice.Cavarql Trnin Paris,,. oo-ntorf a late as Saturdaymorning. Those who will enter theservice are: Harry R. Eckler, R. .D. 4 'Paris, farmer, assigned tosteam engineering department,Hiram L. Adair, Paris, farmer assigned to steam engineering .department; Joseph E. Garnett, Pans R. .D. 7, nvulder's trade, assigned .tosteam engineering department; kodi.M. Adair', Paris, machine tool worker,assigned as second-class seaman.A letter from Mr. C. Landen Templin, of Paris, to his mother, Mrs. i.T. Templin, in this city, rom tfifGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,dated June 27, says in part:"I am at present doing guard d uty.There are four men appointed Dyourbarracks chief each day, whose dutyis to watch the barracks. Each mangoes on watch for two hours and thenis off six hours. My watch is from11:00 p. m. tol:00 a. m., J:00 a m.to 9:00 a. m., 3:00 p. m. to 5.00 p.m Things are running Preixysmoothly up here just now. -"" "boys like it (guess they have to.)Our bunch got 'shot' to-day, so wewon't have very much to do tomorrow. To-morrow is clean-up day, anaSaturday wijl be inspection day. weUve Saturday afternoon and Sundayto do anything we wish to do m thecamp. We all have to go to churchon Sunday I ant you to sendme THE BOURBON NEWS untilSeptember, as I think I will he awayon activeduty, which is taken to mean that weare likely to be transferred to someother camp. Anyway, I want thepaper like the man in Texas wanteda gun My new address is nowCompany 303, Eighth Regiment, Barracks 844 South, Camp Decatur,Great Lakes, Illinois."Private Louis Tinder, son of Rev.Frank M. Tinder, of North Middletown, who was operated on some timeago at Camp Lee, Va., is reported asbeing greatly improved. ' A letter tolelatives in North Middletown, fromPrivate Flournoy Hagan, who is atCamp Devens, in Massachusetts,states that he is in excellent healthand is pleased with his work. Haganis in the topographical work with the602d U. S. Engineer Corps, at theCamp.A letter to THE NEWS from Kimbrough Duvall, of Paris, writtenfrom Camp Mills, New York, underdate of June 27, says:"We arrived here Friday night ina big rainstorm, and believe me, wesurely did get soaked good. Thiscamp is much larger than the one atChester, Pa. There are about 80,000 here now. Two regiments leftlast night for a trip across the bigpond. They are leaving and comingin by the thousands every week.Most all of the men who go overseascome here to be equipped for theirocean trip, and for their future service m France, xney very seiuumkeep them here longer than ten days."The Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit is here. I see Doug Clay, TomPrichard, John Moran and BaldwinWoods every day. They are lookingfine, and anxious to cross the oceanand get into action The 61stInfantry pulled in here Tuesday with"Red Burnett, of Paris, in the bunch.They are going over soon,"I guess John McNamara and myself are 'out of luck,' for we will stayhere on military police duty. I wantto go over, but I guess I will have tofeel satisfied with the excitement Iget on my M. P. job. The rest ofthe Paris bunch that left with usare down in New Jersey somewhere.I think they are doing guard duty.This military police job is a real softnnft. I am on duty six hours and offforty-two hours. They 'don't issuevery many passes but I can get byfriends of the M. P. without muchtrouble. I am going over to New Yorkto-morrow night to look 'em over.We came through there, but, we traveled in subways most of the time, soI din't get to see much of the bigcity. Well, is is almost time xui'taps' so I will have to close. Ourpresent address is Co. F., 50th Infantry, Camp Mills, Long Island, Newin miNETTLETON SHOESAre KnownFrom CoastTo CoastjWe are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. They haveno equal when it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for.every dollar spent.LOW CUT SHOESIn. Tans and Blacks, Light WeightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf StocksFor the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wearthe Torsic last, made only by Nettleton, Built so as toallow perfect ease and comfort when your feet are in theshoes.Buy Your Shoes From Our. Store and Be Satisfied !Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe sold only by us. LTheshoe made with the soft, velvet-like cushion sole the onlyshoes for the man with tender feet.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREthat every prediction made as to theultimate result of the campaign hasbeen fully verified. Bourbon has upheld its reputation for, successfulprosecution of war activity movements.The big feature of the closing daywas the parade in the afternoon preceding the mass-meeting at the courthouse. The parade under the direction of Grand Marshal RudoplhDavis, was a distinct success, wellmanaged and having many noble features. The order of parade was asfollows: Grand Marshal and staff;Paris police; Red Cross ambulances,with Red Cross nurses and surgeonsattending a "wounded soldier;" Women horseback riders, led by Mrs.James Thompson, Jr.; Red Crossgirls carrying large American flag;men on horseback; Paris Fire Department, auto fire truck and policepatrol; automobile float representingneed of wheat "over there;' city andcounty officials in automobiles; citizens in automobiles. The parade disbanded at the court house.At three o'clock a large crowdgathered at the court house, whereafter the rendition of a number ofvocal selections by the Boatright Orchestra and the Liberty .Chorus, andthe invocation by Rev. W. B. Ellis,jof the Paris Christian church, CountyChairman S. E. Bedford introducedthe principal ' speaker of the afternoon, Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Miaaietown unanauchurch. Mr. Tinder delivered an eloquent address along the lines of theWar Savings Stamps campaign,which thrilled and pleased his largeaudience. The speaking was followedby selections by the Liberty Chorus.At the suggestion of Mr. A. B. Hancock, Chairman of the Bourbon County Council of Defense, a vote ofthanks was extended to ChairmanBedford, Chairman Elizabeth Steele,and their assistants, whose unselfishand untiring work for the movementwas amply attested in the resultposted up, showing that Bourbon hadftxceeded its allotment by over $14,-000 The benediction was then pronounced by Rev. Mr. Tinder, and thebig crowd dispersed. 'Although the campaign practicallyclosed Friday night the demand forstamps still continued so strong, thatby Saturday night the supply ofstamps became "-exhausted and thecommittee was forced to telegraph toWashington for a rush order. Mrs.Harry Simon, of Lexington and Paris,was the latest one to be enrolled onthe Honor Roll of the limit people,making a total of 274.Tho following is a complete listof "those who made the Honor Roll$1,000:John L. Soper.W. W. Hall.Mrs. Cordelia Offutt.J. M. Brennan. 'E. P. Claybrook.A. B. Hancock.j. W. Bristow.C. Doyle.Mrs. C. E. Clare.N. F. Brent.J. C. Nickerson.B. B. Marsh.Ann M. M. Talbott.Mrs. Pattie W. White.Thos. Tobin.T. J. Harney.j. C. Beatty.Mrs. Lucy Beatty.Will Tobin. "(Continued from Page 2.)hamilton"giiari)S to give aLAWN EETE.KYir the nurnose of assisting in avery laudable war activity, the youngwomen composing xne nammuuGuards, of this city, assisted by a,-k. nf fhpir friends, will give alawn fete on the lawn at tne noni uMrs. Kate Mann, on I'leaaant bwto-morrow night, the weather permitrefreshments will be served, and aplaylet.will be given, entitled Mucn. . L . . j -.Ti.T.i . ai mi acton feeAdO ADOUl 1NOUU1UB. -cx --of fifteen cents will he- charged. Theproceeds will be devoted to the benefitof the French Orphans and the RedPmeo fiinJc "Everybody is invited to1 come and have an enjoyable eveningAfter one of the largest and moatsuccessful sessions in its history, tb .ninth annual assembly of the Kea-tucky Conference, Epworth League,came-to a close Friday night, at Har-5rodsburg. 'The sessions were held in theMethodist church, of which Rev. M.S. Clark is the pastor. The excellentthree-days' program, which had beenpreviously announced was carried out 'in every detail and the entire conference sessions were presided over byMr. Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, Staterpresident.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Paris, wasagain chosen for the presidency being?unanimously elected on motion. Imaddition, the conference passed aresolution honoring their presidentby naming him a delegate from Kentucky to the great Southern Assem- -blyof Methodism, to be held at Lake 'Junaluska, "In the Land of the Sky,"North Carolina, July 14 to 21, with ;all expenses paid.The officers elected were as fol- "lows:President Dennis V. Snapp, ParislVice-President G P. Fisher, Mil-?lersburg.Secretary Miss Elizabeth. Clark,Harrodsburg.Treasurer Miss Lois Hall, Lexington.Junior Superintendent Miss Virginia Boggs, Nicholasville.Reporter Miss Drusie Frakes,. Carlisle.Epworth Era Agent Miss Kather-ine Reeves, Shelbyville.The President appointed the following district secretaries:Covington District Mr. P. C. Regan, Covington.Danville District Miss Lula Anold,Wilmore.Frankfort District J. I. Hall,Jackson.Lexington District Miss Lillian:Boggs, Lexington.Maysville District Miss BettieShaw, Carlisle.Shelbyville District Miss Pearl JWingfield, LaGrange. V. ' tSThe beautiful banner of the conference was awarded to the St. Luke'sCovington Chapter as the most efficient League in "the Conference. TheScott Street, Covington, Winchesterand Carlisle were the contending IChapters.The handsome service flag was or- ""dered placed in the custodianship ofthe League having the largest percent of soldiers in the service beingbased upon the present enrolled mem- .bership. The Lexington Park Are-nue Epworth League was declaredthe honor chapter, with 38 per cent.The Paris Chapter has the largestactual number of boys in the ser- 'vice, a total of 32, some of wliom arenow on the firing line in France.The flag will first be displayed atLake Junaluska, North Carolina, atthe great Southern Assembly uf Epworth Leagues of the United States.Winchester extended an invitationfor the tenth assembly tobe held inthat city and was chosen for the 1919conference, by unanimous consent.Those attending the conferencefrom Paris were: Mr. and Mrs. S. T.Chipley, Mrs. Janie Current, Miss -Lena Cooper, Misses Ina Mattox, Eli- ,zabeth Wheeler, Frances Hancockand Sara Power.tS JSfcCELEBRATING THE TOURTHYou ought to celebrate it by getting real comfort in Summer clothes.Our Palm Beach Suits will show youhow ?13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoaft ainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)REAL ESTAp DEALS.Mr. Bernard Santen, who leftlast ""Friday for Camp Zachary Taylor, as, -a member of the Bourbon countydraftees, sold his handsome residence''on High street to Mr. James H.Shropshire, of near Leesburg, at aprice not given out for publication.Mr. Shropshire presented the home asa gift to his daughter, Mrs. CarleyWilmoth. The sale was made throughthe Paris Realty Company.Auctioneer Mr. F. Kenney sold atpublic auction Saturday afternoon'for Mr. George W. Stuart, executorof the estate of Mr. William T. Fick- .len, deceased, the two-story brickjbuilding on Main street, adjoining"the Simms property. The propertywas purchased by Mr. Wm. Lyle, presumably acting for Mr.. EdwardSimms, for $5,925. The Simms heirsown the adjoining property occupiedby A. F. Wheeler & Co. It is notknown what will be done with theproperty, but rumor has it that Mr.Simms contemplates replacing thebuilding with a modern hotel building. The old house was built loag'before the Civil War, and, besidpassing through the stress of wind 4and weather, has successfully stoodseveral fires and the condemnation ofthe Building Inspector.A frame cottage on West Eighth,street, owned by Lexington partiea,was sold at private sale last week toMr. and Mrs. Walter Martin for aprice not given out for publication.The property, which adjoins the hoof Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler, kasbeen occupied for a year by Mr. nl."Mrs, Martin. They will alter andvI improve the home this suBuatr. -MWiV.;tillHtAt'SIVImit.Si1untrom here -by that time,IK!ys.i Wwi ttKjmmmme&mn -i -.irr-- f "i " ";1THE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KY.TUESDAY, JTJLT S, 11.TWO-.&-!ifiUf!aH1Vm BOURBON NEIS!&&flSS;ihed 188136 Years of Continuous Publicationed Everv Tuesday and FridayYear. . $2.00 6 Months. . $1.00Payable In Adavance.9MttFT CHAMP, -Editor and Owner.Aa& erroneous reflection upon thethrnf"" standing or reputation otixmmf econ, firm or corporation -whichramr pear in the columns of THEJ3WOTB0N NEWS will be gladly cor-L:1C brought to attention oi tneADVERTISING RATESJmmtf&y Advertisements, $1.00 perj9mab.ec first time; 50 cents per inchiHiffc. .tFTTrrfinrnt insertion.""""mfefTir Notices, 10 cents per linemdk. issue; reading notices in blackfty ?.n cents per line, each issue.S3xs of thanks, calls on candi-, obituaries and resolutions, aimir .matter, 10 cents per line.-Special rates for large aaveruse----nrT vearlv contracts.'ictik 'rteht of Dublisher is reserved"j&4epik& any advertisement or othertT,Bfsr lor publication.AMSLOuncements for political officesSMMt invariably be accompanied byTt 1. . I . . I4as4-- inis paper lias ciiuauiriih the 'government mtheesase of America for theqperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Day We Celebrate."Efee Fourth of July is the time setipart to declare, celebrate and pro"nialgate the day of our National independence, when we are called upontsw fi&ig out banners to the breeze,S nr patriotism bubble over like-3msm bubbles from a clay pipe, ourTwgctG resound with "My Country,""TrSe'-of Thee," "The Red, White andTTiii i . ""Over There," "We're Going"ONBcr7 "The Girl I Left Behind Me,"...jmJ. r other now famous patriotic3EKchis good year of 1918 the cele"fesXSon will be somewhat subdued,-vcwirig. to the ever-present realization-vtaflf 'fce terrible war being waged in"3Beiope for the preservation of civilwc&aon -and humanity, and so many of-smtarlsoys are "over there" helping in' :3e -work. It may have been fitting.that noise and general jollifica-abandonment to making asqptaffcer" were prominent features of49fes fourth of July of the days of notTfcragrago, but we have now descended-ttrfrfen troublous times, when hearts- acre loWed down, but o one's patri-aSQsn the less. We have now reach-asi -ronv -manhood days, and we mustISi? -- -aisft xway the rattles and romps of' 3kt Conner days, and consider and-.aaect' as becomes those who have"-Mached maturity, and from whomt "QS3 -world rightfully expects and de' wsam3s performance and resulting? rmz&ioT humanity." ' Shere are clouds overhead, at"Jmhqb and abroad. There are con-- -visions threatening beneath our" MmL. "We are in the midst of storms.lwH;Axhere is a way out. And on the.rS1oribus "Fourth" let us quietly cel-.p-sfcCTtfe-by remembering with a prayerKlor && safety Of those boys fromifikisa-ailQ other cities and counties'ifer'have given up almost their all' cstengo-over the ocean and fight our' x&ftCtles. Let selfishiness take a back. smX this time.The' Fourth of July will have an-wadded -significance this year from the-'3jsict "Stat France, Italy, England andt Eher of the Allied countries will alsooilebrate the day. It has become toKhem fraught with a significance it" C&as mever before attained because offe presence on foreign soil of3kyusands of American troops, whoTat fraternizing with their allies, haveTfcelped to teach them the common--striving for the same end to coneer in the name of freedom for all,"fcrmanity and civilization."Wiith these considerations placedtfcefore us let us here in Paris, Ky.,v devote a little portion of our timeaxt Thursday to praying for the suc-cess of those devoted Americans,British, French, Italians who arestruggling near Paris, France, and to"feope that the coming of the next" Sfcnrth of July will witness a war-t 3rn world at peace." Effects of Good Beading." XJhildhood is tiuly the time to ac-vafoife knowledge; a healthy child is-ft-ew'stlll or idle: Every moment heb wake he is" learning something.JEca& all his knowledge of the world is'.Mome count them, but he learns'Wkat he is told, from what he sees,aaost, as we guess we all do fromxoMftng. Before he knows one letterfrom another he will look at picturesftor an hour at a time and if he can-a anv one to read or tell him aboutfirat he sees, his tongue is as busyrmm "his yee. His little brain must&& jEcme thinkingto keep both mem-v wSau,to read, if he is not provided withreading material, there are ony twoways for him to do, either to findbooks and papers for himself, or tospend his time in some other way. Aswhat a child reads has such powerover his whole life, it is very important that parents be careful aboutwhat their children read. If a tasteor desire for reading or study is notformed early in life it is probable itnever will be, or if a passion for theworthless, sensational print be acquired it will be difficult to eradicatesuch a desire. Negligence or thoughtlessness of parents on this questionis often the cause of lifelong regret.The Negro As Soldier and AsCitizen.The other Gay General Pershingtook occasion to commend the distinguished bravery of two negro soldiers. About the same time therecame to our office an interesting report of the negro farmer boys' clubwork in Virginia and some figuresas to the good work done in the seventeen counties of that State inwhich negro agents are conductingdemonstration work.Discussion, of the negro and thenegro problem has been endless, but Iit is time for all of us to recognizea few facts:One is, that the American negro isreally patriotic, that he is a trueAmerican, and that he can be developed not only -into a good soldier,but into a good citizen. Not everynegro, of course, but the general majority of them.Another is, that the foundation ofsuch development must be educationtraining and that the foundationof that' education must be industrialefficiency. The writer has not a bitof sympathy with the point of viewthat would neglect to teach the negroto read and write lest he "get out ofhis place," but he does firmly believethat even more, if possioie, man ioread and write, the average negroneeds to be taught to work steadily,to save his money and to realize thevalue of absolute honesty in inbusiness dealings.Be a BoosterThe American Lumberman hassome timely advice on this subjectthat is as applicable on this subjectthat is as applicable in Paris as anywhere else. It says that if you wantto see this town grow you should remember that you are a part of it andthat its growth depends as much onyou as on your neighbors. Don't getthe idea that the future prosperityof this town rests with a few, for itis the business of the many. Aboveall, don't criticize those who arebuilding up the community and donothing yourself. They at least havethe proper spirit and just as long asyou deny them your support, justthat much harder their work will be.Be a booster for the town and lendyour co-operation to those who hadthe nerve to start first. It is nevertoo early to start and it is never toolate to begin.BOUBBON MAKES FINE FINISHIN W. S. S. CAMPAIGN( Continued from Page 1)E. T. Hinton.Mrs. Annie C. James.H. O. James.Bradley & Brannon.Spears & Sons.Woodford Spears.Maury Willis.Thos. Henry Clay.W. H. McMillan.John M. Steele.J. H. Thompson.W. B. Ardery.S. S. Hinkson.Mrs. S. S. Hinkson. 'S. E. Bedford. .J. T. Collins.Gano Hildreth.Amos Turney.Frank M. Clay.Mrs. Frank M. Clay.Cash.Thomas Bristow.Catherine Murphy.W. R. Tuttle.Mrs. T. H. Tarr.A. D. Leach.G. M. Burberry.Mary Murphy.Dan Isgrigg.Mrs. Elizabeth Jameson.J. Hal Woodford.Charlton A. Clay.Dan Peed.J. T. Judy.Cliff Gillispie.Allie G. Jones.Henry S. Caywood.Mrs. Rebecca Simms.W. D. Mclntyre.Leo. Wheeler.Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill.Samuel Clay.George Redjmon.Mrs. J. W. Bacon.Cash.Luther Brierly. ,W. Ed. Tucker.J. D. Davis.Allen Current.W. K. Dudley.Julian Frank.Edward Field. ,W. T. Bryan.Edw. W. Brent. , .Charles Stephens. -Noah Gray.Mary Gray.Milton Gray. fWalter Gray.Martin Gray. .Wallace Gray. ' ?Mary Huffman.K. D. Burroughs.Dr. Boxley.M.'C. Sweeney.Mrs. S. E. Bedford:J. W. Young, Sr.Nettie Kimbrough. -" ;Eli Hedgcock. s,T. W. Mitchell. , rMrs. T. W. MitchelU .Iifr&iiMrs. Elizfabeth ReVfclci .Coleman Renick. ' "B.M. Renick.Richard F. Caywood.J F. Weatherall.j7 W. Jacoby. .,.J. J. Savage.Walter Beatty.T. H. Clay, Jr. 4L. M. VanHook.D. S. Henry.Wm. Tankersley.Aradell Caldwell.T. J. Redmon. , .Walker Buckner.Cary Field Clay.Dr. H. M. Hamilton.Mrs. Nellie Smith.J. L. & V. K. Dodge.Cash.Frank Current.Dr. M. H. Dailey.Mrs. Edsell Clark. . ,r,J. Miller Ward. -1Mr. Edsell Clark.Tilford Burnett.Mrs. Will W. Gay.W. M. Rogers.W. S. Jones & Sons. ,fcMrs. James Carroll Bryan. AW. F. Bryan.Miss Aileen Clark.Miss Mary Emma Clark.Edsell Clark, Jr.John M. Clay.John Woodford.Dr. Raymond McMillan.A. L. Stephenson. ,Orrin Estes.G. V. Shipp.Thomas Henry Clay III.Mrs. Allie Dickson.' E. K. Thomas, Jr.W. P. Thomas.Mrs. A. G. Jones.Miss Lena Jones.Dr. C. B. Smith.Ben Woodford, Sr.Kate Alexander.W. B. Wills.Farmer Bank, Millersburg.John Leer.Mrs. Sallie W. Spears.Miss Mary Spears.Miss4 Elizabeth Spears.Mr. Ksith Spears.Joe Leach.Ed Burke.J. E. Boardman.Geo. Jones.Bruce Miller.Sam Houston. xCal. Jones.James Caldwell.Sam Harding.Eliz. Caywood.C. K. Thomas.Edgar Dodge.A. S. Thompson.Pearce Paton.NOTICE!Bids Received Up UntilNoon, July 5, 1918,on BuildingSanitarySewersParis, Bourbon County,Kentucky.Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Mayor of Paris, Bourbon Count y, Kentucky, up until 12o'clock, noon,JULY 5, 1918,for the furnishing of materials andconstructing a system of sewer ofabout two miles of pipe ranging from8 inches to 15 inches in diameter,together with manholes and necessary appurtenances.Alternate bids will be received forthis improvement, viz:FIRST For furnishing of all laborand materials to complete the work.SECOND For furnishing the necessary labor (hauling all materialsfrom the railroad siding to the siteof the work), teaming, tools, etc,and making the necessary excavation,laying pipe, constructing manholes,etc.THIRD For furnishing all materials, sewer pipe, iron pipe, cement,brick, etc., F. O. B. cars, Paris, Bourbon County, Ky.Each bid must be accompanied by acertified check payable to the City ofParis, Ky., for a sum of 5 of theamount of the bid. Certified checksaccompanying rejected proposals willi be returned.If any proposal be accepted theparty or parties making the sameshall execute the contract and furnish the required bond, satisfactoryto the City of Paris, within ten (10)days after receiving notice. For failure so to do, the certified check whichaccompanied the proposals will beforfeited to the City of Paris.All bids shall be in accordance withthe plans and specifications for thework on file at the office of 'the Mayorat Paris, Ky., and at the office of J.A. Stewart, Civil Engineer, No. 1,113Traction Building, Cincinnati, Ohio,from whom copies of said plans andspecifications may be obtained bymaking a deposit of $5.00 whichamount will be refunded upon re-Jturn of same on or before the 15 dayof June, 1918.The City of Paris, Ky., reservesthe right to reject any part of a proposal or any and all proposals.(Signed) tB. B. JANUARY,A.Myor.nTM-wnrrtfi.Wmt Houston. 1 'GeW.CUy.Fielding; Rogers. A k " cBourbon' LojageNo 23,4lf Of 0. F.Janies Wilmbtt.E. B. Sparks."Mrs. Catesby Woodford.C. C. Larue and sisters.R. F. Clendenin.J. H. Roseberry.Hiram Roseberry.Mr. and Mrs. John Williams.Mrs. 'Mabel R. Frank.Martin Doyle.Mitchell & Blakemore.Mrs. W. B. Woodford.Mrs. Jennie Perkins.J. M. Hall.S. R. Burris.Catesby Spears.G. L. Leach. ' tW. W. Anderson.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay.Mrs. Gano Hildreth.D. P. Hume.Mrs. Margaret Woods.Mrs. Blanche Morehead.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.Alex Miller.Oscar R. Rankin.Layson Tarr.Cash.W. P. Shanklin.A. B. Lovell.Mrs. Ollie K. Lovell.Cash. iA. P. Adair.H. D. Campbell.J. H. Ewalt.Mrs. Mamie Parker.Lucille Caywood.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Redmon.Mrs. T. H. Clay,-Sr.Mrs. Wm. Sauer.Brice Steele.Jesse Turney.Marston Bros.James Russell.W. P. Wornall and mother.W. W. Kenney.Clarence Kenney.J. D. Ockerman.Aylette Buckner.John G. Redmon.Robert Collins.F. M. Fister.Mrs. Sam Clay.Mrs. Winnie Ford. XM. Hume Payne.Mrs. Rosa Ashurst.Woodford Buckner.C. P. Mann.Harry Ogden.Mrs. Kate Bryan.Mrs. Elizabeth Sloan.Mrs. T. J. Harney.W. C. Endicott.Mrs. Luciecus Morehead.Lucieus Moreland.Rufus Butler.Miss Nannie Burris.Mrs. Wm. Tarr.A. L. McDuffy.Stephen F. Bacon.Horace S. Bacon.Mrs. W. O. Shropshire.Mrs. W. H. Shropshire.Mrs. Elizabeth Clark.Mrs. Myrtle Wills.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard.John T. Hinton.L. V. Haggin.Mrs. W. P. Thomas.John Blake.J. W. Judy.Mrs. Sallie B. Hedges.LET'SWHEN you buy a season ticket to the Chautauquaqua yob are borrowing brains and buying power.You are investing two dollars in what it has cost themen arid wbmen who bring it to you lifetimes of endeavor. FCMTtWOOOLLARS YOU GET THE PRODUCT of the organizing genius shown inthe successes of such attractions as the Navassar Orchestral Band and Cecilian Chorus, thebuilding of which have taken a long time. You hear famous song birds in the programs onwhich they have builded their fame.' You get the product of the musical studies to whichthese musical artists have devoted their lives.FOR TWO DOLLARS YOU GET THE MUSICAL ARTISTRY of many othersBlack's European Orchestra, one of the best in America; the Royal Hawaiian Singers andPlayers; De Vito, the wonderful Piano-Accordionist.FOR TWO DOLLARS YOU GET THE ENTERTAINMENT ARTISTRY of De Jeu,the master magician; Pearl O'Neil, the Canadian Reader, to the development of whose programs years have been given.FOR TWO DOLLARS YOU GET THE USE of the brain of Jay .William Hudson, whohas studied and observed a lifetime that you may profit; of Gabriel Maguire, the great explorer; the inspiration of Roland A. Nichols, who. has seen life that he may interpret it foryou; the privilege of listening to Capt. Hobson, one of our greatest Americans; and GeorgeE. Pearson, the soldier; the joy of contact with the minds of Seeds, McCord and others.AND ITS ALL YOURS FOR TWO DOLLARS. For a few cents a session (for yourseason ticket is good for the 12 sessions of the Chautauqua) you can Borrow Brains andBuy Power.DO IT TODAY ! GET THAT SEASON TICKET !PARIS CHAUTAQUAJULY 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11thE. T. HINTON, SecretaryMrs. Wmf A. primes.Mrs. Woodford SpearaftW. T. Bucknef."Mrs. Redmon 'Talb'ott;-'Mrs. F. PrEbwry?Mrs. M. L. S. WJaite.John Harris Clay.Mr. A. G. Moffett.Mrs. Sue Sandusky.Mr. James S. Clark.Cash (name withheld.)Mrs. James McClure.Hugh Ferguson.Wm. Fitzgerald.J. L. Leach.'Cassius M. 'Clay.Louis W. Taylor.Chas. N. Pedicord.J. C. Keller.Richard Gregory.William M. Talbott.H. Clay Bedford.Denis Dundon.. Mrs. Patty C. Endicott.Crouch & McDaniel.J. Andrew Hutsell..Delivery Truck ForSale.Vim Delivery Truck for sale. Lastof our stock. Will be sold at greatreduction. Call on or addressFRANKLIN MOT6R CO.,(28-3t) Lexington, Ky.For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., .Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.PUBLIC SALEBusiness PropertyOn Wednesday, July 3, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, we will sell at public auction, for H. J. Grosche,the following described property:This property will be sold separately and then as a whole and thebest bid or bids accepted.No. 1. Two-story brick business house on the corner of Eighthand High Streets; front room 27x16 feet, and two back rooms.No. 2. Two-story brick business house on High Street, 21x52 feet.These houses have concrete floors and are absolutely rat proof.Nos. 3 and 4. Two lots facing 22 feet on Eighth Street, extendingback 50 feet. On one of these lots is a small brick house, formerly usedas a restaurant and readily rents for $10 per month.This property Is admirably located for all kinds of business, beingone of the best cash business stands in Paris.The vacant lots are especially desirable as sites for business houses,being centrally located.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years. Deferredpayments bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum until paid.HARRIS(21-4t)TALKFor Sale.Good second-hand Milwaukee Binder. First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb. Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf)For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.For RentModern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wooLMUNICH & WDDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)& SPEAKESSOMEVv?TUESDAY, JULY 2, ISIS.fjyy i 'i -ji.ftWT-WX4Y.Some Paris People Have learnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to he overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warning of kidney weakness. Why riskyour life by neglecting these symptoms? Reach the cause of thetrouble while there yet is time begin treating your kidneys at oncewith a, tried and proven kidney remedy. No need to experiment Doan'sKidney Pills have been successfullyused in thousands of cases of kidneytrouble for over 50 years. Doan'sKidney Pills are used and recommended throughout the civilizedworld. Endorsed at home. ReadParis testimony.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 EighthSt., says: "Sojine few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaint"Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv.)MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.PATJillOTIC XlT.T.T.l-R ATKHT. jfY K..OF P. WEEK ftg JJPLY 1-6.The Knights of Pythias, which at theoutbreak of the war was among thefirst of fraternal organizations to begin"active, war work, will hold a patrioticcelebration in every subordinate lodgein the United States and Canada, during the week of July 1-6.The organization, although one of theyoungest American fraternal societies,is one of the strongest. The order hasjust passed its fifty-fourth anniversarybut it boasts of a membership of overthree-quarters of a million. There areover 7,400 subordinate lodges in NorthAmerica.Under a proclamation issued by JohnJ. Brown, Supreme Chancellor, allthese lodges will celebrate during thefirst weefe in July! The conventionswill be intensely patriotic, with addresses, stirring music,and a ceremonywritten for thV occasion, exemplifyingthe coming together of the flags.The K. of P. Order has made largecontributions to the war. More than50,000 of its younger members are inthe service. Many members of theUniform Rank are officers in the American and Canadian armies. The Orderis now raising a large war relief fundto care for the dependents of soldiersand to meet any need of the soldierhimself, in thiscountry or over seas.The Pythian Sisters, an auxiliary tothe K. of P. Order, with a membershipof oyer 200,000, has raised over 100,000dollars for war work, and in nearlyevery local organization there is established a working unit for Red Crosssewing. 'The Insurance Department of theOrder was the first fraternal insurancesociety to purchase Liberty Loan Bonds.This department has purchased $650,000of these bonds. The Order itself haspurchased $100,000 of bonds, and theKnights of Khorassan purchased $25,000Practically every Subordinate Lodgeowns from $100 to $10,000 worth ofGovernment bonds.The Insurance Department has during the last forty years paid to widowsand orphans of rr embers approximately$44,000,000, and is now providing protection to over 70,000 Pythian households. The K. of P. Order and Department have paid out over one hundredrt illion dollars in welfare work duringthe first half century of their existence.The Knights of Pythias Order, whichis often referred to as the great American Order of Friendship, was founded inWashington, D. C, in February, 1864.Its strongest claim is its patriotic devotion and loyalty to country. Everylodge in the Supreme Domain is opened with a thrilling flag ceremony andclosed in the same manner.Last July a patriotic celebration washeld, and among other things resultedin the contribution of many thousanddollars to the Red Cross.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWAR-TIMEHEED FORWALNUTBLACKColonel Henry S. Graves, Chief ofthe Forest Service, has written tothe Boy Scouts setting forth theneed for the census of black walnuttrees which President Wilson hasasked the Scouts to undertake. Fouror five propellers are required forteach airplane, the Chief Forresterpoints out, and since black walnut isscarce and Only the best grade can beused for this purpose, it is importantthat the Government should knowimmediately the location of all available supplies. Walnut is also thechief wood used for gunstocks, andthese two requirements, ColonelGraves says, make it one of the mostessential timbers for war purposes.L. & N. TIME TABLE. (Effective May 12, 1918. at 12:01 a. m.)No.3410151174037123391383839161563213031210209No.3415140171037133312938399163213131210209156TRAINS ARRIVEFromAtlanta, Ga., Daily . . . . .Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....Cynthiana, Ky., Daily 'Except Sunday.. ..Maysville. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ....Lexington, Ky., Daily pExcjpt JSjinday."SOCIAL Am -PERSONAL.Comings and Gclafsof OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Maude Taylor has returnedto her home in this' city after a business trip to Falmouth.Mrs. W. C. Wilkerson is a guestof her sister, Mrs. Carrie Hardie, atIndian Fields, in Clark county.Mr. F. T. Fightmaster and Mr.It. G. Young have returned from avisit to relatives in Chillecothe, O.Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Orr, ofLouisville, are guests of the former'sfather, Rev. B. F. Orr, on Stoneravenue.Miss Hazel Arnold is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. Earl Smith and Mr.Smith and family, at Simpsonville, inShelby county.Mrs. D. S. Henry and daughter,Miss Charlotte Henry, are at OilSprings, in Clark county, for a stayof several days.Missess Russell and MaymeSnapp have returned to their homesin Winchester after a visit to Mr. andMrs. John Doty.Mrs. Leslie Ammerman has returned to her hopae in Nicholasville,after a visit to Mrs. Wolford Ewalt,on Stoner avenue.Migistrate L. J. Fretwell hasgone to Graham Springs, in Mercercounty, to remain some time for thebenefit of his health.Miss Eleanor Newhall has returned to her home in Aurora, Indiana,after a visit to her father, Mr. Jos.Newhall, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. John McCann havereturned to their home in Toledo,Ohio, after a visit to their niece, MissJessie Brown, in this city.Miss Lyda Locknane, guest ofher uncle, Mr. B. R. Locknane, andfamily, on Second street, hjis returnedto her home in Winchester.Messrs. William and JRobert McCray, of North Middletown, who havebeen in Chicago with their showhorses, will return home !to-day.Mrs. Clay Gaitskill, who has beena patient at the Massie? MemorialHospital, in this city, for severalweeks, is reported as improving.Mrs. Louie J. Hale and Mrs.Mary J. Carpenter have returned totheir homes in Louisville after a visitto their niece,' Miss Jessie Brown.Mrs. F. S. Elder is steadily improving at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she has been a patientfor several weeks, following a surgical operation.Mr. A. L. Boatright, chorister ofthe Paris Christian church, will retun to-morrow or Thursday fromMinneapolis, Minn., where he hasbeen attending a convention.KEUflkjArrive5:33 a. m.7:30 a. m.7:25 a. m.7:35 a. m.7:40 a m.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:05 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Dailly il0:10 a. m.Chicago, 111., Daily 10:27 a. m.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:40 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:10 p. m.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . - ..-3:15 p. m.Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30 p. m.Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 p. m.Jacksonville, Fla., Daily : 8:30 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:20 p. m.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:28 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only 12:50 p. m.Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only 5:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPARTFor LeaveCincinnati, O., Daily 5:41 a. m.Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 a. m.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday A 7:45 a. m.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . .-. -. 7:45 a. m.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:13 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:33 a. m.T t 11 T7IT, Toiltr . 1 fl 3 K fl.. TY1.j actual) u. vi lie, jjki., j-a.ij o or mLexington, ivy., uauy o.o y. m.Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:25 p. .nuCf. . . j .. -rr T SI Pir.nnf Cnnilnv K KT T TV.uexinston, ivy., uu,uy 4"- ""uj ""! ",n?i'Rowland, Ky., Daily .Except ounaay o;uuMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40rinninnati. O.. and Chicago, 111., Daily 8:35Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:Atlanta, Ga-, Daily 10:TUavRvHlA TCv.. Sunday Only 12:jGexington, Ky., Sunday Only .5;Cynthiana, ivy., uauy jxuepu juuua.y . vf Ami )V'NHHWHHflHHflBflHflHHflHHiJPW wfkj)SXmmmvi "fT'-t BbmbmbF I I1 ,, v v , MUlUT JHHflHHflY I Imia,;iMr. J. H. Moore, of Aucusta, arrived in Paris, Saturday, to spendthe summer with his daughter, Mrs!.Wolford Ewalt, and Mr. Ewalt, attheir home on Stoner avenue.Miss Mabel Templin has returnedfrom a two-weeks' visit to friendsand relatives in Winchester. She wasaccompanied home by Miss LucyHunter, who will be her guest.- :;Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Cavely andMr. David McAmis, guest of Mr. B.R. Locknane and family, on Secondstreet, have returned to their homesin Latonia and Covington, respectively. Mr. Hiram Redmon, who has beenspending his vacation by assisting hisfather, Mr. J. J. Redmon, in harvesting on the Redjmon farm near NorthMiddletown, has returned to his homein Frankfort.Mrs. McKinley Owens, of Detroit,Mich., who has been a guest for several days of Mr. and Mrs. StantonRumimans, has gone to Winchesterfor a visit to her mother, Mrs. AllenEcton, before returning to her home.Dr. A. H. Keller, representingCouer de Lion Commandery No. 26,Knights Templar, of Paris, attendeda meeting of the Winchester Com.mandery held in that city last week,when eight candidates from Whitesburg, Ky., were initiated.Mr. Walter Clark and SquireJohn J. Redmon, of this city, attended the meeting held in Frankfortlast week, when the County Tax Commissioners' Association was formed.Mr. Clark was elected as one of thevice-presidents of the Association.Danville Messenger: "Mr. Arthur Hancock, of Paris, was the guest.of friends here yesterday MCaroline itoseoerry, or .fans, tjyiaCapt. Waller, of Guelph, Ontario,were guests of friends here jytfffft iday for several hours Se)geg.nt(iyice Kogers uiay and her secretaryMiss Charline Ball, and mother, MrsfMay Stoner Clay, of Paris, weiie hereWednesday, when Miss Clay ,celyer(lea a lecture in tntf interest) otjtng,School for National Service to menbers of the Red Cross Chapter. Sfhesucceeded in getting a number of re7cruits for the work." J t )V,The home of Mr. and MrL ffihqs.McDonald, on Main street, wasijtheiAt least one part of the big Chautauqua program has been planned principally for the children. (Ages six tosixty, and upwards.) De Jeu, tbnoted magician and prestidigitateur, icoming with a great array of mysterious and hair-raising tricks and stunts,turning the Chautauqua stage into afairyland peopled with the fantasticcreations of his occult skill.Some of the most marvelous featsof magic, mind-reading, telepathy andlegerdemain will be demonstrated.De Jeu is a wonderful entertainer.He, with his assistant, will appear intwo programs, preceding the afternoonand night lectures, on the fifth, day ofChautauqua. This will be Children'sDay. aKJh aIf You are Thinking About aPi pel ess Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction' guaranteed. We are:agents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.v,We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORS.Call and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYPainting Time Is Here!rt.' fiIB lltl--one;-.nitDon't Let Your Property 11: DecayFor the Want of Raint!,?" :'OlU)i aIt is a waste of good moneyed buy,,djai jp&m&.We sell the Sherwin-Williams? PainWhave said Ahere for forty years. We 9anjSlr allj Tour yttiktto be found in a high class pamtestal)ushmenttmuWe dojyour paintiftgright.f j 'j7. ilSj.I tW 'titWalland Paper Hanging.mnttIJS83JiSChauCHAUTAUQUA AND THE WAR.The weapons which win yictory fordemocracy include more thanithe pkjslcal equipment for conflict'. Tne?embrace the brain powerj.tehCfUghpower, the will power, itbe.vspiritualenergy of a people. Whatsoever conserves and directs theife '"vital foroetin tnis grave noux sprvMumPresident Wilso'a has -called "thetaqua to this service fl lectures,he says, are'tfeffeciiyeismftaaenfe'rafor the delivery itftfd toterpretation ofdemocracy's! "meaning aad ihiperiJfVeneeds."117 ThVworte itis rtfoftf& Isbut r;rather tna gained new fopprtJittesc:fori:servJcj' ituu.,-x ,,, , r ,li aift ii' ".ill JOT Jiif . tiCLi .j-ReJ Compliment..,,,, doi"nBilly Sundayihaa had ma'nyficompH1;,fnents,',butPtbe.ooe -berprizes, ost'i'Nearly came' nto a him, : Oddlyj enough, ic'from a'crljfllnal's lips.s aMlt IIvlt.was1 Jn rPhride$hia'! Sunday f&tyvisited, jkayam'ensin'e 'farion!" Tbereu.he$ad(taed wjlth aj'useJtVeakerjocQnvapcingiyfnajtnmafi nap promised-toleadicon his discharge .a Chris'tianuHfe. J a vjji j.-l j-n' Thig housebreaker,f;discHssing Sujaayxwfth a1 guardian afterward; jsafdi;0u"HecameJln h$e. Sunday idid. andbe 'fairly drhed tip 'inside' rdrat madescene of a pleasant gathering ridayc .n?e fiick o'meseif. that's what'lie done.when a number of guests were-seryeii -Qh.jie's ar winner., X tninr He's oneKr.c nn , 'inZJafl&taXlif"rtep. m.p. m.p. m.a delicious dinner. The event served: of rosrona o'. thG.ffflntrT-reformed. youto marfe,th.e celebration. oi theleighrty- iknowi? A i r , - n V.sec6nd-4 irthdky of Mrs. -McEton-i r, n. ,..') . . ' ,J "L 'BWMtofrmsMT.muabel B:, .Ewalt, ,. ;J, .. Vli' tuU.o"Vu ' 'r,best-known citizena ofiji j 'irin,w , - i (owing guestsibaHkook . Kir57ruo. .". mttU" xw "fSrof thesevenijie'a hspifejity, andoEeli- w me men in TOHomia rwmecie.d3MrV7Ewalt upon attai,ning4ia; ?B WW ??& J?$ "MS'HjbaTdfinadaughlEnMrNatban says 'Roger Danlela'oL'tn'rmy andGoodman and Mrs. Sallie MqDonald. rmavy (denjartnient'Uo3iJ. VfhmX15 4 milIKIOTRAINS ARRIVENo. From .wronirfnrf. Kt.. Dally Except Sunday.4 B-rankfort. Ky.. Dally Bxecpt Sunday.TRAINS DEW.Franort, Ky., Dally BA.fltt S: ?ffi3 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 p. m.mf0mnm-'J '&? JmmmmmmmmmmmmmAmi ? AlSIoTI m.1At the home of her parents. Mr.and Mrs Wm. O. Hinton, dn'ffighMireet,jsmthjeMSitv. FriflavsvftmiiE?. 4ML . &WV iP iZr"- I,ra- -aflPJiriurjill, Jr., was tpe: guestll0Iswllt, 4nRden party given inOmpiJfeeatMBfUie celfthrntinh 'n?hi-'n.ji.i7.- xn ri.-rrJFt-UHPUiijiBry oi ner weaQinsriThe party waTa pleasant stiriBe.and was given in the beautiful floorergarden at the home of the j hostess.aaiA-ff1ifits had bQn tirlrrd Ibittrinirtheir knitting, and eachone Tespendnij w mc icuucst. J UCIMCH-i-time supper wasjsetjvedrfccasion proved to ba alb thatdesired in the way ofrreri-ent.3 Mrs. Turnev wArf tfwidx-sembledoirShr Andrevfe r, f TQn;t..delay.yQur letters, fote there; is anunoldgnioxint ofcheer andcomfoirfccreattJtorfr wordpictures 'in these mome-i messages.When you write-"Mmitep -and ikefeV on:1Binlling:"" r J0C e72riiv, itiaif ait rir uf.rii: ).''imju a ;,ii -jfi ,illll'j i"i Jfi!-J,Il j J ti nrouoi til s nuoanii)i-" jihji.oqi. lWHEBELLitnrrntaniC4giMay.ijjuj.i unnittr.JWl-MnjvtTWs isntheomQiSt freqjPjfly consultedfence liiia this. section. At. is correcteda m -; . r ' mi . ,31111 I M da revlsedevCTV tew-i u,n:f if f FfmDntnSntJrJMMinP&TiSilAihrertisersare aflforded janMinequalled opportusxtjjtoplace their business .betorehebeskpeoplevin& prpRgi:oysv(?prnmunityJ jiface lsjipa iritfd, thefatareedhable.iluz iifocoj J 3?sL.3" . . Ixan ioi auJfiist telepHone; write, or. call onen i &i L1 v" L.wmwiF11 r ii iA tit i nc i. &yi 1JVlANALktK;MrrtM 5Cli-) l.csmuo i3 ':afuaArot'- ncJnu'aUi zi II I i l Tarmyhopitajincijeas fropj seventto 8ty?twOTinrfnumDer -and.ifrom s.OOQite 58,400, beds; 30,009; ,mpre bedsarabein9jadde4.il o-ii Uti.vji)i'M "v;IooiJi fi.titiof IftQG tcipient of many good wishes(Other Personals on Patje 5i) st-aifmTrt.fliT ,,innt1tnAao vj rv.-, r, . 7i 1 ' ' 'lia. " ""i w i"" ymi winiriisii1, Mmmmmmmm &v"5- srfj u -it?'JM1JI' j.5MMt-!-Ma;imrlft i rPITMRFPf ANn TRIJRPHONRMI3 jww-Wai-' - SfBTT:v2t-T'TSrtlAA iv. TPII'DAUU rTMWIP-AAIVng3l!rlvfiimpKm'iii'i imu'it T Xli 1 3 HP, W1 fix n i, yji ix U!' WS.J" ill .mi' tniuna ) iKflViOwauRii j;oai?rti 1 t r .. 1 .!...' 11 -4 r- nC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth arid Main Streets . T h.in iZiluo : -V il r J " nj 1. .j j 001 tl tu (LA 1 aiji :. ;.....,... " ' - 0 1 1 I wjJ i J' '-iii-' l . 1 TTToTu IE i wi " i'ni.rw t hbl fnHIIilBV H iii'i. i:i.7 I' r K A H HI I I1IB9S BMH S, ,vauv V JKI r i!lll . ITIUUUa Y -mt $flj IffSollilH wO(ri'. -,ix o- '. I: fiivoaoi fli nuottnii 'l ' l 1, flJ 5 i"11 lr u: r i .i?rl, 1 it , ' ion 2 ,4;ijfe;sHl)idJ r t uir f . i37ijJi t vile s&t Siu -"saTA jnm?oi-:o . 4?TIs'3tir3TfSifc epartmerif WtOmmm'i -.uuorf -jaafiA taijjf'3l v.11::l5JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IT. " 5flV ia, "v ft - --TUESDAY, JTJLT 2, lllf.V.MUltflr I?' HEWS OF WOKEFS WOEKJ$ nrBEEESTDTG TO CLUB'& WOMEKWomen In Wax Activity.cr The Woman's Committee of theCouncil of National Defense is they great clearing-house for woman's activities in the prosecution of the war.. The ahlest women in the Nation areat the head of its work and thet afchairpien of the various sub-com.-r mittees are chosen from the recogmized specialists in their respectivelines.It maintains an information bu-i reau, a library onVoman's activities,special departments on child welfare,education, home economics, food pro-' duction, conservation, etc.Its mission is to create activitywhere it is lacking and to assist in-. movements already established.The, following report of the workJ3. v.,, nA.mlmti nnimir urnmon frnmuuu.e uy cuuiuuu wuu.j i"." .January 1st to June 25th inclusive,has been submittedton office.Paris, Ky., June 25, 1918.Women's War Work in Bourboncounty has been systematically carried on through fourteen clubs andsixteen church organizations. Adequate publicity has been given eachbranch. We take this opportunityto render a tribute to the splendidco-operation of the pulpit, press andmovie managers, utten at great inconvenience, and sometimes at greatsacrifice of time, space and money,each has responded graciously toevery call. A "Women's Activities"column .appears weekly in THENEWS, one of our local papers, the jreporting being done by one of theWoman's Committee. The most sig-"nificant publicity is through propa-. ganda the "personal touch," wefind, is the most fruitful in results.The Civilian Relief Department is-prepared for action when necessityarises.The success of our efforts in foodconservation .has been largely due tothe addresses of splendid educationalvalue given us by Miss Sweeney, sup, plemented by practical demonstration- in the making of war bread andcakes. The war gardens, canningand drying demonstrations of lastsummer are being repeated, but on amuch larger scale. Through the combined efforts of our women and theCounty School Superintendent weagain have a leader for the Girl'sCanning Club. Our women are responding cordially to the food regulations. The woman who does not; will eventually find herself ostra-cised.The Child Welfare Department is. in the midst of its work. The out-of-townchildren will receive attentionnext week. The children of Paris are"exceeding healthy 208 children (1to 5 years) have been weighed andmeasured only,l below normal.- The Y. M. C. A. campaign (Healthand Hecreation Department) sent tothe chairman $1,070.00 $70.00more than our apportionment. Noteven the severest weather of the winter seemed to chill the ador of theworkers.Generous responses have been made.to the following appeals: American;and Belgian Relief, The Laura Clay'Ambulance, Library Building andBooks for Cantonments, Ambulancet given by Kentucky Federation of Woman's Clubs, etc. One elderly womanwith some little help from a fewfriends, is working under the American Fundfor French Orphans. Her'last shipment makes a total of 503garments.Fifty-three packages, 12 magazinesin each, have been given soldiersas they pass through Paris on trooptrains en route to southern canton-i ments.r A Community Chorus of seventy-eight is in full working order. Ithas furnished the music for five patriotic meetings so far. It is our planto divide the chorus proper into? groups once a week, and have thesegroups lead community open airsings" in ainerent parts oi tne city.After some investigation, we of the,, v committee, believe our women notquite ready for registration. Therehas been a wonderful awakening and.we think the time is now ripe, sothis branch of the work will go forward without delay.Never was Kentucky chivalry moretruly exemplified than during ourThird Liberty Loan, deference, cour-, tesy and preference being show theREPORT OF THE CONDITION OF' THEPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.l Doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, atthe close of business on the 25th day of June, 1918:""Sh RESOURCES.JJoans and Discounts $740,703.28. ' Overdrafts, secured and un-t secured 1&213.28. "- Stocks, Bonds and other 'se-v curities 176,987.621ig Due from Banks 158,225.68yf Cash on hand 17,252.24' Checks and other cash items 2,737.35Banking House. Furniture-. and Fixtures . 16,500.00ui !jOther Assets not iucluded-1 under any of above heads. 240.80$1,112,860.25, STATE .OF, KENTUCKY,-& ' County of Bourbon.set.' Je ?' fdford ami C. K. Thomas, President and Cashier of the aboveSntmed Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the best ofsJcoowledge and belief.' ' S. E. BEDFORD, President: . C K. THOMAS, Cashier.Snbc!bd and sworn to before'me, this 1st day of July, 1918My onuniMion expiree January 29, 1920. 'y- . 'x Sz. V& 3l.. ' NELLIE FARRELL, Notary Public-" l - - " -the workers of the Woman's Committee. - Of the quota 390;000, ourgirls checked up with $268,700. Itseems that Bourbon's ambition is tonearly double its apportionments.Final reports gave Bourbon's response as $600,000, a good part ofthe over-subscription having beendue to the wonien's work.Fifty-three workers formed theWoman's Committee for the sale ofWar Savings Stamps. Between June1 to 24, they secured $56,487. Thestamps were first put on sale inMarch, hence this has been a longdrawn out campaign, both the menand women workers having found itrather tedious. This past month ofintensive work, we are sure, willbring us to the top. Though our apportionment was rather large, Bourbon always goes "over the top."'Four sub-chapters and two juniorchapters work with the Paris Unit.The Millersburg Unit is entirely separate, but this report contains thecombined results of both Units.Membership, 3,713. Apportionmentfor recent Red Cross Fund drive,A nnn ...i. secured S3&.UUU.; 520 000 amount urea ? jthe Juniors have netted quite a sum.Our girls conducted a most successfulauction, proceeds over ?j,juu.TofWOf pqmac When I boarded the ship I was handSewing Department Pajamas,J..U3; uunvaicovcui, wv, w,rr j . v.,mlAtiirt nnQTC XX II MS-pital shirts, 922; helples case gowns,20; property bags, 386; miscellaneous, 77Surgical Dressing DepartmentMiscellaneous gauze dressings, i.a,-073. musiin bandages, 1,111; cottonand paper-backed pads, &uu; pneumonia jackets, 356; front line packets, (38,050 dressing), 30,805.Knitting Department Socks(pairs), 1,158; sweaters, 525; Mufflers, 10; helmets, 14; wristlets, 130.One busy club woman and housekeeper has to her credit 75 pairs ofsocks, 8 pairs of gloves, 5 sweatersand two helmets. Having relativesin every branch of the service, sheexpects yet to knit for a General.Bourbon furnished three registered nurses for the Barrow Unit andfive girls are volunteering for training. Under this Chapter a committee isat work for the fatherless childrenof France. Eighty-one of these unfortunate children are now being provided for by the county, and the workof soliciting has just begun.Our busiest women are our happiest women. Few are being left outof the work. Through tears andheart throbs, we American women,as never before, are "counting ourblessings."Respectfully submitted,MRS. F. SUTHERLAND,Chairman Bourbon County Woman'sCommittee, Council of NationalDefense.For Fatherless French Children.The Bourbon Committee for theFatherless Children of France,"ls nowthoroughly organized with the following officers: Chairman, Mrs.Hancocl Secretary, Mrs. Dailey;Treasurer, Mrs. Wallace Mitchell.Thirty-six dollars and fifty centsadopts a French child boy or girl asthe donor chooses. Correspondenceis opened by the mother or guardianof the child immediately upon receipt of the money in France.One hundred have already beenchosen from this locality. Don't youwant to join the ranks? Apply tooneof the above officers.At the Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday U. D. C. and W. C. T. U.Wednesday Paris Literary Club.Thursday Wonian's Society Methodist church. xFriday Woman's Society Baptistchurch.Saturday D. A. R.21 153 E3CANNING AND PRESERVINGTIME.Specials for two weeks on tin cansand Mason jars.Star Tin Cans, 65 cents per dozen;Mason Fruit Jars, (quarts) 85 centsper dozen, gallon size, 95 centsper dozen.MARGOLENS' SANITARY MEATMARKET. - (2-4t)REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSCollector Elwood Hamilton, of theSeventh Internal Revenue District,announces the following revenue assignment for Bourbon county for themonth of July:No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co., Paris:J. A. Logan, storekeeper-gauger incharge; T. L. McConnell, additional.LIABILITIES.Capital Stock paid in incash $150,000.00Surplus Fund 100,000.00Undivided Profits, less ex- -penses and taxes paid 20,434.45Deposits subjectto check.,. 1581,670.94Demand Certificates of Deposit 264,444.56853.11S.50Due Banks and Trust Companies 5,310.30$1,112,860.25INTEEESTING .LETTER T$0MPABIS BOY ENltOUTEtOVERSEAS.One of the most interesting letterswe have read recently came to a member of THE NEWS force from' BenLeach, formerly of Paris, who enlisted in the naval service severalmonths ago, and was assigned to thetraining station at Great Lakes. Theletter was written from Ellis Island,New York, under date of June 23,and is as follows:"ELLIS ISLANDS, NEW YORK,"June 23, 1918."Dear Friend:"Will write you a farewell letterfrom the old U. S. A., as I am now inNew York, awaiting 3 ship to takeme 'over there.' Have" been here,there and everywhere since I washome some time ago on a furlough."After reporting to the GreatLakes Training Station on April 1, Iwas transferred to the Naval Operating Base at Hampton Roads, Ya. Iremained there three days. Then Iwas sent aboard the battleshipIillinois, and was there six weeks.--- r ..the words: 'You are here for intensive training' and, believe me, it wasno joke. I boarded the ship at oneo'clock on Friday afternoon, and atmidnight I began my duties down inthe flreroom. Never was I in ajplaceso hot before. When I first enteredthere I thought that it would be impossible for a human being to put infour hours in that place, but at theend of my four hours I came out allright. After a few days at the workI wanted to be on the job all thetime, but during the six weeks I wason the ship I only fired three weeks."I think 'they must have given mea little bit of training at everythingin the navy. When I enlisted the officer told me all I would have to dowould be to fire, but I have learnedquite differently. I scrubbed the deckfor one week, stood auxiliary watchin the ice plant for one week; and tofinish it up was on mess duty for oneweek. The mess was the best job ofthe whole lot. I happened to belucky and got on the Chief PettyOfficers' mess. They certainly do getgood eats, and while I was on thejob I rated the same in eats as theydid. I could put in my four years atthat and be perfectly satisfied"After finishing my six weeks onthe ship I was then sent to the'-navyyard at Norfolk, Va., 'where I remained only one day, when I was transferred to the navy yard at Philadelphia, where I remained two weeks.Did not do any work there, but drilled on the 'grinder' every morningand had boat drill in the afternoon.The first afternoon we were out forboat drill I thought they would-putme in a little row boat, like thefonethe Chippewa Club used to have' onStoner, and maybe you think I wasn'tsurprised when we reached the deck.They put us in, a boat, the oars) ofwhich themselves, would weigh morethan the boats they have on St6ner,or at least I thoughts the first timeI tried to toss one. I had to sit onone end of it before I could get itstarted upward, and when the coxswain would give the order 'Let fall,'I would almost go out with the oar.'fcWe got liberty the first day inPhiladelphia, which we reached onSaturday morning, and at one o'clockin the afternoon we were off untilseven-thirty on Monday morning. Itwas the first time we have been onliberty for ten weeks, and you canbet I was gone until Monday, Ireached the yards just ten minutesbefore my time was up. I was outevery night we were there, and I certainly was sorry when I learned thatI was on the drafted list for the receiving ship at New York. I amanxious to get across the pond, butwould like to have remained atPhiladelphia a little longer. Wasjust getting acquainted with the citywhen they pulled me out."I arrived in New York on Wednesday of last week, and was placedon the receiving ship, . W. Morse.Was there two days when they transferred me to the receiving ship atEllis Island, where I am now awaiting further orders."Quite a change for me has beenmade since I wrote the above. Thebugle sounded 'quarters' and we allhad to fall in line. They wanted fifteen men for seaman guard, and outof about fifteen hundred men here onthe island, I was one of the numberto be picked out. Will enter on myduties to-morrow, with liberty everyother night, and forty-eight hoursevery third day. Am rather glad toget the job, for those who are not onguard only rate liberty every fourthnight. Another good thing about itis the guards enter the mess hallfirst, and that is the main thing inthe navy, not that you don't getenough to eat if you come in last, forwe certainly do get all we can eatand more. But when you are at therear of the line it takes about thirtyminutes for all to get in, and it is anawful strain to have to wait thatlong when you know you are in linefor 'chow.' This is certainly somegreat place for the eats. If I did nothave on a naval uniform I wouldthink I was in some swell hotel. Thebuilding we are quartered in is like apalace, just one big building coveringthe whole island."We had a vaudeville show herelast Friday night, followed by adance in the main lobby. About fivehundred of the prettiest girls in NewYork were here, and you can bet Ihad some tim."Was abou to forget to tell youabout the great sights which are inview of Ellis Island. First comesthe Statue of Liberty, which is onlytwo hundred yards away; then copiesthe Colgate clock, the largest in theworld; also the Woolworth building,Which is only seven hundred andeighty feet high; and last is -thewonderful Brooklyn Bridge. "Theisland is surrounded by NewTYbrk,Brooklyn and Jersey City. Anotherthing, all the ships that go acrosspass by the Island. There are' somany going out that it looks ilik acontinuous performance, and if is the.same wth the ships thathavearereturningfor."They are certainly rushing thesoldiers across.' I have recently seen Iseven or eight big transports filledto their capacity go out since I havebeen here. From what a soldier toldme the other dayvthe jackies are certainly doing their part 'over there.'Hehad just returned after being inthe trenches for six months. He saysthere are forty-five thousand bluejackets in the front line trenches. Ihope they do not wait too long totake me over, for I honestly want toget a few Huns before the war isoyer. From the way things look nowI 'don't think it will last very muchlonger. From hundreds of reportsreceived here the Germans are aboutout of food, and a Sammie told,me the Americans and the Allieshave plenty. He said they get bettergrub behind the trenches than we dohere, and if he is telling the truth,they haven't a thing to grumbleabout."When I get across I would likevery much to haye THE BOURBONNEWS. I would certainly like to get jit here, but there is no certainty asto how long I will be here. Willwrite again when I get on the otherside of the big wide ocean. Tell allthe boys in THE NEWS and the Ken-tuckian-Citizenoffice good-bye forme, and here's good luck to all andbest wishes for them. Until I return,"Sincerely Yours,"BEN LEACH.""Receiving Ship at Ellis Island,New York."FARMERS, INVESTIGATE NEWTOBACCO HAH INSURANCELIMITS AND RATESWe are authorized to make the following rates and limits for tobaccohail insurance, policies taking effectJuly lty:Limit Rates? 75 an acre $5.25100,00 an acre 6.00125. 0D an acre 6.75150. Oh an acre 7.50We believe these conditions maketobacc?hail insurance a much betterproposion.See us before insuring, and let usexplain it to you.YERKES & PEED.At Farmers' and Traders' Bank, BothPhones No. No. 45.(28-3t)!5 E3 S3ALLEGED DESERTER RETURNEDPrivate Arthur Carney, who wasplaced under arrest last week bySheriffs McClintock and Marshall, onsuspicion of being a deserter from anarmy camp, was taken to CampShelby, Miss., last night in charge ofCorporal Albert Cayce, who had beendetailed from the camp for that purpose. Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. ,Thomas, Woodford & BryanSILKSHIRTSNew Patterns$4.oo to $6.ooNECKWEAR25c to $1.00HOTbeen across andanother cargo. .WIY SWELTER this hot weather wjjen you can Buy clothes thet will keep you cooland comfortable? You can come here and select a Palm Beach, Tropical Worsted,Mohair and Crash, and be pleased with the style and fit. Every suit is handtailored and styled in latest models. The patterns are strictly new, coming in tans, greysand fancy stripes and checks, you can be assured of good values here, as our clothes arepriced lower than elsewhere.$8.50 to $20.007th and MainIFRANK&CO., . LADIES' OUTFITTERSyCLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDSi-Great ReductionsonSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.Copyright 191S. A. B. Kiraohbaum Oe.WEATHERCLOTHER. P. WALSHOne-Price Store19 .STRAWHATSLatest Styles!$1.50 to $5.ooHOSIERY15c to 75cParis, Ky.VKTUESDAY, JULY 2, i18.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, Wt.yA-jB rt-fe,A 1ft--CtijFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand jive in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thajpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the offfc?.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)CUT FLOWEftS.We have secured the agency ofHoaaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.QUALIFIES AS ADMINISTRATOR.Mr. Sanford Allen, cashier of theMillersburg Farmers' Bank, qualifiedin the County Court as administrator of the estate of Silas Cleaver, de-'ceased, by fiurnishing bond in thesum of $16,000.pa IS 153ALL CLERKS ARE REACHED BYWORK-OR-EIGHT RULE.Clerks in all store departments aswell as sales clerks are reached bythe "work or fight" order effectiveJuly 1, according to information re-ceived by draft boards. Heretoforeit has been incorrectly stated that.department clerks were exempt,though sales clerks were affected bythe ruling.STOCKING HSHING STREAMSRepresentatives of the State Gameand Fish Commission, were here Saturday with the fish car, and placedabout two thousand young big mouthblack bass in Stoner and Strode'screeks, in this county. These twoare the premier fishing streams ofthe -county, and are now affordingfine sport to the piembers of theangling fraternity.POURTH OP JULY "CLOTHES.Suitable for the occasion we recommend our Paln Beaches and CoolClothes $13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail Insurance) on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)Bl P5 151CANNING DEMONSTRATIONSDemonstrations in methods of drying and canning fruits and vegeetables were given at the Red Crossheadquarters at North Middletownlest week by Mrs. Martha M. Golsan,County Home Depnonstrator. Mrs.Golsan also gave demonstrations ofmethods of preparing and . usingwheat substitutes at the consolidatedschool house at Jacksonville. On nextThursday, July 4, at 2:30 p. 'm., shewill give a demonstration in breadmaking at Jacoby's store, in Hutchison. Mrs. Golsan is now located at thehome of Mrs. R. M. Harris, 406Pleasant street and will be pleasedto furnish tin cans for cannig purposes. m m mALWAYS CHEAPEST!Best matches, 5c box; good Laundry Soap, 5c a bar; Brooms, 4-sewed,at 50c. Many other bargains atTHE BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(21-4t) 'la Ea isHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)5i SMAYOR'S VETO KILLS BUILDINGORDINANCE.There seems to be a misunderstanding of our report of the proceedingsof the last Council meeting in regardto the Mayor's veto of the BuildingOrdinance.Our statements were correct andwere so reported and printed "Thata motion to receive and file the vetocommunication carried by a vote of5 to 2. That after the communication had been received, a paotion toaccept the Mayor's veto resulted in avote of 4 to 3 against."This action did not affect the vetoat all, as it required a two-third voteto carry the question over the Mayor'sveto. The vote simply showed that amajority of the Council did not approve of the Mayor's action.We think the Mayor did right toveto the ordinance, but in our reportfailed to comment on any of . the pro-ceedings of the meeting. The situation; as we understand it now isthat up to this time we are still opi erating under, the old -Building JOrdiance, " ,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Master William Lytle is spendinga couple of weeks with his uncle, Mr.Newton Clark, in Fleming county.Mrs. Nellie Starke, of Louisville,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. CarrieF. Stone, and other relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Luman, ofnear Lexington, were guests Sundayand yesterday of Mr. J. M. Doyle andchildren.Mrs. J. Walter Payne left Sunday, for a visit to her son, Mr. Landrum Payne, who is in the AerialPhotographic Department at Rochester, New York.Judge A. M. J. .Cochran was aguest at the Windsor Hotel, Sunday,en route from Pineville, where he hadbeen holding court, to his home inMaysville.Mr. Jeff C. Elgin has returnedto his business duties in Memphis,Tenn., after a vacation stay in Pariswith his mother, Mrs. Anna Elgin, onWalker Avenue.Mrs. S. P. Mohney and childrenhave returned to their home in thiscity after a few days' visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Wilson,in Moorefield, Nicholas county.Judge Chas. A. McMillan, ClellTurney, John Spears and Lou Taylor motored to Camp Zachary Taylor,Sunday, where they were guests ofPrivate Andrew Jackson Turney, formerly of Paris.Mr. John T. Clark, who has beenvery ill for several weeks at thehome of Mr. Robert Kenney, in thiscity, was able to return to his homein Lexington, Saturday.Mrs. N. T. Myers and children,Elizabeth and Nat T. Myers, Jr., ofOklahoma, Mrs. Nelson Sledd, ofWinchester, and Mrs. Roy Smith, ofMississippi, are guests of their sister,Mrs. John J. Prather, near Paris.The Lexington Leader of Sunday, in the "Notes of The TravelingMen," says: "J. E. (Servus) Soper,who represents the Power GroceryCompany, of Paris reports an exceptionally good business for the pasttwo weeks."Mr. John Burden, of Frankfort,Ind., was a recent visitor in Paris.Mr. Burden is one of the "old guard,"who attended the old Paris CitySchool years ago. This was his firstvisit here in many years. He is amember of the police force in hisadopted town.Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., of Paris,who has been an attache of the Internal Revenue Collector's office inHuntington, West, Va., has beentransferred to the office of Collectorof Internal Revenue Elwood Hamilton, at Lexington. The transfer became effective yesterday.Mr. Edwin C. Powell, editor ofThe Farm and Home, at Springfield,Mass., who is touring the Bluegrassregion, was a guest of turfmen inthis city yesterday, viewing the sightsto be seen on a Kentucky court day.Mr. Powell will visit some of theprominent stock farms in the countywhile here.Mr. Wayne Cottingham, of theLexington Leader's reportorial staff,spent Saturday and Sunday here as aguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. W. Cottingham. Mr. Cottinghamwas en route to Cincinnati on a vacation trip of several days. There isthe making of an excellent newspaper man in Wayne Cottingham, andhis friends here are proud of hissuccess in his chosen profession.Among the visitors from Lexington in Paris, Sunday, were RobertHite, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Hite,formerly of Paris, and James White,They came here in a two-passengerauto of their own construction, theyboth being expert mechanics. Theyseemed to derive as much pleasurefrom their little runabout as did theowners of more pretentious machines. (Other Personals on Page 3.)KNIGHTS OE PYTHIAS TO HOLDPATRIOTIC MEETING.Complying with the proclamationissued recently by Supreme Chancellor J. J. 'Brown, Rathbone Lodge.No. 12, Knights of Pythias, of thiscity, will hold a patriotic meetingat the Christian church, at eighto'clock, to-morrow (Wednesday)night, The principal address of theevening will be delivered by Rev. H.C. Runyan, of Latonia, a speaker ofgreat eloquence and power.While the meeting will be conducted by the Knights of Pythias, it willnot be for them exclusively, but is forthe public generally. Everyone iscordially invited to be present on thispatriotic occasion. A musical program of excellence is being arranged.Every member of the order should bepresent and bring his family, or hissweetheart or somebody else's sweetheart. ARE WE HOPING AGAINST HOPE?A notice has been posted in theoffice of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad at this point to the effectthat on and after July 1, Paris willno longer.be regarded as a- terminalfor "chain gang" or slow freightcrews.The hope long cherished of Parissome day becoming a railroad centerof some magnitude seems to bedwindling daily. The large switching yards maintained; here a fewyears ago are now almost empty anddeserted and very few trains are being made up in the, South Parisyards. Scores of railroad men andtheir families have been moved toother places in the past few monthsand it seems as if Paris is ultimatelydestined to become a way station onthe line.m m mSUPPER POSTPONED.The ice cream and pie supper announced to be held at Deaver achooThouse, near Paris; to-morrow night,has been postponed indefinitely. Duenotice will be given of -th.e new dateon which the supper will be nel(LEPW0RTH LEAGUE BANQUET TOMORROW; MISS O'BRIEN TOBE ON PROGRAM.The monthy social session of theEpworth League will be held at theMethodist church, Wednesday evening, at 8 o'clock, and will be in thenature of a banquet occasion and instrict harmony with Mr. Hoover'sideas. 'Reports of the recent annual assembly of the Kentucky EpworthLeague, which was held in Harrodsburg, will be received. Miss FannieO'Brien, of Jenkins, Ky., the Conference Missionary to the KentuckyMountains, will he present to addressthe Leaguers.The delegates, Misses ElizabethWheeler and Ina Mattox, will givereports. Other speakers will be:Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, .State President, Miss Bettie Shaw, Carlisle,Maysville District Secretary, andMiss Sara Power, Frankfort DistrictSecretary.All Epworthians and those applying for membership are invited to bepresent.CALLED MEETING OF REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE.The members of the BourbonCounty Republican Campaign Committee are hereby called to meet atthe court house in this city, at 3:00o'clock Saturday afternoon, July 6.Business of importance. All the members are urgently requested to attend. N. A. MOORE, Chairman.NEW FLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us.We can furnish on short notice thebest to be had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best inthe State.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.isa fe laRESIGNS PYTHIAN POSITIONHaving been transferred to theservice of the Louisville & Nashvilleat Winchester, where he has assumedan important position, Mr. Ira Bowenhas resigned the office of Keeper ofRecords and Seal for RathboneLodge, K. of P., in this city. Mr. P.J. McCord, of the Paris postofflceforce, was elected by a unanimousvote as his successor.WANTEDPoi) corn wanted,phone 981.If you have any(It)For RentWe have several modern residencesfor rent. Good locations.(It) PARIS REALTY CO.Dissolution Notice!The fiTfiL of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually dissolved.Mr. Dickerson retires from the firm.Mr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the firm.B. R. DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)RETURNINGHOMEfrom Ithe heat of thecity you will find aswifter relaxation thrumusic than by anyother means. Outonthe porch thenoiseand heat of the daycan be forgotten, andevery well-loved recordis a vacation trip thattakes you "out ofyourself." Only thosewho use a Victrola canknow the joys of theworld's greatest music.Come in and letplay for you.usDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainKodaks Victr.laiflayer Rolls rStore Building,FixturesStockCLOSING OUTHARRY SIMONWhichJiawMflMsm,jjTHE EASIEST AND BEST WAYTo Keep Your Home Fresh and CleanIs to Use ABISSELL CARPETORVVACUUM SWEEPEREVERY DAYSee those in our window. You knowand we know that BISSELLS are the best.THEJ.T.HINTONCOCfcEITHERPHON:":MOTOR HEARSEAttend TheOFMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.is Now Going OnDHmHb! vfl sr HHU " iHnf I II IbIIiIiIIImB7 M3&taL ill '.HWrEi r j IuItUBWQingQattheOldtin$in1heNevr36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS.MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGSale!SALEMX Ml Mf ! ! II "B"'mttk. vre?R?Hi ,91HjBj fBiV - t, - j.THE BOUXBON NEW PARIS, KT.----TtMDAT, JULY 2, mt.Sj tr-"r;iwiiw tr-sj- irfiyt i1nt.fi n I nT fffi 'i l - -ii ii. ..i r rj'.".ZZ-' --3Kr 1ACE AT IATOHIA ON GLOVi3EN39Hi?aBKVnMOUS-FOTJMH.nVThe national holiday will be fittingly celebrated at the Latonia racetrack on July Fourth by the eighthrunning of the independence Handicap of $2,500 added. This is a' racefor three-year-olds and over at onemile and three-sixteenths, for whichthe best horses in training in thet west are eligible. That it will result in an exciting and high-classcontest goes without saying. Theprobable starters will come fromr among such horses as Green Jones,Bribed Voter, Beaverkill, Rancher,Aurum, Freecutter, Manager Waite,Capt. Rees, Arriet, Midway, Buford,Faux-Col. and others equally well' known.The Latonia racing season is progressing in a manner highly satisfactory to all concerned. The sportto date has been marked by racingof the utmost brilliancy, while thepatronage has been setting newstandards right along. The big crowdsthat have been in attendance dailyfrom the opening of the meeting havebeen manifesting an enthusiasm thataugurs well for the future of this1 kingly sport in this locality.' Meanwhile the management isplanning for the future in a waythat promises even greater things inthe seasons to come. For instance,the value of the Latonia Derby willhe increased from $10,000 to ?20,000 added next season, which willmake it the most valuable of allAmerican races for three-year-olds.John Hackmeister, under whoseprogressive management Latonia hadadvanced to the proud position it nowoccupies in the racing world, is agreat believer in the efficiency ofprincely purses as an upbuilder ofracing and has other plans in mindfor the furtherance of his ambitionto make Latonia the turf headquarters of America that will be divulgedwhen the time is ripe.Professional Cards.WML GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.' FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing hut high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !' -ZCheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,TtheTbreeze continually.Westiitglwise fanshave proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare; money savers.Paris Gs& Electric Co.j: --r i JoS6IBLS HELP NCERed Cross Worker Tells ThriltfngTale of Experience.Pay Glowing Tribute to the Wonder-ful Spirit of the FrenohSoldiers.Chicago. Miss Gladys M. Spencerof Highland Park, 111., told 150 girls,ranging from seventeen years of age,her experiences as a Red Cross workerIn France, and girls everywhere willbe thrilled over Tier talk."Once while I -was very close to thefront lines with my ambulance," shesaid, "1 wag put in charge of severalother machines and ordered to returnthe wounded to the base hospitals. Itwas then that I had my first real goodopportunity to observe the wonderfulspirit of the French soldiers. .Theyremain quiet no matter how muchpain they are In, and there Is very little grumbling. Always you can find asmile. And they are going to win thewar 1"It Is difficult to realize that a tenderly reared American girl handled herself with so much poise In a shell-shatteredarea. The group of girls she wasaddressing were preparing themselvesto face the same dangers, and thousands of other American girls andwomen as nurses are more than doingtheir bits."On another occasion," she continued, "I drove my ambulance to afreight house to remove some largeboxes. Only old men were left to liftthe boxes, or men convalescing fromwounds. The boxes were too heavyfor them, so three other women andmyself pitched In and loaded the cars.The men smiled sadly and wistfully."The spirit of the entire French people is sunny. They are delighted overAmerica, and they firmly believe thatwith our help the Germans will be athing of the past in a very short time."THE NEW RESURRECTIONA French Pollu digging In the rearof the lines uncovers the mutilatedfigure of the Savior torn from thecross of a wayside shrine by a Hunshell and buried under a mass ofdebris.CHOPS 6,207 CORDS OF WOODWitconstn Man Did It in Thirty Years'Work and Claims aRecord.Clinton, Wis. A record in woodchopping is claimed by L. J. Haugen,flftv TPam nlri Ka Htsi tmi thisplace. Up to the opening of the pres- jent lumbering season he chopped 6,207cords.He Is a Norwegian. During the summer he works for farmers about thecounty, but as soon as the first signsof winter are apparent he shouldershis ax and starts for the timber land.He figures his chopping career fromthe time he was twenty, since whichhe has averaged two cords a day during the chopping season.The following statistics inevitablyfollow : If 6,207 cords were placed endto end they would extend nearly ninejsd one-half miles. If piles one on topof another they would be more thanfour miles high. At present prices thatwood i worth $40,000. 'SHE SEWS HOSPITAL SHIRTSWeman Who Cannot Knit Owing toL of Fingers Works forSoldiers.Osceola, Wis.- Mrs. William Hale,who lives on a farm near here, and Isthe mother of several small children,has set a pace for war work.Mrs. Hale, lost two fingers tome timeago and cannot knit, "but a month agoshe ook home, from the Red" Crossrooms 25 hospital shirts. She broughtthem back tieautlf ully made and saidthat as the jjprlng sowing was comingon and farm wors?"would gefTieavIeras the season advanced, she would notbe able to do more than 15 pairs ofpajamas this time. She is working onthe last of these now, and as the chairman of the Polk County Woman's committer wrote to the woman's committee of the state council of dtfewif :wowpntilk sojnMfe ofhow mch we 'have Otoe aUe thisidea f Uimt thlmfi ky tfe tweattwcmiBf in."I f, CEC1UAN CHORUS AT CHAUTAUQUA IN CHOIR VESTMENTS.Made up of thoroughly professionalvocalists, several of them widelyknown operatic and concert singers,the Cec'llian Chorus promises a musical treat for local Chautauqua patrons. Offering stately gems from the greatGEORGE EUSTACE PEARSON, Author and Soldier,To Tell The Story of the Princess Pats at ChautauquaHH IsKliPi" m jrv5 'AMsBKiwZ'i sMfGEO. EUSTACE PEARSON,Chautauqua patrons will have theunusual opportunity of hearing the author of the Princess Pat Stories inthe Saturday Evening Post tell of thewonderful history and adventures ofthe most famous body of fighting menof modern times Princess Patricia'sCrack Regiment of Canadian Light Infantry. Mr. George Eustace Pearson is oneof the survivors of the 1,200 adventurous spirits of America, from theArctic Circle to the Gulf of Mexicowho flocked to Canada at the call ofa young and lovely Princess to makenp America's Foreign Legion & regiment of rollicking blades who lovedliberty, a worthy cause, and a fight.Mr. Pearson will carry his listenerswith him to France and Flanders andthe trial by combat on the field ofblood where the "old Pats" went downSYMPATHY HOT CALLED FORFurther Proof That the Man WhoKeeps Pegging Away Will Generally Come Out on Top.Once there was a cobbler who wasdeaf and mute. But in spite of hismisfortune he got along, for he was agood w&rkman, and his shop wasequipped with modern machinery.One day there passed that way adisciple of the universal brotherhoodof man, who had a soft spot in hisheart for unfortunate fellows.It was a wet day, and he stoppedin to get his shoes half-soled. The fellow charged liim 10 cents more for thejob than he had been accustomed topaying, so he howled, but when he discovered that the shoemaker could neither hear him nor make reply hiswrath subsided, and he went awaywith sympathy in his heartFor many weeks he went about, telling every one he met to patronize thedeaf and mute cobbler because he hadget-up enough to hustle for a livingeven though he was a child of misfortune. Eventually the unfortunate fellow's business increased threefold, despite the. fact, that he charged highprices.-Finally the .great, humanitarian lefta pair of shoes to be fixed., 'He saidthat he'd call for them about Ave, butsomething delayed him and he' gotthere about a minute after six. , Therewas a big touring car standing infront of the place.The deaf and mute cobbler was Justleaving the shop as the brotherhoodman -approached, eand he wouldn't unlociethfe doorVWitti one hand heTpoint4 to-ftVw-40nthe steeplei oratorios, operatic favorites, modernpopular songs of the better grade, withcostume operettas and a selectednumber of the choice "old" songs,there will be ample variety in theCecilians' programs to suit everytaste. Second Day.Survivor of the Princess Pats.to an undying death through all theracking hardships and bitter winter inthe salient of St. Eloi in the shadowof the Mound of Death where the oldPats sleep today.It will be an address by a distinguished, soldier and author from thogreatest and bloodiest battles of thwar, and from a survivor (there arbut few) of a regiment of lighting menwhose name will go down in history,as long as the English tongue isknown and spoken.Opening night of Chautauqua.The Chautauqua is a part of theWar Work in every community to fetdand enthuse the people and to helpthem relax.What the eld Y. M. C. A. is to thaArmy, the Chautauqua is to those whostay behind the Army took horn.while with the other he cranked theauto at the curb.That night, after supper, the humanitarian saw . him out joy-ridingwith a wife and four husky boys.Moral The man who keeps hismouth shut and pegs away is seldomin need of public sympathy ! Exchange. "Pinched" Her Own Flowers.To a hospral for wounded soldiersthe queen of England recently sent anexceptionally beautiful bouquet thathad been presented to her. The inmates received the gift with muchpleasure, says an English periodical,and to show their appreciation of hermajesty's kindness and to prove thatthe flowers had arrived safely theycommissioned one of their number tostand at the hospital gate the following morning when the queen passed.The result was a tremendous surprise.Queen Mary, seated In her, car, saw thesoldier standing at the gate, bouquetin hand, and, assuming that he wishedto present It to her she had the carstopped. As the soldier exhibited thebouquet the queen .took it in her hand?remarked upon its beauty, calmly appropriated it and gave word for thecar to go on. The soldier stared Inamazement. Then, recovering hisspeech, he said: "Well, she's pinched,'em !"Real RequirementFind me the , man ,who quits the$ lace ; not a man the place would suit.uncap ,wiyivBb iAdv. in .New York Evening MiiLCHfantic aie oicjia' couaiTJheiPendletonjShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP.PMOJ5NIX HoriizLEXINGTON? KENTUCKY ',We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit Your t' , Patronage . j ,GOWNSBuy War SavingsStamps!Pershing's army is at the active battlefront. The seriousness of America's part in theworld war has been brought home to everybody.Are You Doing Your Part?We are contributing our advertising space to ask youto buy War Savings and Thrift Stamps for our country'scause. Whoever you are, your middle name is "George"Do it now!ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREETHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborWar Savings Stamps !Telephone your farmer friend." He wiil be glad tohear from you. jParis Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, -w. H. CANHON,District Manager. Uml Manager.?Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANESend That Next JobBOUriHMI NtWS. BestSUITSHATSPARIS, KENTUCKY1BROS.of Printing to TheWoHq Right PrfCSIIXIKIXXJ! I! fImX1XIXIIIIIX1TUESDAY. JTTLY, 2, 1118.," JftKSKKKttKKKKKKtKKtKtKtKtKKtMMtMvr'i: "" n - ,i?i2iSwiiMT'aMg' .aMMfcittjg ("'yUm..,,.,-,, Ww- ,,THE NA"There are bands and bands, butnever before has the stage of the Hippodrome been adorned with a groupof musicians who could compare inoharm with the instrumentalists whomake up the NaVassar Ladies' Band."New York Herald.CAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AUD COLD BATHS.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughiuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376TwinBros.Department StoreBIG SALESTILL GOING ONSkirts $5.98These are extra qualitySilk Skirts values up to$8.00 and $10.00. .$5.98HatsValues up to $5.00$1.44All Children's Hats98cSuits, Coats, Drtsses,Waists, Dry Goads,EtcTwin Bros.Department Store" " ', ' .' X . . s ' """ i -. W..' ,.'"r' . . . . . V Xfy, WAV ,' 'WVA 1 AW .V.z, KsrZZT' '-.IS..'.,,W,"W"', V"ii ' "ft? '.. -, "", ' ' "" ..'..CV,. .,.... , j,,,.. r. 'rrfri-livl-.wwrltowmv MW- -. - e -. - , - - rrr - --rt. .: j9 BVASSAR ORCHESTRAL BAND, A Leading Chautauqua"The Na Vassars are a sure enoughBrain Storm Band. They blew themselves into the arms and hearts of twohundred thousand people yesterdayand got the glad hand from everybody." Chicago Tribune."The NaVassar Ladies Band provedROADS IN WAR TIMES.Some people seem to think thatbecause we are at war the highwaysshould be allowed to deteriorate.In the first place, it helps to winthe war by maintaining the highwaysalready built so that the products ofthe farm can be hauled to marketcheaply, which means a reduction inequipment and man power necessaryto do the hauling and, furthermore,foodstuffs will be produced in greaterabundance if there is a way of getting them to market, and new roadsshould be built only if they are of aneconomic and military importa-nce.At the same time, good roads willassist a great deal in relieving thecongestion on the railroads.Second, counties that vote an extra road tax are not making any advancement whatever, they are merelystanding still, as it is necessary nowto have the extra tax because it requires about two dollars this year togo as far as one dollar did last year.Third, the road system of a countyrepresents several hundreds of thousands of dollars and if the roads arenot maintained the original investment will be lost, and if sufficientfunds are not provided for such purpose we will suddenly find we haveno roads and instead of conservingwe have been wasting.Fourth, twenty cents an the onehundred dollars is only two dollarson the thousand, which is practically-negligible so far as money is concerned and means very little to any one,man. we snouia remember tnat tneroads are the peoples' property, andnot merely the hobby of any FiscalCourt.Fifth, there are numerous ways inwhich we can can conserve beforeadvocating the false theory of cuttingthe necessary expense for road work,because roads are not a luxury, buta necessity especially in times ofwar.MRS. BURIfS' LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me offlux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same coniplaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."( ad v-July)m ?s isENGINEER IN WRECK IS HELDFOR MANSLAUGHTERAlonzo Sargent, engineer on theMichigan Central equipment trainwhich recently crashed into therear end of a Hagenbeck-Wallacecircus train, was held to the grandjury at Hammond, Ind., on chargesof involuntary manslaughter on affidavits presented by acting CoronerH. C. Green in the Lake County Superior Court. Gustave Klauss, Sargent's firepian, also was held, chargjed with involuntary manslaughter.;Bond was fixed at $8,000 for Sargentand $5,000 for the fireman.i The unidentified bodies of 47 victims of the wreck were buried in onegrave with ceremonies under the auspices of the Showman's League ofAmerica.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveov trnnhle of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine win ao lor you.They only cost a quarter.- - - adv-july)THE BOURBON... .y. . ,' ; " '' rr .. . '. aw a a , ,' . '.' .'rs-A'''svsA'sssA.'.?s,j'vY';,7;; . JV '"yt tvaYtervfffrMfvla musical sensation." Boston Herald."The NaVassar Band at Big IslandPark tickles the ears of its audienceswith easy airs, stirs their blood withenthusiastic rhythm, clogs theirsenses with time, tune and jingle andarouses them with original and picA CRUTCH WITH ROCKERS.According to the Journal of theAmerican Medical Association, Dr.Robert G. Hall, of Portland, Ore., hasimproved upon the classic crutch,which has remained in its presentform, we suppose, for centuries, bythe addition of rockers. These rockers, adjusted to the ends of thecrutches, greatly facilitate the progress of the user; he makes muchfaster time with far greater, ease.The arc of the rocker, as we understand the description, is designed toapproximate that described by themovement of the shoulders when theordinary form crutch is employed.Thus the shoulder become the axisinstead of the ferrule of the crutch,greatly reducing the apiount of energy required. The crutch withrockers has the obvious disadvantageof being rather unwieldy, conspicuous and heavier than the old style"prop." Otherwise, it would seem to Jbe a notable improvement. Onewonders "why. no one ever "thoughtof it before."THE JULY AMERICAN MAGAZINEThe story of "Froghorn" Macdonald, who, at fifty-three, enlisted inthe Canadian forces by swearing thathe was thirty-nine, is told in theJuly American Magazine. In addition, there are such articles as aninterview with A. Barton Hepburn,the famous banker, who asks whether you are the right age for your job;"Positively the Last Appearance ofJohn Barleycorn," which tells howlittle whisky is left in the country;"My Experience With Women inMen's Jobs," the story of ttie employer who has had to hire women because of the war; "The Biggest Tax-icab Man in America" tells aboutJohn Hertz, of Chicago; "HumanNature, as Seen by a Pullman Porter," and "The Advantages of BeingHomely,", by Irvin S. Cobb, America'sgreatest humorist.The fiction includes fine stories byWilliam Dudley Pelley. Jack Lait.Royal Brown and Lowell Otus Reese, jand Holworthy Hall continues hisgreat serial, "The Man NobodyKnew." Sid Says, " 'Don't Use YourHead Use. Mine,' Says the .Kaiser." jThe Interesting People, FamilyMoney, and gravuer pictures are allas interesting as always.THE JOY OE LIVING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it.( ad v-july)STATE REFORMATORY INMATESRAISE $53.32 FOR RED CROSSThe men of the State Reformatory,at Frankfort, are doing all in theirpower to help crush the Kaiser andhis forces. The inmates of this institution have started a fund for theAmerican Red Cross and to date haveraised $53.32. The fact that donations ranging from 5 cents to $1were given shows the sacrifices thesemen have made in many cases.Curt Jett, notorious prisoner, saidin part in his letter in which thecheck for the Red Cross was included: "This is to help to win the war,to put down Kaiserism and help thosethat need help."LAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it.. I (advrjuly)NEWS, PARIS, KY.tJjTHawrc-' v ' " 'Attraction.turesque devices." -Minneapolis Tribune. This remarkable collection of younglady musicians will be the big musicalfeature of the local Chautauqua. Theywill be heard in two concerts on thesixth day.NOW, THE KAISER WILL GET HISITNISH.Dr. Sheldon Leavett, of Chicago,president of the National OptimisticLeague is going to put the Kaiser outof business. Dr. Leavett, who sayshe is a "Mental Scientist" and "HolyEmotionalist," explained it this way:"The league has just been organized by me for the life, liberty andpursuit of optimism, and I expect toenroll about 20,000,000 members.Twice a day the 20,000,000 optimistsshall, at a designated hour, concentrate intelligently, grit their teeth,stamp their feet and simultaneouslywish dire things for the Germans.The enemy shall be mentally electrocuted. "I call down upon the German government disaster, catastrophe, ruin,disease, pestilence, annihilation andthe plague," is the 'ritual,' and additional misfortunes wished upon theKaiser's head," Dr. Leavitt said. "ItwijJUjnake more easy for the couragousnSbsts of the American Armyand Navy to crush the enemy."State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sowrn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.( ad v-july)wi ps m 'New Version of a Beatitude.Blessed are the rnor, for they shallnot keep up appearances. Neithermust they read the books that arewritten about them. From AtlanticAvoid Neglect of Duty.A great many things contribute tomake life a success, but yon can spoilIt stnply by neglect.M1CKIE SAYSif nou .vv.e ooaAM' SAN SO V nntsAwhether nov) -Cell us oq.SONEBOON ev.SE, JEST SOnou -ell soMWOtyv rrWILL DO US JOOO evfHEfc.VS&V. WQ,MK NiOllMi Qw-UWftMcC0RMKBINDERSBest inPLENTY OFBINDERTWINESee Us For All Kinds ofFarm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant Stc." ' ?G " fm S5 " SZ aaGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street"Stzfs1 r: j ,r? -jt iBfc.BourbonParis1 rA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 . Home Phone 169-2mmmrtbe Worldu'isI3.-:Satisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparednone, and solicit yourpatronage.Laundry,Kentucky.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and foiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethatyou are effecting a greatvjng, must surely satisfy youA phone brings us.JH1"mmmmmmmmmmttmmmmmTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.1AI EIGHTTUESDAT, JULY 1, ltlS.v - , j-2Jfr'tHnilltHHHmfmHHH4HHHHIIIIHIIIII;CSS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO-ili The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night s . - 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our fLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.1 1 1 1 1 lttH 1 1 1 IH 1 HHHI 1'1-i -1 I-H'f 1 1 !g $MILLERSBURG"Miss Laura Jefferson is -some bet-Quite a number of dogs werepoisoned nere last Thursday night.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best havereturned after a two-weeks' sojourn'.t Dawson Springs.Mr. Oscar Current, of Pewee"Galley, was a guest of relatives hereJrom Tuesday until Friday.The Thrift Stamp drive during ther3?ast week went far over the top,rasiore than forty thousand dollars be3isg raised.Mrs. J. H. Stuart received a letter a few days ago announcing thecritical illness of her mother, Mrs.McConnaghay, of Kansas. Owing toed liealth Mrs. Stewart was unableo so to her.Lieut. G. M. Jones, of the Hospital Department of the U. S. Navy,--art; Norfolk, Va., is at home on a-short furlough. Mrs. Jones is re-.-sidingat Lexington, joining himHiere.Owing to strict government regulations I am compelled to enforce a3tliirty days' business, and ask all ac--counts be paid July 1st, as we must'Slave money.(It) J. T. JUDY.Miss Mary H. Taylor a-nd nieces,'Mesdames K. R. and A. M. Vaught,"jQie latter of Indianapolis, Ind., were.quests for a few days the latter endof the week of Mrs. K. D. Hutchings,of Lexington.Quite a number of friends a-ndrelatives fro-m the surrounding towns-attended the funeral of Mrs. M. E.' '3ffufcchcraft at the Methbdist churchrSuxfday afternoonDEATHS.TURNER.Mr. Charles R. Turner, for manyyears a prominent farmer and stockbreeder of this county, died late Sunday afternoon at the residence of hisdaughter, Mrs. Mary Walker, on Fifteenth street, after a long illness of acomplication of diseases.Mr. Turner after retiring from thefarming business went to Missouri,where he resided for several years.Returning to Bourbon county, he resumed the breeding and raising ofjack stock, in which he was quitesuccessful. Some few years ago hemoved to Paris, where he conducteda coal and feed business in the Dowbuilding, .opposite the Windsor Hotel.After that he engaged in the liverybusiness, which he was compelled togive upv on account of failing health.The f uneralwill be held at the residence this (Tuesday) afternoon at3:30 o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialwill follow on the family lot in theParis Cemetery. The active pallbearers will be George Redmon, Thos.J. Redmon, John Redmon, Wm. T.Redmon, C. D. Redmon and BennettTarr. The honorary pall-bearers willbe Walter Clark, James H. Haggard,W. W. Hinton, Kader Burroughs,Alex Butler, Lloyd Ashurst, Dr. J.T. Vansant and Samuel T. Talbott.CARTER.: xbllowed the remains to their lastunresting -place in the Paris Cemetery.After a long illness of a complication of diseases, during which hewas a patient sufferer. Mr. O. P.Carter, Sr., one of oldest and bestknown residents of Paris, where hehad spent an average lifetime, diedA large number -at.the. Massie Memorial Hospital, in-RELIGIOUS.'this city, Sunday morning at eleveno'clock.Mr. Carter came to Paris whenquite a young man, and engaged invarious occupations for a time, untilfinally he decided to become a merchant tailor. The opportunities inthat line at the time were rather! limited, but Mr. Carter by persist-""" ence and a determination to succeed,The W omen's Missionary Soci-. secured an apprenticeship under one-tyofthe Methodist church wilUieet; of the best cutters of his time, and4&e church this (Tuesday) after- eventually became a thorough work-rxocra at 2:30 o clock. A full attend- man. He was in business in Paris for-"yfcaice is requested. himself for a time, and. was also as-On account of unfavorable con- seriated ivith the clothing firm ofditioas the evangelistic rally and . Jos- w- Davis & Co., for a long time.' "-quarterly conference at Christian He was married in his early days to'church yesterday afternoon was Miss Retta Hinton, a. sister of Mr. J.'.indefinitely postponed. I T- Hinton, of this city, who preceded, , ,, ihim to the grave many years ago.JT". ' a.nder, Pastor of the Pres- Mr. carter was the father of six-fcyterian church of Carlisle, exchang- children, three of whom are living,;J1 pulpits with Rev. Rice, of Paris, Mr, 0. P. Carter, Jr., of Paris, Will-Sunday Rev. Lander preached two Carter, of Lexington, and Jack Car-powerful sermons, especially the ter of Chicago. One son, Mr. Rich-light sermon, which was pronounced ard carter, died several years ago,4onet)f the best sermans ever heard m also tw0 daughters, Mrs. Ida Carterhis -city. We would gladly publish Nayi0r and Mrs. Bessie Carter Byorn,-thentire sermon if we had the man- oth of indianapolis, Ind. Mr. Car-vscript. To point out any particular teP was one 0f the oldest members of-portion of the sermons, would do m- the Bourbon Lodge I. 0. O. F., and ajustice to the remainder, as from member of the Paris Christiantart to finish he held the closest at- churchmention of the congregation. We can ; The 'funeral was held at the resize retrain, mm ever, irom mention- dence of his son, Mr. O. P. Carter,.. x,.,.. v, ,..,. v-u. .iivi wm-. r n-n uincr WiP-htn atroot voetorlQw1T11pared the American soldier to the-xninistering angel at Gethsemane.x m m mB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts"VWLMXS ABD POSTOITTCE TO BECLOSED THURSDAY.- '"Thursday will be the "Glorious"Fourth of July," the day we celebrate. "Being a legal holiday the"ianks and postoffice will be closed, so"that 'their employes may spend theIay in relief from the routine work.No business will betransacted atthe postoffice, except that the generalalivery, and stamp windows will beopen from 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.'for the accommodation of the public.vTaere will be no tity delivery or"collftction, and the rural carriersTrill nqt go out on their routes. Nouaiaeos -will be transacted in the-Sssagfetry or money order departments.afternoon at five o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. B. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The burial followed on 'the family lotin the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Jos. W. Davis, John J. Connelley, M. H. H.Davis, Ellis Hukill, Dr. A. H, Kellerand W. R. Hukill.m Ml M-BIRTHS.In this city, Saturday afternoon,to the wife of Mr. J. C. Nickerson,roadmaster of this division of theLouisville & Nashville, a son.To the wife of Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptistson. Mrs. Goldsmith wasMiss Corinne Daniel, ofcnurcn. aformerlyOwenton.Tuesday, July 2ndWilliam Fox PresentsTHEDA BARAIN, "DU BARRY"The story of the greatest adventuresss inthe history of FranceAlso Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe 12th Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, July 3rdJesse L, Lasky PresentsSessue HayakawaIN"The White Man's Law"Also a "Luke" Comedy,"Kicked Out," and PatheNews No. 47.Thursday, July 4thClara Kimball Youngand Her Own CompanyPresent"The House of Glass'A masterful drama with a moral and apunch.Also a Mutt and JeffComedy and Pathe NewsNo. 46.PricesAt the AlamoChildren5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At tCor"ildOT P tex lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c., Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults lOc-war tax lc.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license ivas issuedlast week from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. HermanBlake and Miss Adalama Donnell,both of this county. .A marriage license wa's issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. Glenn Elmore Allen, and Miss Mary WareKimble, both of near Cincinnati.CORNISH CLARK.The following beautifully-engravedannouncement cards havebeen received here by friends and relatives of bride and groo(m:"Mrs. Margaret Demaree Maddoxannounces the marriage of theirniece, Mary Armyl Cornish, to Mr.William Preston Clark, on Monday,June the twenty-fourth, nineteenhundred and eighteen, Nicholasville,Kentucky.""At Home after August first, Epworth, Kentucky."The bride is a most charmingyoung woman, a graduate of the classof 1913 at the Bourbon College, inthis city. She has frequently visitedParis friends, especially at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Calvert. The groomis a successful young farmer andtrader, and is a nephew of Mrs. J. V.Lytle, of Paris.BROWN RICE.Although the knowing ones slylyintimated that they "knew it wasgoing to happen soon," the an;nouncement of the engagement ofMiss Elizabeth Brown, daughter ofDr. J. T. Brown, and Rev. J. J. Rice,pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, yet has about enough of thesavor of a fresh news item to warrantTHE NEWS in saying it is a fact,and that the happy event will takeplace in this city some time in theco,ming months.Miss Brown is one of the socialfavorites of Paris, a young womanpossessed of graces of character thatwill make her an ideal helpmeet.She is the possessor of physicalbeauty that appeals, and has acharming manner that has made hera host of friends.Rev. Rice is one of the most popular young ministers who has yetfilled the pastorate for the congregation of the local church. He becamean instant favorite with Paris people, and his hold on their affectionsgrows stronger with the passing ofdays. He is an eloquent and forcefulpulpit orator, and a man whom it isa pleasure to know!THE NEWS extends congratulations this far in advance of the event,and wishes for Rev. Rice and hishandsome bride-tohe all the joys thatcome to those who plight their trothfor 'better or worse.I. 0. 0. F.-AUXniAUIES ELECTNEW OFFICERS.At the recent (meeting of ImperialEncampment Patriarchs Militant ofthe I. O. O. F., the following officerswere elected to serve for the newterm.Chief Patriarch, Chas. W.'Fothergill; Senior Warden, Jan Smitz; HighPriest, James H. Rye; Junior Warden, James Owsley; Treasurer, L. M.VanHook; Host, Jas. T. Hill. Theofficers will be installed to-morrownight.The following new officers wereelected by Paris Rebekah Lodge No.7 at their recent meeting:Noble Grand, Mrs. Nannie Rose;Vice-Grand, Mrs. Lula Ewalt; Secretary, Mrs. Ida Snyder; Treasurer,Miss OIlie Chambers; Host, A. R.Dennison.Mrs. Hawkins, State President ofthe Rebekah Assembly, visited thelodge at this meeting, and was givena warm welcome by a large audience.At the meeting of Bourbon LodgeI. O. O. F. held at the lodge room lastnight the new officers recently elected, were inducted into office. Reportsof the various committees were alsoheard.JULY C0TJHT DAY.As a matter of course, there wasbut a small crowd in the city yesterday attending the monthly "courtday. The busy season and the prospect of facing collectors of July accounts possibly kept the greater partof the farmers at home. But whatever the reason, there was little -doingon the market.Merchants report collections slow,Jbut considerable business transactedby shoppers. There was but little- 'stock on the market, and a fewhorses and mules changed hands atfair prices. The usual court day accomplishments of the blind violinists,beggars, etc., filled in the gaps in anotherwise colorless "court day" inParis.SEVENTY-FIVE COLORED MENIN NEXT DRAFT CALLOf the 3,000 colored selectives called from Kentucky to report for military duty at Camp Zachary Taylor,from July 15 to July 20, inclusive,Paris and Bourbon county will supply seventy-five. According to reports from Frankfort the Bourboncounty men will entrain here onJuly 19.The Central Kentucky quotas andthe dates they are fo report aregiven in a notice from Frankfort, asfollows:July 16 Clark, 50; Garrard, 50;Jessamine, 25; Madison, 75: July17 Scott, 50; Woodford, 50: July18 Boyle, 50; Shelby, 50. July 19f Bourbon 75; Fayette, 50; Franklin, 50; City of Lexington, 250.fsi lea E3WEATHER MAN'S GUESS FORWEEK JULY 1-6.Weather predictions for the weekbegnning Monday, issued by theWeather Bureau, are:"Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Showers first of the week and againabout the end of week. Normal temperature." Heavy showers fell Sunday morning and evening, cooling the superheated atmosphere, and adding aninch an hour to the growth of vegetation, already hustling topward under the stimulation of the hot sunshine and former rains. The heavyrains with hail reported from somelocalities, sent the mercury in thermometers down several degrees, anda cool wind made Sunday night andyesterday just a little bit uncomfortable for wearers of "ice cream suits,"but pleasing to those who suffer fromhigh, temperature.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDrAt Farmers & Traders BankCITIZENS OF PARIS READ!CONCERNS YOU!THISPublic notice has frequently beengiven that you should boil all waterused for domestic or drinking purposes, whether it be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. There maybe water-borne disease at any timeof the year, more especially, however during the late summer andautumn months.This Board has no information tosuspect such disease or diseases presently, yet it realizes such possibility, and the object of this notice is toprotect the public against any danger from this source.' Don't be unfair and say you havenever seen nor heard of this notice.The quickest means to reach all thepeople is through a city's local papers, hence this communication.Again, WATER-BORNE DISEASESARE ABSOLUTELY PREVENTEDBY BOILING WATER. Will youheed this admonition or will you wilfully or negligently pursue thte eventenor of your way and regard thisnotice as worthless? It is Up to you.Antiques in. furniture may be allright. In milldams they are dangerous, and this Board so condemns.Changes in treatment of the watersupply have '..sen recently suggestedand are now in operation.A. H. KELLER,CityxHealth Officer.By Order of City Board of Health.(25-4t)8x on Plants.The chief reason for the existenceof sex In plants seems to be the needfor a constant change, a rejuvenation,and modification of the progeriathrough uniting the 'characters of twoIndividuals into one, thus new -formIrlse, vSummer Footwear3tSPECIALSThat Will Crowd Every Department This Week.The volume of business transacted by our buying staffmakes our chain of stores the peer of all in bargain giving.White Shoes, Oxfords and Pumpsincluded in this sale at prices less than the cost of making!idSV s8T -Hsfr BlackEvery Department is aBargainCenter !Ladies' mostbeautiful Gray,Mahogany, Tanand White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.sk'Ji jrrft y? sz.Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps dji qqLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords n qqLadies' Mahogany Tan English &o QCBoots and Oxfords $0,570Ladies' Black Kid o jaPumps $KJMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o jaOxfords, good makes $049Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and r AAOxfords, Walk-Over $O.UUMen's Gun Metal Button y jqand Lace Shoes $Z4"Boys' Gun Metal Lace and i haButton Shoes...." l.VVMen's Tan Scouts o o 4at $Z.Z4DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StorejS.Where Beauty and EconomyReignJmiOStVhira-