' . 'rX&Ai , .I vf , IK u t ;- -- ..-. --i&i V,&,baJv. .? .-iunumiLimWBSXXV -frW "'yPUBLISHED EVERY TpjESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29 1918THEt z- i--s: .'-.-,-. -BOURBONhmb .k aH m - m.- a m. hItEWSKk. r lH B .. B .H A. VV ""l . 'GUE BOYS" SOON TO RETURNTO THE OLD HOME.First units of the American Expeditionary Forces, to Teturn from overseas are expected to arrive in NewYork about the end of the presentreek. General March, chief of thestaff, announced that 382 officers and6,614 men of the air service andother detachments training in England now are hopieward bound onihA Minnekahda. Lanland axxfi cimasruisii iiucio. iuC it cwo snipsleft Leverpool last Friday and theOrca sailed on Saturday.The announcement means that themovement of the American troops vn:i!nV linftV" ffU A- x Ji.tnow in ringiaiiu, tue majoruy or .wnom are in air service aeiacnments,will continue steadily until all ofthem some 20,000 have returnedto this county. There are no regiments or other units of line troops inGreat Britain. The first movement ofthe larger units, such as "brigades anddivisions, will copie from Frenchports, it is assumed, as the Britishcross-channel service undoubtedly iscompletely occupied with the transportation of returning British troops.The mustering out of soldiers atCamp Zachary Taylor, preparatory totheir return to civil life has begun,and will continue at the rate of 1,000each day, until only a few companiesare left to keep the camp guarded.So far none of the mustered-out menhave T)een from Bourbon county.The plan is tq(send all the men fromone county home in a T)ody.Great care is being taken in thedemobilization of the Development"Battalions. No man is dischargedwho is suffering from a communiea- jble disease and others are being hidfor treatment who contracted disease or were injured while in the service. In the start of the men returningto their homes there is a vast contrast to the scenes of more than ayear ago when the first men of thedrafted army came to Camp Zachary ITaylor. They will leave the caimp Iquietly and in groups direct to theirhome towns wherever it is possible.. . f& ptft fRREALS ESTATE DEALS,iMr. Daniel Dawson sold to Mr. J.L. Reffett, the Dawson form of seventeen acres, located near Mt. Carmel, in this county, fo.r $7,000. ,Mr.Reffett will move to" the property onMarch 1, 1919. - 'Mr. Wi O. Butler, who recently scldhis farm on the Bethlehem pike, haspurchased of Mr. Jos. Connel a cotage in East Paris for $2,250. Mr.Butler will take possession of theproperty this week.iFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSAIMBitREDUCTIONSINSUITSAND .JERSEY AND SATINDRESSESFRA-NKTHIRTEENTH DISTRICT GOESAWAY OVER THE TOP.Copiplete returns from the Thirteenth United War Work district,composed of Bourbon, Harrison, Nicholas and Fleming counties, showsthat the district raised $26,840 morethan the minimum amount,was fixed at $72,937.whichFollowing are the figures: Bour-bon, minimum $38,305,M, ' , 9CO .. .raised' 552,474; Harrison,raised $21,800; Nicholas,raised $12,000; Fleming,amount$15,651,$6,993,$11,988,raised $12,296.In Bourbon county the negroesraiped $2,500, iiu Harrison county,$250, and in Nicholas county, $700,and four negro girls $20.In Harrison county, white boysraised $1,200, white girls. $1,200.In Nicholas county, white boys raised$630, and white girls raised $370; inFleming county, white boys raised$370; in Fleming county, white boysraised $500, and white girls $200.In Bourbon 213 white boys raiser $1,070 and 305 white girls raised $1,580. ONE DAILY DELIVERY BY PARIS: GROCERS.At a meeting of the grocers ofParis held recently, in conferencewith Mr. Eugene J. Straus, of Louisville, State Chairman of the Deliv-ery Conservation Service of Ken-tucky, it was decided to make but onedelivery each day over each route inthe city.Mr, Straus presided at the meeting,at which Mr. John T. Collins, Mr.James Caldwell and Mr. M. PealeCollier, members of the BourbonCounty Council of Defense, werepresent.The grocers and meat dealers havefor so(me time been in dissension re-garding the delivery of goods as mapped out by the local Council of Defense, co-operating with the NationalBoard. This is Mr. Straus' third visitto Paris in an endeavor to get thematter straightened out.CUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events", the sick or any-purposewhere flowers may be used. Prompt'attention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.I& GO.MR. WATERMAN TO ADDRESSFARMERS ON FEDERAL ILAND BANK. vMr.. Myron A. Waterman, speqialrepresentative of the Federal FarmLoan Bureau of Washington, D. jC.,will address the farmers of Bourbonpmmfv 1, l t. . t: , --to-morrow TfLlV V 3 Z lren d very interesting lettertw? S fUJday f tol?j from Sergt. Carl Lenox, of Paris, hoSi; iV116 in,terest of he at Camp Gordon, Georgia,-in theNEW? ri wk wimE ice. The letter catoe too late forWw entlyr- Waterman said: publication under thTregular headto thP ri J??E ning more important ing, "Letters From Our Soldiers andfi ? J"? er Jhan tne utilizations of Sailors," and will be printed in ourhis credit to increase Tiis earning rnext issuepower by the application o'f Intend- j ' j, j. j,fled fmpfhnrtc nf fa-rmi-nn rmAlr.SlJ ! T T Tstock and gain. e I&i3lfflBank of LonisviliP nrnvifl00 . Jl1-JS1"wherehv ho r.n.n rtn en -aAHeretofore.generally speaking, his credit hasbeen of such a character that themore he used it, the worse he was 6ff ,mo-rtgkgesTa'v-c T plied p tentfarmers have increased to an alarming degree. ; j"I found over 80 per cent.' of tonant farmers in Alabama aiidr80 percent, in Texas. There' are more tenant farmer in the twelve SouthernStates than land owners, and in Certain sections of Northern 'Iillinoie Ifound 30 per cent., 45 per cent, and Ias high as 90 per cent. Wisconsinhas approximately 20 per cent. dnd.Kentucky 34 per cent. I"The Federal Land Bank provides'a way whereby the landless.-man canget onto the land. The salvation ofour country is in making the tenantffarmer and hundreds of thousands ofstruggling toilers, wlio are eking outa miserable existence in our grkatcongested commercial centers, landowners, and thus make them outonly self-sustaining, happy, contentedand. prosperous, but producers of .thenecessities of life, which are so needed by millions of people throughoutthe world. - -"It is especially important at thistime that food productsjbe increasedto thp -maximum in order that thepeoples -6f the world might riot facea food famine and anything thattends toward this end is not only ofimmediate benefit to the "communitiesthemselves, but is likewise a wonderful service to the world at large."Imagine what prosperous cities we Iwould, have if there was a family onevery forty and eighty acres "withinouh trade territory. All these peoplewould need groceries, drygoods,boots and shoes, clothing, the-doctor,and probably the lawyer: The newspapers would have more subscribers,the banks more depositors and thetaxable wealth would. be so-infflpsdthat schools and community buildings would abound and the goodroads problem would be a thing ofthe past. The Federal Land Bankmakes all this possible and in time itwill come about, but we can hasten itif the interest in our villages and cities would extend a more helpful handand co-operate more generally andclosely with those who till the soil.Nations are great and powerful whenagriculture flourishes and when it decays, nations fall."The farmers can borrow 50 percent, of the value of their farms tothe extent of from $100 to?10;000,for from five to forty years time, at5 per cent, interest, semi-annualpayments, which are amortized. Borrowers, under the. old plan, owe Iheprincipal when the obligation fallsdue, but by borrowing from the Federal Loan Bank, by small semi-annualpayments, the borrower liquidates his. entire indebtedness and in34 years, he owes absolutely nothing. Then, too, the borrower has theprivilege of paying any or all of hismortgage off after five years. Thusit will be seen that this Federal institution has not only provided meansfor the farmer borrower to secure themoney he needs to carry on his business, but means by whichhe can payit back without taking any chanceson renewals, paying commissions orpossibly a higher rate of interest."NEPHEW OP PORMER PARIS MANHONORED IN SERVICEThe Frankfort State Journal hasthe following concefining Private J.Welsh Driscoll, of Detroit. PrivateDriscoll is a former resident of Parisand "has been a5! frequent visitor atthe home of the Misses Lenihan, InParis:"A former Frankfort boy has givenevidence of the stuff of which he ismade over on the fighting front inEurope and has been awarded Britishdecorations for gallantry in fightingalong the Vologda front in connection with the Russo-Allied ' "advancein the vicinity of Oboserskaya xn thetwenty-ninth of September. The following is taking from a cablegramfrom Archangel, Russia, giving anaccount of the citation:"Private J. W. Driscoll1047 Palmer avenue,.east, Detroit, is awardedthe military -medal -for great gallantry and devotipnto duty. In the faceof heavy machine gun fire he workedhis (machine gun 'in a covering movement of the Franco-American troopsto the.bridge at Verst 458. By his bold jaction and determined resistance he.fgreatly helped in beating off counterattacks."Private James Welch. Drismll ira son of Mr. .John Driscoll, formerlyor tnis city, and-was born and rearedhere, and is a cousin. of Mrs. L. D.Stucker. A. the time the war brokeout -he was working in Detroit, Mfcto-lgan, ana enlistedfrom that citv.ea -perferrmg to remain Just Private .m - l.,I IN THE SERVICE 0$ THEIRZ COUNTRY.. -" - "o "D ueeu iiauuea artlQto THB BJS fJomrB:Wilson, son of Mr. and Mrs;iVHYia Wilson, of Pans, who is in theAviation Corps of the American E. F.in France, says:"Since writing to you some months,ago I am in a Base Hospital in'HZZZEW" lucky anflam getting along fine."4. 4.Tilford Burnett, of Paris, who hasbeen a, member of the Students'Army Training Corps, at Camp Buell,in, Lexington, has volunteered foroverseas service. Mr. Burnett hasbeen, advised that he may soon betransferred to an Atlantic Coastarmy camp, from where' he will besent to France, to .lielp in army occupation work;Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Keller, of nearShawhan, are in receipt of a letterfrom their son, Private Snell Keller,who is a member of the Rainbow Di-vision of, the American ExpeditionaryForces, stating that he was in a BaseHospital in Paris, France. PrivateKeller was recuperating from" the effects of being "gassed" while in theservice on the battleffont in France.Corp. Joe Mitchell, who is in theRailway Branch of the army servicein France, cabled his parents, Mr. andMrs. Newton Mitchell, in Paris, thathe is well and happy. Postcards fromCorp. Mitchell to Paris friends stated that he, as rwell as other Parisboys, hoped to be back in God'scountry soon, but how soon he couldnot say. ,Mr. Filmore . Shumate, of nearParis, received a letter from his son,Elmer, who is in France, stating thathe" was well, happy and contentedwith army life. Private Shumatecomplained of the laxity of the mails,stating he had written four letters intwo months, but had not received ananswer to any of them. He said thathe expected to he back in Bourbon,soon.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis havereceived a letter from their son, Mr.Jos. W. Davis, Jr.. stating: that hehad been transferred rrom his oldplace at Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation, at Great Lakes, 111., to CampLuce. Mr. Davis states that the chiefjoy in living out there is receivingand reading THE NEWS, '"whichcomes,'' he says, "like a blessing fromHeaven."Mr. and "Mrs. Clifton Dalzell, ofnear Paris, have receiyed a cablegram from their son, Private ShirleyDalzell, now in France, stating thathe is well and contented, but hopinghe may soon be able to make the return trip overseas. Private Dalzellin a letter wrote that the French people were actually wild about theAmerican soldiers and called them"Our good deliverers."THE NEWS is in receipt of a copyof "The Fleet Review," published atWashington, D. C, in the interest ofthe enlisted men of the U. S. Navy.The magazine is a first-class specimenof typographical art, and is filledfrom cover to cover witl bright,snappy articles pertaining to UncleSam's men in the navy. The book wassent by Carl Mitchell, of Paris, whois stationed on the U. S. S. "SouthCarolina," as a member of the engineer's corps.Corporal John M. Stuart, stationedat Aberdeen Proving Grounds, nearHavre de Grace, Maryland, returnedthere Tuesday after a visit of severaldays to his parents, Mr. -and Mrs. Geo.W. Stuart, on Mt. Airy avenue. Although connected with Governmentwork at the Proving Grounds, whereshells and guns for the army andnavy are tested, Corporal Stuart resides in Havre de Grace. He is in themechanical department of the armyservice, where he has become verypopular.Mr. John Keitb. Vansant, who is inthe aviation branch of the service atLangley Field, Hampton, Va., is hereto spend the Thanksgiving holidayswith his parents, Dr. and Mrs. J. T.Vansant, On Pleasant street. Mr.Vansant, during his connection withthe aviation service has had a seriesof thrilling experiences. On'one occasion when makincr a hieh altitude flight his machine stopped ata height of 8,000 feet. -The machinedropped to the ground, but Mr. Vansant escaped with a few bruises.Private Edgar Vansant, his youngerbrother, who is stationed at -CampZachary Baylor, as a member. of theOftlcers Training Corps, arrived Wednesday on a furlough visit. 1., '"Reports of, my death af e greatlyexaggerated,', writes Sergeant, Sam"uel Robinson, .of near Millersburg,wholike Mark Twain, resents rema-tuie uuuuuiLis c nis demise, seririiA .-,. . J-v-t ..-'n 11.11 I'l.nn 1 iw u rmmt ii'i 11 i-iri v iiiiiiCOURT OF APPEALS DECLARESPOR PERSONAL USE" CLAUSEThe Court of Appeals, at Frankfort, Wednesday, held that the personal use clause, an amendment toth local option law, passed by the lastLegislature prohibiting the taking ofintoxicating liquors into local optionterritory for personal use is unconstitutional. The Court savs thlt ft.will be necessary to amend the Con -stitution to give the Legislature au-tnority to pass such a law.Thomas Barber, who lives at Morehead, in Rowan county, bought threequarts of liquor in Lexington and carried them to Rowan county, which islocal option territory: H& was indicted by the Rowan Circuit Court on Jthe charge of violating the personaluse clause of the local option ststute. He was convicted, fined $60 andsentenced to twenty days in jail.Taking an appeal the case was decided Wednesday in his favor.The Court says that it decided thisquestion in the case of the Commonwealth against Campbell, 133 Ky. 50and the Commonwealth againstSmith, 163 Ky. 227 and as there hasbeen no amendment to the Constitution, there is no reason why the Courtshould change its opinion. Commissioner Clay wrote the opinion of theCourt, the whole Court sitting and-none of the members of the Court dissented.' JnINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,tc. Wt settft quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.county, denying the report indignantly. About six weeks ago Mr. Robinsonhad a telegram from the War Department stating that his son had beenkilled in action July 20, and the localnewspapers had accounts of thedeath. Mr. Robinson had a letterfrom his son saying that he had readthe notice and was jquite all right,although he had been gassed. Theletter was dated October 20, and wasthe first received from liim for several months. ' . . -Mr. Robinson has 'fanqthfr sojl,Fred, who is in the. army'and whowas aboard the, transport Covingtonwhen it was sunk by a German torpedo the night of July 10.Mrs. C. M. Brown, of Paris, has received news of the death,- In Franceof. her Bephewt Jesse ;Dxkesf Jr.',rfMadison county. Young Dykes wasreported as killed in action on October 4. His brother, Russell Dykes isa member of the American Expeditionary Force now m France. JesseDykes is a grandson of Mr. T. Dykes,of Paris, and a son of Mr. and Mrs.Jesse Dykes, of Richmond. He wasabout twenty-four years old, and hadbeen in France but a few months.KiWE KNOW HOWDo YourShoppingAnd Let Your Gift to HimBe Practical and UsefulWhat is more appropriate or more appreciatedthan one of Mitchell & Blakemore's Suits or Overcoats? Handsome patterns and dependable cloth.STYLISH CLOTHESFOR YOUNGClothes that are tailored and made by the best tailorsin the country Stein-Bloch and Michael-Stern make$25.00 to $60.00Many Other DesirableGifts Youll Find HereSMOKING JACKETSBATH ROBES. 'SILK SHIRTS SILK HOSIERYBEAUTIFUL NECKWEAR .. KNIT VESTS SWEATER COATSSILK AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFSGLOVES FUR CAPSHAND BAGS AND TRAVELING CASESMITCHELL &Dr. Reett's Cushion Sole Shots NUmkUm SrTO ATTEND VICTORY WAR MPOSITION.in compliance with a request froao.'the promotors of the big Victory WarExposition, which is to he kl-4 atMusic Hall, In Cincinnati, Dec. 14 tat22, inclusive, Major January has called a meeting of business men. to biheld at e court house next Tueadayjnight at 7:30 o'clock.At this meeting a representativefrom Cincinnati will be present ani.'explain the plans and purpose of thiexhibit, which Is sanctioned, by tme W.S. Government. Delegates t attULthe exhibit, as representativefe'of tW'"city of Paris will be appointed at tW- 'meeting.Mayor January received the 'following letter from Mr. Joseph Schmiat,of Cincinnati, Chairman of the Victory War Exposition:"Cincinnati, O., Nor. 25, IMS."Hon. E. B. January, Paris, Ky-i"My Dear Mr. Mayor r '"It has been our great pleasure toreceive from the Executive Committee the announcement that youhare.been appointed Honorary Commissioner of the United States and Allied Governments War Expoaitioawhich will be held in Cincinnati, December 14 to 22 Inclusive."Our District Representative willvisit your city on December 2na, at7:30 p. m. to present to you the en- vtire plans and purposes of this Government War Exposition."Will you please arra-nge to haveat the conference representatives of 'your various organizations, business,labor and fraternal, press -City nd 'County officials, school officials, .mer-chants tind manufacturers, four mimute speakers, your foremost citizensand any other people in your community (men and women) whom, youchoose to invite."It will be a great help If you willask representatives from neighboringtowns, villages and cities, in yourown and adjoining counties, to attend, as it will he impossible forourrepresentatives to visit every town."Please reply as soon as possible,designating the place of meeting.Use the enclosed envelope, whiclx.does not require stamp. '"The war is over come see how itwas done.""Yous very truly,"JOSEPH SCHMnXT, Chairman."SYSTEMATIC SAVING-PLAN.The Bourbon Building & Loair-As-sociatlonoffers the ideal systsaatoplan for saving definite amounts -regularly, and gives the best returns onsuch savings.We invite those who think theycannot save systematically or regularly to join our new series, which,opens Saturday, Dec. 7th.H. A. POWER, President.WELL S. ARNSPARGER, SectCnov29-2t)IIChristmas!MIII1IIIKIKIINowAND OLDIBLAKEMOREhjZmA0mIADIES' OUTFITTERSf'Vj1""Nettletoh Shpes-,-?-hStttsMiHato' V vu. 1t. t &rrw'fr--tUnkind5fe2Lrf38h JftZ"Clli-0ldl?n&1Kctlon' and immediately-wrote HiUrJ areJT3T-V."v l-- ea jt zt-a&r.11'TZ3- - ?v.; - c 2 - f -f,r.1'Av-Jj. -" -- -, ,1HeTt 20, read inI Sii8:11?"1" u.ut of the-4ihUe aber that lie ad bWkilled11 - -- - -"' . ' -i MGETTWOTHE ' BOURBON NEWS, -PABIS, KEWHJCWit.,.FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, lSl1,Mhin ',kDIEBOURBdNNEWSfcfcrtfiilied 188136 Years of Conturnout Publication 'Nrtished Every Tuesday and FridayJFfcr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .?1.00Payable in Adavance.mr& CHAMP, Editor and Owner..Mtdred "at tne Paris, Kentucky,BMto&c as Mail Matter of theacomi Class.)EDITORIAL KUSIN6S.Getting Back To Work.A prompt movement is reported in"ismpioyments for those whowir dranr , away for emergencyrkiathe Government service or inwfoblirrfiments that were' having'work done in support of that service,tm gjBtjbUfCk to the old places or to emjiom6ii& that will be steady and mays;irmUttettt. This is one of the reiitmehts" that it Is desirable tokaro -hj&J -tinnecessaryily delayed.There ljiurbeen a great deal of prepamUon'work going on in offices andirawpera&d-ia connection with thedrafts, -lie1 purpose of which is nowtkn. nd. Various industries haveejbusy in work of production forthese preparation purposes, the de2MuaTi for which will now fall off.Ooasiderable shortage of service exMM is. offices and business establishments "aii'd ,in -various professional occvj&tioiis, bn account of voluntary ormmpuLsbry departures. Now thereay be a considerable return, whichwinj'ibe a' relief. So of industries-wfi&h. have been shut down or forcedi gp slo Wv , on account of the absorption, of both material and laborM.VWarw6rk." That work was ontao Increase all the time for a year ortwoVb&ck- Now it will slacken andkave gradually to dispense with laboraad .service, which will have to get"back to work on a prosaic peace-timescale.This will be a gradual process andnay ieed some official direction orjvTfti&tance" for a while. There is going1 to be ah extensive readjustmentCccupations and employments ofTaxfoW kinds, and the more systematic and co-operative that process ismade the better for all concerned.Conflict of interests and purposes itis most desirable to avoid7 so far asptodble, and it will be to- the adca lags'' o all concerned to avoid itand agree upon fair terms in an intelligent and reasonable way. I"Problems of Profit and Los?."The electric railways find that theyare in a "pretty kettle of fish," andthe situation throughout the countryis almost hopeless. According to Mr.Gadsden, than whom there are fewbetter informed upon the subject, thefacts lead inevitably to the conclusion "that the present system of reglating fares by franchises or commissions is admittedly not sufficientlylesponsive to violent and radicalchanges in operating conditions."He 'directs attention to the fact thatunder the present system, before thecompany can justify an increase of itsfare it must first show that for alonger or shorter period it has suffered oss under the existing fare,which loss cannot be compensated forby the new rate."Mr. Gadsden contends that 7theremust be a re-casting of the entirebasis of the relationship existing between the electric railways and thecommunities they serve," and, whilehe does not attempt to supply a panacea for the ills of the electric railway industry, he finds hope in an ultimate solution of the predicamentin which the industry has found itself through the "service at cost"plans recently adopted in Chicago,Boston and Cincinnati. "In the past,"he says, r'the soul interest of the community was thought to be in the service rendered, but with a broaderconception of the underlying problems involved there in a growingtendency to recognize a community ofinterest in the problems of profit andloss, as having a direct and immediate bearing upon the rate of fare.""Where are We Headed Tor?""Reconstruction" is a slogan, andit has succeeded "camouflage," '-morale,""cootie," and other words thathave been "pretty much in themouth" 'during past "months. Thephysical and industrial definition ofthe word has not been framed as yet,and it may stand for 'anything fromthe remaking of a country, a man; orour institutions. "Reconstruction"may place the country on a substantial basis, or surrender our wholeeconomic structure to the sort of socialistic programs that are on tap atthe Postofflce Department at Washington. , 'Within less than ayweekfrom the tijme the country delegatedthe official announcement that "thewar is over," Postmaster GeneralBurleson was moving to take controlof ocean cables under the act of Congress WhiclL-provides for seizing thewire lines of the nation as a "waremergency."The person is yet undiscovered whohas attempted to explain the existence of the "emergency" by whichthe telegraph and telephone lineswere wrested from private control?And whilethe law plainly states thatthese concerns shall be returned totheir owners immediately upon theclose of the wai, the strange anomalyis presented of Mr. Burleson announcing, after the signing of the armistice, that substantial reductions intelephone and telegraph rates andthe unification and consolidation ofthe various systems constitutes theimmediate program. His policy is fullof enigmas, but he wants us to believe that he proposes to "increasethe volume of business and justifyextensions."While the country "is welcomingthe" advent of "reconstruction" thePostofflce Department is -pursuingwhat many people believe to be anunauthorized program with nothingresembling constructive reconstruction within the vision of the dreamiest dreamer. Government controlduring the war period has given nosign that it will. win any medals ifthe system evolves into permanentgovernment ownership. Its conspicuous features so far have not been inthe lowered rates Mr. Burleson "expects to furnish, but in increasedcosts to the public all along the line.Lost $10 Reward.' Firestone automobile tire, 33x4.Return to Bourbon Garage and leceive $10.00 reward. (22-3t). rv ,. JWANTED.Good woman for general f housework, white or colored. Good "wages.MRS. DAVID ADES,. .170 Forrest Avenue,15-tf) Lexington, Ky.UNCEASING MISERYSome Paris Kidney Sufferers Get Little Best or Comfort.There is little sleep, little rest, little peace for many a sufferer fromkidney trouble. Life is one continualround of pain. You can't rest ataiight when there's kidney backache.Ydu suffer twinges and "stabs" ofpain, annoying urinary disorders,lameness and nervousness. You can'tbe comfortable at -work with dartingpains and blinding dizzy spells. Neglect these ailments and serioustroubles may follow. Begin usingDoan's Kidney Pills at the first signof disorder. Thousands have testifiedto their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly'benefited. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too frequently,making me get up often at night. Ihave used, a box of Doan's KidneyPills at those times and they have always rid pie of the complaint. Ithink they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs?, Buffalo, N. Y. ' (adv)la fe to"E.'Pluribus Unum" was a jest tothe Eengland of Diekens. It is a revelation to the Germany of Wilhelm II.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,'Eighth St Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy witlj, pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413,Lexington, Ky.For SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulletsand cokerels, also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five dayB.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.FOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hallrfour rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goodrepair. Also flats of three rooms andtwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J. B. NORTHOOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833.Administratrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Frank P. Bedford, are hereby requested to presentthem, properly proven,. as required bylaw, at the office of Talbott & Whitley, attorneys, in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank and .Trust Co. building, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of Frank P. Bedford are requested to call at the sameplace, and settle same. vMRS. ALLIE B. -BEDFORD,Administratrix of Frank P Bedford.(26-3t)- - . -., - r1WRIGLEYS3The Governmentwants tinJSo hereafter all three brandsof WRIGLEYS will be wrappedin pink paper and hermeticallysealed in wax.Look for WRIGLEYS in thepink-end package and takeyour choice of the samethree popular flavors.yBe sure togetWRIGLEYSfor qualityand becauseTheFlavor Lasts!LfikJLJSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.AZz f 'rr -floHmMtftHMtfHt'MfffUMMIMHtMMttMtMMHimmumMMMMtimmMMI(FACTS YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT)Results of State -WiProhibitionIn Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, KansasMaine, Michigan, North .Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Tennessee, West VirginiayHJ".5fSOHIO, the PIVOTAL STATE, HAS VOTED DRYLEGISLATURES were elected in 35 States November 5, 1918. Action upon the Ratification of the National Prohibition Amendment to theConstitution will be taken in the early part of their sessions, which beginin 1919. Fourteen States have ratified the amendment, and should 22of the 35 State Legislatures just elected take similar action NationalProhibition will become effective in 1920."Prohibition Facts and Figures' has just been compiled. It is abook of facts containing many statements on Prohibition by some of theWorld's most, noted authorities. Whether you are in; favor of or againstNational Prohibition, you owe it to yourself to become . acquainted- withrthe real facts of this question which is now engaging the attention ofLegislativebodes throughout the Nation. (Complete, Accurate and Dependable Information No Loyal American Can Doubt tbe Statements of the Following:iVsRISH. M. Leland, President Lincoln Motor Car Co.Jos. Boyer, President Burroughs Adding Machine Co.S. S. ICresge, President S. S. Kresge Co.John Trix, President American Injector Co.R&Webber, President J. L. Hudson Co.G:jiL Chisholm, President Atlas Steel Casting Co.RiH'. Davidson, President Davidson-lamack Fdy. Co.Calvin fesaex, President Essex Coal Co.G. D.'Lobdell, President Lobdell Car Wheel Co.FFljBeallVice President Faclard Motor Car Co..CL.,tHtton, Vice-President Lukens Steel Co.ShretaryrRosoniaTrbn Co.3-iSKj5ecretary "McIiTheVSteel Co.StorW. SrvisorCalrpenferteel Co.-e?A. K. Lewis, Director Safety and Labor, American Rolling Mill Co.W. D. Brennan, Assistant Manager Union Pacific Coal Co.W. B. Pierce, Superintendent Buffalo Bolt Co.E. P. Ross, Superintendent Colonial Iron Co.W. V. Johns, Curtis Mfg. Co. " .Ex-President Theodore Roosevelt.Ex-President Wm. H. Taft.Frank A. Vanderlip, . Chairman National- War SavingsCommittee. - 'Lloyd George of England. v - . , N xSir5obert PordenPrime Minister of Canada ' "Simon LakeIriven tor of the Submarine. "vCardinal Gibbons.. ' 7 i jArchbishop Trelatid.A'Bishop Brewster of Maine,Josephus Danels,: Secretary U. S., Navy.General John J. Pershihgr U. S. A.Surgeon General United States Army.Major General Leonard Wood, U. S. A.Major General -John F. O'Ryan, U, S. A. y iColonel W. J. Nicholson, iJ. S. A.Governor Geo W. P. Hunt, of Arizona. , rGovernor Julius C. Gunter, of Colorado.Governor Arth&r A.Cappr, of Kansas:Governor-Ruffin G Pleasant of Louisiana.Governor CaHEr Milliken, of Maine.Governor T. Vf. Bickett, of North Carolina.Governor Ernest-lister, of Washington.And many other ijews items of interest and timeliness:FINAL WORD -It is the purpose of this book to aid thosewho, without prejudice, desire to ascertain the views of men who4lh? 9Hctiont9f Prohibition from many, angles. Int j- m m ,Tthe compiler of this work has chosen what to.iitkim bore th ear-marks of sincerity, reason and losic.ORDER BLANKPROHIBITION PUBLISHERS,Postoffice Drawer No. 304, Covington, Ky.Enclosed find -twenty-five (25X. cents, in currency or PostofficeMoney Order, for which send me a copy "of ""ProHibitibn Factsaniguresi'f v s.Name ."Address . M ."".,..,. fc.LUUUX.;City State.'l WritmXmmBndJkd4r90Tlimlyftsi! -vx9:i-d.VI- ' -.-JfrvvvFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1918.-'THE BOUMOH inSra, mrh, XEHOTCTYxMB1 1:IIIIVBEITER THAN CALOMELThousands Have Discovered Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets area-Harmless Substitute.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substitute for calomel are a mHd but surelaxative, and their effect on the liver .13almos instantaneous. They are the resultpti-iiqwardsaetenninationnottotreat at a ---v-. t, .liver ana Dowel complaints with calomeL 1 ,,rtr.r ,? Ar .', l dUS ie" ut11 Ior UB- -tney are sure fine or-His efforts to banish it brought out these ul luuowl5 interesting: let- j ganization, and a help to our army.T . ..,. 1 fletters from bourbon county1 soldiers, and sailors -111little olive-colored tablets. vifr pom ner son, James L. Parker, ofThesepleasant little tablets do the cood i 1' n? ! serving m France as athat calomel does, but have no bad after ,memer of the American Expeditioneffects. Thevdnn'f-ininra fa fK i;i, aiT Force. The letter is an unnen.strong liquids or calomel. They take hold ?lly interesting one. Private Parkerof the trouble and quickly correct it. Why ! a member of Co. B., 103rd F. S. B.cure the liver at the expense of the teeth?Calomel sometimes plays havoc with thegums. So do strong liquids. It is best notto take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'Olive Tablets take its place.Most headaches, "dullness" and thatOlive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and"heavy." Note how they "clear" cloudedbrain and how they "perk up" the spirits2Qc and 25c a box. All druggists.JUMPS'si;11.' LfJSftgBest Canned Soupsper can 1 OcScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $1.24Pancake Flourper package .15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck ....' 90cNew Mince Meatper package 1 2cThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure Fruit Preserves. MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court HouseHis letter was undated and evidentlyxviitue-n Deiore tne signing of theanmistlce:"Dear Mother: This leaves mewell and I hope you all at home arethe same. JLarn now living m a fineplace. It was once occupied by aGerman General and staff, but theyare going toward Germany just now,and going very fast. "They left everything here in very good, order,with the exception of a few shellholes in the roof. That does not matter much, you know, because none ofus sleep under the holes, and w rfrmmind a little water in the house whenJit rains. '"We captured a typewriter, twostoves, lots'' of German blankets anda lot of stuff the Germans were cooking on their stoves when we ran inon them. We were pretty hungryjust then, so it came in very handyyou see. I don't think I will be in'dug-outs for a while now.. Just nowwe have electric lights and good bedsto( sleep in."The Germans are going very fastand we might haveto Advance verysoon though. I am very close to, Germany, and I expect to go throughi Berlin very soon. I guess the quickerwe get there the quicker we will getback home. The Germans are justrealizing that nothing can stop theAmerican advance, and they are saving everything they possibly can andgetting away before the Americansj can get them. I have seen the Germans two hundred yards from us atnight and the next morning theywould be five miles in front of usgoing like H . But they wouldleave machine guns behind in the.woods, but they don't last long withus. About five Apiericans surroundeach machine gun, and that would.be last you would hear of it."Well, we have just elected one ofour boys cook and he is making a fireand getting ready to fry us steak. 1am writing this in our new kitchenand I am in the cook's way, so I willjhave to close now. I might be in; Germany when you hear from meagain. The Salvation Army, Y. M. C."A.. K. of C. and Red Cross keen risrht5-snr-?-gfi j along with us and do everything theyLet us hear from you real soon.as we certainly do appreciate lettersfrom home."Lovingly Yours,"Prvt. Jajmes L. Parker,"Co. B., 103d F. S. B.,"A. P. O. 744,"American E. F.,"France."'JAMES.Ensign Monroe-Sweeney, has returned to his station at the U. S.Naval Air Station, NavaL-OperatingBase, Hampton Roads Norfolk, Virginia, after a visit to Paris relatives.He4 writes as follows:'November 21, 1918."Dear NEWS: Returned safely after a long and tiresome trip acrossthe sands to the former expositiongrounds at Jamestown, now used asa base for Uncle Sam's sea and airforces."My commission was waiting forme-upon my return, and am now anEnsign in the naval reserve flyingcorps."Conditions here are very unsettled so far as one's future is concerned, and everyone is speculatingas to 'what disposition will be madeof us. Had it not ended when it didI learned when I returned that therewere about eight of us who wouldhave received t foreign orders, butthey, of course, have been temporarily cancelled. Rumor has it someof us will be sent to the Baltic Seaand Kiel Canal for patrol duty, andanother has it we will be put on theinactive list as soon as the terms aresigned. I am personally inclined tobelieve the last to be correct. However, the only information we can getfrom Washington is to 'carry on.'"I believe you said something abouthaving- trouble with my addresswhen I was home, as I have not beengetting THE NEWS regularly. I amnow staying in town and will giveyou Tny address there, which I believe will relieve matters however,both old and new address will reachme."I notice where the force opposingOld John in Ohio scored a victory inthe recent election. Where wasCinti.? Write one as you find timeand give my kindest regards to the'bunch.'"Very Sincerely Yours,"ENSIGN MONROE SWEENEY,"545 Warren Crescent,"Norfolk,, Va."N.rx,XHEUNlVERSAA, CARThe War is Over!The Ford Motor Co, starts immediately tomanufacture pleasure cars. We can furnish cars very shortly to our customers.Place yourxrder now for an early, delivery, and do not overlook the service youwill receive in purchasing a car from us.HOfRiiggles MotorParis, KentuckySOCIAL AND PERSONALComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs.'C. B. Thomas, of MM way,is a guest of Mrs. Margaret Burnett.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb madea business trip to Cincinnati, Tuesday. (Mrs. Gertrude Henry and children are visiting relatives in Wilinore, Ky.Mr. A. L. Burley has returnedfrom a visit to his brother, Mr. O.H. Burley, in Ashland.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiserhave returned from a ten-days' stayat Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Lula Bradshaw Sharp, ofSharpsburg, is visitiig Mrs. ElmerSmith, on Mt. Airy avenue. tMr. James Macgowan, a promfenent horse man of Mt. Sterling, wasa visitor in Paris several days thisweek.Mrs. Edward Reid and son, Julian ReM, have returned to theirhome in Carlisle, after a visit to relatives in Paris.Mrs. E. C. Rogers, of Danville,formerly Miss Lillian DeJarnette, ofParis, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.John DeJarnetite, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. Morgan Browneand son, Mr. Gayle Browne, have leturned from a visit to relatives inMason and Fleming counties.Mrs. Wm. I. James and littleson, Lucien James, have , returnedfrom a visit to her parents', Mr. andMrs. J. J. Dennison, in Clark county.M. A. Wakefield and John F.Davis, members of a well-known Shelbyville real estate firm, were business visitors in Paris several daysthis week. - -'Mrs. William Foster has returned to her home in Owmto&, after avisit to her son, Dr. H. E. Fcmt&x, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Talbott, on Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Hollar andbabe, and Mr. W. M. Hollar, Sr., haveai rived from Youngstown, Ohio, for avisit to Mrs. George W. Allison, ather home near this city.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, has returnedfrom Memphis, Tenn., where he wascalled Tuesday to attend the funeraland burial of an old friend, Mr. W.H. Bates, a prominent business manof Memphis.Miss Frances Settle, of Montgomery, Alabama, formerly of Paris,is a guest of Miss Elizabeth Rule, inWhite Addition. Miss Settle is adaughter of the late Mr. Edward Settle, who for many years conductedthe business of the Settle CarriageCo., in the build jng on High street,now occupied by the Redmon Garage.WITH THE SJIUT-INS, Mr. andMrs. Wm. B. Ardery and children arerecovering from attacks of influenza.Mrs. Ed. Cantrill is confined to herhome on Winchester street with rheumatism and not influenza, as previously reported. Mr. Charles A. Webber, of the Bourbon Garage & SuppyCo., has influenza. The other members of the family are improving.Misses Hattie and Lelia Clark, whowere influenza victims are improving.Will and Lou Taylor are both confined to their homes with the influenza.Magistrate J. L. Fretwell continuesquite ill at his home on Cypressstreet. Rev. J. J. Rice is recoveringfrom a recent illness.(Other Personals on Page 5)ki pa iaONE DOSE BELIEVESA COLD NO QUININE"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends BadColds Or Grippe in aPew Hours.1PRINT ZBSCOATS-Graceful Lines and Splendid Service inThese Beautiful Coats.7- -.,Of all the Fall Coats thai we have seen for,ta number of years these stylish Printzess garr.ments are the most attractive. Some haveharidsome fur collars ancLare very aristocratic.The belts, too, are novefand artistic.You get the height of style and smartnessin these Printzess coats real "distinction indress.' ' You also obtain lasting value and dependable all-wool quality in these coats whichare exquisitely tailored even to their smallestdetails. They not only fit well at first, but theyhold their stylish lines throughout the -life ofthe garment.We want you to look at these newPrintzesscoats and try them on without feeling under theslightest obligations to buy. We want you to seethe value and the exquisite tailoring for yourself. We want you to note the prices whichmake Printzess Coats and Suits the most economical and yet the most stylish garments youcan obtain anywhere.SwxWOLF, WILE 5 COVLEXINGTON, KY.DAILY and SUNDAYLEXINGTON LEADERBY MAILS..1480tJEK YJSAiJAH the news of the war, by Associated Press; the best cartoons and comicslatest market Teports, Woman's Departmentin fact, everything to make it?truly a Home Newspaper. Send for specimen copy, or remit by cheek ormoney order to Lexington Leader Company,Xexington, Kentucky.Relief comes instantly.A dose taken everv two hours until three doses are taken will endgrippe misery ctiiu. uicaa. uy a. bcyuccold either in the head, chest, body orlimbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stoDS nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up I Quit blow-5o ti1 Q-nnflFHTiP-l T7!nt. vniir thrnh-bing head! Nothing else in the worldgives such propipt relief as Fape sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store, it actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvinience. Be sure youget the genuine. (adv)a ssave your PRorrrsThere is real profit in your work,but you must, save it.Without care of thrift, your profitwill slip througn your fingers andnext pay day may find you poor.There is a sure way to find profits;to make them grow.It is the wayof the Bourbon Building & X.oan Association.Many people have proven it. Haveyou?Our new series opens Saturday,December 7th-.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARTSrSPARGBR, Sect.(nov29-2t)?S IB BtThere ismore .Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, , and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,andtby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh Js a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and therefore .requires.constitutional treatment. Hall's Ca.-,tarrh Medicine, piaunfactured by F;J.- Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is,aken internally and. acts through? the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.'.One-.hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any- case that Hall's Catarrh Med-J icine fails to cure. Send for circularsand -testimonials.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.,Hall's family Pills for constipaf ionjA11, Druggists, 75c. dJ wt (adv-nov)rIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the Winter1COAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilson , vOdorless Heatersto select from, Start earlyLOWRY& MAYbs aIKIXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR"Motor EquipmentBOTH' PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2S9Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.xiNew DirectoryHome Telephone Co,Our new directory will go to press within the near,future, and if you are thinking of having a telephone in5stalled we would be glad to figure with you. We are per2mitted by- the. Government to make new .installationswhere service is needed for essential purposes, and provided'we'have facilities and the "Service ConnectionChargePjs,paidj33r the subscriber. This. charge is verreasonable compared with thaFof piping your house fotwater.or.gas, or wiring it for electric lights, and imposedby the Government ias a war measure only.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Cot(Incorporated.) , -IJ. jrVEATCE, ,. ' District XanazerWU. GAHXCriv"Locfil JKwfifctV " IfIXIXJ. xIXIIX!I1XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1Xrw ,iI )rJW?&m2?rrTrz -,.t -, r'U-yn,;"r.-. ITPAGE POUX--- THE BOUEBONV JT -JiBIS " ' 'FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29, lllfHnTTET.P TO WitlTJi THE BOSTOKYOF BOURBON COUHTY.tIn order to get a clear, comprehensive and accurate record of all the,Bourbon county boys who are in theservice of their country, 4n any of thebranchesMrs. John T. Collins-andMrs. Allie Dickerson,( of North Middletow.n, have been, appointed as,his-.torians to conduct the work".Now thatthe glorious task of enrolling the names of the -Bourboncounty boys who have added lustre tothe name of the city of Paris and thecounty of Bourbon is about to be undertaken by these ladies, they must5iot be perpiitted to do the arduouswork unaided. Let everyone who hasany information of value communicate with them, in person, by mailor over the phone.It is planned to make these records a permanent part of the records-of Bourbon county, and to enshrinethem in the Bourbon county courtIiouse.Mrs. Fanriiebelle Sutherland, ofParis, to whom inaugurating thework was entrusted," explained toTHE NEWS that the magnitude ofthe task involved that of securingaccurate records of every man fromBourbon county in the service, nopnatter what his rank or station, isuch that its successful completiondepends v6ry largely upon thepromptness and accuracy with whichthe families of the men in the service fill out the blanks which haveheen prepared. These blanks will beready for distribution in a few days.The blank, on which" is to be recorded the glorious fact that the sonor brother or father or husband ofthe family offered himself in the nation's great cause, presents no complications in the matter of filling itout, but at the same time will contain data of the greatest possibleworth. The name and rank of thesoldier, his home address, name andaddress of nearest relative, his father's name and address, his mother'smaiden name, his age of entraieinto the service, whether married orsingle, camp where his first trainingwas received and the branch of theservice, if in the army, whether inthe infantry, artillery, medical corps,-aviation, S. A, T. C, and the numberand name of company and regimentare to be given. If in the navy,-whether in naval reserves, marine-corps and also the name of ship.Th Wank also contains space forsuch data as "transferred to," promotions, casualties, date of discharge;and remarks.Many patriotic Bourbon county-men and women have volunteeredtheir services to aid in coyping, arranging, indexing and filing theserecords as they come in of the gallant sons of Bourbon county acounty that has ever been in theforemost when men have distinguished themselves in war, on sea or onland. Any man or woman who wishesa assist Mrs. Sutherland, Mrs. Collins and Mrs. Dickson in this work isasked to send either of them his orlier name, address and telephonenumber if possible.B-4 FIREr InsurewifchW;O.H!NTON & SON,Agts131 1 ISMAYSVILLE WABEHOUSE DESTROYED BY EIREFire destroyed a large storagewarehouse belonging to Joseph H.Dodson, at the foot of Wall street,Maysville. The building was full ofcotton and machinery belonging tothe Maysville Cotton Mills. Seventyfive bales of cotton "were consumed-snd the machinery ruined.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.-rn-.T-.vmfi COUNTY HOME GOES" UP IN SMOKE.The residence of W. J. Kissick,-iear Flemingsburg, was destroyed byAre. The place is about one and onelalf miles from Flemingsburg on theplar Plains pike. It is not knownaow the fire originated. The children, who had gone to bed upstairs,smelled the smoke and told their father. The property was insured.to mSTATEGETS PRESENTSDIAN RELICS.OF IN-A collection of Indian relics hasheen received by State Forester J. E.Barton, at Frankfort, from EdwardSmith, of Detroit, Mich., who gavethem to the Kentucky Historical Society as a memorial collection for hisdaughter, Marjorie, who was killedOctober 11, the date of the Battle ofthe Thames. Mr. Smith was in Kentucky at the time of the death of hisdaughter.In the collection is a battle scarredUnion Jack flag which was carriedby Tecumseh at the Battle of heThames, a flute which was the property of Ghief Owosso, a tomahawk-which can !be used as a pipe was theproperty of the Indian Chief Pontica"being at least 125 years old and aisack containing a striking iron usedfor making fire by Chief Shawano.The relics were the property of Missionary Esans, the father of Mrs.Smith.CARD OF THANKS."We desire to extend our heartfeltthanks to, our kind friends andneighbors or their, many kindnessesshown us in our recent bereavement,the deaths of our brpthers, J.vR..andJ. D.-Hertig, and lit,tle daughter; 'Elizabeth. We also desire to thank Rev.George R. Combs, Mr. George R.Davis, and the brothers of the lodgeslor their knidneesee. We can neverlorget them, and sincerely hope theywill take this as ah evidence of our Iappreciation. We cannot personallythaak them-all, so we?takethis meansot doing so. - '"- CTHE FAMILY.m VAX atary PnorffiflriTfllflPglH ' xfn TM -JCT7; " " aw.DO YOURristtrmsbhoppin- 4iIHEREAtParisGreatestDepartment StoreChristmas HosieryAlways AcceptableYou cannot choose a gift that 'will be surer of being acceptable than a pretty pair of Hose.Our stock of Gift Hose is at itsbest.Women's Silk Fibre Hoseblack and white, per pair50cWomen's Silk Hoseblack, white and demandablesuit shades, also fancy and embroidered hose, per pair$2;00 to $3.00We are Ready for Christmas ShoppersChristmas shoppers will find this store is the home of practical and useful gifts and that everything is arranged so as tomake choosing easy.The Christmas Handkerchiefs are here in bountiful array, ' asare the Christmas Gloves, Hosiery, Furs, Bath Robes, Silk andCrepe de Chine Underwear, Blouses, Neckwear, Sweaters, TableLinens and Napkins, Women's Dresses, Coats, Children's Coats andDresses, Blankets,Comforts, Women's HandbagsMunsingwear, Millinery, Etc. All priced according to Simon's policy of low pricings.Of Course, GiveHandkerchiefsHandkerchiefs for Christmasare always safe and crfosen fromour beautiful assortment of GiftHandkerchiefs are sure to bemost acceptable.Women's Handkerchiefsin gift boxes, 3 in box) per box,25c 35c 50c75c $1.00Children's Handkerchiefs2 in box 1 0c3 in box 1 5c and 25cChristmas GlovesGloves is another gift that is alwaysacceptable and most practical. Simon'sChristmas Gloves, as usual, offer a largeassortment for your choice.Women's Kid Gloves, black and alldesirable shades, Women's Silk Gloves,in all the new fall and winter shades,Ghamqisette, Gloves in a number of different colors.Dainty Waists for ChristmasRegular $7.50 Values$4.98Attractive creations in Georgette Crepes and Crepe deChine. The most winsome models of the season. Big bargains at the above special price.Higher Priced Waists at $10.00, $12.50, $15.00.Bath RobesA pretty Blanket Bath Robe chosenfrom the pretty assortment we areshowing will make a gift that will beappreciated by any woman.Extra Good Values at$5.00 to $5.iDistinctive ModelsIn Women's CoatsAt $25.00 to $100.00Now that the cold weather is just starting it is hightime that you bought your Winter Coat. By choosingfrom our large variety of exclusive and distinctive models you are sure to get just the coat that will exactlyfit your individuality. At the above prices they are trulyunusual valuesVwynicj.'oajaat BigNow is Your Chance to Buy Your WinterPrice ReductionsThese suits consist of the newest and most distinctive styles of the season's mostapproved modes. All the most called-for fabrics and colors are represented. Manyxaie uargains at uiese special .Reductions:models are fur trimmed.$47.50 Suitsnow reduced t(T .$59.50 Suitsnow reduced to..$65, OO Suitsnow reduced to..$29.50$39.50$49.50$79.50 Suitsnow reduced to..$89.50 Suitsnow reduced to..$125.00 Suitsnow reduced to$59.50$69.50$79.50See Our Beautiful Showing of Christmas Furs!A handsome piece" or set of Furs is a gift that will last for years and keep the giver long in the memory of the recipient. Our showing of Christ- Ixiiiia r uro io une tuau win uc duxc uu uiteicai; viixisuiiao suuptjeiTs, um cuntcuus a spienuiu assortment oi aesiraDie sKins in newest snapes inMuits andNeck Pieces at prices that are remarkably low. 'THE PLACEYOU LIKETO SHOPHARRY SIMONWHEREYOU SAVEMONEYA LAYMAN'S DISC0TJBSE ON THE'ELTJ."(Contributed.)I have "been, in the habit of goingto church for seventy years that I canremember of. I have passed thruoghtwo epidemics of the cholera. Thisis the second of influenza. I haveslept in the sapne room with thesmall-pox, have visited typhoid and.scarlet fever patients and have nevertaken those diseases, although offeebled constitution. "There is atime appointed for a man to die."He inay hasten it, but he caa not retard it. The life of Napoleon showsit. He was utterly regardless of danger in time of battle, and. on someoccasions sought death at the handsof others, though conscientious scruples forbade him destroying his ownlife.I have beea through many dangers,have gone two weeks at a time without a dry garment upon me, have beenhalf-starved for weeks at a time, andyet have fair health and a prospectings, and what followed? The greatest plague that ever struck the country. The poison is in the air and theplague will .not abate till all who aresusceptible have, taken it. The greatest annoyance I know is the closingof the churches. Ot all classes thechurch-going people are the best.They are the cleanest, the best looking, the wealthiest, the most honorable, and they pay the most attentionto the laws of health. And the churchbuildings are cleaner and better ventilated than most of the homes, andrarely more than one-third full."Power is always stealing from the(many to the few." A democracy is agovernment, by the people, the majority ruling.The doctors are, I supposeone percent, of the population, andof these" asmall clique are given power to closechurches, places of amusement and toioroia more than half a dozen tomeet. They would be better employed in teaching the laws of health, inseeing that every dwelling and busi-;ness nouse is sanitary, and kept in aof living Ave or six years yet. I ihaveJber aright the constitution guaran-tipies, been hunted, for with clubs andpistols and things, taken fool hardyrisks in battle, but have not a scarthat any one else put on me.The doctors knew almost to anhour when the "flu" invaded thiscountry and immediately got busy.People were forbidded to visit the;si'ck, to :attend church, Sgo to" places-oi amusement, 10 nave open air meei-doings amount to confiscation. I donot believe that all this meddling hassaved a single life.ELEZAR DAILEY.' ?SS IS TSHAS PICTTOE OF BROTHER TAK-EN WITH THE KAISERIVir. Prank S. Allen, President ofthej- Exchange Bank of Sharpsburg,has; the unique distinction of havingin a his, possession a photograph ofhis' brother, Maj. Gen. Henry T.Allen, taken some years ago whilethe latter was American Military Attache at Berlin; itf company with themot despised man in the world, theformer Kaiser.tees the people the right of assemblv.I am willing to -pay the doctors faradvice and medicine, but not' to beruled by thejm. In the same buildingwith me is the leader of an orchestra.His business has been suspended forseven weeks, his orchestra 'scattered,ana his family in Massachusetts mustfeel the effects of it. It is riot ailowable to take,priyate .property .forpub-;11c use without paying for itV These:!CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut ' flowers in bunches ordeaignstor funerals, wedding, socialeveu.ua, i,ue sick, or -any purpose wnereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor fcroall. h fJO: yARDEN,1 ; " Florist' Agent.- w w k"IF YOU'RE ALL RIGHT HERE eel assured that he. will make goodYOUR'E ATT, RIGHT THERE " ' wlierever ate or the powers that be' ! the management of the Western Un-'" ""co, uijxy aee ut uj sena mm.The Pinnacifi Npwr a rtm-ir .. ra HJ IS- --.., . vvs JtM.iGlyuunsnea at Miaaiesboro, Ky., printsthe following complimentary reference to Thomas Parker, son ofiMrs.George Parker, of this city, who wasformerly in the employ of the PostalTelegraph Co.. in this r.itv vni,n(,Parker has made good in several capacities, and in his latest position haswon the esteem of the business people of JVliddlesboro. The Pannaclesays:FOURTH LIBERT? LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan tsonas are now due..Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)lfc SB ftft .SHOW WAT TO CHEAPER P0EE.(22-tf)Thirty of the 400 persons emnlov-ved,n A. R..C. hospital-.service inj? ranee are moving picture operatorswhguput on picture show's at?-the:American: hospitals, vA.w V ; - "Thomas ParTrr wT,n !5"1m.Dau8 TorK"two weeks has been in Western Un- ! hvedeTding expSenS con-'retefX?-V?Cattllisplace ductd th enSyivSS Tsta?eSS enh5jated ess reports College to demonstrate that at leastfor the Pinnacle TJawh -arm io t-ni -ux : . , . ... . .simdav ThA oa; "v "i.r,! irrrt: UJ:w"e.5rsm Ie. om m. r13--; A .-' vi. liic nuuacie iug uoga can De saved: by "DrbvidingrhS'Sn?818 the W- Union Igreen feed throughout the gfow mfhas not seen .fit to. retain him at this season, eiuwiuspiace as ne nas proven to be-a mostefficient operator, an accomplishedgentleman, and; one whose place willue very nara to nil. Operators capable of receiving Associated Press dispatches are not easily found and whenone has been secured thar can takethem readily, and bring them to thepaper so that they will not have tobe rewritten, then his departure islOOked UDOn With aniline r-friof owith much fear that his successor willprove unable to replace him efficiently "Mr. .Parker is ari able and effici-.eht telegraphoperator, and a .courte-v,w? -uu .yoiiging gentleman, andwe;FAKM BUBEAU- CONSTRUCTS: - BOAD. ' -: '' ; .Two commuities in Juan County,Utahi have Unifpfl fVrnrl Tio ontui.ty farm bureau in constructing a road-jf vftwu weea. vrctuyun zor me purpose Of obtaining timber. Both, communities will prdflt, since "both needtimber which, until iiow "hacs hon nl-most inaccessible. A good road hasueeu. iun neiea, ,out a strong farmbureau organization .was .required, toput-.ffjEhrquglfc, The estimated eostliunioney and laoor wasv$2,00Q;. !'M PERFECT IN 0R1GINAn-'.- 'FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1918.THE BOURBON HSWS,m- .- .jj(fifajvw ' 1,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFUGITIVE AHUKSTED .Jim Orear, colored, an escaped innate of tlie Fayette county workliouse was captured, here by Chief ofPolice Link, and returned to ''thatinstitution. A description of the fugitive was furnished Chief Link, whosoon located him. , Officials from Lexington came to Paris and identifiedOrear, who was taken back to Lexington. Orear had been employed inthe broom works in the workhouseas an expert broom maker.fe Es sCOUNTY COURT NEWSIn the County Court the report ofthe division of the property of thelate Wm. Isgrigg was filed for approval and record. Under the termsof the division Mr. Isgrigg's daughter, Mrs. Emma Jacoby, receives atotal of 165 acres of land, and hisson, Mr. Sweeney Isgrigg, is given138 acres. The folldwing were appointed by the Court as commissioners to make the devision: J. PrankClay, Robt. M. Gilkey and Frank F.Kiser.&!RED CROSS ELECTS OFFICERSSOCIAL ASD PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.'jzTO'CDHTINUE STJEGICALbeESS-ingswobk.At a meeting of the members ofthe Surgical pressings Class of theRed ross, held Tuesday afternoon, itwas decided to continue the work,Mrs. Lucv Fpsipr nf A,rf q and to accept a quota of refugee sow-ling, is the guest of her sister, Mrs i ins' Due notice will be given whenB. K. Thomas, on Houston avenue ' the lu-ota is received, after which the--Mrs. Gertrude Smoot is visiting tooms wil1 be Pen on the regularour. ana Mrs. narvey Holton in Ne-i ' J-ucauiJ "i xriuays.vada, Missouri.Miss Willie Slattery, of Lexing-At this meeting Mrs. Georere W.Clay was elected Chairman of the ref-ton, is a guest of Miss Marjorie Tris-jugee work Mrs- Amos Turney, viceler, on Cypress street. ' president, and Mrs. S. B. McClanna-Mr. Amos Turney, Jr. of Parte tnan secretary. Mrs. H. Clay How-is in a Cincinnati hospital, where he ard' . nas done sucn sPlendid worktreatment for earAt a meeting "Wednesday afternoon of the recently-elected Boardof Directors of the Bourbon CountyChapter Red Cross, the following officers were elected to serve for the ensuing year: Chairman, John W.Jones, North' Middletown; first vicechairman, Mrs. Jno. T. Collins, NorthMiddletown; second vice-chairman,Mrs. Owen L. Davis, Paris; treasurer,Wallace W. Mitchell, Paris; secretary, Miss Nell Crutcher, Paris.IS Pa feTHANKSGIVING QUIET DAY.With the banks, postoffice and amajority of the business houses closed, yesterday, the influenza ban stillin force everybody who could go anywhere else left Paris, with the resultthat the aforesaid Paris was "as quietrc v pravovari? " rTrho i1jv toqc vonr,. J . V. -kV, VIU.J .. lJ Ws.Jquiet and very sedately observed byfamily reunions and dinings, butthere was nothing of a public natureto mark the observance of the Nation's annual day of thanks. Thestreets were deserted, and the cityresembled the storied "Deserted Village" immortalized by Goldsmith.SAVE YOITB PROHTSThere is real profit in your work,but you must save it.Without care of thrift, your profitwill slip through your fingers andnext pay day may find you poor.There is a sure -way to find profits,'to make them grow.It is the way of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association.Many people have proven it. Haveyou?Our new series opens Saturday,December 7th.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.(nov29-2t)72a a ?sREPORT OP SAUER SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakes reports a large crowd in attendance at"the public sale of stock, crop, farming implements, etc., -belonging toJohn Sauer, which was held Tuesdayon the premises. Active biddingcharacterized the day and the pricesobtained were satisfactory. Some ofthe sales were: Cows, $70 to $160a head; sows in pig, 35 to $50;,shoats. $9 to $14 a head; horses, $50to $150 a head; pair work horses,$35; mare, $220; sheep, $15 to $17a head; yearling mules, $65 to $115a head; three-year-old (mules-, $3' 60to 410 a pair; calves, $20 to $30 ahead; heifersT$65 a head. Farm implements sold high.A. S. THOMPSON LANDS BEINGTOTAL OP $75,400.There was a good attendance Wednesday at the public sale of -the A. S.Thompson lands, located on the Parisand Clintonville pike. The sals wasconducted by Harris & Speakes, ofParis, George D. Speakes acting asauctioneer.The farm was sold in three tracts,bringing an average of $223 an acre,or an aggregate of $75,400. Mr. MattLair purchased Tract No. 1, containing 151 acres, known as the homeplace, for $250.25 an acre. Tract No.2 containing 73 acres, was sold toMr. Roger Crouch, of Little Rock, for$210 an acre, while the third tract,of 112 acres', was purchased by Mr.Lee Stephenson for $165.75 an acre.This f&rpn is one of the best in thecounty, and is in a high state of cultivation. Mr. Thompson and familywill move to Paris to reside.WE, XQO, WONDER WHY!When men like T. Hart Talbott. ofParis, and others who have spenttheir lives in the breeding and training of horses, and who know- .thegame from A. to Z, are passed by tomake room, for politicians we wcnder why!.', ;The Cynthlana' Democratvoices sentiments exactly our own inthese words:"Judge Allie W. Young, chroniccandidate for everything loose, andSenator Gliomas Cojmbsra statesmanof the 'Rah, 'Rah order, having demonstrated to the satisfaction of Governor Stanley that they understanda horse has two front legs and twohind legs which will agitate him tohis destination if properly persuadedby whip and spur, the Governor has.appointed the two gentlemen members of thevState Racing Commissionto have supervision over the racingand breeding interests of the State,supplanting: a man like Hart Talbott,of JBourbon county, who has beenbreeding, and racing horses since he Jis undergoingtrouble.Miss Edith Harper has been appointed as substitute rural mail carrier on route No. 3 out of the Parispostoffice. .Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Bayless;Sr., celebrated the forty-seventh anniversary of their wedding at theirnome on Duncan avenue yesterdaywith a dining.Mrs. Julia Erdman Fisher, bookkeeper at the Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Wednesday, suffering with influenza.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Woolums,former residents of Paris, who haveueen guests or Mr. and Mrs. O. E.Hurst, have returned to their home inMurfreesboro, Tennessee.J. Miller Ward, Jr., and SamClay Ward are at home from schoolin Virginia to spend the Thanksgiving holidays with their parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, near Paris.Mayor E. B. January attendedthe meeting of the Board of Directorsof the Odd Fellows Home at Lexington, Wednesday. He took with himseveral fine turkeys for the Orphans'Thanksgiving dinner yesterday.Mr. Wayne Cottingham has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor, after a short visit to his mother, Mrs.A. W. Cottingham. Mr. Cottinghamhas an important clerical position inthe Finance Office, at Camp ZacharyTaylor.Mr. Wm. O. Tarr, formerly ofnear Paris, is here o-n a visit to hismother, Mrs. William Tarr, and otherrelatives. Mr. Tarr is in the Government service at Norfolk, Virginia,where he has been stationed for thepast two years.Mr. and Mrs. Max Strauss, ofAvondale, Cincinnati, and Miss Carolyn Strauss, of Cincinnati, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. William Shire. Mrs.Strauss was formerly Miss NettieShire, pleasantly remembered byParis friends and acquaintances.as chairman of the Surarical Dressings department, will continue inthat position until honorably discharged.' - fe 151 feGAME WAEJ)EN MAKES EIGH'. TEEN ARRESTS.Deputy State Game Warden BushBishop, while on a "still hunt" in'Bracken county for violators of- thegame laws, arrested eighteen mencharged with violations of the law.'Mr. Bishop will go to Falmouth.Monday to assist in prosecuting themen.In a raid through this county yesterday Warden Bishop arrested ninemen on various charges of violationsof theame laws. The men will begiven a hearing in the County Court.THE LAST CHANCEDr. J. H. Comer, of Paris, whohas been very" ill for several (weekswith influenza at the home of hisfather-in-law, Mr. Nat H. Collier,near Millersburg, is improving, andwas able to sit up yesterday. Mrs.Comer and son are both fully recovered. Peter McDonald, formerly ofNorth Middletown, who has been inCanada for the past eight years, isvisiting relatives in Paris. McDonald was reported several times as"mysteriously missing" and nothingwas heard from him for several Tearsuntil he came to Paris on this visit.He is hale and hearty and glad toget into "God's country" again.Danville Messenger: "Mr. andMrs. John Woodford and son, JohnVan Meter Woodford, ofParis, spentThanksgiving here the guests of Mrs.Woodford's father, Mr. John MiltonVanMeter . Miss Sue Van Meter,who has been in Paris the guest ofher sister, Mrs. John Woodford, willreturn home this week. . .Mr. GeorgeWhite Fithian spent Sunday in Paristhe guest of his mother, Mrs. FrankFithian. . . .Mt. and .Mrs. Lee Price,Dr. and Mrs. R. R. McMillan andMiss Elizabeth Crutcher, of Paris, attended the football game here Friday.... Mr. Frank Trisler has returnedto his home in Paris."In honor of the eighty-fourthanniversary of his birthday, Mr. A. J.Skillman, of Paris, was tendered a"celebration dinner" recently at thehome of his son, Mr. Best Skillmanand Mrs. Skillman, near Jacksonville.A tempting dinner was served, atwhich all present did more than "ample justice." The following guestswere present: Mr. A. J. Skillman,the guest of honor, Mr. and Mrs. RoyTurner, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Skill-man, Mr. Raymond Turner, Mr.The Red Cross headquarters in theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo. building, corner of Main andBroadway, will be open to-day andto-jmorrow, from .two to four o'clockp. nu, for those who will bring theirlabels for the soldiers' Christmasboxes.All those who have not attended tothis most important matter must doso to-morrow, as no boxes will begiven out after that day. If you wantyour soldier boy to be rememberedfor Christmas, you must attend tothis to-day or to-morrow. This willbe positively the last chance. Don'tmiss it!TS5 la 1EI' POR THE BED CROSS.A fine registered Duroc-Jersey gilt,weighing about two hundred pounds,will be sold on the public square tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, at2:00 o'clock. The proceeds will befor the benefit of the Red Cross andwar funds. The hog is the gift ofMr. J. T. Jefferson and others.THOUSANDS OFTHE BOYSIPClfrjZSJJflARETTES FORPRANCE.Allen and children, Miss Mary Allenand L. C. Allen, Oakley Allen and Mr.and Mrs. Charles P. Bales. Mr. Skillman, always jolly, was in his happiest (mood, and responded cheerily tothe many congratulations and goodwishes for many happy returns of theday.(Other Personals on Page 3)Supplementing many previous orders of a like character the Knightsof Columbus recently ordered lorshipment abroad 1,152,000 poundsof tobacco. This will be distributedto our soldiers and sailors by Knightsof Columbus secretaries. Included inthis order there will be 300,000 packages of cigarettes and 4,000 gross oftwo-ounce packages of smoking tobacco. At the same time there wasan order placed foij 100,000 packagesof mint tablets. Soldiers and sailors,especially those recovering from illness or wounds, are particularly fondof these mints, and a K. of C. secretary distributing them is eagerly welcomed by the boys. Tons upon tons ofchocolates are included in K. of C.supplies, and ,these, too, please themen greatly.Of course cigarettes and smokingtobacco are always welcomed and immense-quantities are distributedthrough the Kof C. secretaries eachday.Wile General Pershing's men wereironing out the Hun sailent at St.Mihiel recently the Knights of Columbus with the aid of American aviators driving American-made planes,showered the boys, while they wereactually fighting, with 20,000 packages of cigarettes, each monogramedK. of C. It was a novel service andmuch appreciated by the soldiers. Itwas the first time in (modern warfarethat soldiers were ever served with"smokes" during a battle. WesternTobacco Journal.THE INFLUENZA SITUATIONThe influenza situation remains asit has been for some tipne. The ban isstill on and will remain so until theBoard of Health is satisfied there isClay no further danger. As a result therewill be no public gatherings, such aschurch meetings. The situation iswell in hand here.IS 15S IS-Years ago the old-fashioned horseand buggy kept the marriage licenseclerk busy. But nowadays the automobile keeps the Divorce Court Clerkbusy.mk-ruareswEJust Received--VictrolaRecords!64694.18489.0 18430.There's a Long, Long Trail John McCormackOh, How I Bate to Get Up'in theMorning Arthur FieldsOh! Frenchy. : . . . . : ArthurFieldsJuit a Baby's Prayer at Twilight -''. - -Henry BurrOn- the Road to Home, Sweet Home - --"; -??rcy Bemus18483. Blum' the Blues (Fox Trot) - ' ' '- : ' -Original Rixie Jazz BandSensational Rag Original Dixie Jazz BandDAUGHERTY BROS.Kodaks, Victrolas and SuppliesFIFTH AND MAIN STREETSm. ;B3CE0SS,TEA BOOK.vAfter next Sunday, December 1,the Red qross Tea Room will beclosed permanently, unless .occasionshould arise' warranting the ladies incontinuing. It the' time it has beenin operafton the Tea Room has beena public benefaction, serving aworthy cause and tickling the palates of a fastidious public.The menu for to-day, Friday, November 29, is as follows:Oypter soup; turkey a la King;sweet potatoes; peas; beaten biscuit;xveu viusa special salad; frozen fruitpudding; coffee, tea; piilk.For to-tnorrow, Saturday, Nov. CO,the following 'menu will be served:Cream of tomato soup; pork tenderloin; creamed salsify; dressed potatoes; hot biscuit; stuffed celery;pumpkin pies: butterscotch pies:cnffpJr toa milt " "On Sunday evening the ladies willserve a special six-o'clock "turkevdinner" at seventy-five cents perplate. The menu will be one that -willmake even the most jaded appetite revive; It will be as follows:Turkey; cranberry jelly; creamedoysters in timbales; mashed potatoes; cinnajmon apples; Waldorf salad; peppermint ice cream; Jam cake;coffee; tea; milk.153 S3 151NOT IN HIS EEPERTOIRE.(Wall Street Journal.)MIIMIIIIIlllllllllillil in.-r e ,vr-. a.The J. T. Hinton Co,UNDERTAKERS ;AND MMBALMMRSMalrT "and SixthStreets .Paris Kv. BStfTTTS. $"- "-' --J ' or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.During the recent fighting on theMarne front a young Yankee buglarstill in his teens was unfortunateenough to fall into German hands.Believing that 'some useful information might be obtained from the lad,he was brought before some Germanofficers for questioning."Who are you, my lad?" said theGerman officer."An American buglar," snappedthe lad."Oh," said the officer. "Now for alittle test.""Blow taps," said the officer. Thelad obeyed."Now, blow reveille," he commanded. The bugler did."Sound retreat," said the German."Never heard pt it," replied thelad.a ra S3 SAYSMISSISSIPPI AGAIN HAS REGULARBARGE SERVICE.V .. V1 ftKn aaVSSicvJlliMISBnKfiBaHBri aBaawiiKdaSXSamaVau. v-'i-BaaaK9inr.iiiVMB9Basaaaai.. , i, i. mm.1,111 I., i, f T..T.,. . f.lt j..f. T T T 1 T-f-f-t-f-f-f- ft mi 1 1 1 ifrjA few weeks ago the tugboat'Nogonis" steamed into New Orleanstowing three barges loaded to theirfull capacity with cargoes broughtfrom St. Louis, says the Popular Mechanics Magazine. The event attracted the attention of shippers andothers throughout the entire Mississippi Valley because for the firsttime in eighteen years a regularbarge service thus has been established 'between St. Louis and New Orleans. The voyage was made undertheauspices of Governjment authorities who have been deeply interested in utilizing the Mississippi in order that the railways might be relieved of much freight and that theshippers might have the advantageof the very low rates which this water route makes possible.?a Pa liAMERICAN GAS KILLSMASKED HUNS.(NeWj York Herald)At a lecture given in the headquarters of the Society of Chemical Industry, 52 East Forty-first street,recently, Maj. H. W. Duffy, of theBritish-American anti-gas service, explained how gas shells have been used along the firing line in France anddeclared the American gas shells usedagainst Germans are deadlier thapthose of the enemy and can penetrateany gas mask the Huns have so farinvented.Maj. Duffy told his audience thatthe mustard gas sent over to killAmericans on cool nights laid on theground and entered trenches of theAmericans and the Allies. This advantage, he explained has been overcame since the United States enteredthe war by the use of American gasthat kills ten times as many of theGermans and Austrians as Germangas kills Allies and Americans.Through personal investigation,the Major said, he found hundredsand hundreds of the enemy dead fromthe effects of American gas shells, andall of the victims wore gas masks ofthe latest German design.LOSTA pair of gold rimless eyeglasseswith cord a-nd gold ear hook attached.Lost somewhere between Mrs. Chas.N. Fithian's and Mrs. R. M. Harrisresidences, on Pleasant street. Finderleave at THE NEWS office and receive reward. (It)WithoutMusic in Your HomeOur PHONOGRAPHS not only play all DiscRecords, but they are artistic and of the highest quality, and the prices are most reasonable. - .Buy YourPhonographForChristmasNOWWe deliver when youwish.HearOur Records, They have a message for you.BY THEBEST ARTISTSCome in now. Don't wait till the last minute.We are waiting f oi you now. You can play all orpart9 asyou please.THEJ.THINT03VG0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKESEITriERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAlfVSTSy "'-j-was old enough to toacue."if ffTTTffMISTMESflHilllA.i ,-- - i -3 K"PAGE8ECTHEBOfflUKNE HEWS, PABIS, XKHTlWtgFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29. 191tlJA rij'(TCHA--- V S-Vvl It ' J.-V" ... p ' "lbIs'rrtIT'S NOT YOURIT'SKidney disease it no reopecter of persons. A majority of the ills afflictingpeople today can be traced back tokidney trouble,Tho -kidneys are the most importantr&ans of the body. They are thefilterers, the purifiers, of your blood.Kidney disease is usually indicated byweariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouble, pain in loins and lower abdomen,.g&ll stones, gravel, rheumatism, sciaticarioIumbago.All these derangements are nature'ssignals to warn you that the kidneysoiee help. You should use GOLDMBDAL JaarUm Oil Capsules immeOUE WAH SUPPLY OP MEATHerbert Hoover pays a deserved j The ban on Christmas shopping hascompliment to American live stock j fc lif ted by Chairman E. 0. Hines,producers for their response to his chairman of the State Council of Is a-ppeal when, the war broke out for jtional Defense, following the receiptincreased production of meats to of a telegram frqm. Grosvenor B.Jmeet an emergency in which tho Clarkson, acting director of the Na-.United States has been required to'tional Council of Defense, at Wash-eed the armies and civilian popula- n&' The ban was ordered to cur-- -m,vo r , oM -cJL 'tail the use of labor usually employed- lion of the allies. Export statistics , , c o hv thp rrtn torPshow how adequeately that emer-gency nas been pnet. Without Amer- ;-lean beef and pork it is doubtful if-the war could have been won.For eighteen years past the International Live Stock Exposition has-done the lion's share of the task ofmaintaining this production. Itsstimulus has resulted in steady improvement of the herds and flocks ofthe country, has been responsible forvsji infusion of new blood by importa--iions from the best herds of Europe,without which the domestic industrywould -not have been equal to itspresent performance.Chicago, as the logical center ofthe live stock business, has also doneits part it is about to cap the climar of a phenomenal season by pre-renting to the public the greatestriisninv nf Hvp stnir ovor roiorn !- rf - - w V,. QWV,. V U. 1within the precincts of a showyard. IIn all the world, aU down through"the ages, not exceeding Noah's assemblage of animal life on the ark,lias the 1918 spectacle at Chicago2)een attempted. jWar has been a period of strenuous effort for the American live stock.grower. He has taxed ocean-carryingcapacity with his product and isv3reiared to feed and restock Europeduring the period of rehabilitation.JWhat he is doing will be demonstrat- jd at the International Live Stock IExposition at Chicago the first week-of December. iTtft a teA HERO EVEEY DAY.Out in the open, where the machinegun bullets whined and the "hell bylieavies" crashed, Corporeal Peter Timmer, of the United States Marines,snouted words of encouragement aslie went from sauad to sauad ofmarines during the great counter at-tack of the Allies near Soissons. Thefighting was vicious. German artil-lery and machine guns were sweep-,ing the battlefields incessantly. OflR-cers had been killed or wounded,Platoons had leen cut to pieces andliason all but lost. But not lost en-l- tirely for there was Corporal Trimmer, making his way from squad tosquad, establishing contact, cheeringthe jmen, steadying them by his cooldetermination.At last he fell wounded and heroicmarines carried him to safety. But"his work had been done, the contactestablished and the line holding likea wall of steel. Because of his gallant action Corporal Timmer of themarines was recommended for a Disitinguished Service Medals He is ason of George Timmer, 4941 PotomacJivenue, Chicago, 111.rI4&r.1pnwwuiuaisgsregagTOiHEARTYOUR KIDNEYSdiately. The soothing-, healingr oil stimulates tha kidneys, relieves inflammations and destroys the jrerms which 1have caused it Do not wait until tomorrow. Go to your druggist today andinsist on GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OilCapsules. In twenty-four hours youshould feel health and vigor returningand will bless the day you first heardof GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil.After you feel that jou have curedyourself, continue to take one or twocapsules each day, so as to keep inflrst-class condition and ward off thodanger of other attacks.Ask for the Original imparted GOLDMEDAL brand. Three sizes. Money re,fundet if they do nt help you.'BAN ONCHEISTMAS SHOPPINGIS XIFTED,owners, in order that labor necessaryto the war industries would not be'diverted from those industries,The force necessary to handle theusual rush in business houses during'the holiday period may now be recruited by the retail merchants, whoanticipated little difilculty in augmenting their staffs, because of thelarge number of persons returningfrom work in munition plants andI men returning from service in thearmy,Santa Claus, so dear to the hearts'of tne children, may now be seen inshow windows, and among his toydisplays in that magical and fairylike departments of large storeswithout let or hinderance.The order will come as a great relief to the shortened forces of thestores, who anticipated one of thehardest Cnristmas snopping periodswithin memory. i3 153 TQCascarets WorkWhile You SleepNo headache, biliousness, upset stomach or constipation tomorrowSpend 10 cents feel grand! ToI night take Cascarets to liven your ;liver and clean your bowels. Stopthe headaches, bilious spells, sour'ness, gases, coated tongue, badi breath,- sallowness and constipation.. Take Cascarets and enjoy the nicest,gentlest "inside cleansings" you everexperienced. Wake up feeling fine.Cascarets is best cathartic for children. Taste like candy. No disappointment! Thirty million boxes ofthis harmless, famous cathartic are6old eac& year now.(adv)T Jes Tsa .L00PS THE LOOP IN A STORM ATSEAI 1j Looping the loop in a kite balloonwas the hair-raising feat performedsome tijme since by a young balloonist -when the Government was testingthe use of captive balloons on battleships doing convoy work, according to a story in. the Popular Mechanics Magazine The balloonist inquestion had been aloft in his basket several hours despite very roughweather when a forty-mile galestruck the fleet. Instantly the gasbag made a spinning nose dive,swinging the basket and occupant through a complete circle. NoI sooner was one loop completed thananother and another followed fifteen in all.Your Children's- Table DrinkRegardless of your own choice irrva table beverage you will arfreechildren should drink nerther-tea nor coffee.ANTP0STUManswers -bhe requirements ofa herb drink for children, mostadmirably.I-fcs coffee-like flavor attracts and itspurity and wholescmeness make ita safe drink for younrf or old. -There's a ReasonK !Kentucky's crops this seison haveturned out fairly well in spite otperiods of severe drouth, shortage oflabor and other handicaps that beset"the farmers.' The corn in manyplaces is much better than was ex-Dected.-valthough badly damaged inmany districts, especially WesternKentucky. Tobacco grew out wonderfully-afterthe late rains at the endi of August and first of September anda fairly good sized crop is in sight,wth quality yet to be determined.Potatoes suffered severely, as dicf thesmall acreage of hemp in the BlueGrass counties. About 5 per cent, ofthe 1917 corn cropvin Kentucky isreported still in fanners' hands,while for the United States asa whole the percentage is a' shadeless than 4 per Cent.Corn is expected to yield about 26bushels an acre average in Kentucky,making a total of about 101,400,000bushels, compared to 122, 850, 000bushels last year. The United Statescorn crop this year is about 2,754,807,000 bushels, compared to 3",159.494,000 bushels in 1917.Tobacco will probably produceabout 388,170,000 pounds in Kentucky this season, compared to 426,600,000 pounds last year. The United States tobacco crop this year isnow estimated at about 1,266,638,000 pounds, compared to 1,169,451,000 pounds last year.Irish potatoes in Kentucky thisseason will yield only-about 4,290.000 bushels, compared to 6,720,000bushels last year. The United Statespotato crop is now estimated at 389,912,000 bushels, compared to 442,536,000 bushels in 1917. It shouldbe remembered the 1917 crop was anenormous one, so this year's crop isstill really a good one.Sweet potatoes in Kentucky thisyear are about 1,045,000 bushels,compared to 1,140,000 bushels laslyear. The United States sweet potato crop is about 88,132,000 bushels, cojmpared to 87,141,000 bushelsin 1917.Sorgtium sirup is in considerabledemand because of shortage of sugarand sirups, but it is estimated onlyabout 2,826,000 gallons of sirupisbeing made in Kentucky this season,compared to 3,150,000 gallons in1917. The United States production of sorghum sirup this season isnow estimated at 29,754,000' gallons,compared to 34,175,000 gallons lastyear.H. F. BRYAN, 'Field Agent.T5J TS 1DOCTORS SAY CALOTABSARE BEST FOR COIDSAccording to the world's greatestphysicians and medical experts, calomel is the best and only dependableremedy for breaking up a cold, oversight or cutting short an attack, ofsore throat, deep-seated cough, influenza or la grippe. Now that sciencehas purified calomel of all its nauseaand dangerous qualities, the newkind of calomel, called "Calotabs" iseven more popular than the old style.One Calotab on the tongue at T)edtime with a. swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with your diet,work or pleasures. Next morningyour cold has vanished and yourwhole system is purified and refreshed. Calotabe are sold only in original sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommendsand guarantees Caloabs and will refund the price if you are not delighted with the,m. (adv)Itt TE3What has become of the old-fashionedvounerer sister who had to waitI until her eldest sister was marriedbefore she could talk business withher beau?There's one thing about Carran-7a. He always talks as though he hadten times as much muscle as heactu-ally has.fe-mfphmTtw-.y:7Wi Wv-m&lGETwmummm.DAMAGED' LENS MINES.It will be from eighteen monthsto two years before it will becomepossible to take out any coal fromthe mines in the Lens region, whichthe Germans damaged, to the best oftheir ability before they retired fromthe city, an inspection of the miningproperties has revealed. It is estimated that it will take five years tarestore the normal production of thepits.The inspection was made by AlbertLebrun, (minister of blockade, ajuiLouis Loucheur, minister of munitions, together with Mr. Perier andM. Basly, chairman and vice chairman respectively of the Committee onMines of the Chamber of Deputies.They visited Lens "and the adjoiningmining towns of Sallaumines andLievin. They found the mines flooded. The mining plants liave been systematically destroyed, the destructiveprocess having been carried to themost extreme limits.At Courrieres, northeast of Lena,the Germans had blown up thyminesbefore retiring. Of the 10,000 housesin Lens, the visitors found not oneleft standing.fe te leiKNOWLEDGE UNTO HIMSELF(Indianapolis News)A group of ' business men in. aSouthern Indiana city met on a streetcorner and were discussing the progress that has been made, by the allied forces on the Western front. During the conversation a fellow citizen,who is fond of expressing his opinion,but whose afield of information is solimited that he doesn't appreciatehow small it is, joined the crowd andlistened to the various expressions.Unable to hold his silence, he declared:"There ain't no doubt but. that, ourboys has thrown new life into theAllies, but in my opinion the Hunscan't fight like the Germans did."And then, before anyone could getin a word, he added:'And then wve done lots better.workslnce our merchant- marines hasgot into the front action."' v 'I Up W H jjMTJWgiwiijiiii mir,. iffi ISil I BUSHSsMWJrffl'iin ' "V 'i liTrrm f'-ri- - -- -Do YourCHRISTMASSHOPPINGEARLYAnd Shop HereYou'll Like It!EARLYCHRISTMASSHOPPERSHave started 'their buying bygetting useful; presents a niceRocker or other pieces of Furniture that will please the family.Get the Habit of Giving'Something Good.- --- " ' , i i. -Our stock will help youto decide your Christmas Gift, and will helpyou to make the manyhomes happier.A BISSELL SWEEPERIT WILL DOA. F. Wheeler & Co.SSS: CHAS. GREEN, MANAGERMain n Third Sts., Opposite Court House&r rr- '"uyzz-rZ?wf 'Mbim--J UfiiA'jmtfjmaziMzztxtPmyfcw-iMM11Bourbon. DAVIS FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4fillis sSt- jgOi ESMp1 vrt,; .iinLL . - -v ?-. -zrThe Bourbon Laundr jrParis, KentuckyeA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERim r7 1Cumberland Phoo4G v.11mSXuSMKimsm"V.ifflmMmStf 2&wvSg&.W9!&$A(mmvm- - i itLaundry jWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR "WATCHWORD!'AWith all the latest improve- II&3 TYlPTltnin TiTnrlTw'jrkrli?iTiPP.3 Iand expert helpers we areprepared o do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IVmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. TheC03t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatvmcr. must surlv satisfv vouA phone brings U3.Ho;Phonc 169 2'J.wMFBIDAY,NOVEMBER 29, 1913.THE BOTOBOy jBBWS, PAWS, DfiKTUCrrPA0I8XTBTiftvAetna-Auto HOW Ml BOTBrmliinalion Polirits AwUfULU fflVCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionproperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTOPERATIONHaveYour EyesThoroughly examined and testedon the first appearance of any trouble.BEWARE, however, of those slipabpd, dabbling and-ajmaturish systemsof so-called, self-styled opticians andspecialistsDON'T BE, SATISFIED with a lotof mysterious words and movementsused by them to impress yon and yourpuree.THAT YOU KEEP is a thoroughlysooad, honest, straightforward optician, supported T3y the necessary skill,experience, qualifications and reputation. This I offer you. Artificiallight used. Examinations made atany time, day or night.Moderate charges always.. Canton, Ohio. "I suffered from afemale trouble which caused me muchsuffering, and twodoctors decidedthat. I would haveto go through anoperation before Icould get well."My mother, whohad been helped byLydiaE. Pinkhanr sVegetable Compound, advised meto try itbefore submitting to an operation. It relieved mefrom my troublesso I can do my house work without anydifficulty. I advise any woman who isafflicted with female troubles to giveLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial and it will do as'much forthem." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5thSt, N. E., Canton, Ohio.Sometimes there aro serious conditions where a hospital operation is theonly alternative, but on the other handso many women have been cured by thisfamous root and herb remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afterdoctors have said that an operation wasnecessary every woman who wantsto avoid an operation should give it a 4fair trial before submitting to such atrying ordeaLJ.t complications exist, write to LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.,for advice. The result of many yearnexperience is t your service.PEOPIJE TOBHSBLfftiEJA 2&tiia, VIGILANCE!-" iAttorney General'Gregory in a letter from Washington to the NationalDirectors of the American ProtectiveLague called upon the officers andmembers of that organization to continue their effective aid and co-operation with the Department of Justice. They were asked especially" towatch for and report illegal activities harmful to the public moraleduring the discussion o peace terms."I feel if my duty at the presentjuncture," said the Attorney General's letter, "to call upon officers andmembers of the American Protective,League throughout the country to,carry on steadfastly for tiie presenttheir most effective aid and co-operationwith the Department of Justice. "The sudden termination of hqstilities has reacted strongly upon thepublic and there is eveVywhere evidence of a. desire on the part of thepatriotic citizens, heretofore intentupon winning the war, to withdrawI immediately from war work. Such aCUU1DC, 1L &C11C1 Cbll JT 1.UUUYVCU, VVUU1Uinvolve serious consequences."The American Protective Leaguehas performed a great task, both inactive and passive service. The number of investigations participated inby you, many of which have resultedthe uncovering of serious enemyDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris. Ky.THE SARGASSO SEA.Down Goes TheHigh Cost of LivingHargolen's Big Specials ofFresh Home-Killed MeatsFor Friday and Saturday.tmr Ub.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets. . - .27c.Country Bacon 35cPork Chops 35cPork Roast 35cRound Steak 35cLoin Steak 35cSpring Lamb, hind quarters . . 35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. .30cPure Pork Sausage 35cSmoked Hams, 10 to 12 lbs. . .35cSliced Ham &Breakfast Bacon 5cHog Jowls for Greens 25cAn amazing amount of fiction andnonsense has been written about thesargasso weed, bul the truth is actually more unbelievable. Though wesee it in such immense patches, andalthough for days the ocean may befleeced with the scattered head of theweed, yet it is no more at home inmidocean than the falling leaves inautumn may claim as their place ofabode the breeze which whirls themabout, or the moss upon which atlast they come to rest. Along thecoast of Central America the sargasso weed grows, clinging, as is theway with seaweeds, to coral and rockand shell, and flowering and fruitingafter its lowly fashion." The berrylike bladders with which the stemsare strung are filled with gas and enable ttie plants to maintain their position regardless of the state of thetide. Vast quantities are torn awayby the waves and drift out to sea,and these stray masses are what wesee on every trip south, which,caught in the great mid-ocean eddy,from the so-called Sargasso Sea.How Domestic ConsumersCan Save Gas--fc,-i?1":Jtii-A'WitifMwmFacm PowderHARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketclings to skin stays on. Removes all shine. Enhances natural beauty witfi velvety smoothness. Tint for every complexionExquisite fragrance. The dow-der that is different amazinglybetter. Try it and see?M. A. PATONPhone 1010 516' Mainmactivities and disloyalties, and theapprehension and prosecution of theindividuals concerned, the large number of draft evaders detected andyour many other activities have beenan important factor of winning thewar."These services cannot yet be dispensed with. Illegal activities, harmful to the public morale during theJ discussions of peace terms must oewatched for and reported. Violationsof the war statutes, all of which arestill in force, must be prosecuted.Pending investigations must be continued and others instituted."I sincerely trust that in view ofthese grave considerations that -yourmembers willbe aroused to the needof carrying on the work for the immediate future with the fullest degree of, efficiency. I earnestly askyour continued aid and co-operation."The National Protective Leaguewas organized March 22, 1917, as anauxiliary of the Department of Justice and now has membership of250,000 and branch organizations inmost cities and towns over the country. Both officers and men haveserved without pay and without rendering expense accounts to the government. The organization has conducted upwards of 3,000,000 investigations for various department! ofthe government.GBEATLYBENEPITED BY CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.-i -"I am thankfuVfor the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two vyears ago when Ibegan taking them I was suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache and a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tablets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two bottle nf them mv health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N. Y.(adv-nov)tKDONT burn lamps in daytime.' - . 'DONT keep hot "water tank flame higher than necessary,- - " ,fDONT turn gas oni for cooking until you have vesselready for use; turn off immediately when cookingis completed.DONT use. gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortflames, if proberly directed, consume less gas forthe same cooking operation.DONT turn the gas high after cooking boils. Afterboiling begins, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption.DONT keep rooms at over 68 degrees; lower temperatureby turning down gas, not by opening doors' andwindows.v DON'T burn gas in a furnace without automatic" thermostat control. Such an automatic device preventsoverheating and waste of gas.DOOT burn gas in an ordinary coal furnace. It requiresmuch more gas for the same heat than with av specially built furnace.UNITED STATES FUEL ADMINISTRATION,iv&VJ AParis Gas & Electric Company I(tetorfotattd)cV-IHSIIHHEIdIISSEMHEEEUBRlGHTERjIfegVJSNINaSi HIvain nt i m""V ' JTim ' JEfficientNothing adds to the pleasuresof la home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.9lseSletitricityfor OabtinaIt's thevonlysatisfactory way!9se Setsformal ad CookingIt's ihe only sensible plan.Lit Us Fix Yon Upi , Ftr the Useisf BathElectricity tni Gis.Paris Gas & Electric Co.IVTrainingIs what you get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much -.greater 'than we'can supply. We court a thorough Investigation. Send for Booklet "The Fugwrta,WayLeads to the Highest Positions'and you'll he convinced that Jthis isthe' best "school1 fof you" io' attend". '"Miss Fugazzi-iih her'offlce'each dayfmm 9 to 12 and 1 to 5- p. m. to.meet prospective, -students. f Enrollnow and be.ready to.start when the"flu" ban ,is raised.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchworclMiss Irene Fuzazzi PrincipalMrs.1 L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.;ilH.TTm)crSt..,SeoondEloorLexuwrtom. Ky.BODTG IT UP EIGHT.A colored woman recently lost herson, and sne Immediately swathedherself in black, even to the extentof buying at quite an expense, blackunderwear. "Isn't that overdoing ita little, Ellen," asked her mistress"wearing DiacK unaerww;"N$ tma'ma; no, ma'am," said thebereaved mother. "When Ah mournsAh mourns clear through."CHAMBEELABTS . COUGH BEM-EDY.Do not imagine that because othercough medicines failed to give yourelief that it will be the same withChamberlain's Cough Remedy. Bearin mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world widereputation and Immense saie. amedicine must have exceptional meritto win-esteem wherever it becomesknown. . , ,(adv-nov). "pB S5 TBI-- There was a time when the Ameri-,can Issue was the official organ oiiubAnti-Saloon League. But nowadaysthe Congressional Record seems tohave become its official organ.IB 1 JABOUT CB.0UP.'if your children are subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir' beings attacked by that disease,you should, procure bottle of Cham?berlain's Cough Remedy and study,,the directions for use, so that , in.easeof an attack;you willitknow, exacclywh.f p-niirsefto nursue. xnis is a la?vorite and very successful remedy for:croup, and it is important that you!observe r tne ' aireciqu uaiduw .1M 1,The man 'hpoiisyhorse;aiidJTitiniriit. im auto bec'attee the '.horse.shed' its-hair every'Bpting ha 4iecpynlered that the ,auto Bheds . its sinn1every t, . .SLEEPANI) BEST.One of the most conimo.n'causes' jifInsomnia and restlessnesses moiees-.nhn. Take one of , Chamberlain. s-Tablets immediately after supper and.see if you do noj; rest better ana sieepbetter, 'inejr oniy cuau qua vw.(adv-nov)Not only hasthe gate to Paris beenshut against Germany, but the dcoro tne;East ltirheen slammed.in itfface. 'Do YourChrismasShoppingNowOur stock is complete and readyfor immediate inspection. W&tchour display.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.TO THEIRiFARMERSof Bourbon CountyyfrHr-"Ebfc&B"u4"""BAKERYDEPARTMENT; Cakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDARTMENTRoat -Lamb,iair PorkBrainsWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe Wonderful 'ACLEVELANDITRACTORWiLMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3TOIf y axx are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand ee what tnie; little wonderi doing for otlier. .We Can Demonstrateit to You Any Day-- - ' v . . .. . . ? iyg. s. tei mmCor. Fourth arid Pleasant 3ts.N ? HiThe News JobAlways3There's a Reason." Work Done RlftaMV 'V i?-rliM,--.Ky-JN-w- 'is'PfK'JRICXJAGEHGHTTHE IHHJEBOr'iAv . r viui-J ""fWPlF J'-I MILLERSBURG', Mr. Lee Clarice, of Louisville, ia. tlie ,guest of his father, Mr. J. S.Cfirke. t,, . Mr. and Mrs. H, A-Sheeler wereguests of their son, William Sheeler,' andMrs. Sheeler, at Berry, from Sat, Tirday until Monday.t Mrs. Bayless DeBell, of Ewingf,; arrived "Wednesday as the guest ofier daughter,; Mrsi R-. JM. Caldwell,j aruFwill return home Saturday.j--The following is a "partial list ofthp'new cases of Spanish influenza:' 3Cr&v . J. ;Thaxton, .four children ofMr. nd Mrs.. ,W. C. -Crouch, and Henry! Milton Sheeler, the little son of. Mr. and Mr?. E. Jr, Sheeler.t-r-Miss Mary Taylor spent Thanksgiving with her sister, Mrs. K. B.Hatchings, at Lexington; Mr. and, Ms. T. H. Thompson with their; daughter, at Lexington; Mrs. Martha1 Viniont and daughter, Florence Vimdnt, with Mrs. W, A. Munsing, atMaysville.i fe fca teMATRIMONIAL.1'DEATHS.FOREMAN.Mrs. Rhoda Foreman, agedthirty-seven, a former resident ofParis, died at her home in Lexington,of influenza. She is survived hy herhusband, Elbert Foreman, formerlyconnected with the Paris Gas & Electric Co.; two children, Wm. andAllen Foreman, and one brother, Mr.Claude Cox, of San Antonio, Texas.The funeral was held Wednesday,with services conducted at the graveiii the Lexington Cemetery by Rev.J. W. Walker.".1iJ .iCORBIN.Mrs. Ollie-VanHook Corbin, wifeof Apios Corbin, died Saturday morning at their home on the Coppagepike, in Harrison county, from pneumonia following influenza, after anillness of two weeks. She was 28years old, a daughter of James andjMollie VanHook, of Harrison county.JShe was married to Mr. Corbin, atParis, Ky., in 1908. Besides her parlents she is survived by her husbandand two small children, Audery Mayand Erma, aged six and three yearsrespectively.Edgewater, near Cynthiana, Tuesdaynight, from pneumoniafollowing in-,fluenzaj 'alter eihg pick two weeks.She was a daughter of H. vA.. andHappy Catherine Ros,e, and was bo'rn,atAvena, December, 19, .189 5. SheWas' married to Mr. Mains in Newport, Ky., March , 1913. Besides,her parents and husband she is survived by three little children, Chas.Lee, Arvilda C. and Vifgia ElizabethMains. Also the following sistersand brothers, Mrs. J. W. Doan, andMrs. Gipson Denton, Mt. Sterling;Miss Virgie Rose, Cynthiana; OrleRose, A. Kellar distillery; HomerRose, of the county; W,. N. Rose,Shawhan. The fajmily formerly livedon the Joe Desha place. Mrs. Mainswas a member of 1 the . Christianchurch at Ruddles Mills. The burialtook place yesterday -afternoon at 2o'clock, with services at the grave byRev. Jos. D. Armistead.FULLER.RUDISILL TEAGER.' t Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill and Mr.James M. Teager, both of Paris, were1 married in Covington, Tuesday,ae b.rid.e is a sister-in-law of Mrs.J. S. Sims,and ari aunt of 'Mrs. Clarence Ashiifst'; of 'Paris.' 'Mr. Teager isa traveling salenan;for the Murray& Thomas Monumental Works, ofParis and Maysville. They will residein -Paris.'lei pa ibHIS ONLY OBJECTION.(Washington Star.)AWhat's your objection to thismotto, 'work or fight?' " asked Mr.Bafferety."t's too easy," answered Mr. Dolan,"Mrty and many.'s the time I've hadto lo both.", , P3 S isaOne thing we like about a mule isVtha it can do a lot of kicking with-out'-toragging.about its ExecutiveAbility.CROUCH.The funeral and burial of Mr.'Robert Crouch, aged sixty, a formerresident of Bourbon county, who diedat Camp Knox, was held in the oldCrouch burying ground near LittleRock, where a short service was conducted. Mr!" Crouch moved from LittleRock to Lexington several monthsago, and resided there until he moved to Camp Knox, where he was engaged in Government work on the bigbarracks under construction. Abouta week after he went to work he contracted influenza, which caused hisdeath.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Bettie Crouch, three children, Mrs.Chas. Grewitsch, of Lexington; Elgin Crouch, of Bourbon county, andPrivate Roy Crouch, who is a member of the American ExpeditionaryForces in France.MAINS.Hannah Elizabeth Mains, wife ofMinor Mains, died at their home atWhile visiting his daughter,Mrs. Carrie Baker, of 132 Alabamaavenue, in Lexington, Mr. Jesse F.Fuller, aged seventy-two, residingnear Austerlitz, this county, Tuesday,died suddenly of what was pronounced acute indigestion by the attendingphysician. The body was preparedfor burial and was brought to theundertaking establishment of Geo.W. Davis, in this city: From there itwas taken to Salt Well, in Nicholascounty for burial, the funeral cortegeleaving the Davis undertaking establishment at ten o'clock Wednesdaymorning. ,Mr. Fuller is survived by thieechildren, Mrs. Carrie Baker, of Lexington; George H. Fuller, of Harrison county, and T. H. Fuller of Bourbon county; three brothers, JamesFuller, of Dayton, O. ; Wpn. Fuller, ofFayette county, and Robt. Fuller, ofBourbon county, and three sisters,Miss Mary E. Fuller, of near Paris,Mrs. Taylor Feehack and Mrs. M.Snapp, both of Nicholas county.CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers cmay be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.caThe Best Bargains of the Season on SaleDOLLAR DAYSaturday, Nov. 30thTJhe Jcur Store..-... .- jWSEUHt NcrtaBiR.i,,iif,apfcjfc$1.00EACHRegular $1.50 Value, 17 and 21 Quart SizeBlue and WhiteDish Pans3 FOR$1.90Real ChinaSalad BowlsRegular 50c each.HI$1.EACHSilkService FlagsRegular $1.69.fcFORS1.00Semi- PorcelainChina Platesi Yellow Rose with GoldLines. Regular $1. 50.2 FORMl$1.Window Shades6 ft. long; 3 ft. wide.Green only. Regular $1.50.2 FOR$1.0012-Qt. White WaterPailDipper to MatchRegular $1.75.3 FORIS1.00Coal BucketLong-Handle Shoveland Can Stove Polish. Regular $1.30.$1.00EACHOrmulu GoldPicture FrameBig value. Regular $1.49.$1.00EACHWhite EnameledCooking KettlesEnameled covers. Seamless.Regular $1.59.2 FOR$1.00Regular Dollar SizeCedar Oil24 on sale.'z$1.MlEACHDressed DollHat to Match, Necklace. and Nursery Bottle.$1.00EACHLarge Size, Savory ShapeRoasting ParisRegular $1.69. -17 FORS1.001 -Gallon. Milk JarsRjfltlar $1.40.ALL FORSI .00Large Fisk Globe2 Faicv Fisk ShellsSkells , Moss aid FoodRegular $1.35f8 PIECES$1.00Sugar Bowl, Creamer,Batter Dish to Match,Honey Jar, Etc- All for $1,00. '9'j&id.assrissKV5-INCORPORATED "An Established Producing and Refining CompanyAPPROVED BY CAPITAL ISSUES COMMITTEE"Passed by the Capital Issues Committee as not incompatiblewith the national interests but without approval of legality,validity, 'worth, or security. "--Opinion No. A1965.SO Producing Wl!s 17,000 Acrs ! LmimlvOOO Bamri Refinery 730 Nw Tank Cars$2i2 Per SharePresent Price $2.00 Per SharePar Value $1.00 Per Shares"v'; '"" - ' -- An Mai 1 .Qljl ' Cl W 1 ' i" " ' " I ' 'M' " ! - jrtfifflMfflEaB'SfiMK9BPCIHPvVBBaaBaaS9BttnBlr73airaiaiaBaL k aU Wrrlt - TTt-nSxR&Vrrry'BEH9HP8aBBBBWiiBSr ainia M J rmml lit (MJBflKS&Srf',.. nm mr rriMmno rf a vhb. v- . tt k i vv .-'wntja k& rwMmn rm mu ibju r mw m m m mmmmmmmmmmmmmw . inn w B-aW 4fS aBASS3vP3r0S?T92M. 11 mmW&S 'a-5'"" ,tWi I 'HraHlwCl27395c3flREVi?aT ktW J Il cF'-BSt Producer, Transporters, Refiners, Marketers m'fy&V McCombs Producing & Refining Co. IThe money raised from the sale of this stock will continue tobe used, as -it has been used in the past, hi the development andexpansion of the company's properties. Over $325,000.00 ofcapital raised from the sale of stock has been invested in properties and equipment in the twelve months of the company'sexistence. Its outstanding- position today as the leader men?the independent oil companies operating' Ik Kentucky may beascribed to following this policy of expansion. Results accomplished to date are but a forerunner of those which may be expected to ensue from the further development of the company'sconcededly valuable holdings, and expansion in the field of itsoperations through increasing the size of its refining plant, nowoperating, and the purchase of additional producing properties.In view of progress to date "McCombs" stock at $2.00 per shareis an extremely attractive investment opportunity with the,probabilities of unlimited enhancement in value.Dividends 24 Por Annum500 BARREL FLOWING WELLWell No. 2 on the company's recently acquired Butcher lease in the heart of the Big Sinking District in LeeCounty after being drilled In and shot flowed at the rateof over 500 barrels daily.Well No. 3 Butcher, Nos. 3 and 4 Hargis, Nos. 12, 13and 14 Adams lease due in this week. -12 DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFull information on requestABRAM RENICK, President1909 Inter-Southern Building LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKYOrders will be received by telegraph or telephone at our expense up to midnight, Friday, December 20, 1918; at $2.00per share.rr'FTP!?HolidayShoes and SUpporsNOW READYFOR YOULargest and most completestock of Holiday Footwearever purchased.Work Shoes 4&&Hi-TopRubbersDress ShoesLeather SlippersFelt SlippersNow is time to buy your IVHoliday Shoes. Every linecomplete. Prices less thanfactory edstLadies' Havana Brown andDark Gray Boots, WALKOVER, atLowest Prices!fan" T.irnI II In llu I I: !I II m" I IIt II II I I- I -' IJS K -4e.' m-(r nSaturday SpecialsMen's Romeos$2.00 valuesin I Ladies Felt Arcticsm'Vj $1.50 values at99cThe Following are But a Few Items of the Many ExtraordinaryBargains Uttered tor Saturday Shoppers:Men's Dark Tan English Walk-Over at v. ..."..Men's Tan English, Best Makes,at ...,.-.Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over,,English .Men's and Boys' E, J. Best Wear- a ftAing Shoes, heavy flexible soles fvv.Boys' Tan Home Guard '.Shoes o Afipj; Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, dC QCvcustom made, at ' pu.d'Ladies' Mahogany Tan English e HflBoots, calf tops, at........ po.UULadies' Mahogany Tan English djo qcBoots, cloth tops to match, at .PO-JOLadies' "Gun Metal English Boots o q. wing tip, low heel, at pO7Ladies' Gun Metal, button, "o IQlow heel, at H$5.00$4.50$3.49atDANll Paris' Greatest Sboe StoreCOHENV.Where Beauty and Economy ReifnAllKWrMIMii ipi m, --rt.' ' -t o " "