jjpfc aI-:&&Kfe-n?$J. -VSt.I-'?.THEL --... -j . V ,iiNEWSw&f.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY, IN TE YEAR.H3"NVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1918-p. "BOURBONmLS!-JTH7t VfIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.xCorporal Allen. Huddleston has returned to army duties at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Mozelle Huddleston, of Stoner avenue. Corp. Huddleston makes a fine-looking soldierand graces the khaki uniform with asoldierly bearing.Mr. Thos. Higgins, formerly ofParis, who is connected with the construction work of the Wright Aeroplane Co., at Dayton, O., was a guestthis week of his parents, Mr. andMrs. Charles V. Higgins, near Paris.Mr. Higgins is an expert in woodwork, and has been engaged with the"Wright concern for several months.Messrs. Leo Keller and John J.McCarthy were at Camp.ZacharyTaylor, Sunday, as guests of Mr.Chas. McCarthy, formerly of Paris,who is a member of the Kentuckycontingent in training there. Charlie says he is going to do everythinghe can to help rid the earth of theHuns. He is in excellent health andlikes camp life.Joe Talbott, son of the late Mr.Hichard Talbott, of Paris, and awell-known railroad man, enlisted inUncle Sajm's service at the LexingtonTecruiting station this week. Joe tried the marine and navy service, butthe recruiting officers, finding he hadspent many years in railroad work,.persuaded him to enlist in thatbranch of the service. He will betransferred to one of the army campsthis week for special training.Frank Haskins and Jas. O'Connell,members of the Bourbon county draftnow in the shipbuilding camp atChester, Pa,, write to County ClerkPearce Paton, thanking for .the donations of tobacco and cigarettes for themen. At the recent flag-raising heldin Chester camp, seven of the menselected to participate in the ceremonies, were from Bourbon county.All the boys are in excellent healthand working hard getting- ready todo their bit toward suppressing theHuns.Sergt. Roger D. Thomson, formerlyof Paris, is now a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Force inJ'rance, having safely landed oaFrench soil recently. He wrote an"interesting letter to his mother, Mrs.PwOger Q. Thomson, who is at presenta guest of her aunt, Mrs. John T.Hinton, in Paris, detailing his experiences and impressions. Amongother things he stated that the shipjust in advance of them brought in aprize crew of thirty men taken froma German submarine in mid-ocean,but didn't say what became of thesubmarine.Mr. Marion Douglas, who is withthe American Expeditionary Force inFrance, writes a most interesting letter to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Douglas, of Paris, mostly descriptiveof scenes and improssions of La BelleFrance. Mr. Douglas is or was atthe time the letter was written, driver of one of the big 3 ton armymotor trucks, engaged in transporting supplies to the front. Mr. Douglas is very optimistic as to the outcome of the war and basing hisprophecies on the wonderful successesof the Americans and the Allies, ifof the firm opinion that Germany willlose the fight.Lieut. Thos. G. Holt, son of Mr. J.Cal Holt, of Grand Rapids, Mich.,who formerly resided in Bourboncounty, is with the American Expeditionary Force in France. "Withother Americans on the Toul fronthe received the'Croix de Guire (Crossof War) from the French Government in recognition of bravery andfidelity to duty. According to a report in the New York Times, Lieut.Holt, who is a member of the 101stField, Artillery, displayed greatcourage and coolness while under fireon the battlefield. He is a nephew ofMr. J. Harry Holt and Mrs. H. C.Buckner, of this county, and is agraduate of Tale.Apropos of the recent marriage ofCorp. John M. Stuart, of Paris, toMiss Bobbie Mbrris, at Indianapolis,Ind., the Indianapolis Times says:Indianapolis Times says:"A midnight marriage took placelast -night at the Metropole barracks,when John M. Stuart, of Paris, Ky.,one of the men in the vocational gunsmith class in the local training detachment, and Miss Bob Morris, ofthis city, formerly of Paris, Ky.,were made man and wife."Stuart was transferred to anothercamp this morning, and the marriage was performed in order to permithim to make train connections andreport for duty." 'It's got to be a honeymoonlesstrip this time,' said Stuart, as hisfriends inquired about the details ofhis marriage plana."W. O. Pennington, formerly ofParis, now a salty tar on the Mississippi, one of Uncle Sam's big battleships on the. Atlantic coast, is inParis on a furlough. Penningtonand Ed. Doty left Philadelphia atthe same time, but through red tapeand different train connections Pennington's arrival was delayed. He isnow in charge of a detail engaged inspecial training on the Mississippirequiring possession of mechanicalskill and knowledge of the use ofspecial tools and machinery. Pennington says Ed. Fitzpatrick ha dtDEEP MYSTERY ENSHROUDS THISAUTOMOBILE COLLISION.The finding of an abandoned andbadly wrecked automobile near theTarr home on the Maysville pike,about three miles from Millersburg,Wednesday morning, lends a touch ofmystery to an affair which has notyet been unraveled. "Early passers-by on the road cameupon the machine, which had evidently been in collision with another,turned turtle and resting at the bottom of a ditch. The ground aroundgave evidence of a collision, and partof a busted tire from the other machine was found a little furtheraway.Bloodstains on the sides of the demolished car and on the upholsteringled to the belief that one of the occupants had been severely injured. Theplace where the collision occurred issomewhat remote from a house, andno one has been found who heard themachines crash. The license tag onthe wrecked machine had either beenlost or removed.It was stated yesterday that oneof the occupants of the machine wasa dentist in a neighboring town, who,according to rumor, sustained a broken leg. The rumors could not beverified, however. Nothing- was apparently known at Millersburg of thehappening, nor could anyone befound who could identify the car.The damaged machine was towed toParis and sent to a local garage forrepairs, awaiting the call of theowner.Efforts from, the "Paris end of thestory to get at the truth of the matter have been baffling and the wholeaffair awaits the coming of someSherlock Holmes with ingenuityenough to solve the mystery.MAYOR JANUARY ISSUES W. S. S,DAY PROCLAMATION.To the Citizens of Paris, Ky.:Friday, June 28, 1918, is officiallydesignated National War Savings Dayby the President of the United Statesand the Secretary of the Treasury.All loyal citizens of this communitywill accordingly devote the afternoqn of said day, beginning at twoo'clock, to attending the public meeting of your neighborhood and to subscribing for a specified amount ofWa'r Savings Stamps, to be purchased during the remaining months ofthe year.All who are able should pledgethemselves to save and invest to thelimit allowed by law, and should promote the sale of this valuable Government security in large amountsduring Pledge Week in Kentucky,June 24 to June 28 next.E. B. JANUARY, Mayor.LOCAL OIL COMPANY BRINGS INNEW WELL.There was rejoicing Wednesdayat the office of the Bourbon Oil &Development Co. over the receipt ofa telegram from Field Manager Jas.H. Moreland in the Estill countyfield, where the company has largeholdings.The telegram stated that Well No.2 had been drilled in on the JamesRogers farm, and was estimated asbeing a thirty-barrel producer.Location was being made and drillmoved to No. 3 Well, where work ofdrilling will begin immediately uponerection of the rig.Mr. Moreland was in Pans, Wednesday night and confirmed the news.He stated that the Bourbon Oil andDevelopment Co.'sNprospects were excellent in the Estill fields, and thatthe wells that have been drilled inare flowing strongly. Mr. Morelandreturned yesterday morning to Irvine, where he will take activecharge of the work on the company'sleases.REDCROSS CANARIESGIVEN AWAY.TO BEThe Red Cross canaries. "GeneralPershing" and "Jack Pershing,"which were donated to the localChapter by Mrs. Frankie Paton, willbe given away at eleven o'clock nextWednesday morning at the office ofthe Edwards Realty Co., adjoiningNicholas Kriener's harness store.The birds were raised by Mrs.Paton, and are remarkably fine specimens of these songsters. They weredonated for patriotic purposes,, andhave been the means of addingabout $100 to the Chapter's funds.Everybody is invited to come tothe rooms on next Wednesday morning and attend the reception to begiven by the canaries.veloped into the saltiest of sailors,and his happy-go-lucky dispositionhas made him one of the best-likedboys in the service. Fitz is now doingtemporary duty in special service inthe Philadelphia Navy Yard. Pennington is taking a special course ofstlidy with a view of securing ahigher rating in the service. 'Edward C. Doty, of the U. S. S. Nevada, 'who has been in Paris' on afurlough for five days, returned yesterday to his ship. Mr. Doty is amember of the gun crew on the Nevada, which is said to be one of thegreatest fighting machines in theworld.IN THE SERVICE. . . .Former Governor James B. McCreary, who has just returned toRichmond from Washington, is practically certain that Congress willTaise the draft age from 31 to 45.Gov. McCreary stated that from talkshe had with Government officials,Congressmen and Senators he wassure this action'woula be taken.JUNE 24 TO 30 TO BE NEW CLASS-IFICATION WEEK.June 24 to 30 will be "class oneweek" with local exemption boardsat which time they will revise classifications under instructions from Major Henry F. Rhodes, selective serviceofficer for Kentucky.In a circular letter to the boardsj he said, "the status of the number ofmen in class one is lower than theaverage" and special attention is invited to the dependency clause.The re-classiflcation includes thoseerroneously granted deferred classification by district boards, and hesaid: "Always bear in mind thaf warwill create some sacrifice and hardship. No person has a right to refuse to sacrifice luxuries. On theother hand it is not the intention ofthe law to deprive dependents of areasonably adequate support. Reasonably adequate -support can not be determined by ruhVof thumb, but mustbe determined with common senseand sympathy in the facts of each individual case. What would be adequate support in one locality may ntbe in another. The question of adequate support must be determinedwith the thought always in mind thatthe present classification scheme isdesigned to raise our armies with aminimum of hardship and sufferingto those who are left at home."Complete inspection of all questionaires, where deferred classification has been granted is ordered,with directions to re-examine underthe new standard of phyiscal examination, now being issued. They maybring in for limited service manymen heretofore totally rejected."While the order practically applies only to Class 2, A and B; Class3, A, B and C; and Class 4, theboards are not limited to these.COLORED DRAFTEES TO LEAVEPOR CAMP ZACHARY TAYLORForty-four colored men, selectedunder the terms of the selective draftlaw, will leave Paris to-morrowmorning, Saturday, June 22, forCamp Zachary Taylor, where theywill be taken into the service of theUnited States army in differentbranches.The men have been ordered to report to the members of the Board ofExemption at their office in the courthouse at five o'clock this afternoon,when they will receive their finalinstructions, and be supplied, withjsnany angles,toilet articles, cigarettes and tobaVcp.-T Phe Food Administration chairThey will be permitted to return to ! men are asked to help Mr. Bohannontheir homes or remain in the city, at by reporting to him any negligencetneir discretion. They will be ten-dered a supper at night. To-morrow.morning they will report to the Boardat the court house at seven o'clock, 'be - saved. 2d. See that the grain isand will march to the Louisville & thoroughly cleaned up after theNashville passenger station, at Tenth thresher so that none of it will bestreet, where they will entrain for lost. 3d. Se that the wagons carCamp Taylor. The list of those who rying the grain from the thresherwill leave to-day has been published have tight bottoms so that the grainin all the Paris papers. will not spill.PWE KNOW Ti WlIII IIIKeep Cool These HotWith Comfortable,Palm Beach Coat and Trousers jSSdMohair Cloths clothes that are tailored and made withoutlining, that fit and .hold their shape regardless of the lightweight fabrics from which they are made. Solid greys,fancy greens, tans and blues.. .$1 2.50 to $25.00Light Summer Underwear jlwhite nainsook, light 'weight lisle and linen union suitsfrom , : $1.50 to$5.00Straw Hits, Panamas and Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shoes. Everything you need in SummerClothes you' will find at our- store.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREMHiANTI-VAGRANCY AND ANTI-SHIP-PING LAWS NOW IN EFFECTYesterday witnessed the putting'int effect of the two new laws reLCU"y passed, navmg an "anti" tagto them. The anti-shipping liquorbill, which makes the State, or manyparts of it, bone-dry, went into effect at one minute after midnightand was in full force and effect onyesterday morning.There was much speculationamong the thirsty ones whetherthey would be permitted to maketheir usual trips to and from Lexington, the closest source of supply, onWednesday. A rumor had been incirculation that the Louisville &Nashville and the Traction officialshas issued an order prohibiting persons from getting on their cars withliquor in their possession, but thisproved to be a canard and the boyswith a dry throat came back on thedifferent cars with a supply of thewet goods in their possession, so it isalleged. From now on only water,and soft drinks will be the rule, andrumor says the water has been proven slightly contaminated, so what isa poor fellow going to do?The authorities were strictly onthe job in enforcing the anti-vagrancylaw and made many roundsof the city looking up men and women who possibly had not compliedwith the provisions of the measure.Pool rooms and other places wherethe gentlemen of leisure congregatewore a deserted look, and thfere was anoticeable absence of loafers on thestreets. Several negro mea and women who were found on the streets,apparently without work, and whocould not give, a satisfactory explanation, were given a vigorous admonition to get work of some kind immediately. The law is a good one,and will be enforced here, the authorities say, without fear or favor.TO FARMERS AND THRESHERS.Another department of the FoodAdministration, the threshing machine department, has been created.It is known that not a grain of wheatshould be lost that might be saved.Mr. Joshua Bohannon, care Food Administration, 315 Guthrie Street,Louisville, Ky., is Chairman 6f thisdepartment for the State of Kentucky, and through his organizationevery threshing machine will be putand kept in perfect condition and theelimination of waste regarded fromalong these lines: 1st. See tnat a:tarbaulin is stretched under thethresher so that all the grain mayDaysLight Weight Clothesv'1'.,rmI;:-:BOURBON CIRCUIT C0UBT.The sessions of the bourbon Circuit Court, which began here Monday morning were resumed Tuesday,the principal business being the trialof the case of Oscar N. Johnson,charged with the killing of Walter A.Rice, in this city on the night of January 19. Both sides having announced their readiness, the trialwas entered into.Considerable time was devoted tosecuring a jury, which was finally accomplished and the trial of the casewas begun at three o'clock Tuesdayafternoon.. The jury selected to trythe case is composed of J. H. Fuhrman, J. W. Liver, J. F. Ingels, Geo.W. Link, James Doty, Albert Mitchell, John F. Young, Richard H. Wills,Edward Spears, J. T. Judy, LutherMclntyre and Charles Green. Afterstatements to the jury by the counsel on both sides of the case, the taking of testimony was begun.- A largenumber of witnesses for both the defense and the Commonwealth werepresent, -and the time of the Courtwas taken up with hearing the evidence. The principal witness ts A. S.Askew, a traveling man, who testifiedhe was in the restaurant where theshooting took place, in conversationwith Johnson and Rice, and thatthere was nothing in their conversation to indicate any ill-feeling between them. When Johnson waspreparing to leave the restaurantRice invited him to call on his wife.who was in Livingston, adding thatsne would be glad to see hijin. Johnson left the building, but returnedsoon and opened fire on Rice withoutsaying a word as tohis intention orwarning his victim, according to thetestimony. Johnson, following theshooting, surrendered to "the police,saying that he felt justified in shooting Rice.Both men were in the employ ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,and were well-known here and inEastern Kentucky. The Commonwealth was. represented in the prosecution of the case against Johnsonby Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley, of Georgetown, CountyAttorney D. D. Cline and AttorneyJohn J. Williams, of Paris, andJudge L. W. Bethurum, Mt. "Vernon;the defense by Attorney Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, and Hon. Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset.The taking of testimony continued through Wednesday until threeo'clock, when both sides closed. Theprincipal -witness for the defensewas the defendant, Johnson, who testified as to occurrences, both beforeand after the tragedy. He declaredinsluting remarks made about hissister by Rice was the cause leadingup to the shooting. A number ofwitnesses were introduced to showthat Johnson had a bad reputationfor peace and good order in the community in which he resided. Dr.Albert N. Barry, an expert from AnnArbor, Mich., testified on forms of insanity. Rebuttal testimony closedthe case, and the arguments weretaken up. Attorney Oscar T. Hinton opened for the defense, followedby Judge Bethurum for the prosecution. ' He was followed in a powerfulargument for the defense by Hon. Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset, temporary insanity being the plea of defense. At the close of Mr. Morrow.'s argument J,udge Stout ordered an adjournment taken until nine o'clock yesterday morning, and the jury was turned over to the Sheriffs, with the usualadmonitions. At the opening of Courtyesterday morning the closing argument for the Commonwealth wasmade by Commonwealth's AttorneyBradley.Upon the reconvening of Court yesterday morning the argument for theCommonwealth was renewed byCommonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley, whose speech of an hour anda half, closed the case and the argument for the prosecution. JudgeStout then read the instructions tothe jury, which, in effect, were thatunder the law and testimony, theywere to fix the penalty at life imprisonment or death. He then gavethejm the usual admonition, afterwhich they retired to' their roomsand began their deliberations. Atnoon they were taken to the "WindsorHotel for dinner.Upon the reconvening of Court forthe afternoon session the spokesmanof the jury called Judge Stout andannounced that they hadagreed upona verdict. The verdict was handedto the Clerk, who read it. The verdict inflicted the death penalty. Theusual questions were asked, eachmember of the jury responding inthe affirmative, making the verdict aunanimous one. The jury was out onthe case about two hours. JudgeStout ordered the verdict placed onthe record, and the jury was discharged, iThis is the first time in manyyears that the death penalty hasIbeen given in a murder case in thiscounty. The defendant, Johnson,who was brought into Court to hearthe verdict, was visibly affected, andshowed signs of nervousness. Hewas taken back to jail in charge ofJailer Thos. Taul.No business was transacted incourt yesterday afternoon, and thejuries were all discharged until thismorning. It had been anticipatedthat, the trial of the Johnson caseand- the arguments following would.! consume the entire day, but the juryreturning the verdict at noon upsetthe. calculation. The trial of theHarp murder case will probaBly btne next..Should. we not consider it a priv-ilege to save to Help our boys?NOTED VOCALIST TO SING HULENEXT MONDAY NIGHTBy a stroke of good fortunr tfclocal Cbfcpter of the Americam RCross has arranged to bring to Parison next Monday night for a concertone of the most noted song-birds Inthe country to-day, Miss LucilleLawrence, who-wrill sing for the benefit of the Red Cross at the GrandOpera House.Miss Lawrence is the only Kentucky girl, as far as known' hasbecojme famous as an actress and asinger of great roles in the .greatopera houses of Europe and In America. Miss Lawrence continued hertriumphs in Europe for two seasomsafter the war. Miss Lawrence- has"never sung in her native State, andTplans to devote the month of Juneto singing for the various Red CrossChapters wherever they find herwork may be of use.Miss Lawrence has just returnedfrom Cuba, where she was the soloist at the largest Red Cross benefitthat has been held in any of the allied nations. It was given under theauspices of Mme. Menocal, wife ofthe President of Cuba, and at theclose of her singing, Miss Lawrencewas presented by the U. S. ministerafter a memorable speech, with thehandsomest embroidered shwl everimported into Cuba. Miss Lawrencewas chosen by the composer Puccinito create the title role in his opera"The Girl of the Golden West," andwas also the soloist at the famousVerdi Requiem held at the New Yorkpolo grounds. It is a most unusualopportunity to music lovers of theBlue Grass to hear such, a wonderfulartist as Miss Lawrence, as she isprobably the greatest singer that hasever been in Paris. She is giving anentire month of her time and all theproceeds of the concerts to the localRed Cross chapters, and certainly willbe rewarded here with, as big a crowd'and as loyal a welcome as she willhave anywhere in the State.Miss Lawrence will give the following program at her concert: -Aria from "La Forza del Destino"Verdi.Songs byi American Composers;"Long Ago" MacDawell.- "An Evening Song" GilberteM -"LittleBoy Blue:' Nevin. i ' -"By an By" Burleigh. . JL.Aria from "La Tosca" PucclritfIntermission.Two Neapolitan Songs: "". 7"Ave Maria" Gunod."La Marseillaise," (in costume.)"Star Spangled Banner," with au-jridience. m f '?SBOURBON COUNTY INTERESTEDIN THE BABY WEIGHINGMore than two million babies intown, and country rich and poor,well and sickly are tipping thescales and standing up under the 'yeardsticks, unless they are too littleto stand up, in answer to the requestof the Children's Bureau of theUnited States Department " of Laborand the Woman's Committee of theNational Council of Defense thatparents enter their children in fhe-nation-widetest, which began onApril sixth, as the first step in theChildren's Year campaign to save100,000 babies.In this city the work began at theBourbon county court house, lastTuesday. Over fifty babies wereweighed and measured, according tothe instructions prescribed by the;Child Welfare Bureau. The work.was- conducted under the supervisionof Mrs. Thomas Allen, the County ,Chairman, assisted by Mrs. Harriet,"Minaker, Visiting Nurse for theBourbon County Health and Welfare,League, and local physicians and.nurses. On the first day the workwas in charge of Mrs. Minaker, Mrs.M. H. Dailey, Dr. J. A. Orr, MrsTFeyette Ardery, Mrs. Oscar T. Hin-ITton and Miss Elizabeth; Brown.The room, will be open each "afternoon this week at 2:30 o'clock. Allmothers of children under six yearsof age are urged to bring them therefor the test and receive a score card ,bearing the exact figures indicatingthe weight and measurements of their ylittle ones.KENTUCKY HORSE ENROUTE TOVFRANCE FOR GEN. BELL.Somewhere on the high seas-on;?::. ,board an army transport is a Bour- -boncounty saddle horse, bound .for- 'France, where he may soon be bur-rden bearer for a Kentucky-raised mil-. .itary man, Gen. J. Franklin Bell, of xthe U. S'.'army. -The animal, a beautiful bay, six- -teenhands high, was presented toGen. Bell, by Mr. Edward F. Simms,of the Xalapa Farm and Houston,Texas, oil magnate. The horse, Mercuito, is seven-years old, was sjred byMarvel King, and was purchased by; 'Mr. Simms representatives from B.K. and C. M. Thomas, at their dispersal sale held some months ago.He has been shown in numerousshow rings throughout the State,"and has carried off a number of arstprizes. 'He is said to be one of taefinest specimens of. saddle horses theDluegrass country . ha produce.-General Bell should hare great pleasure in riding this charger, 'for -h- -sidesbeing -"bred imjbld Kentucky,",he is a remarkably game and higk-splritea norse, to arnica tac ir-Kemtucky iastiact for batUe will aofault prove moom matttPCto:v.2?y" tv" '! vt,-VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JUN M, ltlf.TWO9Bft 4TT1 BOURBON NEWSbed 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationMbtished Every Tuesday and Fridayar Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WfFT CHAMP, Editor and OwnerAnj erroneous reflection upon theacter, standing or reputation oilerson, firm or corporation whichr maar In the columns of THB'OURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-II orougnt to attention oi weADVERTISING RATESJMgptey Advertisements, $1.00 perfar first-time; 50 cents per menfiubsenuent insertion."ntrTfnr Nntfr-n. 10 cents per lineissue: reading notices in duck. 20 cents ner line, each issue.CfertLs - of thanks, calls on candl-s, obituaries and resolutions, andtr matter. 10 cents per line.flfecial' rates for large advertiseMats and yearly contracts.Tke rieht of publisher is reserved$m Adeline any advertisement or otherTftnr. for publication.Ajoiracements for political officesmrf variably be accompanied hy-M3E- - This ppcrhas enlistedjmtfi the government in thecause of America for thevjpcriojd of the-warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.aH v3i fizi?Don't Damn Your Town.Any place is just what the men"n&o live in it make it. Don't sitaround and damn your town. A"Sown is just as good or as bad as the' people who are spending their time-jfatfnning it Every cojnimunity, event it hasn't more than two hundredaskabitants, should have a place"Sere the cigars are good and whereatfij'one can meet on equal termsaut&. absorb a portion of the good-VM3Lties of the other; where the"yswtflt of the Golden Rule can be in---aftll2e5;for no one can deny this perRMocLy scientific principle. A town5b seldom the result of virgin naturalOTMlitians. In any event it was manaKho first saw the natural advantages22id frequently it was some one in2viaual. "You can hear of people in one- .Zftxce saying, those who are engagedT3BL mercantile, artistic and scientificBTsuits, "If we were only in this or3ItttItwn we could do so and so."-AncTin. that place they were speakingoE, you can "hear the people saying:KOk,if we were just in some other""fawn we might "hope to do something- SBna'be something." And so it goes' xaanbow tjhasing from one place to- another. And the pity of it all is that-with, the proper spirit we all couldintake Paris as good as any otherj ?ibsfm jn. Kentucky.IHere, then, let us be up and doing."IjbI "us co-operate in the building of- srlive town boosting organizationm&fre tried Commercial Clubs that- I35t died a-bornin. Lend your supicrt'to the town's newspapers. Im&esr labor conditions and try to atMuCt manufacturing industries.?39e,u.tify the town in order to holdr Cfefi people already there. Do these- jfiMpfe things and we will be laying"& foundation for a solid growth for" 45t6ing a Start in Manufacturing.One of the big problems bothering. great many American young men,recently graduated from colleges and- schools, is as to how they can get aataxt ia. some line of manufacturing.This is perhaps the opportunity that-Stoics-most Attractive to the bulk ofvoar business beginners.'"Some thoughts on this questionrere presented the past week to the"National Association of Manufac-lairers, by a committee on industrial-axiucation. The committee urged"Chat rich men's boys and poor men's"boys should be trained at the sameschool in basic processes of manufacture.Areat many ambitious young men"take jobs at office work. They may' spen years in- dictating letters, re-ceiving and shipping orders, keep-Hag T)ooks, and passing on credits..And after they have spent the first' Mash of their young manhood theyTBayhave but a superficial knowledgethe process of making the goods." Vi-They might be able to run a bus-"eis, 'if these processes continue the'Tine year after year. ,But fashionsT ml 'manufacture change fast. Theftce trained man is incapable of- adapting himself to these changes- bhI "his subordinates take advantage-"Oi "Wa ignorance.The thoroughly trained factorynnraacer should be able to go intohe follt and perform any process"53Hnielf, at least well enough so hech know' -when an employe does itskilfully "and effectively. But the"w who hae broad business train-Jbog, and thoseT-cwiio have had broadeducation are helpless wuen theysee atool ora machine. "The work at the3 bench comescloser to the heart of a business thanany function performed with clean'hands in an office. As time goes onthere will be more trade schools, assuggested by the manufacturers'committee referred to above, whereyoung men can acquire general technical knowledge without doing someroutine thing ovr and over againfor years.Get In This Class.The June campaign for War Savings is expected to put before UncleSam his "best" citizens; that is, allwho subscribe immediately for thebaby bonds. A strict account is tobe kept of all who subscribe, and astill stricter account of all who donot. Every man, woman and childis $o go on record, and reports willbe sent to Washington immediatelyfollowing the campaign. It is in thisway that Uncle Sam can round upthe slackers those who don't "goacross" and those who don't "comeacross." Every American citizenmust do one or the other some ofthem have done both.Uncle Sam is having no trouble inmassing his fighting army for acrossthe seas; it's the stay-at-home armywhich doesn't realize its own importance that he is rounding up.Don't wait till he "gets" you; volunteer your dollar for War SavingsStamps, and do it before June 28.Now, listen To This!"The idea of the average newspaper man," says Arthur Brisbane in arecent address bristling with pointedtruths, "is that he has done his wholeduty if he convinces somebody thatall the other newspapers are bad,quite overlooking the fact that theintelligent man may say: 'In thatcase yours is about the same.' "You may note it as a fact that thebest newspaper is invariably foundamong those newspapers which attend to the business of making newspapers without wasting their timerunning down other newspapers. Buteven the best newspapers share tosome degree the ill repute given tonewspapers in general by those whocan see only evil in their competitors.IT'S PEETTY SOFT FOR YOU!You are a merchant, a manufacturer, r& broker, a lawyer willing,but fat; patriotic, but forty. Youcan't stand the gaff, so there is a soldier in France doing your fightingfor you. No matter what sacrificeof ease, time and money you aremaking, beside the lot of your soldier in France, it's pretty soft foryou, isn't it?You are young, you are strong, butbecause you are a good farmer yourcountry orders you to serve at home,raising food for the soldiers. Youare sweating in the fields from sunup to sun-down, short of labor, fertilizer and materials, but beside thelot of your soldier in France, it'spretty soft for you, isn't it?You are working in the office, theshop or the factory, some becauseyour country requires it. some because age or condition demands it.You are doing hard work, goodwork, patriotic work, but after all,beside tfte lot of your soldier inFrance, it's pretty soft for you, isn'tit?You have a soldier in France whois facing death for you. What canyou do for him? There is very little that you can do for him in comparison to what he is doiig for you.ButYou can give him yourself yourloyalty in thought, word and deed.You can give him your money tothe last dollar if he needs it to carryon your fight. ButYour country does not ask you togive, but to invest, your savings inthe best and safest bond on earththe War Savings Stamps. 'It's pretty soft for you, isn't it?Buy your War Savings Stamps today that your soldier in France mayknow that the man for whom he'sgoing through Hell has fightingstuff in him, even if he has to stay athome.MICKIE SAYS,uuKfc eHT, MlCklEi AMAN WHO SNEAKS OUT n?PAWING- HS BACK SUBSCRIPTIONo Kfc-USIN(T THE PAPER A.TTHE POST0FPIC6 IS A PESKVwov.ee AT AND AN OftNEDvHVENA, BUT STILL T NASPOOR. JUOGhAPM-T con -wiii.0 TELL HIN SOTOHIS PACE J-uk ht FEELS VvEAN ENOUGHuefcO, rvMO CAlv SUE.VWts ANO GeT THE.NVONEN ..CALLEDHIM A POOQ.WAftTHOG-TOO, 8055Id tIterQtMLtCir--CHAIRMANTHIS MESSAGECHAIRMEN 0jtft-G7V8kA,Xifr?.?&& -pevm, 'lViS3fri 'mlU:&' i. .&fe?:f -ffijM&4 YJ?.?MlTHEESHERMEN AND MILLERSHOLD DIP0RTANT MEETINGBourbon County farmers, threshers and millers held a meetincr atthe Court House Tuesday afternoon,at which time prices for threshingwheat, rye and barley and the priceof labor necessary for such work,was decided upon.The meeting was presided over byMr. Lawrence D. Mitchell, of NorthMiddletown, Bourbon County FoodAdministrator, and was largely attended by Bourbon County farmers.The owners of threshing machinesand the farmers came to an agreement on prices to control the threshing of grain as follows:Wheat, 25 cents per bushel.Rye, 30 cents per bushel.Barley, 20 cents per bushel.No price was placed on the threshing of oats.The question of labor and the iprices to govern same in the field dur- jing the threshing season was discussed and the scale of prices adoptedwas as follows:Sackers, $3 per day.Straw men, ?3 per day.Field men, $2.25 -per day.Two-horse wagon and driver, $5.50per day.The question of sacks was taken upwith the grain dealers and millersand it developed that there wasabout half enouerh sacks in thAcounty to care for the 400,000bushels of wheat to be threshed, andthat the elevator capacity in Bourbon County was around 200,000bushels.To meet this wheat sack scarcity,it was decided that every farmershould appoint himself a Committeeof one to see that he hauled no sacksfrom the grain dealers for mills- untilhe was ready to thresh his wheat,and that as soonashis wheat hadbeen threshed that he would haul itto the elevator or granary so thathis fellow wheat raiser could havesacks to care for his wheat.Threshermen at the meeting agreedto take all grain fields as they came,and not to skip from one neighborhood to the other. In other words,all fields of wheat will be threshedout as they come, regardless ofwhether they contain twenty acresor five hundred acres.Mr. Joshua Bohanon. of Louisville, Inspector Grain Threshing Division or tne u. s. ooa Administration Grain Corporation, was presentand gave the farmers valuable information regarding the condutc of theirorganization.J E$ P3WILHELM WAS CROOKED BEFORE WAR BEGANGerman proof of the saying thatall is not gold that glitters wasforthcoming in New York with thedisclosure that the "magnificent"cup which Emperor Wilhelm awarded to the American winner of hisocean yacht race in 1905 was notgold and was not' worth $5,000, aswas announced at the time. It wasmade of pewter with a thin veneerof gold and was worth scarcely $40.The deception recoiled against theemperor during the recent Red Crossdrive, it was revealed, as it was auctioned and reauctioned until it added $125,060 to the nation's mercyfund.President Wilson was in the audience when the "gold" trophy, bearing the Emperor's likeness engravedon the side was smashed with a hammer on the stage of the MetropolitanOpera House, in New York, a fewweeks ago. Persons who had desiredtq.seethes cup broken had naid $5VANttfiRLIiCj ;4 jh c,vVWashington, D. C, June 14, 1918James B. Brown,State Director of Kentucky, x ,Louisville, Ky.Reports from all sections of the UnitedStates indicate big success for the War SavingsCampaign for Pledges. I am depending oil yourState not to fall behind the others. Close adherence to the National plan, with particular emphasis on large pledges, and other essential features, backed by thorough, comprehensive, organization and increasing effort will insuresuccess.Insist on every community pledging itsquota. We are doing everything possible atWashington to back you up.Frank A. Vanderlip,9 Chairman.National War Savingsstage. The "gold" remnants werelater to have been sold for cash, forthe Red Cross, but the dealer towhom they were offered, said theywere pewter, and he was not analchemist.Wilson Marshall's yacht, Atlantic,won the race for which the cup wasthe prize.It is cheaper to spend a lot ofmoney to win the war than not towin it.MMIWA. F. Wheeler'sBig Summer SaleNow is the Time to Buy Your Summer NeedsAs you know that on July 1st there will be a bigjump in prices on all goods. Buy now what you need.wi.yr?:faliKi'iHiiwuu ' JCouch Hammocks at a Big Saving for CashNew Process Oil Stoves Save Oil INew Process Gas Stoves Save Gas !Let us put one in your home while we can save youmoney by buying now.TRY TRADINGA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co-Main and Tnird St$.SENDSTO COUNTYKENTUCKYjyFSii-.ilA'n'.4&JT3-VVX&&-884CommitteeFor Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. PHone 371.(23-tf)w-yaf''ArAThe New IcebergRefrigerator Saves IceWe have a few more left at a specialprice.Porch Chairsat a big Saving foryou our stock andsave for you;AT WHEELER'S YOU'LL LIKE IT!CHAS. GREEN, ManagtrFor SalePony: gentle: eood driver: doqtcart and harness. Call on or address.PHIL MAHER,1842 Brent Street,(18-2t) 'Cum. Phone 633.For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.Furniture Wanted.We pay the highest cash price forsecond-hand furniture, refrigerators, "carpets, etc.THE ARK,(14-3t) Cumb. Phone 780.FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rpoms,-bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.For Sale..-jgsGood second-hand Milwaukee Binder. First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb. Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf)Ford For Sale.A good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.NOTICEThe Electric Dry Cleaning Company, heretofore operating: in Paris.IKy., and composed of Walter Clarkana d. w. Traugatt, is this day dissolved by mutual consent. The saidD. W. Trangatt assumes all the obligations of the old firm and is entitled to collect all the outstanding accounts due said firm, this June 10,1918.WALTER CLARK,D. W. TRAUGATT.(ll-4t)and Rockerscash. Let us showhow much we canOpp Ut Caurt HauteISfctv- mt5v ceach to the Red Cross to get on the' - ..-, v-liftFAN,!!, 'V""'' FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1918.w-rir:5jtttTjrmm.rf-''-V y ffjwifftn'iiiTHE MAKING OFA FAMOUSMEDICINEHow Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundIs Prepared ForWomansUse., A visit to the laboratory where thissuccessful remedy is made impresseaeven the casual looker-on with the reliability, accuracy, skill and cleanlinesswhich attends the making of this greatmedicine for woman's ills.Over 350,000 pounds of various herbsare used anually and all have to begathered at the season of the year whentheir natural juices and medicinal substances are at their best.The most successful solvents are usedto extract the medicinal properties fromthese herbs.Every utensil and tank that comes incontact with the medicine is sterilizedand as a final precaution in cleanlinessthe medicine is pasteurized and sealedin sterile bottles.It is the wonderful combination ofroots and herbs, together with theskill and care used in its preparationwhich has made this famous medicineso successful in the treatment offemale ills.The letters from women who havebeen restored to health by the use ofLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which we are continually publishing attest to its virtue.STAtE'HEEDDl'lLaT XtJSEUM.ENTIRE FAMILY MEET DEATHON RAILROAD CROSSING.At Stanford Monday afternoon, sixpersons, including four small children,were killed outright, and a fifth childwas seriously, probably fatally, injured, when an automobile in whichthey were riding was struck by trainNo. 2, the C, N. O. & T. P.'s fastpassenger between Jacksonville, Fla.,and Cincinnati.The dead are:Georsre Hunn. his wife and foursons, George, Randolph and AmbroseHunn, and their infant son, who werefrom 2 to 10 years old.They were killed instantly, whileCoulter White, 3-year-old nephew ofMrs. Hunn, was so badly hurt that heprobably will not recover.The boy, who alone in the party ofseven escaped death, was rushed toa hospital in Danville.George Hunn was a conspicuousbusiness man of Moreland, Ky., wherehe had been in business for manyyears. He was senior member of thefirm of Hunn & Coffey.Hunn and his family had starterfor Danville to visit friends, andwere less than a mile from homewhen the sextuple tragedy occurred.The train Tvas northbound, sevenmiles from Danville, and hit the automobile at Milledgeville crossing.From the crossing it is almost impossible to see an approaching train,and it is supposed neither Hunn norany member of the family saw or4 heard it.The auto was struck squarely asit was about half way across thetracks. Its seven passengers werehurled some distance away and themachine shattered.Engineer Edward Bradley, wholives in Danville, brought his trainto a stop, and he and members ofthe train crew and passengers gathered the six bodies together andplaced them in the baggage car,while a Cincinnati woman, who refused to give her name, took littleCoulter White in her arms and mothered the mangled baby during theshort ride to Danville.The bodies of the mother, fatherand four children were turned overto a Danville undertaker to be prepared for burial, and the White childwas removed to a hospital.When this cruel, war is over, weshall again have the leisure to cherish our traditions and to promote institutions for advancing culture andart.Kentucky was one" of the first artcenters West of the Alleghanies.Chaumiere, the palatial residence ofColonel Mead, the first country estateof wealth and dignity in the territory-now comprising the State of Kentucky, contained an art gallery.Marion Harland tells us that thoughsmall, it contained two portraits bySir Joshua Reynolds.Before Cincinnati was anart center, John. Grimes, Mathew Jouett andChester Harding were painting portraits in Lexington, in Paris, at Nich-olasville, that to-day are worth thousands of dollars. Subsequently General Price and Oliver Frazier didwork that helped to make standardsfor the present day Kentuckians.Later artists whose napes are knownthroughout the union appeared uponour horizon to be eclipsed by FrankDuveneck, of Covington, Ky., who iscolled by Joseph Pennell, the masterof living American painters.Joel T. Hart, the pioneer sculptorin realism, lived in Lexington anddreamed his dreams that were laterso skillfully embodied in marbel aslo live long years after he and hiscontemporaries has passed.However, it is -not d'hly the workof Kentucky's own sons that weshould collect and protect for cominggenerations, but it is these and otherpieces of real artistic worth that arescattered over the State, some ofwhich are in remote places where thepublic never sees them, some ofwhich, are almost unkown, some ofwhich are being sold out of the State.Some of these are not appreciated bytheir present owners.There are portraits by " ChesterHarding, by General Price, by Sully,by John Grimes, by Mathew Jouettand by Benjamin West in Lexington.There are paintings in the State doneby Reubens, Van Dyke, Van Eyke,Eastman Johnson, Gilbert Stuartand by John Trumbell. There arethree great pieces of Joel T. Hart'swork privately owned in Kentucky.These are all in remote places seldomseen by any one. Many of thesepieces are valued ad would be donated to a collection if we had a collection properly and safely housed.Recently a Jouett portrait was soldout of Kentucky for a price requiring five figure for the writing. Iknow of one portrait by Jouett instorage, and one by General rrice ina house that is closed the greaterpart of the year. One picture by thegreatest of these painters is hung ina bedroom on the second floor.Colonel Durrett's library containing the best collection of Kentuckyhistory was bought by the University of Chicago for thirty thousanddollars. Should we let our art treasures go in the same way? Shall wesit by and see them go or shall wepreserve them for Kentucky's ownchildren and for the thousands ofyouths who come to us as studentseach year?Let us keep this need in mind, mature plans for the accomplishment ofthis desire. Let us, when the war isended, provide a suitable house orprotection for loans that many loyalKentuckians would gladly make.(From an address by Miss CarolineBerry before the Kentucky Federation of Woman's Clubs.)15 ia feFRANKFORT PAPER ENTHUSESSOCIAL AlfllJPERSONAL.Comings and Golnjps of OurPeople Here; There andElsewhere.OVER COOP & LENT CIRCUS.Give our boys in the Army andNavy every fighting" chance. Pledgeyourself to save to the utmost ofyour ability and to buy War SavingsStamps.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Me atsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and fiies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.The Coop & Lent Circus, which appears here next Tuesday, gave a performance in Frankfort, Monday. TheFrankfort State Journal, in a veryenthusiastic lengthy notice of theperformance, said in part:"Circus day in Frankfort is alwaysa big day, but yesterday was the biggest circus day in this city for a longtime. The people were circus hungry, and at both the afternoon andnight performances of the Coop &Lent big shows there were greatcrowds. The most satisfactory feature about the entire show is thatpvprvt.hine advertised was staged,and nothing advertised could; havev.ppti stsiered better. It is a safe bet,that not one person went to eitherperformance who was not satisfied,although the cost was more likelythan had been anticipated."A ten cent war tax was chargedfor the admission to the big show.A ten cent war tax. was charged alsofor a reserve seat, so that to the circus patrons who had to put up thetwenty cents extra, and not beingused to it, at the moment there wasa feeling that the cost for the showwas too much. When the performance had been completed, howeverAm.vvmfiir fp.lt. satisfied, feeling thatthey had more than received theirmoney's worth."Mr. Ralph Ballard continuesvery ill at his home in this city.Mrs. Margaret Burnett is a guestof Mrs. Lizzie Hughes, in Cynthiana.Misses Lina and Maude Crowehave returned from a visit to friendsat High Bridge, Ky.Misses Hattie and Lelia Clark,of Paris, are visiting at the home ofMr. G. F. Hall, in Bushnell, Illinois.Miss Josie Mahan, of Cincinnati,is a guest of friends and relatives inthis city.Dr. L. Oberdorfer was a recentguest of his sister, Mrs. FrankPitts, in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Goreyhave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in. Cincinnati.Mr. Edward Woods has returnedto his duties at Hazard, Ky., after avisit to relatives in this city.Miss Delia Connell has returnedto her home in Carlisle after a visitto Miss Mae Shannon, in East Paris.Mr. J. C. Lilenthal has returnedto his home in Chicago after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price andfamily.Mrs. Julia Houston and Mrs.George Batterton have returned froma visit to friends and relatives inLouisville.Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle hasarrived from Louisville for a visit tofriends and relatives in Paris andMillersburg.Mrs. W. J. Sparks, of Mt, Vernon; Ky., is a guest of her brother,Dr. J. M. Williams, and Mrs. Williams, in Paris.Mrs. Charles A. McMillan, whohas- been seriously ill at the home ofMr. and Mrs. J. Frank Clay, nearParis, is improving.Mrs. M. R. Jacoby, Mrs. Rice andMiss Emma Jacoby, of Hutchison,were guests Saturday of Mr. H. ClayWhaley and family.Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Keith havereturned to their home in Maysville,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Chas.P. Mann, in this city.Misses Mary and BernadotteBrannon, who have been guests ofMrs. John McCarthy, have returnedto their home in Lexington.Mrs. F. S. Elder is improvingslowly at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where she recentlyunderwent a surgical operation.Mr. Frank Farmer has arrivedfrom Oakdale, Tenn., for a visit tohis family, who are guests at thehome of Mrs. Farmer's parents, Mr.and Mrs. James W. Earlywine.Mrs. Lou Rogers, of Newtown,Scott county, is spending the weekin Paris as a guest of- her daughters, Mrs. R. F. Clendenin and Mrs.Maggie Rogers McClintock.Miss Edith Stivers has returnedfro,m Newport, where she has been amember of th4 Newport High Schoolfaculty, to spend the vacation monthswith her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. H.Stivers, on Cypress street.Miss Lucy B. Simms, of Paris,was chaperone Tuesday at a partygivenat the Lexington County Club,by her niece, Miss Elizabeth Simms,of Woodford county, in honor of MissMason Crittenden, of Kansas City.Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill returned from Dayton, Ohiowhere shehas been conducting a class in stong-raphy. Miss O'Neill and her sister,Miss Clara Belle O'Neill will leavethis week for a visit to their brother,Mr. Wm. O'Neill, in Philadelphia."Mrs. Josephine McClintock, ofEl Paso, Texas, and Mrs. Anne Millspaugh, of Decatur, Illinois, who havebeen the guests of their cousins, theMisses Whaley, on Cypress street,left this week for Mt. Sterling, wherethey will visit Mr. and Mrs. HoffmanWood.The following Bourbon countyschool teachers have gone to Richmond to take the summer course ofstudy in the State Normal School atthat place: Misses Mildred Bruce,Jane Leach, Josephine Shawhan, Eugenia Fishback, Mary Etta Bell, Virginia Bell, Florence Mastin and Maebl Galloway.Mr. Turney Clay, who has beenseriously ill at Purdue University, atLafayette, Ind., was brought to hishome near Paris, a few days ago. Mr.Clay was accompanied by his father,Mr. J. Frank Clay, who had beenwith hipn several days. Young Clay,who has been suffering with an attack of appendicitis may have to submit to an operation.(Other Personals on Page 5.)E3 fe leaDISTINGUISHED GENTS TO WIT-JV4& (- Br-fl&HB9BBiHclM laaaaaaaaaaatronH9VM flk. -fftfir?iiiriiEach).JjtTGiieComplexionBeauty .Ai7TkMfLtftMarinello rWhiteningCreamkeeps your skinyouthfullyhealthy andgives your complexion the attractiveness ofgirlhood.i nere are manyiltft Preprdtiony-for some cnpn'fi noa ttfected to a stage that assures quickpositive results. ..M. A. PAT0NIMILLIONS TO BE SPENT IN KAILROAD IMPROVEMENT.WASHINGTON, D. C, June 20In the process of rehabiliting the railroad system of the country, DirectorGeneral McAdoo plans to spend millions in betterments in Kentucky.The largest item is for the doubletracking of the Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railroad fromLexington to St. John's Junction, forwhich $2,300,000 is allotted.Other allotments for improvementon this road follow: Additional maintrack from King's Mountains toScience Hill, $300,000; main trackfrom Moreland to South Fork,$250,000; main track from Helenwood to Ribbins, $210,000; maintrack from Huffman to Lansing,$90,000; new terminal at Danville,$900,000.The following allotments are madefor improvements on the Chesapeakeand Ohio in Ktntucky; Frieght transfer shed at Russell, $65,000; outbound freight station at Ashland,$44,000; renewal of two bridges, Lexington district, $43,000; undergradecrossing at Louisa street, Catlettsburg, $63,000; overhead at Dayton,Ky., $24,000; third track, from BigSandy Junction to Russell, Ky.,$470,000; additional tracks in yardsNo. 1 and 2 at Silver Grove, $75,000;new westbound classification yard atRussell, Ky., $636,700; new passenger station at Maysville, $12,1&5.Y. M. C. A, building at Lexington,$4,162 ; paving at freight station, Lexington, $8,135; coaling station atShelby, Ky., $52,000; water station at.Russell, $78,419; water station atSilver Grove, $81,000.Other Kentucky allotments are$177,400 for mechanical facilities atFulton and $168,000 for mechanicalfacilities at (Puducah, both on theIllinois Central.The budget also includes $77,600for additional Baltimore and Ohiomain track in Cincinnati, $90,000 foradditional main track between Flushing-andHolloway and $100,000 foradditional main track between Hillsand O'Bannon.Are you grateful that 2,000,000 ofour boys, enlisted in our Army andNavy, ""are giving us security athome? If you are, turn your gratitude into War Savings Stamps.If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. Weagents for the Laurel FurnaceNone better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSVCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAY?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paints.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Painthave sold it:here for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment. 'We do your painting right.'2, .u.i -j .. vw -.I!Wall Paperand PaperHanging.cA. DAUGHERTYFifth andMain!StreetsVfc;Send That Next Job of Printing to TiterBourbon News. Best Work; Right Price.NESS THE LATONIA DERBYMflRGOLEN'SDON'T SHOOT PIGEONS: MAY BEARMY MESSENGERS.The U. S. Department of Agriculture urges hunters not to shoot pigeons in air, for they may be homingpigeons being trained m (many Motions by the Signal Corps of theUnited States Army to carry messages across battlefields. Farmersand other breeders who allow theirbirds a few hours of liberty each dayalso are liable to loss from shooting.3 1 pawhpn one of our soldier or sailorboys makes the supreme sacrifice wesay he died doing his duty. When oneof us over here buys an .interestbearing Government security wewant to be called a patriot Let sTmy War Savings Stamps to help ourcountry and be glorified.Governor Stanley and staff will beguests of Manager John Hackmeister,at Latonia, for the running of theLatonia Derby on 'Saturday. In theparty will be Governor A. O. Stanley,of Kentucky; Governor Jas. B. Cox,of Ohio; Mayor John Galvin, of Cincinnati; Adjutant-General Tandy Ellis; W. J. Baird and Charles B. Morton, of Louisville; C. H. Ryan, ofRussellville; C. A. Bell, of Bedford;Murray Brown, of Birmingham, Ala.;Col. R. C. Oldham, Clyde Gaines, ofWinchester, and L. G. Neely, of St.Mary's Ohio.The party will be guests of ColonelsOldham and Gaines for a luncheon atthe Hotel Gibson, Saturday, at noon,after which they will be entertainedfor the races at the Club House atthe Latonia Jockey Club.CASTOR OIL AND TYPEWRITERRIBBONS MAY BOW TO WAR.- -' t0 Q3W 9BHBdfTj '. mHYVBaflaalaaaaalS?' L "2r RaaHJaaVSfcsaaPa B"S1 Ur f HXbK4 jBJEKrV mrUSB W$' . Im m -Hw- - rzj55&i83.'What Is Your Baby Worth to You?. T.pnd.vour money as freely as ourCastor oil and typewriter ribbonsare due to go out of business-prettysoon, in me opinion of t. J. ivueitler, who spoke before the WesternEfficiency Society in the AuditoriumHotel, in Chicago. He said both, oiland the ribbon (material for typewriter ribbons are needed in airplanemanufacture, wherefore they maysoon be unobtainable. He said thesubstitutes have become as expensiveas the original materials in .manyThat baby of your he's the very center of theworld to you. When he laughs you laugh, when hesuffers you suffer. His future to you that is themost important problem of life.His future the conditions under which ht Is tlire depend upon the outeont of this war. Hisfuture the education that is to fit him for theworJLA aaay" depend upon the size of the fainlljr"meat egg" when ht grows up.Protect the future of that baby of yours-prftect him from future wars, provide for his education. Join the millions of other America fataenand mothers? Invest for that baby of yours eJuno 26thNational War Saviaf s Day.Ivery S4.17 invested now la W. S. S. will payyou or the baby j00 in January, 1923. B allyea caa for "that baby of yourm,NATIONAL WAR SAVINGS COMMITTEETkk pf Mrihnttd ! the Wkvtmg thm Wmr byAVE, M. WHEELER FURNITURE Ctf.fAM1 nr aSanitary Meat Market:lboys are giving -tnemseives.yiuuuuis. : C7g. " t-j;""Iti- -" w? if "k1R- " ' " MW i t i iV -j r t ', ?-, " i'- -w&uHafc "'" -v-1'ftTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAHS, XT.Mil Milj -i zndmt'iitKEEEPHATIONSBEIirGKABErOE DUey; T. M. C. A. Banners, H.013 S,.KASSMEETm;The'big War Savings Stamps cam-l-A. Power and-T. H;'Clay, Jr. . Police,mei oi .ronce urea xjiuk.Every patriotic and public-spiritedcitizen in the city and county is urg-iwtiga; which is being waged all over , uzen m tne city ana county is urgJJtbft United- states, will end on thft ed to participate in the. parade.i-"afternoon of June 28, with mass-meetings held at all points in thecojantisr. ' Tljese mass-meetings willJ be .inthe nature of a finale for the"big drive, when those cities tand(Counties which have not completedj their quotas will be expected to maket a supreme effort to come up to theline.The mass-meeting in this city. will be held at the court house at jtnreero ciock, at wmcn time it is'K hopedVthat every citizen of the cityand county will be present and takepart in the proceedings. A speakerof nojfce will be present to make theprincipal address of the afternoon.The program, which will be announced later on, will be one that cannotbut be. of interest to all who attend.Preceding the mass-meeting ajmonster parade will take place, theline o 'march being down Mainstreet to the court house. The parade will be divided into divisionscomposed of the various Red Crossand "V$fer Savings Stamps organiza' tions, .the city and county officials,(the fire and police departments,Hpme., Guard Girls, Red Cross nurses,etc Chairmen have been appointedI to see to the formation of each di-visionand to see that everyone whoso desires may participate in theparade in the division of theirchoice These chairmen have beendesignated as follows:Red 'Cross Nurses, Mrs. George W.Clay; .Home Guard Girls, Mrs. Edward-Spears;Fire Department, Ull-Iman Lancaster; City Officials, in automobiles, Mayor E. B. January;County Officials, in automobiles,County Judge Batterton; Ladies onHorseback, Mrs. James H. Thompson,Jr.; Liberty Loan Banners, WithersDavis; ' Red Cross Banners, Mrs. M.Every precinct in the county will berepresented, and it is the desire ofthe committees to have as large arepresentation as possible from allover the county.1 1E3 )QCOME AND TAKE A LOOK WECAN SUPPLY YOUR WANTS.Sumjmer time bargains in paint;oil for all kinds of machinery, etc.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.ft fe 1TO ATTEND FLAG SERVICE.A large delegation of members ofBourbon Lodge I. O. O. F., with theirfamilies, will go to Lexington, onSunday, June. 23, to attend the patriotic program and flag service tobe given at the Odd Fellows' Homeby the children at three o'clock thatafternoon. A special invitation wasextended to Bourbon Lodge in recognition of the mativ pnnrtpsips shnwnthe children of the Home by thelocal lodge.TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONThe examination of white teachersfor county and State certificates willbe held in the office of County SchoolSuperintendent J. B. Caywood, in thecourt house this morning.Superintendent Caywood has received checks for payment of thebalance of the last seven months salaries for teachers, also to pay thosewho took the school census. Those toAvhom this is due can obtain same bycalling at the office.THE MARCHMONT OIL COMPANYORGANIZED BY ARIS MENWhat promises to be one of themost successful oil companies" operating in the Kentucky oil fields was organized in this city Tuesday, June18, it- being named The MarchmontOil Company. The officers of the con-Jcern are as follows: William Shire,'the well-known jeweler, eing elected President; Withers Davis, the popular young clothing merchant, beingelected Vice-President, and FayetteArdery, of the firm of Ardery Bros.,being Secretary-Treasurer. The directors elected are as follows: WilliamShire, Charlton Clay, Withers Davis,James H. French, and Fayette Ardery.Robert C. Talbott was chosen as general counsel.This company has several hundredacres of good looking territory scattered throughout the oil producingterritory and they will begin operations in the immediate future. Theyhave one particularly valuable pieceof property in Estill and Lee counties, which has been e'xamined andapproved by two well known geolog-j ists. They have one lease of seventy-five acres on the well-knownLee-Estill structure in close proximity to the famous "Big and LittleSinking production, and they contemplate the commencement of drillingin that vicinity within the next fewdays.The Kentucky oil fields are fastcoming to the front as the very bestIT IS A LONG. LOH&WAY'TO W.K S, QUOTA.f-y '("Wjar Savings Stamps are being soldig this city and county every day,and those in charge of the campaignaVe achieving results thaj are to beexpected when one considers hownobly Bourbon has responded to everyphase of the war activities. It's along, long way, however, to that$390,000, and only by a steadyclimb froni now on can we get to apoint of vantage where we can seeoyer the top.,It is the earnest desire of Miss Elizabeth Steele, County Chairman andthe efficient corps of assistants, thatevery citizen of this city and countyshall be enrolled in the list of contributors to the War Savings campaign. Everyone should come forward and make the investment. Youwill not be giving your money, youwill be putting it where it will besafe and where it will remain safe,too.Few people in this county, indeed,now fail to realize that we are fighting fa relentless, brutal enemy. Theindictment against the Hun growsstronger every day. He is absolutelydevoid of pity or chivalry. This isthe kind of enemy our boys are fighting to-day and will be fighting forsome time, and this is why all of usmust get down and put every bit ofout strength back of the Government.For one thing we must buy onlythose things nesessary to maintainourselves in the most efficient condition. That'will give the Government more labor and materials forwar purposes.FRANK&GO;LADIES' OUTFITTERS,.S-.SfLin the United States, it appealing And then with our savings we mustW. S.justice.S. will help buy liberty andPUBLIC SALEBusiness PropertyOn Wednesday, July 3, 1918,at 2 p. m., oh the premises, we will sell at public auction, for H. J. Grosche,iutj luiiuwiug uescnoea property:This property vrill J?e sold separately and then as a whole and theDest bid or bids accepted,S?' Two-story brick business house on the corner of Eighthi and High Streets; front room 27x16 feet, and two back rooms.I Nb. 2. Two-story brick business house on High Street, 21x52 feet.I These iouses have concrete floors and are absolutely rat proof.Nqs. 3 and 4. Two lots facing 22 feet an Eighth Street extending't back 0 feet. On one of these lots is a spiall brick house, formerly usedi as a restaurant and readily rents for $10 per month.This nrrmertv is ndmfraKlv innao3 r. nit trinjn ..- .nBO nf0 k;;:z :l: r :v.a" i"uuo ut uuamess. -nemgparticularly to old-line oil men because of the small cost of operatingthe Kentucky wells, ranging in. depthfrom three hundred to fifteen hundred feet, whereas the wells in thePennsylvania, West Virginia, Kansas,Oklahoma and Texas fields range indepth all the way to three thousandfive hundred feet. Kentucky isawakening to her great opportunityas an oil producing state and theOil City Derrick, the greatest oil1 paper published,' puts Kentucky atthe hed 2l the list for oil investments. ,Winchester and Lexington are sofar the oil centers of this State, butof late quite a number of Bourboncounty people are getting -interestedin the oil gapne, and all indicationspoint to a marked success for theirefforts. Paris is very near the oilfields, and we know of no reason whywe should not within the near future be also known as an oil center.We have as good business establishments here as there is in the State,and no banks anywhere are more sub-1 stantial &nd successful than, burs.buy War Savings Stamps. That willgive the Government current fundswith which to use labor and imaterialsin the successful prosecution of thewar. We must do as 'President Wilson asks us to do in his messagepledge ourselves on or before June28 to save constantly and to buyGovernment securities regularly. Weshall then be doing our part.JUST ARRIVEDjiA NEW LINE OFBATHING SUITSCaps and Shoesone of the best cash business stands in Paris.The vacant lots are especially .desirable, as site for business houses,being centrally located.. , - . j. . .TERMS One-third cash, balance 'in bhe and two years. Deferredi.ajuicu ucauug interest at t ner elt. Tier nnnnm until noirtpaid.(21-4tVHARRIS & SPEAKES.te fe fciTHEBEST OE HOME-KILLEDEEESH MEATS.Veal, pork, beef and lamb for today and Saturday. All home-killedand Bourbon-raised stock. No bettermeat ever offered for sale.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET (It)For Sale!'4Two fine Saddle Horses,vilso Russian Wolfhound,'"keasan for selling owner leavingciAddress,1- P. O. BOX 477,C21-2t) Cincinnati, O.I WANTEDJwo furnished b r6om-g witKitchenette '6r Use of, kitchen; innice neighborhood, near in; gentleman and wife, no children.':j , J D. HEDRICK,(31-2t) Windsor Hotel.Hlp Wanted.i, - iGirl and boy wanted. Good wagesand nice work. Apply to "ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,(21-2t) Fifth Streeet.' NEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSE'JAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSFRANK & CO.The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right:WalshMid-SeasonClearance SaleOf High Grade Clothing, Hats, Odd Pants, Grips and Suit CasesNOW IN PROGRESSrt.Hart, Schaf f ner & Marx and Kirschbaum Clothing, H. Kuhn & Son'sClothing for Boys, Stetson, Knox and Chrfutt & Knapp HatsthesericshSbe fiShv e hasbeen.seleel from the above well known concerns, and offering such merchandise atcem reStaJ nriclf S?2 L """ PUbhC' ?his Sale is backed byourreputation as "an honest merchandising concern, uie regular prices are left on so you can see you are getting exactly as we represent.Read Over the Prices and See the Remarkable Values We Have to Offer1M$35.0030.0027.5025.0022.5020.0018.0015.0012.5010.008.50MEN'S SUITSCut toMail's Suits $30.00Men's Suits 25.00Men's Suits ......... 22.50Men's Suits ' 20!00Men's Suits 17J50Men's SuitsMen's SuitsMen's SuitsMen's SuitsMen's SuitsMen's Suits16.5014.5011.509.507.9868:aBOYS SUITS112.50 Boy's Suits10.00 Boy's SuitsCut to$9.457.95Everything Cash8.50 Boy's Suits e.957.50 Boy's Suits 5956.50 Boy's Suits 4955.00 Boy's Suits 3954.00 Boy's Suits 0953.50 Boy's Suits 0753.00 Boy's Suits 2 25BOY'S KNEE PANTS?2.50 Boy's PantsCut to$1.982.00 Boy's Pants 1 431.50 Boy's Pants i'ic1.00 Boy's Pants oBoy's Pants ' cq.75 Boy's Pants go.ou xjoy s rants.50 Boy's Pants.49.38$5.004.504.003.503.002.502.001.501.00MEtf'S EELT HATSHats iHats iHats r'Hats ...:.:..Iats fc. ;Hats iHats THats rHats r.:Cut to$3.953.75. 3.252."982.251.951.50. 1.15.89MEN'S ODDPANTS$6.00 Men's Pants'".' C5.00 Men's PantsVL4.00 Men's PantsCut to$4.753.952.95Nothing Charged3.50 , Men's Pants 2.753.00 Men's Pants 2.25SUIT CASES AND$10.00. 9.00- 8.508.007.50, 6.00. 5.003.5X)2.001.501.251.00SuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitSuitCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseCaseor Bag,or Bag ,or Bag,or Bag ,or Bag.or Bag.or Bag,or Bag,or Bag,or Bag.or Bagor Bag,BAGS.Cut to$8.487.486.986.485.984.983.982.981.41.151.00.89Nothing Sent on ApprovalR P W A I Q H 0NE PRICE storeI I I llnhy rl Main and 7th Ste., Parte, Ky.BBBBBBflBrjafi' M jl'TBBlSv & vtinfaBBBHBVjBBfVVVHtrBBBBV v9BBftBBtBBmBBaHPlaBWIBBr VbI VabbbbbbV I III 'ISflSBBvir f l BrjbVbbpHV9Vb4biTVNkl4vlV- "Sijhr-'ai, 't jjaamcavu-.- ..,, aasu. , ' , o Vs? 2. FRIDJLYrJUNB-lJ, 1918.;.THE BOURBON fljlfs, PAMt, JET;':l-', JVV'rxV? ;5 i ' - -. - v- yW- .,XX 1.. . fHlisiv.hiwi .11FOR THE BEST , . ;NOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobaccoand small train.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)BETTER THAN BUTTER OR LARDServ-Us Shortening is not lard andit is not butter, but for all cookingpurposes it is better than either 'andmore economical. " ' (It) 'HAIL INSURA NCE,Insure your tobaccoaftainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)A SOLEMN DUTY.' 'While the success of the War Savings campaign is a necessity as ameasure of war, it is just as important as a peace measure. The personwho invests in War Savings Stampsdoes not merely help win the war,but he exercises a creditable andprofitable foresight. If the presentWar Savings campaign should fail,it would greatly cheer the Kaiser andhis Potsdam crew. That is the unanswerable reason why it must succeed. That is why every loyal Kentuckian must enlist in the army ofsavers, ' iCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Priday, June 21. Pauline Frederick, in "La Tosca;" alsofifteenth episode of "The Eagle'sEye" "The Campaign Against Cotton." To-morrow, Saturday, June 22Gladys Brockwell, in "For Liberty;"also a Fox Comedy, "A DomesticHound."Monday, June 24 MargueriteClark, in "Rich Man, Poor Man;"also Mack Sennett comedy, "SaucyMadeline."4 S FARMERS!'' Save the hogs by giving them ServUs Powdered Lye as a preventativepe"vinRt cholera. (It)is m 151ALWAYS CHEAPEST !'Best matches, 5c box; good Laundry Soap, 5c a bar; Brooms, 4-sewed,at 50c. Many other bargains atTHE BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(21-4t)fcS jsi T3COLORED DRAFTEE ABSENTWITHOUT LEAVE, ARRESTED -County Clerk Pearce Paton received a telegram yesterday from the military authorities at Camp ZacharyTaylor, stating that William Fields,colored, one of the Bourbon countydrafted men, was absent from Campwithout leave, and ordering his arrest. Clerk Paton turned the matter overto the authorities. A search was?made and Fields finally located. Hewas placed under arrest and takento the county jail. He will be heldfor the Camp Taylor authorities.SOAP AT0NE CENT PER CAKE.Housekeepers save all scraps ofgrease and make your soap at a costof only one cent per cake with Serv-,Us Powdered Lye. C1)FISH -TO-PAY.Fresh fish for to-day and to-morrow.Order early. We dress themfree of charge. Phone now.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. "MWPOLICE LAND FUGITIVEAfter several days enjoyment ofliberty, Thomas Kelly, white, who escaped from the city work yards, wasapprehended by Patrolman Lusk andreturned to the county jail.Kelly had been presented in PoliceCourt on a disorderly conduct charge,and was given a fine of $25 and sentenced to serve thirty days at hardlabor. Patrolman Lusk's quest forthe missing man ended when he located him at the Louisville & Seville pump station, and placed mmunder arrest on the added charge ofbeing a fugitive from justice. . '"RP.UATRQ TYVR TVTOWERS KEPTREADY IN STOCK.Repairs for John Deere, Deeringand McCormick mowers.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance, ontobacco. Promptpayinsr companies ,YERKES&PEED. (je7-tf) --,POLICE TO APPEAR IN tJMERUNIFORMS. ." i1 - ,..- .The Paris police force wilVsoon appear in natty summer,. Uniforms,"which have been in the ,m&kijig forseveral weeks, and expected, heresoon. , tThe uniforms will be of the regulation metropolitan blue serge,tsummer weight, with police buttons,badge, and all the trimmings in correct and most approved patterns.Their winter caps will be replacedby summer caps of white duck, ofthe same pattern, with cord, bandand the city's coat of arms. Thewhole outfit will be a fitting decoration for our "finest" &nd in accord"with the season. A'SOCIAL Alft PERSpNAL.Comimgs and txoings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Eleanor Lytle is a guest ofher aunt, Mrs. Brooks Dodson, andMr. Dodson, in Frankfort.Mrs. I. D. Thompson, who hasbeen quite ill at her hopie on Duncanavenue is slowly improving.Mr. William Westerfield left thisweek for Cedar Point, Ohio, wherehe has accepted a fine position.Mr. and Mrs. Edward T. Hintonwere in Cincinnati, Wednesday, ona combined pleasure and businesstrip.Mr. Louis Early wine came inyesterday from Chicago for a shortvisit to relatives and friends in thiscity.' Miss Louise Biddle, of Versailles,,who recently underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, is considerably improved. Mayor E. B. January was a visitor in Lexington yesterday, wherehe attended a meeting of the Boardof Directors of the Orphans' Home ofthe I. 0. 0. F.Mrs. Charles Pinnell, of Bourboncounty, who was operated on at theGood Samaritan Hospital', in Lexington some time ago, was able to return to her home this week. ,Miss Emma Louis Burley leftWednesday for a visit to friends atLatonia. From thrp eTio will cm rj Wyandotte, Mich,, to visit her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Burley.Miss Inez Rose, of near Jacksonville, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where she underwent a surgical operation Tuesday.Miss Rose was. reported yesterday asresting comfortably.. Prof. Charles Schultz, of Nicholasville, is spending a few days inParis as a guest of Mr. and Mrs. FredWeckesser. Prof. Schultz resided inParis for several years, and alwaysdelights in renewing acquaintancesof those days.Mr. Nat C. Rogers, who has beena guest of relatives in Paris and thecounty, has returned to the Confederate Home at Pewee Valley. He wasaccompanied by Miss Carolyn Roseberry, who will be a guest of herbrother, Mr. Hiram Roseberry, atCamp Zachary Taylor.Rev. J. J. Rice, nastor of theParis Presbyterian church, is in Nic- iolasville, wnere he will assist Rev. J.A. Trostle, pastor of the NicholasvillePresbyterian church, in conductingthe funeral services of Mr. J. D.Hughes, a prominent merchant ofthat city, at 10:30 o'clock to-day.The official opening of the Olympian Springs season will take placeto-day. The opening ball will begiven in the Springs Hotel ballroomto-night. A large number of Bourbon county 'people will attend the.onenins: ball, which is always a de-,lightful social event.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, daughter of Mrs. May Sterner Clay, of thiscity, has been assigned by the National Service School to work in Kentucky in the interest of that branchof their work. Miss Clay is makinga tour of the State in the interest ofthe work, and lectured in. Millersburgyesterday morning, in Carlisle in theafternoon, and will be in Georgetownto-day and Louisville later on. Hersubject is "The National ServiceGirl." THE NEWS, through mistaken information, published in a former issue that Miss Clay had gone toLake Chautauqua to take up publicity work along Chautauqua lines.(Other Personals on Page 3.)fa l tsNEWS CANNOT PUBLISH UN-SIGNED .COMMUNICATIONSIt is an inviolable rule in allnewspaper offices that communications for publication must bear thename of the writer, or that the identity of the writer must be known,where the communication bears nosignature. This has been an established rule for years.A communication was left at thisoffice a few days ago by a younglady who said it had been handed herby a "lady up street," with a request to leave it at THE NEW office.The communication was signed, "AMother Who Would Like To Know"and dealt with an occurrence transpiring in this city recently, whichreached the courts.If the author of this communicationwill establish her identity, not forpublication, but to assure us of hergood faith, we will gladly publish thearticle. Otherwise it will have to belaid aside. It's a hard matter tomake the public understand that apaper will not publish anonymouscommunications, or at least thosewhose authors are unknown.BOATINGND SWIMMING PARTIES ON STONER.Boating and swimming parties canbe accommodated with launch andboats by calling Cumberland phone474 or Home phone 254. Quick service and attention. Stoner Creek aslovely now. Make up your partiesand make your arrangements fortransportation. (21-lt)B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsmm mW S. S. MASS-MEETING AT CLINT0NVILLE TO-NIGHT.Citizens of the' Clintonville precinct will hold a mass-meeting inthe Clintonville school house tonight in the interest of the WarSavings Stamps campaign in .that vicinity. The meeting will be held under the auspices of the W. SS.workers of that precinct.m m mREAL ESTATE DEALS.Mrs. Edward Caldwell sold to Mr.Thomas H. Gleason, of the Louisville& Nashville, recently a one-storyframe cottage on Nineteenth street,for $1,450. The cottage adjoins thehome at present -occupied iy .MivGleason.PARIS MERCHANTS MAKE PEAp:TlCAI TEST OF ADVERTISINGIn order to determine the real valueof any certain paper as an advertising medium, two Paris merchantshave recently made an experimentfrom the results of which they arenow convinced that "it pays to advertise." Furthermore, they are convinced that they have made a wiseselection of their advertising medium,namely, THE BOURBON NEWS.The .first case in point is that ofMr. Harry Simon, who recently inaugurated a closing-out sale of thestock in his Paris house. Besides animmense number of full page circulars, Mr. Simon "carried" a full pageadvertisement in several issues ofTHE NEWS preceding the opening ofthe sale. On the opening day andfor several days thereafter Mr. Simon had the clerks ask customershow they learned of the sale and thebargains. The response as tabulatedshowed that the majority of themread the advertisement in THENEWS, and hundreds of thembrought a copy of the paper to thestore with them. "The business I didas the result of the advertising inTHE NEWS," said Mr. Simon, "exceeded my expectations, and convinced me that the advertising the salehad received was judiciously placed,well-executed, and THE NEWS wasentitled to a-full share of credit forthe full volume of business broughtto the stdre."The second case was that of Mr.R. P. Walsh, the clothier, who puton a sale. Mr. Walsh's ideas, happily, coincided with those of Mr. Simon, and THE NEWS co-operated inbringing to the Walsh house a largevolume of business, which far outstripped what Mr. Walsh had expected under the circumstances. Mr.Wajsh stated that he had laid plansfor advertising which included theuse of THE NEWS more than a circular campaign, and that he was astonished at the' result. 'All of which is respectfully andmodestly submitted. The moral is,of course, "Advertise in THE BOURBON NEWS."The FairLowest prices make it worth whileto stop here.FOR SATURDAY ONLY.All sizes of Boys' Cloth Hats, Men'sand Boys' Caps, House Slippers,Baby Caps, beautifully embroidered,Men's Ties, all colors lour cnoice10 cents.See these Sanitary aprons. Sanitary Belts, Rubber Pants, RubberBibs, French Wool Puffs, FileJ: Doilies Your choice, 8 cents.Bird Seed Spring Hinges, ChairSeats, all Bisk jointed Dolls, IceChisels, large size Picture Books, etc.,choice 10 cents.Mason Fruit Jars, in Pints, Quartsand One-half Gallon sizes. JellyMoulds with covers, 5 cents. WindowShades 48, 50 and 54 inches wide, ata bargain. Wall paper 3 cents arolLTHE FAIR.A VICTR0LACOMPLETES YOURCAMPING PACK -and can easily becarried in a Victrola Trunk safelywith needles andrecords.18407. My Sweetie (OneStep). Some Sunday Morning(Pox Trot). 85c.18437. Tickle Toe (Fox Trot) .Going Up (One-Step). 85c.35639. Forget-Me-Not( Waltz).Felicia (Waltz). $1,35.35660. Leave It To Jane (FoxTrot). Rambeler Roge (OneStep). $1.35.'?t jDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainKodaks Victrolas .Player Roll,immMMM1MMBMMMMMWMHaj Li- I 1 M BUVmmtS' lEl w Wm'-'' I r 'Store, Fixtures! jI S t o c k For Saleljl1 """ Hv if3 1 ... '"' K-- f$ jIS! B'; bi.2ii1iIIE arem M ., ,,, i M m, m , , m, - m - ,,m . ana ,.. m MnnBrniaTu - - - terM 9-4 9 BRi ' l mi I1 - - KiI HI ' 4: S'(WllaBBMBaSrations we have ever shown. TheseWall.Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,19!and wouldand inspectTHE J.9."9firB fClosing Out Sale of-Stock Now Going Oniand Going FASTISIMOMMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.A r KL-MVshowing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wallbe pleased to haveour offerings.T. HINTON. !. dS4i, "v PIS, "a.& ' rr , r k - , PL- - - mi. - r . - ' - v " r - Mi9I&wbvbHMrSVr?9bWrWVVrHrVVrTVHVr?HPHJHJNHM;mwimlftwBWKwmYmimmmmmwmmmmmie. , s : t , -' hi i - -"' " "" "" - i ii.n ifiBb yfti'fr-rLintrv.tt-IDecoyou callCO.MlW1 IW i. Of ::m !inBsH K ?m- xjx 'r llit &' -t titftIJM-JL-ysfici?jL laay'j.THE, BOUBONNWSk PAHS, KTa ?K ,vMiQt2iMWar Has Multiplied theValue of Good TiresNever were cars so necessary both inbusiness and domestic life.Never was their continuous and economical use so imperative.Never was freedom from tire troubleand tire expense so absolutely essential.The rapidly growing demand forUnited States Tires prove their war-timeworth.Thousands of motorists each week areturning to United States Tires to get dependability and economy.United States Tires last longest andcarry you farthest at least cost.They enable you to make the most ofyour car passenger or commercialnow, when it is more than ever a vitalwar-time necessity.There is a United States Tire for every' possible need.Our nearest Sales and Service Depotwill tell you which ones you should have.United States Tiresare Good TiresWe KNOW United States Tires are GOD tires. That's why we sell them.IRAPARKS & SON Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO. Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.BHUON DOLLAES REPORTED ONv INCOME PAYMENTS.WASHINGTON, June 18. Saturday was the biggest tax gathering day5n the nation's history. Millions,perhaps more than a billion, of income and excess profits assesmentsfrom which the Government raisesmost of its internal revenue, werepaid June 15 to collectors in the 64districts in such numbers that it willtake two weeks to tabulate them.Persons who failed to pay by midright June 15, as required by law,will receive this week notices of theirdelinquency, with demand that theypay before June 25 in order to avoidpenalties imposed after that datj.Most collectors, it is said, will waivethe delinquency if checks are receivednext Monday or Tuesday.Nearly four million separate payments had been made up to Saturday night, it is estimated. The payments will not be fully analyzed fora year.Offsetting the big payments in asmall degree was the payment Saturday of the second semi-annual interest allowance on the first libertyloan. This amounted to about$40,000,000. Reports indicated thatmany holders of the first bonds failedto clip the coupons and turn them infor payment. Thousands exchangedinterest coupons for war savingsstamps, thus reinvesting their bondearnings.fe fe feAUTO ACCIDENT CAUSES DEATHSOP PICNICKERS.Four members of a family picnicparty were killed Tuesday, whena Louisville & Nashville passengertrain, struck their auto which, hadgone dead on the track, a mile southof Bardstown.They were Mrs. Emma Sheltpn, herseven-year-old daughter and herthree-months-old daughter, and herson, John Henry Lee, 25 years old,the child of a former marriage.Miss Letitia Lee, her daughter,and the only other occupant of thecar, is at St. Mary's Hospital, dyingwith every bone in her body broken.The National Federation of Foundry Unions has been recently established in England, with a membership of 50,000.B -tBEST INVESTMENTEVER DEVELOPEDLOUISVILLE BROKER TELLS WHYTHRIFT STAMPS ARE NEAREST IDEAL. 'GIVE ALL CHANCE TO HELPThe Baby Bond Is Perfect Investmentand Brings the Economy of Allthe People Into Fight toFree the World.(By Harvey S. Williams, of Williams& Monroe.)Finance and investments have developed into as exact a science as anyother branch of human research, andthe doctors of finance, better knownas bankers and brokers, have searchedas diligently for the perfect form ofinvestments as other scientists havefor perfection in their various lines.Perfection in 'an investment means thecertainty of fixed income with no possibility of depreciation of the principal. Heretofore government bonds oithe leading nations of the world havecome the nearest to realizing thisideal, but since the world went to war,even these securities have shown senous depreciation in exchangeablevalue.Now, however, the United StatesGovernment has issued a securitywhich, as far as I can discover, doesactually meet the requirements of aperfect investment. It is none otherthan the humble War Savings Stamp,or Baby Bond, and, because theoriginal idea was to encourage wartime thrift and economy among thegreat wage-earning army of America,it has been generally overlooked bythe investment classes. The outstanding feature of this security is that itmay be redeemed at any time beforematurity at full face value and about3 per cent interest upon ten days'written notice, while if carried to maturity in 1923, the interest rate is 4per cent compounded quarterly, whichwill aggregate 4& per cent annually.on the investment for the entire period.The issue of War Savings Stamps islimited by law to $2,000,000,000, and inorder to give everyone a chance to secure a part of this "safest investmentever; devised," a limit of 51,000 foreach individual was set by the Goveminent, as tne total issue represents only about $18 lor each Individual in the country, the wonde is thatany effort should be necessary to sellthem, and when the investors of moderate means once realize the advantage of this form of security, therewill be a general demand for "thelimit."Above all question of selfish interest,however, stands the great fact thatWar Savings Stamps offer patrioticAmericans an opportunity to help winthe war by lending his money to UncleSam in amounts ranging from twenty-five cents up, and there is no doubtthat the bringing of the war to ourshores by the submarine campaignwill greatly stimulate the desire to doso.LOUISVILLE BANK GOES ONHONOR ROLLThe Liberty Insurance Bank, oiLouisville, has again shown its patriotism and progressive spirit by goingon the honor roll of the War SavingsStamp Limit-Society. This is done bythe subscription of every member ofits board of directors to ?1,000 in WarSavings Stamps, whioh is the limit individuals and corporations are allowedto purchase of Baby Bonds. The WarSavings Committee has every hopethat all banks in Louisville will soonbe on this honor roll.This step of the Liberty InsuranciBank serves to attract additional attention to its other and varied effortsto serve the Government in the present critical period. Th bank now operates a very complete department forWar Saving Stamps and ThriftStamps, and It is a very busy department. The bank has seven directors, everyone of whom has bought the limit oi11,000 of War Savings Stamps.JESSAMINE COUNTYHAS GOTTEN BUSYState headquarters has received thefollowing report from Jessaminecounty:"Chairman T. G. Wilds has beenbusy perfecting the county organization for the sale of War SavingsStamps. Already a goodly number ofstamps have been placed, and Jessamine county will again show her truecolors In aid of our Government andthere is every reason to believe herquota will be more than bought up.This is an opportunity for the peopleto save and the harf est of its good results will come on the maturity of thestamps in a little less than four andone-half years. Eve'ry $83.40 put inthe June stamps matures to $100; ev-'ery 834 matures to $1,000. Your sowin of the seed now means the reapingof the harvest then. Jessamine count's quota is $262,000, and we believethere is not a loyal citizen in thiscommunity who will ot help put itover tke top.intfcis drive."BUMPER CROPS PREDICTED FOR1 STATE AND NATIONBumper crops of wheat, oats, rye,barley, hay and less importantcrops are now in sight for both Kentucky and the United States as thefarmer's part in helping win the war.This has been accomplished by the,farmers in spite of shortage of labor,increased cost of raising the crops,and other hindrances.Reports on the acreage and condition of the corn, potato and tobaccocrops are not yet ready for publication, but are being prepared and willbe announced as quickly as reliableestimates can be secured.Apples, peaches, pears and berriesare the only crops on which full information is now available that donot show an increase in the cropprospects for this year compared tolast year and the average.Prospects for the United Statescrop of spring and winter wheat arenow 931,000,000 bushels as compared to 650,828,000 bushels producedin 1917, while the 1918 crop in Kentucky promises to be 13,800,000bushels, compared to 9,000,000bushels in 1917, and an average of9,434,000 bushels.The United States oats crop nowpromises to be 1,5000,000,000 bushelscompared to 1,587,286,000 bushelsin 1917, while Kentucky oats cropnow promises a total yield of 8,250,000 bushels, compared to 8,060,000bushels in 1917.Hay promises a good yield from anincreased acreage.Fruit in Kentucky suffered fromthe severe winter. Many peachtrees were partially or entirely killedby cold and raspberries and blackberries suffered similarly, though,not so seriously. Apples promise afair crop, pears from one third to onehalf crop. 'FROM COAST TO COASTA Remarkable Chain of Home Testi-mony. And Paris Adds ItsVoice to the Grand Chorusof Local Praise.From north to south, from east towest;In every city, every community;In every state in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And it is all for the benefit of fellow sufferers.In this grand chorus of local praiseParis is well represented.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experiences.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?- Wm..W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago, I foundit necessary to use a kidney remedyand as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. They proved to be satisfactory and permanently rid me of the complaint. I havegood reason to recommend Doan'sKidney Pills and advise their use toanyone troubled with a weak or lameback or irregular passages of the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)IN LETTERS TO SOLDIEfeS WRITEADDRESS IN FULL.FRIDAY, JVNS 21; ltlA,Jfo.i ,. , jl -fe. 4.U. t "&lfi"'9-Til-The British postal authorities havewarned the British public againstusing the abbreviation "A. E. F." onletters addressed to men in the American army owing to the likelihood ofsuch letters getting missent to theAustralian forces."The Postmaster General stronglyadvises the public when writingeither to Americans or Australians towrite the address in full," says an official warning placarded in all postoffices in Great Britain.$100 REWARD $100 'The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh beinggreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio, Sold by all druggists, 75c.(adv-june)CHILDREN UNDER FOURTEENCANNOT BE EMPLOYED.Children under the age of fourteenyears can not be given working certificates, but under a ruling of Assistant Attorney General D. O. Myattthey may be employed if they are notengaged in any of the various linesof work prohibited by Section 331 ofthe Kentucky Statutes. -This section forbids the employment of children under fourteen in"any factory; mill; "workshop, mercantile establishment, bakery, laundry, resaurant, hotel, -apartmenthouse, theatre, motion picture estab-1ASliiHAaK('(iK,aiHAK?(9ii'i91i'iABiAalAI1IIITjhe!Pendleton Shop133 EAST MAIN ST.. OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSBuy War SavingsStamps!Pershing's army is at the active battlefront. The seriousness of America's part in theworld war has been brought home to everybody.Are You Doing Your Part?We are contributing our advertising space to ask youto Ibuy War Savings and Thrift Stamps for our country'scause. Whoever you are, your middle name is George"Do it now!ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREETPARIS, KENTUCKYHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps ITelephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go,(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, WH. CANNON,Dwtnct Manager. XmI Xuuger.Now is the Timeto Figure on-YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us' Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.lishment or in. thev distribution oftransmission, of messages." According to the ruling of Assistant Attorney GeneralMyatt .children underfouteen may be employed legally inany occupation or in any establishment not included in the above qubt--edsection's inhibition.CABAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt nd Coarttoui AttentionPatrtM,HOTAND COID JXTMM ,iIXIK, 2 RK1:1IiS-.'t.'-'hfcj-.1liJ! .,- -uf FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARS, KT., WW' I.EverywhereYou can getyour bottle ofBEVERAThis is the drink that is goodfor everyone. Get your bottle today at any grocery,drug store, confectionery,soda fountain, restaurant orhotel.The Isaac Leisy Company' Cleveland, O.Esterman-Verkamp Co., Distributors, Cincinnati, O.Telephone, Main 1313." -xoit -iKTOxiejcrmo 7JM.IJUJJ-JTaNbrtSAAGLMtCfll'CVELAND.MSEDUCTION iOP MAXIMUM AGEAFFECTS SCHOOL CENSUSFRANKFORT, KY., June 20.--Thenew law reducing the maximumschool age from 20 to 18 years hascut down to a considerable extentthe number of pupils in the schooldistricts.Under the old law there must be60 pupils in a school district and indistricts where there are not this number the district must be consolidatedwith another district. Only in caseswhere it is impossible to consolidatedistricts can emergency districts bedeclared. Superintendent of PublicInstruction V. 0. Gilbert asked Attorney General Charles Morris for aconstruction of the law concerningthe establishment of emergency districts. The Attorney General heldtfcat no emergency d strict can be declared until every effort has beenmade to consolidate the district withanother. No emergency district canbe declared to exist which has lessthan 25 pupils.A number of cases have beenbrought to the attention of Superintendent Gilbert where districts having less than 60 pupils have been unable to consolidate with other districts. These districts are desirousof establishing emergency districtsand before any action was taken inthe matter, Superintendent Gilbertsubmitted the matter to AttorneyGeneral Morris.m w mSamuel Gompers says: "We canforego luxuries for a time, be contentwith the primary necessities of life,in order to save for the future ourheritage of freedom and the thingsof the spirit."OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in. any color desired."We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but higtL-grade material used. Call and let's get ac- jquainted Optometrically. We charge .for examination.MOTORIZING THE MODERN CIRCUS GIGANTIC TASK.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeHi KHMBMHMHBKj3w2"gwin jtjUpon the shoulders of Coop &Lent, assisted by brains and capitalof the circus world rests the greatestachievement of the present day, thatis, putting on auto trucks and trailers, what would take a railroad trainof 50 cars to transport from city tocity. Coop & Lent are the very firstand only large circus to actually accomplish this gigantic task. Old experienced showmen scoffed at theidea, but undaunted the progressiveand hustling heads of the Coop &Lent stuck to the post and haveshown the "wise men" that it can bedone.The Service Motor Truck Companyof Wabash, Indiana, accepted the contract and in just thirty days fromthe date of signing the agreement,ninety-six immense motor trucks,trailers and luxurious living carswere delivered to Coop & Lent at acost of half a million dollars. It isthe only traveling out-door amusement enterprise in America independent of railroad transportationand the only one in the world to startthe season of 1918 with a motorizedequipment.There are trucks for the elephants,beautiful sleeping cars for the performers, great trucks and trailers forthe immense tents and poles, andthese wonderful sights you can seeif you get up early enough on themorning of Tuesday, June 25, whenthe Coop & Lent three ring circusand menagerie makes its appearancein Paris.The money formerly expended inrailroading and hundreds of drafthorses has been Used in engagingfeature acts for the big show 'andto-day Coop & Lent can truthfullysay that they have more star actsand startling circus performers thanany similar amusement enterprise onearth. Among the stellar featuresDallie Julian, America's premierbareback rider stands supreme. AsMiss Julian dashes into the arena,her sylph-like form holds the audience spell-bound. All other acts arestopped, then the daring lady mountsher snow-white thoroughbred horse,and oh, such feats of daring another prancing horse is brought inand as a fitting climax to a wonderful performance Miss Julian turns acomplete somersault from one horseto the other while going at full speed.Irene Montgomery's military elephants performing new and originaltricks, the famous riding Dave-nports,the wizard of trick riders, RhodaRoyal's high school horses that doeverything but talk, Bronson's livingstatues, tine Tun Chin Chinesetroupe, ten in number, the Fondellitrio sensational acrobats, the Lindeman family, thrilling mid-air artists,and thirty-two furiously funnyclowns to keep you laughing are apart of the great Coop & Lent circus.p. A Hi'THE MARCH OF THE RED CROSSA beautiful Hn of QarUntft on 41fclay. Com In and lok thm mr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Imoorpbratad)Mr. HenryP. Davidson was inFrance at the time of the recentgreat German offensive, then later hetravelled through the war-strickenparts of Italy and everywhere hewent he saw the trail of sufferingand destruction left by war, soothedand lessened by the Red Cross.At one time he was awakened by aterrific explosion. Leaping to thewindow and looking out he saw theGerman bombs strike hi rapid succession a dwelling some 300 yards away,a butcher shop farther- down thestreet, and another house still farther away. Almost instantaneouslysome U. S. Ambulance workers appeared and began rescuing thewounded. For some ' minutes hewatched the work of rescue, uncertain whether to go back to bed ornot. Then, to his horror, flying lowalong the roofs, perfectly distinct inithe "moonlight, he saw a lone Germanplane returning to get the "rescueparty." Almost at the same instantindeed the raider threw his bombcausing a terrific, explosion in thehouse on the corner and knockingsenseless most of the relief party.It is the usual practice of the German raider to thus return he wastold .calmly by the ' workers 'themselves. That, too, was part .of ,thegame. The Red Cross. Magazine forI July. .; ' xANTI-SHIPPING LAW BECAMEJEFFECTJVE YESTERDAY.The anti-shipping law which forbids shipping of liquor from a "wet"city into "dry" territory, went intoeffect at one minute after midnightThursday. The law is one of themost drastic yet put into force, andpractically stops the "booze" business in the dry precincts. The prediction is made, though, that it may bedeclared unconstitutional by theCourt of Appeals. The following is afull text of the law:"Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky:"Section 1. That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons, individuals or corppration, public orprivate carrier, to bring into, transfer to other person, or persons, corporation, carrier or agent, deliver ordistribute, in the county, district, precinct, town or city, where the saleof intoxicating liquor has been prohibited, whether by special act of theGeneral Assembly or by vote of thepeople under the local option law, anyspirituous, vinous, malt or other intoxicating liquor, regardless of thename by which it may be called;and this act shall apply to all packages of such intoxicating liquorbought transferred or delivered insuch territory and each package shallconstitute a separate offense."Section 2. That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons,individual or corporation, in anycounty, district, precinct, town orcity where the sale of intoxicatingliquors has been prohibited, or maybe prohibited, whether by special actof the General Assembly, or by voteof the people under the local optionlaw, to receive or accept any spirituous, vinous, malt or intoxicatingliquor regardless of the name bywhich it may be called, from common carrier, or from any other person or nersons. individual or p.nmora-tion, who has transported such liquorin, or into, such territory for compensation, hire or profit of any kindwhatever, either directly or indirectly. Each and every package of saidintoxicating liquor so received or accepted in any such territory shallconstitute a separate offense."Section 3. The provisions of theforegoing shall not apply to the transportation of such liquors through suchterritory to a point of destination insome other state or to a point in thisstate where said liquor may be lawfully sold nor to the receipt or acceptance by a common carrier ofsuch liquor for transportation to apoint in another state or to a pointin this state where thp snip nf saidliquors is not prohibited by law, norto the receipt or acceptance by aregular licensed druggist who may beauthorized to sell linunrs Tmrsiinnt.to the provisions of Section 2558 ofKentucky Statutes, Carroll's Edition,lyio, nor shall they prevent thetransportation to a licensed druggistwno is engaged in the sale of drugs,or the acceptance by him, of alcbholto be used bv said druinst for -medicinal or scientific nurnoses : nor shall,lr oK?r? a A wiA t. -iin-j uiij wv uhc, nuu io iiuo a twiner lor hire, taking wine into suchterritory and delivering the same toan officer of a church to be used forsacramental purposes."Section 4. That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, while representing eitherthe buyer or the seller, to distribute,solicit or receive contracts, proposalsor orders for the purchase or sale ofany spirituous, vinous, malt or otherintoxicating liquors regardless of thename by which it may be called, orto distribute any handbills or postersadvertising the same in any county,district, precinct, town or city within this state where the sale of intoxicating liquors is prohibited, eitherby special act of the General Assembly or by vote of the people under thelocal option law. Each act of distributing, soliciting or receiving contracts, proposals or orders as denounced herein, and each day inwhich handbills or posters are distributed. Shall Constitute a serwirnt.tt nffense. Provided, the tiro visions ofthis section shall not apply to thesoliciting of contracts, proposals ororders from reerular licensed A-mitr.gists who are authorized to sell intoxicating liauors nnrsmmf fn Sop.Ition 2558 of Kentucky Statutes. jPro.-vmeu, xurtner, tnat n any section orpart of this bill should be held unconstitutional or invalid, it shall notaffect the remainder of said law andprovided further that nothing hereinshall be construed to prevent the distilling or manufacturing company ofsuch liquors or any of their authorized agents from making contracts ofbarrel or package lots, in any sudhterritory where their distilleries orwarehouses are located to be shippedinto territory where the sale of suchliquors may be lawful, either in orout of the state. s"Section 5. That any persor. firmor corporation violating any of theprovisions of this act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in any sumof not less than fiftv f ssn.nnt faiiaisnor more than one hundred ($100.00)aonars, ana imprisoned m the countyjail for not less than ten days normore than fifty days, x"Section 6 All laws and parts oflaws in conflict herewith are herebyrujieaieu. xrpviaea, however, the provisions of this act shall ho nnncniaAto repeal or modify Section 258 oruD-csections z, o, b and 7 of Section2569b, of Kentucky Statues in so faras tnorr falfit-t 4-. M-t.t.m l J it""-L--""u uruggists.Prbicssionaf Cards;WMir GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401402.FIRST NXT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 40X404.FIRST-NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 1St.tBSINGING-THEWAB HOMENow that Germany Vas extended herpolicy of frightfulness and broughther U-boat warfara to the coasts ofthis country, there should no longerbe any American unwilling or unprepared to do. his utmost to settle, oncefor all, this diabolical and fiendishpower.If Germany had deliberately soughtfor a method which would do moreto stir this country and bring it to itsseniles and to a resolmtion to gatherall its 'trenith, could have foundno better mnoi tnn to have sent hersubmarine to prey off of the ships ofour coast. Hie sinkio of Americanygfisels almott within tifht of ourccast line, by German submstfimtft Is,or ought to be, sufficient proof to anyAmerican that we are not sa& fromthe ravage of war even thotfgh weare removed 3,800niilef from the coifiict. The presence of German submarineoff our coast is a positive challenge1 toevery American. President Wtfs'proclamation calling for enlistments inthe War Savings army on or beforeJune 28th offers the opportunity for agood rousing American answer to thatGerman challenge. The National WarSavings committee wants to knowwhat kind of an answer the people ofKentucky are going to give to thiilatest German atrocity.ya XROBERTSON COUNTYALIVE AND STIRRINGThis is the way Chairman W. T.Kenton, of Robertson county, puts itin his campaign:We're with you, Mr. President;watch us! The campaign openedMonday, June 10th, and before itcloses every home in Robertson county will be canvassed.Acetylene Lighting.Acetylene lighting is expected tocome into general use throughout Denmark as the government has appointeda commission to pass upon lamps offered for sale and carbide is easily obtainable from Norway.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Twin Bros.Department StoreBig CashRaising SaleSkirts$5.50 values $3.98$7.50 values $5.98$10.00 values $7.50Dresses$12.00 values $8.95$14.00 values ... $ 1 0.95$18.00 values ... $ 1 4.75$22.50 values.' . $ 1 9;95, Hats! Values ud to $5.00&i nrt I-- &1 -;nr mrr m. mm-Suits nnrfl Coats$17.50 values ... $ 1 2.QO20.00 values. :$15.00.. $22.50 values ... $ 1 8.00Twin Bros.UtpurtnWnt Stony' rrv ' y "- "! -o v'.vim jiv. - - .SIVTCORMICKBINDERSBest in tbe Worldi- jPLENTY OFBINDERTWINESee Us For All Kinds of 'Farm Machineryand SuppliesC. S. BALL GARAfiiCor.1, Fourth and Pleasant St.GEO. W. DAVISrUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137,- NIGHT 293 'Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KiitThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetjsa. .dwfo'''.! Satisfaction is OirWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelDers we are Drenaredto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and" "sbifcSigarments cleaned by 'us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleas'ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new;, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a grea1rrving, must surely satisfy youjJ A phone brings u.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Pkoae 4fr ' , ' HRUWl 2i-J. 43r1fIy ')' 7-K34GI EIGHT.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.V B SFRIDAY, JUNB 31, ltlt.- fZtill 1 1 II 1 II I 1 T l,,,,,J " ' ' 'cr.Xs THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOV tMgHHHIHHkv tt4Jfc'-.--t'The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainnd SixthStreetsTTI XT" Day pParis Ky. - '&Day phone 36. . stHome 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourUmousine Invalid Coach.j? Hearse used for funeral purposes only.t H I II 1 1 tf t I 'I4 'H-H 'l-l'I -I H'l'l 1--H ! HI 1 1IH 1!4 04 4-9T .MILLERSBURG4"W STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped this week to the Easter marHfest a consignment of 300 choiceTtTtt. purchased mostly from Bour3ki county raisers.NOTICE!ftds Received Up UntilHood, July 5, 1918,. on BuildingSanitary SewersParis, Bourbon County,Kentucky.Mr. Edward Simms, of the Xa-j Miss Laura Jefferson' remains9aa Farm, shipped to Mr. Harry ' about the same.3QKver, of .Sewickley, Pa., this week! Mrs. Roy Endicott is spending ahandsome five-year-old bay saddle few weeks in Martinsville, Ind.Messrs. 0. M. Johnson and J. A.Cumber are serving on the jury atParis.Col and Mrs. C. M.Best leftMonday for a week's sojourn in Louisville. Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Louisville,w mmti a ijl ' --ww w. --.w M.Mvy .. vn M,rnv, YYina ana Lignimng Sandusky.fcMUrance. I Mrs. Kate Snodgrass and daughThomas, Woodford & Bryan. ' ter Mrs- Elizabeth Rule, of Paris,j are guests of Mrs. Belle Barton."-y imm , Misses Blanton Collier and AllieLong have returned to their homes inCynthiana after a visit to Miss MaryMcDaniel.-7 Misses Marguerite and Bush,Allen left Wednesday for a visit totheir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Ephraim Wood, at Stanford.Messrs. C. W. Corrington and D.P. Jones will return to-day, after abusiness trip to Cincinnati, wherethey have been since Tuesday.Mr. L. V. Vimont, of Newport,arrived Monday as the guest of hismother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and Miss Florence Vimont, andwill return to-day.Mrs. Sarah Young, accompaniedby her physician, Dr. W. G. Dailey,J will leave to-day for Cincinnati,where she will undergo an operationSaturday for cataract.Mrs'. Bayless DeBell, of Ewing,was the guest of her daughter, Mrs.R. M. Caldwell, Monday. She wasaccompanied home by her granddaughter. Miss Mary Alice Courtney,for a several week's visit.Miss Anna James McClintock,who has been in Chicago since theclose of her school at Hagarstown,Md., arrived home Tuesday for thesummer. She has been made GeneralSuperintendent of the Young Wo-in which she hasFriday, June 21stLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Pauline Frederick1 IN"La Tosca"A mighty picture with a mighty story,brought to the screen by an emotionalartist witiiuut a peer.Also the 15th Episode of"THE EAGLE'S EYE'9'The Campaign Against Cotton."Saturday, June 22ndWilliam Fox PresentsGladys BrockwelJINiiFOR LIBERTYJJTthe story of an American girl whofights for- freedom.Monday, June 24thMarguerite ClarkINAlso a Fox Comedy,"A Domestic Hound"'Rich Man, Poor Man'A typical picture that you will beglad to see.wZa u ;Also Mack Sennett Comedy"Saucy Madeline"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c war tax lc Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.DEATHS.FARMER.Mrs. Carrie Farmer, wife of Mr.James Farmer, of Shawhan, died ather home at that place at 12:45Monday morning after a year's illness of paralysis. The funeral washeld Wednesday (morning at theShawhan Presbyterian church, ofwhich she was a member. The services were conducted by Rev. SidneyJ. Venable. The burial took place inthe Jacksonville Cemetery.Mrs. Farmer was formerly a resident of .Cynthiana, but moved toShawhan about six years ago. Shewas a daughter of the late Rudolphand Mary Wilson, and was bornApril 20, 1870. She was marriedMarch 12, 1870. Mrs. Farmer is survived by her husband, Mr .JamesFarmer, her mother, Mrs. MaryWilson, erne daughter, Miss GiadysFarmer, and two brothers, Jack WiUson, of Paris, and Jajmes Wilson, ofShawhan.""Sealed proposals will be received at"SSie office of the Mayor of Paris, Bour' .S3wa County, Kentucky, up untill"x5ock, noo-n.JULY 5, 1918,"rfAr tfiA furnishinjr of irmtArioio men's School, in which-constructing a system of sewer of I taught for several yearsnHwuttwo miles of pipe ranging from l Messrs. Ashby Leer and E. M.finches to 15 inches in diameter, ! hoascn ave exchanged property,i wl1, wot,, ., 'Mr. Thomason giving up his home re-Staeat!ier wit manholes and neces- cently pUrchased from Mr. W. D. Mc7- mxr appurtenances. J intyre and vacated by Mr. Mclntyre'sAlternate bids will be received lor I sisters, lor the property of Mr. Leer,C -i$i3s improvement, viz: i recently purchased from the estate ofA SXBST For furnishing of all labor the late Miss Bettie F. Vimont, ands - amd materials to complete the work, j occupied by her for many years.SECOND For furnishing the neb- Mrs. M. E. Martin fell last Sat-sfigsary labor (hauling: all materials urday at her Tiome, breaking hert2rom the railroad siding to the site5aa the work), teaming, tools, etc" ' -"v'is' l-V.., I J. QilTirllTr Kir Vl ft. nTi-.roittn-n Tri making the necessary excavation, r w n tv.i- -a ?- "?;! i't'UtVJ M11U Akl iUOtlU MrO OVfiil3aying pipe, constructing manholes,4tCTHIRD For furnishingallright hip. She was taken to theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexing-"tfcerials, sewer pipe, iron pipe, cement, of this kindfortably as could be expected. Thisis the second time in the past fewma-! years she has met with an accident- rick, etc., F. O. B. cars, Paris, Bour--'fccnCounty, Ky.Mrs. M. C. Grimes' entertained anumber of her lady friends TuesdayvIcli bid must "be accompanied bv a ! evening from eight to eleven in'certified check payable to the City of i honor of Miss Louise Smedley Myall,'"SParis, Ky., for a sum of 5 of the T.his !OIi to bec?me the bride ofcsinwunt of the bid. Certified checksaccompanying rejected proposals willvA e returned.Jl any proposal be accepted the'--party or parties making the same. xha.ll execute the contract and fur-is"k the required bond, satisfactory'to tlxe City of Paris, within ten (10)Jtoys; after receiving notice. For fail-lire, fjo to do, the certified check whichcebfmp&nied the proposals will be'Jtrfelted to the City of Paris.JU1 bids shall be in accordance withnib plans and specifications for thew- -witkron file at the office of the Mayormt "Paris, Ky., and at the office of J.JL'Stewart, Civil Engineer, No. 1,113" 'Traction Building, Cincinnati, Ohio,ifrom whom copies of said plans and-opacifications may be obtained byquaking a deposit of $5.00 whichamount, will be refunded upon 're-owner failine to comnlv with this nr..ltpr.of same on or before the 15 day dinance may find himself or herselfJune, 1918.The City of Paris, Ky., reservesXb right to reject anjf part of a pro-I'or any and ity proposals.(Signed), r?rB.jJANUARY,Mayor.Lieut. George Richard Huffman,Cards were indulged in. Mrs. J. T.Jefferson entertained Wednesday afternoon with a miscellaneous showerin honor of .Miss Mall.NOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.Many property-owners in the cityhave responded to the call made bythe Board of Health to clean outcesspools, vaults, surface privies, etc.,and many are awaiting the scavenger, who want the work done, whileothers are making no effort in thatdirection.The only way to keep Hawkinshere is to keep him busy. Othercities are seeking his services. Seehim personally, or call him, Cumberland phone No. 515, and leave yourorder.There must be a .strict enforcementof this city ordinance. Any property-called to appear in Police Court.Please do not further trifle with theBoard. vAt H. KELLER,City Health Officer.' By order iof th Board of Health,Paris, Ky., June 3, 1918., (4-tf)n DICKINSON.The funeral of Mr. Guy Dickinson, who died in Louisville, Saturday morning after a protracted illness, was held Sunday afternoon athis former honie, Glasgow, the burialfollowing services held at the familyresidence.Mr. Dickinson was a member of theFirst Kentucky Regiment in theSpanish-American war. While inservice he contracted a severe cold,which eventually resulted in the illness which caused his death. Hewas a son of Mrs. Mary Dickinson,of Glasgow, and a brother of Mrs. W,E. Ellis, of Paris. Mrs. Dickinsonand Mrs. W. S. Porter, an aunt ofMr. Dickinson, were visiting at thehome of Mrs.- Ellis, in Paris, whenthey received word of the fatal termination of Mr. Dickinson's illness.They left at once, accompanied byMrs. Ellis, for Glasgow. Rev. Ellisleft after the morning service at theChristian church.?sb !i isaMATRIMONIAL.9A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. CharlesDearing and Miss Grace Blount,both of the county.1 !OS JTHE CHAUTAUQUA.K Although it will be several weeksyet before the big Chautauqua tentwill be erected in this city, interestis already being manifested in theapproaching event, which gives promise of being fully equal to its predecessors in every respect. The program which will be presented thisyear is one of the best' the WhiteMeyers System has yet put on theroad, according to the verdict rendered by the cities where it has already been presented.The Chautauqua means much tothis community. Presented this yearfor the benefit of the Red Cross, thecause should appeal to the people.The strength and quality of the programs are an uplift. They will affordopportunity for cultured entertainments that is not the usual privilegeof small cities. They give a chanceo breathe a different atmosphere.They give a new view of life. Theyare-all to the good. There is noquestion about the immense benefitof the Chautauqua and it should beliberally patronized by our people.Display advertisements that havebeen printed in THE NEWS havetold in an alluring way of the attractions that will be presented at thisseason's Chautauqua. Others willfollow , from time to time. Seasontickets will soon be 'on sale at placesthat will be designated later on, at$2.00 for the twelve sessions, or $1.00for those under twelve years of age.i jsi iaLEESBURG POSTMASTER MAYPOUND NOT GUILTYFrank May, former postmaster atLeesburg, Harrison, county, who wasarrested several weeks ago on evidence uncovered by Postal Inspector V. R. Beck, which chargedhim with falsifying his office records, was given a preliminary hearing before United States Commissioner S. .S. Yantisvand acquitted ofthe charge against him. """Attorney Edwin P. Morrow, ofSomerset, defended iJie accused. Inaddition to being iostmaster, Mr.May is a n)erchant a Leesburg.Since the report made by the postalinspector on his findings at Leesburg,the postoffice at th'at place' has olendiscontinued by orderof the postoffice department. Z.FOOD ADMINISTRATOR REGULATES SELLING OP SUGAR.Fred M. Sackett, Federal FoodAdministrator, has issued directionsto all persons selling sugar in theState of Kentucky that the following regulations become effective atonce.1 Retail sales of sugar for household purposes must be limited to two(2) pounds to city and town residents, and five (5) pounds to ruraland city residents.2 Retail sales of sugar for- canning and preserving must be limitedto twenty-five (25) pounds at onetime, and then only when accompanied by a signed certificate on theGovernment form pledging the customer to use that particular sugar forthe particular purpose of canningand preserving food.3 Customers are expected to limitthe use of sugar for household purposes to three (3) pounds per monthper person.4 Manufacturers using sugar canonly buy sugar through the Sugar Division ..of the Food Administration,701 Inter-Southern Building, Louisville, Kentucky, from which Department they must secure sugar certificates. This applies to operators ofsoda fountains, candy, syrup, softdrink, and ice cream makers as wellas every other article made in wholeor in part of sugar.5 In hotels, resaurants and allpublic eating places sugar must bekept covered and closely watched atall times to prevent waste. Notmore than two cubes of sugar to beserved to each person for a pot or cupof coffee or tea. Granulated orpowdered sugar to be served by counter man or waiter for berries, cerealsand fruits.The above regulations, some ofwhich have been in force for severalweeks were made public and forwarded to all parts of the State uponreceipt of urgent telegrams from Mr.Hoover at Washington, who" wiredthat developments in the sugar situation in the last few days made increased conservation in sugar imperatively necessary.Mm mRELIGIOUS.At the Y. M. C. A. Sunday afternoon at four o'clock, a meeting willbe held for men The Gospel Workers are expected to be in attendance,as it will be the fourth Sunday inthe month.The Endeavor, Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at seven o'clock Sunday evening. Subject, "How To HaveA Good Time." Leader, Miss EstherBoatright.The Methodist Episcopal Church,will soon begin a world-wide campaign to secure pledges for $80,000,000 for home and foreign missionswork. At a meeting of DistrictSuperintendents and other officials ofthe church, held in Columbus' Ohio,Wednesday, plans for the campaignwere outlined.Two more names have been addecl to the Honor Roll of the ParisChristian church, of men who are inthe army or navy service MillerCasey and Ernest Watson. Thereare now forty-eight young men inthe service of the United States,j who are members of the congregationoi Sunday chool of the church.CAN IT BE POSSIBLE?Some time ago uncertainty as tothe quality of water furnished patrons of the Paris Water Companyfurnished the topic of conversationor argument pro and con in manyplaces in Paris. The discussion waxedwarm and adherents of both sidesgrew warmer.The agitation finally led to attemps to have the water scientificallyanalysed. Three samples of the water taken from hydrants in differentlocalities were secured and sent byMayor E. B. January to the StateBoard of Health at Bowling Green,with a request that a thorough,comprehensive and accurate chemicalanaylsis be made and a report submitted. Wednesday the following reply was received by Mayor Januaryfrom Dr. Jas. M. McCormick, StateSanitary Inspector for the StateBoard of Health:"Bowling Green, Ky."June 18, 1918."Mayor E. B. January, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir We regret to informyou that all three samples of watersubmitted by you still show some evidence of pollution with colon bacillus or sewage bacteria from intestinal discharges.' "If we can be of further service toyou, please call upon us."Yours Truly,"J. M. McCORMICK,"State Sanitary Inspector."THE NEWS submits to the peopleof Paris that, though, the above report does not nesessarily imply ascare, they should boil all water usedfor drinking purposes, as a measureof precaution. Notice to that effectwas published some weeks ago byorder of the City Board of Health.StCREAT REDUCTIONSIN SUMMER FOOTWEAR!INCLUDING WHITE SHOES AND PUMPSof every description, in most beautiful styles. Your personal inspection of ourMen's, Women's and Children's FootwearWill Convince you of theGreat Bargains we offer.Buy your Summer Footwear now.r rT ivdI Vl v.lOVER&. EveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterLadies' most beautifulGray, Mahogany, Tan,Black and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other fa-mous makes, at bargain- pi IVC9aT' f " f IIIL- S7I?fr-(h,rIMN.UWILadies' Canvas Boots and Pump3 dj-i qqLadies' Mahogany Tan Colonette o iaPumps $0.13Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords do qqLadies' White and Grey Kid do jaPumps $JKJLadies White Canvas Pumps , dji jaMen's White Canvas OxJords j- qqMen's Tan and Black Shoes and - o jqOxfords, ' good makes . v ydJWMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and e aaOxfords, Walk-Over. $D.UUMen'sXrun Metal Button o jaand Lace Shoes ty&.WBoys' Gun Metal Lace and 4i aaButton Shoes .flMen's Tan Scouts io o aDANParis' Greatest Shoe Stor8COHENWhere Beauty and EconomyfReignM:Kr?s-s.