3. 'Visr-.1--i4UaK'v-r -NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1918aTHE BOtlFioNHjKStfFsr J"'" " a, -fv"1VSNOW. BAIN, SLEET. ICE, ZEROWEATHER VISIT PARIS. "The weather man rang up all thecombinations of weather he had instock Friday and sent the wholething down in this part of the country, until someone suggested thatthe owner of the North Pole hadlost that valuable piece of property, i-which will, be gladly returned toWhere it belongs.The heralded cold wave arrived onschedule time Friday -night, following a period of comparative warmth,when the temperature rose enoughto start a thaw. From five o'clockuntil midnight Friday was oneof the coldest periods everknownin this section.The mercury in thermometersdropped at 'the rate of one degressa minute, seemingly, and 'at midnight stood below zero. Those whowere compelled to be out experienced the greatest diffculty in returning to their homes or places of business, owing to the fierce icy galethat blew like all the fiends possessed. The rain which fell Friday wastransferred into a blizzard as nightcame on, and the resulting snowsoon enveloped the earth in an added blanket which was whipped intodrifts by the cutting wind.The storm was the severest experienced in this city and countyfor many years. The thermometersat the L. & N. round house and atH. M. Collins & Co., consideredamong the most reliable in the city,registered sixteen below zero onSaturday morning. This continuedall Saturday and Sunday, with aslight rise yesterday, followed byanother heavy snow. Reports fromthe county indicated a great deal ofsuffering among stock for which noadequate shelter had been provided.As a result of the heavy snow thecounty roads were almost impassable. Many of them were entirelyblocked and persons coming to Parison business were compelled to makea detour in many cases in order toreach the city over more favorablevnntps The rural route carriersmanaged to make their usual roundsT)ut in doing so, one of them, Mr.John "Spears, had four fingers on oneTiand frozen. Telephone and telegraph -service and service on theParis-Lexington interurban and theLouisville & Nashville train servicealso suffered interruption.Water pipes in many homes andbusiness houses were frozen by thesudden snap, and in some places the-pipes bursted, overflowing businessrooms underneath. The gas situation in the city, as usual during acold snap, presented a very seriousaspect, as did the question of coal.The gas pressure was rather weak,owing to the great drain made onthe suddIv nipes. Some coal was tobe had, but the supply on hand wastaken up as soon as it could beloaded. Three cars on the L. & N.tracks near the Third street freightstation were soon emptied Saturdayafternoon by eager customers, whocame with every conceivable kind ofvehicle.3ottoti1 tiprcmis had their eais jfrostbitten Friday and Saturday,the extreme cold nipping these members easily. One of the worst caseswas that -of Mr. Russell Clayton,clerk at the clothing store of Mitchell & Blakemore, who had both earsbadly frozen while coming to thestore from his home on South Mainstreet. Two Louisville and Nashvillefiremen, and one of the yardmen hadtheir feet frozen, and were sent totheir homes.The storm is reported as beingthe severest that has visited thissection in the past eighteen year3.The readings from the thermometersgiven above were accurate, and onlyapproached by the weather of February 13, 1899, when the mercurytumbled to twenty below zero. Thiscold snap has shattered all recordsfor January, the lowest being twelvebelow in 1895.Letters received in Paris byfriends and relatives of former Paris.people, who are spending the winter- in Pasadena, California, tell of the'"warm weather there, with peoplesitting on their front porches, invw&rni sunshine, and the Carnival ofRbses in progress. It's different inParis.Nearly bne hundred telephone..poles were, dragged down on theroads in the county. Snow and sleetcaking on- the wires, became toogreat a "burden. Both telephonecompanies had gangs of linemep atwork yesterday endeavoring to re-- store the interrupted service. Thestorm cut off communication withthe. city and county for a large umEXEMPTION BOARD ISSUESWARNING TO REGISTRANTSThe Bourbon County ExemptionBoard has issued a statement saying that a large number of questionnaires have been improperly filledout and that it-is of vital importance.that these be corrected and returnedat once. The time for making thesecorrections is limited and they mustbe given immediate attention.In addition a large ,number ofquestionnaires have not been returned. These names unless reportingshortly will be mailed to the officeof the Adjutant-General at Frank4fort, and they will be reported asdeserters, or if found, will be inducted immediately into the service. To those who have not received their questionnaires a warning is given that the Board is notresponsible for this and the menfailing to appear will "be held accountable by the law,Any persons knowing such shouldhave them appear immediately be-fore the Board, as this is positively jthe last chance the Board can legally give them to escape punishment as prescribed by the law.It Is probable that some of thesemen are already in the military service, and the local Board has noknowledge of it. In such a case theBoard will appreciate it if any relative or friend of these men will notify it, as it will help both the Boardand the registrant.The following is an additional listof the registrants whose questionaires have not been returned. Tkissupplements the lists previouslypublished. - vClarence M. Curran, Offutt Lewis,Joe Henry Johnson, Alfred Cummins, Arthur Thomas Johnson.Thomas Jefferson Avery, JamesMark, James Fieldb, Millard Dora,Ranen Strawther, Thomas Elder,Lee Arnett, Ross Lloyd Leach, Jasper Craycraft, Wm. Samuel Johnson, Morton Hatfield, Joseph Garnett, Luther McClain, Robert Mack,Jr., William Lemons, John Williams,Julius Berry.COST OF "RUNNING" JITY.-' What it costs to pay the runningexpenses of a city the size of Pari3is shown in the report of City ClerkJ. W; Hayden, which was submittedand received at the recent meetingof the City- Council. The expenditures, as itemized by Clerk Haydenwere as follows:Administration, $5,507.72; Streets,$7,058.67; Fire Department, $7,099.-64; Police, $5,371.78; Light, $8,12.61; Charity, $56.48; Bonds andInterest, $9,552.10; Miscellaneous,$27.50; Oil, $2,987.21; Insurance,500; Eruptive Hospital, $145.50;Hospital Bequest, Mrs. Horton, $9,875; Sewers, $417.92; Health andWelfare, $400; Tax Refund, $183.-88; City School, $21,370.10; Library, $1,297.71; Hospital, $1,709.60:School Bonds, $49,055.05. TotalExpenditures, $128,160.81.Es s ISLEIUT. GUS WELSH TO SEE FOREIGN SERYICE SOON.Word has been received here fromHattiesburg, Miss., that Lieut. GusWelsh, of the 138th Field Artillery,has been instructed to hold himself4n readiness for orders to leave forforeign service.Lieut. Welsh is from Lexington,and was formerly an officer in theSignal Corps. He was in commandof Company B, when it was stationed in Paris, and also -when it wa3called to Webster county during thejnoners strike there. Sergt. Newsum Keller and Private LawrenceHill, of Paris, were, members of thecompany at that time.ber of subscribers. -On the interurban the heavysnowfall yesterday impedded theservice, but cars were kept runningbeing from thirty to forty minuteslate. Trains on the L. & N. wer.ealso late. Mail carriers on the ruralroutes made their trips with thegreatest difficulty, and reported hugesnow drifts everywhere.The city carts and wagons wereplaced at the disposal of the Bourbon County Health and WelfareLeague, in relief work. Coal wasdistributed to a number of poor families who has been reported as beingin actual need.One of the freakish happenings inwhich the weather played a conspicuous part was when a southbound freight train on the Louisville & Nashville road stopped herefor coal nad water. During' thewait the wheels of the engine frozeto the tracks. Five big engines werereauired to clear the track, whichwas blocked formore than fivehours with..traims..JOLICE INSTRUCTED TO EN-FORCE SUNDAY CLOSING.In accordance with an order fromMayor E. B. January, Chief ofPolice Fred Link was busy yesterdayi serving notice on grocers, restaurantkeepers, meat markets, and others, ing for Engineer Charles Feddicord,in regard to the city ordinance and of JParis, was the man who? shot andthat portion of the Kentucky Stat- killed" Hanibal Hurst,, at Jackson,utes regarding the sale of groceries, Ky.-about two years ago.etc.,on Sunday. The order is as fol-j Forbes, whose home was at Lexlows: ington, was pardoned when he gave"I have a number of complaints his Promise to enlist in the IT. S.from groceries and meat stores that Army or Navy- He did not enlist,they close their stores on Sunday ac- however, and later became an emcording to the Kentucky Statutes, P10?6 of tne Louisville & Nashville,Section 1321, and city 'ordinance, and was making his first run whenSection 111, but there are others Wiled. Forbes originally came fromwho carry on their business on Sun- Breathitt county.day the same as on week days; alsorestaurants who sell groceries mustbe notified not to sell any groceries,but to serve meals the same as otherrestaurants and not sell any grocer-ies on Sunda.y And if any of themviolate the ordinance let him bebrought before the Police Judge fortriaj Please notify, all such viola-tors before next Sunday. Also callattention to all unpaid licenses dueMay 1, 1917, and report at the nextmeeting of the City Council."E. B. JANUARY, Mayor."DAYLIGHT SAVING AS A NATION MEASURE.the merchants of Paris. We wishSaving of more than 1,500,000 &r customers to have the benefit oftons- of coal a year if daylight sav- this information, and to be prepareding of an hour a day were adopted by for the action that will follow. Weact of Congress in the United States ill do our best to take care of theirwould be effected, according to esti- interests at all time, and deem wemates made by the executive com- are doing so by giving publicity tomittee on daylight saving for the this contemplated co-operative dechamber of the United States, -of livery service. Remember we willwhich Lincoln Fliene, of Boston, la continue our trucks delivery seryicechairman. "until the Government order becomesThis is one of the strong areu- effective.ments to be made at the hearing na week or two before the HouseCommittee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce on the daylight saving bill, which recently passed theSenate by unanimous vote. , Ti,Another argument that" wHE$aWar Trade Board lias agreed to limlSpresented isjhat at a recent confer-nce of shipyard employment man-agers in Washington under the au-spices of the United States shippingboard, a resolution was unanimouslypassed urging adoption of the day-light saving plan as amaterial aidin the shipbuilding program.iWE KNOW MOWOLD KING WINTERIs Still Here, andYou Must HaveWARM CLOTHINGTo Keep ComfortableWhether it is an Overcoator a Suit of Clothes thatyou need, we can supplyyour wants. We are showing some mighty good values in Men's Suits at$15.00$18.00and$20.00Clothing with good weightand good dependable woolcloth. Let us fit you in aSuit or Overcoat now, as-the prices' are much lower than they will be next winter,and it iff money saved to buy now.Woolen Underwearand theDuofold Health UnderwearYou you will find here in separate garments and unionsuits. Try a pair of Dr. Reed's Cushion Shoes. No cold"feet when you wear thesev shoes. xMITCHELLMANKHLED IN WRECK WAS-PARDONED PRISONER' Railroad men state- that RobertForbes, the fireman who was killedin the collision last Tuesday onthe switch engine he. was fir-pes ra phTO OUR CUSTOMERS.Owing to the regulations imposedby the Government in the conserva-tion of time, energy and everythingelse that will be a saving for warpurposes, the merchants . of Pariswill soon co-operate in making de-liveries of goods. This order is strictand imperative, and must he obeyed.Four deliveries will be made daily", the first at 8:00 a. m., the second at 10:00 a. m., the third at 2:00p. m7 and the last at 4:00 p. m.We will continue to run ourtruck and deliver groceries, etc., toour customers until this co-operativeaction goes into effect among all(15-lt)WILMOTH & CO.UMIT IS PLACED ON MONEYSENT ABROAD FOR CHARITIES .. The State. Department and themoney sent-out of the country forfor N charity " to $800,000 amonth. This will affect moneys in-tended for Palestine, for the Armen-ians, and all similar purposes forwhich organized funds are sentabroad "They require a Governmentwar license.s- ttopyttght, 1917S$o 4ffctti. Attru & (So-BLAKEMOREMil! Iliililt vffl mL?wV?y&WJHPnil PlllllI -'IIPwllx mmLIST OF CONTRIBUTORS TO Y. W.- C. A. WORK.The "following is a list of the contributors to the Y. W. C. A. Warocacuicu iu t'luac octtuiuay, outthe severe weather and other unforseen incidents prevented severalchairmen-making their reports. Thelist follows:Mr. Will Taylor, Mrs. Joe Red-pion, Miss Mary Marston, Miss MecMarston, Mrs. John Lair, Mrs. Wm.Marshall, Mrs. Lou Letton, Mr. W-M. Layson, Mrs. Joe Penn Redmon,.Mr. N. B. Moss, Mr. and Mrs. LouisRogers, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Clay, Mr.and Mrs. Alex Buckner, Mr. CatletteBuckner, Mr. and Mrs. Tomr Buckner, Mr. W. T. Buckner, Mr. JamesBuckner, Miss Nell Mahoney, Mrs.Albert Mitchell, Mrs. C. T. Whaley,Mrs. Thomas Maher. Mrs. Jk B. Day.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. January, Mr3.Boone Baldwin, Mrs. Ed. Burke,Miss Lula Christman, Miss MableGalloway, Miss Owens,. Miss GraceHargis, Mrs. J. F. Sims, Mrs. JohnWells, Mr. and Mrs. James Dodge,Mr. and Mrs. John. Woodford, Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Wornali, Mr. and Mrs.Walter Kenney, Mi and Mrs. BenWoodford, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Harding, Mrs. Frank Stoker, Mr. andMrs. Tollie Young, Mr, and Mrs. C.C. Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. RedmonTalbott, Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mrs: H. D, Pence, Mr. J.W. Young, Sr. Miss Lucy Miller, Mr.Joe Davis, Jr., Mr. S. S. Ardery,iss Margaret Ardery, Mrs. ClydeKeller, Mr. Silas Bedford, Mrs. Wm.Talbott, Mrs. Edward Spears, Mr.Bruce Holladay, Mr. C. A. Webber,Mrs. Harmon Stitt, Miss LizzieGrimes, Mrs. John Woodford, Mrriand Mrs. Steenbergen, Mr. J. W.Muir, Mrs. Mary Paton, Miss Francis Shropshire, Mr. J. M. Hukill,Mr. Geo. Crosdale, Mrs. Wm. Tarr,H. B. Fithian, Mr. Stamps Moore,Mrs. M. Howell, Mr. J. J. Grosche,Miss Grace Haskins, Mr. Owen L.Gibson, Mr. F. D. Newcome, Mr. W.T. Lafferty, Mr. Spencer, Mrs. M. O.Upton, Mr. Uppington, Miss Efl&eChambers, Mr. W. M. Hay, Capt.Ben Parker, Mr. Henry Caywood,Mr. J. T. Collins, Mr. C. C. Clarke,"r. Kennev Nichols, Mr. L. D. Redjflon, Mr. D. Hume7 Mr. James Conrell, Mr. A. B. Thomason, Mr. BlairT7arden, Mr. Woodford Houston, Mr.Geo. pieterman, Mr. J. Tr Jefferson,Mr. Garrard Jefferson-, Mr. W. T.Calvert, Mr. Dan Peed, Mr. Johnson,,TrS. Wm. Shire, Mr. and Mrs. DenisDundon, Mrs. John Connell, Mr.Turner, Mr. Sturgeon, Friends ofBourbon, and Independent Warehouses, Mrs. John Wells, Mr. andMrs. J. M. Caldwell, Mr. Kennethaldwell, Frank & Co., Miss Katherme Redmon, Mrs. Chas. Redmon,Misq Virginia Cook, Mr. and Mrs. R.F. Moore. Mrs. John Wright, Missnna Wright, Miss Francis Butler,rs. Rudolph. Davis, Mrs. James H,Thompson, Mrs. Robert Frank, Mrs.Julian Frank, Mrs. Geo. Crosdale,Mrs. Frank M. Clay, Miss FrancisShropshire, Mrs. Wm. Grimes, Mrs.Sallie Hedges, Miss Sallie Daniel,'I Nannie Brent O'Neil, Mr. Rudolph Davis, Mr. Powell Bosworth,Mrs. D. Feld, Miss Sara Daniel, MissTanie Marsh, Mr. Charlton Clay,Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann, Mrs. Tomllen, Mr. Bruce Miller, Mrs. Newton Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Bell,Mr. and .Mrs. Swift Champ, Mrs. I.T. Thompson, Mr. Lyt. Purnell, Mr.and Mrs. B. M. Renick, Mrs. Robt.Gosin, Mr. Hord Mann, Mr. Ed.Hinton, Mr. James P. Lail, Mrs.obt. McTnyre, Mr. and Mrs. Henryower.-Miss Sarah Power, Mis3Francis Hancock, Dr. and Mrs.Brown, Mr. E. B. Douglas, Mrs. J.T Tadlock, Mrs. W. B. Griftlth, Miss'nrgaret Griffih, Miss Nancy Griffith, Mrs. H. Whitley, Mr. Wm."ritchett, Dr. Harry Mathers, Mrs.Alfred Batterton, Miss Lena Cooper,Miss Ella Walsh, Miss Clarissahomas, Mrs. Bettie Mcllvain, Mrs.TTirrv Kerslake, Mrs. Tom Templin,rr "jpTnes templin, Mr. MonroeTraTiRfiPld. Mrs. Ira Parks, Mrs.Mvers. Mrs. Mary Templin Faulkner, Miss Lutie White, Mrs. J. W.--o-vijiTiri. Mrc H. A. Hornback, Mrs.! J B Northcott, Miss Alice Ford, Mr.and MrsrJ. T. Sharrard, Mrs. SallieThompson, Mrs. Rebecca Mullen,,Ti?s Marv Kenney, Mrs. Lena Jones,Mrs. R. P. Dow, Mr. A. B. Lovell,I Mr W. W. Burley, Mr. and Mrs. A.L Burlev, Mrs. J. U-. iteamon auutto -mtta Ynimer. Mrs. Whaley, Mrs.n n T.arVin Mrs. Kiser Smith.Wrc "T?nsa Flanders. Mrs. C. D. Tackett, Miss Lula Tebbs, Mrs. L. D. Harris Mr. L. R. BraniDietie, miss aujLaytom Mrs. E. B. Stone, Masteriroviiri Harter. Miss Elizabeth-nio-iocs Mrs. Annie Hill, Mrs. J. H.Smith, Mrs. L. D. Conway, Miss SueJohnson, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Baldwin, Dr. Ussery, Mr. and Mrs. TomTaul, Mr. Ussery Taui, miss iuu.oto Mr Frank Santen. Mr. Bailey, Mrs. G. Taylor, Mrs. L. D. Redmon, Miss Joanna Garth, Mr. Milton Trebble, Miss Sallie -Talbott,Mfic tvtoKoI Tpmnlin. Miss Mamiestivers Mrs. Nathan Bayless, Mrs.Geo.-Erion, Mrs. R. H. Wills, Mr.and Mrs. "T. S. Sandusky, MivWardWilcox, Mr. Grant Galloway, Mrs.Dick Brown, Mrs. Joe Hilton,. Mrs.Witt, Mrs. Gus Christman, Mrs. Geo.Pepper, Mr. and Mrs." Sr J. Bagby,Miss Lena Fookes, Mrs. Louza. Gmn,Mrs.-Martha Ela, Mrs. Ada Ela, Mrs.tv, -Roffptf Mrs, Robert Burns,I Mrs. C. Richardson Mrs. John Bish-lop, Mrs. Joe James, miss 11-I Richardson, Mrs. E. P. Clarke, VimAnnie Fjirrell,-Miss Liziie Lsnihan,Mr. -JDwIWis JP-B1?1Gray, Mm P Crfia. -Helief work in progress itf Bourbon j Paris, who with those of tner citicounty, supplementing the list ptc- have suffered from the cold, spell -viouslypublished. The campaign has just Seen made by Qte- CentralNATURAL GAS SUPPLY TO- LARGELY r&CBEASED. . ?An announcement that will he ofdecided interest to the neoute nfAcuiuuiiy XNatUrai Gas Co -w'hio'Hsupplies tMs territory.The company has closed: a. contract-with:the firm of ifullen &'Mullen, of Winchester, for the purchase of the output of three big gwells near Mize, in Morgan? county.This will ive an increased supply ofgas in Central Kentucky, includlasParis,, which have been served bythe Company's gas wells? in WeatVirginia.The wells belonging tonMiullen 9cMullen have a daily capacity of .!000,000 feet of natural gas- or over.and when connected up with tkmain line of ten inch pipe from theWest Virginia fields, which runs toFrankfort, passing through Winchester and -Lexington,, -will help tomake up the shortage of gas pressure, which has inconvenienced Parkpeople fn the past.Winchester, Mt Sterling andFrankfort will also be affected. According to announcement the contract with Mullei & Mullen providesfor the construction of a tiinp Unafrom the wells to the main line ofthe gas gas company, which runsthrough the northern part of Morgan county, by- the former company.L. V. Mullen ft is said, already hawmaterial for- the construction of thenew pipe line oh the ground.2T0 SALE YESTERDAY AT TOBACCO HOUSES.No sales were held yesterday atthe local tobacco warehouses, owiagto weather conditions. Some of thabuyers were unable to reach Pari,and the condition of the countyroads rendered hauling the tobaccoto market impossible. - -Quite a number of Bourbon coumty growers have disposed of tlieJrcrops at Lexington houses,, i&praercrice to the home .markets. TTmBMic"those who have sold there ro&Iywere the followingrR. and M. Ferguson and W. Duacan sold 4,500 pounds, at the Growers' House for an average of $31.33; Taylor & Hinton sold 7,15pounds at the Fayette House No.-lfor "an average of $29.57; Burden -Bros,sold 5,285 pounds at the samehouse for an average of $35.3.7;Taylor & Lucas sold at the samehouse 3,970 pounds for an averageof $32.60; Liter & Bodkins sold atthe Independent House 3,775 poundsfor an average of $31.5$.-p 1 ?ft-EEAX ESTATE DEALSThe farm of 252 -acres belongingto Mr. John H. Mason, located nearGrassy Lick, in Montgomery county,was sold at public auction Friday,by Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofParis. Mr. H. K Green, of Mt.Sterling, was the purchaser at$236.55 per acre. Mr. Mason stillowns a fine fram of 200 acres inMontgomery county. -He will moveto Mt. Sterling to reside.Mr. C. C. Cole, of 'Carlisle, purchased last week of Mr. A. Adamithe three-story brick house on Main,street occupied by Mrs. Corne Watson and Mr. Harry ''Linville, at aprivate price. The sale was madethrough the Bourboh Realty Bxchange, represented by Mr. OasiamEdwards. Mr. Adami purchased thproperty from the Nippert heirs atpublic sale some time ago, at wMch.time Mr. Cole was "a contendingbidder.GERMANY AT LAST BEGDOJIKTO TAKE AMERICA SERIOUSLYGermany is depending on her.JJboats to defeat the American mace and bring about jpeace, declare -"the Berlin Tageblatt, a copy of which -has been received in Washington!"The entire Entenie, hopes," saysthis newspaper, "are now based omexpected help from - the ' limitedStates. Whether theAmericans nrfllbe able to provide ai nghtirg- nsmj.in number sufllcient'to bring' about Ca decision, whether " they will Ife -able to furnish sufficient ships fir , "the transport of --the army aidwhether they will then be afclc teprovide the necessary aappliar'af yfood and war materials are n--tionsupon which opinion la dividiii-But there is no doubt tkart'thafort, the America ir makimg mqpt -betaken sriouly. Tk be "ifearly yao -iif ir alirt -tpHjysfefea-Vfe "V r - tTTVWMW4rJF.ITJ- v-?1GE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY Ur ISISTs -THE WR80N NEWSaMIched 1881 35sYear of Continuous Publication.bltehed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Ye&r... $2.00 Six Months... ?1,00Payable In Advance.WIFT CKAMP, Editor and Owner,-r- ttEDITOKIAL MUSINGS."Got What Ee Deserved!Ernest Schneider, a soldier atCasip Zacliaiy Taylor, who "said thatthe President ought to he killed,,nA that it lie were at WashingtonIiewouldM)e glad to undertake the30bof T killing him, will "do ,tenyeirs 'time" at Atlanta in the Federal prison for his little indiscretion. Such outspoken enemies of theUnited States are far less dangeroiidtha'n the smooth-spoken spy or theGerman sympathizer who holds historigue, hut it behoves the militarycourts and the civil courts to administer severe punishment for theutterance of treasonable sentimentsduring the war. The judgment in-the case of Schneider was amplywarranted by the facts. He was, nodoubt, a foolish young man. Andwe have some of that sort right herein the city of Paris, Ky., who arealmost as foolish in some of their remarks, only the attention of the authorities has not as yet been calledto them. Equally, and withoutdoubt is the fact that Schneider waskind is u disloyal American and afomenter of disloyalty.The war may be over in two years.Eighty years later Ernest Schneiderwill be hitting'a few licks every dayfor your Uncle Sam with a pick,perhaps, socially an outcast, dishonorably discharged and disgraced.jte got what he deserved. The same.nay happen some of these days lolome of these fellows in Paris, ifjyer easy-going people of this community get really roused up. ,Books and Newspapers.fBooks are wonderful, not only in'their multiplicity, but in their persuasive power. The books and papers of to-day mould the minds ofmeri They are not only an intellectual but a' moral force. If allbooks and papers were correct inprinciple and judgment, there wouldbe a rapid decline in crime. Crimeis due to ignorance, and ignorance isdue to false preaching or no teaching. Much of the viciousness, anarchyand restlessness of modern times isdue to the pernicious influence ofewspapers and books written bymen who are either purposely deluding the people or lacking in understanding. If we would purify ourpeople we must put our newspapersinto the hands of men who will notsacrifice truth and morality to political and financial ends.We must have a literary censorship, that books may be examinedand those of evil influence condemned before they reach the people.We all have much to learn and it iseconomy of time to read only the oldand well tried books. Books andpapers teach us to know life thepresent and past. They stimulateand train the mind. They inspire usby example and percept. They teachus morality. They help us to distinguish between the good and thefalse. They quicken the imagina--tion. They give us worthy andbeautiful things to think and talkabout. They are the best and mostaccessible means of education.How The Editor Helps.Don't advise the peracher how topreach help him and he will preachbetter. Don't tell the lawyer howhe ought to plead. Pay him and hewill plead better. Don't tell the physician how he should do pay feesand you will get better treatment.Don't tell the reporter, editor or solicitor how he could make a betterpaper patronize and pay for thepaper and make it better each week.To be sure the department storestell you that if their goods are notsatisfactory you can return them.Sure! But you have to pay expressor freight both ways and you decideto keep them. If your home merchants' oods are not satisfactoryyou can take them back and it costsyou nothing.A lawyer will give you five minutes of advice on any one topic, andcharge you $5 for it. An editor willgive you advice on a hundred different topics and charge you but firecents for it. And very often fivecents given to an editor will save $5given to a lawyer. 't&J.3 fTIETTER EROMMR. MfiHBOSSWEENEY: Bfco'SPECTIVE JJTLYER.J' THE NEWS is- in receipt of thefollowing letter from Mr. MonroeSepnev. of Paris, who is one of thelatest additions to the ranks of pa... joaug men who are willingto serve their country in any capacity whatever. Mr. Sweeney leftParis a short time ago, after a farewell supper tendered him by a number of his admiringfriends, and after a visit to his brothers in Chicago, went to Camp Decatur, 111.,.ioin where the letter was written.The letter follows:"January 5, 1918."DEAR NEWS:"Well, I would just like to knowhow everything is in the capital ofgood old Bourbon, and I hear '"yousay, 'Read THE BOURBON NEWS.'I will, just as soon as it comes along."I landed here on Thursday, andthe very first person I saw aftercoming in the gate was Billy Higgins, of Paris. This is a great placeand I like it fine, although it waspretty tough the first morningto have to get up at five and jumpa cold shower right from the lake.Bue it surely makes one feel greatenough to lick a dozen Kaisers,"Our rations are good, and everything else is satisfactory, but theyare very stricfon us in regard tosmoking while in the detentioncamp, for that is what this is. I wasvaccinated on my right arm and innoculated on my left arm Friday fortyphoid fever preventive, and, as alesult, have two pretty sore armsto-day."After we get out of the detentioncamp we will be transferred to anaviation school, but am not surejust yet where that' will be, as Idon't imagine that 'the powers thatbe' know where we will be stationed the present writing."Now, please see that THE BOURBON NEWS comes, to me regularly,as I want to keep up with the doings down home, and I also wish youwould send the numbers which Thave missed since leaving Paris."With kindest regards and bestwishes for a peaceful New Year, Iam,"Very Sincerely,"J. MONROE SWEENEY."Qompany 13, Camp Decatur, GreatLakes, 111."J3L t& 159SLACKER IS POUND HIDING INBIG CARTON OP PAPER.George Cheadle,,a young man ofOlympia, Washington, was found byChief of Police Cusack hiding awayin a big paper carton in a vacantroom upstairs in the man's homeMilitary authorities of Californiawired the police to pick him up.After searching the place, Cusackwas about to give up when he lokednto the box, which appeared to betoo small to hold a man.is iDONT $CQkj),'J A? "MOTHE&lraETCROSSiv'CHmD IS ,' BinOUSPEVERISELook At Tongue ! If Coated,. CleanLittle Stomach, Liver,Bowels.Don't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if, tongue is coated; thisis a sure sign its little stomach,liver and bowels are clogged withsour waste.When listless, paler feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,has stomachache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewlhours all the foul waste, the sourbile and fermenting food passes outof the bowels and. you have a welland playful child again. Childrenlove this harmless "fruit laxative,"and mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to maketheir little "insides" 'clean andsweet.Keep t it handy, mother! A littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow, but get the genuine. Askyour druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Fig3," which has direction for- babies, children - of allages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted, on the bottle. Rememberthere are counterfeits sold here, sosurely look and see" that yours ismade by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." Hand back with 'contempt any other fig syrup. (adv)K3 Ttt 191The food administration is to takeover the supply of binder twine, butthat does not mean a tie-up in thatindustry.Pure bronzeExtra nice stock.MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON,PARIS, KY.hCumberland Phone 256-W(ll-3t)Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to f our'hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoiningounties. Good pikes, Interurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlyrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.umb. Phonee 35-J and 37-W.nj)?16-tf)CONSnPATKMrjtojHTOIGESTIOH"I have usdv(JhamfcerlaiM8 TabIetsand musttsay they are tfie bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion-and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)For Sale.turkey gobblers.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished- in mission and is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (tf)ChiropodistAll persons who are troubled withtheir -feet will find a chiropodist atRuss Corbin's barber shop on Saturday, Jan. 12, and each Wednesdaythereafter. Sanitary treatment.Will be glad to have you call andhave your feet treated. Call Cumberland phone 168. rT. M. LEWIS, Chiropodist,Of Lexington, Ky.(ll-3t)Eye-Strain, IllnessIs Tlain to be seen in the weakened and irritated appearance of theeyes; the persistent and distressingheadaches; pains in temples or forehead; blurring together of letters;that frown which is beginning topoil the face. Together with these,there is the effect on the generalhealth, which is great In manycases. Let me give you the benefit-f my several years' dailyexperiencein expert eye testing and- correo'Hing of glasses for eye-strain in allits forms. Yours for better eyesight. DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 47. 520 Main St.For Rent.Cottage of four rooms. Good location. Call Home Phone 399.(Mt(Public SateiOF--Stock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc.I will sell at public- auction, atmy residence, four miles from- Paris,Ky., on the Redmon pike, promptly,at ten o'clock, a. m., onWednesday, Jan. 30, 1918,the following described property, allof which will positively be soldwithout reserve or by-bidding:One S-year-old mule, works anyplace;One 4-year-old mare, mule, goodone and good worker;One 8-year-old work horse;One 4-year-old work horse; ,One 5-year-old buggy horse, will 'work anywhere;Ten good young milch cows, allbred; some will be fresh in shorttime;Eight yearling steers;Eight calves; weaned;One bull;One good brood sow, bred;One good gflt, bred;Three shoats, will weigh about,100 pounds-each; -One Deering Binder;One tobacco setter, good as new; tOne Deering Mower;Two riding cultivators;One disc harrow;One corn planter, good as new;Two breaking plows;One bull rake; " vOne sulky rake;One grain drill;One sled;One 3i& Mitchell wagon anilframe;Two good rubber tire buggies;One steel-tired rockaway, 'goodone;One set good buggy harness;One good tarpaulin, large size;About 80 barrels of corn in crib;- 'About 5 tons mixed hay baled;About 50 shocks of fodder;One-half interest in about 15 acresof wheat on the farm;Turkeys, ducks., some householdgoods and kitchen furniture, andother things too numerous to mention. Terms will be made known on dayof the sale.MRS. CHAS. C. COLLINSGeo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. "11v-Sale-viA14Our ClearanceIS IN PROA clearing sale of Fall and Winter Clothes is a good thing for yo!29 because you can buy at reduced pricesand it'sa good thing for us, because we can dispose of our Fall and Winter stock asid get the. cash, And then, too, the extravalue-givihng brings new customers to this-store and helps to widem our eis-eie of friends. Better look ahead on yourneeds and buy for the future as well as the present. Come in and get yotir share of your profits.EVERYTHING MARKED FOR QUICK SELLINGMen's Suits535.0030..0027.5025.0022.5020.0013.00'15.0012.5010.00S.50Men'sMen'sMen's"Men'sMen'sMen'sMen'sMen'sMen'sMen'sMen'sSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsSuitsat.at.at.at.at.at.at.at.at.at.at.$30.0025.0022.5020.0017.50. 16.50. 14.50. 11.50. 9.50. 7.986.98Boys' Suits12.50 Boy's -Suits at .,..-$9.45'10.00 Boy's Suits at 7.953.3-0 Boy;s Suits at 6.957.50 Boy's Suits at 5.956.50 Boy's Suits at t. . .; 4.955.00 Boy's-Suits at 3.954.00 Bo3''s -Suits at 2.953.50 Boy's Suits at.- 2.'JoMen's OvercoatsJ3.00 oy's Suits at. .". 2.25I$35.00 Men's Overcoats at.. $30.0030.00 Men's Overcoats at-. . 25.0027.50 Men's Overcoats at.. 22.5025.00 Men's Overcoats at.. 20.0022.50 Men's Overcoats at.. 17.5020.00 Men's Overcoats at.. 16.5018.00 Men's Overcoats at.. 14.5015.00 Men's Overcoats at. . H.5Q12.50 Men's Overcoats at. . 9,5010.00 Men's Overcoats at.. 7,93Boys' Overcoats$12.50 Boy's Overcoats at $9.4510.00 Boy's Overcoats at 7.958.50 Boy's Overcoats at 6.957.50 Boy's Overcoats at 5,956.50 Boy's Overcoats- at. . . . 4,955.00 Boy's Overcoats at. . . . 3,954.00 Boy's Overcoats at...2.95-Men's Odd Pants$6.00 Men's Pants5.09 Men's Pants4.0a Men's Pants3.50 .Men's3. 00 Men's2.50 Men's2.00 Men'sat:at.at.Pants at.Pants at.PantsPantsat.at.4.753.952.952.752.251.751.50Suit Cases and Bags?10.00 Suit Case or Bag at. . .$8.489.00 Suit Case of Bag at... 7,488.50 Suit Case of Bag at. . . 6.988.00 Suit Case or Bag at. . . 6.487.50 Suit Case or Bag at. . . 5,936.00 Suit Case or Bag at. . .4,985.00 -Suit Case or Bag at.'. . 3,933.50 Suit Case or Bag at. . . 2.982.00 Suit Case or Bag at. . . 1.481.50-Suit xCase or Bag at... 1,151.25 Suit Case or Bag at. . . 1,001.00 Suit Case or Bag at. . . .89Boys' Knee PantsI2JD0 Boy's Pants at $1,481.50 Boy's Pants at "1.151.00" Boy's Pants at '. ,gg.75 Boy's Pants at qq.60 Boy's Pants at ,49.50 Boy's Pants at ,33-Men's Hats$5.00 Hats at ,$3.954.50 Hats at 3.754.00 Hats at c 3.253.5J0 Hats at 2.9&3.00 Hats at..(2.50 Hats at2.00 Hats at .1.50 Hats at1.00 Hats at ,.. 1.52.259501.15.89Men s and Boys' Caps$5.00 Caps at $3.954.00 Caps at o qt:Caps at 2.253.002.001.50Caps at 145Caps at . . 115l.OOCaps at ,89o0 Caps at.38Men's Mackinaws$15.00 Mackinaws at.12v.50 Macldnr5- at.10.00 Maclciaav at.8.50 Macklr.a-at.-$12.509.507.986.98Boys' Mackinaws87.50 Mackinaws at 5.986.50 Mackinaws at 4,935.00 Mackinaws at. . ."V 3,93Everything CashNothing ChargedManhattan Shirts at Sale PricesNothing Sent on Approval$1.75 Shirts cut to.$2.00 Shirts cut to$250 Shirts cut to$3750 Shirts cut to$1.35; 1,651.852.85This is an added special in our Clearance Sale, and itwill surely be welcomed by the wearers of good shirts.Every new pattern and color is to be found in Silks,Madras and Percales.84.00 Shirts cut to $3,15$4.50 Shirts cut to. . . '. 3. 1 5$5.00 Shirts cut to -. j. 3. - 5$6.00 Shirks cut to... . 45TR.THE NEW STORECor. Main & 7th Sts.PARIS, - KENTUCKYFOB MEN AND BOYS-f-'--' -v-T':l. - .r. j,x -x r.y Vsrv. q g..- vX-r y"V& -,ePWALSH.3... ; . I.1 . ' Z.A -TUESDAY, JANUARY 15", -1918THE BOURBON MEWS, PARIS, 1ia&i nmJyyAJwBACKING UP PROOF.The Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest Paris man orwoman has publicly endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills.Wleek after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any niedicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years hadpassed?" Local proof is good evidence.'Testimony confirmed years afteris better evidence.The following Paris man's statement leaves no room for doubt.It mus.t convince every kidneysufferer who reads it.If your back achea if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of Geo. McCandles, SecondStreet. He says: "My kidneys wereinactive" and I had backaches.Doan's Kidney Pills put a stop jto allthe trouble and gave me completerelief." (Statement given January17, 1912.) iNO TROUBLE SINCE. ;Over four years later, or on No-1vember 9, 1916, Mr. McCandlessaid: "I haven't had any need of akidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. McCandles had. FosterMilburn, Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)G0VE1HMENT TO BUY OUTPUT-0F PLOUE HIELS.To supply the needs of the armyand navy and those associated withthe United States in the war, theFood Administration will purchasefrom every flour mill in the country not to exceed 30 percent of itsoutput. Out of the flour purchased,the Food Administration will retainat all time a reserve stock and willship flour to any point where thelocal supply might be' short.I "This measure is not taken with aview to diminishing supplies to themarket," said an administration announcement, "but is to fundamentally further adequate handling ofj transportation in respect to army,navy mid export requirements and aregular supply of flour for the asso1 ciates in the war of the UnitedStates at favorable loading points,i and more regular flqw of the com'modity and to prevent congestionand inequalities in stocks of flourowing to transport difficulties."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.iComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There-and. Elsewhere.IftHftsHAVE YOU SEEN THEM?The knitting craze holds on, andalmost every woman has ceased todarn hubby's socks or patch histrousers, and is now busily engagedin knitting sweaters for the soldierboys. The knitting bags are thicken the streets, being carried by theold and young of the feminine sex.These bags are of all colors anddesigns and some of them veryclosely resemble the dream of anartist of the "Cubist" school. Someresemble crazy quilts, while otherslook like a section taken from acomic supplement. Still they are,being used in a patriotic cause, soVkhat should ,mere man say? Buthave you seen them?S fe ?3aBAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UPMcGregor boosted for seatop ollie james. iFriends of Tom B. McGregor, ofFrankfort, former assistant Attor-,ney General, are urging him to make .the race for the Republican nomi-.nation for United States Senator.The term " of Senator Ollie James,Democrat, will expire in 1919, and'many Republcian members of the1918 General Assembly predict thata Republican will succeed Mr. Jamesin the Senate. The boom for McGregor was inaugurated by hisfriends in the Legislature and Republicans from over the State whowere in Frankfort to attend the Republican caucus.Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I .first used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of tlietime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. m I havetold many ofmy friends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms." Obtainable everywhere. x (adv-jan)1 Ha PaIf those peace delegates could onlyremain peaceful for a few momentsthey might get together in Russia.i Miss Carilla Eberhardt has returned to her home in Georgetown, !after a visit to relatives near Shawhan. Mrs. Ben F. Steagall is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, undergoing medical treatment. Mrs. W. W. Jones has returnedto her home in Flemingsburg, aftera visit to relatives and friends inParis.Mr. Roy F. Clendenin made abusiness trip to Frankfort last weekin the interest of his insurancebusiness.Mrs. Bennett Thomas, who hasbeen very ill for. some time at theMassie Memorial Hospital, is improving slowly.Mrs. J. M. Murphy, of nearParis, was called Friday by telegramto Bliss, Oklahoma, by the seriousillness of her father.Mrs. R. J. Brown and daughter,Miss Ella Brown, are at home froma visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Ballinger, near Falmouth.Mr. Thos. S. Drennan has returned to his home near Paris after a visit to relatives in Flemingsburg and Fleming county.Miss Anna Louise White hasconcluded a pleasant visit to MissMartha Tharp, in Mt. Sterling, andreturned to her home near Paris.Miss Nell W,haley has resumedher duties at Transylvania Univer-! sity, after a visit to her father, Mr.H. Clay Whaley, and family, inParis.Mrs. A. P. Bryan and Mr. andMrs. John J. Rednion were guestsseveral days the past week of Mr.and Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon andfamily, in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Hedges Rash, whowere recently married at the Carlsbad Springs Hotel, near Williams.town, have gone to housekeeping inthe Talbott residence in North Middletown. Mrs. Rash was formerlyMiss Nellie Rummans, sister of Mr.Stanton Rummans, of Paris.j The Washington' correspondencejof the Courier-Journal says: "Mr.Stanley Dickson, of Paris, who isnow a student of the Graduate Col-llege at Princeton University, stop-JJtU. UYC1 XXX IV CVOXXXXl&lAJlX, lll U It l2 LJschool and spent a few days withPaymaster John F. White. Mr. Dickson had been" at Paris to spend theholidays."(Other Personals on Page 5)piiMmmiqflMThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of he right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is o first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone & IIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.The Georgetown News - has thefollowing regarding a former Secretary of the local Y. M. C. A. whowas deservedly popular here:"Sergt. It. Herndon Waller, whoJ. J. VEATCH,Diitrict Manager.(Incorporated)elegraph Go.W.H. CANNON,Local Manager.was sergeant in the 326th Field Artillery, entered the Officers' Train-!ing Camp at Camp Taylor w"hen it'was opened and is making rapidstrides in that camp and when theofficers are announced, he will befound among the 'top notchers' itgoes without saying. He is a modelsoldier in every particular."Br. H. H! Roberts, formerly ofParis, has received a commission asCaptain in the U. S. Army and hasbeen assigned to service at CampGordon, near Atlanta, Ga., as specialist in gastro-entero diseases. Dr.and Mrs. Roberts are temporarilyresiding at the Georgian TerraceHotel, in Atlanta. Dr. Roberts hasfor several years been resident nhy-l -I IB-See Our (CTTT5 ffTX iff "-"""VlT C t D INow is a fine time to buy furnitureIV)ight now, just at the time when somany people are changing homes,is the timato eet that new furniture you have needed so long.Our stocks are particularly well-iilledand varied.Our prices are low the values great.If you are going to move, see us first.Let us show you how economically youcan furnish one or two of the new rooms.,jIf you are staying where you are,seize this unusual opportunity to get afew new things that will fit in just rightwith the old.From the lines of the best manufacturers we have chosen a wide range ofdesigns for living-room, bed-room anddining-room, which will suit your tastesand your pocketbook.In the famous Simmons Beds, forinstance, we can offer you more forthe money than you can possibly findelsewhere. And the same is truethroughout the store.Special Prices on All Stoves For This Month !Carpets Rugs, Mattings, Kitchen Cabinets and AnythingYou Need For the Home.TRY TRADING AT WHEELER'SA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagtrrmwmmmwMikm wmmwfwmmmwOPPOSITE COURT HOUSEWEmffimEfflEESmSfflEmWMMMMaster Commissioners Sale of LandiBOURBON "CIRCUIT COURTKXB.Y L. BUEBRIDGE, ETC., .....: PLAINTIFFS:iVS Halter's. Sale of Land.JAMES BUEBRIDGE, ETC., ,. . DjEFENHANTSUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the November, 1917, term of theBourbon Circuit Court in the above styled Action therein pending, tie undersigned Master Commissioner,on - r , -,-"MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1918i at the front door of the Court i House, in Paris, Ky., at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. mT, will sell at pub$ lie auction to the highest and best bidder, '$he following 'described property:3 1st A tract-of 53 acres lying on the 'Bethlehem and Paris and the Bethlehem and 'Hutchison4 Station Turnpikes, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, being known as the "Home Place," andrj" " bounded ..as follows: Beginning at 1 in the angle of the turnpikes, thence N 87 degrees"I- I 19 minutes W. S4 to 2, a deflection in the turnpike; thence S. 88 degrees 49 minutes W.,1 . 35.28 poles to 3; thence with a line fence N. 53' E. 74.92 poles to 4, a stone; thence S.li 67 degress 29 minutes E 112.48 poles to 5, a stone; thence S 4 degrees 30 minutes E. 73.48poles to the beginning, containing fifty-three Acres of land.3 2nd A tract o 15.33 acres described as follows: Beginning at E, a corner to Marion Hall,H ;-. thence with his line 3. 78. 3-8 E. 28.24 chains -to 6; thence with the center of the Parisft and Bethlehem turnpike S 3 4-9.23 cfiains to 5, a corner to No. 1; thence with No. 1 Nf- 86 3-8 W. 28.30 chains to 4, a stake in line of No. 2; thence with No. 2 N. 2 E. 172chains to the beginning. .3rd. A tract of '43.72; acres .described. as follows: Beginning in. the Middle of the Paris andri Bethiehem turnpike at A; thence with the middle of sameN. 3& W. 27.32 Chains to B;thence N. 78 & E. 15.06 chains to C, the middle of said turnpike" and a corner to EdSparks; thence with his line S. 3 3-8E. 31.25 chains to D, a corner to James Russell;thence with his line N. 86 W. 15.06 chains to the beginning. -r The lands to be sold constitute a highly improved Blue Grass' farm, 111 acres; 13Vmiles.lCi." r. IL"'... 'a.J. ,'lc W .TTiioliSo, 53to4 ,,.sician at Poland Springs, near Poland, Maine. ,Mr. Herbert T. Sledd, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, is one of therecent additions to the U. S. Navytraining camps from Bourboncounty. Mr. Sledd enlisted at Lexington, as an apprentice seaman andwas sent to Louisville for final examination, which he passed successfully.Private Elmer Duncan, who is amember of a Kentucky Company at Camp Shelby, Hatties-burg, Miss., was at home severaldays the past week on furlough.Earl Brown, of the same neighborhood, has-been promoted to therank of Corporal. They report allfthe Kentucky boys as being verywell pleased with the camp.Private Montgomery Wilson, ofCenterville, who has been seriouslyill at Camp Zachary Taylor, hasT Sbeen, granted, 'sick aeayej and has re- Jturned' iol-'hifr- home7 to recuperate. IPrivate Qecir Ivy, also of Center- nville, aumember of the same com-j mpany, at Camp Zachary Taylor, is ill I Jat the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. T. A. Ivy.WANTED' MM iEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Our-I I Hk r MB&tifrom Lexington, 6 miles from Paris, ,two miles froni HutcnjspntaUon, three, jniles from the,in-terurbMKoi4; brickKousewith- ten rooms; tenainnouse four rooms; new 'silo; nwd-largearris ;smair"stable: 'splendid , ice house; all necessary "outbuildings; well; and cistern jtwwexwllentBrings goc4&fhrd Tiurcn" and school near by. ThiApurchaseY Will g'erten acrebf landtwenty acres of growing wheat; also one-half of ten acres of growing wheat on the shares.THANKSiQur Business for the Year1917 was More Thandouble that of the Preceding Year.DEPARTMENTA)Said., sale will be made upon the credits of six and? twelve months, for equal parts of the purchasemoney, the purchaser or purchasers being required to execute their,, two bonds with good surety tjohe ap-' proved by the Commissioner. foY equal parts of the jrarchase money, due six and twelve "montnsfrbm'date$ of sale rGfpeotivelyMidtjfcfiBg interest at the rate'of isixpefr'centu per annum from date rof sale I until4 i -paid, with allien retainetSttpbtt the property to further-secure -their payment, said honds to have the- forco- and effect of judgments. v1 The Haster reserves the right to reject any and all bids.For this we extendthanks to our patronswish for them a happysuccessful yer in 1918their blisifiewcpursuits.W -M h-MiAGAINourandaiidi i;M. F KtNNEY, Auctioneerf XJanlF-22-29) -O. T. HINTON :' -Mister Commission!)- Birbin Circuit Court.-fctelgWILMOTHGrocery Co.' Phone 376" Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had 'years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.?(&.. r. .. aWeTXoMe-Xreading anilVulcanizing ofAlhKindsL. jBALLoxV-r IJIM rMw akHvvwHBiCBvhMMMUM.AMiMc --$bh cSSc! -z-zsS-P?1 .vY"." 'rn & .5C yi &Cor. Fourth a4 PloaomtiStc.5n5x rfi lo &$n??zk ;vx.fk8fZXS.jnMMUmti Will''T"-. 4. V-r -s' .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYT6TUESDAY, JANUARY 11 If itpage rouxViriu:tJEWS OF WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.IOWA MAN'S SATIRE together, only to be torn apart andON KAISER WTT.TTBT.M leisurely devoured by sharks downamong the corals.Kentucky War ConferenceHon. Franklin K. Lane, Secretaryof the Interior of the United States,Sir' Frederick E. Smith, AttorneyGeneral of Great Britain, and manyother noted men, will speak at theConference.- A State-wide War Conference, under the auspices of the Council of-National Defense and the KentuckyState Council of Defense, will beheld in Louisville, Ky., January15 and 16, 1918, at the Henry Watterson Hotel.Every citizen in Kentucky is called upon to give earnest and self-sacrificingsupport to this importantmeeting, and,iif possible, to attendand hear the great issues of the warinterpreted by some of the most advanced thinkers .and leaders of theland.Satan Informs German RulerHas Ousted All OtherEvil Doers.HeSt. Paul Dispatch: Louis Syberkrop, of Creston, has acquired muchfame in recent weeks as an authorof a satire on Kaiser Wilhelm. Requests have come to him from Tumulty, Secretary Daniels and Roosevelt, and people in every -State inthe union and in Canada have asked for copies of Mr. Syberkrop's article. It is as follows:The Y. W. C. A. campaign, havingbeen retarded by weather conditions, unpassable roads, and lack oftelephone connections, will continuethroughout the week. Miss Orr willhe 'glad to receive from the captainsreports "of work accomplished todate.MRS. F. SUTHERLAND,"Chairman of Woman's War ReliefWork.Club Meetings, Jan. 16th.-The Progressive Culture Club.MusicXeader Mrs. Wallace ClarkThe Paris Literary Club:'Canada's Part' In the WarMiss Hutchcraft"The Man From Athabasca" . . .Mrs. Allen,Readings From Two War-madePoetsRupert BrookeAlan Seegar Mrs. Fithian--At the Red Cross rooms:Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Catholic Church.Thursday W. C. T. U.Friday Presbyterian Church.m m mTJOINGS OF THE UNITED COMMERICAL TRAVELERSUnder the above head a writer inthe Lexington Leader of Sunday hasthe following regarding Paris trareling men:""Noah Rose, representing Spears& Som, Paris, was up the L. & E.iMt week. Noah, has entirely recovered from his sick spell and isgetting a good business."It is the pleasure of the. writersof this column to again announce a-Redding of a good U. C. T., Ben'Biscuit' Downey of Paris, representing the National Biscuit Company,and Miss Sara E. Short were married Thursday afternoon by the Rev.rMr. Ellis, at Paris. The boys wouldliked to have had an opportunity ofsttondinsr this event, as the drumcorps are in good shape and well up Jon the new music. iowever, n meweather will permit, the happycouple may expect a charvari fromthe fellows, who are his true friendsand fellow travelers. The boys wishthem both much joy and happiness."DAMAGE SUIT AGAINST PARISMAN FOR $5,000.Suit has been filed in the Nicholas Circuit Court at Carlisle byJfr. Philips Sugg, as next best. triend of Clarence Sugg, againstuv' wm. H. Whalev. Jr.. of this-city, for 15.000 damages, alleged tohare been sustained by ClarenceSugg by reason of being falsely arrested and imprisoned by W. H.Whaley and also of being assaultedby Whaley. It is alleged that theacts occurred on Hallow'een nighton the Maysyille & Lexington pike,near Ellisville."The Infernal Region,June 28, 1917."To Wilhelm von Hohenzollern,King of Prussia, Emperor of AllGermany and Envoy Extraordinary of All Mighty God:"My Dear Wilhelm: I can callyou by that familiar name for Ihave always been very close toyou, much closer than you could,ever know."From the time you were yet an.undeveloped being in your mother'swomb I have shaped your destinyfor my own purpose."In the days of Rome I createda roughneck known in history asNero; he was a vulgar characterand suited my purpose at that particular time. In these modern daysa classic demon and efficient supercriminal was needed, and as I knowthe Hohenzollern blood, I picked youas my special instrument to placeon earth an annex to hell. I gaveyou abnormal ambition, likewise anover supply of egotism -that youmight not discover your own failings; I twisted your mind to that ofa mad man with certain normaltendencies to carry you by, a mostdangerous character placed in power; I gave you the power of a hypnotist and a certain magnetic forcethat you might sway your people. Ijam responsible for the deformed armthat hangs helpless on your left, foryour crippled condition embittersyour Hfe and destroys all noble impulses that might otherwise causeme anxiety, but your strong swordarm is driven by your ambition thatsquelches all sentiment and piety; Ipledged in your soul a deep hatredfor all things English, for of all nations on earth I hate England most;wherever England plants her flagshe brings order out of chaos andthe hated Cross follows the UnionJack; under her rule wild tribes become tillers of the soil and in duetime practical citizens; she is theigreat civilizer of the globe and IHATE HER. I planted in your soula cruel hatred for your mother because SHE was English and left mygood friend Bismack to fan the flameI have kindled. Recent historyproves how well our work was done.It broke your royal mother's heart,but I gained my purpose."The inherited disease of the Hoh-enzollerns killed your father, just asit will kill you, and you became the jruler of Germany and a tool of minesooner than I expected."To assist you and further hastenmy work I sent you three evil spir"I have strolled over the battlefields of Belgium and France. I haveseen your hand of destruction everywhere; it's all your work, superfiend that I have made you. I haveseen the fields of Poland, now a wifrderness fit for prowling beasts only;no merry children in Poland now;they are succumbed to frost andstarvation I drifted down intoGalacia where formerly Jews andGentiles lived happily together; Ifound but ruins and ashes; I felt acurious pride in my pupil for it wasall above my expectation. I was inBelgium when you drove the peaceful population before you like cattleinto slavery; you separated man andwife and forced them to hard laborin trenches. I have seen the mostfiendish rape committed on youngwomen and those who were forcedinto maternity were cursing the father of their offspring and I beganto doubt if my own inferno was really up to date."You have taken millions of dollars from innocent victims and called indemnity; you have lived faton the land you usurped and sentthe real owners away to starvation.You have strayed away from all legalized war methods and Introduceda code of your own. You have killed and robbed the people of friendlynations and destroyed their property. You are a liar, a hypocriteand a bluffer of the highest magnitude. You are a part of mine andyet you pose as a personal friend ofGod. Ah. Wilhelm, you are a wonder. You wantonly destroyed allthings in your path and" leave nothing for coming generations."I was amazed when I saw youform a partnership with the impossible Turk, the chronic killer ofChristians, and you a devout worshipper in the Lutheran church. Iconfess, Wilhelm, you are a puzzleat times. A Mohammedan armycommanded by German officers, assisting one another in massacremgChristians is a rtew line of warfare.When a Prussian officer can witnessa nude woman being disembowledby a swarthy Turk, committing adouble murder by one cut of hissaber, and calmly stand by and seea house full of innocent Armenianslocked up, the house saturated withoil and fired, then my teachings didnot stop with you, but have beenextended to the whole German nation. I confess my satanic soul grewsick and there and then I knew thepupil had become the master. I ama back number, and, my dear Wilhelm, I abdicate in your favor. Thegreat key of hell will be turnedover to you. The gaval that hasstruck the doom of damned soulssince time began is yours. I am satisfied with what I have done; thatmy abdication in your favor is forthe best interests of hell in the future I am at you majesty's service.Affectionately and sincerely,"LUCIFER H. SATAN."m mB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsi m mEIRE DESTROYS HOME.?Fire resulting from an overheatedstove destroyed the residence ofJohn Haley, in Winchester, Saturday morning. The fire gained suchheadway before fire department arrived that it was impossible to saveany part of it. The members of thefamily were driven from the burning home into the extreme cold andwere taken to the homes of neighbors for shelter. Firemen weregreatly handicapped by the zeroweather. There was no insuranceon the home.J91 WB HiFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.1 191CLEVELAND -VISITED BY DESTRUCTIVE CONFLAGRATION.Fire of unknown, origin destroyedthe five-story brick building occupi-..ed by the Shields, Wertheim Cigar .Company, at Cleveland, O., with an.estimated loss of $125,000. With'the thermometer registering- 5 degrees below zero and a fif ty-mile-an-1hour wind, firemen were hamperedin their efforts to jlght the fire. Several of the water pipes were frozen,making it necessary for firemen torun their hose lines several blocksto reach the blaze.ita m jteBOURBON TO ASK FOR STATEAIDBy the terms of a" resolutionadopted by the Bourbon FiscalCourt It was decided to ask theState Road Fund for an allowanceof $20,000, which will be supple-jmented by a like amount by thecounty, for the reconstruction of theParis and Lexington pike, fromiParis to the Fayette county -Jine.iBIGJANUARY -CLEARANCESALENOW GOING ONBig Bargainson Remnants. of All KindsFRANK & CO.ALL ROAD ENGINEERS WANTED, J AT STATE CONVENTION.-fo the Editor of BOURBON NEWS:We wish .you would give all the' publicity possible to the Road Engineers Convention, which will beheld in -the City of Newport, Ky.,. February 1Z. 14, and 15. Kindlystate that both tlje cities of Newport" and Covington will do everything intheir power to make this conventionS the best convention ever held in theState; also to see that the delegateshre comfortable places to stay. An.elegant program and splendid entertainment for the evenings has beenarranged. Make it impressive thateveryone of the road engineers andtkeir friends are invited to be pres'jsnfatthis convention.- " Yours very truly,, E. T: McRINEY,".Secretary-Manager, Newport Civic' and Industrial Association.-m i m; APPELLATE COURT DECISION.la the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, an agreement was en--tet:e44tOvby which, in the case ofttolu k. Nv R. R. vs. Briggs, fromwC Bourbon. Circuit Court, a suit"JUriaMftfifl. aealed,' the appellant-gtimfrm. til May 1. 1118. to filetrcrt of m ,r$ord, 'THE FAYETTE WAREHOUSEGOES "OVER THE TOP"its, Nietzsche, Treitschke and laterBernhardt, whise teachings inflamedthe youth of Germany, who in goodtime would be willing and loyalsubjects and eager to . spill theirblood and pull your chestnuts, yoursand. mine; the spell has been perfect you cast your ambitious eyestoward the Mediterranean, Egypt,India and the Dardanelles and youbegan your great railway to Bagdad,but the ambitious archduke and hismore ambitious wife stood in yourway. It was then that I sowed tneseed in your heart that blossomed.into the assassination of the dukeand his wife, and all . hell smiledwhen it saw how cleverly you saddled the crime on to Servia. I sawyou set sail for the fjords of Norway and I knew you would prove analibi. How cleverly done, so muchlike your noble grandfather, whoalso secured an assassination to remove old King Frederick, of Denmark, and later robbed the countryof two provinces that gave Germanyan opportunity to become' a navalpower. Murder is dirty work, butit takes jl Hohenzollern to makeaway and get by."Your opportunity was at hand;you set the world on fire and bells"of hell were ringing; your rape onBelgium caused much joy, it was thebeginning, the foundation of a per- jfeet hell on earth; the destruction ornoble cathedrals and other infiniteworks of art was hailed with joy inthe infernal regious. You made waron friends and foe alike and themurder of civilians showed myteachings had borne fruit. Yourtreachery toward neutral nationshastened a . universal upheaval,the thing I most desired. Your undersea warfare is a master stroke;from the smallest mackerel pot tothe great Lusitania you showed nofavorites; as a war lord you standsupreme, for you have no mercy;you have no consideration for thebaby clinging to its mother's breastas they both "go donw into the deegJRead the records of our sales. They are not only enlighten-uig, uui umuai.w1 tf.4kfLast Week's SalesAt the Fayette .... 808,035 lbs. $230,291.87 Ave. $28.50 The RecordThe Balance of the Market . 2,762,590 lbs. $741,565.71 Ave. $26.84Season's SalesAt the Fayette .... 1,949,880 lbs. $548,629.20 Ave. $28.14 The RecordThe Balance of the Market . 7,999,140 lbs.$2,l 73,384.32 Ave. $27.17High Break for the Season The Fayette, December 3, 103,010 lbs. Ave. $33.30The Record.High Floor last week the Fayette, Jan. 9, 108,995 lbs. Ave. $31.61 The RecordHigh Crop Average for the Season, the Fayette, Ferguson & Brommel, 7,390 lbs.$43.11 The RecordHigh Basket for the Season, The Fayette, Ferguson & Brommel, $63.00 TheRecord"These results have been attained not by accident, but through thepainstaking, earnest and efficient efforts of each and every loyal memberof an organization, whose chief aim is to give the host possible service toplanter and buyer alike. 'Fayette Tobacco Warehouse Company" (Incorporated)"TRY ; TO GET IN99. -- ,-"4i44n'Jl '-A -rfHk y" iJs?!S !-- -,- f-.fL:.'TUESDAY, JANUARY IB, liltTHE BOURBON NEWS, P XJHS, KY,--;&rfl0sydFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE-BONDS !Both issues of Liberty Bonds are nowready for delivery,PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.4dec-tf)m m mSUITERS FRACTURED ARMWhile on her way home fromschool Friday afternoon, Miss Soula,Davis, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M.H. H. Davis, slipped and fell on theicy pavement, fracturing her leftarm. She was removed to her homeon High street, where the brokenbones were set and the patientmade comfortable.m 1 I ,BASKET BALL GAMESSOCUL AND PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The boys and girls' basketballteams of the Paris High School visited Cynthiana, Friday night andtried conclusions with the teams ofthe Cynthiana High School. Thegirls' team triumphed over the Cynthiana team, while the Paris boyswent down in defeat. The trip backto Paris was made by the teams under the most discouraging conditions, due to the extreme cold andthe high wind. They did not reachParis until an early hour Saturdaymorning.& m mTOPROVIDE ADEQUATE QUARTERS TOR POLICE.Plans are being considered by theCity Council for providing adequateand proper headquarters for theParis police, where they may befound both off or on duty. A committee has been appointed to ascertain the cost of fitting up quartersin the rear of the fire departmentand to make a report of their investigations at the next meeting of theCouncil.This is a move in the right direction, and one that will meet withapproval of all as it is somethingthat has long been needed in Paris.EYES BURNED IN EXPLOSION OFFUSEE.While engaged in making repairsto an engine in the South Yards ofthe Louisville & Nashville, Saturday, Clarence Wills, car inspector,was badly burned, about the face byhot grease.Wills was working on a "fusee"on the engine, Vhen it exploded,throwing scalding hot grease in hisface, seriously injuring the sight ofone ey and burned him about theface and neck. The injured manwas given prompt medical attentionand taken to his home.mmivVIOHNCELLO CONCERT AT THEPARIS HIGH SCHOOLTHURSDAYMusic lovers of Paris will be givena treat Thursday evening, January17, at eight o'clock, when Mme,Kathe Pieczonka, noted, Europeanartist, will give a violincello concertin the auditorium. Mme.Pieczonkawill be assisted by Miss ElizabethCrutcher, of Paris, who will be heraccompanist at the piano.Mme. Kaethe Pieczonka is withoutdoubt the finest concert cellist inAmerica to-day. She is a pupil ofPiatti, the greatest cellist the worldhas ever known, and also a graduateof the Leipsic Conservatory underProfessor J. Klengel, with whom shestudied six years.Admission -will be 35 cents foradults; children, 15 centsv Ticketsare on sale at the Paris Book Company's store and the the Paris HighSchool.DOROTHY DALTON IN "THEPRICE MARK" TO-MORROW.Dorothy Dalton will be seen in"The Price Mark" at the AlamoTheatre and Grand Opera House 'tomorrow (Wednesday) afternoon andevening. This will be the first photoplay in which Thomas H. Ince willintroduce his beautiful -and giftedyoung screen star to Paramount patrons. Miss -Dalton has achieved a marked prominence in the film world byreason of the wide scope of herartistry. It apparently makes nodifference whether she is -called uponto portray a light, frivolous role orenact an episode of thrilling Intensity. She invariablye achieves the dersired result in either instance andwitkqual brilliance. Her recentstellar appearance in "The Flame ofthe Yukon" stamped her as an actre of tremendous power, and inJok B. -Ritchie's story of New YorktiUk) life as revealed in "The Price-SiMJC'-' tros of P,aramouat thea-i will witmw amotner great," . - -?&&&-Misses Marie and Mattie LeeScott, and Edna Huffman, of Covington, are guests of relatives andfriends in Paris.Mrs. Ollie Lykins and littlegrandson, of Revenna, Ky., areguests of her parents, Dr. and Mr3.B. F. McClure, at Little Rock.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, ofParis, was a guest recently at an informal party given by Mr. Win.Wade, at his home near Versailles.Miss Carolyn Roseberry has returned from a visit of several daysto Mrs. Peter G. Powell, at herhome on Market street, in Lexington. Mrs. Boone Chanslor and littledaughter, Nancy, of Little Rock,will leave January 20 for Jacksonville, Florida, to remain during thewinter.Miss Lollie Terrill, who has beena patient in a Lexington hospitalfor several weeks, is now convalescent, and will be able to return homesoon.Misses Winnie and Lutie Williams have taken rooms at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,on Pleasant street, for the remainder of the winter.Mr. Clark-Patterson, formerlyof North Middletown, and now connected with the Chemical NationalBank, in New York City, was a business visitor in Paris last Friday.Miss Irene Bramblett has returned to her school duties at theschool duties at the Kentucky College for Women, in Danville, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.L. It. Bramblett.Miss Alice Snapp and familywill move to-day from the home theyhave been occupying in White Addition to the cottage on HoustonAvenue, recently purchased by Mr.Dennis V. Snapp.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann are guests of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, inLexington., Their little daughter,Naomi, who has been very ill, issomewhat improved.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone left yesterday for a visit to her son, Mr. Geo.("Tommy") Frakes, and her daughter, Mrs. Lee Starke, in Louisville.From there Mrs. Stone will go toCleveland, Ohio, to visit her son, Mr.Jos. Q. Frakes."Among those present" at thereception and dance given in Patterson Hall, at State University, Saturday evening by the members of theKappa Delta fraternity were Mis3Marie Collins, and 'Messrs. JohnPrice, Thornton Connell and JohnEldridge, of Paris.Miss Hattie Hughes, formerlythe popular and efficient chief operator at the Home Telephone Co.'slocal exchange, and later a memberof the clerical force at the KressCo.'s store, has taken a position inthe office of Dr. W. R. Franklin, optometrist. Mr. C. O. Hinton and littledaughter, of Paris, are both ilFat theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. Mrs. Hinton is with them. Mr.Hinton ,who is engaged in Y. M. C.A. work at Camp Zachary Taylor,came up to see his sick child, andwas taken ill while there.Miss Jennie James, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. William James, ofParis, has resigned her position asstenographer with the J. D. Purcellvisit with relatives in Paris, Missvisit wit hrelatives in Paris, MissJames will go to Munson, Fldrida,to visit her uncle, Mr. - Wm. Maddox. (Other Personals on Page 3)GOOD WORDS FOR NEW MEMBER?. H. S. FACULTY.MAYOR JANUARY APPOINTSNEW STANDING COMMITTEESOne of the most important dutiesof the new city administration or afirst-meeting duty, is the appointment of standing committees to takecharge of matters pertaining to thecity's interest. In accordance withthis procedure Mayor January hasmade the following selections fromthe Board of Council. The firstnamed on each committee will bechairman:Finance Doyle, Arkle, Kiser.;Building Arkle, Christman, Nichols; Police Merringer-, Arkle, Nichols; Light Kiser, Merringer,Veatch; Sanitary Christman,Doyle, Veatch; Grievance Nichols,Kiser, Doyle; Improvement January, Merringer, Arkle, Christman;.Pardon Board January, Arkle,Christman.m m mSUFFERS PARALYTIC STROKEWhile engaged in the performanceof household duties at her home onHigh street, Saturday, Mrs. FloraTucker Collins, wife of Mr. HoraceCollins, the Main street clothier,suffered a partial stroke of paralysis,her entire left side being affected.Her physicians do not apprehendany serious consequences, unlesscomplications set in. YesterdayMrs. Collins was reported as beingabout the same.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTIt is said that in China sharperssplit silver dollars in half and remoye the silver from "the middle sothat the dollars when 'put togetheragain actually are not worth morethan a half-dollar. In Paris, Ky.,and other places, as well, the samething is done to the customer's dollar by aa inflated price upon sugar,and the imnter'hakiT perfectly, goodfoliar after tlUMwatiom. it'.The Maysville .Daily Independentpays the following tribute to Prof.Clarke, of that city, who was recently elected a member of the ParisHigh School in the English Department, to succeed Mrs. E. T. Proctor:"Word was received here that Mr.F. Wadsworth Clarke, son of Mrand Mrs. Frank H. Clarke, of thiscity, had been elected to the chair ofEnglish in the Paris (Ky.) HighSchool at -a splendid salary."Mr. Clarke will assume his newduties in thfe very near future, andin his leaving Maysville the cityloses his valuable assistance in thecampaign made necessary by thewar, in which he has proven sovery efficient in the past. As assistant secretary of the Mason CountyChapter of the American Red Cross,Mr. Clarke has been one of the mostactive men in the campaign, andthe great success of the recent campaign is due in no small degree tohis interest and activities."He has proven a great assistanceto the Chamber of Commerce, andis a real live wire, such as a cityregrets to lose."Mr. .Clarke is well qualified forthe position to which he has beenelected. He is a graduate of Harvard University and has had considerable experience in teaching."Maysville will Hose heavily andregrets exceedingly giving up such aman, but all of his many friend3wish him much success in his newposition."TO OUR PATRONS.The extraordinary weather conditions have seriously interfered withthe mails, telephone and telegraphservice, and with all kinds of delivery service. This has been true especially in the newspaper business.THE NEWS now has the best carrier force it has had for many years,boys who make every effort to servetheir patrons promptly and faithfully. In weather like this theymay occasionally miss a paper, butwe have few complaints. These fewlines will explain to our subscribersany shortcomings in the delivery ofTHE NEWS or in our news columns.UNION SERVICES.In order to comply with the request of x the Government Fuel Administration "for the purpose of conserving fuel and lights the variousProtestant churches of Paris haveagreed to hold union services onSunday nights. The first servicewas held - in the Christian churchSunday evening. Rev. G. R. Combs,pastor of the Methodist church, delivered the sermon.The furnace of the Methodistchurch, which has been out of commission for some time, has been repaired, and the house made comfortable for services in the future.The churches will hold their regularmorning services as usual.r.:DAUGHERTYBROS.Fifth and MainParis, Ky.11KodaksandVictrolas'&"DAUGHERTYBROS.Fifth ami MainParis, Ky.ifcSuraygSIMON'S JANUARYCLEARANCE SALENow Going On!Radical Reductions in All Departments!Suits and Coats at HalfPrice$20.00 values now.$25.00 values now.$35.00 values now.$35.00 values now.$45.00 values now.$50.00 values now.$10.0012.5015.001 7.5022.5025.00Women's Silk and SergeDresses at Half Price$20.00 values now.$15.00 values now.$30.00 -values now.$35.00 values now.$45.00 values now.$50.00 values now-$10.00. 1 2.501 5,00. 1 7.50. 22.50. 25.00White GoodsLong Cloth in 10-yard Bolts Regular, $2.00 values, now $ 1 .59 per boltLong Cloth in 10-yard bolts, regular $2.50 values, now $ 1 .98 per boltAll Other White Goods at Extremely Low Prices.Complete Clearance ofBeautiful MillineryAT LESS THAN HALF$5.00 Hats now $2.50$7.50 Hats now.. 3,75$10.00 Hats now 5.00$15.00 Hats now 7,50Prices on Furs Are Cutin Half$5.00 values now .....$ 2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15.00 values now 7.50$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00-values now 1 2,50$80.00 values now 1 5.00THIS SALE IS STRICTLY FOR CASHNo Goods Charged No Telephone OrdersHARRY SIMON.- SaK-;?- if'SEE OURvSOUTH WINDOWit ju&sfcsap." ?4- - N-FOR SOMEBig..-- 4-JanuaryBargains!THEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING!CITHCRPHQNC1 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.4r-&-fa-..xv.vr?- "--...-.-;- -.- :' K,JS-: . ;- "- J j , -t:'l. ftTUESDAJ, JANUARY 15, 11 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SIT-' ri-- it.li- Jtliry!J-a'r-lrOKAH'S SUFFRAGE WINS INv THE HOUSE.WASHINGTON, Jan. 14. Wo-'"man's suffrage by Federal constitutional amendment won in the Houselast night with exactly the numberof affirmative votes required.The House adopted by a vote of274 to 136 a resolution providing forsubmission to the States of the socalled Susan B. Anthonv amendment for national enfranchisement.of women:"The resolution as adopted follows: ' -"Joint resolution proposing anamendment to the constitution ofthe United States extending theright of suffrage to women.'Resolved by the Senate andHouse, et cetera, two-thirds ofeach house concuring therein, thatt the following article be proposedto the Legislatures of' the several' States as an amendment to theconstitution of the United States,-which", when ratified by three" fourths of said legislatures, shallbe valid as part' of said constitu-tion, namely:"Article Section 1. The rightof citizens of- the United Statesto vote shall not be denied orabridged by the United States orby any State on account of sex. ""Section 2 Congress shall havepower, by appropriate legislation,to enforce the provisions of thisarticle."But for the promise - of Speaker"Clark to cast his vote from the Chair- for the resolution if it was needed,the change of a single vote to theopposition would have meant defeat.Republican i Leader Mann, whocame from a Baltimore hospital,-where he had been under treatmentsince Congress convened, and Representative Sims, of Tennessee, justout of a sick bed and hardly able towalk to his seat, brought the voteswhich settled the issue.The House hardly had adjourned"before the suffrage champions began their fight for favorable actionon the Senate side of the capital.Recent polls here have indicatedthat the necessary two-thirds votecould not be mustered, but encouraged by the House victory andcounting upon the influence ofPresident Wilson, who came to theirsupport last night, the suffragistsliope to bring the Senate into line,so as to have, the amendment beforeState legislatures during the comingyear. They feel sure at least, offorcing a vote in the Senate beforethe present session ends.Advocates of the amendment had"been supremely confident of the result in the House after President"Wilson advised the members whoymer.takeHoa&pte? & LegsiSBP'JjPSaAfe kat s E0d cotterC Jl2R:5'.iS3K'DTr;- . ou cuinretHBXV kot?acnPlpPfIs tho cnlj rcmedx ever put up that Isf-'.aractoe'I to enronnd r?veat hog cho'pra.It doea the work better than any other known remedy, or itTTOuldxiotbooIi onBtrorg emranttf.'(till fenV'lINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyiToThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.Kcalled upon him last night to support it. They were so confidentthat the close vote was receivedwith amazement and some of the .opponents were almost as much surprised. When the first roll call was finished unofficial counts put the result in doubt, and before the Speakercould make an announcement therewas a demand for a recapitulation.Then the name of , each member, andthe wav it was recorded, was read.Announcement of the vote waagreeted with wild applause andcheering. Women in the galleriesliterally fell upon each other'3necks, kissing and embracing, andshouting, "Glory, Glory, Hallelujah." Eevery attempt made to amend itslanguage was beaten. Representative Gard, of Ohio, tried unsuccessfully toput on il the same limitation carried by the resolution forthe prohibition constitutionalamendment, that it must be ratifiedby the States within seven yearsfrom the date of its submission.Representative Moores, of Indiana,sought to have a referendum ofspecial convention in each State required. The Gard amendment wasrejected 159 to 246 and the Mooresamendment 131. to 272.When the final vote came on theresplution Representative Austin, ofTennessee, challenged the vote -ofRepresentative Dominick, of SouthCarolina, who appeared late in theroll call and said he had not heardhis name called. Mr. Dominick toldthe Speaker he was in the hall andlistened and did not hear his namecalled. His vote was then recorded.The Speaker watched the " vote,prepared to cast his own into thebreach if necessary. "One morenegative vote," he explained aftervards as he chuckled over the victory, "would have changed the situation and the amendment resolution would have lost, in which eventJ would have directed the Clerk tocall my name, and that would havebeen just sufilcient to carry it."Of the total membership of 435there were 410 members who voted.Their line-ups follow:For the Resolution Democrats104; Republicans, 165; Miscellaneous, 5. Total, 274.Ajra-inat the Resolution Democrats, 102; Republicans, 33; Progressive, 1. Total, 136.HOW KENTUCKY VOTED.WASHINGTON, Jan. 14. Kentucky .Representatives voted on theresolution as follows:For the Resolution Barkley, Cantrill, Field, Johnson, Thomas, Langley, Powers.Against the Resolution Kincheloe, Sherley, Rouse, Helm.QUJUS&fSTEED CUREhere's a remedy for hoff choleraISO!i ' Irfrnl fjnnrantea Bond." HOWchances aealnst hoz cholera fStxrfclAaraftSthis remedy on eu-!. rc-rins? vaavissii oCtKrEs - FS Teemed?Ijoart, SLU", wucb .w. At au. urussiauuBOURBON REMHDY COKPsWi. Lexineton. Ky.THE(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYjfi ''N EXT SALEday, JanACID IN STOMACHSOUR T&E FOOD AND .CAUSE INDIGESTION"Pape's Diapepsin" Fixes Sour,Grassy, Upset Stomachs inFive Minutes.You don't know what upset yourstomach which portion of the fooddid the damage-r-dp you? Well,don't bother. If your stomach is ina revolt; if sick, gassy and upset,and what you just ate has fermentedand turned sour; head dizzy andaches; belch gases and acids andeructate undigested food; breathfoul; tongue coated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin to neutralizeacidity and in five minutes you wonder what became became of the indigestion and distress.MillionF of men and women today know that it is needless -to havedyspepsia. A little Diapep3in occasionallykeeps the stomach sweetened, and they eat their favorite foodswithout fear.If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless antacid isPape's Diapepsjn, which costs onlyfifty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful itstops food souring and sets thingsstraight, so gently and easily that itis really astonishing. Your stomach will digest your meals if youkeep acid neutralized. " (adv)Hi hA TOUCHING TRIBUTE TO LITTLE CHILDREN.Writing to the Cynthiana Democrat from the Masonic Widows' andOrphans' Home at Louisville, EllaMinor Hitch, pays the followingbeautiful tribute to the children ofthe Home, orphans of deceasedMasons throughout the State:"Those wishing for an old-fashionedwinter, when sleighing andskating could be enjoyed, have gotten their wish, and then some. Buthow about those whose clothing isinsufficient to keep out the wintryblasts, fuel almost unattinableandlarder empty? We look upon thoselittle tots here, from three to fiveyears old, healthy and well-fed, suchloving little creatures. Mary andRuth Ritchie, of Paris, aged threoand five, respectively, are such dearlittle ones. We pet them and lovethem every chance. Sometimes thelittle one cries when we have tosay, by-by, but soon, they are playing again. We are glad the tearsdown childhood's cheeks that floware like the dewdrops on the rosewhen next the summer breeze comesby it shakes the bush, the flower isdry. We wish all little folks, as wellas older ones, tsould be as well.-fj3and warmed as these- are here.-S.15thWOMEN OFSEDEHTEBY HABITSWomen who ge, little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and will findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very much.better than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.They are easy and nleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlttolay. Come In and look thim over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleedlnj? and Jtching files.It absorbs the tumors, allays itcbJriff at once,acts as aponltice, gives instant relief.For sale by an druggists, mail SOc and 11.00.WUJJAMS WG.C0.,froM.,aeve!Md, OffeOBERDORFER, The Druggist.ill "" -ita-MO"- :pf1 v 1&mmmvMwww&wV;WzwwwwwMThe BourbonVTobaeco Warehouse Co.Leads in-IiI Airirj Next Sale at Bourbon House JP-DAY iMIilRY 15 JI AT 9 A. M. wfiIBoorbonTobacco WarebouseCo.1I J .. J. T.TCOLLINS, Manager. . R JMSJBHBBBHHBHHSHMBJHBJHHBNBJVBBMBBBHBMIBJBig Sale Now Going OnCOME INLadies' Suits$12.50 UpAll Sizes.XSerge and Silk Dresses From, $6.50 Up. AH Sizes.Ladies9 Hats98c UpChildren's Coats$2.00 UpMany Pretty Blouses, Sizes from38 to 54$4.50 AND UPIn Hand-Embroidered and Beaded Styles.WE GIVE THEtwin Bros. Department StoreStvettti) ana main $t$.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY- CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692v(Incorporated)AveragesTotal Sales to Date 629,500 PoundsFor . . . . . $183,016.47. $29.07and Coats fromBLUE STAMPSPari$, tynfncKymay both -derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, whhVthe pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, mustk surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Obtained !-T, ..'. p Ii. f"CK-t(I&oorMzatti.)PARIS,! .KENTUCKYif " Si ' jf -rf-fc ft. , . .. J4Jwiae&aff&9HMTUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1918U. S. GOVERNMENT WAR-SAVING STAMPSIn offering "War-Savings Stamps" to the public the United States Government has made immediately available for every man, woman, and chidin the Country a profitable, simple, and secure investment.What They Are. War-Savings Stamps are the answer of a greatdemocracy to the demand for a democratic form of government security.They are "little baby bonds." Like Liberty Bonds, they hzrve behind themthe entire resources of the Government of the United States. They havethe additional advantage that they steadily increase in value from the dateof purchase until the date of maturity, and this increase is guaranteed bythe Government. These stamps are issued in two denominations, the 25cent stamp and the $5 stamp.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY. v - ..'-' T4- -uSI -, 7afaMost&ecwtifid(&rinbnerica ' ' ' '", ' u'JFor the convenience of investors a "Thrift Card" is furnished to all-. purchasers of 25-cent stamps. This card has spaces for 16 stamps. Whenall the spaces have been filled the Thrift Card may be exchanged for a $5stamp at post offices, banks, or other authorised agencies by adding 12 centsin cash prior to February 1, 1918, and 1 cent additional each month thereafter. 'Those who prefer may buy a $5 stamp outright. These will be onsale from December 3, 1917, until January 31, 1918, for $4.12. Theyautomatically increase in value a cent a month every month thereafteruntil January 1, 1923, when the United States will pay $5 at any post officeor at the Treasury in Washington for each stamp affixed to a War-SavingsCertificate.When you purchase a $5 stamp, you must attach it to an engravedfolder known as a "War-Savings Certificate" which bears the name of thepurchaser and can be cashed only by the person whose name appears uponthe certificate, except in case of death or disability. This certificate contains 20 spaces. If all are filled with War-Savings Stamps between December 3, 1917, and January 31, 1918, the cost to the purchaser will be $82.40,and on January 1,1923 the Government will pay the owner of the certificate$100 a net profit to the holder of 17.60. This is based on an interest rateof 4 per cent compounded quarterly from January 2, 1918. The amountof War-Savings Stamps sold to any one person at any one time shall notexceed $100 (maturity value), and no person may hold such stamps orWar-Savings Certificates to an aggregate amount exceeding $1&000 (maturity value). ""If the holder of a War-Savings Certificate finds it necessary to realizecash on it before maturity, he may at any time after January 2, 1918,giving 10 days' written notice to any money-order post office, receive foreach stamp affixed to his certificate the amount paid therefor plus 1 centfor each calendar month after the month of purchase of each stamp. A'registered certificate may be redeemed however, only at the post office whereregistered.In other words, the plan is simple, straightforward, and certain. Theholder of the certificate can not lose and is certain to gain. He is buying thesafest security in the world in the most convenient form in which the security of a great Government has ever been offered to its people.Why You Should Buy Them. The main reason for the purchase ofWar-Savings Stamps is because your country is at war. Your Country needsevery penny which every man, woman, and child can save and lend, in orderto feed, clothe) arm, and equip the soldiers and sailors of America and to winthis righteous war in defense of American honor and the cause of democracythroughout the world.If we are to win the war, we must win it as a united people. The savings of every man, woman, and child are necessary if we are to hasten thevictorious ending of ttie war. War Savers are LifeSavers.A single strand in the cables which uphold the great Brooklyn Suspension Bridge is not very strong, but thousands of these strands boundtogether uphold one of the great thoroughfares of the world.When our fathers and sons and brothers were called by our Country totake up arms in her defense, you did not hear an individual soldier refuseto serve because his service alone would not win the war. Each man wasready to do his part. The great army thus formed is going forward toface the fire of battle andto risk everything for the safety and security ofour homes and our families, and for the very existence of our Country.These are the men for whom you are asked to save and lend your dollars. A Country worth fighting for is a Country worth saving for.To save -money is to save life.Buy War-Savings- Stamps at post offices, banks, trust companies, orother authorized agencies, and strike a blow for our Country.NOW IS THE TIMETO FIGURE IONSpring PaintingANDPapering!CALL US70VER - '"XHome Phone 399- fKAINE BROS.1.j.sr?-a.-W. DAVIS4UNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299,Corner Fifth and Pleasant Stretts Pjirls, Ky. ."V13 SJ ; n:ill '' - Era xi.naUWtfWHi1illTHOUGH the Paige Essex "Six'55" is a large car, it isalso an economical car a thoroughly practical vehicle, for the man who wishes to avoid excessive "upke'ep'witnouu sacrincmg luxurious comtort ana a vast range orpowert In brief it offers every advantage of the very high priced; highpowered touring car and none of the disadvantages. It. is a superb motor car an artistic achievement and amechanical masterpiece.Essex "Six-55 7-passenger SI 775; Coupe "Stx-55 4-passenaer $2850: TowrvCar "Six-55" 7-passenger$3230r Limousme"SIx-5S 7-:passenec $3230; SedarErSbr-55T 7-passenger $285QBrookIands4-passenger$1795"; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passer:ger $1330; Grenoble i-39 Chummy Roadster $ 3 30: Dartmoor"SLk-39" 2 or 3-passenger $1330; Ssdaix "Sfx-39 f-passengcr $192fv All Prices f. o. b. Detroit.PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICHIGAN'P .-' - r. p. white x -J , -, '-' ,pjSMi ' With Dickerson & Doujrlaa Qarase, 4tli and Hljjh Sta., Peirlo - wj iif''mmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmmmPRICES ON MILL FEED UNDERNEW SCHEDULE.Taking bran, for the basis for fixing prices on mill feeds, the following orders, as promulgated by theNational Food Administration, havebeen received here and have beenput into effect by the local millingfirms, the Paris Milling Companyand E. F. Spears & Sons.The bulk price in carload lots atthe mills shall not exceed thirty -eightper cent, of the average costof a ton of wheat at the mill. Thecost of wheat shall be the averagecost as shown by the millers' previous month's record, and shall .include the one per cent, administration fee paid by the mills on allwheat ground.Prices established for other wheatmill feeds are as follows:Mixed feeds, ?4.00 per ton abovebran: Shorts or standard middlings,$2.00 per ton above bran; Flour middlings, $9.00 per ton above bran;Red dog, $15.00 per ton above bran.These prices and percentages aresubject to change, but no revisionwill be made without thirty days'notice.Where the average price of wheatto the mill is $2.08, the price ofbran from the miller cannot be morethan $26.35 per ton." Where the average price of wheat to the mill isT$2.20, the price of bran from themiller cannot be more thari $27.87per ton. The above nrices apply tobulk feeds. 'When sacked the actual cost of the containers may beadded to the selling price:nv mTHE GIST OP IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickIn bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, aslt any one who has used it.Obtainable everywhere.1 9 ft"GOD SELECTED KAISER TO WINWAR," SAYS PREACHER.Paul Braden, of Windsor, a manof draft age, testified at the Federaltrial at Brattleboro, Vermont, ofRev. Charles H. Waldron, a Baptistclergyman, charged with sedition,that Waldron had advised him noto obey the President's proclama-tion,-andto resist efforts by the miliary authorities to force hinfintoySLr service even to the point of be-g shot.Sherman Ezarts, another witness.-?aid Wlaldron had told him Empero'William had been ordained by Godto win the wa. Ezarts testifiedthat the minister had said there was"ip pecasion to oppose the German72mepror.; as his acts represented.the fulfillment of the prophecy, inGreetings1918vTo Our FriendsJ "we aesire 10 extend to you tne. compliments of the season, and express oursincere wishes for your prosperity for thecoming year, with a continuance of thecordial relations existing between us.sTwin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky. We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsOne German submarine commander has secured a decorationtrom the Kaiser as the result of being a good teller of sea tales.19 MState of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss. . JFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doingbusinessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforeseaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED-DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theiiseof HALL'S CATARRH MEDI-CINE. jFRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscrib-ied in my presence, this 6th day ofjDecember, A. D., 18 8 G.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal)- Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous Surfaces" of the systern. Send for testimonials, free.F. J: CHENEY" & CO.,T'nledo. Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c. yHall's Family 'Pills for constina'-lThe" Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Prop.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfactionW"ichworris OirWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,:.Paris Kntnky.Ut.y.j.the 'world. --- indy-jan)v-feV?rvr... v Revelations rastxrWnsr the- onrl .of... . -V-Tj ujf-y-st-"' -fc:PPBDAY, JAlTOUtT: If, lfllHACKS HEOTTTHE BQUEBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.- ,U411'4ll1'illlMlMl,4Mt,IlI,lMIMMIMlMMIlnIIJMJ;lil.4.c?u? THE SARIS GRAND AND ALAMO-Kl -;- 3 r-u'.V.J- - .... i J- :-1 J -1 -, -,- !i -: ;:.-.Si. I14-'r---i- (I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky..f'-! . 5". ,--Sfltr.'Mainand SlcthStrec tsDay phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse.used for funeral purposes only.Tuesday, January 15thGoldwyn FeaturesMISS JANE COWL'IN''The Spreading Dawn'From the Famous Saturday Evening PostStory by Basil King.Wm. Duncan and Carol HollowayIn Fourth Episode of"Vengeance and the Woman"Wednesday, January 16thv Thos. H. Ince PresentsDOROTHY DALTONIN"The Price Mark"From the Story by John B. Kitchie.ALSOBray's Pictographsand Cartoons;also Kfever KomedySaturday, January I7ATriangle PresentsDOROTHY DALTONin big feature"THE TEN OF DIAMONDS"66Komic Players mFALLEN STAR"Trianged ComedyChas.Murray and Louise FazendaKeystone Comedy"BETRAYAL OF MAGGIE'?in two parts.PricesAt the Alamor-Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc: Adult 18c war tax 2c.-war tax lc; Acquits 10c- war tax lc.ORCHESTRAColored persons, Children 5c-AlamoParis Grand....2 to St307 to 10i30SALE-OF WAR SAVINGSORGANIZED.STAMPSlM'l'iit4''H'M"H'5"?!-?&?&.mDEATHS.tock, Claude M. Thomas, DouglasToas, Dr. John W. Jameson, -J,W. Bacon and Edward Gorey.c-7: " HUTCHCRAFT.- .. Mr. J. Perry Hutchcraft, aged'fifty-eight, died at 9:30 o'clock yes-"terday morning at his home in EastParis, after a long illness of a complication of diseases. Mr. Hutch3liad long been a sufferer from cancerwhich, complicated with other phys---" ical ailments, resulted in his death.4 Mr. Hutchcraft was a son -of the, late R. "W. Hutchcraft, of Paris, whofiioved to Colorado years ago, where, lie became prominent in legal circles, having been elected CountyJudge of the county in which he resided. His mother, Mrs. Sue Croxton Hutchcraft, was a sister of Gen.John B. Croxton, of Paris, who wasTJ.-S. Minister to Brazil.' Mr. Hutchcraft was a native of'Paris, where he had been in business in various capacities for manyyears. He was prominent in Repub-Ucan politics, having taken part inall the party's campaigns. He wasin the internal revenue service for?several years, as a guager and storekeeper through several administrations. Until the dismantling andcessation of business at the G. G.White distilling plant in East Paris,lie Had been on duty there. Uponretiring from the revenue serviceMr. Hutchcraft had devoted his timeto 'gardening at his place in EastParis, in which he was highly successful. ": Hr. Hutchcraft is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly MissEAST.News of the sudden death ofGeorge T. East, in Greenville, Tenn.,was received here. Mr. East, whowas connected with the R. J. Reyn-oltte--.TobaccoCompany, marriedMrs. Mary Crutcher, who was principal of the Kentucky Female Orphan School at "Midway several yearsyears ago. Prior to her -marriage,Mrs. East, in company with Mrs.Rosa Payne, formerly a member ofthe Bourbon College faculty, conducted a school in Paris. Besideshis widow, Mr. East is survived byone sister, Mrs. James Thompson, ofLexington."Pa s 9nmatrimonial:-aji V.WILLIS DRAKE.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel WoodsonWillis, of Paris, announce the engagement of their daughter, MissMargaret 'Willis, to Mr. Vaugh P.Drake, of Winchester. The marriagewill take place early in February atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Harry B.Clay, on Duncan avenue, in thiscity.Miss Willis is one of the mostcharming young women of theyounger social set in Paris, and auniversal favprite. Mr. Drake is engaged in the wholesale lumber business in Beattyville, with a branchin Winchester, where he spends afnna Tarnon, a daughter of Judge porti0n of his time.and Mrs. varnon, residents of Paris,t two sons. Cant. R. Davis Hutch--" ' - sraft, of Tampa, Fla., and , Winn-r ;- -Hutchcraft, of Paris, a student atf. ... the University of Kentucky, at Lex-i Ington, and one daughter, Miss Mary. . ' ' - Allen Hutchcraf t, cashier at Frank;- . :&'Co.'s.. ysr- The funeral will be held at the'r family -residence in East Paris, to-, - morrow morning at ten o'clock,- T-V" ". with services conducted by Rev. F.' :' - J. Cheek, of Danville. The pall---: V -bearers will be James DTROBINSON GREEN.Mr. Russell G . Green, agedtwenty-one, and Miss Fannie D.Robinson, of Nicholas county, secured license in May3ville, Saturday,"and were married in the office of theCounty Clerk by the County Judgeof Mason county.E3 m mEven the bill collector has upsanil rtnwTiR TTa has trv run a victimMcCIin- down before he will pay up.":?4?j?fCiSPMore Money From the Same FeedThat's the exps rience of every farmer who uses Avalon"Farms Hog-Tore. Tone,, a hog and he thrives better.He assimilates a bigger percentage of his food. He is not'held back in his growth by the dozens of parasites-anddisorders that are an ever present menace to his growth.Read this letter about getting more value from the samefeed.THE AVAXON FARMS COMPANY,Chicago, 111.In answer to your inquiry of my succes in feeding HogTone, will say that it has been with good success. I would-?say that it iisa great appetizer, and will also say that it isbenefieial to any hog that is not ieeding out good. A manwill get more feeding values from his feed if he will keephis hogs in good condition and I have found no better conditioner than Avalon Farms Hog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.herd of hoersLlt's only plain business sense treat everyyou raise withAVALON TARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale By4KDERY DRUG COMPANYmMAtH STREET ... PARIS, KENTUCKYMr. Silas Bedford, the popularPresident of the Peoples DepositBank & Trust Company, of Parte,has been appointed County Chairman of the War Savings StampsCommittee for Bourbon County. Theselection was made by State Director James B. Brown, of Louisville,where the State Headquarters arelocated in Columbia Building.Mr. Bedford's first act was to announce his Advisory Committee andPrecinct Chairmen, which Boardsare composed of thu following wellknown persons:County, succeeds Mrs. Parish at Clintonville, and judging from Mrs.Wiegott's record as an operator shewill be welcomed by the Clintonvillesubscribers.TMEATLESS DAYADVISORY COMMITTEE.T. A. Hendricks,Peale Collier,Bruce Miller, -SwiftChamp, . r-Wm. Remington, .H. S. Caywood, :rJ. T. Collins, J ". .-sJames McClure, "! -v -.Ed. F. Prichard, -'"Denis Dundon, 'E. B. January,Frank Kiser,G. W. Wilder,D. C.-Parrish,J. D. Caywood,J. W. Payne,B. A. Frank,A. B. Hancodk,Mrs. John Connell,Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland.;FreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge!PRECINCT CHAIRMEN.Paris N. Ford Brent.North Middletown . JohnJones.Millersburg Sanfbrd Allen.Hutchison Robert Meteer.Clintonville R. S. Darnaby.Centerville John M. Clay.Shawhan Wm. Crombie.Ruddles Mills J. Harry Holt.Flat Rock Sam Clay.VtiChairman Bedford1 is in receipt ofa copy of the following letter written by Mr. Vanderlip at Washingtonto Mr. Brown, at Louisville, whichexplains what a tremendous undertaking is the sale of thrift stamps asnow heing launched :(COPY)Washington, D. C, Jan. 5, 1918.James B. Brown,State Director,Louisville, Ky.The Federal Directors to-day dectded to inaugurate immediately adrive for the establishment of SalesStations, one million such stationsto be the goal for the month of January. They are to be in addition toregular authorized agencies.I want you to see that everystore and office frequented by thepublic has signs conspicuously displayed reading, "War SavingsStamps For Sale Here." As theseSales Stations are not agents, no applications for appointment are necessary. These Sales Stations are to obtain their stamps and all suppliesfrom regular agencies, Agent Banksor Postolfices. Your quota is approximately one Sales Station forevery one hundred population.Sales Stations must sell all stampsat the prices current in the inionthin which sales are madeFRANK A. VANDERLIP, .Chairman National WarSavines Committee.Ea Ta-m-HOME TELEPHONE NOTESMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketQUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be ".as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference whenyou come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods maybe "as represented," but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets . . . - 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple buteffective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine and Spruce Balsam25c ad 50c per bottle V-An effective cough remedy. .Hazola Tcile t Cream . . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.Ask your doctor about our prescriptions. -Heknows they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Establishod 1878 415 Main StreetAnnual stockholders meeting: ofthe Company was held in the buildingof the Company, January y, ana tnefollowing directors were elected toserve for the eTisumg year: d. u.Power, R. B. Crane, E. H. Cady, I.E. Kinsley and S. M. Heller.District Manager, J. J. veatch andGeneral Manager Heller Tiave returned from Carlisle and Maysville whereDirectors Meetings were held, Mr.Veatch hing re-elected Vice President of the CaTlisle Company andTreasurer of the Maysville Company.Emnlovees Meeting was held atParis January 8, with all Paris em-.,ployees present and Mr. W. M. 'Paine, Assistant Superintendent, ofLouisville. " IMrs. V. H. Parish who has been incharcre of the Clintonville Exchangefor seventeen years has resigned to'live with her son, Mr. Jerome Paris',in Lexington. Mrs. Parish and her,daughters have proven to be the mostattentive and popular operators in theservice and it is with much regretBoth on the part of the Clintonvillesubscribers- and the Company thatthey are leaving the service and as-jsure tnem znaz tney iaKe witn tnenihfippinessf;,.j the very best wishes' for; their jfutureGreat ReductionsThe Balance of .Our Holiday Shoes and Slippersasked For Quick Selling This Week!ABSOLUTE CLEARANCE!NOTHING TO BE LEFT OVERAll Grades ofMen's. Women's and Children's.Shoes-andRubbersThat Must Appeal to AllAT LOWEST PRICES!DAN COHEN''- 4"Paris5 Greatest .Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy RettaV'.'.:. -w "XimMIJoifclfc-till." T.A'-W.--V'. -r Ttf-Wi-j-lcndtoiC?itt-Bfourftmt:V3, ."L - i,- . :- -'- Tu.i-So'V-4 --?t' ..i.ltfai W-frTffifmiimiifcsTiM.r,R.IWiot