TT I"s'l4fcsKSauC3ri-' --ociararSsrTHENEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE ' YEARVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1918BOURBONJUDGE BATTERTON APPOINTSLEGAL ADVISORY BOARDIn an effort to assist registrants inmaking out their questionnaires, andto expedite the work of the BourbonCounty Draft Board, Judge GeorgeBatterton has appointed a legal advisory board, composed of members ofthe local bar, who will meet on specified dates at the court house for thepurpose indicated.The work will be carried on in theCounty Court room, and will be expedited as rapidly as possible. From8:30 to 12:00 in the morning, andfrom 1:30 to 5:00 in the afternoon,the attorneys will be in the courtroom ready to transact business forthe registrants. The dates and namesof the attorneys who will do thework are as follows:Friday, Sept. 20. R. C. Talbott,E. M. Dickson, Denis Dundon andWilliam Grannan.Saturday, Sept. 21. D. D. Cline,j. J. Williams, W. H. Whitley andGeorge Batterton.Monday, Sept. 23. B. M. Dickson,Denis Dundon, William Grannan andr. C. Talbott.Tuesday, Sept. 24. J. J. Williams,W. H. Whitley, George Batterton andD. D. Cline.Wednesday, Sept. 25. Denis Dundon? William Grannan, It. C. Talbottand E. M. Dickson.Thursday, Sept, 2j6. W. H. Whitley, George Batterton, D. D. Cline andJ. J. Williams.Friday, Sept, 27. William Grannan, R. C. Talbott, E. M. Dickson andDenis Dundon.Saturday, Sept. 28. George Batterton, D. D. Cline, J. J. Williams andW. H. Whitley.Monday, Sept. 30. R. C. Talbott,E. M. Dickson, Denis Dundon andWilliam Grannan.Tuesday, Oct. 1. D. D. Cline, J.J. Williams, W. H. Whitley and Geo.Batterton.Wednesday, Oct. 2. E. M. Dickson, Denis Dundon, William Grannanand R. C. Talbott.Thursday, Oct 3. J. J. Williams,W. H. Whitley, George Batterton andD. D. Cline.Friday, Oct. 4. Denis Dundon,William Grannan, R. C. Talbott andE. M. Dickson.Saturday, Oct. 5. W. H. Whitley,George Batterton, D. D. Cline and J.J. Williams.Judge Batterton's official notice toeach of the attorneys, as issued fromthe office of the Local Advisory Board,is as follows:"Dear Sir: This is to notify youthat your services have been drafted"by the United States Government forthe purpose of assisting registrantsto fill out their questionnaires, onthe dates named on the slip attachedhereto. The regulations providethat a nlace convenient to the LocalBoard shall be provided for this work,and the Local Board has designatedthe County Court room, in the Bourbon county court house, as the placewherein this work shall be done.Under directions from the FederalGovernment I have been requested toarrange dates for each lawyer, forhis part of the work, and to notifythem of said dates. You are herebyrequired to be there for work on thedates at which your -name appears onthe attached slip, from the hours of8:30 to 12:00 in the morning, andfrom 1:30 to 5:00 in the afternoon.It is my duty to report anyone whofails to appear and work on the saiddates, and no excuse will be accepted,except sickness, when accompaniedby a physician's affidavit."pa ja teOVER THE TOP WITH THE 1919WE1AT CROP."Now is the time to go over thetop with next year's wheat crop,"says a well-known, wheat grower ofthis county. He says, "The yield ofwheat at threshing time is largely determined before ever a seed sprouts.The land should be well plowedearly, kept cultivated to conservemoisture and then the very best seedavailable planted. No diseased -seedshould ever be planted until properly treated with liot water or formaldehyde to kill smut and other diseases. Wheat must also be well fed.Therefore, haul out all the barn pnanure that is available. Since manureis low in phosphate acid, the plantfood needed by the wlieat plant toproduce the grain, it is wise to use200 to 300 pounds of acid phosphateto the acre if it can be secured.When no manure is used then applya fertilizer analyzing 2 per cent,nitrogen and 8 to 10 per cent, phosphoric acid." (20-tf)Ea tea EaBANKERS STAND EERM WITHPRESIDENT WILSON.That the bankers of the countryshould stand behind President Wilson in. his purpose to press the warto a conclusive peace was the sentiment expressed by (members of theAmerican Institute of Banking at theopening of the sixteenth annual convention of the organization at Denver, Colo., Tuesday. The keynote ofthe convention was sounded by R. S."Hecht, of New Orleans, president, inhis annual address.)- m ihbCOMING ATTRACTIONS rAT THEALAMO AND PARTS GRANDTo-day, Friday, Sept.- 20 Charlesttay, in "A. Nine O'Clock Town;"also episode five of "Hands Up,"featuring Ruth Roland and GeorgeChesebro.To-morrow, Saturday, Sept. 21.Mabel Normand, in ."Peck's BadGirl;" also Smiling Bill Parsons, in"Bill's Baby." ,Monday, Sept. 23. J. Warren Kerrigan, in "One , Dollar' Bid;-" Also"Fox Sunshine Comedy,, J'A .Tight"Squeeze." --,Wj. iFOR THE FATHERLESS CHILDREN OF FRANCE.The Bulletin of the Fatherless Children of France, which is the officialorgan of the executive, committee ofthis work, in its August issue contains a list of the seventy committeesthat nave been added to the organization since Jan. 1, of this year.Pa.ris (Kentucky,) is among them,and interest in the work continuesthrough the Chairman, Mrs. ArthurB. Hancock, who is desirous of adding more names to the list of thosewho have already adopted Frenchorphans.The Bulletin contains a number ofbright letters from hnvs nnH orirlswho have been "adopted" by Americans, and also several pictures showing the little ones to be very attractive ana interesting in appearance.We quote the following paragraphfrom the Bulletin written hv JohnKendrick Bangs, a well-known American wno is traveling m France :une ot the things that impressedme most in France was Americansolicitude for the welfare of the littlechildren there whose homes have beendestroyed, whose fathers have eitherbeen killed or swallowed up by theprisons of Germany, and whosemothers have been so impoverishedby war as to be unable to care forthem. It is beautiful to see thespirit in which American agencieshave hastened to their succor, but itis the sad fact that, generous as hasbeen our response to the needs ofthese little ones overseas, their necessities are still far and away beyondany measures yet taken to relieve andhold them safe. Their condition ispitiable, for in addition to their suffering they cannot understand thewhy and wherefore of that condition,and on their woe is piled a heartrending bewilderment as to why thissoul-searing devastation should bevisited upon them. Vast numbers ofthem who have been taught that onlygood can come out of the blue" abovewhere Angels live,have had their faithin Heaven shattered by the, to them,all too obvious fact that death hasrained down upon them out of oncelovely skies; and I have seen somewho were actually afraid to look upbecause it was from those upperreaches that the Hun sent the instruments of destruction that killed theirparents and -in many cases their ownlittle playmates. Not a few of themhave themselves been forever maimedby the enginery of destruction in thehands, of an invisible and cruel enemy.I have seen little boys with their legsand hands blown away either by shellsor bv lnnocent-lookine nhieets htvhavpicked.up in the- street. I-haveseen tnem Dy tne dozens with peakedlittle faces betokening a long periodof starvation, some of them p.nvereAwith eczema because of the impoverishment ot their blood as a result ofunderfeeding, many of them in a condition of general health that onlythe most careful nursing and tender"loving" can transform into anythingeven remotely resembling strength.Their little minds are filled with abackground of tragedy that has wellnigh obliterated the pictures of happier days, and their outlook is onethat in the very nature of things isfilled with uncertainty. Their capacity for play, their tendency to sing,their wish to laugh, havs all beencowed out of them, and countlessnumbers of them feel themselves constantly face to face with that ThingIn The Dark which has struck terrorto the heart of many an imaginativechild in days of peace."Their condition unrealized by thegenerous heart of America would constitute a German victory, for it is apart and parcel of the Hun campaignto destroy not only the France of today, but the France of to-morrow, toso terrorize where they cannot kUland maim that in a possible later onslaught there will be no gallant sonsand daughters of France to frustratetheir vile ambition; to so break thespirit of the children of France thatin future conflicts there shall be noreserves in Spartan courage to interpose a wall of steeled hearts againsttheir fell designs, such as they foundin the men of Verdun. Our boys arefighting gallantly for present victoryon the field of honor to-day.We, by coming to the aid of thefatherless children of France NOW,can do our bit as well on behalf ofthe victory- of the future. We canlift these little children up out ofHell and enable them to look Godin the face once more. We can placethem once more in the land of theliving and add to the security of ourown little ones in the years to comeby leading them up out of the Valleyof Despair to the heights of renewedcourage and faith in the right."fe 1 jFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)Wa I feGEORGE BROWN MARTIN NOWSENATOR ERGM KENTUCKY, At Washington, Tuesday, 'VicePresident Thomas R. Marshall administered the oath of office as aSenator of the United States Senateto George Brown Martin, of Catlettsburg, Ky., Kentucky's new Senator,appointed by Gov. A. O. Stanley tofill out the ' unexpired term of thelate Senator Ollie M. James.He was escorted to the Vice President's rostrum by hjs colleague, Senator J. C. W. Beckham.Immediately after the' ceremonySentor Martin was surrounded by theKentucky delegation in Congress andmembers of the Senate and congratulated. , ,. , , 'Senator Martin1,' of Virginia, Democratic floor- leader, was the first:- tochat with) him at ln-gthT. " ',UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNSOON TO BEGIN.Bourbon county, in the ThirteenthDistrict of the Kentucky State organization which is to raise ? 1,7 70,800, during the week of NovemberxiLn, as this State's portion of thenation-wide $170,500,000 to be raised that week for army and navy welfare work will be called upon to contribute largely of her means if thecajmpaign is to be a success.At the big State conference heldm Louisville, Friday, Sept. 13th, theState organization was announced.The State has been divided into 20districts and each, district has itsown organization. At district co-n-terences to be held soon the countyorganizations will be perfected.This is to be known at the UnitedWiar Work Campaign, and the sevenwelfare agencies endorsed by theWar Department, are .to engage init. They are Y. M. C. A., Y. W. C. A.,National Catholic War Council, Jewish Welfare Board, American LibraryAssociation, War Camp CommunityService and the Salvation Army. Theapportionment, adopted by the WarDepartment and based upon theamount of work being done by eachorganization, is as follows: Y. M.C. A., $100,000,000, Y. W. C. A.,$15,000,000, National Catholic WarCouncil, $30,000,000, Jewish Welfare Board, $3,500,000, American Library Association, $3,500,000, WarCajmp Community Service, $15,000,-uuu, salvation Army, $3,500,000.The door of every organization isopened to the men everywhere."Salute and Go To It It's a WarMeasure," has been adopted as Kentucky's slogan for the campaign.Get ready for the command, "Attention!" The district organization follows:District No. 13 Quota, $72,937.Boys' objective, $5,670. Chairman,H. A. Power, Paris; Campaign Director, Z. L. Wilcox, Paris; AssistantDirector, Barnett Winters, Paris;Conference, Thursday evening, Oct.3rd, at Paris. Counties, Harrison,Fleming, Nicholas, Bourbon.THE WALNUT HALL CUP.The Walnut Hall Cup, Lexington,Monday, Sept. 30, opening of Kentucky's Great Trots; Prince Loree2:05& (winner of the $10,000 stakeat Syracuse), Bertha McGuire 2:04'4,June Red 2:054, CJrilcoot 2:04,Ante Guy 2:05&, The Royal Knight2:051. Allan Watta 2 -OS "mountsCarter 2:05Ka, amongst the fwenfzicuKiuie tu suui,SEE EELD'S SCHOOL SHOES-BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)W KNO W HOW I3& FALL HATSArc Now ReadyExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSAll the new shadesin:.: . green, bottle green, pearl,Scratch Finish Hats and Velours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock.prices -$5 to $10The Stetson Feature Hat at $6.00, a verystylishhat that you will find very becoming to the averageman.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREiSole Agents Forr Nettleton and Dr Reed Cushion Sole Shoes JKIKi"KTEVnr "Dt?Tl nnCiO TTAim flnnTrrnn 1CLASS IN PROSPECT.To equip more workers with fundamentals, for Red Cross Home Service,another series of Home Service Institutes, or "Plattsburgs," have beenplanned by the Department of Civilian Relief. Lake Division. AmericanRed Cross.Need for the new series of institutes may be seen in a recent report of this department in which itwas shown that the number of Ohio,Indiana and Kentucky workers hadgrown to more than 13,000 a month.This number, it is pointed out, willgreatly increase as more and moremen are selected for (military service.Institutes are to be opened at Columbus, Sept. 23; at Cleveland, Oct.15, and at Cincinnati, Nov. 5. Thefirst of the new series was opened atIndianapolis yesterday. All are madepossible by the joint co-operation ofuniversities and social agencies, inthe cities in which they are held,with the Red Cross.Each course consumes six weeksand includes twenty-four lectureswith collateral reading and weeklyconferences, together with 150 hoursof field v work supervised by socialagencies. Enrollment is limited,varying from twenty to twenty-fivepupils to each institute.Facts about War Risk Insurance,about Allotments and Allowances,about conducting an information service, about industrial problems dueto the pressure of the war, aboutjuvenile delinquency, about homedietetics these are among the impor-tant subjects taught at these inti-tutes as part of the American RedCross pledge to sustain the soldiersmorale in camps and overseas byhelping their families at home.lto fe&l JXCOURT UPHOLDS FUEL ADMINISTRATION. The legality of the U. S. Fuel Administration organization and thevalidity of the price-fixing proclamation was upheld in the Federal Courtat Knoxville, Tenn., according toword received here.A demurrer to indictments againstcoal 'Operators was overruled andjudgment -given in favor of the government employees.Id Tft fcaSUIT TO BE FILED AGAINST. , LIGHT COMPANY.Acting under , instructions fromJVIayor E. B. January and the BoardoFCouncil-of Paris, following a conference held at the office of MayorJanuary, Tuesday afternoon, dity Attorney Denis Dundon ia preparingpapers in a suit to be filed by the cityagainst the Paris Gas & ElectricCompany.The suit will be brought for thepurpose of recovering damages inthe sum of approximately $15,000,alleged to be due the city for excesspayments for street lighting in Parisduring the past five years.seal brown, snuff, apple'Oxford greys and blacks.KIXi.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mrs. T. D. Berkeley, of near Paris,has received a message announcingthe safe arrival overseas of herbrother, Mr. Dillon Price, who wason the transport Persie, which wastorpedoed some time agoSeveral interesting letters fromsoldiers are printed in this issue ofTHE NEWS, on page three. Theseletters are of general interest, showing, as they do, the many sides ofcamp life and happenings here andabroad.Mr. M. L. Crain, who has been theParis representative for some monthsof a large life insurance companv,has gone to Winchester, where he hasentered the Students' Army TrainingCorps now being formed at the Kentucky Wesleyan College. Similar organizations are being formed at othereducational institutions in CentralKentucky.Mr. Landninn Pnv.np wiin "hoe v.-,.j stationed at Rochester, New York, asa memoer ot tne Aviation Corps ofthe U. S. Army, has arrived on afurlough visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. J. Walter Payne, in this city.Mr. Payne is taking a special coursej kodak division, of the service in theRochester campMrs. Carrie P. Stone, of Paris, received a letter from her son, PrivateGeorge (Tommie) Frakes, statingthat he had been transferred from Ft.Benj. Harrison, Ind., to Camp Mills!Long Island, New York, and that itmeant he would soon he en routeoverseas. Young Frakes was transferred sometipne ago from Camp Zachary Taylor to Ft. Benj. Harrison.Writing from Monticello, Arkansas, to renew his subscription toTHE NEWS, Mr. John F. Barbee,formerly of Paris, now operating theBarbee Stock Farm, near Monticello,says:"The many Bourbonrfriends of jnyson, Clarence, will be glad" to knowthat he is in Uncle Sam's service.He is an officer in the 46th Field Artillery, stationed temporarily nearLittle Rock."Relatives in Paris have receivedinformation to the effect that Sergt.Stanley Hosier had died in Francefrom wounds received in action inbattle on July 29. He was with anIndiana regiment. Sergt. Hosier wasa brother of Dr. Ernest Hosier, ofLexington, who married Miss EmileeFrakes, daughter of Mrs. Carrie F.Stone, of Paris, and had an enviablerecord as a soldier.Mrs. C. F. Koerner, of Colon, Panama, iormerly Mrs. Bruce Adair, whois a guest of her mother. Mrs. NathanBayless, Jr., .near this city, receiveda cablegram from her husband, Mr.C. F. Koerner, at Panama, statingthat he had received his commissionas Captain in the U. S. army service,and had been ordered to report atNewport News, Va., for service inthe Quartermaster's department.Capt. Koerner has been Fire Chief ofthe Canal Zone for a number ofyears, and has been stationed atColon, Panama.Lieut. J. W. Waller, a brother ofMrs. Henry Judy, of near Paris, andof Miss Dorcas Ussery. of this citv.writes that he- has been transferredfrom his late post at Ft. Benj. Harrison, Ind., to the army embarkationcamp at Camp Mills, near LongIsland, New York. Before beingtransferred to' Ft. Beni. Harrison hhad been stationed at Ft. Oglethrope,ixa., as a member of the UnitedStates Engineering Corps. Previousto entering the service he was engaged in civil engineering for a largeflnm in Tennessee.According to advices received hereby relatives, a majority of the nursesin tne Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40, have been sent to Paierhton.South Devonshire, England. Theyhave been sent there only temporarily, awaiting the completion ofthe hospital, which 'they are to occupy. A hospital of 3.000 beds isbeing constructed for the Unit at Snr.isburg Court, Hants. Erieland. andthe members of the Unit, in whichare a number of Paris-and Bourboncounty 'boys have been stationedthere since their arrival overseas.Mrs. J. J. Veatch, of Paris, 'has received1 a copy of the Glendale. Cali..Evening News, containine an interesting letter written by her nephew,Mr. Murray Durham;- to "his parents,'Mr. and Mrs. James r W. -Durham.Young Durhajm was first sent toCamp Lewis, Washington,' where hewas a member of Go. B., of. the -MilitaryPolice. . From there he was sentoverseas with a lare-A dptnnhmont nfPacific, Coast soldiers. .The EveningNews- commenting editoriallv onyoung Durham'B letter pronounced itthe finest they -had. ever-had from anyof the California- boys in the service.. .ITHE NEWS has received :-from'Corp. John M. Stuart, . who is statipned at, the t Aberdeen ProvingGrounds., in. Maryland, a conv ofpRapid Fire,'; . a publication, issuedweewy uy me emisiea men at meIitej in piAgasine' form, amd is a most ers are also" good mechanics, an alf I1 unique one. One of. th cartooma ispwiil- make good 'soldiers, aftwr JtV VflrV STITifA'hli n & Riffia-Mrm that nrm-i-oa nf iTftn-naltTA tilnfrtop -GERMAN ALIEN PEMALES XUSTNOTIFY CHANGE OPRESIDENCEChief of Police Fred Link is in receipt of the following letter fromUnited States Marshal Henry M. Cor,of Covington, regarding German alienfemales chansrine: their ninPM.nf vQidence. The letter fniinwa-"A German alien woman niionnvher place of residence to anothftrplace within the samA rop-ief,district shall immediately report sucliuiiauge to xne registration officer ofthe registration district and presentto such registration officer her registration card for the purpose of having endorsed thereon by such registration officer the change of residence. A German alien female whodesires to change her place of residence to a place of residence withinanother registration district mustobtain a permit. Such German alienfemale must present herself to theregistration officer of the district inwhich she then resides and make application for the pei-jmit on a formsupplied by the registration oflicerfor the purpose of having the permitof change of residence, if granted,endorsed upon her registration card!If the registration officer denies theapplication there may be an appealunder certain circumstances set forthm Article XUJ, paragraph 3, of theGeneral Regulations, to the UnitedStates Marshal of the judicial district for final action."A change of residence in violationof the Regulations subjects an alienenemy, among other penalties, to arrest and detention for the period ofthe war."The registration officer who acted in the registration will continueto act as registration officer for thepurpose stated in respect to permitsfor change of residence."fe ftGET BED ASH COAL NOW.mat good "Red Ash Coal" willbe here to-day. Be quick and placeyour order early.RAYMOND COAL CO.W. C. DODSON, Manager.(20-lt)AGED WOMAN BREAKS HIP. "Miss Sallie Neal, aged eighty, oneof the oldest residents of Paris, isconfined to her bed at the home- ofMrs. Ruby L. Arnsparger, on Highstreet, with a broken hip.Tuesday afternoon Miss Neal .wentto the home of Mar; Ann Arnold,colored, to engage her for some workshe wished done. After disposing ofthe business in hand, she turned, toleave the porch, but missed her footing on the ton steD. and fell to thahottom. In the tumble her hln wmbroken. Several people who witnessed the accident rushed to her aid.Among them was Dr. Francis .Campbell, who took Miss Neal in hisauto to the home of Mrs. Arnsnarerer.at the corner of High and Ninthstreets, where physicians attendedher injuries.Owing to her advanced age MissNeal's condition is very serious. Shewas resting easy yesterday, but ina critical condition."BOOTLEGGERS" MATH?. ESCAPE.From the county rock quarry to liberty was but a few steps for JacobBrown and Robert Wood, coloredconvicted bootleggers, serving a hardlabor sentence of thirty days.The men had been set to work inthe quarry breaking rock, and seemed willing enough to find employment. But their wits were work-In r.and taking advantage of a favorablemoment afforded by the temporaryabsence of a guard, they (made theirescape. Police and county authorities were promptly notified and anes-sages sent to all the surroundingtowns, but so far the men have notbeen apprehended.P )Sj feSEE EELD'S NEW DISPLAY 0ELADIES' AND MISSES' FALL. SHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children' FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.has developed in many army camps,,namely the difficulty of soldiers getting their mail, showing a most ,de- -plorablelack of system. The. magazine is filled from first to "last pagewitn news oi nature interesting .tothe soldiers in the camp arid theirfriends.. All railway employes in the classes .declared, by the railroad administra-tipri, to be essential vto proper opera-tion of the roads, were instructedWednesday .by Director General Mc- ,Adoo to claim deferred classificationas ,a patriotic duty. . "Five Bourbon county . selects leftyesterday, for Camp,Buell, at Xexingtqn,' where they will be, given aspecial course of training at University of Kentucky for army positionsat the' front or behind, the lines over-?eas, Those -vho left were S." R.Hhdriall, Thos. Fitzgerald, Tilfdnr 'Burnett'. - Jr.. RharlAs nnlnmhiw'Tate and Holmes Smart. Hudnalli i'W Plnss'Four.butpetitioned theDraft' Board td advance him to Clasfecile.'so'that-he jmightget into activeservice, sooner. His. request- wasgranted. Hudnall is. an experi machinist and auto meehamic1. Theot5i?Mll4a - - r w. -. w w uivunv'vu bumv vuu.ij jl iui,v.ukI1i.. bimuiu.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER- 20, 1918MGITWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.JHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IWIFT CHAMP, EdlUr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thetharftttter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation "which,may appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will he gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditbr.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch' for -first time; 60 cents per inchohv subsequent insertion.Reailag Notices, 10 cents per lineeach, issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reservedto decliae any advertisement or othermatter' for publication.Announcements for political officesmvfet invariably be accompanied bythe f cash.- This oaoerhas enlistedpvith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS."Public and Private Book-Keeping.x Just what the Government will doWith the telephone companies nowthat th'ey have acquired public control, has not developed. The Saturday Evening Post comments that therecent act of Congress which putthem under government operationwasa, snap judgment taken underthe exigencies of war." The Post isin doukt as to whether the public administration can achieve the "goodfaith' which "requires the Government to manage them without prejudice to the plan of private ownership and operation to which they.-should be restored the moment thewar ends." Such a result will haveto pay due respect to systems of accounting. We now find that theAmerican Telephone and TelegraphCompany is running a business inwhich they extend credit to millionsof citizens, and the results are highly satisfactory. Whether the Postoffice Department that does a strictly-cash business and never is able togive more than a general guess asto the cost of operation, profit orloss, in any region of the country,wjll.be able to make material changes-in telephone operation throughoutthe nation, and at the same time tell'definitely, as has been done underprivate ownership, just what the balance sheet shows in every unit ofoperation, remains to be seen.Th, Interstate Commerce Commissioxn prescribes explicit methods ofaccounting for the railroads ando'tlfier institutions coming under its.direction. Whether the Government?wiJL be able to keep books that willshow every detail of operation in asclear a manner as has been done under private control, while it is"scrambling" and unscramblingrailroads and wire lines," is bound tobecome an interesting feature offorthcoming developments.Giving New Employe a Welcome.When you go into a country or astrange place you are grateful to thejimMi who extends to you the hand offellowship, to the one who makes youfeel at home.Remember the new employes on thejob- They are strangers within ourgates. Especially at this time whenwe are increasing our force are weafforded an opportunity of showingnew employes that we are interestedin them and that we are anxious forthem to be satisfied. A little effort onyour part can make the newcomersfeel at home and will show them thefeeling of co-operation you havekelped to build up. You can do morein fiye;minutes to establish the rightspirit4 while their impressions areforming than you can in many daysafter they have formed their opinions of, you and your company.In case the newcomers are foreigners, there is even greater obligation to treat them as guests, andmake 'them feel welcome.It is the privilege of every American at this time to make the strangers .from other lands feel that we'appreciate their help in winning thisyar., Treat them with the same courtesy and kindness that you would desire if -you were a stranger in a foreign country.Your personal contact with foreiga worker? can help to unite allraoci in America to win this war.4CONTONTIOlfr OF CHBISTAIN(MTRfcHgfrAT RICHM0H3KThe eighty-sixth annual convention of the Churches of ChHst inKentucky will be held in the FirstChristian Church, at Richmond, Sept.30 to Oct. 3.The opening meeting, Mondaymorning, will be a Christian Education session. The principal speakerswill be: President R. H. Crossfieldand Professors DeWeese, Bower, Fortune, Brown and Snoddy, all ofTransylvania University.On Tuesday, Oct. 1, the sessions ofthe Christian Woman's Board of Missions will be held, presided over byMrs. John Gay, State President, witha number of addresses by distinguished women, and the reports of workaccomplished by the women, youngwomen and children during the missionary year.The Kentucky Christian Missionary Convention will occupy Wednesday, and the State Bible School Association will be held on Thursday.At the afternoon session of that daythe Widows' and Orphans' Home ofLouisville will be represented by J.S. Hilton and a number of childrenfrom tie Home.The Convention will close Thursday evening, Oct. 3, with an addressby Rev. T. M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown church, on thesubject, "God Gives and Wants theBest."Mr. A. L. Boatright, of Paris, willlead the singing, and a number ofpersons from Paris and BourbonCounty are planning to attend.This Convention was held in Parisfifteen years ago.!5i 1S& telNEW QUOTAS TOR ARMY CAMPSIN OCTOBER.WASHINGTON, Sept. 19. Draftcalls announced Monday by ProvostMarshal General Crowder will send181,838 men qualified for generalmilitary service to army camps before October 16. All states havequotas to fill. Of the total 142,000will be white registrants, who willentrain between October 7 and 11.The remainder will be negroes whowill move in two groups, 20,015 entraining between September 25 and27 and 10,752 on October 16.Men who registered last Thursday,may be needed in a few districts tofill the new quotas, it was said at theProvost Marshal .General's office butin most localities sufficient men remain in Class 1 from the registrantsof last June 5 and August 24 to meetthe requirements.States from which the white registrants were called, with their numberand the camps to which they will go,include the following:Ohio 1081, Camp McClellan, Ala.,8,000 Camp Sherman, Ohio.Kentucky 7,843, Camp Sevier,S. C.Indiana 5,000, Camp Taylor, Ky.Camp Sherman will also receive1,000 negro registrants from Tennessee.Ts laa fcaMcCOMBS OIL COMPANY TO REPINE ON LARGE SCALEThe success which has marked theprogress of the McCombs Oil Company in the producing branch of theoil business has -warranted the management in entering the refining fieldof the oil Industry on a large scale.There were many reasons that influenced the board of directors in arriving at a decision to enter this particular branch of business, among thembeing the conceded large profits ofthe refining business, the stabilization of the company's earnings andthe lack of competition from otherfirms in the Kentucky field.In order properly to carry on therefining business the company purchased from the Consolidated OilRefining Company their plant No. 2,at East St. Louis, 111., which is situated in the heart of the rich manufacturing district of East St. Louis,about one-half mile from the Mississippi River. With the plant properwas acquired two acres of groundlocated between the factory and theNational Chemical Company and theIndiahoma Reninmg Company.The management plans Jo put therefinery in immediate operation. Asthe plant stands it is ready for thecrude .oil, even to having a supply jofcoal on .hand for the boilers. To makeavailable the crude oil that the company is producing from its propertiesin Wolfe County it is only needed tolay a three-inch, pipe line a distanceof three (miles to the main line ofthe Louisville and Nashville Railroad at Torrent, Ky. It will not benecessary to install any pumps as theoil will flow by gravity from theAdams and Spencer leases to a torage tank that will be located at theloading track on the railroad siding.Work of laying this line will begin immediately and will in all probability be completed in thirty days.No delay will be occasioned by lackof facilities for transportation of theoil to the refinery as the thirty newtank cars that have been' purchasedare already constructed and aboutready for delivery. The present planfor operation of the plant will be begun immediately and pushed as rapidly as possible to completion.God in Nature.More than ever we need to appreciate the works of God as shown Inthe material world. A blue sky, flickering shadows on the grass, the gracein the flight of a birdthese thingsshould give us the sense that God is'still in the world. Let ns listen to thevoices of the brook. Let us watch thewaves of the lake. We may or maynot know what Is on the farther, unseen shore, but we can build mentalpictures of great beauty. There arethousands of beautiful pictures ,alLaround us if we have eyes to see aniLsoul to appreciate them.Portugal was formerly known asLusitania. The present name is derived from Port Callo, the' ancient,name of the town known as Oporto.'to l8iVBi -The world is;"filled)witKlfools. But,the man who admits that 'He Is a Tool'l isn't one of them.BOND VAJJJESWIIL ING!1EASE.;Money isthe cheapest thing inAmerica to-day.It takes more money right nowthan in the last twenty years tobuy most of the things that make forcomfort and convenience in life.Your cost of living has more thandoubled in the last four years. Pricesof nearly any article you may namehave increased anywhere from 50 to200 per cent. In many instancesthey have jumped 500 per cent.Your dollar to-day is worth correspondingly less than it was at the beginning of the world war.This is an all-important consideration in the purchase of a LibertyBond.For your bond, bought to-day witha dollar worth less than fifty cents,will be redeemable in dollara worthapproximately their face value.Present conditions will not continue forever. Values will eventuallyright themselves.And the bond holder will be thewinner.It is good business to buy a staplearticle when it is cheap and sell itwhen the price goes up. Most fortunes have been made in that way.And, in effect, that is what youare doing when you buy a $100 bondwith dollars worth less than fiftycents each.It has been a long time since theaverage farmer could buy a government bond for the price of an acreof wheat, or the average workmanwith his earnings for ten day's work.But it's possible now.And the wise fellow will do it.BOYS TO TAKE PART IN WARWORK CAMPAIGNThe boys of Kentucky are to begiven prominence in the great National United War Work Campaignto be conducted the week of November 11th, to raise $175,500,000 forwelfare work in the American Armyand Navy the coming year.Their quota is now being considered and will be announced shortly.Suffice it to say that the figure willbe one marking a goal to which theboys of the State may well devotetheir best energies.When the "Big Brothers" of thearmy at the front see the great workbeing done for them by the "LittleBrothers" of the army at home, theywill realize that the boys of Kentucky at home and abroad are all onthe firing lines.The Boys' Campaign will be marked by an enthusiasm seldopi witnessed in the State. Detailed planswere considered at a conference heldin connection with the State Campaign at the Seelbach Hotel in Louisville, Friday, attended by representatives from all parts of the State.DO IT NOW.sParis People Should Not Wait UntilIt Is Too Late.The appalling death-rate from kidney disease is due largely to the factthat the little kidney troubles areusually neglected until they becomeserious. The slight symptoms oftengive place to chronic disorders andthe sufferer may slip gradually intosome serious form of kidney complaint. If you suffer from backache, headaches, dizzy spells; if the kidney secretions are irregular of passage andunnatural, do not delay. "Help thekidneys at once.Doan's Kidney Pills are eppeciallyfor kidney disorders they act whereothers fail. Over one hundred thousand people have recommended them.Here is a Paris case:ilLrs. Chas. McCord, South Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills at different limes, gettingthem from Oberdorfer's Drug Storeand I have found them a splendidmedicine. Whenever my kidneys haveacted irregularly or my back hasbeen weak or lame, I have found abox or so of Doan's Kidney Pills hasbeen sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m mFURTHER REGULATION OP THENEWSPAPER BUSINESSAdditional orders affecting thepublishing of newspapers were announced recently by ChairmanBaruch, of the War Industries Board,to bring about a further saving ofprint paper.The board rules that publishersshall not use premiums, contests, orsimilar means to stimulate circulation, that no holiday, industrial, orspecial issues shall be published andthat papers shall not be issued atretail for less than the publishedprices.Legitimate methods of stimulatingcirculation are held to be billboardand wall poster, advertising, buyingspace in contemporary papers announcing special features, makingannouncements in Sunday or dailyeditions of special features' to come,and canvassing without premiums.-1FOR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great' valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been-com-pletelyrestored to health.(sept-adv)A cake four feet jin 'diameter, onefoot high, and weighing 3 OX) poundswas sent recently from New York toParis to be served at a Y. M. C. A.dinner for 2,400 soldiers....We can understand -a lot of things,,but not why a woman would want: r ---to be. a man's third wife.AMagQBOpK'KLCgFggpMACHAtid Iron Mineral Will Gire YourSnh Jus$the?Hep it Needsto (Jet Well It's GuaranteedRead what W. H. Bowen, of Belhaven, N. C, says about Acid Iron Mineral, and what it did for his stomach :"I have been a sufferer from catarrhof the stomach and indigestion,, of thebowels all my life, and until I foundAcid Iron Mineral I could get no relief from doctors, but I have takenA-I-M for the last ten years, and feelall right now. In fact, if I did nothave this best medicine in the worldI don't know what I would do. Ican recommend it for the above diseases, and also for many others."Acid Iron Mineral is a product ofnature, and does not contain any alcohol or any other injurious drugsit is the world's greatest remedy forpurifying the blood, stomach diseases,rheumatism, female troubles, and external diseases, as well as catarrh inall its forms. A-I-M also helps pilesand constipation if taken accordingto directions.Acid Iron Mineral is absolutelyguaranteed to give satisfaction, oryour money refunded get a bottleto-day at Brooks & Snapp's youtake no risk. Not a patent medicine.If not obtainable in your neighborhood, send 50c or $1.00 to the Ferrodine Corp., Roanoke, Va., and itwill be sent to you postage paid.(adv)It is said that a pair of nighthawks, which had made the roof ofa Bath 'Me., bank building their summer home for thirty years, are backagain.Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.;-:i iThis Houseis SunburntBuildings suffer from sunburn as,much as 'people do, when therenonprotected from Old Sol's grilling rays.Few could afford enough coldcream to soothe a blistered barn,but we all can afford a coat ortw) of paint to keep the barnfrom blistering.Good paint gives the sun's raysno chance to warp and crack thewood, so that rain may drive inand .start decay.Dutch BoyAnchor BrandWhite-Leadmixed with pure linseed oil, is apaint which is proof against allweather, and maintains a handsome, smooth appearance. Any,color may be had.Drop in and let us show you ourcomplete line of high-grade paints,;oils, varnishes, and brushes. Weguarantee the worth of all outpaint materials, and. our pricesarVnghtG. A. DaughertyI .-BThe-Spaniias hayefsejtover theirinfluenza Stttl sore about that little misunderstanding twenty yearsago?WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.FOR RENT.Five-room apartment. Bath andall conveniences. Located overWalsh's Clothing Store. Apply to undersigned, MRS. L. SALOSHIN,Cumb. Phone 269. (17-2t-pd)FOR SALEOne new model Oliver Typewriter.Apply toMISS EDNA KELLER,Eleventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.(13-3t)WANTED.Second-hand furniture, carpets,rugs and stoves. Call any place inthe county for them.F. B. THOMAS,Opposite Court House.(13-3t-pd) Cumb. Phone 780.WantedJunk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 60 per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound., Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington.We also purqhase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send Us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand 'purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH. W. H. CANNON,District Manager local ManaeerKentucky'sBLalaB8aaawBaaalBP Itottwflo&EBeeimts j,iiTafia8a BaaMBaB46th Fall Meeting Sept.30-Oct. 12, 1918MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30Walnut Hall Cup,. 2:00 Trotting $ 3,000The Futurity (2-year-olds) 5,00V2:07 Class, Pacing 1,0002:14 Class, Facing. l.tOO'TJOESPAY, OCTOBER 1Keatucky Futarity (3-y ear-olds) . ... $14,00?:07 Class. Trotting; ; i,002:18 Class, Trotting1 i.eoe2:88 Class; Facing i,ooWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2Phoenix, Hotel, Free-for-all,- Pacing-, .82:15' Class, Trotting2:11 Classfi Trsitirig2:Q9jClas, facingTHURSDAY, OCTOBER S.yThe Transylvaala, 2:06 Trotting. ,. .8 5,0002;88 .Class, Trotting. ;.. l.OOO2:20 Class Trotting, i.eoe2:12 Class, Pacing j,000Friday, October; 4The Blue Grass. 2:08PcingT.. S 2.00T Lssiagrep '(2-year-oMs) z,Q2:lJCWss, Facing 1'jnSMost Noted TrottersIn Great SpeedFor Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on. or address.MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.For RentTwo nice flats at Bourbon College.One has bath connected. Both modern in every respect.PARIS REALTY CO.,(13-3t) c. P. Mann.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTDE8 & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to S3 5.00 rset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER?S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(1129novF)Public RentingFine Bluegrass Farm onCourt DayThe undersigned will rent at public outcry on Court DayMonday, Oct. 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Ky., the fine Bluegrassfarm known as the Sue K. Moranplace, which is located on the Peacock Pike, about 3 miles fromParis.This is one of the best farms inBourbon county, and contains 300acres. On the place is a substantialhouse containing 6 rooms, a goodtobacco barn that will house 15 acresof tobacco, plenty of tobacco sticks,all necessary outbuildings, never failing water.Forty-five acres now in corn, 30acres in wheat stubble and 15 acresin meadow, may all be used for cornmaking 90 acres in all for corn.Forty acres to go in wheat, 10acres of virgin soil to go in tobacco,160 acres in grass.Prospective renters may inspectthe place at any time.For further information, addressor call onMRS. SALLIE MORAN CLAY.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(13-td)Great TrotsSATURDAY, OCTOBER $,The 'Kentucky (3-year-old) $2,000Breeders' Stakes (2-year-olds) 5,6002:16 Class, Trotting 1,0002:08 Class,' Pacing 1,000MONDAY, OCTOBER 7Free-f or-aU, Trotksg- S 1,500The Board of Ceianserce2U4 Class, Trotting l,0M3:05 Class, Ftfeln; 1,009TUESDAT, OCTOBER 8The CnmBrland. )3;4 Pacing S 2,000Dinner Stakes (3-year-oldsX 4.OO0285 Ck4ss,r Trotting 1.5002lTCla$ FigWtfT 1.000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9Tho .Ashland, 2:l$iTretting... 8 2.000Pacing Tntarity .... ". 2,0002:08 Class, Tfettingc 1.000TWo-year-feM Trotters- 1.000THTmSBAYV OCTOBER 182:18 Class; Trotting. 8 1.0002:1 Class, Trotting 1.0002:18 iCKmL PfcttatfJ 1.000Thif-yeisld Trotters f 1.000 . fFRIDAY AND: SATUHOAY. OCTOBER U -1AND 13" RESERVED.and' Pacer of AmericaContests Each DayFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 111TH1 B9U1BOH NEWS, PARB. JTI,5kssori&aCfci i tfvm y W' T7LiRjrzmmsriSSL Jf Lf -JIICbKeafGaipdBefore applying powder -give yourskin a protecting coat ofMARINELLOMotor CreamShields skin against wind and weather.Presents tan and sunburn. Keeps skm'softand relv ety. Eliminates cause of most complexion defects. m Absolutely essential toproper care of facial beauty. Try it.M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.Margolen'sSANITAR 1Meat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.Give Us an OrderMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORShHifchfefthhHhHHHsUfcHiHHHHMr. Ira D. Thompson, Jr., lately ofParis, who is at the Governmentrifle range at Annapolis Naval Academy, writes a short letter to hismother, in. which he says in part:"Dearest Mother: I received yourletter yesterday (September 12) andwas certainly very glad to hear fromyou You did not send the candy,but I want you to be sure to send mea Red. Cross sweater. Get a blue oneif possible. If you make it yourselfmake it good and heavy, and jmake anice neck in it You asked meabout my promotion. It is not anoffice, but I am an assistant on thefive hundred yard range, and I standan excellent change for getting anoffice some time soon. I am an expert rifleman now, instead of a sharpshooter, so I am climbing little bylittle, all the time. The expert is thehighest course you can jmake in thenavy, so I am going to try for anarmy expert Don't forget aboutthe sweater, and if you make it yourself be sure to make it a blue one.If that is not possible, make it gray,but I prefer it blue. . . .Well, I mustget busy, so will close. Hope to hearfrom you again very soon."Under date of August 18, Mr.Baldwin Woods, son of Mrs. JackWoods, of Paris, now in England asa member of the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, writes, inpart, to his mother, as follows:"I guess you are wondering whatpart of England we are in. We arein the southern part. We are about75 miles from the firing lines.The only firing we can hear is thefiring on the water. There was a hospital ship sunk last week. I guessyou have all heard about it. . . .TheAmericans are driving the Germansevery day and capturing them by thethousands. They are depending onus, to putting a stop to this war. Theway things look up here it will beover this time next year. . . .1 wishyou could see this hospital we are in.It is a big beautiful manor surrounded by over two hundred acres ofland. We haven't received any patients yet, as we are building on itand equipping it. . . .The landscapeis beautiful and the roads aresimply grand. Big cedar trees overhang the roads, and at night youcan't see your hand before you. Thegardens are also beautiful. They aresomthing like a big flower house, andhave big ripe peaches and grapes onthe inside The Pathe Companytook moving pictures of the Hospitaland the Red Cross. If I can get amagazine that has the pictures in itI will send it to you."You wouldn't imagine how mucha fellow thinks of his old home whenhe is over here. I tell you that theydid think of home when they wereat the 'rest camp.' We had to sleepon the floor most of the time, and itwas raining, too, most of the time.We would often wake up in the nightwith our bones aching and ourclothes wet. But it came out allright in the end The trip over theocean came near getting me. Weslept in hammocks. One night I fellout of mine and thought I had brokenevery bone in my body, but guess Ididn't. One night a submarine scarecame up, and when it was reportedthat a sub was close to us one of theParis boys (name withheld) got soscared that he buckled three lifebelts around him and crawled into oneof the big air funnels, where ne retained four or five days. We thoughtthat he had fallen overboard.On account of being written onboth sides of thin paper with heavyink which soaked through and madeit illegible, several pages of the letor pmild nnr. be made out. And thenewspaper man had other things tojdo tnan try to aecipuer it m a,moments.Chester, a brother of Mr. John Blake,of this city, writes to relatives hereas follows:"Dear Folks: We arrived here onthe fourth of August, after a verynice trip across. It took us twelvedays to make the trip, and there wassurely a nice sick bunch of boys onthat ship on the way across. I didnot get sick, but managed to keepfeeling pretty well all the wayacross. But it was a tiresome oldtrip. For two days the sea was prettyrough, at times the wall of waterseeming as if it would sweep overthe top of the ship I don't likethe place where we are camped verymuch, but guess I will have to standit. I am still with the same bunch.We get permission to go out of thecamp every night and we have a goodtime. There is a fine bunch of girlshere. They are all engaged in doing Government work, nearly all ofthem taking the places of men whoare in the service."When I was in New York I sawStanley Ogden. He said he was liking tne service an rignt. I guessMike Blake is over here somewhere.I may get a chance to see him. Weare in about four hours ride ofFrance, but don't know exactly whenwe are going over there. There is abig buch of boys going to London today, and I will get to go to-morrow."I am still in the culinary department and like it very much. We getplenty to eat, but we don't have anything fancy like we did at CampCuster. We get mutton every dayand it goes pretty good, I thank you.When we first got here I could hardlystand up, but now I feel as strong asI ever did in my life. I will be backsoon to see all you again, as we don'tthink this war is going to last muchlonger. . . .Must get to work now, sowith love to all, I am"EARL BLAKE,"Cook, Co. E., 339th Infantry, American Expeditionary Forces."fewWriting from England under dateof August 14, Earl Blake, of Win-Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!j r "Grandpa's Wonder Soap .... 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap 5cGoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box 6cGas Globes, still 1 6cShinola Shoe Polish 1 0cDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 5"OcPost Cards, comics, 8tfor. . . .5cThe following letter, written fromoverseas by Private Chas. R. Bland,a Bourbon county cblored soldier, under date of August 18, was receivedhere by Rev. T. L. Ferguson, pastorof the colored Methodist church:"Somewhere In France,"Sunday, Aug. 18."Rev. Ferguson: Your letter wasreceived a few days ago, and I willsay that each and every boy fromBourbon county was more than delighted to hear from you and themembers of your congregation, asyour letter seemed to add so muchpleasure to our lives while in France."We have just returned from ourevening service, conducted by ourChaplain, Rev. John Smith. OurChaplain at all times is our chief adviser, and is always ready to lend usa helping hand. I will say that theBourbon county boys can always befound on each Sunday at the Y. M. C.A., doing their part in serving OurHeavenly Father, To-night we sang,'God Will Take Care Of Your Folksand 'Jesus, Lover Of My Soul,' andyou have no idea of how these songshave softened the hearts of many ofour soldier boys who have made achange for the right."We have been informed of theservice flag at St. Paul's church, andwe are glad to learn that you are alldoing great work in aiding us inwinning the great war. Each one ofus smiles 'deep down in his heartwhen we learn that we are being remembered with your prayers and theprayers of your congregation, and wepray that you 'will continue prayingfor us. May God be with you andyour congregation until we meetagain. This is written to you for theBourbon county selects by yourfriend and their friend."PVT. CHAS. R. BLAND,"Co. A., 515th Engrs. Serv. Bn., A.P. O., 713, American ExpdtryForces."is mGET OUT THE MELTING POTYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash Store111 TakePOSTUM!you hear it moreand more when oneissked what he IIhave for his morn. ing drink. .-Delightful aromaand xaste,and freedom -from the discomforts that gowith coffee.Nourishing healthful, economical;No Waste at aTi1-,an important item.these days. GiveINSTANT POSTUMatrialIn the olden days when our forefathers were fighting the Indians fora foothold for freedom upon America's shores the attacks were ferquently as bloodthirsty as those thathave lately featured the battles of theMarne.Then, when the bullet supply began running short, the women wouldget out the melting pot and themolds and make another batch. Andthey would keep their men at theportholes always supplied. For, unless the red-skins were beaten off,worse than death would be their portion, as they well knew.With the ruthless, cruel Germanhordes battering at the frontiers offreedom to-day the same conditionsthreaten.One again the men are at the portholes in the trenches beating offthe ultra-modern savages who wouldenslave the world. If they fail inthis, life may be worth living, butwe doubt it.We who are left behind must furnish the bullets.So get out the-jmelting pot, whichin this day is the savings account.Throw in the lead, which is theproducts of the work of your handsand brain.And nass on the bullets whichyour dollars will buy the Yanks.Let the Fourth Liberty Loan campaign be your workshop.5 l 1Casao is the most important cropof Pureto Plata, and, after sugar, theleading export of the Dominican republic. Pa f feIt doesn't make any difference howrich a man is, his wife can alwaysfind something in him to find faultSOCIAL AND. PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Maes Napier has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Roy Vansant, inCynthiana.Mrs. Annie Gillispie and Mrs.Edsell Clarke, of Little Rock, are atOlympian Springs.Miss Minerva Sue Boardman hasentered Kentucky University at Lexington, as a student.Mr. Hollis Dalzell has entered asa student at the Kentucky WesleyanCollege, in Winchester.Miss Tillie Larue, of Shawhan,is visiting her niece, Miss Corilla Eberhardt, in Georgetown.Squire Lan J. Fretwell is confined to his home on Cypress streetwith an attack of lumbago.Mrs. Nellie Ryan has returned toher home in Covington, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser.Miss Edith Culvertson, of Cincinnati, is visiting friends and relatives in this city and county.Mrs. C. L. Barr and children, ofJackson, Miss., are guests of Mr. andMrs. Clifton Dalzell, in this city.Mrs. Edward C. Keller anddaughter, Miss Edna, have returnedirom a visit to relatives in Richmond.Mrs. Mary B. Conway, of Dayton, O., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Grant Denton, at the Fordham Hotel.Mrs. Frank Jacobs is a natienti at St. Joseph's Hosnital. in Lexinsr-ton, where she is under medicaltreatment.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Barr andgrandson, Robert Watkins, of Blackwell, Okla., are visiting relatives inthis county.Mrs. John Dean and Mrs. Edward Burke have returned frojm avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan,in Frankfort.Miss Bessie Feeback, of the Atlanta, Georgia, City Hospital, is aguest of her mother, Mrs. Sallie Feeback, on Seventh street.Mrs. Sue Kelly and son, HughKelley, have returned to their homein Georgetown, after a visit tofriends and relatives in Paris.Miss Edna Snapp, of this city, isa student at the University of Kentucky for the fall term, having matriculated at the institution Monday.Lexington Herald: "Mrs. AddieEdwards, of Bourbon county, hasgone home after a visit to her cousin,Mrs. R. T. Wallace, of Delmare avenue." Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Hash andchile on, Miss Helen Hash and Mr.Everett Hash, have arrived fromIllinois for a visit to relatives nearParis.Miss Mary Neal Green, who hasbeen a guest of her cousin, MissEdna Keller, in this city, for severaldays, has returned to her home inRichmond.Miss Juliet Turner, daughter ofMrs. Edward P. Turner, of nearParis, has entered as student at Hamilton College, Lexington, for theschool term.Mr. Russell Clayton has returned to Dayton, Ohio, after a short visitto relatives in Paris. Mr. Clayton hask position in a big munition manufacturing plant in Dayton.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Hinton haveas guests at their home on Fifteenthstreet Mr. and Mrs. Howard Sheridanand little daughter, and Mrs. JohnSheridan, of St. Joseph, Mo.Turney Clay and John Clay,sons of Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Clay,of Paris, have re-entered PurdueUniversity, at Lafayette, Indiana, tocomplete their course of training inscientific agriculture.Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Powerand Mrs. Edward Prichard attendedthe funeral and burial of Mr. Powers'nephew, Louis B.Threlkeld, in Maysville. Young Threlkeld" died after anoperation for appendiciais.Mr. Keith Phillips has returnedto his home in Atlanta, Georgia, after a visit to his wife and son, at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. James L. Douglas, in this city. Mrs. 'Phillips andson will remain for; a while longer.Mrs. Buckner Woo'dford entertained a number of guests with a teanartv at the Red Cross Tea Room.Wednesday afternoon, in honor ofher niece, Miss Elizabeth Clay, wholeaves next week to attend school. A.special salad course and hot chocolate were srved the guests.Mrs. .Dan Lloyd and daughter,Miss Judith Lloyd, of Mason county,have been recent guests of Mr. and.Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, on Houstonavenue. Mrs. Lloyd returned to herhome, while her daughter went toLexington, where she has enteredHamilton College for the school term.Mr. Louis Earlywine has returned to his professional duties in Chicago, after a pleasant visit to friendsand relatives in Paris and the county.Mrs. Earlywine will remain for alonger visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. U. Boardman. "Coonie" interviwed all the old fishing places onStoner Creek during his stay and revisited scenes of childhood days. Hisparting words were, "There's no vacation on earth so good as comingback to good old Paris."Mrs. F. M. Nelson and daughter,Miss Malessa Nelson, were hostessesthis week at their home on Massieavenue to a party composed of Mr.George W. Durham, of Palatha, Fla.,Mrs. Geo. Ratliff, of Cincinnati, Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Prather, of Georgetown, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Hewsonand daughter, of Bourbon, Mr. andMrs. Lloyd Nelson, of Winchester,and Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Fry, of Lexington. Mr. Durham was called homeTuesday on business matters. Theparty were also guests of Mr. and;Mrs. H. G. Nelson at a dining givenat their home in Henry Addition.(Other Personals on Page 5.)Grand Opening iof Our New and EnlargedISECOND-FLOOR IDEPARTMENTFEATURING NEW FALL APPAREL FORWomen and Misses,Juniors, Children and Infants ITUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,SEPTEMBER 17th AND 18thThis department has been undergoing reconsructionfor the last six weeks. But now it is completed. Thefixture builders have added the finishing touches to it and'it is at last ready for business.The changes that have been made in it allow us alarge amount of floor space, much more, in fact, than wehad at our disposal before these changes were consummated. So we are able to display much larger lines ofNew Fall Apparel and present you with more varied assortments for choice.We would like to have you see this new and. enlargeddepartment, and have you tell us what you think of it;and we here extend a cordial invitation to you to pay- it avisit at your leisure.No attempt will be made to induce you to purchase.But if, however, you see fit to do so of your own accordyou will find the prices the apparel you like is quotingwill make the immediate purchasing of it well worth yourwhile.m1iniinmiiOur DoorsWill Be Open at Nine.WOLF,WILECO.LEXINGTON, KY.FARMERSWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others.,We Can Demonstrateft to You Any Day9,000 .NUKSES NEEDEDMore than 9,000 additional nurseswill be required to meet the needsof the army alone between now andJan. 1, Brig. Gen. Charles Richaid,acting surgeon general, announced indenying the report that nursing needsof the arriiy had been met.In "less than a year, he said, 50,-000 nurses will be required to meetC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant &i .'--1 with.the demand. . Nfi 3. Ci,J.Ttfl fOfl" "fw'"W&3FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, lSir.;' 't I .-tt ?r Vfofcrjj )t .;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.MAJOR BLAHEY, WELL-KHOWNHERE, DECORATED PORBRAVERYMajr Lindsay Blaney, formerly ofDanvflle, and well-known in Paris,has been named Military Attache ofthe Commission for French-AmericanAffairs,, according to reports received herfc recently. He has beendecorated frith, the Croix de Guerrefor dash, courage and coolness in action, 'and jias been made "officer ofthe first-class" of the Chasseurs Alpine, 'the "Blue Devils." He receivedthe appointment as Military Attacheat the 'personal instigation of Commissioner Tardieu.Major Blaney married Miss CoraSouth, forpierly of Frankfort, whohas beefc a frequent visitor in Paris,as has Maj. Blaney. He graduatedat Centre College, in Danville, wherehe at one time occupied the chair ofModern Languages. He is a nativeof Houston, Texas, and fought withthe British before Ypres, with a noted French division near Amiens, andwas with the staff of the UnitedStates, army at Chateau-Thierry. Mrs.Blaney, -as a young woman, was oftena guest'at the home of Mr. and Mrs.J. W.' Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. JohnT, Hintpn, and many other familiesjn this city during the social seasons2-nd a;t the old Bourbon Fair., Sa K3 s- -w. a mm at wrtrnrc ""The Little Rock School began'Monday -with an enrollment of ninety. The faculty is composed of B. M,Roberts, principal; Princie Gaines,Mabel' Wasson, Mrs. Charles Pratherand Catherine If. Eskridge teachers,tiie latter in music and elocution.The Paris colored schools, tinderthe supervision of Prof. F. M. Wood,had a very auspicious opening with. total enrollment of 270 pupils. TheWestern Kjh School had an enroll-HieUL UJ. lUttJ JJUjijis. v.iwi .,cwi-ers are employed; , wAn Ordinance, T"CPAUTHORIZING, EMPOWERINGAND DIRECTING THE MAYORAND PROPER OFFICERS OFTHE CITY OF PARIS, KY., ONBEHALF OF SAID CITY TO ENTER INTO AND EXECUTE ACONTRACT WITH W.H.WEISS,AND PROVIDING FOR THECARRYING OUT OF THETERMS AND CONDITIONS OFSAID CONTRACT.Be It Ordained By The Board OfCouncil Of The City Of Paris, Ky.:SECTION 1. That the Mayor andthe proper officers of the City ofParis, Ky., for and on behalf of saidCity be, and they hereby are authorized. PTrmcvwered and directed to enter into and execute a contract with!TV. H. Weiss m words and figures,as follows, towit:Paris, Kentucky.Sept. 17, 1918.W. H. Weiss,Consulting Engineer,Kansas City, Missouri.Dear Sir:The Board of Council of the City;of Paris, Ky., which City is hereinafter referred to as the City, is advised that it has for some years past,contrary to law, paid to the ParisGas & "Electric Company, Inc., forstreet lighting, sums of money largely in excess of the reasonable valueof said service, and that it is the dutyof the Board of Council to protectthe taxpayers and therefore, to seekto recover any and all monies heretofore paid said Company contraryto law. The Board of Council has,therefore, decided to and will promptly and diligently prosecute all claimsand demands against said Companyon that account to a conclusion. Inasmuch as expert services are necessary to the City in the prosecution ofsaid claims or demands, the City desires and hereby requests you to servethe City as its expert and to assistit in every reasonable manner in theprosecution of said claims or demands. In consideration of your acceptance in writing of this propositionand your agreement to undertakesaid work or services and to performthe same, the City hereby agrees,binds and obligates itself to pay youas your compensation therefor, a sumequal to forty (40) per cent of anysums of money or its equivalent, thatthe City may in any manner or by anymeans recover, receive or obtain fromsaid Company. And the City willpromptly institute and diligentlyprosecute any and all proceedingsand take all steps and means withinits power expedient and necessary torecover "what may be lawfully due theCity.The City does not hereby delegateor intend to delegate to you any ofits duties and powers, but the Cityexpressly retains and remains supreme in any and all of its dutiesand powers.In Duplicate.CITY OF PARIS, KY.,By E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.Attest:GECs L. DOYLE,Clerk pro tern.Acceptance And AgreementI hereby accept the above andforegoing proposition and agree toundertake the work and to performthe services stipulated therein, forthe purposes and considerationstherein expressed.W. H. WEISS,Kansas City, Mo.SECTION 2. That theMayor andproper officers of the City of Paris,jKy., be and they hereby are -authorized,-empowered and directed to takeAll steps and to do all things whichmay be necessary or proper to carryout the terms and conditions of saidcontract.SECTION 3. That this Ordinanceshall take effect from and after itspassage and publication as providedby law. " .Irnmrnrm nm-n-n -n JTMC A mTT ATI ntlC. D. CRAM. .THE NEWS made announcementsome weeks ago of the death in aCalifornia hospital of Dr. Charles D.Cram, at one time a resident andpopular physician of this city. Dr.Cram had a host of friends here.Knowing this Dr. M. H. pailey wroteto Dr. George H. Voss, of Lakeport,Cali., where Dr. Cram died, askingfor particulars. The reply was, inpart, as follows:"Lakeport, California, Sept. 13."Dear Dr. Dailey:"In answer to yours of the 4thinst, I assure you that the death ofDr. Chas. D. Cram is quite a loss tohis many friends and myself, and tothis community, where he was successful in his practice and quitehighly thought of. The Dr. had serious liver trouble last January, atwhich time he was operated on forgall stones, and with apparent relief. He was able to return to Lakeport, but had again to return to theHospital. . . .After three weeks in theHospital at Ukiah he passed awaywithout pnuch suffering, except forextreme exhaustion."He was quite happy and contented with his work here, and his ownstatement was that he had found theplace at last where he expected tospend the remainder of his life. Hehad many warm friends and enjoyeda very good practice. He was a liberal and kind-hearted man. and Ipresume for this reason he did notaccumulate very much in the last fewjrears, Although he had everythinghe wished fpr, and his practice produced enough to make life enjoyablefor hijm I am sending you copiesof the local papers, and I shall beglad to advance any further information if desired. iim,. "Yours Very Truly,'GEO. H. VOSS.""r,W4p5JAMERICAN CITIZENS OF DRAFTAGE ALL SIGNED,ML'"Complete returns " r"om iastThursday's registra in 31 statesand the District of Columbia, showing ail enrollment of 7,651,252 men,as against the official estimate of 7,623,350, led Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder to announce that it is veryplain that practically every livingman of the new registration agescame forward:"There is no shortage between thenumber of men that exist, alive, andthe nujmber that registered," saidGeneral Crowder. "This is where wehave scored a national triumph."General Crowder pointed out thatbefore the registration his office estimated on the basis of figures furnished by Acturial and census experts that the registration wouldtotal 12,778,758 and that the returnsso far received indicated that theactual registration would be at least12,670,000.With the returns from Perry county in, the total registration of menin Kentucky between the ages of 18and 45 is 272,000, which is 18,000more than the estimate placed on theState. In a communication to localboards Major Henry Rhodes, Chiefof the Selective Service Department,expressed the opinion that the localboards will handle the classificationof men in the same manner as thatexercised in the registration.Pa PSPLACE YOUR ORDER NOW FORRED ASH COAL.Having connected myself with theRaymond Coal Company, will have ina few days plenty of best of "RedAsh Coal." Due announcement willbe made of its arrival. 'Place your order withW. C. DODSON, Manager.(17-tf)REDCROSS WORK AMONG THECOLORED PEOPLE.An auxiliary of the BourbonCounty Red Cross has been organizedfor work among the colored peopleof the city and county, and will takean active part in the approachingcampaign for the floating of theFourth Liberty Loan, and in all waractivity work. The officers of theorganization are: Mrs. B. L. Hutsell,chairman; Mrs. B. J. Martyn, vicechairman; Mrs. F. M. Wood, secretary, and Mrs. M. E. Graves, treasurer. la a taTHE GOOD SHIP "LIBERTY LOAN"German submarines have takentremendous toll of the allied oceanshipping during the last two years.Merchantman, armored cruiser orfishing smack, they have all lookedalike to the Huns. Red Cross shipshave been sent to the bottom; womenand children have been shelled inlifeboats. With them nothing hasbeen respected. All that came theirway has been fair game; it has beenopen season ever on the high seas forevery variety of craft.But no German U-boat will be ableto stay the progress of the good ship"Liberty Loan" lifeboat of the world'scivilization.Very shortly the "Liberty Loan"is to put forth once more. It willbe a short voyage but a tremendouslyimportant one to the liberties of theworld. It must be a triumphant one.It must end with, the bands playingand the colors .flying proudly fromthe mast-head. No Spanish galleonof the olden days ever carried such awealth of treasure as the good ship"Liberty Loan" must bring safelyinto port.And all of us, for our honor, ourcountry and our self-respect throughthe years to come, must take part inthis greatest excursion the world hasever witnessed.eGt your badge of loyalty early.Get ready, folks, get aboard.,You cannot afford to.be Jeft.BOYS1 PART IN WAR WORK CA1C-. " paign. ,y v, 3lIn connection with President Wilson's letter to Raymond t).-Fosdick',Chairman of the Commission, onTraining Camp activities, urging thatall American Army Welfare Agencies recognized in Europe by the WarDepartment, combine in their nextappeal for funds, the following statement has been issued by John It.Mott, General Secretary of the National War Work Council of the Y.M. C. A.:"The President has raised a standard to which every man and womanin the nation can and will rally royally. This is not to be a Y. M. C. A.Campaign nor a Salvation Army Campaign. It is to be a campaign for themen 'over there' in France and in thecantonments an this side and on ourgreat ships everywhere, a campaignfor the maintenance and increase ofmorale which, Napoleon said, is toother factors in war as three to one.The dollars given to the common fundwill reach the boys through sevendifferent channels, but every dollarwill be made to do a maximum workand no matter what sign is paintedover the door of any hut and anyhostess house, its door will be opento every boy equally.""The total amount, $170,500,000is tremendous, the largest single giftfor which any people has ever beenasked at one tijme, yet compared withthe figures to which the war has accustomed us, it is not much. Are-cent letter from one of GeneralPershing's staff officers, made thestatement that the work of thesegreat agents is adding at least 10 percent, to the efficiency of our men.If it is worth' $18,000,4)00.000.00 tokeep our boys under arms next year,surely it is worth $170,500,000 tomake them fight 10 per cent, moreefficiently. Nothing in my five visitson the battlefield has impressed memore than the way in which the menof all reljsisys. bodies have hleau)their gainfiflf --yen -untij death Jora supreme cause."This great campaign will give u3a chance to show that the men andwomen at home are capable of raisingto the same heights of splendid cooperation as their representativesover there. If they can stiuggle anddie together to make forever secureour liberties, we can plan and worktogether to get the money needed toserve them."The United War Work Canipaignwill begin Nov. 11, and continue until Nov. 18, inclusive. Coming as itwill after the largest Liberty Loanin the war it is expected by thosehaving the campaign in charge thata very large percentage of contributions will be in the form of LibertyBonds. A $50.00 bond will carry thework of all seven organizations forward for one boldier. A popular slogan of the campaign will be BackYour Boy With a Bond."John D. Reckefeller, Jr., will beChairman of the Campaign in greaterNew York, and prominent men willdirect campaigns in other leadingcities.mtomGOODONES IN FREE-FOR-ALLAT TROTS.Amongst the entries to the Freef or-All Trot at Lexington are the oldrivals, St. Frisco 2:01, and MabelTrask 2:01, along with theiryounger rivals Lux Princeton 2;02!4,Miss Bertha Dillon (4) 2:02y2. Thisis believed to be the most evenlymatched field of very fast horses evergotten together.155 m isRED ASH COAL NOW BEST ONMARKET. ?Don't forget you can get the bestof "Red Ash Coal" at Dodson's yard.Put your order in early.W. C. DODSON.(17-tf)155 6TATTERSALLS HAVE GOOD SALEAT LEXINGTON.The total sum of $19,695 was paidfor 75 yearlings at the annual September auction at Tattersalls heldby the Kentucky Sales Company,Tuesday night. George Bain was incharge of the autioneering. It wasthe unnanimous opinion of the horsemen who attended the sale that thehorses brought good money.The top of the sale was the sisterto Westy Hogan, she going to B. J.Brannon, of Kansas City, for $2,500.The next highest was a Rapid Watercolt out of Sindringhapn Belle for $2,200 and he went to J. C. Milam, agood chooser. J. D. Offutt paid ?2,000 for a half brother to five winners and A. B. Hancock, of Paris, gotthe half sister to Cock 'o the Walk,etc., for $2,000.A colt by Robert Kay, one of Madam Junet, donated by T. P. and G.H. Clay to the Kentucky AssociationRed Cross Committee, was sold atauction, and the sum total appliedto the $40,000 being raised by thethoroughbred breeders of the Stateas their contribution to the $300,000fund to be raised in the U. S. by theracing interests for the Red Crossfund.fa fe ISTAKE OURS POR PATTERNThe Winchester Democrat sometime ago expressed unqualified approval of our Community Chorus, andsuggested that Winchester shouldhave a similar organization. Nowthe Democrat wants a drupi andbugle corps. They should inspectour Liberty Drum and Bugle Corpson parade some day, with chief promotor and grand marshal Roxie Davis in the lead. The Democrat says:"Public spirited citizens are atwork trying to organize a drum corpsfor Winchester. A band will finallybe organized if the drum corps provessuccessful. There is no reason whyWinchester cannot finance a band.One is badly needed here, and there ismuch talent if it could be developed.Let us all boost the movement."m vA wagonload of wine contributedby King George V. to the Red CrossREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES'Mr. John Eldridge sold at publicauction Monday on the premises nearCenterville all his live stock, farmingimplements, kitchen and householdfurniture, etc., all bringing goodprices. Mr. Eldridge, who is in illhealth, will, with his family, jmoveto Colorado to reside.Mr. and Mrs. Carl L. Long haveleased the frame bungalow of MissLucy Simms, on Mt. Airy avenue,lately occupied by Mrs. H. C. Buckner, and will move there to reside.Mr. Long some time ago purchasedthe farms of Sam Houston and Calvin Jones, near Jacksonville.Harris & Speakes, of Paris, soldat public auction for Bart W. Wilson,his farm of twenty-seven acres nearMoorefield, in Nicholas county to Vice& Biddle, of Carlisle, f6r $260 peracre.Through the Paris Realty Co., Mr.J. R. Johnson, of Paris, purchased ahouse and lot on South Clifton avenue, belonging to Mr. Richard Stuart, at a private price. Mr. and Mrs.Johnson will occupy the propertyOctober 1.One of the largest land deals inCentral Kentucky in recent yearswas made at Lexington, when thefamous bluegrass farm known as theSolomon VanMeter place, near Lexington, was sold at public auctionfor a grand total of $264,487.48.The farm was divided into fourtracts, which sold as follows: TractNo. 1, of 138.88 acres, sold to R. O.Chambers, of Carlisle, for $66,037.44; Tract No. 2, of 64.72 acres', soldto Harp, Milburn & Mclntyre, of Lex'-'ington, for $25,952.72; Tract No. 3,of 196.47 acres, was purchased byFlorence, Wilson & South, of Fayette county, for $60,905.75; TractNo. 4 sold for $290 an. acre to Reed& Henry; Tract $o. ijg Uacres, wa5 old to s7 S. Jones, forJ , an acre; McLoney & Ammermanbought Tract No. 6, of 126.95 acres,for $36,708.32.S3 E3 P3B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts:enLIVES LOST IN BUTTONFACTORY FIRE.Trapped in a cloak room on the topfloor, eight girls, a boy and a manperished in a fire which destroyedthe plant of the American ButtonCompany, at Newark, New Jersey,Tuesday afternoon. Another girlwas killed when, seeking to escapefrom the fla(mes, she leaped from awindow. Nine other girls were injured, several probably fatally. At2 o'clock the factory hummed withthe industry of moie than three hundred girls engaged in making buttonsfor army and navy uniforms. At 3:30the building was a flame-swept ruin,the top floor of which formed a tombfor workers who had been driven intothe cloak room by flames and spioke.At 4:30 the fire was virtually extinguished and the task of identifyingvictims begun.The fire started in the cans of lacquer on the second floor, according toSuperintendent Frederick W. Goerdes, who said that an explosion resulted when a defective insulatedelectric wire came in contact withone of the cans.1 P3.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.t 183 1 USCFYNTHIANA MAN INJURED INATJTO ACCIDENT.I-Newell Fisher Jenkins, aged thirty,of Cynthiana, suffered a broken backTuesday morning when the steeringgear of the machine in which he wasriding on the Cynthiana pike, neararis, broke, causing the machine torun over an embankment at the sideof the road. The accident happenednear the bridge over Cooper's Run,near Paris.Jenkins, with three other youngmen from Cynthiana, were en routetp Lexington, in their machine, forthe purpose of presenting an appealtb the Medical Advisory J3oar& inregard to their being rejected, forafrmy service. Jenkins was drivingthe machine, and when at a pointi(ear the bridge, the steering gearbroke or becajme entangled in sucha way as to cause him to lose controlof the machine, which turned over.Jenkins was caught under the car,while his companions were thrownclear of the wreck. One of the boyssustained a gash in one hand, but theOthers were uninjured.Jenkins was removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where it was found after an examination, that his back had been broken,and that his skull was fractured.Jenkins has a wife and two children,who were summoned to his bedside.An operation was performed at theHospital by the physicians in chargein the hope of saving his life.GOOD USEFUL SHORTHORNS TOBE SOLD AT AUCTIONt Goff & Rice offer 35 choice Shorthorns to be sold Sept. 26 cows,calves, heifers, bulls.(20-2t)smisHELD TO GRAND JURY.f James Humphries, a farmer livingSear Muir, close to the Bourbon andFayette county line, was presented inJudge Batterton's court on a chargeo vagrancy, ' the warrant havingbeen sworn out by hs father-in-law,W. R. Barnes. The latter also sworeout a warrant against Humphries ona charge of carrying concealed weapons. t Humphries waived examination tothe charge of carrying concealedweapons, and was admitted to bailin the sum of $100, Judge Battertonholding him to await the action ofthe grand jury at the next term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court. Humphries was represented by AttorneyJohn J. Williams, while County Attorney D. D. Cline rnntfnp.tprt tfcaFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSiChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSFRANK & CO.TOBACCO CUTTERS WORK SUNDAYS TO SAVE CROPSFarmers are very busy cuttingand housing a fine crop of tobacco.The late rains have jmade a greatoutcome in the crop, and growersare having trouble in getting help tohandle the weed. The cool weatherwith threatened frost hastened theirefforts to get their crops safely underproper shelter.All kinds of prices are being offered for farm labor since the last callfrom the county of a large number ofboys from the farms. In some sections of the county the work of saving the crops was pushed with allavailable help during the past twoSundays.The 1918 crop is pronounced byexperts to be of an unusually goodquality and should bring very goodprices when the vlocal market opensup for business.1 fe 1E1NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.Germany has built three .newbridges across the Rhine and willneed 300 when the rush for home begins. Wanted.Second-hand Furniture of allkinds. Stoves, bothHome phone 360.(20-3t)gas and coal.J. ELVOVE.PUBLIC SALEOF35 Head of Registered Shar thorn CattleScotch and Scotch TopsThursday, Sept2fU918, 1 P.M.Cows with calves at foot, cows and heifers bred; a few bullsof serviceable age.One calf to be given for the benefit of the Red Cross.Sale to be held at the farm of Luther K. Rice, 5 miles fromPans, on the Clmtonville pike.GOFF & RICE,(20-2t) ' 1,7: . " ' P, Kentucky-miiBluegrass FarmFor Rent onCourt DayThe undersigned, as agent of MissLetitia Clay, and Committee ofGeorge Clay, will offer for rent, publicly, at the Court House door, Paris,.Kentucky,On October 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock a. m., 209.4 acres ofland belonging to Miss Letitia Clay,and 50 acres belonging to GeorgeClay, the 259.4 acres to be rented to-1 gether.Said farms are located on the Winchester pike, 5 miles from Paris, andcontaining a dwelling, two tenanthouses, other necessary buildings,never-failing water, and to be cultivated as follows: 74.28 acres Inhemp or corn, (now in hemp); 90.3Sacres in wheat, (now frr corn about48 acres to be sowed with the wheatin timothy, clover next spring, and42.3"8 acres with, the wheat in grass,clover in the spring, owners to furnish seed, and tenant to sow withoutcharge) ; 2.1.5 acres to continue intimothy,, and 73.24 acres to remain,in grass. Tenant must cut weeds,but no trees.TERMS: Negotiable notes for onehalf of the rental price-, payable September 1, 1919, and on March 1,1920, with interest from maturity.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids.The larms will be shown from MissLetitia Clay's residence, or by the undersigned. H. CLAY HOWARD.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.C20-td)s.o mJld at auction fr, $5,500., ,kprosecutian. ,- kyi .1.- -,.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1918(SjyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, XT.;FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comtegs and Goings of OarPeople Here, There and' Elsewhere.is visitingFOR SALE.o!lio Fultz Seed Wheat, thor0UfhIydeaned.RENT&BRo v (30aug-tf)is Pa )5BPRESERVING PEARSPlenty of preserving pears for to-JoV ond to-morrow.day ana c p QQQK & QQll m m tPURCHASES GARAGE.Mr A C. Dodson, of Paris, liasrmrch'ased the Douglas Garage, onK street, from 3Ir. A. V. Douglas,fnd tv ill take possession on Oct. 1.Mr Douglas will move to a farm nearShepfrerdsville, Ky., which he purchased recently. 'TS ISTTTTS PELLOW IS SURE SOME1 EXPERT.On the farm of Mr. John Woodford,on the Winchester pike, near Paris,ast week, Will English, of Paris,cutting a tobacco crop for WillisKeys, cut 5,027 sticks of tobacco in38 "hours, receiving $50,27 for thelabor of thirty-eight hours,1 pTAKES NEW POSITION."" Having accepted the position, ofinstructor in the Fifth and SixthGrades in Millersburg College, MissEthel Rice has resigned her positiona assistant at the Daugherty Bros,sioie. Miss Rice wa ever accommodating and attentive to patrons oftLe Daugherty Bros., in the departments over which she presided, andwill be greatly missed by both patron of the store and her manyfriends. - - 'IK 1 BCHOICE SHORTHORNS AT AUCTION CALF GIVEN TO THERED CROSS.At Goff & Rice's sale, Sept. 26, of35 head of registered Shorthorn cattle a calf will be given to Red cross.(20-2t)OAK A3SD CYPRESS TOBACCOSTICKS RESERVE YOUR NEEDSPlenty of tobacco sticks on hand,oak and cypress. Call us and haveus reserve what you need.BOURBON LUMBER CO.(20-2t)YX IS lfcTEACHERS' EXAMINATION.High School graduates of Bourboncounty will be given an opportunityto become school teachers. To-dayand to-morrow, State examinationsfor white teachers will be held in theoffice of County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood.There are a number of vacanciesin the pulic schools of the countyand those who pass the examinationcan put in their applications beforethe Board of Education, which willjmeet to-morrow afternoon in theoffice of the County Superintendent inthe court house.bs la isMASS MEETING AT COURT HOUSETHURSDAY.A public jmass meeting will be heldat the court house on next Thursdaynight at 7:30 o'clock for the purposeof perfecting arrangements for thecoming Fourth Liberty Loan drive inBourbon county.At this meeting plans and suggestions for featuring the campaign inthe city and county will be proposedand discussed and the most feasibleones adopted. It is aimed to giveBourbon county a rousing start inthe campaign, that her record inother recent ones may be kept up.Local speakers of ability will bepresent and address the audience.The general public is urged to attendthis mass meeting, and by their presence lend encouragement to thosewho will have the initial work of thecappaign in hand. All the committees must be on hand at this meeting.PMIlIflVISIT THE RACKET STORE MONEY SAVING PRICES PREVAILWhen you come to town Saturdaystop and see our ginghams and outings. Buy early and avoid the highPrices later.THE PARIS RACKET STORE.(13-3t)S TS 3INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thenam against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.KEDEEM W. S. S. PLEDGES ATTHE POSTOPEICEPostmaster J. Walter Payne said,yesterday thct those persons in thej una county wno naa receivednotice from the chairman of the WarSavings Stamp campaign, notifyingthejm that their pledges to buy WarSavings Stamps had not been fulfilled,should call at the postoffice and havetheir purchases marked on the cardsn file there if they had boughtstamps elsewhere.During the War Savings Stampanve in this city and county manyPeople pledged to buy their stampsat the Paris postoffice, and have sincejnade many purchases at drug stores,banks and other places. Their original pledge cards, however, are filedwith the postmaster, and much confusion and annoyance has resultedbecause the cards there do not showrecords of purchases made elsewhere.PostolSLSfpr Pavno rr "his nRKiKt&TltJ?will be glad; to bring the entries on Jthe cards up to date. "Miss Mary Welchfriends in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Garjcett Jeffersonhave rented the Homer Kiser cottage,on Cypress street.Mrs. Frank Clay and Misses Stella and Rena Owens were recent visitors in Cincinnati.Mrs. Phoebe Shackleford has returned from a summer's stay at LakeChautaqua, New York.Mrs. Alex Graves has returnedto her home near Paris, after a visitto friends in Frankfort.Mrs. Swift Champe left yesterday afternoon for a several days' stayat Norton Infirmary, in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Christmanand son, of Philadelphia are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. John Christman, Sr.Mrs. John Payne and daughter,Miss Pansy Payne, of Warsaw, Ky.,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. WalterPayne.Mr. John R. Brooker, of Augusta, Ky., is spending the week asa guest of Mr. P. B. Evans andfamily.Mrs. Harry Saloshin and daughter, of Sopierset, are guests of Mrs.Louis Saloshin and family, on Pleasant street.Miss Josephine Shawhan, ofnear Paris, has resumed her schoolstudies at the State Normal School,at Richjmond.Miss Augusta Behrman, of Newport, arrived yesterday to be a guestof her sister, Mrs, J. W; Bacon, andMr. Bacon, on Cypress street.Mrs. Merritt J. Shobe and babe,of Salem, New Jersey, will arrive tomorrow for a visit to Mrs. HenryButler and family, on Vine street.Mr. Isaac Clay, a former residentof Paris, is here from Lawrenceburgfor a visit to his sister, Mrs. LizzieClay, and other Bourbon county relatives, Miss Fannie Heller has enteredas a. student in the University ofKentucky, at Lexington, for the fallterm.Mrs. Thos. Conway and daughter, Mrs. R. B. Conway, who havebeen guests of Mrs. J. MorganBrowne, left yesterday for their homein Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. White Varden anddaughter, Miss Mildred, are at thehome of the latter's parents, Mr. andMrs. D. C. Lisle, near Paris, for anextended visit.Mrs. Andrew Fry(man, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for several weeks, isconvalescent and able to return toher home near Centerville.Mrs. Warren Rogers, of nearCane Ridge, in this county, accompanied by Mrs. Howard French, ofMt. Sterling, has gone to New YorkCity to visit relatives and friends.Mr. Albert Plummer and familyattended the funeral at Nicholasville,Monday, of little Ruby Linville,daughter of Dr. and Mrs. S. M. Linville, who formerly resided in thiscounty.Mrs. John S. Talbott, of NorthMiddletown, and Mrs. Sam Hardin, ofnear Paris, are patients at the MassieMemorial Hospital, where they bothrecently underwent operations. Theyare reported doing nicely.With the return to college andschools of the young people of thecommunity, society is again in the"nothing-doing" stage, and untiltheir return during the autumn holidays, will likely remain so.In Columbus, Ohio, on Sept. 17,to the wife of Mr. Harold Johnson,formerly of Paris, a fine daughter.The news was received here in theshapsNof a telegram from Mr. Johnson to his sister, Miss Sue Johnson.The proposed class in surgicaldressing has been indefinitely postponed by request of Miss Lida Haf-ford, State Superintendent, an account of the shortage of gauze. Announcement will be made on a laterdate of the resumption of the class.Members of the class are requestedto note this change.Mrs. F. G. Gordon, of Nashville,Tenn., formerly Miss Ruth Morgan,of Paris, is expected here soon as aguest of Miss Belle Horton, nearParis. Messages received here byfriends told of the safe arrival overseas of Rev. Carey E. Morgan, Mrs.Gordon's father, for many years pastor of the Paris Christian church.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Thos. J. Havens was here Monday,having returned some time agofrom California He is now livingat Shawhan, Bourboa countySammy Dudley, Marion Rhodes, J.Myall Collins and J. Smoot Wilsonleft here Wednesday morning to attend M. M. I., at MillersburgThos. S. Drennan came in frOjm Bourbon county Friday -nignt last.Mr. and Mrs. B. Frank Goodmanand son, Master James FranklinGoodman, of Peru, Ind., came in yesterday for a visit to Mrs. Goodman'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. James McNamara, and family, on Pleasant street."Goody" is looking in the pink ofcondition, and says he enjoys his vacation trip to Paris as much, as hedid in playing ball here. He wasgiven a hearty reception by his oldfriends here.(Other Personals on Page 3)JSi S TSiSUPEBmTENDENT EXPRESSESAPPROVAL"i"I am greatly gratified at the patriotic response of the people of Parisgenerally to the request of the President of the United States to see thattheir children are kept in school,"said Superintendent of Schools LeeKirkpatrick."Our attendance for the past weekhas been one of the largest for theopening weeks of any school year formany years," he continued. "This Iattribute to the universal willingness of every parent, rich or poor, todo what the President says is necessary to be done in order to win thewar."Even old offenders, parents whohave been careless for vears aboutthe attendance of their children, arein line, and their little ones are inschool and ready for work along withthose who I understand from my predecessors have never given anytrouble about their attendance."We are not expecting the TruantOfficer to have much to do. The poorare appreciating as never before thebenefits of education, and boys wholeft the High School last year nowsee the mistake they made in failingto cojmplete their education, and havereturned to us this term. It showsthe proper spirit all around, andtaken all in all, the outlook for asuccessful school year for the Parisschools is a very bright one, indeed.Speaking modestly, I will say for themembers of the faculty and myself,that we will leave nothing undonethat will tend to improve the ParisHigh School, and to make it as nearperfect as men, women and modernmethods can do."yps i y - -GOFF & RICE SALE THURSDAY,SEPT. 26, 1918.Shorthorns cows, calves, heifers,bulls attend the sale.GOFF & RICE.(20-2t)A GEEAT RACE.Miss Harris M, 1:58, William1:59 &, Single G l:59y2, NapoleonDirect 1:594, Hal Boy 2:01, LizzieMarch 2:03M, are the entries in theFree-for-AU Pace to "be contested atLexington, Wednesday, Oct. 2nd.This is the first time in the history ofracing where four horses with recordsbetter than 2:00 have been enteredin one race. Good judges predictthat 2:00 will be beaten in everyheat.is Ba isSTREET IMPROVEMENT WILLNECESSITATE REMOVINGTREES.A large number of ornamentalshade trees on various streets inthe city are doomed to give way tothe march of progress and the improvement of streets. Already a largenumber have been cut down on Duncan avenue, a-nd others on the Vinestreet side of the city are parked forremoval, some of them havingalready fallen before the axe.In order to widen the street at thatpoint the trees on Vine street fromDuncan avenue to the foot of Vine,near the present home of Dr. MarthaPetree, have been removed, and others will soon go. This is made necessary by street repairs and to getmore room for curbing. Trees thathave been pushing their rootsthrouerh the navements at differentpoints in the city will also have tobe removed. "Woodman, spare thattree," will be of no avail when theimprovements have to be made."T ' i ".3S1sadJ1-iAmaS13s11!-AIisClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:4Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.rcffiwMfiTOyMake the ComingWinter Hours AsCheerful as Possible"SIT STRATE"WHITEThe Pride of theHomeTHE BED CROSS TEA ROOMS BECOMING POPULAR.In New York it was "Meet me atDelmonico's," or "Lunch with me atSherry's." But in Paris (Ky.) youwpuld have to name as one of themost popular places the Red CrossTea Rooms. The following is themenu for. to-day:Home-made Creajm of TomatoSoup; Old Ham; Potato Chips; SweetPotatoes; Baked Apples with Marshmallow and Jelly; Beaten Biscuit andHot Rolls; Chicken Salad; AngelFood Cake; Marshmallow Sauce; Coffee; Hot Tea; Ice Tea; Sweet Milkja-ndwiches.Sit Strate! it makes for health;And health's no trifle, it iswealthOf great value to young andold, AWorth more by far than gems ofgold.It's use means stitching thatwill please,Of sewing done with greatestease;Of satisfaction beyond measureThe "Sit Strate" WJiite! ah, 'tisa Treasure.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main .We can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and Rugsr ..yIt will mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andsnug and "homey" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight expense if you will make your selections from our very complete stocks.Always bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods.We shall be glad to see youJUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUB:THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAkJNfl"EITIiERPHONE" 36mrnmmwtrtmmSIXTH ANO MAIM SYo- mrPMMwEmwtwFlimmmmmt 4?.iUMmFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, lflfP1GESHTHE BOUHBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.SNOW RAISES600 CHICKENSAfter Being Relieteil of Or.f anic Trouble 5by Lydia E.Pinkham' VegetableCompound.Oregon, 111. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham'i Vegetable Compound for an or-erartin " V1 titVi1-pulled me down until I could not put myfoot to the floor anucould scarcely do mywork, and as I liveon a small farm andraise six hundredchickens every yearit made it very hardfor me."I saw the Compound advertised inour paper, and triedit. It has restoredmy health so I can do all my work andI am so grateful that I am recommending it to my friends." Mrs. D. M.Alters, R. R. 4, Oregon, 111.Only women who have suffered the tortures of such troubles and have draggedalong from day to day can realize therelief which this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, brought to Mrs. Alters.Women everywhere in Mrs. Alters'condition should profit by her recommendation, and if there are any comSlications write Lydia E. Pinkham'sedicine Co., Lynn, Mass., for advice.The result of their 40 years experienceis at your service.Thus far the United States hasloaned to the allied governments forwar purposes $6,492,040,000. TheAllies are now borrowing from us$10,000,000 a day.feKlQEverybody admits that life is agame of give and take, but too manypeople want to be on the takers' side.fcMGHTElCffter v v yNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.&seGlectricityfor EigWingIt's the only satisfactory way.'Use StasTor fieating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)For One Week OnlyNEW FALL HATSin Felts and Velvetsat $2.95 eachThese are all new hats atthis price. Don't miss thischance.I NEW FALL BOOTSin the latest styles andshades, mahogany, brown,battle ship grsy and black.All sizes.New Coats and Suitson display. Come in andsee them.Watch Our WindowsFor Bargains.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.MBMBHIMl.r r IiJI! . 'T 'V fAMAYOR !&$&&$ V-EfTS-OWTHE EEECTBIC UGHT KATECONTROVERSY.The following communicationfrom Mayor January has heen. giVe-nout for publication. The article;setsforth the ''Mayor's views 'in regard tothe controversy between the city ofParis and the Paris Gas & ElectricCompany as to the rates charged bythe latter eoncern:That the electric light and powerrates charged by the Paris Gas &Electric Company to the City andthe people of Paris are and have beenfor years palpably unjust and unreasonable; that the Company hasconducted its affairs in an arbitrarymanner in utter disregard of its dutiesand obligations are common knowledge. It is the duty of this Companyunder its franchise to furnish adequate and reliable electric service atreasonable and just charges to theCity of Paris for lighting its streetsand to the people for lighting andpower. The franchise permits it tocharge a maximum rate of 12 centsper kilowatt hour of electricity, butthat does not mean that it may chargemore than the service is worth. Theworth of the service is what it coststo produce that service included inwhich cost is the profit, namely, afair return on the fair value of theproperty used for the convenienceof the public and an amount sufficientto replace that property as and whenit wears out in the service or becomesinadequate or new inventions make itinefficient. The same rule applies tothe worth of the street lighting; however, no price for street lighting wasprovided in the franchise.Aside from the fact that the highest rate of electricity for lighting andpower is charged by electric lightcompanies in many other f outh class citiesof Kentucky was and now is 10 centsper Kwh, and as low as 3 cents perKwh, with even lower rates for power,I have always held the opinion thatthe Paris Gas & Electric Companycharged the people of Paris for lightand power and to the City for streetlighting prices that were outrageouslyand grossly in excess of the worth ofthe service, and I was determined, ifever I got the opportunity, to get relief for the people, either from theCompany or by advocating a Cityowned electric light and power plantmanaged and operated in the samemanner and along the same lines ofa privately owned plant.It so happened that shortly afterI assumed the office of Mayor the contract made in 1915 for lighting thestreets, and which attempted to makea contract for three years (then supposed to be a valid contract, sincewhich time, however, we have learned that it was void) was about to expire, and following the establishedcustom, we advertised for proposalsof bids for street lighting. But beingsatisfied that the nature and methodsof the Company would not permit itto restrain its appetite for unjust andunreasonable rates, and inasmuch asthe Company are experts, I felt thatin dealing with it the City would beat a great disadvantage unless it hadthe advice and assistance of an expert. Accordingly I correspondedwith an Engineer who had made thevaluation of the Paris Water Company and who know something of theelectric light situation here, and invited him to visit us to discuss theproblem. On this visit he declinedto express himself as to the rates andcharges until he could study thesituation which he was willing to dofor the City at a certain rate per day.He very frankly told us that thisCompany was apt to adopt dilatorytactics to hinder and delay his work,and that such services as he proposedto render to the City and which wereessential to the successful issue thereof, required the cordial co-operationof the Company, and that unless suchco-operation was had the amount ofhis fee at so much per day would increase so rapidly that the City mightbecome disgusted and throw up thejob. And for that reason he declinedto take the employment at a fixedprice for the work. However, he madeus a proposition, that he would takeas his fee a certain percentage ofthe saving and benefit-that the Cityand its inhabitants would receive asthe result of his work, meaning thatif we got no reduction he would notbe paid anything. We considered thata very fair proposition and made thecontract on that basis. As everybodyknows, Mr. Weiss' predictions as tothe Company's tactics came true.At the same meeting" that aDDrovedthe contract with Mr. Weiss, the Company submitted a bid for street lighting at $77.tu lor the 400 cp and$26.00 for the 80 cp lamp per year,an advance over the former pricesof an average of 15 per cent. Actionthereon was deferred until we couldsubmit the bid to our expert, whopromptly informed us that the priceswere exorbitant. He thereupon requested certain information from theCompany, which, with the exceptionof ascertaining the quantity of thewire, price of lamp fixtures, and sizeof station equipment devoted to streetlighting, was refused. As a result ofhis independent studies, he rendereda report on March 28, showing theworth of the service of the entirestreet lighting to be $4,500 a year,instead of $9,081 as proposed by thebid last submitted, or instead of$8,000 a year as theretofore paid under the void contract aforesaid. TheBoard of Council adopted the reportof its Engineer and voted not to pay theCompany on account of said streetlighting service more than $375 amonth, which has since been donemonthly. Mr. Weiss then took upthe question of the light and powerrates to the people, but again information was refused by the. Comuanv.I assigning as the chief reason for suchreiusai mac its Dusiness was privateand that so long as it did not chargemore than the rates fixed in the franchise the City was not concernedtherein; also on the silly statementthat because of the contingent fee tobe paid our Engineer, Tie could notbe fair to the Company, and it wentso far as to attack Mr. Weiss' standing in his profession by paid advertisements in the newspapers, doubtless hoping thereby to discredit andpossibly eliminate him from the service of the City. But these unfair.methods proved unavailing and tended only to convince the City that itwas on the right track,j To show its defiance of the City'sefforts to protect the people and following its policy to .get all that the"traffic -mil-hear," th 'Gdliiyvanced its rates to private consumersfrom 5 to 20 pter cent antuaiso advanced the minimum charge onmotors in many cases from 50 to 100per cent and threatened "'discontinue the service 6t alL those "whofailed to obey its edict;, going soviras to cut off the service from the CityBuilding because we refused tq paya minimum charge of $20 for cityrock crusher a month against a chkrgeof $2 a-mbnth, which was all that theyhad charged or collected for that service for years prior thereto. TheCity promptly appeaiea to xne courtsand the Company was required torestore the service. Further, it defied the resolution of the Board ofCouncil requesting information as toits property and business in orderthat the Board might be informed asto the reasonableness of charges to thepeople. Thereupon our expert againmade independent studies and basedupon his report, fixed and determinedcertain rates and charges to be reasonable to the people and to the Company alike. These rates were submitted to the Company, and it wasrequested to put them in force by agiven date, or, if it desired to beheard in opposition thereto it wasnotified that the opportunity would begiven it, under conditions, however,that whatever rates might be so fixedor agreed upon finally should accrueto the people as of a definite date, sothat the people would be protectedagainst any further delays causedby the Company. In a conferenceon the matter the Company soughtto induce the City to postpone theenactment of the rate ordinance toan uncertain date, declining howeverto enter into the agreement to odserve said rates or any others thatmight be agreed upon as of a datefixed. Accordingly the ordinance wasenacted and put into effect, but owingto the fact that the Company weAinto the courts and enjoined the enforcement of the ordinance, thepeople have thus far been denied thebenefit of said reduced rates. TheCity hopes to have the case heard onits merits at the November term ofthe court. Our expert now advisesus that the rates fixed in said ordinance are considerably more than thereasonable worth of the service andthat at said rates the Company canstill earn a sum largely in excess ofa fair return reasonable profit onthe fair value of its electric property. We have reason to share hisviews and shall be governed accordingly.Void Contracts.In prosecuting his studies, our expert had to examine the City records,and this enabled him to discover thatin December 1912 the City attemptedto make a contract with the Companyfor two years and in 1915 attemptedto make a contract for three yearsfor the electric street lighting, without submitting the contract to thevote of the people, as is required bythe supreme law of the Commonwealth. Under said contract, had theCity refused to pay the lighting billsthe Company could not have collected one dollar thereof at law. SeeSec. 157 Ky. Constitution. However,since the City did pay these unjustand unreasonable charges for streetlighting, it nevertheless has a claimagainst the Company for all sums inexcess of the reasonable value of said'services for the five years next preceding the date of the institution ofa suit therefor in equity. WorrellMfg. Co. v. Ashland, 159 Ky. 656 andcases there cited; see also 94 American State reports 424 and notes.The City feels confident that it willbe able to prove that the value orworth of the street lighting servicefurnished by the Paris Gas & Electric Company during said five yearsdoes not exceed $4,500 a year, and inasmuch as it has paid an average of$7,500 a year therefor, its claim forreparation will amount to approximately $15,000 plus interest. As theagents of the people and in protection of the taxpayers' money it isthe duty of the Board to seek to recover all monies unlawfully paid forsaid service, and accordingly theBoard has directed the City Attorney to file suit to the next term ofthe court.At the request of the Company,Messrs. Kiser, Merringer and Veatchcomposing the Light Committee, myself, Judge Dundon, and Mr. Weiss,representing the City, had a conference with the officials of the Companyon September 10, but no inclinationwas shown by it to deal frankly andopenly with the City on the mattersat issue, its chief aim seemingly beng to camouflage the City and to tryo get away from making reparationunder said void contract by offering aslight concession in rates and chargesfor street lighting and to private consumers. This opinion was confirmedby the offer it made last Fridnv nfwhich you have already given an account.The City has no disposition to dealother than fairly with the Companybut to do so it must have the factswhich are in posession of the Company with respect to its investment,its revenues and expenses as a basisfor determining what are fair ratesand charges to the people, the Cityand the Company. Of course, theCompany knows that upon thesefacts, rates determined according tothe practice of rate regulatory commissions and principles laid down bythe United States Supreme Court inrate cases and that is what we shalldemand except that we are willingthe Company shall earn a fair return,that is, a rate more than the courtswould declare non-confiscatory, itspresent rates and charges would bematerially reduced. But it has noright to exact or demand more thana reasonable compensation for itsservices, and that, as we have saidwe are perfectly willing it shouldhave. The Board of Council and myself are m agreement on the questionof lawsuits. We did not invite themon the contrary we did everything inour power to avoid litigation, whilethe Company apparently sought it.The Vice President of the Companyat said conference made the statement that it would take years to settle the litigation.City Owned Electric Light and PowerPlant.But the people of Paris have theremedy m their own hands and canapply it. If the Company refuses tomake reasonable rates and expectsthrough litigation to avoid its obligations or to put the Citv miT-vtrouble and expense in enforcing its'.-piist fftaifaiStild-iibt.lJe penrilt-ted to continue the , monopoly of thebusiness -an'dtohat ehd the Cityshould go into the electric light andpower business pn, it,own account.With vthis in- view I have had ourengineer 'pr'dpare an estimate showing what such a plant would cost atpresent prides and what it4 would costto operate. I have reason to believethat all of his estimates are conservative and that in actual experiencethe results would be better than theestimate. I am able, therefore, tosay that the City can build, own andoperate such a plant with 1,000meters and sell electricity for lighting at an average rate of 6 centsper Kwh and at a considerably lessrate for power, pay for the streetlighting at least 40 per cent less thanthe Company has last proposed, payinterest on the investment, pay off$3,000 of the bonds each year, andset aside $3,000 each year as a fundfor depreciation, of which fund a verysmall sum would have to be expendedthe first" ten years because the plantwould be entirely new, so that atthe end of twelve years we wouldhave our plant entirely paid for. Andthis does not take into account thesure increase of business to followreasonable rates. The Paris Gas &Electric Company reported to theState Auditor that its earnings forthe year ended June 30, 1917, were$70,569 gross. In the expenses ofoperation an experienced and competent manager is to be paid $2,000a year and all other expenses areequally estimated. It would be myplan to put the management of theplant in the hands of a self-perpetuatingboard of electric light commissioners consisting of three or morepublic spirited citizens to be selectedby the people, which board wouldfill any vacancies caused by death orresignation, This plan is in successful operation by.the City of Louisvillein its waterworks and would insureundoubted success in Paris.I have several copies of the detailed estimate of the cost of saidplant and will be glad to have anycitizen to read it. And I also invitean expression of the public on thismatter. For years we have paid morethan the reasonable worth of the service. It is time we got relief, if notfrom the Company, which seems unlikely then we should help ourselvesas suggested. The Mayor and theBoard of Council represent thepeople, who in the final analysis arethe City, and we want to do alwaysour best tor the people.If it is the consensus of opinionthat we ought to put in our ownplant, let us not waste any time indeciding. 1 am ready to submit thematter to the Council at the meetingoi September b.Natural Gas Service.The franchise of the Companystipulates that it shall furnish gas at"standard pressure.." This means aminimum of 4 ounces to the sauareinch at prices fixed by the franchise,and this in turn means that unlessthe Company furnishes that pressureat all times it may not charge or demand the price fixed by the franchise. I intend to recommend to theBoard of Council to purchase andinstall in the City Hall a graphic recording gas gage which will show thepressure furnished at all hours of.the day and night continuously. Ifin any month the pressures are lessthan 4 ounces, the rate of chargemust be correspondingly reduced.We will have the computations madeand published monthly for the information of the gas consumers, andsuch action by them as the facts warrant. Respectfully,E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.131 E3J StPEELING BLUE, TAKE ACAL0TABWonderful How Pine You Feel AfterTaking the New Nausealess Calomel.If you have not tried Calotabs,you have a delightful surprise awaiting you. The wonderful liver-cleansingand system-purifying propertiesof calomel, the doctor's favoriteamong all medicines, may now be enjoyed without the slightest unpleasantness. One Calotab at bedtime,with a swallow of water, that's all.No nausea, nor the slightest unpleasant effects. You wake up in themorning feeling fine, your livercleaned, your system purified, andwith a hearhy appetite for breakfast.Eat what you please, go where youplease, no restriction of habit or diet.Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommendsand guarantees Calotabs and will refund your money if you are not delighted with them. (adv)?S 13 TiGOLD DOLLARS FOR 85 CENTS(St. Louis Republic.)Gold dollars are selling at 85 centsthis month. They are real dollars, issued and stamped by Uncle Sam thebest money on earth and all thepurchaser has to do in order to realize the 15 per cent, increase in valueis to put them away for a few years.Meanwhile the 85 cents will be helping to win the war, thereby addingto its own security and the value ofall other property in the UnitedStates.It used to be said that some menwere so cautions they vvould not "buygold dollars at 90 cents." Even themost co-nservative was nevei accusedof turning down an opportunity tobuy them at 85 cents.gs iga jjDIARRHOEA IN CHILDREN.For diarrhoea in children, one yearold or older you will find nothing' better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a doseof castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)He knows from experience what afaker she is, and she knows from experience what a liar he is. And yet awidower and a widow will keep righton courting and get married.WRIGLEYSHrx. LHPtol r xKM I iALL 7 1PPTi " ( 9 j IiK H tJrT Jl k I vI VBPT m rmrl'P I LJr- rWe wilt win this warNothing else really matters until we do !?gsl-fefgff B Srn?' -? !fTTr!7i-v T5ri LsJu-ggThe Flavor LastsIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECTSugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTONMinimum Shipping RateQuick ReturnsTop 'Market Prices .l- 20-St?: "?$&&-.''i-TO THE. ,v'. --V.VJ?-.;;'&.v-, , - -FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1918THE B0UBB0N HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.SY i2vViAIX"Has ProvenTheir Systemthe Most Satisfactory One"vssss:! W IH, 'Jf'.2SEEOlurjtSo says Mrs. Clarence LeBus, State Chairmanothe National War Savings Committee, in writof the training given her secretary, Miss ParleeWhite.jwho is one of our graduates.Mrs. LeBusalso says in speaking of the school:"For one who desires a schoolwhere they receive personal attention, systematic study, and expect tofinish an efficient worker, I heartilyrecommend the Fugazzi School."Forfurther information and details write,phone or call at the school. Special Summerrates on the Complete Business Course now ineffect. Write or call for New Catalogue just out.Fugazzi School of BusinessiSSlIk.; Miss Irene Fugazzi, PrincipalEfficiency is Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, Ky.The Telephoned PartScattered all over the country are great campswhere officers are being trained, recruits whippedinto fighting shape, aviators and artillerymenschooled in their special arts, and non-combatantforces instructed.Along the coasts and on the lakes the forcesof the Navy are just as busy, preparing to throwthe nation's full strength against the foe.In the foreground of all this activity is theBell Telephone, linking even the farthest outpostswith headquarters and bringing all under directcentral control. Thousands of miles of new lineshave been constructed, hundreds of switchboardsinstalled, and unheard-of volumes of traffic, bothfrom government and private, sources, are beinghandled.'While it is now practically impossible to securethe badly needed additional equipments to, takecare of the abnormal increase in telephone calls,our engineers are applying all the remedies knownto science and are adopting every means, at.theircommand to equalize the load on each switchboardso that no particular subscriber will suffer seriousinconvenience.We appreciate the problem before us and realize the service will probably he slowed down duringthe coming months. We want you also to understand the situation and to know that the operators are serving you cheerfully and to the extentof their ability under difficulties for which thereis no immediate remedy.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedaiBBiCOMPLETE RETUBNS OP SEGISTEATION SEPT. 12.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having itheir worn and' soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.. A phone brings us.WASHINGTON, Sept. 19. Complete returns from the registration.Thursday, Sept. 12, in sixteen Statesand the District of Columbia of menbetween the ages of 18 and 45 yearswere received Monday by ProvostMarshal General Crowder.They showed a total of 3,238,629men against the estipiate of 3,232,267and it was announced officially thatthey do not justify the assumptionthat the returns from the eniirecoutry will show an enrollment verygreatly in excess of the estimate of13,000,000.In six of the States the total registration fell below the estimates, butin ten of them it exceeded it. TheDistrict of Columbia registered 22per cent, more than the number estimated for it, due, officials believe, tothe influx of war workers. Of theStates Vermont's percentage of excessenrolljment was the highest, being12.Registration totals by States, together with the estimates as announced Monday by the Provost Marshal General, are as follows:States Registration. EstimateArkansas 187,122 198,746Connecticut.. ..197,426 213,329Delaware 30,033 29,489Disct of Columbia. 52,751 43,152Florida 111,058 110,940Indiana 350,852 340,920Iowa 280,303 287,847Maryland 177,098 162,09pMassachusetts .. .475,019 483,646Mississippi .. ..185,105 185,715New Hampshire . 52,618 50,013New Jersey.. ..425,136 405,509Oklahoma 238,148 227,884Rhode Island.. . 73,503 71,431Utah 52,709 58,863Vermont 40,887 36,316Wisconsin 308,861 326,377Complete returns from the morepopulous sections of the country havenot yet been received, but estimatesmade on the basis of partial totalsfrom those sections indicate thatthese will not reach the estipiate.Officials do not believe any appreciable number of men evaded registration. They ascribe the fluctuationsof the actual totals as compared withthe estimates to industrial conditionsbrought about by the war, whichhave affected the distribution of themale poulation.LEVY, THE1)R GLEANERHo Pfcon 169-2DEMOCRATIC STATE CAMPAIGNTO OPEN SEPT. 21.That Kentucky must not falter atthis crucial hour, but send a man tothe United States Senate in the placeof the lamented Japies who can atall times be depended upon to uphold the hands of the President inwinning the war, will be the messagewhich Senator J. C. W. Beckhamand Governor A. O. Stanley will taketo the voters of the First Congressional district when the campaign isformally opened at Mayfield, Gravescounty, next Saturdayv September 21.The opening of the light at Mayfield bids fair to have the aspects ofan old-time Democratic love-feast,and hardly a more auspicious settingcould be found for such an occasionthan the capital of Graves, the banner Democratic county of the State.The realization by all Democrats andmany other patriots of the necessityof sending back a Democrat to Washington from Kentucky at such anhour, will hardly be greater than thepleasure at such a time of beholdingthose two champions of DemocracySenator Beckham and Governor Stanley speaking from the same platform, all past differences buried,thus typifying so remarkably thegreat seal of the old commonwealthand its piotto, "United We Stand,Divided We Fall." For it is felt byeveryone that united as they andtheir friends are to-day, the old shipof Democracy stands upon a firmerfooting in Kentucky than at any timewithin a decade, and with two suchchampions, nothing short of a mostdecisive victory is possible whenelection rolls around.Only two speeches will be madeby the two leaders at this immediatetime. After the opening addressesat Mayfield, both will go to Winchester, Clark county, and speak there onMonday, the 23. After that politicswill be tabooed during the fourthLiberty Loan campaign, and Democratic speakers will do their duty likepatriots on the stump for the causeof their country up until the loandrive ends on October 19th.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedus, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward Is offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ( sept-ad v)'rnirn mOnce upon a time a man. and hiswife had a quarrel and the wife admitted that she was in the' wrong.The Coroner claimed that the. husband's death was caused by a greatshock of some kind.i m iGo easy with your spoon more4han five -million soldier boys aredipping from the sugar bowl.- m MnGOOD FOR BILIOUSNESS."Twn voarc acn T onffnfo1 frnmI frequent, attacks of stomach troubleana biliousness, seeing cnamberlaia's Tableta.advertiaea J conlUdedto 'try them. I improved ritfMUy."TOVerbryke? UgtfjD.EAPostiiYft " V ADtmasntoiou.itFREEEMRiB KRESS MAIL ORDER STORESInx "Kfi .x uvuiv in aMgr iuiirau iwrgajjiirPadcofThisLar(kCaialo6Offers Un Wed Sarins fotfie TlrriftyEVERY THRIFTY WOMAN should send today forthisbig "Book of a Thousand Bargains " the largest that1 we have ever issued. Its many money-saving opportunities win sureiy aengnL everyone irymg 10 economize.Thrift in ordinary times is a splendid virtue, but today itis a patriotic necessity. This big BARGAIN BOOK will enable you to clothe yourself and family to secure the mostneeded household necessities at the lowest Kress bargain prices. Purchasing for our many stores gives us a tremendous buying power. This, combined with the fact that we buy and sell, fox cash only, enables us to saveyou money on every purchase.NEW FEATURES FOR TOD IN THISBARGAIN BOOIndispensable as has been "The Bookof a Thousand Bargains" in the past, thisnew catalog is bigger and contains- moremoney-saving values than ever before.In addition to an excellent showing ofwinter millinery, comfortable underwear,splendid footwear and dependable household needs, there is rich choosing fromthe most stylish women's and children'sWinter Coats, Suits and Dresses.Thefineatof coffee, tea and coccaaro now to behad at typical Kress savinga. Otherfeaturea include?e j 8eaW collars and cuffs, suitcase and hundreds of other; economically-priced necessities. Sendfor this BARGAIN BOOK today and realize the savings that await you by trading- the Kress -way.OUR LIBERALGUARANTEEWe guarantee that themerchasdtse shown in this catalog is exactlyae illustrated; we also guaraateewhen yoa purchase from tmthat the merchandise sold you willrepresent fall value and a savinto yes, that it will sire yoa theservice and satisfaction yon havsaright to expect for the money paid.If for any reason you are not satisfied with the value of any articlepurchased frosa na, return it tossat ou. expoeand.wewill eitherexchange it, if yon wisE or reterayour XBoney together with any shippins charges yon may have paid.A Remarkable Waist BargainG1006 Very attractive and serviceable waistof fancyStriped Silk Mixture material a fabric that will always retain it3 rich appearance and give remarkably Ions wear.Made in a very fashionable plain tailored model with rollcollar that forma deep revera down the front Neatturn-back cuffs and elastic waistband. Front trimmedwith pretty pearl buttons. A waist that is alwaysstylish, yet economically priced. Comes incizes84 to 44 bust measure. Give size JC'l QHwanted. Shipping weight, 6-oz. "rPrice, eacaTr e'WCVfV Snd for YourrU-VJLXV FREECor" MAIL ORDERSSTORESTO-DAYNASHVILLE, TENN.HAIL DOES DAMAGE IN CENTRALKENTUCKY.LEXINGTON, KY., Sept. 17. Ahail and electric storm in the neighborhood of the Athens precinct, Monday night probably destroyed fiftythousand dollars worth of tobaccoand corn.On the-farm of Mrs. J. J. Gibson,about fifteen acres of what was regarded as one of the finest crops of.tobacco in Central Kentucky wasruined, the balance of the crop ofnineteen acres being housed.On. the farm of Charles Gentry,twenty-five acres of tobacco met withthe same fate, being practically cutjto pieces.The crop of Sharp & Gentry ofseven acres was destroyed and in theIjmmediate neighborhood the corn wasstripped of fodder, leaving it in such Icondition that the water will ruin theears.In the tobacco crop of Mr3. Gibson, some fifteen acres, the loss willreach a figure close to ?8,000, shesaid, while the other tobacco growers will lose in proportion.The storm lasted about fifteen minutes, covering practically the wholeof the Athens community, making-aloss in the neighborhood of tobaccoand corn of a value of over $50,000,GEoT W. DAVISPU1NERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 289Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KCHAMEBRLAIN'S COUGHEEMEDY.This is not only one of the bestand most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important when a medicinemust be given to youngs children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many years and hasmet with much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement: Wm. Scruby, Ohillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetFrance suggests the name "Eau deCologne," which is claimed as Frenchproduct, be shorn of its German character and that this popular perfumebe renamed "Eau de Provence."Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawBOOMS 401402HBST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEyer Ear, Nose andThroatBOOMS 403-404KLKST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAHAL BROS.BABBEB SHOPProa.pt and Courteous Attention to.Patrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSaIIIdgz.. ir(SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORDrWith all the latest improvements in laundry applianceaareinferior to none, and solicitj your patronage.BLTT! i 'tJlB ments m laundry appliances, f iSf ad expert helpers we areLnT &- - 6sri prepared to do work infe-The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyII'UieZPendletonviop135 bast main st., opp. phoenix hotelLexington, Kentucky:. We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,v and Solicit Yourxi " Patxonage.GOWNS- SUITS''BATSSKI1X1!KIsIIiv.iivIIK1'AIa1Va a1Va aIIIva aIK1a aIKIvaIKIvII1IIs3-- I . fT- '-TOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.-FRIDAY, SEFTMBS lV; i9lgAftX IX0HX- ircr iylHHniHHIHHWtniHHIHHH4IIIIHIIIIimC2EJ THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOY, SEPTEMBER 23KIDAI-I? The J. T. Hinton Co,UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMain'and SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.i m ihmi i hi; i 1 1 s iii4-i'iii 1 1 iH'mniiJ announcement cards were received.R.TTT T t?i "mnr , Miss Bootsman is a Canadian and is- MlL,L,&KbBUKlj isaid t0 be very attractive and accom-T A A' A A A aaaaaJ plished. Charlie's numerous Bourbonw w w i county friends extend congratula-Mrs. Adella Miller continuesabout the same. IMr. C. C. Clarke left Tuesday fora business trip to Jackson.Miss Martha Smith is a guestthis week of friends in Georgetown.Miss Alberta Maffott is the guestof her cousin, Miss Charlina Ball, of'Paris.Miss Elizabeth Palmer, of Helena is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Adron. Chanslor.tions.te ISDEATHS.TO-DAY, FIAgSEPT. 20Charles RayIN "'A Nine O'clock Town'A burlesque on the business methods of asmall-town merchant.RUTH ROLANDin "HANDS UP"Fifth Episode.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21Goldwyn PresentsMabel NormandIN"Peck's Bad Girl"She was a devil in her own home town.Smiling Bill Parsonsin "BILL'S BABY"J.WARREN KERRIGANIN"One Dollar Bid"Because a white man is sold at auction isno reason he is not worth more."Fox Sunshine Comedy"A TIGHT SQUEEZE"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At 'it1? F,aris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.MATRIMONIAL..),County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a (marriage license yesterday -toMr. Horace M. Bridges and Miss IdaDee Ward, both of this county. -A marriage license was issuedWednesday-from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Jos.' J3.Ashcraft and Miss Minnie L. Carr,both of the county.HANCOCK.Mrs. Harry - H. Hancock leftj Tuesday for Cleveland, Tenn., in re-Mrs. C. E. Rhodes, of Flepiings-; sponse to a telegram informing herburg, was the guest of Mrs. Adron ' of the sudden death there of herChanslor, Wednesday. brother, Mr. Wjn. Hancock.Mr. Carl Boyd, of Mt. Sterling, Mr. Hancock was fifty-four yearshas arrived here to enter the Millers- old, and was engaged in farming nearburg Military Institute. Cleveland. He leaves a widow andMiss Nannie Clark, of this city, one child.has begun her work as School Super-visor for Bourbon county. ABNEY.Mrs. J. A. Miller left Thursdayfor a week's visit to her sister, Mrs. The funeral of Nettie, the threeAlice Best and family at Maysville i months' old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Wm. Abney,, who died at the homeLexington, were guests of their sis- of her parents, on the farm of Mr.ters, the Misses Mclntyre, Monday Catesby WoodfordV Jr., near Paris,and Tuesday. Tuesday night, was held yesterdayMiss Stella Stirman has return-j morning. Services were conducted at-ed to Paris after an extended visit eleven o'clock at the grave in theto her aunts, Mrs. S. H. Endicott and Paris Cemetery."Mrs. M. D. Hurst - The little child was found dead inMrs. Bessie Caldwell has return- bed when its parents woke earlyed after a two-weeks'- sojourn at Wednesday morning, having evidentCarlsbad Springs and is now with her ly been spiothered to death beneathsister, Mrs. Anna BarnesMrs. DeBell Chanslor and daughter, Mrs. J. W. Williams, of Stanford, were guests of Mrs. M. E. Pruittfrom Saturday until Monday.s-rMrs. w. A. Butler and son, William Miller Butler, will leave to-dayfor a two-weeks' visit to their aunt, jMiss Julia Howe, at Covington.the covers during the night.JACOBY.Mr. James Jacoby, aged thirtythree, died at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jacoby, nearHutchison, yesterday afternoon, at1 two o'clock, after a long illness from-. nA tvivo tt -to- nnwnv nf stomach trouble. Mr. Jacoby hadAtlanta. Ga., who have-been guests of 'been, previous to his illness engagedMr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington for , in farpnng with his father,the past ten days, are now visiting I He is survived, besides his parents,relatives at Maysville. by one sister, Mrs. James Wilmott,i ana one Droiner, ivir. win u. jacuuy.The funeral will be held at theCARR ASH6RAFTL vLexington was the scene off? asurprise wedding Wednesday afterrnoon, in which the principals werefrom Paris, both well-known, andpopular young people.For many years the beauty andpiquant youthful charms of MissMinnie L. Carr, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Robert Carr, of this city, hasbrought her numerous admirers, butshe remained heart-whole and fancy-iree unui iawj m tue person ujl lur,Joseph E. Ashcraft, also of Paris,stepped across her path and cast thechallenge which resulted in the linking of their lives for better or forworse in the future.Accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Jas.E. Chappell, of near Paris, the latter a sister of the groom, Mr. Ashcraft and Miss Carr, having securedlicense here, jmotored to Lexington,keeping their intention a secret, except to a very few intimate friends.Cupid led the way to the residence ofRev. Mclntyre, on Rand avenue, inLexington, pastor of the Methodistchurch, where the ceremony was pfeiformed at six o'clock. After a shortwedding tour the happy couple willreturn to Paris and go to housekeeping at the home of the groom. 'Miss Carr was for years one of theHome Telephone Co.'s besfoperators,and for a time chief operator. Afterleaving the service of the companyshe was engaged in other businesslines with Paris firms for some time.She is a young wqman of decidedlyattractive and winsome personality.Mr. Ashcraft is connected with theMain Street Garage, on South Mainstreet, and is a young man of wholnhis bride may well feel proud.1 IS T9irWHY OUR WORK IS GREATEST.FARMERS, TREAT YOUR SEEDWHEAT FOR STINKING SMUTThe Goverapnent 'is especially urging all farmers planting wheat totreat their seed. The method is simple and inexpensive, costing onlyabout two cents per acre.It is advisable for' all the seedwheat to be treated, from the factthat in a case where the infection isslight it-is practically impossible todetect the presence of the smut.In Kentucky the past year 278,000bushels, or 3 of the wheat cropwas destroyed by the stinking smut.Next year the wheat acreage will begreatly increased. If something isn'tdone more than likely a largeramount of wheat will be destroyedthan last year. Treat your wheathelp yourself and Uncle Sam.The U. S. Government, in co-operationwith your State University recommends the following method:( 1 ) Spread seed on any tight floor.(2) Make up solution using 1 pintof formaldehyde (formolin), to 40gallons water.(3) Have someone shovel grainover and sprinkle with solution, using common sprinkling can. Getgrain damp enough to stick to hand,using Vz to gallon solution perbushel.(4) Cover with cloth, sacks, etc.,for 2 to 4 hours.(5) Spread grain out to dry.A good practice to treat seed oneday and sow the -next. Formaldehydecan be bought at any drug store.Precautions:(1) Make up solution just" beforetreatment. Do not use solution whichhas been standing anytijme.treated grain by using dirty sacks,etc.(4) When sowing day after treating open your drill enough to insurethe right proportion of seed per acre.There is also a bluestone, or copper sulphate method which can beused for prevention of this smut,though more expensive.For further information, addressExtension Department, U. of Ky.,Lexington, Ky. 'te Ea "BUY4ELLIBERTYBONDSThe increasing number of peoplewho have hope for Russia should revive the courage of William Jennings Bryan.' Jii fe JfciThis is war to rid public life theDo not leave covered after treating world over from all personages whofor more than 4 hours. want to call themselves "All High-(3) Be careful: not to reinfect I est."THAT OTHER ARMY.Not only America but the worldis singing the praise of the Yanks.They have had their baptism of fireand have nobly stood the test. Theyhave vanquished the best of the crackPrussian division set to stay theiradvance. They have "upheld everytradition of American arms and havethrown a chill of apprehension intothe very heart of -the German hordes.They are winning their crosses everyday.But there is another army ofwhich no American is proud, nor evercan be.That other army of non-buyers ofLiberty Bonds.In it are the slackers, the pacifists,the so-called conscientious objectors,the miserly dollar pinchers and thepro-Germans; the cringing, apologetic contemptibles of earth.And there also to their shajme arethose others who are selfishly indifferent to the sacrifices being madefor their protection, their safety,their continued existence in a land ofpeace and liberty. The smug, selfsatisfied apostles of ease, content tolet others serve.This is the army that is fast getting beyond pardon.Thank God you are not in it!And if you are, desert.fe m mThe British army spends half amillion dollars a year for the pastewith which to polish the brass buttons on the soldiers' uniforms.?si te 1If one were to leave it to the average enemy sympathizer, he probablywould acknowledge that being sentto jail is preferable to being sent toGermany.'Mrs. . B. Driscoll and little-r-on, of Worth ville, Ky., and Mrs.Louis S. Frederick, of Hattiesburg,Miss., are guests of their parents.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd.M. M. I. opened Wednesdaywith, '"a good attendance. Abduttwenty cadets arrived Tuesday.verytrain brought some in on Wednesday. Many came in automobiles.The school will be full to its utmostcapacity, and some will be turneddown. -The Presbyterian parsonage,which has been undergoing some repairs, is now completed. Thursdayafternoon the members of the congregation and a number-of the citizens.of the town sent in donations, almostfilling the pantry of the new pastor,Rev. W. W. Morton. This, of coursecome in the nature of a pleasant surprise to both Rev. and Mrs. Morton.PUBLIC SALE. Harris &Sneakes will sell at Public Auctionfor Miss Nannie Louise Best on the Jpremises, Saturday, September i!8Ui,at 2:30 p. m her 3 desirable piecesof property located on Main Street,in Millersburg, Ky. This property iscentrally located and a splendid investmeat! ' Will be sold separatelyand then as a whole, best bid or bidsaccepted.(6-10-13-17-20) :Mr. H. S. Roache, Jr., who leftSeptember 1st to enter his secondyear at V. M. I., was called home1 Monday to take up work at M. M. ICapt Roache is thoroughly qualifiedfor the duties assigned him, and hisma.ny friends congratulate him onbeing able to secure a place in thefaculty of M. M. I. Harry is iuu oienergy and deteipnination to do whatis riht and we are sure he will make304.Cards have been received announcing the marriage of Miss Carlielia Bootsman to Mr. Chas. Miller,v both, .of Kitscoty, Alberta Province,Canada. Mr. Miller is an old Millersburg boy, a son of Mrs. Elizabeth H.Miller, of this community. For thepast several year he has been farmin in Alsrta Province, Canada,where he has made good in every reaspect. Some time ago he informed- Ms mother that he had built a homeOB.-hiS'f,rwi, toutsaM nothing of thebride that was to occupy it, until thefamily residence near Hutchison, tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,and the burial will follow in theParis Cemetery.SUMMERS.The funeral of Mr. Samuel Summers, aged sixty-two who died at hishome on South Main street, in thiscity, Monday, after a long illness,was "held at the fajmly residence atnine o'clock, Wednesday morning,with services conducted by Mr. A. L.Boatright. Following the services atthe home the body was taken to Elizaville, in Fleming county, for burial, the funeral party preceedingthere in automobiles.Mr. Summers had been in declininghealth for several months. Sometime ago he suffered a stroke of paralysis, which was indirectly thecause of his death. He had for thepast thirty years been in the employof the Louisville & Nashville railroadin the bridge construction and watersupervision departments. He was retired some months ago by the railroad company on a comfortable pension for his long and faithful service.Mr. Summers was married twice,his second wife and her child, Mrs.Edward Spears, surviving. Two children by a former marriage also survive, Mr. Ed. Summers, of Paris, andMrs. Alma Miller, of Wellington,Kansas.S 5 IS(St. Louis Times.)There is no rivalry among the allies for claims of credit, but there isa tendency on the part of some statesmen to discuss the three great powerson equal terms. Recognizing England's wonderful work on sea andland, "holding back no - credit fromFrance and Italy for their defensiveand offensive programs, we still urgethat the greatest work of the warhas been done and will be done byAmerica.It was America that fed Englandand France when food was the firstessential. It was America that furnished munitions legally at a criticalmoment, and it was America thatsent 'the reserves when the allied reserves were failing.But this is -not the big thing; thereal thing of the war is that we havesent a million and a half men across3,000 miles of water and an averageof half that distance over land. Noother nation has done this. Our boysare fighting far frojm home. England's men are merely across thechannel from "Blighty" and Franceis fighting on her own ground. Whenthe war is over the big credit forwinning it must come to America,where it belongs.RELIGIOUS..The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:45. The subject is, "Lessons From Bible Characters." Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, is conductinga revival in the Christian church atHopkinsville, Ky. During his absence his .pulpit here will be supplied by Revx J. Taylor Sharrard, ofParis.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped recently to the Cincinnatimarkets a load of butcher cattle thatcost from eight to twelve cents perpound; one load of hogs for whichthey paid 18 cents per. pound, andone carload of lambs that cost themfrom twelve to sixteen cents perpound,The following sales to Bourboncounty farmers were made recentlyby Reynolds Letton, of near Paris:Twenty yearling Southdown bucksat $35 per head to James Hutsell, ofMontgomery county; fifteen Southdown bucks to Charles-Duff, of Mt.Sterling, at $25 per head; twentySouthdown ewe lambs at $20 perhead and one yearling ram for $25The greatest meat-eaters are the to Jesse M. Alverson, of near Paris,Austrians, who before the war con- and a bunch of 115-pound shoats tosupned'an average of more. than seven Jesse Mason, of near North jMidAlepounds per head weekly. town, for. twenty cents per pound.3tLargest Selectionof the Latest and Most BeautifulMen's, Women's and Children'sFallFootwear!C85 Ei?J'iterLadies' Boots in High, alsoMilitary Low Heels, inBeautiful Grey, Mahoganyand BlackAT MOST ECONOMICAL PRICESii ii iU IIII LI 1 tI lI IfJ 'M-)tJeeJust a Few of the Many Specials$3.95Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishatLadies7 Dark Grey Boots, TurnatLadies' MahoganyBootsTan EnglishLadies' Gun Metal English BootsatLadies'atGun Metal, button$5.50$4.95$3.49$2.49Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Tanand Beacon.Men's GunEnglishEnglish Walk-OverMetal Walk-Over,Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wearing ShoesBoys'a lTan Home Guard Shoe3$4.50$5.00$3.49$4.00$3.49Absolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of Cost PriceBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reif nifv?