; ',w. wTHE'S.-u-'-rNEWS, ' if . ;t. v.' ' -,ftPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.:4vVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1318v4iacS .., Vt. -BOURBON. 'I Jfll"tll I Ifcljfc,ytv?VrIN THE SERVICE' OP THEIRCOUNTRY.' 'Private Ben H. Hough, of QampZachary Taylor, was here Tuesday,to attend the funeral and burial ofhla little niece, Lucy Allen Hough.Mr. Rutherford Redmo-n, of Paris,is visiting his brother, Sergt. JohnJllbott Redmon, who is stationed inthe Hospital Corps, at Ft. Moultrie,South Carolina.Mr. Frank Higgins, of Paris, whois a, member of the Bourbon countycontingent at Camp Zachary Taylor,is confined to the army hospital inthat camp, suffering from an affection of the ear. Mr. Higgins waione of the first men drafted fromBourbon county.Mr. Edward Fitzpatrick, lately ofTHE NEWS force, and now a "jacktar" on the U. S. S. "Mississippi,"vv'rites in part to a member of THENEWS staff: ,"I have been rather busy lately,and have not had much time for loafing. You see, I have been a dryland sailor for the past four months,and when I was not working orasleep, I was ashore, and did not havemuch time to write to anyone.The ship made its maiden trip to sealast week, and we are at naval basenow. I cannot go ashore, so I mustwrite or do something else, so therefore, I am writing. The sea wasquite calm last week, but listen, tome, the wind nearly blew my clothesoff. I stand watch in the foremastwhen we are at sea, and even thewind causing the wireless to moanwould send icy chills up and downmy back. Oh, it's a great life, if youdon't weaken. ''"Well, I hear wewill have another long stay in someaavy yard. We fired all our big gunsto test them, and certain things onthe ship need attention. I wasaboard the Oklahoma the other night.Saw Pennington. He is well, butlooks as if Philadelphia isn't anyhealth resort for a sailor. I saw"Buddy" James not long ago. Heseemed very much pleased with thetransport he is on. They make twotrips across the water each month.We only have fifteen Victrolasand six pianos on this ship, so youcan guess how much noise there isaround me as I am trying to write."Give my regards to all and tellthem I hope to see them some timethis summer if I am close to shore."J IS ITOBACCO MARKETS.Only one warehouse had a sale onthe Paris market Wednesday, theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse selling10,910 pounds of tobacco for an average of 29.56. This was the lastsale for the week. There will be -nomore sales until Wednesday, March27, when the last and final sale willbe held.When the season closed for thepast year, in March, 1917, the threeParis tobacco warehouses had disposed of a total of 8,184,470 pounds oftobacco, which brought an averageof $18.39 per hundrod pounds.The close of the present seasonwill probably bring the average upconsiderably higher than last year,on account of a better season, alarger acreage and a general disposition all around to make the Parismarket one of the best in the State.And so it has proved to be. Predictions are made that the market willtop a little over ten million pounds,nearly a million and a half in excessof the total marketed last year.TJ. C. HIGH-GRADE FERTILIZERBurley Tobacco giower and truckgrowers' favorite.(22-4t) W. C. DODSON.fca fe EaCHESS AND CHECKER CLUB.At the second tournament of theBourbon Chess and Checker Club,held Monday night at the Y. M. C.A., Mr. W. A. Thompson, of NorthMiddletown, and Mr. L.. D. Harris, ofParis, met defeat at the hands of Mr.Wm. Bowling. Judge E. T. Hintonlost to Mr. L.. D. Harris, and Mr. M.L. Clarke defeated Mr. A. L. Boatright. J. M. Sturgeon defeated Mr.W. A. Thomason. Mr. Sturgeon wonthis series in the tournament by thenarrow margin of one game. Thegame between Mr. Z. L. Wilcox andMr. M. L. Clarke resulted in a draw.In the chess series Mr. Sherman Stivers was victor over Judge C. A.McMillan. The next encounter between the members will take place onMonday night, March 25, at the sameplace.TO THE BOYS OF BOURBON.The President of the United States,the United States army, the Kings ofItaly and England, the armies of theAllies, the starving children of Belgium and Serbia and other strickencountries, including the Holy Land,want 5,000 Kentucky boys to helpproduce food.Bourbon county boys can help tolick the Kaiser and his hordes offraby-murderers by helping to produce food. Join the Boys' ReserveWorkers! It is a glorious opportunity. Fall in!BOOK CAMPAIGN IN COUNTY.Miss Carolyn Roeeberry is assistingMiss Imogene Redmcn in furtheringthe work of gathering books for thesoldiers and sailors. Miss Roseberryhas charge of the work in the county,her efforts being met with a generousresponse bv the people in the county.There is room at the library for morsbooks. So'send them in.-BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.At Tuesday's session of the Courtthe following prisoners, who had previously entered pleas of guilty wereformally placed on trial, and sentenced by the juries: jWalter Johnson and Wm. Rogers,'white, grand larceny, one year eachin the Frankfort Reformatory; Chas.Boyd, colored, shooting without!wounding with intent to kill, one!year; George Hutsell, colored, house-!breaking, two years; Carl Blackburn, colored, housebreaking, two!years; Elmer Reed, jointly indicted jwith Leslie Douglas, another coloredman, for stealing lap robes fromCharlton Alexander, three years; BudjRoss, colored, housebreaking, five!years; John McKee Johnson, colored,housebreaking, two years.When the case of Milton Green,colored, was called for trial, it waslearned that the chief prosecutingwitness had enlisted in the army.Green was placed under $300 bondto appear at the June term of theCourt, and was permitted to go.Leslie Douglas, colored, who pleadednot guilty, was given a sentence oftwo years in the Reformatory, aftera trial of the case.The time of the Court was occupiedWednesday in hearing the case ofHenry Hawkins, colored, chargedwith the murder of Sarah Leer, acolored woman, in Claysville, a, colored suburb of Paris, in October,1917. Hawkins having announcedthat he was unable to employ counsel, Special Judge Newell appointedAttorneys Wade H. Whitley and Wm. !Grannon to conduct his defense. TheLeer woman was found in an unconscious condition in a house in Claysville in October. She was removedto a Lexington hospital, where shedied later from her injuries, which,in a statement, she claimed were inflicted by Hawkins. The chargeagainst Hawkins was accordinglychanged to murder. He denied thecharge, and claimed that the woman's alleged dying statement wasimpossible on account of her mentalcondition.The case of Roy Jones, chargedwith carrying concealed deadlyweapons, and of Will Cross, chargedwith gambling, were, on motion ofthe prosecution, dismissed.After the testimony of several witnesses including physicians of Paris,.and others, arguments were made in"the Hawkins case Wednesday afternoon by attorneys for the defense andthe prosecution, and the case wasgiven to the jury. The jury, aftermature deliberation, came in yesterday morning and reported that theyiifddisagreed,' standing six tor lifesentence and six for acquittal. JudgeNewell discharged the jury and thecase will now go to a re-trial. Thejury was composed of the following:John Towles, Thomas Mitchell, W. H.Clark, C. B. May, Jas. Connell, Geo.A. Keller, W. J. Calvert, Guy Smith,John Chisholm, J. L. Horton, Geo.Wilson and P. L. Dimmitt.But little business of importancewas transacted in Court yesterdaybeyond disposing of the Hawkinscase. A number of equity motionswere heard by Judge Newell. Therases of Elmer Reed and LeslieDouglas, charged with grand larceny, will come up tor trial to-day.M Q pgjDON'T BUY A SPRING SUIT.While you are conserving in foodand fuel, don't forget that you cansave and save big by having that lastsummer suit cleaned and pressed. Wecan make it look like new and thereby save you the cost of a new one.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(19-2t)POSTAL EMPLOYES TO GET FIFTEEN PER CENT. RAISE.Flat pay increases of 15 per cent,for all employees in the postal service, whether on an annual salary orday pay basis, and including those ofall grades and classes, were recommended by the Senate postoffice subcommittee in revising the annualpostoffice appropriation bill. Therecommendations are subject to approval by the full committee, but areexpected to be adopted.No official news had been receivedhere as to how the raise would affect the employees of the Paris office,according to Assistant PostmasterWm. Cooper.FERNINST SPEEDING !The police of Paris, with the aidand comfort of Police Judge ErnestMartin, Mayor E. B. January,and the City Council, and theearnest good wishes of the people ofParis, intend to break up the speeding of automobiles and motorcycles inthe city limits of Paris.Fithian Arkle, a young chauffeur,is now thoroughly convinced of this.In Police Court very recently he wastried on a charge of exceeding thespeed limit and was assessed $22.50.The police are keeping tab on anumber of others, who they -will haleinto court at the very first opportunity More power to the guardiansof the law! Keep the good workgoing!THRIFT STAMP CAMPAIGNThe number of limit men who havepurchased the limit in Thrift Stampsin Bourbon county now numbersfiftv and prospects are exceedinglygood, according to the field workers,for a still further increase in thenumber. Up to yesterday the salesmade had aggregated ?75,000.The field forces are busily engaged in canvassing their respective territories and 'hope to come in with apleasing report each night, when- theroll is called.' tREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES. 'Mr. Allie Rowland has 'sold hisfarm of thirty-five acres, located onthe Ruddles Mills pike, near Paris,for a price said to have been closearound $10,500. The purchaser,whose name was not given, will getpossession about March 1, 1919.The handsome bungalow of theMisses Lenihan, located on WestEighth street, was sold at publicsale Tuesday, by Auctioneer GeorgeD. Speakes, Mr. Harry Collins, of H.M. Collins & Co., being the purchaser. Mr. Collins paid $3,975 forthe foqme, his contending bidder being Mr. A. B. Lovell, the Eighthstreet grocer. The Misses Lenihanwill move to Lexington, at whichtime the purchaser will get possession'of the property.Mr. Henry A. Power, president ofthe Power Grocery Co., of Paris, hasdisposed of his suburban home, atthe intersection of the Lexington &Paris and the Paris and Clintonvillepikes, just outside the city limits ofFaris, to Mr. Wm. H. Whaley. Theplace contains about twenty acres ofground, with a handsome brick mansion, and all outbuildings. Mr.Whaley, it is said, paid about $20,000 for the place. He will getpossession about June, and will moveto the property to make it his home.Mr. and Mrs. Power will probablymove to Paris to reside, and mayerect a home if they find a suitablelot.Mr. A. B. Campbell, formerly ofBourbon county, has sold his residence and fifty-acre farm on the Lexington pike, in Clark county, knownas the old Willis place, to John B.Eversole, of Hazard, Ky., for $19,-0U0. Mr. JUversoie will get possession on April 1.MASS MEETING AT THE COURTHOUSE TO-MORROW.The farmers and others interestedin agricultural work in Bourboncounty will hold a mass meeting inthe court house in this city at 1:30o'clock to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. The meeting will be held for thepurpose of discussing the seed cornsituation. Speakers will be presentfrom the Agricultural ExeprimentStation of the Kentucky Universityat Lexington, who will explain theurgent need for obtaining seed cornfor the coming corn crop. The farmers are urged to make a special effoitto attend this meeting, which will beone-oX the .greatest imprtence.tTthfilTl. -"them.A number of counties in WesternKentucky have seed corn for sale atleasonable prices. The counties ofthe Bluegrass are fast drawing ontheir supplies, and something mustbe done to relieve the situation. Seedcorn must be procured and, as -thesituation is a very serious one, thismeeting will be one that no farmershould miss.3 S P360,000 WRAPT MEM" CALLED EORSPECIAL SERVICE.Provost Marshal General Crowderwill begin within a few days callingout for special instruction the menin the draft, needed by the army intechnical positions. A general survey of the educational institutions ofthe country is in progress, it was announced to determine what collegesand industrial schools will be available for their training during thssummer months.Probably 60,000 men obtained principally from class one will be ordered out for special training. Localdraft boards will publish widely theopportunity that is offered to registrants with a view to obtaining asmany voluntary inductions into theservice as possible.Si60,000 DRAFT MEN CALLED E0R. RECEIVES DONATION.The Health and Welfare Leaguereceived a nice donation of applesfrom Armacost, Riley & Co., of Cincinnati, to be used at their PennyLunch counter at the City School.The children enjoyed their treat verymuch, and the League wishes tothank the Armacost, Riley & Co. fortheir kind favor.isa pa saPRESIDENT SIGNS THE, DAYLIGHT SAVING BELL1.President Wilson, Tuesday, signedthe daylight saving bill, which putsall clocks forward one hour the lastSunday in March and turns themback again the last Sunday in October. People will rise, transact dailybusiness and retire one hour earlier,but with the clock an hour fast,won't know the difference, yet gainone hour of daylight in the afternoon. IBS J . 'PULL LINE DRY GOODS ADDED ATPARIS RACKET STORE.We wish to announce to the publicthat we have added a full line ofdry goods to our regular stock andwould appreciate your inspection ofsame.PARIS RACKET STORE.H. B. Carr, Proprietor.(15mar-3t)fc fe IssAPPOINTED DEPUTY.Mr. John T. Collins, of Paris, Federal Food Administrator for BourbonCounty, has appointed Dr. C. C.Fisher, president of the MillersburgCollege, as Deputy Federal Food Administrator. Dr. Fisher has assumedthe duties of the office, and will Imake a valuable worker. l IMAYOR JANUARY ENDEAVORS TOGET STREET OIL.With the dust getting thick on thestreets of Paris, housekeepers havebeen anxiously waiting for some intimation from the high-up sources asto whether or not the city will beable to secure a supply of the muchneeded oil for sprinkling the streetsthis spring and summer.Mayor January has been in correspondence with Fuel AdministratorDr. Garfield, at Washington, StateFuel Administrator Wiley Bryan, atLouisville and representatives of theStandard Oil Co., at Cleveland, andNew York. The following reply wasreceived from the Oil Division of theFuel Administration, which is intenor very much the same as thosereceived from Mr. Bryan and theStandard Oil people:"Washington, D. C. March 19."Mr. E. B. January, Mayor City ofFaris:"Dear Sir: Yours of March 11,addressed to Dr. Garfield, is at hand.It is difficult at this time to give youa definite answer as to whether ornot road oil will be avaliable in theUnited States this year.! "Our endeavor at this time is tocreate an ample supply of fuel oilfor use of important industries, andalso to provide sufficient transportation for same, and until this is accomplished, we cannot say that roadoil will be available for the purposementioned."Yours Very Truly,"M. L. REQUA,"Director Oil Division."ma JSTUDENTS TO SPEND SUMMER INCAMP TAYLOR.Twenty-two junior students ofState University will spend the summer in taking military training atCamp Zachary Taylor. They willleave Lexington at the end of thecollege year and will be under thesame military discipline at the campas 'the enlisted men.Among the twenty-two studentswho have been selected and whohave signified their intention ofspending the summer at Camp Taylorare J. Stuart Wallingford and C.Landen Templin, both of Paris.153 fe 1QNEW INITIATES.Six petitions for membership werereceived at the recent meeting ofBourbon Lodge, I. O. O. F., and fivethree degress. They were Ed-PYXl j ttt n;ii... t -;r-iwara w. r umun, jjtjwis megiuue,Horace Nelson, Herbert Johnson andAlbert Johnson. The attendance atthe lodge meetings has been unusu-ally good recently, everyone seemingto manifest -the greatest interest in Ithe work. Work will be given in Ione of the degrees at each meeting.At the next meeting a matter of thegreatest importance will be voted on.WE KNOWVERY EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND PATTERNSII u ' HiU i, Mt9JftyWT-SrcRSI MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREII Jonn B. Sfthm'Hab...jjjfrJaygAND HE IS A DEACON IN OURCHURCH.Mr. Joseph W. Davis, of Paris,who is sojourning in Florida, alwashas some good fish stories to tell,making some of the local anglersenvious. Mr. Davis' last exploits aretold in the following extracts fromthe St. Petersburg, Florida, Times, ofSunday, under the heading of "TalesTold By Anglers Who Can FishSome:""Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Davis, of Paris,Ky., enjoyed a day's fishing yesterday as the guests of R. L. Washing-'ton, of New York, on his boat Magie.A fine string of mackerel wasbrought in besides a number of king-,fish. The largest of the kings, a 17pounder, was caught by Mr. Davis.All three are guests of the Pass-a-GrilleHotel and went from theisland."Keeping up his record of last yearwhen he easily carried off the fishinghonors among all guests at the Pass-a-GrilleHotel, J. W. Davis, of Paris, 'Ky., yesterday brought in a 27-poundkingfish and 16 of the beauties alittle smaller in size. Mr. Davis is ina class by himself when it comes tofishing and no other guest at thehotel has a chance when he is on thejob. Mr. Davis also brought in yes-'terday a rare fish, never before landed in the waters around Pass-a-Grille.By name it is the wahoo andis very similar to the whiffumpoof. t,In fact, it belongs to the same family,as the latter, though a much gamiermember of the finny tribe. Mr. Davisis very sorry he was unable to get agood photograph of the wahoo as hewished to send it to the Paris, Ky.,newspapers for reproduction there."ft m ftPAINT.We have bought the entire stockof Peaslee-Gaulbert Co. paint fromDrake, Ruckno & Fisher, of Lexing-.ton.No better paint made. We are go-!ing save you one dollar per gaUon.it is xne Dest ior euner msiae or outside work.White and most all colors including paints for porches and floors at$2.75 per gallon. jWe will have a bargain counter onsmall lots of paints as low as 60 centsper quart. ICome in and look it over. You willnot have .an opportunity to buy atthese prices again.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.(19-2t)SOLDIERS AND SAILORS WANT,YOUR BOOKS.A campaign for books for the soldiers and sailors in the United Statesservice is being made this week. Today, to-morrow and Sunday are thelast days. We urge the people ofParis and the county to co-operate.Wrap your books in a package andsend them to Miss Imogene Redmon,at the Paris Public Library.YOUREASTER SUITShould Come FromMitchell & Blakemore'sIf you want style, fit and service our store can show you abetter selection of Spring clothes than you will find in other stores.Stein-Bloch and Michael Stern'sFine Ready-to-Wear ClothesAre Sold Exclusively By Usand the tailoring and style found in such well known makes asthese are equaled by none.for the young man and the more conservativestyles for the man who wants to be well dressedbut not extreme. Fancy greens, tans, olives andfancy greys predominate this .season. Strictlyall wool clothes at prices within the reach of all$15.00 to $35.00Spring Patterns In Manhattan ShirtsBros.' Make, Linen, Madras, Pongee and$2.00 TO $10.00Nettleton Skoes- ,BOYS' WORKING RESERVE TO BBt"FORMED HERE.Boys between the ages of 16 and21, who believe that every individual in the country, including himself, is obliged to do his bit towarddrubbing the Kaiser, can place themselves where the Government mostneeds their service by joining atonce the United States Boys Working Reserve. The County Committeeof the Boys' Working Reserve forthis locality, is prepared to give boy3and parents information concerningany feature of the plan that isclouded in their minds. The bigfeature that needs no further expla-'nation than a bald statement is thatthe country needs the boy, and need3him badly, during the coming summer. The enrollment card of the Reserve, is nearly self-explanatory ofthe manner in which the Reserveoperates. It was stated, at .the outset, that though this army, of farmlabor constitutes a second line of defense for the country, and an indispensible one, there is no .military feature nor any compulsion in the process. The enrollment card calls for theexpression of willingness on the partof the boy to hefp the country in thepresent emergency. It calls also forthe consent of his parent to his entering the Reserve. It solicits information as to the kind of work thathe believes he can do to the best advantage, as to the period of time forwhich he will agree to work and information concerning his experience,if any, in farm work.It is explained that the boy is notobligated by his enrollment, 'to go tothis locality or to that, when he isasked to go, if the locality assignedis not satisfactory to him. The effortwill be made, in placing boys, to sendeach boy to the locality where he desires to serve. Should the first assignment prove unsatisfactory theboy is at liberty to so indicate, andto state his preference as to locality.As to the degree of compulsion involved in signing the card it is madaplain that the boy who has signed theenrollment card, may at a later datedecline work and be released fromhis pledge, on the written, request ofhis parent or guardian, but only onsuch written request.C. A. TAVEBAUGH,From the Office of the State Director.ft ft ftNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.- -You arfrr hcrefey mtined to bil4all water uied for drinking or domestic purposes, whether it he fromhydrant, cistern, well or spring.This is important, and you will govern yourselves accordingly. 6By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) Health Officer.HOW!KKmmMilwi'wand WilsonSilks fromMwaaaa-sBiB, Mukattu Skirt,-,.,mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.flOETWOlKStFRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1118.W BOURBON IWSEstablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year.. $2. 00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon taecharacter, standing or reputation oiamysperson, firm or corporation which.my appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corfi&ed if brought to attention of theAlter.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchjeach subsequent insertionReading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach, issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi, dates, obituaries and resolutions, andSimilar matter, 10 cents per line.'Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust "invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.'&tf- llvjv. . Now, Forward, March!They do say that when it comesin like a lion it goes out a lamb(meaning the month of March, ofcourse). And while it would hardlyJ'rbe wise to take off your winter un-Jdenvear just yet, or to figure on'making -a swift change from the gas'jman and the coal man to the ice' ma!n, still, there are certain pre-tok-ensthat the backbone of winter isdefinitely broken. The sun is getting high!For, look, you, spring officially began on the twenty-first of March,yesterday, by the calendar. And whileiwo royal Cardinals taking the sun- on, a snow-encrusted limb do not byany means make a spring (any""more than two swallows make asummer) yet it is permitted us topoint out that the snow you see on" the screen at the movies or on theiront covers of the magazines is notthe December or the January kind.ilt te what is known in some localities as a "sugar snow," a snow halfaccident and apologetic. It is a snotvthat can't set back the sap rising inthe trees, or the swelling buds on thebushes. It is a kind of April shower" snow it comes out between sunbursts, and out of skies that wouldi like to be softly blue and whichv clouds may only softly overcsat.- And folks about this time of the- year begin to have a sort of inner" hunch that winter' is going. Springclothes, hats and fishing rods areTieginning to make their appearance.''The banks of Stoner creek see theT presence again of the fishermen who"Tiave been "laying up" during the"winter. The Paris dopesters are get-tiDg ready to win fortunes on the" Derby at Louisville. The railbirdst -are hunting the sunny spots on street, corners and, well, spring is on the- way to Paris, that's all. There's a,-sort of feeling, that same urge ofintuitive sense, that causes the field-Aftand woodland creatures to break&way from their months-old hibernation; and that sends, finally, the' "birds from their southern wintering-.places back into old Kentucky. It isSoftener than not a blusterish, noisy,slippish sort of month, is March."""'But it is one of the pivot months it" -breaks the grip of winter and throwsup a highway for the coming ofspring.So here's to the advent of spring inParis. Do we hear a second to the' Amotion? The "ayes" have it it is'-or ordered. And from now on we"may-look' for all the other signslieefca-boo shirtwaists, open-workhosiery but why try to give the'Xwiole list?' " American Courage and Spirit." England is still ringing "with thetributes of Englishmen to the. bravery: of the American boys-on the Tins-caaia in the hour of disaster. It 13"xbt surprising, but it is gratifying tomH at home to have it s generously'recognized."-( Cturage in every relation of life,'jiiM. courage particularly in the face' iff danger, is the American spirit.J.e pages of American history areSjrkliant with golden recitals of the' I tfipfoits of American manhood in the- Station's. Army and Navy. They arev,cJwftned o no period. They arefjM ill the way through the life1 tfca Republic from the Revolution' ttke preWt.r'la this warand in any war iniprtofe. Americans engage and have arighteous cause for which to fightcMf -will be found equal to everyduty and every sacrifice. -When therecord is made up it will be illuminated with feats of gallantry anicourage and devotion to country andcause. Wherever an American youthis sent he dares to go and carry theflag for which he offers his life.American fathers who have themselves fought for the Nation's honorand safety, and American motherswhose sacrifices are most tryingknow what their boys will do. AllAmerica knows it will have reason tobe proud of the achievements of ouryoung manhood on the field of battle or wherever heroism is in test.The Liberty Motor Abroad.The announcement that the firstshipments of battleplanes, built inthe United States, and equipped withthe Liberty Motor, is on its way toEurope five months ahead of itsschedule reveals that this country isgetting along in its war progress.Many people hold to the view thatnothing is as important as a sufficient, number of airplanes and pilots,that if the United States would concentrate upon this one factor itwould prove decisive in the war.Secretary Baker points out thatfor every battle plane in actualfighting there must be two in reserve and a training plane, and besides the pilot there must be at leastforty ground men. The engines,huge eighteen cylinder affairs, haveto be overhauled continuously in order to safeguard the life of the pilotand render his work effective.The need is for more men, andmore mechanics, for the aviation section of our fighting forces. All whocan go into this branch of th"e service, and the hazards, as pointed outby Gen. Pershing, are no more dangerous than those of ordinary trenchwarfare. kAs To Manual Labor.The trouble with a good manyyoung men around Paris is that theydo not understand the dignity ofmanual labor. They do not realizethat honors and fortunes may bemore readily gained outside of theso-called professions than in them,and that it is just as honorable toswing a hammer or to guide a plowas it is to make a speech in court orto amputate a limb. The lessonthese young men should be taught asearly as possible is that it is not somuch what a man does for a livingas how he does it, and that manuallabor is as honorable as any other.Why, even some of the boys fromBourbon who went to Camp Taylorare beginning to be in love with theirlabors. And when you consider thefact that some of them nver did adays' hard work in their lives, doesn'tit sound good?Business Good?There are very few "Houses ForRent" signs to be seen around Paris.This is a proof of growth and prosperity, and is also an indication thatmore homes ought to be provided forthe people who would move here, ifhouses could be rented. There was atime some months ago when the report that the Louisville & Nashvjllnwould move their terminals fromParis to Winchester, when a numberof houses were vacated. But the demand became just as strong whenthe scare had passed. The L. & N.did transfer a few families, (as, indeed, they are always doing frontime to time) to other points on theline, but there was never a timewhen the demand for rent houses wasnot good. There is still room for alarge number of cozy and attractiverent cottages in Paris that can berented at a reasonable figure..Don't Cuss The Papers.When you hear a man sneering atthe local papers, you can safely bethe doesn't spend much of his timetrying to make them better. Thosewho do not see benefit arising to atown from its papers haven't asmuchsense as a cove oyster and are of asmuch benefit to Paris as a frieddoughnut to a hungiy tramp.The Limit.The limit in the "Card of Thanks"nuisance was reached the other daywhen a paper in an adjoining town"Nothing But the Truth" comes towas thanking her children for sokindly waiting on their father in hislast illness and for their presence atthe funeral.- m m mTOR THE WAR LIBRARY.The Paris public is asked to donateworks of fiction, standard novels andnovels of to-day, books of adventure,detective stories, in fact, every kindof narrative that would appeal tothe men in the camps. Even boyj'books of adventure need not be omitted, for many of the yoimg soldiersare not pastx the time when they canenjoy such literature.SatiiI thfv honks in Miss Imoerene'Redmon at the Paris Public Librarythis week. vLOOKS SUSPICIOUS.In the light of recent events inand around Central Kentucky, itlooks a "bit suspicious! German spieshave certainly been at work in thisState. The recent big fires in Winchester; destruction of aeroplanes byfire on board train en loute from Lexington to an army .camp; the poisoning pi, four hundred army horses atCovington; numerous incendiary firesat different points, all of an apparently unexplained -nature; all thesethings indicate the work of Germanagents. Shall we awake to ourdancer too late? America needs theadoption of a more, rigorous policy in Jdealing with these pests. .TO THE BOYS - rAND, GIRLS OPBOUlfcBON COUNTY.We are in the greatest peril of allhistory and we must win the victoryof this war. We can and shall winif the boys and girls say so, if theymean it, if they feel it and live it asour ancestors did before there was aUnited States. It is the part of theboys and girls to give on example ofself-denial, sacrifice and teach thatthey have in every heart the spiritof tlniit-c,a'",iijg to the" point of sacrifice. Self-denial' of everything unnecessary. Every boy and girl 'canfight in this war and if they will say,"I will fight, I will save every pennyand loan to Uncle Sam to help savethe lives of our big boys in Franceand I will teach all piy friends I seeto do the same," then filled with thespirit of Rev. Time, boys an dgirlrfwe can win America as it has alwayswon, through strengtn, spiendiacourage and sacrifice in the heartsof our boys and girls, that will teachthe Nation the lesson of saving whichit must and will through its schoolchildren.probably one of the very best waysfor the boys and girls to be able tomake the most for our governmentwould be to cultivate a War SavinsGarden. This garden is of prime importance for two reasons: First, toraise money for the purpose of WarSaving Stamps; and, second, to provide food for this country and its allies. Both reasons are of tremendous importance. We must have th3food if we are going to win the war,and the government must have moneyto equip its soldiers and sailors, andbuild its fighting and merchant fleetsif we are going to win.One may thank that a little garden,on a tiny patch of ground, will notdo much toward winning the war.One may also think that the twentyfive cents paid for a little thrift stampwont help very much. But fivethousand gardens will go a loiit?ways toward feeding Bourbon countypeople for a year. They will producethe food for the home and will permit the big field crops of the farmerato be shipped overseas to our soldiersand our allies. And millions ofthrift stamps will furnish a lot ofmoney.Even in Paris there are hundredsof plots of ground which can be usedas War Saving Gardens if Paris boysand girls will but till them. Therewill be a market right at home forevery vegetable that can be raised.One will be surprised by the amountof money that can be realized fromeven a small bit of ground. On theother hand in. the country the boysought to have their War SavingAcre. He can raise an acre of corn,for instance, and market it directlike his father does, all at one time.He may feel that he is actually helping to feed our soldiers abroad, whilethe boy with a little patch in the cityknows he is only doing so indirectlyby helping to supply the demand athome.Every farm boy, also, should havea War Saving Pig. We need pigsjust about as badly as anything inthe food line. A War Saving Pig'willbring a lot of money next fall. Thefarm girl must have her War SavingFlock of Hens, as she may belong toa War Saving Canning Club.But this movement should not belimited to the children. The raisingOI 3ADU,UUV,UVV IIL ii. JCrtl 10 iu .uh-dren's proposition.The War Saving workers are urgedto take this up at once. It is only ashort time now before garden ,workwill begin. Teachers should interest their pupils now. Business menand all interested in the successfulprosecution of the War Saving Campaign, should lend their hand.This is the one time of all forboys and girls to be trained up in theonly way worth while a life of service. We know well that a 'humanlife is valuable only in so far as itcontributes something to the good ofall. Let us respond heartily to thecall. The very best way to forgetsorrow, to banish fears, to find thepeace our hearts long for, andstrength we need, is by doing cheerfully with our might the tasks whichthe days bring us in this service.Other countries rely on this strongyoung country for material and forthat boundless courage which seesand understands the worst, yet fearsI not. But the unfortunate circumstances of this country is that thegreater part are not saving any morethan the high cost of living forcethem to on account of their financialcondition. We have done much toward conservation, but if we do notsave still more there will not beenough to feed our allies and enablethem to continue to fight with us until our cause is triumphant.Ask yourself this question. Whatcan I do to be of the greatest serviceto 'my country? The answer wijlsome to you if you will think on itLOT OF RHEUMATISMNOW. RUB AWAY PAINHere's Instant- Relief! Limber UpSore, Stiff Muscles and JointsWith "St. Jacob'sLiniment."Count fifty! Pain gone.Rheumatism is "pain only." Notone case in fifty requires internaltreatment. Stop drugging! Rub themisery right away! Apply soothing,penetrating "St. Jacob's Liniment"directly upon the 'lender spot," andlelief comes instantly. St. Jacob'sLiniment" is a harmless rheumatismliniment which never disappoints andcan not burn or discolor the skin.Limber up! Stop complaining!Get a small trial bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment" at any drug store,and in just a moment you'Jl be freefrom pain, soreness, stiffness andswelling. Don't suffer! Relief awaitsyou. "St. Jacob's Liniment" has relieved millions of rheumatism sufferers in the last half century, and isjust as good for sciatica, neuralgia,lumbago, backache, sprains andswellings. (adv)We'd rather be killed by hardwork than live a hundred years Inidleness. And, we are not such anenthusiastic laborer, etiher."' i-AA -NERVOUS31BREAKDOWNMiss Kelly Tells How LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound RestoredHer Health.Newark, N. J. "For about threeyears I suffered from nervous breakdown and got soweak I could hardlystand, and had headaches every day. Itried everything Icould think of andwas under a physician's care for twoyears. A girl friendhad used Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andshe told me aboutit. From the firstday I took it I beganto feel better andnow I am well andable to do most any (Kin a oi worK. lhave beenjecom-pound ever since and give you my per-iiussiuu iaj puuuan una letter. missFlo Kelly 476 So. 14th St., Newark,N. J.The reason this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinktiam's VegetableCompound, was so successful in MissKelly's case was because it went to theroot of her trouble, restored her to anormal healthy condition and a3 a resulther nervousness disappeared.SOME FOLKS SAY THE "COMMAMAKES NO DIFFERENCE"Two thousand bonds of $500 denomination, comprising ?1, 000,000"Deficiency Bonds" issued recently toa New York banking concern, weremutilated in Cincinnati by City Auditor George P. Carrel because oferrors in printing.A misplaced comma caused the total amount of the bond issued to appear $100,000 instead of $1,000,000,while a figure "2" was not readablein two places. Mr. Carrel had signed 250 of the bonds when he noticedthe mistakes, while Acting MayorCarl Jacob, was ready to attach hissignature.The bonds will be reprinted. Thecoupon sheets, however, were freefrom errors, and can be used. Thebonds were mutilated to preventthem from being- used improperly.For SaleI offer for sale privately, mybuilding lot on Seventh street, adjoining the property of Prof. T. A.Hendricks. Call on or addressH. J. GROSCHE,Both Phones 222.Position Wanted.j Position as manager or overseer offarm Exnerienced. Best of refer-ence. Apply at this office. (tf).BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Roils, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 3761CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND GOLD BATHS.Professional Cards.WIVK GRANINANAitorney-at-LawROOMS 40T402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.' t-' 'l S rfbT j 5B TRY THEafcv Bk' ji . terHH.Vulcan afcy - ,Well Finisned, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Elb Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and J theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Madelv7hon Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.-TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE-Don't let others try to put off "something just as good" others are similar, but tney don't stand the racketPlowWith a PlowThat Will PlowTHE VULCANHas Stood TheTest Of Years !NHere's the Place to Get theGenuine.C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stc.?Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANEThe BourbonJLaiindryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon1 23 Jt fdParis' Kswtaoky.wVULCAN PLOWSMa& The Vulcan Plow Co.,EVANSVILLE, IND.BROS.West 5 StreetiSatisfaction is OarIHehwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Laundry,xKSVFRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1S18.THB BOURBONtatjk. s"w nujr-c - tat5siHXAffS THSBKS,tX"tTS.K22 Million Familiesin the United States4 CUPS OF WHEAT FLOUR TO THE POUNDIf each family used 4 cups of flour less per week, the savingwould be 22 million pounds or 112,244 barrels every week.The, greatest-help housekeepers can give to win the war is tomake this saving and it can be done by using this recipe inplace of white flourbread.y Corn Meal Biscuits' - cup sodded milk teaspoon salt ' r1 cup corn meal 1 cup white flour2 tablespoons shortening 4 teaspoons Royal Baking Powder'Save i cup of the measured flour for board. Pour milk over corn meal, add shortening and salt Whencold, add sifted flour and baking powder. Roll out lightly on floured board. Cut with biscuit cutter andtake in greased pan fifteen to twenty minutes.Our new Red, White and Blue booklet, "Best War Time Recipes,' containing many otherrecipes for making delicious and wholesome wheat saving foods, mailed free addressROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., Dept. H., 135 William Street, New YorkFOOD WILL 'WIN THE WARA BADGE OF HONOR.A Liberty Loan button is a badgeof honor. Rightfully obtained itmarks the wearer as one who has performed a distince, definite service tothe country.Not all can fight, not all can workdirectly for the Government; but inbuying a Liberty Loan Bond, or "WarSavings Stamps, every American renders some service to the Nation. Ithas been put within the reach andpower of every citizen to aid theUnited States financially; it is a poorAmerican who withholds supportfrom the Government, from oursoldiers and sailors fronting deathon battlefields and oceans.Iron crosses to German soldiers,and diamond orders exchanged between TurKi&n ana merman sover ieigns may be but the honors of atrocity. But a Liberty Loan button,simple as it is, signifies a patrioticduty done and is an insignia of honor.STATE FUEL ADMINISTRATOR I HITY POUNDS ALLOWED PAR-fe fe AssaysKEY OP PEACE IN HANDSOP ANGLO-SAXONS.In an interview with the semiofficial German -news agency PrinceMaximilian, ieir to the throne of theGarnd Dutchy of Baden, said that iahis opinion the key to a generalpeace was in the hands of the AngloSaxon people."Reports from America are contradictory," he continued. "I shallnot anticipate the reply of Chancellorvon Hertling to President "Wilson,but I wish to point out that in hislast speech the President did nottalk as a judge of the world."After referring to Mr. Wilson's remark that he did not desire to acias arbiter for European affairs, thePrince said:"These words are full of significance. Everything may be attainedonce the peoples get so far as to talkto one another without claiming in-SAYS BUY COAL EARLY.In a letter to the Bourbon CountyFuel Committee, of which Mr. JamesH. Thompson is chairman, State FuelAdministrator Wiley B. Bryan, ofLouisville, urges that housekeepersand other consumers purchase theirnext winter's supply of coal duringthe months of April and May. "Toavoid," he points out, "repetitio-n ofthe critical conditions with which wewere confronted the past winter."The local fuel committee heartilyendorses this recommendation, as itdoes not see any prospect of coal being any cheaper later in the yearthan in April and May. In fact, it isexpected that the demand for fuelwill be stronger in the late summerand fall, for, not only many whowere able to buy earlier but -neglectedto do so, but the small buyer whocannot afford to buy in larger quantities will have to be supplied then.This was what contributed greatly tothe recent shortage here.1E3 fe feOUR BOYS ARE ALL RIGHT INEUROPE.CEL POST PACKAGES.Effective March 15, provisions ofparagraph 1, Section 454, PostalLaws and Regulations, has beenamended, so that -fourth class mailmatter will include all other mattersuch as farm and factory products,not now embraced by law in eitherfirst or second class matter.The section has been amended toread as follows:"Section 454. Fourth class mailmatter shall embrace all other matter, including farm and factory productsed by law, in either the first or 'second class, or (with the exception ofbooks) in the third class, -not exceeding in weight, (when mailed forSOCIAL AND gERgQNAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. P. Nippert is a guest of relatives in Louisville.Miss Marie Harber, of Richmond,is a guest of Mrs. Geo. It. Combs.Mr. Henry Gaitskill has returnedfrom a business trip to Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Hughes andfamily are guests of relatives in Livingston. Mrs. Francis P. Campbell hasreturned from a visit to relatives mCincinnati.Mrs. C. C. Hadden is very ill atiner nome on the Winchester pike,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne havereturned from a winter's sojourn inTampa, Florida.Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin anddaughter have returned from a visitto relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Campbell havereturned ,to their home in Midway,after a visit to Paris relatives.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler and MissElizabeth Brown were guests offriends in Cincinnati, Wednesday.Mrs. L. B. Purnell is visitingher sister, Mrs. Lee Barbour, andfamily, at St. Matthews, near Louisville. Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., wasin Versailles, Tuesday, on Y. M. C.iA. business.Dr. Frank P. Lapsley has returned to his home in Shelby countty,after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris and the county.Mrs. Julian Howe and son, Master Julian Howe, Jr., are visitingMrs. Howe's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Swearengen, at Carthage, O.Winchester Daily Sun: "Mr.and Mrs. Letcher Kash have returned to Paris after spending severaldays with Mrs. Lillie K. Henry, onSouth Main street."Rev. Louis Goforth, of Nicholasville, is a guest of his daughter, Mrs.John Devaugn, -near Paris, and is attending the revival services conducted in the Masonic Temple by Evangelist Hobbs.Miss Nancy Griffith, of Paris, isa guest of her sister, Mrs. PowellBosworth, in Lexington. Mr. and(and books), not now embrac-l Mrs- Bosworth are now settled in theattractive nome in ivientene .ranc,lecently purchased.Mr. James L. Jacoby, of Hutchison, was t: ';on to Norton Infirmary,in T.rmiL.vi1 a fnoolnv whnrA Tip willdelivery within the first, second or lim1prvrn ., 'nnArtinTi hv Br. Lnnisthird zones, nor exceedipg 50 pounds prankt f0r intestinal troubles. Mr.in weight, when mailed for delivery Jacoby was accompanied by a specialwithin any other zones) , nor greater . nurse, Mr. Wm. Grosche, of Paris.in size than 84 inches in length and Miss Marian Alexander, of Piaua.girth combined, nor in form, orkind, likely to injure the perso-n ofany postal employe, or damage themail equipment or any other mailmatter, and not of a character perishable, within a period reasonablyThe following from the battlefrontwill serve as a direct refutation ofthe slanders concerning the Americanuuopb in rictus, P""" y ", required for transportation and deBoard of Temperance and Morals of .the Methodist Ohureh, in Washing- llvy , . ,,,-. Miorcro.! mnironnacc -nA The change will serve to increaseimmnrniitv np-nTrist thp hnvR "nvp.r the usefulness of the parcel post a$Hthere:.' a prompt and convenient means of"An enthusiastic report of condi-J transporting mailable parcels. Thetions among the American forces, increased weight limit will be uar-i - --- -falibility,spirit."but rather in a Christian-TBI fe te-Government life insurance for themen in the service is a good thingwhich most of them have taken.abroad were received at Boston, Friday, from Dr. Daniel A. Poling, Citizenship Superintendent of the UnitedSociety of Christian Endeavor, whp isnow in France representing that organization. " 'We are literally performing miracles.' Dr. Poling asserted. 'Thomorale of the men is superb. and!when the hour stiikes they will befound worthy of the high traditionsof our people. They realize thatstern things are before them, butthey will not fail.' "5 Id fcfcRumor is that the German independent socialists are planning a bigstrike at munition centers on Aprilfirst.ticularly advantageous in the mar-I keting of farm products, as it willmake it possible for producers andconsumers to get into direct contact,thereby facilitating the conservationand distribution of food.The increased weight does not apply to parcels sent to the expeditionary forces in Europe. Parcelsmailed to those forces must -not exceed seven pounds in weight."CASCARETS" FOR ACOLD, BAD BREATHOR SICK HEADACHEPARISGAS&ELECTRICCO.(Incorporated)Paris, KentuckyILLUMINATINGFirst 100 K. W. Hrs. Used. . .' 12c per K. W.Next 100 " " " lie "" 100 " " " 10c."" 100 " " " 9c " "" 100 , " " '.'.'..'..... 8c " " '100 " " " 7c '! "All in excess of above, 6 cts. per K. W. ADiscount of l-2c per K. W. will be allowed if billis paid on or before. 10th of month. Minimumbill $1.00.POWER1st 100 K. W. or fraction 10c per K. W.2nd 100 " -' " 9c " ' "3rdl00 " " " 8c "4th 100 " " " 7c "NextltO" " " 6c "All in excess of above. 5 cts, per K. W. ADiscount of l-2c per K. W. will be allowed if billis paid on or before 10th of month. Minimum bill$2.00 per month for 1st H. P. of motor installationand 75c per month I or each additional H. P.Over 600 K. W.First 500 K. W., net 6cperK: W,Next 2,500 " " .. 4c "" 10,000 " 21-2c "fMinimum bill $2.00 per month for 1st H. P. ofmotor installation and 75c per month 'for eachadditional H. P.Ohio, is a guest at the home of hercousin, Mr. Charlton Clay, dt"Marchmont," near Paris. Miss Alexander was guest of honor at a dinner given by Mr. Clay, and also ata bridge party given by Miss MarthaFerguson."(Other Personals on Page 5)fca is PaTuesday and WednesdayTheSPRINGEXPOSITIONof ourMILLINERYDepartmentA MessageTo MiladyMy Dear Milady:"Miss Springtime" has arrivedfrom "Over There," Jbringing agalaxy of truly wonderful originations. Never before were we able tousher in the new season with socomplete a showing and suchexceedingly good values. Pricesranging from$5. 00 to $25. 00,tWOLF, WHE $ CQ.LEXINGTON, KY.Best For Liver .and Bowels. Tor Biliousness, Sour Stomach andConstipation.Get a 10-cent box now.Furred tongue, bad colds, indigestion, sallow skin and miserable headaches come from a torpid liver andclogged bowels, which cause yourstomach to become filled with undi-4 gested food, which tours and fer-ments like garbage in a swill barrel.That's the first step to ' untold misery indigestion, foul gases, badi breath, yellow skin, mental fears,I everything that' is horrible and nau' seating. A Cascaret to-night willgive your constipated bowels a thorj ough cleansing and straighten youout by morning. They work whileyou sleep a 10-cent box from yourdruggist will keep you feeling goodfor months. Millions of men and women take a Cascaret now and thento keen their, stomach, liver andbowels regulated, and never know amiserable moment. Don't forget thechildren their little insides .need agood, gentle cleansing, too. (adv)T5a m mTHEATERS FINISHED: MANAGERS NAMED.j Execptional progress has beenmade in the construction of Liberty. theaters at the cantonments andcamps, the commission announces., Hollis Cooley, manager of the United States Army Camp Theaters Booking office, advises the war departmentthat three amusement palaces havebeen' completed and carpenters andartisans are approaching the finishing touches on the others. Selectionof managers is the next step in thecommission's program. 'The countryis being combed for the best directing and business talent. The firsttippointment to be announced is thatof Richard Greet, brother of BenGreet, the noted English Shakespearian actor. Mr. Greet has beennamed manager of the Liberty theater at Camp Sherman, Chillicothe.O. He has had long stage experience. Authorities had some difficulty ingetting the theaters under way atfirst, owing to the shortage of material, but now that this has beenovercome the work is going forwardrapidly. , "Now is the Time to BuyCOLUMBIArOil & Gas Co. StoekDrilling rigs will soon be working on our properties and mak-ing dividends for our stockholders.The time to make money in a company is between its incorporation and the payment of the first dividend. In the early part therisk is greatest, therefore the stock is usually low. As the company 'progresses, the stock advances. When dividends commence thestock usually sells at par, and many times above par depending onthe values back of the stock and prospective future earnings.THE COLUMBIA OIL & GAS COMPANY has progressedfar beyond the speculative stage with its propeaties so well provenup, it is reaching into, and we hope will soon enter, the dividendperiod. Therefore, this is the logical time to -buy stock; to makethe safest investment, and the most money. When the first dividendis declared you cannot buy stock at the present price if at all.Come in with us nowhigher prices.-we are on the road to dividends, andWrite us to-day for full information we will cheerfully answerany question to your full satisfaction. It is our business to 'do this,as we are the Fiscal Agents of the Company,We sell stock in large or small amounts, ta suit the buyer.A. D. FARLEY & CO.404 Courier-Journal Bldg.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.frvyijpfj fy MiiTHE BOURDON KEWS, PARIS, JKT.FRIDAY, MAKCH 22, 191S.innfin Hif38,&II1-r-w:iSTATE FOOD AMCHISTRATOBAPPEALS TO FABMEBS..County Food Administrator JohnT. Collins has received the followingbulletin from State Food Administrator Fred M. Sackett, of Louisville,requesting him to give it the verywidest .publicity through the pressajid otherwise:"The following telegram was received from Mr. Hoover:"In order that -we may comply withthe urgent demands of the Allies forwheat, and at the same time, takecare, of our own domestic supplies,we urgently need this year an earlierand more complete marketing of thewheat in farmers' hands than usual.The .Allies are taking from us fiftyper cent, of other cereals than wheatto mix in their bread. Inasmuch asthe people in allied countries, andthe soldiers, must be fed with breadbeked in bakeries, it is impossible forthem to prepare bread ,made whollyout of other cereals and we must furnish them with sufficient wheat tomaintain their bakery loaf. I, therefore, appeal to all of the farmers inthe State of Kentucky that they shallbring all of their wheat, except theirnecessary reserves for seed, to market-beforeMay 1st. This is a warcall and a service for Uncle Sam whois fighting for his life. If your localmiller is unable to buy all the wheatthat is offered, market it -in theother customary trade channelsthrough which it will reach the FoodAdministration Grain Corporation."Please publish this in your newspapers and appeal to all patrioticfarmers to heed Mr. Hoover's suggestion. "FRED M. SACKET,"Federal Food Administrator forKentucky."Blue Ribbon SeedsNone Better6 Papers for 25cOnion SetsAt Long as Our Supply Lasts15c a QuartBESTSEED POTATOES5 Different Varieties$2.50 Per BushelWE PAYHIGHEST CASH PRICESFOR PRODUCEBusy BeeCash Store(22mar-4t)A New Spring HatFor25 Cents.You can color your straw hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo.Phones 46415 Main St.?WALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONEGIVE USC.A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main Streets-JBOOKS FOR THE SOEDEIRSThis is the week of the nationwide drive jto collect a million booksfor soldiers' libraries. The AmeriVan T.ihmrv Association has beenput in charge of this work by theGovernment, and Miss Fannie Rawsen, of Frankfort, Secretary of theState Library Commission, is incharge of the work in this city and isbeing assisted by a number of energetic workers.Miss Redmon reports a generousresponse to the appeal for books forthe soldiers, but there is room yet formore. Good books are wanted andgood books of every kind to meet thevarying tastes of the soldier boys, ftis necessary that these books be collected this week for immediate consignment to the camps.Take a look through your books.You will then be able to recall manythat filled you with delight a longtime ago, and which you well knowwill be a delight to some boy whohas left his home, in obedience to theGovernment's call to the colors. Remember, he has many lonesome hoursand these books will be a solace anda source of satisfaction, the same asthey were to you.a 1Q EaFRESH CAUGHT FISH FOR TODAY ABB TO-MORROW.We will have a choice lot of freshcaught fish for to-day and to-morrow.We dress them free of charge. Phonein your order if you want something choice.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.(19-2t)nmnSPRING CLOTHES NEED ATTENTION. Don't discard that last season'ssuit. It can be made to look likenew by cleaning and pressing. Letus fix it up for you.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(19-2t)m mOUR SOLDIERS AND SAILORSWANT BOOKS TO READ.Our soldiers and sailors want someof your books to read in their "off"hours. The best you have are nottoo good. Wrap them and send toMiss Imogene Redmon, this week, atthe Paris Public Library, cornerof Seventh and High streets. "Theboys" will greatly appreciate them,and you will never miss them.Why Attend Fugazzi Schoolof Business?1 Because we do what we agreeto do, and make no false representations with a view of inducing patronage. 2 Because we have an ample faculty of educated teachers and whatis bf much greater importance to ourstudents, they are practical womenwho have had years of experience inthe work they are teaching.3 Because we make Uioiousli instruction and conscientious servicethe basis of our claim to your patronage. It is our aim to lead everyonewho may enroll with us to a practical knowledge of the studies pursued, and we succeed in-this with allwho apply themselves. What youngpeople ieed who wish to begin lifeat any sort of work is THOROUGHPREPARATION. The real workman,in any vocation is never "out of ajob;" can always get more than hecan do. Business men have neithertime nor inclination to instruct theiremployes that is our work.There was never a better time foryou to get into the swim money iomoving. It will be wise for you tomove with it. Every condition isfavorable. There is more money inthe family circle than there has beenin years. If some of it is not appropriated to your interest in the nearfuture, it is more than likely thatyou will miss your chance.You want to take advantage ofthis rising tide. You can do this bymaking a start now. We can not onlyfit you for business, train ycti forpractical work, but if you need ouraid, we can get paying employmentfor you.We court a thorough investigation. Write, phone, or call at the school.Day and Night Classes.FUGAZZI SCHOOL OF BUSINESS.Miss Irene Fueazzi. Principal,118 N. Upper St., Lexinsrton, K7.(22-it)BY EXPERTSA CALLFORMERPARISIAH TELLSj H5UHHY CALIFORNIA.OFA member of THE NEWS staJf isin receipt of a most interesting letter from a former resident of Paris,o oniinnimntA. friend and neighbor.who is now living in sunny Califoi-nia. me wniei i it.h. .. v.v,Erringer, of Chicago. Mrs. Erringerand family .after leaving Paris manyyears ago, located in Chicago, wherethe boys became interested in business ventures. Frank Erringer remained in Chicago, while Clarence,filled with a desire to live the simplelife, went to the sunny clime of California, where he -now owns a finefruit ranche. Mr. Erringer's letterwill be of interest to our readers andto his many friends here:"Rio Vista Ranche, Filmore, Cali.,"Dear Old Chum:"Frank has kept me pretty wellposted concerning yourself and otherof my Paris friends of the old days,and to-day the occasion seems so fitviz rain and stormy outside that Ipropose a line or two, perhaps severalparagraphs."I have at last reached the goal ofmy ambition, the height of contentment and happiness, ranche life. Itis the only life, in fact, for the pooras well as the rich man: At the ageof fifty I find myself 'physically fit,'for another term of perhaps fiftymore years on the good old earth.And I sure do love old America."Now, concerning my ranche, itmay perhaps interest you to knowsomething of the place, the surrounding country, etc. We are located inthe beautiful Santa Clara Valley, inVentura county, California, theranche proper being in the foothillsof the Sulphur Mountains to thesouth, with the Santa Clara river onthe north. "Camulos," the famoushome of Ramona, is two miles to theeast of this place, and Fillmore, acity of 3,000, on our west. It is a delightful panorama, all around, infact."My ranche is planted mostly tom ix.--. Z, TIT T1 Ploraniofruit, forty acres being in four-year-pldlemons, now just beginning to'bear nicely; forty-five acres in walnuts, six-year-olds, all bearing heavily; forty-five acres in. fifteen-year-old-apricots, full bearing; five acresin Valencia oranges, On the ranche,which comprises about three hundred acres, we have the best of pasturage for our cattle back in thehills, have apiaries, etc. Recently,Mr. E. L. Doheney, the oil magnate,has acquired holdings all around us,and I have just refused a large sumfor my oil rights, as some day it iamy desire to develop."It is quite interesting during ourapricot harvest, which is drawingnear (June 1) to see our small armyof apricot pickers, cutters and driersworking full force, some 100 to 250girls being employed for the work..We have a large drying shed, sulphur houses, tramways, etc., for Midpurpose of carrying on this work.The campers have their tents in abeautiful eucalyptus, grove near theorchards, and they manage to enjoythemselves hugely, at the same timeearn vacation money ranging anywhere from ?1.00 to $3.00 per day,the season lasting about thirty day3.We generally have a crop of about150 tons of the green fruit, or whendried, one-fifth of that amount, being thirty tons of dried apricots, selling anywhere from 10 cents to 15cents per pound, last season bringingfifteen cents per pound, being warprices. '"The walnuts follow soon afterharvesting of our beans, about October 1. The beans are interset in theyoung lemon groves, by the way,forty acres yielding about sevensacks to the acre. This applies tothe Blackeyed Susan variety or 'CoonBeans.' The walnuts are of the'budded' stock or familiarly known asthe Placentia Perfecto or Santa Clarasoft-shell variety. These command thehighest prices, last season bringing22 cents for the Jumbo, and 20 cenisfor the orchard run stock."We are having our first rains after a dry period of eleven months,and the ranche men are all smilesOur normal rainfall in the valleyaverages about twenty inches, whilesince the 25 th of February we havehad fifteen inches, thereby insuringnot only an immense crop, but coming at a time when things lookedvery encouraging for a rainless season. "My youngest son, Orville, is manager of the ranche, having taken theplace of Theodore, my oldest son,when the latter left to marry andlocate in the East. It would be agreat pleasure to me to have any ofmy old friends who should happen tobe journeying in Southern California,visit me at "Rio Vista," and I wouldinsure them an interesting time aswell as a taste of real ranche life.We have a commodious ranche homeand all the comforts of life, andwould jinake things interesting forour visitors."My mother, who is with me, aswell as Mrs. Erringer, joins me inkindest regards to all our friends,and especially to those who were ourfriends and comrades in ttie days ofthe old City School, and the play-days out on Vine street. Remember,me to Swift Champ, Bruce Miller,Warren 'Bacon, Frank and HarryClay, Duncan Bell and Ed. Tucker,and a few other old settlers, and tellthem all that 'this is the life' outhere under the finest clmate theworld ever saw. Tell them to getaway from the grind of business life,and come to California, and go toranching. From a delicate kid I havegrown into a real man, and feel perfectly able to lick Jess Willard, if Tshopuld happen to get real mad.With best regards, 1"Your old Vine street neighborand friend,, "CLARENCE ERRINGER."The letter ,was accompanied witha large number of kodak views, takenon and in the vicinity of "Rio Vista,"showing Mr. Erringer to be, indeed,most delightfully situated1 mmrREPAIRING NEATLY DONE.Let us reline, repair and fix upthose summer 'clothes. Two lady experts employed by us for that purpose. . ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(13-2t) v ' .. .. ,.' .K"Nothing But the Truth" comes tothe Paris Grand Opera House nextThursday, March 28, This is a farceof the riotous laughter kind. In itthe hero wagers that without chang-ing his mode of life he can utternothing-but the truth for a certainperiod. ,He proceeds to do so andsucceeds thereby in disrupting thedomestic relations of his partnerbrings about his ears the avowal ofhis fiancee that she will break theirengagement; sets a rumor afloat thatupsets Wall Street; tarnishes a number of spotless reputations r and succeeds in involving those with whomhe comes" in contact, in a seeminglyhopeless tangle of complications. Itis the making and unmaking ofthese that form a story of laughterin gales and shrieks. It is the tellingof this story that has made "NothingBut the Truth" the synonym ofmirth.For fire, wind, lightning and automobileinsurance,see Y.erkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.READING FOR SOLDIERS.Our soldiers want more readingmatter. A large number of bookshave been sent both to the jmen inthe home camps and those at thefront in France, but the supply is notyet sufficient, and the public is askedto meet the need by selections fromits own libraries or volumes purchased for the purpose. But it mustbe done this week, as Sunday will bethe last day.Send the books to Miss ImogeneRedmon, librarian at the Paris Public Library, and they will be gratefully received and forwarded.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsMAYSVILLE JOINS RANKS OF BIGFIRE LOSERS.I The origin of the $45,000 fire,which destroyed the C. & O. coaldocks, at Maysville, Sunday night, isunknown yet, but it is believed thattwo men. who wanted to stay allnight at the docks on Saturdaynight set the place afire. The menwere seen in the vicinity of the docksat various times Sunday, and it is(-thought that they waited until darkand when all the employes werebusy to slip into the boiler room andstarted the blaze.The coal docks were built aboutnine years ago at a cost of $35,000.They were modern in every particular and were equipped with someverv exnensive machinery. The lossto the C. & O. will be about $45,000.The Spahr Brick Co.'s loss is placedat about $1,500, while the MaysvilleStreet Railway Co.'s loss was about$500.fe fcs tsiFire. Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m m .FIRE DESTROYS ARNOLD HOMEIN MT. STERLING.Fire, supposed to have caughtfrom the kitchen flue, destroyed theframe residence belonging to Wm.Arnold, located on Spring street, Mt.Sterling, early Tuesday morning.The contents were burned. The losswill reach approximately $1,250,partially covered by insurance. Thehouse was situated just at the edgeof the city limits and far from a fireplug, and the fire department couldnot reach the flames with the hose.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Carrie Coleman and Others. Plaintiff.'.Vs. Notice of Sale.John Frazier and Others. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November term, 1917. of theBourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned Master will, onSaturday, April 6, 1918,at the front door bf the Court House,in Paris, Kentycky, at about thehour of 12 o'clock (noon) a. m., sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperty:A certain lot or .parcel of land lying and being in Bourbon County,Kentucky, on the waters of Houstonand bounded as follows:On the North by the Bethlehem.and New Hopewell Turnpike; on theEast by Jim Murphy; South by KingBrooks; on the West by Will Williams; supposed to contain .twoacres, more or less, and being thesame property conveyed to Isaac Frazier by George Arnett and RebeccaJ. Arnett, his wife, by deed datedMay 22, 1978, recorded in DeedBook 65, page 84, in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County CourtSaid sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute two bonds for equalparts of the purchase price, withgood surety, to be approved by theCommissioner, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at six per cent,per annum from date until paid, saidbonds to have t-he force and effect ofjudgments, and the purchaser may,at his option, pay cash. Said sale ismade for the purpose of a divisionamong the parties in interest.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner."NOTHING SUT THE TRUTH."iFRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STOREtSpring 1918"3S.NOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERYv.Silks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.GRAND OPERA HOUSETHURSDAY, MARCH 28The Play that Cincinnati Newspapers endorsed sofavorably. The Play that ran for 446 consecutive performances 'at the Longacre Theatre, New York.ANDERSON and WEBERSlgr- PRESENT?1 vv.!-XwXX; &-. .v v J2nBmRaBBBBBBBlTHE GREATESTOF ALL FARCES5NOTHINGBUT THETROTHA smart play for smart people. A laugh with everytick of the clock. The funniest comedy New York has seenin years N. Y. Times. This attraction guaranteed strictlyhigh class, and owing to an error in dates enables Paris tosee this popular attraction. Don't fail to see this show ifyou do, don't blame any one but yourself.PRICES 25c TO $1.50Seat Sale Monday at Alamo Theatre and The GrandfcDESCRIPTIONt -. ..1YORKI-1one 11jjl YEAR Slit ,N ISN EW gmmK-H-xoyaa""""." "" yA1 , J;mar22-29-apr5)(F pFRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1918.THE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, Y.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.'N 7N,Kton TE ESTNOTHING CUSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; semination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)YOU BEED'M WE HAVE'MWe have tlie Garden Seed. Youneed them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.?S E 131APPELLATE COURT DECISIONS.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, in the case of Clay vs.Clay, from. Bourbon county, the appellee filed a motion for sixty daysextension of time to file petition fora rehearing with notice. The appellant objected and time was givenuntil March 22 to file brief on objection. Motion submitted.BOOK DRIVE WEEK.Select from your libraries goodbooks in good condition. Wrap andmark them "Library War Service."Take them to Miss Imogene Redmonat the Paris Public Library, cornerof High and Seventh streets. Theywill be sent to camp libraries allover America and "over there." Asane, sensible, war service.K 153NOW SHOWING BEAUTIFULSPRING LINE.See our beautiful line of dressginghams, middie blouses and children's dresses just received.(22-3t) THE RACKET STORE.T2i la ISWORTH YOUR WHILE.Investigate the values, the styleand fit of our spring suits at $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SHOOT 'EM ON THE SPOT!If artillery horses, why not artillerymen? Why not civilians? Theincident at Camp Grant which caused more damage than a half dozenZeppelin raids upon the unfortifiedBritish cities was the logical outcomeof German, propaganda in the UnitedStates,, accompanied every where by adisposition to commit overt acts.Further leniency, further softnesstoward German agents in AmericaInvite far graver enemy raids thanthe poisoning of 700 horses, whichin itself was no mean coup for theKaiser.1 TSFOR SALE.400 Calif ornia Privet Hedge; 4-year-oldplants; must apply atonce; a bargain.It W. ED. TUCKER.SHORTAGE OP TOBACCO COTTONIN LOCAL STORES.With the exception of one department store, Paris stores were confronted yesterday with a decide!shortage of tobacco cotton, the demand for the staple far exceeding thesupply. The prospect of an increasedacreage and a big crop of the weedthis season caused a rush on localsupplies, with the result that thestores were soon unable to supplythe needs of the tobacco men. Conditions are likely to improve soon,as wholesalers will be able to getstocks of the cotton to the local merchants. Hi te IBSPRING. STETSON HATS.Every new and stylish color andshape $5 and 6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe IS ISFor fire, wind, lightning and automobileinsurance,seeYerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.! ?s iaFARMERS URGED TO SELL THEIRWHEAT EARLY.A telegram was received Wednesday from Federal Food Administrator Hoover by County Food Administrator John T. Collins, requestinghim to urge Bourbon county farniersto dispose of all their surplus wheatby May 1, in order to meet the demand from the soldiers and theAllies.There is very little, if any, wheatbeing held by farmers in Bourboncounty, according to local dealers,the grain having been disposed ofthrough the regular channels sometime ago.ia la laEPWORTH LEAGUE PLAY.The members of the EpworthLeague of the Paris Methodist churchpresented a clever playlet, "This IsSo Sudden," at the church, lastnight at 7:30 o'clock,' to a large audience. The various characters inthe cast were in capable hands andwere presented in a way that wouldhave been a credit to professionals.At the conclusion of the presentation refreshments were served, and afree-will offering taken, t-he proceedof which will be devoted to the workof the League. The cast was as fol-lowsGertrude (age 25) .Miss Vella MastinFlorence (age 29) . .Miss Ina MattoxMarie (age 22).. Miss Gladys SnappHelen (woman of the world age35) Miss Frances HancockMargaret (a society girl) . . . . . . . .- " . . ". . .' Miss Mabel Gallowayfomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Maude Herrin is ill at herhome on South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. W. Fithian Hailhave moved to their new home nearBlanchester, Ohio.Mr. Duncan Taylor, of LosAngeles, Cal., is the guest of hisbrother, Mr. Wm. Taylor.Mr. T. B. Forsyth, of Shepherdoville, Ky., was a guest of Bourboncounty relatives this week.Mrs. Green Moore and children,of Covington, are guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Ros, nearParis.Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrardhave returned from a visit to relatives in Cynthiana arid Harrisoncounty.Mrs.. Ernest Horsley, of Lexington, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Carrie F. Stone, and other relativesin this city.Mrs. Mary Terrill of Orantre.Va., is -a guest of her son, Mr. HenryL. Terrill and Mrs. Terrill, on Fifteenth street." Mr. Claude Biddle, of Waynetown, Ind., and Miss Jennie Biddle,of Lexington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. M. 0. Biddle.Mr. a.nd Mrs. Morgan Martinhave returned to Cynthiana after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas C.Whaley, in Paris.Mrs. James Brock, of St. Louis,is a guest at the Windsor Hotel.Mrs. Brock was formerly Miss Bettie Trundle, of Paris.Mrs. Mary E. Howse has returned to her home in Carlisle, after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. RudolphDavis, of Seventh street.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Atkins, of Mt.Sterling, are the guests of Mrs. Wm.Tarr, -near Paris. Mrs. Atkins wasformerly Miss Anna Garth Tarr.Bush Bishop and C. T. Stone,both of Paris, who are patients atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from typhoid fever, are improving. Maysville Bulletin: "Mrs. A. L.Wells, of Paris, returned home Sunday after a visit with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery, of Forestavenue."Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney Ferguson, Mrs. Wm. Payne. Mrs. R. F.Offutt, Mrs. Scott and Mrs. W. N. jOffutt, of Georgetown, were recentvisitors in Paris.Mayor E. B. January was inLexington yesterday afternoon, attending a meeting of the officialBoard of Managers of the I. 0. 0. F.Widows' and Orphans' Home.Mr. Ed. B. Hedges, who hasbeen dangerously ill at his home onStoner avenue, following an operation in a Cincinnati hospital, wasconsiderably improved yesterday.Miss Catherine Thomson, formerly of Paris, has returned to herschool duties at Hamilton College, inLexington, after a visit to Miss AnnaEads Peed, on South Main street.Mr. Phil Nippert, manager ofthe Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.plant, attended the meeting of theState Association of Ice Manufacturers, held in Lexington, Wednesday.Misses Anna and Katherine Wilson, of Mt. Airy avenue," are entertaining a week-end bouse party composed of Miss Matilda Moore, Messrs.Henry McAfee and Junius Millard,of Shelbyville.Miss Laura Lilles.ton, who hasbeen very ill at her home on Higgins avenue, is com alescent. MissClara Kramer, trained nurse, wholias been in attendance on Mis?Lilleston, returned to her home inCincinnati, Wednesday.Mr. Joseph Williams, lately CityMarshal of Millersburg, who recentlylesigned that position to accept aplace in the Louisville & Nashvilleservice' in Paris, moved here thisweek,, with his family, and is occupying a cottage on Sixteenth street.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. RobertGeorge visited her sister, Miss MaryMcMahan, in Paris, Tuesday. . . .Mrs.W. F. Cheatham visited relatives inParis, Tuesday. . .Mrs. A. E. Trumboreturned Tuesday from a few days'visit with her daughter, Mrs. FarrisBrothers, in Paris."Mr. Clifton P. Tatum, representing the sales department of theBush-Krebs Company, makers ofprinting machinery, of Louisville,and Mr. Bert M. Capper; of the engraving department of the same concern, were callers at THE NEWSoffice Wednesday.Mrs. Janies Thompson, Jr., ofnear Paris, was one of the "waitresses" at the opening of the RedCross tea rooms, on Main street, inLexington, Wednesday afternoon.The tea rooms will be largely pat-ionized by Paris women who are inLexington on shopping tours.Miss -Rosetta Santen, of Paris,was one of the guests Tuesday at a"miscellaneous shower" given in Lexington by Mrs. Wm. Kranz and MidsKathryn Caden in honor of MissAlice Elizabeth Eenckart. Mi3sBenckart and Mr. Bernard Santen,of Paris, will be married in April.Mr. W. M. Goodloe will leavethis week for Omaha, Neb., to locate, having accepted a position therewith, the wholesale and retail seedhouse of Wertee DeVaughn.. Mr.Goodloe has for some time been inthe insurance business in Paris, andalso represented a large commissionhouse in Cincinnati in this territory(Other Personals on Page 3)RELIGIOUS.. Services at the Episcopal churchSunday morning at 10:45, conductedby Archbishop Wentworth, of Winchester. The Pastor's Aid Society of theParis Presbyterian church "will holdtheir regular all-day meeting in theRed Cross sewing room in the Bourbon county court house, Tuesday,March 26.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church -will meet at thecourt house Sunday evening at 6:30.The subject wil be, "Remedies For-Intemperance." Leader, Mr. GarretJefferson. The public is cordially invited to attend.The Presbyterian church willhold regular services in the courthouse Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock. The sermons will be preached by Rev. A. S. Venable, Presidentof Sayre College, Lexington. Dr. Venable was until recently pastor of thechurch at Millersburg.Gospel meetings conducted underthe direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright,of the Paris Christian church, arebecoming a Sunday feature in theLittle Rock church. Mr. Boatright isassisted by Z. L. Wilcox, Prof. T. A.Hendricks and W. T. Talbott, ofParis, and John Willie Jones andRev. Frank M. Tinder, of North Mid-dletown.EASTER HATSFor men and boys. The sortyou'll be proud to wear.J. W. DAVIS & CO.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, March 22, Ladies'and Government Day. Two ladiesadmitted on one paid ticket, plus theAvar tax. Jessie L. Lasky presentsWallace Reid and Kathlyn Williamsin "The Thing We Love?' directedby Lou Tellegan; King Baggot andMarguerite Snow, in "The Naval BailConspiracy," being the se'eond episode of "The Eagle's Eye." At theAlamo in afternoon, at Paris Grandin evening.To-morrow, Saturday, March 23Gladys Hulette, in "A Crooked Romance," a Pathe five-reel feature;Hearst Pathe News Feature No. 18.At the Alamo in afternoon; at ParisGrand in evening.Monday, March 25 Thos. H. Incepresents William S. Hart, in "The Silent Man," an Artcraft picture; William Fox presents "Roaring Lionsand Wedding Bells," two-part farcecomedy.m l mCONSUMERS MUST MAKE APPLICATION FOR COAL.Domestic consumers of coal will berequired to file an application withtheir dealers immediately for theamount of coal they will require during the season ending March 31,1919, under the new retail distribution plan announced recently byWiley B. Bryan, Federal Fuel Administrator for the State. Dealers willbe permitted to sell only to those whomake application on regulation blankform copies which will be furnishedto every dealer in the State by thecounty chairman of the Federal FuelCommittee.FOR SALESet of dining room furniture; almost new; a superb set. Call on oraddress,MRS. N. A. MOORE.Among TheMarchVictorRecordsyou will find music that isespecially suited to thepresent time.Just Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods. WashGoods Ld many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryarcrtiittMwwiro w m m iKEW COUNTY HIGH SCHOOLNEARLY COMPLETED.The new consolidated County HighSchool, located at Buckley's CrowRoads, near Centerville, will be completed this week, and ready for occupancy. Misses Mary Stagg and CordioOder, who have been delayed fromschool several days pending thecompletion of the new building, willbe the teachers. Prof. Harney, theformer principal, is now a member ofthe draft army at Camp Zachary18430. U. S. Field ArtilleryMarch Sousa's Band. LibertyLoan March Sousa's Band. 75c.18432. Maytime Waltz (WillYou Remember) Waldorf-AstoriaDance Orchestra. AmericanSerenade (Fox Trot) WaldorfAstoria Dance Orchestra. 75c.18424. Liberty Bell (Its Time, to Ring Again) Peerless Quartet. There s a Service FlagFlying at Our Home ShannonFour. 75c.18405. Fun in Flanders, PartI. ; Fun in Flanders, Part II.Lieut. Gitz Rice and HenryBurr. 75c.18427. Sweet Little ButtercupElizabeth Spencer andShannon Four. HomewardBound Peerless Quartet. 75c.18433. The Further it is fromTipperary Billy Murray. I'mGoing to Follow the Boys Elizabeth Spencer and Henry Burr.75c.DaughertyBros.Fifth and MainThe Big Cash SaleWhere You Get the Lowest Prices and the Best GoodsIs Still Going On, and Will Continue Until April 1st.Anticipate Your Needs.The Great Way Sagless SpringsAre in Our Salem ,iifMmlwt'ii &iT3k.2y tji t irl--v j v i v v r -.- -v .- i . - : 'iw O '. nrcn Datmi?$ r-o. w wTry One for 60 Days; if it Don't Suit Send it BackMATTING RUGS9x12 Feet; Sale Price J&4.60 Look at the QualityIf we do not sell you Better Goods For Less Moneywe do not expect to sell you.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club !THEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SSGSSIXTH AND MAIN STS.V. W"l IftjfTaylor.'jjjmmm .a-..ii ruin MMillIHU)MllnwWHriWWfcWi11THE BOURBON JSEWS, PARK, KY.PAGE SBCFRIDAY, MARCH 22, lt&t. - ' fbx-mm&Mmm&mIS..I;yimarii1'ilfrmp' RHEUMATISM IS i0K JiMI i- still unknown iipB "'. fdH HU?nm8M& Mi:m H& f; aiv ' S-x-:?. ,v ',. PrA- - VBut; Whatever the Reason, Radiumis Known As Effective Cura-tive Acency."Wihether or not it is uric acid orsome other impurity Jn the blood thatcauses rheumatism is still a questionBut, whether it is uric acid or someother impurity; radium is an effectivecurative agency for rheumatism.It is generally believed that rheumatism is caused by uric acid orcome other impurity in the blood.These impurities travel about the circulatory system of the blood and areliable to settle in any one or in several" points causing the aches andpains of rheumatism to come in thesepoints.It is declared that if the blood is'free of all impurities uric acid andall other impurities, too rheumatism will gradually leave.Radium purifies, cleanses and enriches the blood. It drives out uricacid and it drives out the other impurities also, so t&at no matter whatreally causes rheumatism, radium iseffective as a curative agency.Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment,which is now being introduced, 'contains radium and that is why itsmakers have such confidence in it forthe treatment of rheumatism.Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentconsists of a tablet for internal useand a-special medicament for external annlicatian. Each of the tablet3for internal use produces four macheunits of genuine radium emanation.Try a real medicine for rheumatism! Try Radium! You can getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment atany good drug store where you getTanlac, the famous tonic.(adv)IHRTJ3IBTtr jfT-Catarrh amlBronand Coldin, theHead .RecommendPE-RU-NAThose who object to Hqujd medicines can secure Peruna 'tablets.Mrs. Roff-; A. Klss,-31f.ClintdmPlace, Kansas City, Missouri, ."writes:"I was very sick' with Catarrhand Bronchitis. I also" had a coldIn the head. I used Peruna and amwell pleased with the results. Ithas done me a great deal of good.I do not need any other medicine. Ican cheerfully recommend it to anyone who .is troubled with catching,cold frequently or any one who hasa chronic 'cough or chronic catarrh.Those wishing furthe. particularsconcerning my case may write me.Be sure to enclose a stamp and Iwill answer."JANE KAVANAUGHMAY BEBAUGERTRUDE TOWLERThree Charming Girls With the Lat est Comedy Success, "Nothing But The Truth," at Paris Grand OperaHouse, Thursday, March 28.VJTrtWV. TTTF, ALLIED LOANS GO. ; FEW CENTS DESTROYS, YOUR DANDRUFF ANDtnra DPnnlA thflTl VOU WOUlO. DeDr. Wm. Riley FranklinOPTOMETRISTPractice Limited to the Correctionof Defective Vision hy ProperlyPitted Lenses.f? - E. TENN. PHONE No. 7.' ?' " HOME PHONE No. 303Call Made to Any Part ofCity or County.520 Main St. Paris, Ky.SpringAnnouncement!gTfftLADIES' NEWSuits, Coats,Millinery, Shoes,Waists, Etc.-,TWIN BROS.Departmeit StoreMain aid Seventh Streetslieve are under the impression thatthe money which Uncle Sam is lending to th Allies leaves America forexpenditure in Europe and other foreign countries.This is a mistaken idea.Virtually all of it is expended righthere at home for American producedgoods, munitions and food stuffs.Since the declaration of waragainst Germany on April 6, 1917,Congress -lias authorized the lendingof $7,000,000,000 to the Allies, to bepaid over before July 1, 1918. Upto November 1 the Allies had received advances aggregating $3,691,-400.000. They had expendedAmerica for supplies $2,758,900,000,and had remining to their credit inthe United States ueasury a balanceof $932,500,000.From April to November the Allieshad been borrowing from Uncle Samat the rate of approximately $500,000,000 a month.And they had been spending itwith us almost as rapidly as theygot it!So the money which you put intoLiberty Bonds in the two precedingcampaigns has been trickling backthrough the channels of commerce inan uninterrupted stream. What theAllies are not spending is being scattered by Uncle Sam, who is confronted with the task of supplying andcaring for a developing army ofnearly 2,000,000 men.And so it will continue as long asthe war lasts. The men afield mustbe supplied with munitions, clothingand food. Every line of Americanendeavor will profit. The larger thebond sales, the greater the growthof the Allied armies and their requirements; the more tremendous theexpenditures.Every dollar put into LibertyBonds is an added stimulus to American industry and American prosperity.Besides making more and morecertain the defeat of the Kaiser's ambition to rule the world with hismailed fist.tax Ea TGThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doc-Jtors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local di-jease, greatly influenced by!constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured by.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken in-1ternally and acts thru the blood on.the Mucous Surfaces of tie System,One Hundred -Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials. IF. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, OSold by all Druggists, 75c. IHall's Family Pills for Constipation,(adv. March)HERE'S A PATRIOT.SaveHnn nf 1i ,J.,w.4. j -i iicrn-DC TTATT.TTWJ TrATR . . "" VL " j:sl aau at uie samej.vrj. j.x uw ume most highly resnectedmen about ElktonYour Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy and BeautifulTry This!youngis Clyde Wrieht.26 years old and an employe on the.Perkins & Gardner farm, near townHe is a firm believer in actions ratherthan words.Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggy Inability on the part of his em-hair is 'mute evidence of a neglected ployer to find some one to take hisscalp; of dandruff that awful scurf, place at t-he time alone kept himThere is nothing so destructive loilrom volunteering for service in thethe hair as dandruff. It robs the hair! navy, and when he was drafted hoof its lustre, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feverish-come to town, had the editor" of theTimes fill out his questionaire. oneness and itching of the scalp, which ! ofthe simplest of jobs, because theif not remedied causes the hair roots! young man waived all exemptionsto shrink, loosen and die then thein I hair falls out fast. A little Dander-ine to-night now any time willsurely save your hair.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug 'store ortoilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on thatlife, lustre and luxuriance which isso beautiful. It will become wavyand stated he wished to so at once.And this isn't all yesterday afternoon 4ie came to town and plankeddown a cool, thousand dollars for themaximum limit in war-saving certificates, saying that he wanted hismoney to help while he himself is inthe trenches. He is the first Toddcountian to take the limit in this patriotic movement, and the thousandand fluffy and have the appearance! represents a big slice of the moneyof abundance, an incomparable glossand softness; but what will pleaseyou most will be after just a fevweeks' use, when you will actuallysee a lot of fine, downy hair newhair growing all over the scalp.(adv)jeq im iciA GOOD POTATO CROPHere is how I raised 330 bushelsof Irish potatoes on 1 acres of landlast year. I had sown this land inclover and alfalfa, had cut it onejyear, covered it in. the fall with stable manure, plowed it in February,harrowed it well and planted the lastdays of March. I cut the potatoes oneeye in a piece as near as I could. Ifurrowed the land off four feet apartwith a furrowing plow as deep as Icould, dropped two pieces to the hillas close as could be worked, I guessabout 20 inches apart. Covered withhoes, about three hoefulls of dirt tothe hill. Cultivaled twice beforethey could be hoed. I laid them byas early as I could and planted coinwith a one-horse corn drill betweenthe rows, hoed this corn twice, keeping it clean. The corn made fineroasting ears and came in fine tostart the hogs and feed milk cows inlate fall. Asa W. Shown, in Southern Agriculturist.lie has accumulated throusrh industry and integrity. And the questionnow is: How many who are NOTgoing to the trenches will be as liberal with their money? Todd County Times, Elkton, Ky.Ka IBi 153THHTGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The New York World says that agirl, half-clothed, who danced beforea society club in that city, recently,Aas arrested and held under $300bail "for fu-'hor examination." Weare inclined to the opinion that itmust be very hard to satisfy the curiosity of some New Yorkers.to S3POR A BAD COLD.WANT MORE COMFORT KITSWITH SOCKS AND TOBACCO.firing line. This fact should he asolace to the American women whohave made them, as well as to thesoldiers. More kits wanted wit&socks and tobacco.TRY THIS TOR SOUR STOMACH.Every American woman who hashelped to pack a Red Cross comfortkit for our boys "over there" will be jinterested in a cablegram received lFebruary 24, at the National Headquarters, from Major James H. Perkins, American Red Cross Commissioner to Europe:Every American soldier now enteringthe trenches carries an AmericanRed Cross comfort kit containingtowel, shirt, writing paper, pencil,soap, handkerchief, socks, mirror andtobacco. The number of kits cannotbe stated, but the fact that every The war is estimated to have costsoldier has one means that the work Germany 1,300,000 dead soldiers anddone by American women is a big ' as many more maimed and crippledcomfort to the soldiers now on the for life.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill-troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforsgoing to bed.(adv. March)W. DAVISrUNERAL DIRECTORMotorEquipmcntBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Kyll& Id is.Take' Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of timeand can be depended upon.(adv. March)'. IBs te teTrosky and Lenine ought tobewiser now.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecoat is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you., A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2T0RG0T WHAT HE NEEDED.MARGOLEN'SyLambCorn Fed BeefVeatAll Home-KilledFrom the Republican, Mt. Giliad,'Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when 3joung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorroCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and tfien said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," woinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's Coug5iRemedy, and I forgot the name. I"Kent to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the sheifexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to th-proprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimers lose faith instores where substituting is permitteuto' say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disap-!pointment of customers,(adv. March)T fe laMARKET FOR RABBITS.THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYSanitary Meat MarketThere are millions "of rabbits in theWest and Southwest that could bemarketed in large cities, accordingto reports received by the Bureau ofMarkets, United States Departmentof Agriculture. Efforts the beingmade by the Department of Agricul-i.ture and by individuals in this territory to interest dealers throughoutthe country in the possibilities ofhandling rabbits from Texas, NewMexico, Oklahoma, Arizona, Nevada,Kansas and other Western States.Reports from ten large cities indicate a good market demand for cottontail and jack rabbits, with whole-,sale prices ranging from ?2to $5 adozen for jack rabbits, dependingupon the size and quality and distance of market from supply. Theincreased demand for rabbits thiswinter in some cities is due, saydealers, to meatless days and thehigh prices of meats and poultry.W'fea.Curesan'd preventsThis most danzerouBkrftitAot all baby chick dla- TT llilCmcb jJUHiuveiyprevented.or cured.by patting 2 or 3 drop oCDiarrhoeaBiwtM Pi.lfry ReadyIn the drinkine water d urine tbafirst ten days. Cures gape, cholera.eoreaeaa. roup ana eoia. a weBOKie Bakes iZcalloasociBedUcine. At draggtets or by Ball-postpaid. poultryjUoolcFree.urtoen Rem4y C., DptWf taxing, Ky,WOMEN LEARNING TO KNIT TWOSOCKS AT ONCE.The art of knitting two socks atonce one inside the other has recently been introduced into thisj country from Europe and is excitingmuch interest among tea urossworkers, says the April Popular Mechanics Magazine. Two, instead ofone balls of yarn are required, butthe regular number of needles isused, stitches Jbeing taken -with eachthread alternately. The outer sockis made wrong side out, while the!inner one is knit in the regular way. 'Breaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging to Thomason, Burris & Hinkston for an- Average of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at$78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas, Burris & Hinkston crop sold a follows:115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds 55.50; 175 pounds $60.00; 210 pounds $54.50 20D Dounds$54.50; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 pounds $77.00; 200 pounds S58 00- 12pounds $60.00; 290 pounds $58.50; 205 pounds $60.00; 170 pounds $50.50; 80 pounds' $47 00115 pounds $54.50. , 'Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson4525 pounds, averaged $54,06Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, averaged 50.24Plummer, McClure & Vimont1975 pounds, averaged 47,84Thomason, Burris & Fleming3255 pounds, averaged 47.54Plummer, McClure & Frederick3580 pounds, averaged 43 .87Thomason, Burris & Wagner1890 pounds, averaged 48.21Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47.00Jones & Mason1340 pounds, ayeraged .... 45.82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged .... 46.33Jacoby & Gray7075 pounds, averaged 41 ,45Ewalt & Kenton4590 pounds, averaged .... 3S.SOClay & Neal2530 pounds, averaged 44.94The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Imconormtoi.)PARIS, KENTUCKY-J"!A&,V,ysFHIDAY, MARCH 22, 1918.OTE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS,. KY.page marN.To The -American PeopleThere it no foundation for the allegedviolations of law attributed to our Com. pany by agents of the Federal TradeCommission and I want to say emphatically that Swift & Company is not a party toany conspiracy to defraud the Government Nor has Swift & Company beenguilty of improperly storing foods or ofmaking false entries or reports.Conferences of packers, where priceshave been discussed, have been held atthe urgent request and in the presenceof representatives of either the FoodAdministration or the Council of National'Defense. And yet the packers have beepaccused of committing a felony by actingin collusion on Government bids!We have done our best, with otherpackers, large and small, to comply withthe directions of the United States FoodAdministration in all particulars, includingthe furnishing of food supplies for the U.S.Army and Navy and the Allies, now being handled through the Food Administration. We will continue to do our utmostun-der Government direction, to increase ourproduction and assist the Food Administration. We consider that the opportunityto co-operate whole-heartedly and to ourfullest powers with this branch of theGovernment is our plain and most pressing duty.The Trade Commission Attorney has,by false inference and misplaced emphasis, given to disconnected portions of thecorrespondence taken from our privatefiles and read into the Record, a false andsinister meaning with the plain purposeof creating antagonisticpubtic opinion.The services of the packers of theUnited States are most urgently needed,and I regret exceedingly that we should atthis, time have to spend our efforts indefending ourselves against unfounded,unproved, and unfair assertions such asare being daily made public.$.QfUKt7: PresidentSwift & Company, U.& A.FEDERALlitljtrflwfiL1 1 m Sir W IsV HidBIHE3"ITHE BA5K THAT 'DIDN'T FAIL.EOW TO PAY YOUR INCOME TAX.400 KENTUCKIANS TO BE CALLEDINTO SEA SERVICE.About four hundred Kentuckians-,vill be called into active service inthe various branches of the navy onApril 1. Orders to this effect havebeen received at the Lexington officedistrict.-All of these men will be notified byletter within the next few days andwill be sent from the Louisville officeto Newport, R. I., as soon as finalorders come.The Lexington office has at pres-J. Un.,4- ntrrllfv nf fV O A f ( TYI O.TI rTlTaxes paid to deputies wto we J ' Ft Lex.States to assist taxpayers m maKing surrounding towns and coun-at their returns are sent to the col- om s accepted byiJlSt!?"0' ITI the branch offices, as well as at Lou-AXi i a Z ! isville and have been sent home toed. Checks, money orders.or drafts, l,' ana ucan be handled withoutCash has to be serif by registeredsPay your income tax, if possible,by check, money order, or draft. Thisis 'the urgent request of the Bureauof- Internal Revenue."M6re than 6,000,000- persons thisyestr will pay an income tax." Thetotal to be . collected under, the warrevenue act of October 3, 19 17, in individual income taxes alone is $666,- 000,000. The vast majority of thesepayments will be small amounts. Ifpaid as requested it will avoid thenecessity for the issuance of a receipt,-and save much time and labor.j:flr:,,n-,T J WiliL until buiuc vjl tuv- , w jUllliViUiuj., A . ,, , . tros:n(r otaHrmcmail or by the insured express.In the conduct of the war UncleSam is beset with many difficulties.You can render one of his innumerable tasks less difficult by paying yourincome tax promptly, and by check,money order, or draft.ent in the naval trainmcan be otherwise disposed of. Thoseat present in the training station?will be sent to sea, while others willbe detailed for special land duty.There are a number of Lexington and Paris boys at the trainingstations.SH KEEP YOUR WOES iKOf 'H4H or ox-blood shoes. iHB mrnzmM PRESERVE THEThe Requirements Boiled Dcv;nfor Busy Folks.Returns must be filed on or beforeApril 1, 1918. 'Tax due maybe paid now or on orbefore June 15, 1918.If you are single and your net income for 1917 was .$1,000 or more youmust file a return.If you were married and living withwife (or husband) and had a net income of $2,000 or more for 1917 youmust file a return.Husband's and wife's income mustbe considered jointly, plus income oCminor children.Income of a minor or incompetent,'derived from a separate estate, mustbe reported by his legal representative. Severe penalties are provided forthose who neglect or evade the law.For false or fraudulent return thereis. a penalty not exceeding $2,000 fineor year's Imprisonment, or both, plus100 per cent, of tax.For failure to make return on orbefore April 1, 1918, fine is from 520to $1,000, plus 50 per cent, of tax due.Returns must be filed with the Collector of Internal Revenue of districtin which you live.An agent may file return for a person who Is 111, absent from the countryor otherwise incapacitated.Each return must be signed andsworn or affirmed by person executing It.Single persons are allowed $1,000exemption in computing normal tax.A married person living with wife(or husband) is allowed $2,000 exemption, plus $200 for 'each dependentchild under 18.v A head of family, though single, isallowed $2,000 exemption if actuallysupporting one or more relatives.Returns must show the entireamount of earnings, gains and profitsreceived during the vear.Officials and employees are not taxable on the salaries or wages receivedfrom a state, county, city or town inthe United States.Interest on state and municipalbonds Issued within the U. S. is exempt from federal Income tax andshould be omitted.Interest on United States government bonds is also exempt, except onindividual holdings of Liberty Fours inexcess of $5,000 par value.Dividends are not subject to normaltax, but must be reported and IncludedIn net income. 'Gifts and legacies are not Incomeand should not be Included on the return of the beneficiary.Life insurance received as a beneficiary or as premiums paid back atmaturity or surrender of policy is notincome.Payments received for real or personal property sold is not income, butthe profit realized thereon is incomefor the year of sale.Amounts received in payment ofnotes or mortgages Is not Income, butthe Interest on such notes or mortgages Is taxable Income.From the entire gross Income certain allowances are made In arrivingat the net income.Necessary expenses actually paid Inthe conduct of business, trade or profession may be claimed.A farmer can claim payments forlabor, seed, fertilizer, stock feed, repairs on buildings, except his dwelling ;repairs of fences and farm machinery,materials and small tools for Immediate use.The amount of rent paid for a farmmay also be claimed as a tenant farmers expense.Payments for live stock are allowable if bought for resale. But If boughtfor breeding purposes cattle are an Investment, not an expense, and cannotbe allowed.A" storekeeper can claim amountspaid for advertising, clerk hire, telephone, water, light and fuel, also drayage and freight bills and cost of operating and repairing wagons and.trucks.A physician can claim cost of hisprofessional supplies, rent, office help,telephone, expense of team or automobile used in making professional callsand expenses attending medical conventions. A dentist can claim similar items,except team or auto expense, whichare not necessary in his profession.Expenses that are personal or connected In any way with the support orwell being of a person or family arenot allowable.The costs of mnchines, instruments,vehicles or Implements that are moreor less permanent in character are notallowable as an expense. .They are Investments. Interest paid on a'mortgage or otherpersonal indebtedness is' allowable ona personal return. , v ,All taxes paid within the. year canbe taken out on a federal return, except federal income taxes; Inheritancetaxes and assessments for local improvements. 4Losses sustained in business orthrough fire, storm or shipwreck or bytheft, except when compensated' by insurance or otherwise.Wear and tear of rented buildings ormachinery used in business may beclaimed.You can also claim the amount; paidto the Red Cross-and together charitable, religious or educational organization to the extent of i5 per cwit. ofyour, ntt income.This is the siory of a bank. Notone of those banks that stand on ther?n, ;-,.-, -iV0 corners of Mainstreet, with a row of marble pillarain front, and portly depositors coming and going in their own automobiles. This hank is made of tin,shaped like a little child's toy.As a matter of fact itwas; intended for a child'b toy. But an oddincident cha,nged it into a NationalBank, and I defy anybody to showme a bank in the country that issafer, surer, sounder.It belongs to. Mary Brown's littlebrother. He had grown up and discarded it, and she found it one day."I've been meaning to save towarda new set of furs," Mary Brown observed. 'Believe I'll start to-day, anduse Jimmy's old bank." She poppedin a dollar.She works in an office downtown,and gets twenty a week. She hadnever put away a dollar of thismoney. She always found so manythongs to spend it on as she wentalong; and living at home makesone careless. People sometimes talked to her about savins for the rainyday, but she kept on putting it off.The next week when she drew hersalary she popped four more dollarsinto the slot. She liked the rattleof them; she decided she could sparetwo more. The next week she didthe same thing and added to the sumagain. By the sixth week she set tothinking."I -never knew how fast moneycould accumulate until I put it where1 can't get it out," she said. "Thofurs are nearly bought already."Suddenly it occurred to her: "DoI really need those furs, after all?My old ones aren't so bad. WhatI'm- really enjoying is not the prospect of the furs; it's the fact that I'mputting away some money at last.It gives me a substantial feeling, asif I were a real factor in life, amember of the society of this world,a person of a certain economic basis.And no matter how small that basis,3 can make it grow."Suddenly her eye happened on anannouncement:"Liberty Bonds, Four Per Cent."It was the psychological moment.Mary Brown opened the bank, insix weeks she had saved forty-twodollars, and she was able to add eightmore. Within twenty-four hours thelong brown bond rested in her safetybox.That was the beginning. She hasstuck to the little tin bank for luck,keeps it in a safe place, and she saysthat it will pay for at least twofifty-dollar bonds in the next issuemaybe more. And these bonds, inturn, will yield more dollars as nesteggs for new savings.Try a tin bank yourself! Startto-day!EsDOUBT DISAPPEARS..No One In Paris "Who Has Had a BadBack Should Ignore ThisDouhle Proof.-,-Does your back ever ache?Have you suspected your kidneys?Backache is sometimes kidney ache.With it may come dizzy spells;Sleepless nights, tired, dull days,Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested by time.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenth St.,Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at times very nervous.My kidneys were weak and inactive.I heard about Doan's Kidney Pillsand used them and they soon had mefeeling better in every way.""Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same-goodresults, although I do not have oomuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-Milbur-nCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ji rj tgTHE SURGEON-GENERAL CALLSP0R MORE NURSES.Surgeon General Goras, of theUnited States Army, has calleduponthe American Red Cross to supply tothe Army Nurse Corps 5,000 nursesbetween now and June 1.These nurses are -needed for serivce in military hospitals, both inthis country and abroad. Althoughthe Red Cross has already suppliednearly 7,000 -nurses as a reserve forthe army and navy nurse corps sincethe beginning of the war, the imperative need for a greater army ofnurses grows daily as the war progresses. According to a statement made byGeneral Goras, it is estimated thatthere are between 80,000 and 90,000 registered nurses in the UnitedStates, and that approximately 30,000 will be -needed for service inarmv hosmtals during the presentyear. The immediate need for 5,000of these is emphasized.PROPOSED ADDITION TO THEDIXIE HIGHWAY.A nronosed addition to the DixieHighway going south through Knoxville, Tenn., may bring an increasedamount of travel through this sectionwhich is already a junction point between the two branches of the Highway. The proposed addition will gothrough Newport, Hot Springs, Marshall, Asheville, Henderson, Greenville and Savannah and will shortenthe distance from Mackinaw, Mich.,to the seaboard at Savannah or Jacksonville by approximately 350 milesIt will go directly through the famous "Land of the Sky."Complete data as to distance, condition of road pledges of countiesthrough whch the road passes to improve the road now in constant use,including maps, etc., will be presented, to the directors of the Dixie Highway Association at their Chattanoogameeting in May. xBfllBfSasSfKeep WRIGLEV'S inmind as the longestlasting confection yo'ucan buy. Send it tothe boys at the frontsS33m QtttSVAttlHmisWZrfzamini War Time EconomywmfizZZZ In Ktuoofmoafc 'nila 5-cent package of WR(GLEYSwill give you several days enjoyment: it's an investment in benefitas well as Pleasure for it helpsteeth, breath, appetite, digestion.Chew It After Every MealThe Flavor Lasts!saM"Uv -sggft mi rah n in junlWft i f&&5& 1 IBit j gW m fJI?i'iSFrrr m& lBhllllllllmimiiriLIBERTY LOAN HONOR FLAGS ASSUNDAY SUPPLEMENTS.Nearly eyer,y Sunday newspaper inthe United 'States will carry a specialsupplement insert showing the honorflag of the third Liberty Loan oilApril 7, the day after the. opening ofthe campaign. These inserts, printedin colors, are to be supplied by theTreasury, and more than 4,000,000have been ordered.In response to the message of F.R. Wilson, publicity director for theloan, asking newspapers whetherthey would distribute the flag postersas supplements, practically everypaper has replied affirmatively. Somepapers which have had rules againstcarrying extraneous supplementsmade exceptions for the Liberty Loanadvertisements.Special Liberty Loan gold buttons have been, distributed to the,000 men and women who have devoted, their entire time to directingLiberty Loan. work. In addition,"Liberty Loan Volunteer" badgeshave been prepared for the severalthousand persons who devote part oftheir time to the campaigns.?B& i iBAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.When you have had a bad taste layour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of tie bowels. Touwill find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv. March)CREAM SHIPPERS!I Wish to State that. I am BuyingCream at the Same Old Place.As your past dealings with me havebeen very satisfactory, I solicityour Cream, ' as my motto is:TOPHONEST TESTFULL WEIGHTSHonest and Fair Dealing to AllFrankfort Butter Co.No. 5 Broadway , Paris, Ky.R. H..HARP, ManagerThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personlyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves la lot of time andbother to be sure of the number. .The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not .trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Go.J. J. TEA'Diitrict(Incorporated)w.H.CJuaroir,---1yI r,rMJllil 4ftl' v. '-III II IM WWW W0tHMjatMWinnnriira i nn i , i"" ji )' ' '.' 'a ' nrx -VTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.r PAGE EIGHTTftf" -FRIDAY, MARCH 22, lll.ELEVEN DAYS MORE-fitIK:lOF A. F.WHEELER $ FEBRUARYANDMARCH SALEIF'"rr v.-n- ,1i-E1MBr:fcEKtti i.i.iffWrf' t-?MILLERSBURG .4-. Cadet Rutherford remains very:bnucli the same.Mrs. Arnold Case is quite illVwitli stomach trouble.. Mesdames America Butler and!"iAda- McClintock are improvingcicely.Mrs. Willie McVey, of Ewing, arTived Sunday as the guest of Mrs. C.R. Jones.Tfisc: "Ruth McClintock visited-relatives in Lexington, Tuesday and1"Wednesday.Mr. E. M. Ingels, who had been j-fluite ill for several days, is able to !3)e out again.Mr. A. H. Smedley returned Sunday after a several weeks' sojourn.at Dawson Springs.Mrs. C. W. Mathews was taken'to St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,Monday, for treatment.Mrs. Martha Vimont returned"Monday after a visit to her daughter,Mrs. W. A. Munskig, at Maysville.Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owings--vilie, arrived Monday as the guest olier mother, Mrs. Adah McClintock.- Misses Elizabeth Allen and Joseph-ine Leer have returned from a visit:to Miss Martha Collier, on Mt. Airysavenue, in Paris. IMr. Sanford M. Allen, of thisplace, has been appointed administra-;tor of the estate of the late Mrs. M. !ft. Smith, of Nicholas county. jMr. Ollie Hurst and mother-in-jlaw, Mrs. Gum, returned to Lexing-ton, Monday, after a several days' ;visit to Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst, jMr. and Mrs. G. E. Reynolds.-3iave moved to the Christian parson-: age on Trigg avenue, recently va-cated by Elder C. 0. Cossaboom and' family. IMr. Best Mastin and family have' moved to the property of Mr. PhilipMaJiar, on Trigg avenue, vacated byfrl 4 14 IH4 4 "!4fiI TheJ. T.1 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis- Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with- Limousine Invalid Coach.1 Hearse used for funeral purposes only.-f If I II ff'U'M T'lltllT ITT HI TuyaaaaWmmmmmmmmJMJMMsMiMJMjfjJMiiJiBUY THRIFTdeedsStocks are short and prices high..6ome early, or you may be disap-pointed. .,.PoultryRemediesWe have everything to help you makethis a bumper poultry year. UncleSam is urging us to produce morepoultry and eggs.ARDEBY DRUG COMPANYill MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYMr. B. F. Fryman and family, fromthat of Mr. J. A. Miller, on Mainstreet. JThe North. Middletown Gospel! Team will be at the Christian!church in Millersburg, next Sundayafternoon, at three o clock, m a patriotic program.Mr. H. J. Faith and family havemoved to the property of Mr. Nicholas Rankin, on Trigg avenue, recently vacated by Mr. Joe Williamsand family, from that of the Griffith sisters, on Main street.Millersburg is at present without a Doliceman. It is said that Mr.Harry Linville, of Nicholas county,is an applicant for the position, butup to the present his services hadnot been procured. A prominentcitizen stated that the order was sogood in Millersburg now that hehardly thought it would be -necessary,to have a policeman. He said,however, that one -would be engagedsoon to look after street repairingand the fire department.Miss Mary Sweeney, of Lexington, will give a "war bread" demonstration in the Domestic Science roomof the Millersburg College, Saturday'afternoon at two o'clock. The ladiesare cordially invited to' be presentand hear Miss Sweeney and witnessthe demonstration. This meetingwas advertised for Thursday after-noon, but Miss Sweeney was nua-voidably prevented from coming atthat time. She will be with us Sat-urday. Let all who are interested inher work attend. Do -not forget thetime and placem MBIRTHS.At Clinto-nville, to the wife ofMr. G. D. Beasley, a son christenedRobert Dewey Beasley. The motherwas formerly Miss Virginia Dotson.- H - H4 4 -l-l-t-H 4Hinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36Nisht t . . 56or Home 286our- TTT - IT T T 'TIT T 1 T I I"!"I"H"I"I"1"1"H"STAMPS HERE!ardenU'Vc?f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, March 22ndLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.'Jesse L. Lasky PresentsWALLACE REID andKATHLYN WILLIAMSIN"The Thing We Love"Founded on the story by H. B. and M. G.Daniel. Directed by Lou Tellegan.King Baggott and Marguerite Snow in"The Naval Ball Conspiracy ' 2nd episodeof "THE EAGLE'S EYE."PricesDEATHS.SALINGER.The Shelbyville papers tell ofthe death in a Louisville hospital ofMrs. Jake Salinger, aged fifty-eight,after a short illness. Mrs. Salingerwas for a long time a resident ofParis. Her husband, Mr. Jake Salinger, conducted the New York Store,in the store room now occupied byTHE NEWS and the A. J. WintersCo., jewelry establishment, whichwas then one room. They moved toGeorgetown, and from there to Shelbyville. HARRIS.Mrs. Charlton Alexander, ofParis, received a message from Versailles yesterday afternoon telling ufthe death there of her oldest sister,Mrs. Josie Ball Harris. The messagegave no particulars other than theannouncement of her death. Mrs.iHarris resided at "Maple Hill' afine country estate near Versaillesand was a. frequent visitor to her sister here. Mrs. Alexander left for1 Versailles immediately upon receiptof the message. The funeral arrangements had not been completed lastnight.MORELAND.Mrs. Martha Moreland, aged seventy-six,widow of Mr. J. J. Moreland, died at her home on the Cincinnati pike, near Georgetown, Wednesday morning, after a long illness.She is survived by seven children.' one of whom, Mrs. T. B. Brannock,resides in this county.Funeral services were held at the ,family residence yesterday morning jat eleven o'clock, conducted by the-Rev. Albert Stuick. The intermentfollowed in the Georgetown Cemetery. The pall-bearers were FrankBridges, W. H. Thomas, S. M. Turner,S. B. White, T. B. Brannock and Dr.A. B. Coons.SKILLMAN.The funeral of Mrs. Harriet B.Skillman, aged eighty-five, who diedat her home on Cypress street, inthis city, Wednesday, of the infirmities of age, was held at the familyresidnce, at ten o'clock, yesterdaymorning, with services conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The intermenttook place in the old Horton buryingground, near North Middletown.Mrs. Skillman was the widow ofj John W. Skillman, Sr., who at thei time of his death was one of the old' est citizens of the county, having atI tained the ripe old age of ninety-eight. She is survived by her daughter, Miss Susan Horton, and twograndnieces, Mrs. Margaret Banta, ofLittle Rock, and Mrs. Mayme Samson, of California.SHARON.Mrs. John L. Day, of near Paris,received a long distance telephone! message from Falmouth yesterdayannouncing the death near there ofher sister, Mrs. James Sharon, agedabout seventy-eight. Some time agoMrs. Sharon suffered a paralyticstroke, from the effects of which shenever entirely recoveied.Mrs. Sharon was the mother ofProf. J. A. Sharon, who for severalterms was' Superintendent of the'Paris Public Schools, now a resident!of Cleveland, Ohio. She had lived inearly all her life in the old 'Sharonhome at Mt. Auburn, nine miles fromFalmouth, where she died.The funeral will be held at thefamily home at Mt. Auburn to-mor-jrow (Saturday) afternoon at threeo'clock. The interment will takeplace in the Mt. Auburn Cemetery,close to the old home.WILLIS.Miss Mary Woodford Willis, ag-jed twelve, -daughter of Mr. and Mrs.J. M. Willis, of near Spears Mill.j died at the family home Monday1 night at nine o'clock of typhoid j. fever.Her father had just left on Friday,'for Saskatchewan, Canada, to ' taSe5Saturday,GladysA Crooked RomanceA Pathe five-reel feature.Hearst; PatheNo.At the Alamo Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Lolored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.charge of the big wheat and flaxra(nche of E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis. His daughter was very ill atthe time but was thought to havepassed the crisis. He was intercepted at the Canadian-American borderby a. telgram telling of his daughter'sdeath, and left immediately for Paris,arriving last night.Besides her parents, Miss Willis issurvived by one brother, Mr. WilliamBuckner Willis.The funeral will be held at thefamily home near Spears Mill at twoo'clock this (Friday) afternoon, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The interment will followin the North Middletown Cemetery.m m mMEATLESS DAYS MAY BE"AB0LISHED SOON.Meatless days will be abolished ifthe recommendations of the SenateAgricultural Committee has anyweight, according to announcementsjnade public at Washington.At close of food investigation expected soon, recomniendations will bemade to the Senate and it is anticipated these will include wide rangesin methods of food administration.IRARIURKRGU3.WT0fUf .! '' r. :Paris'March 23rdHuletteINNews Feature1 8.STOCK, CROP, ETC.George Current sold to HarrySpeakes, of Paris, a pair of five-year-olddraft mares for $630.E. D. Rose, of the Stony Pointvicinity, sold to J. Frank Clay, ofParis, fifty barrels of corn at $8.50per barrel.E. B. Myers, of Paris, sold a pairof five-year-old mare mules weighing2,400 pounds to Walter Kenney, ofnear Paris, for $575.In Danville, Wednesday, Auctioneer George D. Speakes, of Paris,conducted a public auction of fiftyhead of draft mares, which broughtan average of ?221.50 per head.Mr. Terry Gannon, of near Paris,purchased of Caywood, Smith & McClintock, of Paris, forty-five headof 200-pound hogs at $17 per hundred pounds, and nine head of 1,-400-poundcattle for $11.75 per hundred pounds. The same firm sold toa Southern buyer fifteen head of cotton mules for an average of $245 perhead.i&-i:vFORMEN, WOMENand CHILDRENAll the Latest in Ladies' BeautifulSpring Boots and Oxfords, in pearland Easter grey, black, tan, rich brownand other leading shades.STYLE,QUALITYComfort andGuarantee with each pair at pricesyou can't possibly duplicat elsewhereDan CohenGreatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Econtmy Reign."Monday, March 25thThps, H. I rice PresentsWM. S. HARTIN"THE SILENT MAN"and Artcraf t Picture.Wm. Pox Presents"ROARING LIONS ANDWEDDING BELLS"Two-part Farce Comedy.MATRIMONIAL."HARTING CREIGHMr. Edgar B. Creigh, of Lexington, and Miss Elise M. Harting, ofNew York, secured jnarriage licensehere Wednesday, and were marriedat the Presbterian parsonage by Rev.J. J. Rice, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch. They returned to Lexingtonafter the ceremony.TJIfCLE SAM EAISES PPJCE T0KKENTUCKY GROWN TOMATOESUncle Sam will pay more for Kentucky ' tomatoes this year as shownby the following announcement'through the local food administration:"The army and navy authoritieshave just advised that they are ableto raise the price that will be paidfor raw tomatoes from $15 to $18per ton in the State of Kentucky;these tomatoes to be used in .the 1913pack of canned tomatoes, tomatosoups and other tomato products, forthe consumption of the army andnavy."-MWear!iiilnm.Ki.viMetrA