lJ.i ., !V't.,lA--yJ&V&" 1 JW-THENEWS- 3. - ,,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.Erf-"VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1918BOURBONTHE LIBERTY CHORUSThe Liberty Chrous, under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, gavea series of open-air "sings" in Paris,Saturday night. The members of theChorus, supplemented by a numberof other vocalists, were taken in bigfurniture motor trucks from oneplace to another. The first of theconcerts took place in front of thecourt house, where a program of patriotic songs was M rendered by theChorus in the presence of a largecrowd. Mrs. Wade Whitley presidedat the piano.Stops were made at the corner ofMain and Sixth, near the Kress Co.'sstore, where the program was repeated, and the cheers and plauditsof the crowd that almost equaled theother. From there the singers proceeded to the corner of Main andEighth, where a big crowd awaitedthem. The program was repeatedthere and drew forth loud applausefrom the assembled crowd. Thesingers then proceeded to the residence of Mrs. Hattie Hill, where theprogram was rendered, and the vocalists returned to their homes. Altogether it was a "large night."The program, which was made upfor the most part of patriotic airs,interspersed with other songs of anequally pleasing character, was rendered by the full strength of themembership, in an excellent manner,fully attesting the faithful drilling 4and instruction they had received.The new piano was put into commission on this occasion for the firsttijme, and added much to the enjoyment of the evening.The Government has made a specialrequest for entertainments of thischaracter, and urges that everyonewho can sing should take part in thesinging. The appearance of theChorus in this city is always an assurance of a pleasant two or threehours' concert, and they shquld beencouraged in every way to continuethe good work, which is as patrioticas any.The crowd followed the singersfrom one place to another and itseemed as if they could not getenough of the melodies which theChorus rendered. Considering thecounter-attractions on the samenight, the singing attracted its shareof attention and attendance.NEW AUTOS.The Lexington Cadillac Companyretports the sale of a Cadillac eight1919 roadster to Mr. J. Har Woodford, of this city."GASOUNELESS SUNDAY" ORDERDOESN'T APPLY TOCHURCHGOERSA wrong impression has been created in the minds of many people inthe county by publication of theUnited States' Fuel Administration'scall to the people to cease the use ofautomobile driving for pleasure onSundays. Some thought it prohibiteduse of the machines for church going,but such is not the case.According to County Fuel Administrator James H. Thompson, personshaving no other way to attend churchmay use automobiles in coming toand returning from church services.In fact, church-going in America isconsidered a necessity, as this is aChristian nation, and our success inthe world-war, which is now inprogress depends upon the loyalty ofthe people to their churches as (muchas to the forceof arms.The past two Sundays very littleautomobile driving for pleasure hastaken place in Bourbon county, butthe people have driven to and fromchurch in their automobiles, andthey may continue to do so. The person, however, who runs his or herautomobile on Sunday for pleasure,while they may not be arrested, willbe considered slackers. The call ofthe Government is being compliedwith almost to the letter all over thecountry east of the Mississippi river.The ruling of the Fuel Administration that applies to church-going isas follows: Restrctions do not applyto jmotor vehicles on errands of necessity in rural communities, wheretransportation by steam or electricityis not available."IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRt COUNTRY.DItqi??t??S?R M0RE " ttWTA IN THE 18-45 Board showed the followingHXES CORN-SHUCKING PRICETo the Public:REGISTRATION.axes ofthe registrants:Eighteen years old, 183; ninetee"Pa Pa ?siAPPROVE! OUR CHORUS.The Winchester Daily Democratsays: "The Liberty Chorus at Parisis" doing much to encourage patriotism and to develop the musical talent of the citizens of that place."The Chorus sing the favoritefcamp songs of the soldiers. Winchester would do well to start communitysinging, featuring for the present patriotic songs."PLACE YOUR ORDER NOWRED ASH COAL.PORHaving connected myself with theRaymond Coal Company, will have ina few days "plenty ,of best of "RedAsh Coal." Due announcement willbe made of its arrival.. Place -your orderith .W. C. DODSON, Manager.(17-tf)SVFRANK & CO.. LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESmMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies' 'SUITSVChildren's, Hisses'- and Ladies'COATSJK4, rvU3tLfe.vF R A N K & CO.VA v '-?e ! 'Albert Wachs and Harry Barlow,Paris boys in the service, have beentransferred from the 326th Field Artillery at West Point, Ky., to the biganmy camp at Camp Mills, near LongIsland, New York.Lieut. John Harris Clay, who hasbeen a' guest of his mother, Mrs. C.M. Clay, at "Auvergne," near Paris,returned Sunday to the army post inCanada, where he is stationed.Lieut. Clay was recently commissioned a Lieutenant in the British RoyalAir Forces. He' is a member of theCanadian Royal Flying Corps at theaviation camp near Toronto, Canada.Sergt. Allie Clay Detwiller, ofNorth Middletown, who has been, amember of the Artillery Corps atWest Point, Ky., in the. 326th FieldArtillery 84th Division, has beentransferred to Camp Mills, near LongIsland, New York. In a letter torelatives Sergt. Detwiller intimatedthat the transfer meant a journey"overseas" in Uncle Sam's service.First Lieut. Chester E. Wood, whohas been a guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Wood, near Hutchison,has returned to New York City, inresponse toorders received from thearmy authorities. Lieut! Wood sailedfor the Canal Zone, where he will report for duty at an army post in "Panama. Ineut. Wood recently completed a course of training in the Veterinary Corps rat Ft. Qglethorpe, Ga.Private Charles Hall, of Paris whoenlisted in the service in May,, 1917,and has been since stationed at 4CampShelby, near Hattiesburg, Miss., wasmarried there on Sept. 7, to Miss AdaRankin, daughter of M. G. Rankin,of Georgetown. Mrs. Hall has returned to the home of her father to re.main during her husband's absence.f 'Calls were issued yesterday for 1,-000 negro registrants under the previous registration to report to CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville, between September 25 and 27, and 500negroes to report to Camp Greene,near Charlotte, North Carolina, onthe same dates. The official quotafor this county had- not .been decided,on yesterday. """' ,'Mr. Vance Huffman, who was injured about five (months ago by being kicked in the stomach by a muleat Camp Sheridan, Ala., is now studying stenography and typewriting inthe office of the Base Hospital at thecamp. He was recently examinedfor overseas service, but was informed that he would be retained in thedomestic service. Mr. Huffman is almost entirely recovered.Mr. Fred G. Erd, formerly managerof the Paris Grand Opera House andthe Alamo, writes from Camp Bowie,near Ft. Worth, Texas, to thank THENEWS for favors shown. He statesthat he has been promoted to therank of Corporal in Battery A., ofthe 51st Field Artillery, at CampBowie. Corporal Erd inquired ofParis friends, and expressed a wishto be remembered to all of thepi.Sergeant R. O. Moore, head of theLexington recruiting station, has received orders from Col. A. S. McElpiore, in charge of the Marine recruiting service in the United States,saying that enlistments in thisbranch of the service will be resumedwithin the next few days. SergeantMoore said that he expected his station would be open to volunteers byto-day, and that all branches, excepting the aviation section, wouldbe open for enlistment.Mrs. Jesse Turney received a cardyesterday from, her son, Mr. AndrewJackson Turney, stating that he hadlanded safely in France. Mr. Turneyafter leaving Camp Zachary Taylorfor Ft. Benj. Harrison, was transferred to an Eastern camp, from wherehe went overseas. The hundreds offriends of this genial Parisian willbe glad to hear of his safe arrivaland will be equally glad, those whowill be here, to welcome him backto "Old Kentucky and the good oldU. S. A."W,. O. Pennington, formerly ofParis, writes THE NEWS that heand Edward C. Doty, also a Parishoy, have gone overseas, and areboth well and satisfied. They liketheir new stations immensely. Pennington said he had lost" track of theother Paris boys, and did not knowwhere they were. In his letter wasenclosed a French t;artoon showingthe Kaiser perplexed, surveying ahuge globe, and exclaiming, "Now,I vunder how dose Americans gotacross?" In the background UncleSam, British, American, French andItalian officers are -grinning and exclaiming, "Poor Bill, don't he know!"From Mukileto, Washington, inthe' heart of the big timber country,Jakife Saloshin, formerly off Paris,writes THE NEWS as follows, underdate of September 9:"Just finished 'reading THE NEWS,and 1 will say I'have read every wordof it. Saw Mitchell's address andI wanjt, to thank-THE NEWS .for it, asj I have been trying to locate him. Heis only a!1 few miles from herg. I pureI am talking : up "Kentucky to thesej Western" peopleV I 'am putting " oitI ae ropla'me'" stock ;riff "like .. the ,wr)tI very,mucliVJTktyTca,us JVnuafitif,"'T7I i.1.. .a . i. . VOare 1 91 tnrnnttr t 1 1 . X.Notice is hfirohv mvPn f fT,o mh f U1 ,LU nrsi tune S11ce America ir"' -.1 L' J"' c"' "' twOQ-no i.I 7Ylr r Z7 "" entered tneon, S;er, Harrrtr, ?' the roster of Freedom, with the iomrt 7 12' thirty-six years, lit;i, . . . J. i"'i'"y" -uu- uiauisuu, nnvftt at? onnnrtiiTiitv .rn: -u.. A tnirtv-seven vears. IhXr thinFt&!S?S!: SSS! twenty years,!;' flEKette, Mercer,' Harrison, Franklin, Jes- "edtoii -frnt WGresamine. Bovl Clarir AaV Privileged to enroll their names onyears, ou; uiirtjr-tnree ythirty-four years, 167: tklil;j'M.YWa-na luaaisrm. . x.j .. li - "&. 1, ;,.,, ,,,. ipo. iLi.u.ivkthat a joint meeting of the cnnjr opportunity ot lighting by the ''T,. i?' i"V ""yTfohnirmon f , rv.r,?i r -nt- i me siae or tneir Doys. For the flr?t ,ctUB' J- mmy-miie yews, j.mS J 'SSI 5f atl.on.al 1 time lads of eighteen! aflame with "a ' fortr years- 1ZQ" fortyine 7ererSltora ofniiS JSiPnSrp t??T8' desire to enter the SCTvicrof their'104' forty-two years, 98; forty-threethetolr Sd f proper price Sr the fut- Crded Uieir heart's desir IT?. M7' ' -ting of corn is twenty-five cents a The registration booth in every 'Reg,,tratlon In Boarbon Ceuaty,shock for a shock of sixteen hills Precinct m the city and county were .Precinct WkiU CW4square and thirty cents a shock for ashock of eighteen hills square and theproper price for the shucking of cornsixteen hills square is thirty cents a&hock and for shucking of corn eighteen hills square is thirty-five centsa shock.All citizens must pay and ask theseprices and it shall be the duty of thevarious Food Administrators and theCouncils of National Defense of thesecounties to see that these prices areconscientiously observed in every respect.Those who pay more and those whoask more should be immediately reported. W. E. SIMMS,Federal Food Administrator CentralKentucky.Attest:Lawrence D. Mitchell, BourbonCounty Food Administrator; A. B.Hancock, Chairman Bourbon Countyuouncu ot Defense.isi fei teLIGHTopen from seven o'clock in the mom- Paris No. 1. 83ing until nine o'clock that night, and Paris No. 2 115it was with perfect unanimity that Paris No. 3 66every man between the ages of eigh- Paris No. 4 78ieen ana iorty-nve registered. Theresult was that a total of 2,240 nameswere recorded, being 180 more thanthe required quota, 2,060 being called for by the GovernmentsBourbon county may iustlv feellPJTlNorth Middletown No! 2mu.u cutuuoi maunesiea, ana ao- ciintonville No. 1Pans No. 5 52Paris No. 6 57Millersburg No. 1 89Miliersburg No. 2 83Little Rock No. 1 97Little Rock No. 2 66North Middletown No. 1 943579rS!J. .r JroUDle of , Ciintonville No. 2 15any kind. Withm a .few hours after 7Tnf.M.ATi j 1 ckthe registration began it 'was very Hutchison No! 2""Sl 45evident that it would be heavy, Centerville No. 1 97reaching the tentative figures set hv ,C!pnf.prvillo ?tfn 9 arI the Government or overreaching: 'Ruddtes Mills N"nT 114COMPANY'S 0EFERCOMPROMISE REJECTEDTOThe proposition, to the city madesome time ago by the Paris Gas &Electric Co., to give the city and private consumers a lower rate for lighting and heating was rejected Friday.A conference on the subject was heldat the office of Mayor E. B. January,by the Mayor, the Light Committeeof the City Council, composed ofCouncilmen Kiser, Merringer andVeatch, and Consulting EngineerWeiss.Under the offer made by the ParisGas. & Electric Company to lower itsrates,, it was said that the city wouldsave an- annual expense of approximately $lt800, and, consumers aboutten 'per cent, amblith-on their lightand heat bills. The city-will insiston the acceptance of the s rates recently proposed and adopted in an'.ordinageer passed by-the-City Council.bb Tta iftTHANKS TO THE J. T. HENTONCOMPANY FOR SPACE.Owing to the crowded condition ofthe advertising columns of to-day'sissue of THE BOURBON NEWS, TheJ. T. Hinton Co., has generously donated their, regular advertising spaceto the use of patriotic readers for theRed Cross Tea Rooms and the notices of the Community Choir.i pm (55 p3SURGICAL DRESSING WORK NOWPUT ON dUOTA BASIS.All work in the 'surgical dressings.department of the Red Cross in theLake Division is being put on a quotabasis.This means that allotments in thefuture must be a bit smaller thanformerly, owing to" the fact that therehas been an unbalanced production inthe past.Until things even ui until certainarticles are provided of which atpresent' there is a slight shortage, thesurgical dressings production mustnecessarily be curtailed and the energy diverted to making the otherneeded articles assigned in thequotas.It is hoped that all surgical dressing rooms will soon be asked to resume work at top speed.At present there are enough finished dressings being shipped tomeet the need abroad until other important articles can be gotten out.Meanwhile a hew course of study,of interest to surgical dressing workers, is being planned and will be announced more fully, hk &6bn as detailsare completely arranged.COST YOU $3 NOW TO MOVEPHONE.Managers Floyd, of the Cumberland Telephone Co., and J. J. Veatch,of the Home Telephone Co., have received copies of a new order justissued by the Postoffice DepartmentUnder the provisions of this order alltelephone companies were directed byPostmaster General Burleson to snake2. flat charge of $3 for moving a subscriber's phone from one location toanother within the same premises.The order amends -regulations madeAugust 28 under which the chargewas to be based on the actual costof making the installation or changeof location.NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is trowing veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty. -JNO.J. REDMON, Deputy.them. Some precincts called for an iadditional supply of cards, but withthe exception of being called uponfor the material and so solve a fewinconsequential problems the entireregistration went off like clock work.There was but o-ne trouble experienced, that of persuading somewould-be resigtrants that they wereeither too young or too old.With the work of the registrationout of the way the Bourbon CountyDraft Board will soon begin the workof distributing the questionnaires tothe new draftees, and when theseare filled out and returned to theBoard, the work of classification willbegin. It is expected that many ofthe new draftees will be leaving fortraining camps sometime next month.The following are the figures inthe registration, as reported by eachprecinct:All of the Bluegrass counties withthree exceptions, reported more registrants than the Draft Boards hadestimated they would report. Following is a sumjmary of the estimatedregistration and actual number ofregistrants:Estimated Registered-Saik-.. ..1,397 . 1,356, tBourbon,.. ..2,060 2,240Boyle 1,591 1,679Clark 1.851 2.154Fayette .. ..1,459 1,578Franklin... ..1,880 2,050Harrison.. ..1,531 1,861Henry 1,461 1,577Montgomery .1,235 1,302Nicholas.. ..1.041 1.018Scott 1,781 1,756Among those who registered Thursday were one Englishman, two Italians, one Serbian and one Turk. Thecompilation of statistics by the DraftRuddles Mills No. 2 56Court House Specials 200?SIX1020108. 493038502248-26'303421- 532.21-96226659Totals 1,581Grand Total 2,240Aliens Registered.Among those who register were thefollowing alien born:English rJ 1Italians : j-2Servian .TliLlTurk 1Ages Of Those Registering.'The registration by ages was asfollows :18 years of age 18319 years of age 1-112120 years of age 14421 years of age 1322 years of age 125 years of age 127 years of age .t 132 years of age -iU3slt3? years of age .-illl '34 years of age 1-1:1G735 years of age 1.112436 years of age 11837 years ofage 15838 years of age , 14639 years of age 1-12740 years of age 130Jlyears- of-age ltCiJ-10442 years ofage-jnr;.?r 9843 years of age zS&L 11344 years of age 12Clml3345 years of age ?L2?111.7Failed to register at prevfouafregistration. m 1 mFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed What, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)1IIIWE KNOW HOWTNHEEw FALL HATSAre Now ReadyExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSIMIIIT11lIII1iAll the new shades seal brown, snuff, applegreen, bottle green, pearl, Oxford greys and blacks.Scratch Finish Hats and Velours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock.PRICES$5 to $10ii::IIThe Stetson Feature Hat at $6.00, a very stylishhat that you will find very becoming to the average ::man. m.i 4 J " ' iff' ;MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREITiut I ,waiit to . say ii tijtis- strong"back and.a'weak,$miridfor this -workoutvjierr .Space is JirniUd, so- .will, 'close, ;npping to get nlier NEWS,. Ishortly. --Regards to tW 3"J' Sole Agents ForNettleton and Dr. Ree&s Cushion Sole ShotIItJfl11TIt.iJViti -XSKxaaxjTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 118AG1 TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.HI BOURBON NEWSTSstablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayJBer Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.1WIFT CHAMP, EdiUr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the-tfctracter, standing or reputation ofir-ajiverion, firm or corporation whichmiy. iappear In the coliunns of THE"SQIHRBON NEWS will be gladly corstdfi$l? if brought to attention of the-altar;ADVERTISING RATES"$3fcspay Advertisements, $1.00 perSacfctfot first time; 50 cents per inch.mc79nbseauent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineAack issue; reading notices in black"Sjrpft 20;cents per line, each issue.Carjl'of thanks, calls on candi'jtetes,Hbituariesand resolutions, andaiKilarr:matter, 10 'cents per line.Special rates for- large advertlse-tswtitsj-andyearly contracts,TheSftght of publisher's reservedi- $q 4eolfne any advertisement or otheraatter:or -publication.' vAnnouncements for' political, officesauigt Invariably be accompanied 'byCfee casb.l A J?- This piper has enlistednui tne government m tneause of America for thevjeriod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.-..i 'IAs. To Gasoline Slackers.We., are proud of the hundreds ofautomobile. owners here, who refusedto ta&e- their cars out Sunday, ex-ceptr for necessary purposes, andthereby observed the Government'sorderlbsave gasoline in that way.TV-e.aw a few, however, whom we"helieve- either thoughtlessly or purposely showed a contemptuous disregard of the Fuel Administrator's request. These should be held up topublic scorn.iWe heard of one particular farmer"ion the North Middletown vicinity-who 'having to make a trip with hisifamily, hitched up a farm wagon andtwo jmules, and loaded the family inIt, making kthe trip in safety andcomparative comfort. The family and-the "old man" really enjoyed the novelty .tf?f the trip,and the automobileenjoyjai a day's rest.We.swlio are at home are called-uponrtOTnake very few sacrifices, andto be? one Jiundred per cent. American it ought not be necessary to attach a heavy penalty to every request" the' Government makes, in or"aer a1 secure its observance. Weshouldvquickly, -willingly and goodnaturedly copiply with every suggestion made by those in control, andnot argue why this and that shouldbe done. The Government has asked" .-it, and that ought to be enough for-anyaj-riotic citizen. The way to" haste, victorious peace is by perfectteam work both in and out of the'.army. Saving gasoline will be onegoodvway to do it.The effort . to separate LibertyBond holders not4f amiliafwitVstockand bond values from, the LibertyBonds has taken a new turn. Themanipulators instead of offering tobuy the bonds at inadequate pricesoffer in exchange for hem the stocksand bonds of various wildcat corporations, whose face value is large butwhose actual value is little or nothing. The safest investment in the worldis a Liberty Bond. For a patrioticAmerican, Liberty Bonds are the bestinvestment in the world. It is notonly a wise thing to hold them, butit is a patriotic thing to do. Thesoldier that takes a trench and thenvoluntarily gives it up it not to becompared with one who takes atrench andt holds it against the enemy. An American who buys a Liberty Bond and then sells it is not sogood an American as one who buys abond and holds it. This does not ap-ply, however, to one who sells hisbond because of real necessity; thisis legitimate trading in Liberty Bondswhich the Treasury recognizes.It was a wise and patriotic old colored Ajmerican who refused to sellhis ?100 Liberty Bond for $96, because he would not give up the United States' promise (his bond) to payhim $100 with interest for the United States' promise (currency) to payhim $96, anfl who refused to sell thesame bond for $jL02, because, he said,tha the $1Q2 must be counterfeit orelse the wo,uld-be purchaser wouldnot be willing -to give it for only$100. It is safe to say that thereare no gold bricks or wildcat securities among that American's assets.EROM COAST TO COASTA Remarkable Chain of Home Testimony And Paris Adds . ItsVoice to the Grand .Chorusof Local PraiseFrom north to south, from east towest;In every city, every community;In every State in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick' reliefand lasting results.And it's all for the benefit of fellow sufferers.In this grand, chorus of localpraise Paris is well represented.Well-known. Paris -.peopleTell of personal experiences.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago, I foundit necessary to use a kidney remedyand as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. They provedto be satisfactory and permanentlyrid me of the complaint. I have goodreason to recommend Doan's KidneyPills and advise their use to anyonetroubled with a weak or lame backor irregular passages of the kidneysecretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)i ' "1" ' g. jsatl -j' &z,mmMineralsfj COMPOUND jjpJ Daucnoni ISi IH1JtBBLTI Cmtm mXM 2HI1 f,mSn, lib 9MmjMaiaaid iHcs-it3xSfBHlmmkn;wsiw9&szizmg tEHgggssss' - "TzWMMMEBTHe OverworkedExecutiveneeds an iron tonic torebuild tissue quicklyAcid Iron MineraL is a highlyconcentrated natural mineral product powerful in iron the greatest blood purifier and strengthenerknown., Unlike many iron prepTarations, it does not injure theteeth.Especially . recommended forcomplaints arising from kidneydisorders, uric acid, rheumatismand all blood diseases.Full directions accompany each bottle. i50c and $li00 at Brooks &Snapp's and alldruggists in the United States, Canada and Great Britain,or send toFerrodine Chemical Corp.,ROANOKE, , VIRGINIAiS-tC-'Si."Was ProvenTheir Systemthe Most Satis-yyfactoryOnesgjg?gggesaiSBsg3?agjHSgjfiirfigigiaiijSfos5 -UStitlf"aagj"ggi:BBgLiggg;uligiigigyjfe4-5s"-ggg-5's5!sgg3ggggsggg"5g5i3ii-':MTHE HOME SLACKER.JV. The. victory wheat crop of thetfUnited States, - -conservatively esti-r.ma.te-,at 87,"DX1Q.0T)0 .bushels, -has,' iieetf. tfoarvestfed without importing-helpfrom' "the - non-wheat growing2 States.""This Is -the" first time in wheat his-ttorythat this has been done. Thous-?-awiJdaundthousands of well-postedmien said that it could not be done.' 'JBut'it stands, an accomplished fact.Thfr United States employment ser- vica managed to find emergency help-ers without shipping them long dis" lances.' It supplied more than half"the extra "hands" needed to gather" 'the 'great harvest, and it found them-within easy reach of the wheat fields.That is a fact which will repay a-Jittle tudy especially if the studyTeveals a way to make it a perma-ment fact. The heroic toil of theAmerican farmer in this crisis is- something that should not be requir-od of hijm after the crisis is past. But" t a way can be found to get help in-the fields without bringing transient" "labor long distances and then leavingit out of -employment when, the seaon of stress is over it will be a per--TSjanent addition to the sum of socialijetterments.Cashing in of War Savings Certificates becomes a public record towhich every county chairpnan andother persons may have access. Unexpected and unavoidable financialreverses and requirements are theonly causes justifying cashing of WarSavings Stamps before maturity.The worst of all slackers is the person who buys War Savings Stampsmemerly to make a showing of hispatriotism and then quickly cashesthem in to the postoffice. It is apleasing thing to say that not manysuch have yet copne to light in Kentucky, and there will be fewer whenit is generally known that the history of their transactions in this respect are available to the public.Keep your pledge. Buy the stampsyou promised and keep them untilmaturity if you can.ages of 21 and 31 to present themselves to the nearest army medicalofficer for physical examination.Such Secretaries as are unwilling todo so will be returned immediatelyto the United States. Those passingthe examination satisfactorily will begiven 30 days in which to enlist. After the .30 days they will be returnedto t;he United States if they have notenlisted.The order applies to clergymen aswelL, as. laymen. Clergymen will beassisted in obtaining the rank ofChaplain if they desire It.special , measures are oeing laKenwith regard, ,to Secretaries betweenthe ages of 31 and45, and such menwill be notified of the desire of theY. M. C. A. at a later date.IRONfor ironWe pay highest pricesjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WEDBS & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, KyCumb. Phone '374.(23-tf)For RentTwo nice flats, at Bourbon College.One has bath connected. Both modern in every respect.PARIS REALTY CO.,(13-3t) C. P. Mann.WANTEDThft immediate use of an index !card-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense, Please notifythis office.FOR SALEOne new model Oliver Typewriter.Apply to .MISS EDNA KELLER, .Eleventh jand .Main Sts., Paris, Ky.(13-3t)For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.WANTED.Second-hand furniture, carpets,rugs and stoves. Call any place inthe county for them.F. B. THOMAS,Opposite Court House.(13-3t-pd) Cumb. Phone 780.So says Mrs. Clarence-LeBus, State Chairmanof the National War Sayings Committee, in writof the training given her secretary, Miss ParleeWhite, who is one of our graduates. Mrs. LeBusalso says in speaking of the school:1 "For one who desires a schoolwhere thev receive personal attention, systematic study, and expect tofinish an efficient worker, I heartilyrecommend the FugazzK.School."For further information? and- details write,phone or call at the school. Special Summerrates on the Complete Business.- Course now ineffect. Write or call for New Catalogue just out.Fiigazzi School of BusinessMist Irene Fugazzi, PrincipalEffiiciency is Our Watchword,117 N. Upper St Opp. Court House - Lexington, Ky.y.y.IV:, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KY.M. C. A. SECRETARIESPRAHCE MUST ENIISTDTThe Young Men's Christian Association in Prance has issed an orderto all its Secretaries between theWanted Junk.Men. inexperienced in xoad work--rill most likely lose money taking-"road contracts, besides making itdoubly hard on -engineers to get aSOgood 'job.-The-war must eild soon. There isbM"ilya square inch left on the.CrowX'Prince Vhere new medals pnaybe hung.- Thq man who jumps at conclusionsitejt to meet with & surprise when"helaads.How many miles of road will the:xo&d fund cf your county vamprore?We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound..Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per poundTrimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.. .Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound..Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c -per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. 1's.Lambskins, $2.00.Pull Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All P. O. B. Lexington.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the high;est 'price. Send, us samples.SPEYJER & SON,Lexington, Ky.Public RentingFine Bluegrass Farm onCourt DayThe undersigned will rent at public outcry on Court DayMonday, Pet. 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Ky., the fine Bluegrassfarm known, as the Sue K. Moranplace, which is located on the Peacock Pike, about 3 miles fromParis.This is one of the best, farms inBourbon county, and contains 300acres. On the place is a substantialhouse containing 6 rooms, a goodtobacco barn, that will house 15 acresof tobacco, plenty of tobacco sticks,all necessary outbuildings, never failing water.Porty-flve acres now in corn, 30acres in wheat stubble and 15 acresin meadow, may all-be .used for- cornmaking 90 acres in all for corn.Forty acres to go in wheat, 10acres of virgin soil to go in tobacco,160 acres in grass.Prospective renters jmay inspectthe place at any time.For further information, addressor call onMRS. SALLIE MORAN CLAY.M. P. KENNBY, Auctioneer.(13-td)lrBB T0 GAS) THE LEVERM1MM- , .JM ssx MH ooocs itIH i UH jBBltonwijjr MM ' rGarlandCombination Coal and GasRangeAre You Deaf?If :you are unable to - hear , ordinary conversation, calLiatmyoffice and let me demonstrate theACOUSTICQN,one of the best electric hearingiinstruments oa the-market 'today.Pr;-Wm9iRiltyr FranklinSuite 205-6 First-National BankBoth Phones, Paris, Ky.warming closet. - FFSa WITH; EVERT MQPERN COOKING CONVENIENCE, TO CHANGE FROM-COAL TOc GAS!- All you have to do is to pull the lever, asillustrated in the picture. Has a large workingspace on top, both coal and gas. We are offeringr a special price for early installingThe Garland Combination Range is two verycomplete ranges. all in one. As a coal range ithas no superior Ifs made of heavy cast iron.Jut as you see irt the-picture, with high warmingA FULL SIZE RANGE,.5pC7.Connected Up.A - r"ftCOAL HEATERSHave your coal or gas heaters put up whilewe have the time. We are offering special pricesfor early buyers.Get Thenuioiddi n c; ci it; rTo Save TuelW9 imt BWkmPf9 FiySAr VJjsBvJMtjxBM mt&WRA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and -Tnird StsCHAS. GREEN, ManagtrOpps4tt Court HeusaTry Trading at Wheeler' s Y6ufm Like It!IX..Iv1wIpiTUESDAT, SEPTEMBER 17, 191$TOU BOUKBON IfEIW, rAJW. IT,", 'irun- . ---- . vnnrtwsByTwehre:Bottles ofGreatest Human Vitalizer"During the winters of 1897and 1898, I was bo badly afflictedwith catarrh of the head andthought I nrust surely die, fromit. After trylHgr aay ,ctersand all other recommended remedies made known to Tne, I wasInduced to use Peruna. I Vascured femtirely by using twelvebottles of Peruna and one bottleof Manalin.Since that time, I have neverbeen without Peruna. I use itfor colds a as a general tonicdorlBK Spriag; and Fall Monthsand find it the greatest humanvitalizer."Sold EverywherePERUNA Mfk.'imLLL MHVaHli sS8wttaaMF S SaaaafraviflaWV aa&jaaaaaakS'VaaaaaaaaaaaPaHlaaaaaaaaaaHr'LWasEitirelyCuredMrWxa. A. Hariia'aBB, 217 S.,Second' St., Muskogeej Oklahoma,thus describes his case. Read hisletter.Liquid or Tablet Form))MftfcfcfcfefemtefeitsnHimmftieEp3I1tI SOLDIERS AND SAILORS JILETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY IWayne Cottingham, formerly" interested in the newspaper game inParis and Lexington, sends THENEWS the subjoined "big ti,me stuff"in a "special wireless" dispatch fromCamp Zachary Taylor. Way.ne expects to be a full-fledged General before the war reaches the stage whereBill Hohenzollern and his cohorts begfor mercy.(Special to THE BOURBON NEWS.)CAMP TAYLOR, KY., Sept. 11.When Sherman told the world whatwar was, and is, he certainly musthave been in quarantine. We havebeen in that state since our arirvaltwo weeks ago. However, after weget one more "shot" and pass an examination on military courtesy beforethe commanding officers, we will geta pass to look the old town over,although we can't taste it. That'sparticularly hard when one considersthe end of that joy stuff is fast approaching. The arrival of THE BOURBONNEWS was just like a drowning mansuddenly grasping a life preserver. Iread every personal, advertisementand even the editorials.I was given an overseas examination to-day, passed and now all thatis needed is "them orders." It lookslike-it's all over with the Kaiser now.Coming to camp is just like graduating, getting married or something.Everyone sends you some kind of apresent. Of course my knowledge ofthe getting married stuff may be considered a priori reasoning as our goodand kind Socrates would say.I am hoping to get to be a noncom, by the time the Parisians caughtin the 18 to 45 draft begin to arrive.I have acquired an excellent profanevocabulary, without which no soldieris complete. And the beauty about itis I am getting a better one everyday.The Bourbon county draftees mustbe keeping in hiding in camp. Ihaven't seen a one of them since Icame.This is an excellent night for writing letters or for committing a murder or something. It is pouring rain.But there is a musical concert in the"Y" that is jmaking so much noise Ican't think, so I will have to close.With best regards, I am,SincerelyWAYNS 'COTTINGHAM,34 Co., 9th Tr. Bn., 159 Depot Brigade, Camp Taylor, Ky."Havre de Grace, Md.,"Sept. 11, 1918."Dear NEWS: Just a few linesto let you know something about'Aberdeen,' and to have the addresson my paper changed. Have beenhere about a month now, and outsideof seven days a week I can recommend the camp, or proving ground,as it is termed in a military way,very highly. .The big guns and shellsare tested here before being sentoverseas. Something like two thousand or three thousand shots a dayare fired, and a newcomer may wellimagine himself "somewhere inPrance," and very close to the front."Charles Dickerson, of Paris, isdriving a Cadillac for the Major, andClark White, also recently of Paris,is attending the Ordnance Officers'Training School. Yours truly isdriving a Dodge for the army garage,living in Havre de Grace, (the placewhere the ponies run) and workingat the ProVihg Grounds 7:00 a. m.to 5:30 p. m. daily, with a Sundayoff occasionally."The races started yesterday atHavre de Grace, but owing to pressure of other duties I could not attend.I expect to see an afternoon or so ofthe sport, which will partly repay mefor missing the Kentucky Derby thisyear. If Bob Shea, or any of theother big plungers from Bourbon willcome up here I will try to put themnext to some of the good things. Bythe way, Eighteen-to-Forty-five woneasily with lengths to spare and Exemption trailing the field. I don'tsuppose it was much of a surprise,though, to the fellows who had beenwatching the workouts arid who aresubscribers to Collyers Eye."I saw in THE NEWS that JohnArdery is stationed at EdgewoodArsenal, which is located on our reservation here, about ten .miles fromthe Proving Grounds. Guess I willhave to go over some afternoon to seehim .... Tell Mitchell Jackson that Ialmost sold a block of oil stock to theCaptain the other day, but he decidedon a new serge uniform, instead ....Drilling is progressing more rapidlyhere than in the Irvine fields, but itis of a different kind."The longer a fellow is in the armythe better he likes the army life.Anyway, they all say that the firstfifty years is the hardest. I wouldhave had a furlough last mo-nth, butI didn't feel like letting them stopthe work here on my account. . . .Besure to send my paper to the addressas given below, so that I will be sureof getting pry paper more regularlyand on time .... Yours for an earlyreturn to civilian clothes and strawhats,"JOHN M. STUART,"Burns Apartments No. 27, Havre deGrace, Maryland."SAVE ALL FRUIT SEEDS, STONESAND PITS.The Government has requestedeveryone to save the seeds, stonesand pits from all kinds of fruits. Thepeach stone, especially, is desired, asfrom it is obtained an acid used inmunitions work.Dr. and Mrs. Frank M. Faries havehad a barrel placed in the front ofthe law office of Judge Harmon Stitt,on Broadway, in which all personshaving peach or other fruit stonesare requested to deposit them. DON'TTHROW AWAY PEACH STONES, orany other kind. They are of trepnendous importance to the Government just now. This may seem asmall matter to you, but it is one ofvery large concern to the Government. The stones thus collected willbe forwarded to the munition plantwhen the barrel is filled. Help theGovernment in this way!E5 Ks lEl -POR WEAK STOMACH.The' great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.(sept-adv)How can you build roads withoutmoney?It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will -have to. depend largely on gas.. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There MidElsewhere.l Mrs- Charles K. Posner has returned from a visit to relatives inCincinnati.Mrs. D. B. Spiart has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. NoraKennedy, in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.E. L. Green, in Owenton.Mrs. Belle Adair has returnedfrom a visit to her brothers, Omarand Almar Dotson, in Maysville.Mrs. Robert Elliott and children,of Rushville, Indiana; are visitingrelatives near North Middletown.Mrs. Yutaki Minakuchi has returned from Asheville, N. C, whereshe spent a portion of the sumjmer.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Judyhave returned from a month's visit torelatives in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.Mrs. James Day and son. JamesDay, Jr., have returned from a visitto Mrs. W. L. Smith, in Winchester.Mr. Thos. H. Wells has gone toFt. Wayne, Ind., to join Mrs. Wellsand. son in a visit to friends and relatives. Mr. Frank Wright has returnedto Winchester after a visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wright,near this city.Mr. J. L. Jacoby, of near Hutchison, who is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, is improving froma recent illness.Miss Catherine Thomas, ofFranklin, Indiana, is a guest of MissAnna Eads Peed, at her home onSouth Main street.Mrs. L. B. Purnell returned yesterday from a visit to her sisters,Mrs. Lee Barbour and Miss MabelHill, near Louisville.Mr. Will H. Parris has returnedto his home in Cincinnati, after avisit to friends and relatives in Parisand North Middltown.Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis andMr. and Mrs. Robt. Meteer were visitors last week in Louisville, and attending the State Fair.Mrs. Powell Bosworth has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to her mother, Mrs. Virginia Griffith, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Frank McGuirehave returned to their home inHutchison, Kansas, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton haveas guests at their home on Highstreet, Mrs. Hinton's mother, Mrs.Jos. D. Peed, of Mayslick, Masoncounty.Mr. and Mrs. T. Hough have returned to their home in this city after a visit to Mrs. Hough's brother,Mr. Barton Cumber and family, atMt. Olivet.Mrs. Carl Crawford has returned from Graham Springs, where shehas been in charge of the diningroojm and culinary department of theGraham Springs Hotel.Mr. George Sehon, Superintendent of the Childrens' Home, in Louisville, has returned there after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmon, near North Middletown.Among those from this city whoattended the State Fair at Louisvillelast week were Misses Nancy Griffith,Nell Crutcher and Frances Clay, Mrs.John W. Young and Mrs. FrankSledd..Mr. and Mrs. Homer Ritchie, ofParis, Montana, former residents ofthis county, are visiting relatives atNorth Middletown and Escondida.They are considering moving back toBourbon county.Mr. Edward Simms, of Houston,Texas, is a guest of his sister, MissLucy B. Simms, of Second street. Mr.Simms has been on a tour of inspection to his country estate, "XalapaFanm," on the Paris and North Middletown pike.Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Groschehave returned from a visit to thelatter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. S'.Brown, in Detroit, Mich. They wereaccompanied home by Mrs. Grosche'ssister, Miss Bessie Brown, who willbe their guest.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Pergramand daughters, Misses Etta and EdnaPergram, and son, Mr. Roy Pergram,have returned to their home in Illinois, after a visit to Mr. a-nd Mrs.Clay Thomas, near Paris. Mrs. Pergram is a sister of Mrs. Thomas.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughter, Miss Bessie Purnell, have movedfrom Millersburg to Paris, and areoccupying apartments at the home ofMrs. E. B. Hedges, on Main street,near Eleventh. Miss Purnell is amember of the Paris Public Schoolfaculty.Miss Dorothy Frances Schwartz,of Purcell, Oklahoma, was the guestof honor at a beautiful birth-day1 party given her last week by Mr. andMrs. Gus Margolen, on Main street.The bautiful little miss is the daughter of Ttfr. and Mrs. Geo. Schwartz,of Paris. This is Miss Schwartz's secwas formerly Miss Esther Margolen,of Paris. Tihs is Miss Schwartz's second birthday and the entertainmentin her honor was quite elaborate fora guest so young. The home wasbeautifully decorated and enjoyableentertainment was furnished the numerous guests. Beautiful prizes wereawarded the lucky contestants in thevarious games participated in. De-ilightful refreshments were served.CALL ISSUED FOR 45' TYPISTS INSTATEA special volunteer call for fortyfive stenographers and typists hasbeen issued by Major Henry Rhodes.Twenty of the men will be sent toFt. Thomas and twenty-five to Columbus Barracks, Ohio. The men inducted into service must be classified in4 group C tor special limited militaryservice. The men will be assigned toduty in the Judge Advocate GeneralDepartment, and part of them probably will see overseas service.The stenographers and typists willbe sent to Fort Thomas and Columbus Barracks, September 23.A ton of "sapphires will be used thisjyear in an American factory wherexue jewei Dearm&s 01 electric metersCHAMEBLADI'S COUGHThis is' hot only tone of the besta'ni,niost efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup! and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important 'when a medicinemust be given to J young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many, years and hasmet with much favor "wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruby, Chillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand, found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like.it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)M IBIt is easy to find men who knowall about road work, yet it is truethat not a sigle county or State hasyet solved the problem.Margolen'sSANITAR 1Meat Markett:m m :IKtGrand Openinof Our N$w-and Enlarged'SBVOM3R-FLOmDEPARTMENTFEATURING NEW PALL APPAREL FORWomen and Misses,uniors, Children and InfantsTUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,SEPTEMBER 17th AND 18th.-jEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.Give Us an OrderMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal,APorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376This department has been undergoing reconsruction.for the last six weeks. But now it is completed. Thefixture builders have added the finishing touches to it andit is at last ready for business.The changes that have been made in it allow us alarge amount of floor space, much more, in fact, than wehad at our disposal before these changes were consummated. So we are able to display much larger lines ofNew Fall Apparel and present you with more varied assortments for choice.We would like to "have you see this new and enlargeddepartment, and have you tell us what you think of it;and we here extend a cordial invitation to you to pay it avisit at your leisure.No attempt will be made to induce you to purchase.But if, however, you see fit to do so of your own accordyou will find the prices the apparel you like is quotingwill make the immediate purchasing of it well worth yourwhile.Our Doors Will Be Open at NineW0Lf,WILE60.LEXINGTON, KY.Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap 5cGoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap . . 5cBest Matches, per box cGas Globes, still 1 6cShinola Shoe Polish 1 OcDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,, 4-sewed 1 50cPost Gards, comics, 8 for. . . 5c.You can always save money bydealing at theBusv Bee fash StarFARfflERSWe Invite AH Farmers offBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDBBMKSTOITRACTORIf yota are interested in better andmore economical farming come, inand see what tnis little wonder.is doing for others.We Can DemonstrateIt to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .iIIv-I.A; VIIfiJ lllluillt'jm-Ihir;11vfl3.iMifcMi1 ti i? If ?wi!are made.i -. .i-v,-.J$tB-; ' & " r-L?v.Xi'-cw tf-f .- KuHBHEHHflRHKbBBmi.VV - -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.f MI TOtlTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17; 191JTlM -TT, Vtu. (THE ALAMOTodayTheda BaraTHE GRANDTo-day- C L E 0 PATR ATHE SIREN OF THE NILEKvf si-vtsMmSt V jffifjin -wBUT4QLUBERTY.BONDS,The Greatest Love Story of All TimeThe Passions and Pageants of Egypt's Vampire Queen in the most sumptuous and sensational production that has ever graced thean A TAr-rr1n niitiir of Olci F.avnf- faithfullv tellino the love adventures nf Favnt Vamnir r)iin Tn mnct rnmnpllincr romancef all history, a love that wrecked empires and changed the story of the world.screenSpecial Morning Showat Alamo at 1 0 o'clockPRICES FOR CLEOPATRAAdults . . . 35c Children25cWar Tax Included. (Note Jt cost New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles and othercities two dollars to see "Cleopatra.")nra.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At The Rod Cross Rooms.Tuesday C. W. B. M..Wednesday Woman's Society ofthe Catholic church.The Registration. . Thursday Young Woman's Mis-The work of tabulating the re- "if- irLie- T , . x , x,turns from the registration of women "uay woman s society 01 meof Bourbon county is proceeding as Presbyterian church.rapidly as possible and may take a oaiuraay leacners ircie.few days more before it is complete.The work is in charge of Mrs. j Uncle Sam is calling for 500 bandE. F. Clay, Chairman, Miss Mary 'masters to supply the new draftFithian Hutchcraft, Secretary, and j Music is now compulsory in theseveral assistants at hpndniifl.rt.ers in army. Jlvery soldier must Sing Orportant, and will be of great help inkeeping the records straight.the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank build- at least make tne effort, uen. Marching at Broadway and Main. sayR "A singing army is a victoriousThe registration developed the fact ' army." The civilian army shouldthat nearly one hundred white wo- , hed the government request to joinmen in. the county can be classed as ' tne Community Chorus, to make theilliterates, being unable to read or ' la-ni rinS with the patriotic songswrite. Steps will be taken to remedy !and the camp melodies.this. Night classes may also beonened for vounsr women who wish to The Woman's Club of North Mid-take a business course to fit them-, die-town will open their program onselves for a business career. jSept. 20. The subject will be "KenAnother feature developed in the J tucky." Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexregistration, is that North Middle- j ington, has graciously consented totown, Shawhan, Kiserton and the address the members of the club onPalmer School districts registered a that date,full one hundred per cent, of their J ? M MAll registrars who have not yet SEE PELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESThanded in. their cards are requested to j AND STRONGEST LINE.do so at once, in order that the workof tabulation, may be completed this j What about your boy's, Misses'week. The work of registering the and children's school shoes? Don'tfnlnrtui mnmon of fho nittr and nnnnfv Overlook Feld'S Shoe Store when VOITwas begun yesterday by committees ' are ready to buy. As usual we have Allen of Millersburg; the brick cot-under the direction of Prof. F. M. . tne Dest ana strongest line to select ll6C Ui Tl. 2 -rlulettU u" oiynuREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in this city Saturday morning for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton, the farm belonging to the Laughlin heirs, located onthe Ruddles Mills pike, about oneand one-half miles from Paris, andocntaining twenty-three acres, toMrs. William Welsh, for $7,410,about $322 per acre.Auctioneer Kenney at the sameplace on Saturday afternoon, rentedfor the Bourbon-Agricultural Bankand Trust Co., guardian for the Boswell heirs, their farm of 140 acres,located on the Lexington pike, aboutone and one-half miles from Paris,to C. J. Wright, for $1,700.Mr. J. W. Douglas, of near NorthMiddletown, and his son, Mr. A. V.Douglas, of Paris, have purchased afarm of 330 acres located near Shepherdsville, in Bullitt county, twentyfive miles from Louisville. They alsopurchased the growing crops, for immediate possession. They will moveto the place in November.The Yeager Real Estate Agency ofLexington, reports the following salesin which Boifrbon county people areinterested: The home of Mrs. B. F.Spears, on East Main street and Clayavenue, to Samuel Cole; the house ofL. Lowenthal on Linden Walk, to G.W. Lawson, of Clintonville; the cottage of Miss Gertrude Herrington onNorth Hanover avenue, to Mrs. D. S.NEWS FROM THE OIL FIELDS.Wood, Chairman, and Parthenia j fromHickman, Secretary. At a meeting jheld in the court house Saturday af- jternoon thes committees were given !their cards and assignments to dif-1ferent parts of the city. The work of jregistration was well under way yes- jterday and will be carried forwardas rapidly as can. be done.fe 3(sept3-tf)STENOGRAPHERS - TYPEWRITERS HELP WIN THE WAR.You are urged, as a patriotic duty,to enter the Government service ini Washington, D. C, for importantwar work as stenographers and typej writers. Women, especially, maythus aid in the nation's great effort.netjueu. muse whoA Busy Patriotic Woman.After a month's vacation snent in Men are alsothe East, during which she had op-have not the required training areportumty to learn more aoout tnework and the needs of the fatherlesschildren of France, Mrs. A. B. Hancock has taken up the local workwith renewed energy, and is busyagain getting French babies "adopted." There are thousands and thousands yet to be provided for, and sheasks you to think seriously aboutthem and'-help in the grand work ofcaring for their babies and theirminds that the Hun may not succeedin breaking the future spirit ofFrance as he has tried to do that ofthe present. Each child saved is anasset to France and the whole world.Need of Nurses.The call for nurses ha sagain beensent through the Lake Division inthis recent letter by Miss Anna C.Gladwin, director of the Bureau ofNursftag, to every nurse in the Division. Chapter members can help by impressing on all nurses they know, thegreat need of personal effort on thepart of every nurse, if the Division isto meet its quota for overseas duty.In the Lake Division only 43 percent, of the nurses, 1,295 in all, have1,543 have yet to come forward.In Ohio alone there are 5,300 registered nurses, and in France ,men aredying for want of care.Encouraging News.A cablegram has been receivedfrom Harvey D. Gibson, Red CrossCommissioner to France, advisingthat theFrench War Department hasofficially -adopted for the use in allFranch hospitals American Red Crossstandard; surgical dressings.One of the factors entering intothis decision was the excellent condition in which Red Cross surgicaldressings arrive in France.This information will be a sourceof great satisfaction to the loyalarmy of American women who haveso painstakingly manufactured millions)f surgical dressings.0- 4 Important Notice.Any woman having trench footslippers at their homes are aked toplease report the number to Mrs.Owen L. Davis, Cumberland phone645. or to the Red Cross Rooms,Home phone 193. Thiss veryim-iurged to undergo instructions atonce. Tests are given in 550 citiesevery Tuesday.The Government maintains a listof rooms in private houses in Washington, and is erecting residencehalls to accommodate thousands. Fullinformation and application blanksmay be obtained from Mr. WilliamClarke, Secretary of the Local Boardof Civil Service Examiners, at theParis Postoffice.JOHN A. McILHENNY,President United States Civil ServiceCommission, Washington, D. C.a "Pa ISFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.T5i a iaYOU COUNT IN ONE WAY ONLY.Never, so much as now, has the individual counted for so little.Individual rights, individual priv-jlieges, individual responsibilitieshave given way to the greater consideration, the welfare of the peopleas a whole.For nations, not peoples or races,have taken in hand the destinies ofthe world. The individual has beenpre-emptorily put aside.Whether liberty shall live or perishfrom the earth is for determinationin the aggregate. It is not for anyone iman to say.The Kaiser soon is to realize this.But there is one way in which youcan. count.One way in which you may stillmake yourself felt throughout thisstorm-tossed world.You can make your little individual contribution to the cause of freedom, of world democracy, of permanent peace.You can buy a Liberty Bond.You may otherwise be subordinated, effaced, shunted into comparative oblivion and, made to feel thatyou no longer- count.But here you can take your littleplace in the sun.It's a chance of a lifetime; thechance of yours.D-bjmissiatv,5 C ' i-avenue, to Miss Gertrude HerringtonIn the readjustment of affairs ofthe firm of Messick & Clarke, realestate men, of Lexington, Mr. LaceyJ. Clarke, formerly of Paris, has severed his connection with the firm,and will continue in the businesswith offices in the old LexingtonLeader office building on "Upperstreet. Col. George D. Speakes, ofParis, will be associated in the business with Mr. Clarke as 'auctioneer,still retaining his business connection with Harris & Speakes, of Paris.fe isa fcsDOMESTIC SERVICE FOR THEPHYSICALLY DISQUALIFIED.About 15 per cent, of the men sent'to Louisville by local boards to beinducted into limited service forduty as clerks to the boards were retained by the army service, Maj.Henry Rhodes said, on his returnfrom Louisville, where he took command of his new force.Domestic service men grade pttysically between general and limitedservice, and do not come within thepurview of local boards.The fact, that so many men classibed by local boards for military service were taken over by the armycaused considerable comment, as itwas thought they were found physically fit for overseas duty and held.The Marchmont Oil Co., composed,chiefly of Paris capitalists, receivednews Saturday that a big producingwell had been "brought in" on theirholdings in the oil district. The officials were greatly elated when thenews came, as it justified former predictions of a paying lease in the oilfield.The Station Camp Oil Co., in whichmany Paris and Bourbon county people are interested, "brought in" wellNo. 6, on their Frank Callahan lease,on Ross Creek, in Estill county, Friday. The well was pronounced goodfor seventy-five barrel productiondaily, and was being pumped at thetime the message was sent here. Thesame copipany has started drilling ina new well on the Frances Binghamlease, in the same county.A telegram was received here Saturday by a local stockholder in theMcCombs Producing and RefiningCompany, telling of Well No. 10 being "brought in" on the Adams leasein Wolfe county. The new produceris rated at one hundred barrels perday capacity.WASTING PRINT PAPER(Chicago Tribune.)While newspapers and magazinesare asked to cut down their consumption of paper, the Governmentprinting presses are busily turningout tons of literature" much of which,it is safe to say, never serves a higher purpose than to clutter up thewaste basket. An attempt is beingmade, we believe, to check this floodof printed matter, but thus far nothing has been done about the Congressional Record. The subject hascome up in the House, and that oldabuse, "the extension of remarks,"is naturally the center of attack. Itis hardly necessary to explain thata member of Congress, by obtaining"leave," can have anything fromthe poetical effusions of a small townbard to a campaign speech printedin the Record. And then he can reprint it and frank it all over theUnited States. To abolish the "extension of remarks" would, ofcourse, be a sad blow to those Representatives and Senators who, forone reason or another, can't makespeeches, but who find this a convenient device for giving their constituents the impression that they arecausing the halls of Congress to resound with their oratory. Perhaps abetter scheme would be to put aheavy war tax on this use of theRecord.BOOTLEGGERS ARRESTEDJacob Brown and Robert Wood,both colored, claiming Whitley county as their home, were fined $25 andcosts each, and sentenced to thirtydays at hard labor by Judge Batterton, on a charge of "bootlegging."The men were placed under arrest byChief of Police Link, who found themwith about ten gallons of whisky intheir possession. The liquor was confiscated by the court and held forpossible presentation to the medicalsupply department of the Massie Memorial Hospital.sB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsj RECORD YEAR FOR CANNING INDICATED.Reports from manufacturers ofcanning supplies who have conformed to recommendation of the UnitedStates Department of, Agriculture inmaking of equipment indicate thatthe interest in home canning is increasing rapidly. There is a widespread demand for more equipmentthat will save labor and time in canning. It is estimated that there hasbeen during the year a 50 per cent,increase in the number of firms manufacturing hojme canning supplies,an average increase of 25 per cent, inthe quantity of equipment sold, andan increase of 300 per cent in thedemand for rubbers of standardquality. Some of the department'scanning instructions have been published by outside parties in 10 different languages and more than 100business concerns have reprinted thedirections for free distribution totheir employees and customers.HI p(S IfcIt makes no difference how littlesome men actually know about roadwork they are ready and eager tocriticise and make foolish suggesjtions." " ' A' " --, -':.BUY4.UBERTYBONDS,Clothes For FallThat Save For YouThey're Ready NowTHERE has been a lot said about the scarcity of good merchandise for Fall,and there s just enough truth in it so that it may have caused you some concern. Particularly if you appreciate the economy in good clothes. Youdon t need to worry; we're ready with new stocks fineHart Schaffner &Marxand Kirschbaum ClothesThey're all-wool, carefully tailored, in styles that make the best use of matenal and labor; these clothes save because they wear so long and satisfactorily.We feel that we're doing a service by making this announcement at thisbme. Its a positive assurance to the men of this town who need clothes thatthey can come' here and get the quality that saves.Our usual high quality standards have been upheld in allof our furnishing goods; if you need a hat, shirts, hosieryor neckwear, you'll economize most by coming here.RWALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris. Ky.Our Delivery. At 4:00 O'clockViJV"V.l'foT cxd:xTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1918COR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned-CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf). TSi TS )siTtfTLIJNEEY DISPLAY DAILY ATSmON DEPARTMENT STOREWill have on display daily an exclusive line of Gage and Fisk patterniiat Advanced styles.MISS MARY McMAHAN,(13-3t) Simon Dept. Store.ELECTED PRESIDENTv J. Qunicy Ward, ExecutiveAent of the Kentucky Game andFish Commission, while attending the.cessions of the National Associationsof Game & Fish Commissioners inyew York, was honored by beingelected to the presidency of thatlody. "-r-r m-" m J-f "irGEORGE WINS ONE.t the sale of lots in Childers' Ternce at Versailles, last week, Col.ror-e D. Speakes, of the real estateSrm of Harris & Speakes of Paris,Ion the 55 gold piece, donated bythe Wakefield-Davis Realty Co, Oneper cent, of the sale was donated tothe Red Cross. Mr. Speakes donatedIns prize to the Red Cross fund.I PS ""INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.-n m iGREAT LAKES BAND COMINGArrangements are being made tohave the Great Lakes Naval Bandvisit Paris again in the near future.The date will probably be about Oct.7th. However, the exact time andprogram will be announced nextissue. This big band, with 40 piecesand the special trophy train due hereabout the 3rd will be the advanceguard of the advertising campaignfor the fourth Liberty Loan campaign. la la mCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND GRANDTo-day, Tuesday, Sept. 17 ThedaBara, in "Cleopatra," William Duncan, in the eighth episode of "AFight For A Million." Morningshow at The Alamo at 10:00 a. m.To-morrow, Wednesday, Sept. 18.Enid Bennett, in "The Vampire,"added attraction, Pathe Comedy andHearst-Pathe News Feature.Thursday, Sept. 19. Mabel Normand, in "The Venus Model," alsoMutt and Jeff Comedy, "Ace andJoker," and Pathe News Feature.is feMR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuabletorisktither in Fire or WindStorm. Insure against eitheror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Both Phones 45.(30aug-6t)PARIS JEWISH MERCHANTS .OBSERVE Y0M KIPPURYom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, the most solemn holy day inthe Jewish calendar, was observedhere yesterday by the closing of allthe Jewish stores. The Festival ofSuccoth will begin five days later andcontinue for eight days. This festivalbegins this year on Friday evening,Septepiber 20.The Day of Atonement is a day offasting, prayer, penitence and spiritual quickening. The day is veryhighly regarded among the Jewishpeople, and is universally practicedand observed. The holiday was observed from evening to eveningthroughout yesterday. Many fromParis attended divine worship at theMaryland Avenue Temple, in Lexington. ta g Jjsj .HED ASH COAL NOW BEST ONMAJRKBT.Don't forget you can get the bestof "Red Ash Coal" at Dodson's yard.Put your order in early.W. C. DODSON.(17-tf)Ea s E2VISIT THE RACKET STORE MONEY SAVING PRICES PREVAILWhen you come to town Saturdaystop and see our ginghams and outings. Buy e&rly and avoid the highPrices later.THE PARIS RACKET STORE.(13-3t)fe IS toHESBYTERIAN CHURCH TO BEDEDICATED OCT. 13.Arrangements are in progress fordedicating the new Presbyterianchurch in this city on Sunday, Oct.3, which promises to be an .event ofjnost unusual interest. The churchp practically completed, with the exoption of installing the motor, whichis to operate the big pipe organ. ThisJork was delayed from the fact thatjne mechanic who came here to dohe work was compelled to returnhome by the illness of his wife, andto register under the 18-45 registration order.The new church is one of the jmostcomplete and commodious religiousedifices in the State, and replaces onethat nearly half a century represented the hard work of an earnest bandf Christian people. Its sky-piercingspire was a landmark-on the sky-lineo Paris.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComIms and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M. Funk leftSaturday for a two-weeks' stay atFrench. Lick Springs.Mrs. John Reffett and son, Mr.??S,Reffett' are visiting relativesin Middletown, Ohio.Mr. Jajmes H. Thompson returned Saturday from the State Fair atLouisville, accompanied by Mr. JacobJacobs, of Chicago.Mrs. Jesse Letton nf nTrQ-Springs, Florida, is the guest of Mrs.Lucy F. Letton, at the home of Mr.Reynolds Letton.Mrs Deweese Ecton, of Minneapolis Minn., is a guest of her sister,Mrs John T. Hedges, and Mr. Hedges,on Higgins avenue.Councilman John Merringer andMr Ewell Renaker left yesterday forHot Springs, Arkansas, where theywill remain a month.Misses Christine and Louvena-rhomason,- Of- near -Paris, ars-St-tending.the Eastern Kentucky StateNormal School at Richmond.I he Danville Messenger says:"Mr. George White Fithian. of phhas arrived to join the Army Training Corps at Center College."Mr. Ossian Edwards has returned from an extensive business tripfor the U. S. Government in the timber belt of Indiana and Michigan.Miss Catherine Florence, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Florence,has entered the State Normal Schoolat Richmond for a teacher's trainingcourse.Miss Sue Taylor, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. James E. Taylor, ofEast Paris, left yesterday for Midway, to attend the Kentucky OrphansSchool for the 1918-19 term.Mr. Robert Lavin, son of Mr. andMrs. M. J. Lavin, of Paris, has resigned his position with the Louisville &Nashville, at Corbin, and has enteredthe University of Kentucky for thefall term.Mrs. W L. Davis, of Columbia,S. C, who has been visiting relativesin Louisville, arrived yesterday for avisit to her sister, Mrs. John T. Hinton, and Mr. Hinton, before returningto her home.A large number of Paris peopleattended the performances of "Heartsof the World" at Lexington, Saturdayafternoon and evening. The phrase"simply unparalleled" piost aptlyexpresses this wonderful film-play.The "Notes of Traveling Men"department of Sunday's LexingtonLeader has the following: "NoahRose, representing Spears & Sons,of Paris, reports a big business in thefiour and feed line. Noah is a hustlerand we want him to be sure to attendthe next (meeting."Mrs. Wm. Hukill, who has beenquite ill, is greatly improved andwas able to be up yesterday and attend the noon-day meal with thefamily. Mrs. Hukill is wonderfullypreserved for her age, and is recovering nicely from her recent illness.Her daughter, Mrs. M. H. Davis, ofMayslick, has been with her for thepast week.(Other Personals on Page 3)1 g SSEE PELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALLSHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.S3 S3 fSWILL ROUND UP MEN WHO DIDNOT REGISTERA nation-wide effort to round upmen who failed to register for thedraft will be started immediately bya specially organized corps of department of justice agents. This corps, itwas learned, has been in process oforganization for some time and willwork quietly, without making beneral raids, like those in New York,which caused adverse criticism.Methods have been developed forgathering information from hundreds of sources on men within thenew draft ages who failed to respond and this will be used to prevent evasion. Many volunteer members of the American ' protectiveleague, a citizens' organization areunderstood to have enlisted in thenew campaign against draft dodgers,and the system is said to be so thorough that it virtually will be impossible for slackers to evade arrest.EASTERN STAR NOTESIn writing to the Masonic HomeJournal at Louisville of a trip of inspection she recently made throughout Central Kentucky, Mrs. Mary J.Diecks, Worthy Grand Matron of theOrder of the Eastern Star, tells ofher reception at Paris:"I left Louisville on a three-weeks'inspection trip. My first visit was toParis Chapter No. 167. I had issuedthe chapter a special dispensation toelect and install officers. This wasthe principal order of business. Abouttwenty of the members were presentand Bro. Newto-n Smith, Past GrandPatron, assisted the Worthy GrandMatron in the installation. There isno reason why this chapter shouldnot be one of the most flourishingchapters in the State. The newly installed officers are prepared to dotheir best and we wish them success. Delightful refreshments wereserved. Mrs. Gabrilla Bagby entertained the Grand Matron in herhome."fe& a itsFALL TERM OF FEDERAL COURTThe fall term of the Federal Courtwill convene at Frankfort on Monday, September 23, with Judge A. M.J. Cochran presiding. The followingfrom this county are members of theFederal Grand jury: John T. Hedges,Paris, John. Marr, Millersburg. Members of the petit jury from this vicinity are: Dan Isgrigg, J. WalkerMuir, Jeff Denton, Paris, John S.Talbott, North Middletown, L. V.Hagan, Clintonville.-' 'ijf,THE BOURBON3ih-MUUKATIC STATE CAMPAIGNTO AWAIT LOAN DBIVE.Following a conference of Gov.Stanley and the Democratic StateCajmpaign Committee with Gen. W.B. Haldeman, Democratic NationalCommitteeman from Kentucky, atThe Seelbach, in Louisville, ThomasS. Rhea, chairman of the DemocraticState Campaign Committee, Issuedthe following statement:"The Democrats will open theircampaign at Mayfield, Saturday, September 21, with Senator J. C. W.Beckham and Gov. Stanley as thespeakers. On Monday, September 23,Gov. Stanley and Senator Beckhamwill speak at Winchester, Clarkcounty."After that date, in order to helpin the great Liberty Loan drive, therewill be no more speeches made in behalf of the Democratic ticket for thetnree weeks beginning September 28,and ending October 19, but Gov.Stanley and, all the DemocraticSpeakers in Kentucky will devotetheir time to speaking in behalf ofthe Liberty Loan drive and the Liberty Loan drive only."This action was in accordance witha suggestion made by Gen. Haldeman in a telegram sent by him, whileat Warm Springs, Va., some daysago.Dr. Ben L. Bruner, Republicannominee for the United States Senate, has announced that he will dono political campaigning until afterthe fourth Liberty Loan cajmpaign.WAR TROPHY TRAIN IN PARIS,OCTOBER 4,Uncle Sam's War Trophy Train"No. 2, is coming to Paris on Friday,October 4, for a three hours' stay.This is a special train under the auspices of the U. S. Railroad Administration and the U. S. Treasury. It isloaded down with booty capturedfrom the fleeing German army "overthere." All the instruments and accontrements of modern German hellish warfare will be on exhibition onthis train and placed before youreyes for inspection.By special arrangement with thelocal Liberty Loan Committee thistrain will stop in Paris on Friday,Oct. 4, for three hours. The time ofarrival and departure will be announced through the press and special bulletins.A special detail of United Statessoldiers will accompany the train.Speakers of local and State prominence will make addresses. Full particulars of this visit will be madepublic in ample time before Oct. 4.pa is is jA FETCHING CARTOON.A very fetching and well-executedcartoon, from the facile pen of Mr.Charles Shea, a Paris artist, is 'ondisplay in the window at THE NEWSoffice. The cartoon was drawn byMr. Shea in 1917, as his idea of whatthings would be in the followingyear, and in the light of the bigdrive the Allies are making at thistime, and the precipitate rout of theGermans, it has become in the natureof an artistic prophecy.The cartoon speaks for itself, andshould be seen by everyone. It is amost telling way the air raids, theassaults of the Allies on the Germanlines, and has an added humorous ortake-off on many of the prominentpersonages of the German militarylife. It will be reproduced in a number of daily papers in the very nearfuture.la te laRED CROSS TEA ROOMSThe Red Cross Tea Rooms thisweek will be in charge of Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Chairman, assistedby Mrs. Durand Whipple, Mrs. OscarT. Hinton, Mrs. Edward Prichard,Mrs. Edith Daniels, Mrs. John F.Davis, Mrs. Fayette Ardery, andMisses Mary Fithian Hutchcraft andMargaret Ferguson.The following is the menu for today, Tuesday, September 17:Clucfcen baullion; split pea soup;black bean soup.Cream de Solaille, with mushroomsauce; old ham; chicken; home-madehot rolls; potato au gratin; peas;molded fruit salad; stuffed tomatoes,with oil or cooked dressing; cheeseballs; apricot ice; home-made rolls;doughnuts, cream pie; ice tea; icecoffffe; hot tea; hot coffee; sweetmilk.-m js laATTENTION, ODD FELLOWS!The Grand Master of the State, Mr.Beckham Overstreet, of Louisville,has set apart September 1 to 15, inclusive, for the purpose of raising anendowment fund for the Orphans'Home at Lexington. The followingsoliciting committee has been appointed by Bourbon Lodge, of Paris,E. B. January, Wm. Lail and HomerShy. This committee will solicitcash. Liberty Loan Bonds or WarSavings Stajmps. "Let every Odd Fellow give fiom oneto as many more War Savings Stampsas he feels he can afford. Don't waitfor the committee to call on you, butgo to see them, or call up one ofthem and tell him what yoi want togive toward the fund. BourbonLodge has never failed to go over thetop yet in any movement towardhelping the orphans or widows.fa fe laMASONS ELECT OFFICERS.Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal ArchMasons, elected officers for the ensuing term as follows: High PriestWm. C. Snapp; King David D.Cline; Scribe M. E. McCurdy; Secretary Joe Ewalt; Treasurer Chas.Stephens; R. A. C. George Bedford;P. S. Robt. Lusk; R. A. C. Newton Smith; Second Veil Thos. J.Kiser; Third Veil Luther Ashcraft;First Veil Thos.'-Jv Kiser; Sentinel.Sam Martin. , . -'NBW8, PAJMS, nr.THEDA BARA IN "CLEOPATRA"TU-JJX.TTO-W -r, !5",v'ucu vviiiiam Fox presents hisepoch-making film version of "Cleop2 ?'" with Theda Bara as the Siren?, JheNile at The Alamo and theParis Grand this afternoon and tonight local amusement seekers willsee the most sensational, and magnifiecent photo-dramatic spectacle everproduced. The passions and pageantsof Egypt's vampire queen as portrayed by the screen's foremost interpreter of siren roles aroused theentire theatre and picture-going public of New York, where "Cleopatra"enjoyed "a phenomenally successfulrun on Broadway at the Lyric Theatre. No film drama ever offered theAmerican public has achieved greaterpopularity than this stupendous production. William Fox, who is never happierthan .when making cinema productions of huge proportions, is said tohave set a new mark with his pictur-lzauon ot the famous loves of Cleopatra, and it will be some time beforethere will be found a type into whichthe savage beauty and personality ofMiss Bara fits ,more perfectly.F5 1 1GETS PROMOTION.Mr. Madison Smoot, son of Mrs.Gertrude Smoot, of this city, whohas for some time been the accommodating ticket agent at the Tenthstreet passenger station of the Louis-Hville & Nashville, has been promotedto a similar position at the GrandCentral Station in Cincinnati. Mr.Smoot will be on the day shift of ticket agents in the station, at an increased salary. The promotion takeseffect to-day. Another Paris boy, Mr.Mike Atlas, who was in a similarcapacity at the same place, is in theprmy service.- .tefcmHOWARD SENTENCEDIn the JJnited States Court at Covington, Rolla H. Howard, the Parisbarber, who had been convicted on acharge of obstructing the draft service in this county, was sentenced byJudge A. M. J. Cochran to serve twoyears in the Federal prison atMoundsville, West Virginia. The circumstances of his arrest while representing hi,mself as a United StatesSecret Service man, are still fresh intho inds of our readers. Howardwc trapped while representing totwo brothers named Day that heconM secure their release from thedraft service by the payment of a certain sum.la ta laSELLS OUT INTEREST.At a meeting of the directors of thePeoples' Leaf Tobacco WarehouseCompany, at Carlisle, Mr. W. D. McIntyre, of Millersburg, resigned hisposition as general manager, and also 1disposed oi nis interest in the concernto Mr. W. P. Ledford. Mr. ElmerBerry, of Sharpsburg, was chosen tosucceed Mr. Mclntyre as manager.jMBBHIClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!SpecialSuits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL,, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSED:OUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMOBEREA COLLEGE TO BECOME AWAR POST.Forjmal announcement has beenmade from Berea that Berea Collegehad become a military post.The college with its normal andvocational departments is now open.The students there will be inductedinto the Student Volunteer ArmyCorps Unit, according to announcement. The tabernacle at Berea will beturned into an armory. The militarytraining, it is understood, will begiven to students by Tudor VanHook,and a nupiber of student officers whohave been in training at Fort Sheridan during the summer.1)SWINNER OF THE FUTURITY BREDBY A. B. HANCOCK.The Futurity, one of the richestprizes in this country for 2-year-olds,was won Saturday by the chestnutcolt Dunboyne bv Celt-WnHrmnirfwith Sir Barton second and Purchasethird. The winner was bred by Arthur B. Hancock, of Bourbon county,in his stud in Virginia and races inthe name of P. A. Clark. Dunboynewon at Saratoga and has raced inthe best of copapany, showing form ofthe highest order and racing .withrare courage against difficulties. Hissire, Celt, is by Commando out ofMaid of Erin by Amphion, and wasraced in the colors of his breeder, thelate James R. Keene, for whom hewon several of the important eventsof the turf.la la feMAYOR RECOMMENDS DISPLAYOF CARDS ON AUTOSTo the Public:I am sure that every loyal citizenwill gladly co-operate with the government in conserving gasoline byobserving the non-use of automobileson Sundays except for conveyancesto churches and doctors' use.May I recommend that all suchusers display a card on the windshield of their cars so that the policemen will report only violators of thisrequestE. B. JANUARY,Mayor of Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Five-room apartment. Bath andall conveniences. Located overWalsh's Clothing Store. Apply to undersigned, MRS. L. SALOSHIN,Cumb. Phone 269. (17-2t-pd)Lost Keys.Bunch of 5 keys on ring. Nameof Frank S. Frazier on -name plate.Finder leave at BOURBON NEWSoffice and receive reward,lt-pd) FRANK S. FRAZIER.orReductions on the Following:MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.-'UjJ(JU .t-!!E F!PA01LtRSTOn Saturday night between ReTCross Tea Room and Traction.-Officiia white enamel knitting needle witlrpink enamel knob. Finder please lecrec-at BOURBON NEWS office and: receive reward. '( It) MRS. AMOS TURNEY, JEL."SIT STRATEyWHITEThe Pride of theHomeSit Strate! it makes for health rvAnd health's no trifle, it iswealthOf great value to young- andKold,Worth more by far 'than, gems-offgold. -'It's use means stitching- that;will please,Of sewing done with greatest.ease;Of satisfaction beyond measure11-The "Sit Strate" White! ah, 'tis..:'a Treasure.Daugherty BrosFifth and MainrVVmvi"T?,-yi-iJ-74tlf.-j.-TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, ISlfYAftlSZ-H' 'WJ!l"PtaaMUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.-,-,., ,.,,., - ' sC.j-v.a . -?-. :l , , . :. . . j- . : x 'I1imiii''i iimimi Mtiiii .iiiiii. lyJ.LIFT OFF. CORNS!With fingers! Corns tnd oilI luses lift off. No pain!. fr.lf.HHtM.,,, . .,...,.., . . , , .Marie! Just drop -a little Er&zoneon $feat touchy corn, instantly it sjbopaoahj&g, ,tben. you lift the com off witht&e angers. Truly! No humbug!" I f rvTry Freezone! Your druggist sells atiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient torid your .feet of every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Ereezone is thediscovery of a noted Qjnoinnati genius.Men. should be careful to knowthat they are correct before speakingand writing about roads, else thefruit of their efforts may not beworth gathering.Pa Pa paGOOD FOR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. Seeing Chamberlain's Tablets advertised I concludedto try them. I improved rapidly."Miss Emma Verbryke, Lima, 0.(sept-adv)BRIGHTER.EVENINGSjfeNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.UseOlectricitiTor EigMingIt's the only satisfactory way.Tlse Setsfor Seating atta CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use o! BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)"55SPECIALFor One Week OnlyNEW FALL HATSin Felts and Velvets -at $2.95 eachThese are all new hats atthis price. Don't miss thischance.NEW FALL BOOTSin the latest styles andshades, mahogany, brown,battle ship grsy and black.All sizes.New Coats and Suitson display. Come in and-see them."Watch Our WindowsFor Bargains.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.rrwTvnT)ClAXrTtAUTr,vKIMVVIS-A-ir fjubm-jnmm xjmjur yfy --'The annual reunion of the Henderson family was held lastSaturday at the home of Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, who throughher mother, the late Mrs. Mary Cunningham Hutchcraft, is one of therepresentatives.The Henderson family figured conspicuously in the early history ofKentucky, being among the firstfamilies from Virginia to locate -inthe State.The previous reunions have beenheld at the home of Mrs. W. 0.Shropshire, but it was deemed moreconvenient to have the present oneat Mrs. Sutherland's home.Mrs. W. W. Haley and Mrs. W. O.Shropshire, sisters of Mrs. Hutchcraft, acted as hostess, beingamong Jhe older members of thefnrmlir. trti rlftupliters of one of thepioneer women, Mrs. Isabella Henderson Cunningham.More than forty representativesof the fajmily were present and theoccasion was one of unusual interest.A sketch of this historic familyprepared by Mrs. John Battaile, ofClark county, was read at the meeting.Those present were: Dr. and Mrs.Wm. Henderson Kelly, Covington;Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Colville, Louisville; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Gardner,Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Bayles, Mrs. Jennie Lary, Mrs. Wm. Webb, MasterWm. Webb. Jr.. Miss Jane AllenWebb, Miss Margaret Skinner, MissFlorence Bkmner, Miss Maoei Henderson, Mr. and Mrs. Clay Shropshire,Miss Elizabeth Shropshire, Miss LucyShropshire, Mr. and Mrs. Allen Shropshire and Miss Anne E. Shropshire,all of Lexington; Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Goodwin, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Witson,Mr. and Mrs. Frank Lebus, Mr. andMrs Tsanr Shrrmshire and Miss Margaret Shropshire, of Cynthiana; Mrs.W. O. Shropshire, Mrs. Annabel Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. HendersonShropshire, Miss Anne WallaceShropshire. Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Haley, Mr. and Mrs. Kelly Haley, Mr.and Mrs. I. C. Haley, Mr. BrentHaley, Master Wm. Haley, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland and Mr. ClaySutherland, all of Bourbon County;Mrs. John Battaile, Mr. and Mrs. Willis Battaile and Master Jas. BentonBattaile, of Winchester. All enjoyedthe delicious buffet luncheon.pn j j iECHO FROM A RECENT ATJTOWRECK.The Flemingsburg Times-Democratsays of an accident in which aParis man, Mr. 0. H. Rice, was injured recently:"Wednesday of last week W. W.Jones went to Paris to attend thefuneral of young Mallory, who wasdrowned on Sunday, and accompniedthe funeral procession by auto fromParis to Elizaville. But a short distance this side of Millersburg the driver of the machine in which Mr.Jones was riding lost control of hismachine and it ran through a wirefence and tore things up, severely injuring Mr. Jones' hand, while thedriver hipiself also was painfully injured. Mr. Jones went back to Millersburg and had his injuries attended to and came in on the train thatnight."la P3 ISThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedks, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced.it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward is offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. GOTT MIT TJNS.(By Der Kaiser)In der gray off der morning,All our forces fine und fit,Ve assaulted, for in AmiensVas a church ve hadn't hit!Efry man was steelt to murderFor der grandt oldt Faterlandt,More as all ve hoped dose YankeesVould come to us, handt-to-handt.Yoost before ve started ofer,Knowin, dot as like as notVe might find dem, ve had sessionIn der dugout, ME und gott.Und I says, says I, "Ole feller,If you haff one haff der punchDot's giff you such repytation,Ve vill massacre dis bunch."Und he says unto me, "VillumYoOst remember dot Ret Sea;Don't forget dot you haf HindebearkDe Crown Prince, too, und me."Gray der blains off Armageddon,Fierce der fightin', dire der gost;For we had some darn rough sleddin'Und I fear der Lord vas lost.R. G. Collier.DIARRHOEA IN CHILDREN.For diarrhoea in children one yearold or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a doseof castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)SHEAVES AND SHELL.JAlong the Vesel River the shellsare falling by the thousands into thestrongholds of the enemy. They areexacting a terrible toll of life fromI the German ranks. They are formI ing barrages behind which the Yanks. are pushing forward, always forward.wM mm . ..mwwm. hWash the OOCKSGM!v3KawJtMl " J vm You Knit withim Gtandma fsSwttwSb5sfHSpSiBSt?Jw "'vi-CA i' MBH; Powdered5JJmH -, mgBH-WB-WL Soapwmxtr&lv.-tvJijrH?TA?'. j r ml j jrrgwrn gi.- .imj- jw m-ryi-. - j..---. -i. ,--. . .. ipvs-- s-fH8ratf JW-j Z .. rl -"-v v-: A-v; . ,fSII. ' Wool Socks r-'' XMmir- Will Not Shrink ''SJttW8 Get Hard or knot Up .-..".ilPS When WashedSfWSsSSP W1 Grandma . . ; ..--.. if- "."--Z. ' '. V"t. C"Jjf..- 'H.T6 ""- "B 9 T.tTTP7.l-T-t.-Vy'--y--P- TS . Or L-"-. Tg --WT-rgTJrfct-y'I- rX ITTta -aafeaase" .GRANDMA leaves them soft and fluffy andmakesthem easy on the feet?&&TMany inferior soaps are made with rosin andwhen you wash woolen socks with them itcauses the socks to shrink and get hard and knotup. Countless hours spent in knitting have beenlost just because the socks have been practicallyruined by improper washing.GRANDMA'SPowderedSoapFollow these directions and you will never have any trouble.Use GRANDMA in luke warm water and wash the socksin the wonderful, suds. Then rinse in luke warm water,shake them out well (do not wring) and hangthem up to dry slowly.GRANDMA is the most economical and finest"all round" household soap that can be used. Youmeasure it out with a spoon no waste. Try it"k Tl A-Jm vrI f3HK-Jr8Ejt W sCywiQwMf5Hrf 5cm Size PackaieeYour Grocer, Haslt, ,rrr. : - . . ,-SThey are demolishing trenches andbarbed wire entanglements. OccaAsionally they are demolishing an. enVepiy ammunition dump. They ' are,beating the Hun backward towardthe Rhine.And over thousands of fertileacres through this broad land thesheaves are likewise falling into theyawning mouths of the threshingmacmnes. streams or golden grainare filling the granaries and elevators. The yield has heen exceptional.Few of the fields that have not set anew production mark. And the priceis better than it has been in many a'decade.Like the shells the sheaves willhelR in beating back the Hun.For not o-nly will they furnish sustenance to the allied armies in thefield they will also contribute materially in furnishing the militantsupplies of warfare. Hand in handthe sheaves and shells, will serve.The farmer has done well his partin production.. He will reap handsomely in, profits upon his season'swork. And having done so he will bein better shape then ever to help hiscountry further through the purchaseof Liberty Bonds.And his country, more than evernow, expects hijm to do this.WE'LL CAN THE KAISER."THE NEWS has been favored witha copy of a new song, entitled,"We'll Can The Kaiser," written byMr. H. P. Christy, operator for theColonial Theatre, in Danville. Mr.Christy composed the words of thesong sopie time ago, and the musicwas composed by Leo Friedman, composer of "Meet Me In Dreamland,"and other noted songs.This song is destined to becomefamous, and Mr. Christy is beingcongratulated on his success as a songwriter. The- song has made 'a bighit in the New York houses, and isbeing sung nightly in several of theChicago jnovie houses, where vocal"ists vary the program. The words"Can The Kaiser" have already beenadopted, as a slogan in many of thepatriotic campaigns in the UnitedStates.AVimSt .?-'.'.-:v,3jCSfci- ".'..- 'A:KTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1918THE BOURBON HEWS, . PARIS, KENTUCKY.PAftii mem... .-7 , ..I McCombs Producing and Refining, Co. !(Incoipbrated voder tlW'Laws'of DiUwin.)FORMERLY McCOMBS OIL COMPANYMBl4.LJL. D-iJ- tJ 0i J IN? Jiwtucu i ruuuuii, rverimngABRAMMCNICK,Paying Companyt -Former Representative of KeotackycUntBPresident Aniericaft Short-Horn BrnedenEiPresident, Pedigreed Live Stock Aaocition ofliMnfeMMt.r A.2. i a-. ,aMOHMKYv3j. ,72 Producing WeHsB. A.CRUTCrIER,Vice-President and CounselCotnniouwca&ir&Attocney for 29 yearnof 2MT Judicial 'Districf & Kentucky;J.C McCOMBS,Treasurer and General ManagerPtadacmlOil Operatorof 3D yaati experienctw .,:jsv . x .-.?'-1 r.V?. Wrv iMtWairtV -v.--.r-'k'&Connected!tiixSSfi-i. ,.-,17,1n iLeases,5y..' - .SSV fsCareftdfy selected largelyAllen Counties, Ey.M'':y . i .&.'-&?- -V-V '."-, Vj-t;-, ,. yS?3&.".ZJt-- &Jtar .- "" -if-' wVv- MJ.3VfeJU" m. m. aTaV LW B H aV am aWarI Mill Barrel KrtmfnrvAlready constructed and ready for immediate operation.?;Cars4 . V-vZJ0v-"it .Ncr-rVl. ... iive'iPurchased with delivery guaranteed on orbefore Octobfer 1, 1918.o rer annumAuthorized Increase of Monthly Dividends of 2 Commencing With October:;v -cJrt-1""""aal3HZ9MS-v$l!nnaiBSHt!WMEKIKSJJwuBSKHHSsSSSi&MBaHEiMSg-gSBPQMiagiHgaijjaaiMiMBiagaaxs5sk.'i -" i&.j- -.. -'-rw" -f5-. - -,wHlr.K ., .-l? .a?'.";'4iic:vTTO 9RBS11K OFilSelrsTHIS.EXPANSION IN XHE PiKPBKTIS AND FACILITIES OFTHE COMPANY IS A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE INIINQI! WITH KSSVUIMj iiKEATER AND STABILIZED JKAKNINC POWKK. THIS WILL BE KEPLSCTKD IH ANAfter September 18, 1918,Stock is Advanced to $2.00 per ShareQJPVSSSMMT PCK $1.50 PE& SHARE.PAR VALUE $1.00 KBR SHARK.xXSEVEN DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATEDWithin Past 2 Weeks WeUs Nox. 70, 71 and 72,. t.-. have been brought in at a production-, in excess of 75 barrek per day eachOur Record:I. On Jovember 20 afcock ahaftcc4-tt pac-rkOO per share, without a single share 4- On Aprjl 10 purchase of 108-acre and 83-acre Spencer and Stovall leases, respect-lvjj goj at'-l&iNtt J oets. ively, m Aflea. Coiinty. The. latter, it will be remembered, adjoining the Johnson farm now... . . , famous by reason of its sensational wells flowing -.oil atithe rate of 1,000 barrels daily.Z On JN.maiy 1. iw timtinn oiyniM6 P cent (1) inonWy . Aridend. " S. Oa May 8 purchase of entire hoWings of Beckett-Iseman Oil and Gas Company.3. Gtov Jasaafy IS purchases ofadWja!e. -! i-ee aad M6ga counties, . B 6. On Jtme 15 stock advanced .to $1.50 per share.tfespejctffefy., .boii of'whidi ate adjacmt lo iwuimJnglf ' 7. Om Jury 31 payment of .fast Vx .monthly dividend.t. On AhuJl IS annoanccntent of ptir chase o 1,000 bbl. retnery and 30 nw att-jrtel tank cars.r-W mcmnW coMtradktioio, hna n4Facts to Consider:by. jay otker company in Kentucky.;. i. , VH ". . M -' Vl"7 ' .' ' "MJW VnfinVnnES SnSBES3V InS SVvCSSatagavrti:of Dppidend rcqniftnwit.!. r.w4. Slack add inv-y- irBag-, a2BBrtonsinnnnnaa-anve3KneBaaaMacfa by coaucxyath nestors.poaUinnh up: to nuMgbt of Wiimi iay, Sept-18, accepted'at $1.50 per,-3??r. v ytiOilABRAM REN1CK, PridentLOWISVILLI, K Y.13, 13W; Cky liftnv taanoav-mMjirinmvannKi Lw--..-X & i -"W n r r rr nw, n nnn n nwnTn fw r r w r . --. . - i-r ji -!- , - TT w 1 - w w w r n n n n r n n n' n n n n n n p' - w w w r n nrFor Quick Results, Call J. D. Hedrick, Paris. Ky. Phone 247r!,;-'"I -y4 'tf " 'vTHE BOURBON OT5WS, PARIS, KY.-T1GE EGHTmstt'TtpJSDAY, SEPTEMBER i7, 191$r-XII II I H4if iril4 ill 4M"M ! I Hi 1 HI! I III 1 !crs THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO I'M1 t8'III The J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMaincartel Sixth, StreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeralj 1 1 1 HIIMI 11 1ill..i.ii4..iMH..MiqMi.iH..i.lMinH.iM..ii..HlH.HiM-TOILLERSBURG ,.,--TjZNlTS.Adella Miller improves"JWi.y. i5Ml0AGScS)0lDe,l",terment followed in the Millersburgdonday with a good attendance Cemetery. The floral tributes wereMillersburg was well represented J d aronriate A lareeat the State Pair at Louisville last otsoSoXg relatives 1weeL- . .. . . .. T,, friends followed the remains to theirf SYBlUJXg. te P3 SMisses Melo-na Butler and Aleta '" "ilfion are attending the Mary Bald- NEW SUGAR REGULATIONS AF-- win Female Seminary at Staunton, I-$Kirjpnia.Br. W. G. Dailey was with hiswife at the Good Sajmaritan Hospital,Cincinnati, Sunday and Monday andxepojis her doing nicely.r The M. M. I. will open Wednes-day. "The student body is coming into-elay.The outlook is good for afull school. Col. Best has refusedseveral' applications. They can only j-sstt-in m th.e event that some fails tosaxrivfe teho -are already Tooked'.Capt and Mrs. T. K. Smith have-moved to the Savage house fromr"Paris. Capt. Smith will be one of jtie faculty of M. M. I. this year.We gladly welcome them back to-MHlersburg and wish the Captainrmuctt k success in his new field of- labor.'- Mr. Rufus Butler, one of thelosers 'ih. the late fire in the Sandusky block, has adjusted his insurance losses and has reopened hisgrocery in the property of I. 0'. 0. F.Xodge, recently vacated by the Rig- tlon pool room. He is again ready toserve Ills friends and patrons.Rev. W. W. Morton, the newpastor of the Presbyterian church,.and family, has arrived from Alabama, and are now stationed in the-, -parsonage, although their householdgoods have not arrived. Rev. Morton- centered bn his church duties Sunday- 3BToraiii& conducting union services- in tie 'evening. "We, gladly welcome'XxtijelrDlnta our" midst.CPTTBL.IC SALE. ' Harris Be"Spea&es will sell at Public Auctionfor Miss Nannie Louise Best on thepremises, Saturday, September 28th,at 2:30 p. m., her 3 desirable -piecesof property located on Main. Street,mMfflersburg, Ky. This property isrjeittrally located and a splendid in--ptTCstment. Will be sold separately9& Uien as a. whole, best bid or bidss accepted.tlifi-lOL-31720)Squire Ak C. Ball and family-roosted Monday from their countrythejoe to the -property recently- pur-cliase&'toy tfcem from the heirs of-SVIrs. Belle Taylor, known as the Tay-' lor house. Mr. Carlton Ball, whoj lias been Government Agricultural" Demonstrator for several years under"the Government, will take charge ofllis father's farm, Squire Ball retiring-.irom active business. We gladly welcome them Xp town.Mr. James M. Thorn, agedr eighty-one, died Saturday at eight a.iu of general debility. Mr. Thorn" Oias been an invalid for severalr:Hths, and it was realized by his-Isnuly and friends that the end was" 3iear. However, not until one week-. prior to his death was he confined to" liis 'bed. From that time on he continued to grow worse. He was one of-rtir most prominent citizens, as well-xas'one of the landmaiks of Millerst i)urg. His entire life was spent in-the community, he having been bur: Vied.'within a few miles from where""he died. He was a thorough Chris'tian gentlepian, and for a long timewas a member of the old Associate"iR-eformvPresbyteiian church, attending worship in what was known asther Qld "Temple. He was one of theLbuildersfcofthe new church when itwas moved to town, and stayed with"it as long as it was in existence.Since tken -he has been connectedwith the Presbyterian.-church. He. was one of a large family of children."Wken quite a bachelor he was united'in marriAe to Miss Frances Payne,-wfeo, vith one daughter, Mrs. Wm.i'Clever. who-has always resided witht ther parents, survive him, one littledaughter having" died at the age of' fcen.yersr He was quite an unas-'timing -man, attentive to t his busi --ee6, interested iKeyerythLagfor thesood of his cccnmunj,ty, a devoutHinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286purposes only.Christian, a' kind, loving husbandand father. The funeral took place'Monday at 10 a. m. fiom His Jate residence, conducted by his former pastor, Rev. A. S. Venable, president ofSayre College, Lexington, assisted byJ Rev.' W. W. .Morton, the new pastorrf tVio PrP5hvfprinTi nhnrnh. The 1n-f tll prPchvtprin.Ti r.hiirnh. The in-EECTING PUBLIC EATINGPLACES.Notice to All Hotels Restarurants,Boarding Houses or Other PublicEating Places in Bourbon County:The name and address of everyhotel, restaurant, boarding house orother eating place, mest be sent atonce to the Food Administrationoffice, North Middletown, Ky.These public eating places arealso required to keep an accurate record of the number of meals servedeach month. This rule must be ob-served. No sugar will be allowedthose places which fail to comply.L, D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County FoodvAdministrator.BUY4.LIBERTYBONDSBIG (&0PS MEAN IESS LABOR.The farmer is now called upon asnever be'fore to bring his soil to itsmaximum yielding capacity. Hemust -seek the most economical meansof attaining this end. He should plannot alone for this year, but for yearsr to. come, for permanent agricultureshould be his aim. He must bothbuild up and maintain productivityof the soil. He must use the land,not abuse it. The aim should be tobuild up the soil now under cultivation. When this is done it is timeto look to idle land. Remember thatit requires less labor to produce 40bushels of wheat on one acre than ontwo. Professor J. W. White, Penn.Exp. Station. ' .fe fe HaWOMEN BUN CURB MARKET.A curb market recently organizedby the women of Miami, FJa., hasproved so successful that the CityCouncil has taken it over as a (municipal enterprise. The plan was worked out by the urban home demonstration agent of the United States Department of Agriculture and theState Agricultural College, togetherwith several of Miami's public-spiritedwomen, in order to give fairerprices to both the housewife and theproducer. A committee co-operates,with near-by truckers in arrangingfor the produce. The truckers areplanting every two weeks in order toguarantee the women a constant sun-ply of fresh vegetables. Fruit, eeers.j butter, cottage cheese, and poultryj are also sold. A fee of 25 cents ispaid by all those selling products,: This oes in to, a general fund for ad-yertising the market-and keeping thestreet clean.TO-DAY, TUESDAY, SEPT. 17Theda Barain "CLEOPATRA"Theda Baraportrays the mostiuve in insiury.WM. DUNCANin the 8th tpisode of'A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"PRICES FOR TODAY- Adults 35c; Children 25c.Morning show at The Alamo at'-rDEATHS.BROWNING t .The funeral of Ollie P. Browning, aged sixteen, who r died of typhoid fever, Sunday, at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesBrowning, was held yesterday afternoon. Services were conducted at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery at threeo'clock by Mr. A. L. Boatright. Heis survived, besides his parents,. byfour brothers, two of them, Julianand Chester,, being seriously ill withthe same disease.JAYNES.The funeral of Miss RebeccaJaynes, aged eighty, who died at herhome Thursday, was held Saturdayafternoo-n at three o'clock at the residence. Services were conducted byher pastor, Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church.Her six nephews acted as pall-bearers,as follows: Wm. F. Warren, Geo., P.Warren, Dr. J. P. Warren, Wm. H.Warren, J. A. Warren and G. L. Warren, all of Lexington, sons of her twosisters, who preceded her to thegrave sopne years ago.&l te fcCORRECT USE OF ENGLISH IMPORTANT. BUSINESS ASSET.(New York Commercial) JDiscussions of the value of schoolsof journalism, literary composition,play writing, &c, have become a r&feular summer feature. Both sidesare right up to a certain point. Nocourse of instruction can turn comimon clay into great poets, philosophers, playwrights or editors; but itis possible to teach any person tofaverage intelligence to express histhoughts in clear and decent English.Our public institutions of learning,as a wnoie, tail to teach pupils tospeak, write and spell the commonlanguage of the country. Whenayoung man or woman applying forwork in a newspaper office is so gifted it almost invariably turns outthat the home circle, and not jt&eschool, deserves the credit. Thereare just enough exceptions to therule to prove that it is possibleitolear English in school. The rightkind of instructors can teach pupilsto speak and write it no matter whatthe nationality and education of theparents may be. The ambition ofchildren is easily aroused by injunctions to talk like a lady or gentleman, and they can be induced to criticize one another's speech out ofschool and appeal to a sypipatheticteacher when they cannot settle thedispute among themselves.It often makes the typesetter blushwith shame, when putting into typesome of the High School graduate'sessays, with the way they butcher theEnglish."' You often hear them saythat punctuation marks have aboutgone into the discard. Let them tryit on a good lawyer, and see how longthey will last. Many a page in a lawbrief has been reprinted on accountof the omission of the compna, period,etc., or the misplacing of same.Higher seats of learning have towaste time and energy in teachingwhat every twelve-year-old childshould know almost by instinct.Careless speech is a great handicap.Most of those who study rhetoric inits various forms at these schools, ofliterature will not become literarylights; but, if the system of instruction is sound, they will acquiretheart of constructing simple sentences,and they will carry thejm far in'business if they fail in art. Sneers at"hacks" are out .of place. Businessmen are seeking stenographers andsecretaries who can avoid tying knotsin the English tongue.mrM mhe Human MachineryWe have headaches and colds, notat all realizing our body is in needof some good pure oxygen.Mechanics take ntuch better care oftlieir machinery than they do of theirown bodies. They know that unlessthe machine is cleaned,- oiled andrested occasionally 'it will not runproperly. How often do they think ofthe importance of caring- for theirhuman machinery? They run it- atthe highest tension, feed it on staleair And imnroner food "and "then be-jcome surprised if itTuns "down.Prices IWEDNESDAY,SEPTEMBER13THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19Enid BennettIN"The Vampire"The story of a plain girl who captured herheart's desire by "dolling up."consumingAdded AttractionsPathe Comedy.Hearst-Pathe News.10 o'clock, jAt the Alamo Children5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At lnf F!aris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults lOc-war tax lcRPT.mTnTTccA large number of Bourbon county people "will go to Richmond onSept. 30 to attend the sessions of theState Convention of the Christianchurch, which will begin there onthat date.The Missionary Society of the Presbyterian church held their firstmeeting in the new church yesterdayafternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Mr. Thos.B. Talbott, formerly of Paris, andnow Superintendent ' of Home Misions, spoke to the members of theSociety on the subject, "Our Opportunity in the Mountains of Kentucky." There was a good attendance,and an interesting meeting.1 isa leiBIRTHS.To the wife of Dr. Robert Shea,of the Peoples' Pharmacy, in thiscity, a daughter; weight, ten pounds;their first child. Mrs. Shea was for-nierly Miss Agnes Mackey, daughteror Mr. ana Mrs. Sam Mackey, ofSouth Main street.AND IT RAINED!Years ago one of the thrillers inthe theatrical world was one of Lincoln J. Carter's tank dramas, "TheWorld," where a shipwrecked sailorexcaims, "Water, water, all around,and not a" drop to drink." Yesterdaythe situation was almost the sapie,Largest Selectionof the Latest and Most BeautifulMen's, Women's and Children's1Just aLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishatLadies' Dark Grey Boots, TurnatLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots :Ladies' Gun Metal EnglishLadies'' Gun Metal,'atAbsolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of Cost PriceBOYS5 AND GIRLSSC HOOL SHOESTHAT VILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESParis' Greatest Shoe 'StoreUfc"TheThe story ofMuttJoker,'only there was plenty of water evento drink.Early yesterday morning a heavyrain storm, accompanied by lightningand thunder, broke over the city. Thejain fell in torrents for several hours.seriously imepding traffic. Workers ontheir way to work were delayed sometime. Water flooded the streets. OhVine street where a large number oftrees had been cut away to makeroom for street improvenients thewater filled the holes to overflowingand flowed in a muddy stream overthe pavements, making the pedestrians' progress a matter of constant interruption. The display of lightningINVESTIGATE;ARROWHEAD OIL COMPANYPresidentJohn W. RichardsonLexington, Ky.Vice PresidentCII l-l. Brown. Jr.Frankfort, Ky.Glenn U. BrooksSec.-Trea3.Only a limited amount off Stock will be sold at parSl.OOper share. For full particulars write, wire or telephone.FRANCIS & COMPANYTelephone 726 First and City Bank Bldg. Telephone3825Lexington, Ky.FallFootwear!Ladies' Boots in High, alsoMilitary Low Heels, inBeautiful Grey, Mahoganyand BlackAT MOST ECONOMICAL PRICESFew of the Many$3.95Men's Tan English, Best Makes, q e AMen's Tan English Walk-Over fc aaand Beacon pO,UlMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, fco AtEnglish ... :.$o.4yMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a A Aing Shoes $4.UU$5.50$4.95Boots djo aqbutton$2.49Boys' Tan Home Guard ShoesatDAN COHENt . v Where Beauty and Economy ReifnV v wGoldwyn PresentsThe Romance of a Perfect -FitMabel NormandINVenus Model"a girl who found a fortune ina bathing Suit.and Jeff in "Ace andand Pathe News.was a vivicf one, while constant pealsof thunder gave one the impressionof a bombardment in. miniature.3 felThe man who grasps at all opportunities to make money sometimespays dearly for the privilege, of letting go.Hindus venerate the common piarigold, and frequently adorn theiridols with wreaths of its goldenflowers.IS 3Is it necessary for us to be tenyears behind other States in roadwork in Kentucky?DirectorEdwin P. MorrowSomerset, Ky.3825-b(-keSpecials$3.49-:.v: ) -Ami