n'ji-?riI-". X-seTHE BOURBON NEWSjPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.lvi ?t.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 4. 1918- '. ,-lc&-j srA'TOBACCO MARKETS.The Bourbon Tobacco 7arehouseo. sold Wednesday 37,160 poundsfor $8,471.63, an average of $22.78.There was a large percent of verywet, fat-stemmed tobacco on thissale -which had the effect of loweringthe average, as these tobaccos arestill discriminated against. Good,dry tobaccos continue in active demand at advanced prices. Some cropaverages follow:Joe Bodkins, 2,995 pounds for$686.15; average $22.91.Layson & Derrickson, 2,195 poundsfor $643.24; average $29.30.Marsh & Day 3,295 pounds for$719.70; average $21.84.Burke, Brent & McDuffy, 3,225pounds for $932.05; average $28.90.Clay & Eldridge, 2,1 8 5 -pounds for$706.56; average $32.33.Reffett & Hard wick, 2,470 poundsfor $516.32; average $20.90.A. S. Thomas & Myers, 4,380pounds for $899.64; average $21.02.Sims & Dearing, 4,750 pounds for$952.14; average $20.03.Burris & Hill, 2,745 pounds for$573.09; average $20.89.Ward & Williams, 4,910 poundsfor $592.99; average $12.07.At the New Independent Warehouse, Wednesday, a total of 17,795pounds was disposed of for an average of $27.07. Crop lots broughtthe following averages:Marsh & Well, 1,540 pounds; average $23.40.Gaitskill & Fuller, 4,105 pounds;average $24.13.Young & Curtis, 2,225 pounds;average $32.82.Woodford & Rankin, 2,075pounds; average $24.00.Clarke & Garrison, 4,300 pounds:average $25.15.The New Independent TobaccoWarehouse Company sold a total of23.605 pounds of tobacco at the saleheld yesterday, for an average of$22.53. Some of the best crop averages follow:J. Li. Horton, 1,075 pounds; average 26.08.Clay & Bramel, 6,020 pounds; average $16.87.Alfred Buckler, 215 pounds; average $25.83.L.. D. Honican, 1,045 pounds, average $22.06.D. C. Neal, 2,095 pounds, average $33.74.Harrv B. Clay, 2,060 pounds, average $27.00.John C. Clay, 1,680 pounds, average $26.18.Highland & Gifford, 3,210pounds: average $20.08.Wetherall, Deaver & Hughes,455 pounds;' average $22.50.Thomason, Burris & Fleming,060 pounds, average $26.48.2,-3,-The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold only two crops atthei sale yesterday, a weight of,5.401 pounds, selling for $1,354.80,at average of $25.04. The crop averages were as follows:T. W. Current, 1.905 pounds, for$56A.6I: average $29.94.Meteer & Dryden, 3.305 pounds,for $748.38; average $22.43.(Continued on Page 7.)J5l PaCOUNTY-BO ABB OV TVOUCATIONHOLDS MEETING.The last meetirg of the Bourbon- County Board of Education underto term of office of Miss Mabel Robbins as County Superintendent ofSchools was held Wednesday. Thosepresent at the meeting were: MissMabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools, Messrs. D. C.Lisle, James Liter, F. F. Burris, J.F. Insrels ard Thos. Padgett, Secretary T. W. Current being unable to" be present 'on account of illness.M'ss Robbins presented her financial report for the past year, whichwas received and accepted by theBoard. Under a decision reached bythe Board to extend the school session from seven months to ninemonths, the extra time will be paidout of the surplus in the treasury.Miss Blakeley, of Jessamine coun.ty, was appointed as teacher for theBethlehcn school. Mrs. G. L. Rice' was selected as trustee of the NorthMiddletown school. The resigna-tions of A. P. Adair, Letton Vimont,James Caldwell and Ben Woodfordas school trustees were tendered--- to the Eoard and accepted. Secre--;tary T. W. Current, and Messrs. Jas.il,iter and F. F. Burris also tendered&heir resignations. This left theBoard without a quorum. Among" other transactions at the meetingivras a statement given out to heeffect that a deficit of $10,000 which-existed in the treasury eight yearsago had been changed to a surplousof $7,000.Miss Robbins retire? from theoffice of Superintendent next Monday, after a term of eight years inwhich the office and its affairs werenever in more capable and competent hands. The new Superintendent, Mr. J.'W'. Caywood, -will assumethe duties of the office on Monday?A LORGE CAPACITYFOR BIG BUSINESSCurrent Statement of Bourbon-AgriculturalRany & Trust Co.Shows Wonderful GrowthBIG SALES OF LIBERTY BONDSOn page four of this issue will befound the statement of the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Company.This is the best statement that thisBank has ever made and it's depositsare $100,000.00 more than theywere at the same date a year ago,notwithstanding: the fact that thecustomers of the Bourbon-Agricul-tural Bank & Trust Co. have subscribed and paid for through the bank$285,000.00 of U. S. GovernmentLiberty Bonds within the last sixmonths.The officials of this bank have beenleaders in the movement to raiseiunos. ior tne support oi tne troy- j 0 MarsnaU and R. M. Gilkey;eminent and this splendid result t,iii, rn,.sD fr.a aianshows the ability of this bank to Coroner Rudolph Davis (reelect-handle large transactions and to take ed Superintendent of Countycare of the interest of its customers. Schools, J. B. Cay wood; Jailer,The large capital $200,000.00 with Thomas Taul; Assessor, Waltersurplus of $125,000.00 and undivided Clark, with J. J. Redmon. deputy,profits of $14,455.12 gives the The new piscaj Court will be corngreatest protection to its depositors sed of tne tollowlnjr Magistrates:of its customed Tno matter what era-1 7i j-i nn n ri nc? -rwrtn k n ti r -rrTiirrk.rrtntditions may arise. The BourbonAgricultural Bank and Trust Co. hasnot only been successful in increasing its banking business, but withinthe last year has added very largelyto its business as a Trust Companyand many large estates have beenentrusted to its care.For the first time in the history ofthe banking business in BourbonCounty, the Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company, of Paris, is theproud custodian of individual deposits in excess of One Million Dollars. PR W PRCOMMENDS BOURBON COUNTYCANDIDATE FOR SPEAKERThe 1918 session of the KentuckyLegislature will convene at Frankfort on next Monday, January 7,for a sixty-days' term. Bourboncounty will have two candidates forelection to office in this General Assembly, Hon. Claude M. Thomas forSpeaker of the House, and Lauthman Woods, son of Mrs. JackWoods, "of Paris, who seeks a pageship. Of Mr. Thomas' ,candidacy.The Mt. Sterling Advocate, underthe heading xl "Elect ThomasSpeaker" says editorially:"Hon. Claude M. Thomas, from ourneighboring county of Bourbon, is acandidate for Speaker of the House,which will convene in regular session on next Monday."That such a man should aspirefor such a place speaks well for theever-growing sentiment in Ken-,tucky, for better men and betterthings. Mr. Thomas is a gentleman .by birth, a scholarly lawyer and .one of the best parliamentarians inthe State. That he will have noequal in the coming session of the;legislature, in point of qualifies-1tions, few will seriously question.In public life he has always stood for jLolean politics, and both in private-and public life has always beenupright and honorable. Like allright-thinking men, he believes theliquor traffic is indefensible; yet thedistilleries of the State, (althoughclaiming the liquor question is settled, since all sides have agreed toa submission of State-wide prohibition), are making a most determined fight against Mr. Thomas and asalways, have the active support oftheir faithful friend, Mr. Stanley.This very fact makes us feel thatthe question is by no means settled,as regards a submission of the question and that it behooves the temperance people of the State to beup and doing. Mr. Thomas ought towin the Speakership without a congest, and those who oppose him,prove conclusively, that they arenot wanting a high-minded man ofrArornr7ea fairness nad splendidability."-e IB IBHAY WANTEDClover Hav wanted.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(dec28-3t)5S 1 1PARIS BOWTJNG LEAGUE CLOSESACTIVE SEASON.Although the bowling seasan atthe Fordham Alleys practically closed with the games played at the en-Jof the schedule, the boys could notresist the temptation to take justone more whack at the alleys. TheCurtis Henry & Co. team took a fallout of their opponents, the R. P.Walsh team, taking two out of threagames. The contest was for secondmoney in the League series, which'jwas awarded the Henry team.The members of the teams willhave a farewelf luncheon at theFordham, Monday nightM The affairhad been planned for last Wednesday night, but was postponed because of the absence unavoidably ofseveral members.NEW OFFICIALS TO TAKEOFFICE NEXT MONDAY.The reins of the city and countygovernment will be turned overnext Monday by the officials Thohave held them for the past 'termsto their successors, who were nominated at the August primary, andelected at the regular election4, inNovember. - l another column appears theMayor John T. Hinton will !be semi-annual statement of the Farmsucceeded by Police Judge eP B. ers & Traders' Bank, which showsJanuary; Magistrate Ernest Martin tn&t financial institution to be onawill become Police Judge; Chief of of the most popular banking housesPnifA TTreri TJnlc will succeed . him- in this section of the Bluegrass.self with tne following -patrolman:George W. Judy, Robert Lusk and men s tne item oi individual deGeo. M. Hill, succeeding former pa- Posits of $198,486.74. This is atrolmen James Moreland and J. W. very great source of gratification toKing. the officials, as it shows the inereas-The countv offices will be filled S popularity of their bank it be-by the following, who will take theoath of office Monday: DnK started neoruary u, yt.County Judge, George Batterton; , with a deposit of $49,073.24, andCounty Attorney, David Cline; with this statement shows an inCounty Clerk, Pearce Paton (re- crease in less than two years ofelected): Sheriff." Wm. G. McClin- ?159,413.50r The gross earnings- tock, with the following deputies: iParis- L- J- Fret-?.I: ?ndaie Mllto. IR. O. Turner: Millersburg, E. P.Thomason; Little Rock. R. M. Burris: North Middletown, John S.Talbott; Clintonville, Lee Stephenson; Hutchison, John S. Wiggins;Centerville, John N. Shropshire. ,te PiBOWLPTG LEAGUE.rne ionowing is a list or tne gen. ., . . ... ... Ieral averages maae Dy memDerS Ottne nve team composing tne Jbeague ,who played in all the games through j Days' Drive" to raise $900 to supthe season. The averages ranged ' piement the ?1,680 they gave lastfrom 98 to 167. Thomas Funk, of October. The management desiresthe Bourbon Laundry team made the j that the white people will encouragahighest average, while Louis Me- their help by explaining to the-.iglone came on low speed with 98. tneir duty their need of it and juThe averages were as follows: Uvhat they have there. They willT. M. Funk, 167; D. Thomas, I raise the nine hundred dollars with164; E. L. Shankland, 162; John a little encouragement from us byHill, 158; B. Jones, 156; M. B. urging our help to register as one ofJackson, 156; Fred Burgin, 156; j the 900 persons who will give oneCurtis Henry, 155; W. E. Clark, I dollar.j.b4; j3 v. uougias, & isr j.Santen, 154; W. B. Faulkner, 152;Wm. Taylor, 151, A. E. Swearingen, 151; O. T. Gibson, 150; Geo.Determan, 146; Ed. Woods, 143; J.G. Denton, 142; H. M. Bridges, 142;W. R. Harper, 142; B. Posner, 141;W. E. Kane, 139; Wm. Sadler, 135;C. Huffman, 133; Clay Bedford,132; H. Ewalt, 131-; H. West, 124:H. Santen, 115; Lewis Meglone, 98.WE KNOWfOLD MMIs Still Here, andYou Must HaveWARRfCLOTHINGTo Keep ComfortableWhether it is an Overcoator a Suit of Clothes thatyou need, we can supplyyour wants. We are showing some mighty good values in MenJs Suits at$15.00$18.00and$20.00Clothing with good weightand good dependable woolcloth. . Let us fit. you in aSuit or Overcoat now, asIthe prices are much lower than they will benext winter,and it is money saved to buy now.Woolen Underwearand theDuofold Health Underwear vYou you will find here in separate garments and unionsuits. Try a pair of Dr. Reed's Cushion Shoes. No coldfeet when you wear these shoes.I MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREJ!;, , ,mm,iM.M .1A PROSPEROUS INSTITUTIONMAKES TREMENDOUS STRIDES'DepositsIncrease $149,413.50 InLess Than Two Years.One of the featuies of this state-ng less than two years old. Thefor the past six months is $6,731.30The above figures are remarkablefor a bank with a capital of $60,000.00, and not yet two years old.However, no business house couldhelp-but succeed when such men asare at the head of it. The officerare: Frank P. Kiser, President; S.Ii. Weathers, Vice-President; W. W.i.. -T'l .T'.w Jnn W "'"kes, Assistant Cashier.The Directors, who are our mostsubstantial farmers and businessmen, certainly used good judgmentin the selection of its officers.Read over the statement, which isgiven in detail on another page ofto-day's Nw? (it)?5i ?Si fel"WYRTV TtAVS Tm.TVT?J. V J.K J. "M ATlio nnlnmil normlo of "Pari nndBouurbon county have on a "ForfyNearly kooo autos licensed DURING 1917. -During the year of 1917 the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles, atFrankfort, issued 47,414 automobilelicenses, 1,450 motorcycle -licensesand 2.000 chauffeur licenses. Thedepartment collected ?190,000.&WINTERS Copyright.Wl?Hi nil innwSIM :nnr55?ffl! raw i wtliuM-'BETTER LOOK OUT! THE INCOMEUUliLiUTOH COMLrtG! ,!You won't have to figure out your 'own income tax all by yourself-hereafter. The government is goinfls. AdmiiaBle Record Attained Byhj ociiu uul men iu Help JUU. JLIwill be up to you to hunt up thesemen, who will "be sent into every.'county seat" town, and some othertowns besides, to meet the people.The government's income tax man'.. omATw r....,will be at the court house in Paris A SXEADT HEALTHY GEOWTH:from January 14 to 26. He will j .answer your questions, swear you to Ithe return, take your money, and re-p V statement of the Peoples Dtmove the wrinkles from your brow. oslt B.a?k Trut Company, at thReturns of incomes for 1917 must SSffSSSStSmaae Between January i ana marcn posit& of $1,015,847.64, a most ef 1J1S- markable showing, and reflects great"'Pita flntra-r-nm trnnrr-n Sinn C1r1 -j;j- J.T-I 11 .1 I t vlector of Internal Revenue Haly said,"that many persons experience agood deal of difficulty in filling outincome tax formf. It recognizes,,too, that taxpayers resident at pointswhere collectors' officers are noteasily accessible find it hard to. getproper instruction in the law. Nextyear, when every married personliving with wife or husband andhaving a net income of $2,000,. andevery unmarried person not the headof a family and having a net incomeof $1,000 for the year 1917 mustmake return of income on the formprescribed, there, will be hundreds inevery community seeking light onthe law, and help in executing theireturns. My own and every othe"collection district in the Nation willbe divided into districts, with thecounty as the ucit, and a government officer informed in the inco-netax assigned to each district. Hewill spend hardlyjless than a weekin each county, and in some countsa longer time, very likely in thecourt house at the county seat townIn cities where there are collectors'branch offices, he will be there, andin other cities possibly at the cityhall. My office will in due time advise postmasters and bankers andsend out notices to the newspapersstating when the officer will be ineach county. It will be unnecessaryfor prospective taxpayers to ask myoffice for forms on which to make returns. .The officer who visits theircounty will have them."It may be stated as a matter ofgeneral information that 'net income' is the remainder -after substracting expenses from gross income, Personal, family, or living expense is not expense in the meaningof the law, the exemption being allowed to cover such expenses."The new exemption of $1,000and $2,000 will add tens of thousands to the number of income taxpayers in this district, inasmuch aspractically every farmer, merchant,tradesman, professional man andsalary worker and a great manywage workers will be required tomake return and pay tax."The law makps it the duty of thtaxpayer to seek "out the collector.Many people ar1' i that if an income tax form i -t sent, or a government officer -s not call, thevare relieved fPn making report,his is decidedlv in error. It is thenher way round The taxpayer haso go to the government and if hedoesn't within Ve time prescribed,he is a violator of the law, and thegovernment will go to him with itspenalties."- fe lEiTVHLDItE"0 TWPTTvrft r "THEMAREIAG" "SOULATION."Mildred Manning, popular andalented Vitagraph star, has fewequals in versatility, playing emotional comedy or character partswith equal facility. She is a NewYork girl and at an early age succumbed to the lure of the stage.Miss Manning gained a wide andvaried experience, being in musical"omedy, when an eminent photoplaydirector induced her to come to theilent drama. Joining Vitagraph,her advance was rapid and she wasselected to co-star with Marc Mac'Dermott in the Blue Ribbon Feature "Mary Jane's Pa.'.She takes a leading part withWalace MacDonald in "The Marriage Speculation," the Greater Vitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature, whichwill be the attraction in the Alamomheatre and Grand Opera House.Saturday, January 5th. She is thejirl who leaves ner country sweetheart and, for an education and introduction into society, agress tomarry a rich man who will take".are of her benefactor.Charles Kent, has the role of thebenefactor, who when the time arrives, releases the girl of her obliTation to him and gives Tier back toher sweetheart.?sisa isU S. MAY C0"srrH0T, TELEPHONES AND TELEGRAPHS.Government control of telephonesind telegraphs may be the nextstep toward nationalization of industry, according to informationsent out from Washington. Manytelephone companies, "unable to dobusiness, have asked for, rate raisesrecently."OVER 0NE;HIELI0N-,IN CASH DEPOSITS'Peoples- Deposit Bank & TrustCompany credit on this old and reliable banting institution. The above named" deposit is nearly double the amount ofdeposits of this bank as of JulyK1914,after the Deposit Bank and: thPeoples Bank were merged into thepresent strong financial institution.Since that time this bank has- showna growth in annual deposits of from$100,000 to $200,000, the amountsteadily climbing until to-day thegratifying showing of $1,015,847.64n individual deposits is attained, amost enviable record.The Peoples Deposit Bank & TrotCompany is officered by some ofBourbon's most conservative and suee "ful financiers, farmers and business men, and the remarkable growthof this institution is due to their conservatism and business foresight. Thetrust department of: this bank is proving a most popular addition, andfriends and customers of the PeopleDeposit Bank & Trust Company areavailing themselves of the satisfactory service rendered in this department. Elsewhere (on page four) in this,issue of THE BOURBON NEVS willbe found the condensed statement ofthe Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany, at the close of business onDec, 81, 1917. It is a most interesting tabje of facts and should 1carefully read by every business maatin the county.bollowing will be found a list ofthe officers and directors of ifecPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Company, all tried and successful business men, and a persual of theirnames can but inspire absolute confidence in the financial institution vrifkwhich they are connected, and whiclihas shown such wonderful growtkthe past few years:President S. E. Bedford.Vice President G. W. Wilder.Cashier C. K. Thomas.Bookkeepers Geo. Doyle, JW. TlBryan and W. S. Arnsparger."Directors Edw. Burke, J. W.Jacoby, Edw. Blake, E. H. Gorey, S.E. Bedford, Duncan Bell, E. M.Costello, Robt. Meteer, C. K. Thomas,F. P. Campbell, E. M. Dickson, Geo.W. Wilder and H S. Caywood.PARIS MAM" TO BE WITH 3ffT.STEELPTG BANKMr. Robert Collier, of Paris, &member of the Bourbon Lumber Co.,and brother of Mepsrs. Peale Collier,of the same company, and Mr.,i.Frank Collier, of Paris, has been se-nected as Assistant Cashier of tbsMt. Sterling National Bank. A better selection could not have beenmade: The Mt. Sterling Advocatesays:"Mr. Robert Collier, of Paris, formerly of this city, has been chosenssistant Cashier of the Mt. Sterling National Bank to succeed Mr.W. L. Kilpatrick, who has been promoted to the cashiership of thissplendid institution. Mr. C. B. Patterson, Cashier for several yearahaving resigned to take a positionwith the Chemical National Bank ofNew York City."Mr. Collier will assume "Bis duties about the 15 th of JanuaryMr. Collier was connected with theMonarch Milling Co., of this city,for several years, and is a competent, high-class gentleman and wewelcome him back home again andcongratulate the bank upon itssplendid selection."REAL ET4TE DEALS.Mrs. E. B. Hedges has leased herframe cottage on Stoner avenue toMr. J. W. Day, of Cynthiana, wbowill move his family here. Mr.Day will open an automobile sales700m here soon.Mr. James H. Haggard purchasedof Mr. and Mrs. George W. Ellis,of Paris, their suburban home located on the Clintonville pike, containing ten acres of land, for $6,- -500.The purchaser will be given."possession April 1, 1918. Mr. and"Mrs. Ellis will move to Paris to-T-eside.Mr. Haggard recently purchased the I. D. Thompson farm, onthe Clintonville pike.THE GIRLS' ORPHWAGE, ATONEIDA BURNED.The little girls orphanage ofOneida Institute, the famous schoolfounded by "Burns of the Mountains," at Onedia, Ky., was partiallywrecked by fire Wednesday afternoon, -necessitating the removal ofthe institute to Anderson Hall.The fire caught between the floorand ceiling of one of the roomthe second floor and muolt diffceukywas experienced in brintimig It mder c otr ol. jrtfl3F. .Turr ttt MMaaMsa-4VPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.friday, January; 4, 1918.i'XiA.;-jT.THE BOURBON NEWSssixhH 1RR1 35 vr. f r.n1881-35tlnuous Publication. j Kentucky 'cities, have been com-n 'plaining of the shortage of gas dur-ing' the cold spells that have been. bIJhed BVJL '"?Sd a"d FridAy;' afflicting this section. The pressurer icai. . .?.w oii xuoutua. . .x.uuPayable in AdvancedWIFT CVIAMP, Editor and OwnofAny erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation which,aay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected l brought to attention of theUtor.ADVERTISING RATES"Display Advertisements, $1.00 pertnch"for .Trst time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-each Issue; reading notices in blackr type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl-.dates, obituaries and resolutions, and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisevments and yearly contracts.-The right of publisher is reserved-to '-decline any advertisement or other""iciatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.. v' . EDITORIAL MUSINGS.--Oar New Year Resolves.' In view of the fact that it is customary for everyone to make a setof resolutions for the coming year,which, of course, will be followedout or adhered to with more or lessfidelity to purpose, THE NEWS hasdecided to adopt the following-schedule in the hope of being able' to stick to it during 1918: .. 1 To keep sweet.2 To boom business for Parisand THE NEWS.3 To stand by our guns and helpthe people of Paris to do anythingthat will be for the good of Paris.and our people.u - 4 To tell only half wre know and-xtrust to luck for the rest.. . . 5 To ventilate evilseven if we-. t'get licked twice a day for it." 6 To work for our town, ouri -; people and our county.-7-To be moderate in commonv'--things and hasty in but few.g To lose no opportunity of im. proving the local news service ofTHE NEWS as long as we can se. vcure the -co-operation of our people.'O- 9" x worii every day since weisee no way out of doing so., " io To be on time and give yout tthe newsiest paper in Paris. We- Iiave never missed an issue in thir-iv ty-six years, and don't propose io do- so now.11 To meddle with no one and. to tell you all the news that we can jset hold of in a legitimate way.12 To give, the business fnen ofJ T1. .!,., nmmfir ll Q HostParis and Bouruon county uie uvzi.k. -Avertisincr medium in the city orIon -county. We've already taken aKm "step in that direction.: 13 To make everyone that takes fTHE NEWS so deuced glad of a- good thing that they'll recommend.it to their neighbors and send it---to their friends, here, there anaelsewhere.-"" 14 To come to you first, toyou the most and please youbest, or in other words, first-hews, best for home and goodtelltheforfor- 377500 NURSES NEEDEDFORCOMING U. S. ARMY.TefimqfAc Viocofl nn nn armv of 1.rtA nnA - nZ i,of i7 km TiursAsWill be BNded Tin the nue. ' . ThS T an enrollment-m-of nearly l.OO'O per cent, over'" "the present membership o 3,800.V-o nrolUnents some, pf the re-- -V'0. el ,;''"!" W1,ived"XrnVurtes'eTbl' employ -woiueu ""r-i on United states nospitut ou.xya&r the first lime m history.Theformerly the Wardliner,JftnaifortjSriina, mad ie Mercury, formerly we qo not iuiow wimu u -fXa.ratoea will noon be ready for pened,J?ut something appears tov - . ,rioWAKE BETTER -GAS, SERVICE. !The people of Paris, in commonwim inepeopie 01 otner uentrai.J has been fairly good in Paris for thepast few jlays, but might be better.The Mt. Sterling Gazette has thefollowing in its last issue regardingthe situation, which seems to ,boworse in other places than in Paris:"With a view of making some permanent arrangements, or takingsome definite steps against the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Companywhich furnishes iliel' to Winchester,Mt. Sterling, Frankfort, Paris andLexington, a meeting of the attorneys of these cities will be held atFrankfort in the near future. Mr.R. A. Chiles, City Attorney of Mt.Sterling, is '"responsible for the action. 'It has been my observationthat for the last four or five yearson a very cold spell there is ashortage of gas and an over-amountof air pressure, for which the public has to pay,' he says. "There arealso profuse apologies by the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company ana mat is as tar as it goes.There is never any reduction or deduction in the bills, and it seemsthat we have to pay for cold air,just as well as 'hot air.'"The meeting of the attorneys willprobably result in some permanentrelief, not only during this winter,but in winters to come."TO AILING WOMEN.A Little Sound Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer In Paris.No woman should consider herselfhealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that pass off in thesecretions, when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is aften thocause of bearing-down pains, lameness, backache, etc. Uric poisoningis also frequent cause of headaches,dizzy spells, langour, nervousnessand rheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan'sKidney Pills, a remedy that hasproven effective in thousands ofsuch cases. Let a Paris wonian tellof her experience.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 EighthStreet, says: "I have used Doan'sj Kidney Pills, getting them -from theArdery Drug Co. and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint.'Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Fosler-MilburnCo., Manufacturers, Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)Fa T51 sTHE CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADESTOPS TRADING IN CORN.All trading in corn or trading instore bv grade alone in Chicago inthe month of December was orderedstopped by the Board of Directors ofthe Board of Trade. A committeewas named to fix a price at whichexisting contracts will be settled. Itwas explained that the action of theBoard was merely to clear up existing contracts,' as trading in December corn virtually ceased sixty daysago.Ea la PaTWENTY SHOW HORSES BRING$22,365 EOR RED CROSS.Twenty show horses from Jamesrox Brady's stable were auctioned"off at New York for the benefit ofthe Red Cross for an aggregate of$22,365,' of which $18,150 was paidfor eight hackneys. Fifteen of theanimals were prize winners and thehighest price was paid for the imported English hackneys King Pireon and Hamilton Regal, purchasedv.-.!- Trk1-T TJ TVmivmcrnTi nf P.hifiasro.,f 13 10Q! ' -la ps pa! THE AUTOMOBILE VERSUS THEMUTUlv JBUAJL.Owning both an auto and a motorboat," says a writer in the Januaryjissue of MoToR BoatinG, "there isno question in my mind .that I derivetmore pleasure from the boat than' from the auto."In the first place the auto is limited to six or seven guests, while youcan sive pleasure to .double thisnumber with the average motor boat,and the old saying is 'The morethe merrier.' "The auto is confined to narrow,dusty and frequently very roughroads upon which the driver mustkeep his eyes lestthe machine bewrecked. On the motor boat thereis so little restriction that the ateers-man may enjoy the outing as muchas the passengers or guests, as then,is always some one along who isI able to steer and give the owner ro-'liex. On the auto in most cass thewAr rinps .ill the work and gets the-least pleasurefaKWe do not know what has nap-- nave suppressed vjoiouui kuosuvch.PARIS TURHS TJPUWITH&iDIA-Did you .know, gentle reader, thatParis (Ky.) bids fair torjLva! thefame of Georgia which gave JoelChandler Harris to the world of dialect, or of Indiana, where the immortal Whitcomb Riley gave to theworld those charming dialect poemsthat have made the world hisdebtor?Their rival is a Paris citizen,Thomas Ahearn, soldier of fortune,traveler, former newspaper man andgood all-round fellow, who servedseveral years in the service of theUnited States as a soldier in thePhilippines, and who was for severalyears in the newspaper business inConnecticut. In the course of hismusings one dreamy night while onguard duty in the far-distant Phil-Lippines, Ahearn, thinking of goodold times in his 'fold Kentucky home,drafted the following dialect poem,which will appeal to every true-bornKentuckian and Southern sportsman,who knows from experience thepleasures of the chase. Ahearn hascaught the true spirit of the timeswhen the colored man pursued the'possum and the coon, and hasthem in a measure that has alllilt of the South in it.THE MOON-MAN.(Written by Thos. Ahearn.)LettheWhen de shadows am a-creepin',An, de Moon-Man am a-peepin'Tru de maples at de lakelet jus' below, I think I lieah him a-sayin'"Don' yuh heah dem coon dogs a-bayin?'Tis de night fob possum huntin'Won' you go?"Now his silver light's a-beamin'Ait' its soft rays am a-streamin'Makin' silver pencils on mah cabinflo'.De scene am so bewitchin'Dat mah nehves dey git tulitwitchin''Tis de night fob possum huntin'T'ink I'll go!Ez I gaze out "tru mah winuuli,On de autumn night ub splenduhAn' see dem shumacks a-baskin fh.de glow,My thoughts begin tuh wandahTo de woodland ober yondah'Tis de night fuh possum huntinrYes, I'll gofHow dem blue wing ducks do scurryFruni de lakelet in deir hurry,Frum dis Nimrod, ez ah run alongde sho' . ..Poh mah coon dogs am a-yellin'At er vahmint dat's propellfn'Tow'de his home ermong de maplesLet 'em go!Phew! de new day is mos' dawninT.An' de Moon-Man he say, "Goodmahnin' !Ez de drops behind de (maple jus'. below,Whah ah captured ancient DahbyWho urns' a-been a bahbyWhen his ma got on de shipWid Uncle Noah.-A hoodoocoon.Ea lsa &aWORKING A EAKE CHARITYSCHEME OE IMPOSTERS.Residents of Paris and Bourboncounty are warned against extendingcharity to a bunch of professionalbeggars who are headed this way.Word to that effect -was received hereSaturday from Frarkfort and fromGeorgetown, where these impostershave been working the farmer'swives especially.According to the information received hefe the latest' scheme employed by these people is to hitch upa disreputable-looking horse tot aa disreputable-looking horse to afarm house, offer soap for sale, andwhen they get inside the house, tobeg for everything in sight. One ofthe women who is working thisscheme claims to come from Mt. Sterling or Winchester.Upon being offered employmentthey- decline, saying they are notstrong enough to work, and are trying to make their way back homo.They evade direct answers as towhere their homes are. Charity organizations in other places haveturned them down as imposters, andthe warning is sent to Parisaheadof them, if they are not alrady heres Ps 1THRIFT STAMPS.It is pointed out by the TreasuryDepartment that Thrift Stamps arenot made redeemable in cash for thereason that these stamps are simplyintended as a convenient method forthe small savers to accumulateenough to purchase War SavingsStamps, which bear interest and areredeemable in cash.In addition, to provide for redemption for these Thrift Stampswould involve such an amount ofdetailed accounting and labor ondexpense as to impair the practicability of their use. In fact, theywould be more trouble and expenseto the Government possibly thanthey are worth.isa t lasIt isn't necessary the army cookwho sees" to it that the raw recruitgets good and roasted. ;jss m mYou never can Hell. The bleached.blonde with a light head may haveua- neavy neart. . vNEW RULESFOIMTTJiERS.4! Mr. B. M. JRenick,- of,., sthe ParisMilliner .Company. , furnishes TheKentuckian-Citizen withthe following reprint irom uec. do issue oMilling and Grain News, referring ttthe higher extraction flour:"The Milling Division of the U. S.Food Administration issued radicachanges and new regulations undeidate Dec. 18. Higher extractionflour, with prices formfeed and newpackage differentials are the important features. The special rules follow: "Rule 17: No licensee engaged inthe business of milling flour and f eecfrom wheat shall, after Dec. 25, 1917,use more than 264 pounds of 58pounds per bushel or heavier cleanwheat in making 196 pounds of 100per cent flour. From the 100 percent flour- so produced the licenseemay at his option remove and sellor deliver as a separate product notmore than 5 per cent of clear or lowgrade flours; the remaining productrepresenting 95 per cent or more ofall the flour produced shall .not besubject to further separation or division. , None of the above flours somilled shall be mixed with or sold asfeed. All contracts outstanding onDec. 25 1917, which cannot be performed by the delivery of flour thenin stock, or for grades of flour whichcannot thereafter be milled underthis rule shall be canceled: provided,however, that the buyer may at hisoption secure the re-entry under thesame terms and conditions of anamount equivalent to the unshippedportion of his order, ttt the new basisof price; provided, further, that thelimit of exercising this option shallexpire within ten days after this rulebecomes effective."Rule 18: The licensee shall on andafter Dec. 25, 1917, establish from ltime to time a price at which he jwill sell each grade of flour manufactured by him, in carload lots, fora period" of twenty-four hours aftersuch price isestablished, and, untila new price is established by the licensee, all flour sold shall be sold atsuch established price, excepting that,in making a price to meet competitionof mills in various territories, -therange of prices to different carloadbuyers or classes oi carload buyersfor direct shipment from mill, maynot exceed twentv-five cents ner bar- ?rel bulk at the mill Each invoiceshall show bulk price f. o. b. mill,and. there shall appear thereon allproper charges incurred by the termsof sale."Rule 19: No. licensee engaged inthe business of milling flour and feed ifrom wheat shall after Dec. 25, 1917, lsell wheat mill feed at any price inexcess of the following prices:'" V2f ???Aii J oo -'"""'shall exceed 38 per cent of the aver-acre cost to such mill of one ton-pwheat at the mill, which cost of wheatshall be the average cost as shownby -the previous month's records ofsaid mill and shall include the 1 percent Administration Fee paid by themill on all wheat ground."1CS T5JBREAKS A COLD INPEW HOURS TRY IT!Eirst Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundRelieves Al Grippe lMisery.Don't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of "Pape's Cold Compound" taken every two hours until three dosesare taken will endv grippe miseryand break up a severe cold either inthe head,. chestr body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up, nostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge of nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverislmess,sore throat, sneezing, soreness andstiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known , andcosts duly a few cents at drug scores.It acts without assistance, tastenice, and causes no inconvenience.Don't accept a substitute. (adv)-iss Kl 151Little Angel Present.A primary teacher, adiuoitishing little Ann, who usually was- a modelchild, for misconduct, said : "I thoughtI had a little angel in the room. Nowwhere is she?" Little Betty, on theother side of the room, stood up meekly and shyly answered : "Here I is."THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I -vasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who haj used it.' Obtainable everywhere.(.auv-janjProfessional Cards.WML GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK' BUJLD1NG.PHONE 138.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatron.Attention to;i .AX,HOT-AND' COM, BATHS.jTOPxIjUMRAG'a PAIN,-?RTO!BACACEE AWAY.Jistantl Relief 1 Limber Up! RubfcvPain; Soreness, Stiffness RightOut With "St. Jacob'sLiniment."When your back is sore and lameJor lumbago, sciatica or-neuritis hasyou stiffened up, don't suffer! Get asmall trial bottle of old, honest "St.Jacob's Liniment" at any drug store,pour a little in your hand and rub itright into the pain or ache, and bythe time you can count fifty, th3soreness and lameness is gone.Don't stay jcrippled! This soothing, penetrating liniment takes theache and pain right out and endsthe .misery. It is magic, yet absolutely harmless and doesn't burn ordiscolor the skin.Nothing else stops lumbago, sciatica and lame back misery so promptly and surely. It never fails.(adv)For Sale.No. 1 Clover Hay.R. F. COLLIERCumberland Phono 540.Home Phone 79.(l-2t)l'''" ILJJCTT1 J 1 .-.. I .-rCTFor Sale.Small grocery; in good location;doing first-class business; proprietorchanging to other line of business.Call at this office.(l-4t)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. .MITCHELL, Cashier--td)0 Yon Wear Glasses?ir bo. are you satisfied that theyhave been fitted to your eyes inl J- J,jT " q,ToaFiuaak uuu yi uy&i juuuugi .jtiave mey given your eyes maxrelief whichwould?"you expected theyAre your eye muscles .following,their natural Iawa as they should do jwith correctly fitted glasses? JWould you' like my opinion? rI will give it to you willinglyFREE OF CHARGE.My system of eyesight testing hasno superior.DR. W.. R. FRANKLIN,520 Mam St, Paris, Ky.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Deposit 'and Peoples Bank," of Paris, Ken-tucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday; January 7, 1918,between the hours of & a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the en-1suing year. 'SILAS E. BEDFORD1, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.4-td)Farms Vnr SaU'Monday' January 7' 1B18A CS.I Ifll2 J. Jk fcJC3.C at the front door of the court house,.fn Paris, Ky., about the hour of 11.We have for gale a large num-1 o'clock a. m., will sell at publicber of highly productive, well-.locateci iarms, ranging m sizefrom fifty to four Jiondred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikes JInterurban ser-vice to JLouisviiiie, excellentv -m . .water and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlyorouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrangc, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumb. Phonee So-J and 37-W.(novl6-fcfi)AlwaysThe CheapestBest Matches, box ScLenox Soap, bar . . 5cMacaroni, pkg 5cBest Toilet Soap, bar 5 cGrand Pa Soap, bar. . .- 5cCorn Flakes, pkg 1 OcSugar Corn, can 15cTomatoes, can . . . 1 5cSoups, per can 1 OcBaked Beans, per can 15cBusyBeeCashStoreWanted.Small family to take charge ofCounty Exchange. "Widow withdaughters preferred. Splendid opportunity to right parties.PARIS HOME TELEPHONR& TEIEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)(25-4t) ,Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Ky.f will meetat their banking house on Tuesday,January 8, 1918, between the houmof 9:00 a. m. and 3:00 p. ni., toelect directors for the ensuing, year.W. W. HALEY, President.4-td) t.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's p&aeemger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitateIng a removal to Lexington, I deeirto dispose of my residrnce at the corner of Main and Second streets, laParis, at private saleThin isa substantial brick houstwo-stories, has six large rooms:sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sidaand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for tapurchaser. It is in nrst-clasa shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12 & Mais. Street.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to ttfollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and? the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 win receive 2"year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,,either for $2. I will also- make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MRS. O. P. CARTERvJR.Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Master's SaleOFParis City Property IBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.J. T. HINTON, Plaintiff:Vs. Notice of Sale.. XTALLEN HARRIS, Defendant, Under and hy virtue of a judg?,ment and order of sale rendered ati the November term, 1917, of theBourbon Circuit Court in the above.styled action therein pending, the' undersigned Master Commissioner onauction to the highest and best bid-! der, thefollowing described prop-erty:A certain lot of ground with astwo-story frame house thereon sit-lirLi.r.ii iii rT. i. rvv. i uiii ink ib jj.w t otn nrZJyJZ.onback toward the Georgetcwii pikethe same1 width as in front, 139&feet, and is the upper half of the lot:conveyed by Allan Bashf ord. and wif eto Jacob Lloyd and Daniel JMaxk, bydeed of record in Deed "Book" 55,page 1'27, Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, the interest of said Mark hairing been conveyed to said "Lloyd bydeed recorded in Deed Book 56, page301, same office, and is the sameproperty conveyed by Jacob Lloyd.and Sarah. Lloyd, his wife,, to BeftieLloyd (now Josie Pennington! byj deed recorded in the Bourbon Countyj Clerk's office, Deed Book 70, page.! 17 7. v.vA is the same property conveyed to the first parties by TosiftPennington and J. Di Penningtonher husband, by deedi recorded insame office in DeejS Bookpage .Said sale will be saade upon thecredits of six anci twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute two bonds withgood surety to be approved by theCommissioner, for equal parts of thpurchase money,, due six and twelremonths from date of sale and bearing interest at the rate of six percent, from date of sale until paid,said bonds to have the force andeffect of judgments, with a lien retained upon the property to securepayment of same. The purchaserwill have the privilege of payingcash at any time before maturity ofbonds and stop interest.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtedmeeaof the Peoples Building & Loan Association in the sum of $56.70, subject to a credit of 57.85, and alsothe lien indebtedness of J. T. Hinton, in the sum of $310.45, togetherwith interest at six per cent, fromMarch, 1916, the total debt, interestand costs being estimated- as of theday of sale at r- dollars. fcO. T. HINTON,M, 0, S, C, C,Cdec21-28-jan4)-Ar-iIi4such service.5!'VV .FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, RlPAGE THXEEiiliTHIS KENTUCKYWOMAN OFFERS- ALLTHE FACTSTells- How Tanlac Made Her PeelAs Well As She Ever Did. -"I took eight bottles of Tanlac inall and I'm feeling as well now as Iever did in my life," said Mrs. Luther Martin, 509 Madison street,Louisville, Ky."For two years I was botheredvith my stomach. Everything I atecaused gas to form on my stomach.At times I got so bloated that I feltlike I was going to smother. I wasgetting thin and was almost a' burden to myself."I was nervous, too, and didn'tsleep very well at night. My restwas all broken up by bad dreams.Somethimes I felt so tired that Icould hardly do my work."I read so much about Tanlac thatfinally I decided to try it. The firstbottle helped me. It seemed to improve my digestion and I began toeat more. I kept on taking Tanlac,though, and took eight bottles inall."You've got to "show" a Kentuckian. He doesn't "take up" withanything. Facts and proofs must besubmitted. That's why Tanlac's remarkable sale in Kentucky is proofpositive of Tanlac's real merit. Ifyour system is run down, take Tanlac. You'll get rid of that half-sickfeeling in just a little while. You'llget back your appetite, too, and feelbetter all over. You can get Tanlacat G. S. Yarden & Son's. - (adv)g 3i pgSEVEN-POOT EAGLE KILLEDWat A. Hunter, a farme rresidingnear Blue Lick Springs, brought toCarlisle a large gray eagle which hekilled on his farm near the Sprinslast Wednesday. The bird measuredpeven feet from wingtip to wingtip.ism 191CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)Buy For Cashand Save MoneyFreshOysters1BeefPorkland MuttonsMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketTHANKS!ur Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we extend, ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir business pursuits.CALLAGAINI r ,WILMOTHPhone 376NEWS OF WOMEN'S WOEKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Report of Defense Council.Mrs. Marvin Lewis, CorrespondingSecretary for Kentucky Division,writes from Louisville:"I have your report of the Bourbon County Unit, Woman's Committee, Council of National Defense, andthink it a most excellent one. Itwill get due publicity when our bulletin is printed."The following is the report referred to:The following is a copy of the report submitted by the chairman of theBourbon County branch of theWoman's Committee of 'NationalCouncil of Defense, and the same isto be used by Miss Marvin Lewis,of Louisville, the State CorrespondingSecretary, in the compilation of thereport to be sent to Washington, D.C:I. Food Card Campaign MissSimms, Chairman.3,200 homes in county.2.976 signers required, or 75 percent.3,043 signers secured, or 95 percent plus.II. Liberty Loan Drive MissAlexander, Chairman.$300,000 apportioned.$400,000 raised.v$197,500 secured by local woman'scommittee.65 5-6 per cent of apportionment,or 50 per cent (approximately) ofamount secured.III. Red Cross Chapter Mrs.Arthur Hancock, Chairman.(a) Red Cross Christmas Campaign Mrs. Walter Payne,Chairman.3,400 members apportioned.4,000 members secured.(b) Red Cross Output:Sewing Department Mrs. W. G.McClintock, Chairman.454 pieces of bed linen in first shipment. 5,000 articles, or garments, donated for Dr. Barrow's unit.75 garments on storage.3,000 yards of outing flannel inprocess of making.(c) Surgical Dressing Department Mrs. Clay Howard, Chairman. 1,700 gauze dressings.511 'muslin dressings (300 yardsof cotton).150 gauze rolls S. O. S. callanswered in 2 days.(d) Knitting Department MissRanah Owens, Chairman.280 -sweaters.N 192 scarfs.124 pairs of wristlets.210 pairs of socks.806 Total number of garments.Respectfully submitted,MRS. F. SUTHERLAND,Chairman of local Woman's Committee of National Council of Defense, Paris, Kentucky.GIRLSJGIKLS! TRY'ITtf ,STOP DANDRUFF XND i 'BEAUTinrYOUIt HAIR'Hair Stops Falling Out - and 'GetsThick) Wavy, Strong andBeautiful. ,Your- 'hair becomes flight, wavjr,fluffy abundant and appears, as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's, after a "Danderine haircleanse." Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one .small strand at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afew moments you have doubled thebeauty of your hair.Besides beautifying the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifiesand invigorates the scalp, foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou will actually see new hairfine and downy at first yes but really new hair growing all over thescalp. If you care for pretty, softhair and lots of it, surely get a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine fromany druggist or toilet counter for afew cents. . (adv)PB 1 1JPLANS CHANGE F0R0FFIERS'TRAINING CAMPS., A revision of plans for the thirdseries of officers' training camps tobe opened January 5, has led to theabandonment of the camps previously intended to be established atFort Bliss-and Port Sam Houston,Tex. An additional camp wiil bestarted -at, Fort Oglethorpe, Ga.,. andselected men from the 30th, 31st,33rd, 34th, 37th, 38th and 39thNational Guard divisions will be assembled there. Otherwise the orig-EfcD CROSS MEMBERSHIP FORdivision will be carried out.IrfOnly enlisted" ment from the various branches of tie armyvj&nd selectedgraduates fromi'schoolsand Colleges with? vrecogni2W military"courses vill attend ihese"camps. Nocivilians will be accepted where v'few injustices of" the" first T:wo seriesof" camps are to bre corrected.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL,.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander were recent guests of relatives inHarrodburg.Miss Agnes Turner is a guestthis week of Misses Lena Mae Jonesand Ruth Pinnell.Mrs. W. R. Stipp has returnedto her home near-Paris after a visitto relatives in Frankfort.Mrs. Ray Harris, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Elizabeth Beasley, near "Paris.Misses Lillian Mitchell and RosaToohey have returned fro'jn a-visit tofriends and relatives" in Lexington.Mrs. Richard S. Starks has returned to her home in Midway, af-jter a visit to relatives in this city.I Mrs. Sam C. Crawford has asguest at herhome near Paris hersister, Miss Susie Taylor, of Atlanta,Georgia.Capt. James R. Rogers, of nearCane Ridge, was a guest of friendsand relatives in Montgomery countyduring the holidays.Miss Mary Gorham, of Clntonville, has gone to St. Petersburg,Florida, to spend several weeks withfriends and relatives.Mrs. Bennett Thomas, who hasbeen seriously ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this ""city, forsome time, is improving.Corporal Y. H. Harrison, formerly of Paris, has returned to CampZaehary Taylor, near Louisville, after a visit to friends in this city.Miss Mattie Lilleston has returned to her school duties at Hawkinsville, Georgia, after spendingthe holidays in this city with relatives. Corporal Ernest Darnaby hasreturned to the Aviation Camp atHouston, Texas, after spending hisfurlough with his parents, at Clintonville. Miss Lula Wilmott, of Hutchison, who was operated on at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, recently, is reported as improving. Mrs. Dr. M. H. Davis has returned to her home in Mayslick, Mason county, after a holiday visit toher mother, Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Sr.,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. John W. McKinney and Mr. Jos. Carson have returned to their home in Richmond,after spending the holidays in thiscity with Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser.Mr. and Mrs. William I. Jameshave returned from their bridaltour, and are at the home of- thegroom, in Henry Addition. Mrs.James was formerly Miss Pearl Dennison. iMiss Eugenie Fishback has returned to her school duties at theMidway Orphan School, after spending the holidays in this city with hermother, Mrs. Ada Fishback, on Fifteenth street.Miss Dorothy Harris, daughterof Rev. and Mrs. George H. Harris,formerly of Paris, who was a guestseveral days this week of Miss Elise!Vardenf has returned 10 ner numt?in Versailles.Mr. Dennis Snapp, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen,has returned from avisit to friends in Shelbyville. Dennis doesn't deny the soft impeachment that he was not in Shelbyvilleon a business mission.Private A. M. Thomas, of the149th Infantry, has returned toCamp Shelby, at Hattiesburg, Miss.,after a visit to his father, Mr. W.C. Thomas, and his sister, Mrs.Charles Sauer, on West Seventhstreet.Mr. Monroe Sweeney left Tuesday forthe Naval Training Stationat Great Lakes, ill., where he' willbecom& a member of Uncle Sam'sforces jin 'training there. Mr. Sweeney 'will stop over in Chicago for avisit to. relatives before going to thecampiMr. and Mrs. J. T. Tucker entertained Uhe employees pt 'the Par)sstaff of the Metropolitan, jlnsurancaCompany.. and, tnefrj wives at jiheifbeautiful home on Fifteenth Street,in honor of the results accomplishedbv them during the past year.' 'Mr.Tucker has had the most successful'year the Paiis District has ever had.The menu consisted of turkey andall the good things that go with Itno doubt a little bit more than Mr.Hoover would have approved ofbut was immensely enjoyed by allpresent. Rev. Goldsmith was toastmaster of the evening. After the repast, the evening was spent in .musicand games. At a late hour theguests departed after wishing Mr.and Mrs. Tucker a happy and prosperous New Year.Those present were: Rev.T Goldsmith, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Rule, Mr.and Mrs. C. D. Tackett, Mr. and Mrs.R."D. King, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Lee,Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Matthews, Mrs.H. P. Minaker, Misses Ollie Chambers, Louise Kenney and MadelineHuddleston. Mrs. Tucker was assisted by .Mrs. J. T. Sadtler, of LaGrange, Ky., Mrs. Jaynes and MissKatherine Kenney, of Paris.(Other Personalsjon Page 5.)IS 151 ?S -MISSION CIRCLE ENTERTAINSNEW OFFICERS.The officers of the Mission Circleof the Christian, Church, who areMrs. Charles 'May, president; Mrs.W. W. Judy vice-president; Mrs.Elizabeth " Jasper, secretary, andMrs. J. O. Marshall, treasurer, entertained v the .members . of., the Circle, Friday afternoon, in the churchparlor.The, attendance, w.as good considering the extreme cold weather, "andthjfr-businesssp'artrof theTnieeting embraced some important I'tiiings.Miss 5Ielen TKutclvcraft, avIospeciali7eBi.ih Y. W. C. A. work atOberfrn Cpllege, Oberlin, Ohio, andwho As speeding her vacation at"honjtefVmadei a very interesting tallcon-th? aimstland achievements of theorganization J . ;J 'At 'the conclusion of the meetingsandwiches and chocolate . were,served, and a social period wasTenjoyed. -ATTENTION!SickTo do your dutytimes your Healthconsideration. itell how they found health.Hellam,'Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable ComDOUnd for ffimaTp. fvrrmhlpq anrl a. Koplacement. I felt all run downI had been treated by a physician without results,so decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesince last April and doing all my housework, where beforeI was unable to do .any work: Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman cantake when in this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter." Mrs. E. R. Crutling, R. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich. "I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregular and had female weakness anddisplacement. I began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restoredmy health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'sremedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a similar way." Mrs.ELiSEHEisr,R.No.6, Bos83,Lowell,Mich.Why Not TryLYDIA E. PINKHAM'SGreetingsJ:fr!?J&A--Twin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.y., writes: "I first Used Chamberlain's 'Coughj Remedy j abdut eightyears ago. At that j time i had ahaf-d cold' and coughed most of thetime. rIt proved to be just what Ineeded. i It broke up 4the cold(- in afew-Wys, and the cqugh entirelydisappeared. 1 have ,told many ofm&frlendd o thegoodY receivedthrough Tising this medicine, -and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)You Don't Have toStobpIf You Use aGarlandCabinet Rangefir mi-PF SJgJiaiSBJiBSiMS n'4 iff- i XA beautiful Mine of vGaf lands on J;p!ay. ComtjVand IpfkUhtm ovfdiJ J 3 f nParis GasElecteCo.(IncorporatorWomenduring these trying xshould be your hrstiiese two womenand was verv wpafc . V 4!LE COMPOUNDLYDIA E.PINKHAM.To Our -FriendsWe desire to extend to you the complimenis of the season, and express oursincere wishes for your prosperity for thecoming year, with a continuance of thecordial relations existing between us.Clothing and Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsThe Right NumberWheayou go out to ( make a call in person you always Jassure yourself of th right address. v ' ?-- ' 1 ' 4 4 - t - ' iIn making telephone call it saves a lot of time and Jbother to'erfsiireithe number. ' ' ! J&The absolutely sure way is to first consult the tele- phone directory not trusting to memory and theru4listen'carefully when the operator repeats tack to you -thenumber, correcting her if she is wrong.Peris Home .Telephone S Telegraph Co;(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.The Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.g4-&&&. .djt -Bourbonin rrrnMjjjiiiyiLki J ' " 'TrrffiParis" Kentucky.'9wwnttmimmfmmw3V'J'JyMEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.1918ar-'uycW. H. CAHNON,Local Managei.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest im-provements in laundryf NPtr23'' appliances' ang expertneipers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone and solicit yourpatronage. tLaundr;iiN.- . -.rvtofnted. ef&t fiIPr-,m-msi-V.ASgglKIs?10 rouETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Friday, janujlry 4,- isii.I;IS:SELECTED AS 1HGHT SUFL ATMASSEB HOSPITALThe Board of Trustees of the Masfiie Memorial Hosnital. unon t.hnearnest and unqualified endorse-1merit of a large number of physicians and others interested in the institution, have selected Mrs. CarrieF. Stone, of "Paris, as Night Superintendent at the Hospital. The appointment meets with universal approval. 'Mrs. Stone is an experienced .ndcapable nurse, who began her professional career as a nurse at theLouisville City Hospital eleven yearsago. ""he was one of the honorgraduates of the Nurses TrainingSchool at that institution and at thograduating exercises of the class,held in the Woman's Club, in Louisville, was presented with an especially engraved diploma and letter of recommendation as a mark ofesteem from the Hospital authorities and the Board of Managers.Mrs. Stone was for a time afterleaving the Louisville Hospital incharge of the St. Bernard Hospitalat Earlington, maintained "by theSt. Bernard Mining Company, oneof the largest mining corporationsin Kentucky. Later she was insuccession Night Superintendent atthe Jewish Hospital, in Louisville, amember of the staff at Norton Infirmary, Louisville; at the JewisnHospital, and the Blakely Hospital,"Cincinnati; and recently at theBaylof Hospital, in San Antonio,Texas.Mrs. Stone's manifold -qualificationsfit her for the posltion'jand inmaking the selection the HospitalBoard and the Hospital authoritieshave made a wise jnove, and a mostcommendable appointment.'. 91 K AlPAEIS PEOPLE TO BESIDE ONALABAMA EAHCH.EXEMPTION BOARD BEPORTSNEW DELINQUENTS.. The Bourbon County Board ofExemption furnishes the following"THEM WERE THE DAYS!"-ibase because the pitcher could facethe batter and keep his eye on themSTATEMENTadditional list of registrants towhom questionnaires have beensent, but from whom no responseshave been received. If any of theirfriends or relatives know of theirwhereabouts" they should immediately communicate with them. Thelist follows:J. B. McDonald.Jim Mahorney.Thomas McVey.William Flinchem.Israel Evans. ;Charles Browning. -Prank Dukes.Owen Cummins.Eugene Ball.A. W. Cunningham. ?John Brown.Thomas Liter.Henry Woolf.Eldred Burnes Ritchie.Willie Payne.m nB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts6 H HiFLAMES VISIT OCCUPANTS OF"CONNELLY'S ALLEY."Editor James M. Allen, in the! at the same time. Ah, them wasCynthiana Democrat, comments on! the good old days! Woodrow maythe item published in THENEWsSbe a little a head of 'Toppy butlast Tuesdav in regard to Toppy! we'll bet he hasn't had as much"I'm Alabama bound," vas thesong sung by Mr. and Mrs. G. C.Thompson, Jr., of Paris, as they departed for their future home nearDemopolis, Alabama. Mr. Thompson will have charge of a big ranchof 400 acres owned by his father,Mr. A. S. Thompson, of near Paris.Mr. Thompson recently shippedsixty-one head of sheep, twelvebrood sows, six mules and one horseto the ranche, which is very closeto the stock farm owned by Mr.Warren Bacon, formerly of Paris.m Ms teTENEMENT HOUSE DESTROYED- BY ITBE.Nix and President Wilson's birthdays coming on the same day.James grows reminiscent, and .jaddsthe "following, which is well-knownhistory:"We wonder, too, for 'Toppy' wasthe admiration of all the small boysof Paris forty years ago when hewas the star pitcher of the ParisMutuals, a base ball team that woreblue stocking and white suits. Being cross-eyed, he kept the batterguessing whether he was going tothrow the ball over the plate or overthe right field fence. The catcherdidn't know either. And runnerswere afraid to take a lead off firstfun.BUY FOR CASH AND,MONEY.SAVEBourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust CoThe classic precinct of "Connelly'sAlley," in the vicinity of Eighthstreet, was visited by a fire abouteleven o'clock, Tuesday night, whichcaused the destruction of threeframe cottages owned by Chas. J.Lancaster, and occupied by coloredTamilies.The occupants lost all their household goods, as the rapid spread ofthe flames gave them little opportunity to save anything. The -firedepartment confined the flames tothe three houses destroyed, savingthe surrounding property.The following cash prices offeredat Margolen's this week:2 Cans Corn for S25c.2 Cans Tomatoes for 35c.White Navy Beans per pound,17 c.Lenox Soap, per cake, 5c.Best High-Grade Steel Cut Coffee,per pound, 25c.MARGOLENS SANITARY MEATMARKET.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY,DECEMBER 31, I91T' JriSTATEMENT OF CONDITION OF THEFarmers & Traders Bank(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY.At the Close of Business December 81, 1917.-jsa ta -andLightningFire, Windinsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m m mPARIS BANKS PROSPEROUSFire originating from a defectiveflue about midnight Wednesdaydestroyed a tenant house on theFisher farm, on the Steele pike, occupied by Joe Connell. All thehousehold effects -went up in thefame. No insurance.That there is more money in thehands of the people of Bourboncounty is" evidenced by the statements of the four Paris banks, showing the condition of business at theclosing hour on December 31, 1917.These statements show an aggregate of $2,695,657.28 on deposit inthese banks, with about ?2,000,000worth of tobacco in the county yetto be marketed, besides a. half million dollars worth of hemp, Bourbon county appears to be pretty comfortably fixed, financially, in spiteof wars, rumors of wars, zero weather and such things.RESOURCES:Furniture and Fixtures $ 1,500.00Loans and Discounts 234,75d.09U. S. Bonds 22.900.00Overdrafts 2,677.54Cash - 21,066.83Due from Banks 28,559.44$311,453.90LIABILITIES:Capital $ 60,000.00Surplus b,uuu.uuUndivided Profits 698.10Interest Reserve 269.06Reserved for Taxes. 1,000.00Deposits 198,486.74Biils Payable 45,000.00Due Banks 00$311,453.90Gross Earnfngs for Past Six Months 16,731.30Distributed as follows:Expense Account .$2,651.11Furniture and Fixtures ' 500.00Interest Reserve .: " 800.00Surplus I 1,500.00Tax Reserve . 582.09Undivided Profits 698.10$6,731.30 $6,731.30Comparative Statement of Deposits(Bank Started Feb. 10, 1916 Less Than 2 Years Ago)Feb. 10, 1916 $ 49,073.24June 30. 1916 97,775.82Dec. 31, 1916 . 145,463.18June 30, 1917 186, 917. 14Dec. 31,1917 198,486.74I, W.W.Mitchell, Cashier of the Farmers and Traders Bank of Paris, Ky,.do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. W. W. .MITCHELL, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of December, 1917.W. T. BRYAN, Notary Public, Bourbon Co., Ky. My Commission ExpiresFeb. 24, 1918.Officers:F. P. KISER, President. S. L. WEATHERS, Vice-President.W. W. MITCHELL, CashierJOHN W. YERKES, Asst. CashierDirectors:G. R. BURBERRY, F. P. KISER. SAM HOUSTON,GEO. K. JONES. S. L. WEATHERS J. D. McCLINTOCK,M. H. PAYNE GEORGE WYATT, Sr.RESOURCES.Loans and Bills $ 909,301 09U.S. Bonds 23,994.00Real Estate . 15,000.00Building Fund . 4,000.0rtFurniture and Fixtures 500.00Overdrafts 7,133.28Cash 39,900.61Due from Banks 195,118.13$1,194,947.31LIABILITIES?Capital Stock - $ 200,000.00Surplus -TT. 125,000.0oUndivided Profits 14455.12Fund for Taxes 3,685.81Individual Deposits 851,745.33Cashier's Checks 60.85Due to Banks :. .00$1,194,947.11Undivided Profits June 30, 1917 $11,400.41Gross Earnings Past Six Months. $23,757.07Semi-Annual Dividend No. 5 r $10,000.00Expenses Past Six Months 6,702.36Added to Tax Fund 4,000.00 .Undivided Profits Remaining 14,455.12Ife-$35,157.48 trf.$35,167.48JOHN T. COLLINS, President. BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.J. T. HINTON, Vice-President. THOS. W. ALLEN, Asst. Cashier.DirectorsJ. T. HINTON,W. W. HALL,JNO. MARSTON,THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.w. h. McMillan,N. KRIENER.B. A. FRANK,JNO. T. COLLINS.seess&'S134th SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OFPeoples Deposit Bank I Trust (o.(ORGANIZED IN 1851)PARIS, KENTUCKYAt The Close Of Business December 31, 1918After Payment of 5 Per Cent Semi-Annual Dividend.-35-RESOURCESCash 1-$ 46,743.06Due from Banks 189,604.71Real Estate 14,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 2,500.00Overdrafts 1,597.11U.S. Certificates $50,000.00U.S. Bonds 35,379.00Investment Bonds 35,409.39Loans and Bills 892,265.52Total Loans and Bonds $1,013,071.91LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 150,000.00Surplus 100.000.00Undivided Profits 1,569.15.Due Banks .00Individual Deposits 1,015,847.64$1,267,416.79 II $1,267,416:79-COMPARATIVE STATEMENT OF DEPOSITS:Julyl. 1914, After Merger . $548,492.21December 31, 1915 - 626,696.69December 30, 1916 754,726.86June 30, 1917 845,584 91December-31, 1917 1,015,847.64Officers.S. E. BEDFORD, President. " G. W. WILDER, Vice-President, -tC. K. THOMAS, Vice President and Cashier. . xhmFRANK & COMPANYmmMMSALEBegins Saturday, January 12 Ends Saturday, January 19NOW ON SALEALLSuits, Coats,Skirts, Waists,Silk and Wool Dresses,Evening Dresses,Fur Scarfs and Muffs,1-4, 1-3, 1-2 OFF!CLEARANCE SALEOFAll Odd Pieces and RemnantsOFSilks, Velvets, Dress Goods,Ginghams, Shirtings, Calicoes, White Goods,Wash Goods, Trimmings, Lacesand HamburgsAll at Bargain Prices!NOW ON SALENEWSpring Ginghams,Percales,Calicoes,Shirtings,Linens,Waistings, Skirtings,Wash and White GoodsAT MODERATE PRICESOur Prices on Cottons, Sheetings and Domestics are Lower than the Present Market JustifiesAll Goods Sold at ThisSale Are For CASH!FRAN Ks.mLMyggt A'4tMBFRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAKlTYX"tw " 'U" ZJ2 "" 1! ' ' "' ' w'J' '(J-'JJ-V" TrV1BifmFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE-BONDS !Both issues of Liberty Bonds are nowready for delivery.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO.4dec-tf)ttft ftiFOOD ADMINISTRATOR.Mr. m. B. Simms, of "WoodfordvKountyr formerly of Paris, has beenappointed Food Administrator forthe Lexington District. Mr. Simmav ill open an office in Lexington.s& HiMEETING POSTPONED.The business and social session ofthe Woman's Bible Class of the ParisMethodist church, which was scheduled for last night at the home ofMr. and Mrs. N. H. Ecklar, on Scottaenue, was postponed until the lastThursday In" January.The postponement was made necessary on account of the ladies being engaged insewing for the RedCross yesterday, the two meetingsconflicting.P3 Ua TEXAMINATION FOR CLERK.An examination for clerks with aknowledge of stenography and typewriting will be held at the Parispostoffice on January 18. This announcement is made by the officialsof the local postoffice, where an examination will be held each month.The date of these examinations willbe announced through the Parispapers later on.Any information will be gladlyfurnished by any of the employes ofthe local postoffice. Mr. WilliamClarke is local Secretary of the Civil Service Commission, with headquarters at the Paris postoffice.la ft ft-IN THE SERVICE.Mr. Monroe Sweeney, son of Mrs.John S. Sweeney, of Paris, has enlisted in the Aviation Corps of theU. S. Army and has been assignedto duty at the Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, near Chicago. Mr.Sweeney is visiting relatives in Chicago before going to the camp forduty.Jerry M. Patrick, of Paris, andBradley T. Parker and Wm. C. Jacoby, both of the Hutchison vicinity, in this county, were acceptedWednesday at the Lexington navalrecruiting station as apprentice seamen. They will be sent to the GreatLakes Training Station, near Chicago. fe ft ftBIG PURCHASE OF MULES.A carload of mules, for which thepurchaser, Mr. G. W. Jordan, ofHawesville, Georgia, paid from $215to 240 per head, was disposed ofhere by the livestock firm of Caywood, Smith & McClintock. Thepiules were shipped to Mr. Jordan'sstable at Hawesville.Mr. Jordan stated to the membersof the firm that it is getting hardto purchase big lots of mules in Central Kentucky now, and that thesenecessary farm animals are gettingscarce, due probably to demands onthe supply for army purposes. Alarge crop of cotton and corn willbe planted in the South this spring,according to Mr. Jordan, and this"will mean that the South will be alarger buyer of mules in this market if they can be obtained.ft ft ftSOME WINTER WEATHERSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.tu"M and Mrs- WhittingtonMann have returned from a visit tomends in St. Petersburg, Fla.Miss Anna Belle Hall has returned to her home in Maysville af-L?l visIt to Miss AnQa LouiseWhite.Mrs. J. Frank Clay, Dr. andIrs. M. H. Dailey and daughter,Miss Louise Dailey will leave to-dayto spend the winter in Eustis. Florida. Miss Bessie Mclntyre, of Paris,was one of the guests a ta "watchparty" held Monday night at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. George Marrsm Lexington. 'Mr. and Mrs. Ed. B. Hedgeshave returned from a holiday visitto their daughter, Mrs. SamuelBiggs, and family, in Huntington,West Virginia.Mr. Robert Hammond has returned to his home in Lafayette,Inidana, after spending the holidaysm Paris, as guest of Messrs. Johnand Turney Clay.Mr. Rion Dow returned Tuesday to his home in Des Moines,Iowa, after spending the holidayswith his father, Mr. R. P. Dow, andMrs. Dow, and other relatives.Mr. Harry Booth, formerly ofParis and Lawrenceburg, who married Miss Nellie Fee, of Paris, hasenlisted in the U. S. Army serviceas a member of the Aviation Corps.Miss Ruth Adair has returnedto school at the Midway OrphanSchool, after spending the holidayswith Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford, at their country home nearParis.Wallace, Kenney and ErnestKiser, of Kiserton, who spent theirfurloughs with friends and relative-;in Paris and the county, have returned to Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville.Mr. Thomas K. Murray, secretary and treasurer of the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Company, operating the Paris-Lexington andother Central Kentucky interurbanlines was a visitor in Paris yesterday. Miss Nellie Winn McClure Hinton, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. O.Hinton, of Paris, who underwent aserious operation at St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, Tuesdaymorning, was reported yesterday asdoing very nicely, her condition being decidedly reassuring to herphysicians.Mt. Sterling Advocate: "MissAnna Lou Barkley, of Paris, hasbeen visiting the family of heruncle, Robt. Barkley. . .Miss HettieBrockway spent the Christmas holidays in Paris.... Mr. Floyd Carmichael, of Paris, visited relatives hereseveral days last week .... Mr. R. P.Walsh, of Paris, was in this cityyesterday."The membership of the MissionCircle of the Christian church wereguests last Friday of the officers ofthe Circle, in the church parlor.An interesting talk was made to themembers by Miss Helen Hutchcraft,of Oberlin College, at Oberlin, O.Sandwiches and chocolate wereserved at the conclusion of thebusiness session.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr.and Mrs. Lynn Lail and littledaughter returned to Cynthianafrom Paris, for a longer visit to Mr.and Mrs. Gano Ammerman, beforereturning to their home, Detroit,Mich .... Mrs. J. 0. Marshall andson have returned to Paris after avisit to Mrs. M. E. Lydick and Mrs.J. J. Curie. . . .Miss Sarah Curie hasreturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. J. O. Marshall, at Paris. . .MissRussell Ammerman, who is attending school at Paris, spent the holidays with her parents, Mr. andMrs. Welburn Ammerman, returning to Paris, Tuesday."MisssEllen Face, of Milway, isa guest of her sister, Mrs. EdsellClarke.Mrs. Margaret Laughlin has returned from a visit to Mrs. Geo. W.Laughlin, in Lexington.Miss Esther Ort, of Front street,Maysville, is a guest of Miss HazellAldrich, on Twelfth street.I Maysville Bulletin: "Mr. J.C. Riggsof Sardis, left Tuesday afternoon for Paris where he will! spend the next few months."I Mrs. Robert H. Winn has returned to her home in "Mt Sterlingafter a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Frank White havereturned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Mr. Wright'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. John Wright,111 bU10 UUXl.jrMr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and children have returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Wiedemann'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell,in Lexington. -Lexington Leader: "Mr. Thos.F. Brannon, Jr., of Detroit andCleveland, and Leo Brannon, of St.Joseph's College, Bardstown, are athome with their parents, Mr. andMrs. T. F. Brannoir, on Forest avenue, for the holidays."Miss Maude Elizabeth Ecton,of Paris, attended a "knitting party"given by Miss Elizabeth VanMeter,in Winchester, in honor of herguests, Misses Frances Field Coleman and Eleanor Smith, of Lexington, and Jean Mithoeffer, of Winchester. The Girls' Dancing Club gavean enjoyable New Year's Dance atHall Tuesday evening. The musicfor the dancers was furnished bythe Jackson Saxophone. The dancewas well attended, despite the bit.ter cold weather, which did not"seem to affect the enthusiasm ofthose present.The New Year's Dance at theMasonic Temple on Tuesday night,promoted by Mr. John M. Stuart,was a decided success and attendedby a large number of dancers, manycoming from nearby cities to join inthe pleasures of the evening. Themusic furnished by the Vito NoveltyOrchestra, of Nashville, Tenn., wasall that could be desired.(Other Personals on Page 3)ft ft ftBIRTHS.At Little Rock, this county, tothe wife of Prof. B. M. Roberts, formerly Miss Frankie Hopkins, of Little Rock, a daughter christenedDorothy.A handsome daughter was bornat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, Sunday, to the wife ofMr. Harry Brittingham. Motherand child both doing well. Theproud mother was formerly MissElizabeth Hibler, daughter of Mrs.Nettie Hibler, of Paris.TURFMEN TO DONATE $25 TORED CROSS FOR EACH MAREAt a meeting of the turfmen ofthe State held in Lexington, a resolution was adopted asking that thesum of $25 be donated to the RedCross for each mare owned by them.The resolution was adopted by aunanimous vote.Mr. A. B. Hancock, of Paris, waschairman of the meeting, and readtelegrams from a number of Eastern horsemen, approving of the donation of $300,000 to the Red Cross,and asked that they be counted inon the part the breeders will produce to the fund.irKentucky has doubtless seen bitter winter weather like the presentspell, but THE NEWS has been unable to find any of the "oldest inhabitants" whose keen memory ofdates and occurrences could recallit. Nothing like it can be recalledby very many of present generation. Snow has succeeded snow untilthe very topmost crust of the NorthPole seems to have slipped itsmoorings and landed plump in theland of bluegrass. Zero weatherhas become to common that the salution "How is the thermometerthis morning," generally elicits thereply, "Oh, just normal about tenbelow zero!"Since last Sunday, when the mercury played the deuce in the deck tothe extent of dropping to 19 degrees below zero, every day has witnessed zero weather, varying fromthree to eight below. Yesterdaykept up the average, the temperaturecuddling in the bottom at abouteight below.As-usual, the" gas pressure wassomewhat weak, though Paris hasbeen a little bit more fortunate thansome other cities in Central Kentucky, where complaints of an almost total lack of pressure weremade.It should be a great consolationto the Paris and Bourbon countypeople in Florida to know they areWmmtxk "W'3f"sSi Was. - fe gffijaReliable goods for winter'soutdoor sports. Skiis sledstoboggans skates hockey ,sticks, in fact, almost everythingin Sporting Goods.Cameras ! Yes, we have themfor every member of the family.Brownies for the children;Kodaks for'the young people andfather orYnother, and Vest PocketKodaks for the soldier and sailorboys."O matter how much goodtimes are enjoyed, they aresoon forgotten unless Kodakserves as the memory jogger.Keep a picture story of thebright side of life, to cheer upthe hours that need cheering.Daugherty Bros.rwaaaaaaaaaaaitiYZJm NEXT ISSUEFOR ANNOUNCEMENT OF'SIMON'SJANUARYQearance SaleandWHITE SALE: Which StartsJan. 10thand Continues Till Jan. 19thTo Our Friends!w i - i-r JViVNot forgetting the patronage accordedUS during the past year, we, throughgratefulness, extend our best wishes for""!-!A HappyNewYearl-XTHEJ.T.fflNTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHTty.?H:4-v&tJ&i,1l-i-?r- Am.UNDERTAKINGFifth and MainParis, Ky.eec&ping the rigors and discomfortsf one of the bitterest winters Ken-."EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.s tucky has experienced - in manynraaxs.-S V-3 Aayp-i"HGE SIXSv.tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY -4FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 191Smmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmc.-' rnri'TOBACCO MAEKET.(Continued fro;m Page 1.)The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseTield a sale Tuesday at the Bourbon"Warehouse, on South Main "Street,and disposed of 17,505 pounds ofxobacco for 5,103.29 an average of$29.15 per hundred pounds. At theirhouse, known as the Paris Warehouse, the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Tuesday disposedof 7,225 pounds of tobaeco for$1,963.48, an 'average of $27.17 perhundred pounds. The market wasstrong and active, especially was thistrue of vthe better grades of -the weed.In reporting the sale of the cropof tobacco belonging to Clay .'& Eldridge Tuesday, , an official of theBourbon Warehouse stated that thegeneral average of $40.15 -paid forthe 2,170 pounds crop was as good aErice as this crop would have .everrought on any loose leaf floor thisseason. Other crop averages reported were as follows:Adair-& Perkins sold 4,285 poundsfor anaverage of $30.25 per hundredpounds.Mitchell Bros., sold 660 pounds foran average of $25.71 per hundredpounds. iWoodford & Frakes sold 5,775pounds for an average of $26.02 perhundred pounds.Barlow & Keller sold 2,335 poundsfor aix average of $27.86 per hundred pounds.Simms & Huffaker sold 3,185""-pounds for an average of $28.94 perhundred pounds.Connell & Herrington sold 3,555pounds for an average of $27.86per hundred pounds.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse company sold 22.320 poundsof tobacco Tuesday for $5,826.55, anaverage of $26.10 per hundredpounds. The market showed an increase in price for dry tobaccos. Theprices ranged from $8 to $40.50 perhundred pounds on the floor. To datethe Independent Tobacco Warehousehas disposed of 440,005 pounds oftobacco for an average of $27.83per hundred pounds. A few cropaverages were reported as follows:Marsh & Gifford sold 1,840 poundsfor an average of $20.36 per hundredpounds.Woodford & Rankin sold 2,295-pounds for an average of $25 perhundred pounds.Myers & Dale sold 5,730 poundsfor an average of $31.12 per hun.dred pounds.Hildreth & Rose sold 5,255 poundsfor an average of $25.73 per hun.dre'd pounds.'WOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSTHE AEMY Y. M. C. A. CAMPAIGNREAL ESTATE DEALS.Kentucky has taken her placewith the best States in the Nationin giving to the recent Army Y. M.C. A. Campaign. The nation-widecampaign for the support of thearmy Y. M. C. A. work was a recordbreaker in every respect and Kentucky kept pace with the Nation.Kentucky was ask,ed to raise $350,000 of the $35,000,000 fund neededto run the Army and Navy Department of the Y. M. C. A. until July1. 1918. 'This amount was increasedrby the Sate Conference to $400,000to enable the State and some localbudgets to be included in one campaign and the total raised was $519,469. The national total has reached$53,000,000.This is not only the largest amountever raised in our State for a singleChristian cause, but is the largestamount ever subscribed in a similarState-wide campaign for a philanthropic or patriotic cause. It is agreat vote of confidnece in the ArmyY. M. C. A. work and thoroughlydemonstrated the patriotic spirit ofour people for the welfare and comfort of our soldiers.An a,ctive simultaneous campaignwras made in one hundred and fivecounties in Kentucky. Over 4,800persons helped as volunteer workersin this great campaign and fromevery section comes reports of realjoy for a sliaie in this unselfish service. The splendid results in this campaign was due to the scheme of organization, the district and localleadership and the enthusiasm ofthe "local workers.IS PaLOUISVILLE MAN TO BE HEADOF DEMOCRATIC CAMPAIGN .Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and -Mil findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. 2Jot so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain in a constipated condition.-They axe easy and pleasant to takeand most' agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)The Democratic State CentralCommittee in session at Louisville,elected Seldon P. Glenn, of Louisville, secretary of both the StateCentral ana Legislative CampaignCommittees at a salary of $3,500 ayear. Mr. Glenn will immediately-after taking the office begin organization of the State for the Democratic party, using the Cantrill organization formed in the Presidentialcampaign.Report of the Legislative Campaign Committee was made to theState Central Committee , as theprinicpal matter of business.J5i Sa SsBATHROOM ON TIRE AT FIRECHIEFS HOME!Eleven tracts of Bourbon countyland are involved in deeds of .transfer filed in the office of CountyiClerk Pearce Paton by Jonas Weil,of Bourbon and Fayette counties.The deeds are placed on record in order to settle up the partnership business recently existing between JonasWeil and Simon Weil. The sum of$30,000 also figures in the deal, inwhich Jonas Weil conveys to SimonWeil and wife, Alice Weil severaltracts of land and the aforesaid sumof $30,000. In consideration of thisMr. and Mrs. Simon Weil convey toJonas Weil the following tracts ofland:One tract containing 508.95 acresof land in Bourbon, and Fayette'counties; 389.33 acres on the Elizabeth pike; tract of sixty-three acreson the Frankfort & Cincinnati railroad; tract of 37.1 acres, 'conveyedby H. XJlay Bedford; 52.04' acres onthe Clintbnville pike; tract of 21.46acres adjoining; 40.90 acres on theBethlehem pike; 311.67 acres on thesame pike, known as the Higginsfarm, and tract of 250.67 acres onHouston creek, known as the McClintock farm.Mr. Fred Mussleman has sold thebig iron covered tobacco warehousesituated on Pleasant street, betweenTenth and Eleventh streets, to Abnee & Mussinon, who have had itleased for a number of years. Theprice paid was not given out forpublication. The purchasers willcontinue their business in the warehouse, as heretofore.a Pa isPREDICTS GOVERNMENT CONTROL EOR COAL AND LABOR.Fire originating in the bathroom ofthe residence of John Cline, firechief of Mt. Sterling, caused damageof several hundred dollars -before theflames could be extinguished. Mr.Cline and his family put out thefire before the arrival of the department. JYOU'RE BILIOUS LLET"CASCAKETS" LIVEN-LIVER AND BOWELSDon't Stay Headachy, Constipated,Sick, With Breath Bad andStomach Sour.Get a 10-cent box now.You 'men 'and women who can't getfeeling right rwho have headache,coated tongue, badtaste and foulbreath, dizziness, can't sleep, are bilious, nervous and puset, botheredwith a sick, gassy, disordered stomach, or have a bad cold.Are you keeping your bowels cleanwith Cascarets, or merely forcing apassageway every few days withsalts, cathartic pills or castor oil?Cascarets work" while you sleep;cleanse the stomach, remove the sourundigested', fermenting food and foulgases; take the excess bile from theliver and Carry out of the system allthe constipated waste matter andpoison in the bowels.ACascaret to-night will straightenyou out by morning a 10-cent boxfrom any drug store will keep yourstomach sweet, liver and bowels regular, and head clear for months.Don't forget the children. They loveCascarets because they taste goodnever gripe or sicken. (adv)fe !Si TS -LESSONS OF THE LIBERTY LOANGovernment control of coal minesand conscription of labor were predicted by L. A. Snead, head of theFuel Administration's distributingagency, in testimony before the Senate committee investigating the coalsituation.Coordination of effort is necessaryto meet present demands, Mr. Sneadsaid,- and he added that he could beeno possibility of the production ofthe 50,000,000 tons the Fuel Administration -estimates the country ?sshort this year. Restricted use isthe only solution, he declared.Priority orders for coal shipmentsmight afford some temporary relieffrom shortage expeiienced in manyparts of the country. Mr. Snead said,but the only solution of the wholeproblem is adequate and efficienttransportation.A nickel slot machine mayrbe inperfect order, and yet it won't workfor a cent.jr- ytra.gr-r xr-r -J' T TV r- tTHEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY'-T? ,yNextTo-day,SaleJan4th..f (- , i. IThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co,Now that the second Liberty Loanis an accomplished fact, we can lookback and -estimate its significance,both spiritual and material, to theUnited States. Boersianer, the analysis of finance, writing in the January number of Hearst's Magazine,tells us that it is the largest subscription in the annals of finance,whether made by a government or aprivate firm. From the moral andthe financial momentum accumulated, as well as from the almost inexhaustible resources of the country,he finds it only natural that the second appeal should have brought alarger response than the first; andhe predicts that the same forces willbe at work to make the responsecumulative in whatever succeedingloans the government' shall ask. Thisauthority brings out with force andclearness the contrast between ourown loans and those of Germany,which are paid, not in cash, but inpromissory notes. The effects of thelatter system on prices of commodities and the value of currency assuch as to make us modify, to a verylarge extent, the apparent value ofthe German loans. The financialimplications of the American re-sponse are most encu uiu&m&, mt,"they might easily have been lostsight of by people in general, -if itwere not for such expert explanation, as that given by Boerisaner'sarticle.twin Bros. Department Storemm and main $($. Paris, KtUyBig Clearance SaleONLadies9 SuitsCoats, MillinerjrDresses, Waists, Etc.Everything must go. From 20to 50 per cent reduction on everyarticle.Also a Large Assortment ofFurs in This Offering.Twin Bros Dept. StoreSeventh and Main , Paris, Kentucky-JJA MAN AND HIS WIFE1 may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost i3 nominal, whilelthe pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in' conjunction with-the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.I A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2llH iMMHIWII WW WMMBMWM W m W..WWWMt;W.WKBThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)a&6Leads in Averages Obtained?Total Sales to Date 629,500 PoundsFor $183,016.47. $29.07-T -!I ', Av-:x3 i rm?wiMi3? i P"Next Sale at Bourbon House!i T0 JANUARY 41 li AT .9 A. M. i3 ' H '-ifi Bou r bonToba ceo Ware bouse Co I' ttneonrortted.) EL:" ' "r J. T. COLLINS, Manager, XBfyIIk24-savk(Incorporated.)PARIS,: LKENTUCKY-' Vif.3rrv r5- -.'-j-. ; T z , j " ; t : J..,..,.-lj... ' U , s"l)J'"'' viwI'm-tu. .'iMiiiiX"""4ai ""Stxa...f-"rgy -WBHIKrTV" mJM-, rg-ggLlLAJFRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1918.tfHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,page nmorX:CT'V)i55,vfAmCatarrh of T3 'a.s.ik iC&.&rMiss Amalie Ruzicka, 1449 South16th SC, Omaha, Nebraska, "writes:"I have suffered with catarrh of thethroat I caught cold and it settledin my throat, and I coughed badlyand was very "weak. I could not sleepand had no appetite. I had two doctors, and had taken so many differentmedicines and found no help. I thoughtI will have to give up; but at lastmy mother read about Peruna, so Ithought of trying that great medicinePeruna. I got a bottle of it and inabout four days I almost stoppedcoughing, and after a while I surelyfound relief, and from that time wea-f not without Peruna in our home.",QNot SleepseiiteNow WellWe AlwaysHave PERUNA in thdHome.ttii rni ii" 1 1 i ii niiwi.lrfW-yriH in i n 1 1 hi g' !!ffiHH !Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.RED CROSS MEMBERSHIP FOR1918 GROWS TO 20,000,000.The American Red ross began theNew Year with a membership ofmore than 20,000,000, it was announced at New York at the close ofthe National enrollment campaign.Every one of the thirteen nationaldivisions exceeded v the quota set forATTENTION, HUNTERS!RAILROAD MEN PREDICTERNMENT CONTROLPERMANENT. 'GOV--' iMmmmMat. MILLERSBURG -!Definite steps toward National unification of railroads and improvement of congested conditions weretaken Saturday by Director GeneralMcAdoo in the appointment of a temporary staff and the issuing of hisfirst formal order directing absolutepooling of all traffic, common utilization of terminals, rolling stock andother facilities, hauling of freightby the shortest routes, and retentionof all present officers and employes.Alfred H. Smith, president of th3New York Central, was named temporary special assistant to supervisetransportation in the trunk line territory east of the Mississippi andnorth of the Ohio rivers, where congestion is greatest.All v hunting licenses expire after' Walker D. Hines, of New York, ato-day, January 1. It will be unlaw- railroad lawyer and for many yearsiful to hunt squirrels before July 1, ' amuem. oix goveinm101 ,.n ,. t,i,.. v -vr operation, was appointed assistant,1918, quail or rabbit before Novem- ,,? , , , ,ober 15. 1918. Rabbits cannot be tion of a permanent staff.lawfully exposed or offered for sale while the director general wasuntil above date. It will be unlaw- conferring with a number of rail-it by the Red Cross headquarters in ful to have in possession' any fox. road heads. Interstate CommerceWashington. otter, or beaver hides before Novem- Commissioners and members of ConActual new members added to the' ber 15, 1918. Any violations of these gress, and planning immediate acrolls of the roganization were 14,-'iaws wjh De vigorously prosecuted tion to remedy faults of transportaS53.535, and of this number the ' and punish tion, it became known that the desouthwestern division- contributed. ,. . . . mands of the railway brotherhoodsmore than any other division, 3,250,- , warms sen- out to ail for a 4Q per cent wage increase had000. I county seats in the State by order been denied by the railroads and thatThe leading division comprises of ne State Game and Fish Commis- consequently, the labor men had dpthe States of Missouri, Kansas, Okla- sion. Hunters should heed it ac- cided to postpone for probably sixtyTioma, Arkansas, Texas and parts of ! cordingly. days the presentation of their caseto the government. It was thoughtunaIlllifMILLERSBURG-Kentucky and Tennessee.K 1Pity Him!Don't laugh at the pale, emaciatediellow who says "Good morning" toyou late in the afternoon, cautionsprobable that President Wilsonwould take up the labor situation inhis addess to Congress next Thurs-State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas Countv. ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath that ' da or Friday.hP i RPninr nnrtnor of fhA firm nf The railroad chief s freely predictthe Moberly Index. The chap may F j Cheney & Co., doing business tliat tue advantages of the greatbe a worker on a morning newspaper in the City. of jeto County and non-competitive system now beingand may have just "got up." Kansas state aforeseaidf and t'hat said fi;m developed would soon become so ap-Clty Times. win pay the sum of QNB HUNDIlED Parent that the country never wouHm DOLLARS for each and every case of revert to the old lan of Private con-"G00D LORD," SAH) THE WOOD- catarrh that cannot be cured by the trol. They even went so far as toCOCK; AND THEN of HALL'S CATARRH MEDI-, Predict ry definitely that government ownership as wen as controlwould be a development of only aFour persons were overcome byovercome by heat Tuesday, at Pasa-1-S n-i: J.V.,i ..nrrrl P A O AAA 1which witnessed the football team ofmarines stationed at the Mare Island Navy Yard defeat the armyteam Camp Lewis Washington, oneof the features of the annual tournament of Roses there. The scorewas 16 to 2. Profits from the gamewill go to the Red Cross.CINE.JOHN WHITE k CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day of jDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takenfew years.isa fe feGAS SHORTAGE MAY CAUSE APPEAL TO GOVERNMENTThe National Fuel AdministrationLiberal assortmentand full value paidforrawHides andCost f?kin(7dec-13t-F)FURSaaaaaaaavP!aaaaaa JaB&aaaaaaaa 'flHSpQflPlJND tion.gMkfiuBuaVBaaadfi h"TJ7 1 Idiscouragci, iFKnentOUeeconfusedner.A f0t7rirnnfl1nthAnHnMnafA - 4HaTSUre Sign yoU needllOTl aWC.tCVC.KIWII ithfctnlay. Cures a"d rrevonts g&SSSHRifDTI f c. TViow rnw tVi normal V120r an t rouP coWs. sore litsd and other & Jfrzgxi3PPILLb. l ney renew me normal viaui xu i d,cs,KC 0ae M OCMt botll- $tg$$$&mimake life worth living. Be sure and ask fn rwuesiZF. :vm or tomi. u. irrs?-. v mrSi ?! i - '' p" en rnju ftinternally and acts through the blood at Washington may be appealed toon the mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipa-(adv-jan)Hens LayAMAZINGLYwhen kept In good condition withBOURBON POULTRY REMEDYMott'sNerverinePill ldcrfS,WO.UAMS MFG. CO . Prop..CIvelBd. OhWOBERDORFER. The Druggist.(till feb. 1)--?"?&- . m f mam " -ju. -iry&I Ol & X -e- -- t--!-iiKri-rsri f. islj --. l.,pl.H 1 MM M2F$FiTheGommunication ArmyA bird's-eye view of the country todaywould show a mighty panorama of military and industrial activities.Radiating from the National Capitoland from the army and navy centersthroughout the land would appear the thousandsof telephone lines by which all these vast enterprises are directed and co-ordinated a veritablemaze of wires linking together the camps, yards,fortifications, plants and offices, and swarmingwith linemen, cablemen and installers, -busy withUncle Sam's existing and ever-increasing demandsfor telephone service.All this is but a part of the vast work whichthe Bell system is doing, but among the unforeseen condition which the war has imposed uponus is the necessity of practically suspending thecommercial development of our business.Confronted with an abnormal increase in theuse of the telephone and an unprecedented demandfor new and additional service, we cannot acceptor fill orders except subject practically to an indefinite delay. This situation is due to the importance of conserving our supplies so that thegovernment's requirements may be promptly metat any time a request is made.At a time like this, we believe the public willappreciate a frank statement of the situation andwill join us in our efforts to serve the governmentfirst and efficiently.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedbv Paris, Lexington and other Central Kentucky towns as a result ofthe inadequate supply furnished bythe Central -Kentucky National GasCompany, unless better service is assured local consumers.Under the existing contract thatthe local Gas Company has with theUnited Fuel Company of West Virginia, it is figured that the NationalFuel Administration by exercisingits authority could order properequipment installed in the gas fieldsand an adequate distribution of thegas to those communities that depend upon it for light and heat.It is pointed out that the NationalFuel Administration recently contemplated having the natural gasfrom the West VirginiaMisses Margaret Shanks, ofStanford, and Martha Belle Ratcliff,of Sharpsburg, are quests of MissMargaret Allen.'Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Ashland,arrived Tuesday as guest of hismother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont and Miss Florence Vimont.Mr. Raymond Miller -has returned to his home at Pueblo, Colo.,after a few days' visit-to his brother, Mrr W. M. Miller, and family.Mrs. " Elizabeth Miller anddaughter, Miss" Elizabeth Miller,have returned to Lexington .afterspending the Christmas holidays athome.Mil and Mrs. -W. A. Mimzinsr.of Maysville, spent the New Yearholidays with their mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and MissFlorence Vimont.The Graded School opened Wednesday witha good enrollment. TheM. C. and M. M. I. opened Thursday,a large part oi ine stuaent Doay arriving on the afternoonand eveningtrains of Wednesday.ADD BURGReVT and Mrs. J. D. Redd received a telegram Wednesday afternoon from their son, Mr. HermanRedd, who had cabled the law firmof which he was a member atPaintsville, that he had arrivedsafely in France, was well and feeling fine. His parents are delighted at the good news, and his manyfriends are praying for his safe return. The body of the twenty-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. K.Smith, Evelyn Louise Smith, whodied at the home of her parents,Monday at three p. m., was interredin the Millersburg Cemetery Tuesday at three p. m., after a shortfuneral service at the home of Mrs.Minnie -tiursi., luc giauumuiuci ithe little girl. The child- was illpart of -the day Sunday, and abouteleven p. m. grew worse, and wentinto convlusions, dying at the timenamed. The remains were broughtto the home of Mrs. Hurst, Mondayafternoon. Services were conuuuteuby Elder C. O. Cossaboom. Thestricken parents have the sympathyof all who know them in their sadbereavement.The following are the interments in the MillersburgCemeteryduring the year 1917,: January 21,Mrs. Mary McMahan Insko; January 21, Mr. David Howard; February 7, Mr. William Thomas Jones;Feburary 18, Pauline Devaughn-;Februarv 19, Lenora F. Hopkins;February 19, Mrs. Adella A. Patter-e-T?Piirnn.rv 20. Lois BlancheToadvine; February 27, Mr. Elijah:M. Neal; March 12, Mr. lieorge weuster Reynolds; March 15, Mr. William Becraft; March 17, Mr. LeroyBothman; April 9, Susan HamiGray; April 18, Mr. William ugnBishop; May 2, Liny uanirin f""-".May 3, Mr. John Mastm, May 30Mr. -ErtCh LaRue; June 24 Mr.Julhft G. Allen; September 1, EllaFrederick; September 16, Mrs. Mollie Conway; September 21, Mr. JohnW. Letton; September 22, Mr. Wm.S. ''Bothman; September 39, Mr.Clem Owen Insko; October 5, Mr.Lee Reynolds-Arnette; October 6,XV TV TalbOtt: uciuuei i, u,:WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREDEPARTMENTimBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself. - 'Mrfields di- James Buckler; October 9Mrs.Fan-uum tiiC w- " . lTvo -Ron- October iu, iuiverted to feed the munition plants f"1 wQmnn: October 12, MissWe Do Re- Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St -"VEmile P.in Pennsylvania, and that if thiscould be done, either by taking overthe gas fields, or by supervising thedistribution of gas, that an order, Mrs. Virginiaof the National Fuel Administratorcould relieve the shortage of gas inCentral Kentucky and remove thecause of so much deprivation andsuffering among the people of thisState.At any rate, it is believed herethat this move should be resorted toat once, since the local Gas Companygives no assurance that its servicewill be improved in the future.1E3 1BI 1ES18, Mr.V-i - JBONES OF MASTODON SOUNDNEAR SOUTHERN CITY.Throngs of curious persons gathered at the home of John Dennis",near Arkansas City, Ark'., to inspectthe two big teeth found in a sandpit near his home and said torbe theteeth of a .mastodon. A representative from the University of Arkansas at Conway is expected to reachthere soon to view the teeth.That a mastodon-, a huge prehistoric animal, died in that vicinityis the general belief, and an exhaustive investigation will be made under the direction of the university.Rl W4 TttLEVY OF FIFTY CENTSniA fr.iiTn? -rwIpcs- OctoberCharlie L. Mitchell; October 28, Mr.VirnrvnT! NOVBUiuci j-j.,Pollock: JNovemDerj-- r l. x aii ixi niruni23 Mr. George m. iuiwjuwi, u.vber 25 Mrs. Afabelle Taylor; December 7, Mrs. Susie Elizabeth Mastin; December 12, Mrs. Mary A. Collins; December 12, Mrs BettieRVimont; December 15, Mi. JmesEiley Long; December 24, Mr. Benramfn Whitman Wood. This is anincrease of twelve over 1916.?a ft P!IIW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky. 'lrIIMPRISONMENT TOE SLACKERSSEEKING DISCHARGEER0M ARMY.An appeal is being made to themembers of the Legislature by V. O.Gilbert, State Superintendent ofPublic Schools, to- amend the schoollaws to permit a levy of fifty censnr, iio 51 nn value nf tava.hle rroo-erty for school purposes.He would have the law amendedso as to make the school age in thisState from six to twenty years, instead of six to eighteen. Aneightmonths' term for the rural 'schoolsis advocated.Gilbert would cut out all secondp.inss teachers' certificates after1920, and require elementary agriculture to be taught in the publicschools after 1920.- 1ft S feMUNITIONS EXPLOSION ALMOSTWRECKS BELGIAN CITY.CurL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.The town of Rouffelaere (Roulers) in Belgium, was almost laidwaste recently by the terriffic explosion of an ammunition train causedby bombs dropped by a British airman, according to the frontier correspondent of the Telegraaf. Theairplane itself-was brought downby the aerial pressure- Many .Germans and a few Belgians, the latterengaged in force labor, were killed.sDishonorable discharges from thearmy, which officers believe havebeen seized upon by slackers and objectors as the vehicle of escape frommilitary seivi, will no longer provide such an opportunity under anorder issued by Secretary Baker..-For several weeks the army hasbeen losing men at the rate of 100tniKda dav. They chose to commitI offenses which led to their dishonorable discharge.In the fiflture, Secretary Baker ordered, such men will get terms ofimprisonment with their aiscnaise.and whenever possible, some otherform of sentence will be used.. ?a m taNO MORE DRAST CALLS DUE UNTIL PEBRUARY 15.Provost Marshal General Crowderhas notified State governors thatthere will be no more formal callsfor deferred percentages of the present quota of National Army menwho have been called, but whose order numbers are so low thatthey are not actually in camp, willwill getthe benefit of the new classification. Boards have been instructed, however to continue sending men tumake up deficiencies in the quotacaused by rejection of men alreadyin the service until they haveenough men finally placed in thefirst class. They were notified alsoto expect very shortly calls for menskilled in special lines of work.IK m mIn Harvest Time.The delights of vigorous-manhoodand womanhood are not those of youth,but tfiey are none the less enjoyablebecause of that little difference, saysSt. Paul pioneer Press. A life, welllived, grows, richer, fuller and morebounteous as it approaches the harvestI time. - - "TRAINSdi25101140371233189138381939143223913031FROMARRIVALAtlanta, daily . .-.... .5:25 aaCynthiana, daily except Sunday .... 17:35 aRowland, daily except Sunday f 7r3 amMaysville daily except Sunday .-.7:38 amLexington daily except Sunday. .. , . ...7:40 areCincinnati, O., daily r 1:03 amLexington, daily 10:02 iChicago, daily ,.10:15 amLexington Daily Except Spnday. 12:uo taMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pLexington, Daily 3:07 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily -r 3:15 pmMaysville, Daily 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily Except Sunday.. 5:50 pmLexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pnJacksonville, Fla., Daily j 6:23 piaCincinnati, Sunday only r 9:30 pmLexington Daily 10:23 p nCincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmTRAINSFORLEA VICincinnati, waily 5:30 amCincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, daily except Sunday. .'. 7:47 amMaysville, daily except Sunday . . ....... .7:45Lexington, daily except Sunday 10:25No.3440111013,T Knoxville, daily 10:30 m-33181293839914.19323013131Jacksonville, daily 10:20 amMaysville, Sunday only , 12:04 pmLexington, daily except Sunday 3:25 pmCincinnati, daily 3:2 pmLexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pmRowland, Daily except Sunday .:00 pmMaysville, daily except Sunday g':33 pmLexington, Daily . .x .......' 1:15 fitChicago, daily , ; 6:38 pmCynthiana, dally except Sunday 6:48 DmLexington, Daily .16:45 9mAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10:46 pmNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROMZ Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:3f a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:5 .,-TRAINS DEPART FOR -1 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday s t :2 a. mv .2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally-Ex. Sunda: .-.,,,- j.Tr ij V4LIjizjTw- Jena'sV . - ,-r -.f AGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Ktf."FRIDAY, JAKTJAXf 4," i18. ,! 1 i'H 1M li4-H-iHMH..4.4..il.il.ii.4.4,4..i..n.4,4.4.4.4,4l4,..M.,,4.4M.4.TcS8S2Ef THE PARI& GRAND AND ALAMOf4.ASfflPI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment." Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Friday, January 4thFriday is Ladies' and GovernmentDay. Two Ladies will be Admittedfor One-Admission, plus tbe War TaxENID BENNETTin K. B. Triangle Feature"THEY'RE OFF"a worthy Ince production xf the race track.KOMIC PLAYERSin Triangle Comedy, "His HiddenTalent," Also Animated Weekly News.Saturday, January 5thAlbert E. Smith PresentsMILDRED MANNINGand Wallace Macdonaldin the Yitagraph Blue Ribbon FeatureThe Marriage Speculation'LAWRENCE SEMONin Big V Comedy"GRIT AND GRATITUDE"Monday, January. 7thA BIG PARAMOUNT FEATURESESSUE HAYAKAWAin'The Call of the East"ALSOMack Sennett Paramount Comedy(in two parts)"Are Waitresses Safe?"PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Aduit 13c -war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.) ORCHESTRA2. C Alamor. 2Pco 5:30) Rarls Grande. 7 to "1 0:30l1l1ltiltlllli'1I"!lllll'lIllllI'll!lI'lM'I'a''I'a''I''i'''I-''-I.i.I....i.DEATHS.SMITH.The funeral of little EvelynSmith, baby daughter of Miu andMrs. Thos. K. Smith, who died Monday at the home of her parents, onSixteenth street, -of ptomaine poisoning, was held at the home of Mrs..Mary Hurst, in Millersburg, folio w-ed by interment in the MillersburgCemetery.MATRIMONIAL.RINGO.The funeral of Mr. Henry Bingo, City Clerk of Mt. Sterling, whowas sliot and killed by Deputy U. S.Marshal Eubanks, in Mt. Sterling,was held at the Presbyterian churchin that city Sunday morning, withservices conducted by Rev. M. V.Yekman. The burial followed inthe Machpelah Cemetery, at Mt.Sterling. Mr. Ringo was a cousinof Mrs. Walter Martin, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Martin attended thefuneral.SHELBY.George Douglas Sherley, 60 yearsold, author of several books and atone time a conspieuous figure onthe lecture platform, died at theMartinsville Sanatorium, Martinsville, Ind., where he liad been critically ill for several weeks. Mr.Sherley" had been a frequent visitorin Paris, where he lectured severaltimes. He was well known to theliterary people of Paris.His mother, Mrs. Susan CromwellSherley, now 86 years old, and veryfeeble, -was with him when he died.She is his only surviving near relative, and for years has made herhome with Mr. Sherley at his country residence, Sherley Crest, WolfRun, Fayette county.PARKER GREEN.Miss Sylvesta Parker, for several years a valued correspondentof THE NEWS at Austerlitz, thiscounty, .and Mr. Loney Green, ofthe Austerlitz vicinity, obtained amarriage license in WinchesterTuesday, from County Clerk Skinner, and were married by Judge LeeEvans, in his office at the Clarkcounty court house at eight o'clock.The bride is the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sherman Parken, residing near Clintonville. Mr.Green is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Green, of the same vicinity. Mr.and Mrs. Green will reside at thehome of the groom at Fowler's Shop,near Clintonville.TALBOTT.Mr. J. Morgan Talbott, a former resident of Bourbon county,was killed by a falling tree lastweek near Clinton, 111., where hewas engaged in the lumber business.Mr. Talbottt was brother of Mrs.Wm. C. Dodson, of Paris, to whomthe intelligence of his death camein the form ol a telegram." Mr. Talbott was a son of Mr. andMrs. Sanford Talbott, formerly ofthe North Middletown vicinity. Heleft Bourbon county twelve yearsago, and has been a resident of Clinton eight years.He is survived by two sisters, Mrs.W. C. Dodson, of Paris, and Mrs.George Redmon, of near Paris, and"two brothers, Messrs. Ben H. Talbott, of Cincinnati, and HollidayTalbott, of Illinois. The funeral andburial took place at Clinton, 111.,Monday.GB7FORD BALLARD.Miss Eunice Gifford, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Gifford, whoreside on the Peacock pike, "nearParis, and Mr. Claude Ballard,lately of the L. & N., were marriedTuesday evening at the home of theofficiating minister,. Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch.The attendants were Mr. GeorgeInsko and Miss Maude Parker.The bride is a very prepossessingyoung woman, who has for sometime been employed at the candyfactory of Miss Holladay, in thiscity. Mr. Ballard is in the employof Harris & Dale. Mr. and t Mrs.Ballard will reside in Paris.of tuape bolivia trimmed with grey Church. Special music by Mrs.fox. Fithian. A contest for membershipMr. Humble is a very popular is going on between the Presbyterianand prominent business man, and is Endeavors and the Christian Churchidentified with his father in the Endeavors. Let everyone some andlumber business at Somerset.Mr. and Mrs. Humble left on theevening Louisville & Nashville trainfor an extended wedding journey inthe South.13 isa PaRELIGIOUS.enjoy this servicefc& fe ?NOTED JAP ACTOR IN "THECALL OP THE EAST'The recent fad for things" anddress Japanese, which swept thecountry and which is still 4nducingultra-fashionable women to wear"pagoda hats" and carry elaborateJapanese bags, has been broughtinto play by clever Beulah MarieDix, author of "The Call of theEast,"in which Sessue Hayakawathefamous Jauanese actor will appear atthe Alamo Theatre and Paris Grandon Monday, January 7.Aside from the remarkable dramatic value of the production, thereThe Woman's Society of the are included in it scenes of such trueChristian Church-will have an all- Oriental splendor, and costumes ofA business session of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church washeld in the church parlors lastnight. Reports were read by theofficers, showing the results accomplished by the League in its workduring 1918.9PEED THE SOFT CORN.nati stockyards to farmers in Ohioand Kentucky for feeding purposes.Instead of permitting: the" slaughter of hogs at 100 pounds,-this planwill enable farmers io'ptrt them okthe market at 300 noun'dsi- On ac-Farmers in the frost-stricken district of the corn belt are urged byJoseph P. Cotton, head of the U. S.Food Administration Meat Division,at Chicago, to save the soft corn J count of the great amount- of softO.U.XJ. iccu iu tu livetjuuuis... urgaiiiza-i corn in tne nanas ortion or iarmers to equalize shipping Ohio there is a greatreceipts at the larger livestock markets is also cerommended."The- extent of the damage doneto the great corn crop," said Mr.Cotton,, "wflf make the market problem for soft corn an important one.In the judgment of the Meat Division the best way to market this cornwill be in the form of meat. Theworld situation promises extraordinary opportunities to hog growers,and the Food Administration's pricefarmers inis a great aemsna iorthis size hog. THls corn cannot bemarketed. Stockyard hogs are always more1liable to infection from cholera,, butthe State has taken every precautionagainst the spread of cKoforathrough the distribution of thesehogs. A veterinary employed by theState Department will be statibned:at the Cincinnati yards. All lighthogs, leaving the yards to -go out tothe farmers will be treated with:hog chalera serum and dipped" in abefore being"policy ior tne sprm-tarrowecl crop disInfectant solutioni. U1I1UM UUUU1U Kl U.14. uuutu ijuvii t.j. jUpon arrival at the farm to which"The government program for in- tney are being sent these hogs 'will7tive.picture creased production and saving of he kept in quarantine for 30 day,be anthe soft corn and feed It are in. harmony, and every bushel of soft cornday sewing at the Red Cross sew-'such gorgeousness that themg rooms rooms next Tuesday. The for its beauty alone wouldbusiness session will be held at eminent production.a:6U p. m. Tne Workers' Confer-' Demure little Tsuru Aoki. wife ofii,.. ........ ." , - .-.. -uy i x j i... . ,. Liiu& uiiuzeu is u-u am lo- winningence has been postponed until next j the star, appears in several of the ' the -Heaviest eniuromerea siik Kimonas "and wears queer Japanese footgear. In line with the United StatesAs to her hair dressing it is be- Food Administration's program of Inyond description and the piles and creasing the production of pork andcoils of glistening black hair that as a means of utilizing the largetower above the winsome face make quantities of soft corn in Ohio, N. E.one think only of so much smooth- Shaw, Secretary of the State Departcut jet. Margaret Loomis, who Is ment of Agriculture and Dr. Theo.the second "leading lady" for Mr. A. Burnett, 'Chief of the Bureau ofHayakawa in this photoplay also Live Stock Industry, has announced You never can tell. The bleached'The Endeavor Sooietv of tin Pariq Jwears elaborate Oriental costumes a nlan -heeby feeder and stocker blonde with a light head inay havw , -,.-- (-r- ..... , . . ..... . .Christian church will meet in the during part of the production. noge can- be shipped from Cincm- a heavy Heart.church parlors Sunday night at6:00 o'clock. The subject will be"Christian Duty and Privilege."Leader, Foster Mitchell. The contest with the Endeavor Society ofthe Presbyterian church will beginSunday night.Wednesday night.The Rev. Robert E. Abrahams,who was recently called to the rectorship of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch in Paris, arrived Thursdayfrom Brooklyn, New York. Rev.Abrahams will conduct services atthe church Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock.being kept separate from all otherhogs on the farm.This plan is being worked outwith good results at the Indianapolis, Chicago and Kansas City stockyards. IBS IBB 1MIt isn't necessary the' army cookwho sees to it that the raw recruitgets good and roasted.?a 1E3 1OVERMIRE WAR.FEL.' Miss Gladys Overmire, formerly of this city, and Mr. HowardA. Warfel, of Indianapolis, weremarried at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis D.Overmire, In Yorktown, Ind., onDecember" 25, the Rev. W. H. Harrison, pastor of the Methodistchurch, performing the ceremony inthe presence of immediate relativesand a few intimate friends. Afterthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Warfelleft for a wedding trip. They willreside at the home of the groom inIndianapolis.The bride has been a frequentguest of her sister, Mrs. H. M. Hamilton, and Dr. Hamilton, at their"home on Mt. Airy avenue, in thisity, and will be pleasantly remembered by her many friends. Mr.Warfel is assistant draftsman in thAviation Department of the Nordyck & Marmon Company, in Indianapolis.COLUMBIA.3 The funeral of Mr. George Co"tumbia, aged eighty-eight, who died' "suddenly at his home near CenterVille, Mounday, was held Tuesday- afternoon at four o'clock with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, by Rev. R. C. Gold3 - smithr pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch.Mr. Columbia, who was a prom--inent farmer of the Centerville vi-- Minify had been in apparently good- - health, and while walking up thebath leading to his home, wasstricken suddenly. Help was sum-moned-Sndthe stricken man remov-- . to the house, where Tie expired. a short time.- ' Mr Columbia is survived by one.daughter,' Mrs. Reedy Hash, ofYoungstown, Ohio, and six sons,iZkn George and Henry Columbia,li tki county; Robert. Nathan andjLu4i Columbia, of nf r- Lexing-THOMPSON HUMBLE.The marriage of Miss SarahElizabeth Thompson, of Paris, toMr. Lewis Herschel Humble, of Somerset, Ky., was solemnized on Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock, at thehome of the bride's parents, Mr. andMrs. Ira Drake Thompson, on Duncan avenue.The bride is beautiful, blonde intype, and a very talented musician,having a rare soprano voice. Shewas graduated at the Kentucky College for Women at Danville. She isthe only daughter of the house andwill be greatly missed by a host ofadmiring and loving friends.The wedding was very quiet, withonly the immediate relatives beingpresent.The bride wore a costume ofwhite Georgette crepe with trimming of panne velvet, and hat -andgloves. She wore a corsage bouquet of Ophelia -buds and valleylilies.The ring ceremony was verygracefully said by Rev. Frank J.Cheek, of Danville.The bride wore a going-away-suitThe Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:30 at the courthouse. The subject will be, "Christian Duty and Privilege." Theleader will be Mrs. Harry B. Clay.This will be a consecration meeting,he proceeds to go to the War WorksFund of the Southern PresbyterinNOTICE.The 1917 accounts of all personsowing me are now due, and all areasked to please call and settlepromptly. (4jan-3t) J. ELVOVE.NOTICE.Employers of children under 16years of age will do -well to ififormthemselves oTthe Child Labor Law,inposing heavy fines for employingsuch children. This law is subjectto enforcement, both by truant officers and State inspectors. Theseofficers are also subject to fine fornon-enforcement.T. A. HENDRICKS,(It) Supt. Public Schools.GreatuctionsTh2lce of Ourrlced For Quick SeSllitay Ssioes rmmorrow,liPiayABSOLUTE CLEARANCE!NOTHING TO BE LEFT OVERAn AutomobilePREEMrs. Nellie Highland has donatedher handsome Oakland Touring Carto the Young Women's ChristianAssociation of War Workers. Thiscar will be converted into moneybetween now and the 15th of January. Youn ladies will sell ticketsat ?100 each, and every purchaserof a ticket will have an interest inthe car and on the 15th itwill bodecided as to who' will become thesole owner. The young ladies selling' these tickets will give full details. This is for a good cause anda worthy one. Don't fail to buy aticket. The car is in good shapeand is complete with ' all the ex-itras, etc.It will be the aim of the youngladies to dispose of all the ticketsfon court day. There will only be300 sold. Buy one. The car is nowon display at the Redmon Motor CarCo.'a Garage, and Mn Claude Redmon, Jr., will take pleasure in showring it ..to any one who is interested- w - . " . - vA -f4lt')i. f-All Grades ofMen's, Women's and ChilctrrfsysfandRubber, - That Must Appeal to AilAT LOWEST PRICES !DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReifafcJOSWP"W5iIWWVJ-.