ixir.viM'jijp-1 v vv?T?,.xt4 p H.awMVfl;i- -i,?- v. 0&tfr& -tltr!t-'NEWSX . .VKHf ,r-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.rVOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESPAY, JUNE 25, 1918iHiiTMufej' " MBOURBON-ITMtX,rsvNDT THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Hershel Humble, who marriedMiss Sarah Thompson, of this city,left Saturday from Camp Forest, Ga.,for an Eastern port, from which heTvill sail shortly for France.Mr. William Kenney Thomas, oft near Hutchison, left last week forthe Aviation Camp of the Officers'Reserve Corps, at Cornell University,Ithaca, New York. He was accompanied as far as Cincinnati by hismother, Mrs. William B. Thomas,who visited relatives there.A postcard from Mr. Bruce Preston, of Ashland, stated that he hadenlisted in the United States Navy.Young Preston is a son of Mrs.Henry Preston, of Ashland, formerlyMiss Allie Miller, of Millersburg,and a nephew of Mr. Bruce Miller,of the Kentuckian-Citizen.Non-com. officer Roy Sharp, whohas been stationed at Paris for several weeks as recruiting officer, during which time he has given excellent, service, has been transferred toJackson, Ky. Mr. Sharp niade a largecircle of friends during his stay inParis by his gentlemanly qualities.He was the right man for the place.Corp. Allen Huddleston, Sergt.Harry Barlow and Private MikeShannon were at home on furloughSunday from Camp Zachary Taylor.Sergt. Barlow says. the colored draftees from Bourbon county are thehappiest bunch of men he has yet.seen in the camp. They are alwaysin good humor, and furnish all kindsof entertainment at the camp.The Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40 which left Camp ZacharyTaylor, sometime ago, is temporarilyencamped at Camp Mills, New York.Baldwin Woods, who was a recentguest of his mother, Mrs. JackWoods, writes that he is now withthe Unit, and that they are all"busily engaged in anticipation of receiving orders to embark for France.tA letter received by THE NEWSfrom Jos. W. Davis, who is at thGreat Lakes Training Camp, statesthat he is in good health, happy andpleased with his work. He is nowout of quarantine and has beentransferred to the Aviation Division.He said he was developing into a goodhouse-girl, as he had just finishedcleaning house, washing windows,etcHenry E. Everman, son of Mrs. J.A. Gilkey, of Paris, who has beenstationed at Camp Dewey, at theGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,near Chicago, has been transferredrhr tt s. S. Wolverine, at Detroit,Mich. Young Everman wrote hismother to be sure to notify THENEWS of his change of address ashe had missed several copies of thepaper, which is his estimation,amounted almost to a calamity.Frequent changes innomnc TnnirA it a. hardthe armymatter forTHE NEWS to keep up with the soldier boys. Numerous compiamwhave reached us that papers have notbeen received. This trouble is duemainly to the fact that the changesfrom one camp to another gives theboys little chance to advise us. Pleasedrop us a postal cara at uu WMwing us of change of address so the pa-f pers may be received on time.They're going over, or have ali ready gone probably by this time,I from Camp Zachary Taylor. Mr. LeeSpears, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turneyand Mr. and Mrs. Amos TurneyI motored to the camp Sunday to visit, I Private Jack Turneyand the otherBourbon county boys there. Theyfound them as busy as bees, but happy and contented. When they leftSunday night the camp was fairlybuzzing with bustle and activity,the soldiers packing up preparatoryto being transferred to some Southern camp. It is probable that erethis the Kentucky boys will be enf aether camn. Press dispatches in the daily papers have forecast such a moye for some time..Private Maurice Burnaugh and TopSe'rgeant J. Miller Burnaugh, bothformer residents of Pans, visited' their parents, Mr. and Mrs JamesBiSnaugh, in LagSbefore returning to army duties.f..lz -m,a,ifrh who was formerlyT member ol the Lexington Heraldstaff? in the Intelligence Depart. ment of the army service at Ft.Thomas Sergt. Miller Burnaugh isSir of e Aviation Corps andis stationed at Camp Green nearCharlotte, North Carolina - His jristwas in the natufe of a farewen,he will leave sopn with his commandfor duty in France.At the L. & N. station in this city,'' -' Saturday morning,. while the tram- , was being made up to carry the wl-f Y ored draftees to Camp Zachary Tay' ir one of the colored drafted men, frn Carnsle, while stretching Wm-' f .self engaged in conversation with aI Paris draftee. He complimented the5y the Paris men were taken careof and noted tHe presence of theLiberty Drum Corps, the city officialsand other evidences of appreciation.9 nd 2?TJ: tnirt him of the send-t, ; Paris always gives its draftedJK nPand spoke It the supper tender-inerawaiu"----- ft.dj imm on Friday night, 'ine yrSli Sn rubbed his chin reflectivelyitcia mani' Jew 'moments, and-asne , xuxbcuPARIS PEOPLE INJURED IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT.Miss Delia Mastin, of Paris, suffered a broken arm,' and Miss Elise Heller and Messrs. Sam and Will Mastin,all of Paris, were slightly bruised asa result of an automobile collision ata sharp curve on the road near Corinth, in Grant county, Saturday.The party left Paris early Saturday morning in the Mastin machinefor a visit to friends in Covingtonand Newport. Nothing happeneduntil they were approaching a sharpcurve on the road between Georgetown and Corinth. At this point thecurve is so abrupt that it is almostimpossible for the driver of a machineto see what is approaching from theopposite direction. When the Parisparty reached the curve Mr. SamMastin, who was driving, repeatedlysounded his horn. Suddenly a machine dashed from the opposite side,'and before either driver, could avertit the big machine crashed into theone in which the Paris party wereriding, smashing and damaging itand throwing the occupants out. Thebig machine, which it was ascertained afterwards belonged to WilliamLong, of Lexington, was on thewrong side of the road, according tothe members of the Paris' party. MissMastin's right arm was broken, Mr.Sam Mastin sustained a sprainedwrist, his brother Mr. Will Mastinand Miss Heller were scratched andbruised, but otherwise uninjured.The occupants of the Lexingtonjmachine came to the aid of the injured and did all they could. Medicalaid was summoned, and a machinesent from Georgetown to take theParis people back. There they weremet later by Mr. Walter Mastin, ofParis, who had been quickly notified,and taken back to Paris. The damaged machine was brought to Georgetown, and later sent to this city forrepairs. Miss Mastin was reportedyesterday as resting very comfortably. COMPANIES WILL ADVANCE INSURANCE TEN PER CENT.Insurance companies have notifiedthe State Rating BoaTd that a blanket increase of 10 per cent will bemade on all classes of fire insurance,with the exception of farm property,July 1. An increase of 10 per cent,will be jmade on hail insurance, theorder to become effective July 10.At present the insurance companiesclaim that they are losing money onhail insurance, and as there are onlyeight companies writing this class ofinsurance, the State Rating Boardwill make some kind of terms withthe companies in order to protect thefarmers.away, said saaiy, "wen, san, wnendey gets ready to ship dese niggahsat Carlisle, all dey does is ter backup de train an' say, 'Here, you niggahs, git on boa'd and scoot!' "Mr. Carl Barton, who has been inthe employ of the Louisville & Nashville, at this point, has gone to hisold home in Mt. Olivet. Mr. Brattonis in the draft call from Robertsoncounty, and will leave with theother selectives from that county onJune 28 for Camp Zachary Taylor.During his residence in Paris, Mr.Bratton was a member of the clericalforce of the Louisville & Nashville.The boys at Camp Taylor say thatour Jack Turney is simply irrepressible. A few nights ago Jack received a pressing invitation to attend services at the Y..M. C. A.headquarters in the camp. He attended and listened respectfully tothe speaker who had been exhortingthe boys to be true representativesof American manhood. At the finishof a fervid appeal the speaker asked,".Boys, are you saved?" There was.not a very enthusiastic reply." Jackwas sitting at the end of a row ofkhaki-clad "boys" close to the rostrum. Soniething in his beamingcountinance must have struck thespeaker forcibly. Turning and pointing his finger directly at Jack, heasked, pointedly: "Young man, areyou saved?""Dont know, sir, just yet tne warisn't over yet," replied Jack.And then the khaki-clad men hada hard time keeping their facesstraight, while the speaker resumedhis efforts Talong other lines.Mr. Nathan H. Bayless, who re-icently enlisted in the army serviceand was sent to Ft. Thomas, is nowstationed at Ft. Oglethorpe, Georgia,where he has been placed in the Veterinary Corps. Mr. Bayless, in a recent letter to his friend, Mr. Joe B.Smith, of East Paris, says in part:"I am certainly in one hot place.I verily believe it is about 100 in theshade here right now I am located at Ft. Oglethorpe, Ga., havingarrived here last Sunday from Ft.Thomas, Ky. I have been placed mthe Veterinary Corps, and I think Iam going to like it very much. - It isquite a new organization in the armyservice, having been in operationir oVirit fmir months. I thinkStoner Keller would like this branchof the service. If he goes In the armyA no-'ht to nslc to be nut in the Veterinary Corps I have been drilling on foot in the morning, and inthe afternoon we have drills on horseback I don't think we will geta. chance to go across the big pondhnfnr thA middle of August or thefirst of September Please steph THE BOURBON NEWS omce ana. &ve tne paper Sent to me for a .year.,apould be better than a I, etter from, home to me.. "rQne xalllngne and I know thatTOeans,duty, so wu write 6. fMR. HANCOCK WANTS THE SPORTTO CONTINUE.A communication has been received Iby Gen. W. B. Haldeman, of Louis-iville, a member of the KentuckyState Racing Commission, from A. B.Hancock, of Paris, an extensivebreeder of thoroughbred horses inKentucky and Virginia. In writingfrom New York, Mr. Hancock says:"Gen. W. B. Haldeman, Louisville,Ky- Dear General: If racing shouldcease for the duration of the war,wholesale castration of the best coltsin the country would follow, in orderthat they could be kept together likefillies or cattle; as it is much cheaperthan keeping them as entire horses.The result would be that many ofthe best horses, like Roamer, Borrow,Old Rosebud, Boots, Stromboli andothers, would be unable to reproducetheir good qualities in the horses ofthe United States. The Remount Department at Washington can testifyas to the scarcity of horses in thiscountry such as the men who followed Morgan rode, and also as to theavailability of thoroughbred stallions capable of siring such horses."When the war is over we will beunable to get them in other countries, as many breeders there are, onaccount of the scarcity of feed, eithernot breeding their mares, or aregrowing "a lot of inferior and underfed stock. This has been especiallynoticeable in the yearlings importedin the last few years from France.The English are declining to partwith their best at any price. It willbe especially harmful at this time ifKentucky, the thoroughbred nurseryof America, should now set such anexamnle as is nrnnnspri "With hptt(fishes, sincerely yours,Xi.. o. XaXi.l.UXY.C00P& LENT CIRCUS WILL POSITIVELY SHOW HERE TO-DAY.In some unaccountable manner urumor gained circulation Sunday andyesterday to the effect that the Coop& Lent Circus, which had been billed to appear here to-day, had beenquarantined at Nicholasville, Versailles and Shelbyville, all on thesame day and at the same time, onaccount of an outbreak of small pox.iNouiing further from the truthcould have gained circulation. Arepresentative of the circus was inParis yesterday and confirmed the report that the show would positivelyappear here to-day, a fact which 'bythis time needs no confirmation, asit is here. He stated that the onlvtime they have ever been delayed wasn. , , , , "Xwhen there was a slight disarrangement of the gear of one of the bigmotor trucks, which required sometime to repair.The admission to the nftrformnncp;rn;h hat. and overalls. He is toothis afternoon ancL to-night will be busy even to accept money. It isfifty-five cents, including the war tax, possible, however, that he wouldfor adults, and thirty cents for chil-1 spare a few minutes' time for a hazeldren under twelve years of age. eyed-beauty."twE'KNOW'Hiw"-!Ill 111NETTLETON SHOESA BBWe are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. They haveno equal when it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for every dollar spent.LOW CUT SHOESIn Tans and Blacks, Light WeightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf Stocks'For the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wearthe Torsic last, made only by Nettleton, Built so as toallow perfect ease and comfort when your feet are in theshoes.Buy Your Shoes From Our 'Store and Be Satisfied !Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole. Shoe sold only by us. Theshoe made with the soft, velvet-like cushion sole-the onlyshoes for the man with tender feet.III'MITCHELL &ARGUMENT BEGUN IN HARVESTHELD RESULTS IN DEATHAs the result ofan argumentwhich began in the harvest field andwas renewed sometime Friday mornline rp T nn i-i. " , -,.,.ed WVosepl LaytSrat tie latter;shnmo nMV xrie, . .,.. mt-"6t a. o. vidiucu was siioc ana Kintwo men are first cousins. : four o'clock. County ChairmanAccording to the . testimony before Silas E. Bedford presided,the Coroner's jury, Gattrell assaulted I All the workers were present andLayton with a stone, while Layton manifested keen interest in the proand Mrs. Layton were sitting on the t ceedings. The purpose of the meetfront porch at their home. Layton 'p- w prfAf in nni inatmntsecured a revolver and fired a shot atGattrell's feet to frighten him. Gattrell renewed the assault with a fusilade of stones, one of which grazedMrs Layton's head. Layton againfired, the bullet taking effe'ct inGattrell's abdomen. The injured masank to the ground. Mrs. Layton raito a neighbor s house; over half amile and telephoned for a physician,but Gattrell died before the latterreached his side. Coroner Davis wasnotified and empaneling a jury, conducted an inquest, which resulted inLayton's exoneration, the verdict being that he acted in self-defense.Layton surrendered to Sheriff WaG. McClintock, and was brought toParis. He was at once taken before'rV , J."1 ISIUII. J.I1&1 UUUY, OLLIKI UtJiUUlft Lilt?evidence, refused to indict Laytonand he was discharged from custody,returning to his home.Gattrell was a-native of Harrisoncounty, but had long resided at BlueLick Springs, in Nicholas county, andin Robertson county. He is survivedby his mother, Mrs. Sallie LaytonGattrell, and "one brother, FrankGattrell. The body was taken to theundertaking establishment of Geo. W.Davis, in this city, and prepared for iburial. The funeral and brial tookplace Sunday at Piqua, in Robertsoncounty.m Ta a"REXALL" 1-CENT SALEAttend the "RexaU" 1-Ceiit Sale,starting to-morrow atVARDEN & SON'S.LOCAL MEN FIGURE IN DAY'SOIL NEWS.The Oil World, published at Lexington,-and devoted to the Kentuckyoil industry, has the following:"The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany's Nq. 2 J. G. Rogers well inthe Estill county field, is creditedwith 25 barrels"Felix Renick, of the McCombs OilCompany, has relinquished his officeduties at the Louisville office temporarily to John Price. Felix owrts athreshing machine and is now operating in Clark county, wearing his buji-Are KnownFrom, CoastTo CoastjIMBLAKEMOREIWAR SAVINGS STAMP DRIVE IN-AUGURATED YESTERDAY.A meeting of the nrecinct chairmen and their assistants who are toconduct the drive for the sale ofWar Savings Stamps was held at thecourt house Sunday afternoon atthe chairmen and assistants in theirduties.The big drive began yesterdaymorning, when the workers in thecity and county began a systematichouse-to-house canvas of their territory. At noon yesterday two workers who had only been able to devotetwo hours of their time to the work,told THE NEWS man they had secured over $750, and had not calledon over one-eighth of the people in"their territory. Thfs augurs well forthe rest of the week if the averageis kept up. The drive is now on inearnest until the night of June -28.At a (meeting held in Clintonville,Friday night an inspiring address-i.t. . -r-rwas made by Hon. Claude M. Thomas.At this meeting the sum of $4,560was raised in a short time, and thegreatest enthusiasm prevailed. NorthMiddletown has made a handsomeI showing by adding the sum of $8,685to its contribution. Other precinctsin the county are coming forwardnicely. Up to last night the WarSavings Stamp- Limit Honor Roll,composed of those who have subscribed or pledged theniselves to takethe limit, $1,000, had reached atotal of 147.The headquarters of the War Savings Stamp Campaign Committee is inthe Broadway side of the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Co., withvMiss Elizabeth Steele, county chairman, in charge, with a corps ofassistants. Stamps may be securedthere in any quantity, from $5.00on up to the, $1,000 limit. MissSteele and her helpers are at theheadquarters every day ready to receive contributions.'The following name3 have;, beenadded to the list of limit subscriberssince Saturday: Mrs. A. G. Jones,Miss Ina Jones, W. P. Thomas, Dr.C. B. Simith, Miss Kate Alexander,.Benj. Woodford, Sr., W. D. Wills,Mrs. Sallie W. Spears, Miss MaymeSpears, Miss Elizabeth Spears, JohnLeer, Deposit Bank of Millersburg.The committee had not tabulatedthe money and pledges received upto last night, but Chairman S. E.Bedford stated there was yet about$100,000 to be raised by next Friday night.Below is given a complete list orthe precinct committeemen and theirassisctants. The first named in eachprecinct is chairman for his precinct:Paris Precinct No. 1.Dr. H. M. Dailey.v F. P. Lowry.Woodford Spears.Thos. Kiser. .Harry Kerslake.Walter Payne.Frank M. Clay.H. O. James.(Continued on Page 7)STATE EPWORTH LEAGUE ATHARRODSBURG THIS WEEKThe ninth annual assembly of theKentucky Conference, EpworthLeague, will be held at the MethodistEpiscopal Church, South, at Harrodsburg from Tuesday, June 25 to 28.Miss Elizabeth Clark,president of theHarrodsburg chapter, -will deliverthe welcome address, and Dennis v.Snapp, of Paris, President of theKentucky Conference, EpworthLeague, will make the response andaddress to the conference. The election of officers will take place at theafternoon session on Friday.RED CROSS CANARIES TO BE DISPOSED OF TO-MORROW. -iAt the real estate office of theOssian Edwards Real Estate Agency,on Main street, in this city, at eleveno'clock to-morrow morning, the twofine canaries, which had been donatedfor Red Cross purposes by Mr3.Frankie Paton, will be given away,literally speaking. They will be disposed of under a system which insures all a fair chance to becomeowner of one or both of the birds.The singers, which had been named"General Pershing" and "Jack Pershing" for patriotic reasons, are finespecimens of the canary breed andwere raised by Mrs. Paton, in thiscity Much interest has been manifestedin the disposition of the canaries, and a large crowd will be presentto-morrow morning when the- affairtakes place. Everybody invited tocome.PERSHING DEWES REPORTS JEGARDING COLORED SOLDIERSFormal denial of reports circulatedin this country, presupiaoiy oy vrei--man agents, that negro somierswuthe Amercian Expeditionary ruiare being given more dangerous workthan "the white troops, was caneu wthe War Department by GeneralPerching. The message said the negroes were in high spirits and thattheir only complain was that ,ta ywere not. given more active service. -SEVENTH DISTRICT ISPUlXI-tCAHS OPPOSE CAHTEH!' 'WITH HAMMOKP.A. B. Hammond, well-known oiland lumber man of Irvine, Ky., waiendorsed as the Republican candidate for Congress to oppose J. Caiajbell Cantrill, Democrat, for re-elc-tion,by Republican committee of thSeventh Congressional District atmeeting in the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Saturday morning. Hammondfiled nomination papers at Frankfortyesterday.The copimittee- adopted resolutionssupporting the administration ofPresident Wilson in all questionsconcerning the war. Resolutionswere also Adopted which called attacks made on former PresidentRoosevelt and other Republican, leaders "unfair and un-American." Dr.Ben L. Bruner, Louisville, and JudgeB. J. Bethurum, Somerset, Republican cadidates for nomination forUnited States Senator from the seventh district, addressed the committeemen. Before the committee went into session "there was strong talk of JudgeH. Clay Howard, of Paris, formerUnited States Minister to Peru, being indorsed for the, nomination, andMr. Hammond offered a motion thatJudge Howard be endorsed by accclamation. This suggestion struck a responsive chord, but after some discussion of the matter, Is was thoughtbest to get in telephone communication with Judge Howard, apprisehim of the unanimity of sentiment infavor of his candidacy expressed bythe comjmittee and urge him to acceptthe honor.N. A. Moore, the chairman of Bourbon county, was accordingly delegated to confer with him over long-distance-telephone for this purpose.After making an urgent appeal toJudge Howard to yield to the solicitations of his party friends andtmakethe Tace, Mr. Moore returned fo themeeting with the announcement thathis efforts were unavailing and thatJudge Howard positively refused tobe a candidate, giving as his reasonsthat pressing legal business in NewYork would take him out of the Statethe greater part of the summer andthat he would be unable to make acanvas of the district, such as wouldbe required to put up an aggressivefight.BIG DRAFT CALL COMINGAUGUST.nrL. The biggest call for draft men-yetissued is expected about August, atwhich time probably the camps willbe cleared of all the men now intraining. .-The order, defining unnecessary occupations, has been received by MajorHenry Rhodes. Clerks in stores andoffices, excepting heads of accounting and other departments and thoseengaged in heavy-lifting, travelingsalesmen, buyers, engineers, electricians, upholsterers and registered'pharmacists; all employes engaged ingames, sports and amusements, excepting legitimate actors and opera'singers, employes of eating houses,including bell boys, waiters and bartenders, but cooks and (managers,are liable to the call without chanceof being deferred.ChauffeursT public and privater unless their work 'includes other occupations, are expected.Major Howard Adams, of ProvostMarshal General Crowder's staff, hasjust completed an inspection of the,Kentucky draft department. t ( .JOHREN WINS LATONIA BERBYIN 2:33.Johren, the crack eastern three-year-oldby Spearmint out of Minaola,carrying the light blue colors of Harry Payne Whitney, annexed the Latonia Derby, Saturday, to his alreadylong list of winnigs when he trareled a mile and a half in two minutesand 33 seconds, finishing threelengths in front of five other three-year-oldshailing from Kentucky andCanada.Exterminator, who was threelengths back, was a length in frontof Freecutter, George Long's entry,while the Canadian colt Hollinger,from the stable of D. Raymond, obtained fourth jmoney.Johren enriched his owner ta theextent of $9,925,-as well as capturingone of the premier honors of theWestern turf. The time for the race,2:33 flat, was fair, the record beingheld jointly by Governor Gray, 1911and John Gund, 1914, 2:30 2-5.MEASURING AND WEIGHINGTEST OF BABIES CONCLUDED.The weighing and measuring ofbabies of the city and county undersix tears of age, which was in. ,pro-"gress at the court, house all lastweek, was concluded Saturday auernoon, when the ladies in charge reported a total of one hundred amdfifty-five babies measured, weighedand tested.The tests were thorough in. everyrespect and were eminently aatktfactory to those in charge of the work.The tests were conducted under thesupervision of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, the physicians and nurses and members ofthe various women's organlzationsofthe city and county. ,;"TJOMMUNITY CHORUS, TAXE 'NOTICE sSince the Chorus is expected to furnish the music for the patriotic maMmeeting on Priday, June 28, ertrymember is urged to be praeat at fkmlast rehearsal, taitf (Tuesday) evading at 8 p. m, at the Baptist canreluNo one can taice,yor,;tlwrt. iki' 1IIl.yrJf -&J&-jfr- -ist',T. , rt i iAiBll sai iff. iir3kwvTm-lnff$tM'.AAattfMM&lfc1&?igiTwtTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, SY:TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 111.IUE BOURBON NEWS' JftaUisliedL 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationMrtisked Ererj Tuesday and FridayFr 'Year.. $2.00 6 Months. . $1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owntr,'Anr erroneous reflection upon thethrtctor, gtanding or reputation ofaaor parson, firm or corporation whichMy appear in the columns of THE-OUHBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thetaitor.ADVERTISING RATES9gplay Advertisements, $1.00 perJmsk for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-vvaach issue; reading notices in black"tT9, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl"Mlatas, obituaries and resolutions, and-otmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise'asents'and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-"4a iecUae any advertisement or otherMatter' for publication.Aaoumcements for political offices-ast invariably be accompanied by-4he cash.- - This paper has enlisted"'viththe government in thecause of America for thev-eriod of the war' EDITORIAL MUSINGS.VTrue Patriotism.Once more Bourbon county is go-"ang to "go over the top." This time"' it will be the campaign for the sale-of War Savings Stamps. It will bejust another slap in the face of thosetreacherous, skulking German propa-'rgandists who have tried in vain tomake .the world believe that we werer rat close-fisted, money-loving nation,' -too miserly to give our dollars to thev cause."What a rude awakening it" will be1!orthose plunderers when they hear-df the good work we have been doing,ven here in the little county of33ourbon, and the little city of Paris!IBut, then, we will be there, and in"vthe parlance of the day, "we will bethere with our heads up and feetflying over the top." Wilhelm and3iis murderous gang will be sure toliear from old Bourbon and the Stateof Kentucky, and we wonder what4he effect will be on that select:assembly of Imperial Murderers, who-wear the cloak of royalty, and have' plunged humanity into such unspeakable sorrow.'This should be the spirit of ourigiving to the War Savings Stampcampaign in this county:"We'll give, give, give. We'll sacrifice" our last dollars, mortgage our"homes, wear patched clothes and our' 3ast year's hats. We'll do all of this,and more, if necessary, for where isthe comparison to what the boys in'-"khaki and blue -are doing in Franceto-day for us, our homes and our."country. No, we'll not care if Miss" !Eli2abeth Steele carries the campaign5st?er -another week, for we're going"to subscribe, each and every one of-us to the fullest extent of our ability.It will be for a world-wide mission. JOf mercy. We are playing the great&t game the world has ever known...or "very lives and the lives of ourfriends, our relatives, our children,are at stake. So, just keep on asksng us, Uncle Sam! Make your requests as big and as often as needed.We'll be there with the last cent.Our generous responses in the pastto the Red Cross and the LibertyjXrimns have proven to your satisfac-v J-tion that we'll arise to every call.v Our constant prayers are centered ont those heroes and heroines in France.""7We have gone into the game to winand win we will and we'll notstop uiftil the Hun is driven to coverand our Bourbon county boys comehome covered with glory and honorsvwon on the battlefields of Europe."The city of Paris and the countydf Bourbon are but small patches onthe great footstool called Earth, butthank Heavens, the way they have' -copne up in the campaigns of the" "past have made Jhem look to many-of us ,as big as the city of New York,--and as tremendous as the State ofTxas. Now, all together, and let'sfm&ke "Miss Steele have to borrow the' 3oop & Iient circus motor truck3 toscarry the funds to the bank when the- drive "is over!5 Many Ken'-of Many Minds." Every man lias a different idea as"" to what should be done to win the" "war. This has been the case in everyrsreat event of the world's history.It only goes to show that no singlev way is sufficient. All we can do, then,k our own-bit, having implicit faithia the wisdom of those men upon-wioe shoulders the real burden- 4amy'Mea-.are complaining becausetldf bfjeweriesj contihuefcrun, hilethoracis ugentjnaftl ofthe'foouffsaaa1 other legitimate copfmbdities.Other people are lamenting over thefact that large areas of rich landsare being used for the raising of tobacco, instead of using this sameacreage for the raising of corn andwheat and potatoes. Still others areloud in their criticisms of the thousands of dogs that are kept and fedand it is true that but few of thesedogs are of any public value.Governments are not all-powerful,and they hesitate to do many thingsthat look like obvious needs to theaverage citizen. .Personally, we can'tsee why the President shouldn't goahead and mind his own business aswell as the business of the countryat large. But" if he undertook toregulate all the things complained ofthere would be such an upheaval inthe country that he would have verylittle peace. And especially wouldsuch be the case if he undertook tosend agents all through the countryto kill off all the dogs. Now,wouldn't there be a protest and ahowl, not only from the dogs, butfrom their owners? You know it.Some of the problems in this worfdthat look really very small are in reality the very biggest ones. Gradually these things are going to beelijininated for the momentum of public sentiment, is irresistible in thelong run, though to the thoughtlessobserver there appears to be -nomovement going on." The big moral of this editorial ishave confidence in the perceptionof heads of the Government, for theireyes are open night and day, andthey are always watching. Whenthe time comes to put the ban on anycondition detrimental to our nationallife, it will be done and done thoroughly, too. There is an old saying:"They that govern most make theleast noise. You see, when they rowin a barge, they that do the drugery.work, slash and puff and sweat, buthe that governs them sits quietly inthe stern, and is scarce seen, to stir."Protect the Baby.The season has arrived when babieshave begun to drink fly poison androll in sticky fly paper in intervalsof falling into carelessly placed tubsof water.Families with babies have no business using fly poison. Little legs areactive, little hands reach for everything and little mouths think theworld was jmade to taste. Fly trapsand stick paper are safe, and theywill do as much as poison in eradicating flies. The baby who knocks downa fly trap does no damage and if heexperiments with the sticky paper heis only fit for the bath tub. But thebaby who drinks fly poison seldomlives to profit by the experience.All To The Good.While all the world is tops-a-turvy,jerky and panicky, we hear of butmighty few farmers making assignments. Aand while they often feelthey are oppressed of the nation,yet, after all, how little they know ofthe sudden reverses of fortune, fromwealth to pauperism, and a strugglefor life in the uncertain speculativeworld. They are the "reserves"which the army of the nation candrop back to and start anew to victory. Automobile vs. Team.Sopie complaint has come regarding the giving of half the road incase of an automobile coming up behind a team. The parties claim thatwhen they come up behind a fellowwith a team he stubbornly refuses togive any of the road, no matter ifthere is plenty of room to turn out.Now the law recognizes the right ofboth the man with the team and theman with auto, and these rightsshould be respected. There are plentyof men who are running autos whoshould be driving ox teams and visaversa, but all men should not betreated that way. The law says thatwhen a man is overtaken by a fastervehicle, the man driving the slowerMICKIE SAYSrVEP.THeS SCfcDS OFGOOD FELLEfcS AROVJN TH3HEBE TOWN, fcUf tne. BSTOP 'EM AfcE -THE FEU-ERS VMHOBRING- M THEVR COPN ANlM)S EKRV.V so we mnVroshgo to oeacth errvNOVJ-f THE PPEB. ONtnve &o ?vehicle shall .turn out and give halfof the beatehpath. . 'Now; All TggtaerJf ,There should be no faction in ourlittle city. There should be a mutualinterest in property of our people.When we see indifference t6 the wellbeing of its citizens, we see a townall wise men shun Success and failure are each a part of life and oftenthose who have made the hardestfight are vanquished in the race.hi Pa pbWe know a man who worked hardfor several years, had saved a littlemoney, and invested it in a concernwhich promised thirty per cent, dividends, but which is now owingmoney. Hard luck.eh?DO IT NOW,Paris People Should Not Wait UntilIt Is Too Late.The appalling death-rate from kidney disease is due largely to the factthat the little kidney troubles areusually neglected until they becomeserious. The slight symptoms oftengive place to chronic disorders andthe sufferer may slip gradually intosome serious form of kidney complaint. If you suffer from backache, headaches, dizzy spells; if the kidney secretions are irregular of passage andunnatural, do not delay. Help thekidneys at once.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyfor kidney disorders they act whereothers fail. Over one hundred thousand people have recommended them.Here's a Paris case:Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasant St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills at different times, getting themfrom Oberdorfer's Drug Store and Ihave found them a splendid medicine.Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weakand lame, I have found a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills has been sufficient to cure me of the attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the' same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.NOTICE!rBids Received Up UntilNoon, July 5, 1918,on BuildingSanitarySewersParis, Bourbon County,Kentucky.Sealed proposals will be received atthe office of the Mayor of Paris, Bourbon County, Kentucky, up until 12o'clock, noon,JULY 5, 1918,for the furnishing of materials andconstructing a system of sewer ofabout two miles of pipe ranging from8 inches to 15 inches in diameter,together with manholes and neces:sary appurtenances.Alternate bids will" be received for.this improvement, viz:FIRST For furnishing of all laborand materials to complete the work.uSECOND For furnishing the necessary labor (hauling all (materialsfrom the railroad siding to the siteof the work), teaming, tools, etc.,and making the necessary excavation,laying pipe, constructing manholes,etc.THIRD For furnishing all materials, sewer pipe, iron pipe, cement,brick, etcv F. O. B. cars, Paris, Bourbon County, Ky.Each bid must be accompanied by acertified check payable to the City ofParis, Ky., for a sum of 5 of theamount of4the bid. Certified checksaccompanying rejected proposals willbe returned.If any proposal be accepted theparty or parties making the sameshall execute the contract and furnish the required bond, satisfactoryto the City, of Paris, within ten (10)days after receiving notice. For failure so to do, the certified check whichacconipanied the proposals will beforfeited to the City of Paris.All bids shall be in accordance withthe plans and specifications for thework on file at the office of the Mayorat Paris, Ky., and at the office of J.A. Stewart, Civil Engineer, No. 1,113Traction Building, Cincinnati, Ohio,from whom copies of said plans andspecifications may be obtained bymaking a deposit of $5.00 whichamount will be refunded upon return of same on or before-the 15 dayof June, 1918.The City of Paris, Ky., reservesthe right to reject any part of a proposal or any and all proposals: .(Signed)v ' r m E. B. JANUARY,, ''i " Mayor.For4GoodJsecphd-hnd 'Milwaukee Binder. First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb. Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT, -(tf) High Street.For Sale or RentOne 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.( 1 8-tf ) Home Phone 397.WANTEDTwo furnished bed rooms, withkitchenette or use of kitchen; innice neighborhood, near in; gentleman and wife, no children.J. D. HEDRICK,(21-2t) Windsor Hotel.Help Wanted.Girl and boy wanted. Good wagesand nice work. Apply toELECTRIC DRY CLEANING ' CO.,(21-2t) Fifth Streeet.Ford For Sale.A good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.For Sale!Two fine Saddle Horses. .Also Russian Wolfhound.Reason for selling owner leavingcity.Address,P. O. BOX 477,(21-2t) Cincinnati, O.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)bmmwwvmmmmmmnmmmmmmuA. F. WHEELESUMMER SALE8New Iceberg RefrigeratorsSave IceA few more Refrigerators left andwe are giving a nice discount off forcash.EJNew Process Gas StovesAt a Big Saving in PricePorch Hammocks For You to Makethe Rest. $9.50 up to $22.00.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.'Mainjind TnlrdSts., CHAS. GREEN, Manager Oppsltt Cturt Hmim1IILIC saleBusiness PropertyOn Wednesday, July 3, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, we will sell at public auction, for H. J. Groschethe following described property: 'This property will be sold separately and then as a whole and thebest bid or bids accepted.No. 1. Two-story brick business house on the corner of Eighthand High Streets; front roo,m 27x16 feet, and two back rooms.No. 2. Tworstory, brick t business house on High Street, 21x52 feetThese houses have .concrete, flpors and. ar.e absolutely rat .proof., Nos. 3 and 4. Twb lots facing 22 feet on Eighth Street, extendingback 50 feet. On one .of these lots is a small brick house, formerly usedas a restaurant and readily rents for $10 per month.This property is admirably located for all kinds of business, beineone of the best cash business stands in Paris.The vacant lots are especially desirable as sites for business housesbeing centrally located. . 'TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years. Deferredpayments bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum until paid.HARRIS(21-4t)EXECUTOR'S SALEiOFValuable Business Property!As executor of the estate of W. T. Ficklen, deceased, I will sell atpublic auction, on the premises, on Main Street, onSaturday, June 29 1918,beginning at 2 o'clock, the two story brick business building belonging toestate of the late W. T. Ficklen, located just in front of the Paris CourtHouse.This is one of the best located' and most desirable business propertiesin Paris. The lot has a frontage ori Main Street of 45.7 feet ,more or less,and extends back to Pleasant Street a distance of 220 feet, more or less.On the Main Street frontage is located two store rooms and an entrance to the upper floors of the building, which is divided into numerousliving rooms. The Pleasant Street frontage is improved with a hitchingstable, work shop and driveway.This property is of sufficient size to make it particularly desirable foran up-to-date garage, or for a modern retail business block. The rear 'of the property, fronting on Pleasant Street being also well adapted forbusiness purposes.TERMS One-third of the purchase price cash in han;d; the balancedue and payable in equal installments in one and two years, the deferredpayments to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. A lien willbe retained to secure the payment of said deferred payments, or purchaserjmay pay all cash, at his option, and stop interest.Following the' above sale at 2 p. m., on the premises, opposite theCourt House, the household and kitchen furniture, etc., will also be sold.This will include a lot of bric-a-brac and an innumerable collection ofvarious articles. Also a lot of bees .and honey.GEORGE W. STUART,Executor of W. T. FICKLEN, Deceased.HARMON STITT, Attorney.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(11-18-25-28)Summer RestBy Getting AKitchen CabinetWe are making a big cutfor cash during -these hotsummer days:Let us show you how youcan save money by buy nowThe SellersKitchen Cabinet& SPEAKES7i i A . f-'v.- , S ' . r -B JT WlNo.34, 10151. 17:J 4037123391383839161563213031210r , 209No.341514017V. 10vf 371333129v3839916. . 32- 13131210' 209Z 156Ifc I -M -hJCTflJCSDAX, JITu 25, 1IS. "-. ?r r Mf wn Vx-?:P!WTOlagOTPf'p TJTH)1Tg 8CTTJTTSSEHTEHCEDTO" 1)SmWASHINGT6N, D. C, June 24.In granting unconditional pardon totwo young soldiers sentenced todeath for having slept on post at thefront, President Wilson expectedhis action to act "as a challenge todevoted service for the future " Thetext of his order, identical in bothcases and made public, says"In view of the youth of PrivatesForrest D. Sebastian and Jeff Cookand the fact that their offense seemsto have been wholly free from disloyalty or conscious disregard of theirduty, I hereby grant them a full andunconditional pardon and direct thatuucjr xeiiorc to tneir company forfurther military duty."The needs of discipline in thearmy with propriety impose gravepenalties upon those who imperil thesafety of their, fellows and endangertheir country's cause by lack of vigilance, or by infractions of rules inwhich safety has been found to rest.I am persuaded, however, that theseyoung men will take the restored opportunity of their forfeited life asa challenge to devoted service for "thefuture and that the soldiers of thearmy of the United States in Francewill realize too keenly the high character of the cause for which they arefighting, and the confidence whichtheir country reposes in them, to permit the possibility of further dangerfrom any similar shortcomings."CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.MARGOLEN'SI "vAll FruitsVegetableFishand Meatsare kept inside-our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekeptin a sanitary manner.-Our service isprompt.TAX. JLSSSSK)iU.T).BiiGafr WORKTHIS TEAR Oil. JULY. 1.Attention, has been called 'to thefact that State and county tax assessments are made this year as ofJuly 1 instead of September 1, asheretofore. This is under a law passed by the last General AsSsenibly andis similar to the law in numerousother States. Under the old law merchants and others had to take two inventories, one in July, which was theusual stock-taking period, and oneat September 1 for tax purposes.Now only one inventory need betaken.It was the practice heretofore todelay laying in stocks until afterSeptember 1 to save paying excessive taxes. Business was in a measure delayed thereby. It is also pointed out that the farmers in payingtaxes as of September were doingso on property that was sold about assoon as it was taxed.The new. date for assessing property does not change the date forpaying taxes. It does give the Boardof Supervisors a longer time in whichto do its work, making it possibleto equalize valuations more equitably.The only danger of confusion because of the change in date is thefact that the date for assessing citytaxes is still September 1. The attention of the city taxing authoritieshas been called to the change in thedate for assessing the State taxeswith a view to having the city alsomake the change. This can be doneby ordinance. If the city continuesto use September 1 as the date forassessments the confusion would result from the fact that returns madeto the State and county as of July 1and the city as of September 1 wouldnot be the same and the tax payment to the two units would be ondifferent bases. The city has untilSeptember 1 to change the taxingdate. o.- V , iKENTUCKY AND TEXAS OILMELDS LAEGE PRODUCERSThe Kentucky and Texas oil fieldsare the only oil fields in the countrythat are not on the decline. Thisstatement was made at the RotaryClub meeting in Lexington by W. S.Mitchell, of .Philadelphia, who isI looking over the Kentucky territory.The total oil production of . the.world, said" Mr. Mitchell, is nowaDOUt sou,uuu,uvu Darreis a year, oiwhich the United States is producingsomething like 80 per cent.It has been estimated that afterthe war, with the rapid increase inJ the use of oil for ocean vessels, theI aemana win oe twice as greaL as nis to-day, and production will haveto reach 900,000,000 barrels a yearto meet demands.Mr. Mitchell said that the Kentucky field, if properly developedand favorably treated, would be atremendous asset to the State.At the present rate of operationupward of $10,000,000 a year soonwill be paidout inthe form of wagesto Kentucky people, employed in theindustry.m m uWe saw a man recently vwh'o-claimedhe had never beehvout of sugar,flour or coal since the war -began.Weididn't know he hada. secret storeof these things, but he must have.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketScolding and nagging -never mended anything. They have ruined thepeace of unnumbered families.There are a thousand ways of making other people happy, and you haveonly to look about to find them.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective May 12. 1918, at 12:01 a. m.)TRAINS ARRIVEFromAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:Lexington, Ky., Dailly ,10:Chicago, 111., Daily 10:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 :Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 8 :Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:Lexington ,Ky., Sunday Only 12:Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only 5:Arrive33 a. m.30 a. m.25 a. m.35 a. m.:40 am.05 a. m.10 a. m.27 a." m,40 p. m.10 p. m.15 p. m.50 p. m.30 p. m.40 p. m.30 p. m.20 p. m.28 p. m.-50 p. m.40 p. m.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings, and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Sterling ' Thome,of Frankfort, are guests of Mrs. William Orme, near Paris.Mrs. Frank P. Clay .and son,Frances, of Louisville, are guests ofMrs. Thompson H. Tarr.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. C. Clarkeand children are at honie from a protracted stay at Hot Springs, Ark.Frank Douglas Walker, son ofMr. and Mrs. Frank P. Walker, isconfined to his home with an attackof scarlet fever.Mrs. Louis Taylor has returnedfrom Cincinnati, where she has heenunder treatment for soma tirnp. a.tone of the hospitals.Lieut. Avonia Kiser has returned to his army duties at Ft. Thomas.after a visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. John A. Kiser.Miss Marie Collins has gone toCincinnati, where she will take asummer course of study in the University of Cincinnati.Mrs. W. F. Turner continues toimprove slowly at Massie MemorialHospital, where she has been a patient for several weeks.Mrs. J. T. Weathers and littleson, and Mrs. Marvin Weathers andchildren, of Covington, are guests ofrelatives near this city.Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon and children, of Frankfort, are guests at thehome of her parents, Squire and Mrs.John J. Redmon, near North Middletown. Mrs. Durand Whipple and twosons have arrived from Little Rock,Ark., for a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, on Stoneravenue.Prof. J. Moler McVey, principalof the Dayton, Ky., High School, andhis little son, Paul McVey, are guestsat the home of Mr. Robert M. Terrill,near Clintonville.Mr. Charles McDaniel and family have returned from a visit to Colorado relatives. Mr. McDaniel hastaken a position with the McDaniel& Cay wood Co., at North Middletown.Mr. Duke Brown, who has beena guest of his father, Dr. J. T.Brown for several weeks, returnedSaturday morning to the Universityof Virginia, where he will take aspecial course of study.Billie Talbott, son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. G. Talbott, and John A.Bower, Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. JohnA. Bower, underwent successful operations recently at the Massie Meraorjaj. Hospital, in this city, for adenoids, i iMrs. Denis. Dundon entertainedat her home on Houston avenue recently at cards. Mrs. Fay Arderywas awarded the prize at bridge.Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein won thegreatest number of games and Mrs.Thompson H. Tarr was awarded theconsolation prize. Brick cream andindividual cakes were served.Mr. and Mrs. John M. McCann,of Toledo, Ohio, and Mrs. J. M. Carpenter and Mrs. Louie Hale, of Louisville, are guests of Miss JessieBrown. Mr. McCann and sisters, Mrs.Hale, and Mrs. Carpenter, were fornier residents of Paris, they beingchildren of the late Mr. and' Mrs.James McCann, pioneer residents ofParis. While they find Paris greatlychanged they find much pleasure inrenewing acquaintances of the' longago.(Other Personals on Page 5.)1-a 153 paJAPAN OFFERING BONUS TO AUTOMOBILE BUYERSTRAINS DEPARTFor LeaveCincinnati, O., Daily r 5:41 a. m.Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 a. m.Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a. m.Maysville, "Ey., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a. m.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:13 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:33 a. m.Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:35 a. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily , . -, 3:25 p. m.Cincinnati, O., Daily- 3:25 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:57 p. m.Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:00 p. m.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . 6:40' p. ,ra.Cincinnati, O., and Chicago, 111., Daily .. '. 8:35 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 p. m.Atlanta., Ga., Daily 10:36 .p.m.Maysville, Ky.,. Sunday Only 12:55 p. m.Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only 5:45 p. m.Cynthiana, Ky.; DallF'Except Sunday ,6:45 p. m.. THAIN8 ARRIVEWm From Arrive12. Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 a. m.Frankfort, Ky,-, Dt41 Exest Sunday .f .-. 5:50 p. m.TRAINS KPRTI it 3?er . , ,,,.,,; 'LeavefrHWi -FrMkforti'TKy:,": Daily Except Sunday .- .v-v -- 8: 25 f.-m-i&LfiFraakfort, Ky., Daily .Except .Sunday v i . . 25n. m.Japan has offered every purchaserof an automobile or truck in theempire $500 toward the purchaseprice, and $150 yearly to help payfor the maintainance of the vehicle,in exchange for the privilege ofspeedily commandeering motorswhen the occasion demands, according to advices received by the foreign sales department of the B. F.Goodrich Rubber Company.This subsidy is intended by theimperial government not only for thequick requisitioning of cars, butalso to promote their use and to eventually encourage their manufacturewithin the empire. This aggressiveaction by Japan and most of thetrucking is by men who pull twowheeled carts most of the passenger traffic on the streets and highways is by means of jinrikishas.Labor is in strong demand and amore general use of motor vehicleswould release thousands of men forwork in factories.Japan's action will add impetus tothe export of American-made carsand tires, say Goodrich officials. Itwill be several years before Japanwill be able to produce anywherenear her own consumption of motorvehicles and accessories. But threeconcerns in Japan are now buildingautomobiles. One of these has madeabout a half a dozen cars and anotheris assembling from parts importedfrom America. Two large Japaneseshipbuilding companies are erectingautomobile factories.Ji J 'Hetght f European Csuntrlss.According to geographers, the avertfe height above the tea of the different countries of Europe it a follows,stated Am .feet : Holland, ISO ; Belflnm,535; Russia, 560; Germany, 007; GreatBritain,' 712; Rommanla, M y Denmark(Includimg Iceland), 1,155; France, 1X); Scandliavla (Norway and 'Sweden), 1,404; Italy, 1,064 Aastrla, 1,-808;-Balkavppinswla, 1,900; Spaimand Portugal, 2,296; Switzerland, 4Saoc 5rom thlsjt would appear thatthe largesVRnssla, lslfcV!fflrnSwset.ad that thethird smallest, Swifterlaid, Is the highestfTmwmr.No boy or girl can ever come tobe utterly bad who remembers onlylove and tenderness, and.sweetm.e96 asassociated with-Tf ather and-mdtner-inthe old-time home.THE CIRCUS. ' 'The circus is the typical American amusement. itist an institutiontnat builds a distinct town every day.It is as attractive to the tottering oldas to the bubbling young, and nomatter how wise, blase, or sour theman, the circus is sure to touch himat some human interest point. Fortinie it looked as if the circus, theIdol of young America, would notmake its annual appearance. UncleSam needed all the available locomotives and rolling stock to transporthis vast army and supplies across thecountry. Heads of various circusesmade frequent trips to Washingtonto consult the powers that be, butwere given very little encouragement.Coop & Lent were among the big circus owners to visit Mr. McAdoo withno satisfactory arrangement promis-ea. Tben came the big idea. Whynot put the Coop & Lent circus onmotorized auto trucks? The government uses them, and many are making successful trips between variouscities. Coop & Lent's progressiveshowmen got busy and soon their newidea was a reality ninety-six stupendous trucks and autos were ordered, built and delivered withinthirty days, and now the hearts ofthe kiddies, brother, sister, mother,father, grandma and grandpa will bemade happy for on Tuesday, June25, the great Coop & Lent's threering circus and menagerie with allits novelties and splendor, bands ofmusic, herds of elephants, ponies,hundreds of gymnasts, riders andathletes, and thirty-two famousclowns will surely glide into Paris onabove date. Ten cars of tents willhouse this mammoth aggregationearly in the morning and at 10:30 a.m. the gorgeous, glittering pageantwill leave the grounds for the dailyparade, emerging from the beatenpath into new avenues of wonderment, a gigantic modern motorizedcircus parade. Of course there aremany highly bred horses with the bigcircus, but they are used for exhibition only . Stellar performers fromall parts of the world except Germany will take part in the two performances given at 2 and 8 p. m. Thedoors will be opened one hour earlier to give you time to visit the mostwonderful Zoo in the world.To Protect Birds From Cats.The pole supporting a martin-house,,or any other blrdhouse, and also .the.trunk of a tree In which a house Isplaced, should be projtecjLu by a cutguard, writes George Gladden in an article on blrdhouse construction in thePeople's Home Journal.' Barbed wire,woind around the trunk) of the tree,but neld away from It by tying aroundthe support or tree trunks, a numberf stalks of rose bushes or any otherbranches with natural thorns.A vast number of men all overAmerica have been excused fromfighting because they are to be depended upon for raising food. Isevery exempted man in your neighborhood planting grain, and otherfood crops?:r-. m.eastsmsamIff You are Thinking AboutPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace." None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYXCCIIivi;B?1.si!",:Ii;?Are YOU As PatrioticAs Your NEIGHBORS??Mothers, Fathers, Wives andSweethearts have given uptheir boys. These boys require supplies; The Government requires money to winthe war and asks you to loanevery dollar you can. Everydollar helps. Do. your partBuy War Savings Stampsevery week.Daugherty Brosi&isJt;Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesYasjTffigsMSs fHsBBBSsflwwIBSBBBaPtK KS Af J-Vlfi SMT TkJ' BSsBl" BBbVbSBBBBbKIIbBBBBBVBBBBBBBBBBBBBvTyTBBbT aBBBBBBBslBBBBBBBBBBBBl FSBMlSBBBSV BsTJW -BBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBT9hkj mESvBVyvBBBffifITline Up and Sign Upon June 28th4.1nJ-theEnliat at a war laver in the great "army that itays at home"-f econd lin of defense behind our boys in the first line trenches.The government has officially set Friday, June 28th, asNational War Savings DayBe ready, to step forward on that day and prove .your patriotism.Yu are summoned on Friday, June 28th, to "sirn the pledge" toagree to invest in a definite amount of War Savings Stamps eaekmoatkuduriagltlg.W S- S. W $4.17 km JuswWrtk $00 Ja. let, If 23sU lUasty to G tk 1 iistfr -I i Up mm4 Sigm Up ' Jssm 2ttn& -TKftl NATIONAL. WAR,' SAYINGS. CCHjinTXC,h-J5Mtri?.A.mSXmt, ?-1,--w,- J. W. DAVIS &,-0--.x'-V;-i--r-iliJ,t )! It t.: ii..!. -L-J.JSjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, JUNE 25rltll.v . i I'jtvtVi '- -, "ift; . ' r.iv-isSCtOTTTT ASSESSOR IIST TAXASSESSIOEITTS JULY l:, , m .i 'Preparations are being completedfor taking both the county and Statetax assessments on July 1, as proTided foV in an act passed at the lastsession of the Legislature, whichmakess it necessary to take only oneassessment for these two taxes eachyear, aod that on July 1, instead ofon July'l and September 1, as heretofore. Under the old law merchants andothers were required to take two inventories, one in July, which was theusual stock-taking period, and theother in September, for tax purposes.Now, ujider the new law, accordingto County Clerk Pearce Paton, onlyone inv-entory need be taken. TheCounty Assessor is now getting readyfor the work. It was formerly apractice among the merchants andothers to delay taking in stocks until after September 1, to prevent thepaying pf excessive taxes, and in thismanner business was delayed.The new date for assessing property does -not change the date forpaying taxes, though, according toClerk Paton, it does give the Boardof Supervisors a longer period inwhich to do its work, making it possible to equalize valuations moreequitably.Master's Sale!- BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMike Stathis PlaintiffVs. -Notice of Sale.-Angel Panetsos . . '. ..Defenda-ntUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theJune term, 1918, of the BourbonCircuit Court, the undersigned Master Commissioner, anSaturday,June29,1918at about the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,in the restaurant room of the Fordhap. Hotel, on Main Street, in Paris,Ky., will sell at public auction to thehighest and best bidder, so much ofthe following described property tosatisfy twice the amount of plaintiff's judgment, interest and costs,to-wit:AllDf first party'.s interest, .being tme-half, in all the property, consisting of and used in the restaurant business by first party attheFordham Hotel building, Paris,Kentucky, including 11 tables,' 30 mirrors, 52 chairs, 4 'marblecounters, 2 range stoves, 1 cashregister, 3 refrigerators, 1 cigarcase, 3 coffee boilers, 3 electricfans, all knives and forks andplates, .t napkins and table clothsand all' other articles of' personalproperty used in said business andall of which is now located in saidFordham Hotel building.Said sale will be made upon acredit of six months, the purchaserto execute bond with good surety tobe approved 'by the Commissioner,bearing -interest at the rate of sixper cent, per annum from date of saleuntil paid, having the force and effect of a judgment. The purchaserwill be privileged to pay cash andavoid the execution of bond.The articles above described Willibe sold separately.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying a sum of $700.00 withinterest from the 12th day of September, .917, together with costs,all of which is estimated as of thedate of sale at $825.00.- O. T. HINTON,piaster Commissioner B. C. C.june25-28)ccMy window shadesalways look nice."Go to- your windows now and examine your shades.See if. they gre specked with thosetiny holes and little ragged cracksthatdo so much to mar the looks ofyour windows. In shades iade of.Brenlinthe long wearing windowshade materialTN wUtfed tke gxcut fault of the ordinarymkad rercMM. It is sudc of a closelyerfinuy abade iDuplex eaeiTkeJ.T.HintonCo,mB0UBB0H CIBCUIT COUBT.f - !Wh'eii Judge R. L.Stou convenedthe Bourbon Circuit Court Fridaymorning counsel for Oscar Johnson,who was given the death sentenceThursday for the killing of WalterA, Rice, offered a motion and, groundsfor a aiew trial. The hearing of themotion was set for the third day ofthe November term of court.The trial of the case of the Commonwealth vs. 'John Henry Harp forkilling Jos. Willoughby, was continued until Wednesday, June 26.Harp's counsel, Maury Kemper, ofLexington, could -not be present, ashe was acting Judge of the FayetteCircuit Court in the absence of JudgeCharles Kerr.The grand jury made its final report and was discharged. The juryreturned nine true bills and statedto the Court: "We have investigatedthe matter of disloyal acts andspeeches in the county and have ordered such information as we 'haveobtained sent to the United Statesauthorities."The Grand Jury before adjourningvisited the County Jail and Infirmary,and complimented Jailer Thos. Tauland Keeper Jos. Godman on the efficient way in which they conductedtheir respective institutions.The Grand Jury refused to consider the case of Jouett Elmore, six-year-oldson of Clarence Elmore, ofCypress street, which was referredto it by the Paris Police Court, aftera Paris woman had a summoris issuedagainst the child, charging that hewas a public nuisance by roller skating and "playing soldier" on thestreets in the vicinity.No' business' was transacted incourt Saturday on account of the absence of Judge Stout, who was compelled to go to Frankfort on officialbusiness. Court was adjourned untilthis morning at nine o'clock, whenthe regular docket will be resumed.An appeal from the decision ofSpecial Judge George R. Hunl, ofLexington, who presided at the trialin the County Court of the Commonwealth vs. the estate of P. J. Millettfor back taxes, was filed Saturdayby Attorney R. J. Colbert, of Lexington. The case will now come tothe Circuit Court for a hearing.The patter of furnishing a sufficient supply of water for extinguishingfires, and for domestic and drinkingpurposes, which has furnishedgrounds for a controversy betweenthe City of Paris and the Paris Water Co., was not taken up by theGrand Jury, to whom it was referred.That body declined to take any actionin the matter and passed it up.Mayor B. B. January and membersof the Paris City Council were summoned before the grand jury, andexplained to the members what theyvknew about the situation. They"could not, however, produce a contract with the Paris Water Co., thathaving expired. The Paris MillingCo. is also interested in the matter,as the .mill dam, at their plant is theonly barrier holding back a sufficientstage of water for the purposes indicated. ,Through the Mayor and a specialcommittee from the City Council, itis hoped to bring the issue to a headand secure a new dam for the waterduring this summer. Such an action will soon become imperative, asthe old dam is rapidly going to decay, gaps having been torn in it bythe high water, which has underminded the structure. Paris is indanger of a water famine unless thedisagreeing elements get togetherand effect a compromise whereby allwill be in their proportion gainers.fe fca fe"REXALL" 1-CENT SALE.Attend the "RexalT 1-Cent Sale,starting to-morrow atVARDEN & SON'S.NAVAL RECRUITING OFFICE APPEALS FOR MORE MEN.With nearly every branch of theservice open, the U. S. Navy Recruiting Station, 412 South Fourth street,Louisville, is making an appeal formore recruits. Nearly three thousand men joined from Kentucky during: the last two months, but moreare needed at once for active serviceon the high seas."The local draft boards have nowreceived instructions to release menregistered on June 5, 1918, for service in the 'navy," said Lieut. H. H.Teach, the recruiting officer -""forKentucky. "The War DepartmentBulletin No. 135 covers this point,and we hope that the young registrants will consider joining the navalforces. We can promise them servicein a branch for which they are fitted by education and training. Nearly every trade is open automobilemechanics, truck drivers, stenographers' and painters, are among themany needed. . All questions regarding the service will be gladly answered by mail or in person at ourmain office at Louisville, or at anyof the sub-stations at Ashland, Covington, -Lexington, Bowling Green,Owensboro, or Paducah."-- 5i 5i fKI mj -REPAIRS FOR &0WERS KEPTREADY IN STOCK.Repairs for John Deere, Deeringand McCormick mowers.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.lea isi isREAL ESTATE DEALS.A seven-room house, with lot, belonging to N. J. Bishop, was sold atpublic auction on the premises onHenderson street, Saturday, by Harris & Speakes. The property waspurchased by Mrs. H. C. Campbellfor $2,030. The bidding was activeand the price considered a good one.HOLD MEMORIAL SERVICES.The annual memorial exercises ofthe Bourbon Council, Junior Orderof United American Mechanics wa$held in the Paris Cemetery Sundayafternooa at 2:30 o'clock. An- appropriate, program waa rendered, in-eluding addresses .and music. 'ITHUNOVERTAKESHEED. &' v rOFABMiatMr. James Cummins, a well-known,farmer of the Old Union precinct,aged sixty-two, dropped dead in theharvest fielLon his farm on the Humeand Bedford pike, near this city, yesterday afternoon, while at work.Mr. Cummins and two sons wereengaged in harvesting a big hay crop.Mr. Cummins had been pitching hayto one of the boys and was laughingand jesting with him about the wayin which he was throwing the hay,when suddenly he staggered and fellto the ground. The boys hastilycame to his aid, and summoned helpfrom the house nearby, but Mr. Cummins was beyond all earthly aid before the response could be made. Hehad been in apparently good healthup to the time he was stricken.Coroner Rudolph Davis was summoned and after conducting an investigation, decided an inquest wasunnecessary.Mr. Cummins had recently purchased the farm on which he jnet hisdeath, and had devoted a great dealof time and energy in getting it inshape to enjoy its benefits. He is survived by his widow, three daughters,Mrs. Julia Mansfield, of Scott county;Misses Hannah and Mary Cummins,who resided at the home, and fivesons, Leslie, who is in the army service in France; Owen, who is in thenavy; James, who is engaged inarmy work in Dayton, Ohio, and Lisleand William, who are at home, andwho were with their father at thetime he received his fatal stroke.Physicians ascribed Mr. Cummins'death to a stroke of apoplexy. Thefuneral arrangements have not beencompleted pending the arrival of hisson from Dayton.WllC sM 'QUESTION OF THE HOUR: "WHATAMI DOING?"Citizens of Bourbon county, askyourselves this question: "What amI doing toward helping my countrywin the war?" If you are not doingsomething, don't' you think you area very lukewarm American?The Government doesn't ask verymuch of you. The few dimes spentin many reckless ways each week ifinvested in War Savings Stamps willgo a long way toward swelling thesum. total of the money need for warpurposes. The Government merelyasks you to do without unnecessarythings and invest the money savedthereby in securities. You can buyWar Savings Stamps and assist theNation.Remember that every time you purchase a stamp, which is redeemablein gold in 1923, you are firing ashot at Berlin that will be just aseffective in a way as the ones theboys in the trenches are sending withtheir compliments to the murderous.hordes who are endeavoring to stiflecivilization.COME AND TAKE A LOOK WECAN SUPPLY YOUR WANTS.Summer time bargains in paint;oil for all kinds of machinery, etc.(2t) FARMERS SUPPLY GO.ia Ea mSOMERSET FIRE CAUSES $15,000PROPERTY LOSS.Fire at Somerset destroyed $15,000 worth of property, mostly shopsand restaurants. The businesshouses burned are: R. L. Eastllam,Harlan Cundiff, Andrew Sears andGeorge Smith. Every store on thenorth side of Mt. Vernor avenue suffered damage. Most of the buildingswereold structures an,d fell easy preyto the flames. They had been condemned and for this reason most ofthe occupants carried no insurance.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsSMALL EIRE PROM BURNINGGREASE CAUSES EIRE ALARMBurning grease from a cookingvessel overflowing on a stove andcatching fire, caused a run for thefire department Saturday afternoonto a house on Lilleston avenue occupied by a colored family.An alarm was turned in from Box22. The fire department respondedandv extinguished the flames withchemicals. Property damage inconsiderable. Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FRANCE PREPARES FOR BIG CELEBRATION JULY FOURTH.If preparations already under waymay be taken as a criterion, the coming Fourth of July will be celebratedby the French in a manner which isunprecedented. Maurice Damour, amember of the French Chamber ofDeputies, has written a long articlefor the Journal calling upon allFrenchmen to join in the celebration.He writes:"The Fourth of July is as much aFrench holiday as American. It isa world holiday. France must notcontent itself with a few officialmanifestations. The whole people ofFrance must celebrate. All the housesin Paris and the provinces must bedecorated with French -and Americanflags. Processions must be organized in Paris. Flowers piust be deposited beforej the statue of Washington and the American flag must beraised at the same .hour In all cities,towns and villages of Fnce. In allthe schools at the moment the teachers should explain themeaning of thecelebration and the reason whyFrance and America should remainunited forever? v -,,,SUDDEH DEA'NO FIREWORKS FOR PARIS OHTOE GLORIOUS FOURTH.-No fireworks will he allowed inprison the Glorious Fourth of July, .or, - for that matter, at any othertirtio nf the year, according to astatement' from Mayor E. B. Januaryand Chief of Police Link. The cityhas an ordinance prohibiting the useof these "dangerous playthings at anytime, especially on the streets andhighways, where they" are liable tocause accident, and lose of lifelimb.The custom has become universalail through the United States, and it jis believed that not one Roman candle, skyrocket, or any of the gloriousreminders of our younger and moreyouthful days will puncture the atmosphere on the "day we are allproud to celebrate." The policewill be especially active in detectingany violations of the ordinance andwill arrest anyone found violatingany of its provisions. There willlikely be some kind of patriotic demonstration to remind us of one ofthe greatest events in our Nationalhistory, but it is hardly likely thatthe festive fireworks display will bea part of it."REXALL" 1-CENT SALE:Attend the "Rexall" 1-Cent Sale,starting to-morrow atVARJJEN & SON'S.WORK OR FIGHT LAW DOES NOTAPPLY TO SCHOOL TEACHERS.County Superintendent J. B. Caywood has been advised from Frankfort that in an opinion addressed toMr. Houston Quinn, City Attorney ofLouisville, Attorney-General Morrisholds that the new vagrancy law doesnot apply to school teachers duringvacation.Attorney-General Morris said thatit is generally understood that schoolteachers require a vacation aftertheir long school terms, and thatthey are prohibited by law fromteaching on Saturdays. He says thelaw should be given a reasonable construction and a rigid enforcement.I ALWAYS CHEAPEST!3est matches, 5c box; good Laundry Soap, 5c a bar; Brooms, 4-sewed,a$, 50c. Many other bargains atTHE.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(?21-4t)y-j- Ea to isDATES TAKEN FOR RED: SEWING' ROOMS.CROSS;jThe following dates have been assigned for various organizationswhich wilL use the Red Cross sewingrooms in the court house this week:Wednesday Bible Class of theChristian church.Thursday Jewish Circle.;Saturday Teachers' Circle.T-STRAW BATSPANAMAS AND LEGH0KNSAT SPECIAL PRICES.,Sale Starts Tuesday,Now Js the chance for you men to set a Straw Mat,Panama or Leghorn at special prices. You can find thestyle and shape you want, as we have a large variety ofstyles and shapes to select from. Come in today and selectyour hat while we have a good selection to pick from andyour size. As for values, you can judge for yourself.THIS SALE FOR CASH AND NO APPROVALSWATCH OUR SHOW WINDOWS$5.00 Straw Hatscut tov..$4.00 Straw Hatscut to$3.00 Straw Hatscut to.'.$1.00 StrawjL'$6.00 Panamas and Leghornsv ' CUt tO;$5.00 Panamas and Leghornscut to ?$2.00 PanamasY"Iti "VR.7th and Main.W m -mii rFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSJUST ARRIVEDcA NEW LINE OF 'BATHING SUITSCaps and ShoesNEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSFRANK & CO.June 25 Sale Ends Saturday, June 29Straw Hats$2.50 Straw- cut to$3.95$2.00 Strawcut to$3.25$1.50 Straw Hatscut to$2.25Hats cut to. . . .Panamas and Leghorns$4.00 Panamas and Leghorns 'cut to "$4.95$3.00 Panamas arid Leghornscut to$3.95and Leghorns cut toP. WALSHOne-Price StoreI-itHats$1.95$1.50Hats$1.89c$2.25$1.50Paris, Ky. Iym?-M;tI ;Is1Nt ,:?vZ35ryI:M-1j.rs.HJjL.,lfi-..TUESDAY, JUNB-t51S18.THE BOURBON NKWS, FAJUS, EY.V.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Hail, insurance on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)PRESH EVER DAY.Fancy peaches and canteloupes received fresh every day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.4BEXALL' 1-CENT SALEAttend the "Rexall" 1-Cent Sale,starting to-morrow, at kVARDEN & S6N5S.C02OHJNITY CHORUS NOTICE. 'The Community Chorus will meetto-night at 8:00 o'clock at the Baptist Church. The change of placeand time was made out of courtesyto Miss Lillian Lawrence, whose concert for Red Cross benefit was givenat the Opera House last night.The members of the chorus are requested to note the change of timeand place, and to be on hand promptly at $:00 o'clock to-night.TS 151 ISCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, June 25. TheFox Kiddies, in "Aladdin and TheWonderful Lamp;" also Pearl Whiteand Antonio Moreno, in "The Houseof Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, June 26Wallace Reid, in "The House ofSilence." adapted froni the novel,"Marcel Levignet;" also "Luke"Comedv and Pathe News No. 45.Thursday, June 27 Mary Garden,in her second screen play, "TheSplendid Sinner;" Mutt and Jeff Comedv, "Tonsorial Artists;" PatheNews No. 44 and "Whispering Wiresof War."ta is tePALM BEACH SUITSIn light .and dark colors here ineverv size and style $13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.MAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoaVQainsthail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies., ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)i ENERPRISING WAR GARDEN 'Out on Stoner Avenue, near theintersection of Vine street, there is anarrow strip of land, probably onehundred feet long by about six feetin width, at the top of the steep banksloping down to Stoner Creek, whichhas been converted into a war garden by a resident of the immediatevicinity.The narrow strip of waste land isnow supporting a bountiful growthof vegetables, beans, potatoes, beets,and other forms of health-givingand life - supporting vegetables.The "garden" is as carefully tendedas those of its more pretentiousneighbors, and, though situated onthe side of a dusty and much-traveledroadway, is kept well-wateredand seems to be flourishing.W. S. STAMPS SLACKERS TO BERECORDED. .Persons who do not own and whorefuse to buy War Savings Stampswill be recorded on yellow cards andthe reason for the refusal opened topublic inspection, according to suggestions recently made from headouarters. The movement is Statewide, andall County Chairmen will be suppliedwith the cards. The order reads mpart: "The purchase of LibertyLoans, the contributions to the RedCross and to the War Chest, are notan excuse for a failure to buy WarSavings Stamps." 'A house-to-house canvass will bemade bv the committee and the solicitors. So don't be a slacker!Id PS JCOMFORTABLE UNDERWEAREspecially in union suits. We knowhow to fit them, and that's the mainroad to comfort $1.50 up.J. W.. DAVIS & CO.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance ontobacco. Promptpayins? companies.P y YERKES & PEED.( je7-tf) 'SATURDAY RECORDED AS LONGEST DAY OF YEAR.Saturday, June 22, will go downin history as h-nr? not only the longest day in the year, but one of thevery longest Paris has ever known.Because of the change of timewhen the Rational clock jumped upone hour, the sun seemed . to ns,eearlier, and bde fair to last longerthan on any other occasion since tneUnited States adopted a universalIn addition to 'ttie unusual lengthof the day it will go on record ashaving been one of the coolest daysfor June for many years. At nighta chilly wind sprang up, and tnemercury dropped several degrees.Extra covers were in demand-wheaParis people retired to their nightlysleep. It became necessary to wearwcape and shirt-sleeved men found.STcoato not at all comfortablyThe cool wave -continued until latei.f :flwmnn when the temperature cnadually aros to a comforta-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comimgs and Goings 'of OurPeople Htre, There and'' . Elsewhere.sMr. I. J. Barnett has returnedfrom an extended business trip toNitro, W. Va.Mrs. W. H. Fisher has returnedfrom a ten-days' visit to relatives inSt. Louis, Mo.Mrs. S. A. Clare, of Covington, isa guest of her son, Mrs. Charles A.Clare, on Parrish avenue.Mrs. P. P. Lowry has returnedhome after several weeks visit toDetroit, Mich., and New York City.Miss Alice Behrman, of Newport, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. J.W. Bacon, and Mr. Bacon, on Cypressstreet. f 'J. A. Squires-, tobacco .auctioneer,will go to Aynor, South Carolina, thisweek to open the 1918 tobacco salesseason.Mr. Nathan Oberdorfer has returned to Louisville, after a visit tohis-brother, Dr. ' L. Oberdorfer, inthis city.Mrs. Harvey Chaflih and son, ofHuntsville, Alabama, is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. A. A. Pogue, on Second street.Mrs. Maria Lyons and Mrs. Margaret English are at West BadenSprings, West Baden, Ind., for a two-1weeks' sojourn.Mrs. Robert Goggin, of theWindsor Hotel, is visiting her sister,Mrs. Lynn C. Moore, and Mr. Moore,sin Detroit, Mich.Mrs. Bessie O'Neill, who hasbeen spending her vacation withMrs. E. C. Garrett, at Indianapolis,Ind., has returned home.At the recent meeting of Rathbone Lodge K. of P. the Page and Esquire ranks were conferred on GeorgeJenkins and Dr. R. Bramel.Mrs. A. A. Barclay is visitingher grandchildren in Chicago. Shewas accompanied as far as Cincinnati by Mrs. W. A. Burrisr-Mrs. Katherine Holt has resumed her duties as stenographer in theoffice of Roadmaster J. C. Nickerson,at this place, after a vacation ofseveral weeks.Mrs. Robert Hughes has gone toCamp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, tobe with her son, Mr. Robert Hughes,who is expected to leave to-morrowfor service overseas.Rev. W. E. Ellis returned Saturday from Williamsburg, Ky., wherehe performed a marriage ceremony.He filled his pulpit at the Christianchurch Sunday at both services.Charles Clark, son of Mr. andMrs. T. J. Clark, of Lexington, is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where he recentlyunderwent an operation fortonsilitis.Messrs. Withers Davis, I. L.Price and W. R. Blakemore are inLouisville attending the sessions ofthe Kentucky Retail Clothiers' Association, of which Mr. Davis is Secretary. Mr. and Mrs. John L. Dunlap,who have been guests the past weekof Squire and Mrs. John J. Redmon,near North Middletown, returned totheir home in Louisville, Monday, intheir automobile.Mrs. W. Ed Tucker entertainedat her home on High street last week,in compliment to her niece, Mrs.Brinck Meinertz, formerly Miss Corinne Collins. Following a numberof interesting games of cards, refreshments were served.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, of thiscity, who was recently operated onat Dr. Vail's Hospital, in Cincinnati,for iritis, is improving, and will soonbe able "to return to her home in thiscity. Her daughter, Miss Mary Fithfan Hutchcraft, who has been withher, has returned home.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Jacksonhave arrived from Chicago for a visito Mrs. R. M. Harris and other relatives in this city. Mrs. Jackson isa former resident of Paris, whereas Miss Junita Hudson, she spentmost of her earlier days.Mr. Emmett M. Dickson, ofParis, was the principal speaker Sunday afternoon at a big War SavingsStamp mass-meeting held at Saltwell, in Nicholas county. There isno more earnest, forceful or eloquentspeaker in the State than Mr. Dickson. Mrs. S. E. McClanahan is a guessof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamFarris, near . Flemingsburg. Herbrother, Mr. Harry C. Farris, is oneof the Fleming county selectives, andwill leave on June 28 for Camp Zachary Taylor with draftees from thatcounty.Miss Essie Salosnin and nerguest, Miss Estelle Bloom, trainednurses at the Norton Infirmary, inLouisville, who have been spendingtheir vacation with Miss Saloshin'smother, Mrs. Mary Saloshin, onPleasant street, returned to Louisville, Sunday, to resume their dutiesat the hospital.Mrs. Richard T. Anderson, ofLexington, formerly Miss Hazel Cottingham, of Paris, who underwentrfn operation several weeks ago forappendicitis at the Good Samaritan jHospital, in Lexington, is now aconvalescent and nas returned to ueiapartments at the Phoenix Hotel.A number of young peoplefrom Paris attended the openingball at Oil Springs last week. Thispopular resort is under the management of Mrs. Hattie Huls and daughters who were formerly at OlympianSprings, and bids fair to resume itsformer place as one of the most popular summer resorts in this section., Mrs. James H, Thompson, Jr.,of Paris, was one of vthe guests Friday afternoon at a tea given by Missvt-Hnia Throckmorton, at her home'on Woodland avenue, Lexington,, inhonor of several charming young visitors. Misses Jennie liatewooa, oi airSterling; Mary Moore, of Ashland;Elizabeth Boyd, of Bethel; WinonaCarmichael, of Louisville, and EuniceLipscomb, of Columbia, S. C.' The Lexington Council of theKnights of Columbus entertained attheir hall on East Main street, inthat city last evening with a dancein honor of four of their popularmembers who wtfl enter the militaryservice of the United States soon,iceears -Bernard Samten, of Paris,Steve Saunier, John Murray, GeorgeFotsch and Edwin White, of Lexington: Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Elder havereturned to their home"in Richmondafter a visit, to the latter's sister,Mrs. F. S. Elder, who is recuperatingat the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she recently underwent a surgical operation.(OtheT Personals on Page 3.)CITIZENS OP PARIS READ!THISCONCERNS YOU!Public notice has frequently beengiven that you should boil all waterused for domestic or drinking purposes, whether it be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. There maybe water-borne disease at any timeof the year, more especially, however during the late summer andautumn months.This Board has no information tosuspect such disease or diseases presently, yet it realizes such possibility, and the object of this notice is toprotect the public against any danger from this source.Don't be unfair and 'say you havenever seen nor heard of this notice.The quickest means to reach all thepeople is through a city's local papers, hence this communication.Again, WATER-BORNE DISEASESARE ABSOLUTELY PREVENTEDBY BOILING WATER. Will youheed this admonition or will you wilfully or negligently pursue the eventenor of your way and' regard thisnotice as worthless? It is up to you.Antiques in furniture may be allright. In milldams they are dangerous, and this Board so condemns.Changes in treatment of the watersupply have been recently suggestedand are now in operation.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By Order of City Board of Health.(25-4t)HAIL INSURANCE.Insurt your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)TE3 13 IEVOLUNTEERS DOING GOOD WORKFarmers who were in the city onbusiness yesterday state that the volunteer workers in the harvest fieldsof the county have been doing excellent work. The farmers haveshown them a little more consideration than the older experiencedworkers, as a matter of course, butat that they state the men and boyshave shown a surprising willingnessand many of them went at it as theydo at a game of some kind, yet witha spirit and a hearty good will thatwas encouraging. By the help thusgained several hundred acres ofwheat have been harvested thatmight have been yet in the shockbut for this,timely aid.The patriotic side of the men hashad a stimulating effect upon loafers who have been holding out for?5.00 and $6.00 per day for harvestfield work. Now that the new vagrant.law is in effect and the volunteers are in the fields the ex-loafersare glad to get 30DS at $a.vj anu$4.00 per day, which is consideredgood wages. Glqwing reports aregiven by the volunteers of the excellent dinners served them by thewives of the farmers.IS IQJ Ea"REXALL' 1-CENT SALE.Attend the "Rexall" 1-Cent Sale,starting: to-morrow atVARDEN & SON'S.A VICTROLACOMPLETES YOURCAMPING PACKand can easily becarried in a Victrola Trunk safelywith needles andrecords.18407. My Sweetie (OneStep). Some Sunday Morning(Fox Trot). 85c.n.18437. Tickle Toe (Fox Trot) .Going Up (One-Step). 85c.35639. Forget-Me-Not(Waltz).Felicia (Waltz). $1.35.35660. Leave It To Jane" (FoxTrot). Rambeler Rose (OneStep): $1.35. r.- ;nJg,""'-j-,Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main ,Kodaks Victrolas '; Player RollsStore, Fixtures!1 ". and p;Stock For Salella ' '- Br' "3 Pi "EI1 Q HHARRY SIMONi h1 t;"1 E3' - ' ;I ' ;1 ' I4 m rs - cVE areand! THE J. T. fflNTON CO.9 flrit 1 - t " - - . W "iM ' i ; 3 , .j.. v aW ' .- MlBaBaaMBaBMBa.BaaHBaaH5BHaaBmaBasaClosing Out Sale ofStock Now Going Onand Going FAST!MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.showing the mostbeautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall. Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.Khvr&.ftn-rt3xr-rextensivemft-'la.!'?' BIBM tS3.B 'B 'HiB-1 1,8 '.14.'k. TiWmmmm&mimmitaimTW-J.'I -.-,'r! .1 I ll I I IIWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUBBDJLY, JUNE 2, lilt.' 1I II wwm9EI 'tSJShingof te2nF3T$i)3x.mrtr cwjfjrjMjg5kIIC SCHOOLS 0FHEWT0BK.A?1BILLSIfce Packer's Billfor Live StockFor the first six months of our operationsunder the Food Administration, endingApril 30, 1918, Swift ft Company paid forDRESSED WEIGHT LM.live stock - 1,558,600,000 $323,800,000For the sameperiod in 1917 1338300.000 $210,400,000Increase inWeight l6Vi 220300,000Increasein cost 54 - - - $113,400,000The Consumer'sBill for Meatmust necessarily have increasedcorrespondingly, as Live Stockprices and meat prices fluctuatetogether.When the producer gets highprices for his lire stock, the consumer's meat bill must necessarily, be larger.Yaax Boak of fotaraatsog aadinstructive facts sent on rtqusstAddrsss SwiftUp Stock Yards,fffeanauSwift & Company, U.S. A.HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation ,on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go., (Incorporated)J J' ffFSi W-H- CANNON,Dutnct Manager. UoA Manager.(Reproduced from the New YorkAmerican by El Heraldo, of NewYork, and translated again intoEnglish by Prof. G. Brittain Lyttle.)Now is the Timeto Figure on -YourOSpring PaintingAND&.Papering"Let U Make an. Estimate for You Bet. fore Placing Your Order. CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROSr""Mayor Hyland is just right infavoring the teaching of Spanish inthe public schools of. the city. Theidea is wise and opportune."But not only in the' city of NewYork, but in all the public educational organizations of the countryshould Spanish be diligently taught.And in order to do so, a beginning.should be made at once, and themovement vigorously prosecuted toinstall Spanish as an indispensiblecourse in all the educational systemsof the whole country. It is an incontrovertible fact that Spanish is spoken predominantly as a Nationallanguage, if not exclusively, inthree-fourths of the Western Hemisphere in which we live, and not onlyon the great continent of SouthAmerica, but also in Cuba, in thePhilippines, the West Indies and inMexico."The great Republics of SouthAmerica since the completion of thePanama Canal, are our nearest neighbors, and for many reasons thosewith whom we have greatest relationship and business intercourse. Although the three Americas have always been united geographically, thelast few years have multiplied thereasons for the establishment of mutually helpful relationships for thebenefit of all, between all three, politically, commercially and socially."And now that the bond of sympathy created by the cataclysmicstruggle in which are being weldedby danger and by necessity our common humanity of liberty and inde-Jpendence has brought us closer together than ever, we realize forciblyour mutual dependence upon eachother for good."The European war has made ofthe three Americas a single entityin their sentiments and commerce.Their commercial relations, of themselves important, will become yetstronger in future, on account of thenatural interests of all these countries. But better than that, hasbeen the fact that the high idealsand the splendid lack of egotism withwhich our country has thrown herself into and is battling in the war,has removed entirely the apprehension and distrust with which thecountries of the South were wont toregard the North. In the future, theSouth American countries can entertain no misgivings of any idea of aggression or commercial or territorialambition on the part of the UnitedStates toward them. It is alreadywritten that, as a result of the worldjwar, the three Americas shall live?more united and more cordial inevery sense than they have done inthe past. In consequence, it is necessary in all respects, whether frombusiness, social or political considerations, that these two languages,English and Spanish, should be learned reciprocally among all the American countries in order that theremay be free exchange of ideas and.social intercourse sustained by thepower of conversation whenever orwherever expedient. In the SpanishAmerican countries they are studying1English. It would therefore appearimpolite and discourteous for 'us notto meet them halfway with our vocabularies united and bound togetherby cordial co-operation. i"The Mayor of New York will employ his increasing executive influence and his authority for theprompt introduction of Spanish intothe metropolitan public schools. Mr.Hyland could not begin any too soon'The notice in the Spanish-Americancountries, that New York, the metropolis and the Empire State of theUnion, has formally adopted Spanishas an integral feature of the courseof study of its educational institutions, will evoke a response cordial insentiment and action throughoutthose generous and impulsive countries of the South, and the 'Unionof Tongues' shall have progressedsufficiently by the end of the war, tobecome the precursor of a logicalunion of friendship and business interests among the American Republics, for all iuture time, it is believed. "In the introduction of the Spanish language in the schools of NewYork as preliminary to its general establishment in the organism of theeducational system of the wholecountry, there is a touch of truestatesmanship. This should havebeen thought of before. Undoubtedly it is now opportune. And let therebe no unnecessary delay in puttinginto practice so excellent an idea."The father of Mr. Hearst, owner ofthe New York American, had sojourned in Spanish-America long before becoming United States Senatorfrom California, and the son's newspaper has evidently acquired accurate impressions relating to American interests in ' Spanish-America.Would that they might become (moregeneral throughout our country.WHY YOU SHOULD BUYwarSavings StampsThousands of articles have told what agood investment they are how safe-guar-teedby the Government.Men who have been to France tell anotherstory-things they have seen with their owneyes.Our own soldiers are going through thesethings now. We must back them up-whole-heartedly.Do your share-buy War Savings Stampsevery week.This space contributed for theWinning off the War byR. P. WALSH1.CARELESS HANDLING OP REVOLVER CAUSES BOYS' DEATH.A distressing accident occurred atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Huffman on North Main street, in Cynthiana, resulting in the death of Walter Crawford.Tom Huffman, aged 20, who is employed by the W. B. Rouse Company,and Crawford, who were closefriends, were preparing to go fishing.Huffman was handling an old modelrevolver, and was pushing thecartridges out of the cylinder. Whilethus engaged he is alleged, to haveaccidently pulled the trigger. Ttiebullet passed over the shoulder of hislittle sister, Edith, who was in theroom with him, and powder-burnedher dress. It struck young Crawford,who was in the yard, the ball entering his skull near the temple. Hefell unconscious and died in a fewhours. .Young Huffman is greatly distressed over the accident, as he and Crawford were most intimate friends.The dead boy was almost 19 yearsof age and was employed by ClarenceLeBus. He was the son of Mrs.Amandy Crawford. His father, Geo.Crawford, died in Tennessee, aboutfour months ago..TjheiPenciietonShop135 EAST MAIN ST.. OJPP. PHOENIX HOTELLexington, Kentucky :You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSSATS'VSSSSSBBBBsBJBJMSJBJBJBjaBBJHsmji lUducM Frtctin.It has been discovered that a hemprope twisted In and out of the links ofan iron chain will make the chain last70 per cent lonf er by reducing f rlctlooyand save from one-fifth to one-third of"the price of a new chain.If a man dares to live within hismeans, and is resolute in his purposenot to appear (more than he really is;let him be applauded. There is some'-thing fresh and 'rare, in such an ex-XflsssssssssssSiaaaaaBHHKtm 4to 1I W I19 Vm mA frMHtlful lint f GarlanaVsn 41Way. Came In ane leak thai aver.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Buy War SavingsStamps!Pershing's army is at die active battlefront The seriousness of America's part in theworld war has been brought home to everybody;Are You Doing Your Part?We are contributing our advertising space to ask von, to buy War Savings and Thrift Stamps for our country's' cause. Whoever you are, your middle-name is "Gore"Do it now! ,ARDERY DRUQ COMPANYwmninvinui; PifJIC, iimiiAm.:. -m-- tWKTSIXIII::KlviI!K'S1 ample.v,47ZzjAjmsaam jlcc:TUESDAY JUNE 25, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS,tnfisBJfiiir"'PARIS. KY ---K.41Oft Peeeemiklng.For a natto to make peace only because it Is tired of war, aad, ai It wenim order Jt to 'take breath, U la direct subveriioei of the end and objectof the war which was its sole Juettfi.cation. Tla like a poor wayiore traveler getting mp behind a coach that Itgoing the contrary way to his. Coleridge (In 1805.)Professional Cards.WM, GRAINNAINAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 1SS.OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Br. Wm. Riley Franklin"0PT0METBIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StTwin Bros.Department StoreBIG SALESTILL GOING ONSkirts $5.98These are extra qualitySilk Skirts values up to$8.00 and $10.00. .$5.9SHatsValues up to $5.00$1.44All Children's Hats98cSuits, Coats, Dresses,Waists, Dry Goods,Etc.Twin Bros.Department StoreBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream. PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHfiroceryCo.Piione 376WAE SAVINGS STA3I? MEEHH&ri'(Continued from Page 1)E. M. Dickson.W. H. Webb.Wm. Grimes., J. M. Hall.John Yerkes.Geo. D. Speakes.Paris Precinct No. 2.Ed. T. Hinton.E. H. Gorey.N. F. Brent.James McClure.A. B. Hancock. ,T. F. Burnett.Geo. W. Clay.John J. William.J. T. Vansant.W. G. McClintock.H. Clay Howard.Rev. W. E. Ellis.J. J. Grosche.Rudolph Davis.J. W. Connell.Ossian Edwards.Paris Precinct No.' 3.D. C. Parrish.Frank P. Kiser.Bruce Miller.J. O. Marshall. 'Dr. H. M. Hamilton.Pearce Paton.Sidney Ardery, Jr.W. O. Hinton.Ed. Burke.C. O. Wilmoth.Mayor E. B. January.W. S. Arnsparger.Judge Denis Dundon.Lewis T. Lilleston.Paris Precinct No. 4.Father Eugene DeBruyn.Roger D. Smith.Chas. P. Cook.F. J. Savage.Wm. Myall.Walter Clark-Bernard-Santen.S. K. Nichols.J. Harvey Hibler.Withers Davis.Paris Precinct No. 5.M. J. Lavin.L. D. Harris.M. Peale Collier.H. L. Baldwin.George Doyle.Frank P. White.L. M. Vanhook.John McCarthy.Carlton Williams.A. B. Lovell.J. E. Cravens.W. R. Franklin.Paris Pr-cmct No. 6.G. W. Wilder.Geo. Batterton.John T. Hinton.Wm. Bryan.Boone Baldwin.Chas. Green.J. W. Bacon.Dr. D. S. Henry.Dr. J. T. Brown.John F. Young.J. Will Thomas.Jeff Denton.Will Stewart.Ernest Martin.Walter Martin.C. K. Thomas.M. E. McCurdy.M. L. Crain.Little Rock Precinct No. 1.J. E. Boardman.Roger Burris.S. Ray Burris.Bob Parker.Lindsay Stuart.Jim Wasson.Forrest Wasson.Troup Clark.Roger Crouch.H. H. Crouch.C. H. Dalzell.Dr. P. L. McClure.Edsell Clark.Chas. Hopkins.Finley Burris.Little Rock Precinct No. 2Sam Clay.James Caldwell.W. P. Wornall.Woodford Buckner.Thos. Buckner.Sam P. Harding.Redmon Talbott.Ellett Buckner.Jas. L. Dodge.Walter Kenney.Julian Rogers.Tollie Young.Fred M. Fister.T. J. Redmon.Lou Taylor.Ruddles Mills Precinct No. 1.George W. Wyatt, Jr.James Fisher.John Marston.Jack Cunningham.Walter Tate.Current Cunningham.Dr. George Rankin.Ruddles Mills Precinct No. 2.Amos Turney, Jr.George Current.Rube Moore.W. L. Brannock.Harry Holt.Owen Kennedy.W. S. Isgrig.John Sauer.George K. Redmon.Millersburg Precinct No. 1.W. D. Mclntyre.John Marr.Dr. Boxley.K. D. Burroughs.X). P. Jones.John McDaniel.Joe Penn Redmon.Wm. Saunders.John Leer.James Cray.Oscar Rankin.Capt. J. Elgin Poole.T. W. Current.C. B. Layson.J. H. Barns.Rev. J. D. Redd.Millersburg Precinct No. 2.A. Miller.Ora Hurst.Sanford Allen.C. C. Fisher.John H. Stuart.- J. D. Booth.John Lair.Clintonville Precinct No. 1.Thos. H. Clay, Jr.Lutljer Rice.Lee Stephenson. .Sam Weathers. vJames Woodford.James Liter.,E. F. Prichard.Dick Darnaby. -George W.' Dawson .,.Varden Shippv""Kelley Haley. - .Virgil -Gaitskill.A. S. Thompson.Clintonville Precinct No. 2.George K. Jones. xJohn Woodford.Julian Frank.George K. Pepper.James Ingels. "hRoy Galloway.D. C. Parrish.Jim Tarr Jefferson.G. S. Allen.Letton Vimont.Thos. Marshall.P. L. Dimmitt. ,Dan Hurst.George Stoker.Layson Tarr.North Middletown Precinct No. 1.John W. Jones.F. M. Tinder.John T. Collins.L. D. Mitchell.J. W. Young, Jr.John J. Redmon.John S. Talbott. . ,Logan Bryan.W. S. Meng.Roy McCray.C. C. Clarke. tW. A. Thomason.C. M. Thomas.H. S. Caywood.North Middletown Precinct No. 2.Charlton Clay.Capt. F. E. Nelson.Ben Woodford, Sr.Russell Faulconer.Brooks Clay.T. J. Harney.W. P. Tuttle.Gano Hildreth.Henry Gaitskill.Centerville Precinct No. 1.V. W. Ferguson.John Welsh.G. R. Burberry.Frank Williams, Jr. 'Walter Shropshire.John N. Shropshire.H. C. Clifford.Harry Chinn.Joe Leach.Centerville Precinct No. 2.Stanhope Weidemann.Miller Ward.Sam Houston.C. B. Cox.John Clay.E. C. Cleveland.Joe Ewalt.Calvin Jones.Hutchison Precinct No. 1.Robert Meteer.James Wilmott.John Wiggins.O. B. Lloyd.James Thomason, Jr.Hutchison Precinct No. 2.John Brennan.Wm. B. Ardery.Chas. White.Matt Lair.Hugh Ferguson.Matt Bedford.W. W. Hall.m m mFAIRBANKS' ESTATE SAID TO BEWORTH $2,500,000.INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 24.A trust fund of $50,000, to be heldfor 500 years, the income from whichis to be divided each fifty years iandexpended for social welfare work isset aside from the estate of the lateCharles W. Fairbanks, former VicePresident of the United States, as amemorial to his wife, by his will filedfor probate here Wednesday. Thevalue of the entire estate is estimatedat $2,150,000.A number of charitable bequestsare made in the will, among those inaddition to the $50,000 trust fundbeing one of the Ohio Wesleyan University of $25,000 and another of$50,000 to the Methodist Hospital andDeaconess Home in Indianapolis.An income of $15,000 a year isprovided for Mr. Fairbank's daughter,Mrs. John W. Timmons. Provisionsfor his three sons include giving eachof them an annual income of $10,000a year from the revenues of the personal property of the estate if theydesire to accept.The will makes numerous bequeststo old servants in the Fairbanks home.DePauw University at Greencastle,Ind., is given $25,000.After payment of the various specific bequests the will provided theremainder of the estate is to go tothe sons, Richard, Warren and FredFairbanks. The personal propertywas comparatively small, being estimated at $150,000, while the real estate was estimated to be worth$2,000,000 at least.1 i m$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh . beinggreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that' it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.( Address P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo Ohio, 'Sold by all druggists, 75c.(adv-june)SAD) THAT HINDENBURG'S MINDIS GOING.GENEVA, June 24. The Tribunesays it learns from a reliable sourcethat Field Marshal von Hindenburgis suffering from an acute nervousdisease; that his- mental capacity ismuch affected, and that he is- confined in a nrivate sanitarium. Thenewspaper adds that Hindenburg took,no responsible part in the recentoffensive on the western front, thework being chiefly done by General.Ludendorff.In too many families the motherassumes the care ot everything andher daughters are 'but genteel loungers in the' household. : " 'ON ALL LOYAL MENLET NONE BE UNENLISTEDDAY SET APART FORSTAMP SALE.ONFRIDAY, JUNE TWENTY-EIGHTGreat Opportunity Offered to HelpWin the War By Signing the Pledgein Response to Wishes of Our Leaderin Great Struggle for Democracy.The President of the United Stateshas called upon the loyal men andwomen of America to pledge themselves to save for victory. He hasissued an earnest appeal to all Americans to buy War Savings Stamps asregularly as possible, investing in thisform of security the money savedthrough avoiding needless expenditures. "The 28th of June ends this special,period of enlistment in the greatestvolunteer army of production and saving here at home. MAY THERE BENONE UNENLISTED ON THATDAY."What loyal American will refuse torespond to this appeal issued by theexecutive head of this nation and thecommander-in-chief t pt our armedforces? 'We have the opportunity to enlistin this "volunteer army of .productionand saving." In Germany it is a matter of compulsion. The iron hand ofthe German autocracy forces it harshlyupon the German people, deprivingthem not merely of 'luxuries, but of thebarest necessities of life. We are asked in America to voluntarily postponeour needless luxuries so that our soldiers and sailors may not lack theirnecessary equipment. What the German nation does under rigid compulsion, certainly Americans will do in amild way voluntarily. It is unthinkable that there is a man, woman orchild In America who will refuse tosign the pledge to save' and to investa portion of the savings in War Savings Stamps.We must respond to the President'ssolemn appeal we must sign thepledges, not because we feel forced to,but because it is an opportunity for usto help win the war. The pledgesshould be signed cheerfully, willingly,gratefully.When the war la over and the periodof readjustment seta in, then will thewisdom and the soundness of the War'Savings movement become strikinglyapparent to all. There is now moremoney in circulation than ever beforeIn the history of the world, and thiscondition is likely to prevail after thewar is over. But it is not the nationwhich has merely money that will havethe advantage in the coming days ofreconstruction, but rather the nationwhich has the most available supply ofgoods and material of all kinds.When an individual invests in WarSavings Stamps he is not merely saving money. He is saving, in reality,the material which he would otherwisehave bought. It is not lack of moneythat worries Germany it is the lack ofnecessary materials. A governmentcan practically create money, but itcan not create material.When the war is over it in predictedthat all nations will compete in SouthAmerican and Oriental trade. IfAmerica at present the nation ofgreatest resources conserves her resources she will naturally be in a position after the war to dominate International trade and maintain the national prosperity. But if we continueto squander goods at the same timethat we double our demands by supplying the Government for war purposes, we are wasting labor and material of which we will be in sore needafter the war.DON'T WAIT EVEN A DAYThe attention of every War Savings Stamp worker in Kentucky is directed in particular to one pointbrought out in President Wilson's appeal urging the purchase of War Savings Stamps. The President says:"I earnestly appeal to every man,woman and child to pledge themselves on or before June 28th." Clearly this means that pledges should be'secured from this date on. and including June 28.War Savings workers are urgedto make it clear that while June 28this War Savings Pledge Day, and whilethe supreme effort for the securing ofpledges will be made on that day, thecampaign is in reality on from thistime forward meaning from now toand including June 28.WHAT AM I DOING?Ask yourself this question: "Whatam I doing toward helping my country win the war?" If you are not doing something don't -you think you area very lukewarm American?The Government doesn't ask very'much of you. Ifc merely asks you todo without unnecessary things and invest your money saved -thereby in securities. You can buy War SavingsStamps and assist the Nation.Remember that every time you buya War Savings Stamp, which is redeemable in gold, in IMS, you are firimg a shot at Berlin.iWCORMICKBINDERSBest in tbe WorldPLENTY OFBINDERTWINE' See Us For All Kinds ofFarm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant St:.i'EO. W. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThe Bourbon Laundry JDWIS &Telephone No. 4.SSgj:ipBourboD Laundry.Paris Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEtLEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40'MiI1FUNK, Props.West 5 StreetSatisfactionWatchwordis OurWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Xmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and foiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost i3 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes, thathave the appearance of new inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.CLEANERHome Phone 169-2Jr e- CXj n$xat1 wFfSiSV'-i n limine 'i WiMkLtJsMeMmi m iii n igiNAwiMrr:r7T:w 't$rV1 ' 'r -THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, Y,TUESDAY, JUICE 3. lilt.?JftX UGHTI- -rrs4vMlllllllllllllllllfcfc?,Af THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOSmH4t4Hli14HaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaUHHOTHBl1I')i --The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36TT T7 uay pnone jo- -t-4 -"-. or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ft 1 1 1 til M I Hi I"I"l't''I"I"I"I-4"l'-I"I"l"l"ll'l"l"l"'l'l"l'4''l''i"ii'li, DEATHS. ."-MILLERSBURG'Mr. R. M. Caldwell was in Cm-! TRAUGOTT.cinnati on business Friday. I Private Clarence TV. Traugott,Mr. S. C. Bascom and family vis- aged twenty-three years, a firstited relatives at Owingsville, Sunday, cousin of Mr. D. W. Traugott, ofDr. Marion Dailey and family, of the Electric Dry Cleaning Co., ofParts, were guests of his brother, Dr. Paris died at Camp Del Rio, in" W. G. Dailey, and family, Sunday. J Texas, Monday, following a surgicalMrs. James Howard and daugh-. operation. The body was shipped toters visited at Washington and Mays- hi3 old home at Versailles, arrivingville, from Saturday until Monday, there- Friday.Elder C. 0. Cossaboom, of Mor- Funeral services were held Saturgan, former pastor of the Christian day morning at the Mt. Pleasantchurch, was here on business Thurs- cimrch, in Woodford county, ataday and Friday. . eleven o'clock, conducted by Rev.Mrs. Turner Perry, of 0 wings- clarence Walker, of Lexington, as--ille,was the guest of her .mother, . SjSted by Rev. W. H. Webb, pastor ofMrs. Ada McClintock, and family, ; tbe Hillsboro Baptist church. TheThursday and Friday. body was interred in the cemeteryMr. and Mrs. J. H. Miller, of at Keene, in Jessamine county, withMemphis, Tenn., arrived Thursday as military honors. The members ofquests of Mrs. JMizaoetn Miner, ana the Nicholasville Red Cross ChapterdJr. ana juts. w. vx. uauvy.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. PoKue and"Mrs. Elizabeth Jefferson and daughter. Miss Elizabeth Jefferson, of"Mayslick, were guests of Mrs. EffieIPrather, Sunday.Mr. H. J. Faith has resigned hisposition as barber at the shop of Mr.-J. A. Cumber, and has accepted another at Lexington. He entered onIlls pities there Saturday.Rev. Cockerham, of Troy, preached a trial sermon at the Presbyterianchurch, Sunday morning, and conducted union services in the evening.Jill who heard himwere well pleasedwith him.Dr. W. G. Dailey accompanied"Mrs. Sarah Young to Cincinnati, Friday, who underwent an operation forcataract Saturday afternoon by Dr."Vaile. She stood the operation nicelyand is doing well.The contract for interior decoration of the new Baptist church at3h.is place was awarded Saturday tothe George N. Connell Co., of Lexington. Work will begin as soon as the-snen and material arrive here. Thecontract is a large one. Paris, Cininn2.ti and Louisville houses werecompetitors for the work.- MATRIMONIAL.-s$A marriage license was issued"Friday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. Bedford"Whitson and Miss Elizabeth Mahar--ney.Both are residents of the Ruddles Mills vicinity.BIRTHS.tattended the funeral in a body andlaid a wreath of forget-me-nots onthe soldiers' grave.BRECKINRIDGEMiss Curry Desha Breckinridge,one of the best-known women in Central Kentucky, died at the Presbyterian Hospital, in Chicago, at oneo'clock, Sunday morning, after anillness of three months.In May, 1915, Miss Breckinridgewent to Europe with a Red Crossunit. For six months she was in abase hospital near the firing line inFrance, and was afterward in thehospitals in Paris, and at Neuilly, inFrance. Last fall she came home forthe purpose of aiding in the organization of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit. In March she sufferedan attack of grippe, which affectedher heart. Early in April her sister,Miss Sophro-nisba Breckinridge,brought her to the Presbyterian Hospital, where she had taken her training as a nurse and where she died.Miss Breckinridge was in this citylast spring and delivered an addressat a Red Cross mass meeting held atthe court house.Funeral services were held at theChrist Church Cathedral, in Lexington, at 4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon, conducted by Bishop Louis Burton. The body was interred on thefamily lot in the Lexington Cemetery. iBi fe fe 'HORSE IS NOT DOOMED.At Maysville, on. Saturdaymorning, to the wife of Mr. FithianFaries, of Paris, a son ; weight elevenpounds. The mother was formerly"Miss Georgie Smith, of Maysville.JSfi p TfitTHOUSANDS OF GERMANS SACRIFICED IN VAIN EEFORTTARIS, June 24. Eighty thousandGermans were killed, wounded orr made prisoner during the offensivebetween Montdidier ancf Noyon, Cap-. tain Andrew Tardieu, who accom-panied Premier Clemenceau to the.front on Sunday, told Marcei Hutin,editor of the Echo de Paris, uponliis return to Paris."This is a figure which should make- even Ludendorff reflect," he said."One cannot insist enough upon theexceptional importance of the re-. salts obtained by the counter-attacksr of divisions under General ManginS gainst the right flank of General vonmtiers armies," he continued. "Thist magnificent operation has nailed theenemy to the spot and completely-cheeked the advance toward Compiefrne. German officers who weremade prisoner do not attempt to hidetheir chagrin at their inability toreach Cosipiegne, which they admitwas their objective."Premier Clemenceau contentedkimsolfjby remarking: "I am eompletely satisfied." - .(Farm and Family.)Every few years someone, who believes he has the power of prophecy,announces that the horse is doomed.When the railroads first began to!send their slender steel rails acrossthe country, supplanting the lazy,lumbering stage coaches, these sameprophets announced that the breedingof horses was a thing of the past.Still the number of horses in thecountry increased from year to year.Many years passed and the bicycleappeared. Men and boys gave uptheir saddle horses and began totouehen theselves for long bicyclerides on country roads. Again theprophets came out to tell the peoplethat the "horse was a, back number.But horses increased throughout thelength and breadths of the country asthey had for years.Later the electric cars in the citiesturned many horses out of a living.This gave the croakers another opportunity to prophesy some more andthey did. Quite recently the automobile, the motorcycle, the auto truckand the tractor have come to takethe place of the horse. Yet his numbers have grown and are growingpsteadily. In fact, statistics provethat the increase year after year isaknost the same in spite of all theinventions which have come to supplant him.A man will grant his wife anyright more cheerfully than the rightto be sick when he feels bad himself.He who can suppress a moment'sanger.may prevent a day of sorrow.Tuesday, June 25thThe Fox KiddiesIN"ALADDIN AND THEWONDERFUL LAMP"Mystery and thrills, all blended for youngand old.Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe 12th Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, June 26thJesse L. Lasky PresentsWallace RiedIN"The House of Silence"From the novel, "Marcel Livenet," byElwin Barron,iAlso a "Luke" Comedy,and Pathe News No. 45.Thursday, June 27thGoldwyn PresentsMary Gardenin her second screen play'The Splendid Sinner'The story of a woman who paid her greatdebt in silence.Mutt: and Jeff Comedy,"TonsorFal Artists."Pathe News No. 44 and"Whispering Wires of War."PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.Miss Elizabeth Clay and MasterThos. Henry Clay III, children of Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,united with the Christian church, atthe morning service Sunday.Rev. John McCready, of CornellUniversity, New York, conductedservices at St. Peter's Episcopalchurch Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock. Rev. McCready is an eloquent speaker and has an interestingway of presenting his subject.The annual Baptist Summer Assembly will be held this year June26 to July 4, at Georgetown, Ky.Members of the Baptist churches andof Baptist Young People s Unionsfrom all parts of State will be in attendance. A number of noted speakers will take part in the assembly.Pope Benedict has issued an announcement asking the members ofthe Roman Catholic church throughout the world to unite in praying toGod on the feast of St. Peter and "St.Paul, Saturday, June 29, th'at He may"restore justice to all mankind."The Pope also requests all Catholicsto unite in prayer that God will restore to the world a righteous peace.Enlargement of the work of theKnights of Columbus among thesoldiers in the army camps in theUnited States and in France is beingplanned by the national executivebody of the organization. The organization is now sending secretariesand volunteer chaplains to France atthe rate of twenty-five a week andlarger numbers of them have alreadyreached their fields of work in thatcountry.AGELIMIT IN DRAFT MAY BERAISED TO 45.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Fields VanMeter, of Clarkcounty, purchased of Mr. W. ' A.Thomason, of near North MiddleJown, seventy-five 900-pound feedingcattle at thirteen cents per pound.This is said to have been the highestprice ever paid in this county for cattle of that age.. Two single-deck loads of lamb's,280 head in all, for which they paidfrom sixteen to seventeen cents apound, were shipped last Saturdayby Caywood & McClintock, of thiscity to the New York market. Theyalso shipped two carloads of hogs toThos. P. Neet.TOBACCO AS A RATIONWASHINGTON, June 24. Twoevents of possible far-reaching importance happened at the War Department within a few minutes ofeach other last Tuesday whenCount Macchi di Cellere, theItalian Ambassador, went into conference with Secretary of War Bakerthe result of the conference maybe evident in the near future andshortly thereafter Mr. Baker, in response to inquiry, explained to thenewspaper men that he would not oppose any action by Congress lookingto extend the draft age limit.There is no connection with the twoincidents, but each may have distinctimportance. The news that Mr.Baker has modified his position somewhat with respect to the draft agelimit is highly important because ofits possible future effect on so manythousands if not hundreds of thousands of able-bodied American fighting men over 31.Secretary Baker's position now refutes the theory of that famousFrenchman, De la Rechtoucalt, whoremarked that one is always ready todistrust ones memory but never one sjudgment. Mr. Baker's judgment hasbeen that it would be better to staywith the prescribed age limit of 21to 31, but if the judgment of Congress is otherwise he is ready to consider yielding the point.It appears that after SecretaryBaker's statement to the newspapercorrespondent lastweek that the question of extending the age limit had notbeen considered by him at all Provost Marshal General Crowder cameto him to say that he had been askedto appear before the Senate MilitaryAffairs Committee on the matter ofthe draft age limit. General Crowder views were not in harmony withthose of Mr. Baker, and the formertold the Secretary he had no desireto embarrass the War Department'spolicy and feared perhaps that histestimony might tend to do so. General Crowder is known to favor inprinciple an extension of the draftage limit after Class 1 is exhausted,but he has not stated that he favorsextending it from 18 to 45. Probably19 to 36 would be more in line withGeneral Crowder's judgment.This means that after Class 1 isexhausted General Crowder favorsgetting men nhvsicallv fit and withoutdependents over 31 before taking menwztn dependents, etc., irom Classes2, 3 and 4. General Crowder expects that all the 2,420,000 of Class 1will be exhausted by the end of thepresent year. So far 1,347,000 havealready been called into service.Pa fe PaSomebody insists the children needfewer precepts and more good examples.9PLANS AERCRAPT MOVEMENTSACROSS THE ATLANTIC.General Brancker, of the Britisharmy; has disclosed the fact that theBritish air council had definitely decided upon trans-Atlantic aircraftflights in order to find a route formovement of American-made aircraftto the front. His mission in thiscountry has to do with arrangementsfor the pioneer flight in which it ishoped the United States governmentwill co-operate.It is expected the Initial flight willbe jinade this autumn in a machine ofBritish make, probably a seaboatstarting from Newfoundland touching at the Azores and Portugal, before arriving in Ireland. It has beenestimated the trip can be made inforty hours of flying. Plans underconsideration call for crews of fourmen, composed of an engineer, a relief of pilots, and a navigation officer.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some off your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Partners & Traders BankAs to the order of the War Department making tobacco an armyration, the wonder will be that it wasnot issued long ago. 'Thus far thechief sources of supply have beenprivate agencies, which, admirablyconducted as they are, can hardlyhave met the situation adequately.By including tobacco among theregular rations, even with a small allowance, the department does morethan relieve the expeditionary forcesof what in some cases was an expense. It guarantees the delivery ofthe goods in places beyond the reachof any other instrumentality, benevolent or commercial.There are many well-meaning people who regard the tobacco habit asa deadly vice, and it is possible thatwe shall hear from them. We areto remember, however, that with thefirst arrival of American troops inFrance, Gen. Pershing authorized theuse by them of light wines, as is thecustom of the country. If our severeProhibitionists have not found it necessary to upset the entire war program on this account, perhaps thehardly less abstemious anti-tobaccopropaganda will wink at the solacewhich fighting men may be able toderive daily from two-fifths of anounce of plug-cut or four soul-destroyingcigarettes.Let a child feel you are displeasednot at him, bu at the sin he commits. Can tin angry parent do this?Men frequently lose interest-intheir homes by their failure to makethepi interesting and pleasant.WANTEDTwo furnished bed rooms, withkitchenette or use of kitchen; innice neighborhood, near in; gentleman and wife, no children. vJ. D. hbdrick;(21-2t) Windsor Hotel.GREAT REDUCTIONSIN SUMMER FOOTWEAR!INCLUDING WHITE SHOES AND PUMPSof every description, in most beautiful styles. Your personal inspection of ourMen's, Women's and Children's FootwearWill Convince you off theGreat Bargains we offer.Buy your Summer Footwear now.lOVERl '&EveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterLadies' most beautifulGray, Mahogany, Tan,Black and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other fa--Dier- mous makcs at bargainprices-Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps i qqLadies' Mahogany Tan Colonette o ' jqPumps O.WLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords djo qqLadies' White and Grey Kid tQ 10Pumps yosmLadies White Canvas Pumps j jqMon'a T&Jt.'Cyn-rf.. f e 3T-..""."r?. $1.99Men's Tan-and Black Shoes and 0 -Oxfords, good makes $3.49Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and Ic AAOxfords, Walk-Over $5.00Men's Gun Metal Button, "Irt Aand Lace' Shoes S2.49Boys' Gun -Metal Lace and " " I ZButton Shoes $1 QQMen's Tan Scouts ' Itat :....$2.24IDAN COHENi Where Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storem iN,"V3 SV .