t - K.1-..'tflK.THE-V-NEWSr ,51 . v'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.4;rVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BDURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918BOURBON50XTRB0N PUTS THE UNITED WARWORK CAMPAIGN OVER."Well done, thou good and faithI-1 servants," was the message conT ed to the United War Workers inthe city and county by Chairman.Hnry A. Power, when the result ofthe work had been, announced, andthey were told that Bourbon countylad again "made good" and upheld ajepatation that has not been excelledhj any county in the State.' jfj With reports available from everyr -nrWluCL in me wuui aim nie uuaitabulations completed it was anrnced that the county had raisedr ,re than its required quota, makingih- figures read ? 5 2 7 5. 5 7. The result in the district, composed of thecounties of Bourbon, Harrison, Nicholas and Fleming, with a maximumj ota of $72,937.00, was a total subscription of $98,525.57. Of theamount raised in Paris and Bourboncounty the maximum for the UnitedWar Work campaign was $42,547.50,Kith an additional $10,000 added forHie Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,making the maximum oversubscription for the War Work $27.07.Bourbon county's prompt passingof the figures representing her quotain this U. W. W. campaign is an evidence of the unflagging spirit of thecity and the county in the prosecution of the war. There is. a carpenters' axiom that no job iafinished until the last nail has been driven.The last nail has been driven in thecampaign here, and the work hasheen gloriously finished and welldone.The public has responded generously, gallantly, to every call duringtl.e war. It will respond as well toevery call incident to the winding upof the after-the-war work of theUnited States. Bourbon county people who are wealthy have been liberal, but Parisians who are notwealthy, and to whom response hasmeant financial denial have alsoshown a fine spirit of liberality. Tothe driving of the last nail this county was on the job. That is the sortof good American county we have.I 1BQ 101DR. KELLER RESUMES POSITIONAS HEALTH OPHCERDr. A. H. Keller, who sometimeago temporarily laid aside the officeof City Health Officer, in order to assist the Government in war work atNitro, W. Va., has returned and resumed his former official duties.At a meeting recently of the CityBoard of Health, Dr. Keller was reelected'to his old position, which hadbeen occupied lately by Dr. C. G.Daugherty.The people of Paris have cause tocongratulate themselves upon the Dr.Keller's return to his post as HealthOfficer. In years past he has alwaysbeen one of the first to take stepslooking to safeguarding the publichealth. He has performed his onerous duty fearlessly and faithfully. Hehas often undertaken health measureswhen his personal interests were sacrificed, and has, all in all, made of themost conscientious public servantsParis has ever had.During his stay in West Virginia,where he was stationed in the Emergency Hospital, under Governmentdirection, Dr. Keller made a specialstudy of the causes and treatment ofinfluenza, and .is formulating plansfor stamping out the diseasewhich at one-time threatened to. assume epidemic form here.GOVERNOR STANLEY ISSUESTHANKSGIVING PROCLAMATIONGovernor Stanley Saturday issued aThanksgiving proclamation callingupon the people of this State to observe Thursday, November 28, notonly as a day on which to give thanksfor another fruitful harvest, nut torthe successful termination of thegreatest of all wars.The proclamation follows:"To the People of Kentucky, Greetings: '"Whereas, It has pleased the 'Giverof every good and perfect gift' tobless the labor of our hands with another fruitful harvest; and"Whereas,. We have special occasion for reverent Thanksgiving forthe successful termination of thegreatest of all wars, for the triumph.cf our anmy in this colossal conflict,and for the prospect of an honorableand an enduring peace; and ."Whereas. Millions of anxiousSmarts are gladdened by the anticipation of the return of loved ones fromscenes of danger and of death"Now, therefore; I, A. O. Stanley,Governor of this Commonwealth, ingrateful remembrance of the multitudinous blessings bestowed upon us,Io set apart Thursday, November thetwenty-eighth, for a day of thanksing and recommend its apppropnateobservance."In testimony whereof, I, as Govvrnor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, aforesaid, have hereunto setflay hand and caused the seal of theCommonwealth of Kentucky to beaffixed at Frankfort, this, twenty,third day of November, in the yearof our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and eighteen and in the, onehundred and twenty-seventh year orthe Commonwealth." ,10 SHORTAGE OP COAL HERETHIS WHITER.Information comes from Washing-'ton, D. C., to the effect that there willbe no shortage of coal such as wasexperienced in Paris and elsewherelast winter. This should be goodnews to everyone. It was pointed' out.j.tA A. i- ..t;aiiv,-nver andta&i. xne war ia piiwveMJt--"raiiroaa opraims-e 7 r;C.control will eliminate trteportatKVVUAUWAVU Am WW" j-Tr-,GERMANY CEASES AS A NAVALPOWER.Germany as a naval power ceasedto exist Friday.The heart of her mighty fleet 14ships of the line, seven light cruisersand 50 destroyers surrendered to anarmada of British, American andFrench vessels, the greatest fightingjluiuc mat ever stood out at sea.The minutely-detailed program ofsubmission laid down by the commander of the British fleet was carried out strictly according to plan.The German warships, strung outin a single column almost 20 mileslong, appeared at the rendezvous atthe appointed time and were led intothe Firth of Forth between twin columns of Allied ships which overlapped the Germans at each end.ihe enemy craft are now anchoredin the Firth, under guard as prisoners. A surrender on such a giganticscale has no precedent in naval history. Although the wonderful navalspectacle was the same as a peacetime review, and evoked little enthusiasm, the haze blotting out thehorizon, the Americans and. their oflicers could scarcely credit the evidence of their eyes; itwas an eventwhich shattered all naval traditionsand ideals.Animated by the spirit of Lawrence's "Don't Give Up the Ship," andNelson's "England Expects EveryMan to Do His Duty," the witnessescould not cenceive of such an inglorious fate as that which the greatenemy sea force was submitting.LONDON, Nov. 25. One Germandestroyer, while on its way across theNorth Sea with the other ships of theGerman high seas fleet, to surrenderto the allies, struck a mine. The warship was badly damaged and sunk.The enemy fleet was composed ofnine battle ships, five battle cruisers, seven light cruisers and 50destroyers.All the vessels will be taken to theScapa Flow in the middle of the Orkney Islands, off the northern coast ofScotland. The Sapa Flow is a smallisland and has numerous good harbors and roadsteads.Describing the surrender of theGerman, warships to the Commanderin Chief of the grand fleet, Sir David" Beatty, correspondents say thatafter all the German ships had beentaken over the British Admiral passed through the line on the QueenElizabeth, every allied vessel beingmanned and greeting the Admiraland the flagship with loud and ringing cheers.The British grand fleet put qseain two single lines, six miles apart,so formed as to enable the surrendering fleet to pass up the center.The leading ship of the Germanline was sighted between 9 and. 3 0o'clock in the morning. It was theSeydlitz, flying the German navalensign.The point of the rendezous for theallied and German sea forces was between 30 and 40 miles east of MayIsland, opposite the Firth of Forth.The fleet, which witnessed the surrender, was composed of 400 ships,including 60 dreadnoughts, 50 lightcruisers and nearly 200 destroyers.Admiral Sir David Beatty, commander of the grand fleet, was on theQueen Elizabeth.113 fe feARE YOUCARRYINGSHARES?ENOUGHAre you carrying as many sharesin the Building & Loan Associationas you can afford? Doubtless thereare many share holders who are carrying five or ten shares who couldeasily carry two Or three times thatnumber. No other form of investment pays any better rate of interest than shares in the Bourbon Building & Loan Association. "Our new series opens Saturday,December 7.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.(22-2t)JUST RECEIVED.Received 10 or 12 cars best RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yard. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTS.A machine in which four brothers,named Garrison, were riding, turnedturtle on the Jackstown pike, . nearParis. The driver losing control ofthe steering gear the machine swerved to the side of the road and turnedco)mpletely over. The occupants, beyond, a severe shaking-up, were uninjured. The machine was brpughtto Paris to a local garage for repairs. . 'While Returning to their homenear Paris, a machine in which Mr.and Mrs. D. G. Taylor were riding,accidentally struck the .rear wheelof a .buggy that was going in thesame direction. The wheel was tornoff. The occupant, a young womanwhose name was not learned, clunggamely to the lines and prevented herhorse from running off. She was uninjured, and was was brought, backto Paris in the Taylor machine.-Near the corner of High and 'Seventh streets, a machine driven' by Mr.M. J. Sweeney, from wtilch Mrs.Thompson Tarr had alighted but afew moments before, was struck byan outgoing interurban car, and badly wrecked. Mr. Sweeney escapedwith a few slight bruises. The automobile was owned by Mrs. Tarr.;rMr."Sweerfey was given first-aid by Dr.W. C." TJsBry, near -whose home, theaccident happened, and was able toproceed homeward. at; '- z--HTEI,.9SIST:RAT()E WARNSAGAINST FUEL WASTEThe Federal Fuel Administrationin regulating the use in cities, Tyi!-!&, dua towns, ot ngnts generatedor produced by the use of fuel hasannounced that all orders previouslyww u uuu coiauiiouco, tiieiuiiu wing regulations, eitective untilfurther or other order of regulation inthe premises:The extravagant or wasteful use of sisting the War and Postofllce Departlight generated or produced by the ments in their plan to get one Christuse of consumption of coal, oil, t gas mas parcel to each soldier overseas,or other fuel for illuminating pur- This Red Cross assistance has conposes in the streets, parks or other sisted of providing the cartons forpublic places of any city, village or . the Christmas parcels and inspectingLuwii, ui ior otner oui-aoor niumina-Linn, iniiiiit' til- tit-ivht is nfarvtr rt--khibited.The use of light generated or produced by the use or consumption ofcoal, oil, gas or other fuel for illuminating or displaying advertisements, announcements or signs on theexterior of any building or any bill,board or other structures for thedisplay of advertisement announcementsor signs and the use of light for the' to soldiers overseas for mailing homeexternal ornamentation of any build- to their nearest relative, have reaching or structure or for illuminating ed this country. Without one ofor displaying any window in any shopor store when such shop or store isnot open for business shall be entire-;ly discntinued on Monday and Tuesday of each week in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, provided, however, that nothing in this regulationshall be construed to prohibit themaintainance in any shop or storewmdow or any lights required bybtate law or a municipal ordinanceor for the purpose of safety.Any person violating or refusing toconform to this regulation shall beliable to the penalties in the act ofCongress approved August 10, 1917.BOND PROFITEERING COSTS HISPOSITION.After he had admitted purchasingfrom $1,200 to $1,400 worth of Liberty Bonds at from 80 to 91 cents onthe dollar, J. L. Benson, of Holdenville, Okla., chairman of the .HughesCounty Council of Defense, was deposed from office and dismissed fromthe executive committee of the countycouncil by the Oklahoma State jCouncitl of Defense. The council resolvedthat any person who purchases Liberty Bends at less than their marketvalue is injuring the sale ot futurebonds and doing an unpatriotic act.The State Council requested that itsaction'' be given widest publicity andthat purchasers -be given to under-stand that profiteering in these bondswill not be tolerated.-VZ-Ij K .CUT PLOWERS.ChninA nut flnwAm i-n hiinfcna nrdesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) . Florist Agent.Do Your ChristmasShopping NowAnd Let Your Gift to HimBe Practical and Useful ,What it more appropriate or more appreciatedthan one of Mitchell & Blakemore's Suits or Overcoats? Handsome patterns and dependable cloth.STYLISH CLOTHESFOR YOUNG AND OLDClothes that are tailored and made by the best tailorsin the country Stein-Bloch and Michael-Sterns make$25.00 to $60.00Many Other DesirableGifts You'll Find HereSMOKING JACKETSBATH ROBESSILK SHIRTS SILK HOSIERYBEAUTIFUL NECKWEARKNIT VESTS SWEATER COATSSILK AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFSGLOVES FUR CAPSHAND BAGS AND TRAVELING CASESIIIMITCHELL &IIIDr. Reed's Cushion SoleShoesjgj Nettleton bhoesi fKn 4 i'.KV. SGET OVERSEAS CHRISTMAS LA-BELS AT T0NCE.The periodof (mailing Christmas !parcels to soldiers 'overseas has beenextended to include November 30savs a statement issnflfl . tn-dav hxrLake Divisidn Red Cross Headquar-lUIO.The Red Crossmm iii -Rn rQC M,ontAW,issuesTi1b otofothrolrnnt th ,, t, o.- wwv.wj .v.w vi uwand wrapping the parcels for shipment.November 20 was to have been thefinal date upon which the Red Crossand the Postofllce Department wouldaccept these Christmas packages forshipment overseas. The period wasextended to include November 30when reports from all over the country indicated that but small per centof the Christmas parcel labels, giventhese labels the Red Cross and Postofllce Department cannot .acceptChristmas parcels for soldiers abroad.If by November 21 the nearest relative of a soldier had notj receivedfrojtn that soldier a Christmas parcellabel Red Cross chapters will supplyone label only for each soldier, taking an affidavit from the recipient ofI the emergency label worded as101-lowsThe undersigned hereby makes application to forward(Organization) ....Expeditionary Forces,a Christmaspackage.The undersigned hereby declaresthat he or she is the nearest livingrelative in the United States of theproposed recipient; that he or she hasnot received a label from abroad,and that should label be received, itwould not be used, and that to -thebest of his or her knowledge and belief ONLY ONE Christpnas parcel willbe sent to the proposed recipient.SignedThe Lake Division announces thatenough extra Christmas parcels havebeen nrovided to take care of all soldiers overseas who had no relativesnor friends to whom to send theChristmas labels,h " isa IB Vs." . , -,,.,,jt.im.it U.N AMUUJN.ru.B- uujuj sxuit-"" i -r- mi -H II l.lirrH.ii.- -Regulations limiting the amount of"bituminous coal stored by consumerswere lifted, Saturday oy national u ueiAdministrator Garfield m conformity with the cancellation by the WarIndustries Bord of Its preference listAny industry or domes'tic consumermav now store all the bituminousdesired.BLAKEMORE1a1xiManhattan Shirts,Stetson Hats :nnfSwm i3r '1IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Corp. Nathan Bayless, formerly of:.""". " " " """ "i. mc U. O.I veterinary Corps, formely stationedI at c5mP Greenleaf, in South Caroli-, Tin, nna writton rv -Fiin-firlc :n "Fnnannouncing his safe arrival overseaswith a detachment of the AmericanExepditionary Force.Bronze medals, commemoratingvictory in the war and the valor ofthe American forces will be givenevery American officer, sailor and soldier, under a resolution offered bySenator Pittman, of Nevada, unanimously ordered reported favorably bythe Senate Committee on Naval andArmy Affairs.Mrs. Glennie Dunigan, who accompanied the body of her husband,Private Clennie Dunigan, from Ft.Douglass, near Salt Lake City, Utah,to Paris, will return next Sunday.Mrs. Dunigan is engaged in the wireless telegraphy branch of he serviceat Ft. Douglass, where her husbanddied. She is a sister of Mr. W. O.Pennington, of Paris, who is in the TJ.S. Navy.Lieut. Lawrence Lavin, who is aguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.ivi. j. juavm, in xnis city, receivea amessage from the War Departmentasking him if he desired to remain inthe service at Camp Gordon, Georgia,where he .had been stationed for somemonths as bayonet instructor. Lieut.Lavin -wired his acceptance of theoffer and returned yesterday to Camp JGordon to resume his duties.A letter from Corp. Sherman R.Snapp, who is in the Personnel Officeat Capip Lewis, in Washington, stated that he had successfully passedthe examination for admittance tothe Officers' Training Corps at Freemont, Cali., but that the signing ofthe armistice betweeu the Allies andGermany caused the cancellation ofwork at the camp. He will remainat Camp Lewis until the work ofmustering out has been concluded.Private Evan Mann' son'ofMrXandMrs. Morton E. Mann, of near Shawhan, who was mentioned in officialreports last August as missing, is nowreported in the casualty list as having been wounded 'in action overseas. Young Mann was a volunteerin. Co. B. of thet Second Regiment,which was then doing guard dutyhere. He was sent to Camp Shelby,and was later sent overseas with thefirst detachments of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces. The messageannouncing Mann's wounding indicated that he was in an army hospital in France or in England.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvain, of Paris, received a letter Saturday from hergrandson, Miller Casey, formerly ofParis, in which he detailed graphically his participation in one of therecent big battles in France. Mr.Casey stated that he had been wounded in one leg by shrapnel. He was ina Base Hospital, but was gettingalong very nicely. He said the RedCross nurses tiad been so good to himthat he felt like blessing the verynametof Red Cross. Private Casey isa (member of Co. K., 127th Infantry,American Expeditionary Force. Hehd not heard from his brothers Jackand Billie Casey. Private Caseyclosed his letter with the injunction,"Don't worry about me when youread this, for I am in good hands."'Mr. William P. Walton, Jr., ofLexington, weH-known in Paris,where he has been a frequent attendant at social functions, writes tofriends here that while at CampStuart, near Newport News, Va., hisregiment had been already issuedtheir overseas equipment and was enboard a transport ready to sail whenthey received orders countermandingthe voyage. He expressed ireat disappointment over not being able togo overseas, and thatlihe entire command seemed to be very much "putout" over it. Young Walton, who received his training at Fortress Monroe, Va., in the artillery division, waslater transferred to Camp Stuart,where he is a member of Battery B.,38th United States Artillery.CUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO.- VARDEN,' (22-tf) v Florist Agent.INJURED BOY. WILL RECOVER.One of the most remarkable 'caseBof recovery from gunshot wounds isthat of David Francis Freeman, ayoung colored,.boy of- North Middle-town. While fooling with a shbtgunat his home some time ago theweapon was accidentally discharged,the load tearing away both frontallobes othe boy's brain..r Thetbrain,was left exposed. , ." .His attending physician; Dr. Chas.G. Daugherty,- stated before he leftrecently for Rochester, Minn., tthatthe boy -would .recover,Massie Memorialcity. , His case isJ,fh. moet. wonderful in .medical hiarJcoiKtiortoaJtlLcrtiiOTilkJb-U. S. FAEM LOAN BUEEAU WORKER IN KENTUCKY.Mr. Myron A. Waterman, specialrepresentative of the Federal FarmLoan Bureau, Washington, D. C., 1mthe work of organizing NxtiommVFarm Loan Associations, is worldi?in the District of the Federal LarfcLBank of Louisville. He has recemtljcqmpleted a tour in a number ofcounties m western Kentucky, wlierethe farmers have manifested considerable interest in the formation ofNational Farm Loan Associations;He visited the counties of Logan,Todd, Christian, Trigg, Fulton andUnion and everywhere he was receired with enthusiasm by the farmerand citizens in general.Mr. Waterman is now makingtour through Central Kentuckywhere many inquiries have beeamade to the Federal Land Bank, asto the method of organizing NationalFarm Loan Associations. He willhold meetings at Shelbyville, FranKfort, Versailles, Lexington, Georgetown, Paris, Winchester, Nicholasville and Mt. Sterling. A number orprominent men have written lettersto this Bank and the first meetingwill be held at Shelbyville on November 25, at the Shelbyville court housewith Mr. Hart Wallace presiding:.Men of equal prominence in theother Bluegrass counties will presidat the meetings following the Shelbyville meeting.Already there have been sixty-sixNational Farm Loan Associationschartered in the State of Kentuckyana xne prospects of many more being organized within the near futureare very bright. Approximately onethousand faipners from the State ofKentucky have secured loans up to 'this date around $2,0Q0,000.00 andmany more applications are iowpending in the Federal Land Bank ofLouisville, along with the prospectsof an increased number and amountduring the winter. Mr. Watermanstates he is greatly pleased to findthe bankers of Kentucky heartily cooperating in the usefulness of the system. Mr. Waterman will speak at thecourt house in Paris, Saturday, Nor.30, at 2 o'clock p. m.LOCAL DEAPT BOARDS OEDEEEBTO SEAL PAPERS.The Bourbon County Draft Boardis in receipt of a bulletin from MajorHenry F. Rhodes, of Frankfort, Chiefof the Selective Service Departmentfor Kentucky, stating that, in viewof the anmistice and the consequenttemporary abatement of the fmmedate urgency .for reclassification;local Boards' should fihish.thep'rincpal work remaining.On completion of the classification,the bulletin reads, which, must notbe later than December 10, they must -besealed and in fact subject to thefurther orders of the Government,issued through the Provost MarshalGeneral.After receipt of this notice, readsthe order, no access shall be given:any person or persons to the recordsand no information concerning themshall be given out except by written,instructions of the Government, isaued through the office of the ProvostMarshal General.It is from these records, say theinstructions, that the history of thewar must in great part be compiled,and from them also must come information as to the man-poweif' of thecountry in case of any further orfuture war. It was said yesterdaythat the eighteen-year-old youthshave been a little bit slow in. filingtheir questionnaires, and unless theydo so they will be known as delinquents, so the wise thing to do 1s togo to the Board and get a clean bill.,RED CROSS TEA. ROOM.TheRed Cross Tea Room hasenjoy-"ed its usual patronage, and' it fs withthe greatest regraet that the-peopleof Paris hear the service will be discontinued on or about the first ofnext month. The ladies in charge ofthe Tea' Room ask the public ip viewof this being the last week the Roomwill be used, to remember them withas liberal donations of edibles, fowls,eggs, etc., as they can spare.The following is the menu for today (Tuesday): Cream of .celerysoup; chicken pot pie, peas in tim-j bales, baked potatoes, hot rolls, fifty.cents; molded truit salad; fruit Charlotte; coffee, tea, milk.For to-morrow (Wednesday) the.menu will be as follows: Cream ofchicken soup, with rice; broiled ten- 'derloin; asparagus on toast; potatoesen surprise; hot biscuit; tomitoaspic; individual jam roll; "coffee,tea, milk.On next Sunday night th a.-ladies. -willserve a six-o'clock turkey dinner, "one that will be truly appetizing aalconform strictly to the old-fashione4Kentucky way. This dinner will bserved at seventy-five cents. ,The Tea Room is in charge thiaweek of the following ladies': MissElizabeth Steele, Chairman; MIsm'Martha Ferguson,- Nancy GriffithVirginia Wetherall, Eli2abeth.Embry,Laura Steele, Mrs. James Thopipe.3j;Mrs. Watson. Judy, Mrs. W. P,. Va-Meter, Jr. .PORKER RESIDENT IHJTJltED 'While, cranking an automobile atMascot, Ohio where he is in business,Mr. Lon Haley, formerly of: Pi,had his right wrist.aroken, wh tiercrank slipped off." Mrs. Haley wrotto her father- Mr." Samuel Iwalt, ij$ 1.1 i. ' TTi LJ:!N - 'l?. r.. .'"A'Vr .TUI2SDAY, NOVJBMBIR 2r, lfltf..PAGE TWOTHE BOPRBOH HEWgfc, PAHS, KEirflTCgYW. BOURBON NEWSfctablished 138136 Years of Continuous PublicationPiMished Every Tuesday and Priday.Per Year..$2;5o 6 Months'. .$ 1.00Payable In Adavance'. -fWIET $HAMP, Editor and Owner.Vj-Bt6rd at the Paris, Kentucky,Postbfllce as Mail Matter of theBeoppa Claw.)Any?:neus reflection upon the.i..Jt nnnnrotinn .mIVKUUMUUK VI. IOUUVBHVM. wBtoMuifirm' or corporation "which.it appear in the column of TJHBOURBOINEWS -will b gladly corrected!? brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESftDisptar Advertisements, fl.00 perfeck for first time; 50 cents per inchMtok subsaqmesrt insertion.KeHfrkg Notices, lO.'Csnt per lineaea laee; readlng.rnoticea in blacktype, 3 o-rpr line.each issue?jariiof thanks;' calls on- candi4atei,Wtuarifis .and" r&alnUons, andrijalla&aaatter,' 10 - cents, "per line.SpedahTateat' for large advertise-meat-iidpearly coatracts.whrfa-itfifc ofr Dabliaher-ifl - resei redm AeoHBeTanyiad7ertiflement or otherMatteifoo'pabllcatioa.Announcements for political officesjBMist invariably be accompanied- bytlw cask.eEDITORIAL MUSINGS.pTrrrfV C2JtTHE TJNKKQWlf DEAD.The following beautiful poem written by Kentucky's poet laureate,Maj. Henry T. Stanton, of Frankfort, was read at a Memorial -Day exercise held in the Paris Cemetery many years ago. Maj. btanton was anative of Maysville, and was at one time editor of the Maysville Bulletin,and for many-years before his death' was editor of the FfanKiort xeoman.Its publication at this time will not, we believe, be amiss:The Unknown DeadTThe Gallant Uncle- Sam.That there is nobody in this nation, too big to apologize when theyAnd themselves to be in the wrong istho lefeson to be derived from UncleSajm, .himself, in the instance of hisvoluntary amende honorable to Wilson. & Company,. Chicago packers.A few months ago there was a gooddeal of' a sensation when the newjcolumns of papers all over the country carried a story that an attemptvas being-made to unload bad meaten the army. Visions of "embalmedlef" and other legacies of formerwar profiteering floated before thertelonW the American? -public. Itltho present intace Wilson &-Companywere the accused,- and a GovemmMfcBureaU was made responsible fd: the accusation.Buruite happily, our domestic'democracy has become progressive;a.nd nofxaatter. what may be opinions,regarding it with reference to thowo rld'ar troubles, it has Vgot beyondtho point in 'industrial' and 'economicaffairs where the accused is4 pr-judge4f'"-fitto be hung" whenever the'Government gets suspicious and demand a showdown.Thomas E. Wilson has-been featured as' one of the aggressive youngcaptains of industry, and in view roftho fact" that he has flUn'ghis bannersinto 'the country's trade winds,labeled all over -with! the words, "TheWAIso)TLab("l Protects Your Table'the accusing-finger, pointed by UncleSacn, 'coupled with the charges about"bad meat," very naturally causeda-eloha? to' gather, and -its darkcloud' threatened 'for a time to bedim" tlie1 beacon lights that? mark thewhereabout of the Wifson 'packingestablishment.The? Company immediately demanded 'a J$fcand rcomalete investigationof lh "-charges, and' the Governmentreplied "AftJ'rigkt, Mh Packers,wtflpSiv you a feqiiare" dear," and itwas af added rattifer significantly ?"We'll-giveyou the limit, toot if wefasten this charge on you! n "Go to it,please, as fast as you can 'you can'tproceed toofastforus," returned tnegentleman that we1 hear spoken ofia. Washington- as' Tom Wilson.SoKfc followed' that the" FederalTrad''Cfom1ission went to the bottom j its ownuccusal, and now it isgiveo'cbutt'that the Commission' findsthat 'thVChicago concern is freed oftoo okd meat charges.TTnIe Sam, like the true gentleman we know him to be, has franklytold te Wilson Company: "Sorry,hoys; I misjudged you but youknowHhat I 'have a lot of people towatciy -nowadays, and last spring" Igave you--the once over, and thoughtyou were trying to slip somethingacross on me; so I spoke to you pretty sharply; but you came right backand demanded a square deal and everybodyis just getting that sametreatment from me. Your case iscleat", now I am better busy witholhermatters, so get out, some Bmporofe and1 Kings are waiting in theVntejioojakto apologise. By the way.thouik, f keen r right . along pushingthings for your Uncle 'Sam out there;at Cttdage." Surely Uncle 'Sam is aae,Muare'old' gentleman"'..These are the graves of a chivalrous deadWho went to the fray with confident tread,Fought in the column and fell at the head.Not of the fuller-fed holiday band,Moved by the beck of a bountiful hand,Out of the northward with banner and brand.Not of themany who came -for pay,Out of the ships- from lands away,To trample the lines of living gray.But these are the men of a martyr's make,Who folding their arms stood firm at the stake,And died in their pride for principle's sake.Some from the glen and some from the glade,Some fron the line of the sea's upbraid,Growth of the land and under it laid.What matter if only a simple stone,Hidden in shade and grass o'ergrown,Is 'sribed with the desolate wora "unknown."Not for the glory of monuments white,Not for the after-told story of right, iEntered they into the 'desperate fight.Not for the pomp of a funeral train,Not for a trumpeted rite o'er the slain,Bowed they down to the -battle plain.Theirs to strike with a nobler sense;Theirs to drive the invaders hence;Theira to die in the land's defence.Gather your blossoms und cast thenr here,Let the iaurercrown and the wreath be near,Where every man was a .monarch's peer.- ,Never a mother to come and lean iWith sacred tears and sighs between,And hallow the sod of the hillock green.. Never a wife to cling and weepAbout the stones where the ivies creep,With a life too sad and a love too deep.Fresh with tears of the golden dawn,Scatter the flowers Jthe greei graves onThe great aredead and good are gone.Far in the South a mother may say:"I know that "blossoms will fall to-dayOver th grave of my boy in gray."A sister may turn and wonder in. vain:"Where does he sleep on the wide, wide plainWhere on his breast was the battle stain?"Gather your flowers and strew them here,For the hearts are sore and the eyes are searOf the mother fond and the sister dear..7Tfk-iA CHEEjD GETJ& Cl&SSj'SfCKATO MiVERISHWHEH CONSTIPATED 1look, Mother! If Tongue is CoatedClean Littje Iaver andBowels.Nk 'TO21Lost $,$ fad.TIrestone automobile tire, 33x4 .Eeturn to Burb$n Garafee ajNRTeceive ?10.00Hrewardr (22-3t)"If your little ones tongue is coatedit is a sure- sign the stomach, liverand bowels need a gentle," thoroughcleansing at once. When your'ehtlctis -cross, peevish, listless, pale, doesr.'tsleep, eat-or act naturally; if breathis bad, stomach sour, system full ofcold, throat sore, or if feverish, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours 'all the cldg-ged-up, constipated food will gentlymove out of the bowels;and'ybu havea WelJ, play fur child Jagain.Sick 'children needn't' b'e coaxed totake this harmless" "fruit laxative."Millions of mothers keep it handybecause they know its action on thestojmach liver and ' bo welac is promptand sure. They also" know" a1 littlegiven to-day saves a sick child 'tomorrow. Ask your druggist for a bottle of"Calif ornia'f Syrup of Figs," whichcontains" directions for babies, children of all ages and -for grown-ups'plainly printed on the bottle. Bewareof counterfeits sold here! Get 'the'genuine made by "California FfgSyrup Company." (adv)jtt 1st lsiThe army should be safe enoughnow even for the" fellow who would'like "to have the physical training,if that was all."FOR RENT.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white;with lemon spots; heavy with pujsg.Any information-regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.GREATLY .BENETJED BY, CHAMBERLAIN'S, TABLETS. '"I am .thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tab'lets. About two years' ago when Ibegan taking them I was suffering agreat deal from distress after jeating;.and from headache and attired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda torpid , liver. Chamberlain's Tab-jleta corrected these disorders in asnort lime, ana mace i-a.tt.mg two uuttles of them" my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwobd,Auburn, N. Y.(adv-nov)P.)Be mother and sister and all to theseWho sleep sQLfar from the hcjmeland treesThat sigh- to-day in the Southern breeze.Gather your flowers and see them shed "Over the graves from foot to headHonor the dust of the "unknown dead."foretold at this time. A great re- finally straightened out the affairs of.sumption of private construction and the express? business: Theiatter ac-Tnanufacturing", is afhand'and' tttous- .tivity is an essential' to railroad op-ands of skilled laborers will be need-: eration, but even though a cohsolidaed in all parts of the country for this . tion of all the companies in the exwork. Of course there is need for a press business was made; the auesgreat many to finish the work in tions of rates, wages and administraEurope, but it is anticipated that a tion got tangled Tip in the Interstateconsiderable part of the men overseas will not be in any great hurryto return home. Therefore it seemsreasonable to suppose that a systemwill be worked out which will permitof the boys electing as to whetherthey shall Teturn to the United Statesat once or remain in Europe duringthe coming months. While it is a little premature to predict just exactlywhat will be done with the men incantonments, still it is clear that theadministration will move cerefully,but as SDeedily as possible in theCommerce Compiission and elsewhere.Mr. McAdoo found that he must pursue an independent course in orderto keep the American Railway Express Company from running Tiopelessly behind. Hesecured a proclamation by the "President, which completely absorbed the consolidated express business and assigned the operation of it directly to the "RailroadAdministrator. The "short-cut" Mr.McAdoo elected to follow will allowthe Director Generaji to initiate ratesfor the express company .wtii'ch willmatter of releasing the boys f roni ser- j be higher than at present, bufTwhichvice in order that industrial disturbances may not ensue, while at thesame time there is evident anxietyto release the men in the service justas rapidly as it can be done. To whatextent soldiers will be sent abroad torelieve those "who have served in battles does not appear to have been determined on with any definiteness.jtfckotnral JPurfcuits.Ohr.rof?the'bigwiask8.at- Washingto i'to prevent disruption-ttmongtho institutions that have been organ--ied on a war basis'. Se"eretary Baker fca&vhip -wlt-a'comae officialassociated with ther Government ina noose are the public utility operators, as they have been compelled tomeet the new wage increases, buthave not been able to change thenown charges for service because offranchises granted to them underconditions that have become almotarchaic. The suggestion has beenmade that the savings banks of thcountry -should be permitted to makeloans to the utility companies. It isvery likely that legislation alongthese lines wilf be asked for. Theutility companies are up a stump forTeyenues, and if the savings banksare 'permitted to loan on their securities the results will doubtless be beneficial and operate for the generalgood. 'This is another one of the "reconstructtonf "problems-that-has come tolightli-and'the adoption ofrsome suchplans nfaYdo a good deal towardsstejauniriiEr-the socialistic agitation infavor of general public ownership.will make it possible to advancewages of epiployes about $12,000,000. The employes have assumed1 aninsisten attitude for some because ofthe fact that they were underpaid incomparison with the other branchesof the railroad forces. The expresscompany and the railroad administration were evidently agreed thatthe best course to be pursued wasthe one which has been adopted.LEGS STIFF? JOINTSAND MUSCLES ACHE?Where' Is The Money Coming Prom?The American Federation of Laboris going on record very emphaticallyin insisting that during "reconstruction," and ever thereafter, there mustbe no reduction of wages. At thesame tiftne the whole country apparently agrees that the inflation ofprices should come to an early end. Don't stay sore, stiff and lame!Among those who have their necks in -i Limber up! Rub soothing, penetrat-Limber Up ! Rub. Any Kind of Pain,Soreness, Stiffness Risrht OutWith "St. Jacob's Liniment", - trtdJ'atfddual1 puriNLlLstiiklv. Pible. It BliiVHe that te-tralnincVworlfc. will conttau4ser'at&amV cqjiegsa, 'thantheft, MhH& tlierxsjidjilstmaatsarel-M-Ka&0Th'f-4)fete Y&r&us" arrivilos-'wfll f&nistt-itofcHfeokier J4utowfa'tkiWtov9ntsXcAdoo's Strong Arm.Wnehever it has been necessary topush -aside the legislative and ottierobstructions that prevented hiin fromhavfaiEJa f rsehand-in-the .administra--tibn'dfrailway affairs Mr. McAdoohajR invariably--ma-sped' out his" owncolirse, Sena "He rarely fails to go overthe -top. This 'has lust been illus-wilK be eaiptid;nnot be definitely trated by the manner in which he'hasing "St. Jacob's Liniment" right inyour aching muscles, joints and painful nerves. It s the quickest, surestrain relief on earth. It is' absolutelyharmless and doesn't burn the skin."St. Jacob's Linipient" conquers.pain, ii lnsianxiyiaKes away anyache, soreness and stiffness in thehead, neck, shoulders, back, legs,arms, fingers or any part of the bodynothing like it. You simply pour alittle in your hand and rub "where ithurts," and relief comes instantly.Don't stay crippled! Get a.small trialbottle now from any drug store. Itnever disappoints six gold medalawards. (adv)The most disquiettnf thing aboutthe German' situation is-the portaitsof those SociaHst leaders who aretrusted to pull1 her out of It.13 8'1-SiOf course -wet know that the Hunsaren't all bad. As-A"rt Williams saidabout the Indianssome of 'em -aredead. x, RANTED.Good woman for general housework whiter or colored. Go'od wages.MRSf DAVID ADES,'170 Forrest Avenue,(15-tf) Lexington, Ky.Administratrix' Notice.f!nt.t.fi.ErA rn WnllrAr nvpnuo nearCity School. Has front' porch; hall; (rour rooms; Kitchen; pantry; two"presses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates'; coal house; lumber room;good garden andfences,'all in goodrepair.two rooms on Seventh street; betweenMain andHighstreets.J.-BNORTHCOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833.For SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulleta5lTlr? nnXra-ralci tier -. r.i i . mllfL"ieJ?a"?1 White Leghorn pullets. Must be hmNm the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JRParis, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone -620.PUBLIC SALEorHorses, Mules, Cattle, Sheep, Hogs and FarmImplements. 'As I have sold my farpi I will sell at my place (known as N. Baylessfarm)'twd'miles from Paris, on Maysville pike, on " "Tuesday, November 26, 1918';at 10 o'clock a mr sharp:All claims against the estate ofAmos Turney, Sr., must be proven asrequired, by law, and presented, me"for payment.MRS. AMOS TURNEY, SR.( 2 2-2t) 'Administratrix.Administrator's NoticeAll claims against . the estate ofClell E. Turney must be proven as required'by law, and presented to mefor payment.AMOS E. TURNEY,(22-2t) Administrator.1 pair 7-year-old black Percheronmares in foal to jack;-1 pair 3-year-old black Percherons,well broke;1 half Percheron gelding, 3 yearsold;1 saddle and driving mare, ladybroke, in foal to jack;2 pair coming 3 -year-old wellmatched mare mules;1 yearlfng mare jmule;1 yearling horse mule;1 weanling mare mule, good;1 race horse, 3 years old;.1 6-year-old Shetland pony;1 yearling Shetland fllly;-5 extra good milk cowsi calves by J2 red cows;1 black pole cow. be iresh by dayI of sale;5 black long yearling steers, 750pounds;- 11 black yearling heifers, 700pounds;8 black calves;6 jersey cows, fresh;70 3-year-old black-faced ewes,due to lamb March 1;' 2 extra good Southdown bucks;1 sow and 8 pigs;1 sow and 5 pigs;5 brood sows, farrow inspring;1 Poland. 'China bbarr;17 cattle shoats;1 Chester white boar;1 Jersey Duroc boar;24 shoats;1 Deering Binder, new;2- Deering Mowers;2 Brlnley cultivators;1 Bull Rake;1 Black Hawk cornt planter;" 1 potato planter, fertilizer attachment; 1 one-horse fertilizer drill;2 tongueless Randall Harrows;1 60-toottf harrow;1 roller; 2 double-shovel plows;1 Bemis Tobacco Setter;3 Ureaking plows;2 5-shovel plows;IRONWe pay highest prices fori ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Climb. PhonO 374.(23-tf)1 potato plow;1 Mitchell two-horse wagon, new;1 two-horse wagon, combinationbed;1 hay frame; ,.1 Studebaker 1-horse wagon;1 Frazier break cart, newf1 good spring wagon; jOL runabout buggy;1 drag; 1 wheat fan;6 feed troughs; a,Jj1 sled; 1 corn sheller; -1 pond scraper;1 horse clipper, new; -1 corn crusher; -1 grind stone'; ""1 rock bed ;;1 feed cooker, good:1 No. 9 cream separator;Lot milk cans, 5 and 8 gallons';1 lard press; " ,1 whitewash spray; 11 wheelbarrow; , : .2 cross-cut saws; """?2 fence stretchers;75 new gunny bags;1 set all leather 'gears, .extra goodr1 man's saddle;1 boy's saddle, new;1 set-break- harness; ,3 sets work gears;1 extension ladder; '200 locust posts;4 barrels salt; '' J? barrels lime;2 iron mantel pleces;6,000 strawberry boxes;200 fence stays;15 tons baled alfalfa hayr(homegrown) ; rC17 tons baled mixed hay;2 tons straw;1 straw rick;3 wxater troughs;1 platform scales;1 pair ice" hooks;12 hot-bed sashes, with- glass;Lot chickens, ducks and geese;200 Bhocks extra good, corn, willmake better than barrel to shock;Pitch forks, tools, etc., too numerous to mention.1.Will1919. 'TERMSalso rent about 100 acres of grazing from December 1Made known on day of sale.to MarchJOHN SAUERGeoree D. Speakes. Auctioneer.(12-5t)East Tennessee Phone 152'ABQUirCROTIP:If your children are1 subiect tncroup, or if yau' fiavereasotf1 to featmen uciu6 M;w'uy.cMttaiseaie,rjyju. puuuw iiiuumo a uuiue 01 unamberlain's Cough Remedy and studythe directions 'for usa'sbith-it' In caser.of an attack you, will know exactlywhat course to'p-lrstfer Tn&Jis a favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and it is important that youobservevthe directions carefully:, - .;; c&et' ,. IThe War is Oyer!The Ford Motor Co, starts immediately to IIIIII manufacture pleasure cars. We can fur- jjl ;v HI nish cars very shortly td our customers. JPlace your orders now for an early dellv- t x jUHI ery9 and do not overlook the service you v nj-will receive in purchasing a car from us. (JJ -IIP l?s1 -gCKOrlA-C; Ji .- ttfTVfc. IIII Paris, Kentucky i ?HI ' HX.xM.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, ISIS;TEE: BOUBBOH HEWS, PJ'XEIfUOTTPlffl.w.riweirss-s- -WWiS ssc -j.': - -r v g ri111I&IIWLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JSOLDIERS AND SAILORSpiftfefitMmhimiiiiiitmmhhMNThe following letter -was receivedrecently by Miss Aimee Woods, ofParis, fropi 'her brother, Baldwin.Woods, who is a member of the Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, now jestablished near Hants, England, andof which a -number of other Bourboncounty boys are members. The letter, which was dated October 31, tollows: "On Active Service With"American Expeditionary Force,"October 31, 1918."My Dear Sister:"I received your letter to-day andyou know that I was certainly gladto hear from you. I hadn't receiveda letter from home for three weeksand when your letter came, I had tothrow up my hat and shout for joy.I also had a letter from Brother, andfrom Julia and Bradley."I wish you could see all our men.in their overseas uniforms, 'longtrousers, roll collars and belts aroundtheir waists. I haven't received mineyet, but that is the way the men aredressed. Some of the -men who havebeen in France have them. I guesswe will be getting them pretty soon."I am in a ward at night by myself. Some of the men under my cprecan't move, as they have a leg shotoff or face wounded. I think GeneralSherman was exactly right when hesaid "War is hell." It's nothing else.But I don't think it is going to lastmuch longer, as Austra-Hungary haslaid down, and the Germans are onthe verge of starvation, and facingrevolution in their own country. Isincerely hope it wTon't be very longuntil somebody or something gets theKaiser and gets him where he nevercan plot any more murder andtrouble."How are all the boys in Paris? Isuppose many of them are still waiting or expecting to be called into theservice or at least into the draft. Iguess by the time you get this it willbe Thanksgiving, and all will be having a good big feed. Gee, whiz! butI certainly would like to be therewith you! I would surely enjoy sitting down to a good old-fashionedAmerican dinner again."Contribute all you can, for wecertainly do -need it over here. Ihave some fellows who have beensleeping on the ground for the pastlive months, and one of them said hecertainly was glad to see a civilizedbed again. I tell you they havie donetheir duty and should be given a lotof credit. There is also a medicalman in our waYd who was in a basehospital in France, but they sent h:mout on the field. He is shot up prettybadly. Said they shot at him withmachine guns. The Red Cross that ison bis sleeve was caked with bloodwhen he was brought to us. There5s another fellow in the bed next tohim. He said he would do anythingthe boy asked of hijm, as the boy carried him off the field. Said his partner was hit between the eyes, butmanaged to carry him a few feet,when he dropped down and died.You certainly can tell the differencebetween a fellow that has been overthere and the fellow who hasn't. Iwould rather wait on a fellow thathas been over there than one whohasn't, because a wounded man justgrits his teeth when I go to ease hispain. I have one patient who criesevery time I go to rub hisbuck, withalcohol, so you can tell the differencebetween them. Some of my patientsare encased in plaster Paris, and feetup in the air and stomachs withweights on them, etc."Well, I hear the call, the sickcall; and I must close in order toanswer the bell for a 'sick bird.' So,with love to all, and hoping to hearfrom some of you again very soon,I am,"Yours Lovingly,"BALDWIN.""Baldwin Woods,"Base Hospital No. 40."American Expeditionary Force,"England."- MSTATE SERVICE FLAG TO HONORKENTUCKY'S DEAD.An immense service flag, bearinga gold star for every Kentucky sol-lMaiT McWilliams, on Higgins aveuici uuuoeii uy selective service wnodied in the cause, is to be preparedby direction of Maj. Henry F. Rhodes,chief of the selective service in thisState.Major Rhodes has requested thelocal boards to keep a record of menfrom their communities wlu) havedied at cantonments.No official report is made to hisoffice of casualties, but by observingthe local papers the boards are ableto keep informed, and in this way alist can be ;made up.fe Tsa EsDOUBT DISAPPEARSNo One In Paris Who Has aBack Should Ignore ThisDouble Proof.BadComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, -There andElsewhere.Miss Daisy Moore has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havegone to Boston, Mass., for a few days'stay.Mr. Roger Woods has taken aposition with the Bourbon SteamLaundry.Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Faulknerhave gone to Tucson, Arizona, for anextended visit with relatives.Mrs. F. M. Fulknerson, of Augusta, Ky., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs:Thos. W. Allen, on Duncan, avenue.Mrs.- Thompson Tarr is in Louisville, where she is a guest of Mrs.Clarence L. Martin, a former residentof Paris. .Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Barnette andson, J. E. Barnette, Jr., have gone toHanley, W. Va., where they willmake their future home.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Honey, ofthis city, are in Portsmouth. Ohio,where they are guests of Mrs. Honey'sbrother, Mr. Thos. Mulligan.Misses Mary and Margaret McCarthy have returned to their homein Lexington, after a visit to MissDoes your back ever ache?Have you suspected your kidneys?Backache is sometimes kidney ache.With it may come dizzy spells,Sleepless nights, tired, dull days,Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested bytime.Mrs. G. W. Newman, East Tenthstreet, Paris, says: "I had backachesand headaches and at. times wereweak and inactive. I heard aboutDoan's Kidney Pills and used themand they soon had me feeling betterm every way.Mrs. Newman gave the above account of Tier experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)IS ES'AMERICANS AND GERMANS.nue.Miss Sara Power has returned j;oher home in this city from ScienceHill Academy, atShelbyville, to remain, until the influenza ban has bef nlifted. -Mrs. Victor K. Shipp, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. Charels E. Butler and other relatives in Paris, andin Millersburgfor the past six weeks,returned Friday to her home in Oklahoma City, Okla.Rev. Ward Russell, pastor of theLittle Rock Christian church, andMrs. Russell, have returned from Louisville, where they attended a recentconference of the Christian Women'sBoard of Missions.Mrs. .George Smith, of Louisville,and Mrs. W. N. Jury, of Pewee Valley, near Louisville, who have beenguests of their brother, Mr. DavidWilson, and Mrs. Wilson, on Houstonavenue, have returned to their respective homes.Mr. NrFord Brent, who has beenseriously ill 'at his home on Pleasantstreet for some time, left Friday forRochester, Minn., accompanied by hisphysician, Dr. Charles G. Daugheity.He will undergo treatment at theMayo Bros.' Hospital, in Rochester.EAT A TABLET!STOPf' v DYSPEPSIA AT0HCEPape's Diapepsin Instantly Relieves,a Sour, Gassy or AcidStomach.When meals hit back and yourstomach is sour, acid, gassy, or youfeel full and bloated. When you haveheavy lujmps of pain or headachefrom indigestion. Here is instant relief!AAJust as soon as you eat a tablet ortwo of Pape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia, indigestion and stomach distress ends. These pleasant, harmlesstablets of Pape's Diapepsin never failto make upset stomachs feel fine atonce, and they cost very little at drugsfores. (adv)fe te feWHAT'S TO BE DONE WITH EXKAISER BILL?According o information reachingWashington there is strong sentimentin certain quarters of the Ententegovernments in favor of insisting thatWilliam Hohenzollern and his son,the former Crown Prince of Germanyshall be compelled to make their residence at some place remote from German territory. It is likely also thatthere will be equally strong insistence that no son or brother of theformer German Emperor shall be permitted to reside in Germany.Nothing has yet appeared to indicate a disposition on the part-of anyof the governments at war with Germany to provide unusual punishmentfor the former Kaiser and formerCrown Prince. The feeling exists,however, that it should be made impossible for them to carry on intrigueagainst the effort to demoralize Ger-(many with a view to reUstablishingthe Hohenzollern dynasty.The suggestion that the formerKaiser should be kept under guardon a remote island, as was Napoleon,has not attracted attention apparently among those who will have a sayin the ultimate disposition in theformer Kaiser's person. In connection with the suggestion one of theplaces mentioned for the confinementlWIVaIIIiAf&- JT- " -$ m -6."--Xt Vfr- - 1i: -:xixPRINTZESS-COATS'--Graceful Lines and Splendid Service inThese Beautiful Coats.t.-:.'""ViTt Prant'c mfiTiir -Pfinnila tti "Parieshope his recovery will be rapid and P the former Kaiser is.the Island ofSIOlHUp?Get at the Real Caiise Take Dr.Edwards' Olive TabletsThat's what thousands 6f stomachsufferer -are doing now. Instead ofttaking tonics, or trying to patch tip apoor digestion, they are attacking thereal cause of the ailment clogged liverend' disordered bowels.D Edwards' Olive Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are performing theirnatural functions, away goes indigestionand stomach, troubles.If tyou have a bad taste in yourznouth, tongue coated, appelate poor,lazy, don't-care teenng, no ai-uenergy, troubled with undigested foods.siiouia taite uavc iawsw, - w-voustitute for calomel. , . . t 'Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witiiolive oil. You will know them by. theirolive color. They do the work without8 SStfrttadttmelbrqSSrelief, so you can eat wnat yw u.In the last offensive, the Germanwounded received precisely the sametreatment as our own men. At theCasualty Clearing Station Genmahofficers sat at table with us. On theRed Cross train they were given bedsand our English sisters waited onthem. I thought of how the Germannurses treat our chaps, spitting intothe food and the cups "before theyhanded them to them. The officerssat stiffly a.nd insolently with absurdyellow gloves on, looking as thoughevery kindness shown was a nationaltribute to their superiority. -iieut.Coningsby Dawson, C. P. A., in theDecember Red Cross Magazine."PlJ l&CHAMBERLADPS COUGH REMEDY. -permanent.Mrs. Milton J. Stern, formerlyMiss Eugenia Fishback, of Paris,who has been ill for several days ofSpanish influenza at Camp Wadsworth, near Snartansburg, S. C, wasreported as being somewhat improved. Her mother, Mrs. Ada Fishback,summoned by a message, is at herbedside. Lieut. Stern is stationed inthe Base Hospital at Camp Wadsworth. Mr. and Mrs. Brinch Meineitzwere host and hsotess to a congenialparty of friends recently with a sixo'clock dinner, bridge at thir homeon the North Middletown' pike, nearParis. The guests who enjoyed thedelightful hospitality of the hostswere Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell, Dr.and Mrs. Chas. G. Daugherty, Mr.and Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, Mr. andMrs.. Fay Ardery, Mr. and Mrs. J. O.Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. ThornwellTadlock, Mr. and Mrs. Wjlliajni Shire,Misses Carloyn Roseberry, 'ElizabethSteele, Loraine Butler and MarthaFerguson, Messrs. Hugh Ferguson,Charlton Clay, Ben Buckner, Clarence M. Thomas, Julian Rogers"andWithers Davis.(Other Personals on Page 5)id lea mHOLD YOUR LIBERTY BONDSy-Of all the Fall Coats that we have seen foranumber of years these stylish Printzess garments are the most attractive. 'Some havehandsome fur collars and are very aristocratic.The belts, too, are noveland artistic.Yoii'get the height of style f and smartnessin these Printzesscoats real 'distinction indress." You also obtain lasting value andjdelpendable all-wool quality in these coats whichare exquisitely tailored even to their smallestdetails. They not only fit well at first, but theyhold their stylish lines throughout the life ofthe garment.We want you to look at these new Printzesscoats and try them on without feeling under theslightest obligations to buy. We want you to seethe value and the exquisite tailoring for yourself. We want you to note the prices whichmake Printzess Coats and Suits the most economical and yet the most stylish garments youcan obtain anywhere.. . . - ' .VVDo -not imagine that because otlijircough medicines failed to give yourelief that it will "be the-sapie wjthChamberlain's Cough Remedy. Bqarin mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world widereputation and immense sale. Amedicine (must have exceptional meritto win esteem wherever it becomesknown. ,(adv-nov)is ta laAnd for our part, we are not onlywilling to bear our swora mxo aplowsliare but we tavor putting inelit 10c and 25c per box. All druggists. Lex-Empress to plowing.Some get-rich-quick poncerns areendeavoring to persuade patrioticLiberty Bond holders, whojm theyknow will not sell outright the!"Liberty" Bojids, to turn over theirLiberty Bonds to these pompanies assecurity for a .loan and with themoney thus borrowed purchase theirstock in their companies.A Liberty Loan Bond is the safestinvestment in the world, and a prudent man will very carefully investi-Hgate any effort tp induce him to exchange it for less safe investment.This lending one money on Libertybonds as security to purchase stockin the lender's company is in manycases only a thinly disguised methodof exchanging stock of doubtful valuefor Liberty Bonds of unquestionedvalue.It is a good business and it is patriotism to hold your Liberty Bonds.Heligoland with the guard composedof soldiers of the allied and American governments.It is taken for granted that the matter of ijmposing punishment on theKaiser and leading members of theautocratic group at Berlin whichbrought on the war and were responsible for German atrocities, will bediscussed by the representatives ofthe allied governments of a peacetreaty with Germany. So far, however, no definite suggestion on thissubject appears to have been givenconsideration.Ji " ISThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit-was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken inter-1ially and acts through the blood onthe jmucous surfaces of the system.One hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that HaH'sCatarrh. Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.F. J.' CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, 'Ohio. ;Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c. ,(adv-nov)fe J53 LwoLr,wiLc e co.LEXINGTON, KY.We are glad the war is ovr? even,though the restoration of peace means3i renewal of the struggle to make us.all use the metric system.MICK1E SAYSm if'No Wastingof Bar Soapl1;iNO decidedIyno,whenGRANDMA is around.No bar soap lying inwater wasting away. No xdripping, slicing or shavingoff mote, thari you need. .GRANDMA is a wonderfulsoap and it is Powdered.That's the big secret You just'measure .out what you need, nomore. Sprinkle it in the tub andpresto millions of gloriousxIeans-.incr suds in an instant. Then, theTir L L- U7J Crul whitest, deaneat, freshest clothesWash the vrooten oockm . h on a wasn i,neI You Knit with GrandmaGRANDMA'S Powdered SoapYour Grocer Has It!illIF PEOPLED JfcST SfO?f think. That AOMEa-rvsvS THE K6NSPMtR. NVfKSSTOCK IN ffcAbE, fHENNEVER TOW -CO eiT IT fR.NOTHNvUKE THEY 00SOMETIMES, NO rAOTlBThan TheVo sk theGROC&a per a freeSACK OF FLOU9-vrWits- oMAri ' jEfficientTrillingIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WintericoXl is scarceYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYHi.r- VIs what you get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand -for ourgraduates is much greater than wecan supply. . We court a thorough investigation. Send for Booklet-"The PugazzaWay Leads to the Highest- Positions"and you'll he convinced that thisisthe hestj school for yourto- attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. jn.-to, v-meet prospective students. Enrollsnow and. be 'ready to start when the"flu" ban is raised. 'Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiencr is Our Watchword -Miss Irene Fuzazzi, Erincipal.Mrs."L L. T. , Jpnes, Asst. Principal.! 118 K.vxfbier. St:. Second Floor,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment 'BOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.:DirectoryHome Telephone CoOur new directory will go to press within the near,future, ancUf you arethinlpng of having a telephone installed we would he gld to figure with you. We are .per- 'mitted by-the Government to make new .installationswhere service is needed-for essential- purposes, and ''prqvided we have facilities and the "Service ConnectionCharge ' is paid by the subscriber. This charge is veryreasonable compared with that of piping your house forwater or gas. ojr wiring it for electric lights, and impost4by the Government as a war measure only.Paris Hfline Telephone A Telgraph Co;;,(Incorporated.) -M. Ji. CANKQIT.4j;.J. VEATCH. r fDistrict Maaaeer - s -'s ' V ,r Xocil -Jtaiacitx 'iIIIXIIxIXIxIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXI?Xirtt-.1'it;2CMis;-.Jifis:-Xexiarton. Ky..N.-tr- -1THE B6u,Pi30rpU(?AtlV70Uld H'TUESDAY NOVJDlCpMt, lllf I1'..WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.....At Bed Cross Sewine Booms.Wednesday Woman's Bible Glass,Christian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle,Election of Officers Postponed.The election of officers for thelocal ;Re'd Cross scheduled for Mon--dayafternoon, was postponed to WfednAsrlsv afternoon at 2:30 in theCounty Court room.TJ. S. Prisoners Mistreated.The Germans before the armisticeras signed made a practice of stealing the clothing from Americans uirivinir at prison camps at Limburg,Darmstadt and Giessen and givingthem: wooden sabots in place of their"hnotft The American Red. rosswhich shipped clothing to replacethat, lost in this way by the Americans protested to the German authorities but they replied that the equip-men of soldiers in. capuvuy was icgarded as booty. Complaint has also"been made of the brutal treatment' accorded prisoners of war in theTiands of the Bulgarians; according tothe testimony of British prisoners-who have lately returned from Bulgaria, some of the men were driveninsane by the tortures deliberatelyinflicted on them. In one case a.Greek was hung up by the feet andburned.The Nurses' Survey.The nurses7 survey promises splendid results. This survey should notbe confused with the enrollment campaign of the American Red Cross. The"basic idea of the survey is to find andTecord every woman .who has ever hadany training in caring for the sick orwounded in order that intelligent appeals may be (made to all parts of thecountry for help, both in the care ofthe military establishment and thecivilian population. The survey will"be equally important in that it will-enable the Red Cross to make its appeals' in a-n equitable manner as between different sections of the country. :Erencli Girls In America.Over 60 young French girls, the-first'of some 230 who have been-chosen for scholarship at American"universities, recently landed at one ofour ports to take up the study in thiscountry 'of American customs andideals. As time goes on more willsome to imbibe what they can ofAmerican ways and carry them backto France and teach them thereamong their own people. Millionsof our citizens are in France now,assimilating many of the Frenchways of living to bring them back toAmerica after the war. Both racesare eager to learn more of the other.Their ideal are akin and though ina few particulars there is a wide dissimilarity in their habits and views,as they go on intermingling we maylook for the time when even thesedifferences will be lessened, bringingthe two great republics into a closerand stronger alliance than ever couldliave been effected through diplomaticchannels only.Women Tor Bailwav Mail ClerksCivil service examinations for railway mail clerks are to be i heldthroughout the country Nov. 30, it isannounced, -and women will be admitted to them. Female applicantsmust be between 18 and 35 years ofage, must be at least five feet twoinches in height and have no physicaldefects. Only those over 21 years ofage will be permitted on the road, itis said; and these sparingly. Theothers will be confined mainlyto positions at terminal railway postoffices. Mrs. Youne Honored.School authorities in Chicago honored the memory of Mrs. Ella FlaggYoung by ordering the various school"houses in the city to fly their flags athalf mat. Mrs. Young died in Washington a few days ago, aged 73 years.All her life she was interested in- educational work. She was a member-of th Illinois State Board of Education for1 nearly a quarter of a centuryandalso wrote several books on education. V N153 185 ?EJDRESS TIP- To celebrate peace and victory in'sMDavis suit or overcoat.Tr- ' ' J. W. DAVIS & CO.r r )B IBS 1JUST RECEIVED.Received 10 or 15 cars best RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yards. Comequick if you want good coal.' RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)1SJ T5S toIMPORTANT NOTICE TO SURGICAL DRESSINGS WORKERS.All workers in the Surgical Dressing class of the Red Cross, all graduates and others interested in thework., are earnestly requested to attend ,an important meeting to be heldin the rooms at 2:30 o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon.Thisis to be one of the most important; meetings of the year, and forthat Teison it is earnestly urged thatall who are well and able to workcome? $ the meeting. Don't neglectthis call, as it is made in the interestof humanity and the Red'Cross partin great work.NOTICE TO MEMBERS WOMEN'SBI1LE CLASS.The members of the'VVomeo's BibleClaas of the Presbyterian church will-obtain monthly pamphlets from Superintendent Owen L. Davis, at the Y.M.C. A. The usual amounts given,weekly by each for the Sunday Sekcolnd Bibe Class .activities for .October, Ijoveoer ana jjecemoer lymjje e.--oectias soon a the new church isj& -sfS &ke4P,..(committee to begin on his-tory of boubbon's soldiebsTOBY OE B0UBB0N,Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, Chairman ofthe Department of History, KentuckyFederation of Clubs, in September appointed the Woman's Club of NorthMiddletown to the task of compilingdata concerning the Bourbon countymen in the service, and putting it inform by which a permanent recordcan be preserved. Mrs. Alice SmithDickson and Mrs. John T. Collinswere chosen by the North MiddletownClub to perform this task.Mrs. Faniebelle Sutherland,through the Council of Defense was,a little later, appointed County Historian. As her work is to include allthe war work activities of the county fMrs. Sutherland has given the his-'tory of the bOys over entirely to Mrs.Dickson and Mrs. Collins, they having already begun the. same work.The War Mother's Association, ofwhich Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft is StatePresident, was also delegated to compile a history of the sons in the service. Since tiitnes are too strenuousto permit overlapping of work, theone comjmittee. will serve the threeorganizations.Much "information concerning thedraftees can be obtained from thequestionnares at the court house, butthere is nothing on file pertaining tothe volunteers, or the men in thenavy. It is greatly desired that thename of no men in the service beoverlooked, therefore it is requestedand urged if there is any informationor assistance any person can renderthis committee, that it be carefullyand voluntarily given. Phone eitherMrs. Dickson or Mrs. Collins.This is to be a record which willmean (much to coming generations.When we consider the sacrifices ourboys have made, and the gloriouspart they have played in the greatworld war, it seems the least we cando is to make some permanent record of their names and tchievements.It must be remembered that -not allthe heroes are among the men whoare "over there." They everyonewanted to go, and the greatest sacrifices have been made by those whonever got away from the camps inthe home land.m fe 151DRY! DRY! DRY! DRY!JUNE 30, 1919.AFTERWASHINGTON, Nov. 25. President Wilson, at one minute to 5o'clock Thursday afternoon, signedthe bone-dry prohibition measure andthus made it a law.After next June 30 no intoxicatingliquors of any kind may be sold inthis country for beverage purposesexpect for export, until such time asthe President, by proclamation, declares demobilization completed. Theamendment prohibits the importationinto this country from the time thebill is approved by the President until the demobilization of the army iscompleted.Unless the Presidential proclamation under the food control act is rescinded the prohibition amendmentwill affect only the manufacture ofwine, for the brewing of beer ceasesDecember 1 under the President'sproclamation.The manufacture of whiskey wasstopped soon after the nation enteredthe war. Under the amendment themanufacture of wine will cease nextMay 1, and should brewing of beerbe allowed to continue after December 1 it also would stop May 1 underthe new law.Prohibition leaders say the law insures permanent prohibition for thenation because the process of demobilization may take two years "and bythat time the prohibition amendjmentwill be ratified."E3i G5i !54REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. J. C. Masonheimer, of Paris,purchased Saturday a house and loton Flanagan street, in Winchester,belonging to Mr. J. R. Broadhuist,for the reported price of $2,000. Mr.Broadhurst purchased a twenty-fiveacre farm of Mr. Clifton Fox, on theIronworks pike, in Clark county andwill jmove to it on March 1.Mr. John Farris purchased lastweek of Hugh Alexander the triangular plot of ground on which his restaurant is located, near the Tenthstreet L. & N. passenger station, for5,000. The terms of the transactionincluded the building occupied as arestaurant by Mr. Farris.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm m isMONTGOMERY COUNTY HOME ISDESTROYED BY EIRE.. Fire from a defective flue completely destroyed the country home ofCharles Boyd near Judy, in Montgomery county, Saturday. Nearly allthe contents were burned. The family was-at breakfast and the housewas falling inwhen theflames werediscovered. - The loss was about ?S,500. T te-;teFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.REMEMBER THE ORPHANS' HOMETHAIIESGIvTNGI4Y.As the war is over and God hasspared our twenty-five boys and grilswho were in the service to returnthat they may make useful citizens,let each of us attend Christian service on Thanksgiving Day, and return thanks to our Heavenly Father,and also, see that our ivardff at theOrphan Home at Lexington, Ky., areprovided a royal good Thanksgivingdinner. All who can spare a turkey,chicken, meats, sacks of potatoes, apples, etc., please deliver to the undersigned by 10 o'clock to-morrow,(Wednedsday) morning, Nov. 27,19i8. Remember there are 150 of.the children of our deceased brothers.Don't fail.'-,VtE.BJANUAR.YChairman.BOURBON COUNTY SOEDIER"'WRITES A NOTABLE BOOK. -THE NEWS has been favored witha copy of an interesting work, written by Mr. Lot D. Young, of nearNorth Middletown, entitled "Reminiscences of A Soldier of The OrphanBrigade." The book, which was published by the Courier-Journal JobPrinting Co., at Louisville, is dedicated, in the words of the author, adistinguished Confederate soldier,"To those who wore the gray, theircihldren, and their grandchildren."It also bears the following introductory commendation from the membersof the Richard Hawes Chapter,Daughters of the Confederacy, of thiscity:"The Richard Hawes Chapter ofthe Daughters of the Confederacywarmly recommends Lieut. Lot. D.Young's 'Reminiscences of A Soldierof the Orphan Brigade," as, almostworthy addition to the literature ofthe South. It is an interesting recital of the author's personal experiences and contains much valuablehistoric information. The Chapterrecommends Lieut. Young a splendidChristian gentleman, a gallant Confederate soldier, to all lovers of history, and especially to the brave soldiers of the present war."Beginning with his espousal of theConfederate cause, Mr. Young details in a realistic and most entertaining way the progress of the Orphan Brigade and tells of the manybattle in which that famous organization participated. It is full of interest from cover to cover, and thereis not a dull line in it. His description of the battle of Shiloh is a(masterpiece of wordpainting.The book is on sale at the ParisBook Co. It has been suggested thatthe parents and friends of the "boys"overseas could send them this bookas a Christmas present as being onethey would certainly appreciate. Itwould be more welcome now becauseof their inactivity than if they wereactively engaged in campaigning. Itis a martial message from a soldierof the past to those who have beenengaged in fighting in the cause offreedom and liberty.IS Ea laTHE DAWN OE PEACE.When the mantle of peace has beenspread over battle-scarred Europe,we piust plan for the future. Planning time is already here, and in anycomprehensive scheme live stockmust have a prominent .place.The International Live Stock Exposition is dedicated to the task ofpromoting improvement in horses,cattle, hogs and sheep. It is a business problem, with the essential admixture of sentiment. Only by active co-operation can peace problemsbe solved, and at the 1918 assemblage of breeders, feeders and farmers in Chicago the first week of December, these problems will be considered by men whose personal interests force them to keep abreast oftimes and coincidently operate tothe advantage of the whole community. Peace problems are squarely up toleaders in every sphere of production. After-the-war business willlack every vestige of precedent. Thefact that the 1918 International occurs during the armistice that precedes return to peace conditions,makes it peculiarly opportune forconsideration of prospective conditions. The brains of the live stock industry will gather at Chicago nextmonth, giving the meeting unusualinternational importance in view ofthe responsibility for feeding devastated Europe, which is our nationallegacy of the strife of the past fouryears.te 1 MHOUSE TO OPEN SEASONDECEMBER 11.The tobacco season of 1918-19 willbe inaugurated in Paris on Wednesday, December 11, when the first salewill be held at the warehouse of theIndependent Tobacco WarehouseCompany, in South Paris. The warehouses will be "open on Monday, December 9, for the reception of tobacco on the sales floors. The sale onWednesday will begin promptly atnine o'clock, a. m., and continue until the lots are disposed of.The Paris Tobacco Warehouse Company, of which Mr. Charles C. Clarkeis President, and Mr. Dan W. Peed,Manager, disposed of a total of 3,385,545 pounds of tobacco during theseason of 1917-1918, which broughta total of $1,002,?37. This made thehighest average of any tobacco warehouse in the State, a season averageof $29.61. This house also scored thehighest floor average for any one day,being $44.95, and also a crop lot forthe highest price of any house on anymarket in the State, $56.60.The Independent is prepared totake care of any offerings brought tothe house, having one of the bestlighted and most thoroughly equipped floors of any house in the State.Prompt attention will be given allcustomers, and settlements will bemade promptly, leaving everybodycontented and satisfied. Take yourtobacco to this Jiouse, Mr. TobaccoMan, if you desire to realize the bestprices. Under able business management and with the assurance of righttreatment the Independent ought tobe the tobacco man's Mecca this winter-' 22-2t)FRUIT JITS AND SHELLS' NOTNEEDED NOW.'Orders were received here by theRed Cross Society stating that thec611ection of fruit pits and nut shell'ssnouia oe discontinued..The communication, which wasfrqm the Lake Division headquartersin Cleveland, Ohio, stated that sincethe signing of the armistice withGermany the War Department feelsthat there is no need for eras mnoWor for the collection of pits and shellsiu uu tam caroon ior tne masks.The Boy Scouts, it was announced,will, m the near future, completetheir work in the campaign by removing the patriotic boxes -wrtnfc VnTlPn nlanoil -5r yDatn !,,.!. r Ir t r uuouiess nousesto receive tthmpiand.shellsASKS DEMOBUJZATIOjr OF KEN-TUCK-FARlTERSOTtST4'i.A recommendation that preference'be shown agricultural workers in'thedemobilization 'and that 10,000 Kentucky Farpiers, now- in cantonments, jbe, mustered out at once, has been for- jwarded by Maj. Henry P.' Rhodes jchief selective service officer forfKentucky, to the Provost Marshal)General at Washington, an'd he hasbeen advised that the Adjutant General has the recommendation beforehim.Maj. Rhodes said there are morethan that many farmers at CampZachary Taylor. Some of-them lefttheir corn to be attended by others,,if at all; some have tobacco cropswhich must be sold if they and theirfamilies are -to be provisioned for another year. "in addition to this, tenant farmersmust make arrangements for nextyear at once, so they can be readyearly in the new year to prepare fortheir spring work.- If they ''are discharged late in thewinter they will find it diflicult, ifnot impossible, to get located.Since food for the starving peopleof Europe is the principal consideration, now that the war is over, Maj.Rhodes said it seems of utnost" importance that there should be an abundance of farm labor available withoutdelay.SIX O'CLOCK DINNER- AT THEWINDSOR THANKSGIVING.Eat your turkey at the WindsorThanksgiving Day. Six-o'clock dinner served at fifty cents per plate.51 11THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTHoover, the man who has reducedour food allowance to a starvationpoint, says that we may not expecta decrease in the price of food fora long time. This is pretty tough,but we can eat our costly allowancenow with better grace, since we areassured that there is a good timecoming when the depiands of thestomach can be fully gratified.CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers (may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN, .1 22-tf) Florist Agent., FOURTH LIBERT IT LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &: TRUST CO. (tf)fe isi tej 'The clash between Col. Rooseveltxtid George Creel, being one ofwords, never will come to an end because of the lack of ammunition onejtfher side.Do Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sellv,NeckwearHosieryBeltsSuspendersMufflersSweatersShirtsUnion SuitsMake This Thanksgiving One of SatisfactionBy Wearing One of Our Suits or OvercoatsHART'SCHAFNMR & MARXCLOTSMS "You are guaranteed clothes satisfaction if .you buy here in this store. " You. have thesatisfaction of knowing you are well dressed and-in the height of fashion in the way ofstyle-and patterns. The values we know are good as they are priced lower than elsewhere.SUITS . OVERCOATS$12.50 to $45.00 $15.00 to $50.00R7th and MainMaMmliLADIES'BIGREDUCTIONSJERSEY AND SATINDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIESlSr:Practical Gifts OnlyK3v43BflRflKt9BBB&fEI LliMiiXliiiiiilHCopyright X91I9k Houatf ot KnppaiiP. WALSHU One-Price Store - PiOUTFITTERSa hINANDOUTFITTERSIJJ'.Z.'VTCTT, HatsCapsBath RobesPajamasNight RobesGlovesGripsSuit CasesiParis, Ky.tJ M I I)-jM&i&Xr,',TUESDAY, NOVEMBER SCaf 8. "B0liB6fWsFB6EaTCTTHEitr"-& ,-5eks,t csrCfhKFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOR THANKSGIVINGPlum Puddings and Mince Meat offinest quality.C. P. COOK & CO.19i te feaWHAT TO GIVE HIM.You'll find the kind he would likehere. Christmas gifts are ready.J. W. DAVIS & CO.?s fca TsiTHE RABBIT MARKETRabbits are retailing at twentyfive cents each, with not many onthe market. There is reported ascarcity of "bunnies" throughout thecounty, which usually furnishes muchport for the hunters.In many counties the rabbits arereported dying from some unknowndisease, and, "as a result, consumersare afraid to buy them unless tneyknow they have been killed in theusual way. A few years ago the rabbits were almost exterminated bya disease resembling the "foot-and-?nouth"plague, which was then prevailing in almost epidemic form bythe humans and animals.is EaCLOSED THURSDAY.In order to give our office force andemployes a holiday, our offices andyards will be closed all day on Thursday, Nov. 28, Thanksgiving Day. Ourcustomers will please take notice.BOURBON LUMBER CO.TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.(It). , ?IZ3 t3 TMTHANKSGIVING DINNER AT THECROSDALE HOTEL.Thanksgiving Day being a customary "FAST" day, the Crosdale Hotel will be excedingly "FAST" onthat date from 5:30 to 7:30 p. m.Music appropriate for the solemnityof the occasion. (26-lt)P3 E3 153LOUISVILLE &TABLISHESNASHVILLE ES"DEAD LINE,"A "dead line" has been established by the Louisville & Nashville, atthe Tenth street passenger station, asa warning to 'passengers waiting fortrains, not to get too near the platform edge. The "dead line" is a broadred painted line about three feet fromthe edge of the platform. This is intended to guard passengers, from getting too close to incoming or outgoing trains.Dapiage suits amounting to thousands of dollars against the companyliave often been filed when, the accidents were the result of carelessnesson the part of people crowding theplatform edge or standing- too closeto the tracks.fca TTHANKSGIVING DAY.Don't forget that next Thursday,November 28, will be ThanksgivingDay. The banks and postoffice w:llbe closed, and probably most of thebusiness houses. The rural mail carriers will -not go out on their routes,but one delivery and one collectionwill be made in the business and residence districts. The general delivery and stamp windows at the postoffice will be open from 11:30 to12:30 p. m. No business will betra-nsacted in the money order orregistry department.In accordance with the proclamations issued by President Wilson andGov. Stanley the people are asked toobserve the day as one of restfulnessand prayer, in thankfulness for ourvictorious arpnies and those of theAllies, and for the prospect of worldpeace, just dawning again over thelate scenes of bloodshed and strife.I JQl m.WHY DO YOU PAY RENT?SOCIAL Altt) PERSONAL.n,comings and Goings of OnrPeople Here, There andElsewhere.l&KE THAifl ?DAY. ' PROPRIATE ONE.AP-Mr. Arthur Buney is a guest ofhis brother, Mr. 0. H. Burley, inAshland.Mrs. George Hamilton, of TwoRivers. Wis., is visiting tot. mnfc.Mrs. Alice Sweeney, on Higgins ave- ?tic pePle of America next Thursday'Never in the history of the worldhave theAmerican people had greatercause jror returning thanks to Godthan they have thisryear. With theclosing of the "world-war, and theprospect of .established peace, thereis ample cause for returning thanks.The people of Paris and Bourboncounty will join in with the patri-nueMr.BourbonJames H. Moreland, of theOil & DeveloDment C.n.. hasin returning: thanks for (manifoldblessings.Praise for the goodness of God isbeen in Irvine several days superin- never out of Place and never unreatending the removal of a warehouse sonble but Jt will b especially apmto another oil field propriate on this Thanksgiving Day,Mrs. Laura Estill Francis has re- 'the day set apart by offlcial appointturned to Paris from a delightful ment notice the mercies that havevisit to Lexinerton and T?iP.TiTnnnH Deen bestowed upon us, the blessingswnere sne enioved thfi frraat "PmnUnion Victory Celebration" with herold choir at the Christian church.THE' SICK Among the recently :reported influenza sufferers are Mr.Wm. B. Ardery and son, Winston, 'Mrs. E. F. Cantrill, Charles and JohnBrooks Webber, Misses Hattie andLelia Clarke and Mrs. Chas. Webber.A telegram from Rochester, (Minn., yesterday afternoon statedtnat Mrwhich we have,enjoyed, the kind interpositions that have been made inour behalf, the bounties which havebeen bestowed upon us in order thatwe may render again to God thanksfor all His benefits with festive joyand heartfelt thankfulness. The presence of the influenza plague and theabsence from their accustomed placesof many members of the householdwho are either "over here" or "overthere" in the service, adds a tinge ofFord "Rrpnt nf PaWo nH-went a successful operation at nine saaness ana regrettuiness to tne day,o'clock yesterday morning for gall ?" w u .na' B0 much to bestones, and had rallied nicely from tbankful for m tne neaF prospect ofthe shock. He is at the Mayo Bros.' , peae that we can afford to acceptHospital with resignation the temporaryMrs. Wayne Lafferty, formerly ! trubles of tbe Present,of Paris, organized at Irvine last ,We, ma7 welcome this annualweek a chapter of the Order of the : anKsgiving uay wim tne added m-eastern Star to be known as theBertha Lafferty Chapter. The insti-'Psi7JJLjl . -' 'u iLf J!il- 1L -?Vtuting work was done by Mrs. TillieYork, of Bond, Ky., assisted by Mrs.Lafferty.Owingsville correspondence Lexrington Sunday Herald: "Mrs. GlennPerry and Mrs. Elva -Catlett werecalled to Paris, Tuesday, on acccountof the illness of Mrs. Charles Leer. . .G. C. Ewing was called to Paris,Thursday, on account of the illnessof his aunt, Mrs. Charles Leer."terest which venerable! thrown around it, withmemories which earlyweave about our formercustoms hasthe pleasingassociationscelebrationsMr. Lawrence D. Mitchell, ofNorth Middletown, Bourbon CountyFood Administrator, attended themeeting last week of the County FoodAdministrators of Kentucky. Practically every county in the State wasrepresented and matters of importance in connection with their workwas discussed by the representatives.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Ryles,and Mrs. Maroii RyleS, Mr. and Mrs.Clyde Ryles and family, and Mr. Albert Johnson of Jacksonville, and Mr.Oakley Slade and Miss Callie Slade,of Clintonville, were guests at theHome of Mr. and Mrs. George Slade,in Harrison county, at a dinner givenin honor of Mr. Slade's seventyfourth birthday anniversary. Therewere at the table ten children,twelve grandchildren, three greatgrandchildren, anda number of invited guests.Sunday's Louisville CourierJournal has the folowing social itemsconcerning society people well known,in Paris: "Mrs. Edward W. Fithianand son, Master Edward Bailey Fithian, after spending several weeks atthe Jewish Hospital, will return thisweek to join Mr. Fithian and be theguests of Mrs. Fithian's parents, Mr.and Mrs. R. Owen Bailey, at theirapartment in St. Ives Miss MayAdapis Lincoln, who has been ill atthe home of her parents, Judge Walter P. Lincoln and Mrs. Lincoln, forseveral day's, is improving."(Other Personals "on Page 3)pa & isTHANKSGIVING AT WINDSOR. 'The Windsor Hotel will serve asix-o'clock dinner Thanksgiving Dayat fifty cents per plate. All the delicasies of the season.PATHER OP PARIS YISITOR LIKELY McADOO'S SUCCESSOR. .of it with the recollection of absentfriends and relatives who have sharedit with us, and hail its advent ao aday of sacred and social joy. Itshould be observed with happy heartsand cheerful voices, and for the timeat least the voice of sorrow shouldbe hushed and the ear of grief restrained, while full scope is given toall the kindlier emotions of our natures. Let us crowd into its flyinghours the pleasant memories of thepast, the fairest prospects of the future, and make it a bright and glorious day.Let us make it as far as we can andunder the present circumstances, aday of grateful rejoicing, and, whilewe partake freely of the bountiesofthe year, give loose rein to the sweetMr. ! svimnathies of humanity and dispensewith a liberal hand and a benevolentspirit to those that have need of it,so that the voice of gladness may beheard in every dwelling in Paris. Inimitation of the time-honored customof our fathers and in obedience to thelanguage of the Scriptures, let us"eat the fat and drink the seet andsend portions to them for whomnothing is prepared."It is fortunate that the world cannot discern the hidden things of theheart. There we can .store ourgrief to ponder over it at our leisureand give to the world only the smilea- beniflcent Providence may impartto our souls and that will strengthenus to sing a hymn of Thanksgiving.While sorrow for those who are absent over the seas, or in the campsjmay reign within, yet may peace andhope and confiding trust surroundevery reader of this column. Maythe boys in the camps in this country and in Europe have their share,too, of the comforts and goodness ofthe day!1ES IS 3Prbbaly it appears to you to be theeasiest way to get along it is certainly easy for the landlord. Youare making him a present of thehouse in which you live every fewyears, for in reality you are buyingand paying for a home, but never receive the deed for it.By taking advantage of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association'ssystem of loaning money you willonly have to pay for your home once,and the house will be yours while youdo it, as you will be paying the rentto yourself.We offer you thb opportunity inour new series which opens Saturday, December 7.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.(22-2t). 53 pB tE3 -COUNTY COURT APPOINTMENTS.In the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton made the following appointments of administrators andguardians:Mrs. Lizzie Manning Turney asadministratrix of the estate of lierhusband, Amos Turney, Sr. Mrs.Turney accepted the trust and ojialified ' bv furnishing bond with Mr."Louis Tavlor as surety- W. . W-Mitchell and Amos E. Turney; Jr.,were appointed as appraisers of theestate.Amos E. Turney, Jr., was appoint-ied administrator of the estate of hisbrother, the late-Mr. lell Turney.Mr. Turney qualified by furnishingbond with' Mr. Jesse Turney, Sr.. assurety. W. W. Mitchell and LouisTaylor were appointed to appraisethe estate.Mr. Jesse Turney, Sr., was apr'nointed guardian of Jesse Turney,Jr., tlie little son of thelate ClellTurney.Mrs. Allie B. Bedford was appointed administratrix of the estateof her husband, the late Mr. Prank P.Bedford, who died in Paris a fewdays ago. Mrs. Bedford qualified byluraifeblng bond,with-Mr. Carter N.Martin as surety. JThos. Henry Clay,Jr.vMdtS; 'Brooks Clay were namedto'apprafee the estate.The resignation of William G. McAdoo as Secretary of the Treasuryand Director-General of Railways hasbrought into the public eye as hispossible successor in the fonmer. capacity Representative Glass, of Virginia, whose daughter, Miss AugustaGlass, has been a frequent visitor atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChamp, in this city.Friends of Mr. Glass say that hehas the reputation of being .a closestudent' and a constructive thinker onfinancial subjects and for executiveability in a number of private enterprises. Representative Glass, who, isChairman of theNHouse Banking andCurrency Committee, is known to beunder consideration by several ofPresident Wilson's closest advis,ers.He is now in France as a member ofone of the war commissions sent tothat country by the Government.His daughter. Miss Glass, will be aguest of Mrs..phamp again next summer.NOW P0R THE CHANGEFrom military to civilian clothes.You'll find the better sort here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.JUST RECEIVED'.Received 10 or 15 cars best RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yard. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.).(.22-tf)TEQ TSl IBS-NO NEW DEVELOPMENTS Dfr THEINPLUENZA SITUATION, i rWih.no new cases developing inthe past 'two day&, and a generalclearing up here the influenza situation presents nothing of materialvalue in a news sense. Dr. A. H.Keller, City Health Officer, statedyesterday that the situation here wasgenerally very satisfactory, and thatthe ban would continue, nowever, until there was not the least suspicionof danger. He held' a conferencewith Rev. George R. Combs regarding the situation,- and the possibilityof having a service at the OperaHouse or in the court house onThanksgiving Day, and decided itwould be 'better not to take' chancesas yet in permitting public gatber-SWEATER YARN RECEIVEDMiss Ranah Owens has receivedone thousand pounds of sweater yarn,and the same is now ready to begiven. out to those idesiring and willing to knit sweaters. The women ofBourbon county have been asked toknit several thousand garments bythe last of January for the soldiers,jmany of whom wiU be sent to Siberiaand Russia this winter. They willneed warm, comfortableclothing-rorjthe climate. a . .l IKA GREAT OFFERING INWOMEN'S SUITSAt Special Reduced PricesThese suits consist of the newest and most distinctive styles- of the seaoh's mostapproved modes. All the most called-for fabrics and colors are represented. Manymodels are fur trimmed. Rare bargains at these Special Reductions:$47.50 Suitsnow reduced to . .$59.50 Suitsnow reduced to . .$65,00 Suitsnow reduced to . .$29.50$39.50$49.50$79.50 Suitsnow reduced to..$89.50 Suitsnow reduced to..$125.00 Suitsnow reduced to$59.50$69.50$79.50Do Your Christmas Shopping at ThisStore of Practical Gifts.Christmas Shoppers will find that this store is the home of practical anduseful Christmas Gifts and everything is arranged so as to make choosing easy.The Christmas Handkerchiefs are here in bountiful array, as are the GiftGloves, Hosiery, Furs, Bath Robes, Silk and Crepe de Chine Underwear, Blouses,Neckwear. Also what will make a more acceptable present for her than a handsome Coat, Suit or Beautiful Dress.Big Millinery SpecialRegular Values up to $12.50. $4.98Beautiful creations in newest andmost stylish models rare bargains at theabove special price while they last.Waists for ChristmasRegular $7.50 Values$4.98Attractive creations in GeorgetteCrepes and Crepe de Chine. The mostwinsome models of the season. Big bargains at the above special price.Everything advertised in this space for our Paris Store can be obtained at ourLexington Store, 224-228 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.HARRY SIMONmnmrarcMBHMiiiMflPARISIAN GETS SOUTH AMERICAN CONSULAR POSITION.Mrs. Evelyn Buck, of Paris, has leceived advices from Washington tothe effect that her son, Mr. LucienBuck, who has been located in SouthAmerica for nearly two years, hasbeen appointed United States Consulat Parana, Brazil. Mr. Buck is agraduate of the University of Kentucky in-the civil engineering classesand has been engaged for severalyears in construction work for largeconcerns in America and in foreigncountries. He is an accomplishedlinguist, in his long residence abroadhaving acquired several languages,especially the Portuguese, which ismostly spoken by the natives of Brazil. Quite recently Mr. Buck liasbeen superintendent the erectionand management of large paper millsin Brazil, extensively engaged in themanufacture and exportation ofwrapping paper.la is ?BJUST RECEIVED.Received 10 or 15 cars best RedA'sh Coal at Dodson's yards. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf) ,INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,ate We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Administratrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Frank P. Bedford, are herebyrequested to presentthem, properly proven, as required bylawr at the office of ,Taibott & Wiltley, attorneys, in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank and" Trust Co. building, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of Frank P. Bedford are requested to call at the sameplace, and settle1 same. u aMRS. ALLTE B. BEDFORD -Administratrix jit Prank; P. Bedfof d.-JV v iMusicWithoutTour HomeOur PHONOGRAPHS not only play all DiscRecords, but they are artistic and of the highest quality, and the prices are most reasonable. tBuy YourPhonographForChristmasNOWWe deliver when you1 wish.HearOur RecordsThey have a message for you.BY THEBEST ARTISTSCome in now. Don't wait till the last minute.We are waiting for you now. You can play all orpart, as'you please.THEJ.THINTftNCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGIEITtlERRMONE"; 36SIXTH ANDMAJINSTSVJkiv jIiIXIXIiI'AIIiI'AIXIXI,xIXIXIXIXIXIKIXIXII.3?? AGE HITHE jTRBOK fllEWB, PAHS, KEItTUOXyTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2t, Itlf..x-lN..xMt- VN..No sufferer from catarrhof the stomach can readMrs. Van Buren's letterwithout a feeling of thankfulness. 'Thave spent a great deal ofmoney with doctors for catarrkof the stomack and at times .havebeen compelled to give up myhousework for, days. For yearsI did not kiiw wkat a iTe!l,dyvaa and carinot help but feelthat I would et fee alive to-dayhad I not been induced to tryPeruna. Six bottles of Peruaaxaade me a well woman."cJLHEBICA2T LIBRARY ASSOCIATION WANTS BOOKS.The Ajmerican Library Associationis collecting books for soldiers andBailors. Two million more books areneeded at the present time to stock-the libraries and recreation buildings'in this country and France. By supplying theflction, the public enables"the American Library Association to'"buy technical books which are sonecessary, not only for the soldiersvho are going over, but for the disabled and.please God, victorious soldiers who are coming back! AliceHegan Rice, in "Wanted Books forthe Soldiers!" in the December RedCross MagazineSLEEP AND REST.' One of the most common causes ofinsomnia and restlessness is Indigestion. Take one of Chamberlain'sTablets immediately after supper andsee if you do not rest better and sleep"better. They only cost a quarter.(adv-nov)S "SiJOUGHT TO' BE SAPE FROM THEINFLUENZA.The Mt. Sterling Gazette tellsfthusly of a Plum Lick man's safeguards against influenza and THElTEWS is of the opinion the man-onght to be "safe on first:" '"Lane Clark, in order to ward cff-"the 'flu' carries a sack of sulphur,-camphor and asafoetida around his:neck, two big onions in each frontpocket, two buckeyes in each hippocket and a package of sheep dip in"the bottom of his shoes. Lane don'thave any fear of being caught in acrowd." ' , .1What has become of the old-fashionedprivate who had a pair of leather 'puttees he always wTore when hewas home on a visit?Do YourChrismasShoppingNowOur stock is complete and readyfor immediate inspection. Watchour display.Twin Bros.Department StoreHI Main and 7th Paris, Ky.-3-fcEC.-;:. Wl&BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERY' FruitsFresh Vegetables, MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHttrry Ct).Phone 3760PERUNAMade Me a.Well WomanFor YearsDid NotKnow aWell Dayairt.MattIe A. VaaBurea. 17Hisrhland St., Grand Rapids,MicH-'Past Commander ValleyCity JSttve, L. O. T. M.Liquid or Tablet FoiSold EverywhereITALY AND THE WAR.The fall of Austria what a triumph! From the point of view ofItaly's victory the story is all themore miraculous. The congratulations showered upo-n Count V. Macchi di Cellere, Italy's democratic ambassador, were many and real. TheItalian Embassy has become the center of about the livliest interest inWashington, and there are no indications that there were times in thepast when Italy's contribution's to theallied cause were no accorded asgreat appreciation as now. Now thatthe arms of our gallant Southernally have been crowned with victory,and her great General Diaz has received the surrender of the Austrianforces, we are paying a deserved ifsomewhat belated tribute to the sacrifices, courage and withal, magnificent prowess in the arts of war.Though prosperous when the warbroke out Italy had the smallest population and the most limited resources. Her manufactures were expanding. Her army was not wellequipped. The country was short ofpnineral resources, especially coal andiron. Despite these limitations Italyhas occupied a place of first importance in the struggle from the veryoutset. Even before she entered thewar her declaration .of neutrality permitted the withdrawal of Frenchtroops from the Italian border, and 'thus contributed to the strength ofthe French, and helped to make possible the first battle of the Marne.Italy's Sacrifices.Italy has called to the colors notless than 5,500,000 men, and has suf-jfered the loss of almost 1,500,000 ofthem. Of that loss nearly 350,000died in battle, and 100,000 from disease. Over 550,000 are totally incapacitated, either by blindness, lossof limb or tuberculosis. At the present mojment the strength of the Italian army is 4,025,000, including theclass of men born in 1900, who havebeen called to the colors recently. Itmay be said, then, that the nation'sman-power has suffered a permanentloss of nearly a million. Serious as isthis loss, Italy has inflicted an evengreater punishment upon the foe. InAustrian prisoners alone she hastaken 174,385, of whom 4,489 areofficers. The Austrian loss in killedand wounded is, of course, unknownto us; but even the most consevrative estimates make it far greaterthan ours. In the last offensive onthe Piave alone over 200,000 Austrian dead were left an the field. Itis a piece of well-pnerited good fortune that Italy has been able tostrike one of the most spectacular decisive blows of the war. The debacleof the Austrians capped one of theclimaxes of the war. The surrenderof the Austrians capped one of theclimaxes of the war. Thes urrenderof the Austrians to General Diaz onthe battlefield carried with it an evengreater suggestion of a complete defeat than the request of the otherHun allies' for an armistice. Evengoing back further than this, we arereminded by a military reviewer thatfthe retreat of the Germans on thewestern front really began with theretreat of the Austrians behind thePiave before the bayonets of the intrepid Italians.Overcome Serious Difficulties.Let us not forget that out of 36,000,000 inhabitants of Italy at thebeginning of the war only 17,000,000were males, of whom only 9,000,000were adults economically productive.After the army was mobilized only100 adults remained in each town orvillage to provide for some 320 children below the age of fifteen. FrancisH. Sisson, Vice President of the Guaranty Trust Company, of New York,points out that the pre-eminence ofItaly in the production of certain articles of commerce made her the chiefsource of supply for similar productsof a war-like nature. The Italianautomobile, aeroplane, turbine andheavy oil engine became prominentfactors in supplying the allied armies with these war necessities atcritical periods. In an adjmirable editorial the New York Evening Sunputs the situation: "So. England,we are proud to think America'have aided Italy in her gigantic effort. But each of the Allies has afield especially its own. And theblood-stained plains of the Venetianprovince and the snowy peaks of-theTrention are the especial theatre ofItaly's valor and of Italy's renown.All the Ally world, all Christendom,pays tribute to King Victor Emmanuel, to General Diaz, to the Italianpeople, and prays that their sufferings and their success may have centuries of fruition in the prosperity,peace and progress of their completely reunified country." And thisadequately expresses the opinion ofWashington, official and unofficial.WHAT - TEOmLLH' -RELIEF-KDOING.."Fifty miles' from a 'wire station,five miles from a telephone," writesShelby D. Watts, Red Cross HomeService field agent, to James L. Ftieser, Lake Division Director of CivilianRelief. ,N Mr. Watts, besides carrying, visiting and organizingJIome Service sections iRed Cross-chapters, is doingHome Service work-in the untfaveledmountains of Kentucky wherever hefinds afflicted families.His last report' to headquarters, besides the usual statistics reads:"There are only some five hundredpeople now sick with the 'flu' in I thisdistrict. About a half dozen familieshave no one to give medicine or carefor them at all every member ofthe family being down. I cared fora family of eight to-ady, all bed-fast.I gave medicine, cooked potatoes,boiled or coddled soft-boiled eggs,washed dishes, cleaned up generally,cut wood, built the fire, nursed thebaby and milked two cows, ridinghojme five miles in the dark overcreeks and mountains. The horsewent some, too."This is a sample of the workneeded to be done, but every manhere .has a job nursing his family orrelatives or neighbors."The Military Relief Department ofthe American Red Cross is to have arepresentative and a staff at each ofthe General Hospitals now beingopened throughout the country forsick and disabled soldiers.In the Lake Division Red Crossterritory these hospitals are to be located at the Cincinnati East HighSchool, at the Deaf and Dumb Institute at Columbus, the Richman Brosmodel factory at Cleveland, the" StateHospital at Lima and at the formerhealth resort hotel at West Baden,Indiana.Edward B. Green, director of theRed Cross Department of MilitaryRelief in the Lake Division, is authority for the statement that theRed Cross will have u staff at eachof the above institutions."These staffs," says Mr. Greene,"will largely parallel, in their makeup and activities, "the staffs that venow have and have had for monthsat all the big military training campsin this country. The size of the staffwill vary, but it is quite likely thatfor a hospital of 1,500 beds we willhave a field derector, an assistantfield director, two or three associatedirectors and one of two stenographers. "Outfield director at each hospitalis to have charge of all activities, ofoutside organizations that wish tovolunteer their services for hospitalwork. It goes without saying, however, that these Red Cross field directors will be responsible to the commanding 'officers of the hospitals andwill neitherplan nor permit activities which do not meet with the complete approval of the commandingofficers. " -"The staff men will attend to suchdetails as communication and visiting, and we will be prepared to furnish emergency supplies upon requisition just as we had the opportunityto do in a big way during the recentepidemic of influenza."Wft isi "paGIRLS! THICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YO&R HAIRAND STOP DANDRUFFTryThis! Your Hair Gets Wavy,Glossy and AbundantAt Once.To be possessed of a head of heavy,beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy,wavy and free from dandruff is merely a matter of using a little Danderine. It Is easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Justget a small bottle of Knowltons,Danderine now for a tew cents all drugstores recommend it apply a littleas directed and within ten minutesthere will be an appearance of abundance, freshness, fluffiness and an incomparable gloss and lustre, and tryas you will you cannot find a traceof dandruff of falling hair; but yourreal surprise will be after about twoweeks' use, when you will see newhair fine and downy at first yesbut really new hair sprouting outall' over your scalp Danderine is,we believe, the only sure hair grower,destroyer of dandruff and cure foritchy scalp and it never fails to stopfalling hair at once.If you want to prove how prettyand soft your hair really is, moistena cloth with a little Danderine andcarefully, draw it through your hairtaking one spnall strand at a' time.Your hair will be soft, glossy andbeautiful in just a few moments adelightful surprise awaits everyonewho tries this. (adv)REDCOSS BEDS FOR REFUGEES.A few months ago one of the biggest problems confronting the BedCross was to find enough beds forXhe refugees in France. -In spite ofmany ingenious schemes thousands ofrefugees were sleeping on hard floors.So the Red Cross went into the bedmaking business. In Bordeaux.- Lv-ons and Toulouse,, situated in theltimber regions and railroad centersfor large areas in which thousands ofi ei usees are living, arrangementswere maae xo manufacture aironce aspecial Red Cross bed which'is strong'the springs, costs only fiye dollarsFrom the "March 'of the Red Cross"in the December Red Cross Magazine. fe touM'Tkfi Kansas farmers seem to , have'thought that the Republicans .wereresponsible for, the bigVrice of wheat.MM"fy-fi1Hiliviusy'jfiimwmGETA.MainmiBOBBIE'S GOOD SUGGESTION.Junior and Bobbie are both four.Junior wears his hair bobbed, whileBobby has" his hair cut hort. Theywere playing ..soldier, and Juniorspent most of his time pushing hishair back out of his eyes. FinallyBobbie said: "Say, don't you knowsojers don't have long hair? Youbetter hike home and tell your mother to have your hair cut like men's."fe Ps toThe clash between Col. Rooseveltand George Creel, being one ofwords, never will come to an end because of the, lack of ammunition oneither side.mBest Canned Soups. per can .? 1 0cScudders Maple Syrupper "half gal $1.24Pancake .Flourper package .1 5cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoes.per pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 12cTork Imperial ADDles 3rjer peck v 65c 1urrimes ijoigen Appies , 3jper.peck 90c :-!uew MmceMeatThis mince meat is sweet- Hened readv for use. 7 Spp isG '. my'tfne of PulreFrult Pre-Jft " .wMRS. ELLIS'tR?MCASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite. Court HouseM"-3E5EEfflmHVDo YourCHRISTMASSHOPPINGEARLYAnd Shop HereYou'll Like It!EARLYCHRISTMASSHOPPERSHave started their buying bygetting useful presents a niceRocker or other pieces of Furniture that will please the family.Get the Habit of GivingSomething Good.Our stock will help youto decide your Christmas Gift, and will helpyou to make the manyhomes happier.A BISSELL SWEEPERX IT WILL DOF. Wheeler &CHAS. GREEN, MANAGERn Third Sts.Opposite Court-HouseBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4' A- r-'1J -&r .SSSSSiKSi"--jjjrpsThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, KentuckywmA MAN AND HIS WIFEH tLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phose ,40"I mIflMS, -?i-JHJtiftQIBCo.Uqj'HHsKRIVWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-KLW ments in laundry appliancesauu expert neipers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.mm v mmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned b us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatvfng, must surely satisfy y1-A phone brings us.rHimVPione 1692mIEiiJx ,,TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918the boumoh irews pAbis, tttarrucrrjagi amAetna-AiitoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesstead;elyjJNEDHog Producers and Packers Confer With Representatives oHKe Food Administration and. Agricultural Department and AdoptNew Plan of Regulation.A.J. FEEAGENTIn accordance with the policy of the Food Administration since its foundation to consult representative men in the agricultural injdnstry-on occasionsof Importance to special branches of the industry, on October 24 there wasconvened In Washington a meeting of the Live Stock Subcommittee of theAgricultural Advisory Board and the special memhers "representing the swineindustry to consider the situation in the hog market.The conference, lasted for three days, and during this; time met with theexecutive committee of thesfifty packing firms participating in foreign ordersy for port products and with -the members of the Food Administration directingforeign pork purchases.TheConclusions of the conference were as follows :HaveYour EyesThoroughly examined -and testedn the first anne&ranci of any trouble.BEWARE, however, of-those slipshod, dabbling and aaiuriafrsystemsof Bo-called, self-styled opticians andspecialistsDON'T BE SATISFIED with a lotof mysterious words and movementsused by .them to impress yon and yourDurse. 'WHAT YOU NEED is a thoroughlysound, honest, straightforWard" optician, supported by the necessary skill,experience, Qualifications and reputation. This I offer, you. Artificiallight used. Examinations made atany time,- day or night.Moderate charges .always,Br. Wm. Riley Franklin'Suite 205-6 First National Banfc,Both Phones. Paris, ly.Down Goes TheHigh Cost ef LivingMargolen's Big Specials ofFresh Home-Killed MeatsFor Friday and Saturday.Per Lb.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets. . . .27c:Country Bacon 35cPork Chops &0Pork Roast 35cRound Steak 35cLoin SteakSpring Lamb, hind quarters. .35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. .30cPure Pork Sausage 35cSmoked Hams, 10 to 12 lbs. . .35cSliced Ham cs Breakfast Bacon . . . .' 5cHog Jowls for Greens 25cMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketbrighter:EVENINGS."sjfefcz MNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or "makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house."UseSiectricitjfor CigbtingIt'athe only satisfactory way-Tlse SasTor matind aticl ooltiiidIt's-the-only-sensible-plan.Let Us Fix You UpTor the Use ofiBothElectricity tnGai.The entire marketing situation hasso changed since the September joint' conference as to necessitate an entirealteration in the plans df' price stabilization. The current peace talk hasj alarmed the holders of corn, and therehas been a price decline of from 25cents to 40 cents per bushel. The factthat the accumulations of low pricedcorn In the Argentine-and South Africa would, upon the advent of peaceand liberated shipping, become available to the European market has created a great deal of apprehension onthe part of corn holders. This declinehas spread fear among swine growersthat a similar reduction 'in the pricesof hogs would naturally follow. Moreover, the lower range of corn pulceswould, if incorporated in a 13-to-l ra-tlo.-obvlouslyresult in a continuouslyfalling price for live hogs. In viewof these changed conditions manyswine producers anticipated lowerprices and as a result rushed theirhogs to market in large numbers, andthis' overshipment had added to andaggravated-the decline.The information of -the Departmentof Agriculture indicates that the supply of hogs has increased about 8 percent, while the highest unofficial estimate does not exceed 15 per cent, lu-creased-production over last year. Onthe other hand, the arrival of hogsduring the last three weeks in theseven great markets has been 27 percent more than last year, during thecorresponding period, demonstratingthe unusually heavy marketing of theavailable supply. la tka faca o theexcessive receipts some packers havenot maintained the price agreed lastmonth. On the other hand, manyof the packers have paid over theprice offered to them in an endeavorto maintain the agreed price. The result in any event has been a failureto maintain tne ucioDer yncc ""determined upon at the September conference and undertaken by the packers. Another factor contributing tothe break in prices during che monthhas been the Influenza " epidemic ; ithas sharply curtailed consumption ofpork products and temporarily decreased the labor staff of the packersabout 25 per centThe exports of 130,000,000 poundsof pork products for October compared with about 52,000,000 poundsIn October a year ago, and theexport orders placeable by the FoodAdministration for November, amountto 170,000,000 pounds' as contrasted with the lesser exports of98,000,000 for November, 1917. TheIncreased demands of the allies arecontinuing, and are in themselvesproof of the necessity tor tne mrseproduction for which the Food Administration ffsked: The increase inport demands appears tor be amplysufficient to take up the increase inhog products but unfayorahle market conditions Existing, in October afford no fair-index of the aggregatesupply and demand.It must be evident that the enor" ln m fRts in the CentralEmpires and neutral countries wouldimmediately upon peace result In addTtlonal demands for pqrk Productswhich, on top of the heavy shipmentsto the Allies, would tend materiallyto increase the American exports inasmuch as no considerable reservoir ofsupplies exists outside of the UnitedStates. It seems probable that thepresent prospective : supplies; jvould beinadequate to meet uu "--; " -withthe return to peace. So far as itIs possible to interpret this fact, it apispossiiv ehmiirt- he even arZerdemand for pork productsafter the war, and therefore any alarmof hog producers as to the effect ofpeace is unwarranted by the outlook.In the light of these circumstancesIt is the conclusion of the conferencethat attempts to hold the price of hogsto the-price of corn may, work out tothe disadvantage of pork- producers.It is the.co'2dttsJoftbat,any totpre.. tation. of the .formula snpuiuv uCbroad gauged policy applied over alone period. It isrthe opinion of theconferce that "in "substitution of the.con!?;L ank or Stabilization the-(Live Stock Subcom.mle of, the. Agricultural Advisory Board, together with' Especially invited swine repWnta5vU should accept the invitation of.-thocd Administration to join, withSe Administration and the packers Indetermining the prices at, which lconS53heUt orders are o be placed.ThVwiU be regularly dope. The Ufaienctof these orders-be directed7 ,tonnPA of the common ob-tO iue uiu.- z- - ,., - .. njece-nhmerthe.siaDinzauoH u. j-producer arid-the insurance of an adequate future supply.These foreien orders are nlaretlupon the basis .of cost of hogs to thepacKers.As the result of long negotiationsbetween this body and the PackersCommittee, representing the 45 to 50packers participating in foreign orders, together with the Allied buyers,alls Tinder-' the Chairmanship of "theFood Administration, the following undertaking has been given by the packers:How Domestic ConsumersCan Sure Gas11-In view of the undertakings on thepart of the Food Administration withregard to the co-ordinated purchasesof pork products, covered in the attached, it is agreed that the packersparticipating in these orders will undertake not to purchase hogs for lessthan the following agreed minimumsfor the month of November, that is a 1 1daily minimum of $17.50 per hundred Ijjuuuus ou average oi pacxers aroves,excluding throw-outs. "Throw-outs'to be defined &9- pigs under 130pounds, stags, boarsr thin sows andskips. Further that no hogs of anykind shall be bought,- except throwouts, at less than $16.50 per hundredpounds. The average of packers'droves to be construed as the averageof the total sales in the market of airhogs for a given day. All the aboveto be based on Chicago.We agree that a committee shall beappointed by the Food Administrationto check the dally operations in thevarious markets with a view to- supervision and demonstration of the carrying put of the above.The ability of the packers to carryout this arrangement will depend onthere being a normal marketing ofLhOfg based upon the proportionate increase over the receipts of last year.The Increase in production appears tobe a maximum .of about 15 par ceatand we can handle such an increaserIf the producers of hogs should, asthey have in the past few weeks, prematurely market hogs In such increasing numbers over the above it is entirely beyond the ability of the packers to maintain- these minimums, andtherefore we must have the co-operationof the producer himself to maintain these results. It Is a physicalimpossibility for the capacity of thepacking houses to handle a similarover-flood of hogs and to find a marketfor the output. The packers are anxious to co-operate with the producerin maintaining a stabilization of priceand to see that producers receive 'afair price for their products.(Signed) THOS. B. WILSON,Chairman Packers' Committee.The plan embodied above was adopted by the conference.The Food Administrator has appointed a committee, comprlslngrMr. Thomas E. Wilson, chairman of the Packers' Committee; Mr. Everett urown,president of the Chicago Livestock Exchange ; Major Roy of the Rood Administration, Mr. Louis D. Hall of theBureau of Markets, to undertake theoiirorviBinn of the execution of theplan In the varioutfinarkets. Commission men are aslsed to co-operate incarrying.-out the plan embodied In thepackers' agreement It musfTje evident that offers by commission men 10sell hogs below the minimum established above Is not fair, either to theproducer or the participating packers.Mr. Brown has undertaken on behalfof the commission men in the UnitedStates that they will loyally supportthe plan.It Is believed by the conference thatthis new plan, based as it is upon apositive minimum basis, will bring better results to the producer than average prices for the month. It does notlimit top prices and" should narrowthe margins necessary to country buypr "in more variable hiarkets. It isbelieved that the plan should work outclose to $18 average.Swine producers., of the country willcontribute to their own3 interest t bynot flooding the market, for "it must beevident that" If an excessive over-per-fcenfageof'hogSrls marketed, in, anyone monthpricestabiHzatiqn andfcontrol cannoL succeed, a'nd it' is'eertainthat producers them'selves can"cdntribtft materially tb ttfei.effoptBt of- theconferences if they,wm dpitbejmark-DQNT burn lamps in daytime. .DON'T keep hot water tank flame higher than necessary.DON'T turn gas on for cooking until you have vesselready for use; turn off immediately when cookingis completed.. iDON'T use gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortflames, if properly directed, consume less gas forthe same cooking operation.DONT turn the gas. high after cooking boils. Afterboiling begins,, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption. r ,DONT keep rooms at over 68 degrees; lower temperatureby turning down gas, not by opening doors andwindows.DON'T burn gas in a furnace without automatic thermostat control. Such an automatic device preventsoverheating and waste of gas.DOO'T. burn gas in an ordinary coal furnace. It requires' much more gas for the same heat than with aspecially built furnace.UNITED STATES FUEL ADMINISTRATIONParis Gas & Electric Company-a waUdaeorpmtat)Vetlng in as normal a way as possible.The .whole s.ituatlpn.asexlstlng iI lect nani;ij-v"j - .P4r - VMrYYlC frt A irlce of live hogs so as to secure as farralba$aLteCmCC p e fair returns to theLivestock Subcommittee of the. Agricultural AdyWdry Board, togetherwith rnr1n1 nwine members and therTtpreseiitatlves of the packers, to in-prove tkm present unsatisiactory iltuation, which h&s trafortunately, resulted because of the injection of uncontrollable factors.We ask the producer to co-operatewith us In a most difficult task.The members' of the Conferencewere :Producers H. C. Stuart, Elk Garden, Va., Chairman Agricultural Advisory Board; W. M. McFadden, Chicago, HI.: A. Svkes. Ida Grove, la.;John M. Evvard, Ames, la. ; J. He Mer-cer, Live Stock Commission xor ivansas; J. G. Brown, Mon'on, Ind.; E. C.Brown, President Chicago LivestockExchange,; N. H. Geatcy, Sedajila, Mo. ;John Grattan, Brbomfleld, Colo.; Eugene Funk, Blopmlngton, HI.; .IsaacLincoln, Aberdeen, S. D.; O. W. Hunt,Logan, la. I 6: Er Xancey; W. K.Dodson. yFood Administration Herbert Hok"ver, F. S: "Snydwv Major-B: L. Roy, G.H. Powell.Department ot Agriculture LoulD. Hall, F. B. Marshall.The packers ' present and otherssharing In "foreign orders were represented by the elected packers.' committee. Those represented were:Packers Armour & Co., 'Chicago,III. ; Cudahy Packing Co., Chicago, 111. ;Morris & Co., Chicago, HI.; Swift &Co., Chicago, HI.; Wilson & Co.,ChIcago, HI. ; John Agar Co., Chicago, HI. ;.Armstrong Packing Co., Dallas, TexT;Boyd Dunham & Co., Chicago, HI.;Brennan Picking Co., Chicago, HI.;0. ; Cleveland Provisions Co., Cleve- Ilonl n rnrtaKTr Tlrnc Cn P.Uflnhv VWis. ; J. Dold Packing Co., Buffalo, N.Y.; Dunlevy Packing Co., Pittsburg,Pa, ; J. E. Decker & Sons, Mason City,la.; Evansville .Packing Co., Evans-,ville, Ind. ; East Side Packing Co., EastSt. Louis, HI.; Hammond Standlsh &Co., Detroit, Mich.; G. A. Hormel &"Co., Austin, Minn.; Home Packing &Ice Co., Terre Haute, Ind.; Independent Packing Co., Chicago, HI. ; Indlan-knolis Abattoir Co.. Indianapolis. Ind.;International Provislptf Co., Brooklyn,If.jY. ; Interatate Packing Co., Vlnona,;MInn.; Iowa. Packing Co.i Des Moines,jla.; Powers Beg'g Co., Jacksonville,,Q1.; ingan.&K Co.,' Indianapolis, Ind.;prey Packing Co., St Louis, Mb. ; LakeIBrie Provision Co.,' CleVelandO.; Layton Co.,, Milwaukee, WfaOscar Mayert&t Bro Sedgwicl? anffBeetliovenstreets, Chtcaibj -HI. f X Tf McMillaniC.:. SL Paul, Minn.; Miller & Hart;Chicago, HI. ; j;M6rfe f Ca, Ottum'wa, la, : uckblfs Packing. Co., Pueblo,;C6Ib: O'eden PacklftC and : Provision-Cb., Ogden; Utah ; "Ohio-Provisron Co.,f CieveTand'O. ; Parker. Webb- .Co., De'froit, Mich. ; Pittsburg Packing- andProvision Co.. Pittsl)urgi Pa; Rath1--,- r- vrrii. T-. . T1 . .jtkciuus ju., vr ULenuu,n u., jnivuci id rpake, Chicago, m. ; 'ohe fciJros., xsew?Yprk City: W. G. Routh &?Co., Logans-Snnrt. In A. : St "Louis Ind. Packine-Co..J$t Louis, Mo.; Sinclair rfc Co,, T. M.TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELAND-xTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inlr.and see Tzvjhatr tnisis doing for others.little wonderatpresent demands afrari'and'elicitKW 9s-kWk 9" w v nnttrAHnna 'Manna.assurance uuiu uic tuuiwccafici;ic-'sented namely, that eers ppjsfibleeffort will be made to maintain a,llyehogprlce cpmmensuratV wlm swineproduction costs and reasonabl'e'selling values in execution of the declared policy of theFood Administrationtot use every, agency In its control tosecure 'justice 'thpthecfarmer.The stabilization 'methods adoptedfnr "Nftvpmher renresent,the. hest efforts of the conference, concurVed'ln Cedar Rapidst la. ;-Sullivn & Co.,.Deby the Food Administration and the troit, Micfi., and several t others.We Can Demonstrateit to YouAny DayC; S. RAH ftHMfflfmLMMJiMLM jAaaaim4 -J Gor. Fourth and Pfeasant Sit.8M MiThe News Job Department iAJways Buay.Xtik&fti-: U j? -$Vp(.-'(lavammtoi)-'H 4 "- I' V-r I fv... . : 5"t"V-.A1) i"-'f jL? ' ,JAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON BfEWS. fPAJt&L KENTUgKT.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 191m- XX t iV: .?&MffiLTCRSIttTRrc:.. !RELIGIOUS. - f V''1 -a s ' - v Vv-Gv.&tir : - z 1 - - -4KaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCorner lnnrrovesj Dr. Comer lmirroves - .slowly,though his condition is yet critical.; ' Rer. and Mrs. B. K. Kidwell, ofi little Rock, were guests of- theirMike1 Shea, aged about forty-nine,41 former employe of jthe Louisville &Nashville", in, this city, died at hisI lirkTno CafnrHow -nfcrTif rtf nfrfnlrsfRdaughter, Mrs. Chas. McDanieUSatJ ,rfter a long illness? 'He is survivedin-day.f Misses Louise- Keal and Cathert;ine Lpvell, of Paris, were guests ofMrs tFi;H. Thompson from Thursday'until -Saturday, ,There ar.e no. new cases of influ', enfia in 'town, though it is reported" on the authority of some of the physicians that there are several ca&esin tji country.f The local Red.Cross Chapter w illljave an. all-day meeting each Tuesday and Thursday during the winter.The Chapter will meet on Friday ofthis week, as Thursday will be a holiday. The emergency labels havebeen received by the committees.Uela$v-es planning to send Christmasboxes to soldiers overseas are requeoted to call on the committee before November 30.Most of our business people willta&e advantage of the Thanksgivingio'liday by spending the day in hunting. The M. C. and the M. M. I. willnot permit any of the student bodiesto ppend Thanksgiving at their2iomes, A number of family reunions and dining of neraonal friendswill be the order of the day. Most ofthe business houses will close afteri'the early morning. The groceries will.remain open long enough for all per' sons to complete their orders- for theirSHEA.by one daughter, Margaretf and onesister, Miss Johanna Shea.. Thej funeral was held yesterday morningat ten o'clock, with services conducted at the grave" in the Catholic Cemetery "by, 'Rev. Father Eugene deBruyn. The pall-bearers were JamesBurke, Pat Burke, John O'Rourke,Mike O'Connell, Thos. Maher and Jas.Mahoney. - -WJXSON.Capt. J. M. Wilson, aged eighty,father of J. T. Wilson, editor of theCynthiana Log Cabin, died at hishome in Falmouth, Friday nght, after an illness of only a few hours ofparalysis. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary in 1916. He was postmasterat Faljmouth for nearly fifty years.He was one of the old Confederateveterans and was a Captain duringthe Civil War. Besides his widow,he is survived by five children, J. T.Wilson, of Cynthiana; Ralph R. Wilson, of Frankfort ;v Dr. J. M. Wilsonand Misses Ella and Mary Wilson, ofFalmouth.Thanksgiving dinners.ir. j. v. Ingels and fajmily arrived from Eminence, Saturday, andat present are with Mr. and Mrs. G.W. Judy. They will occupy their newiome in a few days, recently purchased from estate of the late Miss3ottyF. Vimont, and vacated by Mr.Ash by Leer and family. Mr. Ingels'apA family moved from here to Eminence several years ago, Mr. Ingelsfaring purchased a farm at that5lape. , Prior to that time he operated3j livrV .stable in what is nowthe property of Mr. W. D. Mclntyre,and operated by E. D. Baldwin. Mr.Ingels conducted this stable for aHumbler of years. Some months ago1 rxld his farm near Eminence at af" W price and decided to return toIi'i.old home. He will not enter busir'.jjs life at present, as he has not yetdecided what he wants to do. WeTFelQpme bim and his good familybade to Millersburg, and every one isgiving them the glad hand.TAYLOR.KENTUCKY DISTILLERIES SOLD'Nineteen distilleries, with attached ' "warehouses, and many widelyKdowh' branches and trademarks,properties of the Kentucky Distilleries '-Warehouse Company,- valued upirards of $5,000,000 sold at publicauction for $205,000.The property was bid 4n by D. K.We6kopf, reperesenting the RepublicDistributing Company, of Cincinnati.This represents the company's entire holdings in this State, it is sa;d,except two alcohol distilleries, one ofwhich , is' small.Among the plants thus sold worethoce'of Julius Kessler & Co., theParis Distilling Co. at Paris, theHunter -plant at Lair, Ky., and theKeller Distillery, near Cynthiana.The funeral of Mr. Duncan Taylor, aged thirty-eight, who died atLake Saranac, New York, abouttwelve o'clock Thursday night, washeld Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clockwith services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.The pall-bearers were Duncan Bell,James Chambers, George Stuart,Robert L. Frank, Steele Marsh andWm. R. Blakemore.Mr. Taylor was a son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. Taylor, both o whom preceded him to the grave some yearsago. He was ,a brother of Mr. William Taylor -si Mr. Louis Taylor,both of Paris. Mr. Taylor was formany years a' shoe salesman in Paris,where he was hisrhlv regarded, hisgenial disposition making for him ahost of friends. After leaving Parishe located in Oklahoma City, Okla.,where he was in business until declining health forced him to retire.He came to Paris a few months agoto recuperate, but his health continn-Jing to grow worse, he went to LakeSaranac, New York, where "it washoped he would be benefitted by thechange of climate. But the dreaddisease that fastened upon his system could not be overcome, and theend came Thursday night, beinghastened by an attack of influenza.His brothers, Wm. and Louis Tayior,were summoned Wednesday by telegram, but arrived at Lake Saranacseveral hours after his death.Mr. Taylor was twice married,both wives preceding him to thegrave several years ago. He is survived by one daughter, Miss Winifred Taylor, who resides with hergrandparents, at Fort Scott, Kansas;two brothers, William and LouisTaylor, of Paris. He was a nephewof Mrs. George R. Bell and Mrs. Jas.K. Ford, of Paris, and Capt. Ed. Taylor, of Lexington.e1INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewals&At Farmers & Traders BankpNiiiiiiiHiiiimmiiinHiii hihhhihi1 The 1 T. Hinton GhUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis. Ky..MatinT- ipnd SixthT StreetsAmbulance calls promptly attended to withI UMtausint Invalid Coach.Hearse, used f er funeral purposes only. ,Day phone 36Nlsrht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.ouraaajBaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaj.BBBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiM.BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaVaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar?mimimiin h,"TTHIIllllnnniMSThe Pastor's Aid Society of thejfaris .rresoyierian cnurcn-.wui- sewat the Red.Cross rooms to-day. , Afull attendance of all the memhers isrequested. ;v The children of - the Chrfstianchurch 'who have agreed to contribute toward a fund for the adoptionof a French war orphan, .throughMrs. George W. Clay and Mrsv S. E.McClanahan, are asked to bring theiroffering to one of these ladies withinthis week. The amount required forthe support is $36.50, and it is necessary to have this sum in hand;byDecember 1.Hi ftl 3IN MEMORIAL,One of nature's noble women,Dorothy Lee Paynter, passed to thebourne fropn which no traveler leturneth, on Tuesday, Nov. 19, in Cincinnati, Ohio.I have known this sweet girl fromchildhood and have watched hergrow'th into glorious young wopianhood, and I can truthfully say thatI have never known a truer, lovliercharacter. X have never known herto say an unkind word or to commitan unkind ded. She was truly athorough Christian in every way.About four years ago she chose asher calling the noble profession ofnursing, and in that length of timehas soothed and administered to manysick and suffering, and borne comfort to many sorrowful hearts. Shewas always ready with a kind wordand cheerful smile to help the wayfarers along the weary pathway oflife, always ready to bEr another'stroubles, and to make The burdenlighter. God saw fit to take her fromus in the very flower of her youth,but how thankful we are that Hesaved her all suffering and lulled herto sleep like a little, tired child in itsmother's arms.My heart goes .out to the stricken(mother and family, for she was tEeyoungest born and the idol of ,thewhole household, and her absencemakes a void that can never be filled,not only in the family circle, butamong her dear friends as well. Thisist he second bereavement in thepast three weeks, the father havingpassed away on November 3. Buthow comforting it is to knew thatere this they have had a happy reunion above. Still another consolingthought is that when life's fitful feveris over and that when God opens thegates of Heaven to us, we know thatour aear Dorothy will be standingwith the rest of our loved ones thathave gone before, and be ready -togreet us with, her bright, sweet smilewhen we enter the home of our rather above.T5s fe T5i ,STANBABJ) HOGSHEAD FORBACC0 SUGGESTED.TQ-In order to permit full utilizationof equipment in. the shipment of tobacco from Kentucky and other producing States, a plan for the adoption of a so-called "standard hogshead," which, will llow double tipring in freight cars used for this purpose, is being worked out by Director "General McAdoo in conjunctionwith the War Industries Board, according to the announcement madein Washington.Under the proposed arrangement,instead of requiring 50,000 cars toimove 1,500,000 pounds of tobacco,probably the same amount can ibetransported in 32,000 cars by use ofthe "standard containers."Under the present system tobaccoto be used in the manufacture of cigarettes, chewing and smoking tobacco moves in hogsheads 48 by 52inches, 48 by 56 .inches or 48 by 60inches, which, does not permit of fullutilization of equipment. An effortis now being made to have adopted astandard hogshead of 46 by 4 inches.l to W3UNCLE SAM'S POLICE FORCEKeeping order in Europe, now thatthe war is ended, is going to be thebiggest police job this old world hasever known. 'B'ut it will have to be done.For there are about 10,000,000fellows scattered. about the continentright now who have acquired thefighting habit these last five years.They 'were getting tired of the biggame before it ended, but thisdoesn't mean that they would hesitate to mix it up over their own little differenced.Take the Balkans for instance.They have been a hotbed of disturbance for years. The ijmmediate pretext for this war developed there.And their old-time animosities andjealousies have not been wiped outby their recent experiences. Theyare liable to flare out again at anymoment.Then tjiere is the big question ofRussia. - There are millions of former serfs still drunk with the wineof newfound freedom. They have pillaged and plundered and "killed without restraint for months. The wholenation is still seething. And ordermust be restored there before a'nypermanent and rational governmentcan be established. 4And just what Turkey will haveto offer to the complication of affairsin general is yet to be developed-There are sojme pretty long beatsto be patrolled in this police job.It's a long, long way from Vladivostock to Petrograd; from Petrogradto Bagdad, and from the Holy Landto that near neighbor to hell, Berlin.-It looks like a big lot of -.UncleSam's soldier boys might be kept, inEurope for many months to come.And they will have to be maintainedadequately.-Inevitably it means another Liberty Loan at least. It may ..mean two," In any event . it jmeansv that wemust get 'ready, to 'bliymorehoaiirI ,m. -a ' Hw-m I " .Jo r- -1-rV 1CU J1C git of all IWhat -else can give you the world's . 1 l Vv cQ.faaWVMlaawMI. best, music and entertainment;-with all I yi)j SSUKUm 'their satisfying pleasure? ' VuSKmSWhat else can 'be shared by every , 31SwkiJtKfwaS9K 'member of the family and by "all your ''dmrim JStWSB$ IfBwffriends varied to suit their individual l vgBS ffam WyzmBJkMtastes? StnKmmiWhat else can render so continuous a j HaVbJtwiflBrwCflRservice and be so genuinely useful for so j JEg PHHoBHlong a time? BHBHaESRuMThe Victrola is truly the unselfish jff )l9lBBQragift! iji J11(bBHHHMDon't let this Christmas go by with- 1 MiflaB IBaaWfaaaTOaMr9aiaaaaMrkllf Q 'H"i-rrkl' Pntna oi-4 tnoLa irMir 1 111 ill HSBaiilaaBM lBaBselection today! We make convenient IjITl I m If ill I liiul III f I il If y BBaaaaaaaaaaataBaaHaflBaaaaBflLaaaamterms of payment. W J ffl 11H' ft ' " ' nr'""BBi HgyyO aaaaBav k it wyi nil i Ih ffirniittHUMiiiiaaBaaBaaaaaaBaffB. DAUGHERTY BROS. mw HFTH AND MAIN STREZTS laHlrSECONOMYHOE NEWSAgain the vast possibilities of this great value-givingorganization are demonstrated.STYLISH AND DEPENDABLEShoes and Rubbers for every member of the family at pricesthat should crowd our store every day this week.The Following are But a Few ItemsOf the Many Extraordinary BagainsOffered Shoppers For This WeekThe most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atAt Bargain Prices!hv" Is l(BBB5ass5-s mug-vvcrSpecials For This WeekMen's Tan High Cut Shoes$5.00 values at...;V...VitO Ai Men's' Cloth Arcticsyo.u$2.25 values at.$1.69Ladies' Mahogany Tan.- EnglishBoots, calf tops, at.. -Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, at. :'Ladies' Dark Grey -Boots, Turns,custom made, atLadies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, Jow heel, at.Ladiesr Gun Metal, button,low heel, at$5.00$3.95$5.95$3.49$2.49Men's Dark Tan English WalkOver at .Men's Tan Efnglish, Best Makes,at...Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over,English :Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wearing Shoes, heavy flexible soles"Boys' Tan 'Home Guard Shoesat. ,$5.00$4.50$3.49$4.00$3.49DANParis' Greatest Shoe Store?8jCOHENy. ut it, ujsauij auu iluuuiujIvcisu tiz)i;;V'Ax9f ,-$r