.w5&4 j$ftaJsL::4- -r,THE3NEWS4&RyPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR."- "N".V" i jrVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1918BOURBON-flEWS OF BISHOP BATTERTON'SDEATH BEACHES PABIS.It lias fallen to the lot of Mr..Bishop S. Batterton, one of the mostpopular young men of Bourbon, county, to be the first from this county, tomake the supreme sacrifice for hiscountry as a result of wounds received in the service on the battlefields of France.A telegram to "his father, Mr. Alfred Batterton, of near Shawhan,yesterday morning from Washington,conveying the sad information thathis son had died on July 20 from-wounds received in action. The telgram from George Barfet, MajorGeneral Comjmana,nt, stated that thebody would be entered abroad untilafter the war. The Commandantsaid in his telegram: "Please acceptmy heartfelt sympathy for your greatloss. Your son nobly gave his life inthe service of his country."Bishop Batterton was the son ofMr. and Mrs. B. A. Batterton, of near'Shawhan. He enlisted in the MarineCorps in May, 1917, and was one ofthe first American boys to be sentoverseas. He was a marksman of rareability and was the holder of a sharpshooters' medal which he won in acompetitive match while at the ParisIsland navy yard, in South Carolina.Besides his parents he is survivedby three brothers, County JudgeGeorge Batterton, of this city, FredBatterton, now serving his countryin the Philippines service, and RoyBatterton, who, is engage"d in farmingnear Paris, and by one sister, Mrs.R, R. McMillan, of Paris. Plans arebeing formed for a public memorialservice in honor of the young manwho gave his all in the fight for liberty and democracy.1ft P8t feTEACHERS' INSTITUTEThe Bourbon County Teachers' Institute has been in session in theCounty Court room at the court housethis week. The sessions of the Institute were presided over by Prof. J.C. Lewis, of Kentucky Wesleyan College, at Winchester, who was instructor in the advanced work, andMiss Mattie -O'Neill, of Catlettsburg,in the primary.Other speakers who addressed theInstitute during the sessions wereProf. L. S. Robbins, of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, Mr. LeonMcGilton, State Manager of the Burton Book Company, and Prof. Thos.S. Roberts, of Cornell University.Prof. Roberts has lately returnedfrom a tour of the battlefields ofEurope, and brought a message direct frcjm the White House.County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood, with the assistanceof Prof. L. S. Robbins, will endeavorto organize an Agricultural Club inall the schools of the county. TheClub organized in the North Middletown school was a great success, thisbeing the determining factor in theorganization of the other schools.ES fe 120 "PALL OPENING." BUTBEAUTIFUL MILLINERY DISPLAY EVERY BAY.Wet will not have a "MillineryOpening" this fall, but will have ondisplay at all times the most popularadvanced styles in millinery of everydescription. The prices this year areextremely reasonable in view of theadvanced prices in all materials usedto make them. 'You are invited tocalL(-2t) MRS.- CORNE W. BAIRD.IKS 1 feKENTUCKY CONFERENCE IN SESSION AT CYNTHIANA.The Kentucky Conference of theMethodist Episcopal church, South,opened its ninety-eighth session Wednesday morning- at 9 o'clock at theMethodist church, in Cynthiana, withBishop Collins Denny, of Richpmond,Va., presiding. Bishop Denny ledthe Conference in the morning worship, after which a business sessionbegan. The Hev. W. E. Arnold, theRev. J. E. Savage and B. C. Hortonwere appointed Secretaries, and theRev. F. K. StrilVft. nress rannrterTae Kentucky Conference includesthe Bluegrass region and Central IKentucky, and most of the EasternKentucky to the Virginia line with amembership of 33,000. There areseven Presiding Elders' districts, 134pastoral charges and many appointees to college, missionary and otherlines of Christian work. More than200 delegates are attending the conference, forty of whom are laymen.Cynthiana has entertained this religious body four times previouslysmce its organization in 1821. Former years were: 1850, 1869, 1883and 1903.Yesterday, which was the Centenayfay, was featured by one of tHe mostmteresting events of the Conference.ne subjects discussed were: "Worldfte-construction After the War,"pod's Call to the Church in aworld's Crisis," "The Church'-s Opportunity to Get Out of LittlenessJ-to Bigness." Bishop Denny, Dr" E.Rawlings, Dr. J. J. Stowe, Mrs.W, MacDonnell and Miss BelleBennett are among those who spoke.A stereoptican lecture, showing theneeds of the mission fields was. givenm the evening.AmOIIS' lTltrocsMcr oronfp cnliaiil.ed for to-day win be the vote on'laif-D- .;U4 - .. . ij uguia ior women. Tner conference was entertained at noonjuncheon at the Baptist church byJe women of the Mount Hope Methwust church,, of which- the- Rev.- Alexttedd is pastor.BOURBON COUNTY MAN. INJURED IN AUTO ACCIDENT.Mr. 0. H. Rice, of 1917 SouthMam street, Paris, sustained severebruises about the head, and face, alsoa shaking up Wednesday morningwhen he was thrown from his automobile near Carlisle.Mr. Rice was a member of the automobile funeral cortege en routefrom Paris .to Blizaville, with thebody of young William Mallory, whowas drowned near Paris, Sunday.The machine in which Mr. Rice andseveral friends were riding struck asoft place in the pike at a curve inthe road between Carlisle and Millersburg and skidded into a wirefence. Mr. Rice was the only one injured. His wounds were dressed atCarlisle by a physician, and he wasenabled to proceed to Elizaville toattend the funeral.Mr. Rice said he had his machineunder ood control, but that in (making the turn an a down grade at thecurve he applied the emergencybrake too quickly, causing the machine to skid across the road.tSi pa feMcCOMBS OIL COMPANY DOINGEXTENSIVE DEVELOPING.(The Oil-World.)"The McCombs Oil Company hasjust purchased a refinery in Illinois,which will be moved and erected inLee county, Kentucky. This company is making good headway in developing its producing leases andwill go on a two per cent, monthlydividend basis September 15, atwhich time its treasury stock will beraised to $2.00 per share from itspresent price of $1.50. There hasbeen good demand for this stock during the past week. The aggressiveness of the management of this company leads us to believe that thisstock can be purchased at presentprices with reasonable assurance ofprofitable advance in the marketprice in the near future."Since the sale of the interest heldby the Local Oil & Gas Company,operating on the Moss St. John inLee county, this stock is not as strongas previously, but in our judgment,its intrinsic value is perhaps betterthan it was, and we believe that thepresent price of $1.40 asked makesit a good buy."The Old Dominion, in view of itspurchase of several very high classproperties on the Big Sinking district during the past few days, placesits stock on a very much strongerbasis and indicates intelligent andaggressive management upon theDart of its officials. This stock recently advanced! to $l'2$:0'0 jer share,bid."te 1 toELKH0RN BAPTIST ASSOCIATIONIN SESSION HERE.The one hundred and thirty-thirdannual meeting of the Elkhorn Baptist Association convened at the Baptist church in this city Wednesdaymorning. The assemblage was calledto order by Moderator J. R. Howard,of Lexington. The annual sermonwas preached by Rev. J. W. Walker,pastor of the Felix Memorial Baptistchurch, of Lexington. .Dr. M. P. Hunt made a strong appeal for the raising of the sum of$250,000 for the benefit of the Louisville Baptist Hospital. Prof. JohnL. Hill, of Georgetown, read the report of the institution and openedthe discussion of educational matters.Moderator Howard, who had servedin that capacity for twenty-one consecutive years, declined a re-election.The following officers were elected:Moderator, Dean John L. Hill, ofGeorgetown College; Assistant Moderator, John W. Stout, of Woodfordcounty Secretary and Treasurer,Frank L. Smith.' The women of the Association wereentertained at dinner in the Y. M. C.A. dining room by the ladies of theParis church. A social meeting ofthe women was one of the after-featuresof the meeting.'Rav. Frank W. Eberhardt. a former pastor of the Paris church, whopreached the annual sermon at tnemeeting of the Association in misritv twentv-four years ago, bysnecial request, delivered the samesermon at this meeting. Rev. D. M.Austin preached the doctrinal sermon at 11:45 yesterday morning.Ahont two hundred delegates andtriTPtste were nresent during the sessions of the Association, which wereheld in the Main auditorium of thechurch. The delegates and guestswere cared for at home of membersof the congregation.3 )s isNOTICE TO PUPILS. .All pupils of the first six gradesin the Paris Public School are reniioctpfl tn rennrt at the school build-ivx at 8:30 a. m., September 9. Pupils of the Seventh and Eighth gradeswill report at the same place on Sept.10, at 8:30 a. m., while the, HighSchool pupils will report at "8; 30 a.m. on September 11. All .pupils areasked to bring with them their, lastyear's books and material.LEE KIRKPATRICK,Superintendent.BOURBON FISCAL COURT ADJOURNS TO SATURDAY. ,The September term of the Bourbon Fiscal Court convened yesterdavmorning:, but no business was transacted. The Court, on motion of onfnf its members, adjourned until tomorrow, out of respect to the presiding officer, County Judge Georce Batterton. Judge Batterton had justreceived a message telling of. thedeath of his brother, BishopBatterton, in an army nospltal overseas.At 'the. session to-morrow he, adjourned business will be disposed of.BOURBON SENDS EIGHT MOREMEN TO CAMP.Eight young men from Bourboncounty, selected by the local DraftBoard, under the selective draft actleft Paris yesterday morning, forCamp Zachary Taylor, where theywill be inducted into the service ofthe United States in the army atthat cantonment.The young men met at the courthouse Wednesday afternoon at fiveo'clock and were given their final instructions. They were then placed incharge of one of their number asCaptain. The men were entertainedat supper at the Crosdale Hotel following the meeting at the courthouse.They reassembled in front of thecourt house yesterday morning atseven o'clock, where they formed inline of march and headed by the Liberty Drum Corps and accompaniedby members of the Bourbon CountyDraft Board and citizens, they marched to the Tenth street passenger station of the L. & N., where they entrained at 7:45 o'clock for the tripto Camp Taylor.Before their departure the menwere presented with cigars, cigarettes, tobacco, etc., by the committeein charge of the Soldiers' TobaccoFund.The eight young men who leftyesterday for the trip to Camp Taylor are as follows:Miller W. Kiser.Jos. Thurman Robbins.Wm. Martin Hudnall.Wilburn Crump.Edgar King Lovell.Charles Frank White.James Henry Wells.James I. Farrow.fe te saNOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERSIn order to fully comply with therecent order of the War IndustriesBoard, it will be necessary for everysubscription to THE NEWS to bepaid in advance. We are mailing thisweek statements to all our subscribers, which we hope will meet with aready response, so that we may getour list cleaned of "dead tijmber,"and get it down to a practical working basis, as required by the order.The names of many delinquentsand all free copies have been dropped, from the list, which has .thisweek been undergoing an overhauling. We do not like to drop anyone,but the order issued, by the War Industries Board is an imperative one,and admits of no-'sidetracking what?ever, It simply must-be obeyed.-rr... rt . -With the increased cost of everything entering into the making 'of anewspaper, and the uncertainty ofgetting supplies for that purpose, itbecomes' necessary for the papers tdreduce bookkeeniner on their subscription lists to a cash-in-hanfl sys-''.em. we xiope our patrons win appreciate the situation and help us toobey both the letter and the spirit ofthe War Industries Board order.WE KNOW MOWTHENEWFALL HATSArc Now ReadyExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSAll the new shadesAPAn KstfflA nfAAH navlj.- , uuvuv gtvwu, fvai)V . i-. . i . tdcratcn rinisn nats ana veiours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock.PRICES$5 toThe Stetson Feature Hat at $6.00, a very stylishhat that you will find very becoming to v the averagemanMITCHELL & BLAKEMORESole Agents ForNettieton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesRED CROSS TEA ROOM HAS AUSPICI0US OPENING., . , ! IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRihe Red Cross Tea Room in the COUNTRYWilson building, at Third and Mainwas opened to the public Wednesday AAAAAAAAAA-AAAmorning. A dainty menu marked wthe opening day. The patronage was Jsatisfactory from a financial point Privates David Elam and Harryof view, and there was a satisfied Farnowe, of Camp Buell, at Lexingsmile on the faces of those who ton' were recent visitors in Paris, asserved and those who were served.The tea room is in charge ofMiss -Alice Rogers Clay and MissCharlina Ball, who inauguratedthe movement here, and is openeach day from 11:45 a. m. through-!out the day. Misses Clay and Ballare assisted by several young womenwho jmake .every effort to please customers. The table and surroundingsare attractive and enticing and takenas a whole the Red Cross Tea Roomis a really nifty place.fe feREGISTRATION NOTICE POR ML- ITARY SERVICE.WE SHALL REGISTER Everymale person who shall have attainedhis eighteenth birthday and shall nothave attained his forty-sixth birthday on or before September 12, 1918,must register on that dav. The onlvpersons excepted are persons in themilitary service of the United Statesand those who have heretofore regis-TIME OF REGISTRATION Between 7 a. m. and 9 p. m., on Thursday, September 12, 1918.PLACE OF REGISTRATION Theplace of registration is the customaryvoting place in the precinct in whicheach such person has his domicile.Your domicile is the place at whichyou permanently reside at the timeor registration.NO EXCUSES TO BE ACCEPTEDNo person required to register isto be excused for any cause. Personswho fail" to register on that day asTequired by the President's proclamation subject themselves to thepenalties prescribed by the Act ofCongress.LOCAL BOARD BOURBON CO., KY.CHAS. A. McMILLAN, Chairman.ri feCALL FOR LIMITED SERVICEMajor Henry Rhodes, Wednesday,notified local, boards in this Stateto select 159 limited service men tobe inducted next Saturday for service with the local, district and med-4pJal advisory boards and headquar-f KfjT-c cirit'h V10 Hruff H etna rf m on f atFrankfort. As there are 131 localboards, 3 district boards and 24 medical boards the call will furnish oneman for each board and one man tobe assigned to the headquarters. Thejjleinduction, will take place in Louis-LEXINGTON, Octoher 3, TheTransylvania, $5,000 stake.Kseal brown, snuff, appleflYrrhi2r1 ntrt mvl tklovLrwAva gtvjo auu uiuvnti1 .11 t1 V$10I;.'uests of friends.Mr. John Harris Clay, who hasbeen in training at a military campin Toronto, Canada, is at home for aweek's visit to his mother, Mrs. C.M. Clay.tA card fropn Corp. John M. Stuart orders his paper changed fromthe Aberdeen Proving Ground inMaryland, to 553 Green street, Havrede Grace, Maryland.Mrs. Robert Hintan and son, ofGeorgetown, left yesterday for Houston, Texas, to spend the winter withher parents. Prof. Hinton and hisbrither, Mr. C. O. Hinton, the latterof Paris, are in France doing Y. M.C. A. war work.Emmett Curtis. Wm. Tavlor andjAlJmut Ashcraft, of Paris, will leavetnis aiternoon ior uamp wneeler,near Macon, Georgia, where they willbe assigned for special service in thearmy. The men were selected bythe Bourbon County Draft Board under a special call for this characterJof service.While in Louisville attending themeeting of the State Medical Society,Drs. George L. Rankin, of Shawhan,and Elmer Swetnam, of Centerville,filed their application for appointments to positions in the MedicalCorps of the United States Army.Two Paris physicians, Drs. J. T.Brown and J. A. Orr, are now in thatbranch of the service.If you have interesting news ofyour soldier boy in France, or in anyof the army cantonments or navaltraining stations in this country,THE NEWS would like to have itfor publication. We find "In TheService" department, u very leasinrone and your contribuiqnta it-wjllbe the means of giving -the news tohundreds of others.A service flag of nineteen starswas dedicated Sunday night at theRuddles Mills Christian church inhonor of the Bible School boys fromthat vicinity who are in. the armyservice. The flag was unfurled bythe pastor, Rev. M. Cummings. Anappropriate program of addresses andexercises followed the dedication.Capt. Clay Judson, a grandson ofthe late Mr. Sidney Clay, Sr., ofBourbon county, is now stationed onspecial duty near Paris, France. Hewas commissioned lieutenant atCamp Sherman, near Chillecothe, O.,in the first Officers' Training School,and just before starting for France,was promoted to Captain. He is agraduate of Harvard University andwas studying law at the outbreak ofthe war.The Ft. Worth Texas, Star-Telegram,of Sept. 1, says: "Mrs. WilliamE. Curtis, of 1636 West Seventhstreet, has just neeb notified that herhusband, Sergeant-Major Wm. E.Curtis, has arrived safely overseas.He is with the 143d Infantry."The telegram prints a goup portrait halftone picture of the officeTsof the 143d, in which Sergeant-MajorCurtis occupies a prominent place..Voluntary enlistments for the army,except as authorized by acts of Congress in certain cases, have been ordered discontinued by General Marjch,Chief of Staff, and all recruiting stations will be closed as speedily aspracticable. The enlisted men serving at such stations will be sent tothe nearest recruit depot to be physically examined and their, qualification records made out with a view totheir assignment to "appropriateduty."Dr. H. M. Hamilton, who volunteered for service in the VeterinaryCorps of the U. S. Army, will returnto Paris about Sept. 15, to resumehis practice. Dr. Hamilton, upon ex-t J "-, " uT"ZT:Z7rfLllllllJ-LI-MIII ItV Lilt-" H II V, 111 If HIIII IVuolu 6ou u uMftu uis-charge as physically disqualified because of a minor defect. He appealed the case to Washington, butthe lower Board's decision was sustained. Dr. Hamilton will visit relatives in Indiana before returningto Paris.Dr. Jajmes A. Orr, of Paris, now,ranking as Captain in the MedicalCorps of the army service, writes toParis relatives that he has been ordered overseas with a regiment ofrailroad operating engineers. Thereare eleven doctors with the regiment,which is an unusually laree one. buthe is the only surgeon in "the outfit." Capt. Orr's letter was alsodescriptive of secenes and incidentsoccurring when making the tripfrom Ft. Beni. Harrison to CamnUpton, where he was stationed.SDecial attention has been directedby ther authorities at the cantonmentsto the fact that, under no circumstances wilL visitors be allowed tosee men wno are in quarantine. Itis especially desired that this regulation should, be made Known by themen to their relatives at home ip. order that long trips may not be madeto cantonments when visitors willnot be permitted"1 to see certain man.Persons contempfatftfg visftfnr theWOMEFS COMMITTEE COXPLETES ITS ORGAHIZATIOHThe Bourbon County .Women'sCommittee of the Council ofTtfatioMalDefense has perfected its organization and arrangements for a house-to-housecanvass in both the city andthe county for the registration of women for war activities and for thenlistment of young women for student nurses. Committees of workershave been busilv eneacM in ftivass this week agnong the women oftue cny, sThe county has been divided intosix divisions, with the followfTie- divisional chairmen: Mrs. T)nnriBell, Mrs. M. H. Dailey, Mrs. Wnr. 0.Hinton, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Mrs.James McClure and Mrs. J. T. Van-sant. In these six division sragrouped twenty-eight registrars,whose duties will be to assist in th"registration work. This brines thetotal number engaged in the work upio nity. -rne registration is notcompulsory, but is made in compliance with the desire of the Government to have as complete registrationoi women tor war work as it is possible to obtain.Headquarters have been opened onthe ground floor room of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.'sbuilding at the corner of Main tBroadway, with several workers in.cnarge. Mrs. E. F. Clay, of thecounty, is Chairman, and Miss MzttFithian Hutchraft, secretary of thecojmmittee.A number of applications havebeen received from young women ofthe city and county who desire toenter the work as volunteer and student nurses, and all seem to be willing and ready to co-operate with theladies of the committee in theirwork. The work will be carried forward steadily until completed. And,like all the other war work undertaken by the women of Paris anBourbon county, it will be well andthoroughly done.fe fe IfcNOTICE TO TEACHEHS OP COLORED SCHOOLS.All colored teachers are hereby re-quested to call at my ofllce in thecourt house to-morrow (Saturday)afternoon at three o'clock, and signtheir contracts for the comingschool year.J. B. CAYWOOD,County School Superintendent.5 te IS 1THE USUAL RESULT "While, endeavoring to. .start a, firewith coal oil in a stove at his homenear Centerville, Mr. Arthur Faulqaner, was severely burned about thehead and face when the fluid exploded. Although almost stifled by theflames Mr. Faulconer had nresence. nfmind- enough to roll on the floor andsmother the flames with a piece "ofrag carpet. Medical assistance wassoon -at -hand and the injured manwas given prompt attention.cantonments are strongly urged bycanip authorities to learn whethertheir soldier is in quarantine before,they make the trip.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Bowles, of Millersburg, have received word .thartheir son, Thos. Bowles, Jr., had arrived safely overseas on one of UncleSam's big army transports.x rAfter an absence of ten years fromParis, Mr. Lee Brown, who is aow Amember of Uncle Sam's army at CampKearney, in California, is revisiting:his old home town. Private Brownis here on a three-weeks furlough asa guest of his mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, and his brother, Mr.Richard Brown. He is JnT excellenthealth and ready for serious workwith Uncle Sam's Boche-suppreseors.-Mr. Rene Clark, who left Paris"some weeks ago to report at GreatLakes, 111., wrote this week to hisgrandmother, Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, thathe had passed a successful examination and had been accepted for ser-"vice. He will, after ' spending theusual fourteen days in the quaran-tine camp, go into active training atthe Great Lakes Naval Training Station. -T TTTI11 -m -w1X' vvlluam iarK received aunique souvenir from Mr. EdwardWoods, who is at Camp Shelby, nearHattiesburg, Miss. The souvenir wa miniature reproduction of a bale ofcotton, baled, tied and bagged exactly like the real thing. On top of -the bale, with his shining teeth sunkdeep into a slice of watermelon wasa twinkling-eyed pickanniny, and bedside him lay a sheaf of rice ready forwinnowing. Thus was representedfour of Mississippi's principal pro- "ducts cotton, coons, rice and watermelons. Isn't this a most plaintive appeal? ,Frcpn Camp Zachary Taylor, the temporary abiding-place of many bravehearts and willing- helpers, comes thefollowing1 from a former newspaper ""man:'"Camp Zachary Taylor,"For the love of Mike (or me)please send me a BOURBON 'NEWSor something else from Paris. Thaven't seen a Paris or Lexinjrtompaper since I came to camb lastWednesday. Best regards to all t .Paris newspaper gang. Expect to gey ' ,South in about three weeks, jutwhere the Lord and those hiker uponly kaow.vFraternalIy, "'"WAYNE COTTTNGHAM.i"34th Co., 9th Tr. Bn.,15th Dipot Brigade, CafMp .Taylort Ky,j -I)'Miim&E TWO' "ii mmFRIDAY, SUHJEMBER 6, 191g,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.m BOURBON NEWS'JbMKzshed 188136 Tears of Continuous PublicationBoUished Every Tuesday and Fridayar Year..?2.00 6 Months. .$ 1.00. Payable in Adavance.WCFT CHAMP, EdlUr and Owner.iwBj erroneous reflection upon thettmcidier, standing or reputation offfMfv person, firm or corporation whichnag? appear In the columns of THBJCKTRBON NEWS will be gladly cor(tMtd if brought to attention of thedfcor.ADVERTISING RATES?tit&7 Advertisements, $1.00 perytM)HA Y ftr first time; 50 cents per inchif&rtk -Subsequent insertion.ateading Notices, 10 cents per linemd issue; reading notices in black'itypv'20 cents per line, each issue.' -Cards of thanks, calls on candl--oitffcsg,Obituaries and resolutions, and'aaatitar- matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseWMms and yearly contracts.fSto right of publisher is reserved"'' decline any advertisement or other' awi'i'.er for publication.denouncements for political offices?mwt invariably be accompanied bylJbo c&sh.'- - This paper has enlisted"Wi&the government in the-sjfcause of America for thegflpeidodof the war"EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-.Wage Problems." It is. assumed at political head--"tguartersthat all questions of wageincreases will become political inSrcfcaiacter, .und the Representatives" zaxuL Senators are beginning to reogjMJe the first nibble of pressure foriiicreased wages. The Administrationaanot go beyond a certain limit inlrlv&ncing pay schedules, and in thece of the railroads the top-notchXgures have doubtless been reached.?r& telegraphers have been noisyJ21oom the moment they entered thev"faioir of the Government. Just howtfjfedld parties will line up in this. . cat.frely now world of political val--.-""lesnr one knows. Everyone is try-TsiMg ito -continue on amiable terms5adth the Government-employed laSbOTars, but the route of wage-adjustmentias been changed from thecontrol of the individuals and corpor"agsams, and the first wage increaseTKOQUg the railroad employes was ac-?cB-lishedby a big advance in-'freight and passenger rates. Industrial Tand labor conditions with therradre companies are sure to undergojiEEtkea changes; but just how thesebwt conditions will affect politicaljSattMines is a much of a mystery,-hE theiDjemoxxratic and Republican"'committees are total abstainers wheni t 3Jjomes. to .partaking of a fixed poli -cyM Nevrthless-the issues will havetr "t 2e met 'within a few weeks attx 'Ihfc outside; and a line-up with ref&t (patnee to the continuation of more--dr&esgGovernment control and ownenmip may be expected in politicalr5ciniLes throughout the country."Tne I. W. W." Conviction.'he conviction of one , hundredjtHSaidtgs'of the Industrial Workers of, ' tikwftrld at Chicago practically-t:Mffies-aui important plan of the Fed-' "aaai'-tjoveranrent for the behavior offSaterjican citizens during the pro-jjgicss of the war. The I. W. W.' ,oght to create railroad congestionr ysay the -missending of freight, the'."wrecking of sawmills by drivingr n.!sj5kes in timbers, the destruction of-Iftait orchards by placing coppertacto in the trees and the spoilage of'grain by stacking shocks upside- wn. The I. W. W. flew the red flagr of lawlessness, and its plan to war- -ttm industries until the employerstgferew up their hands in despair.rTnese plans of sabotage, which aim--ad"at the slowing down of produc-"'tionla.nd wanton spoilage of material,and the creating of strikes, was all' Try carefully planned by men whoVorJfced so close to the line of legalaHth,ods that their conviction wasjQ6tidimcult.I'Ehjef'Government has its War Trade"(BoWd; its War Finance Board, WarXabor Board, and other agencies in-" tended to straighten out every detail'' difference between employers and4 jAoyes., and agencies like the I. W.jrhstind in strict contradiction to its7 aa&fhbds. It is not to be assumed that4the 'Government has achieved a per-,viflac system, but its progress has been'aiitlicfory, and it is a pleasantHtfcu&b that we are about done withue ai&rchist institutions as the I.ot'Osiers Telephone Consolidations., 'JThe Postmaster General has issuedf)rfters looking toward the consolivfetiag of telephone companieshrouf;hout the country. There are-several thousand independent com-iSPanies in' the United States, and theBell -lineseare-' in competition withlaany off these. Postmaster GeneralTSurleabn has namefci Nathan C.Kingsbury, vice-president of theAmerican Telephone and TelegraphCompany to conduct investigationsand to make negotiations and arriveat agreements for the unification andconsolidation of the various companies operating in the same communities. The policy of the Postoffice Department as announced in a recent statement also directs all companies to"confine extensions and bettermentsto ijmperative and unavoidable workto meet war requirements and thevital commercial needs of the country." The telephone and telegraphcompanies all appear to be givinghearty co-operation to the new policies brought about by Governmentcontrol.E 3 gjTHE NATIONAL REGISTRATION"Register!"That is the message which the fortythousand Four Minute Men of theCommittee on Public Informationwill commence to carry to the peopleat the special request of Provost Marshal General Crowder.In order that the country may become informed upon the reasons forand the purpose of the enlarged draftages, the press was called into consultation and heartiest co-operationinsured. At the same tijme, arrangements were perfected through National Headquarters of Four MinuteMen in Washington to turn this vastforce of organized oratory upon thevital topic.A bulletin of information containing complete statistics concerningthe fighting man power of the country was prepared in consultationwith the Provost Marshal General'soffice. - An autographic letter fromGeneral Crowder to the Four MinuteMen explains the urgency of the situation and calls upon this greatarmy of speakers to use their bestefforts to meet their part in it.In this connection, the Generalsays: "We want to inspire every manwith the resolution to come forwardat the time appointed and do hisduty."One of the post efficient ways tocommunicate this inspiration, stimulating the keen sense of duty to beperformed, is the oral appeal, face toface. This is where we are relyingupon the great organization of FourMinute Men. We believe that youcan reach effectively the millions ofmen who are due to come forward onthat day to register."The original registration broughtforward 9,586,000 men. This time ourcalculations give us every reason tobelieve that the number to be included reaches thirteen million. It willbe America's greatest effort to complete its army. Your part will be animportant one, and I earnestly invokeyour assistance and call upon you toput your best skill into the task"RED CROSS NEWS GRENADES.' The American Red Cross has opened a Fresh Air station at Mt. Aigoualfor repatriated and refugee Belgianand French children.Sixteen orphans' homes, hospitalsand farm schools operated by aFrench organization are receivingfinancial assistance from the American Red Cross.Eighty-four nurses and aids fromthe American Red Cross at Paris havebeen lent for emergency militarywork in connection with the presentoffensive.The national game, baseball isfollowing the flag to the war zonesof Europe and the Ajmerican RedCross is doing all In its power to supply equipment to keep the game going.,The piece work department of theAmerican Red Cross in the Hotel Victoria, at Naples, Italy, is now providing 500 women who are members ofsoldiers' families with work to do athome.Instead of opening large homes,the American Red Cross in thisdistrict, about Genoa, Italy, is moreor less using the cottage system incaring for refugee children. Cottages, each caring for 14 children,have been opened in the hills.The American Red Cross is to assist the Italian Sanita Militaire in itsstudy of infectious jaundice malaria,the infections of the typhoid group,the lesions resulting from refrigeration and asphxiation gases and certain other wound infections.A telegraphic request for additional Red Cross workers at the Italian front-1 received at 5 o'clock atRed Cross headquarters! Five American Red Cross men on the train at8 o'clock! With them, as personalbaggage, went 2,000 shirts, 20,000cigarettes and 5,000 packages ofchocolate!In the past nine months the Ajmerican Red Cross has aided 382 tuberculosis hospitals and dispensaries,representing a total of 30,147 beds.The second request of 167 institutions have been granted. The valueof the goods requestioned for this relief work alone is estimated at 1,125,208 f ranees.t There are two kinds of men inthisworld those Vho have to be "cranked up" and self-starters.t s tALL MPENU8 5T0 4 MtfSltfREGISTERj'SEEtf. 12.All rtfiale persons in Bourbori'County between the ages of' 18 and45 years inclustive, are required togo to their respective voting placeson Thursday, Sept. 12, and registerunder the new Draft Law recentlyenacted. The new Draft Law becameeffective Saturday, when PresidentWilson put his signature to the newbill. Under the new law if is 'estimated that at least 12,778,758 menwill register in the United States andthat fully 2,300,000 of that number will be called for (military service. In order that no person in BourbonCounty can claim ignorance of thenew Draft Law, the following regulations have been issued by ProvostMarshal Crowder, and should beread carefully by every male resident in Bourbon County:4. PERSONS REQUIRED TOREGISTER. All male persons whoshall have attained their eighteenthbirthday and shall not have attainedtheir forty-sixth birthday on or before the day set for registration bythe President must register. Theonly exceptions are:(a) Persons who, prior to theday set for registration by the President, have registered under theterms of the act approved May 18,1917, or under the terms of the public resolution of Congress approvedMay 20, 1918, whether called forservice or not;(b) Officers and enlisted men ofthe Regular Army; officers appointed, and men of the forces drafted,under the provisions of the act approved May 18, 1917; officers andenlisted men of the National Guardwhile in the service of the UnitedStates; and the officers of the Officers'Reserve Corps and enlisted men inthe Enlisted Reserve Corps while inthe service of the United States; and(c) Officers and enlisted men ofthe Navy and Marine Corps and officers and enlisted and enrolled men ofthe Naval Reserve Force and MarineCorps Reserve while in the serviceof the United States.Persons not subject to registration solely on account of being in themilitary or naval service of the United States become subject to registration and are required to register immediately upon leaving such militaryor naval service.Citizens of the United States orpersons who have declared their intention to become citizens of theUnited States who do not register onaccount of absence from the territorial limits of the United States arerequired to register within five daysafter their return to the UnitedStates. (See Sec. 72.)5. REGISTRANTS AND OTHERSCHARGED WITH KNOWLEDGE OFTHESE REGULATIONS. These regulations have the force and effect oflaw, and all persons required by theseregulations to be registered, and allpersons who may claim any right orprivilege in respect of any registrant,are charged with knowledge of theprovisions hereof. Failure by anyperson required to be registered toperform any duty prescribed by theseregulations is a misdemeanor, punishable by imprisonment for oneyear, and may result in loss of valuable rights and privileges and inimmediate induction into the military service.te 15s BQCORPORATIONS MUST-MAKE TAXRETURN ON STOCK.Regardless of size and capitalstock, each corporation in the Seventh Internal Revenue District whichhas been in business during the lastfiscal year, is required to report theamount of its capital stock to theInternal Revenue Collector on or. before September 30, in anticipation ofthe Federal tax.To neglect to do this is to suffer apenalty, according to Collector El7wood Hamilton, of the revenue officein Lexington. In blanks which havebeen sent to the Lexington office forthe filing of corporation reports, thepenalty, in its substance, is that corporations refusing to ,file reportswithin the time prescribed by law arefined not more than $500 with 50per cent, additional tax for renderingfalse and fradulent returns.Heretofore, no corporation with acapital stock less than $75,000 wasrequired to make a Federal report.THE STATE PAIR.Kentucky farmers and breedersshould consider it not only a privilege, but a patriotic duty to attendthe Kentucky State Fair, September9 to 14, inclusive. Coming upthrough years of hard struggle, theState Fair has emerged one of themost creditable institutions of itskind in the United States.President Mat S. Cohen and theState Board of Agriculture deserveunlimited praise for securing thelargest premium list that has everbeen offered at the Fair, especially atthis time. The prize list of $2,000announced for beef cattle and thefatted and feeding class and also the$10,000 saddle horse stake are record-breakers,and if we are not mistaken these are the largest premiumsever offered at any State Fair.Not only should an institution ofthe ' educational value of the StateFair be supported, but it is the dutyof every farmer and breeder to takeadvantage of the opportunity of getting in touch with what his fellowworkers are doing in order that hemay be in a better position to raise"bigger and better crops and morelivestock to help feed our countryanld our allies during the world war.TOR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.(sept-adv)Electrical apparatus for nerma-nently curling women's hair has beeninvented by a foreign scientist.lltoTOTlDHAPPEARS iNo One in Pajs $Wn6i Has a BadBadcXShtuldvIgnore ThisDouble Proof.Does your back ache?Have you suspected your kidneys?Backache is sometimes kidney ache.With it may come dizzy spellsSleepless nights, tired, dull days,Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands,Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testijmony; tested by time.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenth St.,Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at times was verynervous. My kidneys were weak andinactive. I heard about Doan's Kidney Pills and used them and theysoon had me feeling better in everyway."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attijmes when I find it necessary. I havealways received the same good results, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TRAINING KITCHEN FOR WARWORKERS.The department's demonstrationand training kitchen in Washingtonconducted by the boys' and girls' section of the Office of Extension WorkNorth and West, is a center of important training and demonstration activities. During the last year 73State, assistant State, county andlocal leaders of boys' and girls' clubwork have been given special trainingin this kitchen on methods of conducting war-saving demonstrationsin canning, drying and bread-jmak-Ing,and it is also the center of instruction in other activities of theboys' and girls' clubs, such as garment making, poultry, corn, andpotato demonstrations. The record ofthe year's work just completed showsthat 486 complete demonstrationswere given and 27 regular trainingconferences with leaders were held.The leaders carry this instruction tothe thousands of junior Americansenlisted in this branch of extensionwork.Dijon, France Here the AmericanRed Cross has erected a barrack toserve as a day nursery for the children of the French women who workin the United States Army capiouflage factory.Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty. Privilege to seed this fall.None but perfectly reliable partiesneed apply. Money rent.W. E. HIBLER,312 E. High Street,C6tf Lexington, Ky.Are You Deaf?If you are unable to hear ordinary conversation, call at myoffice and let me demonstrate theACOUSTICONone of the best electric hearinginstruments on the market today. Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound. ,Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.FullWoole'd Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington., We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the 'highest! price. Send us samples.SPEYBR Jb SON, , .Lexington, Ky.Found.Or the streets of Paris, Saturdaymdrning, a small sum of money, incurrency. Must be claimed by therightful owner, who must pay advertising charges.FOR RENT.Four-room cottage on Harmonavenue. Gas for lighting and heating. Water in kffchenv Large lot.Apply toMISS CORDIE OWSLEY,(30-3t) 1533 South High St.For Rent.Nice "Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONSr(2-tf) 918 Main St., Parisy Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for iroujunk, hides and wool. .MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb: Phone 374.(23-tf)PUBLIC SALE!I will offer at Public Sale at theFrank M. Clay farm, on Georgetownpike, 4 miles from Paris, onMonday, September 9,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following:une mare, 7 years old; good one;lady broke.One 4 -year-old Jersey Cow, goodmilker; gives 3 gallons milk perday.Five Bred Hogs, weight about200 pounds each.One new Tubber tirer Buggy.One old Buggy.One set new Harness.One Deering 6-shovel Cultivator.One Tobacco Plow.One Double-shovel Plow.One Marker.Six hundred yards Canvas, usedthis year only.Lot of Hoes.One new Tobacco Spray.Lot of Tobacco Knives.One new Cross Cut Saw.One Hand Saw.Lot of Hens.Lot oC Chickens.Twelve Young Turkeys.Household and Kitchen. Furniture.One new Sewing Machine.One- Big Range Cooking, Stove.Many other things too numerousto mention.TERMS, CASH.JOHN ELDRntGE:M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(3-2t)Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMARY FRANCES LAUGHLIN, ETC.,ON PETITION-NOTICE OF SALEThe undersigned Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Courtwill, at the Court House door inParis, Kentucky, onSaturday,Septl4,1918about the hour of 11 a. m., expose topublic sale the following tract ofland as a whole with the improvements thereon, to-wit:A tract of land situated in.Jo1?011 County Ky., containing, 23.06 acres and known as tractNo. 1 in the division of the landsf of Anna E. Smith, bounded as fol, lows: Beginning at a stone inMargaret Coulthard's line at P acorner to No. 2; thence NI'e7.77 chains to B; an iron pin, acorner to said Coulthard; thence13 E 11.04 chains to C, an ironpin, a corner to said Coulthardthence N 67 7-8 E 13.03 chainsto D, a post corner to LawrenceVanHook; then S Z W 22.68chains to a stone corner to No 2in a line of Wm. Isgrig's heirs;thence with a line of No. 2 S 85E. 10.42 chains to the beginningand there is also conveyed hereina right of passage over tract No.2, leading from the property herein conveyed, to the dirt road nearthe Eastern side of No. 2, togetherwith the passway therein described. TERMS Said land will be soldupon 'credits of six and twelvemonths for equal parts o the purchase money, the purchaser to execute ponas bearing interest fromdate of sale at the rate of 6 perannum; two bonds for equal amountsdue in six and twelve months to bemade payable to Martha Laughlinfor her portion of the purchasemoney, two to Leonard B. Laughlinfor his portion, and" two to MarthaLaughlin, as guardian of MaryFramces Laughlin, -for her portion.and as per terms and provisions ofJherder of Sale Tierefn.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit. fCourf.,(auY-SO-witC)MISS ELIZABETH B. GUTNEa,Piano and Violin,Studio 227- Seventh Street.Term Opens Septemher 2, 1918.PAEIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Margolen'sSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.Give Us an OrderMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSPECIALSON OURBARGAIN TABLESChildren's DressesTwo assortments98c and $1.49Ckxldren's Rompersat59c a pairCorset Coversa splendid assortment at35c eachBoys' WaistsValues up to 98c at49c eachLadies' Muslin Gownsa g'ood bargain at99c eachBed QuiltsRegular $2.98 values at$1,98Pumps and Oxfords$1.99 pairTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.WHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !. Cheap breeze is more important to you ,tnan cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.UJtstiitdDouse Tanshave proved their ability to giveme mosii oreeze lor tne leasi expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 6, 1918.THE BOURBOK NEWS, FAWS. Mtpyp.'i l 'MCB TUMI. 'wsiuir P09C1H- ."TV--PostuMiEI:18fiI III.W.IjrwwAJiinis a real factorin the presentpublic service.program.There's NoWas- e,it Saves Fuel and'Sugar, and it isjAmericart.Not least, it isDelicious,HeedthffuJ,and it'f TrypostumPATENTS GRANTED TO CITIZENSOE KENTUCKY.(Compiled by W. A. Redmond, Patent Attorney, Washington, D. C.)Leo F. Brislin, Socket transformer,Ashland; Verol H. Byrdr Invalid'sbed. Hickory; Joseph W. Haley, Lumber register, Erlanger; P. F. Killian,Acetylene Gas Generator, Owensboro; Peppeino Majoranna Pyroxhne composition, Louisville; WalterH. Parks, Demountable wheel ryn,Hartford; Leslie E. "Vass, Hair clipper, Henderson.2 1 S3DIARRHOEA -IN CHLtiDREN.T1HE is u: s: BESTSOLDIER OF FINANCEIt Works Always To Put Liberty Bond Values HigherTime works in favor of LibertyBonds.Some of the more restless-mindedholders of Liberty Bonds of the Second and Third loans have lost sight ofthat fact and allowed the alight slumpin the market price which took placethis summer to worry them.Those prices reflect only a temporary condition, says the Wall StreetJournal, and the Treasury departmentis already in process of remedying itThe slump in part has been due to amisapprehension on the part of smallinvestors who have gained a superficial knowledge of tax exemption features.wniie bonds of the Second andThird loans, th$ 4 and 44 per centbonds, are 'taxable and the 3 percent bonds are tax free emairinP1vestor cannot be taxed by any jncometax law .iiow in eft ect or any later to"be enacted oiTany of the bonds unlesshis holdings of 4 or 4 bonds reach$5,000 worth or more. And yet a studyof the transactions in bonds to datehas revealed the fact that many ofthe sales are by small investors whohave disposed of their 4s and 44s tobuy 3s because some one has toldthem the 3s werelaiTfree.Everything which congress takes upin the way of financial legislation getsthe careful attention of the Treasurydepartment Nothing is allowed to gofar if its provisions in any way tendto lower "Values on Liberty Bonds. Liberty'Bond holders have first consideration and everything is being done tofacilitate the financing of the war.Aside from the tax free features,which are only present influencesafter all, the Liberty Bonds shouldstand out as gilt-edged investments fortheir after-the-war value. The capitalwhich they will restore to the investorafter the war will have a far greaterpurchasing power than the moneywhich he is putting into the bonds nowwhen money is so cheap and plentiful.tl lSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.. rFor diarrhoea in children one yeardd or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a dosecf castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)Wilhelm wants a place in the sun,but just now a small place in thefpade is good enough for us.Njjjjgi o o fiipimUptIs ''four HouseStaying Ifoung?Every sensible man wants hishouse to stay young to lookfresh, bright, and new, unmarked by time or weather.Houses grow old and look oldthrough being neglected Paintkeeps new houses from lookingold and losing value, and givesnew life to old houses. Tofreshen up your house and keepit young, use paint made ofDutch BoyAnchor Brandite-Leadthinned with pure linseed oil.Such paint costs no more thansome paints which are not alllead. We have the right remedy, ifyour house, your barn, or yourgarage is not looking as youngas it shjUd. Come in and letus show you our complete andup-to-date stock of paints, varnishes, brushes, and all-ipaintaccessories.Wh1 3 x.They Give BloodAbroad; We MustGive Our TreasureAnyone proposing peace with Germany before Kaiserlsm shall havebeen crushed out of existence shouldeither be interned or placed in an in-sane asylum formedical treatment. That is the verdict of HudsonMaxim. The greatgun maker givestersely some ofthe reasons whythe governmentneeds five or sixbillion dollarsmore immediatelyreasons why thefourth Libertyloan must go overwith a big safetymargin, wny otnHudson Maxim. er loans soon tocome must go over the same way."We cannot consider any terms ofpeace whatsoever with the Germangovernment as now constituted," Maxim's letter goes on to say. "Germanymust be licked and the Hohenzollernskicked off the throne before we caneven talk peace without outraging ourself-respect The German militaryring must be broken and so shatteredthat it can never be reunited."Those militaristic bandits of thebreed of Atilla who cold-bloodedly prepared to plunder the world and enslavemankind are not fit to place theirnames to a peace campact beside thoseof the heroes who shall, with sacrificeof blood and treasure, save the worldfrom their clutches."There is but one way to peace andthat is the way to Berlin."Liberty bonds will open that roadfor the American boys. Those at homemust sacrifice their treasure as thoseover there sacrifice their blood.Federal Bank TakesIn Eighteen MoreOhio InstitutionsC A. DaughertyThe Federal Reserve Banking System of the Fourth District has beentaking on new strength for the FourthLiberty Loan campaign. It has addedto itself since the first of July eighteenOhio banks and has applicationspending from eight more.The new member banks are ThePeoples Saving & Banking Co., Barberton; Citizens Bank, CuyahogaFalls; Commercial & Savings BankCo., Buckeye City; Farmers and Citizens Banking Co., Milan; Rossford Savings Bank, Rossford; Home BankingUOmp&U, uiuouuu&i w0Banking Company, Chagrin Falls;Provident Savings Bank & Trust Co.;Gibsonburg Banking Company, Gibsonburf; Cuyahoga Falls SavingsBask Company, Cuyahoga Falls; WestLafayette Bank Co., West Lafayette;Citizens State Bank, Weat Milton;Ganeva Savings Bank Co., Geneva;Peoples Savings & Trust Co., Akron;Dime Savings Bank Co., Cantom; Dayton Savings & Trust Co., Dayton;Struthers Savings & Banking Co.,Struthers; City SaTini Bank & TnuC., Alliance. . . -Comings and Goings, of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Emily Holiday is very ill ather home on Eighth street.Mrs. C. T. Willmott is very ill ather home on Cypress street.Miss Ardelle Rion is a guest offriends and relatives in Cincinnatiand Covington.Mrs. Frank Williams, Sr., whohas been very ill at her home nearParis, is convalescing.Rev. H. D. Campbell, pastor ofthe Maysville Methodist church, wasa visitor in Paris this week.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannand Mrs. James Grinnell have returned from a visit in Lexington.Miss Anna Louise White has returned from Maysville, where shehas been a guest of Miss Anna BelleHall.Dan W. Peed, Sr., and EdwardBurke were in Spencer county thisweekr looking after their tobacco interests. Mrs. Mollie Jones has returnedto her home in Cincinnati, after avisit to relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mr. and Mrs. David Feld andfapnily have as guests Jacob and Harry Feld, of Wayne, Pa., nephews ofMr. Feld.Miss Anna Sweeney has returnedto Dayton, Ohio, after a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Sweeney,near Paris.Mrs. Neal Parker and daughter,Miss Irene Parker, are guests offriends and relatives in CrabOrchard, Ky.Dr. George R. Rankin, of Shawhan, attended the meeting of theState Medical Association in Louisville this week.Mr, and Mrs. Charles Abbotthave returned to their home nearParis, after a visit to relatives inFlejming county.Mr. I. B. Helburn has returnedto his home in Eminence, after avisit to his . sister, Mrs. LawrencePrice, and Mr. Price.Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Renwick andchildren and Miss Sallie Hall havereturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Somerset.Misses Nancy and Dorris Chandler, guests of Mrs. Morris and otherrelatives in Paris, have returned totheir homes in Covington.Miss Sue Ford, who has beenspending the summer in Paris, hasreturned to Key West Fla., to resumecharge of her mission school.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James have asguests at their home on Parrish avenue, Mrs. Mattie Routte and Mrs.Martha Ely, both of Paint Lick, Ky.Miss Betsy Ray has returnedfrom an extended visit to Miss Bertha Johnson, in Toronto, Canada,and has reopened her classes mpiano.Mr. M. J. Thornton, of Chicago,and Miss Agnes Collins, of Mayslick,are guests of Judge and Mrs. DenisDundon, at their home on Houstonavenue.Misses Margaret, Ruth andClara Highland have returned totheir homes in Covington, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James, onParrish avenue.Mr. and Mrs. J. Louis Earlywine,of Chicago, are guests of Mrs. Earlywine's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. U.Boardman, and other relatives in thecity and county.Mrs. Charles Posner is a guestof Mr. Posner's parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. L. Posner, on Walnut Hills, inCincinnati. Mr. Posner will join herlater in the week for a visit.Mrs. M. Christian, housekeperat the Massie Memorial Hospital, leftWednesday to enjoy a month's vacation in visiting relatives and friendsat Paducah, Ky., and in Oklahoma.Miss Edith Bobbitt, formerly ofParis, returned Tuesday to her homein Covington, after a visit to MissLucille Hall. She was accompaniedhome by Miss Hall, who will be heruest.Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Kinkead, ofCatlettsburg, en route to Louisville,to attend the meeting of the StateMedical Association, stopped over inParis, Tuesday, for a short visit tofriends.Mr. and Mrs. Tlios. Gallowayand family have moved to the P. A.Thompson home an Stoner avenue,which they purchased some time ago.The home has undergone extensiveremodeling.Miss Annie Laurie Page, of Daltnn Gfiorsria. who has been a guestof Miss Gertrude Slicer, left Tuesdayfor New York, where she will be amejmber of the faculty in one of theNew York schools.Mrs. Benjamin and son, CulverBenjamin, guests of Mr. and Mrs.John B. Northcott, returned Tuesdayto their hopne in Cleveland, O. Theywere accompanied by Mrs. Northcottas far as Cincinnati.During the absence of Miss MaeHall, who is spending a two-weeks'vacation with relatives in Huntington, W. Va., her place at the Alamoand the Grand will be filled by MisElise Varden, an accomplished musician. Mr. Wyatt Thompson left forthe Lee county oil fields Wednesdaynight, chaperoning a party of stockholders, including several ladies fromOhio and Kentucky, on a tour of inspection of the properties held by his jcompany. The party visited Natural 1Bridge and Torrent before leavingfor the oil fields.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp and Mr.N. H. Eckler, both of Paris, attendedthe Epworth League rally held atBrooksville, in Bracken county, lastSunday. While there they wereguests of Rev. T. W. Tucker andfamily. Mr. Snapp, who is presidentof the State League, delivered an address at the meeting.Mrs. George C. Thompson, Jr.,who has been a guest of her mother,Mrs. Mollie James, and family, onSecond street, in this city, for several weeks, left Wednesday for herhome near Allansville, Ga., accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. James Fergusonand Mrs. Jajmes Pigg, all of Lexington. The party will make the tripto Allansville in Mr. Ferguson's automobile. (Other Personals on Page 5.),tion addressnllHllSiniF'TheIF - i JiHKB iHg MARINE LLO 'jHBjLj Tar -Tonic (KIMf New Preparation. iflHtMHj Amazing results, i BEMH Cleanses scaln arttu VKLHCM septtcally. Stojjsfall- VBjHVf inghair. Eliminates llB WMJRH and prevents dandruff. I HHFImjm Reduces oily condition. HI ..BH Enlivens growth. In- I IvBra " : "vfnf sures abundance of I bvVisSfm lustrous, neaitny.neavy IHlfv i.nif hair' Hf ii M. A. PATONl f; X; iyiLTTTlTnnTTsvflWi :' I'"' r I I ' .:.;:. . ! . ,' - tM ; , h i . i - U H : ; :; ; I IdyyiitJUtiyyuuyyyijijyiiLiuy aj miLexington College of MusicAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio will be announced later. For inform-(aug.2-7t-F)MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Dirtetor,Lexington, KentuckyWAE DEPARTMENT TO BAN SOLDIERS WRITING TO UNKNOWNSOfficers and enlisted men at armycamps are forbidden to start correspondence with persons they do notknow, according to recent orders ofthe War Department.This action has been taken in order that soldiers miay not open a wayto acquire military information. Organizations all over the country aresaid to have been formed to write letters to soldiers. These form a cloakfor enemy agents and propagandiststo get into comjmuni cation with soldiers who innocently reveal important facts, it is said, and the Government intends to discourage thesesocieties. "The opportunity whichmight be offered to a wholesale propaganda by well-organized groups ofenemy sympathizers is obvious," theorder reads.1E1 TS E3STATE AID FOR COUNTY SEATSTREETS LEGAL.The question raised by State Inspector and Examiner Nat B. Sewellin his report on the road departmentwhether streets of a county seatwhich constitute part of the intercounty seat highway system can becons ucted with State aid, has beensettW as far as the Attorney General' department is concerned, Gen.Chailes H. Morris said in an opinion to City Attorney Chenault Huguley, of Danville, who was perturbed at Mr. Sewell's suggestionthat if the law does not permit it,Danville, and other cities which havebuilt streets with State aid shouldbe 'compelled to reipiburse the Stateroad fund.Gen. Morris said that as far backas March 22, 1915, the departmentheld such expenditure legal. It wasso held under both Attorney General James Garnett and AttorneyGeneral M. M. Logan, and Gen. Morriss'iagrees. with them.Tunis has attained second rank tothe United States for the productionof phosphate through the development of mines discovered a few yearsago.ta 1Q PaThe United States produces about88 per cent of the world's oysters.BOOKKEEPINGDnolnsBs PhnnnnpanhuTYPEWRITING andTELEGRAPHYWILBUR R. SMITH BUSINESS COLLEGEInc. aad Sntctuor, commercial louege Ky. unnertiij.Its President haa yeara of experience in mercantileand banking buBinees, al60 40 years educating 20,000young men and women for success JOEnter now.Address WlIiBUB B. SSOTH, lexlnffton, Ky(6-2t)CMRKC3RINGSHOWSa nationalinstitution:OammmmmfmfmtatamMBallCOMING TO2 Performances OnlySEPT.Individual Instruction Received ByStudents of Fugazzi SchoolInsures Their SuccessSo says Miss Ada Banahan in a letter to Miss Fugazzuwhich we are publishing in full below, as it is typical ofthe letters we are receiving all the time from our former-.students.June 25, 1917.Miss Irene Fugazzi,Fugazzi School of Business,Lexington, Ky.Dear Miss Fugazzi:Just a few lines to express to you my apprepreciation of what you and your excellent schoolhave done for me.I am holding a fine position which you helpedme secure and feel that it was your thorough,conscientious training that made me capable ofholding it. The individual instruction and personal attention which you give your students insure their success. I shall always be glad torecommend your school to anyone who desiresto become really efficient.Yours very sincerely,ADA banahan:If you have average ability we can do for you whatwe did for Miss Banahan.WE COURT A THOROUGH INVESIGATION. SPECIALCOACHING GIVEN FOR CIVIL SERVCE CANDIDATES.Send For Free Catalogue.Our catalogue giving full details and cost of tuitionis just off the press. Send or call for your copy it is.free for the asking.Day or Night Classes Special Summer rates now 'meffect for the Full Business Course.For further information write, phone or call at the:school.Fugazzi School of BusinessMiss Irene Fugazzi, PrincipalEfficiency is Our Watchword,117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, KyvIamarr:IT:::jIKs:r25..52T'jSi;!?!st--Tjheirenctleton Shop135 HAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKY'.We Extend a Cordial .Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageIKKIi.i-L..GOWNSSUITSHATSiiIX'iBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIITelephone No. 4West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!-j With all the latest improve-ments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicit ktyour patronage. mg The Bourbon Laundry?Paris, Kentucky ' k-' iMir:riit1Hvkvl1(,Ir?Srfr'V -,.A'(.V,Vv,I "1iittMflFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, l$lf.ii - . .' : ; hi v ,, tv -'jtfSL. VjiTHE PARIS GRANDMonday, kSeptember 7O LYMAN H (Ot ANEW .TRAVEL FESTIVALTHPILLS!THPILLS!!THR(LIS!!!UP IN THEWITHTHEMARINESMEXICOSOUTH AMERICA&A. WILD ANIMALS 1 9 'Hinthe ROCKIESBl ;-'"PRICESLower Floor 50c. Boxes 75cBalcony 35c and 50cGallery 25c10 per cent War Tax AddedReserved Seats on Sale at the AlamoBox Office Now.I. 0. 0. F. IN DRIVE FOR $50,000FUND.A movement to raise a fund of$50,000 as a-n endowment fund forthe support of the Odd Fellows Orphan Hopie at Lexington, has recently been inaugurated at the suggestion of Mr. Beckham Overstreet,of Louisville, Grand Master of theState. September 1 to 15 have beenset apart for this purpose. Everylodge and every member of the orderwill be asked to contribute to thismost worthy cause.Mayor January is in charge of thework of solicitingcontributions fromthe individual members of the Parislodge, and expects to be able to addquite a neat sum to the quota beforethe drive closes. It is his purpose tosee each member of the lodge if possible and t)ffer him an opportunity tohave a part in this great work of benevolence. REAL ESTATE DEALSDr. D. S. Henry purchased of Mr.Martin Doyle, of Paris, his stockfarm of 2S0 acres, located on theParis and Bethlehem pike, near thiscity, for a price not given out forpublication- Possession will begiven in March, 1919. Dr. Henrybought the farm as an investment.The fanm has for many years beenused by Mr. Doyle as a stock farm,nd was the home of some of themost noted fleet-footed racers ofj ears ago.Mr. B. S. Parrish, of near Austerlitz, purchased recently of Mr. William McCabe a farm of 137 acres,located in Woodford county, paying$41,000 for the place. Mr. Parrishrecently sold a farm in Franklincounty. He will get possession ofthe McCabe farm in March, 1919.Dr. I. D. Best, formerly of Millersburg, purchased of Mr. William Addams, of Cynthiana, his farm of 107acres, on the Cynthiana and Oddvillepike. Mr. Addams purchased Dr.Best's farm of 57 acres an the Millersburg pike. The prices paid werenot made public. Both will givepossession in March.1 jaaJEWISH HOLIDAY.Our store will be closed Saturdayuntil 6 p. m. on account of Jewishholiday.TWIN BROS. DEPT. STORE,C. S. Goldstein, Prop.(3-2t)"j m mTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTSpeaking of non-essentials, conservation of gasoline, suppression ofSunday joyriders, etc., let's place inthe front rank those pesky motorcycles, whose unearthly noise awakens the Sunday jmorning sleeperabout five o'clock. Put them in thetrenches, right on the firing line!-m m mStatistics show that 75,167,672gross tons of iron oregere mined inthe United States laeUyear, , 4 ,Z , - -vJfk A. I R IffI dls jm.1' mmAIR.BAN ON EATS LOOSENEDRegulations permitting the sale ofeighty per cent, wheat flour andtwenty per cent, substitutes andabolishing wheatless and meatlessdays has been put into effect in Parip,as well as other portions of theState, beginning Monday, and housekeepers and the eating public generally are rejoicing.The new ruling really went intoeffect on Sunday, but advantage ofthe regulation could not be taken bygrocers, bakers and others whoseplaces of business were closed onLabor Day and Sunday.According to the order of the National Food Administration housekeepers who buy flour that has beenmixed by the millers will not be required 'to buy the substitutes. Thelist of substitutes sent from Washington contains barley or corn flour,feriteria meal or flour, oats, rice, peanuts, kafflr, bean, potato, sweet potato or buckwheat flours.Other provisions permit bakers anddealers to carry a sixty-days' supplyof flour instead of a thirty-day supply, as was required under previousregulations, and the public to purchase flour in barrel lots instead ofobserving a twenty-four and one-halfpound lijrnit."Pa 3 S3FAEM FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near E wait'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky. (6-tf)MR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuableto risk either in Fire or WindStorm. Insure against eitheror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Both Phones 45.(30aug-6t)COMMUNITY CHORUS REHEARSAL. The Community Chorus will hold arehearsal at the Baptist church Monday night. The Chorus is scheduledto make a trip to Little Rock onTuesday night to give a program ofpatriotic and community music atthe Little Rock church. All memberswho desire to make, the trip are requested to send their names to Mr.A. L. Boatright or to Mrs. FrankFithian by next Monday. Anyonedesiring to help the Chorus in thematter of transportation by loaningtheir autos for the purpose will confer a favor by letting: Mr. Bo.atrijrhtknow in tijme to make arrangementsueiure xuesaay morning.I 1 1The German submarine can remainunder water, sitting on the bottom,lin" fr. frrtvo?rTif Tiniira . .X-V.m sparkscircus pakaimeltq.i Ullviiiwv VV f- , -Will appear the knights and ladieson gaily caparisoned steeds; thegolden pageant dens filled with' beastsof the forest and jungle; the sunhrijrht tableau cars with crystal mirrors- thfi sundry closed cages withhistorical paintings on their sides,suggesting oy me vei bclciuj itoence of marvelous prisoned creatures; elephants and camels; a greatgolden charibt with our own Columbia and her court traveling in imperial pomp atop; the droves of Shetland ponies drawing the fairy vehicles of nursery days; the funny, grinning clowns in their paint and powder; and, last of all the unutterable grandeur, the steam calliope,whistling and blasting and shrieking. Various free displays will followthe return of the parade to the showgrounds. The department of odd andcurious people, will be continuouslyopen.Performances of the circus will begiven at two o'clock and at eighto'clock. The crowds will be admitted an hour earlier to permit observation of the rare wild animals;queer quadrupeds, costly birds andother strange living creatures ofland, ocean and air. This great college of natural science forms anellipse of chariot cages within theimmense menagerie tent.More than five thousand patronsare invited to find comfortable seating accommodations in the maincanvas pavilion. The circus promises a three-hour phantasmagoria ofunprecedented magnitude and diversity and of uninterrupted individualand collective merit.pa E3BOARD OF TAX SUPERVISORSMAKE THEIR REPORTThe City Board of Tax Supervisors composed of A. B. Hancock,chairman, Dan W. Peed and Jas. R.Stivers, has completed its labors,and submitted a report of equalizingthe taxation of property in Paris forthe year 1918.The report as submitted to MayorE. B. January, showed the total valuation of taxable property in thecity of Paris as being $4,250,483.Notwithstanding the fact that underthe new. law,, notes, accounts, mortgages and cash were exempted fromtaxation, the report showed anincrease of $187,043 over thevaluation of last year. Thisamount accrued from the equalization of property valuation.Es a lsaSEE FELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALLSHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.FOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)5i isa jsaCYNTHIANA SUFFERS, TOO!Like many other towns that havesuffered from an overdose of "carnival" companies, Cynthiana registersa kick against their presence in wartimes. Paris has had 'em, too. We,too, have suffered. The CynthianaDemocrat says:"A carnival company has beenspending the week idle in Cynthiana.The carnival came here, as manyhave done before, without previousannouncement or arrangements toput on the show, expecting to inducesome fraternal body or other organization to father it and thus escapepayment of full license, which if demanded by the authorities, as itshould always be, would prevent anyof the carnivals exhibiting here.The local authorities are to be commended for enforcing the law, andthe fraternal bodies are to be commended for refusing to 'fall for' anymore carnivals. This town has hadenough of thejm for all time."Ea &a EaNOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing vervshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(aug23-tf)Eh fe laNEWSPAPER PARAGRAPHERS'WHACKS AT PARIS.Flemingsburg Times - Democrat:"To judge from the number of automishaps reported by THE BOURBONNEWS as happening in and aroundParis last Sunday, it would seem thatbut little attention was paid to therequest for a gasolineless SundayBut generally the request seems tohave been very well complied with."-Cynthiana Democrat: "Under thehead of (marriage licenses 'issued thisweek by County Clerk Pearce Paton 'THE BOURBON NEWS has this one''Walter Rider Nelson and Miss soapand salt.' Maybe instead of taking abride Walter Rider was preparing totake a bath."s fa feI. 0. 0." F. LODGE 0VERSUB-sUKLBiiS ITS QUOTA.Members of Bourbon T.nrfo-n T n0. F.. got a hustle on tliomcoinwhen asked to raise S1.149 nc !?,bon's quota in a campaign for $50,000 endowment fund to- th ciJaLodge. Soliciting committees reported at a recent meeting that theyhad more than raised the necessaryamount. The committee reportedthat a $1,000 Liberty Bond and $3o'oin War Savings Stamps had been donated to the Grand LooVp fn vaplied, om Bourbon county'js quota '. HB. DAILEYTOJ'A EUBE.'(Contributed.)Some time ago I saw a communication 'in THE NEWS, signed "ARube,' 'deploring the need of Parisfor a park for recreational purposes,and arguing against it in rather asarcastic -tfay. Through the non deplume of "A Rube" I saw jmy oldfriend, John Corntassel. Some manhe is. Lives near enough to townto know something about town life,far enough in the country to knowall about that. Raised a family often children, six boys and four girls,and not a dummy in the lot.But, John, look me in the eye whileI tell you something. Things havechanged since yop were a boy, stillmore, since your father was a boy.Those timeswere different when youhad to bring in all the stock at nightinto the stockade around the house,as a guard against Indians, wild catsand other vanmints. Remember thattime when you had the buck aguewhen you watched for a deer allnight, a-nd when the buck passed byjust at the break of day your handshook so that you couldn't hit a barndoor. And Davy Crockett killedkilled eighty bears in one winter,went down into a-n earthquake crackin the dark and let the life out of abear with a Bowie knife, then spentthe rest of the night climbing ahickory tree and sliding down in hisbuckskin breeches to keep warm.Why, even I can remember whenI was a boy at Newport, Ky., howthe lower part of Taylor's Mill Bottom was a forest of all kinds of trees,some of them wonderful for size andbeauty. There I found wild strawberries and caught a ground squirrelwith my hands, and viewed the remains of dead horses torn by bloodymouthed hogs. A little up the streamwas a mill dam that backed the water into every hollow for a long distance around. Ferns fully five feethigh grew there, the lovely ladyfern, Jack-in-the-pulpit, Dutchman'sbreeches, bloodroot, dogwood, pawpaws, filberts and whatnot, while flying squirrels sailed from tree totree, and tree toads, black snakes andbullfrogs made life well worth living. Now, in come "civilization," downgo the trees, the mill pond becomes agulch, the C. & O. buries the dam outof sight. Shall we have nothing inreturn for these lost joys? Shan't wehave a park, where we can have afew trees and flowers and walks, etc.,for our children co 'devlop-health andstrength and beauty in? I hope so.Shame to Paris if we do not.ELEZAR DAILEY.m ?sa EsB-4 FIRE.Insure withIW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsLIGHTNING PLAYS Q.TJEERPRANKS IN SCOTT COUNTYLightning played a freakish prankat the farm of Will Leach, nearGeorgetown, Tuesday, when it struckhis tobacco barn, tore off the shingleson the roof, ran down a post, whichit split in two, singed a portion ofthe tobacco, which four or five menwere unloading, stunned two employes, Marshall Cook, who wasstanding near the post and GeorgeCanahan, so that they were thrownin a heap on the floor, and lifted offthe hat of Claude Dillon. A mulewas thrown violently to the ground.The damage to the property, whichwas not great, is covered by insurance.missFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Ea is faLODGE MEETINGS.The regular meeting of the Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen washeld at the K. of P. Hall, Wednesday night. Several candidates wereinitiated.The Page Rank was conferred ona number of candidates last night atthe meeting of Rathbone Lodge,Knights of Pythias. The work wasput on in good style by the membersof the Degree Team.At the regular meeting of theParis Chapter Order of Eastern Starheld Wednesday night new officerswere elected to serve for the ensuingterm.fa fa SWILL CLOSE SATURDAY, SEPT.7, ER0M 6 TO 6 O'CLOCK.Our store will be closed on Saturday. Sentember 7. from 6 a. m. to 6p. m. on account of that day being aJewish holiday.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-ot)fa fa faSEE PELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)am JWASTES NO WORDS IN WRITINGHIS WILL.The shortest will ever probated inScott county was filed at Georgetown,Wednesday. It was written byClaude Rodgers, who was killed recently in an automobile accident,and reads as follows:"I will to my mother, Mrs. LenaRodgers, all my property."TRIES TO STOP SUNDAY BUSINESS. At Georgetown, warrants weresworn out Wednesday by A. B. Barkley, manager of the Georgetownopera house, for the arrest of Thos.B. McCann and Louis Pava, conTecti oners, on the charge of operatingtheir places of business, on Sunday. Acase is pending against Barkley inthe Circuit Court for nnpninp- ric(moving picture show, on Sunday.FRANK&CQ.LADIES' OUTFITTERSFor Friday andSaturday" 4''Jit: A'AnyMUSLINWASHIn themFRANK & CO.Y. M. C. A. MEN IN CONFERENCEAT CAMP BOONE.Among important subjects to bediscussed .this week at the 26th annual meeting of the officers employedby the various Young Men's Christian Associations in Kentucky will bethat of the great drive of the National War Work Council in November for $100,000,000 for thecomfort and morale of Uncle Sam'swarriors in this country and overseas, both in the Army and Navy.C. A. Tevebaugh, of Louisville,Associate State Secretary, will speakon this subject and will outline theplan of campaign which will becarried into every nook and. corner ofthe State.The conference this week will beheld at Camp Daniel Boone, the bigState Y. M. A. C. recreation centernear Valley View, in Madison county,eight miles up the Kentucky Riverfrom Nicholasville.The officers attending the conference will hear reports from the bigNational Convention of EmployedOfficers held at Springfield, Mass.,last May. The work of the pastyear in Kentucky will be discussedthoroughly and systematically andplans will be made for the comingyear.Many of those attending the conference will be accompanied by theirfamilies. Recreation features willform a prominent part of the week'sprogram.fa fa faLEXINGTON, Oct. 1, The Kentucky Futurity, $14,000.WINCHESTER AFTER SPEEDERSWinchester 'has been makingthings hot for violators of the speeding ordinances. Several arrests havebeen made and the parties heavilyfined in each case. Among thosecaught in the dragnet set by the police was Mr. W. L. Stewart, of Paris,who was charged with "cutting corners" in his machine.The Lexington Business University Doing Much forOur Young PeopleA large number of our prominentyoung people are attending this oldand reliable College under the Presidency of WILBUR M. SMITH.Among those secving fine positions this session nre Miss GertrudeLusk with the L. & N. Railroad A salary S100 per rr-.nth: Miss MadelineAldrich receive $100 per month.Among thore who are attendingthis session are Ellen Towles, Eleanor Lytle. Martha Viley, AllieSquires, Ruth Soper, Hazel Restrick,Theresa Stern, Elizabeth Schwartz,and others.This institution can do most foryou both in education and your success. For particulars, addressWILBUR R. SMITH,Xlt) . Lexirfgton, Ky.a.WAISTHouseHELP WANTEDMan, woman or boy to assist indairy work. Good wages and steadyemployment. Apply at once toMRS. J. U. BOARDMAN,Both Phones 224. Pari- Kv(6-tf) y'WE BUY -OLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to 35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-Avork. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St..Philadelphia. Pa.(ti!129novF)Sale of Furniture!I will sell at auctionSATURDAY, SEPT. 7.at 11 o'clock a. m., in front of thecourt house, 1 Oak Bed and Springs;Chiffonier; Old-fashioned WritingDesk; Sewing Stand; Screen; Picture("The Aurora") in handsome giltframe; Small Stand; Screen.O. L. DAVIS.Public RentingOFBos well Farm!We will rent publicly at the courthouse door, at 2 o'clock, p. m., onSaturday, Sept. 14, 1918,the Boswell farm containing 140acres situated on Paris & Lexingtonpike, 1 miles from Paris, with interurban stop in front of dwelling.To be cultivated as follows:AbOUt 40 acres in rnrn 9 A nnvaam wheat, 9 acres in rye, 17 acres inclover, 7 acres in tipiothy and balance to remain in grass.Contract to be read at time of renting and note to be secured satisfactorily to the undersigned.This is an excellent farm with nicedwelling and" is desirable in everyway.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY.Guardian of Boswell Heirs.(6sep-4t) V "SEPTEMBER 6, 118.--. J-. V -jj -THE BOURBON OTSWS.EMUS, JXFRIDAY,fOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thor-UICHAS.aS.CBRENT & BRO.v (30aug-tf)13 3 SKEW CASH GHOCERY.rve c;tore room on Main street re-'tu Vacated by Mr. C. O. Hintonp elry store, has been leased bym - "George W. Ellis, who will con-trc a cash grocery there in the nearkure-f JEWISH HOLIDAY TO-MORROWTo-morrow (Saturday) will be obeyed by many of the Jewish pier:tant of Paris as a holiday and dayf rect from business activities. Thei the Jewish New Year. Manyvvb merchants will close theiri'ace of business, and attend divinectrwce held in the Maryland Avenue7(.r pie in Lexington.ADJUDGED INSANE.In the County Court a jury sum- red to investigate the mentalc -dition of Miss Jennie Talbott, ofv 'teenth street, adjudged her of unI -J mind. She was taken to therern Kentucky Hospital for theTsne at Lexington for treatment.7" Talbott had been a patient ate lassie Memorial Hospital fort - e time. She is a sister of the lateG - Talbott, and a daughter of Mr.Henrv Talbott, deceased.WlJLW WAR STYLES IN PALL ANDWINTER HATS.jlre most complete stock of advnced styles in fall millinery evershown in Fans, ine new (militarytiects in beautiful material for thev ng and middle-aged women.(6-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Tsi fe isA SPLENDID INVESTMENT : 9 DIVIDENDS AVERAGED 74"" Make a good investment by buyingstock in the People's Building andLean Association, just starting a newseries. We have paid nine dividendso the stockholders averaging IVz percent Can you beat it? Office atPeople's Deposit Bank and TrustCompany. (6sep-tf)COPIES OF NEWS WANTED.Owing to an unusual demand forTHE NEWS our edition of last Tuesday, Sept. 3, was completely existed, only one copy -necessary formpleting our file, being in theoffice. We will appreciate it veryiuch. if anyone having a copy ofTHE NEWS of that date will sendcr bring it to this office.Ea m 3WEATHER CONDITIONS CHANGE.The almost tropic heat that hasheld Kentucky in its grasp for somet.me gave way yesterday to a coolpell, following a heavy downpour ofram. The mercury in the thermometer suffered a relapse from its over-he-topcapers and fell several decrees by noon yesterday. Palm Beachand Koolcloth suits temporarily wentInto retirement, to give way to cloth,ng more suitable to the day, and thehouseholder saw visions of gas heatr and coal fires looming up as alegibility.GAS HEATERS..'ow is the time to have your GasHeater installed let us fix you uplefore the rush comes. We have allzes and kinds. We install them foroj at a nominal cost. The Wheelerkind sae you gas.(6-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.3 ES ISCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO. .To-day, Friday, Sept. 6 Cecil B.DeMilles' "We Can't Have EevryHng." featuring Kathlyn Williams,Elliott Dexter and Thodore Roberts;hird episode of "Hands Up," withRuth Roland and George Chesbro.To-morrow, Saturday, Sept. 7J ne Capiice, in "The CamouflageXss " a Fox Film Comedy, "Her Fa' " Station;" also added attrac'rn, Chas. Chaplin, in "The Tramp."Monday, Sept. 9, at the Alamo af-'onoon-andevening Clara KimballYoung, in "The Death Dance;" alsopa Sunshine Comedy, "Who's YourFathei? At the Paris Grand, Mona night Lyman Howe's Travere and Travel Festival Pictures.. 12? 22 p3NO BETTER INVESTMENT PEOPLE'S B. & L. ASSOCIATIONThe man or woman with a goodsalary every month should be lookingfr a Rafe investment for his or herroontlily savings. No better placettan a few shares in the People'sBuilding and Loan Association, nowHoning a new series office atPeoples' D-jpsit Bank and TrustCompany. ( 6sep-tf )SPAUKS'CIRCUS TO BETO-MORROW.HERE. Snarks' Circus will pitch its tentslL,Paris to-morrow jmorning on theWilson lot on Winchester street,near the Louisville & Nashville pasnger station. The circus will giveuo performances, one in the afternoon at 2:15 o'clock, and the eveningat 7:30.Paris traveling men who haveen this circus pronounce it one ofJne best they bave ever seen, the pertormances heinr nf n rlAfln character,and everything connected with theSHOW hfkiriQ- nf o TiicrV. etonlarfl.So. let joy be unconfined, putaway your care, go to the circus andrenew yoUr youth. Everything goes,ncluding red lemonade, peanuts andpopcorn.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. John Koontz and son, JohnKoo-ntz, Jr., are visiting relatives inCovington.Miss Martha Sinclair, of Lexington is a guest of Miss Louise Boswell, near Paris.Mr. Albert Holliday, of Chicago,a former Parisian, is visiting relatives in this city.Mrs. Moran Honican and babeare guests of her mother, Mrs. Fred.Wheeler, in Winchester.Mrs. C. L. Murphy, of Lexington, is a 'guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. James L. Earlywine.Mrs. Johnson Rogers, of St.Paul, Minn., is the guest of Mrs. C.M. Clay for the winter months.Miss Juliet Risque has returnedto her home in Versailles, after avisit to Miss Carolyn Roseberry.Mrs. Richard Welling has returned from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Henry Huerkamp, in Cynthiana. Mrs. Clarence Plummer andchildren, of Chavies, Ky., are guestsof relatives in Paris and in thecounty.Mrs. A. H. Woodward, of Lexington, and Mr. John Puccini, of Cincinnati, were recent guests of Mrs.W. W. White.Mrs. Charlton Alexander attended the auction sale conducted in Lexington, Wednesday, by Miss Woolfolk, of Linden Walk.Mrs. Martin Doyle has returnedto her home in Paris after a threeweeks' visit to her sister, Miss EllaMaloney, in Lexington.Rev. Aaron Linville and family have returned to their home inSt. Louis, Mo., after a visit to Mr.Wm. Linville, near Paris.Prof. H. B. Southern, vice-presidentof the Lexington Business University, spent several days in Paristhis week in the interest of the University. Mr. Isaac L. Price has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs. C.a. reiier, ana iamiiy, in unicago.Mrs. Teller is improving from a protracted illness.Mrs. Blanch Bramlett and littleson, James, have returned to theirhome at Georgetown, after a verypleasant visit to Mrs. Chailes Sauer,of Seventh Street.Mrs. 'Margaret Sullivan anddaughter, Miss Frances Sullivan, andMr. B. B. Smith, guests of Mr. andMrs. Edward Burke, have returnedto their homes in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. Will Thomas,Mrs. Calla Nichols, Mr. ClarenceThomas and Mr. Buckner Woodfordattended the State Bankers' Convention in Louisville this week.Prof. Prentice Lancaster returned to his school duties in theHarrison, Ohio, Public School Tuesday, after a vacation spent here asguest of his father, Mr. Charles J.Lancaster.Mrs. Martha Golsan, BourbonCounty Home Demonstrator, gave ademonstration-in canning soup mixtures Wednesday afternoon at thehome of Mrs. A. C. Klump, nearRuddles Mills.Misses Rebecca Purnell andMargaret Hill will return to-dayfrom Dayton, Ky., where they havebeen guests of Mr. and Mrs. MalcolmMcGlasson and Mr. and Mrs. JohnK. Spnith and families.Miss Mary Clay Walker, of Paris,was a guest Tuesday evening at adinner-dance given at the LexingtonCountry Club by Mr. Wm. F. Marshall, Jr., in compliment to MissFrances Bell, of Shelby ville, guestof Miss Fannie Summers Tarlton.Mr. and Mrs. Morgan West andchildren, who have been guests ofrelatives in Central Kentucky forseveral weeks, left Tuesday for theirhome in Pueblo, Colo. They were accompanied as far as Louisville byMiss Anna Conway.War conditions, the near approach of the school season, thedearth of young society men, youngwomen devoting their whole time topatriotic war work, Red Cross work,etc., have brought social lite nerepractically to a standstill. No socialevents of any character are on thecalendar.Danville Messenger: "Miss Sallie and Matt Scott left this morningfor Paris, for a visit to their aunt,Mrs. George C. Thompson. They motored to Nicholasville, where theywere joined by their niece, Miss Amelia Scott, who accompanied them toParis Miss Julia Durham will goto Cynthiana to attend Conferenceand later in the week will go toParis Jo visit Mrs. Hinton."Mr. A. B Hancock, of Paris,went to Louisville, Wednesday morning as a member of a committeecomposed of John W. Stoll, CharlesBerryman, Hal Price Headley, L. B.Combs, and himself, from the Kentucky Thoroughbred Horse Association. The committee held an important conference with representatives of the Louisville Chamber ofCommerce and the Rotary Club, re-arding racing in Kentucky tinsMr. and Mrs. Fred Warren leftTuesday for Cincinnati, where theywill reside 4n the future. Mrs. "Warren has for several years been incharge of the box offices at the ParisGrand and The Alamo, while Mr.Warren has been connected with theAdams Express Co.'s local office, andlater with the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad. Mrs. Wan en has been succeeded in the box office of the theatres by Mrs. Jack Owsley. .A visitor in Paris this week wasMr. William Strobridge, of Cinnati, one of the old-time compositorswho have survived the progress ofthe printing trades. Mr. Strobridgewas "holding down a case" on theold Covington Commonwealth, thenowned and edited by Col. Lewis Caseyyears ago. Fellow-workmen on thesame job were George D. Mitchelland Charles D. Webb, of Paris, bothdeceased, and Will Messick, of Cynthiana. This quartet made thingshum in their vicinity. Mr. Strobridge,who is now proof-reader with theWestern Newspaper Union in Cincinnati, had not been in Paris since1878. . '(Other Personals on Page 6)FORMER PARIS HAH LOSES' HISBAGGAGE.Quick work by Lexington policerecovered a valise and other articlesof personal property belonging toMr. Andrew Gorey, of Covington, formerly of Paris, and which were restored to the owner.Mr. Gorey, who is a buyer for theJ. R. Peed Tobacco Co., came to Lexington on business Tuesday. Whilemaking preparations to go out in thecounty he left his valise and otherproperty in an automobile standingin front of the Phoenix Hotel, whilehe went inside. When he returnedthe property was missing. The policewere notified, and in a few hours located the goods in the possession ofa negro named Chas. Bosworth,claiming Danville as his hojme. ' Mr.Gorey identified the property, whichwas turned over to him. Bosworthwas given a hearing in Police Courton a charge of grand larceny, andheld to the grand jury.1 1 feKENTUCKY'S GREAT TROTS,Lexington, Sept. 30 to Oct. 11.1FALL HATS.New fall millinery arriving daily.Exclusive patterns. Something newfor every type and style of young andold. Come in and see the advancedstyles that are moderately pricedsomething to suit all pocket-books.(6-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.fe E3WILL CLOSE SATURDAYOur store will be closed Saturdayfrom 6 a. m. to 6 p. m., on accountof Jewish holiday.L. WOLLSTEIN,(Twin Bros.' Clothing Store.)(3-2t)- fitSlfe 'TEACHERS' SALARIES FIXED.Salaries of teachers of the Bourboncounty schools were fixed for the ensuing school term at a meeting of theBourbon County Board of Education,held at the office of County Superintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, inthe court house, as follows:Teachers for first-class schools,with four years' expeiience, $65 permonth; one year's experience, $55per month; with no experience, $50per month; teachers in second classschools, with two yeais' experience,$65 per month; with one year's experience, $50 per month; with noexperience, $40 per month; emergency teachers, $45 per month; assistant teachers, $45 per month;schools with three or more teachers,$55 per month; principal m schoolswith three teachers, $90 per month;in schools with four or more teachers, $1,000 per annum.Aim BtINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FOUNDA service pin with one star andtwo guns on same. Owner may havepioperty by paying advertisingcharges. (It)Victor RecordsFor September18482. There's a Lump ofSugar Down in Dixie MarionHarris. Story Book Ball BillyMurray. 10-in., list price 85c.18484. When We Meet in theSweet Bye and Bye SterlingTrio. A Rainbow from the U.S. A. Peerless Quartet. 10-in.,list price 85c.18489. Oh, I Hate to Get Upin the Morning. Oh! FrenchyArthur Fields. 10-in., list price85c.18488. Goodbye, MotherMachree Harry Macdonoughand Shannon Four. One For!AU and All For One HelenClark. 10-m., list price 85c.18490. Old-Dan Tucker. TheWhite Cockade Victor MilitaryBand. Price 85c.18491. Green Mountain Volunteers. Speed the Plow Victor Military Band. 10-in., listprice 85c.18477. Oh Lady! Lady! (Medley One-Step). Sinbad (MedleyFox Trot) . Waldorf - AstoriaDance Orchestra. Price 85c.18483. Bluin' the Blues (FoxTrot). Sensation Rag (OneStep). Original Dixieland JazzBand. 10-in., list price 85c.18486. When Alexander TakesHis Ragtime Band to FranceMarion Harris. I'm Gonna PinMy Medal on the Girl I Left BehindPeerless Quartet Price85c.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and MainVICTROLAS, PLAYER PIANOSClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!SpecialSuits, Coatsi Everything in the Stock is Marked1 and SELL QUICKLY. The stockHARRY SIMONAWAAWAWAY FROM YOUR DOOROften ycu think the wolf is away from your doorwhen in reality he is actually in your kitchen !A McDougall ICitchen Cabinetwill guard you against his depredations and secureyour home the utmost in thrift and efficiency.The McDougall is not an ordinary kitchen cabinet, Hut a veritable method ofbetter kitchen management that extends to the' pantry, ice box, stove, etc., evenH to the better utilization orEASY PAYMENT PLANCome and see our special display of McDougall Kitchen Cabinets. One willbe sent to your home onm be purchased on the easyvenient.THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE"EITHERPHONE"m wi mi iu ji iMwrararwiviMwmflMTBWimmwiMiMTinw mmmmmmmmmmmm mReductions on the Following:Dresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearrHosiery, CorsetsOUT ENTIRELY.MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.roods.approval if you wish. Remember, the McDougall- may PR Jjpayment plan.You willMcDougallTHE FIRST KITCHEN CABINETMOTOR INVALID COACH36i ?a j.to SELL, and sellmust be CLOSEDfind the terms most con-UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MA! IN STS..Hvr-friS?wJ1.IA;-31-'4dTHE BOUSBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, lSlf..liaimII I - IIi simALi?5 :mma&'&t ; n iu ' 1 VIi v .- . : j .INVESTIGATEARROWHEAD OIL COMPANYVice PresidentEll M. Brown, Jr.Frankfort, Ky.President rJohn W. RichardsonLexington, Ky.Glenn. U. BrooksSec.-Treas.directorEdwin R. MorrowSomerset, Ky.Only a limited amount of Stock will be sold at par $1.00per share. For full particulars write, wire or telephone.FRANCIS & COMPANYTelephone 726 First and City Bank Bldg. Telephone3825 Lexington, Ky.THE RETIRING FARMERComes a story from various sections of the State that farmers are retiring from active tilling of the soilat a pnuch earlier age than has beentheir custom in bygone years. Mostof them are remaining at the oldhomestead, few are drifting into thevillages.But they are turning over to theirboys the active farm work.And in these localities the reasonis no secret.It is merely an effort to save theirsons from the draft.The public at large will have -noquarrel with the farmer for retiring.Generally it recognizes that in thepast the farmer has been havinghaving rough sledding. And it hasno complaint now that he is finallycoming into his own, appreciatingfully that conditions not of his (making, but of world dictation are putting and keeping prices for his products where they are to-day. It maygrumble a little, but it will pay theprice.For folks generally are prettyliberal minded.But unless the retiring farmerdoes his part in the next LibertyLoan drive, buys Uncle Sam's LibertyBonds in a measure proportionate tohis prosperity, and puts aside alldoubt that he is doing his duty to theutmost, there is likely to be a decisive protest against this automaticimmuning of his sons.For the public has little patiencejust now with slacking or subterfuge. It expects every man to do his dutyby Uncle Sam:Not excepting the farpier.IS 1S TSThe chap who depends on luck hasa mighty fickle friend.Businesses good, thank' you.Almost without exception this maybe said truthfully of anytime..To-day it is no longer a buyer's,v,irfi Tuct thp. reverse. The buverpiua.in.Gi.. -- -is taking what he can gee ana is giaato get it. It is a seller's market ofthe most pronounced sort. And-never has there been a greater de-!,mand at better prices.And this despite the fact thatnearly ten billions of dollars havebeen invested in Liberty Bonds andfour billions more take-n 'from the.public purse by taxation within thelast fiscal year.Never have conditions as a wholebeen better, the country more prosperous. Pessimists a year ago predictedthe worst of dire results as a consequence of'the imperative tremendoussale of Liberty Bonds.But the savings bank deposits haveal,most maintained their normal rateof increase throughout the country,"Now is the time to go over the although people are spending moretop with next year's wheat crop," j money than ever before. And thesays a well-known wheat grower of average man has more of it to spend,this county. He says, "The yield of His earning power in many cases haswheat at threshing time is largely de- doubled.All of which augurs wen lor tnecoming biggest anti-Hun drive ofthem all.Krgi,A3oip;ii3825jOVER THE TOP WITH THEWHEAT CROP1919termined before ever a seed sprouts.The land should be well plowedearly, kept cultivated to conservemoisture and then the very best seedavailable planted. No diseased seedshould ever be planted until properly treated with hot water or formaldehyde to kill smut and other diseases. Wheat must also be well fed.Therefore, haul out all the barn manure that is available. Since manureis low in phosphate acid, the plantfood needed by the wheat plant toproduce the grain, it is wise to use200 to 300 pounds of acid phosphateto the acre if it can be secured.When no manure is used then applya fertilizer analyzing 2 per cent,nitrogen and 8 or 10 per cent, phosphoric acid."IS IS ISSPACE WRITERS' OPPORTUNITY.The local draft boards received abulletin from Captain F. N. Alderson, of the State Military Census andEnrollment Department announcinga call for eighty-two court reportersto be made shortly by Provost Marshal General Crowder.Court reporters are needed foroverseas service and only white registrants from Group C, are to be accepted. They are to be inducted asprivates and in addition to private'spay are to receive 5 cents extra foreach 100 words of matter reported. .Folks no longer hesitate to buyLiberty Bonds.They know they are the safest investment on earth. They know thatback of them stands all the wealthof this country. They know that suchinvestments will not adversely affectfinancial conditions. They knowthat every dollar so invested notonly will stimulate activity, but willinsure the continuance of Americanindependence and speed the day ofworld freedom.Americans are no longer apprehensive of the Liberty Bond.They are for it, strongly.So much so that they're alreadysaving up.j p3 ESGOOD FOR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. Seeing Chamberlain's Tablets advertised I concludedto try them. I improved rapidly."Miss Emma Verbryke, Lima, O.(sept-adv)Ea is isThe secrets of producing dwarftrees in Japan are handed down fromfather to son in a few families andare guarded with scrupulous care.If General Foch will keep on outguessing the Huns the Yanks willkeep on out-fighting them.Of all the medicines in the world,-doctors prescribe calomel most oftenand depend -upon it most universally.There must be a good and. sufficientreason what is it?If you will study the doctor's booksyou will find that the medical authorities prescribe calomel for almostevery disease. The reason is that calomel is the greatest and only thoroughly system purifier. It makes theliver active, drives out the poisonsfrom the stomach, bowels and kidneysand thereby purifies the blood. Calomel puts the entire system in themost favorable condition for Natureto exercise her recuperative power.Your doctor will tell you that drugsmerely assist Nature. That is whyhe prescribes calomel so often.The new kind of calomel, called'"Calotabs," is refined and purifiedfrom all of the nauseating and dangerous qualities of the old style calomel and is rapidly taking its place,for it is more effective than the oldstyle calomel as a liver-cleanser andsystem-purifier. One Calotab at bedtime, with a swallow of water that'sall. No nausea, nor the slightest unpleasantness. Next mornig you awakefeeling fine with a hearty appetitefor breakfast. Eat what you pleasefruits, acids or anything. No restrictions of habit or diet.Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Recommended and guaranteedby druggists everywhere. Your moneyback if you are not delighted.(adv)a a isGEORGIA SAMPSON'S STAKE.iMcCombs Producing & Refing Comp'yFORMERLY McCOMBS OIL COMPANYAn Established Producing, Refining and Dividend Paying CompanyThe management of the McCombs Oil Company, influenced by the concodedly large and stable earningscommon to the rqfining business, and justified by the success that has marked the progress of the company in the producing branch of the business, has entered the field of the refiner.H. A. M0HNEY,Vice PresidentABRAM RENICK, PresidentJ. C McCOMBS,Treasurer andGeneral ManagerB. A. GRUTCHER,Vice President and CounselF. W. DAVIS,SecretaryOil Operator72 PRODUCING WELLS, 17,000 ACRES of LEASESIn Estill, Lee, Wolfe, Morgan, Knott, Allen Counties, Kentucky.1,000 BARREL REFINERYThe company has just purchased from 'the Consolidated Oil Refining Co. their plant No. 2, -at East St.Louis, III. )iU4i&g&fr30 NEW ALL-STEEL TANK CARSHave been purchased under guarantee of delivery for on or before October 1, 1918DIVIDENDS 18 PER ANNUMMonthly dividends of 1J4 pe cent payable on the 10th day of each month to stockholders of recordof the 30th day of the preceding month.THE SUBSTANCE OF THIS EXPANSION IN THE PROPERTIES AND FACILITIES OF THE COMPANY IS A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN TOTAL VALUE OF THE COMPANY'S HOLDINGS WITHRESULTING GREATER AND STABIUCQ EARNING POWER. THIS WILL BE REFLECTED IN ANINCREASED MARKET PRICE OF STOCK.!&&After September IS, 1918Stock is Advanced to $2.00 Per SharePRESENT PRICE $1.50 PER SHARE.PAR VALUE $1.00 PER SHARE.".& 1 i FffWKMm'if t ff TWfT ff raa MHgMwwMi mm mesfvmmiimmriMMM, f frig y '' --:'' 1 'MJfMMJlWaiMigfc qiMfe vwSEYEN DRILLINS RIGS NOW 0PERATIH6 WITHIN PAST TWO WEEKS WEUS NOS. 70, 71 and 72have been brought in at a production in excess of 75 barrels per day each.Full Information on Request1909-12 INTER-SOUTHERN BUILDING.ABRAM RENICK, PresidentLOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY.There are five children in thefamily of Georgia Sampson, whowashes clothes and windows andfloors, to earn a living for herselfand the five and to make life rosierfor her patrons.There is no one to help with theliving because Jim, Georgia's aimiable husband, saw fit to wander too farinto the turbulent stream which appealed to his sportsman instinctsand it carried him off his feet.While she was hanging out a linefull of snowy-white, wet clothes theother day, her employer was helpingher and getting the ever presentvalue of Georgia's conservation atthe same time, and the question ofhousehold expenses arose."It takes right smart lot ofhustlin' now," Georgia commentedthrough the clothespins in her mouth,"to do everything that's gotta bedone. What with payin' for my Liberty Bonds and buyin' what wegotta eat, it keeps me sure husy.""That's splendid of you to buy abond," her companion said. "I knowthat it must be a good deal for youto try.""Lawsy me!" she exclaimed. "Igot more'n one, and I'm goin' to takeanother this time. Course, you see, Igotta take more'n some people on account of havin' more children.""On account of having more children? I should think they would bean excuse for you not to take any."Georgia stopped hanging petticoats and planted her hands on herhips."Why, Mrs. Lewis, I'm surprised.You know what would happen toour children, don't you, if Uncle Samdidn't win this war? Lawsy, itwouldn't hurt me so much, 'cept myfeelin's of course, 'cause I won't behere so awful long anyway. But mychildren! I just wouldn't want toleave 'em on this earth at all, if thatthere Kaiser won. I should thinkeveryone would feel the same. Surethey do. Well then the more children I got, don't that mean the moreI ought to give to help win the war?I got five of my own flesh and bloodat stake in this war, even if theyare too young to fight in it. I guessthat means I'm goin to give everything I can to Uncle Sam, so he'll winit for 'em, don't it?"ft IS E3WHAT IS AP0ILU?(Ernest Mimnet in the Atlantic)A humble man, who, one July afternoon in 1914, left at two hours'notice his Parisian shop or workshop,or his ripe wheat fields, or his ripening vines, for a military depot hehad never liked and had . managedto tolerate only because of soldiering,and all things soldierly, are lovableto the Frenchman, and take on haloLin his imagination; was packed tothe Belgian frontier; made the acquaintance of danger under all itsforms; fought; hungered hungeredand thirsted for days; knew thei trenches when they were in theircrudest novelty and were worse thanthe badger's hole; got wounded, andlay for hours; sometimes days, wherehe had fallen, or crawled miles to ahurried surgeon, and to the tortur-jing goods trucks pompously labeled .sanitary trains; got well, and wentback to the depot, and then back tothe front and to fighting or bejingshelled ; and so an during four years, jwith the ever-disappearing certaintythat "next winter must be the last," jor that the imminent coming in of 'this or that nation must bring theend.IS 1In one of the largest British muni-firm factories where 35.000 workers "TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come income in and see what this littleAjvonder is doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant Sti.IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECT TO THESugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTON'4f -Minimum Shipping RateQuick ReturnsTop Market PricesTVJAAug ZO-Stare employed, more than 33,000 are-tVOTTlpfl. ' . ' fV '" Awomen.' Jti Ait ?;."s-v'VFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1918.- t"THE BOUEBOH MEWS, PAW9, KEHTgCKY.PAGE SETTSiMineral Discovered In,Mississippi Has ProducedAstonishing ResultsBy It Use Vitality is Restored Rheumatic Pains and KidTrouble Relieved After a Few DosesIn every case where a physician hasprescribed this wonderful iron tonic,or when a sufferer has heard of itthrough a friendor newspaper article, that person's conditionhas been greatlyimproved after afew doses.A certain grocer (name andaddress on request), of Richmond, to use hisown words,;"Could hardlyattend to business because ofthe pains in myback . and limbs.I always experienced a worn-outand broken downfeeling, due, Ibelieve to kidneytrouble and ad-irE5CBiSlaT4iiif.B aLBMineral nraconomip BBvanced age, as I am sixty-eight yearsold. However, to make a long storyof suffering short, I heard of the wonderful iron tonic A-I-M (Acid IronMineral), and decided to try it. Soastonishing were the results that Iam now well and hearty, eat anything I wish, sleep well, and myweight has been increased twentytwo pounds in six (month's time, Ionly wish that other sufferers knewthe benefit to be derived from A-I-M."For building up weak, nervous,run-down people, Acid Iron Mineralis, undoubtedly, the best iron preparation known to the medical fraternity. It is powerful in iron, thegreatest blood purifier and strengthener known. Taken as prescribed, itbuilds up the body as nothing elsecan.Acid Iron Mineral is on sale atBrooks & Snapp's drugstore, or willbe mailed you direct by the Ferro-dine Chemical Company, Roanoke,Va., 50c and $1.00 bottles.(adv)BTJSniESS!&BJUSTmG2lTSELF -TOTHE WAE STEAIN.GERMAN VIEW OF CHRISTIANITYFrederick Wilhelm Nietzche wasone of the most noted of (modern German philosophers. How much has hisphilosophy affected the views andcharacter of the Germans of to-day?Is not the answer written in theblood of the wopien and children, theold men of occupied France and Belgium? Are not the Lusitania victimswitnesses to German adoption ofNietzeche's faith?Here is his indictment of Christianity: "With this I conclude, and pronounce my sentence: I condemnProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402ETRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Earj Nose and ThroatROOMS -403-404mST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSChristianity. To pie it is the greatest of all imaginable corruptions.The church is the great parasite;with its anemic idea of holiness itdrains life of all its strength, its loveand its hope. The other world is themotive for the denial of every reality. I call Christianity the one greatcurse, the one great intrinsic depravity, the one great instinct of revenge,for which no expedient is sufficientlypoisonous, secret, underhand, to gainits ends. I call it the one immortalshame and blemish upon the humanrace."Ea pa ischamebrlAin's cough;REMEDY.One of the most interesting andimportant developments in the United States at the present time is themanner in which commerce and industry are gradually adjusting andtensing themselves under the fullload of the war strain; curtailingactivities here, speeding up there,and reaching out to some points, under the pressure of new needs, tocreate entire new industries. In industry the resources of the UnitedStates are being searched as neverbefore to meet the new demands, andmineral wealth which has alwaysbeen there against the time of need,but never before called upon, is being developed, while in commercenew processes, new economics andnew efficiency, involving no newdiscoveries, but latent possibilitiesin time of peace, are being permanently added to the wealth of thenation under the pressure of unprecedented demand. 'The whole process is too vast andvaried to be seen clearly at onetime, but there are several meansby which occasional glimpses can begained. One of these is by the reports of the department of the interior on the mineral resources ofthe United States, which continuallydescribe the devolpment of new mining activities in metals and chemicals, whose deposits have beenknown for years, but whose possibilities had not been fully recognized.Another is in the pages of the-varioustechnical journals, in which,every week, there is at least onestory of a new commercial or industrial idea which has been added toto the national machinery.This is not only one' of the bestand most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important when a medicinemust be given to young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in "use for many years and hasmet 'with much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruby, Chillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)To convert an ordinary bicycle intoa motorcyle a motor-driven wheelto replace its front wheel has beenpatented.f n The &msF'aCommunication ArmyA bird's-eye view of the country todaywould show a mighty panorama of military and industrial activities.Radiating from the National Capitoland from the army and navy centersthroughout the land would appear the thousandsof telephone lines hy which all these vast enterprises are directed and co-ordinated a veritablemaze of wires linking together the camps, yards,fortifications, plants and offices, and swarmingwith linemen, cablemen and installers, busy withUncle Sam's existing and ever-increasing demandsfor telephone service.All this is but a part of the vast work whichthe Bell system is doing, but among the unforeseen conditions which the war has imposed uponus is the necessity of practically suspending thecommercial development of our bugineis.Confronted with an abnormal increase in theuse of the, telephone and an unprecedenteddemandfor new and additional service, we" cannot acceptor fill, ordett except subject practically .to an Jndefinite adelay. TTtfe situatiorf is due to the Importance rf conserving our supplies so that thegovernmenre requirement may be promptly metat any-time a request is made.At a time like this, we believe -the public willappreciate a frank statement of the situation andwfif Join us In our efforts to serve the governmentnrlt and efficiently.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedProbf that Some Womendo Avoid OperationsMrs. Etta Dorion, of Ogdensburg, Wis., says:"I suffered from female troubles which caused piercirig painslike a knife through my back and sfde. I finally iost all niystrength so I had to go to bed. The doctor advised an operationbut I would not listen to it. I thought of what I had read aboutLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and tried it. The firstbottle brought great relief and six bottles have entirely cured me.All women who have female trouble of any kind should tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."$How Mrs. Boyd Avoided an Operation.Canton. Ohio. "I suffered from a female trouble whichcaused me much suffering, and two doctors decided thatI would have to go through an operation before Xcouldget wen."My mother, who had been helped by .Lyaia E.Pmklam'sVegetable Compound, advised me to try it be- im.hamfore submitting to an operation. It relieved, me frommy urouDies so i can ao my nouse worn witnoux anydifliculty . 1 advise any woman who is afllicted withfemale troubles to give liydiaE. Pinkham's Vege-xaDie uompouna a trial ana il win ao as mucufor them." Mrs. marie 'Boyd, 1421 5th St.,N. E., Canton, Ohio.Every Sick Woman ShrfgavAiriYetL..sT4 1.-. ck-FERTILIZER SITUATIONLYDIA E. PINKHAM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDBefore Submitting To An Operatio:IYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. IYNN.MASS.LIBERTY LOAN INTEREST RATEThe Food Administration throughthe State Council of National Defense is endavoring to increase thewheat acreage of Kentucky duringthe coming year. The likelihood ofincreasing the wheat acreage morethan 5 to 7 is uncertain and anincrease of total production, therefore, depends quite materially uponincreased production per acre.In this connection farmers will re-j quire immense quantities of fertilizer of the phosphate variety suitable for increasing the yield ofwheat. The fertilizer situation atthe present time is such that farmers should not delay in placing theirorders with manufacturers or manufacturers' agents for the earliestshipment of. fall fertilizer. ,Available supplies of fertilizer carried over last year are very smalland for that reason manufacturerswill be dependent almost entirelyupon this year's production for the .filling of fall orders. Those whogive in their orders early will havethe best chance to secure well curedfertilizers and avoid the unsatisfactory handling qualities of newlymanufactured goods. Orders for fertilizer should be made up in carloadlots wherever possible, the minimumsize cars being 33, 44 and 66 tons.Owing to the high price of materialfor making cotton and burlap bagsthe Department of Agriculture suggests that fertilizer be shipped in200 lb. bags in order to conservematerial. Not only are burlap bagsscarce, but the jute from which theyare made is imported from India andthe shortage of ships has materiallyinterferred with the supply. A greatshortage of ships has materially interferred with the supply. A greatshortage of burlap would severelyhandicap the movement of fertilizerto the farm since the need of foodcontainers would receive first consideration. Knowing these facts every patriotic farmer will gladly co-operate byusing larger bags." Some fertilizers not containingacids, such as basic phosphate can behandled in bulk, and this usually results in saving two to four dollarsper ton. This method can be followed where farmers have cars shipped to a club or group and can arrange to call for the fertilizer withtheir own containers.TO B TSiTHE BATTLE AGAINST HUNGER.Secretary McAdoo has definitelyannounced that the Fourth LibertyLoan bonds will bear 4& per cent,interest.The Secretary has been insistentthat the Government interest rateshould be stabilized at 4 per cent.He points out that a raise in the rateof interest of only one-fourth of 1 percent on $10,000,000,000 of Government bonds would mean an annualincrease of $25,000,000 in interestcharges, and th'at this money wouldhave to be raised by increased taxa-tion and paid by the people of thecountry. It would not be paid byone class only, because there are consumption as well as other kinds oftaxes, and the consumption taxesreach every class of people."As an intelligent people," saidSecretary McAdoo during the ThirdLiberty Loan campaign, "we shouldnow make a stand for the financingof. our Geyernment during the periodof this war at a stabilized rate of interest, say at 44 per cent. .per annum, so that all business and all investments may be adjusted to thatbasis, and so that we ourselves mayprotect ourselves against successivelyincreased rates of interest on Government loans."Neither our patriotism nor oursupport of the Liberty Loans aremeasured in fractions of per cent.TO TO FaTO TO TO"Starvation has killed 4,750,000people since the outbreak of the war250,000 more than have died onthe battlefields. It is the farmer'sspecial task to hold the line againsthunger and starvation, a task thatcalls for our fullest measure of courage and devotion," says the PrarieFarmer. This means the growing ofthe largest possible number of bushels of wheat next year. Now is thetime to determine next years' harvest.Next year's crop will depend uponhow well the ground is prepared,good seed , free of, disease used andproperly fertilized with manure andcommercial fertilizer.One wag says the trouble with. theHouse of Representatives is that ithas a very small Kitchen..Kansas City has' decided to renameone of its principal streets in thonofpf eneralJErshing.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward is offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)frBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENT .RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrains WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Kentucky State FairLouisville - September 9-14SEPTEMBER 8GRAND SUNDAY PRELIMINARY PROGRAMThavflu's Band of 40 World Famod SoloistsChorus of 300 VotcssTwo Flights by Ruth Law78,000.00 Total Premiums 7l,m.0t$15,000.00 Beef Cattle Show Saddle HorM StaM VlOtMMO110,00000 Fatted and Feeding Cattle Show HOylt&OORUTH LAW AUTO FOLO AUTOMOatfLI RACKSAeriar Queen Sport Thriller- World's Craetc DriversDe Luxe Hippodrome Show Magnificent Mlday Special R. -R. RatesSend for Catalogue Peunt T. Krenw, Seey604 Republic Building, Louisville, Ky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t 13 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes' thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone,brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY GLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692: a9BK a"a 1 T aTa aTaK a W " a a a a : a a a a a a a a aHBSGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KiIHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District H&nagerW. H. CAU1KHI,local MuutcerThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Wht!ti-4'Sfrv?c;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TOIDA.Y, SEITEM3i& I, 1918.WLQEHGHT'. -, Vi ?' I..Cff,-.?.iHHiiiiiiiiimu-Mniiimmiiiiiiiium"!CoJf'THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOAttractions15-I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Main-and SixthStreetsDay phonc'36'Nlsnt s ... 5eor Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with;X Umousine Invalid Coach.T. Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourFMBaaTaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiHiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaB'"'SBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaYa'oI'TO-DAY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 6. JesseL Lasky PresentsCecil B. DeMille'sProduction"We Can'tHave Everything"From the popular novel by Rupert Hughes.Featuring Kathlyn Williams Elliott , Dexter and Theodore Roberts'.,. Second Episode of "Hands Up"with Ruth Roland and George Chesebro.SATURDAYSEMTEMBER1William Fox PresentsJUNE CAPRICEIN'The CamouflageA romance of a twentieth century girl.Also a Foxf ilm Comedy'HER FATHER'S STATION5ADDED ATTRACTIONCharley Chaplin The Tramp'MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9At The Alamo Afternoonand EveningSelect Pictures Corporation PresentsOarat Kimball YoungIN"The Death Dance"Also a Fox Sunshin? Comedy"WHO'S YOUR FATHER?"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.glim : it n'H"H"M"i if'i'i"i"i"M"i' !IS$ ' have not registered will be calledMTT T "PUGTiTTPP '. upon in their homes.JUJXiijjru)DuriVj Mrs Ben Wood continues veryill.Labor Day was observed here bythe closing of the banks and postoffice. Mrs. 0. W. Ingels returned Monday after a week's sojourn at Swango3vlrs. Mary L. Huffman is visit""SMg lier; son, Richard Huffman, at Ft.SEt, Oklahoma.y --IVIr. W. A. Butler and family Springssmxe , spending ten days at jraoIn3Lard Springs.-r.-T-Mr. J. G. Allen, Jr., will leave" jpff onday for Washington and Lee Uni--rmmitv. at. T,Aviffton Va.--Mr. L. T. Vimont, of Newport, nie Miller, of Paris, were guests re-rrr-stT-rfvAd Tuesdav as the eriiest of his . j. irxia. Aucua iuiuci, u iue-Mrs. Kate Clark, of Dayton, 0.,is a guest of her aunt, Mrs. OscarJohnson.Mr. Oscar Miller and Miss Nan-su39ker, Mrs. Martha Vimont.SKr, S. S. Roache, Jr., left Satrxr5ay for the Virginia MilitarySchool, which opened Monday.. Mrs. Adron Chanslor has return-from Helena, where she attendedj home of Mrs. C. W. Corrington.K3 WCOAL HEATERS.Let us fix you up with one of thosegood coal heaters we now have onke funeral of her sister. Miss Pal- our noors. They are hard to get andMr. A. H. Smedley . returned ! They save 'coal and give plenty ofDEATHS..LYDICK.Paris and Bourbon county people well remejmber Mr. A. W. Lydick,the well-known auctioneer, . whosedeath -occurred at his home in Cynthiana last Sunday afternoonafter along illness due to the infirmities ofage. Mr. Lydick had lived a longand useful life, and was highly respected by all who knew him. Inhis capacity as auctioneer he was afrequent attendant at the court daysin Paris, and was personally .knownto all the prominent stockmen of hisday.He was a native of this county,having been born near Ruddles, Millson June 11, 1836. He was the' sonof the late Jacob and Mary Lydick.He is survived by two sons, Clifton S.Lydick, of Stroud, Okla., and Wm. L.Lydick, of Cynthiana, and ' threeda.ucrht.ers. Mrs. Meddle Cook, ofnBardstown, Ky., Mrs. Lena Ammer-man, of Chicago, and Mrs. HarryVan Deren, of Cynthiana. .tThe funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon at three o'clock, at tlie residence of his son-in-law, Mr. 'HarryVan Deren, in Cynthiana, with; services conducted by Rev. J. D. Armistead, pastor of the Cynthiana Christian church. The burial followed onthe family lot in Battle Grove Cemeter. 'Jer.TMoK&sy after a several weeks' visit."bls sister, Mrs. Porester, at Chi-, -111.Ttev. Jos. Myers, pastor of theHChristian ichurch, has returned from;'Pissi spent with his parents inprawfordsville,. Ind.. Born, on Sunday, to the wife of?"Mt. G?orge Ludenburg a daughter,.VcSri&tsned Mary Allie Elizabeth,-weight "8 pounds.,t-z3?OR RENT. My home on Mainstreet-. -"For further particulars call- vtjoxxr "address Mrs, Ma,ttie Purnell,adlbms; Ky. (6-2t)-S$m "Presbyterian congregationeniered a call last Sunday to Rev.T7. WV .Morton, of Georgiaw51i be acceptedheat. Let us show you.(6-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.151 fe 125RELIGIOUS.. r-Irs.auehter. Mrs. Lena Wright, ofSimpsonville, arrived Tuesday as35U5Bts- of Mrs. M. D. Hurst.flr. and Mrs. Alex Hawes left: - ..fbr'iheir liome at Chicago, 111., MontT1" ijy? -afterspending a few weeks withVa cOfetr'rhother,1Mrs. Mattie Hawes.-'irn.Ebeiiezer Presbytery of the- SoutheriT'Presbyterian church willcsnyene here next Wednesday night,v.,dnivwill continue over Thursday.RIt. J. B." "Vimont returned Monday "alter a three-months' sojourn atCnfe Orchard p Springs, where heerre& as sujtnmer clerk at the hotel.3r. C. C. Fisher, Rev. J. D. Redd,7TKer-,J..W. Gardner and others ther attending the annual Conference ofrZiiQaB Ji:;E. Churcn, South, now in sesf' raion at Cynthiana.Mf. Roy " Miller Sandifer, of" -3otge town;" has arrived here to ma-"fancculate' at the Millersburg Military' institute.' He is a son of a formerife&iaeat-at the Millersburg College.-3VIessrs. David Arthur and T. K.Snnth were given the entered appren' ''tice degree in Amity Lodge No. 40," "3P. and A. M., Tuesday evening. The- wedk was done by Mr. R. C. Borner.Mr. 0. M. Adams and Mr. R. L.-'' Buifington, who have been guests, in"the home of Dr. W. M. Miller for thest week, left Sunday for their"nomes at Sandersville, Ga., and Co-dTB&rus; O." "Miss Irene and Master George-Jeffreys returned to their home at- 3iexington, Thursday, after a several--xl- yisit to their aunt, Mrs. R. M."Caldwell: They were accompaniedlome by their little cousin, Miss' -AKoe Courtney.-PUBLIC SALE. Harris &Speakes will sell at Public Auction-Tot Miss Nannie Louise Best on theprepaises, Saturday, September 28th,sat 2:30 p. m., her 3 desirable pieces- -of "property located on Main Street," -in Millersburg, Ky. This property iscentrally located and a splendid in-- -restment. "Will be sold separatelyThe Wpmen's Society of the Christian church will meet at the RedCross rooms in the court house nextTuesday for an all-day sewing. Allthe members are urged to be in attendance. The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet SundayThe call ; night in the parlors of the church at6:30 o'clock. Subject, "TrainingHunter Mclntyre and Conscience and Training by Conscience." Leader, Robert Rose.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday evening at 6:45. The subject is "Training Conscience andTrained by Conscience."The hour for holding the evening services at the Christian churchon Sunday has been changed to 7:30o'clock, to take effect next Sunday.Members of the congregation areasked to make a mental note of thisand be on time.An invitation to attend a specialmeeting of the Epworth LeagueChapter of the Cynthiana Methodistchurch at Cynthiana next Sundaynight has been extended to the members of the Epworth League of theParis Methodist church.M.iss Frances Hancock will beleader at the meeting of the YoungPeoples' Missionary Society of theMethodist church, which will beheld at the home of Mrs. S. T. Chip-ley, on Main street, this, (Friday)afternoon, at 7:30 o'clock.Rev. p. M Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,is conducting a protracted meetingat Orangeburg, Ky. The meeting willcontinue for three weeks DuringRev. Tinder's absence his pulpit atNorth Middletown will be filled byGev. George Farley, of Georgetown.The death of Mr.. Bishop Batterton, of Paris, while in the Marineservice with the American Expeditionary Force in France, adds another najme to the Honor Roll of theParis Christian church. This willbe the first gold star to be placed 6nthe service flag of the church.The annual State Convention ofthe Christian church will be held inRichmond, Sept. 30 to Oct. 3. Thevarious missionary, benevolent and(educational enterprises of the churchwill be represented by prominentspeakers. A special feature of themeeting will be the jmusic, whichwin De under the direction of Mr.ad then as a whole, best bid or bids a. L. Boatrightj chorister of theaccepted.' ;10-13-17-20)The C. W. B. M. and MissionarySociety of the Christian church held- n, all-day meeting -at the church" Wednesday. A good program was- rendered. The meeting was address" -d by Mrs. Campbell, of Lexington,nd:lCrs. Armstrong, of Georgetown.A delightful lunch was served atjr jpoon." The -vork of registering women-ot Millersburg by the Council of National Defense is in progress. Then '-wotk, is under the direction of Mrs.xCSark Bascppa, chairman, assisted by: "Mies Bessie P.uraell. HeadquartersJkt6 ben established in the lobby ofMajefetic Theatre. Tnoee wnoParis Christian church.The Mission Band of the Christian church, will meet next Sundayafternoon in the church parlors. Asthis will be the last meeting of themissionary year before the StateConvention, a full attendance of themembers is urgently requested, inorder that all dues may be collectedand the year's business settled up.In the spring each member of theMission Band was given a certainnumber of potatoes to plant, theproceeds to be given to the treasuryof the Band. Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, Superintendent, requests thatall potatoes thus produced be reported to her by Saturday precedingthe meeting. t ,MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedTuesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Claude D.Mann and Miss Lorena Collins, bothof this city. - im IKENTUCKY CONFEDERATES TOMEET AT STATE FAIR. 0 "With the announcement of a meeting of the Kentucky division ft. C.V. for September 12 at the' StateFair at Louisville was 'made the announcement that the veterans wouldbe ad(mitted free to the fair September 9, to 14. The official announcement follows:"Frankfort, Ky."Attention Confederates:"The Kentucky Division, .IT. C.V., will meet at II o'clock a. m.,September 12, 1918, on the StateFair grounds at Louisville. Electionof division and brigade commanderswill take place, and any other business transacted that may be necessary at that time. All members ofthe organization are urged to attend."The division Is invited to .holdthis meeting at the above namedtime and place by the State Secretaryof Agriculture, Hon. Mat. S. Cohen,and by his order your uniform, .Confederate button, or camp badge, willadmit .you free to the fair groundsevery day of the fair from the ninthto the fourteenth of September, inclusive. "W. J. STONE,"Maj. Gen. Commanding KentuckyDivision, U. C. V."W. A. Milton, Colonel and Chief ofStaff."'Ji-j Ju gjSTANDARDIZED ARMS GIVE USADVANTAGETwenty-eight different models ofpistols and revolvers, requiring cartridges of four different sizes, are inuse in the German Army, accordingto the Army "Verordnungsbatt." TheAmerican troops have -one modelpistol and one model revolver, 'bothshooting the same caliber ammunition. Standardization gives theAmericans an advantage in this regard. The United States also has standardized its rifte. Both the model1917 and the Springfield shoot thesame caliber ammunition. Army,Navy and Marine Corps use the samerifle' and revolvers.TREASURER ANNOUNCES THESTATE FUNDS ON HAND.State Auditor Greene on Wednesday announced the amounts on handin the different funds of the Stategovernment as of September 1. Theyfollow: General expense fund $715,513,33; school fund $29,5,822.27;sinking fund $11,141.41; State University fund $4,082.20; road fund$32,158.10; Eastern Kentucky Normal School $1,457.93; Western Kentucky Normal School $6,530,69;balance in Treasury $1,"066,723.93.The outsanding interest-bearing.warrants amount to .$4.&24ft22.2$as compared to $4,914,100728.STOCK, CROP, ETC.-pAt 'their stock barns on SouthMaiit- street, Monday, Caywood &McClintock sold over 300 breedingewes to Bourbon county farmers at!$18.50 per head.TWO BOURBON FARMS HAVEUNIQUE DISTINCTIONMt. Sterling Advocate: "Mr. J.M. Hutsell bought two fine jacksfrom Mr. Jesse Turney, of . Bourbonprmntv TVTrmdnv "Rrwtfi aro ronr finaanimals and brought exceedingly nd.thejc ar onIJ 5boJJt I;1? a?afav nr,-pfle Tuv tTi i Bothare bounded by the L. & N.Investigators digging into localconditions in Bourbon have unearthed the remarkable, fact that there isin the county two farms that are,as far as land boundaries are concerned, practically isolated. Thesefarms are those owned respectively by Mr. W. F. Turner, near Paris,and one of about one hundred acresbelonging to Mr. B. B. Marsh, onthe Peacock pike. Neither farm. isjoined by any other body of land,rancy prices. Mr. Hutsell is perhaps the owner of more jacks thanany stockbreeder in Montgomerycounty."The Farmers' Home Journal'sspecial correspondence has the following in regard to the tobacco cropin this county:"Three weeks of hot weather hada telljtag effect on tobacco in Bourbon county. Hot days and hot nightsblistered the late tobacco and thedamage so far will mount into thethousands of dollars. Much tobaccois being cut before ripening in orderto escape firing. The greater part ofthe county will have good corn andtobacco because it was planted earlyand when the heavy July rains camesufficient (moisture was stored up tocomplete maturity. There are fieldsof tobacco as good as have been produced in years, others are fair togood, while the late planted tobaccois drying up In the fields."The great bulk of the poultry andegg consumption each year in America is the praduct of poultry frocks'managed by woinen.byrailroad, by Stoner Creek and by thePeacock turnpike. There are no othed farms in the county so situatedas far as can be learned, and they remain alone in their unique distinction. ?S S3 1OUR KASH!The Mt. Olivet Democrat says ofa well-known Paris citizen:"Kash Crow of Paris, brought twowagonloads of watermelons fromCharleston Bottoms into Mt. Olivetlast last evening and soon had an interested crowd around the wagons.The melons went like hot cakes, atprices ranging from 25c to 75c."HELP! HET.PtWeeds and a rank growth of grasson Third street near the L. & N.railroad tracks have attained such aheight and density that the street approaches are almost lost. On a darknight it is almost impossible to findthe pavement on the right going outThird street to Vine. Help, please!Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap 5cGoblin Soap . 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box 6cGas Globes, still 1 0cShinola Shoe Polish 1 0cDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPost Cards, comics, 8 for 5 cYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash StoreClosed Saturday Until 6 P. M. OnAccount of Jewish HolidayToday and Saturday EveningSpecialBargainsIn the Latest and Most Beautiful Selections ofMen's, Women's and Children'sFALL FOOTWEARSWrf'X-iLvefifybti-Just a Few of the Many SpecialsTan English djf aj?Ladies' MahoganyBootsLadies MahoganyBoots, cloth topLadies Black English Boots, lowmilitary heel - .,. -.Ladies Patent Kid, button, lowheel, best makeTan...EngU.8.h.$5.50$3.49$1.99Men's Tanand Beacon.English Walk-OverMen's GunEnglish ....Metal Walk-Over,Men's and Boys E. J. Best Wearing ShoesBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoesat .'$5.00$3.49$4.00$3.49Absolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of CostPriceBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign- -JiParis' Greatest Shoe Store