4& fNEWS"THFBOURBONr"JSfPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918iwpwwBywBBmSt,EORMER JUSTICE DeJARNETTDEES BY OWN HAND.The body of Mr. Joseph. B. DeJarnett, former member of the BourT80ii County Fiscal Court, and prominent farmer, was found on the floorat his home near Hutchison yesterday morning. Life had been extinctseveral hours.Coroner Rudolph Davis was summoned, and upon arrival began aninvestigation. Mr. Davis .found thebody in the same position as whenfirst discovered, lying stretched outat full length, with one hand closeto his head, in which was a bulletwound. By his side was a 22-cali-berrepeating rifle, from which thebullet that caused death had beenfired. The testimony of several persons -near the place, developed thata boy from the grocery store atKenney Station went to the home todeliver some goods, failing to get aresponse to his repeated knock, returned and summoned help, amongothers being Mr. DeJarnett's nephew, Mr. Wm. B. Ardery. Upon entering the house they found Mr. DeJarnett's dead body on the Jloor.His wife had been at the home ofher mother, Mrs. Adair, who wasvery ill, and Mr. DeJarnett wasalone at the time he took his ownlife.There was nothing to indicate areason for the rash act. The supposition was that Mr. DeJarnett committed the deed in a moment of despondency. He had been in a Lexington sanitarium under medicaltreatment some time, and quite recently, while a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in Paris, leftthat institution while the nurse's attention was withdrawn and madeliis way to the city, returning shortly of his own volition. After hearing the testimony Coroner' Davis decided-an inquest unnecessary.Mr. DeJarnette is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly Miss Nettie Adair, two children, Mr: Graliam DeJarnette, who resides at the"home on the Bethlehem pike, and"IVIr. Joseph R. DeJarnette, of Spencer county, and one brother, Benj.P. DeJarnette, of MissouriThe funeral arrangements hadnot been completed last night, awaiting response to a telegram to MrDeJarnettc's brother, in Missouri.g to to yPUBLIC SALE TO-DAY.The Withers -Davis property, onPleasant street near Tenth, will beold at public sale this afternoon attwo o'clock.ft ft ftHORRIBLE STORIES TOLD OFGERMAN, ATROCITIES.German atrocities have been minimized one hundred times wherethey - have been magnified " once,-members of the Republican Clubwere told in New York by CaptainA. P. Simmons, a United States 'military observer in Germany duringthe mobilization, having been attached to the American embassy inBerlin. ""'"Don't let any one tell you that-German atrocities are merely fiction," Captain Simmons declared"'One of the most gruesome sights T-ever saw was the impaling of bahie.'on the ends of German bayonets andtheir return to frantic mothers. Ifyou knew the horrors that patient,suffering little Belgium has beenthrough your blood would freeze inyour veins."We've got to sacrifice till theskin is worn down to the bones ofour hands. The dragon is just outside our gate. We will T?ay, but notin the way Germany wants us topay."'sa ft ft-5HIS FAMILY FLAG HOLDS TENSTARS.John White, of Cedar, Mich., hasa service flag of ten stars representing members of his family in warservice. One son in the Canadianforces lost an arm in France; fivegrandsons are in the United Statesnavy; one grandson is with theAmerican engineers in France; twograndsons are now in training, andone grandson in the aviation corps.All volunteered. The son who lostan arm re-enlisted as foreman inthe forestry service.SALESMEN WANTED." Lubricating oil, grease, specialties, paint Part or whole time.Commission basis until ability is established. Man with rig perferred.RIVERSIDE REFINING COMPANY.Cleveland Ohio.NEW CREAMERY.The large store room on TenthjPv 4, street, wned by Mr. George W. StuJpAJt -art, and recently occupied as arestaurant by Adam Davis, nas Deenleased by Mr. T. Z. Zimmer, of Cincinnati. The building will be occupied as 3 receiving department for aCincinnati creamery, concern aboutFebruary 1. vEXAMINATION OF D HAP TEDMEN TO BEGIN TO-DAY.Physical examination of the men 'WflO Will DC CillltJUL II UIU UUUI-bon county to the army servicein Class A-l, under the selectivewho will be called from Bour-draft order, will begin to-day.Sivtv mp will nnderero the ex-.lamination to-day before the Bour-bon County Exemption Board, com-', with rapid nreworKS in passing tne Twenty ooys irom tne isortn miuposed of Chairman Chas. A. McMil-jball up the floor and accurate goal ' dletown neighborhood are now inIan, County Clerk Pearce Paton and i shooting until they had flung the the U. S. service in the army andthe examining physician, Dr. SilasEvans. Cards were mailed thepast week to 510 men who will!compose the draft, requiring themto appear before the Board for physical examination.The examinations will proceedfrom day to day, beginning with thefirst draft of sixty men to-day, untilthe list is completed. It is thoughtthe work will be completed in aboiueight days. Each man who receivesa card will know just what day heis required to appear for examination. The session of the Board willbe held in the Circuit Court roomin the court house each day.The following, to whom noticeswere sent last week are required toappear before the Board this (Friday) morning, for examination:Orville Lee Britton.Samiifil Biddle.Clarence Tutte?.Clarence Henderson.Harvey Lee Millikin.William Huff.David Jefferson.Allie Carr.Forrest C. Newcome.William Small.M. C. Meymon.Gus Hickland.John Hampton.Frank H. Parker.John Wesley Taylor.William Fields.Will Myers.John Hall.William Henry WilsonWill S. Arnaparger.Albert Frederick.Martin Turner.George E. Letton.William Henry Johnson.Lewis Kellis.Robert Givens.Louie Griney.Henry Myers.Clark W. Thomas.William II. Parker.Thpmas Martin' Johnson.Roy Watts.Charles Boyd.Raymond Myers.Joe Baker.Woodson Nelson Reed.Charlie Henry Bristow.Moses Buford Sparks. ,Will White.Charles R. Bland.George Mitchell.Isaiah Doweny.Adam Dudley.Dennis Allen.Perry Thomas.William Letton.Ollie Carter.Ulysses G. Munday.Leo Chinn.Will Barton.Franklin Johnson.William Hogue, Jr.Charles Webster Harp.John Q. Kellis.Julius Talbott.John B. Ardery.Robert Coleman.Charlie Howard.ft ft ftHOW REVENUE IS PROVIDED BYSTATE TAX ON WHISKEY."As an evidence of how the Statetax on Kentucky whiskey is providing Kentucky revenue from outsidethe State." said Col. E. H. Taylor,Jr., of Frankfort, "two letters alonein one mail brought the State ofKentucky one thousand three hundred and sixty dollars for the StateTreasury, three hundred and seventy-onedollars county taxes andnearly a quarter of a million dollars for the Federal Government."The Kentucky whiskey, made atour distillery, will every drop beshipped outside of the State, whereKentucky whiskey has its marketever since the Kentucky local option law closes Kentucky markets,the entir tax- money thereforecomes from outsidehe State."ORDER NUMBER ONE.U. S. Government tax. . .$6,C000.O0State Tax 15.00County Tax 15.00Due State on 2c tax ' -40.00ORDER NUMBER TWO.U. S. Government tax. .$154,440.00State tax . ., 371.40County tax 371.40Due State onj 2c tax 990.00$15,212.80IKS VB&BIRTHS.'AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAt Baton Rouge, La., last week,to the wife of Mr. George McCreary,a son. Mrs. McCreary. was formerlyMiss Irene Lary, of Clintonville.In this county, to the wife ofMr. Stanley Hisle, a daughter,christened Delia Elizabeth, in honorof her garndmother. Mrs. Hislewas formerlv Miss Bessie Osborne, ofClark county,THE PARIS HIGH SCHOOL TEAMTRIMS WINCHESTER.The Paris High School baskethall team met that of the WinchesUO.ii. icai" met umi, ui lug vy iuv,uci) iter High School last Friday night.The visitors were plainly outclassedand througnou tne game pjayea ai- suDject to call soon. Mr. sieaa wastogether on the defensive. Theat home Sunday on a visit to hisParis boys worked like a whirlwind,bloated pig skin into the basket io.(navy. Relatives or Elgin Dalzellthirty-five goals and two fouls.Coach White was so certain of thegame that he started with part of Jone4,and Orville Osborne, all of thethe second team on the floor. Capt. same vicinity, are now near the firRice took Rule's place at center, iing line "somewhere in France."and Roberts took Dundon's place atforward in about ten minutes after tonville, has gone to Ft. Riley,beginning the first half. Then the Kans., where he is a member of theteam showed its real form. Capt. j Medical Reserve Corps. Dr. WorthRice is a tower of strength at cen- ington has been commissioned ater, passes the ball well, is a good First Lieutenant. Mrs. Worthingfloor man and also a good goal shot, j ton and children will remain atRoberts is as fast as the proverbial j their home in Clintonville duringstreak of greased lightning, and a -Do. Worthington's absence,wonder at shooting goals. Burnett j. Harvey Kerr, formerly of Northis also a good player, and handles Middletown, youngest member ofhimself well. Lavin is probably! the undertaking firm of Kerr Bros.,one of the best iruards anions the, -m "Lfivineton. after several i unsuc--High Schools in Kentucky. Notonly is he good at guarding nis cepted Saturday at the Louisville reman, but is fast on the floor, and j cruiting station for service in thepasses excellently. Clark is a green Quartermaster's Corps, in the Avlaman, this being his first year, but id j tion department. Young Kerr wasdeveloping rapidly, and will soon be turned downs several times becausen first.filn.ss nlaver. Rule tilavs agood game at center, but this is als 3his first year, and is improving rapidly.Paris should be nroud of thisteam, which has improved so muchlately. There are not many HighSchools in the State that are better.It is predicted that they ought notto lose another game-this year.The following line-up represented Paris, with points credited toeach: Dundon, Burnett (20) andRoberts (2D), forwards; Rule (2),and Rice (14). center: Lavin (14).and Clark (2), guards. Total,Paris, 72; Winchester, 10.ALLEGED "BOOTLEGGER" HELDTO GRAND JURY.Thos Adams, colored, who wasrested in Richmond and broughtback to Paris by Patrolman George. . ...W Judy was given a hearing beforefJudge George Battextom in: theCounty Court; yesterday, ona-effarge. Toacc0 warehouse willof selling whiskey in local option ci;an up a blocked sdle 'from Friday.territory, or "bootlegging," as the 1CV"- .name goes. After hearing the tes-j "" " .timony Judge Batterton held Adams The Winchester Daily Democratin $300 bond-to appear before the says: "Jones, Webber & Fluty, otgrand jury at the next term of the this 'city, sold Thursday on the toBourbon Circuit Court. Being un- baccb market at Paris, 9,125 poundsable to furnish bond Adams wac of tobacco for $3,290, an average oisent to jail. " r5 36 T?er hundred pounds net.WE KNOW HOWDo You Suffer WithCOLD FEET?I If You Do, Wearoee :noesYour feet will never become cold and damp. There isno other shoe made that will give you the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rests those aching feetand an invisible cork inner sole that keeps the dampnessfrom seeping in. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made m all stylesand sizes. Black Vici Kid and Calf Skin$9.00 PAIRThe Nettleton Shoe You All Know -Many customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year after year, and forthe,man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shbes he isamong our satisfied shoe customers. Nettleton Shoes holdtheir shape, and no matter how long you wear them youwill find they hold their original shape until the last bit ofwear has left them.$12,00 and $12.50! MITCHELL &Stetson Hats . Manhattan Shirts,J)uof old Health UudtrwtarIN THE SERVICE OE THEIRCOUNTRY.Herbert Sledd, of North Middle-wuu nuu xo ancuuiaj, xnwioij-YauiaUniversity at Lexington, .has enlist- Jed in the United States Navy and istown who is attending Translyvaniaparents.Ihave just received information fromhim to the effect that he, with RobtDr. .W. C. Worthington, "of Clin-. ,cessTul attempts to enlist was ac-nf liirht weicrht. beine only 110j pounds, but a persistent course ofscientific feeding brought him up tothe necessary 128 pounds. Kerrcnid the added weieht was broughtj about by regular hours, plenty toeat and clean living and chocolate' malted milk.ft ft ftHANDSOME RESIDENCE TO BESOLD.Attend the sale of the WithersDavis residence on PJeasant streetTuesday at 2 p. m.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.t ir. .Q hold at the- threI 1U -BU.1CO ncic iiu .hougea ye6terday, on accounth "fuellera Monday" order,... be neia to-day. Aboutpounds -are on the floors of' ,&- The sales at theDr. Reed's CushionBLAKEMOREwwwwty- -tfMALEXANDER BANK FAILURESTILL FIGURING IN COURTS.The failure of .the George Alexanuci oc jU. OlttlC JcUHV, III llllH Vllj ,some years ago, is still figuring inthe courts.der & Co. State Bank, in this city,Judge Denis Dundon and Attorneys John J. Williams and EobertC. Talbott were in Frankfort, Thursday and Friday, getting depositionsin the case. Among others was thatof Mr. George Alexander, presidentof the bank. The deposition wastaken at the State Reformatory,where Mr. Alexander has been confined since his conviction some yearsago. Mr. Williams represented theState Banking Commissioner, Mr.Talbott jthe plaintiffs and JudgeDundon represented the directors ofthe bank. The style of the suit isJoseph A. Wilson and Edward B.Sparks, vs. J. W. Bacon and others.The suits are consolidated' and represent an aggregate of 50,000.It seems that while Alexander waspresident of the bank, in full charge,and thought to be perfectly solvenx,Mr. Joseph A. Wilson, formerly inthe drug business in Paris, and Mr.Edward B. Sparks, a Bourbon countyfarmer, loaned him money the former $20,000 and the latter $15,000and both are seeking to subjectthe assets of the bank to the payment of their claims. In order todo so they have been made partiesto the suit of State Banking Commissioner George G. Speer againstthe Fifth-Third National Bank, ofCincinnati, which holds a lot ofstock belonging to 'Mr. Alexander,and which he hypothecated lis collateral security for a loan. The suitis now pending in the United StatesCourt at Cincinnati. Mr. Alexander's deposition was sought in behalf of the plaintiff.Commissioner Speer, for the State,and Wilson and Sparks are all asserting claims to the securities inthe Cincinnati bank, which that institution is holding to protect itselfagainst loss on its own loan. Theaction was. originally brought byBanking Commissioner,. tThoB. J.Smith, and he was given ludgmejtagainst the Fifth-Third NationalBank of Cincinnati, but as he waout of office when the decision was,rendered, the whole maer. will have'to be gone over again, and bis i3where Messrs. Wilson ng Sparkget in.EVIDENCE LACKING' TO SUPPORT GILBERT'S CHARGES.The Franklin county grand juryreported Saturday night it had investigated the rumors in connectionwith the Speaker's race, but was unable to substantiate the rumorssufficiently to warrant an indictment. On the opening day of the legislative session Representative M. E.Gilbert, of Paducah, in. nominatingClaude M. Thomas, of Bourbon county, the dry candidate for Speaker,charged that members of tne Househad been kidnapped and kept under guard from the time they lefthome until they reached the Representative's hall to vote. He alsocharged that an attempt had beenmade to bribe him to desert Thomas.Following these allegations, Mr.. Gilbert was served with a summons toappear before the Franklin countygrand jury.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsmt i mMORE DEVILISH WORK OF GERMAN AGENTSMore than a million dollars worthof property was destroyed at Newark,. N. J., Saturday, in a fire believed to be the work of German spie?,which burned up oil barges, a pierwarehouse and freight cars on Newark Bay, close to the plant of theSubmarine Boat .Corporation andj store houses of the quartermaster's'department of the army.This plant was recently inspectedby Chairman E. N. Hurley, of theUnited States Shipping Board, wBTdordered additional military guardsfor the property.The order was given, it was said,because of hints of a spy plot whichreached Mr. Hurley.The keel of an 8,000-ton ship was.recently laid in the yard.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Auctioneer M. FICenney sold" Saturday at the court house door forJos. H. Ewalt, agent for Miss Mattie Keller's heirs, her farm nearKiserton, containing forty-two acresto Theodore Hutsell, for $131 peracre.J Auctioneer Kenney also sold Satj urday at the same place for Masiter Commissioner O. T. Hinton, theJEverman storeroom and residencenear Plum, this" county; to SamueTHinkle, for ?l7520.gtMEETING NIGHT OF LODGE TBE CHANGED.Mayor E. E. January is in ' receipt of the following letter from.mi. .Decxnam uverstreet, of Louis-vine, urand Master of the KentuckrGrand Lodge of Odd Fellows, authorizing a change of meeting of tko.luuai ioage irom Monday t6 Tuesdaynights; "Louisville, Ky., Jan. 25. 1918"Mayor E. B. January,"Bourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O O F"Paris, Ky. '"Dear Brother: Know ye thatthe members of Bourbon Lodge No.23, I. O. O. F., are hereby granted &special dispensation to change theirmeeting nights to Tuesday night instead of Monday night in order'that they might be more comfortable and that the President of theUnited States be helped, in that tkofuel savings may be had in tiepremises. You will please rememb2rme to the members of Bourbon Lodgeand give my best wishes to each amdevery one of them, and remind thetaI am relying upon Bourbon Lodge toshow a gain in Odd Fellowship.With best wishes, I am"Fraternally Yours,"BECKHAM OVERSTEREET,"Gand Master'Since the letter was written.Mayor January received officialnotice from State Fuel Administrator Bryan that fraternal organizations are not included in the fuelrestriction order, and that they ma7hold their regular meetings on Mondan nights as usual.fe fe )REMEMBER FARMERS' WEEKDATES.For the benefit of those who possibly do not know the date of Farmers' Week at the College of Agricuiture, University of Kentucky, Lexington, we reprint the followim?schedule of the week's activities:Tuesday, January 29. Ken&ckyHorse Breeders Association: Starry-Igorticulture Society.Wednesday, January 30. Kentucky Dairy Cattle Club; KentuckrCorn Growers' Association; Kentucky Sheep Breeders' Association.Thursday, January 31. KentuckVB,eef Cattle Breeders' Asstfeiatioi 'Kentucky Alfalfa Growers' Association; Kentucky Poultry Association; conference on marketing.Friday, February 1. KentucldrSwine Breeders' Association; Kentucky Bee Keepers AssociationKentucky Jack Stock Breeders Association. - , -1 -MODERN HOME FOR SALE. " '. iRead over the advertisement" otthe modern home that is offered foesale by Ossian Edwards, Real Estate Exchange. Every convenienceand is located on Main street.(25-2t)'m i is.SENATE VOTES STRINGENTANTI-LIQUOR MEASURE. 'The end of the liquor business inthe dry counties of Kentucky wasbrought another step nearer Fridaywhen the Senate voted 26 to 4 toforbid the shipment into dry counties of liquor, after amending thebill so that, in language of theState-wide prohibition amendment,will accept liquor to be used for"sacramental, medicinal or mechanical purposes." It also safeguardedthe bill from nullification "by thecourts by adopting the provisionthat if any section or part of a section should be held unconstitutionalby the Court of Appeals it shouldnot affect the remainder of-the act-to to to''"tHE MUSICAL GUARDSMEN." "The next number on the program,for the Paris Lyceum Course wilibe "The Musical" Guardsmen," ahigh-class musical organizationwhich will appear at the ParisHigh School auditorium on neztFriday night, February 1, at eighto'clockThis is one of the best numberson the Lyceum program, and j everyone who attends will be assured ofa musical treat.JrMOVING DAY.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Cooper willmove this week from the Butler cotrtage on Vine street to the residenceon Stoner avenue, formerly occupiedby Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompso.The cottage vacated by Mr and Mre.Cooper will be occupied by" Mr. anMrs. L. B. Purnell, who will vacatethe Withers Davisresidence, oPleasant street.HIGHER BREAD PRICES POBE-CAST BY BAKERS.Increased prices for war bread aider the new government regulatiomswere forecast at the executive committee meeting of the National Association of Master Bakers at "Chicago. President Henry W. Sawlfesaid the demand for wheat sulartitutes no doubt would tend towTiigher pricee..V'gAGg TWOTHE BOURBONNEWS;TPARIS. KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1S18.mIkiX!?-i-THK BOURBON NEWSotbtUhed 188135 Year oftinuous Publication.Con-fallshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. . 42.00 Six Months... S1.00Payable in Advance.WJFT Ct-!AMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofy person, firm or corporation, "whichmay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS .will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thedltor. 'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlnch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.- Special rates 'for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by-the cash.EDITQEIAL MUSINGS.Obey JThe Order.. ,,-THE NEWS has observed that theijmajority of those who are affected,-by the executive order to "lay off"m certain day3 to save fuel are obey'ing the order with good grace, and!r4tnd under the impression that it wasnecessary and that the patrioticthing to do is tof obey it. There are-& few individuals, and a few, very-few, newspapers, on the other sideof the feace.THE NEWS assumes that the situation as a whole is better seen fromWashington, where all matters center, thait from the point of vantageoccupied by the owner of a store ormanufacturing business in Paris, orin any other place, who is, perhaps,- influenced by personal concern"" about profits.The" patriotic thing to do, it seemsto us, is to kick in, instead of kicking. That is what the majority are, doing. Anyway, don't kick on thefuel administration order. You mayknow more than Dr. Garfield and" this associates about some tilings,but "they have the edge on you in' regard to freight congestion and thefuel supplies of this country.And then you . must admit thatwhatever action is taken, even" though you may think it ill-advised,-is taken for the best interests of ths,Country. If you are patriotic you;.will close your place of businessCjheerfully on Mondays. If you are.aot, the Government has a very effective little way of making you see''the light. We must win this war.7 -Let us do everything, no matterwhaf hardship it entails, to help"Jwin it.As To Happiness. -JohnD. Rockefeller has oodlesr Of money, but he is not happy. Mar' hall Field said (and he should have"know) "There is no happiness innere dollars. After they are acquired we can use only & moderateamount. It is given man to eat sottWuch and wear so much and toliave so muck shelter and more hecannot use.'' Neither does power bring happitiess. Napoleon was unhappy, andthey say Caesar and Alexander always had a "Gee, I feel blue" expression. And the possession ofgenius has not been conducive to"Ttjappiness. There was De Maupasiefc.nt and Oscar Wilde, whose verygenius made them unhappy, and Poe:went around wishing that "this feer, called living" would pass. I've.. ftVeajrd of -great beauties like LadySamilton who were grouches and religious people with long faces andH'irnnkR who ware bad and sad. So'I've concluded that money, power,sjjenius, beauty and a lot of otherthings that we seek are not essential to happiness, and yet often theAgeeking of them gives us joy. I'velieard medical men say that to be1kappy you must be healthy, and yet..'C've -seen unhappy healthful menand women, and happy unhealthfulmen Jid women right here in"-this good liltle city of Paris, Ky.VSoaie sy that work will bring hapness, and yet some of the most uu; IkkBPy peopto in Paris are some oftlicce who Z: the hardest thosewhoare oppressed by economic conditions, v, 1Then what makes for liappiness? Ibelieve we are all potentially happyWe've all within ourselves the possibilities of being happy, but each requires different treatment. I believe that happiness is an absractthing mixed up with the development of our particular selves. Thatif we seek happiness we do not develop, and if we seek developmentwe become happy. I am a chartermember of the Good-Cheer-And-Be-HappyClub! Come in!"With Fringe On 'Em!"A writer in Sunday's JLouisvilleCourier-Journal on the society pagesays that a society leader in Louisville believes she could make herliving in France making and sellingcorn cakes with "fringes on 'em."You know the kind. The kind thatresembles Valenciennes lace at theedges and taste like a half-hour inHeaven ! Um-um !Well, why shouldn't a Kentuckywoman make money and fame selling corn cakes with fringes on 'emin France? It was at Bath, wasn'tit that Sally Lunn made a livingand became immortal by selling thelea cakes which to this day bears herhonored name?Sally Lunn is a delightful kind ofbread, but "corn cakes with fringeson 'em!" Um-uni! We love SallyLunn bread, but, oh, those corncakes; those wheat-conserving, lifepreserving, most deserving corncakes with the lace-like edges whichmelt in your mouth faster than thebutter melted in the stack of cakes!There is in Paris at a certain restaurant not a thousand miles fromthe corner of Pleasant and Tenthstreet a colored woman whose nameis some day destined' to be enrolledon the scroll of fame as an artisticbuilder of corn cakes, the real staffof life on wheatless days now. Slipis an artist in her own way, onewho has had the plans and specifications for building corn cakes handed down to her from her ancestors,who were adepts in the art down inol' Virginny in the days before thewar. She makes 'em without frillsbut when they are placed before you,there is an unconditional surrender.A few night ago the scribe sat atthis restaurant next to Prof. RobertHinton, of Georgetown College, winaccompanied the basket ball team ofhis college to Paris for a game.Prof. Hinton had a "stack of hots"in front of him. "If I could feelmy team on such delicious cakes asthese all the time I believe theycould take a fall out of the Boches!"was his comment.P. S. A la Hashimura TogoThis is no advertisement.m mSTORES SELLING POOD TO CLOSEAT NOON MONDAY.Bourbon County Chairman J. T.Collins, of IT. S. Food Administration, is in receipt of the followingnotice from Mr. Sackett, which herequests THE BOURBON NEWS topublish:LOUISVILLE, KY., Jan. 24, 1918.To Wholesale and Retail StoresDealing in Food in the State of Kentucky: You will make your arrangementsto close at noon on Monday fromJanuary 28 to March 25.This requirement is in accordancewith the order of the Fuel Administration for the conservation of fuel.While authority is given, to the FoodAdministrator to permit a particular store to remain open in afternoon on Mondays in a case of necessity, the situation in Kentucky issuch that practically every foodstore can so arrange its business totake care of the public's demand byneon of that day, and no permissionwill be given to any one to remainopen, except in a case of exceptionalnecessity.Should such a case arise, application should be made to the Food Administrator of the county for action.Very truly yours,FRED M. SACKETT.1 Federal Fuel Administrator for Kentucky.Mr. Sackett also inclosed the following: TO THE BAKERS OF KENTUCKY :,I want to call your attention lothe patriotic effort that' is beingmade by the bakers in many Statesto feed the public on the "Wheatless Day," Wednesday, with a breadmade with as little wheat in it aspossible. I am .iust in receipt ofnotification from Texas that in the!city of San Antonio, the bakers saved for the one day 75 barrels of flourby putting out to the public on thatWednesday a mixed bread.May I count upon the active interest of the bakers of Kentucky intrying to emulate the patriotism ofSan Aantonio and other cities?The need of saving wheat has become so important that I feel at liberty to ask your very careful consideration of this suggestion.Very truly yours,FRED M. SACKETT.Federal Food Administrator for Kentucky. m j mBAD COLD CWICKLY BROKEN UPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "V first used Chamber-Iain's Cough Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many ofmy friends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms," Obtainable every-where. ,-.(adv-jan)KAISER TRIES TOTO OLD SATAN.REPLYOne of the most fervid and caustic bits of word-painting the worldhas known for years is the letterfrom Satan to the Kaiser printed mTHE NEWS of January 18. Itranks as one of the geratest piecedof literature the war conditions hasproduced, and has been eagerlysought after by hundreds of readers.Now comes another daring writer,who makes the Imperial butcher ofGerman endeavor to reply to theletter. But the effort is as flat afailure as a loaf of salt rising thatfails to rise. Still, it is a prettyclever shot on the cruel side of thearch-fiend of Europe. The letterfollows:Hell, November 1, 1917.Imp. Lucifer Hotspur Satan:My dear Lucifer or shall I callyou Lucy, for short? Your note ofrecent date to our imperial vftand.Your offer to abdicate the throne ofHades in my favor would be interesting were it wholly serious, butconditions are implied that make Itinadvisable that I accept. I do notthink much of Gehenna, anyhow. Itis a second class state at best, and Iwould not care to live theie permanently. As a matter of fact I have made asplendid start toward a hell of my0Wn we call it Bottomless Prussia.It has all the modern improvements,such as running hot water, red fire,cyanide gas, calcium lights, wideopen blumbing and vacuum cleaner.At the present time we are gettingpractically all x the business andwhen it comes to a matter of competition, it is my opinion that wwould have you pushed off the map.To be perfectly frank with you wehave considered that the advisability of taking over your plant aboutthe time it is ripe for bankruptcy.You are not making expenses, whilewe are turning them away. Everyone says that I am a much biggerdevil than you ever dared to be andthere is not a day goes by withoutmy pictures being in the papers.You may have once thought youwere a hell of a fellow but you havenothing on me. Your place is a backnumber, and when the time comeswe will move in and take possessionif we think it is worth while. Itis not usual for Prussians to givewarning or apology. We usually dothings and leave it to the world toexplain, but I am telling you because of our old time friendship, andalso because I realize that you cando nothing to forestall or preventour action. Abdicate in my favor?Why, you poor old stiff, you havenothing "to abdicate. You couldn'tfloat a bond issue on your plant ina million years. In the commercialmarket it would be called junk. Youhave a bunch of ancient floorwalkers like Judas, Nero, Ananias, Aligula, Richard III, and Captain Kiddthat are really driving businessaway from your place. Talk aboutthe Huns! Why, I wouldn't haviAttila bring my shaving water.If you had a few scouts like vonTirpitz, or Von Hindenberg youmight talk on some basis of equality.They are the boys who bring homethe bacon and they are filling ourhell with talenjUof their own creation and development. But whilethey are finished performers, ofcourse, I am still the boss of thewhole works. It is my genius andinspiration that has made our newhell possible. You may I as well understand first as last that you cannot run a hell without some of burPrussian efficiency. In a competitive race with us you would probably bring up a second rate coldstorage plant.By reason of our former friendship, however, I am willing to recognize your moth-eaten throne asone with which diplomatic relationsmay be maintained. I am sendingCount Bernstorff as my ambassadorwith authority to make treatiescompatible with our mutual interests. Under certain circumstancesit might be possible to negotiate aunion between our own prince andyour Messalina. They might makea good time. He may also take onLucretia Borgia and make it' adouble header. How would it do forme to hook up one of your Catherines this Medici person for insance? Of course, this would onlybe fcr the campaign and subject tocancellation at my will. Count Bernstorff is permitted to talk of these,as well as other matters, and hashimself hinted to me the advisability of an exchange of transfers.This, however, would be with theidea of the gradual absorption ofyour own hell by my own. I am tobe perfectly frank with you. Youmust realize, my own dear Lucifer,that you are getting old. You arenot up to our modern methods, andwhen you wander around .withyour spiked tail, people only smilein a goodnatured way. and murmur,"Who the devil is he?" or "I wonderwhat mischief Satan is up to now?"You are all right for running akindergarten, but as the boss of areai? blood-red, rip-snorting, concertpitch hell, you are mostly rabbitYou are altogether too easy. Why,I -understand you even shy at cook-ing children in their own grease.You ought to have seen the way Icleaned them up in Belgium. Wo-men first? Well, I guess! Any oldj way. We turned it into a patcli ofBottomless Prussia overnight. Thatancient party rho ran wicksthrough Christians and ubed themto light up his grounds,, was a poor-fish at thinking up -things. We couldTHEJ show him a few things that wouldmake him green with nvy. Henever poisoned a whole regimentwith gas bombs and he never sankand blew up a ship load of womenand children with a torpedo from asubmarine.You mean well, Lucifer, but are aslow performer. Take a week offand come over to a real hell. Wewill show you the time of your lifeand you can see what you are upagainst. You can discover why yourproposition to abdicte in my favordoesn't interest me. However, I ama real sport, and I'll tell you whatI'll do: I will play you a game ofpitch to see whether you abdicate orI throw you out. In either case youare welcome to a permanent homowith me, and I will show you a hellof a time. There is no use in oldfriends quarreling, is there, Lucy?Fraternally yours,Wilhdlm Imp. (His X Mark.)Us tej laState of Ohio-, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforeseaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before pie and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON, ,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. 3 ?S 13THE VALUE OP GOOD ROADS.Since the advent of the automobile and the motor 'truck, road construction and maintenance hasgrown to be ot oly a local or a national, but an international matterof grave importance.Probably no branch of engineering has advanced more or producedsuch an opportunity for personal endeavor, in the past decade, as highway engineering.Recent events in war-strickenEurope show the immense militaryvalue of good roads. France was enabled, by her wonderful" system, of.national highways, to transporttroops, who stopped the on-rushingGermans in 1914'. Again, the Italian Army, in their recent AlpineCampaign against Austria-Hungarywas greatly retarded by the lacTtof good roads.The value of good roads properlymaintained in this country is practically inestimable, whether considered from the farmer's or merchant'spoint of view, bay nothing of thetourists. Good roads, more thananything else, open new territory,enhance real estate values, producea means for better social intercourse, produce better schools andchurches and attendance at same-To say nothing or giving the farmeran opportunity to market cropscheaper, easier and quicker,, and thecity man to profit thereby.3 EJ- 3Some roen work with their hands,some with their brains and others;just make conversation..Master Commissioners Sale of LandBOURBONMARY L. BUEERIDGE, ETC.,VS Master's Sale of Land.JAMES BUKBKIDGE, ETC., DEEEHDAOTSTinder and Iiy virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the November, 1917, term of , tlteBourbon Circuit Court in the above styled Action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner;,onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1918at the front door of the Court House, in Paris, Ky., at afioct the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., -will sell at malic auction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property:1st A tract of 53 acres lying on the Bethlehem and Paris and the Bethlehcir and Hutchison.v Station Turnpikes, in Bourbon County, Kentucky, being known as the "Home Place," andbounded as follows: Beginning at 1 in the- angle of the turnpikes, theisce X 87 degrees19 minutes W. 84 to 2, a deflection in the turnpike; thence S. SS degrees 40 minutes W.35.28 poles to 3; thence with a line fence N. 53' E. 74.92 poles to 4. a stone; thence s! "67 degress 29 minutes E 112.48 poles to 5, a stone; thence S 4 degrees 30 minutes E. 73-g' poles to the beginning, containing fifty-three acres of land.t 2nd A tract of 15.33 acres described as follows: Beginning at E, a corn&r to Marion Hallthence with his line N. 78. 3-8-E. 28.24 'chains to 6; thence with the center of the Parisand Bethlehem turnpike S 3 4-9. 23 chains to 5, a corner to No. 1- thence with No.' 1 N86 3-8 W. 28.30 chains to 4, a stake ia line of No. 2; thence , with No. 2 N. 2 E. 172chains to the beginning.3rd a tract of 43.72 acres described as follows: Beginning in the Middle of the Paris andBethlehem turnpike at A; tnence witn tne middle of same N. ;r W. 27.32 chains to Bthence N. 78 E. 15.06 chains to C the middle of said turnpike and a corner to EdSparks; thence with his line S. 3 3-8E. 31.25 chains to D, a corner to James Russellthence with his line N. 86 W. 15.&6" chains to the beginningsThe lands to be sold constitute a highly improved Blue Grass farm, 111 acres; 13 milesfrom Lexington, 6 miles from Paris, two- miles from Hutchison Station, three miles irom the interurban Road; brick house with ten rooms; tenani house four rooms; new silo; two large barnssmall stable; splendid ice house; all necessary out-buildings; well and cistern; two excellentsprings; good orchard; church and school near by. The purchaser will get ten acres of rye andtwenty acres of growing wheat; also one-half of ten acres of growing wheat on the shares.Said sale will be made uponmoney, xne puxenaser or puruuaaeiaDroved by the Commissionerot saie resnectiveiv ana uetuintcpaid, with a lien retained upon the property to further secure theirand effect of judgments.The Master reserves the right to reject any and all bids.A -HEE0 EVEEY DAY,The first forces of the UnitedStates to land in France for serviceagainst the enemy were the U. S.naval aeronautic detachments transported abroad on naval vessels.These naval aviators, officers andmen, landed in France during thefirst week in June, three weeks before the first army transport, undernaVal convoy, arrived on the otherside to land thev first of the armyforces. In the records of men whohave lost their lives in operationagainst the enemy, two are reportedfrom this detachment, who werekilled by accidents in the air. Theyare buried in France. Otoe of thes-5men is George Herbert Manleylandsman quartermaster, who hadenlisted at Baltimore in; March,1917, having had no prior navalservice. He was a native' of Summitt, N. J., born in 1896. HTs fatheris Herbert N. Manley, of Maplewood,N. J. (adv)I5i 153 feIt seems that the Russians roseand took Russia away from Nicholasonly to lie down and give it toWilhelm.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mission and is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (tf)Public Sale-OF-BUSINESS PROPERTYI will sell at public auction, on thepremises, at 1329 Main Street, onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 13T&.at about 11:30 a. in., the brick business house now occupied by the ParisGarage.This .building is a modern two-story brick building, facing 39. tfeet on Main Street, and runsthrough the entire block to HibStreet, being equal width throughout, the building covering the entirelot.This is an excellent business location, having for years been rentedout profitably. The rear of the build"ing is on the Paris Interurban carline, making the unloading and Ibading of freight from the rear of tirebuiTdrng, to and from the interurbancars, most convenient, and effectinga considerable saving to the occupant of the building in drayagecharges. Has gas, water and electric lights.The second floor of the building Isfitted up into a commodious amimodern flat, equipped with water,gas and electric lighes, and which isalso- a substantial revenue producer.For further information, apply tothe undersigned. sTERMS One-third cash, the-balancein equal payments due and payable in one and two years fromdate, said deferred payments to bear6 per cent, interest from said' saledate.SAM CLAY, Agent,or A. B. HANCOCK,(l-5t) Paris Ky.JRCUIT COURTthe credits of six and twelve months,autcicai. at, wic j.,i . oia. uk. ucub. ucisV''Qk.- .rIf Quebec secedes from Canada!and sets up an independent state,she might please herself and thowfcole United States by kidnapingRobert M. La Follette.Home For SaleSplendid home located on Main,street, close in, good neighborhood,homes owned by residents. Fourrooms and kitchen, toilet and lavatory on the first floor, 3 bed roomsand bath on second floor, front andtback porches, furnace, gas and electric light, big yard and garden,small stable. Residence has slateroof. All freshly papered, splendidrepair. See this if interested in ahome. OSSIAN EDWARDS,Real Estate Exchange.(25-2t)Public Sale-OF-Stock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc.I will sell at public auction, atmy residence, four miles from Paris,Ky., on the Redmon pike, promptlyat ten o'clock, a. m., onWednesday, Jan. 30, 1918the following described property, allof ivhich will positively be soldwithout reserve or by-bidding:One 8-year-old mule, works anyplace;One 4-year-old mare mule, goodone and good worker;One 8-year-old work horse;One 4-year-old work horse;One 5-year-old buggy horse, .willwork anywhere;.Ten good young milch cows, allbred; some will be fresh- in shorttime;Eight yearling steers;Eight calves; weaned;One bull;One good brood sow, bred;One good gilt, bred;Three shoats, will weigh about1100 pounds each;One Deering Binder;One tobacco setter, good as new,;One Deering Mower;Two riding cultivatorsOne disc harrow;One corn planter, goodVss new;Two breaking plows;One bull rake;One sulky rake;One grain drill;One sled;One 3 Mitchell wagon andframe;Two good rubber tire- buggies;One steel-tired rockaway, good!one;One set good 'buggy harness;One good tarpaulin, large size;About 80 barrels of corn In crib;About 5 tons mixedl hay, baled;About 50 shocks of fodder;One-half intpreat in about lo acresof wheat on the farm;Turkeys, ducks, some householdgoods and kitchen fuTnittire, andother things too numerous to menf tion.Terms will be made known on dayof the sale.MRS. CHAS? C. COLLINS.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.- .- PLAEmZEKfor equal parts of the nurcituiiium irom n.tp nt oai. -atpayment, said bonds to have the ion t kFjMO. T. HINTONIVUsttr Cemmbilmtr Bur1n Circuit CmtulbmhrSmW. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(Janl5-22-29) (v12-: .- u -ifVifciJ,tr,e . ..iJz,:jiZ3TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918.1HK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, UPACtt TIME"Ti.HOTHER! DON'T TAKECHANCES IP CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDTHE BEAUTIFUL GULtf COAST."The Riviera of America."Probably in no part of the SouthIf Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bil'ous, is there to be found a more salubri-Cleail Little Liver and , jous and restful country than alongBowels. the shore of the Gulf of MexicoJ from New Orleans east to MobileA laxative to-day saves a sick child and Pensacola, where nature hasto-morrow. Children simply will not been lavish in the distribution oftake the time from play to empty her bounties. There is the sparklingtheir bowels, which become clogged t water of the Gulf and the bay-in-upwith waste, liver gets sluggish, dented shore formins- natural waterstomach sour. ways for a mannerdf water sp0rts,Look at the tongue, mother! If sailing, 'motoring, canoeing, fishingcoated, or your child is listless, i and the like. This charming resortcross, feverish, breath bad, restless, iand is easily acCesssible, and maydoesn't eat heartily, full of cold orjDe quickly reached by modern steelnas sore throat or anv other chil-' r. r, T ...- m o ti.Ult"J UlllUbUI., fcjA U l-UlXOpUVJlULUlof "California Syrup of Figs," thendon't worry, because it is perfectlyharmless, and in a few hours allthis constipation poison, sour bileand fermenting waste will gentlymove out of the bowels, and yoaliave a well, playful child again.A thorough "inside cleansing" isoftentimes all that is necessary. Itshould be the first treatment givenan any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichlias full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Lookcarefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company." (adv)HfcHWATER POWER URGED TO CONSERVE COAL.(Portland ( Ore.) Journal, November 21, 1917.)Water power development to savevast quantities of coal will go beforeCongress as one of the chief recommendations in President Wilson'ssecond war message. It was learnedrecently that Secretaries Lane, Baker and Houston have nearly reached an agreement on the proposedlegislation.Sufficient energy to run all thenation's industries, railroads andmines, is still locked up due to differences between private interestsand conservationists on the properterms of development. Governmentexperts estimate enough of this couldTie put into use within a year to replace between 20 and 25 per cent,of all coal used now.MARGOLEN'SFreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNAINAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and. Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.ville Railroad; passengers may leaveCincinnati, Louisville or Evansvillein the evening, and arrive at thoGulf Coast resorts the following afternoon. The mild, equable climate withwhich this district is favored is a delight to the tourist. The climate isdelightful at all seasons of the year;during the winter months it is moderate and bracing, putting snap andenergy into the system.The Gulf Coast is fast becomingone of the popular watering placesof the country, and counts amongits recent guests the distinguishedPresident of the United States. It 'islined with many resort cities andtowns, each extending a hospitablewelcome to the visitor. Every resort is shaded by age-old ancestraloaks, hung with trailing vines andSpanish moss; and they all look outover the Gulf waters, at the dancingwaves, the scudding sails, and thebeach and the surf.The placid waters and the slopingshores give to boating and aquaticsports, enjoyments unallojed, andabundant haunts of fish and gameafford an endless paradise to devotees of rod and gun; the many golfcourses and tennis courts providoample opportunities for the enthusiasts of these fascinating games.Most excellent opportunities arethere for the lover of motoring, inthe abundance of the fine shell roadswhich skirt the shore of the Gulfunder the massive live oaks and extend back into the pine forests alongthe shroes of the many bays and bayous, the magnificent scenery alongthese roads appealing strongly toone's sense of the beauties of nature.If one can't find happiness and contentment down there in the goldensunshine and among the countlessdiversions and attractions of thatplayground he is indeed hard toplease.Numerous hotels and boardinghouses at the various Gulf Coast resorts provide admirably for the comfort of guests, and the variety admits of terms to fit any purse, dppending upon the individual requirements of the visitor, who canbe housed among the luxuries of themore fashionable hotels, or in theless pretentious ones, according tohis own desires. In buying ticketsto New Orleans and the Gulf Coastresorts passengers should see thattlfey read beyond Evansville, Louisville or Cincinnati, via the Louisville and Nasville Railroad, the onlyline running along the Gulf Coastand reaching all the resorts. Thetrain service over this line is unsurpassed. The sumptuous throughtrains are equipped wTith drawingroom sleepers and reclining chaircars. All meals en route are provided in dining cars; the service isa la carte (you pay for what yoiorder) and the prices are moderateThis line is famous for the excellence of its dining car service; ithas no superior, and few, if any,equals.Passengers from Cincinnati, Louisville, Frankfort or Evansville andvicinity contemplating a trip toFlorida may. easily, and at slight additional cost, arrange their route topermit of a visit to the Gulf Coast.Tickets to Florida routed via Louisville & Nashville R. R., throughRiver Junction, allow privilege ocstop-over at Flomaton, Ala., fromwhich point round trip side triotickets may be purchased to theresorts.A beautifully illustrated folderdescribing this enchanting vacationland, may be obtained at the principal ticket offices of the Louisville& Nashville R. R., or by addressingR. D. Pusey, General PassengerAgent L. & N. 'R. R., Louisville, Ky.(jan29-febl-5-8-12-15)la ik WftOriental Ruby.The oriental ruby consists of nearlypure alumina i. e., oxide of aluminumin a crystalline form, containing but1 per cent of oxide of iron and one-imif nf 1 -ner cent of any other substance. The specific gravity of thisprecious stone is higher tnan tnat oimany other gems, ranging from 3.9 to4.2. Aluminum, the metal, has, whencast, a density of 2.50; when forged, of2.67, or only one-third of that of forgedsteel or a fourth of that of silver.The melting point is about 1,300 degrees Fahrenheit.KEEP YOUB IIBERTY B0HD.The Liberty Bond is a government"bond as good a bond as the government has ever issued. Just 'assafe. Just as reliable.Dn't forget this.Not that in all its history the government has never defaulted one ofits bonds. There is no better security on earth. It is as good as agreenback, so far as its safety isconcerned.It pays you four per cent, interestannually, just as much as you canget for your greenback at any savings bank. And its face value willnever shrink.There have been times when government bonds went below par, justas in recent months Liberty Bondihave sold below par. But there wasnever any valid reason why theyshould have done so. vAnd they never stayed there sovery long at a time.Since the war of 1912 there hahnever been an issue of United Statesbonds that failed to go above par.Some dropped below for a time, butthey always rose again.Five per cent, bonds due in 1865sold at $1.20 in 1863.Six per cent, bonds due in 1881sold at ?1.23 in 1873. ,Four per cent, bonds due in 1907sold at $1.30 in 1889.Another four per cent, issue duein 1925 sold at $1.39 in 1901.Two per cent, bonds due in 1930went to $1.09.WOMAN TELLSHOWBACKjPPETITECan Hardly Wait Until Meals ArcReady Since She TookTanlac.And the day is coming when theseLiberty Bonds will sell above parWhere the Government bonds wentbelow par there was always justone reason. Someone needed moneyquickly. In order to get it bondswere offered on the market for whatever price they would bring. Thi3happened usually in tight money periods. With normal conditions they den & Son's drug store. (adv)"It used to be that I scarcely hadany appetite at all, but since I'vebeen taking Tanlac my appetite hascome back so much that . I canscarcely wait until mealtime," saidMiss Ida Mills, 645 Seventh street,Louisville, Ky."I was so weak and nervous thatI could hardly do my work beforeI took Tanlac," Miss Mills continued. "I didn't sleep very well. Thenervousness often woke me up afterI'd get to sleep at night and then itwould be a long time before I couldget back to sleep again."Somebody told me about Tan-'-lacand advised me to try it. Finally I did. Well, sir, it certainlvhelped me. . It wasn't long until myappetite had come back fine andj now I'm hungry all the time. I canscarcely wait until mealtime."My nerves are back in goodshape now, too, an'd I sleep fine atnight. I think I feel as well nowas I ever did before."You'll get rid of that worn-out.half-sick feeling in just a littlewhile if you'll just take Tanlac.You can get Tanlac at G. S. "Var-went back to normal valuesLoss is impossible upon a government bond investment. Back of thesebonds are all the wealth of the nation, something more than $250,000,000,000. Every dollar of thiswealth can be .taxed by the Government for the redemption of itsbonds.So long as thereis a United Statesits bonds will be the best investment on earth. No other countryis so rich; no other has such security back of its bonds.Don't sell your Liberty BoncU.Keep them. You will be rewardedby having the price equal and exceed what you paid for them.lea las imNO LIST OP NONESSENTIAL"FARM PRODUCTS TO BE ISSUEDRepresentatives of the UnitedStates Department of Agriculture,after conference at the office of theDirector General of Railroads, wereinformed that the Director Generalhas not promulgated a list of nonessential farm products which willbe denied transportation facilities,and does not contemplate issuingany such order. Request was madethat the Department of Agriculturedisseminate this information aswidely as possible to the farmers ofthe country.The Director General believes thatunder the plan now being formulated it will be possible to provideadequate transportation for farmproducts this year. Farmers shouldplace orders for cars when neededwith local freight agents, as has always been the practice.rufcmHOW TO STOP A PAPER YOU DONOT WANT.If you are getting a paper you donot want and it continues to bemailed out to you, it's up to you topay for it as long as you take itout of the box, or, in other words,as long as you accept it.To stop it go to your postmasterand tell him you refuse it; that youdon't want it. The postmaster willthen ,as required by law, mail thepaper back to the publisher and he,the publisher, will be compelled totake the refused paper out of th3postoffice after paying one cent forit.A few pennies paid out by thepublisher will stop it.fm ISi PaEven if the road to success wereshprt there'd be many who wouldn'thave grit enough to travel it to, thee&m m pi'It's an unusual traveling manwho doesn't claim that he losesmoney on his expense account.A Prayor For Our Country.(Sung to America.)Father, we come to TheeSuppliants for LibertyO'er land and sea.Now hear us when we "pray.For freedom's gloriojus day,Which all triumphant mayRedown to Thee.Protect our valiant men,Send them home againBy Thy great might.Then shall we sing to TheePraise eternallyRuler of earth and seaLead us aright.When then on Thee we call,Savior and Lord of allPeace we implore,Grant to all nations wideLove, Peace and Joy betideHear Thou Oh, Lord, provideForevermore.I. D. H.Pa jbb taWith the Unusual.It is the unusual event that givesthe unusual person a chance. Tomeet the unexpected with decision andeffectiveness is the sign of the leader.If you can take responsibility when responsibility is suddenly thrust uponyou, and -tlo your very best with aclear head, you are the sort of personwho will achieve a permanently responsible position. And it is the responsible positions that are well paidand interesting. Exchange.tt W fli. A W WRemoves Tell Tale Marksof Time and TroubleWrinkles, age, worry and habit linesquickly disappear under our scientific method of facial message, Soothes nerves. Relaxes andrests drawn muscles. Plumps out hollows anden uses. Used with wonderful success in 3,000shops. Investigate. Csll or send two cent3 to covercost of mailincof our 7 issue Cream and Bookleton "Care ofThe Skin.HOT AND COLD BATHS.JOHH WHITE k CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Liberal assortment-Ma full value paidfw nineruridNitfes andCsst Skins(7dec-13t-F)K7Sk7 LS" - Bv" rWOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion, and -will findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels toremain In a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. Ob-;lnable everywhere.(adv-jan)Expensive Gold Fish.The rarest and most expensive goldfish in the world Is the Chinese brushtall, a pair of which sell for $1,500.Probably there is no other living thingof its size and weight that is worthso much money.iVT.-A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.Vice President Marshall says rightcannot lose. That's very good sentiment, but hurry up a little mighthelp 'right.a m fitThe advociates of national prohibition generally hear somebody calling them when an anti broachesJ the subject of a vodkaless Russia.Our Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we extend; ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a .happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir, business pursuits.CALL ,AGAINWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376twin Bros. Department storeSeventh and main $t$. p?rj$) Y(tmtiyBIG CLEARANCE ONWAISTS$1.00 WAISTS89c$1.50 WAISTS98c$2.50 WAISTS$1.98Zr !3j ilmlife WJmt$2.98 WAISTS$2.25$3.50 WAISTS$2.98$4.50 WAISTS$3.98We Give and Redeem the BiueStampsTHANKSljThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street1 1 iim nrnri PWtUiJ$ SLIJ ijCgL " t -rSste-ZT J?S2Satisfaction is Ouri Watchwordif- V I With all the latest im-wK - provements m laundryf f. .r3 appliances and expertgr- neipers we are prepared, to do work inferior tonone, and snliVit. vnm-. .ijs patronage.3S- s-Jii'r -,..--y u. ' jzBourbon Laundry,Parish Kentucky.WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have 'the Advantage of OurTIREDEPARTMENT' Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Si a '.jX-:oI. "5 Ufiuifcfc--. K!t"$"AVd$3fr?' .-,V"TM"-M$-jIJk-?-j.w-yT$i&'1n, .. , i-4)-TOur AnnualBis CashOur Annual t - - m khhabbhAB 4feBig Cash TUf .1 T MINI UN UU.Em wvbiPhones 36 PARIS, KENTUCKYCor. 6th and MainDuringDuringmmuANDMA&CE'Mlrk-SAVES YOU BIG MONEY!wE had about decided not to have our BIG CASHJ SALE this year. We did not think we couldafford to at this time. But we realize you areexpecting and probably waiting for it, so we have decided to hold our annualFebruary and MarchCash Salejust as usual. We are not going to deviate in theleast from the customs we have established, 20 percent, discount from the regular marked price of anyarticle in the house, FOR CASH. NO STAMPSand NOTHING CHARGED at these prices. Goodscharged will be at the regular marked prices. OURBIG CASH SALE is UNUSUAL and UNIQUE fromthe fact that we place our whole stock at your disposal.We have not bought a lot of cheap merchandise to holda bargain sale. YOU know we carry as good a stockas is in Central Kentucky. All of this is in our BIGSALE and our BIG SALE is just when you need it.Wall PaperDo not fail to take advantage of this big opportunityre-decorate your home. Spring stock now in.toSALE LASTS ALL OF FEBRUARY ANDMARCHSelect Your Goods Now and HaveThem Delivered When You Wish.NOW IS THE TIMETo Furnish Your Homewith all theCHAIRS ANDROCKERS !$18 Rockers, sale price. .$14.40S1& Rockers, sale price.. 12.00$12 Rockers, sale price . . 9-60$10 Rockers, sale price . . 8.00$6 Rockers, sale price . . 4.80$4 Rockers, sale price . - 3.20TRY A KALTEX ROCKERThe Best Rocker Made.Rugs, Mattings, LinoleumsLINOLEUMS$1.00 Linoleums, sale price . 80c.75 Linoleums, sale price 6icand any other Linoleums at proportionate reductions.RUGS$50.00 9x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price $40.0057.50 9x12 Wilton Velvet Rugs, sale price 46.0042.50 9x12 Axminster Rugs, saje price 34.0032.50 9x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price 30.0027.50 9x12 Brussels Rugs, sale price 22.0025.00 9x12 Brussells Rugs, sale price . . . . 20.00These are just a few examples of the big savings we areable to offer you. ,MATTINGS65c Mattings, sale price 5ic55c Mattings, sale price .' 44c45c Mattings, sale price : 36c35c Mattings, sale price -. 28c25c Mattings, sale price 20cAll other floor coverings not mentioned above are at jus tas big values during our Big Cash Sale. Buy now.Join the McOougaSS KitchenCabinet Club Now Startingi Take advantage of the. BIG CASH SALE PRICESto gefc the best Kitchen Csnjnet made.$55.00 McDougalls, sale$52.50 McDougal's, sale45.00 McDougalls, sale$40:00 McDougalls, sale$35.00 McDougalls, sale$30.00 McDou2alls, sale$25.00 McDougalls, saleprice $44.00price 42.00price 36.00price . . . .j 32.00price l 28.00price - 24.00price 20.00We very confidently predictthat it will be a very longtime before you can again buyBRASS andIRON BEDSat the tremendous bargainswe are offering during thissale. You will make no mistake in buying now.wffXmkBedding and SpringsRight at the time when all Bedding and Springs arebeing advanced in price by all manufacturers we are reducing EVERY MATTRESS and SPRING in our stock.These articles will be very much higher a little later.Get yours NOW!Attend the Sale that is areal, bona-fide Money-SavingSale No camouflage.LACE CURTAINS-DRAPERIESEvery pair of Lace Curtains and every yard of Draperyincluded in our Big Cash Sale.vDavenport Suites$60.00 Davenports,50.00 Davenports,49:00 Davenports.35.00 Davenports,30.00 Davenports,25.00 Davenports,sale price,sale price,sale price,sale price,sale price,sale pi ice.$48.0040.0032.0028.0024.0020.00DiningRoomFurnitureIf you are ever going to buy DiningRoom Furniture, buyit while our Big CashSale offers you suchrare opportunities.Our SpringBaby Carriages and GoCarts are all in .stockand are includedin this sale. Youcan save a goodlysum on any one.BpHHT")if you knew as well as we dohow much money we really saveyou during this Big Cash Sale youwould not consider looking elsewhere.Bed RoomFurnitureSee the beautifulpieces we have foryour bed room, andthe wonderful valuesour BIG CASH SALE'offers.'WTfHSSTii MJThis is theSpring that isGuaranteedFor 25 YearsRegular Price$10.50Sale Price$8.40Refrigerators Ycu might as wellbuy your Refrigeratornow, while you cansave 20 per cent.Warm weather is sureto come.S35.00 Writing Desks, sale25.00 Writing Desks, sale20.00 Writing Desks, sale9.00 Matting Boxes, sale7.50 Matting Boxes, sale3.50 Matting Boxes, saleprice $28.00price., 20.00price 16.00price 7.20price 6.00price 2.80We cannot emphasize too stronglythe fact that we are offering ourWHOLE STOCK in the BIG CASHSALE, and that we are not holding aclearance sale. You can figure yoursavings. Just take 20 per cent. off.$45.00 Library Tables, sale price $36.0035.00 Library Tables, sale price 28.0027.50 Library Tables, sale price 22.0125.00 Library Tables, sale price 20.M20.00 Library Tables, sale price 16.0018.00 Tibrary Tables, sale price 14.4012.50 Library Tables, sale price 10.00We want you to cometo the Big Cash Sale,whether you buy oritt. Tell your friends.THE J.T. HINT0N CO.Phones 36PARIS, KENTUCKYCor. Sixth and MainWEWILL SURELYSAVEYOU MONEY)t jfL.i'il"TTrrflBmggrlrn77-T,-- -aiearaTUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.juSSJ&feyFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPUBLIC SALE TO-DAY.The Withers Davis property, onPleasant street, near Tenth, will besold at public sale this afternoon at,two o'clock.1 I mGtiES TO DAYTON.Mr. James Delaney, one of the beiautomobile mechanics in this section, has resigned his position withthe Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.,in Paris, and ha gone to Dayton,Ohio, where he will be in the employ of the Piatt Tiron Works, engaged in making munitions of warfor the American and Allied armies.m m mPOOD ADMUrcSTRATOR TOSPEAK HERE TO-UIGHT.Mr. Fred M. Sackett, of Louisville.Food Administrator of Kentucky,will deliver an address in Paris tonight at 7:30 o'clock, at the courthouse. His address will be entirelydevoted to the "Conservation of FoodStuffs'salers of food stuffs, and all house-!Home Telephone Co., is confined toSOCIAL AND PERSONAL."Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, ThereandElsewhere.Miss Lena Payne is at homefroni a visit to relatives in Maysville. vMrs. John A. Lyle will leavsthis week for Florida, to spend theremainder of the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph. W. Daviswill leave to-morrow for Florida, tospend the rest of the winter.Miss Louise Redmon has returned from a visit to hei aunt,Mrs. Bettie VanMeter, in Lexington. Mrs. George Adair has returned to her home in Muskogee, Oklahoma, after a visit to relatives inParis.Mr. George T. Collins has returned to his home in Hamilton,Ohio, after a visit to friends and ralleatives in this city.Miss Louise Kohlass has returned to her home in Winchester,after a visit to Miss -Margaret Willis,on Duncan avenue.Mr. T. J. Mackey has returnedto her home tn Columbus, Ohio, after a visit to his sister, Mrs. JackWJoods, on Eighth street.Miss Mary Saunders, of theiThelma Ferrell, Fostine Cooper,Niola Colyer and Virginia Carton."Mr.k John Merringer, Sr., whohas been ill for several days, is nowconvalescent.Mrs. John A. Lyle, Mrs. RobertJ. Neely and Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell will leave on February 8 for St.Petersburg, Florida, to spend therest of the winter. "Mis& Pauline Purcell entertained at her home in Lexington, lastweek, in honor of Mrs. Frank Humphrey, of Charleston, W. Va. Mis5Purcell was assisted in receivingand "entertaining her guests by hersister, Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, ofParis.Mr. Lee S. McGohan, associateeditor of the Ewing Inquirer andlepresentative from Fleming county,in the Legislature, . was a caller atTHE NEWS office Saturday afternoon. Mr. McGowan is one of theyoungest, but one of the most brilliant members of the State lawmaking bodies. 'KB 151 WBt NEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.wives, are urged to attend.invited.fe i mAll arePISCAL COURT COMMITTEE SETTLE WITH TREASURER.A clean bill was given to CountyTreasurer Silas E. Bedford, Saturday by the committee from the Fiscal Court, composed of Justices E. P.Thomason, J. N. Shropshire andCounty Attorney D. D. Cline. Thetreasurer's accounts were thoroughly audited, and found correct to acent, all the funds passing throughhis hands in the past year being accurately accounted for.1 13HURT WHILE COASTING.While coasting on Kentucky avenue, George Righter Dundon, agedfourteen, son of Mrs. ElizabethDundon, of Houston aveune, collided with, a sled his brother wascoasting on. Both boys were thrownagainst a telephone pole, GeorgeDundon sustaining serious injuries.He was removed to his home, wherephysicians found he had sustainedconcussion of the brain.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Company, sold last week forMr. Clayton Strode, of Winchester,thirty-five acres of land, located onthe Clintonville pike, near Paris,for about $250 per acre. Robt.Mitchell, whose farm adjoins theland, secured fifteen acres, while theremaining twenty acres was securedby Mr. Henry S. Cay wood. Mr.Caywood formerly owned the landselling it several months ago forabout $200 per acre. It is knownas a portion of the Gratz farm.E PS TBITEACHERS' EXAMINATIONCnnntv Examiners Prof. B. M.Roberts and Miss Susie Clay conduct an examination for countyteachers' diplomas, (white) Saturday, at the office of County Superintendent of Schools J. B. Caywood, inthe court house.Those who took the examinationwere Reynolds Wilson, WalterMitchell, James Rowland, EthelMyers, Anna Leeds, Margaret Longbottom, Hazel Toadvine, ElizabethDavid, Ethel Toadvine, Anna C. David, James Liter and George Filerm m mPUBLIC SALE TO-DAY.The Withers Davis property, onPleasant street, near Tenth, will besold at public sale this afternoon artwo o'clock.rnmnTHE WEATHER.What's the use? An unconditional surrender to the weather fiendsis all left to suffering humanity.Snow, sleet, ice and freezing temperature mark the daily programuntil the conclusion is reached thatthe zones have changed, and Lapland has avalanched down on tbp ofKentucky.Old King Winter is swinging hisclub over this section again, and isthreatening to do worse in the future. "Falling Temperature" wasthe doleful dope handed out by theWeather Bureau.- It came! Heavyfenher home on South Main street,with an attack of measles.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone has returned from a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Lee Starke, and her son, Mr.George Frakes, in Louisville.Mrs. Frank P. Clay and son,Mr. Frances Clay, have returned titheir home in Louisville, after avisit to Mrs. Thompson Tarr, nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. Lewis HurshelHumble, of Somerset, are guests ofMrs. Humble's parents, Mr. andMrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncanavenue.Mis. James McCann, who resides on the Highland farm nearParis, was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, yesterday, for medical treatment.Mt. Sterling Gazette: "JudgeR. H. Winn left Sunday7 for Floridato spend several weeks. Mrs. Winnwill visit relatives at Paris duringJudge Winn's stay in the South."Miss Mary Ross entertained atthe Sweet Shop Saturday afternoonat cards in honor of Miss MargaretWillis, who is soon to become thebride of Mr. Vaughn Drake, of Winchester. Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis has returned to her home in New YorkCity, New York, after an extendedvisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasantstreet.Frankfort State Journal: "Mrs. jRoscoe Sudduth and baby, after avisit to relatives here, returned totheir home in Paris last night. Theywere accompanied home by MissAnna Chambers, who will be Mrs.Sudduth's guest for a week."Mr. J. T. Tucker, Superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.'s local office, has returnedfrom New York, where he attendeda meeting of the Company Superintendents and District Managers atthe home office.Mis. E. M. Dickson returnedSunday night from Little Rock,Ark., where she has been a guestfor several weeks of her daughter,Mrs. Durand Whipple, and MajorWhipple. Mr. Dickson met her atCincinnati and accompanied herhome.The "Notes of the TravelingMen" department in Sunday's Lexington Leader, has the following"Noah Rose, representing Spears &Sons, Paris, Ky., is resting up for afew days. Noah has his territory infine shape and he says his onlytrouble is that he can't supply thedemands for his goods."Perseverance and pluck broughtits reward last week to a Paris boy.Mr. Wm. O'Neill, who is connectedwith a big insurance firm in Dayton, Ohio, was one of the successfulones in a contest for new applications for insurance. He will get atrip to California, accompanied byMrs. O'Neill.Mrs. Lucy Bedford, aged eightyseven, formerly of Bourbon- county,who fell and broke her hip somtime ago at the home of her son, Mr.Edwin Bedford, in Oklahoma City,Oklahoma, is improving remarkablvwell, considering her advanced age,according to letters received DyParis relatives.Miss Irene Bramblett entertained about twenty of her youngfriends last Thursday evening atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. L. R. Bramblett, in White Addition. Dancing and games were theamusements of the evening, afterWhat is Woman's Comm'ttee ofCouncil of Defense?Nebraska answers thus: "TheWoman's Committee of State Council of Defense is a sort of clearinghouse for the patriotic activities oCwomen. It is in no sense a rival ofany organization, nor has it any desire to detract from the activitiesof any other. The intent, from thiNational Committee down, is tDmake use of other existing organizations that are in the field. Not 'a,woman in its officiary receives apenny of salary, and only add thisburden to those they already bearas an act of patriotic service. Certain legitimate expenses are inevitable, and must be borne, as willevery call that come to a libertyloving people. yWhen the opportunety comes we Jrust that every member will cheerfully do her bit."Patriotism is the only requirement for membership. Patriotismmeans love of country, and love, inthe broadest sense, means a desireto serve.The act of one woman is of smallmoment, but that act repeated bymany women, becomes a" great factor in the accomplishment of a definite purpose.Are you a member of the' Woman'sCommittee?A Truly Patriot' c Spirit.This was unsolicited.Paris, Ky., Route 7, Jan. 22, 1918.Dear Mrs. Sutherland:I am sending you a check forthree dollars. Please give it tosome one connected with the Y. W.C. A. fund. I do not want any warrelief contribution to "get by" without our doing our "bit." With bestwishes.Sincerely,ANNA C. CHINN.Mrs. Harry Chinn,Paris, Ky.Route 7.CLEARANCE SALENow Going On!9 Radical Reductions in All Departments !WHkW'WVWinmmwwuMmMmmjiSIMON'S JANUARYSuits and Coats at HalfPrice$20.00lvalues now $ 1 0.OO$25.00 values now .1 2.50$35.00 values now 1 5.00$35.00 values now 1 7.50' $45.00 values now . 22.50.00 values now 25.00Women's Silk and SergeDresses at Half Price$20.00 values now $ 1 O.OO$15.00 values now 1 2.50$30.00 values now 1 5,00$35.00 values now 17.50'$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now 25.00White GoodsLong Cloth in 10-yard Baits Regular, $2.00 values, now $ 1 .59 per boltLong Cloth in lOyard bolts, regular $2.50 values, now $ 1 .98 per boltAll Other White Goods at Extremely Low Prices.Complete Clearance ofBeautiful MillineryAT LESS THAN HALF .$5.0Q Hats now $2.50$7.50 Hats now 3,75,$10.00 Hats now 5.00$15.00 Hats now 7.50Prices on Furs Are Cuty in Half$5.00 values now $ 2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15.00 values now 7.50$20.00 values now 1 O.OO$25.00 values now 12,50$80. qo values now 1 5.00THIS SALE IS STRICTLY FOR CASHNo Goods Charged No Telephone OrdersHARRYMiwirtl)iNmrtOptometry !I .District Meeting of State Federationat Winohester. February 12.Each of our federated clubs is, according to the membership, allowedone official delegate. But that doesnot debar any club-member from attending and bringing back the information and enthusiasm she issure to find there.Let us make Paris look bigger onthe club map than it every has before. Why not try for the largest delegation. We owe it to both ourselves and to our sister city. vThe optometrist is the qualifiedperson to fit the eyes with glasses.The physician that fits glasses ispracticing Optmoetry. His medicalskill is of no value in measuring therpfrap.Hvp. medias of the eye. I ama Graduate Doctor of Optometryand make a specialty in defects o:the eyesight. JDR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 47. 520 Main St.Mrs. House-wife!Attend the conference of grocersand housekeepers at the court houseto-night (Tuesday) at 7:30 p. m.Mr. Sackett, the Food Administrator for Kentucky, will be in charge.It you care to profit by what UncleSam is trying to dofor you, then cooperate with grocers and merchants.They are doing their best to serveus, but they have "their troubles'Let us all get togeiher and helpeach other to win the war.:j --i iFVoW VGfilppf. which chansred to ram,Sunday night, and yesterday Parisi- -i ij 4- n n fmTCkvt -wnrldpeople looiieu uui. u" ..... -,r.iSia? looked the very counterpart of which a delicious l'!'The Progressive Culture ClubCATHEDRALS.Cathedral in Rheimes .... Miss OrrSt. Mark's in Venice . . . Mrs. SimsChurch of Resurrection at Petro-gradCathedral of the Savior at Moscow Miss WyattIceland. Walking was extremeidangerous and only those who werecompelled to be out, ventured on theicy glare that was once the pavements and streets of Paris. The prediction is for a continuation of this"beastly" weather until late in theweek, when there will be a changemnrfl of the same!There is rio prospect of relief. Atany rate Old Winter is making himself about as agreeable in Paris aswould a German in Belgium.Trains were late on the Louisville& Nashville. Interurban service onthe Paris-Lexington lines of theKentucky Traction & Terminal Co.was maintained under ' difficulties,the regular schedule not being mainThp voung people reluctantly left,vntina- Miss Irene an ideal hostess.The Somerset, Ky., Semi-WeeklyNews, says: "Mrs. Morris Harkinsis the pleasant guest of her aunt,Mrs. L. Saloshin, of Paris, Ky.Miss Garthenia Sallee entertainedwith a-Five Hundred party at hehome, on Harvey's Hill, Wednesdayafternoon. Beautiful prizes wereawnrifefl. the first being .won bynr.vB Arvioiin "Richardson and thpguest prize was presented to Mrs.Hershel Humble. Delightful refreshments were seived. The following were present: Mesdames Hershel Humble, Sam Humble, NealWaddle and Jean Smith; MissesAmelia Richardson, Thelma Farrell,I Stella Newton, Ella Mae Waddle,Paris Literary Club At the Y. W.C. A.Canadian Middle West.. Miss SteeleCanadian Rockies From a; Car Window. Banff, the Beautiful Miss Spears"The Patrol of the Sun Dance Trail"Review Mrs. BowerFirst Records byJASCAHEFEITZjthe wonderful boyviolinist who astounding New Yorkby his genius.Ave MariaI2-in $1.50Scherzo-Taran-telle12-in $1.50Valse Bluette10-in $1.00Chorus of DervishesFRANK & CO.Store Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCE-SALEct'UNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD.The Board of the Paris Federationof "Women's Club will meet at theY. M. C. A. at 3:30 p. m. on Wednesday immediately following thesessions of the two Literary Clubs.Will all Y. W. C. A. captainsplease send in their final reports toMrs. Duncan Bell immediately. Ourapportionment should be sent toMrs. A. M. Harrison by February 1.The C. W. B. M. will hold itsmonthly meeting in the parlors offife Christian Church on Friday.February 1, at 2:30 p. m.Leader Mrs.T. H. Clay, Jr.Subject African Superstition.I III $1.00 I ;1 DAUGHERTY I !I BR0S. III SB MI .... HSPECIAL PRICES'ON ALLr suitsCOATSand' DRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance.cFRANK & CO.fotained.j .-- .X - -V"NAs-)-.. i J-i : . i' i i in i hi i ipi wwiitwi. ili'1ll)HMMli.Bll(iriHWliMMifflGE'SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY 29,. 1'918.;&f "'sitwi'VCIfIIif.ifi!ii11h; !-i ;' ': iI1 1J!tMTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.Bourbon WarehouseFriday, Jan. 25.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse"Company sold at the Paris WarehouseFriday, a total of $140,975 pounds, & tobacco for $37,422.13, the enlire floor averaging $26.54 per hun.4red pounds. The quality of the offerings were of medium grade and-the market closed strong on allgrades. The following crop averageswrere reported:Raymond Taylor sold 1,360 poundsof tobacco for an average of $37.37per hundred pounds.Bodkin & Henry sold 4,665 poundsfor an average of $31.92 per hundredpounds.Jones & Shaw sold 1,770 poundsfor an average of $30fper hundredpounds.Caywood & Hill sold 5,725 poundsfor an average of $30.18 per hundredpounds.Collier & Mitchell sold 7,015pounds for an average of $33.39 perhundred pounds.Fister & Clayton sold 2,305 poundsfor an average of $31.74 per hundredpounds.Skillman & Jones sold 2,450 poundsfor an average of $34.67 per hundred pounds.Jones &"Shaw sold 1,585 poundsfor an average of 30.20 per hundredpounds.Thompson & Bramble sold 10,095pounds for an average of $29.57 perhundred pounds.Burri? & Jackson sold 2,570 poundsfor an average of $29.32 per hundred pounds.Stoker & Burroughs sold 1,570pounds for an average of $32.84 pernundred pounds.Connell & Shanks sold 2,870founds for an average of $30.74 pernundred pounds.W. P. Linville sold 4,060 poundsfor an average of $31.82 per hundred,pounds.W. F. Cain sold 2,605 pounds foran average of $30.40 per hundred.pounds.Rankin & Wagoner sold 2,810"Ipounds for an average of $33.54 pernundred pounds.Grant Galloway sold 1,250 poundsfor an average of $36.91 per hundredpounds.John Toohey sold 2,730 pounds forn average of $29.53 per hundredpounds.The first sale Tuesday, January 29,will be to finish the block in the, Paris House, after which the sale willbegin at the Bourbon House.Independent WarehouseFriday, Jan. 25.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company held a sale at theirwarehouse on South Main Street,Friday, disposing of 152,020pounds of tobacco for $40,976.46, anaverage of $26.95 per hundredpounds. Special features of theday's sale were the crop averagesobtained by several growers. Mr.Wm. B. Ardery, of near Paris, ob- Jarined an average of $87.93 per hundred on 3.3SI0 pounds of tobacco.Two b&alMts in this crop brought50 amd $52.50 per hundred poundsINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyJ 'DULY SALESWILL BEHELDBeginning Wednesday, January 23rdThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.respectively. Whaley, Clark & Harney sold a crop of 3,795 pounds foran average of $38.35 per hundredpounds. The Griffith sisters andHatfield sold 1,970 pounds for anaverage of $37.98 per hundredpounds, and Jones, Webber & Flutysold 9,125 pounds of tobacco for anaverage of $36.94 per hundredpounds.The following crop averages werereported :Griffith & Hatfield sold 2,845pounds for an average of $24.26 perhundred pounds.W. K. Dudley sold 765 pounds foran average of $33.52 per hundredpounds.Whaley & Smart sold 3,490 poundsfor an average of $33.75 per hundred pounds.Chas. Walls sold 2,725 pounds foran average of $24.26 per hundredpounds.Clark Well sold 1,365 pounds foran average of $23.73 per hundredpounds.John C. Clay sold 1,965 poundsfor an average of $28.16 per hundred pounds.Wornall & Robinson sold 875pounds for an average of $27.54 perhundred pounds.Redmon & Ritchie sold 2,560pounds for an average of $23.02 perhundred pounds.Harry B. Clay sold 1,365 poundsfor an average of $25.80 per hundred pounds.Early wine & Redmon sold 2,475pounds for an average of $26.52per hundred pounds.Griffith & Hatfield sold. 2,845pounds for an average $24.91 perhundred pounds.George B. Leeds sold 3,690 poundsfor an average of, $33.53 per hundred pounds.Wm. B. Ardery sold 3,390 poundsfor an average of $37.93 per hundred pounds.Griffith sisters & Hatfield sold1,970 pounds for an average of$37.98 per. hundred pounds.Boardman & Crump sold 3,010pounds for an average of $26 perhundred pounds.Jones, Webber & Fluty sold 9,125pounds for an average of $36.94 perhundred pounds.Parks & Bount sold 4,900 poundsfor an average of $32.59 per hundred pounds.Clay & Roe sold 3,735 pounds foran average of $34.05 per hundredpounds.Marr & Humphrey sold 2,140pounds for an average of $25.77 perhundred pounds.T. Hinkle & Son sold 3,055 poundsfor an average of $35:25 per hundred pounds.Redmon & Martin sold 2,450pounds for an average of $25.39 perhundred pounds.Early wine & Redmon sold 2,190pounds for an average of $29.09 perhundred pounds.Whaley, Clark & Harney sold3,795 pounds foe an average of$38.35 per hundred pounds.Harding & Green sold 2,610pounds for an average of $31.76 perhundred pounds.Thomason & Fraley sold 4,970(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY' rpounds for an average of $29.92 peihundred pounds.At Paris WarehouseThursday, Jan. 24.At the Paris House John J. Redmon & Brooks, of North Middletown, sold a very fine crop of tobacco containing 5738 pounds foran average of $27.28. The basketssold as follows: $44.50, $43.50,$45.50, $49.50. $45, $47.50, $44.$44, $32, $34, $33.50, $42.50,$41.50, $33, $28.50, $29, $22,$20.50, $14.50, $15, $22, $34, $34,$39.50, $39, $40, $42.50, $41, $44,$38.50, $35, $37, $38, $44, $34,$45, $37.50, $43,50, $42, $45.50,$35, $32.50, $27, $24, $22, $16.50,$12.50 and $8.Some of the crop averages thatwent as high 'as $30 at the ParisHouse as follow:C. N. Redmon, 1,985 pounds, average $30.80."Jonas Weil, average $31-22.Cook & Oldson, 2,845 pounds, average $30.79.Henry Judy, 2,990 pounds, average $30.88.Flanders & Carter, 2,935 pounds,average $32.18.Cunningham & Derrick, 1,175pounds, average $31.23.Parrish & Adams, 1,405 poundsaverage $38.63.Connel & Shanks, 2,265 pounds,average $35.70.At Bourbon WarehousesThursday, Jan. 24.The Bourbon house had an offeringthat taxed the capacity of the floor.Thp offerings aeereerated 254,700pounds and sold for an average of$27. Among tne gooa crop averages scored were:Buckley, Leer & Ransdall, 4,035pounds, average $31.90.Sam Ardery, 1,430 pounds, average$31.81.Hancock & Thompson, 2,175pounds, average $35.28.Vimont & Letton, 1595 pounds,average $32.29.J. H. Klump, 2,155 pounds, average$34.60.Talbott & Eldridge, 910 pounds,average $33.91.Grimes & Reffett, 3,670 pounds,average $34.09.Rogers & Florence, 1,190 pounds,average $36.36.Grimes & Butler, 2,955 pounds,average $34.14.Gaitskill & Stevens, 3,955 pounds,average $31.63.Bedford & Webb, 7,530 pounds,average $34.43.T. W. Brock, 11,345 pounds, average $36.11.Kenney & Mattox, 7,860 pounds,average $32.65.Weideman & Patterson. 2.930pounds, average $30.03.m pi mThe poorest man in the world isthe man who has tried everythingmoney will buy and is hungry forjust the things it won't buy.PI PI PIThe Bolsheviki are determined tohave peace with Germany, if theyhave to declare war on Russia toget it.1 HWHY NOTHtiBOHZE THE AUTOMOBILES, ALSO?"President- Wilson's message toCongress; setting forth His reasonsfor mobilizing the railroads underGovernment control, inferentiallyimposes upon automobile users andmanufacturers the need to co-operatevoluntarily with the spirit ofthe message of mobilizing the automobile through individual initiative," said J. N. Gunn, President ofthe United States Tire Company."Several weeks' ago Colonel Samuel P. Colt, President of the UnitedStates Rubber Company, in an interview, urged automobile owners ofboth passenger and commercialcars to use their cars more and moreto relieve the transportation pressure on the Nation's railroads andmerchants' delivery service. Otherleaders in the country's business, notalone those in the automobile industry, have since urged that this advice be followed. It has met withunanimous approval."Individual economy should bepracticed to the end that no wasteage shall result. . It is not' necessaryto assume that National means curtailing the use of automobiles."The natural function of the automobile, both passenger and commercial, is the transportation of manand merchandise for short hauls. Ifthis is realized, a tremendousamount of railroad mileage may bediverted from short hauls to longhauls, and just that much pressureon the railroads' transportation facilities relieved."National economy means readjustment, but not necessarily curtailment of the markets for commercial and passenger automobiles.!Nor will it reduce the use of automobile tires or other accessoriesnecessary to the efficient operationof a motor car."The National need calls for constructive economy in the operationof automobiles, but not in unthinking curtailment."It is my firm belief that, whenwe have satisfactorily ended thiswar, the automobile anVl kindred industries will find a market for allthe goods that they can. producedMany concerns are being called upon by the Government for war products. This will spur these manufacturers on to a use of their remaing facilities in even greater efficiency than has ever been knownbefore, 80 that during and after thewar all of their facilities will be required." ta fti ftWe don't know when the Avar isgoing to end, but we'll bet moneyright now that when it finally doesthere'll be a lot of people who'llwant to claim the credit for settlingit.mMMMmjMmMmttmmMiMThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.Leads inWeinningtBegDailySalesBourbon Tobacco WareWEATHER HELPS EAS3J XETTUCKY COAL MDIIHG.The mountains continue in thegrip of some of the worst weatherever known in the history of Eastern Kentucky. Snow is still fallingalmost every day, and at many timeswhen the thermometer neared zero.There is much suffering, especiallyamong the poor.Practically all business is suspended and very little outside development work is going on. Manypeople employed in building andconstruction work have gone intdthe mines and are now digging coal.As a result coal is being mined ingreater quantities than ever bef oreOperators are furnished all the carsthey can load and there is unusualactivity everywhere. There is notan idle mine in the entire coalfields.i ft ft ftTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough. Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used t.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time and 'bother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,Diitrict Manager. JfaMtl Manager.A LegallyPP .ABiavThink of it.iilr.Farmer.here's a remedy for hoz cholera 'Vfin llrsMthat Is sold under a "Legal Guarantee Bond' How "vl ivajcan you afford to take chances against ho? cholera Oilinf iI2&when you can $ret this remedy on such terms? wHIif ICI CIBonrbcra HogIs the only rsncyJy ever pet up that iscuaranteed to euro and prevent hoc choleraIt doen the 'irorfc better thnii'anT ether known remedy, oritrwouldnor LukcM t.i. Bucli a ctrong guarantee. Quart, Sl.Sf, Gallon J5.U). At AllUrugrisU.BOURBON REMRDY COMPANY. LexinSton. Ky.(Incorporated)AveragesInvite Comparison.Wednesday, Jan, 23Will Be HeldCLOSDTG OEDER EXEMPTS .TBift-s- F'tHANDLERS AMD MAMEM8 MOF POOD..& 'The Food Administration v issued .-.an order Friday exempting "every ."sort of food handling, manufactur- ; -ingor distributing agency" from the; ffuel restriction order.Food Administrator Hoover issur:ed the following statement:"The Food Administration wishesit clearly understood that Dr. Garfield's order does not include grainelevators, potato or vegetable hous-res, cold storage, all forms of grainstorage, grain and feed mills, .cerealproduct manufacturers, bakers, earners milk dealers, creameries, co;densers and all other milk product Jmanufactories, packing and slaughter houses, ice plants and refrigerators, sugar manufacurers, commi?sion, wholesale and retail tradesin fact every sort of food handling,manufacturing o r distributing:agency."CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipation,and indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. GUARANTEED CURECholera RemedyaObtained!- ct 'bouse Co.i1JVsr(Incorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager,(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYsrKi '.- ' y.yt'-' !.;, ;-;' l-V" ' ':J' S ---. 1r -. . , ? . - ?.'; - V .,. jc..1, v:,.'-, 'V ', ?'.:'- I IB9kl . . 1119 ' ,TmmnnrMim TMMmw.!r .- y- , -. -.,,. . . , Bl laBBWMHWJwfwiAWffwiivWlTlf VW1 111 IW """ B1 1MJMKJGBBwglBMB'p.TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGl'siTMJOT EIVE MINUTES! NOINDIGESTION, GAS ORSOUR, ACID STOMACHTie Moment 'Tape's Diapepsin"Reaches the Stomach AllDistress Goes.' "Really does" put upset stomachsin order "really does" overcomeindigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn and sourness due to acid fermentation in five minutes thatjust that makes Pape's Diapepsinthe largest selling stomach antacidand regulator in the world. If whatyou eat ferments and turns sour,you belch gas and eructate undigested food or water; head is dizzyand aches; breath foul; tonguecoated; your insides filled, with indigestible waste, remember the moment "Pape's Diapepsin" comes incontact with the stomach all suchdistress vanishes. It's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and thejoy is its harmlessness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin is worth its weight ingold to men and women who can'tget their stomachs regulated. Itbelong in your home should always be kept handy in case of asick, sour, upset stomach during theday or at night. It's the quickest,surest antacid for the stomach :nthe world. (adv)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange.. a h...tif..i iin r r.f.i.n. ..f A beautiful line of Garlands on dlafelay. Coma In and look them over.n n o rifatt ti?K Kr FJprfnr Inacu ia uciaotiuieiiru: v,o.(Incorporated)&I IK 1NOWISTHETIMETO FIGURE ONSpringAND.PaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 3S9KANE BROS.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Fhone 40GER5IA2TY SETS POETH AIMS INRUSSIA.BERLIN, Jan. 28. Count vonHertling, in his address before the Riechstag committee, saidthat the evacuation of Russian territory was a question which onlyconcerns Russia and the Centralpowers.Commenting on the fourteenpoints in the program for worldpeace set forth in President Wilson's address to Congress, the chancellor said some diflicuties wouldbe met with.Gernrajiy never demanded the incorporation of Belgium territory byviolence, the chancellor asserted. Hesaid the fate of Poland would bedecided by Germany and AustriaHungary. When all other questions had beensettled, he added, Germany would beready to discuss the question of aleague of peace.The chancellor declared that Germany did not wish annexations byvolence, but that the question ofnorthern France could be discussedonly by France and Germany. Heasserted there could be no talk ofthe cessation of Alsace-Lorraine.Regarding points nine, ten andeleven in the President's speech,Count von Hertling said he mustleave the answer in the first placeto Austria, but that where Germaninterests were concerned they wouldbe defended energetically.The chancellor demanded that theleaders of the nations at war withGermany set forth new proposals.The terms outlined by PresidentWilson and Premier Lloyd Georgecontained certain principles whichcould be accepted by Germany, hesaid, but the concert proposals wereunsatisfactory.Austria-Hungary and America,Count Czernin said, were two belligerents whose interests were less incompatible than they seemed. Hecharacterized the speech of President Wilson regarding war aims asan important advance toward theAustria-Hungary viewpoint whichcontained some proposals in whichAustria-Hungary would gladly join.The foreign minister said thepopulation of Poland would decideits own fate. The Polish questionmust not delay peace one day. IfPoland after the war wished to advance toward Austra-Hungary suchan advance would be welcomed.Interpretation of the right offree action of peoples had caused &difference between Russia and Germany, said Count Czernin, but acompromise must be reached. Thedifferences of view were not greatenough to justify abandonment ofthe peace negotiations."It is obvious to me," said CountCzernin, "that an exchange of viewsbetween America and Austria-Hungarymight form the starting pointfor a conciliatory discussion amongall States which have not yet entered into peace negotiations."Commenting on the fourteenpoints in President Wilson's waraims speech, Count Czernin said, according to an Exchange telegraphdispatch from Copenhagen, thatAustria-Hungary and America werevirtually .in agreement regardingthe great principles for new arrangements after the war.WASHINGTON SEES NO SUBSTAN-TIAL ADVANCE TOWARDWAR END.Washington, Jan. 28. Basedon the cabled outlines of the speech-os of the German and Au8triahpremiers, the opinion is expressedPaintingmay both derive sanst'actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecoat i3 noniaal, wiile th pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169 2!.tb.by officials here that no substantialadvance toward the final peacesought by all belligerents has resulted from these declarations.It is true thai expressions ofCount Czernin, the Austrian premier, appear to be more conciliatoryin tone than previous utterancesfrom that quarter, but beyond vaguestatements that the possibilities ofpeace negotiations are contained inthe addresses of President Wilsonand Premier Lloyd George, there isno suggestion of a surrender of anyof the extreme conditions of themilitary element in the CentralStates.The German premier's address, indeed, is couGhed in the language ofa victorious general, and it is notedthat nowhere does he specificallyabandon the claim for indemnity andterritory. In fact, from the cabledabstract it appears' that he has become more uncompromising andmilitaristic in his position than hewas when he assumed office and firstaddressed the Reichstag.The renunciation of Count Czernin, the Austrian premier, of anyclaim against Russia for indemnityor annexation, it is noted, does notextend to other nations.PRESIDENT WILSON'S FOURTEENTERMS OF PEACE.1 Open covenants of peace without private international understandings. 2 Absolute freedom of the seasin peace or war except as they maybe closed by international action.3 Removal of all economic barriers and establishment of equalityof trade conditions, among nationsconsenting to peace and associatingthemselves for its " maintenance.4 Guarantees for the reductionof national armaments to the lowestpoints consistent with domesticsafety.5 Imperial adjustment of allcolonial claims based upon the principle that the peoples concernedhave equal weight with the interest of the government.6 Evacuation of all Russian territory and opportunity for Russia'spolitical development.7 Evacuation of Belgium without any attempt to limit her sovereignty. 8 All French territory to befreed and restored and reparationfor the taking of Alsace-Lorraine.9 Readjustment of Italy's frontiers along clearly recognizable linesof nationality.10 Freest opportunity for autonomous development of the peoplesof Austria-Hungary.11 Evacuation of Rumania, Serbia and Montenegro, with access tothe sea for Serbia, internationalguarantee of economic and politicalindependence and territorial integrity of the Balkan States.12 Secure sovereignty for Turkey's portion of the Ottoman empire;but with other nationalities underTurkish rule assured security of lifeand opportunity for" autonrcraous(3fe Most Becuitiful Car inJmenoctTHE modest price. of the Paige Linwdod "Six-39" fails to measurethe real value offered in this popular five-passenger car.Even five hundred dollars more could not buy you greater utility,because the Linwood provides everything a family could possiblyrequire for daily motoring service.Comfort, roominess, sturdiness, reliability and beauty those are thefive qualities that especially distinguish this car among the lightsixes' of popular price.You willi like the Linwood and become as enthusiastic over its meritsas the thousands of owners now driving it. Ask for a demon'stration.Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger $2850; Town Car "Six-55" 7-passenger$J230 Limousine "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230; Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850; Brooklands 4assenger$1795; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenger $1330; Glendale "Six-39" Chummy Roadster $1330; Dartmoor"Six-39" 2 or 3-passenger $1330; Sedan "Six-39" 5-passenger $1925. All F -es f. o.b. Detroit.PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICfflGANF. P. WHITEWittx Dickerson & Douglas Qoraee. 4th aaad Misb Sts., Fe.rieSERVICE STATIONT5r5s?ET?V2WbssSs3EKT-'.-nananMBwcnssmiViJidevelopment, with the Dardanellespermanently open to all nation 3.13 Establish rir-nt of an independent Polish Sate, including terlitories inhabited by indisputablyFolish populations, with free accessto the sea and political and economic independence and territorial integrity guaranteed by internationalcovenant.14 General association of naions under speifi covenants ormutual guarantees of political independence and territorial Integrity tolarge and small qfp alike.THE BEST P.O'F GIVEN BY APARIS CITIZEN.Doan's Kidnpy Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened .the evidence. Has proven the results lasting.The testimony is home testimony The proC convincing.It can be investigated by Parisresidents.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidnev trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through atthat time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in t wo.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me inthe back with a heavy axe it couldnot have hurt worse. In one weekafter " using Doan's Kidney Pills, Ifelt like a different woman, for theyfixed me up in fine shape. (Statement given February 17, 1908.)RESULTS THAT REMAINOn November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade -a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply 'ask for a kidney remedvget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Mil-burn,Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. V.(adv)5 "H WS ""DO YOU P"c,n"n,WT5 WXARY OF$onn op. TWEE?Aooordine o a mandatorv orderreceived at Internal Revenue Collector Percy Haley's office in Lexi'ner-ton, every corporation, firm or individual in the Sate, employing during the year 1917 any person at asalary of $800 or more, is requiredto furnish the office with the nameand address of the person receivingsaid salary. This data must be furnished prior to the first day" ofMarch, 1918.- i -JsA' VJWS- - 9 ",esaHBMPmr j3EO. W. DAVISl-UNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth end Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINSFROMNo34251011403:1233189138381939143223913031Atlanta, dailyCynthiana, daily except SundayRowland, daily except SundayMaysville daily except SundayLexington daily except SundayCincinnati. O., dailyLexington, dailyChicago, dailyLexington Daily Except SpndayMaysville, Daily Except SundayLexington, DailyKnoxville, Tenn.. DailyMaysville, DailyCincinnati. Daily Except SundayLexington, Daily Except SundayJacksonville, Pla.. DailyCincinnati, Sunday onlyLexington DailyCincinnati, O., Dailyx TRAINS FORNo. i34 Cincinnati, waily40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday11 Lexington, daily except Sunday10 Maysville, daily except Sunday13 Lexington, daily except Sunday37 Knoxville. dall.33 Jacksonville, dailv18 Maysville, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sundav38 Cincinnati, dally h39 Lexington, daily except Sunday ,9 Rowland. Daily except Sunday14 Maysville, daily except Sunday19 Lexington, Dally' 32 Chicago, daily30 Cynthiana dailv except Sunday131 Lexington, Daily . .31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily INO. . TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ftc Sunday .. 7:31 a. mi4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Mx. Sunday 5:50 9, mTRAINS Df PART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Sx, Sanday 8:25 a. m"ffFrtttfcfOrt, Ky., Xfefcy Mr. Swaday V..., :M -. r . .. t a..-i C U'-1I1ARRIVAL....5:25 am7:35 am7:3$ am7:38 am7:40 am10:03 tm10:02 ai10:15 am12:00 m3:00 pin3:07 90a3:15 pm5:40 pm5:50 pm6:18, pn6:33 pm9:30 pm10:23 p i.t'...., tt, 10:38 pm. LtAVfc5:39 am7:45. am7:47 na7:41am10:25 ait10:310:30 an12:04 jt-3:25 in3:39 pm5:57 pug:6 pi;33 bi5:35 9 mg:38 pm5:48 am.. .... . .15:45 ft.. . .10:45 wmrsN........imw1 1 111 iiiiiniwitiwuwijiwaimiaiMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. 1OTI35DAT, JANTJJJtX Jfv 11S.'TltxEVEIGHTr-m-M .-.,... ....................... ...... !'TT1 M M 'M'PiglWlltlMllllMlllllIllllMllllHlMIMllIlMIMIMIMIIWlMBMBMBMMMigJllVlM fT'l '.tJTCSE2E? THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO, HI .1HMaMMtowfcAMri4t-Ti-fIi- it31I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . .56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. 'ourWr-H'-H'll"l'I' I-4--'-I"I"I"I"l"r'I"M"I"I"I'I"I"l"I44"H"H"H"I-'H''II-MILLERSBURG--Miss Nancy Whaley, of the Louisville Graded School, spent lastlast week at home on account of theshortage of coal.Mrs. A. T. Maffott and brother, jIVlr. Lee Clarke, the latter of Louisville, were guests of their sister,Mrs. James Price, at Escondida, lastWednesday.Mrs. Ruth Peed and Miss Margaret B. Clark left Saturday forBirmingham, Ala., the former tovisit her daughter, Miss DorothyPeed, the latter her cousin, Mrs. A.J. Lamb.Mrs. C. R. Jones and littledaughters, Elizabeth and Catherine,are among the sick; Mrs. G. W.Clifford Is able to be out again; Mr.JT. H. Stewart and Mrs. Sarah Sheaimprove slowly.3tfrs. "William Cannon and littledaughter, of Paris, were guests ofIier parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. H.Jones, from Friday until Monday.Mr. Cannon was in the Jones homeSaturday and Sunday.W. GardnerR. M. Johnson; Second Vice-President--Miss Elizabeth Fisher; Recording Secretary Miss LouiseBruce; Treasurer Miss Mabel Metcalfe; Corresponding SecretaryMiss Hattie Wood; Superintendentof Study and Publicity Mrs. J. E.Pool; Superintendent of SuppliesMrs. E. D. Baldwin; Superintendentjof Social Service Miss Stella Hurst.To the officers and members ofAmity Lodge No. 40, F. and A.:Your committee appointed to draftresolutions of respect upon thedeath of Bro. Ben Woodiwho departed this life Dec. 22, 197, agedsixty-eight years, beg to submit thofollowing:Bro. Wood was demitted fromSardis Lodge No. 106, Sardis, Ky.,and became a member of this lodgeAugust 1, 1916.Bro. Wood, by his cheerful, quietand unassuming manner, and constant attendance upon our meetigs, had endeared himself to thtmembers of Abity Lodge No. 40His worth to the institution, hislove for the fraternity, was demonstrated in his everyday walk andconversation.Wednesday, January 30thMadame Pet r ovain the Lasky Production66FII 199By Dolf Wyllarde on Paramount ProgramWm. Duncan and Carol Hollowayin the sixth episode of"Vengeance and the Woman"Also two comedies.Thursday, January 31stMargery Wilsonin Triangle Production"Mountain Dew"andSlim Summer ville, Glenn CavenderPeggy Pearce, in"THE DOG CATCHER"A farce with a real punch. Keystone intwo parts. Also Triangle Comedy"HIS BABY DOLL"ALAMO ORCHESTRAUnder Direction ofWALTER H. SCRIBNERwill feature the following numbers:WEDNESDAYKing's Bal Masque Suitea Dervishesb Bluebeard and Fatima "c Hindoo Priests,d CossacksTHURSDAYSelections from II TrovatorePricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris jGrand-Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5s30Rarls Grand . 7 to 10:30!DEATHS.-TWO BITS A DAY CLUBS.ELDRIDGE.The funeral of Mr. Jos. B.Eldridge, aged sixty-three whodied at his home in Lexington, Friday afternoon, from a stroke ofparalysis, was held in Lexington,yesterday morning at ten o'clock,services conducted by Rev. I. J.Spencer. The body was brought toParis by automobile, accompaniedby the funeral party, and interredon the family lot in the Paris Cemetery.Mr. Eldridge was a resideut of membersthis county for many ' years, butmoved to Lexington. Besides hiswife, Mrs. Fenton M. Eldridge, heis survived by three daughter,Misses Ova and Ollie Eldridge, ofLexington; Mrs. A. L. Grant, of Anderson, Ind.; six sons, Edward Eldjidge, of Savanah, Ga.; Capt. JohnEldridge, of Camp Dix; Estill Eldridge, of Camp Stewart, at NewportNews, Va.; Charles Eldridge, ofChicago, and Gilbert and RobertEldridge, of Lexington.Out in Phoenix, Ariz., a movementhas been inaugurated for the formation of "Two Bits a Day" clubsthe members of which are to buy aquarter's worth of Thirft Stampsevery day. Three ,men each took ahundred Thirft cards, pasted onestamp in each card, and sold the entire lot before two blocks had beencovered."Two bits" is the old term, dating back to the early days of thu icountry, for a quarter of a dollar,and is still used in the South andWest Every patriotic Americannow wants "to do his bit;" theof these clubs are carrying out this idea finely in doingtheir "two bits" every day. It is tobe hoped that "Two Bits a Day"clubs will be formed all over thecountry in the great war-savingscampaign.GCash Raising Sale.A.atttev. ana Mrs. j. w. arane- Resolved, That Amity Lodge No.left Thursday lor a visit to reia-;40 hai Tost a trilp aTlfl faithfulJ, i ,. - J. T-- , 'Lives at somerset, J.v., to De -preb- mprnhpr- th pnmrminilv jit "hcmPtI ------and upright citizen; the church azealous Christian worker, his familya loving, indulgent father and husband. To the bereaved family and friendsent at the dedication of the newMethodist church of that city. Theywill return Wednesday.Mr. Leonard Giovanolli, of Lex-'ington, who has been ill for soni2time, has returned to the M. M. I .where he is a member of the class !we tender our heartfelt sympathy,of '19. Mr. Giovanolli is a son -rf'.and point them to the SupremeMr.' Harry Giovanolli, managing J Grand Architect of the Universe,editor of the Lexington Leader. who knoweth all things best.Rev. A. S. Venable has been ap-' We recommend that a copy ofpointed as President of Sayre Col- j these resolutions be spread upon thelege, Lexington, to fill the vacancy minutes of this lodge, a copy be sentcaused by the resignation of Dr. j to the bereaved family, and a copyStucky, who has been called into j to the county papers for publicawar service in New York. Rev i tion.Tenable has been granted permis- Ision by his church to spend one day jevery week in Lexington looking af-R.R.Wter the interest of the institution.He has been a member of the Boardof Education for several years.-The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety of the Methodist church,.held its first meeting of the newrear Wednesday afternoon with Mrs.D. P. Jones. The new officers areas follows: President Miss OliveFisher; First Vice-President Mi.M. CALDWELL,C. BORNER,A. BUTLER,Committee.a tss 1KBToo bad that Guatemala r earthquake did not select the location ofGerman Great Headquarters' for itsactivity. ,l Ifc' feiSuccess is more often the rewardof patience than of brilliance.4I More Money From the Same FeedThat's the experience of every farmer who uses AvalonFarms Hog-Tone. "Tone" a hog and he thrives better.He assimilates a bigger percentage of his food. He is' notheld back in his growth by the dozens df parasites anddisorders that are an ever present menace to his growth.Read this letter about getting more value from the samefeed.PIasfITHE AVALON FARMS COMPANY,Chicago, 111. .In answer to your inquiry of my succes in feeding HogTone, will say-that it has been with good success. I wouldsay that it is a great appetizer, and will Iso say that it isbenefieial to any hog that is not feeding out good. A manwill get more feeding values from his feed if he will keephis hogs in good condition and I haye found no better conditioner than Avalon Farms Hog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.It's only plain business sense treat every herd o f hoyou raise withAVALON FARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale ByARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYr w mm mMOORE.The funeral of Mr. GeorgeMoore, aged seventy, who diedhis home in Lexington, 'Saturdaymorning, was held at the residencayesterday morning at eleven o'clock,with services conducted by Re.Mark Collis. The body was taken inan automobile,4 accompanied " bymembers of the funeral party toMillersburg for interment in ' theMillersburg Cemetery. ' !The pall-bearers were Andrew,Dykes, Wm. Nugent, Tollie Talbott.fPrice Johnson, John W. Bedford andPerry Bedford.Mr. Moore was a son of James!Moore, and was born and raised inMontgomery county. Besides hiswife, Mrs. Susie B. Moore, he is survived by five brothers, Rev. ShermaaMoore, of Butler, Mo.; Rev. AlleiiMoore, of Savanah, Ga.; Rev. Clarence Moore, of Brownwood, Tex.;Wm. L .Moore, of Daniels, Va.; JasMoore, of Winchester; four sisters,Mrs. J. J Salmons and Mrs. Thos.Hall, of Winchester; Mrs. TollieTalbott, Lexington, and Mrs. A. G.Payne, of Tampa, Florida.For one week, beginning Monday,(January 28, I will offer all watches,lrtlr lAfiriclocks, jewelry and optical goods atone-half price for cash in hand.Eye examination free during thisperiod without obligation to the customer. O. L. FRYE,Jeweler and Optometrist,203 Main St., opp. Windsor Hotel.QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods maybe "as represented," but the quality is noil there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets .... 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine and Spruce Balsam25c and 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Tcilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for cnapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Establishod 1878 415 Main StrfSCOTT.Mrs. Julia Riggs Scott, aged.I eighty-nine, died at her home in !Falmouth last week, of the infirmities of age. She was the widow of jthe late Mr. Robert Scott. Mrs.Scott was the daughter of Benjamin;M. and Agnes Wilson Riggs, and!was born in Paris on March 12,1829. In her girlhood she moved tojFalmouth. jOn January 10, 1865, she was!married to Mr. Robert Scott, whocwned and resided on what is knownas the Hutchcraft farm in Harrisoncounty. Mr. Scott died in Paris in1888. She is survived by one daughter, Miss Agnes Scott, who is ateacher in the Falmouth PublicSchool, and two brothers, Capt. W.B. Riggs, of Covington, and Capf.B. T. Riggs, of Cynthiana, and onesister, Mrs. N. S. Dickerson, of Falmouth. Funeral &eivices were held at thefamily home in Falmouth, afterwhich the body was taken to Cynthiana for interment in Battle GroveCemetery. Services were conductedthere by Rev. J. D. Armistead, of theCynthiana Christian church.tQ 3 C5wha:I0TTT THIS W THE WINTER TIME?While dipping water out of an oldpond which was covered with several ' inches of ice, near the Cincinnati Southern depot, in Nicholasville, John Watts, the 10-year-oldson of former County Attorney William Watts, dipped, up a young alligator, iThe boy has had several offers4-to buy the alligator, but so far hasdeclined. He is keeping it at hishome in a tub of water. i191Even if you haven't greatly helped in any real work of progress itis something to your credit if j'ouThis Store Will Be Closed on MondaysClearance Sale!A PRICE-SLASHING SALE OF WINTER FOOTWEAR! In spite cf the high pricesprea!3ing in shoedom, we are.compelled to make a GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURNINTO CASH the balance of ourKan sysizfll&fHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sINTER FOOTWEAR!The Following are But a Few of the Many ExtraordinaryBargainsThat Await You Here :Men's Tan English Shoes$5.00 values atMen's Russ. Tan English BeaconS5.50 values at...'Men's Patent English Nettleton anddo QCother makes $7.00 valuers at'- pJ.0Men's Gun Metal Button. Walk-Over,small sizes, atMen's Gun Metal Button- $3.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Lace$2.75 values at.$3.49$4.50$3.50$2.49$1.99Ladies' Havana Brown Tan EnglishS5.00 values atLadies' Dark Tan English Boots$6. 00 values atLadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6. 00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grev ClolhTop Boots $5.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button13.00 values at t$3.49$4.49$3.95$3.49$2.49ies Assorted bmall bize fr-t n 1 ACShoes ?4.00 values at...91v9-1.9dLadies' Assorted Small SizeBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale Prices.Lot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cSale Now Going On!For Cash Only!yDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignJyway.can say that you kept out of th