T)r'..xNEWSTHE-rcr.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1918BOURBONV"WINCHESTER VISITEDBY WORSTDISASTER IN YEARSOur neighboring city of Winchester was visited about eight o'clockSaturday night by what will probably for many years be known as theworst disaster in the history of thatprogressive city. Twelve persons wereinstantly killed, and twenty-five werseriously injured when the walls ofthe Luman building adjoining, whichhad just passed thiough a disastrouslire, caved in on the Pastime Theatre, next door.The dead are A. Feld, aged sixtyfive, a brother of Mr. David Feld, ofParis; Houston Nole, 21; Geo. Frisby, 12; Houston Frisby, 8; RobertBaber, 33; Jesse Adams, 16; AndrewHeeney, 11; Tommy Thomas, 12;Rosa Spears, 17; Russell Smith, 12;Coleman Slinchman, a small boy.The first show at the Pastime,which is a moving picture house, hadjust started, with a Wm. S. Hartpicture featured, and the house wascomfortably filled with men, womenand children. Without warningthere was a terriffic crash, as thefire-seared walls over the rear of thebuilding came tumbling down, tornby a high wind, crashing throughthe roof in front of the screen, andpinning beneath it more than onehundred of the audience. Almostimmediately crowds on the streetsand many who were waiting in linein front of the ticket office rushedfrantically to telephones to call foraid and then back to the theatre tolend their individual assistance.Soon there was a crowd sufficient tobegin tearing away the debris andnieces of roof from beneath whichthe dead and injured were removed,the former being taken to the localundertakers, and the latter to theClark County Hospital. Every physician in Winchester was called to thescene and messages were sent toLexington, Mt. Sterling and Paris forphysicians and nurses, which metwith instant response.Representatives of the State FireMarshal's office from Lexington andFrankfort arrived in Winchester yesterday and 'will conduct a searchinginvestigation and fix responsibilityfor the disaster where it belongs.Minor & Bloomfield, owners and operators of the Pastime Theatre, claimthat permission had been given themby Mayor Scrivner and CouncilmanWheeler, in spite o the danger of thewall falling in. Mayor Scrivenerdenies this. The investigation willdetermine who is light.At a mass meeting at the Winchester court house $3,500 was raised forrelief work and burial of the victims,most of whom were from poor families. An additional $500 was raisedamong the churches of Winchester.The condition of Mrs. Robert Baber, whose husband was killed in thecrash, is regarded as the most seriousof those who are in the Clark CountyHospital. Many of those whose injuries were not of a serious naturehave left the hospital and returnedto their homes. It is believed therewill be no new names to be added tothe death list, as the patients are alldoing well.m mBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The March term of Bourbon CircuitCourt convened yesterday morningfor a three-weeks' session, unless thedocket is cleaned ip in less time.In the absence of Circuit Judge R.L. Stout, who is ill at Clearwater,Florida, Judge C. D. Newell, of Maysville, Judge of the Nineteenth Judicial District, is presiding as SpecialJudge. Commonwealth's AttorneyVictor Bradley, of Georgetown, is athis post of duty.Judge Newell made a very briefbut concise charge to the grand jury,admonishing them to be vigilant andto give their undivided attention totheir duties. He said he had nospecial charge to make to them beyond advising them of the nature oftheir duties, and to see that all matterm coming before them for investigation were promptly and fully entered into. Judge Newell made avery favorable impression.The grand jury is composed of thefollowing: Vol. W. Ferguson, foreman; T. W. Current, John Marston,Charles White, John Marr, N. FordBrent, Fred M. Fisfer, J. Frank Clay.S. L. Weathers, H. S. Caywood, CarlWilliams, J. M. Scott.This will be a very busy term. Thecriminal docket holds four murdercases. The one which will attractthe most attention is that of OscarJohnson, held for the killing of Wm.Rice, in a local restaurant some timeago. Johnson has retained Hon. Edwin P. Morrow, of Somerset, as assistant counsel. Attorney Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, will be chief attorney inthe case. The grand jury may becalled upon to review evidence intwo other cases, when men chargedwith murder were acquitted on theground of self-defense by the Coro--cer'sjury.Beyond hearing the usual motionsand assigning several cases for trial,no business was transacted in thecourt yesterday .afternoon. . Thecourt adjourned until this morning,but the grand jury remained in sesaion.m m mFor fire, wind, I istht-ninsrand automobilelnurancc,sccYcrkcs& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.WA3TTED COUNTRY PRODUCE.Highest market price paid for-eggs, butter, country jowls, shoulders bacon, lard amd creaa.S-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.A large silk service flag, in honorof the North Middletown boys whoare enlisted in the army and navy,was unfurled and dedicated with appropriate ceremonies at the NorthMiddletown Christian church.Mr. Brown Buchanan, of Clintonville, has enlisted in the army servicewith the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, and has joined the Unitin their quarters at Camp ZacharyTaylor.The soldie'r boys in the various cantonments throughout the UnitedStates are always glad to get thenewspapers. This is especially trueof the Paris and Bourbon countycounty boys. They all go after THENEWS like a hungry man after hotcakes (and THE NEWS is going to alarge number of the boys.) A postcard to Mr. John R. Owens, of THENEWS force, from Corporal TeddyShannon, in the army aviation campnear Waco, Texas, says:"I surely do enjoy THE NEWSvery much, and certainly would hateto be without it. I heard BrooksWoodford was in Waco, but have notseen him as yet. We had a goodrain here last week, the first one ineighteen months. The weather iswarming up, and we hope we willjnot be here when summer comes."Mr. Baldwin Woods, son of Mrs.Jack Woods, of Paris, who is a member of the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, now at Camp ZacharyTaylor, Louisville, has been assignedto duty in the operating room at theCamp Hospital.BOURBON FISCAL COURT.At the March teim of the BourbonFiscal Court, with Judge Battertonpresiding, and the lull Board of Trustees sitting, an order was entered directing County Attorney D. D. Clineto prepare papers in a friendly suitto be brought against the City ofParis to determine the question ofownership of the Maysville pike inParis (Main street) from the EastParis bridge to the city limits at theintersection of the North Middletownpike.Claims against the county amounting to $1,437.47 were allowed andordered paid. County Treasurer S. E.Bedford was authoiized to borrow? 2,0 00 from the Garth Fund for useof the Turnpike Fund in forwardingthe county road work. The Courtreceived surveys and specifications ofthe Maysville & Lexington pike fromthe city limits of Paris to the Fayette county line. This is preparatoryto improving the pike with resurfacing material.A steel filing cabinet for the use ofCounty School Superintendent J. B.Caywood was ordered installed provided half the expense of installationwould be born by the County Boardof Education. An estimate of expenses for his office for 1918 amounting to $23,050, was filed by CountySuperintendent J. B. Caywood.The Court adjourned to April 4.A JREMOVAL NOTICE.Dr. Vansant has moved his oflicebto the front rooms dver the AlamoTheatre. Entrance on Fifth street.(12-2t)JE m 1BIB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsMIDNIGHT BLAZE CAUSES $30,000 LOSS AT WINCHESTER.Several occupants of the LumanBuilding, on North Main street, inWinchester, had a narrow escapefrom death when the structure, together with its contents, was burnedat an early hour Friday morning.The estimated loss is $30,000. Nocause for the blaze has yet been discovered. The lower floor of the building wasoccupied by the French HardwareStore and the Navarra fruit stand,while the third floor was occupied byMrs. H. F. Elkin and little daughter,Margaret; Mr. and Mrs. Carl Shepherd, and Mrs. Myra Locknane.The building was valued at $20,000 with about $6,000 insurance.The stock on the third floor of thetobacco company is valued at $3,-000 with about $1,900 insurance,while the loss to the hardware storeis estimated at between $5,000 and$10,000, covered by insurance.1 mmFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.INTEBESTING COMMUNICATIONSUNAVOIDABLY CROWDED OVEBThere's a very trite old saying"It's either ai feast or a famine."This applies to news matter in anewspaper ofl&ce. Sometimes it'shard work to "dig up" enough tomake a respectable showing, whileat another time there will not bfcroom for all the good things thatare offered. -Three very interesting communications sent to THE NEWS yesterdayfT. Tmhiteation had to be held overfor another issue on account of thepressure on our news space, wmcunot permit of robbing the space ac-1corded to strictly local news. Weask the indulgence of our contributors under these circumstances.m -HIGHEST PBICEPOB CBEAM.Bring us your cream and securethe highest market price for it.-Your-mohey and can in a few minUtM. (f-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.Kaiser Bill Knows Who IsPARIS MEN IN CUTTING SCRAPEAT MAYSVILLE.As the result of a cutting affraywhich occurred in the Maysville .yards of the Louisville & Nashvillebetween W. C. Powell and W. 8.Hertig, both former Paris men, Powell has been taken to the hospital inMaysville, suffering from knifewounds in the back, and on the armand shoulder. The wound in theback, being just over the Jung, is themost serious one.Both men are.brakemen. While inthe caboose of their train just beforeit pulled from the station in Maysville, they became involved in atheated argument. In the midst of thewar of words Hertig pulled a knifefrom his pock'i ?nd .s'abbed Powellin the back, inflicting an uglwound. Powell al?o received woundson the left arm and shoulder, neitherof which were serious.Powell was taken to a physician'soffice in Maysville, where his woundswere dressed, after which he wassent to his mother's home in Ewingand was later taken to the hospitalin Maysville, on account of the woundin the back which threatened seriourconsequences. Hertig was arrested bythe Maysville Chief of Police, andplaced in the Maysville jail. He waslater taken before Judge WhitakerHand granted bail in the sum of $500to appear for examining trial.5i pa jLOOK FOR QUALITY.It's economy to hnv mmiifv in'suTiTOv r.n in Paris. He has beenclothing. You're always sure of that!when you buy here. All wool. JJ. W. DAVIS & CO. ,.OO toWE KNOW HOW ji 1New Clothes forBoysii! THE KIND!! WILLIIMP!! WBMmA Hom,$5Suits With Two Pairs Trousers.Select Your Boy's Suit Early, While theAssortment is Large.i MITCHELL &6uu.. Ill.- Mlri. " h v m m m mm mm-w-w mwiiuu incuuaii euHolding the Ace .In Peace 'TWO CAUGHT IN POLICE DRAG-NET.James Ford, colored, arrived inParis, recently with a larger consignment of liquor than the 'law allowed. Jim evidently feared theanti-shipping bill was to take effectat once, and accordingly laid in agood supply, consisting of forty-sevenpints of the brand that makes oneeither a king or a dreamer. Patrolman George Judy alsp was in a taking mood as James hove in sight andplaced him under arrest. JudgeErnest Martin wrote the last chapterwhen he fined Ford $60 and gave hima sentence of twenty days in jailJames is now "somewhere in thecounty jail," reflecting on the certain of being caught with thegoods on.Oliver Hazelrigg had no doubt forgotten that there was an anti-speedlaw in force in the city of Paris, andwas burning the wind in an effort tooutdo Barney Oldfield's best record,when Chief of Police Link and Patrolman Robert Lusk gathered himin. In Court Hazelrigg was assesseda fine of ?7.50 by Police Judge Ernest Martin. Next!HHSP3IN NEW POSITION: -Mr. Frank Santen has assumed aclerical position in the office of Master Mechanic Ed. H. Gorey, of theLouisville & Nashville, in this city.j Mr. Santen has for several monthsbeen a salesman T"ith the Farmer'succeeded there by Mr. James Doty,lecently of the Wilmoth GroceryCo.'s sales force.HERE'S a shewing of Boys'Clothes that is pronounced the season'smost interesting because itinvolves so large a style rangeand such excellence of fabrics. We Know JustWhat Boys Like !It's Our Businessto Make Young-sters Happy . J .We have studied their demands and our Suits are madeto meet the needs of REALBOYS. New military ideasthat boys want. Snappystylest and patterns in allwool cloth1.$15.00BLAKEMOREOL!i mi. !. CIIi- m w -i ra w . b -n a mm mmmmmr iuuu i ncmciuu uuc '. ' 1COUNTY TAX SUPERVISORS INSESSION AT COURT HOUSE.The County Board of Tax Supervisors, appointed by County JudgeGeorge Batterton, to take charge ofthe assessment of Bourbon county,convened in session at the courchouse yesterday. The Board is composed of Messrs. Ossian Edwards,George Current, H. C. Clifford, IsaacWilmott, Benj. Woodford, Sr., E. M.Costello, Ray Burris and Jos. PennRedraon. The Board will remain insession until the books of the Assessor have been gone over thoroughly.In connection with the work of theBoard, Mr. M. M. Logan, of Frankfort, Chairman of the State TaxCommission, sent the following official communication to County ClerkFearce Paton, which was submittedto the Board at the opening sessionyesterday, for their guidance:"After due consideration, and after hearing on March fifth, the StateTax Commission has concluded to dilect the Board specifically as follows:"It will increase the assessed valueof lands frqm $11,407,058 to115,757,058, or a toal increase ofnot less than $4,350,000. The Boaidwill do this by placing upon the assessment books all lands which havebeen omitted, and by increasing theassessed value of individual taxpayers whose assessment is less thanseventy-five per cent, of its actualvalue. The Board shall see that noproperty is assessed for less thanseventy-five per cent, of its actualvalue for the present year."It will increase the value of townlots from $3,058,201 to $3,458,201,or a total increase of not less thanfour hundred thousand dollars."The Board will increase the valueof tangible personal property from$2,575,099 to $2,775,099, or a totalincrease of not less than two hundredthousand dollars."The shares of bank stock of theeight banks of your county have notbeen assessed. The total capitalstock, surplus and .undivided profitsof the banks, on a seventy-five percent, basis, is $781,138. Froni thissum should be deducted the value ofthe real estate and fixtures assessedand the remainder is the value of theshares of bank and should be placedin column 27, just before the grandtotal of all property subject to taxation. The real estate should be platedin the same column as the Teal estateof otuv taxpayers. This assessmentshall no! be considered as part of the$4,950,000 increase mentionedabove."1Lj .THE T6BACC0 m&Xt&The Bourbon Tobacco "WarehouseCompany sold yesterday 18,315pounds for $5,524.81, an average of530.16 per hundred pounds.Some crop averages follow:F. A. Wallis sold 4,190 pounds,average $33.98.Rogers & Sims sold 4,275 pounds;average $29.58.Gore & Gregory sold 1,185 pounds,average $31.95.Stephenson & Bramble sold 3,265pounds; average $36.72.The New Independent House sold3-esterday a total of 43,780 poundsof tobacco for an average of $31.60.Some of the best ciop averages wereas follows:Hopper & Price sold 4,840 pounds;average $41.45.James Crumbie old 1,620 pounds;average $29.16.Lyons & Ewalt sold 2,470 pounds;average $29.79.Boyd & Ryles sold 5,820 pounds;average $34.62. ,KNITTED TOP-COATS.You hardly realize that you haveon a coat, yet snug and warm forMarch days. A variety of colors andstyles $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SHINGLES! WE HAVE THEM!THE PRICE IS RIGHT!Buy shingles to-day. They arecheaper now than they will be later.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,(8-2t) Both Phones.KENTUCKY WOMEN VOLUNTEERIN ARMY CANTEEN SERVICE.m ., .A new service of the AmericanRed Cross is attracting manywomen of this country who are unable to serve as trained nurses.This is known as the canteen service,and means work at the stations, behind the firing lines, which aremaintained by the Red Cross for thecomfort of the soldiers returningfrom ttie trenches.At the canteens food is served,writing materials are provided, andthe weary soldiers are .made comfortable while resting on their journeysto and from the lines.It is understood that a number ofKentucky women will endeavor to secure positions for this service. It isrequired that those volunteering beable to pay their own expeases during "their stay in Europe. Amongthose who -have been cited for thisservice is Miss Kate Alexander, ofParis.' It is understood that Mis3Alexander is anxious to go, and, asshe is very charming and capable,she would be able to fill the positionmost admirably.BEING US YOUE CEEAH.we nave secured tne agency to ouy j son House, Seelbach aa others,cream , for the Lexington Creamery. They are made at the kome of XirBfing us your cream. Honest festt Broe.. ki Oaio.i ana your-money i afew miauten1 after you get to town,(8-2t)FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LAM)SALES.Mr. Emmett D. Hopkins, of ttieLittle Rock vicinity, in this countjwho recently rented the J. W.' Scottfarm, on the Ruckerville pike, aboutone mile from Winchester, has aboutcompleted the work of moving- hishousehold goods and live stock, andwill be joined by his wife at theirnew home this week.Scott & Adcock, of Winchester, asagents for B. S. Pairish of Austerlitz,sold his farm of seventy acres, located near Austerlitz, to C. S. Moffett, ofWinchester, for $130 per acre.The Steve Shifflet farm of 8acres, with improvements, located onthe Hawkins & Cummins pike, nearuenterville, passed into the ownership of Mr. George. Hammons, of thatvicinity, last week, for a price notgiven out for publication.Mr. T. W. Spicer has purchased ofMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft a vacant lot onHouston avenue, adjoining the Tiomeof Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott, onwhich he will erect a handsomehome this spring. The price paidfor the property was not madeknown.Mrs. J. T. Brown sold recently toMr. Walter Kenney, of near Paris,an unimproved tract of land, containing sixty-seven acres, adjoininghis home place on the North Middletown pike, for a private price. Mr.Kenney gets possession of the landthis 'week.Among the deeds recorded Saturday in the office of the County Clerkof Fayette county, was one from Jas.W. Ferguson, formerly of Paris, conveying to Shipp & Taylor, of Bourboncounty, 373 acres on the Clintonvillopike, and 72 acres near the Louisvilleand Nashville railioad.Mr. Harry Mitchell sold yesterdayof Mr. Robt. Crawford, a frame cottage on Kentucky avenue, in theRosedale Addition to Paris for $650.'McClintock & Caywood sold toWm. Brannock nineteen head ofyearlng cattle for $52.50 per headf.They bought six head of work mulein Cynthiana, for which they paid$1,455.Ben Woodford sold to ClarenceKenney and Catesby Woodford, Jr.,eighty-six head of stock ewes to lambin April, for which they paid $20per head.- Mr. Charles N. Peddicord added tohis real estate possessions Saturdaywhen he purchased of" Miller & Lilleston for $1,500 a tract of land iathe Wildwood Addition to Paris. Thiatractd joins the one he recently purchased of Wilder "& "Gorey, ik the-same addition. This gives Mr. Pddicord a landed estate of ten acres.He will move to the home soon.m m '"CTTHE WEATHER, ,Weather conditions in SourbotThave been almost ideal tile ast fewdays, with exception of Sattirdayvhen heavy rains and very high-inds threatened damage for. sLwhile. The succeeding days havebeen bright and clear, furnishingmuefh-needed opportunity for outdoor Vork for farmers and gardeners.The predictions for to-day for theOhio Vaey and Tennessee are for acontinuation of clear bright weather,with a return to warmer conditions.J53 1 feLEXINGTON WJNS HIGH SCHOOLBASKETBALL TOURNAMENTThe Lexington Hih School livecame out winners of th High SchoolState basketball tournanient held'in Danville, Friday and Saturday.The games which told the story wereplayed Friday with Somerset andMonticello. Monti cello proved easT.but the victory over the- Somersetteam was won by The narrow marginof 16 to 15.The cup won had been, held lastyear by Owensboro. That city wasnot represented in the tournamentthis year, Covington taking its place.Tie seven High Schools participatingwere Paris, Covington, Danville,Lawrenceburg, Lexington, Montecello and Sonierespt. -Paris played three games, winning ,over Covington and Lawrenceburg,both by the same score, 44 to 18.They were defeated, however, bySomerset, the score being 29 to 12.Owing to the fact that there wasan odd "number of teams entered, itwas necessary for some one to drawthe odd game at first, and thus behandicapped throughout the tourna-ment. Unfortunately Paris was thej , nA ram 0from Somerset on Friday afternoonfor a game which did cot count inthe tournament, but which was fatiguing and helped to sap some 'ofthe surplus energy that might havobeen used to good advantage later.The members of the Paris teamwere enthusiastic over their treatment by the students of Centre College and the people of Danville.They enjoyed their trip to ttie reryfullest, even if they did return, without the coveted cup.m lEXCLUSIVE AGENCY FOE AXCA-3)IA FARM PRODUCTS.x - ,Wp have secured le exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of thejfa-mous Arcadia Farm Products rPee"NButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Janx and CkiloSauce. These products are made 'onthe Arcadia Farm and are made frorhome recipes by Kirgan Broe. Tkeyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flYor. Tfceyare used at the most exclusive qafeeand "hotels, such as the Siaton, Gi-WILMOTIL& CO.r'BrcliMive A rants fer ere Oe.4M1 kN.THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY.TUBBDAT. UJlRCR 11, lilt.WGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188136 Years of Con-'tinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in'Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thekar&cter, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporation which.'ay appear in the columns of THE1 BOURJBON NEWS will be gladly cor-J&ted if brought to attention of theiitor.x.S&S"Sammy in ..Three First Litf' Sectors Is- Ready for JjunsS$?3S5iGVIADVERTISING RATES- Display Advertisements, ?1.00 perInch, for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.' Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices In black-'type, 20 cents per line, each issue.. Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimiiar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise- cents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.' " Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by'the cash.i- - This paper hasrilistedwith the government in the-cause of America for theperiod of the war - -EDITORIAL MUSINGS..;titjjp. j jsmmw m, pi1 cssasdBpr'-r.rsyDesirable house, on Main street;has ve rooms and bath; good biggarden. v(5-tf) J. T. HINTON.!Engine For Sale.Garr-Scott traction engine; six-teen-horsepower. In good condition.Call an or phone,, MRS. JACK WOODS,Home Phone" 397, 'Paris, Ky.'Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)LOSTaesssssu1Along three sectors of the battle line in France our Sammiesre now making ready for a real, clash with the Huns. Hints fromwar officials within the last weekare that the new allied war council may order an offensive whichwill beat Fritz "to the first bieaongmipuncli" and if so, Sammy will boin there1 with all his fightingstrength. Here is a new pictureof our boys in the first-linetrenches and all ready for the Germanseven to the steel helmetsand the gas masks strapped atthe belt. And Sammy is cheerful with it all. Look for yourselfis certain to contrast Teutonic ideals useful members of society and haswith American. Our allies, is must time for intellectual improvement."be admitted, as shown by their secret. , Labor a Coming Force.The 'important fact in the world'to-day is the part:cipation of labor"in the determination of terms for. cpeace. At- the recent allied confer-ence of laborers and socialists in..-"London the convention handled sub-' '. jects which are soh-ly within the or-.dained provinces of constituted gov-jSfnments, but all the same they nan-'.y&lled them.f Subsequently, the aim of allied, (labor and allied socialists are at one, .qbv.ith their governments. They de-aid just compensation after consid-"workmen be heard and that the'world be better regulated for their' interests. It is about true that the'"Interests of the laboring classes arethe interests of their nation, andevery citizen shoid accept the 're-1sponsibility of providing for laborers4 everywhere fair conditions of laborrr;and just compensniton after consideration' of the 4i'sh cost of living".We believe that the day is conivtigwhen .only those who earn ther living will be granted it, and we are notcertain that the idea has 'anything" "wrong with it.' " You work, and we woric, and thosew&q do nothing -should'n't kick if the- "workers arrange i"ho government andterms of ""peace. it's coming, andkickers or not, Schwab was right.." Be saw the baridwritmg.f " v " The little Red School House.- -" Who could have forecast, after- reading all of the uplift literature"w)iich preceded th adoption of theconsolidated schools, that in so pro-gressive a State as New York a for-""Taidable appeal for the repeal of thetqwnship law and the reinstitution of.5tbe little red school house would bet -made .in 1918?'" If there ever was a question which' sefemed -one-sided it was the questionof the comparative values of the consolidated school, with the large staff- . of "teachers, and the model schoolTiuflding as against the one room, oneteacher, one-horse country school' Fitli a red-hot stove in the middle.' &hA the wind penetrating cracks at- tke comers. Yet the New York Legislature hears "impassioned appeals". in .behalf of the abolishment of the'iew form of rural education and rek, turn .to a system popularly believedt foe beyond any question as out of; date as the flint lock rifle and ther 'spinning -wheel.i '''vphere may be special conditions in,' N$w York which make such a fight-' 'feasible. 'We cannot believe that the' 1 cWfplidated school is a mistake andC2.T. .. .. t. i.- T tvv -Xnere ever viu oe a. general rjs. ijni.tb-lne one-room school house.,Wh : ' Wilson's War Aims. '" resident Wilson has consolidated"th opinion of the liberal leaders inill countries. .f French socialists em-.v'jl,ticalry declare his platform ofeacS is .their own. British labor en-'Ikusiastically endorse his 'statementr 'lttfelr alms, liis ovni "wrordsr likenw (pdSe-lVes Hinto xhe ideals ot theI Sifeoeviki', Premier Asgiuith openljy.5is is side with Wilsdn, infe'rringt X fcivthe' is ready to .make issue withf AXiQyp. George upon tne statemenr,tfJJriciiupacinsts of the worst type-' 'iTon criticism, and even Germanrjimt' Adrian socialists a-nd laborXmirr- .find no plane 4ipo"n which to'SSiljth'e calculated logic of the" 'Tke ol campaign of publicity,-pfciob, lij'beiTig given to all war aims?treaties, had no such altruistic aimsbefore American entered the war, andPresident Wilson defined the termsupon which democracy will be free.This service of his is worth thousands of soldiers.Farmers -Must Plant Grain.If all those who claimed exemption upon agricultural grounds willget busy and plant some of theiracreage in" wheat and other foodstuffs the people of the United Stateswon't have to worry about the sizeof the loaf. From what we knov; ofthe situation in this section of thecountry there is a lot of 'room forimprovement, and the farmers shouldlend every energy in -the support ofthe government. iThe success of the present war depends primarily ,npnn ships, and thenupon foodstuffs. Without either thecause for "which our country is atwar will be lost regardless of the valiant sons in training. Almost everyNeeded At Home!A young woman in Illinois has resigned her position as teacher in thepublic schools for the purpose of going as a missionary to Africa. Whyshould she go so far when Chicagois so near, and where there are moreheathen to the square yard thanthere are in Africa to the twelvesquare miles. PtrzLugb idea br missionary work these school marmshave.EVERY MAN WILL HAVE TO GOTO WORK!Under the provisions, of the bill ofSenator Morris, which passed the JSenate by the vote of 34 to 0, everyable-bodied male in Kentucky virtually is drafted to work. This billwhich is known as the vagrancy act,remains in effect for six months after the war. A similar measure introduced in the House by Representative Claude M. Thomas passed during the early part of the week.The bill provides that every able-linrJlor! TnAn hptwopn tl-io niroc rf civfarmer hereabouts should largely in-, teen and sixty, except students durcroase his acreage mv food articles, ! ing school term, who fails to regu-nd the community as a whole oughto cease its silly and foolish customof importing from other sections thecorn and hay for the animals andthe flour and other foods for men.Think This Over.There is one thought that arisesin connection with our Government'swar financing that perhaps has notbeen sufficiently emphasized. Do weirealize that he have got to complywith the government's demands formoney, however great they may be?It has been determined after muchthought what percentage of the fundsneeded should be raised by taxationand what proportion by loans. Iffor any reason the requisite amountcannot be secured through the saleof bonds and stamps, th.e only alternative is higher taxation.From a purely material viewpoint,therefore, is it not to the interest oftle citizen that he lend his money tothe Government ard secure a fairrate of interest for It instead of having it taken from him as additionaltaxation? Think this over?-Help' The Ncwsgatherer.larly and steadily engage for at leastthirty-six hours a week, in some "lawful and recognized buisness, shall beheld to be a vagrant and guilty of amisdemeanor punishable by a fine ofnot less than $20 nor' more than$100. Such person shall also be ordered to work not exceeding sixtydays upon the public roads or streets,or upon some other public work.& 1 la :CYNTHIANA WANTS STATE AIDFOR PUBLIC STREET.Between Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse and Bourbon Lumber Co., abrown overcoat, with new pairgloves in packet. Reward for return,FRANK WILLIAMS,Route 7, Paris, Ky.mar5-tf)NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested" to present same atonce, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.All persons indebted to the estateof Leer Stout, deceased, are likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness. xCANNIE G. STOUT,Executrix Leer Stout Estate.(26-3wks)SB?.to the Stockholders ofBourbon Oil &Development Co.Why sell your stock for less than par ($1.00)per share? v It is' worth that and more. Beforeselling see the company. We can pay you morethan anyone else. We know its value. If youwant to sell call or writeB :-urbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany411 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Both Phones Cumberland 724; Home 544.' -Homeseekers,AttentionHaving decided to locate in Lexington, I will sell my home on MainStreet, Paris, Ky., to the higheot bidder onTHURSDAY, MARCH 14. 1918,at 2 p. m.This property insists of a "two-story frame residence of eight rooms,two halls, two porches, bath complete, electric lights and gas.This is your chance to secure anelegant up-to-date residence; situated on one of the best residence:streets in Paris.HARRY SIMON,For particulars, call Harris &Speakes, or Bourbon Real EstateExchange. (8-2t)CREAM SHIPPERS!I Wish to State that I am BuyingCream at the Same Old Place.As your past dealings with me havebeen very satisfactory, I solicityour Cream, as my motto is:TOP PRICES HONEST TESTFULL WEIGHTSHonest and Fair Dealing to AllFrankfort Butter Co.No. 5 Broadway Paris, Ky.R. H. HARP, ManagerThe Cynthiana Log Cabin says:"Attorney General Chas. M. Morrishas rendered an opinion that thecity of Paris is entitled to State aidroad money for Main street in thatcity, if the street is a connectinglink in an inter-county highway.Main street, Cynthiana, and Pikestreet, too, for that matter, is a connecting link in such a highway, andit might be worth while for the cityauthorities to look into the matterand see whether Cynthiana is entitl-jed to some State aid money. Every!little bit helps."BAD TASTE W YOUR MOUTH.My friend, help the editor in hiswild-eyed search for news. Whenyour friends come to see you, if youare not ashamed of it, tell him:when your wife gives a tea party," if . medicines you have ever become acyou have recovered from the effects Quainted with.When you have had a bad taste inyour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. Youwill findthis to be one of the bestof the gossip, drop in with the news;when a new baby arrives, fiill yourpockets with cigar and call; if yougo to a party, steal some of the goodthings and leave them at our sanctum.(adv. March)All Pull Together.The prosperity of a town is notguarded by the wealth of its inhabitants, but by the uniformity withwhich they pull' together when antmpdrtant undertaking is to be accomplished. A man with a thousanddollars at his command and a love forhis town in his heart can domore forits upholding than the millionaire-who locks up his capital and snap3"his fingers at homo enterprise.Gen. Pershing is reported engagedto be married. Let us hope this engagement will be free from the dangers incident to the one Uncle Samentrusted him with.Greatest Woman In History." Who is the greatest woman in allhistory? One hundred and fiftyschool teachers recently answeredthe question, and "with enthusiasmand unanimity the judges awardedthe prize to one who made this reply: "The wife of a farmer of moderate means who does her own cooking, washing, ironing, sewing, bringsup a, family of boys and girls to be'Small Farmrt.AT A BARGAIN IFSOLD AT ONCEWe have one farm we can deliverin the iext few days. About 00acres with good house and barn.Eight miles from town on good turnpike; Vs- mile from graded t school.A bargain if sold at once.Paris Realty Company-'Ti:n,'ifiiiiiiOur February and March SaleWill Fix You Right in theSIMMONS IRON AND BRASS BEDSImprove the Bed RoomBRASS BEDA beautiful Simmons Satin Brass Bed in themany styles for the bed room. A beautiful $30.00 Brass' Bed now $23.75A beautiful BrasJSed in satin finish, guarranteed, f 25..00 now . : -; . . . $20.00: SAGLESS SPRINGS, ...-.,-A beautifuLSagless Spring, veneer finished,$50 now . . . ., , $6.50MATTRESSESA beautiful Rolled EdgejFelt Mattress, anycolor you like..$ 1 1 .50 up to $25.00IRON BEDSThe many styles of Iron Beds Vernie Martin,Old Ivory and Solid White that will givelife to the home, during our February andMarch Sale $3.95 to $25,00Sanitary Folding BedsDuring our February' and March Sale ata big saving.Look For BIG YELLOW TAGThat Saves You Money !A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS., GREEN, ManagerOpposite Court HouseTRY TRADING.AT WHEELER'S-YOU'LL LIKE IT-kcrV-.hjsovs hAi Tc&jgO- i vfc - Gd(. s- v c Hf UftV t--rfT7rr rt -& -t-r " 5 S..rtTT'I4sc 2 jJJWWW.Y',r Mjga-J.2, ii-i! an- sjL-i CV-?'-.if tenm-mfA :.jtObuajt l.ii4K 1tPOR A BAD COLD."Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stodd'rthe test of timeand can be depended upon,(adv. March.)MARGOLEN'SFancyVEALxROASTSTo-DayMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketPUBLIC ROADS OF KENTUCKY.Your community is more prosperous to-day than ever before. Investin good roads. ,. .Don't blame your officials for badroads blame yourself . because youhaven't paid for better.Prices of farms depend upon goodroads. What is your farm worth?What could it be -worth?Strangers remember your countyby its roads. Make boosters for yourcounty.Build up your community. Stringgood roads and coax population andwealth.Eliminate ruts and holes in theroads, save' tires and blowouts.No car needs a shock absorber ongood roads.BALANCE IN STATE tattlASURYIS NEARLY TWO MILLIONSThe balance in the State Treasuryat the close of business, February28, is $1,748,596.10, as follows:Sinking Fund, $230,563.03 SchoolFund, $302,105, 76; University, $50,961.03; General Expenditures, $1,164,946.28; Outstanding, interestbearing warranto, $4,570,596.10;Outstanding, January 31, $4,404,-723.88.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376owGmplwonlmmediaklipDon't allow sallowness or a muddy tingeto spoil your complexion. Bleach your skiniioiii iour to live .- tA ioINSTANTANEOUSBLEACHING TREATMENTNot the glichtCfit trritntinn. A frinmrTiover ni02t exasnerstimr hprmfv tiialcHighly appreciated by women of refinement. Free explanation gladly given-or sendtwo cents for sample of Wniceniwr Cream andhelpful booklet on dre of The Skin.M. A. PATONPhone 1010-516 Main St.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinOPTOMETRISTPractice limited to the Correctionof Defective Vision by ProperlyFitted Lenses.E. TENN. PHONE No. 7.HOME PHONE No. 303:Call Made to Any Part ofCity or County.j 520 Main St. Paris, Ky.-Government FirstTremendr - as is the present activity in themarshaling: c men, food and munitions for cneconduct of the war, the placing of the Bell system unqualifiedly at the disposal of the government has relieved one paramount factor of preparedness. Every Americafi who wants to help win thiswar should bear in mind that private service mustgive way to government service should emergencies require that everything be subordinated tothe telephone demands of the army, the navyand other representatives of the government.So when the increased business of fall and winter is reflected in your telephone service by a slow-,ing down and by rriore frequent "busy" reports,remember that we are using every means at ourcommand to keep our service up to its usual standard. Every available position at our switchboardis occupied and it is difficult to secure additionalpositions because'Uncle Sam's 'requirements havereduced the available supply of material to thepoint whert manufacturers cannot make a definitepromise of delivery.Here's how you can help. Use the telephone only fofinecessary:call8,articularly?durmgthe busy hours of the day. Be patient whenthere is a delay. Be' cheerful to the 'operator andif you huvt trouble call "COMPLAINT."We appreciate co-operation.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedn).j --lI-SOLDIER OYrtffiBITB& FfcOKJn a letter to kte father, Mr. Wm.P. .Fisher, of thisscity, Owen Fisher,wfibTs a member of 'the' American)' Expeditionary Force, -now in France,tells a little of his impressions of thatland. Mr. Fisher states that aChristmas, box shipped long beforeChristmas was not received until theday, his letter was written, on February 10. The delay -was caused bythe large accumulation of mai,l andChristmas boxes, making it almostimpossible for the Christmas goods tobe delivered to the soldiers on time.Extracts from Mr. Fisher's letter follow: "In Prance, February 2, 1918."Dear Dad":"I received your letter of December 26, and was 'certainly ver,y gladto hear from you again. I was certainly sorry that you had to take thecake out of my box, as it would havebeen very acceptable to me. Sweetsare awfully hard to get .in thisFrench town, and when you do getthem it takes nearly a month's salaryto pay for them. I have takenout $10,0.00 insurance in the Soldiersand Sailors Insurance Fund whichUncle Sam has provided for us."When you send me a box againplease put in some gloves that willstand hard knocks and rough uses, aswe cannot get them here. I wouldalso like to have some candy andcigarettes, as it is almost impossibleto get either here. This is a strangecountry to me. The fog itf so thickhere at nights, and even on some ofthe days you can hardly see fifteenfeet ahead of you. I hope to beback in good old Paris, Ky., some ofthese days. Not a good prospect. Andjust think that it takes at ileast twomonths from the time I write to youbefore I hear from you again, so youhave to figure that far ahead, atleast."Under date of February 10, youngFisher writes:"I received your letter last night.It was some time in getting here. Ialso received the box you sent me.Was very glad to get it, but for goodness sake, I don't know' what I amgoing to do with all my stuff, as Ihave no place to carry it around withme. I wish you would send mesome matches, as these Frenchmatches you get here are absolutelyno good. I hope I will soon get tnebox you are going to send me, as Iam needing some chewing and smoking tobacco. Oh, dad, you just don'tknow what a great thing it is forthe soldiers to get tobacco. Wewould as soon have it as food sometimes. I wish you wouia put wnauou are going to send in small packages, as we have better luck in getting them. They are not stopped onthe way. Some of the boys do notget their packages on that account."I told some of the boys aboutthe tobacco you were sending me,and they were as glad as kids aboutit. Just to think we are going toget some real, sure-enough old Kentucky tobacco once more I don'tthink much of these French girls.None that I have seen yet have appealed to me. So don't worry forrear x iuigui. unu "" . i.w. uv....with me. I don't have much time to ftsee any of them anyway, so it doesn tmatter about the 'skirts.'"I am feeling fine and dandy, andall the others in our command arewell and hearty. I would like towrite a different kind of letter, butyou see we are on duty, and havebeen warned not to write anythingconcerning the army or its movements. So, as I havn't any news thatwould interest you, I will- close, hoping to hear from you again realsoon." ,,Fisher is a member of the u. b.Signal Corps, his full address Deing,"Owen D. Fisner, Co. u suyui iewgraph Batallion, Signal Corps, American Expeditionary Force, via NewYork, N. Y."a W --WASTE AND' THRIFT.One effect of the war has been thatthe people are beginning to understand the truth of the statement thatwhatever is spent for unnecessarythings is a waste of labor.All that is paid "out for unnecessary and expensive food, clotning,and a thousand other needless things,involves a dissipation of labor that isserious and alarming at this particular time.The scarcity of all sorts of necessary commodities drives home theneed of stopping the waste of laborand of diverting it from the production of -non-essentials to the makingof those things that must be had tosustain the physical and mentalefficiency of the people. The onlynossible wav to accomplish this tefor everyone to always think twlcsbefore buying tne tilings vuv.. -notnecessary. In other words, systematic thrift not spasmodic savingis the one method by which theproduction of necessities can be madetn pnnn.1 the essential demand. Otherwise the shortage of commoditiesis bound to become more and moreacute, and the physical stamina ofpeople gradually undermined.A double benefit will accrue if thesavings that result from thrift arcinvested in Liberty Bonds, for thestrain of war financing will then bejust so much removed from capitalwhich can to that extent continue tobe used in the production of thosethines that- are needed in the warand that are vital to the prosperityand progress of v the country.Colonel Roosevelt says he haswaited on table and blacked boots.The man who keeps the . tabulatedstatistics on what the Colonel haworked at will now get busy.j IWhat's the use of the KafserVwasting water and doctors' bpis:at aspa?" vHe can't be cured-of wfiat ailihim. - : -SO ANfirfSOAL."7Comlnrs ' tnd Gofits of OurPeople Here; There andElsewhere.WfffMrs., M. L. JKnight, of Nicholasville, is a guest of Mrs. R. D. Weaver,in North Middletown. , .Mrs. Nathan Linvjlle has returned from a visit to Her sister, Mrs.Charles O'Lee, of woodlawn. avenue,Lexington.Mrs. Ed. T. Rule and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Rule, iave returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. George Taylorand Mrs. Carl Long,, in .Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Redmon. havemoved .to North Middletown fromtheir former home at Elizabeth, andare occupying the Lowe property.Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Williams andthree children have moved fromFleming county to Bourbon, and areresiding .near Paris, on Route No. 8.Mrs. Hiram Redmon and children have returned to their home inFrankfort, after a week's visit toMrs. A. P." Bryan, in North Middletown. Rev. W' O. Sadler, of Covington.former pastor of the Paris Methodistcurch, and Mrs. Sadler and guest,Miss Laura White, of Biloxi, Misswere guests of friends in this citylecently, en route to Flemingsburgto visit friends and relatives.miss lva Mccarney, wno waspainfully burned last week when shemistook a bottle of ammonia for athroat gargle, has been removed fromthe home of Miss Rebekah Doehrer,on Pleasant street,to the home ofMrs. Bettie Brown, on South Mainstreet. Miss McCarney is improving.Miss Elizabeth Tarr was hostessat her home near Paris recently tcthe members of the Bridge Glub. Theguests for the afternoon were MissesMary Burnett Webb, Patsey Clark,Dorcas Ussery, Anna Wilson, Katherine Wilson, Anna Eads Peed, Katherine Marsh and Charlina Ball. Atthe conclusion of the games refreshments were served.(Other Personals on Page 5)3 3 J55IUNPRECEDENT ACTIVITY INrWpLF, WILE & CO.INTRODUCE,NEW FATURESINJ ST P -C:fjvJri?s&iulliCONSERVING POOD.Home and community canningprospects for 1918 indicate an unprecedented food conserving activityon the rart of American people,says O. H. Benson, Chief of the Department of Agriculture CanningClub Wo"k for Boys and Girls. The'I department this year has doubledits force of canning workers, whilphome gardeners will provide vastlymore stuff to be canned this yearthan they did last and wastage willbe less because of the educationalprogram carried out, said Mr. Benson.A headline says, "Madison PaperStands Pat in La Follette LibelSuit." What that paper can't standis Bob.SPRING FASHIONSTO BE SHOWN FOR THEFIRST TIME THIS WEEKSuits for street and sports wearSmart afternoon and dinner frocksSpecial showing of wool jersey dressesUtility and motor coatsNew sleeveless jackets in all colors- Sweaters in all the new models. French blouses-and tailored shirtsThe new millineryNOTE: We desire to call particular attention to ouryouthful new tailored suits and dresses. They are smartstyles for the young folks of the city. Each garment iseloquently distinctive, each with youthful high waist lineeffects, becomingly trimmed to enhance the beauty oftheir straight lined style. They are models seen in FifthAvenue's most exclusive shops. They are made especially for the flapper and the ' 'sub-deb' ' and youngwomen who desirex to look youthfully attractive. Thevalues are exceptional.WOLF, WILE & GO.LEXINGTON, KY.mmwmrnmpmwtmmiwfmwfwmmmimmmmmComing !Coming!THE PARIS GRANDThursday, March 1 4thFamousBe I I'sHawa i i a itsHawaii's Most Novel AttractionT .Presenting Their Social Musical MasterpieceLarge Company! Real Hawaiians!Each An Artist!4The Musical Scenic Masterpiece That is Different.This attraction comes direct from the famousApollo Theatre, Atlantic Cityf N. J.;Prices: - - - 25c, 50c, 75c, $100Seat Sale at Alamo and Paris Grand Monday, March 11th' LHYourSyrf-i; ,Nw!'W?.'jifAn , "VI'.el".' iVTUESDAY, MARCH 11, lilt.pinions?iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TKEW ATTTO OWHEES.Tke followinf bave been added Ttothe list' of Bourbon county owners ofnew autos: Charles Knox, NorthMiddletown, Ford; H. J. ixroscnc,Paris, Oakland; J. T. Purdy, Millersburg, Oakland; W. C. Bell, Paris,Ford.PUBLIC SALEStock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc.Friday, March 15,At 10 O'clock, A. M."Having- resold the large farmwhich we recently purchased, we willoffer at public sale, on Friday, March15, at ten o'clock, a. m., at our homeplace, at Clintonville, Ky., the following named stock:1 gray work horse;1 sorrel work horse;1 extra good draft team;1 heavy Perchero-n team;1 bay saddle horse;1 Blue Chester mare;1 good team mules;1 extra heavy mule;1 Jersey cow;1 black heifer;2 riding cultivators;4 breaking plows;2 smoothing harrows;2 disc harrows;1 corn check rower;1 wheat drill;1 fertilizer drill;1 hemp and clover seeder;1 good hemp machine;15 new. hemp brakes;1 new McCormkk mower;1 Champion mower;1 sulky rake;1 bull rake;1 McCormick binder;1 Osborn binder;2 slides;1 drag;2 pond scrapers;1 bluegrass seed stripper;2 water tanks;1 hog boiler;3 good farm wagons;2 extra wagon beds;200 locust fence posts;2 rolls wire fencing;50 barrels white corn;20 tons baled hay;Lot baled straw;New saddle and bridle;"Wagon gears, plow gears, tools.hoes, forks, shovels, and large lot ofother things used on large farm, including 8 good feed troughs.G. V. SHIPP AND J. R. TAYLOR. ICol. Geo. Speakes, Auctioneer.(12-lt)THORNTON CONNELL AS A STUDENT OE ERENCH.In the Kentucky University column of Sunday's Lexington Heraldappears the following regarding aFaris boy: "Thornton Connell, ofParis, editor of the Kentucky Kernel, and a student of French at theUniversity of Kentucky, recentlywith the rest of his class, as part ofhis class work, was instructed byfriend teacher to write a letter to aFrench soldier. He did, and this weekback came a reply to 'Madamoiselle'Thornton Connell, in which muchflattery was cut loose, with all kindsof feminine endings on the nounswhich referred to the surprised ad-dresse."For fire, wind, lightning and automobileinsurance,see Yerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.LOST.On Main street between the ParisBook Store and the Paris Gas &Electric Co.'s office, a black leatherhandbag with strap handle and flatkey. Had in it about $35 in bills anda gold .necklace with small cross attached. Reward for return to thisoffice. (12-tf)THE TAIRNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.You are hereby notified tdljoil1T water used for drinkinsr or domestic purposes, whether it be fromhydrant, cistern, wen or 'spring.This is important, and you will govern yourselves accordingly. 8By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) Health Officer.mm"YOUR MOVE!"A Chess and Checker Club hasbeen formed in Taris with L. D.Harris, president, Sherman H. Stivers, secretary, and the followingmembers: J. Walter Payne. R c.Foster, Wm. Bowling, Walter Shat-zig, Z. L. Wilcox, U D. Harris, Sherman H. Stivers, Thos. G. Morris,Fred W. Link, John Cahal, HomerD. Shy, Dr. Raymond McMillan, M.Peale Collier and Thomas K. Smith.The Club will meet at 7:30 o'clockevery Monday night in the Y .M. C.A. building, oConstantly increasing costs willmake it impossible to purchase againmerchandise of this character atthese exceptional values to sell atsuch low prices.TOR FRIDAY ONLY.A limited quantity of pure whitePudding Pans, extra deep, 4-quartsize, each 17c; Milk Pans, 6-quartsize, in blue and white, each 19c;Milk Crocks, 1 gallon size, each 15c,,2 for 25c; Envelopes, fine quality, 5ca package; Apple Corers, each 5c;Coat Hangers, 5c; Colgate's DentalCream, 7c; Bread and Butter Plates,Salad and Dinner Plates, all decorated, your choice, at 10 c.FOR SATURDAY ONLY.We offer a superb collection oWall Papers of all descriptions, andwhat we haven't got you will be unable to find anywhereelse in town,able to find anywhere else in town,any other dealer, because of the extraordinary valuable and close alliance with the largest Wall PaperMills in the world. We pay no middleman's profit, therefore are able toeffect this saving for you.THE FAIRCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND THE GRAND.Today (Tuesday) Pauline Frederick in Famous-Players Paramountpicture. "The Love That Lives ;"Twelfth episode of "Vengeance 'andThe Woman."To-morrow (Wednesday) TheParis favorite, Vivian Martin, in aParamount picture, "Molly Entangled;" Burton Holmes Travelogue;comedy picture.Thursday At the Alamo, afternoon and evening, the Official Government pictures, "The Retreat ofthe Germans at the Battle of Arras;"Animated Weekly News.The Paris Grand (at night) Bell'sFamous Hawallans. Tickets now onsale.m m JALL STAR HAWAIIAN ATTRACTION.Soft Hawaiian melody, strummedon the ukulele, guitar, harp andmany other fascinating instruments,will come into its own next Thursday night, March 14, when Bell's Famous Hawaiians, offering theirHawaiian American scenic musicalmasterpiece is heard at the ParisGrand Opera House. The membersof the company come direct from theHawaiian Islands, where they havebeen recognized as Hawaiia's mostnonular native musicians. The organization carries its own scenery, aswell as all properties. It is receiv-ing the hearty support of both press. and public in each city visited.FOR RENT.Desirable house, on Main street;jhas five rooms and bath; good biggarden.I (5-tf) J. T. HINTON.WEAR CLOTHESThat Are CheerfulJS 0P right, Milton Ocfcs & Co.R.THIS Spring it's a part ofyour duty to wear stylishclothes; clothes that lookcheerful and help you to feelthat way.There's big work ahead forall of us, and the more cheerfully we go at it the betterwe'll do it.It's cheerful also to wear clothes thatsave money for you. Good clothes will doit but be sure they're good. We don't sellany other kind; we make certain that they'regood for you that makes them good for us.Walsh'sClothes .are good clothes$12 50 to $35 .They're cheerful clothes because theyare stylish and 'because they save money foryou.P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.HEWS 0 WOMETS W01X tnrrEEESTDCG to club '!WOMEH ..Educational Patriotism.Study of German DiscontinuedA resolution passed by the NorthDakota Board of Education forbidsthe teaching of the German languagein all the public schools of the Stateafter July 1. French and Spanishwill be substituted as far as possible,it is said.German Dropped.The Cincinnati Board of Educationadopted a reslution excluding thestudy of German from the publicschools of the city. The measuretakes effect June 1.At The Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday Woman's Society Christian Church.Wednesday Episcopal Church Circle. Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Presbyterian Church,Woman's Society.Remember the Surgical DressingRoom is open regularly every Tuesday and Friday.Headquarters sends a hurry call for"Property Bags" with instructionstllat they be made of any BRIGHTCOLORED WASHABLE materialthe brighter the better. Size, 12 by18 inches.We are requested to search ourscrap-bags for this material, therebyconserving our money and the cottonsupply. Don't wait to the solicited,send what you can spare to the RedCross Sewing Room.With The Clubs.The Progressive Culture Club.American Novelists.Leader Mrs. Hendricks.The Paris Literary Club.Alaska's Mighty River Mrs. Ed-ards.Robt. W. Service, "The Kipling ofthe Yukon," Miss Hutchcraft.Current Event -Miss Fithian.The Art Club.Roman ArchitectureRoll Call Some part of building.Rome Taught by Etruria MissLoraine Butler.Characteristics of the Roman Order of Architecture in Rome, inGaul, in Spain Mrs. Brown.Roman Aqueducts, baths, road3and bridges Miss Ollie Butler.Roman Forum Mrs. Arnsparger.Circus, Theaters and Amphitheaters, the Coliseum Mrs. C. Woodford. Triumphal Arches of Titus, of Lorgan Mrs. W. Woodford.Temples, Pantheon Mrs. Lowry.Twentieth Century Club of Millersbure. Olin Levi Warner Mrs. Best.Gutzon Borglum Mrs. Jones.Victor David Brenner Miss Clark.Women Sculptors Harriet Hasmer, Bessie Potter Vonnoh, Dixie Selden Miss Long.Other American Sculptors Ball,Story, Rienhart, Mead and Carl Bitter Miss Ball.Hostess Mrs. Jones.Woman's Club of North Middletown.GeographyMexico Mi's. Calvert Meng.Central America Republic Mi?Mason Talbott.Panama and the Canal Mrs. AnnaCooper-Street's Name Changed.Kaiser William Street in Pittsburg is no more. The city councilrecently voted to have the namechanged to "Marne Way."American Singer Released.Miss Blanche Slocum, of Chicago,who has been held in Germany sincethe beginning of the war, has finally.succeeded in obtaining passports toleave the -country. Miss Solcum wTasa student of music in Berlin. Whenthe war broke out her passports werei evoked, German officials explainingat the time that she was under suspicion.Writer Denied Passport.Edna Ferber, the novelist, was denied passage to France when she attempted to go there as a representative of the Red Cioss Magazine. MissFerber's father was an Austrian.For that reason, it is believed, theFrench ambassador objected to herbeing allowed to enter the republic.1 151 E3 153EXCLUSIVE AGENCY EOR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.We have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm, and are made fromhome' recipes by Kirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafesand hotels, such as the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others. Theyare made at the home of KirginBros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.(8-tf)ri BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Roby Cltfy,at the. Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, a son Roby WornailClay, Jr.. To the wife of Mr. Richard Robertson, near Centerville, this county,a son Elmer Robertson. The motherwas formerly Miss Gertrude Cum-FRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918.ids 3.iNOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress Goods" 5 4VOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODS... a.'READY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSES1 come in and;;seeOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.POTATOES!Direct From Producer to ConsumerWhy pay retail prices? Will sell 2l2 bushels ormore fancy screened good quality potatoes for seed ortable use (specify which) price$1.30 PER BUSHELf. o. b. Lexington, Winchester, Georgetown or Versailles. " Call or writeStanhope WiedemannParis, KentuckyWALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper Hanging' Interior DecoratingWORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLfiC. A. DAUGHERTY- Fifth and Main Streets"IFhi?m444jS'4j-i'Nfi'i 'i -1 &h&ivrrgLnca'mins. yr -IHy TUESDAY, MXRCH 12, lfit.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.V.A jlrswClmfirron THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; semination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)1 m imTO CONFER SECOND RANKPages Sello Wollstein and Harney will take the Second Rank degree at the meeting of RathboneLodge, K. of P., next Thursdaynight. The degree team is in goodworking order. Remember, a largeaudience makes a good impressionon a candidate. Let every member bepresent.li IS feNOTICE TO MEMBERS OF REDCROSS SOCIETY.Next Thursday, March 14, will becutting day at the surgical dressingrooms of the local Red Cross Chapter.Mrs. Anna Lee Washington Clay ischairman of the cutting department.All are invited to come in and cutdressings on the regular work days,Tuesdays and Fridays.m m mSTYLE WITHOUT EXTRAVA-GANCE.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Our showing of suits at ?20, $25and $30 is exceptional. You get theutmost of style in these.J. W. DAVIS & CO.GIVE US A TRIAL.Honest test and cash for yourcream. Give us a trial.(8-2t) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.PARIS REALTY CO. BUYS HARRYSTAMLER PROPERTY.The Paris Realty Co. purchased yesterday at a private price the commodious brick home of Mr. Harry Stamler, on Main street. The purchasewas made as an investment, but lateron the property will be sub-dividedinto building lots and sold at publicsale. Due announcement of the datewill be given through, the press.m m mPURCHASE EXPORT CATTLEMr. John G. Redmon sold Saturdaya fine bunch of export cattle to theMargolen Sanitary Meat Market. Thhfirm will butcher these fine "cornfeds" for their large and increasingtrade. If you want a real sweet,juicy steak or roast, phone themyour order for a cut of this homekilled, home-raised, corn-fed stock.(12-2t)VI T THOUSE WANTED.To buy or rent; centrally located; 5 or 6rooms. PossessionApril 1st.2t HARRY COLLINS.is aFRESH PISH TO-DAY.Fresh fish received to-day and tomorrow. We dress them free ofcharge. If you want the best, phoneus.MARGOLEN'S .SANITARY .MEAT(12-2t) MARKETMr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell havereturned from their visit in Florida.Mrs. Frank P. Kiser is confinedto her home on Houston avenue withan attack of mumps.Mr. W. R. Scott has returned toCincinnati after a visit to friends inthis city. iMr. A. R. Johns leaves this morning for a recreative visit to WestBaden Springs, Ind.Miss Jessie Moore, of Georgetown, is a guest of Mrs. J. W. Bacon,on Nineteenth street.Mrs. Charles W. Heck has returned from a visit to Mrs. R. F.Moore, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Jtf. F. Grote, editor of theVanceburg Sun, was a caller at THENEWS office yesterday.Miss Elizabeth Toohey has anguest at her home near Paris, MissLouetta Brannon, of Lexington.Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, Mrs.John A. Lyle and Mrs. R. J. Neelyhave returned from an extended stayin Florida.Miss Lucy Hough, the bright little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. PatHough, of Walker avenue, is recovering from a severe illness of pneumonia. Mr. Timothy Shannon and family have moved from their farm onthe Redmon pike to the Murphy residence in East Paris, which they recently purchased.Sergt. Arthur Newsum Keller,son of Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller, ofParis, who was recently operated onat the camp hospital at Camp Shelby,near Hattiesburg, Miss., is improving. Mr. Edward Turner, of nearParis, who recently underwent asurgical operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, isgreatly improved, and will be ablesoon to return to his home.The Winchester Daily Sun says:"Mr. George Nevins, Louisville,who has been in this city on business for several days, has gone toParis for an extended stay.... Mrs.John A. Bower has returned to herhome in Paris after a visit to Mrs. J.W. Ishmael."Mrs. Lunceford Talbott will beable to return this week to her homein this city from the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington. Mrs.Talbott underwent a serious surgicaloperation at the Lexington institution some time ago.Relatives and friends in this cityhave received cards announcing the!marriage of Miss Evelyn D. Read, ofAshland, on February 23, to Mr.William R. Fisher, of Carlisle. Thewedding took place at the home ofthe bride's grandmother, Mrs. C.Frank, in Ashland. The groom is ason of Mrs. Alice Fisher, of Carlisle,and a grandson of the late Mr. B. F.Remington; of Paris.Mrs. Swift Champe is improvingafter an illness of two weeks'.Mr. John T. Hinton, Jr., ofHuntington, W. Va., arrived Sundayfor a visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. John T. Hinton, and other' relatives.Mr. A. T. Padgett, of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, and family, will move from Paris this weekto Covington, to make that city theirfuture home.Mr. and Mrs. James ThompsonJr., of near Paris, spent the week-endin Lexington, as guest of Mrs. Thomrson's parents, Mr. and Mrs. OvertonChenualt at their home on Ashlandavenue.Messrs. J. Frank Trisler and NB. Hedges, of Paris, attended thebanquet given in Lexington, Fridaynight by the field force of the National Life Insurance Co. Mr. Trisler presided as toastmaster.The Tampa, Florida, social -correspondence of the Sunday CourierJournal, says: "Aylette Buckner, ofBourbon county, Kentucky, has returned home after several weeksat Eustis, leaving Mrs. Buckner andson, Catlett, here for another week.They are entertaining Mrs. GeorgiaWebb, of Paris, Ky., for severaldays."(Other Personals on Page 3)RELIGIOUS.There was a large attendance atthe services at the Centreville Metho-'dist church Sunday. Rev. Owens, ofWilmore, filled his regular appointment there on that day, and preached special sermons of great interest.He was accompanied by Rev. Rice, ofDetroit, Mich. Special music wU3furnished by the Wilmore Quartet.Rev. Geo. R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church, will geto San Antonio, Texas, about March18, where he will assist his university classmate, Rev. Henry M. Rarliff, in conducting a revival meetingat the Prospect Hill Methodistchurch. Rev. Ratliff will assist Rev.Combs in a revival at the Parischurch some time in the early summer. The Women's Missionary Unionof the Baptist church will hold itsannual Home Mission meeting inthe church parlors at 2:30 o'clockthis afternoon. A special offering forthe year's Home 'Mission work will betaken. A musical program will berendered. Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, thepastor, will address the meeting onthe subject of "Kingdom Building."MimmIn olden times there was a sayingthat "when thieves fall out, honestmen get their due." Now, insteadof falling out they divide the "territory" and honest men don't standthe ghost of a chance.PARIS BOY RECEIVES APPOINTMENT TO ANNAPOLIS.United States Senator J. C. W.Beckham announced Friday that hehad made the following nominationsto the Annapolis Naval Academy, atAnnapolis, Maryland: Kirtley Jameson Gregg, of Paris, principal;Frank W. Simpson, of Lexington, firstalternate. The entrance examinationwill take place on April 16.m m ibYOUR GARDEN SEED.Get in your order for garden seed.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Pa a PaCHAUFFEUR WANTED.Good place for an experiencedman. Reference as to character andability required. Call at BOURBONNEWS office, or call either phone124. (12-3t)m m mTO LECTURE IN LEXINGTON.A lecture on the subject of'Osteopathy As a Profession For Women," will be delivered by Dr. Maltha Petree, of Paris, to-morrow evening at a meeting to be held in Patterson Hall, Lexington, by the Philosophian Literary Society and thePre-Medical Society of Kentuckyville and Fred S. Crumbaugh.Dr. Petree will be the guest fhonor at an afternoon tea to-morrow,preceding the lecture, to be given bythe young ladies of the Society, atthe home of Dean Hamilton, of theUniversity, on South Limestonestreet.Gaili-Curci captivatesin theMarriage of Figaro44AUTO SUPPLANTS STAGE.For twenty-five years WalterThomas has driven the stage fromNorth Middletown to Paris, carryingmail, freight and passengers. Thestage line for many years made thethrough trip from Mt. Sterling toTaris, during which time it was under the guidance of many differentpilots. ,Now the spirit of progress hasreached out and laid its hands on thestage-wagon, which will be retiredand its place taken by an up-to-dateauto truck. Mr. Thomas will regain in charge ana serve ma "--asusual. . ..The old order is gradually cnanj,i --i ,? .ir fhprA are comnara-&t ' .x.Ti' rw tmrcrAwn stas:e lines in-" Vs IStil fesiSwtIIISo sympathetic is her singing of this melodic song of lovethat you are held in bonds ofceaseless admiration for thisgreat new soprano.Victrola Record 64748. Ten-inch. $1 .00Heifets displays his 'geniusas he plays "Capricieuse"The magic of hk, fingers endows the violin'with veritable personality. He gives thisexquisite caprice a new interpretation thatdraws upon the heart's most tender emotions.Victrola Record 64760. Ten-inch. $ 1 .00WItThou Art Near Me, Margarita'De Gogorza sings this charming love-lyricwith a spontaneity that makes its message reals-Viclrcla Record C47Z2. Ten-inch. $1 00De Luca sings "Pastorale"This popular Neapolitan song discloses thesupreme mastery of voice that this famousbaritone pocsesse3.Victrola Record G4GG5. Ten-inch. $1.00Coir.c hear them, and get a complete list ofNew Victor Records for MarchwmDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainIJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESi -In All the Latest Colors and MaterialsfcVNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryMKMrWMThe Big Cash SaleWhere You Get the Lowest Prices and the Best GoodsIs Still Going On, and Will Continue Until April 1st.Anticipate Your Needs.The Great Way Sagless SpringsAre in Our SaleatTry One for 60 Days; if it Don't Suit Send it BackMATTING RUGS9x12 Feet; Sale Price $460 Look at the QualityIf we do not sell you Better Goods For Less Moneywe do hot expect to sell you.iJoin Our Kitchen Cabinet Club ITHEJ.T.HINT0NC0MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPI-IONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.11 1 1operaiiuu j..vm.v . - . s?"'t..'i .2i ...4VMUn14tmS&S.iA-V"-?:"- ".""rn-Ti 'jl""THE BOURBOK -ISb MMSKfcTfofc5ta.avhg6 J-.Ttran;7Ti,W? wPV'-'-jr -sf-THE RED CROSS NURSES OF EUROPEARE GIVING TO ASTEDCIGARETTES TO THE BOYS' " X"ToWyoe who doesn't knew of thewonderful aSrances tKat havebeen madein the JwepMCTiNjHjf smofang tobaccosin thfelastlEeW yearft may sound strangeto speak of toasted cigarettes.Strictly speaking, we should say cigaretternjadeof toasted tobacco; the smokers ous country rill recognize it morereadily J by its trade name, "LUCKYSTRIKE" the toasted cigarette.The Anencn Tobacco Company areprodHdng Wludos '"these toasffed cigarettes and these are being bought inenormous quantities through the varioustobacco? funds conducted by the newspapers J of the country and forwardedthrough' the Red Cross Society to the boysin France.This new process of treating tobacconot only improves the flavor of the tobacco'but it seals in this flavor and makesthe cigarettes keep better.The Red Cross nurse is always glad tohave a cigarette for the wounded soldier,as, in most instances, that is the firstthing, asked for.STATE UNIVERSITY MAN IS ONEOF LONDON'S DEFENDERSCaptain Keeling Pulliam, of theaviation section, U. S. A., formerly &student of the University of of Kentucky, is at present in the Londonpatrol and is one of the aviators whoflies each, night over the English capital to protect its people from Germanraiders.-Captain Pulliam was graduatedfrom the University of Kentucky,June, 1916. His brother, HaroldPulliam, also a former student of theUniversity, with Rasty Wright, a former Wildcat, is at Boston in aviationtraining.to to toThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured byF. J, Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the SystemOne Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered lor any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March) 'to to toAnd now Russia wants a senate.Wonder how many more calamitiesthey may wish on themselves?i- . ft -!w-.ri .THE TOBACCO MARKETS.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse.Company sold 58,690 pounds oftobacco Friday for an"average of"531.03 per hundred pounds. The following crop averages, were reported: . jJames Crombiesoldl42o poundsfor an average of $32.09.A. B. Hazelrigg sold 1,865 poundsfcr an average $37.92.Wm. Utterback sold 3,635 poundsfor an average of $37.56.Wm. H. Whaley sold 1,985 poundsfor an average o $4yfe37.''Wilson Bros, sold 2,880 pounds foran average of $3 8.0 3.Leggett & Tacke'tt sold 3,220pounds for an average of $27.51.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse..r. --j rej .-. At ve-i .. At:uompany soia rrraayr 4u,aua')ouuuaof tobacco for $12,76&Bi; an averageof $31.52 per hundred' pounds. Thecrop averages were as follows: 'J. W. Bell sold 1,815 pounds foran average of $42.57 per hundred.Simms & Huffaker sold- 5,890pounds for an average of $32.47.Wm. Crouch sold 4,385 pounds foran average of $3B.68.Bannister & Reed sold 4,760pounds for an average of $36.02.Rogers & Clay sold 2,780 poundsfor an average of $34.82.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ayoung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," weinquired. "My Wjife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. Ient to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the sheifexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. .. Customers lose faith instores where substituting is permittedto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disappointment of customers,(adv. March)Between the task ofy keeping theoutside world ignorant of the truesituation of Germany, and keeping.the German people ignorant of tho'true situation in the outside world,the Kaiser is about as busy as aman with a basket of eels.After reading 'President Feng KwoChang's retirement message onefeels what a splendid example heis to certain other rulers.Of course every effort will be madeto keep the Germans from trying tosee whether Mr. Saunders unsinkableships are sinkable.-TEACHIHG GERHAHBAltaD INKENTUCKY SCHOOLSThe Kentucky Legislature by avote of 58 to 18, has passed the billintroduced by Representative Vanhoose, of Johnson county,, prohibitingthe teaching of German in the publicschools of Kentucky. One of ' thestrongest speeches in favor of thepassage of the bill was made by Representative Claude M. Thomas, ofBourbon county, who said he hopedhe would "never hear German spokenagain in the land of liberty and enlightenment." Apropos of this, THE NEWS takespleasure in publishing "the followingletter from Prof? G.' 'Brittain 'Lyttle,professor of languages' at th Barbourville, Ky., College. Prof. Lyttlerecently favored THE NEWS withan interesting communication, atranslation from a Spanish paper regarding a controversy as to the birthplace of Thomas Alva Edison, theAmerican wizard of electricity.Prof. Lyttle's letter follows:"Barbourville, Ky., March 9, 1918."Ed. BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: I am prompted to askyou to extend hearty congratulationsof an old teacher and friend of theyouth of our country, to Representative Thomas, of your county, andother members of the KentuckyAssembly, upon the passage of thebill for the discontinuance of German as a foreign-language study inthe public schools of our State."As long ago as 1915, while attending the Pan-America-Pacific International Exposition at San Francisco, California, to celebrate thecompletion of the Panama Canal,where I was engaged as Spanish interpreter by the California State Exhibit, I saw the statement in thoChronicle, one of the leading San'Francisco and Pacific Coast newspapers, and one of the most reliablepublications, that Germany had forabove twenty-five years had a doggedpropaganda in the United States, forthe stimulation of the study of German, 'not primarily for the benefitof the American schools, nor yet forthe ulterior purpose of cultivatingamicable relationship with our country, but almost exclusively for thepurpose of keeping American schoolsfrom logically and naturally adoptingthe other great National language orAmerica, apart from the English, theSpanish, as the foreign languagestdy and thus equipping Americanbusiness men with an effective advantage for acquiring their share ofthe expanding business and devloping fields of enterprise and industiof Spanish -America against Germancompetition and intrigue.'"When the present war is over weshall probably have, if possible, lessuse for the Teuton tongue than formerly. It could be of no use toAmerican youth except as intellectual exercise. Spanish, while a nevworld language, is an old-world language, too, like English, these twoNational languages of America beingthe most highly developed and systematic, besides being richest in literature. "Yours very truly,"G. BRITTAIN LYTTLE."njmAiiHteiMiiMilMMiVVi'iriftS'BMt' "1- '"-tA LOT BETTERTells How Tanlac Radium TreatmentHelped Him BenefittedIn Three Days.TLYQftfprtt 0K "' HO'" .THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYBreaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging toThomason, Burris & Hinkston for anAverage of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at$78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas, Burris & Hinkston crop sold as follows:115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds $55.50; 175 pound $60.00; 210 pounds $54.50; 200 pounds l$5450; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 .pounds $77.00; 200 pounds $58 00- 125pounds $60.00; 290 pounds 58.50; 205 pounds $60.00; 170 pounds $50.50; -80 pounds 147 00115 pounds $54.50.Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson .4525 pounds, averaged $54,06Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, averaged 50.24 s '. Plummer, McClure & Vimont f ' ' .1975 pounds, averaged 47S4Jhomason, Burris & Fleming . - -- 3255 pounds, averaged,. . t47.54Plummer, McClure Frederick3580 pounds, .averaged . . ." . 43 .87Thomason, Burris &Wagifer ' "1890 pounds, averaged x 48.2 1 .- -Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47.00. Jonss & Mason1340 pounds, averaged 45.82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged 46.33r Jacoby & Gray7075 pounds, averaged 41 .45Ewalt& Kenton ' ,f" r 4590 pounds, averaged 38.90'Clay &"Nealfc -2530 jpounds,. averaged 44.94The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.Robt. Malcolm-, 68; of 1317 Walnutstreet, Cincinnati, Ohio, says lie hasfound a certain "source- of reliefviriTanlac Rheumatism Medicine, aftersuffering-from the aches and pains ofrheumatism for five years. TanlacRheumatism Treament is the newtreatment for rheumatism which contains radium."I live on the third floor and itused to be that I could hardly climbthe stairs to my flat because of thesevere rheumatic pains- in my kneesand the calves of my legs, but I canclimb up to my flat a whole lot easier now and I've only been takingthis 'lanlac Rheumatism Treatmentfor three days," said Mr. Malcolm."I'm a carpenter by trade and lotsof my work makes it necessary forme to get down on the floor on myknees. The rheumatic pains used tobe so bad that I could hardlyget tomy feet after working on the flooron my knees."The pains kept me awake at night.too. Sometimes it felt like ,my legs"ere being pulled off of me. Thelack of sleep and rest made me feelbad in mornings and sometimes Icoulden't go to work."I was surprised that TanlacRheumatism Treatment should helpme so quickly. The pains have goneaway so much now that the last twonights I have slept better thn I havefor weeks. I can. et to my feet better after working on my knees, too.Only yesterday I was doing somefloor repairing and after I gotthrough with the job I was surprisedat how easily I could get to my feet."I believe that with a thoroughtrial Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentwill rid me entirely of my rheumatism, and I am sure strong for thismedicine and recommend it."If you suffer from rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment today. Try a real medicine for rheumatism. Try Radium. You can getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment atVarden & Son's.(adv-marl2-15)May a layman be permitted to express doubt that the Colonel's doctors are pursuing the route to recovery by ordering him a course ofiquiet.It is said that the German peoplehave' been eating their dogs. "Hot.dog" is no meaningless term overthere.iii,ui c . ,-'"jtftdT .otTT s)2jk'iflk4iiffv mtfUtJw ah I c v iEvery Automobile OwnerIii Bourbon Countyx.To Have the Advantage of Our.10TTIRE'' .71 2o i ' '1 1 Jl I iV IVI I ft I IBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryoursdtf.r - L jtWeDo'Ke-Tteading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL QARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Str.BJJflMfliMftfl1-ii-4m-iiThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristow 2310 Poundsof Tobacco ForAn Average of $55.62Sale of - February 20th, 291, 350 PoundsAVERAGE, $31.42Some Other Good Recent Averages:Jones & Mason 1525 pounds, average .Marshall & Moreland 5565 pounds, average .Clay & Toohey 2340 pounds, average.Ji H. Barnes 4050 pounds, averageShropshire & Tibbs 3390 pounds, average .Grimes & Johnson 2305 pounds, average.Thomas & Reed 4084 pounds, average .H. L. Smith 35fi5 pounds, average.$44.43. 43.97. 40.63. 40.97. 40.27. 42.05. 38.4S. 38.07The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Holds, Beside theCrop Record the Market Record for Paris and KentuckySold 5,400,000 pounds of tobacco for an average of $28.74.Was also above the average of any market in Kentucky.3iI1 Boor bonTobacco Warehouse Co5'TimVjt,ssJV-WuWf.r(Iftoorvmtei.)PARIS, KENTUCKY(Incoirorated)X.J. T. COLLINS, Manager.'7SxJ r.rv"-r5 Im '. . - ,- . PmnvTUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.pin araUGH! ACID STOKACH,SOUEHESS, HEAETBUEN,GAS OR INDIGESTIONTheMoment "Pape's Diapepsin'Reaches the Stomacli AllDistress Goes.The last will and testament of thelate Mr. X. J. Rose, of Bourbon, wasadmitted to probate in Judge Batter-ton's Court Friday.The instrument, which disposes ofa iarm valued at aoouc szu.uuu. 10-Do some foods you eat hit back cated near Jacksonville, an Bourbontaste good, but work badly; ferment j County, besides a lot of personalinto acids and cause a sick, sour, property, was drawn on Oct. 7, 1916,gassy stomacli? Now, Mr. or Mr. and was witnessed by Messrs. Wm. G.DysDentic. jot this down: Pane's McChntock and W. P. Talbott. TheX. J. BOSE'S WIIL IS ADMITTEDTOPEOBATE.Diapepsin helps neutralize the excessive acids th the stomach so yourfood won't sour and upset you. Therenever was anything so safely quick,so certainly effective. No differencehow badly your stomach is upset youusually get happy relief in five minutes, but what pleases you most isthat it helps to regulate your stomach so you can eat your favorite foodswithout fear.Most remedies give you relief sometimes they are slow, but not sure.will makes the following bequests:To Higgins Taylor, 18 acres of landand $1,000 in cash.To Tillman Taylor, $1,000.To Claude Taylor, $500.To Alvin Taylor, $300.To Mrs. Gertrude Taylor Speagle,$300.To Mrs. Speagle's infant daughter,$100.To Mrs. Maude Taylor Howard,$200.To Geo. T. Rainey, $300.To Mrs. Bessie T. Thompson, $200.To his sister, Miss Georgia A. Rose,t!-"t.fF,re-4"Pane's Diapepsin is positive inneutralizing the acidity, so the mis-l2 500ery wont come deck very quicmy. T. . vrnfllo p A ,, jonn-.w ..w x,wx.., j... j.. a.vuo, yi-uu.You feel different as soon asPape's Diapepsin" comes in contactwith the stomach distress just vanishes your stomach gets sweet, nogases, no belching, no eructations ofundigested food, your head clears andyou feel fine.Go now, make the best investmentyou ever made, by getting a largefifty-cent case of Pape's DiapepsinYou realize inTo Virgie Rose, $100.To Viola Rose Doane, $50.To Jessie Rose Benton, $50.To Lizzie Rose Means, $50.To Homer Rose, $10.To W. N. Rose, $10.To Alvie Rose, $500.To Orie Rose, $100.To Annie Rose, $25.To Minnie Rose, $25.To his sister, Mrs. Lillian Ritchie,from any drug store.five minutes how needless it is to. $200suffer from indigestion, due to acidi To Frank Ritch'ie, $100.fermation. ; To Alice Rose Wilson, $100.(adv) The residue of the -estate is to bedivided among the following heirsequally: Tillman Tavlor. HiVe-ins-.-. .totmv-im nNT TMrrrl m" i . , . " . .'. JZ'.NEED O.UW XiUitbiib JJUifc Altmi rrayior, uiaude Taylor, Alvin Taylor,JBY JU-N.E 1..A call for 5,000 nurses betweennow and June 1, for services in military hospitals at home and abroad4ias been made upon the Red Crossby Surgeon General Goras, of thearmy. JNeany y.uuu nurses aireaayGertrude Speigel, Maude Howard,Geo. Rainey, Bessie Thompson.Virgie Rose, Viola Doane, Jesse Benton and Lizzie Means.The instrument named CountyJudge George Batterton as executorof the estate, but on account of hisofficial position, he refused to qualify.have been supplied by the Red Cross,' it is probable that Mr. George Rose,but the need for more grows impera- of Paris, a relative of the testator,tive daily. Of the eighty or ninety ,W1" oe appointed as executor ot thethousand registered nurses in the ; ebtdte -aay Dy Juage jatterton.United States, General Goras estimates that approximately 30,000 willbe needed for service in army hospitals during the year.Miss Jane A. Delano, Red Cross director of nursing, issued an appealto the country's nurses to volunteer.She pointed out that such nurseswould be eligible to participate in thearmy and navy insurance at nominalrates.THEBEST PROOF GIVENPARIS CITIZEN.BYYou Don't Have toStoop -If You Use aGarlandCabinetRangejfegffx 4ES&l!ixJ--'& v E.fi o.'-krr. WJaailMNH221W "j03EttlyV?t'-?Z.Z-TrMwf$3mMjfiA beautiful line of Garlands on d!play. Come in and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Doan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was -told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence.Has proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimonyThe proof is convincing.It can be investigated by Paris residents. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St..Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the .fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that time, for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneysand if anyone had hit me in the backwith a heavy axe it could not havehurt worse. In one week after usingDoan's Kidney Pills, I felt like a different woman for they fixed me up infine shape. (Statement given February 17, 1908.)RESULTS THAT REMAINOn November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)11 )1 IBf- (-yc1 f -St-Ink Mosi JyeaMrfafl L&-rfW'vm jnnnemcafSTUDENTS STUDY STOCKKENTUCKY ESTATES.ONThe class studying stock breedingat the College of Agriculture, University of Kentucky, will soon begin tospend Saturdays visiting variouslarge stock farms of the State for thepurpose of studying representativetypes of pure bred stock. The stockat the Kentucky Experiment stationis inadequate for the extensive studyrequired to give boys experience injudging. The class is composed of40 men. During the remainder ofthe semester they will study sheep,beef catile and swine with regard totheir characteristics, "origin, typeand adaptability."VrOTOR CARS this year will be and should be, bought carefully, intelligently as a- A weN considered investment. Never have motor cars been more widely and genuinelyneeded. And never have they been selected with such discrimination and understanding of theirreal worth and character.'Every man must "wake up and speed up," if the war is to be won. This is the economic hourof the motor car. It must serve as a utility. Therefore- it will be bought as a utilityselected for its sound mechanical excellence, its reputation for good service and economicalmaintenance and for the name of the Company that builds and -sells itIt is in that spirit, to serve that end that the Paige Essex "Six'55" is being bought, not merely by. patriotic Americans, but by the efficient and discriminating Americans who recognize in thiscar the best value, the- best service and the best ally of their own efficiency.fe "TSix-" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger $2850rTown Car "Six-55" 7-passcnger$3230; Limousine "Six-55" 7-passeriger $3230; Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850; Larchmont "Six-55"4-passenger $1895; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenger $1330; Glendale '.,Six-39M Chummy Roadster $1330;Cabriolet "Six-39" $1630; Dartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3-passenget $1330; Sedan "Six-39" 5-passenger $1925.All Prices f . o. b. Detroit.tPAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY; DETROIT, MICHIGAN'r. p. wmiteWith Dickerson & Douglas Garage SERVICE STATION -Fourth and High Streets, Paris, Ky.3 ejixsS'"MOTHER! YOUR CHILDIS CROSS. FEVERISH.FROM CONSTIPATIONIf Tongue Is Coated, Breath -Bad.Stomacli Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.rjmmer-jxmW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KSGive "California Syrup of Figs" atonce a teaspoonful to-day oftensaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is out of -sorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally look, mother! seeif tongue is coated. This is a suresign that its little stomach, liver andbowels are clogged with waste. Whencross, irritable, feverish, st6machsour, breath bad or has stomach-ache,diarrhoea, sore throat, f till of cold,give a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," and in a few hoursall the constipated poison, undigested food and sour bile gently movedout of its little bowels wit-houfc griping, and you have a well, playful,child again. jMothers can rest easy after givingthis harmless "fruit laxative!," because it never fails to cleanse the little one's liver and bowel andsweeten the stomach and they dearlylove its pleasant taste. Full .directions for babies, children of all agesand for grown-ups printed on4 eachbottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle or"California Syrup of Figs;" thensee that it is made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." f(adv)CORN IMPORTS' ARE CUT OFF TOMAKE WAY FOR WHEAT.A temporary embargo on corn imports has been declared by the WarTrade Board to increase the movement of wheat from South America,needed here for immediate consumption. Another purpose of the orderis to make available wheat for shipment' to Switzerland, which thoughpromised supplies from the UnitedStates, is running perilously shortbecause" deliveries have not beenmade.KENTUCKY OILEXCHANGEPhoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Phone 3871ALL EXCEPTIONS TO THE 150-50WHEAT SELLING PLAN. ,REVOKED.All exceptions to the food administration rule requiring the purchaseof an equal amount of substitutesPhone 3871OIL STOCKS AND LEASESBOUGHT AND SOLD.Will buy subjectSo. Oil of Lee County -Southwestern OilComet OilCaddy OilMcCombs OilFederal Oil mOleum RefiningEureka Coal and MiningMonarch Vacuum Pet OilWe will sell subjectComet Oil-. . ,. . . . $2.00Hoffman Oil, Ky., ...... 2.00The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address. i -In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time ariclbother to.be sure of thenumber. t , .,'The absolutely sure way' is to Jirst consult the telephone directorynot trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting herjf she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.J. J.'VEATCH,Dktrict Manager .(ImbbrfonUd)W. H.CANJT0H, tLMtlMoiger.with each nurchase of wheati flouvhave been, revoked because of the, Kenova Oil 30necessity of conserving wheat for the j Pan American 1.00Allies. J Crown Oil . :' 90Bourbon Oil 65The entire country thus is put ona parity in regard to buying ofwheat flour. Exceptions to the rulehad been allowed in certain topalities where substitutes are (littleknown and hard to; obtain. iIncreased demftndsfQr breadstuff ifrom the Allies .were announced .several days ago, .when ttiefood administration abolished ' th6. n$a'$lessf meal,and tlie pbfcklpss Saturdays, ap the'consumption of meat .and .it j "wa?deemed, more imperative to. save thegrain. ( j ' ' f it'Snortage in arrivals 'from th'e Argentine caused -the enlarge4 requests, upon this country. 5, fr m " " 1 1TRY THIS FOR SblTC STOMACH. ,Eat slowly, masticate yousfoodthoroughly. Eat but little meat and'none at all for supper. If yoju ar.still troubled with sour stomacli takeone-of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.Republic Oil 75Cumb. P. R 1.05Barnett,Oil & Gas 1.10Kentucky-Wyoming 50Monarch V. Pet 1.75Federal Oil r 4.00Caaily Oil '. .-. 5.50(mar5-tf).,9twin Bros. Department StoreSmmft and Ittaln $t$. Pari, KcMttfckyReady For YouLARGE DISPLAY OFSilks, Poplins, DressGoods, Ginghams, Percales, Fancy Crepes, SilkGinghams, Etc., Etc.COME AND SEECuresand preventsThis nort dangerous W ft if AofalltMkbycbicJccUs if aiuicoeltlTelr - - - "DrtTeatad. maTTT1tE&r cured. " wwby putting 2 or 3 aropa or .Bwrfeo Pontiry hmijts tfc drlaklnc water durl&z Vbmfirntea d7. Cures epes. aholara.erekoad, romp and cold. ' A 50a, bottle JBaea 18fcalloosoCradUA -- r'r)j3The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West5Street'Sitisfaciioi is OirW-cbw.r.With ILthe latest improvements in laundryappliances. ,and exihelpers, we are Drewto do work inferior1npne, . ana soucxt yourpabnage. IBourbon Laundry,; Paris' KMtMky.t&peatpaMiJtPuultxy BookFrea,VMICa)9A RIAyJpaVf PMIWf fca)WPJa"Jf a y3r--Vjw ""fLift.Wiit;!..tAdBTt(flai&AflaiS f JN 4k4fei."?- ,n,1fT1-T,4-(adv.i March) t t1 1SffW-" vjg- t rts ..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.- .'&,tubsda, MIc& if, iii.11GE EIGHTl;1 1 1 HI i i i iiAii4AA44i44ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l'fcXKfi3 THE PARIS QRAND AND ALAMO--srrs'& W.ftI! The J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ifllttllf'l'4l4'llI'llllll'll'i'illlllll3llllll'li''l''lll'I"t"!"I''I''l'--i'1.4iMILLERSBURG.Mrs. Ada McClintock is somewhat improved.Mrs. America Butler continuesvery much the same.Mr. and Mrs. J. Smith Clarkeare in Louisville on business.Col. C. M. Best left Saturday for ja ten-days' sojourn at Dawson .Springs. IMrs. G. C. Watkins and son, ofIrvine, are guests of her mother, Mrs. iEmma Reynolds. jMr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst are atthe bedside of their brother, Mr. 01lie Hurst, in Lexington. IMr. and Mrs. It. A. Harney, of"Paris, were guests Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. Emmet Mastin. iMr. E. M. Thomason who hasibeen confined to his home for severaldays, is able to be out again. !Mr. and Mrs. John "Gardner, ofLexington, were guests Sunday, ofMr. and Mrs. Dennis McMahan. jMr. and Mrs. J. H. Barnes havereturned from their wedding tourand are at home to their friends. ICadet Rutherford, of William--son,W. Va., is critically ill at the M.M. I., and is in charge of a trainednurse.Mrs. F. E. Peterson left Mondayfor a week's visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Rice, at Walnut Grove, inFayette county.Mr. W. N. Vimont, of Maysville,-was the guest of his mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and daughter. Miss Florence Vimont, Sunday.Mr. J. V. Ingels, of Eminence, ar-Tired Friday as a guest of relativeshere, and was present at the funeralof his brother-in-law, Mr. T. E.Savage.Mr. and Mrs. Ray Boulden Con. way. of Fairview, Fleming County.were guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. T.Maffott and Mr. J. S. Clarke and fam-i ily, -from Saturday until Monday.Mr. Potts, of Cleveland, 0., ad-rlrKc:pri tliA "RpH P.rnss fVhnntpr hftiir. .. j i. , o ..!..:. no Icsaturuay tuieiuuuu. ouujcul, xvu-.. T-iief." Dr. H. M. Boxley and Mr. 0.E. Hurst were appointed as a committee on Civilian Relief work.The Christian church has calledElder Joe Myers, a student at Transylvania University, Lexington, as.- pastor for the coming year to suc". seed Elder C. 0. Cossaboom, who recently resigned. Elder Myers will en- ter on his duties next Sunday.Mrs. Mary Foster, who diedWednesday at three p. m. of pneumonia, was interred in the Millersburg"- Cemetery, Saturday morning, after-- aa appropriate service at the Catholic church at Paris. Her daughter,Mrs. Malcom Armstrong, of Farmedsville, Va., did not arrive in time forthe funeral. She reached Lexingtonwhile the funeral was going on anddid not arrive in Millersburg untilafter the internient.Mrs. Dennis McMahan was se-A New Spring Hat"For25 Cents'. y fcjou can color your straw hat"Afresh and dainty with ,COLORITE!. Im most every shade, or you cancoW "your straw hat to match a"Get t'Jbottle to-day. We haveu court .vlrooksftSnappDrugCo.41 41 Mail St.Hinton Co.Ky.Day phone 36Nisht s . . 56or Home 286verely burned Friday afternoon aboutthe face and head, caused by the explosion of a hot air stove. She hadreplenished the fire sometime beforethe explosion with slack, which didnot ignite at once, this created gas,which exploded after she had stirredthe fire, bursting the stove and burning her severely, She is loing nicelyat this writing, and the burns arcnot as serious as they were firstthought to be. -Mr. Joe Williams tendered hislesignation as City Marshal of Millersburg at the Council meeting lastWednesday evening, to take effectMarch 15. He has occupied this position for a number of years andserved the town well. It is withmany regrets that we give him up.He will accept a more lucrative position at Paris, beginning April 1. Hishome will be sold at public auctionthis afternoon. Possession will begiven about April 1, at which timehe and his family will move to Paris.Mr. Thomas E. Savage, agedsixty-nine, died Saturday about eightp. m. at the home of his son, Mr. P.J. Savage, at Paris, after a lingeringillness of a complication of diseases.Mr. Savage was born March 11, 1849,at Murphysville, Mason county. Hewas a son of Dr. and Mrs. WilliamSavage, and was one of three children. One sister survives him, Mrs.William Hinton, of Paris. Mr. Savage and family moved to Millersburgwhen their children were quiteyoung. After Mr. Savage grew tomanhood, he operated a drug store inMillersburg for a time with his father. Later he resided at St.Joseph, Mo., for a time, after whichhe held several traveling positionsfor Cincinnati commercial houses. In1889 he accepted a position in thedrug store of Dr. W. M. Miller, andafterward held the same positionwith Mr. H. H. Philips, then withSmith & Wadell, and for a short timewith W. M. Wadell & Co. He wasalso Deputy County Clerk under Mr.Ed. D. Paton, and later his son, Mr.Pearce Paton, which position he helduntil his health failed him. For along time he was notary public, andhas written more wills, deeds, mortgages and contracts than any otherman in Millersburg;, except Mr. R. 3.Boulden. He was a devout memberof the Methodist church from boyhood, and for more than a quarter ofa centry a member -of the officalboard, and for many years, untilbroken in health, he was its secretary. He was united Tn marriage whenquite a young man to Miss GertrudeIngels, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.P. B. Ingles, who preceded him tothe grave some years ago. Five children was the result of this happymarriage, three sons, Dr. -Win. E.Savage, of Cincinnati, Mr. RobertSavage, who died when a young pian,and Mr. F. J. Savage, train dispatcher for the L. & N. R. R. Co., at Paris,with whom he was temporarily residing at the time of his death; twodaughters, Miss Mary Savage, whoresided with him, and Mrs. A. C.Clockseim, of Cleveland, 0.For the past two years Mr. Savagahas been in failing health, and it wasrealized by his family and friendsthat the end was slowly approaching.For a long time he was an invalid,but able to get around. Last fallwhen his health failed so he was nolonger able to get about, he and hisdaughter, Miss Maiy Savage, went toParis to reside with his son, Mr. F.J. Savage..' Jlis daughter, Mrs.Clockseim, of Cleveland, was unableto attend the funeral on account ofpoor health. Prof. Clockseim waspresent.The funeral services were heldMonday at two-thirty p. m., at Millersburg Methodist church, and wereconducted by Rev. J. D. Redd, P. E.,of the Maysville District, a life-longfriend of the deceased, assisted by hispastor, Rev. J. W. Gardner. Themusic was under the direction ofMrs. C. ,M. Best, of M. M. I. The1floral tributes were beautiful and at-jtested the high esteem in which thedeceased was held by his family, rel-atives and friends. The remains were 'laid to rest on the family lot by the"side of his wife and son, in the Millersburg Cemetery, perhaps about thesame hour in the day when sixty-nineyears ago he first beheld the lightand glory of this Jjefcutiful world.Tuesday, March 12thAdofph Zukor PresentsPauline Frederickin a Famous Players-Paramount Picture"THE LOVETHAT LIVES"By Scudder Middleton. One of the notedstar's best characterizations.Also 12th Episode of'Vengeance and the Wo man'PricesDEATHS.CLAY.Mr. Sidney B. Clay, aged sixtyeight, a former resident of Bourbpiicounty, died at the home of hisnephew, Mr. Charles Colcord, another ex-Bourbonite, in Oklahoma City,Ukla., recently. Mr. uiay was anonly brother of Mrs. Mattie ClayDonaldson, of Paris. He was born onthe farm on the Winchester pike,now owned by Mr. J. Frank Clay. Heattended the public schools of Parisin his younger days. About fifteenyears ago he moved to Oklahoma.Mr. Clay was the son of Win. GreenClay and Patsy Clay, and was wellknown throughout the Bluegrasssection. The funeral and burial tookplace at Oklahoma City.HARRIS.The funeral of Mrs. VirginiaHarris, aged fifty-eight, who died, atthe Woodford Hospital, in Versailles,last week, was held Friday at thehome of her brother, J. B. Smith, atDucker's Station, in Wloodford county. The interment followed on thefamily lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The pall-bearers were SamHouston, Albert Smith, CassiusSmith, J. D. Smith, Jr., Nathan Linville and Fred S. Crumbough.Besides her husband, one daughter, one son and two sisters, Mrs.Harris Is survived by three' brothers,one of whom, Dr. W. R. Smith, resides near Jacksonville, in Bourboncounty.. At'DUNCAN.The funeral of Mr. James Duncan, aged eighty-nine, one of the pioneer citizens of Bourbon county, willbe held at the Old Union Methodist,Church at two o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon. Sarvices will beconducted by the Rev. W. W. Owen,pastor of the church. The interment,will follow in the Old Union Ceme-jtery.Mr. Duncan, who had been an in-!valid for some timet died at hishome near Centerville, this county,!Sunday morning at eleven o'clock, ofthe infirmities of age. He is survivedtby three sons, James Duncan, ofCovington; Wm. Duncan, of near,Centerville, and Thos. Duncan, of,Fayette county, and four daughters,!Mrs. Samuel Collier, of near Lees-jburg, Harrison county ; Mrs. LutieHerrington, of Woodford county;Mrs. Emma Goddard, of Lexington,and Mrs. Sarah Beckett, of Fayettecounty.fe fe aMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued itCarlisle, Saturday, to Mr. Claude M.Graves and Miss Lida Grayson, bothof that city. The marriage ceremonyill be performed in this city to-morrow.HOLT SAMPSON.Mrs. Li. Blanton Holt, of Lexington, fornierly of Paris, has made public announcement -of the engagementof her daughter, Miss Mary CatherineHolt, of Paris, to Mr. N. L. Sampson,of Paris and Louisville. The weddingwill be celebrated early in April atthe home of the bride's mother.Miss Holt, who is a strikinglyhandsome brunette, has resided forseveral months in Paris, where she isstationed at stenographer in theeffice of Mr. J. A. Nickerson, Roadmaster of this divibion of the Louisville & Nashville rad. Mr. Sampsonis a member of the civil engineeringcorps of the L. & N., and is at prasent stationed at Ravenna, Ky., on theLexington & Eastern division of theLouisville & -Nashville.CALVERT BAKER.Announcement was made Sunday in the Lexington papers of thesecret marriage of two popular youngLexington people, Miss Alice Calvertand Mr. Robert Baker. The weddingtook place in 'Paris on January 26,but the young people, for sufficientreasons of their own, kept it a secretuntil Sunday, when the first publicannouncement was made. The at-tendants at the wedding were MissGrace Hastings and .Mr. Jas. Clay.The bride, who is a handsome andaccomplished young -woman, is thedaughter of Mr, James Calvert, ofNorth Broadway. Mr. Baker is a sonof Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Baker, of WestShort Btreet, in Lexington. ' 1, Mr. and Mrs. Baker have gone toJDayton, Ohio, to reside. Mr. Bakerhas secured a position - in a large,tvianiifanfiirner' Annnora iw Tl vtnrhJUIIUUIKUIUI iUg WVIU tu WJ VVU(Wednesday, March 13thJesse U. Lasky PresentsAnother Paris FavoriteVivian Martinin a Paramount Picture'MOLLY ENTANGLED'iPicturized by Edith Kennedy.Staged by Robert Thornby.At the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.STOCK, CROP, ETC.?Mr. Luther Hamilton, of Winchester, purchased of Caywood,Smith & McClintock; of this cityrfour head of extra fancy aged workmules for $275.Holcom Bros., of Franklin, Ky.,have purchased of Mr. John Marr, ofnear Millersburg, fourteen head ofcoming two-year-old mules at a fancyprice. Mr. Marr aslo sold to Ed.Prichard, of this city, a pair of fancydun-colored two-year-old mules for$525. Mr. W. B. Allen,, of Paris,bought of Mr. Marr a pair of closelymated young mules, for which hepaid $600. The animals attmntPd nk great deal of attention from stockmen wnen they were delivered to Mr.Allen.fc a mBELL'S FAMOUS HAWAIIANSBell's Famous Hawaiians, a largecompany composed of the musicalwizards of the Western Islands,which comes to the Paris GrandOpera House, Thursday, March 11.will offer what will, no doubt, proveto be the most fascinating musicalprogram that has ever been offeredin this city. The program will include such Hawaiian successes as"Waikiki Beach," "Kaddie Koo,""Akahi Ho' "A Garden in Hawaii,""Sometime You'll Remember," "Hawaiian Butterfly," and many otherwell known Hawaiian successes.Pa lsa fcaAnd now Russia wants a senateWonder how many more calamitiesthey-niay wish on themselves?CLEAN UPGREAT ROOM-MAKING SALEFinal Cut on Balance of Our High GradeMEN'S. WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SWINTER FOOTWEARTo Make Room For Spring Footwear Daily ArrivingJust a Few of theLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atLadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values at. .Ladies' Gun Metal Bootsbutton and lace, atLadies' Assorted Small Size i a 1 QCShoes $4.00 values at. . .$1.03-$i.J0Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale PricesLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cParis' Greatest Shoe StorelBUttmiflMflkJ?or fashionableCorrespondenceYour friends judge youss use.Your letter is a personal1 If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be sure to gsee oura v rfew OpnnffIt includes all the latesttexture.1 Come in and see the lineS -LL Tattractive numoers in our window snow oniy a small part1sof the extensive line we nowTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDCRY DRUG COMPANY410 WAIN STREETrfWtWiWffflftftWfiSend That Next JobBourbon News. BestFINALMany Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:$3.49$3.95$2.49$3.49$2.99Men's Tan English Shoes A0iA$5.00 values at . $0.49Men's Patent English Nettleton and fco aCother makes, $7.00 values yo.voMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, o rvsmall sizes, at $J.)UMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon j a a$5.50 values at... $4.00Men's Gun Metal Button 0 JA$3.50 values at $.4;JMen's Gun Metal iiace i aa$2.75 values at $1.99DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign, Thursday, March 14thAt the Alamo Afternoon and EveningOffcial Government Pictures, Inc.,Presents"The Retreat of the Germansat the Battle of Arras"Released through Pathe Exchange.Louis J. Selznick presents ConstanceTalmadge, in "The Honeymoon," by E.Lloyd Sheldon. Select Pictures Corp.Also Animated Weekly News.Bell's Famous Hawaaiians at theOpera House at night. Tickets now onsale.by the style of stationery youenvy. Let it be dressed ae-po. . . mOtauonericonceits in shape, tint andwhile it is complete. The-11 til.have in stock.PARIS, KENTUCKY gw mmof Printing to TheWork; Right Prices.3knwtmmtmxm.c?IvVj2