- 'jr:V'vvr"- - Mv-. .-s rJ ' v-'--' 4-f- Vvi,4$jnr5?a?rnJRtMEKfeua4kMNEWS, J & jATi X ,r-T". .-vr",-- -4'5r4.-lJ"X -i-i.,sTf".'V !PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1918. V- '---1 t 1 -c THEBOURBON"NuIS THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.. ''Dr. Ayonia E. Kiser, son of Mr. andSirs. John Kiser, of this city, whograduated some months ago from theCincinnati College of Medicine,- hasreceived a commission as First Lieutenant in the U. S. Medical Corps. Heis now stationed at Ft. Thomas.Mr. Noah G. Clark, son of the lateMr. Newton Clark, of this city, whovolunteered in the United StatesNavy, and who has been at the GreatLakes Naval Training Station forsome time, has been transferred tothe Philadelphia Navy Yard.Mr. Charles Chappell, son of Mrs.Wallace F. Chappell, of South Mainstreet, who recently enlisted in thenavy service, has been sent to theGreat Lakes Training Station, entering the Service as a second-class seaman. The Glorious Fourth was given agrand military setting and observance at Camp Zachary Taylor yesterday. The Bourbon county boys hada conspicuous part in the proceedings, taking part in the big parade,and otherwise making their presencefelt.Miss Margaretta Smith, of Richmond, a member of the nursing staffof the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, is very ill in a NewYork hospital with diphtheria. MissSmith was taken ill shortly after theUnit arrived in camp at Camp Mills,New York. Physicians are hopefulof bringing her out in a short time.Among the recent enlistments inthe navy service at the Lexington recruiting station was that of Mr. Harvey Johnson, of near Little Rock.Mr. Johnson has passed a successful-examination at Louisville, and willbe sent to the Great Lakes TrainingStation. Mr. Julian D. King, ofParis, enlisted at the same time.Mr. Grover Butler, of this city, hassecured permission from the BourbonCounty Draft Board to apply for admission to the navy. Butler had beenin Class 4 of the local draft classification, but after the death of hiswife, who was burned to death somemonths ago, he was transferred toCIas3 1.- - -Corporal Delbert Casey, of CampShelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., returnedto the camp Tuesday afternoon withArthur Carney, alleged deserter, incharge. Carney was arrested here bySheriffs McClintock and Marshall,He had been at work on a farm -nearJackstown, and the fact that he hadthrown a khaki army uniform in thecreek led to his exposure and arrest.This is said to have been his secondoffense.,Mr. Henry Tucker, of Cincinnati,formerly of Paris, was a member ofthe draft recently sent from that cityto Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe,O. Mr. Tucker, who is a son of thelate Mr. Robert Tucker, of Paris, hasbeen in the employ of the WesternUnion Telegraph Co. as an expertoperator at Cincinnati for manyyears. He is a member of Co. 9, 3dTraining Battalion, 158 th DepotBrigade at Camp Sherman.Mr. Frank Daugherty has returnedto his home in Philadelphia after avisit to his mother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr.Daugherty's firm in Philadelphia isnow engaged in war work, havingrecently been awarded a contract forthe construction of a large number otconcrete ships for the U. S. Government. Mr. Daugherty has charge ofone of the most important departments of the business on this contract Harold Shropshire has returned toCamp Zachary Taylor after a furlough visit to friends and relatives inthe county, at his old home nearJacksonville. He was here as a witness in the Harp murder case, whichwas called in the Bourbon CircuitCourt, and continued to November.Shropshire asked for preferred ser- jvice and was srfven a place in the artillery camp at West Point, Ky.,where he will train with the heavyguns.Private Earl Adams Clark, editorof the Trench and Camp, the weeklynewspaper published by the CourierJournal for the camp Y. M. C. A.,lias been transferred from the DepotBrigade to the 84th (Lincoln) Devision by the War Department order.At present he is at his home,Fountain City, Ind., on a furlough.He may edit a newspaper for the division in France. Private Clark wasa recent caller at THE NEWS office,while en route home on his furlough.A number of communications fromCamp Taylor have been received byPostmaster J. Walter Payne, advlsJag him of furloughs that have beengranted to many of the Bourboncounty draftees in the Camp. According to the military authorities at theCamp these furloughs were grantedior the numose of allowing tne men ito come home and assist in the workof harvesting and cultivating crops,and for no other purpose. Mr. Payne"as requested to keep a lookout forthese men and to report themwhenever he .finds that any -of taemGLORIOUS FOURTH PASSES OFF"QUIETLY" IN PARIS.Except for the unfurling of American flags at a few places about thecity, a general "Sunday air" of peaceand restfulness and the further factthat the calendars indicated it bythe red figure four in red letters, itwould not have been generally knownhere yesterday that the .great daywe celebrate was on. There wasnothing of a public or even privatenature to indicate that it was thecelebration of the great natal day ofthe American Republic.Business houses were nearly allclosed in the afternoon, while theclerks and proprietors and their families sought the cooling shades attheir homes, or went automobiling.Not a fire cracker or a bomb disturbed the serenity of the day. It wasbut a counterpart of many dull daysin Paris. The sun shone brightly,the birds sang merrily as on anyother bright day, b.ut as for theFourth of July, there was somethinglacking. We only knew it by itsplace on the calendar.are not really or urgently needed forwork in the fields. .'Out of a large number of applicants in various branches of the service at the Lexington recruiting station yesterday two, Leslie R. Kingand Wm. E. Gumm, both of theHutchison precinct, this county, wereaccepted for the flying corps of theMrs. J. T. Brown, of this city, received a letter Wednesday from herson, Mr. Thos. Prichard, who is amember of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, now in camp atCamp Mills, New York, that the Unitwas getting ready to go over theseas, and that he would probably beon his way to France before he wouldhave another opportunity to writeagain.Mr. Lee McGohan, editor of theEwing Inquirer, and well-knownhere, left this week for Wisconsin toenter active training for Y. M. C. A.army work. On completing the required course, Mr. McGohan will gotQ France a3 a Y. M. C. A. secretarybehind the lines. He was Representative from Fleming county in. thelast session of the Kentucky Legislature. Lieutenant Edith Smith, whosepicture appeared in the daily papersrecently as the .first woman to receivea bonafide commission in the UnitedStates army, is a Cynthiana girl,where she was born and reared. Herfather was the late Professor FrankN. Smith, a well-known educator andprofessor of Smith's classical school,of Cynthiana. Both Lieut. Smith andher father are well-known to Parispeople, she having frequently visitedfriends and relatives here.Dr. H. M. Hamilton, County Livestock Inspector of Bourbon, leftWednesday for Camp Greenleaf, atFt. Oglethorpe, Ga., where he will beassigned to service in the VeterinaryCorps of the U. S. army. On Mondaynight Dr. Hamilton was the guest ofhonor at a farewell supper given atCrosdale's Cafe by a number offriends. Judge George Battertonacted as toastmaster. Brief talkswere jmade. Dr. Hamilton was presented with a gold wrist watch, thepresentation speech being made byJudge Batterton.Robert Collins, who is a patient atthe Massie Memorial Hospital in thiscity, where he had a portion of hisleft foot amputated, following the accidental discharge of a shotgun, hassent word through his physician, tothe Bourbon County Board of Exemption, that as soon as he is discharged from that institution, he iswilling and ready to enter the service of his country. Young Collinswas on the list of Bourbon countydraftees at the time the accidentwhich sent him to the Hospital, happened. Thirty-three students of the University of Kentucky who for the pastmo-nth have been in attendance at theReserve Officers' Training Camp atFt. Sheridan, 111., are expected tol(ave in a few days for their homes,as the course offered them was com-Dieted Wednesday. Of the numbertwo are from Paris, J. Stuart Wallingford, Jr., and C. Landen Templin.No pay was given the students whilethey were in attendance at the camp,but the Government gave them theirtransportation and paid their actualaxpensesx while in attendance. Theencampment and the training theyhave received is a part of the regulartraining required of the University asa reserve officers' training school.ine uanisie mercury sayb oibright young Bourbon county enlisted man. Corporal Teddy Shannon, ofthis city:"Teddy Shannon, .formerly of thiscity and county, but who for the pastseveral months has been in the service of the United States, is now stationed at Omaha, Nebraska, being amember of a Balloon Squadron.Teddy was in Carlisle several daysthe past week and paid the Mercuryoffice force a visit. He states that hehas been up in a balloon twice risingto a heieht of 2.000 feet. He is a, ,,,,. he states, but wanted to, t tJie sensati0n of rising into theclouds Being granted a thirty days'ljjough ke is assisting his father in, farmjng- in Bourbon county and willreturil to camp toward the latter partof juiy. "" - Vuuii AJMii bUUAL SESSIONThe annual banquet and social ses-sion of the Paris Epworth League washeld at the Methodist church Wed-nesday and a large number of mem-bers and visitors were nresent to en-joy the occasion.j it- ,Misses Ina Mattox and EHzahfithWheeler, delegates to the recent an-nuai .apworth League Conferencewhich was held at Harrodsburg, gaveexcellent reports of the assembly,which proved very interesting.The Conference Missionary, MissFannie O'Brien, of Cynthiana andJenkins, Ky., was present and gavea very interesting account of thework being accomplished in ourmountain section among the miners.Miss O'Brien is conducting a Kindergarten School and had in enrollment last year 92 pupils, four nationalities being represented. This workwas made possible by the KentuckyEpworth Leagues who appropriate alarge sum each year for its benefit.Miss Sara Power, Frankfort District Secretary of the CenferenceLeague, made an excellent talk, taking for her subject, "Our Districtand Its Goal."The program, which consisted ofmany recitations and musical numbers in addition to the above addresses, was closed by a short talk bythe State President, Mr. DennisSnapp, who, by special request, hadthe beautiful Conference ServiceFlag unfurled and repeated his tribute which he paid to the soldiers atthe annual assembly.Following the program the Leaguers repaired to the large dinig roomof the church, where the banquet washeld, and pledges were received forthe year's work of the local Chapter.The complete program as was carried out follows:America Congregation.Scripture Reading: Psalm lxxiiMrs. Luther Mclntire.Prayer for Our Country Mrs. Jas.Grinnell, Jr.Violin Solo Humorske Mr. Bryan Doty.Reading: "Mending the Old Flag,"Miss Sara Power."Our Mission Work" Miss FannieO'Brien.Solo: "Joan of Arc" Mrs. JamesGrinnell, Jr."The Seniors" Miss Ina Mattox.Instrumental Solo Miss LucileChipley."The Juniors" Miss ElizabethWheeler.Recitation: "Old Glory" MissMariam Galloway."Maysville District" Miss. BettfeShaw, Carlisle.Violin Solo Miss Ruth Wheeler."The Conquered Banner" MissGladys Snapp."Our District" Miss Sara Power.Duet: "Your Flag and My Flag"Mrs. Htox.B? Carr and Miss Ina Mat-"Our Work" Mr. Dennis V. Snapp.League Benediction.NETTLETON SHOESIIIWe are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. They haveno equal when it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of'Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for every dollar spent. fLOW CUT SHOESIn Tans and Blacks, LigBt WeightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf StocksFor the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wearthe Torsic last, made only by Nettleton, Built so as toallow perfect ease and comfort when your feet are in theshoes.Buy Your Shoes From OurStore and Be Satisfied!Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe sold only by us. JTheshoe made with the soft, velvet-like cushion sole the onlyshoes for the man with tender feetMITCHELL &ROMANTIC DAYS !! Are we harkening back to thedays of old, when kniehts were holdand jousted 7n tL tourntyTfor the, love of some damsel It wolild seemthere has hpSTT itl Vlf!?1 .. --' v. vuii. w tuo iu -fr,PLtd'Ju?sinsJTom aevent that is said to have happenednear this city a few days aeoAccording to the Tenorts of theaffair, it seems that two well-knownyoung men of this city, whose namesare withheld from publication forreasons that are at once obvious,neither of whom has reached the legal age, have been for some time enamoured of a handsome young Parisgirl, the daughter of one of theprominent business menof the city.The lady fair could not make up hermind as to which of the two sheshould besow her heart and affections upon, with the result that theresoon sprung up a more intense rivalrybetween the young men, that has forsome time threatened to develop intohostilities.One morning not long ago after adiscussion of the situation, and withthe conclusion that neither oneseemed to be making much progressit was deicded between them thatthey (would settle the matter by aresort to the field of honor in a duel.They obtained an automobile, andaccompanied by friends whom theybad selected to act as seconds, and asupply of first-aid-to-the-injured material-,they sought a secluded spot inthe country. In the action that followed one of tne young men received a stab wound in the back, hisopponent escaping unhurt. The seconds interfered and declared the affair should come to a close. The injured youth was brought to Paris formedical assistance, when it was foundthat 'his wound was but a slight one.The status of the two young men inthe affections of the young womanremains as at first, with the probability that it will remain so after theaffair that brought no settlement.Hi m Hi "READ THIS, IF YOU ARE OWNEROF A DOG.iThe recent session of the Kentucky Legislature enacted into law anact relating to dogs, requiring themto be listed with the Assessor at thetime of assessing property as required by law, providing for license andtags for each and every dog to beissued by the County XJlerks of thevarious counties in Kentucky, and forany other violation of the act, a penalty of not exceeding ?I00 or Impri8QnmBn.t of not exceeding threem&tttiayfii both, t the. discretion of,the- court, is prescribed."The word, 'owner,' when appliedto the proprietorship of a dog, shallinclude every person having a rightof property in such dog, and everynprsnn who keens or harborssucn dog or has it in his care, andevery person who permits such dog toremain on or about any premises occupied by him."Are KnownFrom CoastTo CoastBLAKEMOREnm mIIIi FOR FORT THOMAS, JULY 15.i. Fm ?I tne youtl1 of tnenw t0-the SU?POrt fi ?w?wbee?iif Ven ' an(U thlSI une there. Yl " leave Paris on the af-Again the call for the youth of the.r.pmnnti nf Tnltr 1 Fi hiTrfrtitT. -rrrVitamen, well-known young men of thiscity and county. Telegraphic orderswere received Monday from the Adjutant-General'soffice at Frankfort bythe local Board of Exemption, instructing them to notify the drafteesof their call to service.The boys will report at the office ofthe Board in the court house on July15, where they will receive their finalinstructions and the same preceduregone through with that have takenplace with other contingents sentfrom this county. They will entrainat the Louisville & Nashville passenger station at 2:20 in the afternoonof that day, and will leave in aspecial car for Ft. Thomas, wherethey will be taken into the serviceof the United States. -From the fact that there are nowonly sixteen selects remaining in thiscounty in Class 1, the BourbonCounty Board was compelled to reclassify from other classes in orderto make up the required number ofselects called for. Under this reclassification Bourbon county youngmen who have married since May 18,1917, are largely affected.Acting under official orders fromthe War Department the Board hasreclassified fifty-six young men, whohad previously been placed in Classesi Three and Four. Under this reel assification twenty-nine selectswere taken out of Class Three andplaced in Class One; nineteen fromClass Four were placed in Class One;,seven were taken out or Class Fourand placed in Class Two and one wastaken from Class Four and assignedto Class Three.The following 'is a list of those whohave been reclassified:From CJass Four To Class One:Albert H. Ginter.Chas. Grover Butler.Floyd Wakeley.Walter Rice Clinkenbeard.Elmer C. McCord.William James Howard. - ""Buford Curtis.Homer Anstt Garrison.Alfred M. Pence.R. J. Shea. slClennie Dunnigan.Emery Kimball.Edward Ford Spears. ' ..Chas. F. Lucas.Edgar Lee Shanks. Jt'Claude Wagoner.Arthur Zoraes.L Ollie Breeze.Charles Bartels.From Class Three To Class One:Leo Hutson.Nathan Fite.James Thompson Kenton.Carl Herrington.Homer Leland Kenney.U. D. McGolderick.Homer Bedford Taylor.Miller W. Kiser.Avery Hoard Perkins.John Angus Blythe.George Glenn.Charlie Knox.Clinton Gross.John R. Hertig.Jno. T. Minogue.Elmer W. Thacker.Wm. Burns Young.Robert Mc. Rice.Jas. W. Hamilton.Emmett Robbins Crump.C. V. Orr.David Elam. . .Clyde Wilson.Clarence T. Mingua. 'Chas. Augustus Berry.Wm. T. Sadler.Jas. I. Farrow.Harvey C. Feeback.Litton Lawrence.From Class Four To Class Two:John Q. Livengood.Elbridge Lee Snapp.Edgar Turnbull.Harry Henry.Jacob Margolen.Roy Joseph Batterton.Raymond Floyd Fryman.From Class Four To Class Three.Ernest Earl Murphy.All Class One registrants will report to the Bourbon County DraftBoard on Monday July 8, for examination.DIVISION BOARD MEETINGS TOBE HELD TO-MORROWMeetings of Division Boards Nos.3. 4 and 6, will be held at the officeof County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood, in the court houseto-morrow morning. These boardsfailed to elect teachers in the meeting held in Jun The differentboards will meet as follows:Division No. 3 W. H. Purdy, J.Arch Bailey, W. L. Cantrill, AshbyLeer and Sam Ardery, at 10:00a. m.Division No. 4 John Sauer, Reynolds Letton, Tilford Hinkle andSam Clay at 10:30 a. m.Division No. 6 J. F. Ingels, Geo.Link, Chas. White, Wlnstead Spearsand Robert Stipp, at 11:00 a. m.RETURNS FROM OIL FIELDSMr. Wyatt Thompson, of Paris,returned Wednesday from a businesstrip to the oil fields in Lee county,where he inspected the properties ofthe Columbia Oil Company, of Louisville, which has large lease holdingsin that county.The company now has two wells al- ;; QlT " ViJ'0 , f yert completed. One of them at theSfSS ? SS8 !?? ?mostime Mr. Thompson left, was downover nine hundred leet, goingthrough the oil-bearing sands, whichgave rich indications of a promisingyield. Mr.- Thompson brought withhim a quantity of the sands which heis showing to his friends.BANK STATEMENTSIn the last issue of THE NEWS'appeared the statement of the Peoples Deposit Bank Co., which showethat Institution to be in a thn-rfcondition. In this issue appears the (statement of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., which alsopresents a solid front.All the banks in the county received a notice Monday from the StatBanking Commissioner to prepareand have published a statement oftheir financial condition as of June29th.The banks of the county are all im.good condition, and with the prospects for large crops this summer aoi "'fall there will be an inflow of moner -thatwill tax their capacity to carry.The banks have become cusfodiaaafor many custqmers who are payingon Liberty Loan bonds, and in. thisway are helping the financial interests of the city, county and State.Under the guidance of men experienced in the intricacies of finances, men of the strictest Integrity,the financial institutions of Bourbocounty are on a sound business basis,and np wave of trouble rolls acrossthe peaceful breast of the depositor,the stockholder, the director or theofficials as they lie wrapped in. slumber night after night. No nightmaresdisturb them, for with these men atthe helm, security is a certainty.E0URB0N COUNTY "PARENTS"ADOPT FRENCH WAR. ORPHANSTHE NEWS in Tuesday's issue,published a complete list of Paris andBourbon county people who had eachagreed to adopt a French orphan.Since them a number of additionalnames have been added to the list.In the published list of Tuesday thename of "Mrs. William Myall" shouldhave been "Mrs. Win. P. Wornall "The additional list follows:Mrs. Rebecca Freeman SimsRobert C. Talbott.Mrs. O. L. Davis.Woodford Spears. "W. H. McMillan. - "'Henry S. Caywood.Wm. M. Taylor. ,'Stanhope Wiedemann.Mrs. A. R. Blount (3).Mrs. E. F. Clay.Miss Margaret Ferguson.Hugh Ferguson.? i mEVERYBODY HAD GOOD TIME. :.mere was run and amueent, besides the refreshments, crane lawaat the home of Mrs. Russell-Man,Wednesday night, when th moof the Hamilton Guards gave a lawnfete, the proceeds of which are to gotoward the support of one of theFrench war orphans. Ice cream,cakes and other refreshments wereserved. The large lawn presented abeautiful appearance in its Orientaldecorations. On the lawn tables hadbeen set, at which the guests of theevening gathered and partook of thepleasures of the entertainment. Anorchestra provided music for the occasion. The entertainment netted -asun somewhat in excess of the required $36,50.BREADMAZING DEMONSTRATIONS.Mrs. Martha M. Golsan, CountyHome Demonstration Agent, will giYe ,a demonstration in bread makingwithout wheat flour, at the school -housein Shawhan, at 2:30 o'clockthis (Friday) afternoon.No. 3 and 2 tin cans for use im 'canning may be had by securing an"order from Mrs. Golsan at the reei-dence of Mrs. R. M. Harris, 405-Pleasant street. -"FARMERS. INVESTIGATE NEWTOBACCO HAIL INSURANCE -.LIMITS AND RATESWe are authorized to make the following rates and limits for tobaccohail insurance, policies taking effectJuly 10:it Rates? 75 an acre . . .-. $5.25100,00 an acre g.oo125.00 an acre 675150.00 an atre 750 'We believe these conditions maketobacco hail insurance a much betterproposition.See us before insuring, and let visexplain it to you.YERKES & PEED.At Farmers' and Traders' Bank, BothPhones No. No. 45.(28-3t)COUNTY ROAD ENGINEERS MEETIN FRANKFORT JULY 8.There will be a meeting held imFrankfort on Monday, July 8, of theCounty Road Engineers of the State;with the State Department of Rosis!The matter which will receive themost attention will be how best toexecute patck work upon roads. Thedifferent methods will be discussedand that found by experience to bethe most feasible will be recommended for general use. Owing to the increased cost of labor and machiaerVengineers have found it difficult toget results of value without unitedeffort. In addition to this one reximgThe Franklin Countv Ensrlner iWthe State Roads Department wilrkaTemacninery at work upon the Lawrenceburg pike for the purpose 'demonstrating the various methodnow in use or others which may hesuggested.' tyiVi"?-VVUkJfFRIDAY, JULY 5, 11.AG1 TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.mi BOURBON NEWSEfttfelisbed 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year..?2.00 6 Montns. ..$1.00Payable In Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,Any erroneous reflection upon thefcaracter, standing or reputation of-ay person, firm or corporation which.may appear in the columns of THEBOUiBQN :NEWS will ho gladly corroteOl brought to attention of thelltay 'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per4&ck Hot first time; 50 cents per inch"ach'suhsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line'mtik' Issue; reading notices in black'jjype, 20 cents per line, each issue.CarW'of thanks, calls on candi4&te? (oWtuaries and resolutions, and-similar 'matter, 10 cents per line.Spatial urates for large advertisevaient$anI yearly contracts.ThaT.-rtght of publisher Is reserved.& datsilne'feny advertisement or otherattafaif on! publication.Anaoimteements for political officesemwtt invariably be accompanied by$b -cash.-f - - This -paper has enlistedth$ieovcrnment in thecaTJSofimerica for theperiod of thewarEDITORIAL MUSINGS..."What's a Chauffeur, Anyway?"Under the work or fight rule ac"hauffeur in private employment who-. does anything in addition to his mechanical duties is regarded as beingengaged in non-productive employment and must find productive employment or go into the army.So if a chauffeur were to be a"handy man, attending to a war garden in addition to driving a car, hewxuld be a non-producer? Thatsounds a little like laying down theTule that two and two make one.Possibly the -Government construes""chauffeur'fc.ap meaning a mechanic,2rat many so-called chauffeurs aredrivers merely. Others who are mechanics and drivers would be moreproductively employed if they had-additional duties, assuming that theirtime, -is -not used entirely by their- employers in the capacity of chauf" feursj xrrovided their outside duties. wertf-productive of food or someother commodity.The ruling as to chauffeurs is in-' scrutable. Tt will have one result.The chauffeur who has been engagedin additional duties will decline to be. anything but a chauffeur, if he is ofmilitary age, and employers mustchoose between the expense of achauffeur not employed in any othercapacity and the inconvenience of-driving their own cars and awaiting- 4ire service if they cannot personally"mend punctures. The chauffeur un-IeT the ruling will become a luxurypure and simple, and as his timeTarely is consumed by his mechanical'duties he is invited by the rule to becomer a very h'ighly employed employe"at a time when others are askscL toi. .hustle as hard as they can.P Putting On The Screws."All the traffic will bear" is a good""rule in fixing freight rates. It Is a' jjood rule also in making salary demands. E. N. Kellogg, Chairman of thei Special Standing Committee of theAmerican Newspaper Publishers' Association, states that the effort toforce publishers to increase the newspaper employes' wages so the employes will escape entirely the increased cost of living can only end indisaster to newspapers and the lossof employment.Newspapers, as Mr. Kellog explains,Tiave stood a largely increased expense and have not enjoyed a pro-portionally increased income. This istrue of some other kinds of businessand it is out of question where it is.true for employers to take care, inthe way of increased wages, of allof the increased cost of living suffered by employes."Why, by the way, should anyonedemaiid that his share of the burden of i, the increased cost of livinghtmld)be shifted entirely to others?An Inspiring Project.The. proposal that American air--planes cross the Atlantic under their-own power and strike Germany is in. spiring, but even if it were grantedthat such a project could be carriedout the exposure of our airplanes to"the risks of weather and to other-risks during a voyage of fr,500 milesto the Azores and a shorter but moredangerous flight between the Azoresand the Continent hardly would be"warrantable. It is far more practicalto ship the 'planes in steamers andtart them after the Germans fromuropean soil. The Germans arezaKlRciently impressed with the'effec-Hvatipsc: nf AmAHrATi Tnar.lii'neB-lliearing a picturefUnclvSjn's hatpinme Tins- o spuui:uii. jjexwAiuance such as crossing the Atlanticunder power is necessary to "causeGermany to realize the fact that theAmerican machines will not prove"taubes," but will be eagles withvery long and sharp talons."Have You Ordered?"Provost Marshal General Crowderannounces that persons who servefood at public eating places or at private tables are to be regarded, during the war, as non-producers.In other words, anyone can fetchan egg, but only a cook can fry it.Cooking produces food, from raw material. The waiter is a mere conveyor. Anyone who has two legs cango after his food. Even a one-leggedman can get his food, but cooking isa productive art.We agree with the Provost Marshal General. At a cafeteria we cancarry to a table anything we are inclined to eat, but how to cook thechop or the cake or to compound thecharlotte ruse is a matter of as muchmystery as the table manners of theAzoic age.Join Good Cheer Club.A cheerful countenance is a dutywe owe to our neighbors and howmuch more is it necessary in thehome! Our friends can get out ofour way' if we are not good companions, but our family cannot. They arehelpless victims, shut up in the samehouse with us. For the sake of thechildren, for the sake of the elders,for the sake of all humanity, let uscultivate a pleasant smile, a heartylaugh and a habit of cheerfulness."Grapevine" War Stories.The lies the Germans are teljingtheir people about New York andother cities in this country havingbeen captured are remindful of thegrapevine telegrams which used to bevery numerous during the wars ofthe past. At country stores andblacksmith shops they were receivedwith surprising regularity. Duringthe Spanish-American War an old fellow showed up at one of these centersof informaiton and was greeted withthe usual inquiry: "What's thenews?" He replied, "They do saythat the Americans have done tuckPea West and are now bombardingSusanna."fe Pa EaNAVAL KESERVE COURSE ATKENTUCKY UNIVERSITYA naval reserve course for undergraduate students will be institutedat the University of Kentucky at theopening of the session in September,Capt. H. N. Royden, commandant ofthe battalion, states.Instructions have been receivedstating that it is probable that a callfor 100 boys from Kentucky to takethe course in naval training will beissued soon and preparations are being made for giving the course.Requirements for admission to thecourse are that the -applicants bephysically fit, 18 years old and graduates of high schools.Graduates of the college of mechanical and electrical engineeringhave been given training which fitsthem to pass examination for admittance to the navy as ensigns, andso far the college has never had afailure.The course in naval training willbe the same as that now given thestudents of the college of mechanical and electrical engineering, except that those enrolled in the courseof summer training.Capt. Royden said the coursewould be three years, and that theonly vacation the students receivewill be a short Christmas holidaya-nd the summer training course atthe Great Lakes naval training station, near Chicago.fe PaPACKAGES FOR SOLDIERS MUSTBE PROPERLY ADDRESSEDFreight offices of the different railways throughout the State have received copies of suggestions from theGeneral Engineer Depot at Washington, regarding the preparation ofequipment and other articles forsoldiers of America in France.These suggestions refer mostly to theshipment of weighty articles andmachinery, but the General Agentsof the roads think the following mayinterest people on this side of the Atlantic who are shipping articles tofriends and relatives in France:"All merchandise must be protected by substantial boxing andmust be securely packed therein.Export shipping conditions involvemuch rougher handling than is, usually understood."Use corner posts in all packagesnot boxed."In marking packages use blackwaterproof marking or stencil paint."On each package there should appear a synopsis of the contents ofsame, cubic contents, gross weightand by whom shipped."Merchandise must be described inspecified terms. Such designations as'Provisions,' 'Groceries,' 'CannedGoods,' etc., must not be used."wi Hi bGERMAN OPHCERS IN DEADLYPEAR OP AMERICANSGerman prisoners are virtuallyunanimous in confirming the fear leftof the Americans by the Germanhigh command. According to thedeclarations of officers this is theprincipal reason to seek at all cost toimpose peace on the Allies beforenext winter. The prisoners make nosecret of their astonishment at thespirit and versatility of the Americansoldiers. .Hi Hi HiIf BryaL can't wait for Uncle Samto get on the water wagon until hegets off the gun carriage, then let'Bryan drive on into the. desert andpray for fain. ,j o y jt MILLERSBUR(f'Mr. M. M. Jones is quite ill.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer visited friends at Mt. Olivet, Sunday.Miss Martha Tom Bowles is visiting relatives in Cincinnati and Cynthiana. Miss Ruth McClintock is a guestof friends in Maysville, and attendingthe Chautauqua there.Mrs. Martha Vimont returnedMonday after a week's visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munsing, atMaysville.Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Jones spentthe week-end with their brother andsister, Dr. and Mrs. Chas. Jones, atPaint Lick.Miss Mary H. Taylor was theguest of her sister, Mrs. K. B.Hutchings, at Lexington, from Monday to Thursday.Mrs. Chas. Insko and littledaughter left Wednesday for a fewdays' visit with her mother, Mrs. J.C. Maxey, of Paris.Mrs. A. S. Best and daughter, little Miss Sarah Miller Best, left Sunday for a week's visit to her mother,Mrs. Nannie Hunter, at Washington,Ky.Mrs. Kenton Maffett and littledaughter have returned to theirhome at Peoria, 111., after a severalweeks' visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. James Howard.Mr. K. K. v aught, or maianapolis, Ind., will join his wife Mondayat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. T. D. Judy, to remain until after the Millersburg Chautauqua.Mr. Bert McClintock and sisters,Misses Anna J. and Ruth McClintock,and Mrs. Turner Perry, the latter ofOwingsville, attended the funeral ofLieut. Alexander McClintock, at Lexington, Tuesday.Mesdames K. R. and A. M.Vauffht. of Indianapolis, Ind., wereguests Monday and Tuesday of theiraunt, Mrs. Thos. Pickrell, at Carlisle.Their mother, Mrs. T. D. Judy, wasalso a guest on Tuesday, they returning with her.Rev. J. D. Redd returned Monday from Lake Junaluska, NorthCarolina, where he had been as a delegate in attendance upon the sessionsof the World's Program Conference.Rev. Redd delivered an address yesterday at the Old Settlers' picnic heldon the Ruddles Camp Ground, inLewis county.Miss Nannie Louise Best, after ashort visit to her brother, Dr. I. D.Best, in Cynthiana, and to friendsin Huntington, W. Va., has gone toWashington, D. C, where she willhave a position in the Treasury Department during the surmer months.She will return to her music classesin a girls' college in Arkansas nextfall.The Millersburg annual Chautauqua will open Friday afternoon,July 12. An enthusiastic meeting ofthe promotors was held Mondayevening. The following officers andchairmen of the various committeeswere elected: President, W. D. McIntyre; vice-president, R. M. Caldwell; secretary, W. A. Butler; treasurer, S. M. Allen; Chairman of Committee on Advertising, J. C. Leer; ofCommittee on Sale of Tickets, E. M.Thomason; Committee on Ground andArrangements, Dr. F. A. Herbert; onEntertainment and Recreation, Dr.H. M. Boxley; on Publication, R. M.Caldwell. The program for the coming Chautauqua is a strong one.Lieut. Hobson, of the Merrimacfame, will be with us on the eveningof the third day. The programpromises us some of the best oratorsof the country. Most of the lectureswill be patriotic in character. Themusical program is equally strong.Let everybody get a program andread it. Season tickets, $2.00 foradults, $1.00 for children. Let everybody attend. We must go over thetop in this, as we have in everythingwe have undertaken. Remember President Wilson and our government encourages Chautauquas, and urges every patriotic person to attend them.Don't forget the dates July 12 to16 inclusive. Twelve big entertainments for two dollars. (5-5t)Lieut. Richard Huffman, ofCamp Sill, Okla., and Miss LouiseSmedley Myall, of this city, werequietly united in marriage at thePhoenix Hotel, Lexington, Mondaymorning. Lieut. Huffman is the sonof the late Dr. W. V. Huffman, whowas a prominent physician here during his life. His mother, Mrs. MaryL. Huffman, with whom he has resided for several years, still survives.He is a brilliant young man, full ofpromise, a graduate of the M. M. I.,also of Transylvania, at Lexington.When the United States declared warhe was one of the first to volunteer,and was temporarily rejected on account of ill health. However, he waspersistent in his efforts and was lateraccepted. Some months ago he entered the service at Camp Rockford, 111.,where was soon given the position aslecturer in French. Later he wasremoved to Camp Sill, Oka., where forsome time he has been a lecturer inthe aviation department.Miss Myall is a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Edward Myall, ofParis. Since their death she has resided with her aunt, Mrs. O. M.Johnson. She is one of our mostbrilliant and talented young ladies, agraduate of the M. C. and cultured inmusic. For a time she occupied achair in the Millersburg GradedSchool, and last year was connectedwith the North Middletown school.Mr. and Mrs. Huffman belong to twoof the most prominent .families inCentral Kentucky, and have a largecircle of friends and relatives in thisand other States who congratulatethem. Immediately after their marriage they left for Camp Sill, Okla.Lieut. Huffman expects to be calledto France in the near future.One other curious effect of patriotism is the fact that no poem is toobad to get by provided It is stronglypro-Alley a-nd takes a crack at theKaiser.More men would treat their wivesbetter if such treatment wasn't certain to arouse the suspicion of theirwives. ' ."Thefeo'f Prohibitionrst8ar4ialb;naying.,ineir tipuDies tnese'aay. The)forty-eight-percent alcohol patent,medicines "have gone up in pricedBooze,, costsc money these days, evenwhen it wears a disguise.Dissolution Notice!The firm of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually dissolved.Mr. Dickerson retires from the firm.Mr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the firm.B. R. DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)Delivery Truck ForSale.Vim Delivery Truck for sale. Lastof our stock. Will be sold at greatreduction. Call on or addressFRANKLIN MOTOR CO.,(28-3t) Lexington, Ky.For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.For Rent,Modern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. P. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)The Regent GarlandThreeH i,FBfi5HHS8lnwM goalH i -IIB'IH 'T0 GASHHI , ' ! H TweicvtKSHHyBr ft (ftBttS itQM dr Hl!or MSUMMER SALEOF ALL SUMMER GOODS!Oil and Gas Cook Stoves, Porch FurnitureNew Iceberg Refrigerators Save IceA few left, which we are offering at a big saving to you,and means so much to the health of your home. Let usshow you.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts. CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opposite Court Hous-. jI The J. T.I hi i ii 1 1 Mt i ill i iri r li i 1 1UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsT" -HflTIS- Cl&Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.j flaflajjajBaHttmn i 1 1 1 1 1 iin 1 1 n...fr.M '! i"''M' HttmHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps ITelephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you.Paris Home Telephone I Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH tDistrict Manager.-Fuel RangeWe have just received our shipment of Combination Coal and GasRanges and have put them on display, so prepare yourself for the colddays when the gras gets low.For Coal, Gasor WoodNo other Range like it you pull thelever; it does the restm i n m n i mHinton Co. IT7- Day phone 3KV NIht : . .56--.' or Home 286w. h. cAinsroN,Lcl Manager.s'-FRIDAY,-JULY , -1918.TH1 BfTJHH lMMkVJUmcKXi'"T1,MS HUB-S-"W&(HOW THIS ,NERVOUS WOMANGOrWELLTold by Herself. Her Sincerity Should Convince Others.Christopher, 111. "For four yean Isuffered from irregularities, weakness,nervousness, a n dwas m a run downcondition. Two-ofour best doctorsfailed to do me anygood. I heard somuch about whatLydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Comix)und had done forI others, I tried itand was cured. Iam no longer nervous, am regular,and in excellent"lealth. I believe the Compound willcure any female trouble." Mrs. ALICEHft.t.er, Christopher, 111.Nervousness is often a symptom ofweakness or some functional derangement, which may be overcome by thisfamous root and herb remedy, LydiaE. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound, asthousands of women have found byexperience.If complications exist, write Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass., forsuggestions in regard to your ailment.The result of its long experience isat your service.BUSINESS MEN HARVEST POTATOES IN TEXAS.The potato crop of Houston andWharton counties, Texas, has beensaved through the aid of the businessmen in local towns. When it wasrealized that the potato crop wouldbe lost unless the farmers receivedhelp, the State Extension Director,co-operating with the farm-helpspecialist of the Department of Agriculture, explained the situation tothe business men, who closed theiroffices and stores, went to the farmsand worked with the potato growersin harvesting their crop. Such cooperation is meaning much, not onlyfor the increasing of the food supplyof the Nation, but is breaking downthe barrier that in many cases hasexisted between town and country,according to the U. S. Department ofAgriculture. Business men andfarmers are working hand in hand tosecure an adequate food supply andto further the Nation's great cause.Other communities are planning tofollow the example in these Texascounties.m j-jREPORTS ON MANUFACTUREDDAIRY PRODUCTS.Monthly reports on dairy productsmanufactured in. the United Statesare being issued by the Dairy Marketing project of the Bureau of Markets, which include condensed, evaporated, and powdered piilk, butter,cheese, other manufactured dairyproducts and oleomargarine. Thesereports, taken together with the reports of cold-storage holdings and exports, are of much service in makingan analysis of the dairy products situation in the United States, such asis essential to an understanding ofexisting conditions and to the direction of efforts in production and censervation. fe Ea feAccording to the Hun method oflooking at things, Emperor Karl hasgone a long way toward adjusting theAustrian food shortage by decimatinghis army in Italy.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetableFishand Meatare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MflRGOIiN'SMarketi.im: ,-4Ji-th.4iCINCINNATI, O., July 4. WilJiam Hohenzollern, Berlin, Germany,Saturday at high noon, parted company with the only financial interesthe is supposed to hold in the Cincinnati district, when mere Americanssold at auction the lumber plant ofTheodore Prancke, St. Bernard andHamburg, Germany, to the Wood Mosaic Comapny, Albany, Ind., andLouisville, Ky., the property bringing $30,100.Another choice piece of news inCincinnati in Saturday's developmentwas the fact that the same plant,which the money .of the Kaiser iscredited with having established inthe Cincinnati market, will be usedto manufacture gun-stocks and thewooden parts of areoplanes for useagainst German soldiers and sailors.Because of the condition of thelease and the equipment of the plantthe equity of the firm, which has beenin the custody of Mr. 0. Edwards,for the f Government, through A.Palmer Mitchell, under the enemyalien act, was ' valued at $10,200.This wasithe report of the appraisers.When, Mr. "Ossian Edwards, ofParis, representing the Washingtonoffice with Andrew W. Bennett, ofthe general business department ofthe. Alien Property Custodian, Washington, mounted the block on thepremises in Cincinnati, Saturday, andasked for bids, the first offer was aslow as $5,000. Bids were made bythe Cincinnati Wire Bound Box Company, the Cherry Lumber Company,Cincinnati; G. A. Roy, Lexington,Ky., Ed. R. Dunlap, St. Louis; theKosse, Schoe & Schleyer Company,Cincinnati and Baltimore, makingan offer of $30,000. Merritt Rogers,acting for the Wood Moasic Companyboosted this figure $100 and walkedaway with the property.Albert Heidt and Alex Schmidt, attorneys and aliens, who have been representing Theodore Francke, werewitnesses to Saturday's disposition ofthe plant. The (iovernment will keepa complete record of the sale so thatthe parties at interest will haveknowledge of the treatment accordedtheir holdings.More than 1,000,000 feet of hardwood lumber is stored in the yardsof the Hamburg firm, but this did notform a part of Saturday's assets.MRS. BURNS' LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should 'know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and DJarnhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me of,flux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same complaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.(adv-july)HAIL TO "OUR BOYS."All hail and honor to the six ladsfrom Kentucky who were cited forgallantry at Catitigny, Prance.To be cited for- gallantry by thegallant French is distinguished honorindeed! But it is not more than is tobe expected! , Wherever the sons ofKentucky go and 'whatever may betheir opportunity for service, theyare backed by traditions such as willbear up their arms and cause themto reflect more glory upon their native State.When six Kentuckians are citedfor supreme gallantry, we may besure that hundreds of other Kentuckians are with them shoulder to shoulder, and that those who gain citationare not alone in their glory. Opportunity, and perhaps a bit of advantage of temperament or initiative, areresponsible for the medals, but theaverage Kentuckian at his post ofduty will give such an account ofhimself as to make his more fortunate comrade perform deeds of realvalor in order to lift himself abovethe level of his comrades' valor. Andthe Bourbon county boys will soonbe heard from"7 too!m 101TRACTION COMPANY INCREASESWAGES0F EMPLOYES.The Kentucky Traction and Terminal Company, which owns a-nd operates the'interurban electric system,of which the line to Paris is a part,has announced that effective yesterday, all the motormen and conductorsemployed by, the company would receive an increase in wages of fourcents an hour. The new wage scalewill affect moreT;han one hundredemnloves of the traction line, and thestreet car system in the city of Lexington. Men employed on the city cars willreceive twenty-four to twenty-eightcents an hour, and the men on thetraction lines twenty-six to fortycents an hour, according 'to length ofservice. The increase is entirely voluntary on the part of the Company,and will have no bearing on thesigning of a new contract by the menat the expiration of the present one.LAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed' is absolute rest .and a fewJapplications I guU(UiucijamB Juiiiii-m'ent. Try it.(adv-july)We have great 'confidence in Gen.Pershing:, but we protest against his.taking 4he ,time and trouble to deny.tnevrumorsnajiiermanjiarsjare circulating 'about his military policies.PBIS HA WEGOTIATEST)ISPOS.AI OF 'AIIEN PR6PERTY1,Mr. Samuel Layton continuesquite ill at his home on South Mainstreet.Mr. Thos. Sadler and son, Thos.are visiting relatives in Madisonviller Ohio.Miss Gertrude Welsh has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Shelbyville.Miss Majorie Trisler has returned from a visit to her father, Mr.Prank Trisler, at Danville.Richmond Register: "Miss MaryRoss, of Paris, is the very attractiveguest of Mrs. Neale Bennett."Miss Elizabeth Kenney leftTuesday for a visit to Rev. and Mrs.O. R. Mangum, at Henderson.Mr. William Shire, of the firmof Shire & Fithian, was a businessvisitor in Cincinnati, Tuesday.Mrs. John Kiser has returnedfrom Cincinnati, where she has beena guest of her son, Dr. Avonia Kiser.Miss Mary Frances Burns, ofSouth Main street, is a guest of Mr.and Mrs. Edward Brannon, in Lexington. Miss Elise Heller has gone toNew York City, where she will takeup war activities work in the Y.W. C. A.Mrs. Isaac Wilmott and familywill leave on July 15 for Roswell,New Mexico, where they will remainfor several months.Misses Anna and KatherineWilson have as guest at their homeon Mt. Airy avenue, -Miss MatildaMoore, of Shelbyville.Mrs. E. C. Slack, guest of Mr.and Mrs. Ollie Hedges, at their homenear this city, has returned to herhome in Mason county.Mrs. R. Cavanaugh, of Newport,os a guest of her daughter, Mrs. J.L. Cohorn, and her son, Mr. N. B.Cavanaugh, on vine street.Mrs. Buckner Woodford and twochildren are visiting her mother,Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, and Mr.Ulie J. Howard, in Covington.Mr. James Bradley, of the firmof Bradley & Brannon, who was injured some time ago by the burstingof an emery wheel, is able to be outagain.Mrs. Ii. H. Thomas, who has beena guest of her daughter, Mrs. BooneBaldwin, for several weeks, has returned to her home in Huntington,W, Va.Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Snapp, ofFerguson street, have as guest theirdaughter, Mrs..H. A. James, of Cincinnati, .formerly Miss Mabel Snapp,of this city.Mrs. Bernard Santen has takena position in the clerical force inthe office of Mr. J. C. Nickerson,Roadmaster of the Louisville &Nashville, at this point.Mrs. L. D. Overmire and sister,Miss Nell Etter, have arrived fromYorktown, Ind., for a visit to Mrs. H.M. Hamilton and Mr. Vernon Overmire, on Mt. Airy avenue.During the illness of Miss, VellaMastin, who was injured in anautomobile accident recently, her placewith the firm of E. F. Spears & Sonis being filled by Miss Fannie Heller.Miss Nannie Gay, of near Paris,attended the party given in Lexington last week by Mrs. Wm. D. Watts,in honor of her granddaughter, MissEleanor Chenault Smith, of Louisville. Mr. Keith Phillips, who has beena guest several days of his wife atthe home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Douglas, on Main street, hasreturned to his home in Memphis,Tenn.Mrs. Wm. J. Ross and childrenhave returned to their home in Chattanooga, Tenn., after a visit to Mrs.Ross' sister, Mrs. Redmon Talbott,and Mr. Talbott, and family, nearParis.Miss Beatrice' Johnson, guest ofMiss Betsy Ray, has returned to herhome in Ontario, Canada. She wasaccompanied by Miss Ray, who willremain her guest for the rest of thesummer.Mr. and Mrs. f David Feld,Miss Ruth Feld and SolomonFeld, attended the receptiongiven to Mrs. Nathan Feld, of NewYork, in Winchester,-by Mr. and Mrs.Morris Feld.Mrs. George W. Stuart and Mrs.John M. Stuart have gone to CampHancock, near Augusta, Georgia, fora visit to Corporal John M. Stuart,who is in the service of Uncle Samat that place.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mrs. W. E. Pinnell and family werein Paris to attend the funeral of Mr.Charles Turner Fithian Arkle,of Paris, has been a guest at the Pinnell ho,me, this week."Miss Mary Louise Letton. enroute to Atlanta, Georgia, for a visitto her aunt, was accompanied as faras Cincinnati by Miss Ruby JaneHouston, who will be a guest thereof friends and relatives.Miss Gertrude Slicer has returned from Water town, New York,where she has been teaching duringthe school term, to spend the vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. L. Sheer, on South Main street.During the temporary absence ofSecretary Z. L. Wilcox and AssistantSecretary Thos. K. Smith, of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., who areat the Y. M. C. A. camp, Camp Daniel Boone, on the Kentucky river, hisposition will be filled by Mr. FrankM. Tinder, Jr.The Stanford Interior-Journalsays: "Mr. and Mrs. Robert Anderson order their I. J. chanced fromParis .to Covington, to which place.mey nave moved Miss SusanFisher Woods entertained with apicture show party in honor of herguests, Miss Margaret Allen andMessrs. J. 'Allen and Julian Adair, ofAlillersburg, ,and Mr. Bryan McMurktry, of Cynthiana. The other guestswere Misses "Margaret Shafiks ah(Tguests, Miss Alshaler, of Louisville,and Frank TTomlinson, of Pine Bluff,la., Misses "Mary Bailey and RachelHill and Mr. Hartwell Shanks. After the show refreshments-at thePrincess, w,er,e xery smuch jenioyed."turner, personals on Page 5.)SOCIAL AJSBPONAL.Comlngi amdr Goings ' of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FA3CCEJES KUSf KBP0BT SUPPLYWHEAT ELOTOrON HAND.Pledges not to use more than sixpounds of wheat products in thirtydays for each person, including flour,crackers, victory bread, macaroni andother foods of a similar nature untilthe next harvest conies in August arebeing distributed among householders in Kentucky by Fred M. Sackett,Federal Food Commissioner for Kentucky. Every loyal Kentuckian is asked tosign this pledge to meet the call tosave wheat flour for our soldiers andallies. Each signer of a pledge agreesto hold at his home all wheat flouron hand over a thirty days' supplyfor his family on the ration of sixpounds per month per person and todispose of such surplus as the UnitedStates Food Administration may direct in the interest of national safety.In this event, each householder is tobe paid by the Government the actual cost of the flour.The Food Administrator explainsthat many patriotic persons, following practices formerly considered legitimate and usual, have laid inlarger quantities of flour than in thistime of national emergency is considered reasonable and right. However, anyone in Kentucky who makesand .files with the County Food Administrator the wheat pledge andholds his surplus flour for the Government, agreeing to turn it over ifit is needed, will be prosecuted by theGovernment for hoarding flour."The Food Administrator will notcall your flour unless it is necessary,"Mr. Sackett's bulletin to householders says, "and when it does call willleave you thirty days' supply, butit must have your promise to turnit over as a measure of NationalSafety."In some Kentucky counties, owing to shortage of supply, it has already been found necessary to directthat excess holdings be market id, butit is only in cases of emergency thatsuch action is contemplated."a is laRED CROSS ASKED P0R MORESOLDIER EQUIPMENTThe Bourbon County Chapter ofthe Red Cross has been asked to furnish four thousand pairs of knittedsocks, five hundred sweaters and twohundreJ helmets By September 1, asits quota of the work asked from theState of Kentucky by the Red Crossheadquarters. It is safe to say theywill be furnished, as Bourbon countyhas acquired a habit of doing any"-,!thing it undertakes in the way ofwar work.Yarn for the purpose of knittingthe above articles may be obtainedfrom Miss Owens, at the corner ofMain and Twelfth streets, by ladiesdesiring: to begin the work at once.The Red Cross Society recently organized at Little .Rock, in this county, is already doing good work. Ithas already completed a number ofgarments and several members areknitting socks.ffH 5 J"P " 'BETTER BALANCED FARMING- INSOUTH.Here is good news from the agricultural front in Southern Alabama.Four years ago not a carload of hogswas shipped from 17 counties in thatsection of the State. In the yearending April 1, 1918, 2,352 carloadsof hogs were shipped from these 17counties. This change, ilustratingthe better balanced agriculture mattenecessary by boll-weevil ravages, isaccredited by officials of the State,Relations Service to the effects of thecounty agents of the Department andthe State agricultural colleges indemonstrating hog production tofarmers and showing them how toship hogs co-operatively.J lea ,sDEM0NSTRATI0&ITCHENS ARESPRINGING UP.Home-demonstration work in newlyorganized counties Is developing rapidly in all sections of the South. Although an agent has been establishedonly six months in San Lucie county,Florida, seven public demonstrationkitchens have been built and equipped and nineteen steam-pressure canners have been purchased in thecounty. More than 500 woman andgirls already .have enrolled Xn countyclub work and many times that number are being reached in generaldemonstrations.m 3FOOD CONSERVATION IN EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.Cooks, waitresses and housekeepser'are receiving instruction in foodconservation in many of the employment offices in Boston, Mass. Thisunique scheme has been worked outby home-demonstration agents of theU. S. Department of Agriculture andthe State Agricultural College. Manywomen sit all day in these officeswating to secure employment and areglad to give their attention to demonstrations and talks. Recipes arealso distributed. This offers a meansof getting the latest food informationto a class of women who might notbe reached' in any other way.fe is feDimCULTffiSm.JEMCEASING.SUPPLIES OF HEMP.The cutting off of supplies ofhemp from Russia, the increasingriiflimiltien in securing hemp from.Italy, and also .the difficulty in obtaining jute'irom India, jmake it imperative that more hemp be produced in the United States' Mfc-AW .Owing to the deadly work of thesubmarines the-United-States-is onlyflvmb1aths.3ih"iiia:bf;iti 'schedule in;J shipping soldiers to France.s;:-:h:-:;:-:iIff You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We are.agents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAY,----.--s.ii?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property DecayFor the Want of Paint !It is a waste of good money to buy cheap pamiWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. .We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishmentWe do your painting rightand Paper Hanging.C. A.Fifth and Main StreetsTHE BELL DIRECTORYThis is the most frequently consultedreference list in this section. It is correctedand revised every few months.Paris Advertisersare afforded an unequalled opportunity rtoplace their business before the best people ina prosperous community. The space is limited, the jates are reasonable.Just telephone, write or call onMANAGERCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAlO TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporate);the News lob Ppartmentjs Always h"There's a Reason." Werk Dnlit Ir,,-Jit6.V.New BookGoes to PressMonday,July 15thDAUGHERTYft.mtIAiII wi 1 I'M WCTHE BOURBON MEWS, PAWS, KT.'Tf-KUDAT, JULY 5, -lilt.TiftiftnMLI .?THE PAJMS CHATJTAUQUAr. .. t r 'President Wilson justly terms" Chauday of Mr. E.T. Hinton, the Chautautlonal defense."Never before lias Chautauquameant what it is going to mean in1918. -Here, in the free air of discussion, will be blown away the subtle poison gas of German propaganda.Here the great common people will belined up to support, not in blind subserviency, but in discriminating loyalty, the government. Here will allgood causes find reinforcement. Herewill the greatest crisis that ever wasimposed upon the world be made tofuse the hearts of our people into asturdy loyalty.In war time Chautauqua may be ofInvaluable service. Battles are wonnot only by the soldiers at the front,but also by the spirit of the peopleat home. Equipped by long preparation in times of peace, the Chautauqua camps all over the country arenow prepared, as is no other agency,to "keep the home fires burning," tomaintain that intelligent patriotism,that clear understanding of what weare fighting for, that indomitableresolution to win, a-nd that cheerfulness and courdge, which are neededin order to make America one hundred per cent, efficient in her gigantictask of "makimg the .world, safe fordemocracy s .. s . ,' -V 'Chautauqua is peculiarly an American institution.There was never anything like it,in Europe or elsewhere.Nobody invented it.It was not devised. It just grew.Get your season ticket, $2.00, today of Mr. p. T. Hinton, Chautauqua Secretary, or some other member of the Chautauqua Association.We'll look for you there, you andVyour family, too.Remember the dates, July 6-11, inclusive. PI ft ftCUT FLOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used. ,(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.ft ft ftCANNING AND PRESERVINGTIME.Specials for two weeks on tin cansand Mason jars.Star Tin Cans, 65 cents per dozen;Mason Fruit Jars, (quarts) 85 centsper dozen, Vz gallon size, 95 centsper dozen.MARGOLENS' SANITARY MEATMARKET. (2-4t)REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFBourbon-Agricultural Bank and Trust Co.doing business at the town of Paris, County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 25th day of June, 1918:RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts $ 863,544.59Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 14,815.95Stocks, Bonds and other Securities 33,320.81Due from Banks 110,956.01Cash on hand 20,186.11Checks and other cash Items v.. .. 2,005,61Banking House, Furnitures and Fixtures 19.500.00Other Assets not included under any of the above heads . . 00- POLICE AKJffiST .VAGRANTSOn Tuesday morning the police ofParis began the work of rounding upa nupiber of cases of vagrancy, thathad been reported to them under theprovisions of ttie Work or Fight law.Patrolman Geo. Judy visited'a colored pool room on the west side of Mainstreet and placed a bunch of elevenmen there under arrest. They wereescorted to the court house andbrought before Judge Batterton, whointerrogated them as to why 'theywere apparently on the loafing list.ah pxcent one gave satisfactoryanswers, and were released Vlth atimely warning. iFrank Johnson, however, j&ld theCourt that he was not a workingman, that he had no job, and furthermore that he did not intend toget one. But he did get one working, for the county at the workhouse,"making little ones out of big ones"for the next thirty days. He wasalso assessed a fine of $20, which willadd something more to the time hewould have put in for the county.Frank was taken to the county rockquarry and put to work with the other prisoners, but when the guard'sattention had been temporarily distracted from his charges, Johnsonmade a get-away, and is still enjoying liberty.The colored settlement of Claysville was the scene of another raid,conducted by Chief of Police Linkand other officials. A number ofidlers were placed under arrest there.Two were fined $10 and admonishedto get work as soon as possible aftertheir fines were paid, a-nd two werereleased. During the trial of thecases testimony was given to the effect that a negro woman in the village had been engaged in "bootlegging," but when the officers went toher home to arrest her, she hadflown, having gotten wind of the proceedings in some way.BOY SCOUTS ON OUTING.Total .LIABILITIES:$1,064,329.08Capital Stock paid in, in cash. $ 200,000.00Surplus Fund 125,000.00Undivided Profits, lees expenses and taxes paid 36,652.40Deposits subject to check $538,022.62Demand Certificates of Deposit .... 00Time Deposits 161,767.40Certified Checks 500.00 700,290.02Due Banks and Trust Companies 254.55Notes and Bills Rediscounted .00Reserve for taxes 2,132.11 jTotal $1,064,329.088TATE OF KENTUCKY,County of Bourbon SetWe, John T. Collins and Buckner Woodford, President and Cashierof the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statementis v true to the best of our knowledge and belief.JT&HN T. COLLINS, PresidentBUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.Subscribed' and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1918.THOS. W. ALLEN, Notary Public.My Commission expires, January 25, 1920.Under the leadership of Prof. Prentice Lancaster, who is spending hisvacation here, and Mr. Thos. K.Smith, Assistant Secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., the following Boy Scouts from Paris arecamping at Camp Daniel Boone, onthe Kentucky River, for a week'souting: Clarence Baldwin, JamesRowland, John Dundon, Silas Bedford, Jr., Robert Frank, George Dundon, Yutaki Minakuchi, JohnnieJames, W. G. Mitchell, Ed. DranePaton, Marion Gilkey, J. Miller Dundon, Robert Smith, Raymond Stamler, Edward Hurst and Raymond Turner. te isi prCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, July 5 Marguerite Clark, in "Prunella;" King Baggot and Marguerite Snow, in seventeenth episode of "The Eagle's Eye."Saturday, July 6 The Fox Kiddies, Jane and Katherine Lee, in"Trouble Makers;" Fox film comedy,"The Xove Fight.", ,Monday, July 8 Douglas Fairbanks, in "Mr. Fix-It"; Mack Sennettcomedy, "His Smothered Love," withChester Conklin, Marie Prevost andHarry Gibbon.LETTER FROM COR. JOHN STUART AT CAMP HANCOCK -Corporal John M. Stuart, who recently left Indianapolis, Ind., fromthe Vocational Training School, forGamp Hancock, near' Augusta, writesTHE NEWS as follows:"AUGUSTA, GA., June 29.'Dear NEWS:"I have just returned from an inspection trip to the city of Augusta.It is a first-class city. TJie reason Iknow this is because the Board, ofCommerce advertises it as such. Itvery strikingly reminds one of anenlarged photo of Versailles or ValleyView. Last week's train was lategetting in, and the movie shows heldover last week's films. There's something like three thousand people being here of their own free will, orelse they haven't enough pep left inthem to move out of town."Owen Turner Gibson has accepteda position in the camp postoffice atthirty per. I was on K. P. duty lastTuesday and peeled enough potatoesfor a Kentucky barbecue. From myobservation I am beginning to believethat half the country is in the armyand the other half is raising potatoes."Sello Wollstein is certainly soreon the Kaiser. After a fellow movesa lumber yard on a hot day it's boundto make him mad."The war news is a great deal better. I see in the daily papers whereAdami and Santi have run the Australians across the Piave River. Hopethey keep up the good work."I just asked another soldier howfar it was to the postoffice, so I couldget some stamps and mail this letter.He answered, 'Seventy-two salutes.'"Four hundred lieutenants weretransferred here last week from CampGordon. This being their first Saturday here, I think all of them aretaking advantage of the opportunityto see the sights of the city.. "THE NEWS has been coming regularly. Thanks for the good service.This is a great life if you don'tweaken. ,"Yours,"STUART."153 IS ISB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts450,000 POUNDS OF GUN-COTTONDESTROYED BY EIRE.Fire, which started from a motorin the Duplex heater house of theAetna Chemical Company at MountUnion, Pa., destroyed four buildingscomprising the recovery and purification departments and the main portion of the planf. About 450,000pounds of gun-cotton and much valuable machinery were consumed.The loss is estimated at $900,000.There was no loss of life, but severalemployes were severely burned.?ES T55 ?S3Firt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.What has become of -the. old-fash-onedprohibitionist who gave themerry ha-ha when he aspired to public office?FRANK &CQ.' , ladies' outfittersCLEARANCESALE, i.RemnantsOF ALL KINDS';.',Great ReductionsonSuits, Coats, Waists1FRANK & CO.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pi-icesWM, SHIREPresidentWITHERS DAVISVice-PresidentFAY ARDERYSecretary-TreasurerROBERT C. TALBOTTGeneral CounselTHE MARCHMONT OIL CO.INCORPORATED IN KENTUCKYCapital Stock, $100,000.00A Bourbon County Oil Company, Organized by Bourbon County People for BourbonCounty InvestorsNo SalariesNo Expensive OfficesNo CommissionsuI ' i. . V. vxiThe Marchmont Oil Company has acquired leases in Lee andEstill Counties, in the most active territory of the Kentucky Oil Fieldsat the present time, also a lease of 60 acres in Wolfe County, veryclose to production. It is the purpose of the Company to developthese leases at once.This being a home company, organized by home people andmanaged by home people, it is a rare opportunity for investors ofBourbon County who are interested in the oil fields of Kentucky toinvest in a safe and sane oil company.3Iwlmt$ ff "W.&.-ft.4K,1ri 4 jLt'r --a"MSjkLimited Amount of Stock Only Can be Had Now at Par, $1.00 pcApplications for Stock can be made to FAY ARDERY, Secretary-TreasurerA-si1M-v.-..rN- hv'h - ..TJ Zte!&&-: . FRIDAY, JUJ.Y ,5, 1818., OT5 JWUBBpycWElg, FAJtK, IT.-1-- F -W-Si -i -. ift-C9FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new Jaw, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices In the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asf July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)m m jRED CROSS TEA ROOM.J. S. Wilson & Bro. have donatedthe use of the store room in theirbuilding at the corner of Main andThird, recently vacated by Mr. Win.Sauer, to the Red Cross Chapter.The rooms will be remodeled and refurnished with funds and materialcontributed by the citizens of thecity and county, and will be openedon September 1 as a tea room.is isteTRAINLOAD OP GERMAN PRISONERS PASS THROUGH PARISTuesday at noon a train consistingof a baggage car and three coachespassed through Paris, north bound,loaded with German prisoners. Mostof the men were in naval uniformand were probably crews of Germanships what had been captured or interned for the period of the war.The majority of 'the men were ofyouthful appearance. They wereguarded by a detachment of UnitedStates soldiers. The prisoners wereprobably being transferred from aSouthern camp to some detentioncamp in the North.MA IL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoatftainst hail. I represent reliable, promptpayine companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)mhiiPARIS PASTOR SECRETARY OFBAPTIST SUMMER ASSEMBLYAt a business meeting of the Boardof Directors of the Summer Assemblyof Baptist, held in Georgetown, Wednesday afternoon, the following officers to serve for the ensuing yearwere elected:President, Prof, John Leonard Hill,of Georgetown; vice-presidents, Dr.J. M. Walker, of Lexington, and J:W. Lancaster, of Winchester; secretary, R. C. Goldsmith, of Paris;treasurer and general manager, Dr.C W. Elsey, of Cynthiana; assistantmanarger, George M. Newell, ofGeorgetown.NEW FLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us.We can furnish on short notice thebest to be had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best mthe State(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.. lfe is lsaHAIL INSURANCE.Hall insuranco on tobaccoand small grain- MMMcCLURE & DONALDSON.. (june4-tf)Jd IdEURSTING BOTTLE INJURES RESTAURANT EMPLOYED ARM. mMr. W. W. Dudley, clerk at theJames E. Craven restaurant, wasbadly cut on the arm Tuesday morning when a bottle of soft drink ma bunch he was tarrying, exploded.The fragments of flying glass inflicted severe injuries on Mr. Dudley's arm, cutting a deep gash m hiswrist, from which he suffered considerable loss of blood.Mr. Dudley was removed to nishome-on Cypress street, after physicians had given M3"?injured attention. He gettingalong very nicely at present and willbe able to return to work soon.m jm a.HAIL INSURANCE.Intuit your tobacco J"hall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt payinj ctm-ian,fS" (june25-tf)ie mPYTHIANS' PATRIOTIC PROGRAMThere was a large audience presentat the Paris Christian church. Weanedsay night, despite the many -othefattractions in the city, to hear the"Patriotic Program" presented tythe members of Rathbone Lodge ?o.12, Knights of Pythias.The program, which began at eighto'clock, was as follows: Song, Battle Hymn of the Republic," Community Chorus; Invocation, Rev W; .Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch; Song, "Keep The Home FirBurning," Community Chorus, Address, "Home The Dearest Place onEarth," Rev. J. T. Sharrard; Solo,(Selected) Mrs. Birdie Bachrach; Address, Rev, H. C. Runyan, of ratonia,y; Sonr, VSbns of America," Community Chorus; Benediction.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Hore, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Lucy Welch, of Nicholasville, is the guest of the Misses Whaley. Attorney Wm. Worthington, ofMaysville, was a business visitor inParis, Tuesday.Miss Allie Talbott, of Cynthiana,ir a guest of her sister, Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, near Paris.Miss Maria Cummins, of Paris,was a guest of friends and relativesin Cynthiana, this week.Mrs. J. B. Beall, of Atlanta, Ga.,arrived Wednesday for a visit to hermother, Mrs. Wilson Wilder.Miss Jennie Lucille Connors, ofAtlanta, Ga., is the attractive guestof Miss Mary Martin, on South Mainstreet.Miss Corilla Eberhardt has returned to her home in Georgetown after a visit to the Misses LaRue, nearShawhan.Miss Ethel McPheeters is spending the week in Winchester, visitingMiss Mary Keyes and attending theChautauqua.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Pricewere guests for the Glorious Fouth,of Mrs. Price's mother, Mrs. Helburn,in Lawrenceburg.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Walcott havereturned to their home in Winchester, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. T.T. Templin and family. "Mr. B. F. Hopkins, of LittleRock, was a guest of his son, 'Mr. J.T. Hopkins, and other relatives inLexington, for the Fourth.Miss Annie Jemeson has returned to her home in Columbus, Ohio,after a visit to her sister, Mrs. A. L.Slicer and Mr. Slicer, on South Mainstreet.Several Paris people attendedthe funeral and burial of Sergt. Alexander McClintock, in Lexington,Tuesday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. David Mintz andlittle daughter, Miss Bernice Mintzhave returned to their home in NewYork City, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. William Shire.Mr. Henry Caywood and son,Richard Fox Caywood have returnedfrom Chicago, where they were guestsfor a week at the South Shore Country Club of Wm. Daniels and Thos.Cross.Judge Denis Dundon, E. M.Dickson, John J. Williams, Judge H.Clay Howard, Oscar T. Hinton andRobert C. Talbott, represented thelegal fraternity of Bourbon countyat, the meeting of the State Bar Association held in Danville this week.Mrs. Sallie Turaey, formerly ofParis, is seriously ill at the home ofher son, Mr. W. M. Turney, in Cynthiana. Her son, Mr. Alex Turney,who had been summoned from hishome at Little Rock. Ark., arrivedTuesday. Mrs. Turney was the mother or me laie Mrs. k. l. Mccarney,of Paris, , 4Misses Mildred Lisle and Nannete Wallingford, of Paris, who arewith the Mahan Wholesale GroceryCo., in Winchester, have returnedthere from a visit at the home ofMiss Lisle's parents, Mr. and Mrs. D.C. Lisle, -near Paris.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, of Paris,who is in Kentucky in the interestof the National Service School, willaddress the women of Winchester inthe City Hall, at that place, on Monday morning, at ten o'clock, on atopic pertaining to women's work inthe war.A large number of Paris peoplespent the Glorious Fourth out oftown. Many went to Lexington, toBlue Grass Park, a large number ofauto enthusiasts went to Cincinnatito attend the races at the. Speedway,while many spent the day at Boonesboro and other resorts.Mrs. Anne Millspaugh, of Decatur, Illinois, and Mrs. JosephineMcClintock, of El Paso, Texas, whohave been the charming guests of theMisses Whaley, on Cypress street,and other Kentucky relatives, leftWednesday for Landerdale Lakes,Wisconsin, for a visit before returning, to their homes.In its report of the recent meeting of the Kentucky Epworth LeagueConference, held in Harrodsburg, theCentral Methodist says: "The Conference had a great deal of snapabout it in fact the president isnamed Snapp. He dispatched business like a Bishop. Live topics, livespeeches and live young people seemed to be the order of the day. Mr.Snapp was re-elected president."Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris, whois in Boston, attending the sessionsof the American Osteopathic Association, telegraphed friends here yesterday as follows: "P. P. Fryette, ofChicago, elected next president of theAmerican Ostepathic Association.Next meeting will be held in, Chicago.One thousand in attendance here.Service flag with four hundred andthree stars dedicated. The Association voted to donate an ambulanceto the American Red Cross."Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. LoganHoward and family and Mr. WilliamHoward, of Paris, spent the day Sunday with Mr. and Mrs. J. W. HowardThe Rev. S. B. Lander, pastorof the Carlisle Presbyterian church,accmpanied by his wife and daughter, went over to Paris, Sunday,where' he delivered two sermons inthe Paris Presbyterian church. Atthe morning hour the Rev. Landerannounced the engagement of MissElizabeth Brown to the Rev. J. J.Rice, Mr. Rice being the pastor ofthe Paris church, who came here tofill the pulpit at the Presbyterianchurch."Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Miss Thedosia Ray, of.Fairview, isvisiting relatives in Paris Mrs.Morgan Browne and son, who havebeen visiting their Ray relatives,near Fairview, have returned to theirhome in Paris, .-r. . . CHfSousley, ofParis, visited H. C. Sousley and family the first of the week MissAva Sousley returned from Paris, Saturday, 'irfter spending several weekswith "her alster, Mrs. C. E. Cottrill.;Mrs. W. A. Grty returnedMonday 'night. from, a visit torelatives in Louisville, 'Richmond andParis."Mrs. Fred Fisher, of near Paris,has as guests her two nephews, Mr.Clarence Steffen, of Ft. Mitchell,Ky.,and Mr. Daniel Stuntebeck, ofFt. Thomas, Ky.(Other Personals on Page 3.)AGED COLORED WOMAN INJURED-IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT.An automobile in which Dr. J. W.Mebane, colored physician, and hismother-in-law, Mrs. Susan Hepler,were .riding Wednesday, went wildand turned over on its side while theywere returning from $, call in Brentsville. Mrs. Hepler's arm was crashedand mangled, the bone being fractured just below the elbow.Passers-by came to their assistanceand helped to extricate the injuredwoman. She was removed to theMassie Memorial Hospital, where theinjured member was amputated. Theautomobile was slightly damaged.GROSCHE PROPERTY WITHDRAWN. The business house of Mr. HenryJ. Grosche, at the corner of High andEighth streets, occupied by him at abakery, was offered at public saleWednesday afternoon, and withdrawn after the bidding had reachedthe sum of $5,986.Pop Corn Wanted.If you have a small amount of PopCorn for sale, call E. T. 981. " (It)Cottage For Rent.Nice frame cottage on Vine street,adjoining residence of W. H. Whitley. Has bath and all modern conveniences. . Call on or address(5-tf) JOHN T. HINTON.The FairUnusual Values Come at theRight Time For Saturday Only.Shelf Paper,5c a package; IvorySoap, 6c; Ledgers, 250 Pages, 35c,and 100 Page for 20c; Ammonia, abottle 10c; Bird Seed, 10c; CutGlass Vases, 35c; Dinner Sets, 42pieces, $5.98; Cups and Saucers, RealThin China, Discontinued patterns,,from $1 a set up; Slop Jar Mats,each 10c; Embroidery Floss andSan Silk, lc a ball, Silver King WashBoards, 39c; Safety Pins, all sizes,5c a dozen; Pure White GraniteIron Dippers, 19c; Scouring Soup, 3cakes for 10c; Fly Traps, 10c.THE PAIR.RETURNINGHOME&from Itfae heat of thecity you will find aswifter relaxation thrumusic than by . anyother means. Out onthe porch the noiseand heat of the daycan be forgotten, andevery well-loved recordis a vacation trip thattakes you "out ofyourself." Only thosewho use a Victrola canknow the joys of theworld V greatest music.Come in and let usplay for you.tDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainKodaks Victrolas vPlayer. Rolls' ' ',-StoreFixturesStock-CLOSING OUTMARRY SIMONWhichnwfftmriwwflir.T' (K""THE EASIEST AND BEST WAYTo Keep Your Home Fresh and CleanIs to Use ABISSMLL CARPETORvacuum swnnmREVERY DAYSee those in our window. You knowand we know that BISSELLS are the best.THEJ.T.HINTOJVeO?"ITHERPHpNE? 36 SIXTH AND MAIN'sfeMOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERT AKINfimH yb " -.T f -f.Attend TheOPMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.is Now Going Onr. . i."miOatihsOld:Qin&ntheNew"Sale!SALEy. ?.MmtimaH'-Bwit j Bv B1 V' ""Fr" 'IHB TOUOTOIC JHEIfS, PAKE, CT;T-n'T1-!FRIDAY, JULY 5, 111.. v-.- ii- AT', , j-l :i?Wl"l' 1')"" 1"" WtAi.,iJ P 'n il' I 'Mssazisss-s-; jm ce:r-- ..-aisss" SJfj3iSZ-i i ccor ii$tiiiv & mHk. ehh SmKJnrSvJKm SSSbPSSESSwSSJflHdK- mmlmm, "mm-mm jm&mmmsmmmmmmmmmmmHniiUullKlillil ismiunmiiiiw .-rfssssssAvk.:ssssis4 IHUHHH: M I I vi"iwypsSSa'P" -.im melluaflHKHIJi'.aBMflRSrRR rwtr nnocanrrir aotsi a- --- .-Ia1 ot ,ss.-.HoWmuuUEriflAMmHBrmlMmWe KNOW United States Tires are GOD tires. That's why we sell them.IRA PARKS & SON Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middlttown, Ky.POOD ADMINISTRATOR ANNOTJN-CES CHANGE IN WHAT PRICESNEW YORK, July 4. A change inthe Government price of wheat wasannounced Sunday by the Food Administration. The change was necessitated, it was declared, in a statement issued Sunday by the Food Ad-ministration, because the establishment of new freight rates by the Railway Administration. The statementfollows:"The price basis on various marketsWHEN YOU BUYYU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more irapor' ttnt to you than cheap' fans; bejjauie the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.Ukun$mt Jmlave proved their ability to givethe moat breeze for the leait expenditure, and for this reasonare money layers.Fam Ga k Electric Co.wSS52-vl' -sMgsssS5sSgSS jZK&BB&gKS tffimL l WSft.1 cu VJH rw IWO.JW5AWJL IftfStfv YlV?nBm2UV'sssaaK'NciiTTOOJiiSYAA4UUVyU- -.Speed Speed!Uncle Sam pushed the clock aheadone hour to give more light.Take advantage of it. You owe itto yourself and your country to makeevery minute count..Use your car passenger or commercial to the limit.Samuel P. Colt, president of theUnited States Rubber Company,helped f awaken the country to theeconomic value of the automobilelast fall. He said"Everything on wheels must beused and mobilized.automoDne is second to tnerailroads as an adjunct and supplementary to them in collecting anddistributing merchandise."Owners should use their cars,and more."Make the most of your car by Usingthe tirei that will extend its usefulnessto the utmost.Use good tiresUnited States Tires.They last longest and carry youfarthest at least cost.There is a United States Tire forevery car or truck to guarantee uninterrupted service and greatesceconomy.Our nearest Sales and Service Depocdealer will tell you which ones willserve you bestUnited States Tiresre Good Tiresfor grades of No. 1 Northern spring,No. 1 hard winter, No. red winter, No.1 durum and No. 1 hard white is asfollows :"New York $2.39"Philadelphia 2.39"Baltimore 2.38"Njewport News 2.38"Orfuth 2.22gSneapolis 2.21"Minneapolis 2.21"Chicago 2.26"St. Louis 2.24"Kansas CityN'i 2.18"Omaha 2.18"New Orleans 2.28"Galveston ' 2.28"Tacoma 2.20"Seattle : 2.20"Portland 2.20"Astoria 2.20"San Francisco 2.20"Los Angeles 2.20"The basis for No. 2 wheat will be3 cents -below No. 1 an the basis forNo. 3 wheat, 7 cents below No. 1.Grades below No. 3 will be dealt inon sample."It is expected that the changes inFederal grading standards will throwmore wheat into the higher gradesthan last year. The changes in priceare worked out as nearly as possibleto compensate for increases in railway and sea rates."The other classes of wheat thanthose mentioned above, as equivalent,will be dealt in on the followingterms."The class of dark hard wheat willbe bought at 2 cents above hard winter, dark Northern spring at 2 centsabove Northern spring, amber durumat 2 cents above durum, white yellowhard winter will be bought at 2 centsunder hard winter, red spring at 5cents under Northern spring, red Walla Walla at 7 cents underbred winter,red durum -at .7 cents under durum,sfX1? fc 2 cents under hard h'tyeandwhite club at 4 cents under hardwhite."It is the intention of the GrainCorporation to make effective a minimum price of $2 for No. 1 wheat,loaded on cars available for shipmentfrom all points in the intermbuntainterritory. Detail? as tojiow this willbe made effective on wheat and on thesurplus flour produced in that territory will be issued by the GrauT'Corporationin the. near future."Wewish to emphasize that tFeabove is the basis, upon - which theGrain Corporation is prepared to buywheat at the above market."CANAIflANHPEfrSP TORPEDOED BY HUNS.LONDON, July 4. You werecarrying eight American flight offi-rs!""Nothing of the kind, sir! We hadseven Canadian medical corps menaboard. Our ship, sir, was charteredby the Canadian Government tocarry sick and wounaea."Well how about that aft explosion? It proves you carry munitions!" . . ."We certainlv did not! 1 give youmy word and honor, sir, that for sixmonths we have' carried nothing andnone except patients, medical menand Sisters!"Near the swirling wreckage of a12,000 tons hospital ship, the Llandovery Castle, sunk without warningbv a German submarine Thursdaynight, 116 miles southwest of Fastnet,inis conversation wok. pmce uetweenthe U-boat commander and the Captain of his victim. According to theofficial figures late Monday only 24out of the 258 persons aboard areaccounted for. The 234 missing include women and nurses.It was the U-boat commander whoplayed the role of accuser in the dialogue quoted, accuser not before, butafter the fact. The LlandoveryCastle's master, with the 23 other suivvivors landed so far, wasin an openooat mat aancea precariously iromcrest to crest of furious waves thrownup by the gray sea serpent circling thewreckage of its victim.It is to be noted," says an Admiralty announcement, "that the submarine had the right to stop andsearch the vessel under The Hagueconvention. The u-boat commanderpreferred to torpedo the hospital shipwithout investigation."Once more Great Britain andthe world stands aghast before anact of ruthlessness, the very barbarity of which mocks description. Therewere no wounded or sick aboard theLandovery Castle. The vessel washomeward bound from Canada. Notthe slightest warning was given. Noone saw the wake of the torpedo. Thefirst intimation of the disaster was aterrific jar from an explosion in No.4 hold. The section of the ship wasblown in and the vessel was unableto remain afloat.The Landovery Castle was makingspeed at the rate of 14 knots when thecrash came. All lights went out immediately and a desperate groping inthe darkness ensued.Right after the explosion the Captain, failing to get an answer fromthe engine room, ordered "Abandonship." The number killed by the explosion is undertermined. The Captain was the last to leave the ship.The lifeboat in which he and 23others got away is the only one ofwhich any trace has been reported sofar.While picking up 11 drowning menthe Captain's boat was hailed by thesubsea monster's master, who ordeued the lifeboat's occupants to desistfrom their rescue work and "pay attention," adding some threatening remark about the submarine's big gun.The U-boat, by the way, bore no "number nor other mark of distinction.-When the Llandovery Castle's Captain said his vessel had been carrying Canadian Medical Corps men theU-boat commander promptly asked ifany of these were in the Captain'sboat. Upon the Captain's affirmativeanswer the war craft's master ordered him to board the U-boat.While the submarine commanderwas engaged in his cross-examinationaccusations and excuses the Llandovery Castle's Captain was worrying about the fate of his ship's humancargo."Where are our other boats?" heshouted, his voice vibrating with impotent scorn.The U-boat commander ignored thequestion, keeping a keen eye on theCanadian medical officer, Major T.Lyon, who then was boarding the submarine. A couple of burly Germansailors stood ready to receive him andseemed bent on punishing him forbeing alive. They shoved him aboutroughly, causing him to break a foot.After cross-examination by the commander, Major Lyon was orderedback into the lifeboat.Then the submarine , circled thewreckage of the big ship at full speed,shaved the lifeboat, stopped it againand took off the second and fourthofficers.When the U-boat commander' triedto give a new excuse by charging thatthe hospital vessel carried munitions,the Second Officer explained that thecrash in the ship's after section wascaused by the boiler explosion. Evidently the German officer desired toget rid of one who offered this irrefutable explanation, for he allowedhim to return to the lifeboat.A little later the submarine openedfire on some unseen target. Twelveshells were fired. It is believed possible that the target or targets wereother lifeboats of the LlandoveryCastle.The U-boat towed the Captain's lifeboat some distance. There was notrace of the other boats. After pulling alone in the darkness for- some70 miles, the Captain's boat waspicked up by the British destroyerLysander and was brought to Queenstown. State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucus County j,ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., .'doing business inthe City of Toledo, "County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will .paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of, HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sowrn to, before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A: D., 1886.A. W. GLEASO&,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicin is- takenInternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.,F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo4, X).'Sold by all druggists, 75c. ,Hall's Family Pills for, constipation.Suppose Emperor, Charles does losebis Cabinets "He still hasrthe;Kaiserto boss him. - 'MEETS THE BOYS ATHOME.The State Y. M. C. A. is arranginga schedule of Camp Taylor Secretariesand interested friends in home townsto accompany every troop train fromKentucky to Camp Zachary Taylor.These trains are moving from alldirections to Camp Taylor, beginningMay 25th, and the State Y. M. C. A.has arranged for a friend to accompany each train, from its beginning.The special trains bearing troopsfrom many of our counties to Ft.Thomas are also being covered in thesame way. Mr. O. M. Adams and Mr,E. M. Baber accompanied the trainsfrom Lexingtonto Ft. Thomas, andMr. B. Y. Willis, of Nicholasville,was on the train from that town tothe same camp. Mr. W. W. 'Harris,'Membership Secretary, of the Y. M.C. A. accompanied the special trooptrain leaving Louisville with 600 mento Ft. Thomas.Rev. P. H. Pleune, Mr. W. P. Watkins and Mr. C. S. Waller came inon the train from Paducah with 700men, while Mr. Geo. T. Anderson,Secretary of the Railroad Y. M. C.A., at Corbin, and Mr. B. C. Miller,Secretary of the Mining Y. M. C. A.,at Benham, came in on the specialL. & N. train leaving Corbin.Mr. W.. N. Ewald, State MiningWork Secretary, and Mr. LutherBrown, Secretary Y. M. C. A. CampTaylor, made the trip to Hazard tocome in with the boys from that section of the State.The train from Springfield was accompanied by Mr. C. B. Bottom, ofSpringfield, and a special Camp Taylor Secretary met the I. C. train atCecelia, gathering up the boys fromHodgenville and adjacent territory.The train leaving Greensburg wasmet at Campbellsville by Rev. B. J.Skaggs and at Lebanon by a Secretary from Camp Zachary Taylor.Rev." Smith, pastor of the FirstChristian Church, Hopkinsville, accompanied the special train leavingHopkinsville via Bowling Green with391 boys in his charge. He was metat Bowling Green by a Camp TaylorSecretary. On the same day Mr. C.L. Wilson, General Secretary of theY. M. C. A., at Bowling Green, anda secretary from Camp Taylor camein with a special train carrying 425men.The special train leaving Ashlandon the C. & O. with 700 men wasaccompanied by Mr. C. M. Nicholas,General Secretary, Y. M. C. A.; L. F.Zerfoss, District Secretary, State Y.M. C. A., and was joined at Frankfortby M. W. Sheffield, .General Secretary of the Frankfort Y. M. C. A.The Special Henderson route traincoming from Henderson, was accompanied by J. F. Meyer, General Secretary Y. M. C. A. at Henderson, andG. N. Parrish, General Secretary Y.M. C. A. at Owensboro. A specialsecretary from Camp Taylor metthis train at Owensboro.E. S. Fogg, General Secretary, Y.M, C. A., at Covington, and H. B.Mackoy, Chairman Recruiting Committee, came in with the boys fromCovington on the special train andwere met at Worthville.The train leaving Maysville wasaccompanied by R. A. Cochran, whois a member of the State Board ofthe Y. M. C. A., and was joined atLexington by D. C. Cruise, GeneralSecretary Y. M. C. A., and FrankTinder, of Versailles, Secretary Woodford County Y. M. C. A.Special secretaries in uniform wentout from Camp Taylor to meet allincoming trains.The men accompanying thesetrains have the chevrons of the ArmyY. M. C. A. at Camp Taylor for distribution, as well as' picture postcards of the camp on which the boysare urged to announce their safe arrival at once. These secretariesanswer a multitude of questions andprepare the minds of the new recruits for the services of the ArmyY. M. C. A. at Camp Taylor.m m m-THE JOY OF LIVING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it.( ad v-July)AIDING IN AERONAUTICAL WORKSuitable sites for additional aerological stations for the observation,measurement and investigation ofatmospheric' phenomena in the aid ofaeronautics have been selected bythe Weather Bureau at Broken Arrow, Okla.; Ellen'dale, N. Dak.;Droesbeck, Tex.; Leesburg, Ga., andRoyal Center, Ind.;Thjs was done under the Army Appropriation Act forthe year ending June 30, 1918, authorizing $100,000 for this purpose.Installation of equipment has beencompleted at the Ellendale Stationand daily free air observations arebeing obtained. It is expected thatfree air observations will be begunat the other four stations at once.The work to be conducted at all ofthese stations is similar to that atDrexel, Nevada, wbere, daily kiteflights are made, and about twiceeach, month. thetmoepheric changesduring thV day at (different altitude'srf studies by means' of successiveflle-litfi 'continuing from 30 to 401hours. 'Y. HL ,C A- " -" 5 Tv." .- '' -iw-irM.itf)Bj1;tMli.iMi.1i .. T". .v s. ; mtill i Vf i " f T1 - : l ' II ' -v- IiJie!Pencileton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. JPSOJSNLX HOTEI,JUSXINGTON, KENTUCKY '.We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITS';xiNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399,KANEL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective May 12. 1918. at 12:01 a. m.)TRAINS ARRIVENo. From Arrive-34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:33 a. ml10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30 a. m.151 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:25 a. m.17 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35 a. ml40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:05 a. ml12 Lexington, Ky., Dailly 10:10 a, ml33 Chicago, 111., Daily 10:27 a. nu9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:40 p. m.138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:io p. m.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 p. m.39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 p. m!16 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30 p. m.156 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:4,0 p. nu32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily . . 8:30, p. m.130 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:20 p. m..31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:28 p.m.210 Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only 12:50 p! m209 Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only 5:40 p! m.TRAINS DEPARTNo. For Leave-34 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 5:41 aTmt151 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7J40 a. m?40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a! ml17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . .. . 7:45 a. ml10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 a. m.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:13 a! ml13 Lexington, Ky., Daily !l0:33 a. ml33 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily i 10:35 a, m.129 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:25 p. ml38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:25 p. m.39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 1 5:57 p! ml9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 6:00 p! ml16 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 p. m.32 Cincinnati, O., and Chicago, III., Daily 8:35 p. m.131 Lexington, Ky., Daily ', 10:35 p.m.31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:36 p. nu210 Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only .. !!i2:55 p! m209 Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only .. 5J45 pi m156 Cynthiana, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday . ". 6:45 p. m-TRAINSNo. , From Arrive-2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 a. nu4 Frankfort, Ky.,, Daily Execpt Sunday 5;50 p. mTRAINSNo. ,. , For Xeave-1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 825 a. m.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.. 6:25 p. mTOBACCO GROWERS ASKED TOASSIST WAR CHEST FUND.A campaign-among the 600,000 tobacco growers ,to raise & war chest .ofat least $50,Q,00Qrw,as. outlined atthe annual convention of the tobaccoassociation of the United' States, atAtlantic City, N. J. Contributions of1KHKK1SATSI!K1; iBROSt,i nARRIVEDEPRTtobacco will be solicited from thefarmers, r which will I?e auctioned offat warehouses. The proqeeds will bedivided between the Red Cross andY. M. C A. and there may be apportionments for other waragiacieff.Tobacco was held now to b , waressential in the' adireee of Ti M. Harrington, of Richmond, Va., praeidentof .the organisation.ySIrFRIDAY, JULY 5, 1918.SHE BOURBON NIWS, PARIS, KT.fltlttfB4--Professional Cards.WM GRAN NANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13CCAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPPrtmpt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AITD GOLD BATHS.OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes! Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both. Phones. 520 Main StGBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsII Doughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Twin Bros.Department StoreBIG SALESTILL GOING ONSkirts $5.98These are extra qualitySilk Skirts values up to$8.00 and $10.00.. $5.98HatsValues up to $5.00$1.44All Children's Hats98cSuits, Coats, Dresses,Waists, Dry Goods,Etc.Twin Bros.Department Start.EVIDENCE TORPEOPLE.PARISThe Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter Strangers.Home testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or .neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home is faraway invites your doubts.Here's a Paris statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof that backsDoan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too glad torecommend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at times had quite a bitof trouble with, my back. Often, Ihad a dreadful ache across my kidney and the kidney secretions weretoo frequent in passage. A box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills at these timeshas never failed to cure me of anattack."Mr. Larkin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When Your Back is Lame,Remember the Name." (adv)MORE POULTRY 'AND EGGS ONTHE WAY.Four district men and thirty-sixState leaders, all trained poultryspecialists, are carrying out the Department of Agriculture's prograni tosecure large increases in poultry andegg production this year. In addition to these workers there are elevenextension poultry club men who areencouraging more efficient poultryproduction among the boys and girlsin their various States. Recent reports from these poultry extensionspecialists indicate that normal production will be maintained in practically every section of the countrythis year, in which they are working,and in many localities an increaseover previous years is expected. Thei appeal made by the departmentspecialists to city people to increasefood production by utilizing theirtable scraps in feeding small backyard flocks of he-ns is meeting withmarked success.Ibb la feTANGEL0, NEW FRUIT PRODUCTA new type of fruit, which hasbeen named the Tangelo, has beenproduced by the Bureau of Plant Industry through, a cross between thetangerine orange and the grapefruit,or pomelo. As a class the tangelosresemble round oranges more thaneither of their parents and are exceedingly variable. Two well-recognizedvarieties have been thoroughlytested and have been distributed toco-operators for further trial. Thetangelo has little acidity and resembles a tender and good-flavored orange more than a grapefruit or tangerine. la 3 isFOREIGN WOMEN VOLUNTEER INTEACHING CANNING.Many foreign women who have received training in food conservationfrom home-demonstration agents ofthe XJ. S. Department of Agricultureand the State agricultural collegesare volunteering for special canningwork. One canning class held inMassachusetts was composed of fourFinns, two Lithuanians, two Poles,two French, two Swedes, two Italiansand two Armenians. These womenall understand English and willspend a large part of their time, thissummer giving demonstrations andhelping people who speak their languages with canning work.GRADED SCHOOL DISTRICTS MUSTLEVY 20-CENT TAX.Graded common school districtsmust levy at least a 20-cent schooltax, in the opinion of the AttorneyGeneral's department, at Frankfort.In an opinion given State Superintendent V. O. Gilbert, D. O. Myatt,first assistant attorney general, said:"An examination of the commongraded school law clearly shows thatthe common graded schools are supposed to be supported and partiallymaintained by local taxation. TheGeneral Assembly has fixed the maximum tax the board of trustees of agraded school may levy, but it is not,so far as I know, fixed the minimumof such tax."fe Pa saCO-OPERATE IN CROP ESTIMATESCo-operation in Wisconsin betweenthe Bureau of Crop Estimates and theState Department of Agriculture isproving very satisfactory, accordingto expressions of State officials. Thereports are said to be more dependable because of better sources of information and better organization secured through the co-operative arrangement, which has eliminated duplication of work and expense. Similar co-operation has been establishedin Utah, Missouri and Nebraska andis under consideration in otherStates.ta faa PbSome men always look cheesy. If-u: r.nntc lafra arft not tOO long.their coat sleeves are too short, andif their coat sleeves are not too buuru,their pants'legs are, too long.PAKISNEWSPAPER-ETHICS(Roanoke, Va., Times.)Would that all who. are or havebeen in the habit of sneering atnewspaper ethics or, rather, at whatthey are pleased to consider a lackof it could have been in the congregation at the Park Avenue M. E.Church in New York o-n Sundaymorning and listened to the masterful address delivered on this subjectby Dr. James Methvin Lee, directorof the department of journalism ofNew York University. The point wasmade by the speaker that ethics withnewspapers, as with men, is largelya personal matter. "Gentlemen arenot exempt from wrongdoing," saidDr. Lee, "but they are always readyto make amends when they discoverthat they have done wrong." He declared that there is one sermon thatis preached over and over every dayby the newspapers of the country,and it is based on the text, "TheWages of Sin is Publicity." Thatnewspaper men are not so eager topublish sensational news as some people believe, he illustrated by recounting the story of a Chicago cityeditor who, upon receiving, details ofthe misdeeds of a prominent localclergyman, decided to withhold thestory and avoid creating a sensationon obtaining the clergyman's promiseto retire quietly to a farm and stayout of the pulpit. The story, to hiscertain knowledge, has -never appeared in print from that day to this,said Dr. Lee.A great problem now facing theeditors of the country is whether topublish what the people want orwhat they ought to have. There aredangers attending either course. Theeditor who gives space to the salacious and nauseating stories are soeagerly drunk in by an amazinglylarge number of persons will get alarge street circulation temporarily,but we will find when too late, thathe has lost the patronage and friendship of right thinking, self-respecting men and women. On the other Jhand, the editor who is guided bystraight-laced Puritanical standardsin passing on what "copy" should beallowed access to the composing roomin running the risk of turning out adull, uninteresting, prosy sheet thatfew will take the trouble to read.The only safe rule is to seek out thegolden mean of which Horace sang.The man who edits a newspapershould be neither a prude nor a rake.A saint would make as big a fizzleof the business as a devil. He whowould succeed in fullest measure' inthe task of making a newspaper thatwill win and hold the favor of thegreat masses of the people must be aman of the strictest integrity, yetbroad enough to understand andsympathize with the many who sufierfrom one or another of the manyforms of human frailty to which manis heir.Those whose habit is to decry whatthey term the sensationalism of thepress would do well to remember thatthe great majority of the fourthestate are imbued with a sincere desire and purpose to do their workconscientiously and faithfully andthey strive diligently to get at theexact facts, that they may do no manan injustice. The power of the press"is great, but to their credit be it said,there is on part of most of the menwho make up the staffs of Americannewspaper no disposition whatever toabuse it. The ethics of the newspapercraft will stand comparison withthose of any other in the land.LIBERTY LOAN INTEREST RATESSecretary McAdoo officially corrects a statement appearing in various newspapers that the Fourth Liberty Loan will bear interest at therate of 4 per cent. He states thatno thought has been entertained ofissuing the bonds of the fourth loanat a higher rate than 4 per cent.It is interesting to recall here theSecretary's appeal in the Third Liberty Loan speeches that the rate ofinterest for Government loans be stabilized at 4 per cent. He said thenthat as an intelligent people weshould make a stand for the financing of our Government during theperiod of the war at a stabilized rateof interest, naming 4Vi per cent, asthe proper figure, so that all businessand investments might be adjustedon that basis. In his letter to Majority Leader Kitchin he stronglyurges stabilizing the rate at 4 percent.The Secretary of the Treasury hasalso asserted he did not think thatthe patriotism of the American peoplewas measured by the rate of intereston a Government bond, and the support the people gave the Third Liberty Loan seems to have justified hisbelief.BOYS HELP SOUTHITSELF. ,TO FEEDHere is an incentive for boys'clubs in the South a 1917 record tosurpass in 1918. Food and feed valued at $4, 019, 121 was the total production of boy-club members in theSouth last year, according to a compilation recently made by leaders inthe U. S. Department of Agriculture.The report shows that 115,745 wereenrolled in the regular clubs in 14States, Alabama not reporting. Inaddition to the regular membersprobably 400,000 boys, it is estimated; were reached and were helped infood and feed production through instructions given by agents in schoolsand clubs, farm demonstrations andso on.J fe feFARMER ATTAINS "EFFICIENCY"To show how farmers of the United States are meeting the shortageof farm help, a field agent of theBureau of Crop Estimates in a recent report -told of seeing a farmerin Indiana driving a team of sixhorses hitched to a disc plow andleading three horses drawing a harrow. He was working nine horsesand two' modern farming implements,and doing the work of several menand teams under the old system ofL farming.RAISES MRgPORK-AOTrHELPSrUJDCR0SS, TOO.A Red Cross Pig Club the firstone in the United States will sendto the St. Louis market in September 3,000 hogs from Carroll county,Mississippi. This will mean morepork for the country, more moneyfor Carroll county and a contributionestimated at $10,000 to the RedCross. The Red Cross Pig Club was .organized last winter by O. F. Tur-fner, county agent in Carroll county.He started out to combine pork production and Red Cross work and"tried to get 2,500 people each to raiseone pig to be known as a Red Crosspig. Instead of 2,500 members hegot 3,000 in a county that has only1,600 voters. Every banker, lawyer,minister, physician and nearly everymerchant in the county is a member.The pigs are weighed on the lastSaturday of ' each month and a $35registered pig is given as a prize tothe member whose pig makes thegreatest gain through each month.Five hundred negroes are members.PLYING HOMERS AS WAR-MESSAGECARRIERS.Homing or racing pigeons, knownas "Flying Homers," are in greatdemand by the Signal Corps of theUnited States Army as carriers ofmessages, and the U. S. Departmentof Agriculture urges pigeon raisers togive more attention to this breed.The pigeon section of the SignalCorps buys mature homers havingsatisfactory pedigree, breeds them,and trains the young birds. As thehoming instinct of the old birds is already established and can .not bechanged, only the young birds thustrained can be used for militarycommunication. They are one of thesurest means of conveying wordacross the battle fields. Persons desiring to furnish the War Department with homing pigeons should apply to the Chief Signal Corps officerof the nearest cantonment.. Pa li ?sHOME-DEMONSTRATION AGENTSHELP FOREIGN SPEAKING WOMEN.Home:demonstration agents of theU. S. Department of Agriculture andthe State agricultural colleges arehelping women in this country whospeak foreign languages with theirfood problems. In order to interpretthe Government's rulings to thesewomen literature has been printed inseveral languages and demonstrationsare being given in the use of wheatsubstitutes. The demonstrations areheld in- their homes, in settlementhouses, in churches, in Liberty-breadshops, and in milk station. A member, of the group usually acts as interpreter or a young school girlcomes to translate the demonstrationto the mothers.CLEARING HOUSES E0R MOTORTRUCK ROUTE INFORMATIONThe Bureau of Markets is to openin several cities offices where producers and owners of motor truckscan get information looking towardthe establishment of motor-truckroutes for farm produce. It has beenfound that many trucks are idle partof the time and their owners areready to intake fuller use of thetrucks if regular routes can be established in producing sections duringperiods of harvest crop movement.Buffalo, N. Y., and Philadelphia, Pa.,are the first two cities where information offices will be opened.fe fe fcaWHAT OLD TIN CANS ARE WORTHMany letters in regard to the advistbility of collection and sale ofold tin cans are being received fromprivate persons by the U. S. Department of Agriculture. The Department has been informed by a company engaged in Winning work thatcans practically free from rust andforeign matter are worth $12 a ton f.o. b. its factory and that there arefrom 7,000 to 8,000 cans in a ton.The company stated it believes therecovery of tin cans to be advisableonly in the larger towns.MICKIE SAYS1HOAAOMKttE EftVfO AMtf ttlV NOPe,WE OXDNft XNOYImyfHm ksovrf rt , srt(BON ER CrOJU. VMfcU.,NHV 0ONft VA PHONE V3SA&OVX Vf Z N OO HE BESTfctV SOMEiNES V4E NttSS MRVfEtAALWAYS 3rUA -O OVSJEtt. Hfc ?HOUfc-CVXM4V. NOV-CWkNU. NOV) JM1 -'WZT L l v 7: 9MM 1 ( ; TLI : : T"S JTX'MGC(TRMICKBINDERSBest inPLENTY OFBINDERTWINESee Us For All Kinds ofFarm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant Sti."gEoTw DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR. Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.""sSjjT" SkBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANESCumberland Phone 40T P"tbe World? r. --iI1IWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OirWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and ioiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.WHorn Phone 1692x- " iy ? !-sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IT.IGI UGHTv l FRIDAY, JULY I, 1I1S.V.X veffort will be made to have trainingschools in every large community inthe Country.SSSS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMORELIGIOUS.The second All-South ChristianEndeavor Convention will .be held-July ""11 to 14 at Memphis, Tenn. Itis expected that more than 3,000 delegates from the sixteen Southern'-States will be in attendance.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian, church will meetaiext' Sunday evening at 6:45. Subject: "The Power of the Cross in-Africa," Miss Fannie Heller will bethe leader. Some special music will'le a feature of the program.Plans have been made by theItletfeddist Episcopal Church, South,rf or the observance throughout thedenomination of Sunday, July 7, theVSunday nearest the Fourth of July, as-"National Day." Special programs--will be carried out in the Sunday'-Schools.A call has been sent out by thefederal Council of Churches ofChrist for a large increase in thevolunteering of ministers for- this'form of national service. The callays there is urgent need for at least-400 more chaplains.The Kentucky State Sunday-School Association will take part in-& nation-wide campaign, for thetraining of teachers during the reonaining summer months of the pres'ent year. During the campaign anMATRIMONIAL.FOURNIER CURTIS.In a letter to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry C. Curtis, of thiscity, Sergt. Earl Curtis, who is stationed at Camp Bowie, near Ft.Worth, Texas, makes announcementof his wedding in that place.The wedding took place at 9:00 p.m., on Wednesday, June 26, in Ft.Worth, in the presence of a largeassembly of fellow-officers, who madethe occasion a merry one. Sergt.Curtis' bride was formerly MissNatura Fournier, a handsome youngwoman of Ft. Worth. Their acquaintance began when the bridecame to the camp with a party offriends on an inspection tour. Meetiner the Kentuckian was a case of loveat first sight, and soon there was anunconditional surrender for better orfor worse.Mr. Curtis is Regimental Sergeant-Maior of the 143d Infantry at CampBowie, and a fine young soldier, whohas a host of friends in Pans andelsewhere.THE NEWS joins with his numerous friends here in wishing him andhis fair bride a long, happy andprosperous married life.Every Man, Woman and Childin Bourbon County Should AttendTHECHAUTAUQUAChautauqua ProgramAfternoon Program Begins at 3:00 Night Program at M0- " ' (Subject to Change by Announcement)FIRST DAYAFTERNOON3!ack's European Orchestra. Exceptional organization of distinctiveartists in a rich offering of classicand- popular selections, featuringJoseph Black, violin virtuoso.Admission 25c and 15cNIGHT.Black's European Orchestra. Concertprelude of musical gems.Dr. Jay William Hudson. Fresh fromspecial mission to Europe to seeand observe condition? Lecture:"American Ideals."Admission 50c and 25c.SECOND DAYFriday, July 5thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Monday, July 7thArtcraft PresentsDouglas FairbanksMarguerite Clarkin "Prunella"This is one of the rare kind of pictures that you can't afford to miss. Onthe stage it held New York enthralled;on the screen it will startle and delightyou.Also the 17th Episode of'THE EAGLE'S EYE'.5Saturday, July 6thWilliam Fox PresentsJane and Katherine Lee"Baby Grand" StarsuasTrouble Makers"- iee niddies at their best, in a sparkling comedy-drama. A laugh in everyfoot of film.-Also a Fox Film Comeriv.The Love Fight."66IN"MR. FIX-IT"One sight of Doucr. doiner "stunts" inimmaculate evening dress will start youlaughing; you'll keep it up through fivelong reels.Mack Sennett Comedy, "His Smothered Love," with Chester Conklin, HarryGribbon and Marie Prevost.PricesAt the Alamo-Children5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At lrv,wriS GrandChildren 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults lOc-war tax lc.DEATHS.PERKINS.Mrs. Janie Jones Perkins, agedsixty-one, widow of the late Mr. Geo.1Perkins, died at her home at Shawhan, this county, Tuesday morning,after an illness of ten years, due toparalysis.Mrs. Perkins was a native of Bathcounty, where she was born August2, 1857. She was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Stanfield Perkins,of near Sharpsburg. Her husbandpreceded her to the grave elevenyears ago. The following childrensurvive: Mrs. Rhoda Lynam, Carlisle; James Perkins, Bourbon county; Mrs. Ida Frederick and VirginiaPerkins, Shawhan, and Will Perkins,Georgetown.The funeral and burial was held inCarlisle, Wednesday afternoon.HUBBARD. iMrs. Sallie R. Hubbard, agedtwenty-seven, died at her home anMassie avenue, in this city, Wednesday night at 6:30, after a lingeringillness of tuberculosis.Mrs. Hubbard was the wife of Mr.James Hubbard, a farmer of thiscounty, who had been residing in thecity for some ti,me. She was a daughter of Mr. George Collins. Besidesher father she is survived by herhusband, two children, Lucille andJames Hubbard, Jr., two sisters, Mrs.Ida Sadler and Miss Lena Collins,and two brothers, Fisher Collins,now in the army service, and Thos.Collins, of Millersburg.Funeral services will be held atthe grave" in the Millersburg Cemetery, at three o'clock, this (Friday)afternoon, conducted by Rev. J. W.Gardner, of Millersburg., No engagement should. last longerthan 30 days. It is cruelty to a girlrar compel her to keep from eatingonions for more than a month.FRYMANAFTERNOONTkt Cecilian Chorus of Concert andOperatic Artists in selections fromlight and grand opera, oratorios,standard popular songs and sketch-es in costume.Admission 25c and 15c.NIGHT.The Cecilian Chorus. Concert prelude. Old-time favorites.Gabriel R. Maguiie, F. R. G. S., Traveler, Lecturer, Explorer, Lecture:"With an Irishman Through theJungles of Africa."Admission 35c and 20c.THIRD DAYAFTERNOONZJPetfTTriSfiil, Canadian Reader andEntertainer. Irish dialect, impersonations, dramatic readings.iCJyd Wilson McCord, popular inspirational lecturer.Admission 25c and 15c.NIGHT.readingsPearl O'Neil. Humorousand impersonations.Capt. Richmond P. Hobson, Hero ofthe Merrimac. Lecture: "Americaand the World War."Admission 50c and 25c.r.Mr. W. E. Fryman died at hishome in Ruddles Mills, this county,Wednesday imorning, after an illnessof five weeks, from the effects of paralysis. He was a son' of Mrs.Ellen Fryman, of Lair, and the lateMr. Green Fryman, and was a nativeof Harrison county, where he wasborn in 1868.Mr. Fryman was married ill 1907,and is survived by his widow, andone son, Herman Lee Fryman, agedfour years; also by his mother, andtwo brothers and sisters, Jake Fryman, of Lair, Lum Fryman, of Ruddles Mills, Mrs. Morton Rednowerand Mrs. Chas. Rednower, both ofnear Cynthiana.Mr. Fryman was engaged in farming, and had resided at Ruddles Millsfor the past two years, having previously lived at Lair. He was a member of the Methodist churchThe funeral was held at Ruddles Mills yesterday afternoon atone o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. E. K. Pike. The burial followed in Battle Grove Cemetery atj Cynthiana.FOURTH DAYAFTERNOON"vVena's Royal Hawaiians. Delightful program of Hawaiian musicweird, enchanting, ,melodious bynative musicians, featuring $Tr.and Mrs. George W. Vierre. A- Vbreath from the South Sea Isles.- 'Admission 25c and 15c.NIGHT.Vierras Royal Hawaiians. NativeSingers and Players in a musicaloffering, "A Night in Hawaii."Bob Seeds, Humorist and Philosopher.Lecture: "The Way It Looks fromthe Road."Admission 35c and 20c.FIFTH DAYAFTERNOON3)e Jeu, Magician, and Be Vito, PI-.SAO-Accor&ionist.Popular program of out-of-the-ordinary magicand music.Dr. Roland 'A. - Nichols. Lecture:'(The .Man Worth While."Admission 35c and 15c.INIGHT.DeJeu in feats of "Black Art."De Vito, Accordion King.George Enstace Pearson, Survivor ofthe Princess Pats, Canada's crackregiment. Contributor to Saturday Evening Post. Soldier andlecturer.Admission 50c and 25c.-SIXTH DAYAFTERNOON1CTisar Orchestral Band. America's leading organization of young'lady musicians. Popular concert,'"'featuring instrumental and vocaltjeienibles, costume songs and nov''elties. - ""Admission 50c and 25c.NIGHT.Navassar Orchestral Band.' Grandclosing concert Band, orchestraland vocal gems, including saxaphone, wood wind and brass combinations. The Chautauqua'sgreatest musical offering.Admission 50c and 25c.AdultSeason$2.00 Child$1.00'Sunday programs will be modified to conform to tWsriritf the day; . " " 'umzj&NS of PARIS READ! THIS If CONCERNS YOU!Public notice has frequently beengiven that you should boil all waterused' for domestic or drinking purposes, whether it be from hydrant,well, cistern or spring. There maybe water-borne disease at any timeof the year, more especially, however during the late summer andautumn months.This Board has no information tosuspect such disease or diseases presently, yet it realizes such possibility, and the object of this notice is toprotect the public against any danger from this source.Don't be unfair and say you havefnever seen nor heard of this notice.The quickest means to reach all thepeople is through a city's local papers, hence this communication.Again, WATER-BORNE DISEASESARE ABSOLUTELY PREVENTEDBY BOILING WATER. Will youneed this admonition or will you wilfully or negligently pursue the eventtenor of your way and regard thisNotice as worthless? It is up to you.Antiques in furniture may be allright. In milldams they are dangerous, and this Board so condemns.Changes in treatment of the watersupply have been recently suggestedand are now in operation.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer. .By Order of City Board of Health.'Ea jsa sAn ordinary man has only one wayto make money and about 649,000ways to spend money. And then hewonders why he is poor.0il StockFOR SALEWe have for sale a limited numberof shares ofOil StockAt $1.00 Per ShareOne of the best companies in the field. Acreage inLee, Estill and Tennessee, in proven territory.If interested, addressTHE WINCHESTER SUNWINCHESTER, KY.Summer FootwearMcCLINTOCK.The funeral and burial of Sergrt.Alexander McClintock, who died inNew York by his own hand, was heldin Lexington, Wednesday afternoonat 4:30 o'clock at the Christ ChurchCathedral, with services conducted byRev. Lewis W. Burton, Bishop of theLexington Diocese.The funeral partook of a militarynature, the casket being draped witha large United State?, flag. The pallbearers were six army officers, Capt.Justin W. Hardin, Capt. F. W. Hershler, Lieut. C. D. Hakes, Lieut. LylseC. Braund, Lieut. William Tlarxsonand Lieut. W. B. Talbert, Jr. Aplatoon of thirty-two soldiers fromCamp Buell, at Lexington, undercommand of Lieut." W. C. Kilmer, infull military dress, followed the casket. 'At the grave the casket, borne bythe United States officers, was borne"between the two lines of soldiers,who stood at attention while it washeing lowered into the grave. When'the casket was finally at rest thebuglar sounded '.'taps" and theplatoon of soldiers with their officerssaluted and dispersed.m w mi m iAPPOINTED ASSISTANT PHYSICIAN.Dr. Ldyia Pogue, of this city,who has been on duty for severalmonths in the Contagious Department of the General Hospital;-at Cincinnati, has been selected by the Hospital authorities for the position ofAsaistant Physician at LongviewHospital, the Cincinnati institutionwhich corresponds to the 'Eastern;Kentucky Hospital for" the Insane, atLexington. Dr. Pogue is a graduateof the Cincinnati Presbyterian Hosrpital, and a woman who has had" alarge and varied experience r in-the I J'Jpractice l of her profession.,: ' x -AJSPECIALSThat Will Crowd Every Department This Week.The volume of business transacted by our buying staffmakes our chain of stores the peer of all in bargain giving.White Shoes, Oxfords and Pumpsincluded in this sale at prices less than the cost of making!5S "JjfTVNEvery Department is aBargainCenter !fosp S.2&&-Ladies' mostbeautiful Grav.j Mahogany, JanBlack and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.ItkA-GtiiLadies' Canvas Boots and Pump3 dj-T A Aat T iLadies1 Black Kid English Oxfords jo QQ.$3.95..$2.49Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots and OxfordsLadies' Black Kid- PumpsMen's Tan and Black Shoes and 3fQOxfords, good makes $JtSJMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and ttl AAOxfords, Walk-Over $D.UUMen's Gun Metal Button yf 0and Lace Shoes ;......$.4JJBoys' Gun Metal Lace and 1 aaButton Shoes fl.VVMen's Tan Scouts o o jat t $Z.Z4DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere eauty anfi EconomyReignj -Jnammmmmmmmmmmmmimmmfi ay!t2j