' ' . , v ,. -... ini IDDHKI kiruct1yv,' tfVk.-r'fc"u;iWmrK.i...'v'f 5i7JWJ8fcfcfPUBLISHEDEVEBV TUESDAYfcVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1IW??mm mlmtem. ST wTw - w.' )P Atf "? WW .t3 ' V M ' - a, m, m m- i-'fi-jitSxrhta', rTl ' r ti. k"" "TTT' " . JkVCTiZv - v ;..-!- - .- T -"'$"A -&TTh A W .m . ranlH 4m m. . ' ' ii ' . i - - -?JB0UB30N CIECUIT COURTJudge Robert I. Stout reconvenedthe Bourbon Circuit Court, Wednesday, and empanelled a special grandjury to inquire into the jases of threemen imprisoned in the Paris jail foralleged offenses. Indictments werereturned in open court against hemen, and the jury was discharged.The grand jury was composed of tnefollowing: Charles N. Pithian, foreman; Ed. Ingles, Sanford Carpenter,Ed. F. Prichard, -Chas. Green, AshtonGilkey, Charlton Clay, Luther Rice,Wjm. Saunders, Julian Frank, LucienTerrill and John Maher. Tlie Courtcalled the roll of attroneys fpr motions and orders.The Court then proceeded with thecall of the ordinary appearance docket and handed down decisions in thfollowing divorce cases: Anna D.Baker vs. George Baker, Addie Biddie vs. Harvey Biddle, Queenie Johnson vs. Eddie Johnson. The cases of'the Commonwealth vs. Sam Sherman,under indictment for obtainingmoney under false pretenses and Dillard Haley, shooting at another withintent to kill, were assigned for trialon next Monday, the seventh day ofthe term. The Court to-morrow willbear the Jmotion and ground for anew trial in the case of Commonwealth, vs. Oscar Johnson, confined inthe Paris jail under a death penaltyfor the murder of William Rice.Wl HOLD-PASHIONEB TURKEY DINNER AT CROSDALE'S HOTELCrosdale Hotel will on Sunday, November 17, from 5:30 to 7:30 p. m.,serve one of those old-fashioned Kentucky dinners for which the State isfamous. Price, 50c. tGEO. H. CROSDALE, Prop.(15-lt)131 TBI THlAN EXCELLENT MOVE.At the suggestion of the KentuckyState Council of Defense, it is likelyvery soon, that business organizations and' stores will voluntarilyagree to a business day beginning atS:00 a. m. and ending at 5:00 p. m.,in the interest of the conservation offuel. Tha will give a day of ninehours, which, at this time of yearought to be sufficient for most business at least. It will give the working man a chance, to get acquaintedwith his family, his friends and theoutside world. Let's have it by allmeans for all work and no' rest andno recitation is w'hat creates somediscontent and makes nifere maiujuslave instead of a 'human being "witha capacity for enjoyment.RED CROSS TEA ROOM.The Red Cross Tea Room' will hayeto be enlarged to twice its present dimensions if another "Peace Supper,"or other equally delightful eventshould happen there. Not one-halfof the crowd, that came to the doorsWednesday nigh,t could be accommodated, save by "taking turns," andeven, then those who were so fortunate as to get in on the first serving were loath to come away, andlingered on with memories of the delicious repast still .fresh in theirminds. "Wilhelmthe Fig" came to'an ignominious end, but, unlike hisPrussian namesake, he served a farworthier purpose and did good instead of,evil.The menu for to-day is as follows :Baked hen, cheesed potatoes, baked'apples, hot rolls, cauliflower, 50c;sponge cake with egg sauce, 15c;pujrnpkin p'ie, 10c; Perfection salad,15c.The thanks )f the young ladieswho had charge of the Room lastweek are extended through THENEWS to the following good friendsfor contributions to the larder: Mr.Robert Gilkey, Mr. James Fisher,Mrs. Jasper Offutt, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, Mrs W. T. Buckner, Mrs. W.K. Griffith, Mrs. Louis Rogers, Mrs.Charles Wilmoth, Dr. J. A. Wilson,Mr. Charlton Clay, Mrs. Lida Conway, Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, Mrs. B. B.Marsh, Mrs. Gus Margolen, Mrs.Frederick Wallis, Miss Mary Woodford, Mr. Lawrence Horton, Mrs. ,M.I Peale. Collier, Miss Rachel Wiggins,Ttfrs. Kate Wilson, Mrs. O. L. Steele,Miss Sallie Smith. ,INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in the'barn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.1 fe ?aBELGIUM WANTS RETURSTATUS OF 1839.WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. The Belgian Legation, in an official statement announced that Belgium nolonger will submit to a status of""guaranteed neutrality" like thatwhich existed before the war. It aspires to "complete independence; tothe rights copnmon to all peoples."A return to "the status quo of1839," the statement said, will entaila perpetual intrusion by Germanyupon the domestic life of the nationand create a situation "intolerable topublic opinion and certain to cause-serious difficulties."FRANK&CO.LADIES5 OUTFITTERSiv.BIGREDUCTIONSt. A.-INjg-SVITSt! .--J-sr-I4 . iFRANK & CO.Ladies' outfitersi,'i-t c"UJHTED WAR WOEK CAMPAIGNPEOOBESSING STEADILY. 'Earnestness of purpose and deepspirit of gratitude for peace hasmarked the work- of the solicitors engaged in the United War- Workerscampaign in this city .nd county, intheir efforts to raise Bourbon's quotaof $52,000 and it is safe to.say thatthe amount, and perhaps more, faMDe raised by the end -of , the. week.'complying with the Health, Boardregulations no public- meetings Have'Deen neia, hut the solicitiors' and -thevarious committees -acting -in unisonthroughout the city and -county hayegone to work with a will and.a deterpnination that will prove to the boyson the other side of the ocean, nowthat they have done their .part, tthatthey are not to be deserted "by .thefolks at homer -All the teams were in ne workingshape yesterday and made their presence known in all parts of the county. The people realized, without exceptionthat the army and navy muststill be supported. They know t thatthe days of idleness and inactivitywith ther keen edge of fighting andthe excitement of war removed willbe mucti. harder for the soldiers fthan.the actual warfare, and that this isa time when morale is needed asmuch or more than ever. ,It is uprto Jme jluiks ai nopne to provide themeans, and the good people, of feourbon county are going to "respond inno uncertain way. ' ,The campaign to raise this (fundfor the comfort and welfare of theboys in France and in the camps inthis country is a mighty step forward, because it makes, us a Unitedpeople athome more than any friovement in American history., By thisUnited War campaign of all our "people for the boys overseas and at thecajmps we translate into civil lifewhat we so plainly see in the campsvand at the front. Catholics'. Pro-Tn I testants, Jews and Gentiles training" Itnp'At'ho'r n Ko crnnrl anil offlMont oldiers, standing side by side n. thesame trenches, going over the sametop, fighting with the Boches and together shedding their blood and dying under the same flag and for thesame cause and the same love appeals to the best that is in us. TheUnited War Work drive is approvedby all true Americans and it will bea glorious success. After the war wewill be truly a united people, oursoldiers now in the army and' at thefront are one. Liberty and union arenow one and inseparable, 'forever.We are on the last lap of the United War Work campaign drive. Onaccount of unforseen jconditions, thefinal days of th'e campaign will bethe most important ot all.First: The coming of peace bringsgreat responsibilities. The pages ofhistoryarefilled with'bitterysjimples'which prove that the recbi3fnit1onperiod following bloody warfare maybe even more dangerous to the life ofa nation than the period of actualstrife.Dr. John "R. Mott, of New York,director general of the campaign,.says, "The period of . demobilizationmust not be a period of demoraliza-ition."The American troops cannot bebrought home under two years. Thisis the statement of army and navyofficials During that tijme our boysover there and over here must be furnished the right sort of diversion tocounteract the temptations which go Iwith the dull monotony of army andnavy life in peace times.Second: The influenza epidemichas prevented the carrying out of extensive plans to have prominentspeakers address the people in everysection of Kentucky. In some placeswhere the ban is lifted public meetings will be held. But in the main, Jthe workers will depend upon thenewspapers largely to spread thegospel of increased subscriptions somuch needed for our boys.A proclamation was issued Wednesday by Governor Stanley calling onthe people of Kentucky to subscribeto the United War Workers' campaign fund. He believes that the organizations to be benefitted by thefund will be more urgently needed bythe boys "over there during Themonths that are to follow than atany tipne during the war.The colored people of the city andcounty have not been inactive inthe campaign, and under the direction of their leader, Prof. F. M.Wood, principal of the Western HighSchool, they have raised quite a largesum for the fund. Owing to the factthat the returns have been coming inslowly and the tabulations beingmade at night, THE NEWS was unable last night to get the total sumraised in the city and county by thesolicitors.Not to be outdone in the matter ofenthusiasm theJVictory Girls who areworking in the" campaign had an automobile parade Wednesday afternoon, with a large number of ..decorated machines in line. These machines, filled with cheering girls, rodeup Main street and back severaltimes, making their presence knownand why they were there. The Victory Girls up to yesterday had secured 225 pledges in the city, netting the sum of $1,162. Inr thecounty they secured 32 pledges, witha total of $160.50. Many of the committees had not reported. Bourbon'squota for the Victory Girls in thiscampaign was placed at- 510 pledges Iwit&a-total of ? 2,500 to be raised astheir contribution to the work. Todate they "have secured 257 pledges,representing a total of $1,322.50.Any girls desiring to join- in thework can do so by seeing Miss Elizabeth Crutcher.There'had been twenty-seven members enlisted in the "Three HundredDollar "Club" upto lastnight. -A ' smooth: talker wobksSCHEME ON PAEIS PEOPLEFrom the days of old, when the oldtime prophets worked alt kinds ofJ skin games on the unlearned and sipi-Pie people of that time u$ to the more'enlightened" days of the present,the smooth-tongued "persuader" hasalways managedo make a handsomeliving without work.This inclination,, coupled with agood appearance, a smooth -tongue,and a similarity of names, led to several Bourbon county people partingwith a considerable amount of readycash and "checks "for large amountsnot long ago. Perhaps Paris peopleftnay remember a smooth-tongued,well-dressed man of prepossessing appearance, who came to Paris sometime ago, accompanied -in a swelllooking automobile by a nattilydressed colored chauffeur. The stranger announced' with a flouiish thathe was here for the purpose of sellingstock in a motor car company, whosename i similar to a well-known cigarette concern doing business inVirginia. He gave demonstrations ofthe car on the public square and succeeded in interesting a number ofParis people in the machine. Incidentally he was empowered to disposedentally, he was empower to disposeof a few shares of gilt-edged stock inthe concern. This he gave out in anoff-handed way, in fact, in a kind of' Well-I-don't-have-to-do-this - for-a-livmg"kind of way. And therebyhangs the tale of woe for his victims.In the course of his investigationsthe smooth stranger learned who theauto devotees in the city of Pariswere and proceeded to look them upfor purposes of his own. One of them,tne first one he approached, a prosous farmer who had moved to townto do his farming, was told of thegreat thing the auto salesman had,and after a long interval of pro-and-conargumentsln which everything'was demonstrated to the advantageof all parties concerned, 'he producedhiSv check book and invested in thestock of the concern to the extent of$1,200. Mr. Stranger pocketed thecheck, turned over its equivalent instock, and departed, for the next victipn. Prospect No. 2 was this time awoman, one who was and is also adevotee of the go-as-fast-as-lightningmachines. The seductiVe propositionwas unfolded in all its alluring lightsto her, and as before, the argumentwas hard to resist, the result beingthat the sum of $600, with more tofollow, on an investment of $2,500,passed into the stranger's hands, andhcagain departed, with tb.at "Oh,but isn't it the glorious feeling!"Some time after his departure theinvestors thought to examine theircertificates of stock, and found totheir dismay that they had purchased"a"block of stock in a concern of almost the same napne, doing businessin the same1 town, but which Jiad become insolvent and had gone out ofbusiness. Mr. Stranger didn't iftinda little thing like that. The similarity of names was just to his hand,and, with the check and cash tuckedsecurely away in his pocket, he andhis colored chauffeur hied themsehesaway, with the proud satisfaction ofhaving proved the truth of oldPhineas T. Barnum's now well-wornadage, "The American public likes tobe humbugged."The farmer, who was the first vietijm of the stranger's smooth arguments, in the hope of recovering onhis investment, engaged the servicesof a detective agency, and efforts arebeing made to apprehend the artistwho trimmed him to the extent ofof $1,200. It was learned that thesame man had been working Fayettecounty with good results. The, victims in each instance, rather thanface the inevitable publicity attendant on these little affairs, kept silent and submitted to the touch, ofartist, who was a thoroughbred inevery line and a most accomplished(master of the art of coaxing moneyby the confidence game route. -If hehad remained in Paris until the United War Workers' campaign this week,the campaign would have lasted but"a short time.THE NEWS learned yesterday thatMr. Stranger took toll financially incity and county to the amount of$25,000, which went into his pocketin the shape of checks and cash, inreturn for his gilt-edged stock in aconcern that washout of business. Healso touched up Fayette folks forabout $30,000.fa i faGET YOUR WINTER SUPPLY OPCOAL WHILE IT CAN BE HADWe have just received a big shipment of lump coal and can now fillyour orders without delay.,(1) JAS. S. WILSON & BRO.BIG SPECIAL POR THIS WEEK. -;Big special for this week smokeless shells) $1.0'0 per box.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.1S5 B3 IBS iCHRISTMAS BOXES POR THE SOLBIERS OVERSEAS.'-W "THE SERVICE OP THBIRN COTJHTRY. jseas in. June. The body waa iKtarrin France and will be brourkfto Paris some time in the futur.. .Sergt. Edwin K. ThopiasK Jr.Fithian Rye, of '"Paris, who is amember of the Students' Army Training uorps at uamp Buell, near Lexington, is improving after an attackof the Spanisb. influenza. 'Raymond Connell, of Paris, whohas been ill- with influneza at the-of Hon. Claude M. Thomas, of Partaiwhft "has hppn ntttmHiTisr f!Tf2iV Cnliz TT"r7- ;r. ilege, at Danville, has gone to Cam.trordon, near Atlanta, Georgia, wkrthe will enter the Officers' TraimiCCorps. Center College was calkNft ojkby the Government to furnish 'twoof its best young men for adTnteaiomto the training course at Camp Gordon. Sergt. Thomas was the first Si-lotfirkTft XXa TO n v?Aiiin vma-w . i in n hlT?17pi"' H ? Bnen. , prose. an rtrtStot i-TSfact that he was one of the two mealselected reflects great credit on thWhen you receive, your Christmaslabel call for your box at 'the RedCross headquarters, corner of t Mainand Broadway, on the first floor ofBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo. Packages will not be acceptedafter November 20.List of suggestive articles: Knitted xso6ks: khaki handkerchiefs,watches, dictionaries (French-American)knives, toothpastef shavingsoap, tooth brushes, pipes, tobacco,cigarettes cigars, snapshots, chewinggum, chocolate bars. All candiesmust be. hard, and put in tin boxesor oil ftaper or tin foil.MISS.REBA'LOCKHART,Chairman ChristmasBoxes OverseasTu-cai juexiuKuun. was renortert v-terday as being greatly improved.Mr. Connell is in the Students Training Corps.'Private Carl Lenox, who is stationed in a Southern army camp, hasarrived in Paris for a visit to hisgood judgment of those who had thdeciding voice in the matter.Dr. J. M. Williams, of Paria, hareceived a letter from hlsi nephew,Capt. John J: Bethurum, ot Somec-parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Lenox, ofiv- .: "l"" Wi- auuZ'to Tnnv aavolBC' xv' wiiuea xju nance Oft Uf-Pleasant street. Private Lenox savsthe boys in the camp were greatlypleased to hear the peace 'tidings,and celebrated it in a fitting manner.Judge Chas. A. McMillan, Chairman of the Bourbon County DraftBoard, has been officially notifiedthat no (more questionnaires are to besent to men between the ages of 37and 45 years, but that registrantseighteen years old will receive theirquestionnaires and be classified. AlllODer . rne letter details in mmost interesting way his experieiceon the field of battle and incidentspertaining to the war. At the cornelusion of his letter, which was a.'very lengthy one, Capt. Bethurunxstated: "I would like to tell jqvlwhere I am, but cannot. However, Xhave seen Metz without thejdd offield glasses. I have recently Jteenpromoted to the position of secretarsrof the General Staff of the Seventh.THiricfnTi Tf IruYlrc ot fhia wt-iHtiot fmon hatiiman -ftArv-ir...eor7 jjri... . - -""" wwvTr&CiX VUO AKCB UL I HjIIIJ 4.1 '. i-F -f-Hfk -ixr.lt. ic nntniTlir n a nluia o-nrTa close,I sincerely hope and pray that It is.'Carl Mitchell, of the U. S; Navy, isat home on a furlough, to visit relatives. Mitchell is stationed on the U.who have received questionnaires willwjl ue required lo nave tnem niiea.Dr. A. H. Keller, of Paris, who hasbeen stationed at the Emergency Hosnital at Nitrn. Wpat. Va -0710 iaU. S. Government maintains an im-,s- s- suth Ca9lin' A"antic wmensevmunitions plant, has been ' ters He the Kentucky boys are,transferred to Clothier, West Va I accoullted the test sailors on thtemporarily.' Dr. Keller's co-worker! vessels, and that they could give -aaDr. E. 'J. Wells, is in Cynthiana on a excellent account of themselves invisit to relatives. Dr. Keller -savs scrap- Asked about the Paris boyi ha-TTpntnpfcir ic enfold f, mn said it was nis understanding xnaxof the world, judging by what he hasseen of West Virginia,'Sergt, Allen Cooke, of Middlesboro.was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday.Sergt. Cooke was en route home fromuamp Buell, in Lexington, on a fur-Ed. Fitzpatrick, Ed. Doty and W O..Pennington were in either Russian orFrench waters outboard TJ. S. patrolships. Others were scattered tnrough.the various ships of the Atlantic flettMitchell is in the engineering department. From his personal appearanceUhe life is agreeing with him. Helongh. He is bugler for his company lal iff ? Jl5ifr J?.:" x -"Trand is also a member of the band. He uCf , u tL JrtiTsays he hopes to get to France even ps acUng as convoys to troop shipa.if the war is over. Sergt. Cooke -stated that letters from home indi-, Mrs. Thomas Taul, of Paris, hacated an abatement of the inflenza' received notice through the 1B.&&throughout he mountain section of Cross Society that her daughter. Missthe State. jMary K. Stone, formerly of -this cifyv4 fi recently underwent an operation for;Mr. Henry Mahorney, of near appendicitis in the TJ. S. Base Hoe-Ruddles Mills, thiscounty, received a pital, in England. Miss Stone is'ometelegram from the War Department of the nurses who accompanied thbat Washington, notifying him of the Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40 to Em;death in France of his son, Private land several months ago A letterJames H. Mahorney. The telegram from Miss Stone to her sister, Mr.was signed by Adjutant-General' Dr. Terwilliger, was published 4a aHarris and stated that young Ma- late issue of THE NEWS. In the re?horney died o wounds sustained in port sent to Mrs, Tfeul by the Ajaeribattle on October 3. Mahorney was can Red Cross, it was stated: "Miaa member of the Bourb&n county con- Stone deems to be as4 comfortable aadtingent that went to Camp Zachary as happy as circumstances will parTaylor last April, and was sent over- Continued on Page 4.):iKlWE KNOW HOWPREVENTCOLDSBy Wearing -DUOPOLDUNDERWEARAKa aIIThe layer of soft cotton on the inside is soothing to the skin. The- layer offine wool on the outside is warm and can'titch. .The outside absorbs moisture fromthe inside cotton and drys it. It keeps thegarment always fresh and dry never f eejswet or sticky, like an all-cotton suit.,DUOFOLDProvides Warmth, Comfortand Health.41you.Come in and we will gladly show.Union Suits and Separate GarmentslV.I1KIIII1I11KIIKIXIKtXX". XI. xIXIX!1MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesNettleton ShoesMManhattan Shirts jStetson Hats ' xj'A1 5CSS?.asSr.aASsK.".5BirjteS5..:3E.".SBjK"fiaHK?.BMr: y , rtrS ,T .tLiiai2 M""tiiJt?irjV"s!s3,fA'22&?. mtA, -vv, k . ',fflifr x ;,' -i ; t.j.swr .'j -r -.. - , -k Yl. ,"WKX : jto JC' ". Efc.fcMBtak- JtSi . -. ,.- . -T- -.'ftKTi Vi'T " i. -. ., .-. V, X J, .. ,a aia 1 --! , . - , -- - t.3PAGE TWOf . t.,'THE EOJTRy" NEWS, PAEIS, XJSJTUCKYPBIDAY; NOVEMBER 15, 191guaiitiv31 SOURBONJEWSbed 18Sl-36 Tears of Coilturnout PtAlication ,PiWished Every Tuesday and FridayPar Yar..$2.00 6 Months. ,.$1.00Payable in Adavance. -CHAMP, Editor and- Owner,XBitrrni at the Paris, .Kentucky,'jJaatoffice as Mail Matter of the' goatfoa Class.)AayHKroneous reflection upbnN thertfriiWtVr standing or reputation ofmm parson firm or corporation whichsay appear in the .column a of THEjKKZ&BON NEWS will be gladly coc-if brought to attention or. tne''ADVERTISING RATESBfaplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlick for first time; 50-cents per inchSjfeW sabeequent insertion. 'ia4ing "Notices, 10 cnU per linetaafciseue; reading notices in blackttift, 29 cents perllne, each issue.Girda 'of thanks, calls on candilai, obituaries and resolutions, andfjllarttatter, 10 -cents per line.TNpnaToT rates'- lor large advertiseMais' and yearly contracts.-j:it1ia,rrigh$ Of publisher is reseivedtatfecUoe any advertisement or otherAlter for- publication. "Announcements for political officesmmt invariably be accompanied tytfee cash.V'- This paper has enlistedlriththe government in theIfeatjse of America for theperiod of the war - --EDITORIAL MUSINGS.;, (k'SprteNot Tin Horns!Ifcjseems almqst.irreUgjtpus to comkb Christmas giving wih some,qkorKfonn&.- -But -in one j)4ts -formstkd4nstitution hardly reaches a high-r;plane. Smith treats Jones., because Jj&jttas.Tnet nim ton. the sidewalk ;andjjrats "shpw that he feels -friendly.- Jfjaher. of them wants drink., JonesXjuxl buys. back eo.show, that he isntLgently requested that business men- -wfifiirr" Thon Qrr?tVi Viira fri cVirt-nr rT' " 3 .. j t 2x A -.aitightwad. Then Smith buys to showtfcat he didn't buy the: first drink.just$n i;get one in return. So Jones buysreciprocate. Brown.walks in and,being aregubir, he has met SmithJifcere before. 13o he buys for thecawd -and. then, each of the other,Jfcptcfehuy. Reciprocity again. Andiiken it's Brown's turn.TJiis isn't a, lecture pn ..prohibition,-t on expenditure. The flood of.chemical fluid that Smith, Jones andzrown pour into -themselves -may notj&ujct-them, but it wastes their moneyaod Ogives nem. no funf They allJmLOfirj they don't wantdt, but they-9feai:, topShow they aren't, tightwads...Cnristjmas presents given for. thejaaBpurposeare ad$secration of thej-aKsftft-itipn. The motive is a selfish,ao to start with. Let us give to imiSpart pleasure. The United States Govfcrnment is our warrant for it. .ijiirorld-war may dethrone fgs? -butlit cannot dethrone the King of Kings.Dynasties are for. an epoch but the,ctrine andspirit of nChristmas"areioe eternity, aad the, Government haslbC planned to abolish the indejrfltrutblelH - ,Uf It hsjSrmereJy told us to buy what..,;$ other fellow needs. .. He can't feeliaeulted if we give him an order on aIsoalt clothing store for a new hat, for&'iDown Goes TheHigh Cost of Living'IIfarftlen's Big Specials of-.Fresh Home-Killed Meats' For Friday and Saturday.Per Lb.Lwa, 5 and 10-lb buckets. . . .27cfa Country Bacon .35cBoric C hops .' . . .735c;lBorfc Roast :....J.v35cfltoand Steak..,..: 35cjn&t&k v. ..... ... . . . ;. . ; .350SimnglAmBrhihd quarters, :35curuug xjluu, xure quarters, .oweBoire Pork Sausager .v 35ce4, Hams, 10 to 12 lbs. ..35cm ( -- 4Ar.lBacon:....:...45c.Jbwls for Greeni. 25cSawtary Mm Market3"aanitf.H.lfcVT31Sd& "Hc- 4 ' j ". 4.HfiWLEM'She can.aaily gi$jfevgby 4nsujin;us with.0rdegjefjjJh6$stdres fora pair "of ewshioesr 'a&we can all benentgbod old' Paris bybuying right here in town. Keep the"old place going. When the boyte comehome from overseas, which may notbe so very long, off, they won't wntto see strange .names ,over any of thestores. Show them that we all did,business at the old stands while theywent to-insure the safety of ourhomes. And do your buying now.Don't let us have any overworkedstore clerks Jn Paris -during the greatest of all festivals.Better HLa.il ServiceAt the beginning of. the war thePostoffice Department announced itsopposition to any curtailment or restriction of the postal service, and inthe face of adverse conditions hasendeavored to -maintain' this policy.The disarrangement of traffic conditions throughQuthe country ;ncidenjtto war is io -doubt generally recognized, but it is felt that if jme feature is brought clearly, to, the attention of the business world much benefit will result to all.At present it is the practice ofmany business men and firms to holdpractically all outgoing mail until thelate afternoon or eaflyLevening'hours.This necessitates the facing, cancellation, distribution, pouching and dispatching of from sixty to eighty percent of all outgoing matter within aperiod of three or four hours. It isapparent that if this work could be"distributed over twelve or fourteenhours not only would it be handledwith greater facility, but its dispatch would be.hastened many hours..Realizing fully the losses and inconvenience which' may result to business men and other patrons "becauseof delayed mails, the Department isutilizing every available facility andstraining every nerve to gender. thebest servicer possible in the circumstances It is believed that the business men of the country can be ofinvaluable assistance in meeting thesituation, with little or no additionalexpense to themselves, by makingscpne slight changes in their dailyroutine. Obviously it is of the utmost importance that letters be posted promptly, to'secure their dispatchon the first scheduled train, as failure 'to ,make a .connection is, nowmuch more serious1 than in normaltimes and might result in a delay indelivery of twenty-four hours ormore.Attention is invited to the advisability of signing and preparing fordispatch all letters arid other mailaccumulating r up to noon,v said o'fmailing them at that time; thus aconsiderableMa.uantity would be intransit to destination before the closeof the.buslness day.In view of the foregoing, it is urconsiaer ine great aavamage to Degained Ty both the Department andthe public if they will adopt the practice of depositing their mail in thepostoffice or street, collection boxesnot only earlier in the .day birt as frequently as may be feasible. It wouldalso .tend to relieve congestion andfacilitate the handling and dispatchof .the mails if heavy mailers wouldmake it a regular practice to iaveall letter and circular "mail, as wellas catalogues, pamphlets, circulars,etc., bearing uncanceled stamps properly faced for cancellation, with theshort and long letters separated.The Postoffice Department desiresto emphasize the fact tbht it is noturging this action as an economicalmeasure, but for the purpose of meeting, as far as possible, the presentcomplicated situation incident to waractivities.Fuel andPower.The world is thinking and talkingabout coal, and in the reconstructionplans with reference to power thathave been developed in England, "givea gooddeal of attention to the needof electrical energy to supplant steamin industry, and in consequence cutdown the consumption of coal. Thebest minds in the United States areagreed that the transmission of powerby electricity from central generatingplants will solve not only the coalmining problems, but the excessivedemand .for transportation will alsobe lessened thereby. -England is actually perfecting plans which will 'supercede the present inefficient system of furnishing power through acomprehensive system which will divide the Kingdom into sixteen districts, instead of six hundred, as atpresent; and in each of the districtsthere will be a recognized authorityto deal with all the problems of generation and distribution. A similarprocess has been suggested by theSmithsonian Institution, and if willseek to cerate centers or sites in theUnitedNStates siutable for electricgyrating purposes in order to sim-jMrrilify distribution. The plan is todevelop electro-chemical processes inclose proximity to power plants. Ifthe new plans carry through it willnot be many years before the greaterpart' of the coal utilized for powerpurposes will be burned near where itis mined.When private ownership adjustsitself to public control, as officiallyurged in England, it will be entirelypossible to bring about an amalgamation of existing power companies."hThe British report defines how company and municipal plants can ppe--rateon entirely independent plainsthroughthe aid of Federal agenciesthat will be helpful to both of them.RestinRcCopynerce.- sThe United States wks.eoniaerablyCounty Food AdminiitrtionV Fair Price List.- ; L if ; 'Eetailerjheat Flour, l2Ub. bagparley Flour, i2flbvbag .Rye Flour-, J2-lb. bag .T .Corn Flour' yRice-Flour . . . . . . . .Corn Meal, bulkVictory Bread, 16-oz . . 08 ......... . . . . .10 to 10Rolled Oatsv 22 oz. packaged. .. ..10j.'. ."... A .. T. ..13ytol5Rice,' unbroken . r .. j. ' 12 .. .. ".-..... . i . . ..14 to 16Hominy 05 . . :. T. .. ..."". ..06 to 06Sugar, Granulated . .-. t . . .,. . .9 .. . . . . . .1 .cent, per lb. over costBeans, Navy . v. .. 12 ....-.,..:. ., 15 to 16Beans, colored, . ." . 9 . .r .. . '. 12 torl3Potatoes, per peck . . .1 . .4 . . .... 38 , f;.. ; . . '. . . . ... .. 50 to 55Onions, per lb . . .' .OX . '.-. . . . . . . . . . .04" to 05Raisins, per 16-oz. package ;13 .. ..... .. .- 17 tp 18Prunes, "medium size .' 15; . . . " . . ..-.-:' 20 to,21Canned Tomatoes, No.. 2 . . . . '. . . . 13 H . -v. 17 to. 18Canned Corn, No. 2 15 ....... . . ., .... .. .". ...20 to 21Canned Peas, JSTo. 2 . . ...:. . .. . ..-15 .. .'.; f 20 to 21Canned SaRnon, No. 1, pink . .v . . . . 19 . . 1 . . . i . ; . . . ,.'.:.'. . 25 to" 28Canned Salmon, NoM, red ..... r.33. . . . . . .;. . ,. ..... 38t.to 40Evaporated Milk, small . . . . i . ..06 . . . ,. A . . '. . 07 to 08Evaporated Milk, large ,. . . ., .M2 . . . . ..:'..'-:.. . . ,15 to 16Oleomargerine .....; .32 N . .- . . . . . .37, to .38Eggs :. .. .. ..45' v.v- j7,to,58Cheese .. 29 ....... .x . . .... v, 35 to 36Lard T 4 . . .;. 30 , 34 to 35Breakfast Bacon, Sliced .. .- .....51 .. .. '.. .,65 to 68Dried Peaches, Choice. . .. ..'... ..15.. .. '. . .v., 20" to 21Dromedary Dates ... . .. . .. . . .20 '. 27o 29" Save Food. "Wste nothing. Our Allies are still in need. Report allviolations of the above prices. 8 'x L.D. MITCHEIiL, iv Bourbon County Fqdn Administrator.more than a hundred years old beforethe first act to regulate commerce wasapproved. The Interstate CommerceCommission came into existence as anauthoritative body only a dozen yearsago, and interstate traffic was "handled with care" up to less than a yearago, when the Government took "overJ the railroads. Strangely enough alltraffic transportation wholly withina single tate is exempted from theplan provided for in the operation, ofthe Interstate Commerce Commission.In conse.quence, the forty-eight varieties of supervision and control thatMr. McAdoo's organization thought itnecessary to get away from in operating the railroads still generates thepolicies for all the "electrical transmission and power companies in theUnited States. This would not jbe animpossible condition were it not forthe further fact that within eachState every community has its ownprocesses in dealing with -the destinies of the transportation companies.The Sleepless JVheels.Thinking in millions, (of. men)costsus no effort now. When the administration gave 'notice that a million men had crossed'the Atlantic weexperienced a Variety of thrills. Thenwe got used to the idea, and the newsof 2,000,00Q left us tranquil.When we learned that a7 large partof our contingent were noncombat-ants certain oversensitive people felta degree of mortification. The starspangled' feeling was cooling off.These oversensitive ones 'wouldfeel jmore chesty if they could see thenonombatants at work. Less than ayear ago there, was an unreclaimedswamp 'near a French port. YourUncle Sam has drained it, covered itwith a series of workshops biggerthan the Capitol at Washington, andout of it he throws high caliber gunslike sausages out of Chicago. Hestacks machine guns on freightcars 4ike an elevator vomiting grain,and away they go to the f rant. Andmanyjof his larger guns containabout 8,000 parts. "In another "he found workmenquarrying by hand L to 'prepare concrete roads to the trenches. He installed mechanical excavators, and onthe fourth day was' loading cars asfast as they could be hauled. ,Up and down France he is buidlingPittsburgs and Bethlehems 'fromwhich Pershing; draws Tiis supplies ina ceaseless, flood. And in t the Kruppworks at Essen where exhausted serfstoil vainly to keep up the pace, theyare learning from hipi wliat a realwar is like. -"Tha-Strain of War.""The whole structure ,of the franchise relationship between electricrailways and the various communities has .broken dowjn under thestrain of the war,"' declared P. H.Gadsen, one of the best authoritiesconnected with war work in Washington in addressing the AmericanElectric Railway Association. Thestreet railway entanglements in allsections of the country have furnished the most difficult and tnVmost interesting problems that haveconfronted the administration of warindustries. The conditions with reference to the rapid increase in cost ofmaterials,, wages, etc., and the decrease in the purchasing power ofthe nickel, have turned the relationsbetween the companies and the com-Trmnit.iprf into &. tnnRv-turw atnf-pGadsdellf in his observedthat he economic laws of supply anddemand when unhampered, havetaken care in a perfectly normal wayof the increased cost tothe consumer. "It fs only in those industrieswhere the public has attempted to fixa just and fair price for; service rendered and where the artificial standard has been substituted forvthe natural one,, that we find this completebreakdown under war conditions," headdedr 'A tabulation representing sixtythree per cent, of the electric mileageof the United States shows availingoff in income of eighty-two per cent.foV the first six months vof 1918 ascompared with the sajme period last!Year. Thft "National War TihnrrBdard lias increased wages in the Industry over ?iuu,uuou,uou a year. -Pays4'Consumer; Paya. ..80 to 83'Kj. . 7 o t.. . . . .r ...i75. . . . . '....80.. ,. .: . . 'i.06 . ,4V-.,...10J4.. .. .. ... .. -..,90 to 9.4...;,. . ... .85 to 88'.V..n.. ..07 Jo 07;. .,12 to 13...046.. .. :..: .. ..05 to 06AMBASSADORS GERARD - WANTS. " KAI$ER EXiRADITED. 'Extradition of former EmperorWilliam, of Germany, from Hollandand his trial, in England on a chargeof murder, tor which he has been indicted there, was urged by James W.Gerard, former "Ambassador to Germany, in an impromptu address before a New York theatre audience.Asking whether a man shall be allowed to .escape who. had "killed somany people that if they werestretched on the ground they wouldform a line almost around the world,"Gerard answered his own questionwith an .emphatic "I shouldsay not.-""There is a treaty between .Holland and England," Gerard declared,"by which they can extradite the former Kaiser, who has been indicted inEngland, and try him before anEnglish Court. I guess we all knowwhat the verdict would be. When thehangman drops the trap he will bedoing away with one of the world'sgreatest, murderers." 'ABOUT CROUP.If .your .children are subject tpcroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that disease,you should procure, a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy ad studythe directions for useso" that in caseof. an attack you yill vknow exactlywhat course to pursue. This is a favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and it is important that youobserve the directions carefully.(adv-nciv)VFOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goodrenair. Also flats of thrifi rnnma nnil-lftwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J. B. NORTHCOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland PJione 833.FOUND"Tn the court-house, a, boys' overcoat, pres'ucmably belonging to one ofthe draftees under examination before the Bourbqh County Draft Board.Owner call at the County Clerk'soffice and prove property.PEARCE PATON.Wanted! ,Stoves, Furniture, Etc."We are in the. market for goodsecond-hand stoves both gas-and coalheaters. Also second-hand furnitureof all descriptions. Will pay cash.If you will have any of the abov,call over Cumberland phone 780."F. B, THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(npvl2.-3t-pd)FOR SALEPure Duroc' gilts. Will sell at reasonable price:E..F. PRICHARD,(tf), Paris, Ky.LOSTi ;' Near. Paris, a, hound bitch, white,'with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L: STEELE, '(29-tf) ?hone 413, Lexington, Ky.WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETH.We pay from $2.00 to 35.00 perset (broken or not.sWe also payactual yalue for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver' and- Bridge-work. Send n'thqnee by parcel post and receive cashMAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,.v Philadelphia,: :Ea.U- (till29novF) -'THE' BST PROOP gVEK BY. paws crnzEir .Doan's Kidney Pills; were 'usedthey broiht benentrThte .story was told to' Parisrresi-xdents.-" "T."l ' -Time' hasr strengthened the , evidence. . jHas proven the result lasting. NThe testimony Pis home testimony.The proof convincing.' -it can be investigated by Parisresidents. vMrs. J. T. Martin, " 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "Kidnejr troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere-ye-y severe, causing me moresuffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that tjme for I suffered awfully.My back-ached and pained until Ithought it would break in twox. Sharptwinges shop through my kidneys andif anyone had hit me in the backwith a,heavy axe it couldn't havehurtworse. In one week after usingDoan's Kidney Pills I felt like a different, woman, or they-fixed me up infine shape. (Statement given February 17, J1908.) 4RESULTS THAT REMAIN. -OnNovember 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havejmaae a cure for me and. it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the Sams' thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo,, Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)- I9i jta m'Another great trouble with thisworld is that it- is easier to talk forfive hours than it is to .listen for fiveminutes.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wooll nMUNICH & WDDES & QO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.X23-tf)For SalePure bred Buff Orpington, pulletsand cokerels, also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626,Executor's Notice!All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateGeorge Rice are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor.-Those having claims against -theestate will please have same pjovenaccording to law and present for payments E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks Executor.PUBLIC SALEOFHorses, Mules, Cattle, Sheep, Hogs and FarmImplements.As I have sold my farm I will sell at my place (known as'N.j Bayle3afarm) two miles from Paris, on Maysville pike, onTuesday, November 26, 19187at 10 o'clock a m. sharp: : . -1 pair 7-year-old black Percheronmares In foal to jack;1 pair 3-year-old black Percherone,well broke;1 half Percheron gelding, 3 years'old; '1 saddle and driving mare, ladybroke, in foal to1 jack;2 pair coming 3-year-old wenmatched mare mules;1 yearling mare mule;1 yearling horse mule;1" weanling mare mule, good;1 race horse, 3 Tears, old;1 '6-year-old Shetland pony;1 yearling Shetland filly;5 extra good milk cows, calves byside;2 red cows;I blackpole .cow, be fresh by dayof sale;5 black long yearling steers, 750pounds;II 'black yearling heifers, 700pounas;8 black calves;6 jersey cows,' fresh;70 3-year-old blackrfaced , ewes,due to lamb March 1;"" -'.2 extra good Southdown bucks ;f,1 sow and 8 pigs;1 sow and 5 pigs; : r5 brood so-gjs, farrow in spring;1 Poland China boar; ' '17 cattle shoats;! '1 Chester white-boar; , i1 Jersey "DuroC hoar; -24shoats;":"4 r c1 Deering jBihder, new; - "fi2 Deering Mowers;r 2 Brinley cultivators;- 1 Bull Rake;1 Black Hawk com planter;1 potato planter, fertilierattachment; i .1 one-horse fertilizer drill; "" .2 tongUeless Randall Harrows;1 60-tooth harrow;1 roller; 2" dpuble-Bhovel plows;1 Bemis Tobacco Setter;3 breaking plows;2 5-shovel plws;ilo- also-reilt about 10 acres 0 fTERMS Made known on day of"1JOHN SAUERiteorTO,: 3. Sieakes "An.cti(accr.. (12-i5t) . . w- r- -'y.oi l Stale.From my farm on the Cane X&kgpiki maar JParfe, a two-year-oM aorrel walking aarer about fifteen hastehigh; one hind leg white h&lf-wur totock; arfqrelieadlighaaloraduiualv um. wui. liioerai rewaraforinformation leading to har recovery.JAS. M. CALDWELI7,Cumberland Phone 616. Parte, Ky, Wanfed--Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the beatprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, ?3.60 per hundred pounds. '' Mixed Iron, ?1.00 p, per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds. i 'v Heavy Cast, ?1.1 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pound3,-Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5- c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pduim.1 Inner Tubes, lie per pounds)Green Salt Hides, 18o;per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 fox No. l's. -Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.'00.Shearlings, $1.50. :We' also purchase old and newfeathers, for wliich we pay tie highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER & SON;Lexington, Ky.sDo, You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes,' based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, . drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the. delicate 'nerves and muscles of the eye3and irreparable injury may result.Our years 6t experience insures ac-curate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.1 potato plow;1 Mitchell two-horse wagon, new;1 two-horse wagon, combinationbed;1 hay frame;1 Studebaker 1-horse wagon;1 Frazier break cart, new;1 good spring wagon;1 runabout buggy;1 drag; 1 wheat fan;6 feed troughs' , , ,' .1 sled; J. corn, shell er;1 .pond scraper;1 Jttorse dipper, new;I'corn crusher;1 grind stone;1 rock bed;1 feed cooker, good;1" No. 9 cream separator;"Lot milk cans, 5 and 8 gallons:1 lafd press; i '1 whitewash spray;1 wiieelbarrqw; N2 crosscut saws; ;2 fence stretchers;75 new. gunny bags;1 set all leather gears, extra good;1 man's- saddle;. "1 l)oys saddled new;1 set break harness; ' r ''u J3T5t Huia. gears;1 extension ladder;'200 'locust posts ; -V'4 barrels salt;.3 barrels linie;.2 iron' mailtel 'pieces;6 ,0 0 0 7stra.wb erry boxes ;;JE:00 fencestays;15'tons baledalfalfa hay (bbraegrowii) ; '17 tons baled mixed hay;V ib2 tons straw; - "- :.1 straw rick; ' " ' i! '3 water troughs; ,1 platfojm scales'; , '1 pair ice hooks;12 hot-bed sashes, with glas3; .Lot chickens, ducks and geese;200 shocks extra good corn, willmake better than barrel' to shock;Pitch forks, tool 9, etc., too numer-.ous to mention.grazing from December 1 to Marchsale. . ' 'East Teanestee Phoie 152' v -Vs.AJF,"Ai -W-i:V.it . t - , .A1 - f n ,"i v-!1;"?;V-'-S.'&, . VifT " ",--t-V 4?.C5,?:-.t -?.v:i-'-nf:A,vi.TrV,i-"-.f'- ':sfrgi'VfJr- RJI - I.'-T 'r jlOv-'iAJ- . r-z -- . V tA v.. ffi'-yKv--.Vs.- slxJ.- ,OTIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1918BOTOBOH' MEWS, PjSLWSVrEMfUCKY'V-S, . . ' :r"SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.wXr- ' w v v ' CTE... . ..- wVVOjtW we be Mm rii 'VCS - MJmg to iwc at jfcew Jio: rm i. ef rtrifeMfcv jpi fceft. rl?rtU. hiltXCfPrivate Elgin Dalzell, Little Rook; '-Training Station, Great Lakes, 111.-died in Naval Hospital, Ehiladelpliia influenza; buried at Paris. 'Navy Yard; pneumonia; buried inNorth Mfddletown. ' - Sergt. Joseph. G. Holt, Paris; died. ,. in. Covington, Ky., Hospital ;vuraemicSergt. Bishop Batterton, Paris; Pdisoning; buried at Paris.died in Base Hospital Fra,np- j.wounded in battle; buried in See. tJlS? -? A2alr' ?tti74. t-. . " -LJt4c "UBpiuu, camp Ziacn-yHuddleston, Pans: ary Taylor. Kv- influx- h,7Corp. Allenaiea at iase Hospital, Camp Zachary Taylor; pneumonia; .buried inParis.Private Harry H.' Chinn, Jr., Jacksonville; died in Base Hospital, CampZachary Taylor; influenza; buried atJacksonville.Private Samuel Robertson, Millersburg; died at sea, on route to Francespneumonia; buried in France.Private Grover Sutler. Paris:died in Base Hospital, Camp Itfeade,at Paris.Private John W. Sergeant, NorthMiddle town; killed in battle inFrance; buried in France.Private Robert Rice, North -Mid-dletown;died in Base Hospital, CampMeade, Md.; influenza; buried inNorth Middletown.Private John Blythe, Paris; diedm Base Hospital, Camp Meade,. Md.;influenza buried in Paris.Maryland: influenza: huriPri nt PariC ""V Ja-"ieb anorney; Kuci. , ' s""jaies Mills; died in Base ilosnitalPrivate Ray Link, Hutchison; died France; wounded in batt buried in"in Naval Hospital, Great Lakes Naval France. ,PUEL ADMINISTRATOR ISSUESNOTICE "LIGHTLESS NIGHTS"Setting aside all previous orderswith regard to "lightless nights" andthe use of fuel for lighting, advertisements, signs, windows and thelike, Wiley. B. Bryan, Federal Fuel'Administrator for Kentuckvissued a new set of regulations, whirwill be as rigidly enforced as thoseeffective during the period of thewar. ,Monday and Tuesdays nights arecontinued as "lightless nights" inthe order, another section of whichspecifically declares the prohibition ofextravagant ,or wasteful use "of fuelfor lighting purposes at any and alltimes.The new regulations, effective atonce, follow:"Section 1. The extravagant orwasteful use of light generated orproduced by the use or consumptionof coal, oil, gas or other fuel forilluminating purposes, in the streets,parks of other public places of anyciy, village or town, or for otheroutdoor illumination, public or private, is hereby prohibited."Section 2 The use of light generated or produced by the use or consumption of coal, oil, gas or otherfuel, for illuminating or displayingadvertisements, announcements orsigns on the exterior ofrany building,or on any billboard, or other structure for the display of advertisements, Icwxuuuiicemeiius or signs, ana tne useof such light for the external ornamentation of any building or structure, or for illuminating or displayingany window in any shop or store,when such, shop or store is not openf for business, shall be entirely discontinued on Monday and Tuesday ofeach weekvjn the Commonwealth ofKentucky; provided, however, thatnothing in this regulation, shall-beconstrued to prohibit the .maintenance" in any shop or window of anvlights required by a State law, or a.mUniClTia.1 Orriirn.TPA friT Tlo nitr-nnco.h&J0t safety."Section 3. Any person violatingor refusing to conform to this regulation shall be liable to the penaltiesprescribed in the aforesaid Act ofCongress.s "W. B. BRYAN,"Federal Fuel Administrator for Kentucky." -ARMY CHAPLAINS NOT TO WEARINSIGNIA.sThe army chaplains are raisingCain because the authorities have ordered that hereafter they shall wearno insignia of their rank, the wordchaplain only appearing on their collars It is the opinion among officers that chaplains can render greater service to the men when , notwearing military insignia as the menaer less aDt to seek spiritual advicefrom one who wears the insignia ofan officer and shows a readier disposition to treat the chaplain as achaplain and not as an officer. Theargument is a good one, but the Joveof authority and display seemsborn with man and retained evenamong those who would teach thegospel of the meek and lowly Nazarine, a fault that they as least shouldnot disclose by their appeal to theauthorities not to make the ruling.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andchildren have returned frqm a week'svisit to her parents, Mr. "and Mrs.J. D. Purcell, in Lexington.Mr. Charles Hough has returned to his home in Tampa, Fla., aftera visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Cisli. .Hough, near Centerville.Mrs. James C. 'Fizer, j)f Mt.Sterling, is a guest of her sister,Mrs. Dan W. Peed, and Mr. Peed,on South Main Street, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Dan W. Peed. MissAnna Eads Peed and Mr. and Mrs.D. Wy Faulconer, of Paris, attendedthe funeral and 'burial of Mrs. D. P.Eubanks, in Lexington.Mr. Harry O'Brien, who has bee'na guest of his brother and sister,James M. O'Brien' and Miss JuliaO'Brien, in this city, for several days,left yesterday for New 'York City.Miss Gertrude Slicer, who hasbeen a guest of her parents rnthiscity for several days, left Wednesday for Watertown, New York) whereshe will resume her duties as Physical .Instructor in the WatertoWhUniversity.THE SICK Mr. M. H. H. Davis,of theBourbon Steam Laundry, wasreported yesterday as being better.Mr. George JT. Davis has been ill athis home on High street for a fewdays, but is improving. Sheriff Wm.G. McClintock, who has be.en a "shutin" for several days, is improving.Squire J. L. Fretwell is confined toihis home on Walker Avenue. Mrs.Charles C. Leer is ill at her home onthe Maysville pike, near Paris. Mr.and Mrs. Amos TurneyJr., who havebeen ill at their home near Paris, ofpneumonia, were reported yesterdayas being greatly improved, and out ofdanger. Miss Julia Lavin is ill. atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. M. J. Lavin, on Walker avenue,threatened with blood poisoning,caused by stepping on a nail.' Mr. N.ord Brent, who' has been seriouslyill at his home on Pleasant street forseveral weeks, is improving. Mrs. J.T. Day and daughter, Mrs. VirgilHarney, of near Paris, are recoveringfrom recent attacks of influenza. Mr.Sweeney Isgrigg, an influenza sufferer, is out after a long siege withthe disease. From his former gigantic proportions he has been reducedto the size- of an ordinary man. Dr.J. C. Qonier and son, Cray ton, are improving slowly at the home of Mr.and MS. Nat Collier, "Tio,ar Millersburg from attacks of the influenza.Mrs. Comer is entirely recovered.(Other Pers6nnls on Page 5)1 lei lea1 yAFTERNOON TEAS PUT UNDERUK WWNERVOtTS MOTHERT 11 WT ! r T9i eiis now JLyaia n. rmfcliam JVegetable jCompoundRestored Her Health.attCCSWolf, Wile CS, CoTAnnounce Exceptional Values in High Class4.sTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County tothe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORfr"If yoii are interested in better ;andmore economical' farming1, come inand see wjiat this little wonderis doing for others:WejCari Demonstrateit tr You Any Day .rC.S. BALL OARAGECr. Foyrth aniri JHeasairt Sts.vVCONSERVATION BANThe American people have been aske& by the Food Administration to discontinue afternoon teas, theatre supper parties and all meals except theusual three a day. Conse'rvation ofcereals and sugar is now of vital importance, said the appeal, which characterized the consumption of sandwiches, cakes and sugar at "extra"meals as an unnecessary waste offoodstuffs."While the Food Administration,recognizes 4he value of social gatherings where refreshments are served,"the statement said, "it believes thatthe hours of these functions can,and should be, so regulated that theytake the place of one of the three regular (meals. Indeed, such a meal maywell serve as a lesson in intelligentfood conservation."In France and England no mealsare served after 9 : 3fr o'clock at night,and in both countries public eatingplaces are closed for a definite periodduring the afternoon. The Food, Administration now asks the UnitedStates to falli in line and cut outtheatre suppers, afternoon teas andall 'fourth' meals, and make the banquet, club luncheon or church supper a simple substitutes for one ofthe three daily meals." "BAD COLD? HEADACHY .' AND NOSE STUEFED'Tape's Cold ' Compound"Colds and Grippe in aFew Hours. -Endst.Take"Pape's Cold Compound"every two hours until you have take,nthree doses, then all grippe miserygoes and cold will be broken. Itpromptly opens your clogged-up nostrils and the air passages o the head,stops nasty discharge or iiose running: relieves the headache, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness. .Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling. Ease your throbbing1 head nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," which costspnly a Jw cents at any drug store.It acts without ( assistance, tastesnice, and causes -no inconvenience.Accept no substitute. (adv)URGES PRAYERS FOR SOLDIERSAND SAILORS.As chairman ofrthe Kentucky Council of Defense, Edward W. Hines hasissued the following: x -"In this xhour of great joy at ourdeliverance, let us not forget to offerup a prayer for our soldiers and sailors. These and the soldiers and sailors of- our' Allies have saved the worldfrom autocracy and all that autocracy means. To those who have diedthat we v might live in peace, wepledge ou unforgetfulness of theirsupreme sacrifice, and to those wholive vwe will everf treasure them inmemojy for what they did for us, forour homes and for the freedom of theworldte is BsSLEEP AND BEST.IlSilllv One of the most common causes ofinsomnia and restlessness' is indigestion. Take one of Chamberlain'sTablets immediately after supper and 1see if, you do not rest better and sleeptetter."-Ther only. cost k nuarter.Philadelphia, Pa. "I was very weak,always tired, my back ached, and Weltsickly most of thetime, I went todoctor and he saidI had nervous indigestion, whichfad-iwded to my weakcondition, kep meworrying most "ofthe time and hesaid if I could "hotstop that, I couldhot get well. Iheard so muchaboutLydiaE. Pinkham'aVegetable Compound my husband wanted me to try.it.I took it fora week and'felt a little better. I kept it up for three months, andI feel fine and can eat anything nowwithoutdistress or nervousness. "Mrs.J. Worthline, 2842 North Taylor St,Philadelphia Pa.The majority of mothers nowadaysoverdo, there are so. many demandsupon their time and strength; the resultis mvanaDiy a weaKenea, run-aown,nervous condition with headaches, backache, irritability' and depression andsbon more serious ailments developrIt is at such periods in life that LydiaE.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound willrestore a normal healthy condition, asit did tdSMrs. Worthline.WAR RISK BUREAU DISCLOSESBIG SCANDAL.Thousands of cases of fraudulentacceptance of government allowanceintended for &oldiers' or sailors' dependents have Tjeen, "discovered byinvestigators of the Bureau ofWarRisk "Insurance and a campaign ofprosecution and recovery has been instituted. As a result, it was announced that about one-third of thefour hundred thousand claiming dependency who how are receivingchecks will be dropped from the rollswhen it is shown that they were notdependent on a soldier before he entered the service,-Alieady two thousand cases of apparent fraud are under investigationand new, reports are received at merate of thirty a day..A clear corrai-t-Ruddy Cheeks Sparkling EyesMost Women Can HaveSays Dr. Edwards, a Well-KnqwnOhio PhysicianDr. F. M. Edwards for I7years treatedscores-of women for liver and "bowelailments. During these years he gave tohis patients a prescription made-of a fewwell-known vegetable ingredients mixedwith olive oil, naming them Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. You ,wili know them bytheir olive color. ,Thesetabjets are wonder-workers on theliver and bowels, which cause a normalaction, carrying off the waste anapoisonous matter irf one's system.If you have a pale face, sallow logic, dulleyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, alistless, no-good feeling, all out of sorts,inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets nightly for a timeand note the pleasing results.Thousands of women as well as mentake Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the SUCrcessful substitute for calomel now -and ithen just to keep in the pink of condition JHcand25cpertx)x, All druggists.Women's Suits ,$25:00 $35.00. $49.50 ; 'Somelare fur-trimmed, others in plain tailored effects;eachTone represents the last word in fine materials, work-,manship and style.v - , 4 'Stylish Dresses at ReducedPricesFor Women and Misses, Specially, Priced at V$25.00 $32.50 ,$39.50A ' J ' TA superb assortment, handsome in design, rich in materials and perfect in finish. Marfy of them are fresfr froxn.New York and show the very latest styles. "Materials are all wool serge, fricotine, silk tricolette,satin and -crepe -de chine.Christmas Display of FursFurs are practical Christmas presents of real use to theirs,recipients. As gifts they will be highly welcome" andwill always reflect' great credit upon the judgment andgood tast of their donors. 'Buy Furs, Like Diamonds,From a Reliable Source.You are safe-in buying furs here whether they are foryour own wear or a for a gift. Buythem now while thedisplay is complete. 1 ,WOLfH-teCO.LEXINGTON, MY. -:.i:EfficientTraining!Is what you, get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is mVich greater than wecan supply. We court a thorough investigation. --, "Send for Booklet "The FugazzaWay Leads to the Highest Positions"and you'll be 'convinced that this isthe best school for you to attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. tomeet prospective students. i Enrollnow ;and bQ .ready to start when the"flu" ban is raised.Fugazzf School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal. -Mrs.L.-'V'Xpnes, Asst. Principal.118, N. TJnner St.. Second iloor, jLexinerton. Ky.JOHN WHITE fc CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Litoraf-'MMrtiMfttm4 full value pM,w rnnorawrundHMNMilUal'AUuiIt is Timec To Be Thinking About I1Heat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of thecelebratedWilson- .Odorless HeatersfVto select from,Start early.LOWRY&MAYL : , .1IIW. DAVISFUNERAL DJRECTOR NMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 255Conner Fifth, and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.kjC3C."fc v lanVEvaa&ffikSsah''BLBrBBtC -BffT, i-M- r m .W 1 i.-New DirectoryHome Telephone Co;Our new directory willgo to press within "the Befiufuture, and ifyou are thinlcihg of having a telephone in-stalled we would be glad, to figure with you. We are permitted 'by the Government to make new instaHatSoai" where service is needed for .essential purposes, andL'jjro-videwehave facilities and "the "Servke ConfpeqtionfCharger is paid by thevsubscriber. This charge ils ytJpyreasonaole compared wifh that of piping your fcouse for'water orie:as;,or wiring it for electric lights, andkaposwdby the",overnment as a war measure only.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co."., - v ,jj.veatch:, District XuMcer'(Incorporated.)?-W. H. CAilKOy.XIXIXIiX1XIXIIXIIXIXIXIX'IXIX,IXIXIXIXlXIf1v -. - (adv-noV)jf-?La'iv''-X:XV-s--nlmH ?. ',flfcW?'ih.(ralEBQiJiBOHHiiEwSi-PirjaaiTO - " , Friday, MfriMBERiPAGE POTO.A-s---v-j -t -yyi -Charter tfo. 6323.Reserve District No. 4. -REPORT OF CONDITION OF THEFIRST NATIONAL, BANK,At Paris," in the State or Kentucky, at the Close of Business jou. November1, 1918:RESOURCES:i.i n t.17,605.00.50,000:003 "" Xioahs and discounts, including redis- 'counts (except those shown in band c. .' . .$669,028.22Total Iioans ,..'.. 669,028.22, d Notes -and Hnlls rediscounted (otherthan bank acceptances sold) see Item57a) .. .. -i. ' 39.430.00Ui S. Iwnd (other than Liberty Bonds,but including U. S. certificates of in- .'" ' debtedness): ; ,' -'a TJ. S. bonds deposited to securecirculation (par value) . . $100,000.00b TJ. -S. "bonds and certificates of 1indebtedness pieagea xo secure v,IT. S. deposits (par value) 70,000.00c TJ. S. bonds and certificates of rsindebtedness pledged to secure fTwAcfai cmrf tip's rtpnnsits fuar - 'value) ....;-.. '. 3,000.00d TJ. S. bonds and certificates ofindebtedness pledged as collateral for State or other deposits orbills payable ..:.... ; 85,000.00liberty Loan Bonds: ,a Mberty Loan nonas, 6Yz percent, 4 and 44 per cent unpledged .b Xiiberty Loan Bonds, 3, 4and 414 per cent, pledged tosecure TJ; S. depositse Payments actually made onFourth Liberty Loan owned ' . . 48.630.lfoBonds, securities, etc.. (other than U. S.):b Bonds other than TJ. S. bondspledged to secure Postal Savingsdeposits : 4,000.00Total bonds, securities, tc, other than TJ. S9. Stock of Federal Reserve Bank (50 per' cent of subscription) -1.0- a Yalue of banking house owned and -unincumbered 28,000.0013. Lawful reserve with Federal Reserve bank14. Items with Federal Reserve Bank in process of collection (not available as reserve)15. Cash in vault and net amounts due from national,banks . . . . .'16. Net amounts due from banks and bankers, and trustcompanies other than included in Items 13, 14,and 15 - ..18. Checks on other banks in the same city or town asreporting bank (other than Item 17) .... . ." . .Total of Items 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18. . .$ 32,843.96(This amount'is not to be extended.)3.9 Checks on banks located outside of city or town of reporting bank and other cash items ... 50. Redemption fund with TJ. S. Treasurer and due fromTJ. S. Treasurer . .22. War Savings Certificates and Thrift Stamps actually ownedIV629,598."227.258,000.00116,235.004,000.006,000.0028,000.0037,197.7315,386.4914,885.011,020.611,551.853,061.215,000.0044.79Total.. C. .... ... .. ..?1J.19,980.91LIABILITIES:I...1 . . $ 11, ( x .xv1,036.87--L54. Capital stock paid in ' $100,000.0025. Surplus fund .; '.. ?100,000.00b Less current expenses, interest and taxes paid .: .28. Amount reserved for taxes accrued30. Circulating notes outstanding . . . .:33. Net amounts due to banksbankers and trust companies(other than included In Items 31' or 32)i Total of Items 32 and 33.. ...13,680;233,120.9198.697.508.338.33Demand deposits (other than bank deposits) snbiect to Reserve (deposits payable within 30 days) :S4. Individual deposits suDject to check:35. Certificates of deposit due in less than 30 days (other v., than for money borrowed) -.. ...'...S6. Certified checksTotal of demand deposits (other than bank deposits)subject to Reserve, Items 34, 35,3 36, 37, 38, 39,40 and 41 . . . . i $399,312.73(This amount is not to be extended)Time deposits snbiect to Reserve (payable j aftSr 30das, or subject to 30 days or more notice, and postalf. savings:)"42 Certificates of deposit (other than for moneyborrowed) . .44. Postal savings deposits .. .. .. ... 45. Other time deposits .. .,Total of time deposits subject to Reserve,Items 42, 43, 44 and 45.. $136,545.44(This amount Is not to be extended.)t'46. United States deposits (other than postal savings: )a.: .j War loan deposit account $ 91,000.00c. Other United States deposits, including depositsorTJ. S. disbursing officers . ., ' 2615.77-'50.: Bjlls payable, other than with '.' ..'Federal Reserve Bank, including ' 'all obligations representing mon- f'ey borrowed, other than rediscounts .. .. -. . .:'..Bills payable, with Federal Reserve Bank .... .-. .397,687.73'lOO.OO125.0051'57.5,000.002,366.55129,178.8993,615.77100,O0X).00v 75,000.001 Total.. ......a Liabilities for rediscounts in- '"eluding those with Federal Reserve Bank (see Item Id).otal contingent liabilities (57 a, band c).. ,$1,119,980.9139,430.0039,430.00XSTATE OF KENTUCKY, County of Bourbon, ss:LJames McClure, Cashier of the above-named bank, do solemnlyswear' fithat the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge andlielief.JAMES, McCLURE Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before me this, 14th day of Nov. 1918.fj . GRACE DONALDSON, Notary Public.- '"- Correct Attest:"3 . - W. y. HALEY, -H. A. POWER,: J. ' , CHAS. C. CLARKE,. k : -' Directors,"GOOD PRICES AT SHORTHORN bull, October 10, 1917, Walter Rice,; CATTLE SALE. ' Paris, $200.. .;' I No. 58 Kalarama Mary, roan cow,Thesecond annual show and sale September 7, 1917, O. M. Johnson,of Shorthorn cattle was held last 1 Millersburg, $310. fweek Iat Tattersall's, in Lexington! No. 72 Leonard, : roan bull, foayThere was a good attendance. The j 30? 1916; W1 T)s Mclntyie, Millers-iverage lor tne saie was zj.v a neaa, burg, 5145. . . 'ttle were sola tor a total j N 7-and 3.02 cattle-of $21400. Tke following purchaseswercmade by Bourbon county men:Ldrdshop's Sunshine, a roan cow.own&dthy Kalarania Farm, Spring-' Aeld, Ky., brought the highest price,$72S i-She was purchased by Orie Le-Abus i.Soh, of Cynthiana, Kyrt- Highland Rosebud, a red cow own--ed by In. J. & B. A. Tnomas, 01 snejojwsftd'by J-.. P. Redmon, of Paris.No..-l4 Lyndale Belle 15th, whitecbw.liay 23, 1918, J. A. Butler, Milnrf Ky.t f 8.No. 14 Lyadale Belle" 10th, jrhiteoow" (yrvmSc 22, 11 W. J. MclattyW MinrtHmr, K. $15- tIfill- Auxuit X3mC'.?f&. bulb,No. 73 Duke of Fleminer. roa.nbull, January 4, 1918,' W. D. Mclntyre, Millersburg, $205.'No. 79 Alma 3rd, Ted cow, July5, 1917, W. D. Mclintyre, MillersvVurg,.110. Nq. 86 Highland Rosebud, redcow , February 5,. 1917, J. P. Redmon,Paris, $680. !; .' ", ' 'No. 99 Lally B. 9th. red enwDyviiei uiougut viou .ii yixi- April zi, uaf vv. o. Mclntyre, Mil-iersDurgKx?ii5.Bull, not catalogued, W. D.. Mclntyre, Millprsburg, $180.FOURTH LIURT LOANPayimtits on tht Fourth Ubrty Lomi KnmIs art now Mi;URAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. and Mrs. Calvert Meng"havepurchased the home of Mrs. MacieWlhite Fithian, at the corner of Mt.Airy and Houston avenues, for about$7,500. v The home is now leased ByProf. J. M. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Mengywho are now residing near" NorthMiddletown, will move 'to the homeabout March L This is one of thehandsomest and most modern homesin Paris..The C. O. Bramblette Real EstateAgency, -of Carlisle, reports the saleof a Bourbon county farm, locatednear Millersburg, to Mr. J. A. Ockerman, for $11,000.Dr. D. S. Henry sold for Prof. J. S.Johnson, formerly of Paris, now" located in Tennessee, two cottages onKentucky avenue, in ,the RosedaleAddition to Paris, for a' private price.Mr. Henry Ingels purchased recently of Mr. and Mrs. John C. Bedford, their seven acre suburbanfarm, located on the Bethlehem pike,-near Paris, for about $6,000. Mr.Ingels and family will move totheplace about March 1, 1919.Mr. Louis Wollsetin, operatingthe Twin. Bros.' clothing store, haspuchased the two-story businesshouse on Main street he has been occupying, from the Schwartz heirs,for $8,000.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., reports the sale of theHenry Ingels tract of land, known as'':INTTHF SFRVIPF Iw.rdeB. 'Mtt.tatf -wffl retttfn to MibtlSjSTtATdES APT0DITE&.Ill 1HL OEiIVTiVsEi . . J Paris to reside pending the return of ".Jco. . jfiC TUCID r'AITMTDV.'nerjiusoanttrirom tne scene 01, war.VI 111JU1IV VWilllil(Continued from Page 1)In the Couaty Court, WednesdayJudge Batterton appointed Mr. WrnMrs. Lee Masterson.of Lexington, S. Kiser as administrator of the es-j has gone to Great Lakes "Naval tate of Miss Mattie Lee Harley, whoxrainxag oiauou, near umigo, to aiea recently at tne Massie Memorialmit. She is , making good progress ' join her husband, who is an' instruc- Hospital, of influenza. Mr. Kiser ac-considering the fact that the opera-jtor in :the' Aviation Camp. Mr. and cepted the trust, and qualified byxveiiiiti juiiuit: now iiiua every -ivii es. lyxuaLcissuu cue xuijuicj. icoiucuw iurjiisiuiigjaon.a m tne sum OI $1,UQ0vious.tion was performed four days pre- of Paris. 'one has been to her. We hope to send Iyou further good news yery soon.". Mrs. Nannie Carter, colored, of thiscity, has received a card announcingthe safe arrival overseas of her son,Private Raypnond Carter. Carter is amember of Co. H., 801st Pioneer Infantry. ,Harmon Turner, who is stationedat the U. S. Navy Yard, 'at Norfolk,Va., came in Wednesday night on afurlough to visit his mother, Mrs.Edward Turner, near Paris. Mr. Turner says while he' is glad the war isover, he wbuld have been glad toget some, practical overseas service.1 'Karl Schramm and "Honey" Driscoll, who have been doing excellentwork as orderlies at Camp Buell during the influenza epidemic, havebeen transferred to the Massie Memorial Hospital in Paris, where theywilltake up the work as orderlies."Rnt.h are finft fallows fl-Tid will h va.l-the Bourbon Current farm, located on , uable additions to the Hospital at thethe Peacock pike, .near Paris, to, Mr.Ben Harp, of Spencer county, for$25,000. The farm contains abouteighty acres, and is well improved.Possession will be given in March.1 isi 15i. ATTENTION SPOffTSMEN.Hunting coats and guns of allkinds; ammunition, etc.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.PAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.TE3 IS 1INFLUENZA BAN POSTPONESEASTERN STAR MEETINGRepresntatjves of the local lodgeEastern Star were notified Wednesday that the annual meeting of theGrand Chapter of the Eastecn StarLodge of Kentucky, which, was tohave been held in Lebanon this week,had been indefinitely postponed onaccount of the influenza ban.Due notice, it was given out, wouldbe given all members and delegatesbefore the annual meeting takesplace.Machinist Russell Day, stationedat Camp Sheridan, in Alabama, is inParis on -a furlough as a guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Day. Mr.Day says there was. great enthusiasmin the camp when the officers at rollcall read- them the news of the armistice, acceptance, and that he had notneara anytning nair so good tor along time.with Mr. J. T. Kiser as surety.present time, when help is badlyneeded.Fred Taylor Robertson, formerlyof Millersburg, is visiting his sisters,Mrs. Florence Claypool and Mrs.Strother Banta, in Millersburg. Robertson was a fireman on the transport Covington, on which anotherBourbon county boy, "Buddie"James, was seaman, -when it wastorpedoed. He has made six tripsoverseas. He will visit his father, A.C. Robertson, before returning to hisstation at Norfolk, Va.U .Sergt. Newsupn Keller, who hasbeen in Paris for several weeks onsick leave, was recalled to duty atPigeon Point, near Wilmington, Delaware, Wednesday, by a telegramfrom his superior officer, Capt: Jones.The telegram ordered him to reportat once for duty. Sergt. Keller lefton the early morning train Wednesday morning for Pigeon Point, wherehe is instructor.Mrs. W. H. Hill, formerly of Paris,now in Pittsburg, Pa., where she ishelping in Red Cross work, receiveda letter from her husband, Sergt.William H. Hill, in which he statedthat -at the time he was writing hehad been in active service in France.He is a member of Battery A., 326thField Artillery American Expedition-Found.On Winchester pike, automobiletail light and License No. . 229611.Owner may have same by paying forthis advertisement. Call at BOUR-He is inexllent healtS ! B0N NEWS offlce- 15"3tand well-Dleased with the service.B-4 TIRE NInsure withW,O.HINTON &SON,Agtsfe 151 IBSA CURE FOR PNEUMONIA.H.(Communicated)Ed. THE NEWS:In a long lifetime I have seen "oldfashioned" remedies given a thoroughtrial, and have known them to winout when physicians had given uphope. I remember an old time rem- Iedy my mother always used for whatis now called pneumonia, and I Jiavenever known it to fail. I give it forthe benefit of the readers of THENEWS in the implicit faith of its being reliable.Make a pint of mush, using a cupof vinegar. Slice two medium sizedonions into the pnush and cook untilthe onions are soft. Apply as a poultice to the chest, as hot as can be.borne. PJace a hot water bottle over 'the poultice. This will help to keep rthe heat in longer. Renew the poul-.ticeiintil the patient's breathing becomes easier.I have seen this used hundreds oftimes, and know it is effective. Itmav be 'hooted because it is "old-fashioned," but neverthless, it has Jsaved many lives.AN OLD TIMER.WANTED.Good woman for general housewoVk, white or colored. Good wages.MRS. DAVID ADES,170 Forrest Avenue,(15-tf) Lexington, Ky.issCUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for, funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers (may be used. Prompt atten-tion given" all orders, whether large jor small. jJO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent. !Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. ;Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Best Canned Soupsper can i OcScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $ 1 .24Pancake Flourper package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4-cCabbageper pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck v .. .- 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck 90cNew Mince Meatper package .... 1 2cThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. See amy line of Pure Fruit Preserves. RMRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court House!H.ImIT AUCTION!i " ., , r'.Wednesday, Nov. 27, '18At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises on the Clinton ville pike, four miles from the city limits. of Paris, Ky., we wijoffer at public sale, without reserve or by-bid, rain or shine, the splendid farm of Hon. A. S Thompson, containing337 12 acres, divided into three tracts of -RICH, PRODUCTIVE LANDMr. Thompson has deefded to quit farming and move to Paris to engage in other business-and- has instructed usto sell his farm, which is orie among the best improved farms in the county. Fully one-half of the farm is in oldBlue Grass sod and is now ready for ' . . ,HEMP, TOBACCO AND CORNTBACT NO. 1 C0NTAINS450 ACEES, MOKE OR LESS, AND IS THE HOME PLACE OF ME. THOMPSON Two-story pressedbrick residence, with slate roof iuid stone foundation and full dry cellar under length of house. Has large reception hall, dining room,bed room, pantry, complete bal;h" and -kitchen on first floor and three bed rooms and 'hall'on second floor. Cistern at door with forcepump in kitchen, large front ver'ajida and back porch, large buggy house easily converted into garage, smoke house, two hen houses, toolhouse, servant's house with twdj-roomSi stock barn on solid concrete foundation, capacity 12 head, cistern attached, large concretewater tank, capacity 96 barrels -Tand .supplied fpom bored well with an inexhaustible supply of water for barn and residence; stock BarnNo. 2 with two sheds, capacity lSto 20 head of horses. ",,.. t - t - 'The farm is under splendi.dsoutside and inside, fencing; 60 acres old blue grass sod, 55 "acres in wheat; forty of which is sownto blue grass with splendid stafid, 25 acres for cprn, and also 10 in, new-grass. Two: splendid ponds, some ,. young timber, one full.bearing peach orchard and full bearing orchard of mixed fruits. The house isv equipped with hot water furnace in splendid shape, besides having natural gas for both? light and heat under perpetual contract.-.. ' ;! ' . . . -. ....TEA'CT NO. 5-CONTAIN&75AOEES.AND'"AI)JOINS.TEACT''NO. 1 Has five-room tenant house, smoke house, buggy hoWhen house, good ice house, andj old-fashioned' well; six-ton stock scales in good repair; good fencing, combined stocking tobacco barn!on stone foundation, 48x60,. 20 feet to;he eaves, racks and thoughs; to. Teed 130 cattle, and has tightlof floor? concrete silo that holds270 tons and a California red wood silo that holds 160 eons-; concrete water tank holding 55'barrelsAyateri supplied by never-failingspring; -'30 acres old blue grass sod, 18 acres in clover, remainder ih- high state of cultivation. - v-TRACT N0.v 3CONTAINS llzsACKBS OF UNIMPROVED LAND AND IS MILES FROMTtiAnrs 1 Aim o tjtt -pipcPIKE Has beautiful building sitcand enough'fine. timber 'to. build tobacco barn. It is-vell watered with t-wh'twLi aON THE SAME PIKE-pond, and is. under good fencing;;;60.aicr old blue grass sod,every foot of which will grow nne tobacco or hemp.' No tobacco was evergrown on this tract and it is a rbig money-maker for the lucky buyer. ' - " .iittti-Avo "i yuiuuiuxjnuuaix wau mi, uuui ut Dttj, ui iu eqiuvttieu o i-ovo iviarcn i, iw,.3vaen possession will 'be iriveh.5!!-. '.-i'?',.r"V'COL. GEO. D.3 '"'?.?i -frBBier?ii iip$ "CXXAmmwtkMMMmm Mer.I'll, ot-.jLPftrMi'DCFOStT' w "io, 5j.-riinaott. Brwidhooks, red,TRUST CO-w ,i . &i:'Y"- "V.-..V-0,I:"i-Svrgir -.(-i vFRIDAY, NOVBBBS j-wxrxHEWS PARIS,& . i Mi; iTHE BOURBONKENTUCKYa y-KisOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING TURKEYSWe are now receiving turkeysfor the Thanksgiving market,and hope to be able to continueasntil November 16th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.n.ov5-4t)IBESH IBAKREL OF GOOD' COUffTRY SO&GHUM.We have just opened a new barrelof fresh country sorghum its thereal "country kind."(It) C P. COOK & CO.SECOND OEFENSE."Burglars evidently consider thehome of Squire E. P. Glaybrook, nearHutchison, a storehouse of riches.The home was burglarized Sundaynight to the extent of a pocketbookcontaining a sum of money, also apair of gold framed spectacles, wearing apparel and a number of otherarticles. This is the second timeburglars have visited the Claybrookhome in a short time.IS Ea E3PREPARE TOR THE ZERO DAYS.J. S. WILSON & BRO. RECEIVE COAL.SPjAJ. AND PERSONAL.Comings amd Goings of Our.People Here, There and.Elsewhere.Don't put it off, but get your coalnow. We have a big supply of lumpcoal. Supply your needs now.(1) ' JAS. S. WILSON & BRO.FRESH REELFOOT LAKE FISH T0" DAY AND TO-MORROW.Nice shipment of fresh ReelfootLake Fish for to-day and tOninorrow.Y"e dress them free of charge. Phonein your order early.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)?s a feRED CROSS SEWING ROOMS.The Red Cross Sewing Rooms inthe basement of the court house, werereopened Wednesday with the ladiesof the Episcopal church in charge.Yesterday the Young Women's Mission Circle had ,the rooms. To-daythey will be occupied by the Women'sSociety of the Presbyterian church,and to-morrow by the Teachers' Circle. i 1 SBl 1&JOHNNIE, GET YOUR GUN! -The hunting season for quail andrabbit opens torday. Hunters havebeen busy making preparations forthe slaughter. Reports that havecome in state the toothsome gajme tobe abundant in the county, whichwill be good news to the hunters.The rabbits are a debatable proposition, as it has been reported fromsome sections that the influenza hasappeared among them. They are reported as plentiful in some localitiesand scarce in others. The high, costof ammunition will prevent many aNimrod from getting in the chase.The season closes on January 2, 1919.THE INFLUENZA SITUATION SAIDTO BE BETTER.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom a professional visit in Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. Japnes Eads andfamily have returned from a visit toMr.- Alex McLoney, in Cynthiana.Miss Edna Huffman has returned to her home in Covington after avisit to Mrs. Jack Owsley, on Ferguson street.Mrs. E. C. Cleveland and MissMargaret Cleveland have returned totheir liome near Paris after a visitto Mrs. Margaret Cook, in Cynthfana.Mrs. Emma Hardin has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto the fajmily of her brother, Mr.John Fletcher, near Tilton, in Fleming county.Capt. and Mrs. C. F. Ko'erner andlittle son and daughter have eone toNorfolk, Va., where they will reside.uapt. Koerner is stationed there in.the army service.Misses Ava, Hattie and MinervaNeal, and Ollie Snapp, and Mr. Howard Hamilton, .all of Paris, wereguests recently of Mr. and Mrs. Jas.Rankin, at Shawhan.Mrs. Powell Bosworth and. twolittle daughters, Misses Mary andVirginia Bosworth, have returned totheir homes in Lexington after a visitto the family of Mrs. Wm. Griffith," onPleasant street.Miss Lora Rideland, who hasbeen a guest of her sister, Mrs. Samuel W. Summers, has returned to herhome in Mayfield, Ky., where she willresume her duties as a member of thefaculty of the High School.Judge Bf J. Bethurujm, of Somerset, was here this week attendingthe session of the Bourbon CircuitCourt. Judge Bethurum is one of theattorneys in the case of the Commonwealth vs. Oscar Johnson for themurder of Wm. Rice.Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr., was hostess Tuesday afternoon at her homeon Houston avenue to a party of congenial friends at a delightfully informal knitting-tea, a combinationthat at once afforded amusement andprofit. At the conclusion of the knittin bee, 'the hostess served pineapple salad, beaten biscuits, wafers andtea. The guests of the afternoonwere: Mrs. Baird, of South Charleston, O.; Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs.Oscar T. Hinton, Mrs. Fay Ardery,Mrs. Katherine Davis ' Craig, Mrs.White Varden, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,Mrs.. Charles N. Fithian, Mrs.v DenisDundon, Mrs. Brinch. Neinertz, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Sr., Misses RachelWiggins, Nancy Griffith, CarolynRoseberry, Elizabeth Steele, Margaret Ardery, Mary Fithian Hutchcraftand Elizabeth Crutcher. ((Other Personals on Page 3)SOME TURKEYS;FUEL ADMINISTRATOR PROMISESPLENTY OF COAL.Mr. Jas. H. Thompson, Fuel Administrator for Bourbon county, hasreceived .notice from State Fuel Administrator Wiley B. Bryan, of Louisville, that the coal promised forKentucky is now available and thatall dealers must indicate how muchthey want and can pay for within thenext thirty-day period.Dealers are requested to telephonetheir requirements as early at possible to the Fuel Administrator, sothat the reports can. go forward tothe State Fuel Administrator as soon,as practicable.A Bourbon county farmer recentlysold fifteen turkeys to a local concern for which he received a checkfor $150. Some turkey!Mrs. Edward Sledd, ,of near Carlisle, sold and delivered to C. S. Brent&Bros.' Carlisle house 120 turkeysfor which she received 25 xents perpound, or a total of $335.50.The pens of C. 'S. Brent & Bro., inthis city and in Carlisle are, going attheir full capacity slaughtering anddressing turkeys for the local andEastern markets in the short stimethat has been allotted this year forthat purpose. The season will closeon November 16th until the openingof the Christmas pnarkets, which isusually about December 10. Thesepens give employment to a large.number, of women and men, who havebecome experts in their line, and receive good wages.Brent Bros.' Carlisle pens were ordered closed Wednesday by the Nicholas County Board of Health, on account of the influenza epidemic, butthrough special permit received fromthe State Board of Health were permitted to resupne slaughtering again.More than fifty colored men and women are at work in these pens, andthe County Board of Health thoughtit not wise to permit so many to congregate. In opening the pens eachemploy is required to wear influenzamasks, which are changed every twohours, and the clothing of the employes is changed before they leavethe building. They are not allowed towork anywhere else.CUT FLOWERS.' i "Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given alt orders whetherlarge or small. vJO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.'The FairThe best value at all times.It's unpatriotic notChristmas shoppingto do yourNOW!Now is the time.All, merchandise sold outow cannot he duplicated later on.See our line of toys, desks, chairs,rockers, go-carts, horses, pianos, wagons, games, clocks, erector toys, kiddy cars, iron trains, drums.You get all price advantages, dueto early purchases.Thanksgiving ' specialties turkey roasters, fancy cups, saucers andplates to match, sugars and creams.Also a beautiful line of metal andwood patriotic picture frames, from49 cents each, up to $3.00.Special in silk service flags, each,69 cents.THE FAIR.The good word has gone aroundthat the influenza situation in Boarbon is getting better at this timeand that there is a prospect for fullrelief before many days. No newcases have developed and the Boardof Health is confident that the danger point has passed.The ban has been lifted so far asthe pool rooms and the soft1 drinkstands are concerned. The order wentforth Wednesday releasing them fromthe restraint they have been underfor several weeks, and there was analmost audible sigh of relief went up,as the thirsty ones flocked to thesoft drink stands for their accustomed daily refreshment. The;pool roomsalso had a return of their old-timepatronage, and everything seemedgood again. Now, if the Board ofHealth will see their way clear tolift the ban on the churches and themovie picture houses, life will beagain worth living.m ibb j 'TOBACCO INSURANCE.Take no chances insure yourtobacco in the barn against fireand windstorm withYERKES & PEED.(nov5-4t)-fen & iwFINE BOURBON FARM AT PUBLICAUCTION NOV. 27.Hon. A. S. Thopnpson, former member of the Legislature for two terms,and former Sheriff of the county, andone of Bourbon's leading farmers andstockmen, will sell his farm of337 acres, four miles from thecity limits, oa the Clintonville pike,on Wednesday, November x27, on thenrpTniKPct at. 11 o'clock a, m.Mr. Thopnpson will move to Parisand engage m otner Dusme,His home place of 150 acres is oneof the most modern and up-to-datefarms in the countyy and 'has plentyof tnhaAtti land. Air of the Improvements are first class and in first classcondition- None better.r The house,a two-story pressed brick building,.has a large reception hall, diningrooms, .pantry, bath complete and"kitchen, all of which, is heated by notwater furnace and natural gas for"both heat and light.The announcement of the sale wastclAo, Tvr TT rria Sr. StakeS2i. f!AttA riPsierK. who -will' shqjtUlie"The Song thatreachedMif Heart"place to prospective buyers Jf -The farm will be -sold iiT twrtetracU-150 aeres, 112 acre and 75acree. The aale wjll J positive,raia or shine '' ' " . T ""-mmOne of the lastNVicrola Records that jEvan Williams was des- gtined to makef This Hgifted and popularsinger has eone. buthis songs will go on forever on VictrolaRecords. With its interjected strains of"Home. Sweet Home" the sons is in adouble sense this cherished artist's farewell. j!The Song that Reached My Heart "TJVicticlc Red Seal Record. 74571 f1 Harrtj Lauder turns to . recitation jHe gives " little story about a lad Imet at the front,' .And he does it in his fHH.own delightful characteristic way !Granny's" LaddyVictor Record, 70121ypi?Stor in and let us play these records for2S3you,&V"DAUGHERTY.'FIFTH AMD MAIN STREETSHIMv pact irii "l--g. ' II 1'We Sell Dependable Merchandise for "LessThan Any Other House, But for Cash OnlyBIBSPECUL.5 rOF JERSEY"'JitAytDRESSESv.Regular $32.50 to $35.00 Values$24.75Beautiful models in all the most fashionable colors.Rare values at the above price while they last.HARRY SIMONMain Street, Paris, Ky.224-228 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.vTHE DAYLIGHT STORE"TX'sE2S'&&5-OI- - iI r- Ljj , 1 s 'J tSB -, j31Says General Pershing, referring toone of the war work organizatidns :M A SENSE of obligation for the variedand jiseful service rendered to thearmy in France ..... prompts me tojoin in-the appeal for its further financialsupport. I have opportunity to observeits operations, measure the quality of itspersonnel and mark its beneficial influenceUpon our troops, and I wish unreservedlyto commend its work for the army.- General PershingUNTIED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNJ,This Space Patriotically Contributed ByTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANY'PT P!V'.s.rt . fT'4:J&?'T&'& . yv-.r-.-, , .-IxiXIXIX1XIX-IIXIxIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIiXIXIXIXIXIXIX1-XI-i IXIv Hf mW:-ViNHKN. i" ftl .lit ihifil:ill tLJHMWi Wr. i. J. iUi.il'iiii'u i i. .nil ,iL'iK..5.-A'aa??on.pagenr this WU O AHBtftmBOKitmn?'-- w.V-?r v.-24-J, f53 v "J-&j .vu -JSee tae.Wr display dvertMM2?rilx'ijliiM!?irrW v - -,, II. Ill I s J , , "-Tss. h"VV.A- ry-APAHS, XEXTUOKTr r.ii'i.j..ii'iL1WSSSSEf. -JKUGCERS nr THE"! . 1 .KJL? Jt, ..H'a,,.' rZr ?ifim-.N-. 'v1f:7Vil?:S!HWhy Compare Beef andCoal Profits?Swift & Company has frequently statedthat its profit on beef averages only one-rfourth of a cent a pound, and hence has, practically no effect on the price..Comparison has been made by the FederalTrade Commission of this profit with ther profit on coal, and it has pointed out thatanthracite coal operators are content yviiha profit of 25 cents a ton, whereas the beefprofit of one-fourth of a cent a pound meansja. profit of $5.00 a ton.The comparison does not point out thatanthracite coal at the seaboard.is worth atwholesale about $7.00 a ton, whereas a ton,of beef of fair quality is worth about$400.00 wholesale.To carry the comparison further, the" 25cent profit on coal is 3. per cent of "the$7.00 value.The $5.00 profit on beef is only V4 percent of the $400.00 value.The profit has little effect'on price in either case,bat has less effect on the price of beef than on theprice of coaLCoal may be stored in the open air indefinitely;beef must be kept in expensive coolers because it ihighly perishable and must be refrigerated.Coalis handled by the carload or ton; beef is delivered to retailers by the pound or hundred weightMethods of handling are vastly different. Coal ishandled in open cars; beef must be shipped inrefrigerator cars at an even temperature.Fairness to the public, fairness to Swift &Company, fairness to the packing industry, Arniflfrritthat these indisputable facts be considered. It is"impossible to disprove Swift & Company's statement, that its profits on beef are so small as to havepractically no effect on prices.Swift & Company, U. S. A.$sWHAT KANSAS WOMAN DID."When, the matrons and the ladies. and the flapers' and the little boysr" Niaaml girls offered last January td aid: dta. the harvesting this summer, the"':- Kansas war- council declined their- jproffered- help. The thing seemed" im--"possible. The offer had a far different aspect a few weeks ago when, theitattha GfnulneHJTSnJ and vo355rjCmSJI war counciL faced" the situation of abumper wheat crop arid man powerentirely inadequate to handle it."The, fate of the' crop hung in thebalance. ' ,'"Then thousands o women thesame women whose January offer ofaid had been scorned with theiraijmy of children and girls, sprang upfrom all over the State and ihe wheatcrop was saved. If this volunteerarmy "had noi, unbidden, come to therescue a great part of this tremendous crop would havebeen lost."fts fes Ga -Don't burn the candle at both endswhen alL you have to do is to switchon the electric light.(nov8-4t-F),. .--&V5fi!SSngGOLOSTINE'SFirst Shoe Saleof the SeasonAll nw stock goes at thissale. Ladies', children'sj jyaiiu misses .i Here is One of OjirLeaders' High Boots, in French' and Military heels,' in black,tan. mahogany andgrey,sale price-$8-98'v " ' '' PER PAIR 'GOLDSTINE'SuIBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly "RollCream Puffs vDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEAT, DEPARTMENT ,RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrains6rocry Co.Phbne aresAN BD?0BTA1! iOTAg!Era?v,We ,are facing a peculiar situacNtion," said Edward W. ijtyies,1, generalchairman; of -the United War WorkCampaign in an interview ' in hisoffices."If the peace we are all prayingfor comes soon," Mr. Hines continued, "more money will be needed tocarry on welfare work among, ourboys with the colors over there andover here than if the war continues."Much of the work done now bythe seven welfare" a.genciesengaged inthe- United War Work drive is during the leisure hour of the rightingman. Just now our men are in intensive training. EveryVminute ofthe working day, antl it is very longworking day, themeh in the trenches and training caphps overseas andin the cantonments here are in actualbattle or preparing for actual battle.When, peace comes and there is jioenemy, that intensive training willstop, and then the leisure hours ofthe men must be made more attractive for them than ever."Mr. Hines, as general chairmair'ofthe United War Work Capnpaign forKentucky, is thoroughly acquaintedwith every detail of the big drive tocome1 the week of November 11. During that week the seven organizations whose welfare work among the.boys with the colors is endorsed bythe War Department, are to raise$170,500,000 in the United States.Kentucky's share is about 1 per cent,of that amount. The seven organizations are the Young Men's ChristianAssociation, the National CatholicWar Council (including the Knightsof Columbus), the Jewish WelfareBoard (including the Young Men'sHebrew Association), the War CampCommunity Service, the American Library Association, and the SalvationArmy. ' y"The constructive work to be acrcomplished by our government during the two years following the cessation of war is, to my mind, -one ofthe greatest problems ever presentedto the American people," said Mr.Hines."It is in the provinceof the sevenorganizations in the United WarWork Campaign tcy have a very vitalpart in the proper solution of thatproblem if the money is given themto do the work. That money cannotcome from the government, because,the government lias all it can do. Itmust come from, the individual., "During the week of November 11,the United States , is to raise $170,500,000 for welfare work during thecoming year. Kentucky's quota is$1,770,800. These figures in fact underestimate the work that must bedone, instead ofdverestimate it. TheYoung Men's Christian Associationalone is spending $10,00(,000 amonth and its share of the nationalquota is only $100,000,000 for thecoming year.'" v"In deference to the Fourth liberty Loan campaign, the United WarWork Campaign has been kept in thebackground for the past few weeks.Neverthless, a very activeorganization cajmpaign has been going-on, inentire agreement with the treasurydepartmentxof the government. Nowthat th.e Liberty Loan campaign isoyer, the United War Work Campaignwill be taken up with vigor and car'ried on to a successful conclusion, ifthe people of Kentucky will arise tothe occasio-n as , magnificently asthey have during the LibertyLoan. Camnaisni. We in Kenrtucky are-proud of that record. Ourfederal district was the first in theUnited States to go over the top. Oursplendid State was one of the first togo, over the top. Every section of thecommonwealth, was at work.',"Now comes the United War WorkQampaign. We do not offer government bonds at 44 per cent, interestper year. But we do offer what is ofinfinitely greater moment, the man7hood of our nation, at 100 per cent,interest per year."Kentucky will meet this obligation as she has met every opportunity presented to her in this warwitha will to win."is te Tss .GREATLY BENEFITED BY CHAM-BERLAUrS TABLETS."I am thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago when Ibegan taking them I was suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache ana1 a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda tornid liver. Chamberlain's Tab-Vlets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two'bottles of them my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N. Y.: fe ?S Tfii1 JVEAKis A DIFFERENCE.Asked if he still retained faith inthermotto, Gott mit uns," a Genmanprisoner replied, "Yes, but youFrenchmen have the Americans withyou." 'It is difficult, from this information, to ascertain whether theGerman Gott is depreciating in valuein the German military theology.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than, all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be ''incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to, cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced b constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment Halite Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by F.J. Cheney & Co. Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken inter-.aally and acts through the" blqod ohme (mucous surraces of the, system.One nundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh, Medicine fails to cure. Send fdV Circularsand testimonials. iP. J. CHENEY & CO., Prop.,Toledo,. Oliio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.A4T Druggists, -75c, . v t3I0VEMKEK:EEECTI0H, "T"" t T"7; - -SENATE UniteU States SenatorGovernor A. O. Stanley, Henderson,Democrat.CONGRESS First District AlbanW. JBarkley, Paducah, Democrat.Second District David H. Kinchploe, Madisonville, Democrat.'. Third D.istrict R. Y. Thomas, Jr.,Central City, Democrat.Fourth District Ben Johnson,Bardstown, Democrat. v -Fifth District Charles F. Ogden,Louisville, JRepublica-n. -ixth District Arthur B. Rouse,Burlington, Democrat.Seventh District -J. C. Cantrill,Georgetown, Democrat.Eighth District' Harvey Helm,,Stanford, Democrat. xNinth District wJ J. Fields,Olive Hill. Democrat.Tenth District John W. Xangley,'.rutevme, jttepuDiican.Eleventh District J. M. . Robison,Barboury ille, Republican.APPELLATE JUDGE First District Gus Thomas, Mayfleld, Democrat. ' Second District W. Ey 'Settle,Bowling Green, Democrat.-" Fourth District - Houston Quin,Louisville Republican. 4Sixth District Ernest Si Clark,Falmouth, Democrat'.J0TJETT SH0USE X0SES IN KANSAS ELECTION.T&e defeat of RepresentativeJouett Shouse in the Seyenth District of Kansas by the Republicancandidate will be source of regret toMr. Shouse's many fri&nds in Kentucky Mr. Shouse formely livedinLexington, where he was businessmanager yof the Lexington Herald.He moved to Kansas in 1911, and, entering politics, was elected a member of the Kansas State Senate. Hewas then elected to Congress fromhis district, and is now serving hissecond term.WRIGLEY5'mmMmMmWm m H mv kmmmm4tfkWmmmm v I -1 ETktSBMESSSkHHfll1 kmmm m" Am m HnES38SVvflKlf7rBHflHBflALW m mXmm mmmmmk&mffl&&&mTbrighter;JBVKNINaS'&Cmc4if'A- ' lWe will win this war-Nothing else really matters until we do!asatei?y: irrtsm mstajcmzzsvttZiWiiTCJraifflSteaS' "(r fcwmmQ&m&mrSlHiMJJOlJli.CT-rril it-.MhlPIIMffcfNothinWdds to the pleasuresol a nome, 'or makes hie more )worth living, than a well illumi-1nated house. ' -use7OlectricltjTor EigMingIt's the only satisfactory .way.?use Sasi . .Tor Reality and CookingIts the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yon UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas. fParis Gas & Electric Co.(IncorDoratcd)Be patient here Oar Boys are gettingWR1GLEYS? - - -ov&r there! r.Bourbop Laundry IDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No.4Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageUabaityAnd Other.' ' Casualties -A. J. FKEAGENTWest Fifn StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior -to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyImi I m.j Si: -::: L 'X" "mii1:A MAN AND HIS WIFEi.'may both derive saiisf actionJby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleas- ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of jiew, iconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2'k ( w ji Jy$4.80. DAILY and SUNDAYLEXINGTON LEADERDV JTjTAWoiu PER YEARjiAll:the;fe.ws of the,,wai?,JbyA Associated fecess, the 1)est cartoons and comics,latest, market reports, Woman fspepStoentrUn ifac everything to mie itUV1UC cwojjajci.-v ocuu lur specimen copy, or remib uy cnecA UJLmpijey drd&lo tegtprrLeader "Company fexinon,,Keni;iqk.y; Vrwwwrscnbed anove, and in addition thender thereof must file a statementwith the nearest, fetation of the RedCrow in effect as follows:'The undersigned hereby makes application to forward to WtistyipV f adChildren Love.' CascaretsAdress), Christinas package. TheAindersigned hereby x represents anddeclares that he or she is the nearestliving relative in the United Statesof the proposed recipient and thatthe applicant, in the calendar year1918 has not made or will not makeany other Christmas shipment tothe" f 1VCandy cathartic is harmlessto tender stomach, Mverand bowels xajjove-named consignee.if there are two relatives eauallv'QjceafGkp$kmconnected with the recipient eitherone, but not both, may send a--par-cel,but two or more of them mayjointly aend a parcel."After presentation and proper approval of an application the Red Crosswill 'mark the application "approved"and will give to the holder thereofa box 3 by 4 by 9 inches in size, together withxwhich will beglven complete instructions as in the case ofparcels destined to piembers of theAmerican Expeditionary Forces.Together with the fcnx. tho "RodYour child is bilious, constipatedand sick. Its little tongue is coated,breath is bad and stopnach sour. Geta 10-cent box of Cascarets andstraighten the youngster rigfit up.Children loye this harmless candycathaKic and it cleanses the little0 DeSc,3efore applying powder give yourskin a protecting coat ofMARINELJJQMotor CreamShields skinagainst winchand weather.Prevents tan and sunburn. Keeps skin softand elvety. Eliminates cause of most complexion defects. Absolutely essential toproper care of facial beauty. Try it.Phone 1010516 Hainliver and thirty feet of bowels with-'out gnping. Cascarets contain nocalomel and can be depended upon tomovekth,sour bile and poison Tightout of the bowels. Best family cathartic because it never cramps or sickCross willTefcurn to the armlicant the Iens line other things. (adv)ss ' ' ' 1 1 'n 1 r a- Kv J V -Hill V, - "v ifiwtrnMnr :38- UfT s- .-r-Ud one bf these 20D f -iV AsBsaff?SBBBBek(flPK':HaSSBBBBBBBBBBBBkzmmLaTVnlipntinn TYinTVorl "annvAna1 ' ytvUES rOR SENDING OVERSEASXHAS PACKAGES.When packed the box should betaken, unsealed and unwrapped, totne nearest colection stationdesignated by the Red Cross, readv for in-... ispection. Together therewith the ap-War Trade Board issues rules for proved application should be presentthe shipment of Christmas packages, ed. Red Cross representatives areto our soldiers overseas. ,' authorized to remove objectionableOne parcel each man and under 3 ,articlesfrom parcels.,pounds. I After inspection; the Red CrossSender must be provided with label. will affix sufficient postage to carryt,y person for whom gift is intended, j the parcel to its" ultimate destination,parcels to members qf the American The parcels are to remain in theCross Station before delivery to Post custody of the Red Cross until deOffice authorities. Time limit, Nov. livered to the postal authorities.20. v ' None Accepted After November 30.The War Trade Board issues the No Christmas package will be acf olio wing: cepted by the Red Cross for shipmentAccording, to a new ruling (W. T. after November 20, 1918.B. R. 305), shipments of Christmas If the American Red Cross-has apparcelsto members of the American proved the forwarding of a packageExpeditionary Forces may be made under special license RAC-43, andunder special license RAC-43 (de- the inspectionabel of the Red Crossuci.iucu.xn n. . . ", wj.v.iv5u..ia amxea xnereto it is uimep.essnrvthat the sender complies with theregulations of the War Department,Red Cross, and Post Office Department tis to such shipments.These regulations provide that oneparcel will be accepted through theRed Cross by the War Department foreach soldier overseas.One Label for Each Soldier.Each soldier will be provided withto apply to the War Trade Boardfor further permission to ship underthis license. .COLDS AND GRIPPE YIELDTO CALOTABS OVERNIGHTTo break up a cold over night or toout short an attack of influenza ormo Christmas label. This label will 'grippe, physicians and drufirrfstsarehe forwarded by him to the person now recommending Calotabs, the newin the United States from -whom he ausealess calomel, that is purified-wishes to receive his1 package. Pak-from- all dangers and sickening ef3ges that do notjaeas this label will': e(ts. Those who have tried it sayTiot be accepted by the Red Cross jthat it acts like magic, by far morefor delivery to the Post Office author- effective and certain than the oldities. Christmas parcels must be style calomel, heretofore recommended by all physicians.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sI all. . No salts, no nausea nor theplaced in cardboard boxes 3 by 4 by9 inches in size. These boxes will beprovided to holders of labels by theAmerican Red Cross, and together-with each box will be given complete , slightest interference with eatinginstructions regaraing tne articles work or pleasures. Next morningffhich may be sent, and a list of the ft our 'cold has vanished and, yourarticles which are barred bythe postal whole system feels refreshed and purauthorities. When the parcels are ified. Calotabs is sold only in origpacked, but unwrapped, they must inai sealed packagesvprice thirty-fiveuu, wciSi xuui.c iuau c iiuuuua xu . cents. Recommended andounces.guaran-wC v . v !.-,, iJ bv a11 druggists. Your moneyTfiicn wn.cu, mc uua, auuuiu we . back if you are not detaken unsealed and unwrapped tothe nearest collection station designated by the Red Cross, ready for inspection. The Red Cross, representatives are authorized to remove objectionable articlesvfrom parcels. Thedelighted.(adv)CHANCE TO CONSERVE.Texas -will Rpvrl in fhe Amprifanl j ! i j.t. j i i -sr- -." -wpl " j Jtemam J? i"11,? cuawuy i soldiers in France a great quantityof the Red Cross until delivered to 0f sweet potatoes dried in such a waythe postal authorities: that fifty-six pounds of the tubersShipments of Christmas parcels : to: 'are-reduced to eleven pounds without(a) mdividuals servingin the Red virteaiTi tn -croi0 rn , orSw 1S..Cs.t!.iS-SS? 'f the speeches in the Congressional, vww ...j, r -Kecord could not be similarly treatedof the United States or the allies in hur.den on eJSt'mEurope, or in connection with the .' 'herVand IhtpmlXTo - I CHAMBEELWS CO0GH EEM-(b) individuals serving in the J 11.armies of the allies in Europe or in . . . .. . . ..any of the allied Expeditionary Forces I Vojiot imagine that because otherelsewhere may be made under, special cough medicines failed to give youHcense RAC-43 only by the Kearest relief that it will be the sajme withliving relative in the United States Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Bearof the proposed recipient. If the itL d tnat from a smalleginnlngsender is not a relative of the pro- this remedy has gained a world wideposed recipient, "he is not-permitted reputation and immense sale. Ato make shipment under these special medicine pust have exceptional meritChristmas regulations. Christmas par- to win esteem wherever it becomeseels so shipped must conform to the known,regulations as to sizend contents de- j .. (adv-nov)WORLD'S GREATEST EFFORTtThis yearis International LiveStock Exposition will present thelargest array of live stock ever gathered together. It is a matter for congratulation, that the United Stajteshas been-able not only to preserve butaugment its seed stock during thewar period, while European herdsand flocks have either been destroyedor depleted. SThis seed stock is'of inestimablevalue and much of it is not for saleat any price. It represents theachievement of American and European breeders during many years,both across the Atlantic and on thishemisphere.these herds and flocks will go toEurope during the reconstructionneriod. and the V1918 International"will afford an unprecedented oppor ;tunity xo witness tne present animalwealth of the North American continent. The "International" is the world's.greatest live stock display At enormous increase in expense, both byexhibitors and the management,this show has been staged this yearwith added features and increasednumbers. Breeders have not onlyloyally responded to the requestOfthe management for a creditable display, but displays will show that advancement has been made during aperiod of unprecedented stress.This gigantic exhibit jmay not bepossiblejof repetition during the postbellum period, hence we urge seeingthis wonderful show during the firstrweek in December. (It). 1 1 HaSWITZERLAND EXPOSES, ANOTHER CUTE "KULTUR" PLAN, ,Regulations intended to preventGerman-owned firms with factoriesin Switzerland fropi exporting theirproducts under the guise of Swissgoods after the war have been adopted by the Swiss Chamber of Commerce in connection with the establishment of a new national trademark for all Swiss exports.The regulations provide ' that useof the trade-mark be confln'ed -tofirms. two-thirds of whose capital isSwiss and to goods that actually aremade in Switzerland exclusively bythe Swiss. It is known, that manyLfirms operating in the country whichare ostensibly Swiss have ,been established by German capital, or acquired from their original owners byGenman manufacturers, in order thatan apparently neutral outlet mightbe secured for German-made goodsin thepost-war period. The president of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce is quoted in .advices here "asstating that control of these ,will notbe easy, but that the chamBer isalive to the probability of improperuse of the trade-mark and Swiss manufacturers are being asked to bringcases of this kind to official notice.letters comeou know yourown TeelinftSj - JAuihoritiesagree that a greatmany people can drink cofteewithout japparent hapin, m:If coffee, doesn't disagree keeporivvithit.. . .But if you think cofree is thecause of youi!iheadachea nervousness, bfeart :f lufcier; or sleeplessness, qiut coffee teridays anddnnKA DUSTY courier slid off Ms motors-cycle at the big double butin a French town and tramped up to the canteen.r'Got a note for the secretary from my commanding officer;he said. He handed a piece of paper across, the counter to a smiling;,middle-aged man. ' . 'This is the note the Secretary read::- We landed here three days ag&r-mileafrom anywhere.Can you send us soma supplies, especially writing.paper? This is the first chance the boys have hadto write home and we have no paper to give them.vxtjtS 'if- ' i "- I1? 1 -r1 - If- "sal 7PV?I1'ft.- yVifN4TheNolder man looked tip and grinned.Got you-ayray off in the woods,, have they?" -F 11 say they have!Can you carry anything?'"AU you'llgive mef" ' . ., From the shelves the secretarytook big pafckages of paper n&envelopes. , . jr-4Toomuch?M He asked. 7(-N "It will'be'gone ten minutes after I' get back! " said the boy. J&trTsnrtiarh " fViA .CArirAfarrr TsrAnf nri "PHHtitta rrt a fnV K-1 with more supplies and a man to stay witfi you. And tell the boy''that if their letters are finished, Q bring them back with me tonightand get them into the mailsAn hour later that motor-cyclist whizzed into v camp, loadeddown with writing paper, and, in ten minutes letters were beingwritten to 200 American homes.The United War Wdrk orgaiiizations know what letters meankto American soldiers. They know that fighters want tQ get letters' and want to write letters; v" ,So in every hut and on every ship your boys find writing-paper,envelopes, ink, pens and pencils, and tables where they can get off bjthemselves and tell the folks back home how things are going.Millions .of sheets are giv?n away free every week to Americanboys overseas. That is why the letters you get from, your boy artwritten on the stationery of one of these organizations. - It is one ofthe plans to bridge the Atlantic. Help keep the letters coming IYour dollars wUh supply a whole Company for several days,deep toclay; help to binji together France and'herel- Why you, should give twice as muchas you ever gave before!Tht nd la for a tarn of 70 greater than any ,gtft rr aaked for tBOca'tW-world began. The Government has fixed this nm at llOtOtOOO.By givtog to these seven organizations. all at once, tke -cost andjefibrtof six-addidonal campaigns is saved. f 'Unless Americans do give twice as much as ever before our soldiers and saOoromay not enjoy daring 1019 their:3,600 Recreation Buildings1,000 Miles of Movie Film100 Leading Stage Stars2,000 Athletic Directors2,500 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books85 Hostess Houses ,15,000 Big-brother secretaries"alillions of dollars of hosoe coifortsWhen you give doubleyou- males stirs' that every fighter has the cheer andcomforts of theseseven organizations every step of the wayfraa home to thefront aad back again. You provide him with a church, a theatre, a cheerful home,a store, a school, a club and an athletic field and a knowledge tfeattbe talks back.home are with him, heart and soul IYou have loaned your money to supply-their physical needs.Now give to maintain the Morals that is winning the wailHi(rfcir.iONIU'D WAR WORK CAMPAIGN. -'j . Ti - v . Xtt.hLCK Y.W.CA.NATL CATHOUC WASCOUNCIL JCtfC-JEWISH WJLTAaS'BOAJiaWAX CAMP09MMUN1TY IXRVJCSAMERICAN LlRAJUflf ASSOCIATION(SALVATK3H AXHTVJKfta..iAVtr't fyl vL.(8ALVATWH AKMT J f(1Now that the boys "Over The re have won the war for ' utifm&m-shoW our gratitude by GIVINGLIMIT for them.SLrf::f7j. i r&-, -r ,,I ' .$I I.'" ' . ' s-It VS L .&-?'yr -' Wy. vstr ',. i r r r w " t. " ;r .. - - ww.? i - ,- V i , f- 1. -iJ$tf -ri. &rJ.vlArST3w-"tZ-THE2AGE EIGHT.rBOUEBOH .HEWS.FRIDAY,, NOlzz r'j t1 " j-j . ' 1Mu,-Viie 4BULLERSBURG.-fr-The many friends of Dr. Cotfieririll be glad to learn of Ms improvement, y .-'' :-i-Mrs. WL S Shaaklin, of Owfcigs-yilje, is tiie guest of ier aunfc-iVtrs,'XT. Moffett. tl r " v , 'Timjil, arrived Thursday as the guestbftilier parents, Dr. and Mrs. W. G.Bailey. '?? Misses Martha, and Anna Gar3i$tt, of Lexington, and ChaplainHA&ger, of the IT. S. Navy, wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller,TUesday. 1 1 ''""" ' 'x' Mrs. f Earl Insko and. little son,B03iis'ar1fnski; moved from theirliocne on Trigg, avenue," to that of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ghas. Roberts6n, on So&tli Main-'street; Monday.' The time for presenting labelsfor your, overseas boxes has been extended fromvNovepiber 15 to 20. ' Present yolir labels to Miss Alice Ingels,at Ingels Bros., and receive n yourbpfces.y Mrs." Vickers of Glasgow, andlrs. Moore, qt Franklin, have arrived, at the home of Mr. Nat Collier,St., .to visit their brother, Dr. J. C.Corner, of Paris. Dr. Cqmer, who hasbeen, seriously ill with pneumonia forseveral weeks, is improving slowly,ami is, now considered out of danger..-t Mrs. Cox, of Tilton, who has beeninader treatment at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, for several weeks, arrived Saturday at theiojne of her parents. Mr. and Mrs.Henry Patterson. She was met there"by Iier husband. Rev. Cox, who onMonday was stricken with Spanish.iiJiuenza, but is doing nicely at thiswriting. This is-the only new casewfe have to report.' VMrs. C. B. Smith left Monday forQwensboro, where she attended thefjincral of her brother-in-law, Dr.Bdftlori, on Tuesday, returning Wednesday. Mrs. Boston was formerlyMiss Mary Smedley, the youngest'daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.t.t;G. Smedley. ftjiss Smedley waslimited in marriage to -Dr. Bostonitequt nineteen years ago. They haveresided at Taylor,. Texas, the greater3$tt of their married life. Sometime ago Dr. Boston came to Owens,ro on a visit to relatives. Whiletiore he was seized with Spanish influenza. His wife; however, reachedhir bedside before his death, heyw5f,rje Jtne". parents of three children,iv.Ijo remained at "home.."-f-There was, great rejoicing inf yHersbug early Monday morningTjhenit was learned that Germany.kkd signed the armistice. All the2efls qf the town rang for quite awhile, .automobile horns were hearderprywhere, country people came totown as fast as "machines could bringtj&n herev the M. M. I. cadets turned6jj&m full .parade, and there -was indeed 'two hours of happiness, mingledwith two hours of complete confustionv .The celebration was again repned at about seven p. m. Everything in the way of fireworks thatcould be gotten was used,. The display was beautiful and noisy, as everything that could make a noise wasutilized. Men, women and childrenckeered until they were hoarse, automobiles paraded the streets decorat-.-eliln flags and bunting with every--tkkig-conceivable about them thatcqiUd pnake a noise. There were no.;SMQkers. Everyon tried to see who. eould make the most noise and xmtirf Bute -all they could to the hJKyz&ad. joyful confusion. There was notdisorder, on ther'part of anyone, todno one carriedrthe thing too far. Itis mi event1 tat? will' always live inthe minds of ihosewho took part init,. OTybeJtiel4; tC-. . -,. .- :?c--MV. Gano Duncan and familywill move tOxiL.awrenceburg; whereMr. 'Duncan .will-serve xas managerXor th'eAnderson.Home TelephoneCompany "tosubc4&T Mr. ,J. C. Head,whqwilU'ta&echargof the Nicholas 'HqmerGcjrnpany. Mr. Duncan nasServed, as. localjinanager for theBourbofr Home, tympany forseveralyears; Hel4nd;:nis .wifelcjame into ourcommunHy, as ... grangers ana navemaae a. jumper w-inenas wuu regreu;heir departUjrdjMr. - Duncan hasrendered "splendid service to the pat-'rons and operators. He is a thoroughbusiness man and tries to serve allalike, making no discriminations. AH;who know these good people wishthejtn much happiness and unboundedsuccess in their new field of labor.Mr. Duncan will be succeeded as localmanager here by Mr. Chas. McDaniel,who, with his wife will move hereto-day from Little -Rock. Mr. McDaniel until recently has resided atEwing. Last August he took chargeof the work at Little Rock and by hisstrict attention to business, coupledwith his ability to try to serve allwith whom he came in contact, wasrecently promoted to the Millersburgoffice, and will enter on his dutieshere to-day. His wife will take theplace on the board formerly held byMrs. Duncan. "feB fe 1!SCUT H.0WERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose where,flowers may be used. Prompt atten'tion given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent., 101 sMATRIMONIAL.' tvDEATHS. . -r v!Ak ..., , MAHORlpJYJv V 7'JTf--Another name. has-been added tqthe list -of Bourbon county Ijoys.jichdhave- died inr the senrice jgf Jtheir Jcouniry,- ana wna in masing tnjs.BUxpreme sacrifice haVe made -for them-'selves a place secure in the memqriesof their fellowpnen.- for all .time.Private James Mahorney, a, natjve ofRuddles Mills, where his parents stilb;reside, died in a base hospital: inPrance on October . 3 ,r,-f rojii' woundssustained 4n, one of ihe big' battles'that have .helped to decide ,the warfor-liberty and rights. .The information v oj:JPriv.ate .Mahorney's, death came to his parents,'Mr. and. Mrs. -Henry. B. Mahorney, in,the 'shape of a telegram from .the'War Department. Private Mahorneywas born in this county on January20, JL887, and at the time of his, deathwas-in his thirty-first year. , He wasa member of the Bourbon,-eountydraft, and was inducted .into the serrvice of the United States on April 29,1918, when he accompanied the Bourbon county -contingent to,. .CampZachary Taylor. Propn there the wentwith a large numbers of other .Kentuckians composing the 84th Division, to Prance, in -June.He is survived by his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry B. Mahorney, ofRuddles Mills, one brother, Mr." JohnMahorney, and. four sisters, Mrs.Claflue Fowler, Mrs. Bedford Whitson and Miss Nellie Mahorney, all ofRuddles Mills, and. Mrs. WilliamTaylor of Harrison, county. "Private-Mahorney was a man whowas well liked by his comrades andby his civilian friends, who were alegion themselves. He had a jovialdisposition and one of his comradesremarked on one occasion, as tqld inletters written to his parents: ."I'llbet Mahorney would .be jolly, andgood natured even if he had tojiangor shoot the Kaiser, in itself not adisagreeable duty."OVERLEY TAPP.-Hiss Mamie' Belle Overley, ofCynthiana, and Mr. Chester L. Tapp,of PaVis, were married in Cynthianarecently.- CHERRY MITCHELL.Mr. Carl D. Mitchell, of Paris,and Miss Virginia Cherry, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Cherry, of Paris,secured a marriage license in theFayette County Clerk's office in Lexington, Wednesday; and were married shortly after by Magistrate Chas.M. Parrish, in his office.The groom is at home on a furlough, being a member of the Engi-neeri-ng'Departpnent on the U. S. SSouth Carolina, stationed on theAtlantic coast. The bride is an attractiye young woman.. FLOYD MANSFD3LD.The jmarriage, of Mr. WilliamWorth Mansfield, formerly of Paris,and Mrs. Arrithe Floyd, of Danville,was celebrated at the home of theofficiating clergyman, in Pe'rryville,Boyle county, Monday afternoon.The groom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.W. W. Mansfield, of Boyle county,and is a brother of Mrs. GilbertLytle, Mrs. Thos. Kiser and Mr. Monroe Mansfield, all of this city. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Clell Melborne, of Danville,, Mr. andMrs. Mansfield will make their homewith his parents, near Danville.IjTvIfc-INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your 'policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders Bank' RELIGIOUS. ;-The meeting of'th KentuckyBaptist General Association, yrhichwas to have been held this week inCampbellsvilleKy., has been postponed because of conditions broughtabout by the influenza, epidemic.Ministers and elders of thVPresbyterian churches in Lexington andthe vicinity have extended an invitation to the Synod of Kentucky to holdits annual meeting this fall in theFirst Presbyterian church of thatcity. This meeting was to have beenheld in Nicholasville, beginning October 10, but was postponed on account of the influenza-epidemic.The Convention of the Synod ofthe Province of Sewanee, which wasto have been held in the ChristChurch Cathedral, of Louisville, onNovember 9, 10 and 11, has been-can-celedat the request of the bishops ofthe church because of the war Situation. This-convention of the Episcopal Church is represented Hy-thebishops of all the States south, bf theOhio River and from the MississippiRiver to the Atlantic coast.BROTHER OF PABIS MAN'COMMITS SUICIDE.MUlinHllllllHIMIHllHIIHHUHMMMMMHtHJkm:-',r'Mainand SixthStreetrAdd Casey, aged forty-two, wellknown in Paris, shot and killide himself at the h,ome of his father, formerSheriff W. T. Casey, at Sunrise, inHarrison county, Monday. The weapon used was a shotgun. The,,chargeentered the heart and death was intantaneous. Sidney Casey's barn) at Sunrise, inHarrison county, was burned, together with its , contents, Saturdaynight. An automobile, 1,500 "sticksof tobacco, farm implements, harness,feed, etc., went up in smoke. Capt.Mulllkin, of Lexington, was telephoned to bring his bloodhounds tothe scene in an effort to trace theincendiary. He brought the dogs ina machine, -passing through Paristhat morning. The dogs took thescent readily, and perisistently led toAdd Casey, who was sitting, onafence at some distance from 'tliehouse. It is thought that the suspicion thus aroused hastened thejman in his determination to take hisown life.Casey was a brother of JoTin H.Casey, of near Paris. He was DeputySheriff of Harrison county under hisfather. The burial took place inthe Cemetery at Sunrise, in Harrisoncounty, "Wednesday morning,, at teno'clock, with services held ; at thegrave. v?sr Ifis 1ftHOOVER SAYS POOD PRICES WILLNOT DROP AT ONCEimmediate dropping of food pripes"as a result of the conclusion of anarmistice cannot ybe expected, FoodAdministrator Hoover declared in astatement, which added that" whilethe prices of some foodstuffs will decline, others will increase: 4tWith the war effectually over,",sail Mr. Hoover, "we enter--a neweconomic era and its immediate effect on prices is difficult to anticipate.The prices of some f ood .commoditiesmay increase, but others will, decline,because with liberal shipping accumulated stocks in the Southernhemisphere and the Far East will beavailable. ' The demands , upon theUnited States will change in characterbut not In volume.""All activities of the Food Administration will be continued throughthe armistice Terlod,"- said Mr.JBfoovev adding that "there wilie W relaxation of efforts to keep downprofiteering to the last moment."""The maintenance of the embargo,"he-continued, i-'will prevent .depletionof our Stocks by hungry Uuroje below our .necessities, and anyone y?hpcontemplates' speculation ' in f dodiagainst the neis of -these people can" .! rtSS&Si. . "t ' '- V-y ' t r ,fT .. "v"- , f., V r . i' - --... ;0 C-JS7iThe J. T. Hinton Co. !!UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht r . .56or Home 286-Meter quipimnt.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only..amtftaHHiVHHivaviaaKJbHBBbIIIIIIIIIIHbIIIIIIIIHAejBaaaaaaaaaaajBajBajBaajBajBjBaaaaaaaKBeAMMIilaaaaeiaaaaaaaaaaaeoojweoBishopping Earlyossolmsomiisstniiimiig.' k ? 'oooeeoAUncle Sam asks everybody to.buy. early. this year so asrto relievethe., congestion on the raiirqads.around the Holidays. ''' ' -We've done OX3H "part' aridordered a fine line of . Sellers 'wayahead of time. Now YQXJ daYOURS." Visit us to-day! Foryou'll certainly want to includa inyour holiday list for -mother, wifeor sister, aSELLERSX. vB . I Iwa aIi I. Oiiicucii vciumci: :i The Best Servant in Your HouseWorks Without Wages the Year AroundBought on the easiest terms in the SAVED Puts 200 odd NEEDEBworld once in the kitchen saves price cooking articles right at your finger endsvhundreds of times over in trouble, steps, Keeps your kitchen, orderly. Systematnervous energy and cooking material izes and EASES your work.15 Long-Wanted FeaturesThousands of women own this won- in any other Kitcken Cabinet. Madafaderful Kitchen Cabinet. Has 15 long- mous by its adoption in Good Housekeepwanted labor-saving features unfindable ing Institute's Model Efficiency KitchenLet lis demonstrate it TO-DAY! Costs nothing to beshown. Satisfaction guaranteed if you purchase.s -A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnlrtf Sts. CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opposite Court HousereelDON'T DELAY!- , Now is thejime when every dollarmust do its . utmost to buy yourMandwinteri.-.. .FootwearAt the Great Economy Shoe Center.Our system of buying Shoes "and Rubbers inin endless quantities means ABSOLUTELY THELOWEST PRICES FOR YOU!Your personal inspection will assure you ofthis -factThe most beautifulful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots . inall sizes anil widthsatAt Bargain Prices !ri J 'i v , hi 712M-fefSaturday SpecialsMisses' Gun Metal Button-$3,00 values at....1 AH I Men's Tan Work Shoes1L.VV$3w50 values at..2.69Ladies' Mahogany , TaxiBoots, tialf tops, vat. ,.,...LadiesBootsS?!B.h.$5,00ies' Mahogany Tan: English ajo Attts, cloth topstb matchj at. . . . .'.0.90-Ladies' Dark GreyBoote, Turns, djC QCcustom made, at ..... : . . i j7uLadies' Gun Metal Englii Boots ojo A Qwing tip, low heel, at r.w&$2.49Ladies' Gunlow heel at.Metal,button.Men's. Dark Tan English WalkOver at ilien's, Tan English, Best Makes,at-: y -Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over,JEngli shMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wearing Shoes, heavy flexible solesBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoesat 1$5.00$4.50$3.49$4,00$3.49a arm aTSiLMINHParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign,.: t .i n.i . , i' . --:. - .'. 1 is sk l . .BMIBBaiaiiaaBaaasiii.rai .:-7 T -' , r ;j t ,.- jLr.y J ' : ... . ;. V-v-s s- xfAMMaaajataaaiMBaaBaiaaiaeei c - . v x - - -7-: - - - - --- -I:3tii