,J, M.'.( u-PUBLISHED EVERY N TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.J .VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1918THE-BOURBONNEWS, V." - v"-V,3.-?7KFULENZA SITUATION HERENOT SO REASSTJRING.That the influenza situation inBourbon County is hecoming alarming is more apparent each day, withmany new cases of the disease reported by physicians. With thewhole-hearted co-operation of thepeople and the City and CountyBoards of Health, it is hoped that thedisease may 'not reach the proportions of an epidemic.At a meeting:" - of the BourhonCounty Chapter of the Red Cross, atwhich the members of the Board orHealth were present, the situation,was discussed from every angle anddrastic means will be taken to compel everyone to strictly adhere to therules laid down by the State and localBoards of HealthIt has been proposed to use the Masonic lodge rooms in this city, andperhaps the Y. M. C. A. building- tobe taken over as emergency hospitals,in case the Massie Memorial Hospitalshould be unable to care for a largernumber of cases than its capacity.An order was received by Mr. Geo.R. Davis, Saturday night to bringhis ambulance to the farm of Mr. Edward Simms, on the North Middletown pike, formerly the E. K.Thomas place, to bring ten peoplewho were afflicted with the disease tothe Massie Hospital. The J. T. Hinton Co.'s ambulance has also beenbusy on similar errands.The Board of Health urgently requests everyone to remain at hqme asmuch as possible, and to Tefrain fromgathering in crowds on the streets or itheir homes. With everyone usingthe proper precautions to prevent thefurther spread of the disease it isthought it will soon be gotten undercontrol. ' ,The Board of Health is making aspecial request of the people of thiscity and all others who may be in thecity, who happen to have a cold, notto spit on the pavements or in public places in the city, as the germsare liable to get in the air and infectsomeone. This is one of the mostfruitful forms of spreading disease,especially diseases of the characterof influenza. The Board is empowered to compel an observance of thisrequest as a fine of $5.00 can be imposed for each offense, under the provisions of an ordinance passed by theCity Council. But they trust that asense of decency and a realization ofthe obligations everyone owes tosomeone else, will impel the people'to strictly observe the anti-spittingorder.In a large number of cities in theUnited States a fine of $5.00 has beenimposed -for failure to cover themouth and nose with a handkerchiefor other gerjm-absorbing substancewhen sneezing or coughing. Now,will not our people be careful andshow their appreciation of others'welfare and not scatter disease by alittle carelessness.With regard to the necessity ofopening an emergency hospital, MissBoehme, Superintendent of the Massie Memorial Hospital, stated yesterday: -"We have just completed arrangements for the care of twenty-two additional patients suffering with theinfluenza or pneumonia, and if anemergency arises we can, by utilizingother available space, take care offifty additional patients. Massie Hospital now has only five cases of theinfluenza, all' of which are doingwell."The Louisville & Nashville officialsTeport a total of 167 cases of-the influenza on this division Saturday,with new cases devolping daily. TheBoard of Health has issued positiveorders, which the police have beeninstructed to see carried out to thevery letter, that -no Hallowe'en celebrations be allowed. Person's will beprohibited from appearing on thestreets in masks or other Hallowe'encostumes, and no gatherings of overeight persons jrill be permitted."Conditions have arisen," said aParis physician, "where the mostdrastic measures will have to beevoked if the people do not come to afull realization of the danger theyare facing. In the minds of manythere exists a doubt as to the seriousness of the situation, so they areprone to get careless and indifferentas to the precautions urged by theBoard of Health."At a meetinsr of the BourbonCounty Red Cross, presided over byjmr. a. a. nancocK, aeuniie pictuo emu.arrangements were made in combating the influenza here. Members ofthe Board of Health and Mr. Chas.G. Daugherty, City Health Officer,"were present, and took part in theproceedings. It was determined tofollow a plan of preparedness so thatin the event that it became necessary rooms might be available totake proper care of every poorperson in the city who (may .becomevictims of the disease, and to keepthem isolated.Barters were notified that failureto wear masks while serving theircustomers would, be -sufficient causefor -their places of busfness beingclosed. - At every home where thereis a case of. the influenza cards ?nnouncing that fact must be posted upin a conspicuous place. Main streetwill be flushed every day when practicable, as a part of the sanitary planin handling the situation.A request has been made by Dr. J.M. Williams, of the Board of Health,that the people of the city and countyrefrain from calling their physiciansflVAr fht tAlTiirvn for the TDUrDOSe ofmaking useless inquiries. He stated Jthat the physicians of ,tnevcuy anacounty are working might and day intrying to take care of -the, sick andthat they are oftenMmpellecM;o losevery valuable time im. ref lying to tel-,GERMANY ' MAKES REPLY TQPRESIDENT'S LATESTDEMAND.COPENHAGEN, Oct. 28. Germany's answer to President Wilson'slatest communication sas:"The German government has takencognizance of the answer of the President of the United-States."The President is aware of the farreaching changes which have beencarried out and are being carried outin the Geiaan constitutional structure, and that peace negotiations arebeing conducted by a people's government in whose hands rests, both actually and constitutionally, the powerto make the deciding conclusions."The military powers are also subject to it."The German government nowawaist proposals for an armistice,which shall be the first step towarda just peace, as the President hasdescribed it in his proclamation.(Signed) , "SOLF."tLONDON, Oct. 28. The German'Reichstag bya great majority hasadopted a bill placing the militarycommand under control of the civilgovernment, according to an Exchange Telegram dispatch from Co-penhagan.BASEL, Oct. 28. Austria's rejoinder -to President Wilson's note isready, according to Vienna papers.. Itwas submitted to authorized quartersand will be sent at once to Washington, It is couched in the most conciliatory terms.U. S. ENGINES IN USE ON THISDIVISION.The hoarse whistle of the new U.S. freight engines of the Louisville& Nashville leads people ,to think atroup train is en route throughParis. These new engines, sixty ofwhich were built by the Baldwin Locomotive Worke for the Louisville &Nashville, are veritable (monsters ofsteel, and perform wonders in hauling long trains of heavily-loaded cars.One of these engines passed over thislinethrough Paris, Saturday, 'drawing eighty-five cars. The engines areequipped with an automatic arrangement by which coal is fed into thefire box in a steady stream, insuringplenty of steam. The fireman, bymeans of a button arrangement, isenabled to control the coaling, andalways has on a- good head of steam.The Louisville & Nashville will placeseveral piore of these big engines onthis division. Owing to light rails onthe Maysville division, the enginescannot be used on that line.IBl US ISPAY YOUR WATER RENT .Water rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.ephone inquiries from people askingabout the condition of sick patients.The influenza situation in Kentucky has not improved and may besaid to be worse in the State as awhole, although conditions in military camps and in Louisville aremuct better, according to Dr. 'JohnG. South, president of the StateBoard of Health, who said there is noprospect of an early raising of theban even, for outdoor meetings of anykind. A meeting of the Board ofHealth will be held in Louisville tomorrow. Dr. South said that while medicalauthorities believe the epidemic willsoon decline, it was thought that thecrest has not yet been reached.Conditions in Central Kentucky,where the number of cases decreasedaily, are . much better than in theeastern and western parts of theState, where the American Red Crossis doing (much to better the deplorable situation by providing doctorsand nurses for the stricken district.Barren and Muhlenburg counties aresuffering as much from the disease asthe worst districts 'in Eastern Kentucky, he, declared, and while suchconditions prevail in any part of theState the Board of Health will continue its restrictions.With the election a little less thana week off, Dr. South said the Boardwill not' consider outdoor politicalmeetings or speakings, and that tentative plans of( campaign managersfor such events, must be abandoned.Withthe general health of theState, which, because: of' the influenza-pneumonia,,epidemic, has been indire peril for" more than, a (month,greatly, improved in many communities, although th$ condition, is a, bitworse in a few. counties, the Kentucky State Board of Health has called a conference for to-morrdw to determine whether to lift the" closurewhich was, established October 6.The meeting, will be held in Louisville. Dr. McCo.rmack said the purpose ofthis meeting is to decide whether, inthe opinion of' the .Health Boardmembers and those whose testimonywill be requested, it will1 be safe toremove a majority, if not all, of therestrictions,. by the latter part of, theweek. . . ' ',"I am quite sure it would not oewise to reax, at this time, any of thepreyentive measures in' force, but itis possible that they can be madelees dxUc;withins.anothervweek,V'Df.McConnackaid. . -IWE ARE NOW BACK -TO THE OLDTIME AGAIN.fcftwt001?ock Sunay morning."o ujuixeu oratesreverfpd tn ioiiuiwdj time standard by turning: allrr " W11C uauon Dacir one hour.Thus Uncle Sam returned to Father-time tne nour which is no longer ofuse to him, but which has served themuuwy weil during the late spring,nci a,uu eany tan, and savedmany hours of valuable daylight.Sunday piorning was chosen forturning the clocks and watches back,just as a Sunday morning was cho&anfor turning them ahead, because thatis the dullest time of the yreek andfew trains are scheduled to maketheir departure. Many Paris peopledid not wait until even midnight,but turned their clocks and watcheseither back one hour or eleven-hoursahead, which brought the same result. Many remained up until midnight, so as to make the change, exactly at that ghostly hour. Mosthousekeepers ,made the change iWtime before retiring Saturday nightIt had been suererestprl Tw ninnirniT.been suggested bv olnnirmsiif-ers that the clocks not be turned Say,but that they simply be stopped forone hour and the pendulum started,again. In this way it was possibleto avoid the injury to the works,said to result when the hands of awatch or. a clock are turned backward. Personally THE NEWS regrets thereversion to the old time, as theworld seemed to be getting along famously under the new arrangement.The shank of the evening now comesin the deepest twilight, and in a tewjmore weeks it will bring five o'clockin uuer darkness.IBS tel ISSTOVES, STOVES. ' 'You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells -that areixd-uie to lurn-up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.fe "C3 ICUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns foivfunerals, weldings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may, be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) N Florist Agent.Jsa fca teLIGHTLESS NIGHTS AGAIN TO BEDESERVED.Mr. Lafon Allan,, of Louisville, -hasbeen appointed Director- of the Enforcements of United StatesPuel Ad-ministration for Kentucky. TheCounty Chairmen are" requested tosee that lightless nights, which areMonday and Tuesday nights, be observed. Violators are liable-to a fineor assessment of not less than $5 ormore than ?100, which wilLbe givento the Red Cross.Any violator so desiring may makeappeal to Mr. Allan.m.. sI WE KNOW HOW I.-, - .An Ounce of Prevention is Worth aPound of Cure. Your health and. jeomfort are worth more than yourdollars.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesFor ,Winterare just what you need. If you suffer with cold feet, corns,bunions or callous places you will find great comfort inwearing Dr, Reed's Shoes, and eventually these troubleswill cease.. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made with a soft velvetlike cushion sole between the outer and inner soles, whichgives that ease and comfort to the foot, and keeps thedampness from creeping through the soles of the shoes.Calf Skins and Vici Kids, heavy and light soles$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes ForWinter Wearare now. on display, and you will find the same dependableshoes m Russian Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leathersthat have made the Nettleton the ideal shoes for the manwho wants style, service and comfort.$12 PER PAIRXIIIMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson 'Hats, Manhattan Shirts' Stein-BIoch Clothes - - '-ir-NEXT THURSDAY LIKELY TO BEQUIET HALLOWE'EN.This will bring us to the close ofuctober. the beautiful month nf Tmlia11 summer, which has been so ideal"" year, ior me weatner is some-thing all may enjoy to the fullest extent without feeling that they are de-Jiving anybody of anything, free tojal1 an-d a sure cure for the influenza.tiauowe'en will come on nextThursday, and its approach is evidenced by displays in some, not all ofthe show windows in Paris stores. Itwill not be observed with innumerable parties as in former times "before the war" or with any indoorgatherings on account of the influenza. There will not be manv fortunes tried, as all the Paris girlswill prefer to wait until our soldierhoys are back home again beforerisking seeing the wrong face in themirror or looking down the darkstairway without a glimpse of a uniform. . -The usual Hallowe'en .pranks willhe tabooed, the people then perhapstaking time to realize the true meaning of the season, that of inyokingthe blessing of the spirit of goodnessand charity for the poor and unfortunate of the earth and bespeak forthem a sharp in thp TlAntv nnrlabundant harvest of the autumn,thereby ushering in the Thanksgiving (month of November. Thesespirits are supposed to be out in fullforce on the night of Hallowe'en, andbringing happiness -to those who believe that good will always be in-the ascendency for the well-belfevedand those who are careful not to proyoke others to wrath.The Red Cross Tea' Room willserve a special menu composed of allthe good things that usually make upa Hallowe'en dinner. This will beserved in the Rooms from 5:30 in theafternoon on up to a late hourThursday night. Inhere will be music,'fortune-telling, and other amusements that obtain on Hallowe'en, allin the subdued spirit of the times, inview of the war and the influenza.Our people must not let anythinginterfere with all the things necessary for efficiency. They must bemade finer all the time, and perhapshy next Hallowe'en there may be the.greatest Victory parade, the greatestColumbia. torchlight procession andthe greatest Hallowe'en celebrationthis city -has ever known.LOCAL GROCER WINS AWARD INyiT.TC PRODUCTS CONTESTMr. Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee .Cash Store, in this city, was oneof the prize-winners in the windowdisplay contest inaugurated sometime ago by the Carnation MilkProducts Co. Inasmuch as this contest included the TJnited States andCanada, and was participated in bythousands of dealers, it reflectedgreat credit upon, the enterprise andability of the Busy Bee Cash Store,when it was included among the successful contestants.-.--.-s;ill1 VKI. i' .IN THE SERVICE OF THMK.COUNTRY.The influenza tackled two fineBourbon county boys some time ago,Corp. Teddy Shannon, and his brother, Mike Shannon, both of this city,ana in the encounter the influenzawas finally knocked out. Both aredoing ?ell. Both are stationed atCamp Lee, in Virginia. Teddy is amember of the Bolloon ReplacementCorps, in the Aviation service.The 113 th Batallion U. S. SignalCorps, has reached France, after having spent nearly two years in intensive drilling and camp life at CampShelby, -near Hattiesburg, Miss. Lawrence H. Hill, son of Mr. and Mrs.George M. Hill, and Clem Moran,brother of Mrs'. Jas. E. Craven, ofParis, have written back home, announcing their safe arrival. Severalother Bourbon county boys are withthis batallion.Maj. Ellis Duncan, well-known inParis former Coroner and prominentphysician, of Louisville, has arrivedso-fely overseas. Mrs. Duncan, whoaccompanied him as far at New York,returned Friday to Louisville. MajorDuncan has at various times been aguest of Mr. J. Quincey Ward andother Bourbon county sportsmen atthelive bird and clay pigeon touraa-Iments at the' Hill Top Gun Club'sgrounds, near Paris.Mrs. Taylor T. Chandler, of Paris,recently received a letter from herbrother, McVey Howard, stating thathe had been transferred from theBrooklyn Navy Yard to one of theships now in South American waters,somewhere near Argentina. YoungHoward has been in the .naval servicefor several years, having enlistedduring thetrouble with Mexico. Hehas seen a great deal of the worldfrom the time he entered the serviceup to the present time.'Sergt. Newsum Keller arrived inParis, Sunday, from PJgeon-Point,near Wilmington, Delaware, on aten-days' furlough visit to his mother, Mrs. A. H. Keller,,, and family.Sergt. Keller was 'Jtfnsf erred onspecial duty from Qmp-Shbyjt-Hattiesburg,Miss., to Ft! Niagara,then to Pigeon Point, near Wilmington, Deleware. Sergt. Keller .was amember of Co. B., 113th Batallion,U. S. Signal Corps, which was stationed at Camp Shelby. He says hefeels decidedly lonesome,, w ith all therest of his command in France, itndhopes to be .able to join them soon.Sergt. Keller is in excellent health.Under date of Oct. 24, Mr. NathanH. Bayless, recently of Paris, whoenlisted in the Veterinary Corps ofthe U. S. Army some months ago,and was sent to Camp Lee, Va.,writes THE NEWS as follows:"Camp Upton, JLong isiana. i"I arrived here from Camp Lee,Camp Upton, Long Island.Virginia, yesterday, October 23, andI expect to leave here in a few daysto go aeross the Atlantic to wherebig things are going on. I wouldlike very much to get THE NEWS.I like to hear from the old town andthe friends back home. I wish youwould try to get THE NEWS sentto me while I am here. I apn welland feeling fine, and I am anxious toget across. I am in. the Sixteenth"Veterinary Hospital Unit."To be reported as being killed inaction, and yet turn up alive, andthen reported as missing,, in action,and yet able to be found, is the- situation in which a former Bourboncounty boy, . Private John W. Sergeant, of North Middletown, findshimself. In the War Department'sreport of the casualty list some timeago young Sergeant was reported ashaving been killed 'in action, andj later as missing. A few days ago hisfather, Mr. W. R. Sergeant, receiveda letter from his son, written froma French hospital, in which he stated that he had been wounded in acs;tion in one o'f the battles on August20, and had been talten to the hospital. " He said that owing to the nature of his wounds, he had been unable to write before. He isimproving. One of the Bourbon county nurses,who is doing splendid work in nursing the influenza cases at CampBuell, in Lexington, writes THENEWS, in part, as follows:"We certainly appreciate THENEW3 here. After I read it I takeit back to the Hospital, and read itto one of my patients, a. (Mr. Tate,from near Shawhan. Then I take itover to the other Hospital and read itto a Mr. Smart, who camevhere fromnear Ewalt's Cross Roads, in ourcounty. So you can see that THENEWS is"bringing good cheer to theBourbon county boys, as well as tothe tired nurses. We are holdingdown the influenza pretty Tvell hereat presents With over three hundred cases we have had only fourdeaths About sixty of the boyshave recovered sufficiently "to permitreturning to their homes, and theycertainlv were a happy lot when theyleft. They tried to express theirgratitude for what we had done., andwp understood just how they feltThree of the nurses are down. with Ithe inuenza. Two, were taxen outof the room where we sleep MissNelson, of Newport, and liss Sennist, of Covington, also Miss,' McChrystal,,of Lexington who washead nurse at the 'Massie MemorialTTnsnitAlin Paris: about-six months.iv- r----i ,- .,. s at v.otto had oar ot -an mree ewes.The people of Uexlngton are helpiigBOURRON WOMEN PRAISED FOCONTRIBUTIONS TO CAMPTAYLOR.Mrs. Nellie Highland, of Paris, whohad charge of the recent campaign inthis city and county for contributionof eggs and poultry to the sfck soldiers at Camp Taylor, received a. letter from the hospital vauthoritie, .stating that every need had now heectamply met, and that the Hospitalwas abundantly supplied with thesearticles. Mrs. Highland also-receir-ed letters from F. W. Lenz, ''FirstLieutenant, S. C. Mess Officer, at theBase Hospital, at Camp Taylor,thanking the good people of Bourboncounty for their generous response tovthe appeal for poultry and eggs and-'other articles so badly needed, for themen.With the needs of the men at CampTaylor satisfied Mrs. Highland hasnow turned her time and attention, to -thesituation in Paris. In conjunction with Mrs. Louis Taylor and MiaaElizabeth Steele, she is" using contributions of eggs and poultry in preparing food for the sick of Paris andthe county who are unable to provide these for themselves. Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse of tmBourbon County Health and WelfaraLeague, is attending to the work ofdistributing the broths, soups andother foods to the sick.Mrs. Highland and Mr. Charles P.Mann, who were (mainly instrumentalm taking care of and shipping- thedonations to Camp Taylor, deairethrough THE NEWS, to thank thepeople of Paris and Bourbon countyfor their generous response, and toassure them that if, they could butknow how much good their donationshave done in the cause of humanity,and relief of sickness among the boysrin the camp, they would feel morethan repaid.HMI4RED CROSS NEWS GRENADES 'The Scottish Women's Hospitals inEngland have received an additional$150,000 from the American RedCross, making a total or $325,000.The American Red Cross has given$240,000 to the Roman Committeefor Civilian Relief, for use during thewar, for distributing subsidies andgiving information to soldiers' families. Peasants in the country districts ofItaly are practically unaffected by theworld-wide food shortage. They havevegetables in plehly'anddatssttiplymost of the children's milk. Red Crossrelief work is mostly Tor the citiesand towns. 'The maternity hospital at Toul,France, now has the assistance of theAmerican Red Cross in caring for thechildren born there. Medical supplies and clothing are being supplied.riJ . i. "uff"hu.Care of the babies until they are twoyears of age has been arranged for.Thirteen Belgian military hospitals, accommodating about 9,000men, are now receiving Red Cros& iid,and directly back of the firing line,through the assistance of the RedCross, instant attention for soldierstoo badly injured for transportationto the" hospitals is being arranged forat surgical posts for 800 first Jine surgeons. -The Red Cross is going into thedairy business in France. With $5,000 set aside for the purpose andwith 1,000 cows loaned by the Frenckgovernment, a model dairy plant willbe established at the largest .Ameri-'can army hospital in France. Thedairy will be operated by convalescent soldiers. Fresh milk daily for20,000 injured fighting men' is expected. Similar 'uairies at all of theFranch base hospitals are contemplated. us nobly, and everything is beingdone that can be done to get theseboys well again." :Private Leo A. Welch, of the Twenty-seventhTrench and Motor Battery,who has been visiting his mother,Mrs. Mary Welch, and his sister. Mrs.James H. Shea, has returned to CampBowie, at Ft. Worth, Texas.'A letter was received, here a fewdays ago by Rev. Dr. R. F. Orr, fromhis son, Capt. (Dr.) Jas. A. Orr, whois a member of the Medical OfficersReserve Corps of the army in Franc.Capt. Orr stated that he was im Inehealth and' thoroughly contented.Miss Annie Camden, daughter offormer Unite'd States Senator ' Johm.- .son N. Camden, of Versailles; who,-"volunteered her services to the-Got-eminentfor .nursing" has received her ,call and will leave for Ft. Oglethorpe,Ga.,- to-morrow. Miss Camden lawell-known here.Rene Clark, formerly of "Pari,writes, THE NEWS that he has-heem'transferred from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station- to the-NavatBase Hcfepital, at Hampton. .Ttoads..Virginia: Mr. dark stated that e'has had a scrap with the Infutmi.and had: come out victor im tlie coatftst, ,He 'indicated Jtfathe "wouWvery likely fce Qyara iglaMife. "Young- Clark is imK otUmitb. Co. ISO. "U: S. r-vH4lt3rOattarvBase, at Hamilton RrtWiYawyJSK.(-'TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAEI& IT.4ftVill BOURBON NEWSktaklished 188136 Years of Continuous Publicationtrue increase,, because when prices jMAJOEITY'MAY DEPEND OH KK-rriWished Erery Tuesday &d PridayPar Year.. $2.00 6 Months.,. $1.00Payable Jn Adavance.SWOT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gBftUred at the Paris, Kentucky,Partofflce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Ay erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation o'mm ijerson, firm or corporation whichmaj appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrotsd if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for' first time; 50 cents per inchMcl subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineack 'issue; reading notices in blacktye,. 20 cents per line, each issue." Cards of thanks, calls on candidates obituaries and resolutions, andsdaBr matter, 10 cents per line.Social rates for 'large advertiseM lu'and yearly contracts.T&e right of publisher Is reservedte iecllne any advertisement or otherMatttfr'for publication.Aiiouncements for political officesKMl'Hnvariably be accompanied bytba.xash.are rapidly -rising, cheaper articlesare substituted by the producer aswell as by -the consumer. It is 'indicated that the rate of increase at thepresent time over that of Januarywould be obtained if about 6 per centor 7 per cent is added to all of theabove figures. The actual statisticsfail to bear out the generally accepted remark: "It costs twice as muchto live now as it used to."That the poople as a whole haveaccepted a lower standard of livingis proven by the official figures showing that the actual increase in annual expense runs form twenty-threeto thirty-one per cent in differentsections of the country"It is 'likewise interesting to followthe industrial situation, and to findout how it is hit by economic changes. The labor situation has become abig problem in all industries, owingto the rapid increases in wages. Thecost of materials, fuel and transportation has added to the burden of thesituation.TUGKY.- This paper has enlistedferijththe government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.. ' y A Long-Headed' Move.The old express companies' had aiar problem to figure out whentheywere left in "the trenches anddugouts, where they had been almostforgotten ifi, the process of the creating of the Railway Administration.Tkeywere just beginning to see dayligkiafter a period' of virtual reconstruction following the rate-slashingsof 1914- But the progressive menwho succeeded the old regime that.had fastened reproach upon the ex-Hjress business in the early days, mettheir problems and bVought about asatisfactory solution. The readjustment of the industry deserves to beranged as one of the best of constructive 'War time work. The RailwayAdministration gave its approval tothe mg merger of the principal companies; and as a result all the reforms in the methods of the railroadthat had resulted from Governmestt4; supervision -and control, wereacceptei byvthe express 'companies.'Mr. g&c Adoo, canned the plan of consolidation, and the formula " for hiscon&pi ofthe-'companies-as RailwayAdaffiiistrator, and.-' found the arrangement to be a splendid one fortb-rGovernment. While" the railxoMfe were quibbling about their contract with the Government, the ex-3tre companies naa their arrangezaeoits drawn up and put into operation" -1 -Aff the activities and methods ofreadbring .service1 were consolidatedim tjf express business, and a systemSsr- ra? division of responsibility as-weltas thV distribution of profits wasdevfted. in such a""manner as appearsto have really given UnclerSam aVe'ryfine-ctlaace-to pick up -some easysaoaey. However, transportation andprofits have not started running to,getkeras yet; as'-thus far the public3ias heard more about increasedckarges all along the line, than ariythif else. It isneverthless, a pleasant contemplation that all advancesin charges along t&ese lines have re-'salted in Jarge increases in wagestkrbkghout the country.Tka- present experiment in theGonment control and regulation ofthe express business is mighty interesting, particularly in view of thefaclKthat it Is likely to permanentlysephiie the postal system and thexi&s business, which it is becoming plainer every day can be accomariilMHLby remaining independent ofeach, other.Disabled Soldiers in Industry.The Federal Board for VocationalEducation, assisted by the UnitedStates Employment Service, proposesto make a real job out of "the task ofplacing disabled soldiers and sailorsin industrial employment.For a long time England permittedvolunteer associations to find jobsfor the disabled soldiers, and the planproved an absolute failure. Too manyemployers offered to take the boys inand give them jobs on the assumptionthat it was their patriotic duty tohelp the disabled. It didn't work!Then England made a Governmentaffair of employment and foundplaces for their disabled soldiers andsailors where the employer could'cheerfully write "for value received"across the man's pay envelope.The American Government is following the latter course, and it i$training soldiers for industrial employment, spending six months ormore on each man. When he Is prepared for employment a place isfound, and he is sent out to earn hisliving in a way that makes him absolutely independent; and the proposition balances dollar for dollar between employer and employee. Themotto of Uncle Sam in this task is"no sentiment." JThe operation ofthe whole plan is made absolutelypractical, since the disabled mantttTiati iiTnA Tinr -in r? fic?4"rTr "hoe Vioanxx Mm 1UW XXOHJ c w.evolved from the soldier into a realeconomic factor in the industrial lifeof his country-.In his Mayfield speech. "SenatorBeckham said that ''by reason ofuccident and death the Democraticmajority in the Federal Senate isvery small, and several DemocraticSenators are running in States normally Republican. It is, therefore,not out of the range of possibilitythat Democratic control of the Senatemay depend on the vote of Kentucky.It js consequently of the utmost importance that not only Democrats,but all who appreciate the efforts ofthe President in the great crisis of aworld war, to support the Democraticnominee in the Senatorial contest.Upon his vote may depend the fate ofnations, as upon no hypothesis, wouldit be cast except to aid and supportthe policies of the man upon whoseshoulders rests the greatest burdenever imposed on a mortal. We do notfor a moment question Dr. Bruner'sloyalty, but being a strict party manhe would see things probably different from the aims of the Presidentand vote as the leaders of his partywould direct. At any"rate and in anyevent, it is foolish to take chanceswhen Democracy has a candidateabout whose support of the Administration there can be no question andwhose ability to use that supportmost effectively is born of capacityand long experience in the halls ofCongress. Let every Democrat andother supporter of the Presidentrally to the flag of the DemocraticStandard Bearer, Gornor Stanley,and thereby prove to him that Kentucky ,will not waver from a manifest duty nor send joy to the bruteof Berlin by creating the impressionthat the President has been repudiated by his friendsTvQ& r9& fSL " ' " 'GOVEEJTOR PROCLAIMS NOV. 2D0ITNGJ7.&?ftrParis People Shj3uld Not Wait Until- s It Is Toote. '' 'The' availing death-rate from kidney disease is due largely to the factthat the little kidney troubles areusually neglected until they becomeserious. The slight symptoms oftengive place' to chronic disorders andthe sufferer may slip gradually intosome serious form of kidney complaint. If you suffer from backache, headaches, dizzy spells; if the kidney secretions are irregular of passage andunnatural, do not delay. Help thekidneys at once.Doan's-Kidney Pills are especiallyfor kidney disorders they act whereothers fail. Over one hundred thousand people have recommended them.nere is a .fans case:Mrs. Chas. McCord. S. Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfer's drugstore, and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my backhas been weak and lame, I have founda box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills hasbeen sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrsA McCord, had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)"- T5i fe P3BERLIN IS CAPTUREDUcTUESDAY, OCTOBBR.2I,. If if.tEi Srf J-Fojf Rent, f' Cottage of four rooms on Winchester street. Hasgas; electriclights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.Ola Hams For SaleIRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides aid wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky..Cumb. Phone 374.(23,-Jtf)LOSTA few choicefor sale.(dec25-3t-pd)two-year-old hamsCHARLTON CLAY,Southdown SheepFor Sale.Sixty head of Southdown ewes, allgood ages.Also, a few yearling bucks andbuck lambs.J. H. THOMPSON,Cumberland Phone 256-W(oct25-3t).AS EIRE prevention day.4rTb&.ficpt of. Living,cialrtattetfcs 'based.mpon datanilMLrdL'rbnr forty-tWcr large citiesi Afferent parts1 of the UnitadStWB, indicate that the increase intk cost of livingfwill average: Food,S2 fer cent; rental 09per cent;" clothiari4"per',ceKt fuel and light. 31jo;frat;rauRdries;'35 per eent.' Thej tcmMtxafrGl linerease graduated ac-Wfcta'?'rtO,XblCOTTl''' "'' - 'J-C - .fnllsvnra .v J-aKeirwiffitecHesiip toSdOMOW-ttt' " Pjer-dentfamllles" witbrin-iftrm.X,000 toi:$2,DjD0.37 per-at Tkeaf4reMow.Tiow muchitftrUifrrJanwarya If 18. tkan&MLumrr 3"lf 16, raoTidei' thet4ftrae oJfviag -reaid' thDigging Coal For Pershing.""One day last winter, when the coalfamine was at its worst, a Senatorfrom Ohio recited the blunders byreason of which the great coal-producingState was deprived of evenenough fuel to keep its Universityopen and its poeple froni freezing. ' AJvisitor in the gallery remarked: "Iwish that Senator would stoptalking,ne is oreaKing my neart. uut in IOhio this year they are no longerbreaking hearts, but they are producing coal. Production Manager J. JfRoby, at Cleevland, calls attention ina statement to the fact that- GeneralPershing demands 900,000 tons morea month than Washington figured on."All right," says Roby, "we'll comethrough with our part, and we arextow going 45,000 tons a week overour share, and we will make it 55,000 tons." That's the kind of a response 'that is coming from everyportion of the country, and the FuelAdministration is 'confident that itwill have enough coal for Pershingand all the rest of our fighting military and industrial forces this winShort On ForesightmSecretary of the Interior FranklinK. Lane, remarks: "The thing democracy is short on is foresight."Incidentally it may be said that MrLane is the only Cabinet officer whohas. definitely put forth a plan formeeting the conditions that must exist "after the war. His receipt is toprovide lands which may be enter edby the returning soldiers. This planhas good many difficulties to contendGovernor Stanley has issued an official proclamation designating Saturday, November 2, as Clean-Up andFire Prevention Day. In the proclamation the people of the State areurged to make a general clean-up onthis day of all the rubbish aroundtheir premises, and to take all precautions that will eliminate or atleast reduce to a manimum the danger of fire. It has been estimatedthat two-thirds of the fire losses inthe State are traceable to negligence,matches, children and mice, and similar causes. The waste caused by inexcusable fire losses is something enormous. Thousands of tons of precisous food stuffs, ' millions of feet oflumber, homes that ' cannot be replaced on' account of the scarcity oflabor and material, are -air destroyedeach year by fires which could havebeen prevented with the proper care.After setting forth these facts, Governor Stanley declares:"I, A. O. Stanley, Governor of thisCommonwealth, therefore designatesSaturday, November 2, 1918 as Fireand Accident Prevention Day, andupon this day call upon the people ofthis Commonwealth to remove fromtheir premises all substances whichare liable to produce fire. See that allthe heating devices and chimneys arein safe condition I- recommend theclosest-inspection, especially .of store.houses and manufacturing plants,hotels and factories, and call uponthe local authorities to give carefulattention to fire prevention, fire protection and the prevention of accidents. I ask that fire drills and exercises be held in all public and private schools, and that "instructionsand lessons be given in Fire Protection and Fire Prevention, and againstaccidents of every nattfre.''Given under my Hand this 19thday of Octiber, in the year i of ourTnrd. onfi thmiRaruI "nine hundred" 'andeighteen and in the one hundredth IA huge map of Europe was blockedout on the city square in Franklin,Pa., and each bond buyer permittedto lay a brick on the road to Berlin.Berlin- has already been "captured"and the purchasers are on the returntrip building a bridge to bring theboys back home.sell German' farm.A white pointer bitch, wij:h tanears. Liberal reward for her return or information lading to her-re-covery.Notify Bush Bishop orErnest Martin. (ostl8-tf)Paris StudioThe ancestors of Michael Auck'sfamily came from Crawford County,O., 70 years ago from the kingdom ofWurtemburg, Germany, and bought afarm of 160 acres in Whetstone township. The farm was sold last weekfor $22,000 and every dollar investedin Fourth Liberty Bonds.IS IS ISlWhen they are engaged he wantsher because she is 'different frcmother girjs. And wien they are married he wants to get rid of her because she is so different from otherwomen.?5l l5 fcThe United States Senate meets onan average of less than' 2 00 days in ayears, and It costs about $9,000 foreach meeting day.Albert d'SchebHaberstroTeacher of VoiceFOR RENT.Furnished rooms with all modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (15-4t)Found.On the Maysville pike, near theresidence of Mr. Jesse Turney, Sunday, a pair of gold-framed spectacles,in leather case. Owner can obtainthem by calling at THE NEWS officeproving property, and paying advertising charges.STUDIOMrs.. Frank Fithidence.an'sRcsi-In studio Saturdays "of eachweek, beginning October 26th.For information address8Miss Anna Chandler GoffDirectorLexington .College of MusicLexington, Ky.FINANCIAL REPORTCITY OF PARIS, KY.I hereby submit my report of the fiscal affairs of the city from Janu-ary 10 to October 1, 1918 : -General Fund-Balance January 10. 1 $ 2'SSHODistributed, 17,263.26$20,000 Sewer Bonds and Premium 20,080.89Foreman's Note Paid.! j 500.00Part of the $10,000.00 Borrowed 4,483.34Wanted-Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:' Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, ?1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred nounda..Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light .Brass, I2c per pound.Lead, 6c perpound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties; 5&c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.?Calfskins, 27c per pound.-.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins,- $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for .which .we nay the highest price. Send us sanrnles.. SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.'Distributed.Administration Salaries $ 2J821.28Administration Expenses 792.22Police" Salaries 3,285.00Pblice "Equipment 962.1droiice ouppnesFire Department SalariesFire Department SuppliesStreet and Quarry Salaries$51,390.19Streets?and Quarry EquipmentStreet and Quarry Expenseand twenty-sixth year of the Com-'kight297.901,992.70890.256,661.73"983.503,509.73vV-iV ."Cmonwealth.'WA. O. "STANLEY."WAKE UP, DEMOCRATS !as existed at the close of the CivilWar. In the same connection withMr. Lane's remarks comes the statement by one of the Senators that weare as unprepared for peace as wewere unprepared for war. As a matter of fact tne readjustment for thewar -ftme period has hardly been completed, as indicated by the difficultiesnow being experienced by the short-Kline railroads, the power and tractioncompanies, oil interests and manyother activities.with, as there are no millions ofbroad acres of homestead lands such j jg to happen, if the Democrats doOne week front next Tuesday is theelection when Kentucky will choosea United States Senator and elevenCongressmen. In Bourbon countythe Democrats appear to be in a stateof lethargy, or, in other words,they are asleep at the switch at avery crucial time. If they are awakethey are not making the fact known.Onhe other hand their opponentsare wide-awake, and working likeTrojans. They have this countythoroughly organized and are goingto get out every vote. They are onthe job day and night, and theythink there is a fine chance to sendDr. Bruner to the Senate instead ofGov. Stanley. There is a chance for- VV'Jfc.Women and Greasy Jobs.There is oh nle in the EmploymentService. -of the Government 'a list ofmore than 250 distinct? occupationswomem are filling in industry. Theyare learning to read blue prints aswell as dress patterns, and to handlehammers without losing the sironnails of those on their fingers.- Themunition factories are full of suchwome,n and they have demonstratedin this lat year or two that there isnothing unwomanly about the wojnandn overalls working at so-called dirty.greasy jobs:c - -- i m m m' An "anonymous resident of Natal,who' hag 'returmed' from active service, lias 'offered; rent free for fiveyars, a" 4,$ 00 -acre farm tor tne use(faU short of of returned soldiers.not bestir themselves and get outevery vote in the city and county.It is the stay-at-home vote that -willconstitute a dangerous factor and avery leaning one for the success ofthe Republican ticket. And when theRepublicans go to the polls to votefor Dr. Bruner, don't you know thatevery one of them will vote thestraight ticket, which means a. voteagainst Stanley and CongressmanCantrill?There : is really danger of losingboth the Senator and the Congressional race through the Democraticstay-at-homes. Get that straight Mr.Democrat if you stay at hdme anddo not vote on election day we areliable to lose both the Senatorial andthe Congressional races.la mHealth & Welfare LeagueSewers r .Asphalt Streets -: 1Certified checks on bids forbondsWater-rent, 2 quartersInsurance f '-Interest Hospital EndowmentInterest BankCharityBooks and examination of sameSmall PoxOil for street -Tl 1-Bridge RepairsBalance on handSchool fund 1,112.86Library Jl 73.00Hospital 'J 89.45' $-1,275.31Sinking; FundBalance $ 1,494.41Collected 242.29Part of $10,000 borrowed-i 5,516.66$ 3,613.504,545.032,882.9511,154.963,936.90400.002,244;86690.981,001.941,516.66' 221.50578.37100.0032.46674.81132.751,424.50234.4016,003.62Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTE. L. WILSON, ETC.,NOTICE OF SALE.ON PETITION.$51,390.19Sinking Fond Distributed5 500 Refunding Bonds10 mos. interest on $46,000 5 "ppr cent, bonds6 mos. interest on $20,000 5 "per cent Donas6 mos. interest on $6,000 5 per ! "cent, bonds v ,6 mos. interest on $20,000 4per cent-bonds -.Balance in sinking: fund'$ 7,253.36'St.(V -l$ 2,500.001,916.66500.00150.00' 450.001,756.70OURSELVES AJTO CABADAPessimistic Americans and Americans who hesitated to support theFourth Liberty Loan to their utmostshould review the achievements orCahada..Canada's last Victory'TLoan K wassubscribed to the. amount -of $418,000,000, which oh the b"ais of population is equal to ax $6,000,000,000bond subscription ly the people ofthtf'JJnited States.? -An'd this wadoA'e after four years of war and aftef'sendinr 50 0,0 0 0 soldiers x to thefront, -which on the basis of population would be equalled- by our, sending 8,00o;00jD men'to'the'edtors. 'Collected From All Sources1918 Tax - L$ 1,702.55-1917"Tax '848.231916Tax ' 755.181915Taxi - 1B4.73License .r 13,47a.80Fines J. -524.50Rock -.? '524.25Certified check on bids for bonds !.. "1,001.941'oiciu.uo wre DUU.UUMiscellaneous z --- 16.35Note-in -Bank-.-. 10,000.00From Bank of America, N. Y. r - 500.00Interest on BeakUote -39.00$ 7,253.36General Fund.Sinking Fund .SchooKPtufdLibrary FundHospital Fond -..Distributed$50,127.83V. ??,- ? .iir V is a vnru - S$42,327.49,-6,525.031,112.86" M73fi0089.45$50,127.83ClerksUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theJune term, 1918, of the Bourbon-Cir-uuit voun, in me aDove styiea casetherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onMonday, Nov 4, 1918,at the front -door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock 3m., will sell at public auction to xhe highest and bestbidder, the -following described property: That certain house and lot of- ground in Bourbon County, Ky.,on Stoner Creek, near Coulthard's Mills and described asfollows: Beginning at a pointin JJie center of Stoner Creek,thence with the center thereofN 4 E 214.10 feet to 2, cornerto lot 2; thence N 58.36 W 200feet to 3; thence S 31-24 E 14.70feet to a stone; thence N 58 W38 feet to 5; thence N 53 W."33 poles to 6,' thence S 36 W53 feet to 7, a stone to BettieReid's line; thence S 273 V E289 feet to the beginning.Also a certain house and lotof land in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on Stoner Creek nearCoulthard's and Honey's Milland 'is bounded as follows: Beginning at 7, a stone In BettieReid's line and corner to lot No.1; thence N 36 W 53 feet to6; thence S 53 E 33 feet to 5;thence S57.36E38 feet; thenceN 36.24 W 147.70 feet; thenceN 56.36 W 200 feet to the center of Stoner Creek; thence N. 424 E 65.50 feet to a point in" center f Mill Dam; thence N43 E 83 feet corner to cornerlot No. 3; thence N 77.01 W 450' feet to a stake in Bettie Reid'sline and corner to lot No. 3;thence S-27- E 139 feet to thebeginning, and Is the same property conveyed to Dorcas Florence by Bettie Hardin and J. W.Hardin by deed recorded in DeedBook 100, page 139, BourbonCounty, KySaid, sale will .be . made upon thecredits of six and twelve, months, thepurchaser or purchasers befng required to. execute -their two bondswith good -and approved surety, forequal parts of the . purchase moneyeach, due six and, twelye monthsfrom date of sale respectively, andbearing interest at the Tate of six percent, per .annum from date of saleuntil paid,, and having the force andeffect of judgments.-Said sale is- made for the purposeofra division among the parties ininterest. - ;a .r , : O. T. HINTON.Master'CcinmissioherBourbo Circuit. Court. '15t;si- , . ' ?. I6H-iAr-tSAH'54TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1918,THE BQUW NEWPAKHL JCltyji tasA vrerawr pABE YOU "GBIPFY," THIH, EUKnmmr f 5Acid Iron Mineral Will Put Newlife Into You BuM Up Yourm Weakened System CausedBy Influenza, Etc. -Thousands of men. and women,some who are young in years, but oldin actions and feelings, just dragthemselves around because their system is run down, from lack of enoughiron, the one great body buildingmineral necessary for a healthy,growing man or woman.Acid Iron. Mineral contains justthe right amount of iron needed, tomake the system do its work rightlyand efficiently it is a compoundmade from iron ore highly concentrated, and those who are unable toget relief from vegetable compoundsshould try this famous remedy forrun-down systems influenza, kidneytroubles, catarrh of the stomach, indigestion, and countless other diseases that are sapping their life away.It is absolutely free from alcohol andother injurious drugs, and is guaranteed to give satisfaction or yourmoney will be refunded. Thousandsof testimonials now on file in ouroffices, telling in an emphatic "wayhow Acid Iron Mineral has helpedsick and suffering men and women.For sale by Brooks & Snapp. Don'tdelay, call for it to-day. FerrodineChemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.- t , (adv)1G& fe EsBEE KAISEEIN.ISS ON DEE, SICKHST.AMSTERDAM, October 25. Soserious is the condition of the German Kaiserine, who is ill, that all ofher children have bee-n called to herbedside in the Potsdam palace, itwas learned from Berlin to-day. Thekaiserin was .60 years old on Tuesday. , fe BsCAN NOWEAT ANDCOMFORT.SLEEP INU!MnMMffj)i Mir!.--'ff t .- mmi-r t . . t . , . .m- un... iui i- . . .rfissKsiBirr nu iwbl w avra as mrm iaBBiai BBOUTadgrtiflrjllTuu.ytri, mkrTBMwla . "VSlNsA uS "9&li .oHt 1tnarddi of mtr ntmiyk4JHl wh wn UMJwm - r Tnr mi fjjiiUi 1C m . fat'tttfe'lw,(tr aot w rs-JMbPrivate Elgin Dalzell, Little Rock;died in Naval Hospital, PhiladelphiaNavy Yard; pneumonia; buried inNorth Middletown.Sergt. Bishop Batterton, Paris;died in Base Hospital, France;wounded in battle; buried in France.Cctep. Allen Huddleston, Paris;died at Base Hospital, Camp Zachary Taylor; pneumonia; buried inParis.Private HarryH. Chinn, Jr., Jacksonville; died in Base Hospital, CampZachary Taylor; influenza; buried. atJacksonville.Private Samuel Robertson, Millersburg; died at.sea,on route to France;pneumonia; buried in France.Private Grover Butler, Baris;died in Base Hospital, Camp Meade,Maryland; influenza; buried at Paris.Private Ray Link? Hutchison; diedin Naval Hospital, Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, Great Lakes, 111.;influenza; buried at Paris.Sergt. Joseph G. Holt Paris; diedin Covington, Ky., Hospital; uraemicpoisoning; buried at Paris.Private Charles E. Adair, Paris;died in Base Hospital, Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky.;- influenza; buriedat Paris. .Private John W. Sergeant, NorthMiddletown; killed in battle inFrance; buried in France.Private Robert Rice, North Middletown; died in Base Hospital, CampMeade, Md.; influenza; buried inNorth Middletown. . "Private John Blythe, Paris; diedin Base Hospital, Camp Meade, Md.;injluenza; buried in Paris.AMERICAN PACKERS HELPING IIN THE WAR WORK.SENATOR JAMES'-LAST APPEAL.In the course of his last speech delivered in the Senate by oir belovedOllie James, in answer to capiouscriticisms of the President, defendedhis every act and deed with greatpower and burning eloquence andAmerican pacxers are doing farmore than merely furnishing meatfoods to the soldiers and sailors of theUnited States and4ier allies, according to C. S. Churchill, Advisory Su- i used these words, which are as apperintendent for Swift & Company, plicable now as when delivered andWho addressed the American Meat ', should mark the action of , everyPackers' convention reflAnt.lv. i oyai man"Thi $rsnarnl rmHIin roaliVoa littlti I"President Wilson walks the tight... ...... . . . . trope, it stretcnes across tne sea wiinof the work that the packer is doing LBF' v; ntl ttp hnirts in hiIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it -until last fall I became awreck of my forjmer self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking tnem tnat 1 Kepi up tne ireatmeuifor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep" in comfort. I am to-day entirely well"(adv-oct)PS TS E2. The difference between the fifthday after marriage and the fifth yearafter marriage is that during the fifthday a man is a god and during' thefifth year he is a door mat.to win the war," said Mr. Churchill."We are furnishing a great deal ofmaterial for the manufacture of munitions, including glycerine, potashand sulphuric acid. Our sheep skinsare used to manufacture cold-proofcoats."Every pound of wool that we haveis taken by the Government as fastas we produce it, and the price is fixed by the Government.hands the richest treasure ever lodged in the keeping of one man sinceGod said let there be light. Thetreasure is our very life, our liberty,our institutions, our homes, our firesides, our all. Gentlemen, let meplead with you plead with all Americans do not shake the rope. Donot badger him. Do not heckle him.Do not annoy him. He. will make thejourney safely over this ocean ofblood and peril. Keep silent! HoldThere isn't a pound of stock food iyour tongues!manufactured to-dav that is not be- Can any Democrat or other admiier.ing used to help win the war, becauseit goes to put weight on live stockthat is badly needed by our soldiersand sailors."The tons of fertilizer which wemanufacture aid in growing more.crops that will be used later to feedmore soldiers to fight the Hun. Gluehas its use. Soap certainly is a bigitem. Albumen is another highly important product of the war. -"We, of Swift & Company, believein giving credit where credit is dueand I want to say that our labor hasperformed cheerfully the giant tasksset for us by the -Food Administration. No order has been too big, nojob too overwhelming for themDoYou NeedGlasses?of the eloquent utterer of thesewords do less than help send a manto succeed him, who is in the fullestsympathy and who in life was one ofhis closest friends? It would.be acalamity for other than GovernorStanley to succeed the lamentedJames, which fortunately is not likelyto be done.HIGHER PRICES ALLOWED PORNEWSPRINT PAPER.Because of increased cost of laborand transportation, the Federal TradeCommission, in afinding, granted Increases in prices for standard'news-! print paper, establishing as fair maximum prices for the period from July-Rpflnjrnition of this willingness 1 the following: $3.75 per hun--w---0 - (Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer .fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures acjcurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky..to serve has resulted in an increasefor male labor totanfc more than100 since' February, 1916. In thecase of our female Ifelp the increasehas been even greater, this help nowreceiving 165 more, than in 1916."To take care of thewar business,Mr. Churchill said that all the packers in the country had been forced o .dred pounds f. o. b. mills or roll newsin carlots; ?3.87 for roll news inless than carlots; $4.15 for sheetnews in carlots, and $4.2,734' for sheetnews in small quantities.The new prices, it is estimated,will allow manufacturers an averageprofit of $19.75 a ton, but. do not in-! elude the-increases asked because ofa cost two tothan pre-warMargolen'sSANITAR 1Meat , Marketbuild new freezer and buildings ofevery description atthree times greatercost.He paid tribute to the governmentinspectors of the Bureau of AnimalIndustry and of the army -who selectthe meat, and said:' "In addition to the safeguard thatthis is to the soldier and sailor, it isa safeguard to us. (t safeguards usfrom attack from those who for theirown personal aggrandizement or forother reasons may seek to criticizeunjustly one of the few industriesthat in the early days of the war, andup to the present time, has continuedto supply our Government with whatit wanted, as it wanted it, when itwas needed, without quibble as toprice."That is a record of whiph weshould be proud, gentlemen. It demonstrates that we are doing not ourbit, but our full share toward winning .this war, doing it cheerfully,willingly and because .we are in thiswar to win, and to win, our soldiersmust be fed and fed with good food."Specials for Fridayand Saturday5, 10, 45 nd 20-pound bucketspur honM-rtmtertdLARD27c per poundLEAN COUNTRY -BACON35c per poundMflRGOLENi.Sanitary Meat MarketAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against"FireTheftCollisionProperly Damager liabilityAnd jOAcr.Casualtieshigher cost for wood used as pulp.Three' rates were fixed 'as bases foradjustments for paper already delivered on contracts.VICTORY IN THE AIR.With the election buta few daysaway, the' Democratic situation ismost gratifying to every one whowould uphold the President and givehim that unflagging assistance forwhich he has asked, by sending thereal friends of the administration tohis aid. The factions of the partyemulating the example of TJeckhamand Stanley are getting logemer ina way that means victory and theputting of the enemy to r6ut. TheRepublicans make claims not sustained by the facts, as they always co,but if they believe the stories theytell there is going to be a sad awakening: the morning after. Brag is agood dog, but Hold Fast is better.Baseless claims fool nobody, but fools.The voters have decided that they-will elect Stanley and the renominated Congressmen and by the eternalthey are going to do it. It is all overbut the shouting. 'GETTING RAPIDLY .TOGETHER.From the visitors and from the reports that come to Democratic Headquarters in Louisville from all overthe State the gratifying statementsare made that Democrats are gettingtogether with enthusiastic unanimitythat means unity and strength andinsures the election of GovernorStanley to the Senate and4, the Congressional nominees to succeed themselves. The people everywhere areawakening to the great importance ofthe election and giving the Presidentthe support of his real friends andthe indications are that 'the Novemberelection will' tell a tale' that will fire.his heart with renewed.determinationto bring the war to a speedy and victorious end. ' ?BOLSHEVIKI ASSASSINATE SIZTY-EIGHT HOSTAGES.AC'Jr Jee;'w t-.-VtVj. VJ5u. srStn ,gs3BNfD,sAMSTERDAM, Oct. 28.-rFjr.om thetime that Moses Uritzky, commissioner for elections of the constituent assembly tofJRussia; was assassinatedlatcfinAugusl;, 68 nosfeges, includingfive priests, were shot by the Bolshevik!, according ta-Petrbgrcid dispatches quoting- the neWspaperParvda.- r , c .- HR IBB HfcV 'The Union Pacific- railroad willshortly try aiu experiment by usingwomen to load f jeigllt,' cars.SOMrrANB;.EBRTOComings and, Goingi of Oar'Ptople Here, There and-Elsewhere.Mr. Charles E. Butler has returned from a husiness trip to Boonecounty.Mrs. R. S. Starks has returnedto her home in Midway after a visitto relatives in this city.Mr. Alex T. Rice, Jr., has returned from a visit to his uncle, Mr. Z. T.Rice, and fajmily, in Richmond.Mr. Terrence Mackey, of Columbus, Ohio, was a guest of Paris relatives and friends several days lastweek.Mrs. Charles J. Clark left Fridayevening for a visit to her daughter,Mrs. J. Scott Meredith, at Norfolk,Virginia.Mrs. S. E. McCIanahan returnedFriday from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Farris, in Flemingsburg. Misses Louise Connell, VirginiaDundon and Margaret Lavin have xeturned from a visit to Miss MargaretCollins; in Helena." Miss Sallie Ashbrook has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after avisit toiler sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, and family, kon Second street.Mrs. C. H. Estes, of Cincinnati,is a guest of Mr.' and Mrs. George W.Estes, on Seventh street. Mr., Estes,who has been quite ill for some time,is improving.Mrs. George Richard Huffman, ofFt. Sill, Okla., formerly Miss LouiseMyall, of Paris and Millersburg, is afeuest of-friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Mrs. E. L. Stone, a member ofthe Paris High School faculty, hasgone to Eastern Kentucky, where shehas volunteered to 'assist in .nursingthe cases of influenza in some partsof the district. 'Revt. Dr. B. F. Orr and daughters, Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr,hate returned 'from an automobiletrip to Louisville, Brandensburg, Sonora and Bardstown, where they wereguests of friends and relatives.Rev. and Mrs. M. T. Chandler,formerly of Paris, have returned toRichmond from a visit to relatives inAsheville, North Carolina. Sincetheir return Rev. Chandler contracted the influenza,, but is somewhatbetter.Mrs. L. H. Reynolds, widow ofthe late Rev. L. H. Reynold?, for(many years the beloved pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian church,is seriously ill at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. M. M. Hughes, inWinchester.Mr. Thornton Gorhapn, a formerresident of Paris, who was enroute tohis home in Pittsburg, Pa., from Louisville, where he had been to, attendthe funeral and burial ot his brother,Mr. Fred -Gorham, was a guest offriends in this city Friday and Saturday. Misses Mildred and Marie Collins, who are at their home nearNorth Middletown while the influenza ban is on the schools and colleges,have' as guests Misses Elizabeth-Marshall,of Lexington, and Helen Taylor, of Bowling Green.Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Goodman, ofCairo, Egypt, who are guests of Judgeand Mrs. W. R. Shackleford, in Rihjmond, are both ill of the influenza.Mrs. Goo'dman is a daughter of thelate Hon. C. M. Clay, of near Paris,and a sister of Mrs. Shackleford.Mr. Jos. D. Crosthwaite, formerly of Paris, now residing in Rirmingham, Ala., was a visitor in this citylast week. Mr. Crosthwaite came toParis to attend the funeral and burial of his brother, Mr. C B. Crosthwaite, who died in Chester, Pa., lastweek.Mr. Frank Collins and Mrs. J. T.Collins attended the funeral and burial of their uncle, Mr. W. H. Collins,in Louisville. They were joined atParis by Mr. John Collins, qf Cleveland, Ohio, and Mrs. R. 111. Hopkins,of Covington, who accompanied themto Louisville.Mr. Louis Margolen returnedSaturay from Hughton, Saskatchewan, Canada, where he had spent thesummer oji the big wheat and flaxranche of E. F. Speais & Sons, of'Paris. Mr. Margolen will return inFebruary to the ranche. SeveralotherBourbon county boys who areemployed on the big ranche will return to Paris later on.Mrs. Carl Crawford left Saturdayfor Louisville, where she reported forduty at the Y. W. CL A. roopns. Mrs.Crawford will be House Director ofthe Y. W. C. A. in the War Work activities. Before leaving Paris Mrs.Crawford directed THE NEWS to besent to herat her new abode, so thatshe could keep in touch with the eldtown happenings. 'Cynthiana Log Cabin: "MissLouise Cromwell spent the week-endin Paris with friends .... Mrs. Jas.Lail,.of Paris, spent several days herewith Mrs. Gano Ammerman. . . .MissBessie Desha has returned to Parisafter a week's stay here nursing hernephew, Desha Wells, who was recently operated orf-for removal of tonsils and adenoids."Mrs. Edward. C. Keller anddaughter; Miss Edna Keller, left Saturday for Louisville, wheife they willreside in the future. They will begreatly missed by a host of warmfriends here, who view their departure from Paris ith genuine regret.Mrs. Keller ordered THE NEWS tobe' sent to her at her new home, 2902South Third street, Louisville, Her,son, Leo Keller," is at the GreatLakes Nayal Training Station.New additions to the long list ofgrippe or influenza sufferers-are Mis.'J. Brutus Clay, Albert Stewart, Mrs?Stella Bridwell, Miss Pinkie" Bridwell,Tilford Burnett, Jr., Mrs. Wm. Talbott, Mr. William Talbott, ElmerBoardman. and daughter, Miss Midnerva 5oaraman, juiian janies, ivirs.Cloyde, Rowland, two children of Mr.and Mrs. Taylor Chandler, Harry.Clark (convalescent). Mr. OssianSprake, who has been seriously .ill atCorbin, of influenza, was 'brought tothe home 'of his "brother, Mr. ClarenceSprake,in: .this city, Friday-nightsHeisT improvinjt-slowly: - ' Nrv (Otfcer.'Persona3s on- Page 5:)V i jv---. v-lIBMThe Autumn Welworths Are JHereand the Price is jStill Unchanged ;y r fHere's an announcement of which we are justly proudf . gfor it evidences many things about which a real service mgiving. store has a right' to feel proud. V v 'First, it stresses the point that-we will keep pricesvaslow as we can-as long as we can. -i PCSecond, it proves the benefit to ths consumer of ourintimate co-operation? with worthy manufacturers.Thirdly it exemplifies a style service, which brings nsthe new styles first, the same styles on the same day asthey first appear in the recognized style centers of .'the kcountry.These Welworths are still priced at$2.00. They now and for manymonths past have represented valuesthat would warrant a much higherprice. Before the end of the present year the price must inevitablybe increased to $2.50.xi'yX.IIxI1WE ARE SOLE DISTRIBUTORS FOR THIS CITY.OF .THE WELWORTH AND WIRTHMOR THE THRIFTBLOUSES OF AN ENTIRE NATION.- - iXWOLF , WILE CO. iLEXINGTON, KY.TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon County 'aWe Invite All Farmers of.Bourbon County to Sethe WonderfulGLEVELA1NDTRACTOR)If you are interested in better aiicimore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others. . -r;'-- &v r"srvyeean OcmonstraCggK? ..-it to You Any DaFt3&r?H -fG, 4 BALL GAIASE- j- rL-T. tj4vCor.-Fourth and Pleasant St4T. - ' t 31- v:r, -"" i(..?r ,c-tYirJHE DOURON NEWS, PAWS, XT. HT3TOTMMLT, OCTOBER 21, lllf...W :r af Kifeur; yfo-fiunn mmKmmmm',. i: ---- " " ' !rjjOMElTS ACTIVITIES.!At T Bed Cross Sewing; Rooms.Fridjl Woman's Society of theBaptist.!'church.Saturday D. A. R.Because Tuesday, Wednesday andThursday form part of a fifth weekin' Octbber, no organizations areschedule for work on these days atthe sewjing rooms.Prom She Cleveland Headauarters.More han 500 nurses have been assigned o influenza emergency workin Ohiof Indiana and Kentucky sincethe outbreak of epidemic. With noJmore nurses available for assignment,requests; were received from eightmining, communities of Kentuckywhere the disease is raging and where-there is? not a trained nurse.Motor Corns Organized.The present epidemic has broughtforth the necessity for the organization of a Woman's Motor Corps. Already' nineteen, have enrolled., Ifthere are others who desire and willvolunteer their services for the pres-.ent emergency or ior ruiure service,call Mrs. Julian Frank, Chairman,either pppne.Urgent Need Tor Nurses.The ieed for the nursing surveynow In progress throughout thefcountryi'1ias been made plain by the4nfliuenza" epidemic. All experiencedmursgs will pjease call pn Miss RebaLockhanij at registration headquarters and'fill out a questionnaire.of the tmblic health officer of theState, who will receive -applicationsfor nurses from the local health officer. The Red Cross State EmergencyBureaus will pay nurses, .assignedUpon the request of the public healthofficer; the authorized salary and expenses. Additional compensation, ifany, in this emergency is to be paid"by State boards of health or by localRed Cross chapters.A. F. Bently, assistant managerfor the Lake Division in Indiana, wasnamed to take charge of the emeTvgency ibureau at Indianapolis and R.U. Ballard Thurston, assistant manager for the Lake Division for Kentucky, was appointed to head theemergency bureau at Louisville.YEREMARKABLE INCIDENTS IN THEHGHT AGAINST "fLTJ."An ordinance compelling the wearing of gauze masks by every personin San Francisco as a means of preventing the spread of the influenzaepidemic has been passed by theBoard of Supervisors at the requestof the Board of Health. Penalties forviolation, are fines ranging from $5to $100, or 10 days' imprisonment, orboth. The ordinance is immdiatelyeffective. Masks may be discardedonly in homes or during meal times.Women's Work Lauded bv Admiral.High commendation for the untiring work of American women for theThe ban has been practically liftedon the illicit whisky traffic in themountain section of Kentucky. Physicians recommend the product asgood to combat the influenza epidemicand much of the product is beingcarried overland from the Virginiamountains. As a result of the de-benefit of American sailors at aFrench base is voiced by Rear Adimi- j mand the product has been known to.Cannot Take Kits Abroad' Limitation of transport space has'caused the War Department to prohibit soldiers from taking ComfortKits abroad. Official notice of thisruling has just heen communicatedtp the Red Cross.From now on Comfort Kits will besent overseas by the Red Cross inhulk and will be distributed to soldiers in Europe by Red Cross agencies there. "Notice of all chapters is called tothe necessity, jmore imperative thenBver, of sending all kits to the Division Warehouse instead of givingthem to drafted men who will not beallowed to carry them overseas.Result of Cleveland ConferenceEmergency bureaus to assist civilian communities and State Boards ofHealth in combating the influenzaepidemic are to be immediately established at Columbus, Indianapolis andLouisville by the Lake Division RedCross Committee on Influenza.This was decided at Lake DivisionHeadquarters, Cleveland, at a conference to which representatives of theState Boards of Health of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky had been sentin response to an invitation from Division Manager B. F. Bourne.The hope was expressed at the conference that nurses could be made tosee that nursing civilians ill with influenza is just as important a patriotic and Red Cross duty as nursingsoldiers and sailors. It was alsopointed, out that many civilians areretaining so-called "luxury nurses"which could easily be spared to assistin the present emergency.Dr. McCctrmick, representing theKentucky Board of Health, statedthat schqol teachers are being usedas nurses in that State.No nurse will be assigned to influenza work except upon the requestral H. B. Wilson in a letter just madepublic. Writing at his base headquarters in France, Rear AdmiralWilson sent the following message:"It gives me great pleasure to express a word, of appreciation on behalf of the Naval Forces in Francefor the workjdone by the Y. M. C. A.women connected with the Navy Hutat this base."By their untiring efforts and genuine enthusiasm for the work, theyhave done a .great ,deal to contributeto the welfare and contentment ofmen who are on liberty, and whowould otherwise be without meansof diversion."Women workers have contributedgreatly to the success of the warwelfare work done by the Y. M. C.A., Y. W. C. A., National CatholicWa Council K. of C, War CampCommunity Service, Jewish WelfareBoard, American Library Associationand Salvation Army.!Ka fei TS 'B-4 TIRE .- Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts- te isINVESTIGATDTO MYSTERIOUS1ETRES.Deputy State Fire Marshal Ed.Hite, formerly of Paris, has been inCynthiana, investigating the cause ofthe many mysterious fires that havevisited that city recently. The originof the three fires, the big Lebus warehouse, the Reister & VanDeren stables, and the Lebus and the Smith &Turney fires, has caused much speculation. Mr. Hite .held consultationswith Mr. Lebus, Messrs. Turney &Smith and other business men andtalked the situation over. Investigation has been iriade and some evidenceunearthed, which, "when followed up,onay result in arrests being made in afew days.is te )saFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford &' Bryan.sell for $50 a gallon within the pastfew days. Ten dollars a pint hasbeen refused in some instances.An investigation into the situationin all sections of the Kentuckymountains show appalling conditio)?.At Sergent, where Dr. 'BT F. Wright,of Seco, is working, and where, insome respects, there has been improvement, conditions are still farfrom favorable, whole families beingseriously ill. Thirteen cases are reported in the family of G. H. Blakely,the father, mother and eleven children occupying two small rooms withpoor sanitary conditions, each unableto minister to the other.All courts except the probate andjuvenile, in Cleveland, O., were closed following a petition of the Cleveland Bar Association as a preventivein the influenza epidemic there, Theywill not repoen until November11. The juvenile court (will try onlysuch cases which can not be heldover to a future date. City HealthCommissioner Rockwood ordered allelevator operators o wear masks.The influenza epidemic is sweeping"I Breathitt county, and calls were sentto the Red Cross and Government toassist in caring for the situation.Local physicians estimate that thereare 2,000 cases rh the county, 250 ofwhich are in Jackson. Practicallyevery mine is shut down or about toclose. Reports reach Jackson ofmany families being in distress, everymember of some families being inbed. With only three physicians inteh county, a desperate situation exists.COAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS,NOW'S THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Miss Kittie Reed, stenographer atHazard, has written to her mother,Mrs. Sarah Reed, of Cynthiana, thatwhen Dr. Whittenburg came to Hazard to combat the Spanish influenzain that place and Lothair, he askedher and several of her friends fromthe boarding house to go with himto Lothair to help nurse the sick.They found conditions there alarming and cited one instance of tvolarge families living in a doublehouse, every member was effectedwith influenza and all died except aninfant a week old.la 1 .aaASSESSOR'S BOOKS TOCLOSE.The Assessor's books will beclosed on November 1st. Comesn and give your lists of polland property taxes.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.mA genuineVict r olaevery homecan affordMiVictrol. IV-AWhy not a Victrola today! Nothing will giveyou so much pleasure for so long a time at so littleoutlay. It brings you the music you like the best,whether it be songs by the worlds greatest artists,selections by the most noted bands and orchestras,or popular music by leaders on the concert or vaudeville stage.This portable Victrola is convenient to use athome, take to the mountains or seashore, have withyou in camp or canoe a genial companion whetheryou go or stay.Come ir and let us demonstrate it for you and explain how youcan have a Victrola in your home immediately by our method of deferredpayments.DAUGHERTY BROSFIFTH AND MAIN STREETSmnaaLOfa PRICES FOR HORSES.Horseiaert, .see in the law pricesrealized for thoroughbred horses atrecent sales the decadence of therunning horse as a sporting feature.An instance of this was noted here,when at the dispersal sale of twentyeight head of brood mare's, yearlingsand colts at Martin Doyle's SisterMary Stock Farm, held near Paris,Saturday, the animals sold at ridiculously low figures. Sister Mary, in herday one of the greatest thoroughbredson the turf, and a producer of severalnoted turf performers, sold for $10.The tota.1 of the sales amounted to$2,290, an average qf only $82. Mr.Doyle is retiring from the turf aftera period of over thirty years, duringwhich time his string has won somenotable events. Ml;. Doyle also disposed of a lot of hog's, cattle andsheep at good prices at this sale.The sale was conducted by Auctioneers Geo. D. Speakes, of Paris,and George Bain, of Lexington.There was a large crowd in attendance. te tai isSTATE HEALTH BOARD ORDERAPPLIES TO COUNTY, TOO.Notice to the Citizens of of BourbonCounty:The order of the State Board ofHealth of October 6, closing allchurches, theatres and other places ofpublic assembly, public funerals, etc.,throughout Kentucky, is absolutelymandatory until the influenza epidemic is over.To correct any misapprehensionthat may exist, attention is directedto the fact that all orders apply tovthe country as well as to the towns.C. G. DAUGHERTY,, C. B. SMITH,SILAS EVANS, " "County Health Officer,GEORGE BATTERTON,Ex-Offlcio Member.Bbourbon County Health Board, Oct.22, 1918.(oct22-4t). -.---.-.51 te 151FRANK &03OUSTOCK, CROP, ETC.One of the finest lots of Southdown bucks that ever left the countywere shipped Saturday from the Turney Bros.' farm to the following parties: One to John Clay at $40; oneto Mr.' McCanley, of Danville, at $25,and two to Hon. John W. Bice, for$70. These were an extra fine bunchand were pronounced by competentjudges to be remarkably fine specimens of the Southdown breed.5l 153 THl, CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for, funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge pr small.(2'2-tf)LADIES' OUTFITTERSJO. VARDEN,Florist Agent.We Ar,e -Now ShowingOUR. NEW"FALL LINESinMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge . and Jersey:iDRMSSE&Misses' and Ladies .'. ' SUITSChildren's, Missies' and Ladies'COATS"s.FRANK & CO.jsDo Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts OnlyIf You Need Ait or OvercoatYou'd better come to this storenot because we want you to, butbecause we are trying to do the ,things that you want us to do.4Good ValuesThat's probably your first desire. We're givingthem in our Suits and Overcoats.Smart StylesYou'll not find better looking styles anywhere..r Military Models, English and Conservative Suits.Military Models, Ulsters, ' Box Coats and Belted. Backs in Overcoats.All Wool. Such fabrics wear longer - and look, better ' than NJ others. (, Careful Tailoring1 Every seam sewed for long wear. Hand-made but- ton holes in fact, hand-mde throughout. x1 Guarantee, If anything you get here isn't just what you thinkit ought to be you can rely on us to make it right.rMi Etf,4RBhmm K 'jBm Mi ilr li III lit I M tflmmW a iWlJlraniilJnlimnx MJff tJTrimMnmfmHmmn M UgTTJ WmmW lUlf Mmill liaBKiM fluff 1ImfllKifmVmM fln Ii I !! l Km I H vwmlwtimMU m,vtHm1?,'' -?-'' .'-'- "Suits and Overcoats '-u --.'$15.00 to $50.00v,R P. WALSH7th and Main ' One-Price StoreParis, Ky.rai4I&4gTVlri'?h:T0.?AT'vlfii-j&rvvfTUESDAY, -OCTOBER 24,-1918A?"T!"Sir,BicBMm8rajiiw. tjut&nSQCIAL AM) PERSONAL.v4,; 7 r -. v yK-.. "r -rs 1 r-5 ft-- ji, -yyfir- - -. . ii , -!! I&EOR THE BESTNOTHING LSEFOURTH LIBERT? LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds, are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)'lKk B3 1GOOD SORGHUM.Big Sandy Sorghum at $1.50 pergallon. Those who know say it's the"best.(1) C. P. COOK & CO.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTA Paris druggist told THE NEWSman one day last week that the priceof peroxide of hydrogen is getting soliigh and the supply so very scarcethat home-made blondes will soon bea thing of the past. In fact, manyhave already decided that Natureknows best, and will let it take itscourse, and they will stop trying to"be blondes, though born brunettes. ,4 IS 1 ISM&LER WILL PROBATED.The will of the late Dr. W. M. Miller, who died some days ago at hishome in Millersburg; was admittedto probate in the County Court Saturday, before County Judge Geo. Batterton. The will, after (making certain specific bequests, leaves all hisproperty to his widow, Mrs. AliceHart Miller. Mrs. Miller and JamesMcClure qualified as administratorswith the will annexed by furnishingbond in the sum of ?7,000.isa IS ElAS A PREVENTION.Comimgs &ad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dress warmly. One of. our light-weight overcoats is best suited forthis weather $20 to 45.., i - J. W. DAVIS & CO."-" fe 15TAKE ADVANTAGE OP THESECASH AND CARRY PLANS.The people of Paris have been complaining of the high prices chargedby the credit and delivery groceries.Now you have a practical illustrationof the saving when you buy for cashat my Cash and Carry Grocery.Many are taking advantage of theopportunity to save money. Come inand look around. All goods markedin plain figures.MRS. ELLIS CARRY GROCERY.Opposite Court House.(It)SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONDAYS.On the three supplemental registration days, Monday, Tuesday and"Wednesday of this week, voters whowere out of the city or ill on the regular registration day, may registerby making affidavit at the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, m thecourt house. Any voter who was detained at hope on the regular registration day by the illness of a member of his family, may also registerto-day and to-morrow by the samemethod, at the Clerk's office.This is an essential requirementfor voters who desire to participatein the Senatorial and Congressionalelection in November. Don't forgetit!1S1 JS ISRED CROSS TEA ROOM.Beginning yesterday and continuing throughout the week, the roomswill be in charge of Miss Martha Ferguson, Chairman, with the followingassistants: Misses Nancy Griffith,Rachel Wiggins, Elizabeth Steele,Virginia Wetherall, Mrs. HopeWiedemann, Mrs. Nelson VanMeter,Jr., and Mrs. Japnes Thompson.The menu for to-day is as follows:Cream of celery soup; chickencutlets; baked stuffed tomatoes;candied sweet potatoes; peas in timbales; head lettuce with ThousandIsland dressing; apple dumplings;coffee, tea, milk.On Thursday, pumpkin pie andother Hallowe'en dishes suggestive ofthe near approach of the Thanksgiving season, will be served from 5:30p. m. until late in the evening.Mr. and Mrs. I, C. Ross, of Covington, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Dale.Mrs. Jos. M. Rion returned Friday night from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Boone, in Vevay, Ind.Mrs. Lucy Bishop and daughter,Miss Lucia Bishop, of Lexington, areguests of friends and relatives inParis. - - 'Mr. Shelton Irvine, Supervisorfor the Louisville & Nashville railroad, is seriously ill at his home withinfluenza.Mr. John Ireland, prominent onthe, turf asTacing judge, is a guestof his sister, Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis,on Duncan avenue.Mr. B. B. Trotter, prominentCincinnati business man, is a guest ofMr, and Mrs. Henrys S. Cay woodnear North Middletown.Mrs. P. H. Lane returned tn tihome in Philadelphia, Pa., Saturday,after a three-weeks' visit to Mrs.Swift Champe, on Pleasant street..Misses Mildred Collins, Elizabeth Marshall and Helen Taylor havereturned to North Middeltown, froma visit to Miss Elizabeth Dooley, inWinchester. ' ,Mrs. J. M. Powell, of Winchester, was a recent visitor here, having been called-to the sick bedside ofher daughter, Mrs. N. B. Hedges,Mrs. Hedges is greatly improved.Mrs. O. T. Sprake and Mrs. Robinson Bosworth, of Denver, Colo., areat the sick bedside of Mr. OssianSprake, who is seriously ill of influenza at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Clarence Sprake.The many friends of Mrs. Wm.Talbott will be grieved to know thatat a late hour last night she was reported as being desperately ill andlittle hope is entertained for her recovery. Mr. Talbott, who has alsobeen seriously ill is improving.Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser have returned from Cincinnati, where theyvisited their son, Dr. Avonia Kiser,who was there en route from the AnnArbor, Mich., Training School, forthe East. Dr. Kiser is destined foroverseas duty' in the Officers' MedicalReserve Corps.Robt. Hall, Everett Hall and Collins Hall, the latter of THE NEWS'carrier force, are ill at the home oftheir mother, Mrs. Bruce CollinsHall, on Walker avenue. Their sister, Ruby Hall, is also ill. RussellLenox, another of our carriers, isable to be out again, after severaldays "illness.(Other Personals on Page 3)MATRIMONIAL.ELLIOTT ROSE. "Miss Clara May Elliott, daughter of Mrs. Harriett Elliott, ofnear Paris, and Mr. Ira Rose, also ofthe county, were married at the homeof the bride near Paris, by Rev. T. C.Stackhouse. The witnesses weremembers of both immediate families.NOTICE TO TURKEY RAISERSThe Food Administration hasIssued the following to dealersEn turkeys:'"Refrain from purchasingturkeys intended for Thanksgiving markets for .shipmentEast after NovemberJ16th. Turkeys for shipment to pointsEast must be loaded and readyfor shipment riot later thanTuesday, November lth."To comply ,wif:h these ruleswe will b complied to commence receiving turkeys aboutNovemer 5th. ' , ;CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(oct25-3t)S fe 1REPORT OF 'FARItlS SALE.Good prices were obtained atthe sale of farming implements,stock, crop, etc., belonging to Mr.Jos. A. Farris, formerly of Paris, Friday. The sale, which was conaucteaby Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofthe firm of Harris & Speakes, waslargely attended and bidding for thevarious articles was spirited. Auctioneer Speakes makes the followingreport:Pair draft mares. $350; cows,$122.50 to $125 each; yearling bull,$70; yearling cattle, froniv$54 to $64each; sow and ten pigs, j$ 1047? sowsand pigs, $84 to $86 eaoh; corn nfihock,.$6.75 per shock; hay in barn,$27 par ton; sheaf oats, $32 per ton;two-horse wagon; $130; hay frame,S2Q- tarniilin.:m; all farming imREAL ESTATE DEALS.iMr. Willia M. Mathers, of Nicholas county, purchased of Mr. A. S."Kimbrough, of this county, the lattr's farm, located near Black's CrossI Roads, in this county, containingabout 135 acres, for a private price.Mr. Mathers will get possession ofthe place in March.Mr. James Ockerman, of EastUnion, Nicholas county, purchased ofM., James Allison the farm near Millersburg, known at the Ben Thompson place, for $250 per acre. Mr.Ockeranan will get possession inMarch.Mr. Claude Fields, of Nicholascounty, purchased of Mr. HarryMann, through the Paris Realty Co.,a residence and four acres of landnear the water works reservoir, nearCarlisle, for $3,000.Dr. S. P. Mohney closed a deal yesterday with Dr. D. S. Henry, actingas .agent for Mrs. W. A. Wallen,whereby he becomes possessor of theWallen home on Cypress street. Theprice paid was not given out for publication. Harris & Speakes, of Paris, soldSaturday, on the premises at publicauction the farm of Mr. S. A. Farris,near Donerail, in Fayette county, foran average of $237 an acre. Thefarm, containing 136 acres, wassold in two tracts, one of eightyacres, with improvements going toMordecai Myers, of Bourbon county,for $252.55 an acre, and the secondcontaining 36 acres, sold to Ben F.Buckley, of near Centerville, for $215an acre. The sale was conducted byAuctioneer George D. Speakes, ofParis. There was a good attendance,with spirited bidding.?s lsiBREEZE-GOOCH.--Mr. Willitm Gooch, Lexingtonbusiness man. and Mikh t.hIq .tBreeze, of Detroit, Mich., were mar-'iiieu m tne parlors of the Baptistchurch, by Rev. R. c. Goldsmith,pastor pf the Paris Baptist church.They returned to Lexington immediately after the ceremony.'HUDSON BRIGHTMAN.Miss Virginia Hudson, recentlyul imnersDurg, and. Sergt. Grant L.Brightman, of Camp .Upton, LongIsland, New York, were married recently at Greenwich, Conn. The bideis a daughter of the late Rev. D. T.Hudson, formerly of Millersburg, andnas Deen engaged in newspaper workon the Greenwich News-Graphic.The ceremony was performed in theeditorial roojms of the News-Graphic.SMITH DOYLE.Friends and relatives of thegroom in this city have receivedbeautifully engraved invitations,worded as follows:"Mr. and Mrs. Octavius Hopk.psSmith request the honour of yourpresence at the marriage of. theirdaughter, Laura Avis, to LieutenantMartin Augustus Doyle, United StatesCoast Guard, on Wednesday 7 thethirtieth October, at high noon,Saint Michaels Church, Pensacola,Florida.". -mmr- ; m m..5.s....s..w;J We Sell Dependable Merchandise for Lessthan Any Other House, Bnt for Cash Only-i xSUITS AND COATSFOR WOMEN "$25.00 to $125.00-rRICE BERRY.The wedding of Mrs. LouiseWalker Rice, of Georgetown, andMr. Bailey D. Berry, of Lexington,was solemnized at high noon Saturday at the apartment of Mrs. Rice'ssister," Mrs. Robert Pryor, at the Puritan, in Louisville. Rev. W. W. Landrum was the officiating minister.The bride, who is the sister of Mr.Jefferson Davis Grover, of Georgetown, and who is a frequent visitorof Mr. and Mrs. Younger Alexanderand Mrs. Corneal Kinkead, wore adark blue traveling suite and largetaupe trimmed in ostrich feathers.She wore a corsage of violet and pinkorchids.The groom, who is a very successfullawyer of Lexington, is a (member1 ofone of the most aristocratic familiesin Kentucky. Mr. Berry is originallyfrom Cynthiana and is the son ofMrs. John Berry. Mrs. Asa Jewell, ofLexington, is his sister. His first wifewas JVIiss Lizzie Withers, of Cynthiana, a sister of Mrs. Jos. W. Davis,of Paris.r The only attendants were MissAlice Pryor and Seaman Bailey Dawson Berry, Jr., U. S. Navy R. F.The several reception rooms wereattractively decorated in chrysanthemums, carrying out a color schemeof pink and white. The ceremonywas followed by a buffet luncheon,the guests to the wedding being Mr.and Mrs. Robert Pryor, Miss AlicePryor, Miss Frances Jewell, of Lexington; Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig,of Paris; Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Landrum, Mrs. Fred Jewell, Miss KittyWithers Berry, Mr. Bailey D. Berry,Jr., U. S. N.; Mr. -Jack Berry, of Lexington, and Mr. J. D. Grover, ofGeorgetown.After the wedding Mr. and Mrs.Berry returned to Lexington, wherethey will be at home 212 South Ashland avenue.During the. past week we have received new models in Women's Coats and Suits for Fall and Winter which reveal the verylatest style tendencies. They come in all of the season's mostcalled-for fabrics and colors and are truly extraordinary values atSimon's Prices.-Beautiful Models inFALL MILLINERY$5.00 to $25.00. v Attractive Creations in Tailored and Trimmed Hats in a widevariety of modish shapes. Every model is distinctive and rarevalue at Simon's price.HARRY SIMON222-228 WEST MAIN ST., LEXINGTON, KY.THE DAYLIGHT STORETO KEEP AWAY "THE FLU."LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.FOR SALEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell at reasonable price.E. F. PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.Warm underwear is" essential.Here you piay get the best $2.50 thesuit up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.?S T3i ISNEW DRYER IS NEAEING COMPLETION. The big force of workmen engaged for several months in building theLigget & Myers Co.'s big redryer, inthis city, have brought the structureclose to tjhe final stages of completion.When ready for business the-redryerwill be able to handle a season's runof practically 9,000,000 pounds of vtobacco. The recent heavy rains haveTrnuerht tobacco in fine "case" forstripping, and in every section of the Icounty farmers are commanaeennglabor at good prices to put the weedin condition, for the early market.About seventy per cent, of the cropin Bourbon county is fine in color,texture and weight, and will command high prices when the Parismarket opens up in December. Fewcrops have been sold. Mr. EdwardBurke bought the half-interest of H.B Pence, of near Paris, in a crop of35,000 pounds for 37 cents perpound, straightSUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATIONTo-day and to-morrow will be supplemental registration days. All persons who failed to' register on theregular registration day by reason ofillness or T)eing out of the city, should&n to tne uuiue oi wuj.,j v.Executtfr's Notice!All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateGeorge Rice are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor.Those having claims against theestate will please have same proven'according io ia.w anu present xor payment. E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks) Executor.fill I tlEvery mother or father, or if none, nearest relative, isentitled to one of our largeRAN D-McN ALLYWAR MAPSPUBLIC SALEPearce Paton and maKe , amaayit.-OF-Horses, Wagons andFarm Implements! 'Having decided to replace niyteams with motor trucks, I will offerfor sale at my stable on Nineteenthstreet, at 2 p. pi.,Saturday, November 24 extra goodhorses;1 seyen-year-bid mare;3 wagons;1 Deeririg mower; i fr1 sulky rake; -A lof of-good wagon harness, tFISHER TRANSFER CO.(2t ,3 '' 4, -- -: r . -'---rABSOLUTELYFREEBy simply giving us their address and calling for map.Others may secure this big War Map by giving us theiraddress, paying 10 cents and calling' for man. WEWANT ONE IN EVERY HOME!'See Them in Our WindowTHIJ.T.HINTONCO,MOTORlHEARSETtfMQTOR INVAUDdCOACHv ,.- - -""ElTHERPIiONC" 36;v . "? n..UNDERTAKING."- ZpSV&HHE MAIN STSV u- -eICTwWlifiIKIXI1IKy MlIKI1KIIKIKIIKIKIIKIIVJ-IIIrVefgood-prioe.jDon,tloee your'votel , - Lrplementsi,-4s -r.liivTHE, BOintBON -lOCWS FAglS KT,TuDAr,:G(fOBmir, isir.Ttr5'1? tf'-fr WrB,A. -? a -far..--Vtj jm'mn:it.. , rs-VGEBJEAH MOB JlSKSKAISEE TOTJIFJOBr - :PARIS, October 28. An enormouscrowd assembled before the Reichstag building in, Berlin yesterday,calling for the abdication of Emperor.William and the formation of a republic, according to a special dispatch from Zurich to L'Information.Dr. Karl Liebknecht, the Socialistleader, who has been released fromprison, was applauded frantically.Se was compelled to enter a carriagefilled with flowers, from which hemade a speech, declaring that thetime of the people had arrived.1 1 1 & .,'CONGBESS EXPECTS SPEEDY ACTION ON DEEICIANCY BILLS, ' WASHINGTON, Oct. 28. Congressional leaders to-day expectedspeedy action by the Senate"' and JHouse conferees on the six-billion-dollar deflicienty bill, passed lateyesterday by the Senate. The bill,which meets the needs of the enlarged military program, as passedby the Senate, carried appropriationsslightly less than as passed by theHouse. Representatives of the twoHouses are expected to compromisethe differences without difficulty.So Congress is'golng to aim a blow-at high prices. But experience hasinspired no confidence in its aim inthat directionIGMKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, Pork. BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons." . HOT AND COLD BATHSWe BOURBON NEWSA MAN AND HIS WIFEVLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4I1 1fr Bourbon Laundryt fi ?'& i Paris TrnnnW - MjParis,ninf ",yu-' ''--''' .Zt-Xrr-iirrm,-u'rxMOTHER! DON'T TAKE- ' -"CHANGES-IF-CiniayS .TONGUE IS COATED' -If Cross, Feverish. Sick, Bilious.Clean Little liver andBowels.A laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. "Children simply will nottake the time from play to emptytheir bowels, which become cloggedup with waste, liver gets sluggish,stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child1 is listless, cross,feverish, breath bad, restless, doesn'teat heartily, full of cold or has sorethroat or any other children's 'ailment, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," then don't worry,because it is perfectly harmless, andin a few hours all this constipationpoison, sour bile and fermentingwaste will eently move out of thebowels, and you will have a well,playful child agaiiu A thorough "inside cleansing" is of times all that isnecessary. It should be the firsttreatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a bottle of1 "California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Lookcarefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company."(adv)fe Ea feUNTIIc CRIMES ABE EXPIATED,PEACE IS IMPOSSIBLE. '(By Octave Forsant, Superintendentof Schools in Rheims, France.)To have pillaged and burned villages, as I have seen, to have bombarded hospitals, poisoned springs,and, without any military justification, to have devastated whole regions and destroyed, the artistictreasures of mankind; to have killedwomen and mutilated children, during the years when the populationswere held conquered; to have castaside, in the name of God, but with aSatanic use of science, the warrior'svirtues and substituted for them, premeditated and wholesale assassination; there is the work of the German military caste.So long as such crimes shall othave been expiated, the war mustcontinue; so long as humanity canfear the return of similar atrocities,peace is impossible.In order to preserve, from the barbarians, the precious victories of acivilized world; in order to guarantee our children against the universal oppression of brutal force; in order to assure the rule of liberty, ofjustice, and of right; in order tosave the world, there must be no! peace until these crimes are expiated.TS IS ISSINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind.', writes: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."(adv-oct)a lm ?aThe man who tells with pride allabout the first thousand dollars heever made it apt to be more reticentabout the last thousand.I may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave thfe appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are --effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings us.Wert.Fifh StreetSATISFACTI ONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers .we areprepared .o do work Inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.ItV1Ja1Kentuckys&r?,8a&3asXJB:sa'''amMPBESTOENTPERSOMir EEPBE-"SEOTATOTESRRIVE INEUROPE.WASHINGTON, Oct. 28. Col. E.M. Housepersonal representative ofPresident Wilson and spokesman ofthe Stte department, and AdmiralWilliam S. Benson, chief of navaloperations, have arrived in "France torepresent the United States in theconsideration of Germany's plea foran armistice and peace negotiations.Col. House is accompanied by Gon-'don Auchincloss, his son-in-law;Joseph G. Grew, chief of the Statedepartment's division ' o'f WesternEuropean affairs, and former Secretary of the American Embassy at-Ber-lin, and Frank I. Cobb, of New York.1it ia unuersujuu. Vjui. nuuse is prepared to speak for the President inany negotiations that may be conducted, concerning questions to bedetermined before, the military mengive the terms on "which ,an armisticewould be possible or for the formulation of concrete terms upon whichpeace may be made whenever thefGermans are ready to surrender.Admiral" Benson is expected to represent the United States navy in thediscussion of naval questions, asGeneral Tasker H. Bliss representsthe army on the Supreme War Council. The fact that Colonel House leftfor Europe several days before President Wilson's final reply to Germany was dispatched is further proofthat every step of the President'snegotiaions with Germanyhas beentaken in full accord with the Ententegovernments. It also is taken to indicate that decision to transmit theGermanrplea to the Allies under' certain, conditions was reached even before the last note from Berlin wasreceived. lCol. House long has been recognized as the logical selection by thePresident to represent him in suchp.onferences as now are to be held.Not only is he closer to the Presirdent -probably than any other livingman, but he is believed to be peculiarly fitted for the task at hand. Hehas made frequent trips to Europesince the war began in 1914, conferring with leaders in the leading belligerent nations and more than ayear ago he was charged by the President with gathering data for use atthe peace conference.Col. House selected as his assistants in this work a number of experts in certain ' fields and a greatmass of- information has been gathered. Much of it has been assembledat the headquarters of the AmericanGeographical society in New York,and on his last trip to that city afterthe first German note was received.President 'Wilson examined the dafain company with Col. House.Us tea EaACIDITY OF STOMACH, INDIGESTION OF GASEat One Tablet! Get Instant Reliefby Taking Pape's Diapepsin.WJien meals don't fit and you, belch,gas, acids and undigested loooV'WTienyou feel lumps of distress in stomach,pain, flatuence, heartburn or headache. Here is instant relief Nowaiting!& AJust as soon as you eat1 a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin all the dyspepsia,indigestion and stomach, distressends. These pleasa-nt, harmless tablets of Pape's Diapepsinever. fail tomake sick, upset stomachs feel fine atonce, and they cost so little at drugstores. (adv)ta Ha ?aAUSTRO "- HUNGARIAN CABINETMEMBERS RESIGN ,BASEL, Oct. 28. Emperor Charles,according to a Budapest dispatch,has accepted the resignation ofBaron Bruin, the Austro-Hungarianforeign minister, and also of theHungarian cabinet, headed by Dr.Wekedle, Count Julius Andrassy, aHungarian statesman, has been appointed to succeed Baron Bruin.IKi Sa feCOUNT TIFTY1! PAINS AND NEURALGIA GONEInstant Relief ! Rub This Nerve Torture 'and Misery Right OatWith "St. Jacob's-Liniment."Rub this soothing, penetrating liniment right into the sore, inflamednerves, and like magic neuralgiadisappears. "St. Jacob's Liniment"conquers pain. It is a harmless "neuralgia relief" which doesn't burn ordiscolor the skin.Don't suffer! It's so needless. Geta small trial bottle from any drugstore and gently rub the "achingnerves" and in just a moment youwill be absolutely free from pain andsufferingsNo difference whether your pain orneuralgia is in the face, head or anypart of the body, you get instant relief with this old-time, honest paindestroyer it can not injure.fvaavjGERMANS PROMISE TO RELIEVEBELGIAN PRISONERS. lWASHINGTON, October 28. Re-7lease of all Belgian politicalprisoners held in Belgium oi?in Germany,except where a military menacewould result, has been promised byGeneral vpn Kalkhausen. Germanmilitary governor of occupied Bel-.gian territory. This became Icnowtvhere to-day in connection with thenews that Burgomaster Max of Brussels had been set free. "BRONCHIAL TROUBLE. ,Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfield,1Ind., states. "Fora,n attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the -spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlyrthing that gives me relief. -After,usingjt for a few days all stgris of.bronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)nog.jsaX .,-rE-.-YOU CAN'riTHD ANY"DANDRUFF, AJTD HAIRSTOPS COMING-OUTSave Your Hair! Make It Thick-Wavy, Glossy and1 Beautiful-V At Once..Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you can not find asingle trace of dandruff or fallingHair and your scalp will not itch,but what will please you most will beafter a few weeks' use, when yousee new hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty- of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand, at a time.- The effect is im-I mediate and amazing your hair willbe light, fluffy and wavy, and have anappearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre,, softness. and luxuriance, the beauty and shimmer of truehair healthy - -Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store or:tqilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby- careless treatment. A small trialbottle will double the beauty of yourhair. - (adv)ASTOUNDING WORK DONE BY BIGU. S. NAVAL GUNS.WASHINGTON, Ooct . 28. Announcement from France that American 16-inch naval guns, manned bynaval gun crews, have come into action with the American army at thefront disclosed that through effortsof the ordnance officials of the navyGeneral Pershing's forces are nowequipped with the most, powerful andhardest hitting weapons yet used Inthe present war, ashore or afloat, sofar as is known.The 16-inch rifles are similar tohose designed for use aboard the thenewest American dreadnoughts. Theyare 50 caliber, more than 66 feet inlength and weigh approximately 100tons without their carriages.Without question they are the longest range guns in use except the German super-guns, which are regardedmerely as a mechanical freak.The projectile weighs close to aton and its' bursting charge of themost powerful explosive known, ismeasured in hundreds of poundsagainst the few pounds in the German super-gun shell. The destructive effect is enormous.CATARHH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional.conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thi&country for years. It is composed .ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)CROATIANS IN REVOLTCITY OF ITETJM.SEIZE- BAZEL, Oct. 28. It -was annoimc-.ed in the lower chamber of the Hungarian Parliament that -theCroatian soldiers of the 79th regiment at Fieum had revolted, seizedthe city and destroyed the railroadthere. -Count Apponyi, Count Andrays andthe opposition deputies thereupon demanded the resignation of the Ministry, according to Budapest advicesreceived here.T5i sa. IsA BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know that a beautiful wo-Jman always has a good digestion ! Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)ACCOUNTANTS DEMANDEDCapable men and women wanted totrain af once, without interfering withtheir present duties, for auditing costproduction, controllers and executiveaccountancy work paying $2,500 to $6,000annually at the start.The Government is urgently calling: forexecutive accountants and assistants by thethousands for cost investigation in the basicindustries for assisting in the collection of billionsof income and other war taxes. Nearly everylarge corporation in ihe country is appealingto accountancy organizations for additionalaccountants, to facilitate industrial expansionand calculate heavy Federal taxes this is essential war and after-the-war work.The demand for general accountants, auditors, cost accountants and certified public accountants is so great that the available. supplyis entirely exhausted; and for this reason thetreasury has suggested to President Wilson thataccountants be recognized a a-class essentialto the war, and that they not only be exemptedfrom draft, but that some plans to be workedout to discourage their voluntary enlistment andto recognize their vajpe In industrial service.Our o'rganizationv the largest and bestequipped of its kind in the world, has been calledupon to train new men and women for executivepositions inutile -accounting fMd. With us youget tlte direct personal uidanQe of the largeststaff of accounting and business experts, including certified public accountants and members of the. Anercan Institute of Accpuntants,ever organized for giving instruction in 'thehigher accountancy field.Thorough instruction given f,or the C. P. A.examination. You .don't have to understandbookkeeping. We train you, from the groundup.. Hundreds of ninvhom we have helpedto bjggefayingposibons report salatyincretseBfrom one "to four time's" what they5 formerlyearned. iState. age, present employment andnicatftns strictly Confidential if desired.. -Ad--dress rVACCOUN-TANeY, -M t510 Provident Bank 'Building,, ' Cincinnati,1 Ohio. ,c . "Bustine Suds!v ?- -vVit V fti29u - mlr . . ... - t r wash day. You'll never wasterbarWash the Woolen Socks gasp again once you use GRANDMA.You Knit with GrandmaGRANDMA'S Powdered Soap; Your Grocer Has It !!K!GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.An Appeal to Home TelephoneSubscribers.Spanish Influenza hasV incapacitated a large part ofour operating force (including chief operator) and at thesame time has emphasized the necessity for telephone service-tomeet emergencies on this account. The operatorswho are still able to work can handle only those calls required by war work, sickness, public welfare and otherabsolute necessity. We are anxious to handle the important calls, and your full co-operation will be appreciated,PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerAttention, Farmers!Beginning Monday, Oct. 21We Began BuyingCREAMFOR THE C. W. JEAN COMPANYW0RTHINGT0N, IND.Tht Largest Crtamtry in the U. S. A., and will Pay thtHlfhtst Marktt Price at All Times. Give Us aTrial. Brine in a Can and Let Us TestIt For You.STONE & TARRCorner Main and Eighth Sts.(oct22-tf-T)1KmIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersito select from, Startfr-sm;r -!?V" rLOWRY&MAYs. - r ' ' V "VS- fBIG, "basting V bubbling, 'dirt-chasing soar! Real,honest, deanmsr suds-even in cold water. Glorious sudssuds that clean thoroughly. Suds,millions of 'em that smrge- throughthe clothes and simply drive omtevery particle of dirt. Water softenera, -washing powders- and bar soapmay be thrown away when GKANDMA comes to your house. Thismagical, marvelous powdered soaphas twice the cleansing power an3 athalf the cost GRANDMA cleansevery thing-, even the finest chiffons,without injury. Find out aboutGRANDMA--try her on your nextIrAmmxiXKiW. H. CANNON.local Manager&'ParisKentuckyearly.Tr- " , fsIHb'V,TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1918.'YTHE BOUKBOf JO-JfAM'mjCXX.NvPAGE.1ajMjArmlpmih J -7 '&'fl- ' ' - J -' - J- (xZr-- ', . . IAi(dgi JNKMi II nHTr aaTi "-Resembles OldFashioned GripThe symptoms of Spanish, Influenza are verysimilar to old fashionedgrip pains throughoutthe body, extreme dizziness, sleepiness, chills,high fever, headache,disturbed digestion withrunning1 at the nose andeyes and excessive spitting, showing an inflammation and congestionof the mucous linings.B f 1For Catarrh of Every Description TakePE-RU-NAThe well known and direct action of Peruna in restoring andmaintaining a healthy condition of the mucous membranes throughout the body makes it the greatest disease preventing and health,restoring remedy known to science.For forty-five years Peruna- has retained its title as a reliablesafe-guard to the health of the American family.EXPEBJEIfCE OF USERS THEBEST BECOMMEinUTlOffANNA, OHIO. "I find Peruna ex- Iicellent for Catarrh of the head. Ikeep Peruna and Manalin in theTiouse all the time." Mrs. A.Bunkle, Box 86.Try Peruna yirst TabletsBUSSIANS MUST BE IMITATINGGEEMAN "KULTUK."STOCKHOLM, October 28. Executions are the most merciful part ofthe Red Terror practiced in Moscowand Patrograd, according to severalneutral observers, who have just arrived in Sweden.While thousands, perhaps, havebeen executed, the list of victims isfar less appalling than the ruthlessmanner in which political prisonershave been sent to death without aSTOMACH UPSET?Get at the Real Cause Take DriEdwards' Olive TabletsThafs what thousandp of stomachsufferers are doing now. - Instead oftaking tonics, or trying to patch up apoor digestion, they 'are attacking thereal cause of the ailment clogged liverand disordered bowels.Dr. Edwards Oiive Tablets arouse theliver in a soothing, healing way. Whenthe liver and bowels are performing theirnatural functions, awa-goes indigestion2nd stomach troubles.If you have a bad taste in yourmouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,lazy, don't-care- feeling, no ambition orenergy, troubled" with undigested foods,you should take Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are apurely vegetable compound mixed witholive oil. You will know them by theirolive color. They do the work without.griping, cramps or pain.Take one or two at bedtime for quietxelief, so you can eat what you like.At 10c and 25c per box. All druggists.TREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, K'y.NO AGENTS.Lr-'""-?---'-N"rrrTHE PENDLETON SHOP, KSpecialof.-New Blousesin Georgette and. Crepe e de :Chine,"Beaded and Wool Embroidery -Jnthe-newest models and colors.-Smart Models with high necks.AtiTJhe -SPencttefon ci1 35 M. Main StManifested byCatarrhalCondrtitnWith the first symp-.toms of Influenza, it is,well to consult your fam-.Uy physician at once. It;is not the disease itselfthat .is to be feared somuch as it Is the- compli-1cations which may follow.To ward off SpanishInfluenza or as an aid toreturning: health after anattack, nothing Is any1better than- Dr. Hartman's World Famous Parana. NEWARK, N. J. "I have usedvreruna tor coxas ana grip, it willdo all .r you claim and more. Myfamily always have a bottle onhand for stomach and boweltrouble and colds." Geo. Clark, 124Union Street.or Uqiiid Sold Everywheresemblence of legal trial, the heartlessness with which they were treated and the utter indifference of theBolsheviki officials to appeals ofheartbroken relatives who have beenbeen kept in suspense and not allowed to learn what has become ofloved ones.Verified stories of scenes at Moscow and Petrograd prisons eclipsedescriptions of the barbarism of theMiddle ages and make the crueltiesof the French Revolution seem almost humane. Women prison officials, and many of them are women,are even more heartless than men. andtrample under loot all the better instincts expected of their sex. In Petrograd, Madame Jakovleva has beenplaced at the head of the commissionfor suppression of counter revolution, and it is greatly to her creditthat the terror has abated somewhatunder her administration. She apparently hesitates to shoot and imprison with the same indifferencethat characterised the regimes ofMoses Uritzky and William Shatoff,an American-trained anarchist, whoheld the post for a short time afterUritzky was assassinated late inAugust.s2HBest Canned Soups ?per can 1 0cScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $1.24Pancake Flourper package. . - v -. 1 5cIrish Potatoes '..... 3cSweet Potatoesper pound.. . v 4cCabbageper pound.,-... 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applespes, peck .'. Oc:New Mmce Meatner nackasre 1 2crThis mince meat- is sweet- 0ened ready for use. See &my line of Purt Fruit Pre- gj-strves. 1 BMDC FT flC'ilwMim.4J 111 mm jit l'! CASH AND CARRYGROCERY ;1 Opposite Court HouserfrsSBsgisiEsg;:kmikkDisplayKopJLgxiagton, Ky.o'flSSP Board Wm Camp CoinmunitritfBi50 . Service 'Amejem libraryyl H Association-HHBIIIHiHSHttiu.ij' IwiSk IliadUnited War WorkCampaign ProgramThe campaign begins on Mondaymorning, November 11, and ends atmidnight on Monday, November 18.As approved by representativesof the Government at Washingtonthe $170,500,000 wllL be divided asfollows :. Y. M.-C. A.'. . . .$100,000,000Y. W. 0. A 15,000,000National Catholic War Council (includingK n i g h t s ofColumbus) . . . 80,000,000War Camp Community Service 15000,000Jewish WelfareBoard., 3,500,000American Library Association 3,500,000Salvatiod Army 3,500,000Any surplus will be divided prorata.WELD SEVEN WARWORK AGENCIESINTO RELIEF ARMYGreat Organizations. .Whioh Are .Helping to Keep Up the Moraleof Fighting Millions Unite inCampaign for $170,500,000.With millions of American men onwar fronts, in training camps and onthe seas and with thousands of American women on foreign soil, all engagedin the stupendous task of making theworld safe for democracy, a great dutydevolves upon those who remain inthe United States, the duty of sending Home to those who have put Homebehlno" them for the period of the war.The agencies through which this canhe accomplished are joined in theUnited War Work Campaign.From being given the 'cigarette orchocolate bar, with which he stays hishunger in the fury of battle, to thetheatrical ) entertainment or theath-"letic games, which relax him Into normal comfort" after weeks of terrificcombat, the American fighter is de-' pendent upon the continued efforts ofthe Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., tneNational Catholic War Council and Kof C, the War Camp Community Service, the Jewish Welfare Board, theAmerican Library Association and theSalvation Army. To carry on thiswork the combined welfare organizations are seeking a fund of $170,500,000. .The Y. M. C. A. provides 538 huts inAmerican training camps and morethan 800 in the war zone as centreswhich the fighters can use as clubs,schools, theatres, stores, churches, libraries and writing rooms. More than7,000 men and women had been sentoverseas or approved for overseaswork by early autumn and 3,822 wereserving in American camps at home.Y. M C. A. huts are the canteens ofthe American Expeditionary .Force and-are 'the theatres where the American'entertainers, sent over by the "Y?'t appear. Noted American public men andclergymen speak in the huts. Classesare conducted there. Millions of lettersare written there on 'paper .provided,free by the "Y." ' Physical directors ofthe JY" teach rand spread "mass athletics, using material furnished freehy the organization. tThe Y W. C. Adoes.slniUar, workfor , -the thousands of American ,woipen'in war work overseas-slgnal " corpstelephone operators, nurses- andFrench munition workers. fr providescafeterias, rest and recreation centres,entertainment and reading 'for these?wome6 and girls.The X. W,v,C, At's outstanding con-'tribut!on to .soldier welfare work intraining quraps was the establishment fof Hostess Homs'eg, where the soldier,QF sailornaay receive hlg,mpth,er, wife,sister' or sweetheart, fcuthe' surround- 1ings andatmosphere of the best ! ' ,homes. ,The National Catholic War Councilco-ordinates all Catholic welfare workin support of the government andthrough the K, of C. provides clubhouses for our fighters in 'all American training camps, as well as havingseventy-five centres in France- andthree in England. In their huts the. K. of C. provides entertainingment,' movies, boxing bouts, educationalr! work, religious services, free sta'tion-''ery, reading matter and writing rooms.In France their rolling canteen aci companies the vAmerican army, theirsecretaries, march with the troops, giving away cigarettes, cookies, chocolates, soap and towels.The K. of C. had 300- workers inFrance at the beginning of autumn,, with 450 more passed by the government and 200 others signed up., Atthe same date they mtd 468 secretaries,in American training camps, 150 buildings, fifty-six more in the course oferection and contracts let for fiftymore.War Camp , Community Service. functions exclusively in America, itst Special mission being to "surround thecamps -with -hospitality." In place ofleaving, the soldier or sailor to thepromiscuous companions and diversions formerly his lot, the organization obtains tor him the best to be hadin communities adjoining camps orthrough which he passes.W, C. C. S. obtains for. him invitations to dine, bathe or spend the dayin the b est homes, it introduces himto the best women and girls at socialgatherings, , church entertainments,theatre parties. It arouses communl-I ties to provide .concerts, athletic con-tests and other wholesome diversionsfor the soldier, and to drive out ordiscourage the vicious demerits whichhave been historic camp followers.The Jewish Welfare Board, is correlating the strength and purposes of100,000 Jewish soldiers, sailors andmarines with that of the Gentile soldiers. The board teaches the Englishj language, American civics and idealsto tnousands of young Jewlsn menwho were inducted into service afteronly a few years' residence in thiscountry. While safeguarding his religious rites, the board assists in theprocess of welding the Jewish soldierinto the f solid "American unit and inbridging "over the differences betweenhim. and the others.The American Library Association isproviding reading matter for everyAmerican soldier, sailor, marine and'prisoner, of War.. A In addition to fathering and forwarding three millionbooks contributed . by the Americanpeople the association bought 660,271books, mostly technical, of which 198,287 x were, sent overseas. More 'than1,500,000 books of all' kinds have beenassigned to libraries in Y. M. C. A.,K. of C. or Salvation Army huts in thewar rone, a similar number being distributed in American training camps,while half a million are on warshipsor transports. The association haserected , and operates forty-one librarybuildings.The f Salvation Army, .with. 1,210workers, principally women, overseas,has won the affection of the -fighters.Its 501 huts, rest and readiner roomsare popular gathering places for thesoldiers. The doughnuts fried by Salvation lassies in huts or trenches andgiven, to the men have become famousaround the , world. v The SalvationArmy gave forty-four ambulances tothe American and Allies'- armies andin many other ways gives constant unselfish service.Why Yom Should Give TwiceWhat You Did Before,, The government has fixed' thesum needed .tor the care of themen jn the, service at $170500,000.Unless .Americans give twice asmuch as ever before our soldiers, .sailors and marines in 1919 may notenjoy their ,' 3,600 recreation buildings1,000 miles of movie film100 stage stars2,000 athletic directors12,500 libraries supplying. 3,000,000 bookst Svjjhostess' houses15.000 "Big Brother" secretaries 'Millions of dollars ofnorae comfortsGire to maintain the 'morale thatis winning the war mw;"No Americii Nay Refuse,"Cirdliil Gibbons SaysJames Cardinal Gibbons, theleading Catholic churchman inAmerica, has 'issued a strong appeal In support of the United WarWork Campaign."It is an, American campaign," he.said. "Its appeal is one r that noAmerican may refuse.. America'sanswer will be another triumphantannouncement that we are in tillswar as one people and as one nation to see it through to victory.Into the splendid work of sustaining the morale of .our fighting menthe great social organizations ofAmerica have thrown themselves.The merican people will raise thesums they ask generously andgladly." 'CATHOLIC BOYS JOINWAR WORK CAMPAIGNGirls, Too, Wffl'SHnff With ThemBehind Every Fighter' at the Front.- To put behind every Catholic fighterin France the support of one boy orgirl in every parishjthroughout theUnited States is the plan jot the National Catholic War Council for backing the Victory w Boys' 'and VictoryGirls' "Earn, and Sive"" division of 'theUnited Work War Campaign to raise$170,500,000 ""for the boys over there"during the week of November U-18.Through diocesan, county and parishorganizations, ' the rallying of oneyoungster for every man who has goneto war in every community-is already4mder way. By their own earnings,and not by-contributions, It is expected, that these sturdy little sponsorsfor the boys abroad will each raise atleast five dollars for the joint welfare work of the Y. M. Of. A., Y. W.C. A., National Catholic War Council, Including the Knights of, X)olumbus, War Camp Community Service,"Jewish Welfare, Board, American Library Association and. Salvation Army.Boys and girls in every Cathojicparish throughout -the United Statesare already being picked to representeach fighting man who has left theirchurch for the front In every homethat flies a service flag Utile brothersnun. suiters, sous uuu uaugnters, areeagerly volunteering to look out forthe share of their family fighter in thehuge joint weBare campaign for allthe boys abroad.BOOKS FOR SOLDIERSSUPPLIED BY A. L. A.English Camp Shows the GoodWork of That Organizationfor Our Boys.Something like 13,500 pieces of stationery -are distributed daily among4,000 enlisted men by Uriah B, Brubaker of Iola, Kas., as librarian at theY. M. C. A. writing tent, WoodleyBest Canjp of the American Expendltlqnary Forces in southern England.The number, of .troop at this camp.varies from 3,000 to 9,000.This single detail indicates why ItIs necessary for the Y. M. C. A., Y. W.OA,, NationaliCatholIcr Wat .Counciland K. of C, War Camp Community- Service, Jewish Welfare r Board andSalvation Army 'have tofurnish'125,000,000 sheets a month for soldiers'letters. -r -Hundreds of books are taken out inthis small camp, books furnished bythe American Library Association .rtndhandled by the Y. M.C. A. Most of. thedemands jare for& good-tclass of- fiction. Thirty American newspapers arereceived there daily. One hundredandfifty magazines are -in use daily, and,400 pieces of athletlC'equfpraent-iurnished byhe "Y" are put to" good use.THE DEMAND FORTRAINED WOMENBy enrolling atonce for our com- -pleteBusiness- Course. Fugmzzi,Graduates are always in demand, .and the supply is much less than this:demand. NWe court a thorough investigation. Send for free Booklet, "The Fu-- tgazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates .for? Civil5Service. Write, phone or call at school for,full information. . . . .Fugazzi School of ?BusinessEfficiency is Our Watchword ' ' 'Miss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal. "r.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 N. TlDDer St.. Second'Iloor. . -LexiiiErton.Ky.BRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreWorth living, than a well illuminated house.9lseOieetretfyfor Eiabiina.It's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating and Cooking'It's the onlyx sensible plan.Let Us Fix Vwi UjTFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Special Attentionis called to our .-Shoe -DepartmentYquwiiljbe pleased with the tmany different styles? -etc.-r-&black, tan, mahogany and mouse .color.r$3.00$4.0$5.00$6.00$6.50Twin Bras.Department Store JMain and 7th Pack, Ky.Professional Cards.vfeM' ;RAA!NAttorney-at-LawS&Lr- HBOOMS 401-402HBST NAT'L siSK BUUDONr"DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, No,md TkrtTOST.--'T,P50M1MhJ'f&,'&y -?asj"rijf7rr -' t - i;&L.""XS'RfaiU. mi's WHO''" VL -' "S- " '' , -x r"xs ' L -1MM DMTyTHE BOURBON NK105, PARK, KY.'I . n, f V I. --" .A. - I' "' T "- 1 r ''IIPMIi..?tmarT.F.RSRTJRf. ...- -.i!Miss Blanche Marshall, of, Portsmouth, O., arrlretf Saturday as the,:guest of her parents, Mr. ana Mrs' Samuel Marshall.Mr. Raymond Miller returried tplate nuuitj ai jrueuiu, uuiu., guuuj.t, He nas oeen nere since iue critical? 2Reas of his brother, Dr. W. M. Milvler " ... vMis. Sapiuel Marshall, son and.daughter, Mr.1 Earl Marshall, andBlanche Marshall, the latter ofI Portsmouth', 0., were guests of rela-" .tivea in. .Carlisle, Sunday 'and Mon-' -day.-- mid-day prayer peeting" washeta in the "homes here Sunday. Allthe church bells rang for a time, anderery home was expected to conducta short prayer service, which wasome in. many of them.Everything brought good pricesat the sale of Mr. D. M. Hurst, onThursday, and Mr. Farris, on Friday. The two families have not definitely decided just where they willmore- to.The Millersburg Red Cross Chapter snipped a box of the followingTefugee and hospital garments: Forty-Areladies' morning jackets, fifteen, girls' petticoats, twenty-eight"bed fsocks and twenty-three pajamas.' Miss Effie Tackett, of OwingsYille, is with.' her sister, Mrs. ThomasStone, assisting in caring for theiamily suffering with influenza. Theoldest son, Willie Stone, has developed pneupnonia, and is seriously ill.Harry Hutchcraft, of Louisville?Mr. Ijee Miller, and Miss Mary M. JMiller, of Atlanta, Ga., and RaymondMiller, of Pueblo, Colo., who came2iere to attend the funeral of Dr. W.M. Miller, have returned to their re-jpective homes. IL Influenza still continues in Mil'lersburg. Many of our people areIcareCul, cautious and prudent, andare doing much to help to stamp outthe dreaded malada. The crowds'about the loafing places are" smaller,"nuuay people are staying at home andtkr not- come to town except on busiiaess. Marshal Linville is dispersingcrowds where he finds them togathervThere is less loafing about the depot,.though the homes are not placardedin, are the inmates copnpelled toIstay in. If this was only done andevery one co-operate together the influenza would soon be a thing of thepMt.'in Millersburg. The following isa -irtial list of patients: Severalariittabers of the family of Mr. Chas.IRfcfcertsoh, Mr. a. W. Johnson, Dr.IFfc'-'M. Boxley, Mr. and Mrs. EarlIstico, three children of the familyof Mr. Arthur Robertson, Miss Margie Bowles. It is also said to be in thefamily of Lewis Young, colored, anda few other colored families, whoseDEATHS. v '- 'j. ., OWENS. I-7-Harry .Owens, of Michigan, awell-known graveling man, died ofinfluenza in, Manchester, Ohio, .lastTieek, after ,a short illness. He wasa cdusin of Jlr." Jesse Owens and theMisses Owens, of Paris.. MruO'wens, ,who traveled for a large'furniture manufacturing concern inMichigan, was a frequent visitor inParis,, and had expected to be herethis week, having ordered his mailforwarded here.FLANDERS.The funeral of Mr. George Flanders, aged thirty, who died at hishome in North Middletown, thiscounty, Thursday -night, after a longillness, was held Friday afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the North Middletown Cemeteryby Rev. Frank M. Tinder, pastor ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch. The pall-bearers were Wm.Flanders, Adrian Flanders, ClayReed, Otis" Johnson, John WillieJones and Lawrence Mitchell.Mr. Flanders was a son of Mr. W.R. Flanders, of the North Middletownprecinct, and was well and favorablyknown as an upright, honorable manwho was highly esteemed by all whoknew nijm.He is survived by his wife, formerly Miss Maude Johnson, and thieeHsons, Robert, John and Shirley Flanders, one daughter, Miss ThelmaFlanders and his parents, Mr. andMrs. William R. Flanders.HUME." Mr. Robert Hume, aged twentyfive, formerly of Paris, died at St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, Saturday night, after a short illness ofpneumonia. The body was brought toParis yesterday afternoon. Thefuneral was held at four o'clock, withservices conducted. at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Mr. A. L.Boatright. The pall-bearers were:Forrest Letton, Jr., Robert C. Frakes,Dr. Ernest Hosier, Si Kenney Nichols, Dee Hume and George Batterton.Mr. Hume was a son of the lateOrlando Hume and Lula MooreHume, who resided on a farm nearClay's Cross Roads, in this county,for several years, and who preceded him to the grave several years-ago. He was an expert horseman,and before his illness was engaged intraining a large string of thoroughbreds near Lexington. He is survived by one brother, Mr. MatthewHujme, of Louisville.manes we have not been able to ob-j m rGAS HEATERS CONNECTED UP" , EBEE OP CHARGE." -Now is the time to have that "NewPWcgss" Gas Stove put up. Colddaycare near at hand. We connecttaejn "Up for you free of charge. Savea'plumbing bill.(gAtf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.'CROSTHWAITE.X,. , - ,., . ,f iue luuerai oi lur. unaries a.Crosthwaite, a former resident of thiscity, who died in Chester, Pa., lastweek, was held Saturday morning ateleven o'clock, with services held atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery byRev. George R. Cojmbs, pastor of theParis Methodist church.Mr. Crosthwaite was ,a son of thelate Mr. Wm. H. Crosthwaite, andwas born on the Crosthwaite farm onthe North Middletown pike, sixty-flveyears ago. He was for a time engagen in. business in this city, and afterward took a position as travelingsalesman. He was on a business tripin Pennsylvania when stricken withthe illness which resulted in hisdeath.Mr. Crosthwaite was a brother ofthe late Mrs. S. Lilleston; of thiscity. He is survived by his widow,I.I'itfVr Mmm m- jujmm. ,pr-Mrs. Emma Crosthwaite, of Kamafeft'City, TVIo.; three" .children, lfjaC MaryC! Brown", of "Arkansas; Mite- Helendrosthwaite, andMrT RalpbCrthwai'te, of Kansas tyjMdfr also by,one brother, Mr. J. D- .Crosthwaite, ofBirmingham, Ala., and, r one sister,Mrs. Blanche Aker, of t)hio. vFITZGERALD.'William Fitzgerald son of Mrs,James Fitzgerald, of South .Mainstreet, died in Hamilton, Ohio, Friday, of influenza. The body was takento Brooksville, Ky., for burial. Thosefrom Paris who 'atteiided the funeraLwere Mrs. James Fitzgerald, JamesFitzgerald, Miss Mayme Fitzgerald,William Stephens, also Mrs. JamesMullhblland, of Georgetown. sSWEENEY.Mr. Michael C. Sweeney, agedthirty-eight, died at his home in Lexington, afiter a short 'iljness of influenza. The funeral was held in Lexington, Saturday, followed by burialin the Catholic Cemetery. Mr. Sweeney was a brother of Mr. WilliamKSweeney, of Paris. Besides Mr. Wm.SJweeney he is survived by threebrothers and one sister, Mrs. ArthurAtchley, of Dayton, Ohio.TAYLOR. iMr. Homer Taylor, -aged aboutthirty-two, died at the home of hisfather-in-law, Mr. W. H. Bishop, atHooktown', near Millersburg, after anillness of ten days with a complication of influenza and pleuro-pneumo-nia.Short funeral services wereheld at the grave in the MillersburgCemetery. Mrs. Taylor and her littlebabe, who have been ill with the influenza, are reported as being sotmebetter.'INGELS.Loretta Ingels, the one-year-olddaughter of Mrs. George W. Ingels,died at Cynthiana, of influenza. The.child's father died, about a week agoin T,oledo, Ohio. The body -wasbrought to Paris, accompanied byMrs.Jfrigels and her 'three 'children.Mrs. Ingels then went to Cynthianato visit her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Frank McElhiney, and her daughterwas taken ill there.' BOWEN.The funeral of Mr. Ira Bowen,who died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, Friday night,following an operation for appendicitis, was held Sunday afternoon at2:30 o'clock. Services were conducted at the grave in the PaTis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, afteVwhich the committal service of theKnights of Pythias, of which he hadbeen a prominent member, was usedby representatives of the local lodge.The pall-bearers were J. K. Cahai,Thos. M. Funk, Louis Wollstein, E. L.Shanklin, Robt. L. Harney and ChasGreen. ' ,INSURANCE!;IR,E TORNADO . AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your rpolicies 'and let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers Sc Traders BankMmiiiiiiiiiiMUHimunimiiHiiiiiHHMHMiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBKaBBBBBBBBa" ltBBBBBBBBBBBR.BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBkAjiVHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBm9JHQRBBBBBHBBBPBBBBflH1-.M. 14ilviJhe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Jv. N.?1.n?ii XM XWJ rV- or Home 286-. V t.' -I' ' .T km SixthT StreetsJ-f .Motor equipment.ir.. .awnmihhicc cans promptly attended to with ourm m m - . ' " -A.Uiwutne invalid Ccrt. 'Hearse used for funeral purposes only.'"ft .1 ::ii tBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBhBBBBRBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBhwbTPb - v bbbIbbBIVINS.Mr. James Bivins, aged eightyone, a former resident of Paris, die"dat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, Saturday morning, at fouro'clock, of the innipnities ofge. Tle,funeral was held yesterday t aftenoon, with services conducted at tngrave in the Jackstown Cemetery, ajtwo o'clock.During his residence in Paris, MpBivine was connected with tlie SingerSewing Machine Co., as salesman.Several years ago he moved to NorthMiddletown, where he had residefdon a farm until a few months ago. ;He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Frances Scott Bivins, two sons an;dthree daughters. 'PAYNTBR.The funeral of Mr. Charles D.Paynter, aged fifty-nine, who died athis home in Thornton Division, inthis city, Saturday, of dropsy, washeld Sunday afternoon at one o'clock,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, by Rev. W. B.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.Mr. Paynter is survived: by hiswidow, two sons, Mr. Strother Paynter and Clarence Paynter, b.oth ofParis, and six daughter, Mrs. A. M.McCall, Mrs. Elmer Foote and Mrs. I.D. Foster, all of Lexington, MisalAda Paynter, Miss Dorothy -Paynterand Mrs. Luther Collins, of Paris.mtiFw&iati&&4to&CASKTJLgmiJE.?.TS"J-r - jThe Republicans and their Louisville .organ are. making loud assertions mat tneir candidates- are sureof election in the Fifth District, butthey are not sustained by the facts.In the nrst place the registrationshows a safe Democratic majority andit is -a well known fact that most ofthose who registered as independentwin vote for Stanley and Sherley.Both will carry the district by safemajorities vsince most people who givethe matter thought, recognize theoverwhelming merits of each". Theyknow that Governor Stanley hasmade a splendid record as Congressman and as Governor and has keptfull faith with the, people, while MnSherley's position in Congress makeshim almost indispensible in the winning of the war. As chairman of theAppropriations Committee he has hadto handle all the war expendituresand his seryices have been such ai tomake even his enemies praise him;Uncle Joe Cannon, who once held theposition, saying that he has made thebest chairman he has 'even known.President Wilson needs both. Sherleyand Stanley to give him the unflagging assistance for which he appealsand the voters of the Fifth Districtwill respond most loyally.. The effort to make the impression in thecountry that Louisville will repudiate both is a falsehood that can onlybe characterized properly by theshorter and uglier word. Put no confledence in it, but do your best tomake the majorities of Stanley andthe other Democratic nominees record breaking.?a mBIRTHS.4?' - - . . r - ," t 4. ., f . ... n t r(j35- rf '" W f ..-, - .r.mmBomm. r ViTTJAXOCTOHBlLaS, lfJIL'rrATo the wife of Mr. LlewellynCan trill, of near Paris, a son; fourthchild. Mrs. Cantrill was formerlyMiss Bessie Leonard, of near Shawhan. ' .To the wife of Mr. Harry Lyons,of this city, a daughter, christenedMary Catherine. Mrs. Lyons was formerly Miss Katie O'Meara.HURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid penalty, which will beattached to all unpaid Taxes onNovember 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,(td) City Collector.5i )Sl J51Mr. Horiguchi, first secretary atthe Japanese legation at Madrid,has been appointed minister to Brazil. ' ti im iBiThe English parliament, when itreconvines, will be asked to legalizethe election of women members, nowthat women over 30 are franchised?it--.(Advertisement.)Extracts From Gov. Stanley'sSpeeches. "On March 16, 1913, Governor Stanley,made a speech 'in Cincinnati, Ohio. TheCincinnati Enquirer, a Democratic newspaper, in its issue of March 17, 1918, reports his speech as follows:He also sailed into the Prohibitionists by declaring there is littleuse "of our boys laying down their' lives for liberty in France "if a lotof fanatics and cranks" are allowedto deprive Americans of liberty athome. "These fanatics are worse.tyrants than the Kaiser, and arebigger fools," was his parting shot.This was quoted in an editorial in theLexington Herald, also a Democratic newspaper, in its issue of date March 19, 1918,and that paper made this comment:Would it not be better for the'Governor of Kentucky, in whom isinvested the supreme executivepower of the State, to exert himselfto provide a force to preserve peacein Kentucky, than to be "overthere" across the Ohio declaiming about "pellets of lead from flaming rifles" and denouncing Prohibitionists as "worse tyrants than theKaiser and bigger fools?"(oct22-3t)mnnnnEjjg-j-jfc;EIB;3Iiifjiijaan-U.4U-.rsLEMASTER.The funeral" of Mr. Dell Lemaster, aged thirty-one, well-known andvfirv -nomilar Louisville & Nashvilleengineer, who died of influenza in theWilson Hospital, in Maysviiie, 'riaaymorning, was held Sunday afternoon.The hody was brought here fromMaysviiie, and taken to the ParisCemetery where services were conducted at the grave at four o'clock,conducted by Rev. George R. Combs,castor of the Paris Methodist' church.The ritual of the Masonic order oiwhich he was a member, followedthe services as -the body was committed to the grave.The pall-bearers were Thos. J.Kiser, Dr. W. R. Franklin, M-. E. McCurdy, W. C. Snapp, Robert E. Luskand M. H. H. Davis.Mr. Lemaster had been' in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville formany years. Part of the time he hadmade his home in this city, residingwith Mr. and Mrs. Earl Shanklin, onSouth Main street. 'He was one ofthe most popular men in the L. & N.service, and had a host of friendshere and elsewhere who sincerelymourn him. Mr. Lemaster's brother,Mr. Matt Lejmaster, also in the employ of the L. & N., died last Tuesday at Soldier; Ky., of influenza. Mr.Lemaster is survived by his parentsand two brothers all of whom resideat Soldier.IS ! WSCUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose wher,eflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. TARDEN,(224f) . Florist AgenkHi f 7several .women Jn the State ofWaskington.are working as station;.agents oVfhe tjoub; jri&r6ft4s ipQuick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to btiy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.Greatest and Most Complete Selection of New,Stylish Men's, Women'sand Children's Footwear at Prices we willbe Unable to Duplicate:IIil IN I f!vk f IM&!Wt offer the most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atSPECIALBARGAINPRICESf. ,nDon't Put it Off ; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,custom made, at..Ladies' Mahogany Tan' EnglishBoots calf tops, at ." .......Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low tfieel, atv..,.......Ladies' Gun. Metal, button,low he,el, at . .'$5.95$5.00$3.95$3.49$2.49Men's Dark Tan English benchmade, atMen's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over,English ....Men's and'Boys' E. J. Best Wearing Shoes, heavy flexible solesBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoesat$5.50$4.50$3.49$4.00$3.49Dim COHENParis' GreatesfcfShjoJe .Storte;Where Beauty al Ecwy Reifni93t:iMiiiiiiiiiiryiiiiitMiM""MriiiiiiiiiMiiiuJ,'.- .Jti.MMlAailMPHWMMiM75i '"xMfTstscrWfr'V(TiS;- n,.- T .ti i,W" v'V10I "- ''V J V ! -vcsLlL.l.y!?j t .Z 3'