i,.A ."- 1'Jr r 2"r , -4,- tj-, &-v 4;mvf IPUBLISHED EVERY - TUJESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1918t.JP" WTHEBOURBON NEWSIXJDK. ACHESON'S ADDBESS MOSTNOTEWORTHY AND INTERESTING. 4"Inspirational, entertaining, instructive, and altogether delightful" was one of the hundreds of favorable comments heard Tuesdaynight, as the big crowd of delightedlisteners wended their way from thecourt house.The occasion was an address delivered by Dr. John C. Acheson, ofPittsburg, Pa., formerly president ofCaldwell College (now KentuckyCollege for Women) at Danville.Dr. Acheson held his audience fornearly two hours under the wizardry of his oratory. There wasnothing of the vainglorious orspread-eagleism about it, and, as oneog his auditors expressed himself, "Itwas just a plain, common-sense address from a good patriotic plaincommDn-sense American." And thatfits the case exactly.Dr. Acheson told of his experiences and impressions in France andItaly, where he went as one of thespecial commission of three Americans selected to investigate Y. M. C.A. work in those war-stricken countries. He told at great length ofwhat had been accomplished andelectrified his hearers with a forcible statement of the atrocities of theHun. He scored the . bigots andfanatics who had been persistentlyslandering the American army as becoming drunkards, saying that suchcharges were made only by "hypocritical slanderers," and stated thathe had never in his life seen a finersense of obligation and better morals among thousands of men thanhe had encountered among UncleSam's men in France. It is impossible to give an off-hand account ofDr. Acheso-n's most able address.Those who did hear it were fortunate and carried away with them aprofounder respect for the boys whoare fighting for the cause of freedom,while back in America, slanderersand traducers are endeavoring to besmirch them with tales of their immorality. Pa Jes isVICTIM OF SHOOTING DIES ATMASSIE HOSPITAL. .Neal Parker, L. & N. railroad man?who was shot in the lung and abdomen Saturday night by Mrs. PaulineFleeman, died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, about 9:45 o'clockMonday night. Physicians werehopeful of a favorable outcome, butthe patient developed a restlessness-which caused inward "bleeding" iiithe wound in the lung. This andother complications resulting fromthe wound caused death, as detailedin a bulletin from the Massie Memorial Hospital, Monday night. The"body was removed to the Geo. W.Davis undertaking establishmentand prepared for burial, and latertaken to the Parker home on Vinestreet.The authorities were notified ofParker's death, and on Tuesdaymorning an amended warrant wasdrawn up by County Attorney D. D.Cline, charging Mrs. Pauline Fleeman with murder. The warrant wasserved an Mrs. Freeman at the county jail. She had previously been apprised of Parker's death, and madeno comment.Mrs. Fleeman's defense has beenplaced in the hands of Attorney E.M. Dickson, who will represent herat the examining trial, which has"been set for ten o'clock this (Friday)morning .before County Judge Geo.Batterton. Mrs. Fleeman will probahly enter a plea of self-defense. Mrs.Fleeman is a native of Chattanooga,Tenn., and her husband is fromKnoxville, Tenn.Parker's funeral was held in theParis Cemetery Wednesday afternoon at five o'clock, with services atthe grave conducted by Rev. W. B.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. He is survived by his widow, Mrs. Dora Parker; three sons,R. E. Parker, of Paris, Wm. A. Parker, now in the service of his country at Ft. Benj. Harrison, Ind., andwho was excused on furlough to attend the funeral; and Archie Parker, and one daughter, Miss IreneParker, all of Paris.PAIGE .AND .BRISCOEBILES.AUT0M0-Special features of the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstrations,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.m nmOFF FOR THE LAKES.Equipped with a plentiful supplyof bait, camping equipage and personal luggage, a party of Paris tourists, composed of Dan W. Peed, Sr.,Harry B. Clay, J. Frank Clay andWallace W. Mitchell, left yesterdaymorning for State Line, Michigan,where they will spend two weekscamping, fishing and "studying natural history and botany."Wallace Mitchell made a solemnpromise before departure to see tothe perfect moral conduct of theparty during their stay, and promised further to see that the t truth,the whole truthf .and nothing but thetruthshould be told about the sizeof the biggest fish caught during,theirstay?incamp.- --STORM PARTLY RELIEVES PE' RIOD OF HEAT.It was but slight and temporaryrelief afforded by the storm of Wednesday night from a heat period thathad brought the people of this section to the point of believing therewould be no relief at all. Yesterday's temperature .was almost as unbearable as the terrifflc hot days that Ipreceaea it.Following a period of fourteendays, during which the mercury didits best to climb away over the topand go out on a little scouting expedition of its own, a storm developedabout eight o'clock Wednesday night,increasing in intensity, -until aboutten o'clock it Troke in full fury in awhirlwind of rain, accompanied bythunder and a brilliant "and long continued dislay of lightning. Thestorm produced all kinds of electricalenergy, from the common heatlightning in the beginning to thevarious forms of snake, zigg-zag,circular, forked, straight-up, riproaring and other kinds of unchainedlightning. For about an hour therain poured down, giving promise ofdoing something to help swelteringhumanity. The storm cooled the airvery perceptibly for a. while, butwith the coming of morning the mercury began to rise again, and yesterday was a muggy, close, hot successor of a short period of comfort.Reports from different sections ofthe county state the storm did noappreciable damage. The only severedamage reported was when thelightning struck a big barn on thefarm of Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, on theWinchester pike, near Paris, destroying it, together with the contents.Two thousand bales of hay whichhad just been stored in the barnwent up in flames. A big tree standing near the barn was torn to piecesby the force of the electric current.No estimate of the property loss orinsurance on the barn and-contentscould be obtained yesterday, as Mrs.Clay was not at home. 'Parties returning from Lexington,Wednesday night, were caught in thedownpour and held captives for atime on the Lexington pike. Oneman toid THE NEWS man yesterdaythat in coming from Lexington hismachine went through water at several places along the Lexington pikealmost over the hubs of the wheels.At Camp Zachary Taylor the lightning set on fire and destroyed severalLthousand bales of hay and straw,causing a property loss estimatedat$150,000.m m MB-4 PI RE- Insure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsEIRE DESTROYS BARN;ABOUT $3,750.LOSSMr. D. G. Taylor sustained aproperty loss of about $3,750 Tuesday afternoon, when a large barn onhis farm, on the Clay and Kiserpike, near this city, was destroyed byfire of unknown origin.The barn had just been filled withnewly-baled straw, over 1,700 baleshaving been placed in storage there.About five hundred sacks of bluegrass chaff were in the destroyedbuilding. The fire communicated toa nearby cow shed and corn crib,which also went up in flames. So intense was the heat from the burningbuildings that a half-acre of tobaccoa short distance away was ruined.Mr. Taylor carried some insuranceon the barn, but none on the otherbuildings, or on the contents of thebarn.?ss te SlFfrt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.BRUNER'S VICTORY CONCEDED.Although the figures in the primary election foT the ' Republicannomination for Senator are incomplete, enough have been received toindicate the nomination of Dr. BenL. Bruner, of Louisville, over JudgeB. J. Bethurum, of Somerset, andDr. Bruner has received a letterfrom his opponent acknowledgingdefeat and pledging support in therace against Senator Ollie James.Reports from eighty-seven out of120 counties in the State give Bruner 16,028, and Bethurum 14,397,but Dr. Bruner declares he has received reports from 116 counties,giving him a majority of 3,464.In the second appellate districtwith Warren and Henderson still outJudge Settle's lead over Judge Henson for the Democratic nominationis 1,375, assuring the present ChiefJustice of the nomination.HOT WEATHER BARGAINS.i Men's $14.00 Palm Beach Suits reduced to $8.75.TWIN BRQTHERS.(6-tf) Department Store.ATX BUSINESS MUST PAY FEDERAL LICENSE.A schedule inserted in the draftof the $8,000,000,000 revenue bill-J by the House Ways and Means Com-mittee cans lor me yajrmcut ui uannual Federal license of $10. byproprietors of all businesses or professions. Jleads of wholesale concernsdoing a business yearly of $200,000or more, will Be required to pay afee of $25. banners, mechanics, ministers and teachers wIlHbe exemptedfromthe oc'cupaonaljtai: , " fcNOTES OF THE COUNTY SCHOOLS.Mrs. Katie' Rice, Trustee of Nprth jMiddletown school district, tenderedher resignation to the County Boardof Edimatimi whin aa 9p.b.i.V3"J8SBbm lo aeip tneMr. Walter Waugh, was elected to fillthe vacancy on petition, of the district. Miss Alma Rice, the teacheralso tendered her resignation asprincipal of the school. Miss LouiseBenthall was elected to fill the place.Miss Lula Graham has resignedher position as teacher of the Mcllvaine school. She will be 'succeededin that position by Miss MattteCowgy, of Lexington.Miss Nancy Owen has resignedher position as teacher in the FordsMill school, and is succeeded by MisStella Wasson. Miss Owen and MillsCordelia Oder have been elected opositions at the Center-Hill school. (Margaret Hughes, of Hutchison,was elected teacher in the Sidvillecolored school, and Virginia Raynesfof Louisville, to Clintonville coloredschool. N. L. Byrd, of Washington,and G. C. Davis, of Missouri, havebeen selected to fill positions in thefaculty of the Little Rock Manu&lTraining School. ! -H. C. Russell, president of theLouisville "Normal School, will conduct the Colored Teachers' Institutein this city next week. The sessionsof the Institute will be held in thecourt house, beginning on Monday,August 19.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood submitted his anniialsettlement to the Board, which wasaccepted and approved as correct.All the schools will open on September 2. All the teachers, underprovisions of the new school law,will be required to make weekly reports of delinquent pupils to Mrs.Nannie Clark, Supervisor of RuralSchools and County Truant Officer.RED CROSS SOCIETY ASKS HELPFOR SOLDIER'S WIFE.The good onices or the BourbonCounty Chapter of the Red Cross arebeing used in behalf of Mrs. FannieWashington, colored, who resides onEighth street near the covered bridgeon the Georgetown pike. Mrs. Washington desires to take in washingfor individuals or for small families.Her husband is in thedraft serviceat Camp Zachary Taylor, and she ismore or less thrown upon her ownresources.We are asked to state to the general public that the Red Cross having become interested in the case ofMrs. Washington, as a part of theirHome Service work, would greatlyappreciate any assistance shown her.g WE KNOW lW IHot Weather?Why, Certainly!1But there it no need to suffer when you canwhen you can purchase light weight comfortableclothing from us.Palm Beach Coat and TrousersCool Cloth and Mohair Suitsthat will certainly keep you cool these hot, sultry days$1350 to $25.00Men's Summer Underwear in union suits andtwo-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks.Straw Hats and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00. :Low Cut Oxford Shoes, tans and blacks Nettleton and J. P. Smith mikes, $7.00 to $12.00..Do not delay. Buy to-day and be cool and comfortable.MITCHELL &NettletonDr. ReodV Cushion Sole Shoes:S y-jA MESSAGE FROM KING GEORGEI OF ENGLAND.While passing through London on: their, wa to various stations in theAllied armies, soldiers of the UnitedStates armies were presented withletters bearing the personal signature of King George V., of England.The.. letters were in the King's handwriting, or a fac-simile thereof, andgave out a cheering note of appreciation of the English nation of theefforts of the American nation inthe great battle for human freedom.One of the letters came to Mr.Hershel Humble, recently of Paris,who is now in England. Mr. Humblesent the letter to Mrs. Humble, whois at present in this city. The letter,written on note paper and stampedwith the royal crest and coat-of-armsof England, and the address,Windsor Castle, is as follows:"Windsor Castle."Soldiers of the United States:"The people of the British Islewelcome you on your way to takeyour stand beside the armies ofmany nations now fighting in theOld World the great battle for human freedom.. "The Allies will gain new heartand spirit in your company. I wishthat I could shake the hand of eachone of you separately and bid youGod speed on your mission."(Signed) GEORGE, R. I."SILK SHIRTS.An especially attractive showingthis week. Prices $6 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BURSTING POP BOTTLE CAUSESPAINFUL INJURIESWhile storing a large number ofpop bottles on ice at the restaurantand fruit stand of Mr. James E. Craven, on Wednesday morning, Mr.Wm. W. Dudley was painfully injured when one of the bottles burst.The flying fragments of glass struckhim on the right leg, just above theknee, cutting a deep gash, fromwhich, he has suffered considerably.MrDudley seems to be havingmore than his share of troubles inthat line. Some time ago he wasdisabled from active duty for several days when a highly-charged popbottle burst, cutting a deep gash inhis hand, and barely missing one ofthe! large veins in his wrist.BEAUTIFUL PATTERNS IN GING' HAMS, PRICESEQUALLYAS ATTRACTIVE,See our line of ginghams at 30and 35 cents per yard. Some beautiful patterns. Compare our priceswith others before buying. We willappreciate your business.PARIS RACKET STORE.13aug-3t)BLAKEMOREShoeI'AIfDT THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mrs. J. T. Brown left Wednesdayfor a7 visit to her husband, Capt. J.T. Brown, at Camp Greene, ifearCharlotte, South . Carolina. CaptiBrown is stationed in the Base Hospital at Camp Greene, as a memberof the medical staff.Mr., and Mrs. B. M. Jtenick havegone to Houston, Texas, to visit theirson, Mr. Coleman Renick, who Isstationed in the army service at Ft.Logan, near that place. Mr. Renickis a member of Co. F. 4th Field Artillery, at Ft. Logan.The Medical Advisory Board forthe Sixteenth Kentucky District, insession at Lexington, Tuesday, passed upon the cases of thirteen mensent to them for examination, Fivewere given their, discharges as being physically 'unfit, 'one of the number being Jos. B. Napier, of Paris.Major Henry Rhodes, Chief of theSelective Draft Service Department,estimates that fully 250,000 menwill register in September under theproposed eighteen to forty-five rule.Preparations are now being made forthe registration. This will take alarge number of men from ParisJ when the call is made.Three members of the Louisville& Nashville transportation forces inthis city, Messrs. Charles W. Fithian, Paul ICelly and Maurice Clarke,put in their applications Wednesdayfor admission to Uncle Sam's servicein the department of railway engineering and signal corps work.Mr. R. L. Caywood, of this county,who is stationed at Camp Sherman,near Chillecothe, Ohio, as a memberof Co. E Quartermasters' Corps,has been spending a seven-days' furlough with friends and relatives inthis city and county. Mr. Caywoodreturned to Camp Sherman, Tuesday. t.Three colored men, William BellJohnson, Jesse Johnson and LouisThomas Hurley, left Paris, Wednesday morning for Pine Bluff, Arkan3as, where they will report for dutyat the Army Vocational TrainingSchool. All three were members ofthe Bourbon county drafted -selects.They will be given a course of mechanical training at the school..Mr. Rene Clark, of Paris, who recently enlisted at the Cincinnatinaval recruiting station, receivedofficial orders this week to report atGreat Lakes for active duty. Mr.Clark will leave to-day for his station. He made the trip as far asCincinnati some time ago, but missed jconnection with the train bearingthe other enlisted men to GreatLakes. ,John M. Stuart, latelv of ParisKy., and Indianapolis, Ind., writesTHE NEWS: "Have been transferred again. This, time I am to go tothe Aberdeen Proving Grounds, inMaryland. Will send my correct address soon, so as not to miss THENEWS one issue. I am of the opinion that Sherman was no illusionistwhen he made his famous remark,The six white draftees who werecalled to the colors under a callissued for Aug. 15, entrained at theLouisville & Nashville Tenth streetpassenger station yesterday morningfor Indianapolis, Ind., where theywill enter the Army VocationalTraining School. The six boys whomade the trip were John Wm. Brophy James G. Sweeney, GeorgeToohey, Earl R. King, Harold Ewaltand John Kenney Leach.Due to the rush of applicants overthe present draft age"who sought toenlist in the army and navy or getinto one of the Officers TrainingCamps, the War Department hasissued orders that such applicantsare not to be taken at present. Therush threatened to disrupt businessin many sections and was caused-bythe announcement that the draft agewas about to be raised and lowered.Seven men were recomendedTuesday by Capt. N. H. Royden, ofLexington, State Examining Officerfor appointments to Southern Gaining camps in the Officers' ReserveCorps. The .men were examined before the order came to Capt. Royden from the War Department, instructing him to accept no morevolunteers. Of the number two werefrom Paris, Mr. Harry Jones, whovill be assigned to the infantry, and'Mr. Beni. Woodford. Ji-. to the ma--chine gun service, both at CampGordon, Ga.IN THE SERVICEMrs. -Hershel Humble has receivedletters from her husband, who is inEngland as a member of the American Expeditionary forces stationedthere temporarily. The letters weremainly descriptive of English scenesand country life. He told of the.beautiful English estates he had"seen, of well-kept roads and of thegeneral tidy appearance of the country. 'There had been a great deal ofrain i xne lime nig letters werewritten, with the resulting Englishmyry or toggy ipyearsace comoa'to the "'tight little island' Mr.Humble reported the contingemt abeing in excellent health," aad" eajoying camp life to the fullest.Miss Shadie Shanks, of near Ceaterville, has received a card from herbrother, Mr. Clyde Sharks, statimthat he has "arrived safely at aFrench port," and would soon be oa.the firing line or in an instructiomcamp.Mr. Dan W. Peed, Jr., of theFarmers' and Traders' Bank, who recently volunteered for service in theU. S. Marines received official notification from the Lexingtoa navalrecruiting office, to report- at thatstation to-day for preliminary examination. NRelatives in Paris received a telegram from Capt. J. A. Orr, Tecentiyof Paris, from Ft Benj. Harrisoa,stating that he had been called forduty on the medical staff overseasand was leaving for the East at theBame moment the telegram was being'sent. Before being commissionedCaptain Orr was Dr. Jas. A. Orr, ofParis.Mr. Roy Wetherall, son of Mr.James F. Wetherall, of near CaneRidge, has been accepted for servicein the U. S. Marines. Mr. Wetherallwill probably be assigned to thetraining station at Paris Island,South Carolina. Mr. Wetherall passed a highly creditable examinationand will make a good man for theMarines.Mr. Floyd Lanter, of Paris, who isa member of the 338th Motor IruclcCo., at Camp Beauregard, La., is confined to the Base Hospital, at thecamp, suffering with a""broken arm.His father, Mr. Robert Lanter, ofParis, received a message" from thehospital authorities, telling of Mr.Lanter's condition, which they reported as being satisfactory.Mr. Maurice Shanks, a Bourboncounty boy, stationed at Great Lakes,recently sustained painful injuriesby the accidental discharge of hisrifle. Two fingers were torn fromhis left hand, and the hand mangledby the bullet. Young Shankswho had been conflened tothe Camp Hospital for a period ofnine weeks, wrote his father, Mr.Frank Shanks, of near Paris, that his.wound had healed up nicely. . J"Private Elzie Mitchell, of Fleming county, en route to resume hi3army duties at the Field Artillerypractice' hge at West Poinff Ky.,stopped over in Paris as a guest oihis relatives, Mr. and Mrs. ThomasFarrow, on Vine street. Mr. -Mitchellis slated for duty in France, andwill leave this week with a detachment for some Eastern, port of embarkation. Mr. Leo Keller, son of Mrs. Edward Keller, of South Main street,will leave to-day for 'the Great LakesNaval Training Station, to report forservice in the U. S. Navy. Personally Mr. Keller is one of the mostpopular of the younger employes ofthe Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity and the good wishes of scores offriends will follow him to his newduties in life.4. 41 ji - -irMr. Fred Burgin, who left Paristwo weeks ago with "the Bourbon,county misfits" for Vancouver Cantonment, Vancouver, Washington, returned yesterday. Mr. Burgin didnot measure up to the physical requirements of the service on accountof a lame arm, and was marked uaas "physically disqualified-" ' Fresays the Bourbon county contingentmay soon be "sawing wood andsaying a whole heap." They wereall in good health and good spiritswhen he left the cantonment.,A letter was received Wednesdayby Mrs. Thos. Taul from her daughter, Miss Mary K. Stone, detailing incidents in crossing the Atlantic, to aFrench port. Miss Stone is a trainednurse with the Dr. Barrow. BaseHospital Unit No. 40. She statedthat everyone was in excellenthealth. Miss Taul also Teoeived a.letter from her daughter, Mrs.- Terwillegar, formerly Miss Olive Taul,stating that her husband, Lieut.Terwilleger, who has ben stationedat Camp Lee, Va., has been transferred to the Base Hospital No. ,39, atCamp Meade, Md. Mrs. Terwllligeraccompanied her husband to the newpost.Mr. James H. Thompson, of nearParis, returned yesterday from Washington, D. C, where he had been accepted by the recruiting officer asan apprentice seaman in the NavalReserve, after spending several daystrying to get in the service. Mr.Thompson first made application forenlistment with the Lexington recruiting officers, but his papers hadnot been completed when the orderforbidding voluntary enlistment waapassed. When examined at the Lexington office Mr. Thompson broke therecord for height, with an evea 77inches. He was found to be perfectphysically on examination. He is tason of Mr. and Mrs James H.Thompson, of near Paris,. Mr.Thompson was given leave ot. absence in order to return to .Paris,where he will await orders to report -forduty.m mSACKS FOR SEHT OB SALSWheat sacks for remt or sale:Wanted Barn cured clover' kay;rye on barley. . - '. - - R. F. HUTCHCRAFTJk X-(13-4t)Sfc ... f w wr-.I iMimmnnoiwMCMflHflnHMMiaiMBMMHnMHMrtMMiMMMM'if IWI, nit iifcflwMIIt?u;HVfii-HmmmmmmmmmTSE BOURBON NEWS"JhMWHilirff 'ITlfri IT Tears of Coetiauous PublicationftWiiLed Every Tuesday and Friday"Star Te&r. .$2.00 6 Momths. .$1.00Payable In Adav&nce.CHAMP, Editor and Owner.juty erroneous reflection upon themmmaber, standing or reputation ofjQUV3ttron, firm or corporation whichwir appear in the columns of THEc -'..-' -j ... a r.ii.ii. . '!.IX DrOUgUb VO BIWUUUU W. VixoADVERTISING RATEStOKlay Advertisements, S1.00 per'WaA " first time; 50 cents per inchNdtysflabeeqiient 'insertion.Tfwflinc Notices, 10 cents per linemm$tJasx; reading notices in blackcj&Mmi,2Qt csata-.per line, each issue.TSr': of thanks, calls on candlgfciwjebjtuariea and. resolutions, and'rjifcry matter, 10 cents per line.v:Kpecial rates for large advertiseHsjmate ajifl, yearly contracts.Vfea rfght of publisher is reservedvv$e-4ciin4':any advertisement or other"" fTtrr for publication.HsMtduncements for political officescv?st invariably be accompanied byv4lM3&Sh.-f- This paper has enlistedmhthe government in thejacKTse of America for the-jieriod of the war"EDIT,0EIAL3ffiUSINGS.,L." "lEnltting, Knitting, Knitting!In. speaking of knitting one doesiai mean a pink sweater for somesrsmt :at home, but the sturdy grayispsxaikrnd for the soldiers and sailrags .sent -out by the Red Cross headumi't.rs and such sweaters and socksj atre requested to be ready for ship-to our country's defenders by.September 1.fSams one toiling every day for the1k& two weeks felt rather a sense ofHms. disdain if not disgust for theiwml figure seated comfortably on herSKsat veranda in the busy morning" " 3mm calmly and complacently knit-. - 51slh6 Jatest new stitch in pinkThough many are keenly awake to- , &e -needs and perils of our country-lfl fhrnr of our allies, there are asct "-grea1; number so imbued witheKsh2iess and the study of their-wwm. comfort that they refuse to co-.'aeperate with the workers in the pa-sakfic causes and when startingaray on lovely vacations to cool and, -peaceful resorts even wish to givevaam.eoxie else duty of packing theirFranks. It is going to be a difficultBatter for the slackers ever to hold-jEbe same prestige in a community, or- jcasrarcrag their own friends who are'- -?wcrffc while, if they continue in their"" sS3d sand self-indulgent ways andC d 3iot show any willingness to dor yfetsan.il service in winning the war.."',.3aiyable-)odied person with, a few'jwwrse of 'leisure each day or eveningc -maftfxh& Borne sort of work to show- : UrnSt lie or shermeans to take part inrffceJiard task which has become"3lfeto win for'the sake of the world.. 'JCtis not yet too" late and any sort4afufk. no matter how liumble is atj&.'SBievresent time -most ennobling,e-z&inm. .though some one humorouslyjcresses it:" ""Brieathes. therca man with soul so;4ead" ""fTiTOnever to himself hath said," "SSfeoe "Wilhelm's armies turned in: -flightri -JSfOTild that I were in the fight?"Naturally! Naturally!"It is pleasant to go into the coun--trfeyat this season of the year. There;tr cattle on a thousand hills. Theresacs many herds of swine by the roadside into which the evil spirit has"et yet entered. There is a cordial.grBKting when you meet the farmer,v -j"3re merchant or mechanic. There-fe -a, welcome iif you enter the farmoruse and there is always a hospital-Sty which is a delight to share."Truly, God made the country and-.-snara made the town. When you go!JEnto the country you view God's han-'irwork; you behold his bounty. You-53B6 the beauty with which He has- asorned man's habitation.. You haveaiore Teverence for Him because of" 53is manifold goodness to the chil--Vren of men. If you want to feel-5TTine again; if you want to forgetvcare and let your thoughts gambol;-itl you want to learn anew, the lessonf the Fatherland of God; if you'-would commune with nature and" learn her message, get yourself out'" into the country. Seek the solitudefoI' the everlasting hills, and a day""'an, spent will be to you a real Thanks-'rjiving day.A little Fun Helps.A little fun has a great effect up-m the different characters of men'atnd women'. Martha the rMartha-ire all love knows this and'encour-tsmss- it-iin her home. So sisters ifJohn is cross, if the, child jn try yourpaieiyje.lf -jtalC ij th$ stQyepipeen shpiild fall dpwg, (as ours did"to-day.)-and everything goes 'wrong-Son't worry. Worry drains thesystem and shortens our lives. Joyis the sunshine of the heart. Let'slaugh and enjoy every moment oftime as it passes. It's just as easyto be a leader as a wheel horse. Ifthe job be long the pay will begreater. Be cheerful; don't worry;laugh at your troubles and yourhome will be happy and you will bethe Martha who made it so. Try itfor one year.Be Cheerful.(The censor is urging parents,relatives and friends to write cheer-,ful letters to the boys "over there.)Don't send those long-faced missivesto the boys across the sea;Don't weep and wail and sob andquail and hit the tearful key;Don't pull that doleful stuff abouttheir never coming back;Be cheerful if it breaks your neck toBilly, Jake and Jack.Don't stand in awe of ruthlessness,the- vileness of the Hun,Don't speak of fright and Teutonmight when writing to your son;Don't air your every worry that hasgot you on the wrackBe cheerful if it breaks your neck toBilly, Jake and Jack.But write them of the happy hourswhen they will soon return,And all the news to chase the blues,for this the soldiers yearn,That Minnie's still the same old girlit's just a little knackBe cheerful if it breaks your neck toBilly, Jake and Jack.1 PS SiGETS DOWN TO "BRASS TACKS.In an official report to Congressthe Comptroller of the Currency observes that in normal times the corporations of the country supplyingheat, light, power and electric railway transportation for passengersand freight have been "favorite targets for sneers and criticisms of largeparts of the public and the press."Comptroller Williams assumes that insome instances these agencies in ournational life have not only deservedbut have invited hostility. Afterrecognizing the fact that there hastoo frequently existed a closed com-munity-of-interestsbetween localpolitics and the public service corporations, Mr. Williams gets down to thebrass tacks of the situation, and hehas set forth the necessity of maintaining the efficiency and credit ofthese companies throughout thecountry.3 HL-2 ("1 ) "H TO GASg IJBH M . " Txcttvn3 mBMd IDoaraccuTor VsOal Oi VjaS trays s ocompfete and sanitary you know you don'tA Refrigerator is aPositive Necessity!IA, F. WHEELERMain and Third Streets"TryTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,k trvKrrnfWV ytytvr . ifln tttevJA v. -s5EEr rr sIn "Grea-Hearted Coal ,Miners;"in the September Red Cross Magazine, Hortense Flexner tells the storyof the Second War Fund Campaignamong the miners in the mountainsof Kentucky. Harlan County raisedsix times as much money as it wasasked to do, and Miss Flexner tellsthe following amusing story of HenryBeaute, "one of the big Red Crossworkers for Harlan," to illustrate thespirit with which the miners workedin the campaign:"At first Henry Beaute worked under difficulties. This was becauseone night -he made a statement thatsomebody interpreted wrongly.Beaute was arrested as a pro-German,tried and jeleased. But his feeling were outraged and he asked tobe used in some special way on RedCross Day, to prove his loyalty. Hewas given pledge cards which theminers were to sign, and Beauteproved that he was in earenst bygetting every man at Tway to sign." 'I wanted a chanst to show 'em,'said Beaute, 'and I did. One thingthat made me work so hard though,was because they claimed the Gov'ment needed the coal.' (Beaute gotout twenty-two dollars' worth of coalon Red Cross Day.) 'Besides,' hesaid, 'I asked every man to give. Iproved I wasn't no German.' "He stopped a minute and went on."I'm goin' to git in this fight yet.They ben showin' pitchers uv theKaiser in this town and seen 'em.The Kaiser's pitcher gits in my blood.Hit makes mo so mad I throw thecoal plum over the cars. The Kaiserand his gineration are goin' to bekilled out."COMMUNITY FAIRS TEACH CONSERVATION. County home demonstration agentsare making it possible for many community fairs to serve as real conservation schools for the women who attend them. In some cases specialbuildings have been provided for women's work, which not only housethe exhibits prepared by the womenin the community but afford placeswhere modern household equipmentand labor savers - are shown andwhere demonstrations are given. Atmany of these local fairs the agentarranged for demonstrations in canning and drying, in making bread,cheese, butter, and soap, in dressmaking, in laundryingr and in fuelsaving." " iEfficiency Kitchenafimf ,., js., 5v xuicwo uia uui pay au niuuii auenuon.io tne Kircnen, out theyhave now come to realize that a modern kitchen in the home is just as essential asthe office furniture is in father's downtown office. Think for a moment and imaginehow easy the work would be if you had this beautiful New Process Gas Range withitS SnOW TMnplA m tVlO Hvirc lorrra rAnmrr Aimn nA U:i :.lr - ' - vvrvr, os wimm.j vrvAA emu uiwiici wiui porceiam Drouerc4 really good Refrigerator is oneof the things we must have in thehome. New Iceberg is just that kind.There are hundreds of .themj in thisvicinity and we do not know of asingle, dissatisfied customer. Theyare made with one piece porcelain provision chambers; the wallsjare full fourply thickness; the heaviest refrigeratormade for family use and just nowwe are selling them at20 PER CENT REDUCTIONTrading atITT.CALOMEL&0F ALL 0B-S.:.Chemisj ilU 3Jjctrs' Favorite Medicine of-lwueatumaiid Dangerour Qualities New Variety Called "Calotabs."A triumph of modern pharmacythat is destined to bless the wholeworld that is the opinion of physicians and druggists who are familiar with the new calomel that iswholly free from the objectionableeffects of the old-style calomel.An 'occasional purifying of the system and thorough cleansing of theliver are absolutely essential tohealth, and, as all doctors know, calomel is the only drug that accomplishes this result. Now that the unpleasant and dangerous effects areentirely removed, the popularity ofthe new calomel, Calotabs, will bevastly increased. Its effect is delightful. One tablet at bedtime, a swallow of water that's all. You wakelip next morning feeling fine, yourliver cleansed, your system purifiedand with a hearty appetite forbreakfast. Eat what you pleaseno danger. No restrictions of habitor diet.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommendsand guarantees them. (adv)pa Eai liBUILDING RECORDAll building records were brokenrecently at Brasmere, S. L, where aUnited States base hospital is located.In five hours a force of 300 menerected a building 230 feet long andthirty-six feet wide. In the finishedbuilding, when the workmen laiddown their tools, was a steam-heatingplant, sewer connections, electriclights and a bathroom with tiledfloor. The work started at 7 o'clockin the morning, with men diggingpost holes. When the whistle blewat noon the last workman in thebuilding was putting on his coat,with the task completed.tel to EftTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTThe latest rumor from the front isthat Kaiser Wilhelm, the Beast ofBerlin, never goes anywhere unlessaccompanied by one of the greatestnerve specialists in Berlin. Not abit of wonder, Bill, that you needhlmf The terrible devastation being created among your pet armiesby the American "tin soldiers" andthe Allies is well calculated to keepyour nerves in a jangle!Six young women of Indianapolisare earning a livelihood as icewagon drivers.mmmmmprnwiynMiiMBmiTheTheiy mmiiii u iHBBilife liUiSTVHBFURNITURE COMPANYCHAS. GREEN, ManagerWheeler'soi qygiD recov-AjpTElKI WEEKSAbout jsix weekaago Mr. Jos. B.Kenny,' overseer onjthe Clay farmsnear Paris, while riding through abig field, in charge of a group of seedstrippers, lost his watch, a handsomegold one, valued at $250. Vigoroussearch for the missing time piece failed to reveal its hiding place.Last 'Fridaymorning while ridingover the same ground, Mr. Kenney'sattention was caught by somethingbright gleaming in the low grass,tne renecuon or tne sun on its sur-,face being a very vivid one. Mr.Kenney dismounting; proceeded tothe spot, and to his very great surprise found- his lost watch, which hadfallen face up, in the grass. Thetimepiece "was in good order, withthe exception of a slight loosening ofthe enamel on the dial. Mr. Kenneybrought the watch to Paris for a general inspection and overhauling.MISS ELIZABETH B. GILTNERPiano and Violin,Studio 227 Seventh Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PARIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21x; per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 56c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse- Hides, $$.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2-.O0.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $l-.50iAll F. O. B. Lexington.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send U3 samples.SPBYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.always have a cook.W Mi tBest Servant in theYou'll Like It''FRIDAY, AUGUST II, lllg.For RentModern cottaxe of aix riw.bath; gas; electric lights; garage;ncAL tu iwwua ana -tiign streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(ZSztZ) .Farm for. Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty. Privilege to seed this fanNone but perfectly reliable partiesneed, apply. Money rent.W. E. HIBLER,312 E.High Street,(6-tf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2:-tf) 318 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Don't NeglectYour Eyes."Oh, mother, I see lights in thesky." And this child, after visitingan optometrist, saw the stars for thefirst timei His mother, though astrong woman, broke down and weptto think she had neglected the childso long. Father, mother, are yougoing to allow your child to be thusneglected, when an examination oftheir eyes will reveal his or her truecondition.? Over 50 per cent, ofchildren have defective vision insome way. Better bring your childto us for a thorough, scientific examinations Will not advise glassesunless absolutely necessary.Open Saturday evenings until 9o'clock.Dr. W. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.kmtAywwiMmiAmmiM E"NewProcess Saves" Why?Home!The Sellers Kitchen Cabinet isthe master of all the kitchenworld to-day. It's the mostcomplete one manufactured hasfourteen features that are exclusive r it is finished almost aswell as a piano; the workmanship is as good as that of thefinest furniture. Come in and letus demonstrate the Sellers toyou. It is so complete that whenopening the doors the kettlescome out to you. We would beglad to have you look it over andpass your opinion, even thoughyou do not care to buy just now.Paris, KentuckyksXVFRIDAT, AUGUST II, 1818.THE BGUHBOK HJEW&I!,em'v"TO ALL WOMENWHJUflE ILLThi Woman RecommendtLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound HerPersonal Experience.McLean, Neb. "I want to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetableixmpound to allwomen who sufferfrom any functionaldisturbance, as ithas done me moregood than all thedoctor's medicine.Since taking it Ihave a fine healthybaby girl and havegained in health andstrength. My husband and I bothpraise your medicine to all sufferingwomen." Mrs. John Koppelmann, R.No. 1, McLean, Nebraska.This famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, has been restoring women ofAmerica t health for more than fortyyears and it will well pay any womanwho suffers from displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues" to give this successfulremedy a trial.For special suggestions in regard toyour ailment write Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The resultof its long experience is at your service.GERMAN SUBMARINE SENDSFISHING BOATS TO DEPTHS.III IIHCL ' tHIIII1IIIIiB?jS: 'Illlll1 1 1 1 1 IHHw&" '71 Mil Il 1 1 1 1 1 1 HEk Jl 1 1 1 1 1 1illllillHV Sf I II I III I1 1 1 1 1 1 AflffEL n iiiiiiiivX vfBUMUA3OI0UHCEScSX(m36:srOLEAP TOBACCO ON HANDNANTUCKET, MASS., August 13.Nine fishing schooners were sunkoff George's Banks Sunday by a German submarine, a naval scout boatwhich put in here Sunday night reported. The scout boat picked up word ofthe raid from the auxiliary fishingschooner Helen Murley, which hadrescued four survivors and was taking them to port.George's Banks are 60 miles offthis island.The first reports of the attack onthe fishing fleet did not mention whatmeans the submarine took to sinkthe defenseless craft.The raid is the first in these waterssince the tug Perth Amboy and fourbarges were shelled "by a U-boat offNauset Beach, Cape Cod, July 21.On the next day the fishingschooner Robert and Richard was destroyed by an underwater boat offthe southeastern coast of Maine.There was a lull until August 2,when Canadian waters were invaded.In three days at least eight sailingvessels and one tank steamer, theLuzblanca, were attacked.IS P5l ISCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When, this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manyrases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditioncf the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)TS TS ISOf the 652 retail 'grocery .storesin Nashville, Tenn., and its suburbs,100 are conducted by women.The Bureau of Census, under theprovision' of the Cant rill law, has today made public the stocks of leaftobacco -held ty dealers and manufacturers as of-July 1, 1918.This statement, considering thestocks of tobacco of all types showsthat there are 1,386,049,368 poundsof tobacco on hanT July 1, 1918,which shows a slight increase overthe stocks of tobacco held July 1,1917. The increase, hawever, is sosmall that it cuts but little figure.So far as the White Burley type isconcerned, the situation is reversed,as the stocks of Burley tobacco onhand July 1, 1918, are less by 27million pounds than they were July1, 1917. This statement bears outthe conclusion, that the White Burley type is constantly growing in favor with the manufacturers of theworld and that the consumption ofWhite Burley tobacco is constantlyincreasing. Last year, July 1, therewere 274,000,000 pounds of Burleyin stock, whereas July 1, this year,there are only 247,000,000 pounds ofBurley.According to a report very recentlyissued by the United States Department of Agriculture, the acreage oftobacco in Kentucky this year is verymuch reduced, owing to unfavorableconditions at the season when the tobacco crop should have been set.This great shortage of acreage, coupled with the decreased supply of Burley, makes it very evident that thetobacco crop which will be marketedthe coming winter, will sell at unprecedented prices. There is no reason in the world why tobacco shouldnot sell at a higher price this winterthan it has ever sold at in the history of the market.IS J3 is"PETER VINEGAR" WEATHERThe past few days in which thesun's rays beat down mercilessly onthe earth, and suffering humanitysweltered and prayed for relief, werevivid reminders of the sermon preached by the late colored evangelist,"Peter Vinegar." Vinegar told hishearers in sermon entitled, "A Damn jHot Day" that the temperature ot104 in the shade was but a coolingbreeze compared to what sinnersmight expect whe-n they died unrepentant. A "Peter Vinegar" day! That hasbeen a saying in Paris since time almost immemorial. Many of us remember the eccentric colored evangelist quite a character around Central Kentucky several years ago. Histext one scorching hot Sunday wasas indicated above, appropriate to theday and the weather. Not original,possibly, but very effective and fitting. The same sermon, or title, ofa similar sermon, had been ascribedto another eccentric, but lightertinted evangelist, Sam Jones, he ofthe Billy Sunday language and thunderous tones. Anyhow, Peter Vinegar, the dusky-hued skypilot, got thecredit for it, and used it successfullyin his meetings, and "a Peter Vinegar day" has become his lasting memorial. Another one of Vinegar's peculiarities was the regularity withwhich he took up a collection "tobury my dear dead wife, who hasgone to Heaven on glorious goldenwings." Peter has himself been insome unknown world for severalyears. Probably he knows more nowabout the "hot days" than he did onearth. As long as Kentuckians canremember they will never forgetPeter Vinegar and his unique sermons, especially in view of these'd hot days."SQCEAL AND PERSONAL,S L-i.-L.VJComing and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.CRAB ORCHARD SPRINGS CHANGES MANAGEMENT.Many great factories employingwomen now have women physiciansin attendance.MICKIE SAYSBRING hi TH UET"teRSNOJ G-ET FROtA OUtt. SOLOtER.'BOSS. VJ&'feS GUfcD TO PWNf'EhA. JEST SO V0E ONff GVtTOO NAMN FRObA fVMN ONEPERSON. EMERN&OON SSURE PROOO OF OUR SONSft.NO GUfO TO VAER PROWTREhA LUNm3LhiC. W. Hagan, of Lebanon, hasbought Crab Orchard Springs at aprice reported to be $60,000. It isMr. Hagan's plan to incorporate intoa company with a capital stock of.$125,000, and to spend $65,000 onoverhauling.A. A. Webb, who has been withthe Willard Hotel, Louisville, for thepast 20 years, will, it is understood,have the management of 'the newplace. Mrs. J. B. Willis, who hasbeen owner and manager for the last20 years, will give possession October 1.The Kelley Institute, which hasbeen in operation for many years,has been' closed and Dr. Strader, thephysician in charge, has gone to theTuberculosis Sanitarium at vaneyStation, near Louisyille.ISMAXIMUM AGE LIMIT EOR NAVYRAISED TO 40.JJ0JW AWAR.. IXC'&.uTZJilinnniBpJnnME39GSSidpu3The maximum age limit for thenavy has been raised to 10 and in arirmilar issued by the Louisvilleoffice it was said that the beliefthere was to the effect that the present draft ruling prohibiting Class 1men from enlisting would soon besuspended. The navy is in greatneed of expert boilermakers and firemen. The 472nd Engineers want men inthe deferred classes or those held forspecial service to serve as draftsmen,mechanics, chauffeurs, cooks, surveyors and printers. Only those whoare experienced in these lines are desired.Miss Katie Burke is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. Win. Burke, inv Louisville. Miss Boone Chanslor has returned .from a i irisit - to Miss OllieHutchins, in Harrodsburg.r Mr. Albert Sidney Johnson, ofMt. Sterling, was a visitor in Paris,Wednesday, as a guest of friends,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Munsonand family are in Richmond, Indiana, where they are guests of relatives. iMrs. Addie H. Childers and Mrs.Maggie Maderia, of Versailles, areguests of Mrs. Jasper Offutt, nearParis.Mr. Wm. M. Hinton has returned from Cincinnati and Covington,where he has been for several dayson a business mission.Miss Anna May Reisenger, guestof the Misses Lilleston, at their homeon Higgins avenue, has returned toher home in Louisville.Miss Louella Wiles has arrived from Columbus, Ohio, to be aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Matthews, on Walker avenue.Mrs. Ernest L. Harris and MissNancy Young have returned from avisit to friends and relatives inGeorgetown and Scott county.Miss Anna Berry, of St. Petersburg, Fla., is, a guest of her sister,Mrs. Frank P. Lovvry, and Mr.Lowry, at their home on Stoner avenue. Mrs. Roscoe Williams anddaughter, of Philadelphia, are guestsof Mrs. Edward Payne Turner andfamily, on the Clintonville pike,near Paris.Mr. Duncan Taylor, who hasbeen a guest of relatives and friendsin Paris for several weeks, has goneto Lake Saranac, in New York, fora protracted stay.Miss Lucille Woodall, who recently underwent a serious surgicaloperation at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, is reported asbeing considerably improved.Mr. Henry L. Clarke is in Detroit, Michigan, on a business mission. En route on the homewardtrip he will stop in Marion, Indiana,for a visit to his mother, Mrs. V. C.Yeager.Mr. James M. Russell and daugh-1ter, Mrs. Mabel Frank, have returnedfrom an extended stay at AtlanticCity. Mrs. Frank's health wasgreatly benefitted by her stay at theseashore. .. .Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger and family have moved from the Paton residence on Mt. Airy to the Wilsonhome at the corner of High andNinth streets, recently vacated byMr. Frank O'Neill and family.Mrs. Thomas J. Minary, MissAmelia Minary and Master ThomasHelm Minary, of Louisville, willcome to Paris next week for an extended visit to Mr. and Mrs. John J.Redmon and family, near North Mid-dletown.Rev.'G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church, who recently underwent a surgical operation atLake Chautauqua, New York, is nowat Lakeside, Ohio, where he will remain several days before returningto Paris.Miss Mary Kenney, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. M. F. Kenney, of thiscity, who is a patient at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,continues to improve. Miss Kenneyrecently underwent a surgical operation at the institution.Mrs. Elaine Richards, of Paris,wncs nnp n? the sruests at a family reunion held recently at Tyrone, Ky.The guests were Mrs. Jones fivechildren and two grandchildren.The runion was the first time thechildren had sat at the old hometable in twenty-five years.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr was thecharming hostess Monday at herhome on the Georgetown pike, nearthis city, to a party of friends, inhonor of her attractive house guests,Mrs. Alexander White, of Paris,Tenn., and Mrs. Justin Smith, ofChattanooga, Tenn. A four-coursedinner was served, partaken of bytwenty-four guests. The home wasbeautifully decorated with gardenflowers and the table with pink roses.Following the dinner a number ofgames of bridge were played. Theguests enjoyed the hostesses' bountiful hospitality for the eveningwere: Mrs. Alexander White,, Paris,Tenn.; Mrs. Justin Smith, Chattanooga, Tenn., the guests of honor;Dr. and Mrs. F. S. Hedges, of McKinney, Texas; Mrs. M. Peale Collier, Mr. and Mrs. Denis Dundon, Mr.and Mrs. Emmett M. Dickson, Mr.and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, Mr. andMrs. Wm. McClintock, Mr. and Mrs.Duncan Bell, Mr. and Mrs. JohnStuart Roberts, Dr. and Mrs. CharlesGarrard Daugherty, Mr. and Mrs.Robert Meteer, Mrs. John Yerkes,and Mrs. Evelyn Buck.Mr. Harry L. Baldwin, of theFarmers' Supply Co., has returnedfrom a business trip to St. Louis, Mo.Mr. George Rose, Jr., has returned from a visit to relatives inMt. Sterling and in Montgomerycounty.(Other Personals on Page 5.)m ?a tsone KniTOnfjuiiSi isAUTOMOBILE ACdDEHlLOUISVILLE, Aug. 15. ThomasKing, aged 39 years, a railroad construction contractor of Louisville andFrankfort, was killed and four otherpersons were injured Saturday afternoon, when the automobile inwhich they were riding skidded on anonea road one mile east of Middletown, causing: it to turn over threetimes.Those injured are:Miss 'Katherine Tobien. dauerhterof the late Dr. H. L. Tobien. ofFrankfort; nose broken, lip badly cut,aeep gash over each eye and armsand body bruises.Mrs. Richard Stoll. Jr.. Lexincrton.bruised about the body.Edward Fennell. assistant hook-keeper at Lakeland Asylum.Richard Stoll, Jr., Lexington,bruises about the body.King had planned to take a tripto Louisville to visit his mother, Mrs.Mary King, and invited his friendsto make the trin with him. Mrs.Stoll was driving the car as thev an-proached Middletown.About a mile from the town theycame to a freshly oiled road and thecar skidded.Fennel and Stoll, who were ridingon the rear of the roadster, were carried with the car for a short distancebut fell off. King was hurled a considerable distance in the air and theback of his head struck the road. Hewas thrown with such force that hisneck was broken.Miss Tobien was also hurled in theair for a considerable distance andstruck the road on her face. Mrs.Stoll was pinioned beneath the machine. She was extracted by members of the party. Another autoparty en route to Louisville assistedthe injured.Dr. S. B. Wetherby, who residesnear the scene of the accident, wassummoned. After examining Kinghe found that he was dead, and devoted his attention to Miss Tobien,who was the most seriously injured.After giving her first aid, she andthree other members of the partywere taken to Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Stoll were taken tothe home of relatives and given medical attention. Although driving thecar Mrs. Stoll escaped with onlyslight bruises about the body. Fennel was able to go to his home unassisted.- -The Lexington College of MusicW.2Cp .k....' -.yAnnounce thatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoteWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio wfllJbe announced later. Forr niforraaition addressMISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, BirtcUr,,(aug 2-7t-F) Lexington, Ktntudy&IibKentucky State FairLoiilsvUte - September 9-14SEPTEMBERSGRAND SUNDAY PRELIMINARY PROQRftK"Thavki's Band of 40 World Famd SoMeftChorus of 300 VoicesTwo Flights by Ruth Law$78XXC0 Total Premium - fTOOtuW'115,000.00 Beef Cattle Show Saddle Horse Stake $100032$10,000-00 Patted and Feeding Cattle Show ttt0R8ft2RUTH LAW AUTO POLO AUTOMOBILE RACKS?Aerial Queen Sport Thriller WorttTs Crack QrivmcDo Luxe Hippodrome 8how Magnificent hflday Special FT- R- Maleai.V(Ik'Sendfor Catalogue Fount T. Kremer, Setter604 RepubHc Betiding, Louisville, Ky.GETTING AFTER AUT0ISTSAuxci3ts who fail to keep theirlicence tags conspicuously displayedon bc.h back and front of their machines, will have to suffer the consequences, by appearing before JudgeMartin in Police Court.This was brought to an issueMonday when W. E. Rogers andThos. Spurrier, of ' Frankfort, members of the State Tax Commission incharge of the automobile licensedepartment, caused the arrest of Mr.W. S. Hughes, of Black's CrossRoads, this county, who was operating his machine without the tagbeing properly displayed. Mr.Hughes was given a hearing beforeJudge Martin, and on a plea ofguilty was given the minimum fineof $10 and costs.Paris police officials were advisedthat the same penalty applies toauto owners who operate their carswith glaring headlights. The Stateofficials also advised them to arrestevery owner of a car who violatesany oft he laws regulating the operation of automobiles, and Jto makeno discrimination -nor to accept excuses of any kind from the driversor owners of the machines.Es a lsaKENTUCKY TO GET P0RTY DAYS'RACING.GOVERNMENT SENDSGENT CALLAN UR-WANTS EDUCATIONAL-MEETINGSHELD DURING AUGUSTThe President of the Civil ServiceCommission recently wired:"Need for stenographers and typists at Washington grows more acutedaily. Increase effort all possible."The Government and business concerns are short five hundred thousand bookkeepers and stenographers,and are offering beginners salariesnever before heard of.The government drafted our Civil-Service Bookkeeping Set, and abouteighty-five per cent, of the Government's stenographers write the shorthand system that we teach the bestevidence that our courses are thebest.Take, BY MAIL, our eight-weeks'Civil Service' Mercantile Bookkeeping Course or our Simplified Shorthand Course, the latter course consisting of THIRTY LESSONS, andwe guarantee you from $85 to $125a month as soon as you qualify.Money back if not satisfied. Thehundred thousand satisfied, moneymaking former students. Clip, fillout, and send us the following coupon: COUPONDraughon's College, Nashville, Tenn.Send me, FREE, your book onHpme Study, and tell me about yournew plan of teaching the planwhereby it is EASY to learn, BYMAIL, Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Penmanship, etc. This notice was clipped from the NEWS, Paris, Ky.Yours truly,LEXINGTON, KY., Aug. 15.Lexington will have seven days offall racing this year, beginning Saturday, September 14 and ending Saturday, September 21.The State Racing Commission,meeting Saturday morning in theFayette National Bank Building, decided by a vote of 2 to 1 that datesfor fall racing should be alloted Kentucky racing associations and adopted a set of resolutions showing whyracing should not be discontiued inKentucky during the war. With onlythree of the five members of theKentucky State Racing Commissionpresent the vote in favor of fall racing in Kentucky was as follows: For,T. H. Talbott, Judge Allie W. Young;Against, General W. B. rialdeman.During the fall of 1918 there willbe 40 days of racing in Kentucky,nine days less than the number heldin the fall of 1917, divided betweenthe Kentucky "Association tracks mLexington, Douglas Park in Louisville, Churchill Downs in Louisville,and Latonia. These 40 days of racing in the State made famous by itshorse's "will begin September 14, andwith but few days intervening between the meets at the differenttracks, will continue until November2.The allotments were made as follows :Kentucky Association Saturday,September 14 to Saturday, September 28, inclusive, seven days.Douglas Park Jockey Club Louisville, Ky., Monday, September 23, toSaturday, September 28, inclusive,six days.New Louisville Jockey Club, Louisville, Ky., Monday September 30, toSaturday, October 5, inclusive, sixdays. . - .' Latonia Agricultural AssociationLatonia, Ky., Thursday, 'October 10,to Saturday, November -2, inclusive,21 days.SummerClearanceSale!Silk BlousesValues up-to $5.00?Special .PARASOLS, valuesup to $2.00HATS98c.w--t VHirPUMPS ANDOXFORDS... $t,S9tSilk SkirtsValues up to $10.00Special$4.95Twin BrosDepartment StoreMain and 7th Paris, KyBefore the Auto WreckAETN Al Z EAutomobile Combination Policy,the assured againstFireTheftTornadoPublic Liabilityand CollisionSomething new "Omnibus"endrsement is placed on all private pleasure automobile policies.The Aetna Automobile Insurance CompanyHartford, Conn.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPTPrompt and . Courteous Attention .tzar.Patrons. IHOT 'AND COLD BATHS J?im Pb KNearly all of the prominent wo-P. P. Claxton, Commissioner of Education" of the United States, haswritten V. O. Gilbert, Superintendentof Public Instruction, requesting thathe call an educational meeting soViietime during the month of August tostimulate interest in education. Heasked that representatives of theCouncil of National Defense, civic organizations and educational workersbe urged to attend the meeting. Superintendent Gilbert has taken thematter under consideration and willlater announce the date for the meeting. TSi 1 feAgricultural stations, especially for(Name)men's colleges are. arranging f or -education 0f orphans and .abandoned.rSonJl..war rmnrKfifl-,to-be inaueurat- n"hnlrPTi wNl hfi established bvtheednthis falL v' " Government of Brazil. "(13-2t)(Address)3 IS JQTHE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened withChapnberlain's Liniment and boundon over the seat of pain is often moreeffectual for a lame back than a plaster and does not cost anything likeas, much.(adv-aug)A. J. FEE, Agt.Both Phones 247(jlyl9-4tF)Professional Cards,WM, GRANNANAttorney -at-LawROOMS 401-402ITRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGr Rosav'BonheurSvas-jfamous. as, apainter before ner twentieth year.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear,, Nose and ThroatR00MS-403-404.HRST. NAM. JBANK BUILDING,T 'PHONE 136IBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal,. PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrcry C.Phone 376 ,"fl?i m m"FJtIDAT; AUGUST If, lllfUi -THE BOURBON NIWS, PABS3, KY.r -J i . - - -,W0HE1TS ACTIVITIES., 'Women Registration September3 to 10,The government wants to have acomplete census of the ability of thewomen of our country, and the workof registration will be under thesupervision of the Women's Committee of the National Council of Defense. Mrs. Gr. F. Clay -has been appointed chairman of the work for Bourboncounty and has already appointedcommittees and, assistants to aid inrushing to completion the work sonecessary and so needed in helpingour government in this hour of needwhen the millions of men are goingto war and women are taking theirplaces here at home.Following facts about the registration will aid those who have nothad the opportunity to read anything on the subject.No woman will be required toregister. The Government will not!penalize her -if she refuses to comply with its request. Nor will shebe forced to perform the work forwhich she signs up her fitness. It isup to her whether she refuses her ico-operation to her country duringwar times, yAn ever-growing labor shortagewill be felt in. this country; First,"because of the millions of men whoare withdrawn from .civil life and industries; second, because of the newwar industries which will requirelabor. American women must therefore work all of them, rich andpoor just as English and Frenchwomen have worked, regardless oftheir private means. A census istherefore necessary for the Government to discover which of its womencan be depended on to do this work.A large percentage of the womenare the mothers of young children,and therefore can neither leave home,nor accept paid positions. Such awoman is asKea to register unaerdustries by home employment, Ithitting. Laundress, Practical Nurse,Trained' attendant, , " Seamstress,Yaitress.A TuflTisfrial Baker. Boarding1. ".. TflTTzT1 -! 1 TnnfUll. Inouse, .Buyer, tjouis., uvuuy, .moum-tional, Dressmaker, Factory, Needletrades, Food trades, Leather trades,Hat trades, Metal trades. 4Factory Munitions, Paper andprinting, Wood trades, Textiles,Forewoman, Inspector, Janitress,(cleaner), Laundry operative, Manager, Manicure and Hair Dresser, Messenger, Milliner, Retail dealer, Restaurant, Saleswoman, Waitress.5.. Professional Actress, Architect, Artist, Author, Chemist, Dentist, Dietician, Draftsman, Engineer,Handicrafts, Metals, Textiles, Woods,Journalist, Laboratory worker.Laneuaees ( foreign ) ,Read Well,Speak Well, Lawyer, Lecturer, Librarian, Musician, Ostepath, Pharmar,cist, Photography, Physician, Publicity, Statistician, Surgeon, Teacher, (subject: (of adults), ( of children). 5. Public Servi6e Inspector, Institutional manager, Mail Carrier,Police Patrol, Postmistress, Signaling, Telegraphy,, Wireless, Telephone, Transportation, Aviatrix,Horse, Motor Car, Motorcycle, PowerBoat, Railroad.7. Snecial Service Camp Work,Charities, (which?) Club Executive, District Nursing, Hospital, Industrial Welfare, Investigator, Play-jgiuuuus, riuicvinvc Aonuiaiivu, jlh-creational, Dancing, Music Readingaloud, Relief Visiting, Settlement,Social Clubs.8. Red Cross and Allied ReliefInstruction: Surgical Dressing, Dietetics, Elementary Hygenie, Instruction: First Aid, Garments Hospital,Civilian.9. Miscellaneous.10. Contributions Ambulance,Driver of Car, Duplicating Machine,Funds, Home for Convalescent Hospital, Hospital, Laboratory, MotorBoat, Motor Car, Typewriter, Sharehome with widow or children.The registrant is asked to encirclethe domestic section, and moreover the numbers to the left of the occu-to state how much of her time she pation in wnicn sne is trained, anatne KeQ (jrOSS . LU uuucinuc cue uiic m vuiv,u ducJ wishes service or training.P3 p5i Btocan or will givework.Each registrant must state whether she is trained or untrained. Ifshe expects to take training that shemay be of more service to her country, she should register this plan.There are ten branches of servicewhich the card mentions, which cover every known service which a woman can do. They are agricultural,clerical, domestic, industrial, professional, public service, social service,Red Cross, and Allied Relief, miscellaneous and contributions. The.woman must state whether she istrained or untrained. A list, printed on the card allows her to be morespecific as to her training and experience. This list follows:1. Acricultural Dairying. Farming, Fruit raising, Gardening, Poultry raising, Stock raising.2. Clerical Accountant Bookkeeper. Cashier. Clerical work (gen).17flfici ftfflno' flecicfonf OfRno TVTjn- Iager, Private Secretary, Typewriter, ! Sale. Wanted Bam CUrCdShipping Clerk, Stenographer. - Hnvpr hav. rve and harlpvW.W . -w. .. y j . j w .. . mj wA PLEA POB CLEA1T STREETS. . FOE SUN?AY; . vA Paris merchant who takes apardonable pride in civi conditionsin Paris complains that the streetsof JParis present a deplorable and altogether unpresentable sight on Sunday morning. It seems that manymerchants who take a great pride inkeeping their pavements clear of alldebris and litter every .day in theweefc will not take the least troubleto have the same conditions obtainon Saturday night. The result isthjfcm Sunday the streets of Parisaresfflled with an indiscriminatemass of rubbish, paper, tobacco oddsand ends, trash of all kinds, alltending to make an unsightly appearance on the .following morningwhen people are going. to church.It is suggested that for .the sake ofbettering civic conditions in Paris,merchants sweep out their stores before the close of business on Saturday nights, and then clean theirpavements, throwing the accumulations of rubbish into a receptacle ofsome kind, instead of permitting itto be swept into the streets, whereIt floats and eddys around. Parisstreets on Sunday should be immaculately clean, of all days in the week.The plea is made for the sake ofhaving' a cleaner and more sanitaryappearance on the streets on Sunday. It is a point well taken. If itis good and wholesome to have cleanstreets six days in the week, whywould not the same principle beworthy of application to Sunday, theseventh day? LSt's have a morerigid observance of the slogan,"Clean up, brighten up," and haveit apply to the pavements and streetsof the city for Saturday night, sothat they may not resemble the interior of a dismantled junk shop onthe day following.fa te )ssFORMER PARIS PASTOR LOSES. VALUABLE WATCH.BOUBBOX MAK Of HEAB-ACCI-&-DEMT IN WINCHESTERAn acdident which, came near resulting, seriously occurred in Winchester. Wednesday afternoon. Mr.Jeptha Haggard, of Bourbon county,lost control of a team of mules hewas driving when the animals ranoff. In their flight they crashed intothe residence of Mr. and Mrs. CharlesB. Nelson, on. South Main , street.Mr Haggard was thrown from thewagon by the force of the impact,"but luckily escaped serious injury.The wagon was smashed, but ' the"jarheads" escaped injury.IBS fifi 5TAKE THE PLACE OF SUGAR.Molasses for sweetening. We haveplenty of them. All kinds and prices.Use theni- in place of sugar.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.ifTyPALM BEACHES REDUCEDGenuine Palm Beach Suits reducedto ?5.95.TWIN BROTHERS(6-tf) Department Store.VALUABLE COLT KILLEDA colt valued at $90, belonging toMr. W. H. Whaley, while beingdriven to Paris, was struck by apassing delivery truck, and its legbroken. The colt was killed to reI lieve its sufferings.SACKS f OR RENT OR SALE.Wheat sacks for rent or3. Domestic Care of children, jCleaning, Cooking, Housekeeping, In-jR. B. HUTCHCRAfT & CO(aug9-4t)While with a party of friends ata pleasure resort .near Cincinnati,Tuesday afternoon, Rev. Pater Robertson, formerly pastor of the Presbyterian church (Northern) in thiscity, had the misfortune to lose a(valuable gold watch. The timepiecewas one which had been presented tohim by the people of Paris as amemento of their high regard forhim and their appreciation of hiswork for the betterment -of Parisduring his ministry here. It borean engraved inscription on the backof .the case reading: "To the Rev.Peter Robertson from the Citizens ofParis, Ky."Rev. Robertson promptly reportedhis loss to the police, and local jewelers and pawnbrokers were givenan accurate description of the watch,and ordered to keep a lookout for it.Paris was the first place in whichRev. Robertson had a charge afterbeing ordained as a minister. In Cin-cinnati he had charge of the Mo-J hawk Avenue Presbyterian church,and, as in Paris, soon-became verypopular.WANTED.Second hand furniture and stoves,gas or coal, cookers and heaters.Home phone 360.(16-3t) J. M. ELVOVE.WANTED, Registered drug clerk, with references. Address,THE FAYETTE DRUG CO.,16-4t) Lexington, Ky.LOSTOn Monday night a double envelope containing 5 photos and somefilms. 'Lost between the Y. M. C.A. and 427 Fithian avenue. Theydid' not cost me so much, but I amwilling to pay a reward for them.Also I will pay a suitable reward forevidence that will lead to the conviction of any one who withholdsthem from me.ELEZAR DAILEY,(It) 427 Fithian Avenue.For Sale!Several second hand automobiles,in fine condition, among them, aBuick, Oakland and Allen. The Allen is as good as new. Cars can beseen at Paris Garage. Call Cumb.Phone 881.H. L.MITCHELL.(16-2t)FranklinSale.ForFranklin S6 1915 Model For Sale.In fafrTnechanical condition; Goodyear Cord Tires, almost new. Firstcheck for $634.00 gets it.W. M. PHILLIPS,(It) Lexington, Ky.JvFRANK&COLADIES' .OUTFITTERSft . . ;1 t rr -JC.4 '.vV -JfdSivanceowingofJail acastsandDressesFRANK & CO.VThe News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!AlamoSATURDAY AUGUST 17 GrandTHE GREATEST OF ALL WAR PICTURESWITH SERGT. ARTHUR GUY EMPEY (HIMSELF)9Recognized As TheMost Human War StoryWritten by a Fighting ManHere is Your Chance to GetInto the Fight YourselfAll of us can't go to the fighting line, but the marvelof motion pictures makes it possible for all of us to bewith our boys in spirit and to share their thrills andfights with them.Empey's "Over the Top" is being read by the millions because it is the most human document ever writtenby a fighting man. How much greater even is youropportunity to see the living, breathing pages of thisScene in Vitagraph's master production, "Over the Topwithaergt. Artnur Lruv Jimnev. nimselt. c 9J j J J r - jM. P. No. 8Produced ThroughEffective Co-operation ofThe If. S. Government!Greatest Production in TheHistory of Motion PicturesVitagraph has spared nothing in making "Over theTop" the tremendous production the subject so richlydeserves. Louis Meredith, James Morrison and a host ofother screen favorites make up an all-star cast in supportof the 'Fighting Sargeant.,, Every modern innovationin motion picture making, vast numbers of actors andactresses, many hundreds of trained soldiers and aviatorsan nave oeen assembled by Vitagraph for the making of.......... xgreatest-ot all trencn stories brought into action by the wonder of the motion picture camera. "Over the Top." As a photo production alone, it is a supreme achievement but in Mlyv w, . j. '""w" j""l wauvc act mm uie ngm, witn jEiinpey nimseii. it is one 01 tne most tnninng, intensely dramatic, deeply human stories ever screenedPrices at The AlamoChildren 25cAdults 35cWar Tax JncludedSpecial Morning Show at The Alamo at 10 A. M.Alamo- SATURDAY, AUGUST 17 GrandPrices at the Opera HouseChildren rAdults Z:Gallery f- War Tax Included, 'H-t-Hr-. w.FRIDAY, AUGUST 1, 1S18THE BOURBON NEWS, f AR lt.. ; 1 T,..jt1V&JU"- sr-' - V . -rrsa, .-7--i - i - - -. - . ? - aKkton THE ES7NOTHING ELSESEED WHEAT CLEANED.We are prepared to clean.hpat for seed. If an en-Tli"- i . .L. . 1caeCfncni IS mauc, uie uzdirrVo it: bafck redeanedCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO!(tiil-seP1-1)TO APJflDTCSTER ESTATE"'I in the Cpunty Court, AVeanesaay,I county Jude George Batterton ap-j ':nted William umsuuuu a.& a,uuim9f ftrator of the estate of the lateMrs Caroline Welsh. Mr. unisnoimnnaiified byt giving bond in the sumcf $500, with Mr. J. Henry Fuhrmanas surety.POURBONODD PELLOWS HELPWORK IN JACKSON.P j. McCord, Wm. Lail, Samueli Ewalt and James T. Hill, membrrof the Bourbon Lodge Odd Fellcwn, have returned from Jacksonccuntv, where they assisted in conferring the Royal Purple Degree ona large class. Mr. McCord and several members of the Imperial Encampment will go to Hazard on Aug.oz to institute an encampment there.-lsiaisKHAKI HANDKERCHIEFS.And all necessary furnishings invbafei for the boys can be had here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Ts is laPARM POR RENT.See advertisement in another column "of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hiblei. The place contains556 acres and is located near Ewalt'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky. (6-tf)KOTICE-TO MEMBERS OP NATIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEE.The members of the committee appointed by the Council of Defensefrom the various precincts of Bourbon county, are requested to meet atthe court house, in Paris, Ky., at twoo'clock p. m., on Wednesday, Aug.21, 1918, to arrange a campaign toincrease the wheat acreage in Bourbon county, for the coming year.ah the farmers of the county areinvited to attend this meeting,vhich will be addressed by a representative of the Federal Governmenten this subject. As this is a veryimportant meeting a full attendanceIs- earnestly desired.EMMETT M. DICKSON,Member Council of National Defense.C1S ANOTICE TO DELINQUENTWATER CONSUMERS.Water on unpaid serviceswill be discontinued August15th.PARIS WATER CO.(augl3-2t)JS is is3ATHING BEACHES POPULAR.Dips and plunges, dives and flip-fiops, like fish in a sportive mood,have marked the program of largearties of bathers, who have visitedthe available points for bathing inStoner during the continued hotspell. Among the favored localitiesmost suitable for bathing are thebeach just below the Maysville railroad bridge, opposite the Paris IceManufacturing Co.'s plant; justabove the bridge; at the "rockyshore" near Kennedy's Creek; a longstretch of sandy beach near Trundle's Gap; at the "ford" acrossStoner, .near the old Kenney place,and at Maple Island. The mill pondat the Paris Milling Co.'s plant alsohad its quota of bathers, and everybody has a good time.The bathing beaches on the upperbeaches of Stoner Creek are easilyaccessible by boats, and a trip therein the hours after the sun begins tos-ink below the horizon will be a cooling, refreshing relief from the effects of the heat-stricken city. Electric launches and rowboats can. besecured at nominal prices from localparties.1EAVE IT TO US WE KNOW HOWPRINTING IS OUR BUSINESSA prominent Paris attorney recently gave THE BOURBON NEWSJob Rooms a prospectus to print.The lawyer said when handing inthe job, "here's the copy, I'm asawyer ana not a printer, in juslleave it to you as to the arrangement,style, etc." The only instructionshe gave was, "Don't make it costtoo much, but I want it nice." Thejob was delivered ahead of time andv.'as highly complimented by him andwas "just what he wanted."Now, if you have job printing you'ant done, give us the copy and arough idea what you want .and leaveit to us we will please you and surprise you we know how, printingis our business we know nothingelse and do nothing else.When you go to a lawyer or do'ctor, etc., you don't tell them how toconduct your case. You leave it tohim that's his business, and youget best results. Don't handicap theprinter by telling him how you wantour work done leave the detailwork to him. Printing is our business we know how to do it. Letus prove it to you on the next jobyou have. v 'SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. 'Comiags aid Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Ira Fryman, of this city, isa guest of friends in Frankfort.Mrs. Fred Warren is visitingrelatives in Covington, and in Middletown, Ohio.Miss Cora Boots, of Portsmouth,, . w .uuuua, uj. JTUlLblUunio, is visiting friends nearCe-n-Carlisle, is a guest of Miss Lp.ttiA nrClarine Smart, of Parrish avenue.Mr, and Mrs. Charles Pinnellwere recent guests of Mrs. W. E.Pinnell and family, near Winchester. Mrs. George Satterwhite, ofLouisville, arrived last night for avisit to Mrs. L. B. Purnell, on Vinestreet. -k- Mrs.' Carrie F. Stone returnedWednesday afternoon from a visit toher daughter, Mrs. Lee Starke, inLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. Forest Hopperand children, of Louisville, are guestsof Mr. and .Mrs. Homer Shy, on Fithian avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Brown Lee Yateshave returned tot heir home in thiscity after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.J. Collins Yates, in Richmond.Mr. Walter Haffner has returned to his home in Louisville, after avisit of several days to Mrs. JackWoods and family, on Eighth street.Mrs. Lee Stephenson and daughters, Misses Cordie, Martha and SaraStephenson, of the county, are members of a comping party at Boonesboro. Misses Mary and Roberta Gorham and Mrs. Kelley Haley have returned to their homes near this cityafter a visit to friends near Eminence. Mr. Withers Davis and sister,Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, andMiss Nancy Griffith left yesterdayfor Olympian Springs to remain several days.Mrs. Nannie Gulley and son,who have been guests of Mr. and Mrs.John H. Doty in this city, returnedto their home in Winchester, yesterday morning.Mrs. H. B. Barlow and daughter, Miss Edith, of Tenth street,have returned from a two-weeks'visit to Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Shadel, inDetroit, Michigan.Mrs. Frank P. Kiser entertainedwith a luncheon at her home onHouston avenue, in compliment toMrs. Raines, of Cincinnati, guest ofMrs. Luther Rice, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Muir andchildren, Martha and Mary Muir andHaVry Muir, Jr., have returned totheir home in Hattiesburg, Miss., after a visit to relatives in Paris.Cynthiana Democrat: ".Mrs.Martha Myers is visiting the MissesLilleston, in Paris .... Miss OllieChambers, of Paris, is spending thisweek with Mrs. Ben Bedford, Mrs.Chas. McDaniel and Miss JennieMagee."Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"Miss Ann Hickman returned Tuesday from a visit to friends in Paris.. . . .Dan Carpenter and daughter returned Monday from a visit to relatives in Bourbon county."One of the most attractive visitors of the present season in Pariswas Miss Ydoine Rose, of Atlanta,Ga., who has been a guest of MissAimee Woods, on Eighth street. MissRose is at present attending the RedCross School in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. John Smithersand Mr. and Mrs. Fred Smithers anddaughter, Miss Estelle Smithers,have returned to their homes in Lexington, after a visit to Mr. B. R.Locknane and family, on Secondstreet.Mrs. Alexander White, of Paris,Tenn., and Mrs. Justin Smith, ofChattanooga, Tenn., who have beenguests of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, ather home near Paris, returned totheir respective homes Wednesdaymorning.Mrs. George Schwartz and little daughter, Miss Dorothy FrancesSchwartz, of Purcell, Oklahoma, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Gus Margolen on Henderson street. Mrs.Schwartz was formerly Miss EstherMargolen, the talented violinist ofParis.Mr. Wharton Renaker, who hasbeen in the employ of the GoodrichRubber Co., at Akron, Ohio, for thepast eighteen months, is a g-ttest ofhis father, Mr. Ewell Renaker, inthis city. Mr. Renaker, being oflraft age, is subject to call for dutyin the next draft from this section.A letter from Mrs. I. D. Thompson, Sr., who is in Rochester, Minn.,states that Mr. Thompson stood thetrip well, and that at that writingwas resting comfortably. The physicians at the Mayo Bros. Hospitalstated that they were hopeful ofaverting an operation, but that consultations would be held to decideon the matter.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss IsabelHamilton is visiting in Paris. . ...Mr.and Mrs. G. E. Young, of HotelFeeback, spent the week-end withMr. and Mrs. E. M. Wheeler, inParis . . . Mrs. Broaddus V;ce and MissSallie Vaughn have returned irom afew days' visit in Paris Miss RuthFeld and Sol Feld, of Paris, wereguests of the family of N. Effron lastweek."Miss Lucy Blythe Simms entertained at her home on Mt. Airy recently in honor of Mrs. EdwardSimms and daughter, Miss BessieSimms, of Houston, Texas. Thehome was tastily decorated withhrie-ht summer flowers gathered fromthe garden at the hostesses' home.About tnirty-nve guests eujujeu mhospitality of the hostess. Refreshments of a most delicious naturewere served, a la Hoover.Mr. and Mrs. 0. L. Davis haverented the John Davis residence onPleasant street, which is now occupied by Mr. L. Oberdorfer, and willshortly move to the handsome oldresidence. Dr. Oberdorfer and MissRosalee Oberdorfer -will take apartments in the Saloshin flat, over theR P Walsh clothing, store. Mr.and Mrs. Harry Linville and daugh-der,Miss Natalie, will move wapartments in the Tipton home 'onHigh1 streetMiss Ruth Pinnell, of-Winchester,is a guest of Miss Elizabeth Tarr,in this city.Miss Elizabeth Waterfell, ofLawrenceburg, is a -guest of MissFrances Clay, in this city.(Other Personals on Page 3.)m m mCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PAMSGRAND AND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, August 16 EnidBennett, in "A Desert Wooing," asplendid Paramount picture; also aLuke Comedy and Pathe War NewsWeekly.To-morrow, Saturday, August 17Special attraction, engagement of"Over the Top," with Sergt. Empey.(himself), supported by Lois Meredith; read the big display advertisement in this issue; also Fox Film"The Film Spoilers."Monday, August 16 DouglasFairbanks, in an Artcraft picture,"Say, Young Fellow, "the story of acub reporter with a nose for news;also Sennett Comedy, "Two ToughTenderfeet," featuring Ben Turpinand Polly Moran.S3 R3 1SIPAIGE AND BRISCOE AUTOMOBILES.Special features on the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstration,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.ts i9i m&LODGE MEETINGS.The regular meeting of the Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen will beheld on Sunday afternoon, ino theMasonic Temple.The Brotherhood of Maintenanceof Way Employes will hold a specialmeeting at the K. of P. Castle Hall,third story of the Wilson Biulding,corner of Main and Third streets tomorrow (Saturday) night. A number of candidates will be presentfor initiatory work.The FairSpecial Prices For Saturday Only.In these days of increased livingcosts, you will surely appreciatethese remarkable offerings.Black Darning Cottton, 20 yards ona card, 1 dozen cards for 5c, BeltPins, all styles, large selection, BigValue, Each 5c, would be cheap at25c, Felt Rugs, all sizes, from 98cup, Brooms, 75c value, each 59c,Gold Plated Taney Metal PictureFrames, Easel Backs, Choice 69c,Paper Drinking Cups, 5c a box, 25cRubber Combs, 19c, Fancy Transparent China Vegetable Bowls, a bargain at 38c, Real Thin -China FancyCups and Saucers, $1.39 a set. PureWhite Envelopes, 3c a package.THE PAIR.Special OnBathing Suits,CapsWater .andWings !We have a full line ofAthletic Knit BathingSuits for every memberof the family.RitefitRitestyle andRitepriceCome in and see ourstock before you buy.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and MainSporting Goods and .Athletic Suppliestf ' S s ,4 j xICL OITliLlNOWGinghams30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard. . .... 32c50c quality, per yard 38c58c quality, per yard 48 c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cg,SILK HOSE50c values atONE LOT OFLadies' 25c VestsatAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bareturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONJust Think of This!9x12 FEETMatting RugsS5-98See Them in OurTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COXCH -UNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE"GOI INGWash Rags3ceach20c25c35c45cHope Cotton24cper yardBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c39c15cMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.We are offering big reductions 'to close out all Porch and LawnGoods and All Refrigerators.36' O MVm-HI tWhite Goodsquality at Ttrquality at 21oquality at 28cquality at 37" "F-GtBp59c quality at 48f75c quality at 59c$1.00 quality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'Handkerchiefseach gjfoPERCALE 9Qrper yard mBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at. 79cr?511-Windowm'I.'.IP?VVSIXTH AND MAIN STS.uEfcaiHaCiyBr '1'1ljr.L?kCr-- rSMfcaTt'..vMU &X """ ' ' ' '' ' '1 mTHE BOURBON DEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST If, lllf.. f J.TLEA FOE CrTTJEIEETO LETTERSTO BOYS IN FRANCEThat cheerful letters, and many ofthem, are wliat the hoys in Francewant, and would he extremely proudto get, is i&icated in a letter received in Paris by & Paris newspaperman, whose modesty forbids mentioning his name. Tne letter was written by Captain Clifford Wright, ofthe 324th Field Artillery, now onactive duty in Franfee.. Many Bourbon county boys uare with this outfit.Capt. "Wright endeavors to make itclear that it is the cheerful lettersthat count "the more cheerful thebetter." The letter, with its insistent postscript, follows:"Battery A., Field Artillery, France.(Place and Date Not Given.)"Dear Sir:"I have just finished censoring themail written to-day by the men ofthis battalion to their friends andrelatives in America, and I find thatmany of them are from your city andcounty, and that they seem to knowyou quite well. I wish to quote below, verbatim, an extract from one ofthese letters:" 'Our mail arrived this morning.You don't know how good it makes afellow feel to get mail when he isfour thousand miles from home. Theboys are happier and have morespirit this afternoon than I have seenthem have since we landed in France.One cheerful letter does a fellow moregood than all the sad ones would dothat you could write in a year. Themore pleasant the better the letter isto the boys over here. I feel realsorry for some of the boys who didnot get the letters they had been expecting. The look on their faceswould have melted a.heart of stone.'"Now, I will leave it to you thatnothing is more important for thesoldiers overseas than for them to getfreequent and cheerful letters fromthe folks back home. It does notmatter what branch of the servicethey are in, nor what company, regiment, or battalion they are with, justso they are from your town andcounty, and just so they get goodcheerful letters from their old hometown once in a while. One of ourbest military authorities has saidthat a soldier can get along withoutfood and water, if necessary, but theycannot absolutely dispense with letters from home. It takes away anyincipient touch of homesickness, theworst trouble in the world anywhere.Our boys here are doing their dutyfinely, and America has every rightto be proud of them. So. get behindthem and show them that you arewith them and behind them by sending them frequent cheery letters, detailing the happier and cheerful doings and sayings in the old hometown. The more cheerful the lettersthe better, has become an army slogan now."I am addressing this letter to youas a newspaper man, in the hope thatyou will give it publicity in your paper, and in the belief that the peopleof Paris and Bourbon county will beinterested in knowing how welcometheir letters will be to the boys overhere. I should appreciate your reproducing this letter in the paperwith which you are connected, if possible. I honestly believe these boyswould be willing and ready to fightthe devil's forces themselves aftergetting cheerful letters from home.Urge this on your people, please!Don't forget to tell them cheerfulletters, and many of them!"Very Truly Yours,"CLIFFORD WRIGHT,"Captain 324th F. A. N. A., Commanding." "P. S. Tell the folks not to worrythe boys with doleful or sad tidingsWrite cheerfully."C. W."jsjs ftc4r-. ", 4 ( IW-l XfSL - "IS ?5iGOVERNMENT LOANS TO THEFARMERS.During the month of June ?8,343,420 was lent to farmers of theUnited States by the Federal landhanks. The Federal land bank atSpokane leads in amount of loansclosed, $1,262,800.During June 1,196 applicationswere received asking for ?5,127,011,and 2,516 loans were approved,amounting to $6,793,527.On July 1 the total amount ofmortgage loans placed since the establishment of the Federal landhanks was $109,517,308, covering48,297 loans, distributed as follows:Spokane $17,000,555St. Paul 16,205,000Omaha 13,264,140Wichita 12,292,700Houston 9,807,741New Orleans 7,646,540Louisville 6,704,106Berkeley 6,698,400St. Louis 7,172,172Columbia ; . . . . 4,746,513Baltimore .. .. 4,140,500Springfield 3,851,595A BILIOUS ATTACK.When you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perform its functions. You-become constipated. Thefood you eat fermentsin your stomach and causes nausea, vomiting and, terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone up your liver, clean out yourstomach and you will soon be as wellas ever. They only cost a quarter...i, (adv-aug)fc.iTwo WoAs of Art-City School and New atatog:s.The, official catalog and year-book for the Paris Public Schodls has just been issued frdm THE NEWSjob rooms. The catalog is a complete .work, being printed on extra quality of book paper, with the mechanical work a gem of execution, the whole presenting a pleasing typographical1 appearance.The book is illustrated with half-tone cuts of .the High School building invthis city the Girls' BasketBall team, near-champions of the High School league for the past seasbn, having sustained but'one defeat,and that one almost a fluke; the boys' team, and the graduating class of 1918. These illustrations arepresented in this issue of THE NEWS as a sample of the quality of illustrating . used in preparing theParis High School catalog for this season. , ( . .The Paris High School has taken a liigh stand among the institutions of learning in the State, andunder the able guidance of the new- Superintendent, Prof. Iee Kirkpatrick, formerly of Nicholasville, aidedby a thoroughly competent faculty, it will keep up the standard of excellence and high aims Jhat hasbrought it to the forefront of schools of this section.r 2 'PARIS CITY SCHOOL BUILDING.GRADUATING CLASS 1918.FIRST ROW Jennie Link, Lena Rose, Eleanor Lytle, Thelma Williams, Ruth Liiville, Emma -LouisBurley.SECOND ROW Elizabeth Clark, Edna Snapp, Vernita Baldwin, Fannie Heller, Mabel Galloway, MabelTemplin.THIRD ROW Robert Lavin, Fithian Rye, Wm. Brophy Charles Kenney.i iaggB-f . , ; , , , t t BciBMcaeayHiHMM'Jl,Se6,Us For All Kinds ofFarmmachineryand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the tes f years.C. S. BALL OARAGECor.; Fourth and Pleasant Sti.i:!TJheiPenciieton Shop135 east main st., opf. phoenix hotelLexington, Kentucky:BOYS' BASKET BALL TEAMFIRST ROW M. Clark White rnnnnh fitoimr ti t-u ....j 'SECOND ROW Rene Clark, Robert Burnett, A. T. Rice, Russell Roberts, Robert Lavin.'B UIBBIk "T Vt-kv5 iKa.jBvrf ' 'HBEMI-iffBIHH --QHA zBw4Lmrti ?1QB?f'!m Jr-jfZ ' aHkHHBiLHtm vBvVw -7vfi, i&i A V iH"'l!BIHH'HBIBBibhsihiBBHHHHIHIBbHIIRSbBBHHIHHIWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronage- -GOWNSSUITSHATSISA MAN AND HIS WIFE) may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169-2FIHST BOW-B.eanor Lytle. Sh?.. ', . SECOND ROW-Vaette McCHntocK. Eby iito.lBSrSltoS"7-1rGEO. W. DAVISruiNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137;INIGHT 290 "5T! "nt Strtttt, Paris, K , !t?.jsfi.V.FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1918.THE BOTOBOK HEWS, PARIS KEHTUCKT.Pitt-SOTMrDoctors Say: "Take Iron.For building up weak, nervous, run-down people, doctors prescribeiron. Ie is the greatest blood purifier and strengtnener known and,taken in proper quantities, it builds" up the body like nothing else can. ;But many of the iron preparations before the public contain too littleiron; many of them contain from 10 to 25 per cent, of alcohol, and alcohol counteracts the efficiency of the iron.Acid Iron Mineralis free from the presence of alcohol. It is obtained from the only medicinal iron mineral deposit of its kind known to the world;, a pure, naturaliron product, free from the drug of the chemist and the "dope" of the pillmaker.In addition to three forms of natural iron Acid Iron Mineral containsmagnesium, potassium, sodium and calcium, medical properties whichyour doctor prescribes for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, andmany ailments arising from a disordered stomach. As a general tonic itcomes closest to the ideal, making rich, pure blood and toning up the system and weak organs to normal.Be sure you get Acid Iron Mineral; ask for it by name. Look for theA-I-M trade mark, it is your guarantee of a pure, concentrated, efficient,economic iron product. At "all reliable druggists or the Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va., $1 per bottle prepaid. (adv-F-tf )DEATH'S TOLL TAKES PERSH- jING'S COLOR-BEARER.President R. H. Crossfleld, of Transylvania College, has received a wirefrom Dry Ridge, Ky., stating thatRobert McLachlan was killed in action July 18.Mr. McLachlan was a student inTransylvania for nearly three years,when he volunteered for the war service. Almost immediately he wassent abroad, and became GeneralPershing's color bearer. He waswith General Pershing on his firstvisit to Paris, France, after the American Expeditionary Force landed, andLeslie's Magazine contained a seriesof pictures in which Mr. McLachlanstppeared.No further particulars of his deathare supplied. He was the only sonof. W. P. McLachlan, who lives atDry Ridge, Ky. Mr. McLachlan wasan unusually bright student, and iswell remembered in Lexington.The Woman's Committee of theCouncil of National Defense expectsthat women solicitors shall secure atleast fifty per cent, of the subscriptions to the fourth Liberty Loan.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesFishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MflRGOIiN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid' for once,the breeze continually.Oie$tiH3bOM$e fanshave proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.C 5yyNOTICE MARKET EXCHANGESERVICE.In order to facilitate the distributions and exchange of agriculturalproducts farmers who desire to buy,sell of exchange cattle, hogs, sheep,poultry, hay, seed, grains, feed andmiscellaneous products may havetheir articles listed in the MarketNews Bulletins. Give your name, address, article (and if live stock, breedand age) and price. Items to belisted should be addressed to theDepartment of Markets, College ofAgriculture, Lexington, Ky., andshould be mailed not later than Monday evening of the week of publication. To avoid relisting articles already purchased, sold or exchangedfuture listings will be made onlyupon renewal of application to thisoffice. This service is rendered freeof charge to producers, and will becarried on a separate series of bulletins than those carrying othermarket news service.Market Irish Potatoes by TJ. S. Government Grades.Growers who expect to obtain topprices for their Irish potatoes thisyear will have to market them bythe U. S. Government grades. Mixedlots will sell at the price of the lowest grade found in the lot. The graderequirements are stated below.TJ, S. Grade No. 1.This grade shall consist of sound,potatoes of similar varietal characteristics, which are practically freefrom dirt, or other foreign matter,frost injury, sunburn, secondgrowth, cuts, scabs, blight, dry rot,and damage caused by disease, insects or mechanical means. Theminimum diameter of potatoes ofround varieties shall be one and seven-eighths(1) inches. In orderto allow for varieties incident tocommercial grading and handling,five per centum by weight of anylot may be under the prescribed size,and, in addition, three per centumby weight of any such lot may be1 below the remaining requirements ofthis grade.TJ. S. Grade No. 2.This grade shall consist of potatoes of similar varietal characteristics, which are practically free fromfrost, injury and decay and whichare free from serious damage causedby dirt or other foreign matter, sunburn, second growth, cuts, scabs,blight, dry rot or other diseases, insects or mec&hnical means. Theminimum diameter shall be one andone-half (1) inches. In order toallow for variations incidental tocommercial grading and handling, 5per centum by weight of any lot maybe under the prescribed size, and, inaddition, five per centum by weightof any such lot may be below theremaining requirements of this grade.Crimson Clover For Sale.G. T. Wyatt, District Agent ofOlmstead, Ky., reports a supply of2,000 bushels of Crimson CloverSeed in grade 1 and grade 2, guaranteed to germinate to standard(grade 2 so classed because of smallamount of weather stained seed),price $12 and $11, according tograde, f. o. b. Allensville, Ky. Seedshipped in good 2 bushel cottonbags, for which an extra charge of60c will be made. Address ordersand communications to Mr. J. W.Murray, Secretary, Allensville, Ky.Burn Wood and save coal helpwin the war.TO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION."For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything thatI heard of to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.(adv-aug)E3 S WBTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTWilliam A. Leonard, city editor ofthe Flushing, Long Island, Times,has been killed by a German shell.The peace that a living city editor can never know, and honorwhich the public never bestows uponthe "man of the desk" for work welldone, are the meed of gallant corporal Leonard.Torfin women in the Finnishcolonies of the upper peninsula of4Michigan have orgamzeu imu,n ATnHr.nise the Finns throughoutthe United States and Canada.SOVIET GOVERNMENT IN RUS-CTA TW CP-DTOTTO TJT A fit?KTJLO. 4J.1 VJXXLV1UUO XJUO.lS.EiLONDON, August 15. Premier)Lenine and his chief assistant, Leonirotzky. have fled to Kronstadt, thenaval base near Petrograd, accordingto a dispatch sent out bv the. semiofficial Wolff Bureau, of Berlin, andprinted in Zurich newspapers, saysa Havas report from Paris.The position of the Soviet Government in Russia is considered veryserious by the Moscow correspondentot tne Tageblatt, of Berlin. He announces that the Czecho-Slovekforces have increased from 7,500 todOO.OOO, and are being: re-enforcedby Serbians and Cossacks.The Bolsheviki Government willshortly leave Moscow for Kronstadt,the Belin Lokal Anzeiger states.Vt. Meltfench. the German Ambassador to Russia, has informed theboviet Government that he will movethe Embassy from Moscow to Pskovbecause he fears for the personalsafety of his staff, says an officialtelegram from Berlin. This action,it is added, was decided upon because of a proclamation of the SocialRevolutionists that they were aboutto begin a reign of, terror in Moscow. Pskov was selected becauseconditions in Petrograd are almostas bad as at Moscow.'Referring to the shifting of theGerman diplomatic base in Russia,the Vossische Zeitung, of Berlin,says:"The removal of the German Embassy from Moscow to Pskov sheds alurid light of the seriousness "of thepolitical situation on our Easternfront. Ambassador Helfferich leftthe Embassy staff because he fearedhis life."The state of things he found inMoscow may be best judged fromthe fact that the Soviet Governmentof its own accord relieved him of theduty of paying the customary officialvisit on his arrival to deliver hiscredentials." The newspaper plaintively adds:"Moscow is in the hands of antiGerman elements and the followersof the Social Revolutionists of theLeft. This would show that theBolsheviki rule at Moscow is at anend, and this is the case not onlyat Moscow, but in the greater partof Russia, if not in the whole Russian Empire."te fcsi 15i'"THE AMERICAN'S CREED""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent cf thegoverned; a democracy in a re-public; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a per-feet union, one and inseparable ;established upon those princi-pies of freedom, equality, jus-tice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacriflce4--M-their lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my duty'to my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agairst allenemies." vPa fe fcKAISER DANCED A JIG(London Tit-Bits.)The belief that the Kaiser is eithermad or on the verge of madness willbe confirmed by the account whichCarl Ackermann gives of a youngGerman moving picture operator's experience with that versatile monarch.Not long ago, it appears, he wasordered to Belgium to follow 'andphotograph His Majesty. At Ostendthe Kaiser was walking along thebeach with Admiral yon Schroeder,who is in command of the Germandefenses there. The movie operatorfollowed him.The man had "been following theKaiser for several days, so His Majesty recognized him and ordered himto put up his camera and prepare tomake a special film. When the camera was ready His Majesty danced ajig, waved the baton he was carryingand then his helmet, smiled andshouted greeting to the camera manthen went on along the beach.When the photographer reachedBerlin and showed the film to thecensors of the General Staff theywere shocked by the action of theKaiser at Ostend. They ordered itto be cut out of the film because theydid not think it advisable to showthe German people how much theirEmperor was "enjoying he war."CURE FOR DYSENTERY."While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy; writes William Whitelaw,of Des Moines, Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointof death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the lifeof hischild. He stated that he had lsoused this remedy himself with equally gratifying results."(adv-aug)i m mNearly 10,000 women are now employed in the offices of the War Department at Washington.The United States has more than3,000 ministers and preachers.'J.ilX0OKOUr rORSALESMAN TAKING BONDS EOR- STOCKWorthless securities are beingoffered in exchange for Liberty Bondsby questionable companies whose activities have reached such a point asto receive particular attention fromthe Liberty Loan organizations .andFederal Reserve Banks.The efforts of some stock salesmenand promotors to float issues ofstock by taking in exchange LibertyBonds may result disastrously forLiberty bond-holders whose financialknowledge is not sufficient to protect them from fallacious argumentsof salesmen who advocate the promotion of new companies to "stimulate production."The practice of exchanging stocksfor Liberty Bonds is specifically disapproved , by the Treasury Department, both because of the danger tothe small bond holder and the conversion of Liberty Bonds into apaper currency.The Treasury Department is compelled to characterize any continuance of it as an act unfriendly tothe government.If any such cases come to yournotice, please advise the CentralCommittee, or your local bankers,promptly, giving name of companyissuing the stock which is being.'offered, its address, name of theofficers of the company, if you can getthem.a !si fcaWAR LEAGUE TO BEORGANIZED BY MASONS.At a meeting of the grand councilof Masons in Louisville, Oct. 14-18,a war league for Masons will beformed. The subject will be broughtbefore the council and in all probability will be adopted.The purpose of the league is toform an organization for the benefitof the returned sodliers after thewar. A place for all those returningwill be found and those who havebeen wounded will be helped in everyway to prepare themselves for future work., The scheme will be of great benefit to the returning soldiers and willreceive the support of all Masons itis believed.There are 47, lodges in the Statewith a membership of 57,000, andeight local bodies with a membershipof 1,600.E5 te 1PARIS EVIDENCE FOR PARISPEOPLE.Tne Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter StrangersHome testimony is real proof.Public statements or Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris man's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof that backsDoan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too glad torecommend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at times had quite abit of trouble with my back. Often,I had a dreadful ache across mykidneys and the kidney secretionswere too frequent in passage. A boxor so of Doan's Kidney Pills at thesetimes has never failed to cure me ofan attack?' -Mr. Larkin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney. P4Hs.r tj yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly for Doan'sDidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When your back is lame,remember the name." (adv)fe fcJiCALL FOR 4,168 MEN FOR LATTER PART OF AUGUST.A call has been issued from theoffice of Major Henry Rhodes, ofFrankfort, Chief of the SelectiveDraft Service in this State, for a totalof 4,168 whites and negroes to bedrafted into the army service of theUnited States between August 22 and26. They will be sent to Camp Zachary Taylor. The white men will begin moving to the camp on August26, and the negroes on August 22.In the quota assigned to the countiesof the State no white men will becalled' from TJourbon county, buttwenty-three negroes will be called.The quotas for Central Kentuckycounties are as follows:White NegroesBourbon 0 23Bath . .' 30 3Clark , 20 4Franklin 40 0,Harrison .....' 11 2Jessamine 5 32Madison. 105 26Nicholas '. . 8 2,Owen 30 'UMason 7 39.Scott '20 2Woodford .2 .11Lexington 20 10Women are supposed to reach theacme of their mental ability atabout the age of 45, or five yearsearlier than, the average age for themasterful productiveness of man.France has 1,500,000 widows onI Government pension list.mIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT AmussLET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed.LAUREL FURNACEWe are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you. -LOWRY&MAYHELP WIN THE WAR!S& Spend your vacation on the farm, helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH, W, H. CA21N0N,District ManagerBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4aaa3 r JIThe Bourbon Laundry' . Paris, Kentucky jE(Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing your order. Call usover Home Phone 399.KANESend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PileliftNACEWe are Agents for theNone better made.Local XanagerLaundry IWest Fifli StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.IxlIxiXIXIXIXBROS.-y .. i Jff. . .'"J ! yf. k&mm - v- i 4&rTHK'OCpWOJflWPAMfivw--,-.--ckJnwDAf, AWtflnTll, in,I-rTr-; 73.yv--' --tfinniiiiiiniimmiiinininiiiiiiiiiiininmjc2 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOJ ilTl .i !,,."nv :rt-V V-1 The J. T. Hinton Co. fUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.v -Main"4 and SixthStreetsrtsat nhnne 36NlKht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourlimousine Invalid Coach.. Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Haaaaaaaaaaaaal! Ml Uttl I it IttlHIHlUHI'MlllIll t"H HIM iMILLERSBURG.DEATHS.Mr. S. M. Allen' has received a'Siandsome new automobile.Mr. Bert McClintock attendedjunty court at Owingsville, Mon-TVIr. G-. S. Allen returned Monz'3y 'after a few days' visit to relafZrreajn Augusta. ,Mrs. Sarah Thome was quite ill-. a few days last -week but is much;n Jiatier at this -writing.-Mr. Howard Carr, who is being..treated at the Good Samaritan Hos-" -pital, in Lexington, is some better.Millersburg has been sufferingffroa. an ice famine since Saturday.'The situation was somewhat relieved"Wednesday.-"Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton andUaSss Frances Burroughs left Wed-qEwsday jor Sk two-weeks' sojourn atra&d&rchard Springs.-"Mrs. D. Nunnelly has returnedto, her home at Georgetown after afew weeks visit to her fflece, andaiephew, Mrs. 0. W. Ingels, and S.JLL Allen."Mr. Jesse Day was given the'"".Fellowcraft Degree in Amity Lodge"No. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday even-- 5ng. . The work was put on by Mr.' irBL C' Borner.Mr. A. T. Maffott has returned3rom. Tennessee, where he has beento--puTchase, , cattle. Mrs. MaffottAas returned after a few days' visitt:d Mr.-'aud Mrs. Howard Maffott, atLexington.Mr. Stanley McClintock, whileaiviag'in.Hinkston, Monday evening,lasar the "bridge, struck a rock with3ns head, inflicting an ugly gash.33bwever, he is doing nicely at thisv'scriting.Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Current-risited their son, Mr. H. C. Current,t4wS:.f5,ort Thomas, Sunday. They ar--rlredr at Fort Thomas a short timei before "-his company hoarded the- viisain for Camp Sheridan, Ala.Dr. Z7 Myers, pastor of the'Clirlstian church, has gone to hissdia. "home at Crawfordsville, Indiana,to -spend a three-weeks' vacation.i.Bse. Dr. White, pastor of the Bap-'.ti -church, is spending his vacationat "his old home In Columbia, South43arolina.2-The! following from this place- .attended an- outing at Blue LickU$j Springs, .Tuesday: Misses Josephine-iieef,- Natalie Shannon, Alice Mc-' Ndintock, Eflmeta Morrison, Pauline" -Jones, "Martha Jones, Caroline Mc-lit$tyre.r Elizabeth Conway; Messrs.3l'."3L Doty, James Feeback, H. Fee-" -ifcack, E. Hurst, T. Hill, W. Layson,., j P. Wood. The party was chaperoned.-2y Mrs. Bert McClintock.t laa fcs 1WALDEN.Mrs. Nancy Walden, aged sixtyseven, died at her home in Jacks-town, this county, Tuesday, after abrief illness. Mrs. Walden was themother of Mr. Jos. Walden, proprietor of the Golden Rule Grocery, inCarlisle.The funeral was held at the family residence yesterday morning atten o'clock, with services conductedBy Bev. Everett Smith. The interment took place in the Carlisle Cemetery. Mrs. Wallen is survived by onebrother, Mr. Claude Walden, andthree sisters, Mrs. Wills, of Millersburg, Mrs. Dunn, 'of Cynthiana, andMrs. Thos. Knox, of Nicholascounty. -Friday, August 16thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax." Thos. H. Ince PresentsENID BENNETTIN"A DESERT WOOING"She married a man rich in gold, but poverty-strickenin his knowlegde' of a woman's heart. A Paramount Picture.Also a "Luke" Comedy andWar News Weekly.Saturday, August 17thSpecial Attraction"OVER THE TOP"With Sergt. Arthur EmpeyAmerica's Hero brings 'to life the story ofthe' Western Front.Also a Fox Film Comedy,"THE FILM SPOILERS"Monday, August 19thDouglas FairbanksIN"Say! Young Fellow"Doug, is a cub reporter with a nose fornews. He strikes scent that leads udto all the thrills and laughs that make aregular Fairbanks picture."ALSO"Two Tough Tenderfeet"Mack Sennett Comedy, with Ben Turpinand Polly Moran,PricesAt the Alamo ChildrenSc war tax lc; iiults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.DUNN.Mrs. Josephine Dunn, aged fortyfive, died at her home in Cynthiana,after an illness of seven weeks. Mrs.Dunn was a native of Pulaski county,and had visited in Bourbon countyseveral years before moving to Cynthiana four years ago.Besides her husband, Mr.' J. H.Dunn, she is survived by one son,J. Fra-nk Dunn,. and one daughter,Miss Addie Dunn, both of Cynthiana;also by one brother, Mr. P. P. Johns,and three sisters, Mrs. G. "W. Wheeler, Mrs. W. P. Wheeler and Mrs. Geo.Ecklar, of Harrison county.The funeral was held at the family residence Monday afternoon, atfour o'clock, conducted by Revs. W.C. Stewart and J. P. Strother. Theburial followed in Battle Grove Cemetery,3ATHING SUITSJ"M5athing Suits from 75c up.TWIN BROTHERS'36-tf) t Department Store.195 laTOUNGER.The funeral of Mr. George W.Younger, aged about forty-five,who died at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, Wednesdaymorning, took place in Grant countyyesterday.. Mr, Younger, while atvwork on atobacco barn, near Paris, was badlyinjured when the. frame work of therbarn collapsed. He sustained injuries in the back, which resultedin paralysis of his lower limbs. Hewas removed to the Massie Hospital,where his death .occurred. Thebody was removed to the J. T. HintonCo.'s undertaking establishment, andprepared for burial.Mr. Younger is survived by hiswidow and two small children. .CAED OFvTHANKSoMATRIMONIAL.y-.HUDSON; MOORE.Sanctioned by the bride's mother,IMrs. A. R. Hudson, a youthfulA uncouple, Mr. Robert Moore, aged-nineteen, and Miss Lilian Lucile'Hudson, seventeen, both of ILexing-i "ton, came to Paris, Sunday, and se-cured a marriage license from CountyClerk Pearce Paton. They were mar-, r Tiid later in afternoon at the reai-2-deace of the ofllciating minister," Hev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris'- C&ristian church. After the cere-- moy Mr. and Mrs. Moore returned- to,"Ijexington.They were accompanied to Paris"by the bride's mother, Mrs. A. R., Hdon, her brother, Mr. GarlandHudson, and her uncle, Mr. P. D.Foster. Jr. The bride looked veryattractive attired in a tailored suit' of "blue, with hat to match. Mr.Moore is a former resident of LouisMile, and is now femployed with the-Tjexin&o Brewing Co. They willxesidt'jtttk J;hy bride's mother, inSJjerynftoa.We desire to express our deepestgratitude and appreciation toourneighbors and friends for theirkindly acts of sympathy renderedduring the illness and following thedeath of our little girl, Helen Rowland. To all who in the smallestdegree gave us sympathy and encouragement in the dark hours of ourbereavement we tender our heartfeltthanks.MR. AND-MRS. GEO. E. ROWLAND.fe 1ft 1NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Undtr the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice off Assessor has been abolished, and the new law reauiresthat you call at the offices offthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill lie In our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpse. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for net doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf) T - "OThe Missionary Society of theChristian church will meet in theRed Cross Sewing rooms in the' courthouse next Tuesday for an all-daysewing. All the members are urgedto be present. vThe union services of the. ParisProtestant churches will be held atthe Baptist church Sunday night at7:30 o'clock. The sermon will bedelivered by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Christian church.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet at theusual hour, 6:30 p. m., next Sunday.The meeting will be held, the weather permitting, on the lawn in "therear of the church. The subjectwill be "Using Our Pens For Christ."Leader, P. J. McCord.Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, is conducting a revival meeting in the Baptistchurch at Beaver, in Harrison, county. Services at the Paris church willbe in charge of the Gospel Team inhis absence. The meeting opened"with large attendance, and great interest is being manifested.A six-weeks' leave of absencehas been granted Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church, by his congregation. Rev. Tinder will spend his yacation at the different army cantonments, where he will deliver patriotic addresses to the soldiers in furtherance of the army Y. M. C. A.work.Evangelist Tevis continues toattract large crowds to his tentmeeting being conducted on the oldBourbon College grounds. His germons are inspiring and the spirit-ofthe meeting is good. The meetingswill be held each night during theweek at eight o'clock and on Sundays at three and eight p. m.Everybody cordially, invited. . jA revival meeting that is attracting large audiences each evening is in progress at the ClintonvillePresbyterian church. The servicesare being conducted by Revs. Rhodesand Wilson. The services begin,' ateigit o'clock each evening. Spepialmusic by an augmented choir is neof the features of the meeting.In the absence of the pastor,Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, the services atthe Baptist church, Sunday morning,August 18, will be in charge of the.Bourbon County Gospel Workers."Mr. Wilcoxs team has been assignedand will present the topic of "Carriers." This team' is composed of Z.L. Wilcox, Captain; Homer Kiser, C.P. Cook, 'Dr. D. S. Henry, W". T. Talbott. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mallory and:daughter, Miss Opal Mallory, ofTwentieth street, united with theChristian church last Sunday bystatement. , At the same service Mr.Lee Fithia'n Brown, of Paris, presented his name for membership bystatement. Mr. Brown is in the service, and stationed at Camp Kearney, California. Miss Gladys Herrin also united with the church byconfession.Announcement is made that theYoung Women's Christian Association has adopted as its internationalsymbol the blue triangle. The planhas been indorsed by the British Y.W. C. A. and the International Committee of the Y. M. C. A. This insigna is already familiar to 'theFrench people, where it has beenused ever since the Y. W. C. A. began its war work in France. It hasfor several years past been used bythe British Y. W. C. A.The Bourbon County SundaySchool Convention will be held nextTuesday at Ruddles Mills. Arrangements have been completed for entertaining all who attend the sessions. Miss Carolyn Roseberry willbe in charge of the transportation,and has secured, the services of alarge number of. autos for the purpose. The sessions of the Convention will be held in the Ruddles Millsschool building, and the program willbegin at 9:00 o'clock.Sunday, September 8, will he observed by all the Protestant churchesof the United States- and Canada asa day of prayer for the land and theyoung people gathered in them. Theday has been observed for the pastseveral years at the instance of theNational Reform Association. Allpastors are asked to preach specialsermons on this date on some phaseof Christian education, and the5 Sunday schools are asked to engage inspecial prayer for God's blessing onthe educational institutifma nftheliana.CHBISTIAN ENDEAVOR PICNIC.Following a. rule adopted severalweeks ago to provide some entertainment for its members during thesummer months the Endeavor Society of the Paris Christian Churchgave a picnic Tuesday evening onthe banks of Stoner Creek, nearFoote's landing.Boating and swimming were enjoyed atter which a bountiful"Hoover" picnic lunch was served,followed by the cutting of severalwatermelons.It is a well known fact that whenthe young folks from this societyget together a jolly good time is assured for all who attend.The picnic crowd was ably chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Boatright, Mr. and Mrs. Houston Rion,Mr: and Mrs. M. O. Biddle, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Rrown, Mr. and Mrs. A.L. Barley, Mrs. Clyde Larkin, Mrs.H. L, Clark, Mrs. Chas. Duncan.The young folks present wereMisses Grace, Lona and ChristineMcCord, Elizabeth Clark, Nellie M.Clarke,, (Tennessee), Esther Boatright, Edith and Ethel Harper, Vernita and Mattie Baldwn, EugeniaFishback, Carrie Rose, (President ofthe society), Margaret and GeorgiaSpeakes", Janet Lusk, Ann Talbott,Eleanor Payne, Lenora Alliband,Christine Feeback, Winifred Boatright, Gladys Rion, Eva Chappell,Edna Burnett, Mattie Monin, EmmaSmith, Mattie Whaley, Ruby Hall;D. Y. L. Farley, Robt. Rose, FosterMitcheir, Hume Payne, Collins andRobert Hall, Raymond Turner, Keller Larkin, James Rowland, FredDuncan; Beverly Boatright and H. L.Clark."BIRTHS.Near Paris, to the wife of Mr.Israel Florence, a daughter; 'fourthchild, second daughter.To the wife of Mr. Cobart Martin,, residing on the James H. Thompson farm, near Paris, a son.At North Middletown, to thewife of Mr. Lawrence Mitchell, Bourbon County Food Commissioner, adaughter, weight eight pounds. Themother was formerly Miss Young, ofNorth Middletown.. -M mHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthair with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)GOES" TO BfWPOSraOff.Mr. Harry Booth, formerly of Paris,who has until recently been Superintendent of the Kentucky DistillingWarehouse Company's plant at Lawrenceburg, has accepted a positionas manager of the Stock Exchange,at Montgomery,. Ohio. Mr. Boothleft Tuesday for Montgomery to assume his duties..Mrs.. Booth who has been a guestof her parents, Mr- and Mrs. A. J.Fee, fn Paris, Eras returned to Lawrencetairg to marke arrangements formoving to thefr new home in Montgomery..ORDERS ISSUED P0KHEW BEGIS.TEATJ0N IN THE STATERegistration on Saturday, August24, of all" youths" who have reachedthe age of 21 years since the secondregistration last June 5,. was orderedWednesday by Proyost Marshal General Crowder, under a proclamationby the President. The purpose i3to add quickly to the almost exhausted' Class 1 to meet army draftcalls in September.Abont 150,000 young men willregister. Most of them will qualifyfor Class 1 and therefore will jointhe army probably within a monthafter their names are recorded.There will be no new drawing toestablish' the order of liability of thenew registrants, youths who havebecome ofage since June 5" last. TheProvost Marshal General's office announced7 that the 1,300 numberdrawn for the June 5 registrantswould be sufficient to cover the Aug.24 registrants in the largest districtin the country. vMen who have become 21 years ofage since June 5 will register inthis State August 24. All men whohave become of age between June 5and August 24 must register.Major Henry Rhodes, Wednesday,instructed' local boards to reconsiderall claims of men employed" by railroads who have been held for military service. He urges theboards togive the claims of these men moreconsideration, as several boardshave indticted into service-men employed by railroads as mechanics,boilermakers, tin and copper smiths,enginmen, dispatchers and" directors,telegraphers, block operators, yardmasters, telegraph clerks, brakemenand conductors.?ivTHIS WEEKFinal ClearanceSale!In order to make roomfor our Fall Sko-es, dailyarrivmg,. we are compelled to make a clean sweep sale aod turn into caeh ikebalance of ourHigh Grade Meis, Women's and Children's SummerShoes,Oxfords and Pumps at Great Sacrifice of PriceDon't miss your last opportunity to buy extraordinary good quality footwear at afraction of their actual value. This space is too limited to give the numerous bargains that await you here. Visit our store and you will1 be convinced o these facts.lJ-Ladies' Patent Kid Button Shoes$5".50 values at l. . . .$1.99Ladies' Patent and Dull KidPumrjs, Louis and Low Heels,'$4.00 values at$2.49Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col.Pumps, Louis Heel,. Welts,$4.50 values at$2.99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfordsand Pumps, $2.5 values at. . .'. . .$1.69Ladies' Kid and 6. M. Shoes andSlippers, broken sizes, $3.50 and$4.00 values at.$1.49Men's Tan and G. M. EnglishShoes, Walk-Over, all sizes,$4.50 values at$3.49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords best -makesall sizes, $4.00 values, at. . .$2.99Men's White Canvas Oxfords, -rubber soles, $3.00 values,, at.... $1.99Men's and Boys' G. M.hoes and ,-Oxfords, $3.00 values at . . . $ 1 .99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes,$2.50 values at ...$1.79Children's Patent and White Canvas zPump, $1.50 values at 99CLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andPumps, Walk-Over and other famous makesAT FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES!Ladies White Sport Canvas t 1 A AOxfords, $2.00 values,at...l"vWhite Tennis Oxfords,75c values at49cDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReifParis' Greatest Shoe StoreJ;sw.t-W!SV-, .v-