FTHE4if' VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.mf "VOLUMEXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1918iBOURBONNEWSALLEGED CONSPIRACY TO CONJ.XWAI auaxAWXaJ. j.vv,vwCharging that four tobacco manu- able routine business at the recentfacturing companies have conspired meeting- of the City Council, presidtogether to control the tobacco mar- ed over by Mayor January, a largeket in this State, Senator Basil amount of other business came upRichardson, of Barren county, intro- for consideration,duced a, resolution in the Senate atj The recommendation of Chief ofFrankfort, calling for a committee to Police Fred Link that a curfew lawinvestigate the cause of the present be enacted, was referred to City Atcondition of the tobacco market in torney Dundon, with instructions tothis State. The resolution charges ;that the R. J. Reynolds TobaccoCompany, the Liggett & Myers Company and the J. P. Lonllard Comnov TinvA mnKnircd together for the!yWJ AAMfW- -WW-- ,, - .purpose of controlling the tobaccomarket in this State, whicnthe resolstion says is detrimental tothe tobacco industry.The resolution calls for the appointment of a. committee of fivemembers, two from the Senate andthree from the House, to investigatethe tobacco situation in this Stateand report back to the present session of the General Assembly. Asthe resolution was a joint one noaction was taken on it.KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS TO CELE-BRATE ORDER POUNDING.The fifty-fourth anniversary ofthe founding of the now powerfulorder, Knights of Pythias, will becelebrated at the Castle Hall, in 4heWilson Building, corner of Main and jThird streets, to-morrow (Wednesday) -evening at eight o'clock by themembers of the local lodge, RathboneNo. 12, and their friends.The program committee reportedat a recent meeting of the lodge,when they submitted the followingorder of exercises, which will be observed at the anniversary meetingto-morrow .night:Calling- Meeting to Order by C. CSir Knight T. M. Funk.Invocation Rev. J. J. Rice.Opening Ode (To tune of America.)Reading of Proclamation SirKnight P. J. McCord.Violin Solo Mrs. H. M. Hamilton,Dedicating Honor Roll Sir KnightW. H. Whaley.Music by Quartette Messrs.Wallace Clark, Clay Sutherland andMrs. Robin Horton and Miss PatsyClark.Fifty-fourth Anniversary of Pythianism Sir Knight J. K. Cahal.Music Vocal Quartette.Our Country Sir Knight D. D.Cline.Song "My Country" Audience.Benediction Rev. R. C. Goldsmith.30URB0N WOMAN MAKES HATOF CORN SHUCKS.During the Civil War, when material for clothing and personal adornment was almost tabooed and veryhard to get the women of the Southwere hard put to find "something towear," especially in the way of headgear. It became a very fashionablething to wear hats fashioned in theshape of a turban, made from cornhusks. Many women displayed amost commendable taste and an artistic touch in the creations theyfashioned in this way from thesehusks.While on her way to attend themeeting of the Daughters of the Confederacy at the court house last Saturday, Mrs. Charles C. Leer, who resides near "Paris, showed THENEWS man a hat of this description,which she had made from cornhusks grown on the Leer farm." Itwas made, she said, in identicallythe same way in which the womenmade them in war times, except inthe matter of adornment, ribbonsbeing very hard to get then. The"bonnet" was a remarkably artisticpiece of handicraft, and attestedthe ingenuity of the maker, comparing very favorably with somelater-day creations of modern material. The hat has been placed in the"museum" in the Confederate roomas a reminder of the stressful timesin the dark days of the Confederacy,when "men were forced to fight andwomen to mourn."m m n"PA-RTS OIL COMPANY STRIKESTEN-BARREL WELL.The Paris Oil & Gas Company,composed of Paris and Bourbon county capitalists, who have a nice prospect on their big lease in the Kentucky oil fields, received notice Saturday from, their field manager,Mr.' M. B. Moss, of a ten-barrelIppcsa , TCsHii nnimtv. The companyhas never sold any of their stock on MARCH 15-APRIL 19.the outside. William Clarke, local Secre-OTY THRIFT STAMPS FROM YOUR ty of the Ci viltffv?lmisTyrpppTTAWT has received notice from Mr. Jonnmnaajxi. McIlhenneyt at Washington, presi-The United States Government dent of the United States Civil Sei--hasrequested every business house vice Commission, authorizing him toIn Paris and Bourbon county to make public announcement of a Civilkeep on hand a supply of War Sav- service examination to be held hereings Stamps to offer for sale to their j The examination will be heldcustomers. Ask your nerchant for in the Paris postoffice on March 15,v.w. -tt. t.t;u Ka o-iort tn Rpll them in rrin mi Anril 19. for clerksto you and will explain to you any-thing connected with them that youdo not understand. This is patrioticservice which he will he glad to per-form.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.,,. A. A x..Aiier me transaction 01 coubiubi-draft sucn ordinance.A proposition from the attorneysrepresenting the Hutchcraft bankrupt estate, was presented by CitvAttorney Dundon. A clause embodi-ed in the statement proposed a corn-promise by payment of taxes for theyears 1915, 1916 and 1917 on $88,487.07. The City Attorney was directed to dispose of the matter to thebest interest of the city. It was ordered that the fire engine be attached to the auto fire truck and takento all fires in the future.A petition was filed from a number of residents on Virginia Avenueand on Vine street, complaining ofthe small size of the water mains onthose streets, being only threeinches, and asking for more pressure.The petition was referred to the Fireand Water Committee.A committee was appointed to confer on the matter of fixing the salaryof th City Health Officer and to report back at the next meeting of thecouncil.The present incumbent hasbeen paid in the past a salary of?400 per annum.The members of the Police Depart-lment were given instructions to killall stray dogs, making the need of adog tax and dog tax system very apparent. It has been stated that thesafe belonging to a former City Collector, the late Mr. R. K. McCarney,is filled with dog tags, ordered bjjthe city some years ago. Why notuse them?A committee was appointed -to lookinto the matter securing a reductionin the gas bills of the Paris Gas &Electric Co. for the month of January for the patrons of this city. Thecommittee was instructed fo hold aconference with the officials of thecompany. A motion made by Councilman Merringer was adopted authorizing Accountant Garland, ofLexington, who is going over thecity's books, to make an investigation of the financial affairs of theMassie Memorial Hospital, for whichhe ia to receive extra payment. Anordinance advertising for bids forlighting the city by electricity forone year was read by City AttorneyDundon, and adopted by the Council.m m mMUSICAL RECITAL ATHOME SCHOOL.PARISA recital by the music pupils ofMiss E. D. Giltner will be given atthe Paris Home School, Friday even-in sr. Februarv zz. at eigm o ciock.The public is cordially invited Thefollowing program will be rendered:Star Spangled Banner Orchestra.Piano Duet Les Sylphes (Bachmann) Anne Dundon and EvaChappell.Piano Minuet (Delohaye) Evelyn Friedman.Piano Au Matin (Godard)Morris Price.Voice Until (Sanderson) ChasBurris. Piano Chant du Berger (de Colas)Eva Chappell.Piano Duet Hungarian Dance(Brahms) Mabel Templin and MissGiltner.Piano a. Leutsche Tanze (Beethoven) b. (Les Hirondelles) Godard) Anne Rutherford Duncan.Y0iCe a. Calm 'As The Night(Bohm) b. Will 'o the Wisp(Spross) Minerva Sue Boardman.Piano Last Rose of Summer(Sudds) Charles Burris.Violin a. Serenade -(Gundo)b. Traumrel (Schumann) Thos.Spicer.Vocal Duet Crossing the Bar(Ashton) Minerva Sue Boardmanand Charles Burris.Piano Triumphal March (Kunkel) Virginia Cook.Piano Kammennoi Ostrow(Rubinstein) Mabel Templin.Piano Duet Bolero-1- (M&belSoper) Minerva Sue Boardman andMiss Giltner.Vocal Trio Good Night MissesGaines, Soper and Mr. Burris..HTVTL SERVICE EXAMNATIOHwith a knowledge of stenography .and typewriting. Prospective apph-cants can obtain all necessary infor-mation by calling on Mr. Clarke, at Jthe Paris postoffice. iTOBACCO THEIVES MAKE A GOODJu-u- PARIS A VISIT.Unless tobacco owners and raisers Mr. Edward M. Hite, formerly ofin this county lock their crops up or Paris and Maysville, now Chiefplace guards over them they are Deputy in the office of State Firelikely to wake up some fine morning Marshal Thos. Pannell, at Frankfort,and find the weed missing. Several was in Paris, Friday, on a businesscases of tobacco thievery in this and mission, returning from Cynthiana,adjoining counties have been report- where he had been investigating theed to the authorities. mysterious destruction by fire of theOne of these happened Saturday Cynthiana High School building,near Millersburg, when five hundred Mr. Hite stated that, in his judgpounds of tobacco were stolen from ment, the fire was undoubtedly of inPlummer & McKee, who had raised cendiary origin, as they had discova crop of the weed on the farm be- ered evidences of the fire having beenlonging to Mr. James McClure. The started in three different places, andtobacco was taken to Harrison in such a manner that it would havecounty, and disposed of to a "pin- been almost impossible to havehooker" for $134, the actual value checked the fire after it had securedof. the tobacco being a little over a g00d headway. Mr. Hite and$200. Two boys were later arrested other officials are still working onand placed in Sail at Cynthiana. the case, and have some clues whichIn the interest of justice and in or- may tend to clear up the mysteryder to secure more evidence against and bring the criminals to justice,them their names were jiot given out. , while in Cynthiana, Mr. Hite wasWm. Rogers, of Nicholas county, called in consultation by the memand Walter Johnson, of near Millers- bers of the Cynthiana City Council,burg, the two men arrested, con- jn regard to the purchase of an autofessed to taking the tobacco. They fire truck. A committee composedalso confessed to taking a large lot of Commissioners Rice and Hatterof tobacco from a crop belonging to ick city Manager James J. CurieBurke. Brent & McDuffy. of Paris, nA rro nv.iof Q-hoirinn PppiI nnenm.which they sold in Lexington foriT)anied bv Mr Hite. left yesterday$178.1 IQ 191wJLJtiJcjl.ltIN THESERVICE OFCOUNTRY.Mr. Ben Leach, formerly an attache of THE NEWS and the Keir-tuckian-Citizen,who is now a mem-hpr nf t.hp naval rpsprvp fnrn.es in thaitraining cantonment at Camp Dewey,Great Lakes, 111., will arrive herethis week on a furlough, to visit rel-atives and friends.Mr. Harmon Turner, son of Mr.and "Mrs. Edward Turner, of nearParis, passed a successful examination at. the IT. S NavV RecruitingStation in Cincinnati last week. Mr.Turner will probably be assigned iome siauon at weai ua.a, xu., uito Newport News, Virginia.to-oTTdTiLTT.cio mmxref Tvnrtrrmvnrn-n aoDVOIMTjOO lULXJXa rauiuxivxjaiTSOCIATION TO GIVE SMOKERAll the merchants of the city and ily lost all their possessions in thethe county are extended an urgent home, upon which there was -no inand very cordial invitation to attend surance.a "smoker" and luncheon, to be The physician who had been callgiven at the Windsor Hotel, va Psrds, ed to attend Mrs. Buckler, was stillto-night. There-will be an abundance fa the- horned He hastily wrappedof good cheer for the inner man in the mother and her child in blankthe shape of substantials and the ets and carried them to the home of"smoker" will give all an opportu- a neighbor, where they were wellnity to get better acquainted. An taken care of. The home destroyedinteresting program has been arrang was one of the oldest in the county,ed for the occasion. Be sure and be having been built of hewn logs overthere and you will not regret, it. 125 years ago.iWE KNOW HOWI GOOD TAILORING!Will Outlive Good Ordinary Clothes j$ HlttinKJB Just now lt s Patritic !t IISjHBhkSS economy to order long-wear- j2 iWmXB&maH&m in clothes to- pay a fair jZ Bnal mtm orice and get tailoring that1 UMWW&M I Bk wiU hold its siG'htliness and i!2 lpSfciWip I fHfl keep you satisfied for a j2 IrfllflSPl'i Siill! lner Period.f MPMBBtftiW JHilfl - . . jS MUhK) w men ever retain J2 fBEmMmfM cheaply tailored clothes jJ':jm ti.l they wear out ! jx m The shane goes wrong2 SlfSfliZ BVLJ "MhHIA fvnrf4f-2 i1I ' iktui, ttrn &If you purchase a suit from us, whether you have itmade to your measure or select it from, our immense ready-to-wearassortment, you will be satisfied with the price,style and wear.Suits Made to Measure From$25 to $50Ready-to-Wear Suits From$15 to $35 ,MITCHELL &Stetson Hats ManhattanDEPUTY FIRE MARSHAL PAYSi - '.-.-for Dayton. Cincinnati and Columbus, ' Ohio, where they will inspect'auto fire trucks and other pieces offii.QrrVit;rcr innoratouit-nuwub cvyv""""""'VEAL ROAST.rAr- n iroal -mnaf fnr dinner tn-'morrow. We wilL have a nice home-killed animal on sale for to-morrow,.marrOLEK'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.STORK LEAVES BABY AS HOMEBURNS DOWN.an hour after the gtorkv . . . . fhhome of Mr. and Mrs. HermanBuckler, near the old Coulthard Mill,in this county, the home caught.fire from an over-heated stove andwns burned to the ground. The fara-The shape goes wrongand the entire hang becomes floppy, then youbecome disgusted with yoursuit and discard it forco another.BLAKEMOREShirts NeUleton ShoesENROLLMENT " UNITED STATESSHIPYARD VOLUNTEERS.Mr. A. B. Hancock, of Paris,Chairman of the Bourbon CountyCouncil of National Defense, recently received a letter from Mr.Edward N. Hurley, of Washington.D. C. ,Chairman of the United Stafe3Shipping Board, in relation to helping in the work of enrolling mechanics in all grades for the U. S. Shippink work. The letter, from whichthe following extracts are taken,urges the importance of getting -menfor the shipbuilding trade:United States Shipping BoardWashington, D. C.February 5, 1918.Mr. A. B. Hancock, Chairman,Bourbon County, Council Defense,Paris, Ky.Dear Mr. Hancock:Because of your official position,and the vital importance of the workof enrolling the United States Shipyard Volunteers, in which you areengaged, I desire to lay before youa statement outlining the shipbuilding situation. The information herein contained is placed at your disposal, for use as you may see fit inobtaining the enrollment of the necessary men for the United StatesShipyard Volunteers.Our shipbuilding program contemplates the construction of six million tons annually, but owing to thewant of the necessary skilled men, weare not under present conditions in aposition to turn out that tonnage. TheShipping Board has the money. Ithas the yards. It has the material.iThe housing question is being rapidly ciearea up. aii znaz is neeaea isto obtain the necessary efficientlabor.It should be brought home to employers and to the employees of theindustries of the nation that theirown" future depends on the construction of these ships; The fact isthat the recent order issued by FuelAdministrator Garfield, closing thefactories of the whole country, andthe more recent freight embargo issued by Secretary McAdoo, tying upall the freight with the exception offood and fuel, came not because ofa falling down on the part of thecarriers themselves, but because ofthe lack of ships. The reason forthis is plain. The speeding up. of theAmerican factories piled; in the pastern seaports, and packed into everyrailway siding outside of the seaboardcities, thousands of loaded cars ofmaterials for the war zone. The result was that even the coal requiredfor the ships in harbor could not getthrough, and even the few. ships -whichwe now possess were held in harbor:by empty bunkers and could not sail.Until we have ships to clear theAtlantic ports of manufacturedgoods, for which our Army in Franceand our Allies are in need, these enforced holidays and embargoes mustrecur, with the result that no factoryin America can be assured of runningfull time and no workmen can counton continuous employment.If you can drive this home to yourpeople; if this lesson, through constant repetition, can be thoroughlylearned; there is no doubt that youwill get your quota of the neccessary men.It is not mere numbers that countit is the efficiency of the men enrolled. It is as much to the interest of themanufacturer to send his best mento the shipyards as it is to the interest of the man himself to go.If the use of my name will in anyway help you in your work, you havethe authority to use it, quoting fromthis statement, to the end that thepeople from your district may realizeonce and for all that on labor depends the construction of the neededships, and on these ships depend notonly the war itself, but the presentindustrial lift of the nation.Yours respectfully,EDWARD N. HURLEY,Chairman of the Board.la a paCONSERVATION OF FLOUR IS EXTENDED BY HOOVER.All -hotels, restaurants, diningcars, steamships, boarding ' houseand other public eating places, including clubs, which use three barrels of flour a month, must hereafterserve Victory pies, pastry, cookies,griddle cakes, waffles, etc., as well asVictory bread under a rulling an-I nounced by the Food Administrationto become effective at once.All pies, pastry, cakes, etc., servedby such places must contain a thirdof wheat substitutes at all times andbatter cakes, griddle cakes and waffles must contain three-quarters ofwheat substitutes."The new regulation," said a FoodAdministration announcement, "hasbeen put into operation for the protection of those public eating placeswhich desire to co-operate to th3fullest extent with the Food Administration in wheat saving, but weresubjected to unfair competition onthe part of some of their competitors." BANK STOCK SALE.Autioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door lnjtiat place to Dr RoDinson 0f Mt.'Paris for the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., administrator ofthe estate of John W. "Tanner, deceased, ten shares of the capitalstock of the Frist National Bank, ofParis, at $210 per share, and fifteenshares of the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., at $239 pershare.INFECTIOUS DISEASE APPEARSAMONG BOURBON CATTLE. - -The act that an infectious disease peculiar fo cattle, although almost unknown in this county, called!Hemdrrhagia Septicemia, had appeared in a herd of cattle belongingto Mr. James L. Dodge, on the North. -Middletownpike, was reported lastweek to County Live Stock Inspec-'tor Dr. M. H. Hamilton.Dr. Hamilton immediately made an.investigation and after his diagnosisdetermined to conduct a post-mortemexamination of a steer thatj&iddied. This revealed the presence -ofthe dsiease. Parts of the internalorgans of the animal were sent'tothe Agricultural Experiment Stationat State University, Lexington, forfurther examination. -uNine head of Mr. Dodge's herdhave died of the disease. Precautions have been taken- to prevent afurther spread of the disease.Dr. F. P. Campbell, of Paris, furnished THE NEWS with the following communication regarding'"thlC lilDAQfin -rrrTtisiV. -.11 J tA.-TV""" iijci3c, wuu will no aouu& ,prove interesting to owners o cattfe 5v ?and to stockmen generally:"Hemorrhagia Septicemia is a disease that is caused by the BacillusBovisepticus and provails mostly inthe North and West, Iowa, Nebraskaand the Dakotas, a great many of thetypes have been of the sub-acute orchronic type, but in the fall of 1517'they were mostly highly acute."This disease is often confoundidfwith corn stalk disease, or foragepoisoning and some eminent veterinarians are inclined to the opinioathat all these outbreaks are Hemorrhagic Septicemia, but I believethe concensus of opinion is againstthis theory, as has been demonstrated in Nebraska where they vaccinated hundreds of sheep and cattle withHemorragic Septicemis Bactrins with,negative results, all of them dyingsalthough post-mortem showed smalldeposits of the Bacillus Bovisepticu3.This Bacillus is very commonlyfound as a secondary infection in avariety of diseased conditions."It is claimed it is possible to isolate this organism from the discharg-es of normal healthy animals."An autopsy will show a hyperamja and in some instances an inflaim- '.mation involving the periphery andsometimes the cerebral structureitself, if the animals have sufficientresistance they may Hvrlong enoughto secrete serious inflammatory fluid,and besides, there will be fuonipetechial hemorrhages in otherstructures of the body. The suresttest is the isohiation of the organism,and injection into the rabbit, whichit promptly destroys.. "In Nebraska they have vaccinateda great number of cattle against'.Hemorrhagie Septicemia and whenturned back to the stalk fields theydie."When the diagnosis is correct andhas not been confounded with foragepoisoning the vaccination has beeninvaluable."REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Mr. Robert M. Gilkey, of NorthMiddletown, purchased of Mrs.Charlton Lowe, a tract of fiftysixacres of land lying near North Mid-"dletown, at $235 per acre. Possession will be given the purchaser o.March 1st.Dr. I. R. Henry, of North Middletown, purchased from James Munday his farm containing 117 acres,located about two miles from NorthMiddletown, on the Wade's Mill pike,at a price not made public. Possession will be given on March X,when Dr. Henry will place a. tenanton the farm.Dr. D. S. Henry, purchased of R.H. Herrington, at a private price thefarm located on Cane Ridge, ad- .joining the lands of Samuel Clay,and John H. Roseberry.Mr. Jos. Perraut purchased the205-acre farm in Mason county,known as the W. W. Ball farm, otThos li. Ewan and Sherman An,for $50,000. Mr. Perrant will move' "from his present location near Jacksonville, " and take possession onMarch 1.Brock Bros. & Tanner, of Clarkcounty, sold to Mr. James Munday,of Winchester, their farm "of 194 4acres, located on the Ware pike, nearAvon Station, in Bourbon county,for $32,000, possession to be givemMarch 1. The farm is all in bluegrass, well improved, and is. one of.the best bodies of land in Bourbon, .'county.Charles Edward, of North Middle-town, has sold his fine farm nearSterling, for a private price.The residence of Mr. Luther Ashcraft, on South Main street, and twovacant lots on South High street,which were to have been sold atpublic sale Saturday afternoon, werebid as a whole to $4,135, aad. witkr1drawn. . xmr;Wlr -Vvi-fe-w;;f'VVVA-XA.1GE TWdW- BOURBON 1W8aaMIshed 188135 Years oftlnuous Publication.Conblurted Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. . . $2.00 Six Months . -. $1.00Payable In Advance.W!FT CKAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichay appear In the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thetiter.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per Inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue., Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andatmiiar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.'The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesaiust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- This paper has enlistedwith the jtovernment in the-capse of America for the'jeriod of the warJ" EDITORIAL MUSINGS.;Tlie "Father of His Country.Would he recognize it his country if he should suddenly comeback to the mortal plane?There have been' changes.-The Thirteen Colonies have spreadthemselves over an , imperial sweepq continent that gathers into itsboundaries a galaxy of sovereignBtates, each of them largely indeypemdent all of them together forming' the greatest Union for governj&eut the world has ever seen. Andvihe territorial expansion of Washington's country has not stoppedwith ocean limits, but has overleapted'the expanse of waters to East andWest; so that the islands of theseas, by benevolent assimilation,Jlmve given their destinies into thekeeping of the Great Republic. Thesocial life of the people has changed.The old-time simplicity oflife has jgone.Standards of living have beenrevolutionized. Where the wants ofjne made a big mistake and gave herthe people were simple, there was no a D0X f un 0f sawdust instead of theneed for special legislation along I usual bran mash. The cow, merelysocial lines. While interrelated, and j supposing that the real thing hadin a sense dependent the one upon! come to pass in the conservation ofthe other, the families of Washing- fo0(jf meekly ate her supper. Theton's time were little empires injparjs man did not discover his mis-themselves; then, indeed, everyman's house was his castle. His do-main was largely sufficient unto it-self. More and more, however, legislation has taken on a social tinge.The welfare of the people, enmasse,Has conie to engage the attention ofpublicists and statesmen. So thatwe, have such laws as the eight-hourday and the employer's liability enactment. These days, no man liveth unto himself. Individuality isby no means crushed or thwarted;but present-day individualism tend3toward mass ' development the lifting of the entire body politic.Complexity of production and dis--trxbutionhas taken the place of themore simple and immediate barterand exchange through all themighty changes and the intricate andbewildering relations of modernAmerica, there stands out the distinctive greatness and glory of Geo.Washington. He is yet, the spiritaW the inspiration of 4iim, "first inpeace, first in war and first in the.hearts of his countrymen."The Editor's Say-So., It isn't every editor that canhave a say-so. For they do say thatthe average editor is but the spokesman -for him, or them, who holdstock in the paper he is supposed toedik The sad and those in despair-about the trend of modern timc3.would have us believe that "the greatnbdern dailies do not by any meansfashion public opinion, finding itmore profitable to reflect the same.This being true, say the sad andthose in despair, the editor is buttMe hireling hired by the hirers towrite about what is most pleasing tothe greatest number of possiblereaders, and, of course, advertisers.Bui we are an hireling, too, and ourhirers, having troubles of their own,leave us to our own sweet will inthe matter of "Musings." In thedearth of material about which towrite, sometimes, we really wish wredid have some kind of a machine thatwould grind out news as a Victrolagrinds out canned music.One thing, we can always writeabout the weather, and everybody inthis' section knows that there has5iv?v"been someeathfi&ardund this partity-six inches of -snow on the level,and sixteen degrees, below zerjo,might be encountered with a tolerable degree of comfort if they hadcome one at a time. But when bothpile on together, it is a good deallike having to take on two huskychaps at one time in an effort tolick them. One is handicapped. Forwhat one chap won't think of doingto a fellow, the other will, and thecombat is more than likely to waxinteresting. Same way about thesnow and zero weather. The railroadmen said that they could very handily have licked one at a time, butwhen the combination struck themthey had to quit. Result, in Paris,a shortage of coal, which had already been "at a perilous level of supply, and derangement, almost to thepoint of paralysis, of freight-movingand passenger traffic.But the leaden, laden days of Winter have about passed, and in theirstead will soon come the fragrantbreath of Spring, and later the fullblown beauty of Summer, and afterthat the Autumn, with its gifts offruits and grains and then well,let's pass up next Winter for thetime being and all join the "Is-Everybody-Happy"Club.Paris Must Reach Out Some!To us it looks as though the tradeof the country is scatter so thatthe town which puts forth the mosteffort in that direction will eventually succeed in landing far more thanits legitimate share of business. Atpresent, while time hangs on thehands of the average business man,he takes time to look around, andthen spends his money where it willgo the farthest, so to us it seems thatthe merchants who offer him goodvalues for his money, will eventu-Jally reap golden rewards in the wayof his future trade.This fact we would like to impressupon the minds of the people ofParis, and we would also ask themto aid us in establishing the factin this city can be found better bargains than in any other in this section. If we once get this fact established, Paris will again be handling the trade that . rightfully belongsto it Millersburg, North Middle-;town and other sections of the county that are now throwing their dollars into the tills of the Lexingtonmerchants. Let's all join hands andmake this possible.On The Milky Way!There is a certain Paris man whoowns a certain fashionable brand ofcow, and this cow is a daisy in herown individual way. The Paris manis very fond of the animal, and getsher the very best in the way offeed, even in these conservationtimes. But here is where the talcof woe comes in. He got in an extra lot of bran and other stuff fromone of the local millers not longago, and put it, as he thought, in theright place. One night just afterstowing the feed away, he was detained much longer than usual athis place of business, and when hewent in the stable to feed the cowj take until the next morning. Whenhft went to milk the cow. which hereserved as his own particular fornof recreation, she let down half agallon of turpentine, a quart ofshoe pegs and a bundle of lath.The Hew Spring Girl.There was a time in the now dimpast when the Bourbon county girlalways had her eye on the fellowwho had a good driving horse in theSpringtime, gentle Annie, but nowthe fellow who has an automobileholds over the fellow who owns amere horse so far that there is nocomparison. A girl could tell herfellow by the way he drove up tothe door, by the sound of the buggy,but now she simply listens for the"honk" or sniffs for the smell ofgasoline. There is yet one handicapto running an automobile. It requires the use of both hands, butsome inventor may yet find a wayto obviate this. The tandem bicycle was not a howling success as ameans of locomotion to the youngpeople, although it was touted to thevery skies at first, and there may bebrighter days yet for the old sorreland the top buggy if the girls of today and to-morrow are anythinglike their mothers of yesterday.Get The Hook!The man who can see no good inhis fellow-man ought to fall off ofthis earth and go to his proper place.There is no guess as to where heought to be and as to where he willgo when he leaves here. The milkof human kindness has soured inhim; his better nature has becomeperverted; his eyes inverted, and hiswhole moral being turned awry.He has lost confidence in men; hasno real respect for women; looks onthe government as being tyrannical,and death as merely an escape fromthralldom. He is too cowardly todestroy himself; too abject to behonorable; too small intellectuallyto bother about the weightier problems of life; too contemptible to beJ noticed, and too apt to live out all Ihis days. Such 'men 'may "be termed'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.a f -rssk ferthe "gadflies ofMifeT calculate toannoy their betters, fonient$sti$ferun discord, anP bring misery tomankind.Here We Go Again!Suppose every business man inParis took as much interest in theupholding of the town and forwarding all public enterprises as thenewspaper man. He works for therailroads, manufacturers, schoolsand churches, good streets, goodroads, food conservation, fuel conservation, and everything else of a public nature, urges, pleads, scolds,badgers and cavorts around generally. Imagine his feelings whensome string-halted, kind of a felloereproaches him because he doesn'tboom things enough. If the citydoes not boom and the prices of realestate advance and the owners growrich from the results of his labors,he makes nothing by it. He is likethe poor boy at the circus he canstand and look at the pictures without the necessary quarter to gain admission. Buy At Home.Don't go abroad to buy somethingwhen you have a few dollars tospend and then ask your homemerchant to sell to you on timewhen your are broke. If you havebills with your merchant who hasgiven you credit ana an extensionof time and accepted small payments, and take your cash to someother city to spend with a strangerwho has no interest in Paris, ninetimes out of ten he will "do" youbecause he never expects to see youagain. The Paris merchant willsave you money with reliable goods,which he guarantees with his reputation. Want To Be a Farmer?The farmer who owns a farm isthe particular person who is fixedwell. Banks may fail and factoriermay close, workmen strike and minessuspend, merchants fail, and townsburn, times may be panicky and eventhe crops may be short but thefarmer who owns his acres will getalong. He will live in comfort andquiet with plenty to eat, drink andwear. He is, or ought to be, themost' independent man on the facof the earth. Yet there are lots ofthem who do not appreciate theirsituation.When We Have Suffrage.When the women take over thcounty offices the cusipdors will goout of the court houses. With awoman judge on the bench thelawyers will have to quit smokingAnd with women councilmen wemay expect ordinances making it amisdemeanor to wear a dirty shirtor come down town unshaven.There is considerable to this woman suffrage question beyond whatappears on the surface.As To Critics.It is a well known fact that themost severe critics " of the publicschools and churches are the people who have never taken the troubleto enter the doors of the institutions that they criticise. They standoutside and bark instead of enteringand learning for themselves thetruth about matters. It is far easierto set up a hue and cry than to makea thorough investigation.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thi3tube is inflamed you have a rumbl-jing sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tubrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh . Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Pitying Not Consoling.It is said that the blind are easilydiscouraged, and one should never talkto them about their misfortune. InPortugal, where the blind are morenumerous, posters are placed on theI walls of the workshops bearing thisInscription: "Never pity the blinduhen talking to them." This advicehas been followed in France. In manyschools in France one readB signs aafollows : "Pitying is not consoling."THAT TERRIBLE HEA1ACHE.Do you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sal-1low skin and dull eyesr If so, youcan get quick relier by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you ob-serve the directions with each pack-rAage.(adv-feb)2iMEN WITH NERVES-; OF- I RDNv U ",jHRemarkable Feats That "Are: Said tcHave Been Performed by English Steeplejacks.The business of being a steeplejackhas very strangely "run through" several families of England. At Nottingham there was a family named Wootton, members of which had for centuries the reputation of being daringsteeple climbers, not for adventure butin the way of business.One of these Woottons, In the timeof George in, was famous for repairing steeples and spires without usingscaffolding; he did his work by thehelp of ladders, hooks and ropes. Whenhe repaired St. Peter's spire, Nottingham, in 1789, having finished his work,he beat a drum at its top, thousandsof people looking on.Another of the Woottons undertookthe perilous task of ascending the spireof St. Mary's, Manchester, which wasvery lofty. By a tremendous wind theball and cross had been bent down, andlooked dangerous. This steeple climber raised ladders one after the other,assisted by blocks and ropes, andsecured each in succession to the stonework with clamps. When he got nearthe top of the spire the work becamemore difficult, and the spectators anxiously watched him as he fixed the lastladder. Having accomplished this feat,Wootton stepped from the ladder on tothe crown or pinnacle of the steeple,and stood quite upright, with his handsfree. Then he raised a cheer, whichwas responded to by the crowds below.More extraordinary still, one of thesesteeple-climbers is said to have performed the feat of standing upon hishead on a steeple top. 'LANGUAGE HARD TO MASTERFearful and Wonderful Sentences WereThose Written by Pupils ofMalaysian School.Some queer sentences turned outby the pupils of the Methodist Girlsschool at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.One can usually distinguish the subject and tell what the child tried tosay at least.When the form of a verb is changedit is called congregation.The prime meridian is called theeternal date line.Gibraltar is the keynote in the Mediterranean. The finest wheat that ever croppedgrows in Russia.The masculine of. spinster is bore.He had nothing on except a swordand he was unarmed.A wife is the upset (opposite) ofthe husband.The place was taken by storm andthunder.Benjamin Franklin looked very funny with his clothes behind and a loafof bread in his mouth.The cat was thin and pale.Gibraltar la known as the keyholeof England.St Helena is a place where Napoleon had been diminished.The Barbarian states are Morocco,Algiers, Tripoli and Turnips.Queen Victoria reigned 60 years.She was the longest sovereign, thatever ruled in England.A frog is a bug with four legs. Itstands up In front rfnd sits down behind. World Outlook.Got Their "Lively Time."A famous lion-tamer tells of a queerChristmas present he once received. Itwas a consignment from a friendabroad of three boa-constrictors andfive alligators, "With Jim's best wishesfor a lively time." The lion-tamer andhis wife got the lively time desired.He aays:"I shall never forget how annoyed Iwas when, during the night, two of thealligators broke out of their boxes inour bedroom and began exploring. Icould not find the matches, and I andray1 wife remained on top of the bedcanopy till morning. Luckily, my wifenever thought of the thing that worried me. I was afraid the alligatorsmight call on the boa-coristrictors towlsli them a Merry Christmas, and sowake them up too!'Nuts and Digestion.' The reason nuts are thought indigestible by some is because of the thluskin surrounding each kernel, notes amedical authority. This can easily beblanched off by pouring boiling wateron the nut, and allowing it to stand'for a few moments. Almond shouldnever be eaten with the red,' toughskin on the nut meat. When boilingwater is poured on the almond, thisskin becomes as tough as leather. Thebest way to use nuts for children is togrind the nut meats or pound .them,for which purpose the nut-butter knifein the meat grinder will be found theright tool. A good nut cracker withstrong spring 'makes nut-cracking'easy, and is preferable to buying theready-picked meats on the market.FolJy of Ridicule.A moment of indulgence in ridiculemay create lifelong resentment, notesa student.The late Richard Mansfield is saidto have nursed a grievance againstHenry Irving for years. The reasonwas that Irving had momentarily indulged a little weakness he had formaking sardonic remarks.Ridicule of persons strikes at personal vanity. And vanity Is a verycommon weakness. Few escape it altogether. And this kind of ridicule, in fact allkinds, on examination, will be foundiU "e ? w'- 1xa, """culing there is invariably the desire toto be associated with vanity. In ridiw k jafctoshow &ow clever one is oneself.FresTSfofktor Sale.I have a good- Jersey Cow forsale, now fresh; and another onewill be fresh soon.(15-4t-F) A. S. THOMPSON. I- iFOR SALE Iiittuuoumc act uj. lurmiure lor j"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attach-1ment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mis-jsion and is good as new. Can beTTnlntMA nV . f .. ufl..u.bought at a bargain. Call at THE;BOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124.(tf)Trees! Shrubs! Plants!Now is the time to plant yourOrchard, Lawn, and Garden.Our large descriptive catalogue ofreliable Fruit and Shade Trees,Small Fruits, Shrubs, Evergreens,Grapes, Asparagus, Seed Potatoes,Strawberry Plants, Etc., are freeupon inquiry.No Agents! Write To-day!H. P. HELLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.(15-6t)Public Sale-OF-Bourbon County Farm.We will sell at public auction, onthe premises, of a mile fromEwalt's Cross Roads, on the Clay& Kiser pike, onThursday, Feb. 21, 1918beginning at 1:30 o'clock 75 acresof land, improved with a five roomhquse; 10 acre tobacco barn; 2cribs; feed barn; garage; new siloand cistern at house and barn.Running water in rear of farm.There are now 20 acres seeded towheat, the balance of the place being in bluegrass, clover and timothy. This farm is now occupied byMr. Harvey Wagoner.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.PARI& REALTY CO.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-2t) ' 'Farm For Sale-AT-AUCTIONON SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23,1918, AT 1:30 P. M.at the Court House door, we willsell at Public Auction, 129 acres ofland, with a ten-acre tobacco barn,stable, corn crib and large silo, under new woven wire fence, well watered and lays well. No residenceon this land, but a beautiful building site. Located on Steele Pike.4 miles from Paris. One hundredacres in old bluegrass soil readyfor the plow, and some standingtimber; a rare chance indeed forsomeone. Don't forget tne day anddate, February 23, 1918, in front ofthe Court House door, at 1:30 p.m. Rain or shine, this farm, is going to sell.For further information, seePARIS REALTY CO.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3tWALNUT LOGS WANTEDFOR GUN STOCKS FOR TJ. S. GOVERNMENT ORDERS.We are manufacturers of Stocks for U. S. Army Rifles, and musthave Walnut. By selling your walnut timber or logs to us you are doing an important act in helping our country to win this Great WorldWar. We also buy Oak, Ash, Poplar, Hickory.We pay cash and highest possible prices.Write us, stating full particulars of approximate number of tree3,P. O. address, location, etc.WOOD-MOSAIC CO., Inc., Lexington, Ky.Phone 2572-Y Boom 700 First and City National Bank Building.(15-2t)Public Sale of Desirable Residence.I will sell at public auction on the premises, (219 East Main St..)WEDNESDAY, IEBRTJARY20, 1918, AT 2 P. M.,roy residence, containing" five rooms, reception hall, bath complete, natural gas, electric lights, butler's pantry, large well lighted attic, circular porch, with front and side entrance, 7 foot well lighted- dry cellar under entire house, flowers, fruits and vegetables have never froieain the most severe weather. .This residence is in first "class condition, being recently painted aa4papered and is on a native stone foundation, having concrete walfeand shade trees.It is situated on a two acre lot; and newly fenced. Meat hons,new garage, hen house and stable, with a never failing well close Ttr?and macadamized road to street.This is a rare chance of securing a nice home close in, with allcity and country conveniences.Possession will be given five days after sale.TERMS One-third cash, balance in equal payments, due in oneand two years. Deferred payments to bear 6 per centr interest fromdate of sale. ' i , I . i ,r 'f P t'TfJlJAMES W. C0NNELL.For further information call on HARRIS & SPEAKBS, or owneT,(J. W. Connell), who will take pleasure in showing prospective buyers,this property. - (Feb 12-19)TUESDAY, .FEBRUARY If, 191.FOR RENT.Desirable house, on Main street;has five rooms and bath; god bigarden.(5-tf) ' J. T. HINTON.Save Your Eyes.How can a youngster keep up inschool when every attempt at studycausesHeadaches and Nervousness ?Backward children have frequentlygone up with the "Heads of theClass" when properly fitted with:glasses.Give your childrenBring them in for anright away.a chance,examinationDR. W. R. FRANKLIMCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.Public SaleOFStock, Crop and FanImplements.Beginning at 10 o'clock onFriday, Feburary 22, 1918,at the Mrs. Sallie Hedges place,near Talbott's Station, on Peacockpike, about 4 miles from Paris, IFill offer at public sale the following: 1 sorrel mare, broke to work,lady broke;1 black mare, coming 8, gooddriver and worker, in foal;2 bay Percheron mares, coming4, both in foal and good workers:2 sorrel fillies, coming 2 halterbroke;1 bay horse colt, coming yearling; 1 red. cow, fresh in March;8 stands of bees;2 yearling bull calves;8 red shoats;1 three-year-old Jersey cow;2 red sows;1 bay yearling colt;1 Mitchell wagon- good' as newhay frame and bed, holds 16. barrels; 1 section harrow;1 mowing machine;1 new Bull rake;1 dump rake;1 new iron roller;" 2 riding Hicks cultivators?2 Valcan- plows, Xov 1;- ...1 hay box;2 double-shovel plows;1 four-horse dray;2 five-shovel plows;1 Jonesville check rower;1 Bemis tobacco setter food asnew;1 marker;3 new heavy log chains 12 feetPong;2 pairs check lines;1 feed sled;1 Oliver Chilled land plow;4 pairs work harness;1 set buggy harness;3 pairs stretchers;Lot of double-trees, single-treesand lap links;1 iron digger;1 tarpaulin, 18-ft. wide and 30-ftlong, good as new.About 3-wagon loads of secondhand lumber:1 7-ft. cross-cut saw;1 big tool house on wagon, 24-ft.long, 9-ft. -in wide;1 machine, "Shot;"Lot of hog meat and can of lard;1 big heating stove.F. G. SMALL,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 6.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(td)-'("iVrXy4 U.y -THK BOURBON HEWS, PAHS. HTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, ,1918.aOt;lPIONEER. LIFE IN MISSOURIyr"s'lsV3a?ajJRemoves Tell Tale Marks -ofTimeand TroubleWrinkles, age, worry and habit linesquickly disappear under our scientific method of facial message. Soothes nerves. Relaxes andrests drawn muscles. Plumps out hollows andcreases. UGed wath Tronderfcl success in 8,000?hp3. Investigate. Call or -send two cents to covercoat of roailinp of our Tissue Creaa end Bookleton 'Care of . flMn The Skin.'.,vM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.SAVE THE HENS.Every laying hen sold from thefarms before the first of May meansa loss of about 30 eggs to the foodsupply of the Nation. These eggsare valuable food, manufacturedlargely from insects, weeds andgrass, garbage and waste. The eggs,therefore, are almost wholly a netgain in human food. Moreover, thehen is just as good meat after shehas laid these eggs as before.Save the hens is the message thatthe United States Department ofAgriculture is sending broadcastthrough press notices and posters,and through its county agents, especially in the Southern poultry-rais-1ing sections.'ftOMTSBSr "TO "WASTA Remarkable' Chain of .Home Testimony, And Paris Adds ItsVoice to the Grand Chorusof Local Praise.From north to south, from east- xowest;In every city, every community;In every State in the Union.Rings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And it's all for the benefit of fellow sufferers.In this grand chorus of local praiseParis is well represented.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experiences.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago, Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of the complaint. I have good reason to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills and advisetheir use to anyone troubled with aweak or lame back or irregular passages of the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Was "Fine for Men and Dogs," butUndoubtedly Also Hard on', the Women.As a general thing, the man whoknows what he is talking about isn'ta very popular speaker.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm i mHRE DESTROYS BIG BARN INPAYETTE.J 9ltoftl4 SSL "iS ' "K. i -NV.. . Jf "$'.Vfr tX Vw jyj- T.r.rs..-n "If &J&vifr&&J&i "iS T1MS . , MLEXINGTON, KY., Feb. 18. During the heavy wind, rain and electrical storm which passed over thissection Thursday night about 9o'clock a large tobacco barn on thefarm of Mrs. Jennie Phelps, fourmiles out on the Harrodsburg road,was struck by lightning and destroyed, together with the contents. Astock barn near by also caught fireflying sparks, but was saved afterheroic work on the part of HowardJ. Mahanes, who resides on the farm,neighbors who canie to his assistance. The loss on the barn destroyed isapproximately $1,500, as the structure could hardly be rebuilt for thamoney; while the destruction of thecontents, consisting of tobacco, hay,oats, etc., belonging to Mr. Mahaneswill entail a loss of from, $2,500 to$3,000 on him. There was not a dollar's insurance on either the barn orthe contents, Mr. Mahanes said.In the barn, according to Mr. Mahanes, were about eight tons of oats,twelve tons of baled straw, 2,500pounds of extra good tobacco whichnad not been stripped and 7,000practically new tobacco sticks."In Pioneer Families of Missouri,"Is printed a letter written by a woman!to her sister in Kentucky, the KansasCity Star says:"The men and dogs have a fine time,but we poor women have to suffer. "Wepack water from onerhalf mile to onemile for cooking and washing. My advice is stay where you are. But if yousee anyone coming to this country,send a plank cradle for poor little Patrick. His poor little back is full ofhard bumps, lying in a cradle Georgemade out of a hollow log, with a pieceof wood for a pillow. George and I attended a wedding last week. Thepreacher, a hard-shell Baptist, had along buckskin overcoat. The groomwas In his shirt sleeves, with whitecotton pants that came just below hisknees, and white cotton socks andbuckskin slippers on his feet. Thegirl was dressed in a low-necked, short-walsted, short-sleeved white cotton.dress that was monstrous short for agirl like her. She had on buckskinslippers and her hair was tied with abuckskin string, which Is all the gohere. And when the preacher wasspelling and reading the ceremonyfrom the book, the girl commencedsneezing and the buckskin stringslipped off her hair, -which fell all overher face, and everybody laughed."An early marriage ceremony In Livingston county took place with thecouple on one side of Medicine creekand Squire Jordan on the other side.The creek was booming. The youngman swam the stream and brought thesquire down from his house. Then theyoung man swam back and took hisplace beside the young woman. SquireJordan couldn't swim. He wanted topostpone the ceremony a few days until the creek went down. The youngfolks wouldn't have it. They joinedhands and told the squire to go ahead.The questions and answers were shouted across the creek and the knot wastied. Medicine creek got Its name, according to tradition, because a countrydoctor in trying to swim it lost his"pill bags," as they were called.FSSWWi.1IPI9vY'tV sr y lSSCfvW ,, T y? A ,v.7SJ.Mni.POTASH ALWAYS IN DEMANDFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.51 IBS teCow Elephant Tusks Best.The tusks of the cow elephant havebeen found best adapted to the makingof billiard balls. The tusk of the female is not so curved as that of themale, and the fine nerve passage is notso clearly seen.Hard to Obtain Sufficient Quantity ofThis Most Important ofFertilizers.EFFICIENCY is the watchword of today. The Nation s businessmust go forward swiftly and surely. The conservation of TimeHealth and Energy is quite as important as the conservation o foodstuffs and other national resources.If you are a business or professional man, a Paige Linwood "Six'jgT will'enable you to multiply your usefulness. It will carry you to andfrom your office it will enable you to keep appointments on theminute it will make you independent of mile posts, congestedtrolley cars and unhealthy "waiting rooms.'A "Linwood" will perform all of these tasks eagerly and unfailingly. Yuawill find it as necessary, and quite as dependable, as the telephone.Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe ,,Six-55" 4-passenger $2850; Town' Car "Six-55 7Hpassenger $3230; Limousine 'Six-55" 7-passenger $3230:Sedan "Six-55" -passenger $2850; Brooklands 4-passenger $1795; Linwood'Six-39' 5-passenser $1330; Glendale ,Six-39" Chummy Roadster $1330;Dartmoor "Six-39 " 2 or 3-passenger$l330; Sedan "Six-39 5-passenger $1925.All Prices f . o. b. Detroit.PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICH.r. P. WHITEWitta. Diclcerson & Douglas Garage, 4th and Hieli St.. "Parisii ,Cl.'Sr.auuumiINDIGESTION.A beautiful line of Garlands on dlafc)lay. Come In and look them over.aParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Take a few doses of Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for indigestion, and you will soon forgetabout your stomach troubles. Tryit.(adv-feb)Potash is perhaps the most Important of fertilizers. Although potassium, in its combinations, is one of themost widely distributed of the elements, It Is found massed In bulk inonly a few places. The Saxon depositsat Stassfurt, and the beds in Alsace,are the world's chief sources of supply. Elsewhere, potash Is to be had onlyby the treatment of great quantities ofmaterial, with a small resultant yield.The case is not as bad as that ofradium, where a ton of ore may giveonly a fraction of a grain of the precious metal; but it is bad enough tomake Its extraction an extremely costly process. The farmer's wife has always known how to leach potash fromwood ashes in sufficient quantity tomake the soft soap for the familywashing, but this method does not paycommercially.POWER GROCERY HEAD TELLS ,OF CONSERVATION., IOld Coffins Now Valuable.Old metal coffins that have not seenH. A. Power, of the Power i the lightf ? r nany years adornY Company, of this city, a an lot issed asas follows refrardinjr his re-. yard in Grass Valley, Cal. These grew-Mr.Grocerywrites as follows regarding his recent observations while on a trip some specters lying about on thetrough the Eastern States: I ground have been the cause of a greati deal of interest. One of these is aT have just returned from a bus-. bronze affair ftat s worth geveral?. whPere FlSffiS? &l. "? f aS C0Stwith the National Food Administra- hen new 30 years potion, and I realized more than ever I mmmm mmm mm mmm mmm mmmm mmmmm mmmthe importance of every American , rMMMM"MMM"citizen giving support to food conFamous Tree Destroys."Byron's tree," in Harrow parisE.churchyard, has been destroyed byfire, wantonly caused by a visitor. TfcMis the elm made famous by the poet,who in a letter from Italy in 182stated that he used to sit for hoursunder a large tree in the churchwardsHe also wrote some well-knowa 'Timeswritten beneath an elm in the crchyard of Harrow."$6.50-? LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily By Mail(Not Sunday)andThe Bourbon NewsHorse's Jumping Powers.If he reader will carefully measureout 89 feet an idea of a horse's capacity in this direction will be gathered.Such a distance a steeplechase horsecalled Old Chandler Is reported to havecovered at Warwick many years ago;and there is more than .one apparentlyauthentic record of a horse clearingover seven feet In height. The sceneof such an exploit was at the Phoenixpark, Dublin, and the horse was calledTurnip. The animal belonged to SirE. Crof ton, and the duke of Richmond,then lord lieutenant of Ireland, wagered 500 that this height could notbe cleared. A wall of the requisite dimensions was built, and when finishedTurnip was ridden at it. He did whatwas asked of him in perfect style, butit happened that his grace, not knowing that the feat was ready for performance, was not looking when thejump was made, and Turnip was therefore ridden over it again, not only successfully, but easily. London Tit-Bits.trol asked by the President inlatest food proclamation."The Food Administration nowfaces the task of securing one hundred million bushels of wheat for exportation to our Allies. Added tothis is an average of seventy millionpounds of meat per month for exportfor the next three months."These quantities of food are available if our American people will havethe proper regard for food as themost decisive weapon of our army."The responsibility rests with thagrocer, farmer, and every consumer.If Germany wins we will be obeyingorders given by someone we will notlike to obey."Our Government asks us to provethat free people can follow directions. We can't afford to eat whatour country needs when there areso many substitutes. The spirit ofthe times is conservation and sacri-j fice. The man who retuses is nota patriot; watcn mm."H. A: POWER."a atIf you run a store account insistupon bills being sent with a.11 purchases. Keep a ten-cent spindle onyour kitchen shelf a-nd place on Iteach, bill as received. Then therecan be no dispute at settling time. Ithe TTtTTTTTTftTtirttttttttttttttttlf HlHHimmi8Your Home Paper and the Best Known DailyNewspaper in this Section.An Excellent Combination!Subscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent..rCatching Monkeys.The well-known habit of monkeys toimitate the actions of man is cleverlyutilized by wild-animal catchers in tak-l ing the agile, climbing creatures captive, says Popular Mechanics Magazine. The hunters' method is to wajkabout for some time within sight ofthe wild monkeys, wearing short boots.Then the boots are fallen off and gumis placed in their bottoms, after whichthe-men withdraw from the scene. Before long the curiosity of the imitativewatchers in the trees gets the better oftheir caution and they descend andstart to try on the boots, whereuponthey discover that the footwear cannot;be removed and, being unable to climb,are easily captured.?1 Strong Negatives.i There is one great advantage aboutkeeping both glass and film negativesIn envelopes made of transparent paper that the negative can be look?dat and identified without taking itout of its envelope. More negativesare damaged by being turned over tofind some particular one than by thelapse of time, and the transparent envelope protects them from injury fromthis source. A system of filing and, cataloging, by which any negative required can be found with a",mlnimum,of disturbance of the others, also tendsto prevent damage. 'THANKS!Our Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we extend ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir business pursuits.CALLAGAINWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREDEFARTHENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re- Treading andVulcanizing ofAUKindsC. S. BALL OARAGECor.1 Fourth and Pleasant Str..PAGE T0TJ1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, PEBRUART If, If IIIfcTHREBE'S HOPE POB SOME 0PTUS YET!Some of the world's most famousmen began life as newsboys! or wereidentified in some other way with'what has been aptly or inaptly term-ied,.-"a noble profession." Many ofthem have risen to great heights inthe political or business world, andnot one has ever been known to regret the training he received in anewspaper office.There is hope for some of us herein Paris yet. Circuit Clerk Will H.Webb began life as a newsboy, andnow comes Mayor E. 33. January asa former -newsboy. Tiie Courier-Journal of Friday, has an excellenthalt-tone cut of His Honor, accompanied by the following sketch:vOne of the best known and mostpopulair men in the State to-day isE. B. January, the present Mayor ofParis. He is a typical -self-mademail. Through the death of his parents Mr. January was thrown uponkis own resources when quite young,and despite many obstacles he hasrisen to a place of power in his owncommunity and has a large circle offriends throughout the State. Fo?many years he has been one of. theleading officials in Odd Fellows circjles, and was instrumental in securing the Home for Indigent Odd Fellpws and their widows at Eminence,Ky. He, served as Police Judge ofParis for two terms, and last Augustat the Democratic primary carriedevery precinct in the city but onein. his race for the nomination forMayor. The first money he evermade, and which constituted hisstart in life, was selling the Louisville Journal containing an accountof the assassination of PresidentLincoln, which he says sold "likehotxakes" at $1 each. Since takingthe office of Mayor last January.Mr. January has instituted a number of reforms in the interest of thecity,, which presages a popular administration." 1 to 1ftSEE PARIS REALTY CO.About that 129-acre Farm onSteele Pike, four miles from Paris.Will sell on Saturday, February 23,1518, at the court house door, at1:30 p. m. One hundred acres inold bluegrass sod.(15-3t) PARIS REALTY CO.t "NEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Hoover's Goin' To Get You!The darned old Hoover pledge hascome to our house to stay;To frown our breakfast bacon down,and take our steak away;It cans our morning waffles, and oursausage, too, it seems,And dilates on the succulence ofcorn, and spuds and beans.So skimp the sugar in your cake andleave the butter .out,Or Hoover's .goin' to get you if youDon'tWatchOut! -Oh, gone are the good old days ofhot cakes thickly spread;And meatless, wheatless, hopelessdays are reigning in their stead;And gone the days of fat rib roast,and two-inch T-bone steaks,And doughnuts plump and goldenbrown, the kind that mother makesAnd when it comes to pie and cak3,just learn to cut it out,Or Hoover's goin' to get you ifDon'tWatchOut!So spread your buckwheats sparingly and peel your taters thin;And tighten up your belt a notchand don't forget to grin.And if, sometimes, your whole soulyearns for shortcake high and wideAnd biscuits drenched with honey,and chicken butter fried,Remember then that Kaiser Bill isshort on sauer kraut,And Hoover's goin' to get him ifwe'llAllHelpOut!Birthday Tea Party By Health AndWeltare Lague.A Birthday Tea Party will be givenby the Health and Welfare Lague,on this (Tuesday) afternoon, Feb.19, at 2:30 o'clock, at the Y. M. C.A. Building, on Main street.The public is cordially invited tobe present and each person is askedto bring a small donation for thepantry for the Penny Lunch, whichV PUBLIC SALEOFThirty First-Class Jersey CowsAt Murphy's Stock Yards, Paris, Ky.Thursday, February 21, 1918All of this lot are strictly first-class, fifteen of them withcalves by their side, and the balance will probably be fresh by theday of sale. If you are in the market for a first-class cow don'tfail to attend this sale.Sale starts promptly at 2 P. M., rain or shine.M. J. MURPHY.is served at the City School daily.Donations of rice, beans, tomatoes,hominy and sweets are preferabletThis is an opportunity to do yourbit for the children.At the Red Cross Shop This Week.Tuesday C. W. B. M."Wednesday Catholic Church.Thursday W. T. C. U.Friday Presbyterian Church.The Progressive Culture Club.Responses Lincoln.Our National Holidays Mrs. Turney. 'Harry Lauder Mrs. Tucker.Should Musicians Be Drafted InArmy Service Mrs. Paton.The Paris Literary Club.The Lure of the North Mrs.Prichard.Picturesque Alaska Miss Crutcher.LEXINGTON. Feb. 11, 1918.Mv Dear Mrs. Sutherland:I have just received your check for$1,050, and have credited it to theY. W. C. A. War Fund from Bourbon county. I cannot tell you whata joy it has been to work in thisgood cause with such noble and willing helpers as you and your colleagues. Will you not express tothem my appreciation of this fellowship, and their generous gift. Always faithfully,ADA W. HARRISON.The many patriotic women whohave been so faithfully working inthe Surgical Department of our RedCross will be glad to hear all theirwork has been repeived, inspectedand listed as "perfect" at headquarters in Cleveland and the S. 0. S.call recently supplied and sent onto the front. The rooms are openevery Tuesday and Friday, cuttinggauze Thursdays. Come in and helpall day or a few hours, or an hour.This means you. Entrance, basement, on right.Mrs. Edna McMillan, accompaniedby Mrs. W. O. Hinton and Mrs.Harry Clay, spent Friday in theLexington schools in the interest Tdfthe Penny Lunch which has recentlybeen so successfully established here.Mrs. Morehead, a former Parisian,who is now manager and buyer forthe Lexington Penny Lunch, planned the day, making it both pleasant -profitable to the visitors.ESCash For Cream !We are at your service. Call and see us.Correct Weight and Test !Highest Market Price !Cincinnati Creamery Co.H. L. MITCHELL, Agent106 East Tenth St. Paris, KentuckyTHere You Are SURE ToGet the BestWe not only carry the most complete line of sick-roomnecessities and toilet articles, but we carry the best.Every purchase you make in this store is not onlybacked by the guarantee of its maker, but also carrieswith it this store's guarantee.Your Satisfaction is AssuredOr Your Money is Cheerfully Refunded' Carrying the best known and widely advertised linesbacked by this double guarantee, why take a chance else-where? Why trust to luck that you will be satisfied?. Here you KNOW you will. The next time you need anything, either in the line of sick room necessities or toilet-articles of any sort, try us.- You will find it decidedly worth yourwhile to to a little out of yourway to make your purchases here.BROOKS & SNAP P DRUG CO.415 MAIN ST.PHONE 46Paris boasted the largest visitingdelegiation at the Seventh DistrictConvention of Women's Clubs inWinchester. The reports from ourclubs classed us with the best. OurMrs. McClure was made chairman ofthe Committee on Resolutions. Mi3tLowry's paper on "Art To-daywacpractical and in itself a work of art"It is estimated that about 50,000women in the United States are nov;making surgcial dressings for the allied armies. Our local branch answered last week a -hurry call for 3,000 dressings.BIG ITRE AT JACKSONVILLE.Fire, which for a time threatenedthe entire business section of Jacksonville, Fla., Saturday, destroyedthe L'Engle office, doing damages estimated at $200,000.Public Sale.- OF-Kitchen Furniture!The Juvenile Red Cross will give apatriotic party at the residence oftiie chairman, Miss Elizabeth Henry,on Cypress street, February 22, at2:30 to 5:30 p. m. A silver offeringwill be taken.The D. A. R. will have a patrioticcard party, February 22, 2:00 to5:30 p. m., at Masonic Hall. Only50 cents to celebrate! Engage a tablt for yourself and friends.The National Daughters of theAmerican Revolution enjoys the distinction of standing next to the RedCross in amount of patriotic workLend your spare change to UncleSam. Buy a Baby Bond.?8S fc teFORMER KENTUCKIAN FIGURESIN MISSOURI POLITICS.Former Parisian James B. Fee,now engaged in ranching near Merriam, Kansas, sends THE NEWScopies of recent issues of The KansasCity Star, one of the West's greatestdailies, which contain much news ofgeneral interest to Paris and Bourbon county people.One of ttie papers contains a feature story concerning Mr. MattFlynn, a former resident of Cynthiana, who is now City Comptrollerof Kansas City. The story was onetelling of the wonderful prowess ofa bulldog owned by Flynn, when hewas a resident of Cynthiana. Thedog licked everything in the animalkingdom in Harrison county untilone day along came just an onery,everyday old cur, who gave Mr.Bulldog the fight of his life and cowed him completely.Mr. Flynn is a close personalfriend of Squire Thos. Woods, ofParis. When the story was shownto Mr. Woods he said: "That's MattFlynn all right. Rather see a dogfight or hold a political office thaneat."INFORMATION WANTEDCovington relatives of Mrs. SarahFox, one a resident of Paris, areanxious to gain some informationconcerning her. If Mrs. Fox is stillliving she is requested to communicate with Mrs. Catherine Fox, 1509Banklick Street, Covington, Ky,II cerning her, win please communicateiwith Mrs. FxatJlie above!: address.I will sell at public auction, at myhome, 530 Vine Street, onTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1918,at 2 p. m., the following:Mission davenport; rockers andMorris chair to match hat rack;princess dresser; chiffonier; sideboard; tables; chairs; lace curtains;portierres; carpets; rags; nice lot ofpictures; new coal oil heater; refrigerator; good lawn mower; step ladder; new 50 foot hose; Miller coalranges; kitchen utensils and otherthings too numerous to mention.TERMS Cash.JOHN GOREY.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Farm For Sale-AT-AUCTIONON SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23,1918, AT 1:30 P. M.at the Court House door, we willsell at Public Auction, 129 acres ofland, with a ten-acre tobacco barn,stable, corn crib and large silo, under new woven wire fence, well watered aid lays well. No residenceon this land, but a beautiful building site. Located on Steele Pike.4 miles from Paris. One hundredacres in old bluegrass soil readyfor the plow, and some standingtimber; a rare chance indeed forsomeone. Don't forget the day anddate, February 23, 1918, in front ofthe Court House door, at 1:30 p.m. Rain or shine, this farm is going to sell.(This place is known as the Roseberry Rogers farm.)For further information, seePARIS REALTY CO.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3t)FRANK &COTHE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918NOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.WAlfldH SSPECIAL SALEOf Men's, Young Men's and Boys'Mackinaws and OvercoatsDo You Need An Overcoat ?Now is the time to buy, because it's clearing sale time with us, and thatmeans extra bargains in our overcoats. We reduce the prices to affect a quickclearance, because we want to release the capital invested in these goods. Wewould rather have the money now than the future profit in them. Your dollarbuys a lot of extra clothes value right now, so it's up to you to take advantage ofthese prices.MEN'S OVERCOATS$30.00 Overcoats cut to $25.0027.50 Overcoats cut to 22.5025.00 Overcoats cut to 20.0022.50 Overcoats cut to 1 7.5020.00 Overcoats cut to 16.5018.00 Overcoats cut to 14.5015.00 Overcoats cut to 1 1.5012.50 Overcoats cut to 9.5010.00 Overcoats cut to T.98MEN'S MACKINAWS$15. 00 Mackinaws cut to $ 1 2.5012.50 Mackinaws cut to 9.5010.00 Mackinaws cut to 7.988.50 Mackinaws cut to 6.9SBOYS' OVERCOATS$12.50 Overcoats cut to $9.4510.00 Overcoats cut to 7.958.50 Overcoats cut to 6.957. 50 Overcoats cut to 5i956.50 Overcoats cut to 4.95. 5.00 Overcoats cut to 3.954 00 Overcoats cut to 2.95BOYS' MACKINAWS$7.50 Mackinaws cut to $5.986 50 Mackinaws cut to 4.985. 00 Mackinaws cut to 3.98CASH-NO APPROVALS!R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.i?X,A9J'i .TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1918.THE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, JKJ;.PJtSOTIH"S.Ciiifc2fafcy4FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEA WAY TO SAVE MONEY.Invest in a suit or an overcoat atpresent prices, A special showingthis week at $20 and $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.INJURED IN ROCK CRUSHER.Harry Current, engineer at thecounty work house, sustained painful injuries Tuesday morning whenhe fell from the big rock crusher.He was taken to his home where hereceived medical attention.CLERKS WANTED.One or more women clerks wanted.Make application by mail only; giveprevious employment, if any; reference if not known. Experience, notnecessary. Personal application willnot be considered.(It) FRANK & CO.m m sSUFFERS BROKEN HIP.Prof. A. Pitt Bedford, formerly ofParis, who taught classes in penmanship here many years ago, fell on theicy pavement at Berry, in Harrisoncount, last week, suffering a brokenhip. Owing to his advanced age,eighty-two years, his relatives andfriends are apprehensive as to theresult of the accident. Prof. Bedford is a brother of Mrs. CarriePryor, formerly of this county, anda cousin of Mr. John C. Bedford, ofParis.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.NOTES FROM SUPERINTENDENTOF SCHOOLS CAYWOOD.NEW KRAUT.We have just opened a new barrelof exceptionally fine sauer kraut.Phone in your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.m m mREPORT OF THE SPEARSASHURST SALE.&At the sale of the stock, crop,farming implements, etc., of Spears&. Ashurst, near Muir, held Saturday, there was a good attendance,and good prices were obtained. Sixteen head of brood sows brought $40to $60 per head; one boar, $55;sheep, from $14 to $19.50 per head;common cows, from $46 to $65;horses, from $80 to $190 per head;.mules, from $150 to $307.50 perhead; shoats, $18 per head; turkeysfor breeding purposes, from $4.50 to$5.50 per head; baled straw, $15 perton; baled hay from $30 to $35 perton. Farming implements sold well,in fact, at much better prices thanusual at such sales.FRESH FISH.On to-day and tomorrow we willhave shipments of fine fish. Allkinds at the right price. Rememberwe dress them free of charge. Phonoin your order.MARGOLBN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.155 F21 )BlALLEGED BOOTLEGGER JAILEDDennie Allen, colored, is in theParis jail, on a charge of havingbeen engaged in the illegal sale ofwhiskey in this city, commonly denominated "bootlegging." The arrestwas made by Chief of Police FredLink.Allen had been under suspicion forsome time of having been engagedin the "bootlegging" business inParis, but no positive proof could befound against him. Chief Link seta trap for his arrest, using ten marked dimes which he gave a "decoy"to use. "When Allen was arrestedthe marked money was found in hispossession, as well as five pints ofwhiskey, which he could not provewas for his personal use. Allen willbe brought before County Judge Bafterton to-day for a hearing.TBI 1B6 PRTAKE YOUR CHOICE.Buy one of our suits now at present prices or pay at least 25 morenext winter.J. W. DAVIS & CO.UKitiAT THE ALAMO AND THE PARISGRAND.Beautiful Pauline Fredeiick is tobe seen in her latest Paramount photoplay, "Madame Jealousy," this atternoon and evening. "MadameJealousy" was written by George V.Hobart, author of "Experience,"'Every Wife" and other allegoricalplays, and was directed by RobertVignola. In it Miss Frederick portrays brooding "Jealousy" and symbolically carries out her part in.breaking up a love affair betweentwo young people, Charm and Valor.Valor is played by handsome Thos.Meighan, who has often appearedwith Miss Frederick, notably in"Sapho," "The Love That Lives,"and others as well.Judge Robert L. Stout, of Versailles, was here last week on legalbusiness.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis hasreturned from a visit to relativesin Richmond.Raymond Connell and FrankSpeakes, attended the dance given inWinchester, Friday night.Mr. and Mrs. Brooks Dodson, ofFrankfort, were guests of Paris relatives from Saturday to Monday.Mr. Aller Aiken has returned tohis home in Winchester after a visitto friends and relatives, in Paris.Mrs. Ernest Martin has returned from a visit of several daysto friends and relatives in Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. John F. Davis returned Sunday from a sojourn inEustis, Florida, with Col. and Mrs. EF. Clay.Mrs. Virgil Chandler, of Greenville, Ohio, is visiting her father,Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, and family,on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havereturned from a brief visit to Mrs.Bacon's mother, Mrs. Henry W.Behrman, in Newport.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, has arrived to be a guest several days of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChampe, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Pearl Mann Taylor andchildren, spent Saturday and Sundayin Cincinnati at the Rand Hotelwith relatives from Dayton, Ohio.William Robert Taylor, of theHotel Fordham, atttended the opening of the International Bowlin?Tournament in Cincinnati, SaturdayMiss Elizabeth Steele, who hasbeen very ill with measles at thehome of her uncle, Mr. J. Hal Woodford, on Winchester street, is improving. Mr. Warren Stoner, formerParisian, came over from Olympia,Friday, and was a guest of friendsin the city and county from Fridayto Sunday.Mrs. Newton Taylor, who hasbeen in the St. Joseph Hospital,Lexington, taking the rest cure, hasreturned to her home near Paris,considerably improved.Mr. Richard Butler, who is nowstationed in the L. & N. dispatcher'soffice at Ravenna, on the L. & E.,was a guest Sunday of his family inthis city, returning Monday.Woodford Sun: "The people ofWoodford extend a hearty welcometo Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Wilson, ofBourbon county, who recently purchased the Hifner farm and movedhere last week.", The Tampa, Fla., social corres-jpondence of Sunday s Courier-Journalhas, among references to Kentucky people in Florida, the following: "Mr. and -Mrs. Duncan Bellwere in the city during the weekfrom Paris, Ivy., en route to St.Petersburg for a short visit. . . .Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Davis, of Paris, Ky.,are among the week's arrivals at St.Petersburg."The Gamma Iota Chapter of theSigma Nu fraternity of State University at Lexington entertainment at the Phoenix Hotel Saturdayafternoon with a tea dance, whichwas one of the most charming socialevents of the season. The ball roomwas attractively decorated withplants, flags and fraternity emblems.The dance was given in celebrationof Founders Day. Among the participants were the following fromParis: Mr. and Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, Mr. and Mrs. JameThompson, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesWebber, Miss Kate .Wilson, MissesMary Kenney Webber, ElizabethBrown, Katherine Wilson; Messrs.Forrest Letton, Newton Taylor, Jr.,Jo. Davis, John Price and DouglasClay.1 la laFOOD ADMINISTRATOR TO URGESTRICTER OBSERVANCE.Mr. John T. Collins, Food Administrator for Bourbon county, attended a "get-together luncheon" of allthe county chairmen in this districtheld at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Saturday. District Food Administrator Wm. E. Simms presided.'Plans for a campaign to have wheat-less and meatless days more rigorously observed by housewives, wereformulated.In vew of the fact that only abouttwenty per cent, of the housewivesin this district are 'observing thestrict letter of the meatless andwheatless days, as urged by the FoodAdministrator, it is proposed to inaugurate a house-to-house canvassin every county in the district thisweek, in an effort to have housewives sign a pledge card to observethe rules laid out on a "kitchencard" which will be presented toeach one.To The Teachers of Bourbon County:The Government is so determinedto have that agricultural surveythat we have been trying to get thatthey have again extended the time toFebruary 26, and we must have itdone by that time. I do not wantto make another appeal to you tocontinue and renew and increaseyour efforts. I do not believe thiswill be necessary. I believe that youwill do it without any word or appeal from me because you understandas well as I do, the needs and opportunities of the great hour when thefortunes of mankind everywhereseem about to be determined. America has the greatest opportunity shehas ever had to make good her ownfreedom, and in making it good tolend a helping hand to men struggling for freedom everywhere.But I do want you to change yourplans and take the time to call upover the telephone all farmers andfarm operators and have them giveyou the information necessary tofill out a blank for them right away,so that I may have the informationby the time stated above.To Trustees of Divisions, Three, Fourand Five:You are requested to meet in myoffice on Saturday, February 23, atthe following hours, to elect chairmen of your respective division1?:Division Three, to meet at 10:00 a.m.; Division Five, to neet at 10:30a. m. ; Division Four, to meet at11:00 a. m.J. B. CAYWOOD,SuperintendentFINE WOODFORD COUNTY FARMAT PUBLIC SALE.See the Paris Realty Co. aboutthat fine 382-acre farm in Woodford county, between Lexington andVersailles, to be sold at public auction on Thursday, February 28. Finetobacco land; lays well; is well improved. (18-3t) PARIS REALTY CO.V J I"PATRIOTIC CARD PARTY" ATMASONIC TEMPLE.The Jemima Johnson Chapter, D.A. R., extends a cordial invitationto the public to attend a'PariotieCard Party" to begiven at MasonicTemple, on Friday, February 22,from 2:00 to 5:30.Bridge and Five Hundred will bethe order of the afternoon. Tablesmay be reserved by applying to Mrs.W. G. Talbott, Cumberland phoneNo. 907, Paris exchange. Refresh -jmentswill be served during the afternoon. An admission fee of fiftycents will be charged. The proceeds of the afternoon's entertainment will be devoted to war reliefwork.The ladies extend a special invitation to the men of Paris and Bourbon county to be present and participate in the pleasures of the afternoon.ErnestineSchumann-HeinkContraltoVivian Martin, the charming Paramount star, who will be seen atthese houses to-morrow in her latestsuccess, the whimsical photoplay,"The Trouble Buster," is becominga fashion plate for all the youngsociety misses throughout the coun-t-wTn "ThP Trouble Buster." hernewest, she wears very ultra-fashionablegowns in the last part of thepicture, while in the first part hercostume is well, we will leave youto see for yourself!FINALCLEARANCE SALEof Our Entire Stock ofLadies' Suits,Coats, DressesSkirts, Furs and MillinerySuits$20.00$25.00$35.00$35.00$45.00$50.00values now $ 1 0.OOvalues now 1 2.50values now 1 5.00values now 1 7.50values now . . . . 22.50values now 25.00Coats$20.00$25.00$30.00$35.00$45.00$50.00values now $10.00values now 1 2.50values now 15,00values now 1 7.50values now 22.50values now 25. OOOur Entire-Stock ofBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYAT HALF PRICEFurs$5.00 values now $ 2.50H0.00 values now 5.00?15.00 values now 7.5020.00 values now 1 0.OO$23.00 values now 1 2,50$30.00 values now 1 5.00SkirtsAll the remainder of our stock ofWomen's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE PRICE for which they formerly sold.Regular $5 to $15 valuesSale Price $2.50 to $7,50HARRY SIMONKfflrtWtttMlPOULTRY BRINGS HIGH PRICESAT PUBLIC SALE.At the public sale of stock, etc.,of D. N. Renaker, held on the homeplace on the Gano Hill pike, in thiscounty, a lot of liens sold for $1.09each. Stock brought the followingprices: Ten head of milk cows, from$70 to $120 per head; twenty headof horses and mules sold from $100to $2.05 per head; hay brought $32per ton. The attendance was goodand the bidding was spirited. Thesale was conducted -by AuctioneerRenaker, of Cynthiana.87282 Just Before the Battle,Mother. Lurcher.Geo. P. Root 10-in. $2.00.With four sonss fighting in United jStates Army, surely Mmme. Schumann-Heinkis the right person tosing "Just Before the Battle, Mother." Her interpretation of this famous old song of Civil War days issomething that goes straight to theheart, because it comes from th2heart. Some 6f the war songs thatwere written in the days of the boysin blue and grey have been laid asideas the need for them perished. Nowthat the war's alarms have soundedonce moie, tney are coming forthfrom their hiding place to heartenthe boys in kahki. Written as theywere, under the wide-sweeping stressof patriotic feeling, they prove asheart-felt and sinceie as ever theywere. "Just Before the Battle,Mother," is by the same composer as"The Battle Cry of Freedom" andsimilar famous songs. To hearSchumann-Heink sing it is to realizethat in this simple melody and vereare unususpected depths of emotionalfeeling.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Ml ainCOMETo Our February and MarchBIG CASH SALE!This sale comes right at the very time you needFurniture, Rugs, Mattingsand other Housef urnishings.I article you save twenty cents.i equal it.IEvery time youCan you beatbuy a dollarit? No, normr m?Big Cash Sale Price ofMaple RocKerThis$3.98Our Whole Stock IsIn This Big Cash Sale !Just Take 20 Per Cent Of fthe regular price of anything you findin our stock and you know our stockis as good as you can find.See the Queen Anne Solid WalnutDining Room Suite in Our WindowCome to this Sale! We Save You Money!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING1 "EITHERPHONE" 36mhwwwhhwwpwmiSIXTH AND MAIN STS.3i r-"VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.BlGElSH:TUESDAY, FEBRUARY IS, ISIS,tJJ"iTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.! At Bourbon WarehouseI Friday, Feb. 15.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.Company sold 268,985 pounds of tobacco Friday for $78,041.50 anaverage of $29.01 per hundred'pounds. The quality of the offeringsrwas medium and the market xemained strong, quality considered. Thefollowing crop averages were reported: Woodford & Kerr sold 1,460.pounds of tobacco for an average of'$47. 14 per hundred pounds.-. Rash & Harney sold 4,340 poundsfor an average of $33.81., ' Gilkey & King sold 4,830 pounds.for an average of $38.11.Simms & Witt sold 3,555 poundsfor an average of $37.01.Clay Bros., sold 6,125 pounds foran average of $33.56. i(OFBryan & Sheppard sold 4,685pounds for an average of $32.95.' Craycraft & Pence sold 4,330pounds for an average of $30.45."Houston & Jones sold 3,270 poundsfor an average of $34.29.Reffett & Day sold 2,205 poundsfor an average of $35.22.Carr & Shaw sold 8,145 pounds for. an average of $32.09.Mason & Howard sold 3,025 poundsfor an average of $33.32.Daniel Dawson sold 2,040 'poundsfor an average of $37.35.Grimes & Wagoner sold 3,155pounds for an average of $35.41.Marr & Humphrey sold 4,430pounds for an average of $38.07.Soper & Wasson sold 4,650 poundsfor an average of $39.61.Stanhope Weidemann sold 4,035', pounds for an average of $39.77.Soper & Hanley sold 3,080 pounds. for an average of $35.61.Current & Carrier sold 3,530pounds for an average of $31.41.. Marston & Lantern sold 2,510pounds for an average of $40.75.Layson & Riggs sold 3,725 poundsfor an average of $43.49.At a meeting of the TobaccoEoard of Trade it was decided to continue sales as heretofore, four (4)days a week only, believing in thisway a congestion can be preventedand work greatly to the "interest ofevery seller of tobacco on this market. Sales will be resumed, therefore,this morning at nine o'clock, at theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company's Paris Warehouse.DREADFUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often followedby a rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., writes:"About two years ago my little boyJean caught a severe cold andcoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda number of cough medicines butnothing did him any good until Igave him Chamberlain's Cough-Remedy. It relieved his cough rightaway and before he had finishedtaking one bottle he was cured. Ithink it is just fine for children."(adv-feb)rINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyTotal Sales For December 440,005 .PoundsAverage, $27.83Sale of February 7th, 83,760 PoundsAverage, $31.74We Invite Comparison.DAILY SALESM& eTi.Jtr.MThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.BOURBON BANKS CAREY -$218,000 INDEBTEDNESSCERTIFICATES.The four Paris banks and the banksin the county outside of Paris1 havesubscribed for a total of $218,000worth of the U. S. Certificates of Indebtedness which is in line with theproject of Secretary of the U. S.Treasury McAdoo to raise$3,000,000,000 in advance of thethird Liberty koan, for$6,000,000,000, which willprobablybe launched in April.The banks throughout the country,including both State and NationalBanks, have been urged by SecretaryMcAdoo to reserve each week out oftheir loanable funds, for the use ofthe U S. Government, about 1 percent, of their gross resources not toexceed in the aggregate 10 per cent.,and to invest that amount in Treasury Certificates of Indebtedness.The huge funds thus gathered toGovernment account will not pile upin the Treasury, but will remainlargely in banks designated as Government depositaries, subject to draftby the Treasury. In this way, the$3,000,000,000 can be acumulatedready for use as need for big warexpenses, now more thansi nnn nnn Ann -month, withoutgreat disturbance of the bankingbusiness.The Bourbon County banks certainly have shown their liberality andinclination to assist the U. S. Government in financing the great war notonly by their recent subscriptions forthe $218,000 worth of Treasury Certificates of Indebtedness, but allhave previously purchased liberally ofthe first and second issues of the U.S. 'Liberty Bonds.The Bourbon County Banks havesubscribed as follows to the recentcall of Secretary McAdoo for Treasury Certificates of Indebtedness:Paris BanksPeoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company $ 100,000Bourbon-Agricultural Bank& Trust Co 40,000First National Bank 20,000Farmers & Traders Bank. 2,000Millersburg BanksFarmers Bank of Millersburg 20,000Exchange Bank of Millersburg 15,000North Middletown BankDeposit Bank of NortkMiddletown 20,000Clintonvilfe BikFarmers Bank of Clinton-villeThese U. S. Certificates of Indebtedness will be available for paymenton account of the next liberty loan,which according to the best opinionin New York is to aggregate about$6,000,000,000.The new financing which is now beginning, and whose technical featurescannot be readily understood by thepublic, but only by bankers, will continue until the end of the fiscal year.It compels those who are undertakingthis work to think, as the saying is,in seven figures. -The aggregate isto be billions instead of millions. We. are to raise within a few months moremoney by several billions than theaggregate debt of the United States(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYWILL BEH ELDExcept Saturdays(Incorporated,)PARIS, KENTUCKYAND NOW THEY ARC COOKINGTOBACCO TO MAKE IT BETTERFor a good many years The AmericanTobacco Company have been conducting aseries of experiments having as theirobject the improvement of smokingtobaccosAnd it is interesting to know that oneof the greatest of their discoveries Was oneof the simplest; and that was, thai cookingor toasting tobacco improved it in everyway, just as cooking most foods improvesthem.They took a real Burley tobacco, grownin this country; toasted it as you wouldtoast bread; moistened it to replace thenatural moisture driven off by toasting;made it into cigarettes, called themXUCKY STRIKE, the toasted cigarette,"and offered them to the publicTheresult has been the greatest demandever created for any tobacco product in asimilar length of time.The change produced byitoasting is notonly most wholesome, but the flavor isgreatly improved, just as cooking improvesmeat, for example.at the close of the Civil War. In alittle over a year the Government willhave borrowed from the people atleast $12,000,000,000.In early September of 1914 we hadthe first 'illustration of the readinessand capacity of the American banksto co-operate on a great scale. Theyunited, in proporation to their resources, so that they were able tofurnish a Hundred millions in goldwithin a few days. This co-operationwas the first of the many greatachievements in financing since 1914.It has been a remark commonlymade by some of those who havestudied our financial needs and whohave looked into various propositionswhich have been made with intent toreach the best methods of securingthe billions which the Governmentneeds, that Secretary McAdoo mustdepend, at first at least, in greatmeasure upon the banks of the UnitedStates for success in floating his loan.The American banks will serve as theright hand of the Secretary.They will, in addition to the workdone by voluntary organizations,gradually but surely pass from theirown control into the hands of thepublic the third liberty bonds. It isalmost inconceivable that, within thetime fixed by Secretary McAdoo forthe floating of the third loan, presumably to be $6,000,000,000, thisshould be absorbed by the Americanpeople as easily and as speedily as thesecond liberty loan was absorbed.Therefore the banks must help.There is grave doubt about theability of the great industrial corporations to subscribe to the thirdloan as heavily as they did to. thesecond and to the first. Therearerumors that some of these corporations will find it impossible to makeany subscriptions. Their expenseshave increased and their taxes are1 i -" a, '-Timr-'7t' J'""VfWTWftaSMUkl.MWr,w....J,, ,-... .-now so enormous, is to leave TffiQeavailable surplus in some cases, whichcould be drawn 'upon for subscrin-uons to Hie xmro-ioan.Therefore, Secretary McAdoo hasapparently adopted a, reasonable andfinancially sound expedient of summoning into co-operation all of theAmerican banks, at least all of thenational banks, and as many of thestate chartered institutions as possible, so that' gradually, at intervalsof two weeks, funds may be securedrepresented by treasury certificates,these certificates in turn being available for payment on account of theliberty ldan.Ujtimately the-great bulk of thethird liberty laon- will undoubtedlypass into the possession of the American people.. The situation as it presents itself to .Secretary McAdoo nowhas suggested a thought voiced bymany of the bankers', which is that inorder to 'float successfully the nextloan and others iwhich ivill succeedit if the war be continued, it is vitalthat industry of all kinds be speededup to the highest productive capacity,for there is to be profitable marketf or the production of commodities ofaJl kinds, and it is through the returnswhich the marketing of these commodities make possible that funds willbe secured which may, be loaned tothe Government.a Pne item of which Secretary McAdoo is believed to have taken dueheed is the new wealth which thecountry has secured through thecrops and meat products of 1917.The official estimate of the moneyvalue of these agricultural productsfixes the amount at approximately$20,000,000,000, and this is all newwealth. It will serve greatly to aidthe Government in floating the nextissue of liberty bonds and suchfurther issue as in the presentcalendar year Secretary McAdoo mayfind it necessary to offer.Definition of a Gentleman.A man that is clean inside and out,who neither looks un to thr rirh nnrdown on the poor; who can lose with-Iouc squealing, and can win withoutbragging; who is considerate of women, children and old people; who is toobrave to He, too generous to cheat,and lets other people liave theirs.Exchange.GETTING RID OF COLDS.The easiest and quickest way toget rid of a cold is to take Chamberlain's Couerh Remedv. Thispreparation has been in use formany years and its value fullyproven. No matter what remedyyou use, however, care must betaken not to contract a second coldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerof this. A man of middle age orolder should go to bed and stay inbed until fully recovered. It 13better to stay in bed three days atthe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)The BourbonTobacco Warehouse CoHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobacco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter of Land, forAn Average of $49.62Prices by baskets follow 175 lbs. 38c; 105 lbs. 40c; 125 lbs. 49c; 90 lbs. 55c;95 lbs. 50c; 170 lbs. 57c; 80 lbs. 55c, 90 lbs. 66c; 170 lbs. 51c; 165 lbs. 55c;55 lbs, 75c; 20 lbs. 58c; 75 lbs. 47c; 80 lbs. 44c; 125 lbs. 36c; 90 lbs. 30c. A largeper cent, of this crop was purchased by the American Tobacco Company.Some Other Good AverageSale WereBuckley, Leer & Ransdale..Haskins & SonGraves & WagonerConneli & HerringtonHehr & ThomasArdery & DoyleBurke, Brent & MinkBryan & BeattyBishop & CraycraftRoberts & Maher Bros.BourbonTobaceoWarebou&eCo.Holds Beside the Crop Record, the Market Record for Parishaving sold 2,825,095 pounds of tobacco for an averageof $27,55-and this average was also above the average ofany market in Kentucky.minnKTpjranTiwrWfUySSt' ' ". 'S.toRVICIiDespite all ofthe efforts made bytheir" 'crews' to ren'der thei -useless,nearly a hundred formerly internedGerman shipB are now flying theStars and Stripee in, tie service ofthe United States navy, says theMarch Popular Mechanics Magazine.It develops that although the Hunswere convinced their vandalismmade our use of the boats impossible,the navy has not only managed torepair all of them, but has done thework so skillfully that in no .case hasfailure or weakness since developed.Fire extinguishers were filled withgasoline, incendiary preparationsL. & N. TIME TABLE1Effective, Smnday, June 17,t1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL' Atlanta, daily 5:2$ amIf Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:31 aetl't Maysville,. daily except Sunday,. . ..--.. ,... 7:38 am4 Lexington dally except Sunday. . - ' , ..7:4 mmW Cincinnati O., daily ...., 10:05 an12 Lexington, daily '... 10:07 sun33 Chicago, daily ' .'.'.... ..10:20 am9 Maysvllle, Daily Except Sunday 5:40 am138 Lexington, Daily ' 3.10 an38 Knoxvffle, Tenn., Daily 3:15 mm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:45 pm13 Lexington Daily lw.23 9 x81 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:30 m210 Lexington, Sunday only .- 12:30 ma209 Maysville, Sunday only . .'. . . . . .. 5:40 ymTRAINS FOR LEAVBNo. ""34 Cincinnati, daily 2:25 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am17 Lexington daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday. 7:45 am13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 10:28 aai87 Knoxville, daily ' 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:25 am129 Lexington, daily " 3:25 fm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:25 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Dally except Sunday t:Mpn16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pm32 Chicago, dally 6:50 p131 Lexington, Daily 10:37 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:38 pm210 Maysville, Sunday enly 12:35 pm209 Lexington, Sunday only ! ..4:47 piawdb2- tx:m:e-Tjji3i:NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. niTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday. 8:2fr a. m.I Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundar. - 5:25 p. rn.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY:..-.! ...2530 pounds,3990 pounds,1830 pounds,4315 pounds,1255 pounds,3345 pounds,.7730 pounds,,. . 341 0 pounds,.'. 1820 pounds,..! I : 2295 pounds,made, and gauges reversed. Steampipes were plugged by diajoimtimgthem driving in slugs of solid braa,and then concealing the work be rernewing the connections.Great Britain Inland Waterways,Taking the canals ofTJEnjIandmitWales altogether, there are 2,877 lockfor 3,800 miles of waterways.Furthermore, as long as a gallonof gasoline sells for the price of aThrift Stamp some motorists irillsave nothing.Another reason why Satan was aserpent is because he made Eve believe she ought not to Hooverize.On Thisaverage.,average,average,averageaverage,average,average,averageaverageaverage$40.0535.0535.1735.11. 37.38. 34.39. 34.76- 34.79. 33.58- 33.09i1MlsAi"""""memmmmmmW qw" i n . . n. .iTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, ltl8,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TPACT SEfBTMM .1111RGETTBLE JOHHSOBTSonrclhiBg rat-like in. tne nasn ortke little old man's eyes caught myattention as Bronson spoke to himshortly, in passing."Who's your friend?" I asked him,ia the vernacular."Him?" shrugging disdainfully"Oh, that's Unforgettable Johnson.'"It's a queer story; but to thepoint," he went on in answer to mylook of question. "Of course that'sa nickname, but it will stick to himlong after he is dead and gone. Hisreal name is just as odd. UnitedForever Johnson they christenedhim, in the confidence of a patrioticfamily pride. Ever since an ancestor wan renown in the Revolutionary War there has been one UnitedForever Johnson in each generation.It was honoring the patriotic whimof a family idol."But here's the story. Ted Sample came home from college, on hi3way to a training camp, in the midstof a Liberty Loan campaign. Hestayed long enough to set a saleslimit that hasn't yet been surpassed.Then he went on, eventually toFrance. After six months at thefront and another six months in anEnglish hospital he came home, finished so far as soldiering was concerned. "He had been struck by a bit ofshrapnel and his memory was gone.All his life, up to the moment of hisregaining consciousness, was an utter blank. He didn't even recognizehis folks, and everything wasstrange. For three months hesimply wandered around getting acquainted again. It was pitiable."One day he met Johnson. Johnson, by the way, is wealthy; inherited it from a family that has alwaysstood high in this section. ButJohnson, personally, was a flareback;loyally and patriotically he was ablacksheep. And a miser."You don't remember me, I reckon,Teddy?" he asked."Then came the miracle. TedSample roared out one of his oldtime laughs, and in it was a notethat bespoke a complete come-back.'Remember you? You parsimonious,tight-fisted old skinflint, you bet Ido! I'd remember you in the mid-A CHILI) EAT3S OIL,' -LIVER Am) BOWELSGive "California Syrup of Tigs" IfCross, Sick, Feverish,Constipated.Look back at your childhood days.Remember the "dose" mother insisted on castor oil, calomel, cathartics. How you hated them, how youfought against taking them.With our children it's different.Mothers who cling to the old form ofphysic simply don't realize whatthey do. The children's revolt iswell-founded. Their tender little"insides" are injured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs."Its action is positive, but gentle.Millions of mothers keep this harmless "fruit laxative" handy; theyknow children love to take it; thatit never fails to clean the liver an Ibowels and sweeten the stomach, andthat a teaspoonful given to-day savesa sick child to-morrow.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-up3plainly printed on each bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Seethat it is made by "California FigSyrup Company." Refuse any otherkind with contempt. (adv)in-rim-p nmiic I milniRnin m vr i luuaFOR MEMBERSdie kettle of Hades. You're Unforgettable Johnson, the only man in allthis county who woulln't buy a Liberty Bond!'"Losses in Battle.In the campaign in Itnly in 1859rifles vere used on both sides, and theproportion of casualties to combatantswas at Magenta and Solferino oneeleventh. In the Franco-Prussian war,when both sides were armed withbreech-loading rifles, the average proportion of killed and wounded atWorth, Spichercn, Mars-le-Tour, Gravelotte, and Sedan was one-ninth, theheaviest loss being at Mars-le-Tour,where it was one-sixth, and the smallest at Sedan, where it was one-twelfth.15.000.00tMessagesWtP11916WRIf 171913PEACEYlM'iM'WMMM'iWMYlM'ipWltT''l)llj,I''''VI'li'l'l'I''llM'LHflg JULY AUG. SEP. OCt MM OQC. JUL Ftt. MAR fc m"SV .IkJgw0HOT Top carra shovt tkloa distaaov trsfia- 4ng IX Bontka ofw&r.Jjawtr enrre shows saaoa txaCa toxin32 so&tfe ot peso.ftHigh Tide In TelephoneTrafficThis chart shows the extraordinary growth oflong distance traffic on the Bell system under warconditions. Hie difficulties in keeping pace withsucti demands may be appreciated when it. is understood that the cost of material entering intothe manufacture of telephone equipment has practically doubled, in addition to the abnormal increase in the price of labor and the shortage ofboth labor and material with which to add to ourfacilities.Upon the declaration of war, the Bell system pledged its entire service unreservedly to thegovernment. The demand from- that source isalready great and is increasing hourly; moreover the extraordinary increase in telephone traffic due to the unprecedented commercial and industrial activity incident to the war is also makingitself felt.The problem before us is a serious one and werealize the service may probably be slowed downduring the coming months. We want you alsoto understand the situation and to know that the' extent of their ability, but under difficulties forwmcn mere is no immediate remeay auu wiuuuyou cannot realize without visiting the operatingroom.We ask that you co-operate with" us by observing patience and care in the use of the telephoneand by eliminating useless and frivolous calls.LCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedA MAN AND HIS WIFESffllillAmerican Red Cross LaunchesCampaign for 15,000,000Enrollments by Christmas Eve.LEVY, THECumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings ua.DRY CLEANERHome Phone 1692"Every American Home a Red CrossHome."Three hundred and forty-five chapters In the Lake Division, AmericanRed Cross, embracing Ohio, Indianaand Kentucky, Monday, Dec. 17, begina Christmas Membership Drive tomake this slogan a reality by Christmas Eve. These three states havebeen given quotas aggregating 1,600,000 members. The objective for theentire United States is 15,000,000.Differing altogether from recent patriotic campaigns, the ChristmasMembership Drive is a campaign forpeople rather than for, money. Although the principal memberships tobe sought are the $1 and $2 classes,the real purpose behind the drive isto enroll a huge civilian army to spurthe morale of our soldiers by pledgingto the cause the hearts and minds of15,000,000 Americans back home.William .Ganson Rose of Clevelandis directing the drive in these threestates for James H. Garfield, formersecretary of the interior and now manager of the Lake Division. Mr. Roseis giving his services to the Red Crosswithout compensation and has gathered a staff of associates, all prominent In commercial and advertisinglife. They, too, are giving their timeand experience to the Red Cross without remuneration.House to House Canvass.A house to house canvass will beinstituted in every city, town, villageand hamlet. Booths will be erectedeverywhere. Factories and businesshouses will be invaded by canvassers.Flying squadrons will brave bad roadsand get into the rural districts. Everyone will have the opportunity "to helpbind wounds of our fighters so thatevery possible drop of American bloodmay be saved to establish world democracy." Present members will not be askedto enroll again, but they will be giventhe opportunity to waive the unexpired portion of their membershipsand sign up anew for the calendaryear of 1918.To every member will go a RedCross service flag. The flag has a blueborder and a white field. In the center Is a Red Cross, indicating that onemember of the household, where theflag hangs, belongs to the Red Cross.For each additional member in thehousehold a Red Cross sticker will begiven to be fastened in the flag'swhite field. If every member ot thehousehold joins, a white star will befurnished for pasting upon the flag'scentral cross."The legion of workers required toenlist this great civilian army will exceed any similar force," says DriveDirector Rose. "The amount of publicity of various types used will surpass that of any previous campaign.The purposes of the drive are morecomprehensive and far-reaching thanthose of the earlier campaigns sincethe inception of the war."Success means driving home toGermany the fact that the Americanpeople are standing firmly behind theAmerican government in the presentsituation. It means inspiration to oursoldiers. It means practical aid onthe battlefield. It means uniting thespirit . of Christmas with the RedCross. It means a tremendous drivetoward victory."SUPPLYING ARMS AND LEGS.French mutiles (wounded soldierswho have lost either arms or legs)gather daily at the various AmericanRed Cross headquarters in France,seeking assistance in securing artificial arms or legs. The ones suppliedby the Red Cross are the most practical to be obtained.So great has been the demand forthis sort of assistance that the RedCross is now constructing near Parisan artificial limb factory. Also in thesame locality there are being erectedplants for the manufacture of splintsand of nitrous oxide, the latter highlyimportant in surgical operations.FIRST AID TO ROUMAN1A.Sawdust was being used to dresswounds in Roumania when a specialRed Cross commission reached thatcountry. Upon recommendation of.this , commission, medicines, surgicalInstruments, hospital supplies, bandaes, bed linen, collodion, wax paperand iodine were shipped to Roumaniaby the American Red Cross. Latersuffering became so acute in this unfortunate country that the AmericanRed Cross War Council appropriated11,518,000 for further relief.ALWAYS READY FOR ACTION.With all its war relief work, theAmerican Red Cross is never caughtunprepared for disaster or civilian relief work. This is illustrated by thefact that relief has' been furnished insixty-four disasters thus far in 1917,exclusive of the help now being givento the sufferers in the Halifax calamity. A notable example was that ofthe month of October when help and$125,000 was supplied by the American Red Cross to the 400,000 floodpeople made destitute In the flood atTien-tsin, China. - ;LlifiSAYS SHE FEELSFINEAGAIN NOWHad Headaches and Felt Weak,But It's Different SinceTanlac Game.;..in;IGEO. W. DAVFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KLike lots of other women, Mrs.Almeda Williams, 649 Brook street,Louisville, used to have sick headaches and felt bad. Since she triedTanlac though, she says she is feeling fine again."I felt weak all over and wasbothered a great deal with nervousness," said Mrs. Williams."I couldn't sleep soundly at nightand would sometimes wake up witha jump that would start my heartjeating like a hammer."I didn't have any appetite andeverything I ate made me feel distressed. My face had a yellowishcolor and I often was botheredwith sick headaches."Tanlac has brought back my ap-'petite and has fixed up my stomachso that I can eat anything I wantwithout any bad effects afterward."My nerves are back in good shapenow, too, and I can sleep soundlyevery night."Tanlac surely is all that is claimed and I recommend it."If you are not feeling .right getTanlac to-day. You can get Tanlac at G. S, Varden & Son's-drugstore. (febl9-22)GOVERNMENT DESIRES DAIRYCOWS ON EVERY FARMTo have dairy cows as a part ofthe equipment on every farm, enabling tenants to become self-supporting throughout the year and at themme time maintain desirable soil2onditions, is a plan recommendedy the Bureau of Animal rndustfy,United Sates Department of Agrisulture, among the landowners of theSouth. The plan is accompaniedwith an active campaign for feedproduction; as a result a market increase in the acreage of legumes,particularly velvet beans and peanuts, has been shown.Every effort is being made byfield men of the department to aidin bringing in a sufficient supply ofgood cows to establish dairying andto fix the type of good cows in theminds of the farmers. The readinessof bankers to help finance the purchase of dairy cattle is' an indicationof How well established the industryhas become through co-operationand State work.m mSTOMACH ACTS FINE!NO INDIGESTION, GAS,HEARTBURN, ACIDITY"Pape's Diapepsin" Fixes Sick,Sour, IJpset Stomachs InFive Minutes.You don't want a slow remedywhen your stomach is bad or an uncertain one or a harmful oneyour stomach is too valuable; youmustn't injure it with drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain, unfailing action in-egulating sick, sour, gassy stomachs. Its quick relief in indigestion,lyspepsia and gastritis, when causedy acidity, has made it famous theworld over.Keep this wonderful stomachweetener in your home keep Stlandy get a. large fifty-cent caserom any drug store and they if anyone should eat something which doeslot agree with them; if what theyat lays like lead, ferments and sour?,nd forms gas; causes headache, diziness an,d nausea; eructations ofcid and undigested food remember as soon as Pape's Diapepsinomes in contact with the stomach"t helps to neutralize the excessiveicidity, then all the stomach distressmused by it disappears. Its promptness, certainty and ease in overcoming such stomach disorders is a revelation to those who try it. (adv)sLXaKJWNOW IS THE TIMETO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingAND.i,J-n4'MIh!PaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANE BROSThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personfyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to te sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directorynot trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, "correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone ft Telegraph Co.J. J. VEATCftDistrict Hanager.(Incorporated)nW. H. CANHOir,LtetlJUnager.CAHAL BROSBARBER 8H0PPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Professional Cards.WM. GRANNANAtioraeyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING?SVCvvin Bros. Department StoreSeventh ana main $t$.Paris, KentuckyHere We Are!Just What You Have Been Waiting Fora Good While.Ladies' HatsAll Good98cTo close them out. Plenty to choosefrom. All of them so at thisMS offering.BUY A THRIFT STAMP!vziDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK, BUILDING.PHONE 131. .,The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streeti mmmmmimmKKa 4r3Z U! Satisfaction is OwrWatchwordWith all the latest im- .proyements in laundry ;appliances and experthelpers we are prepared-.& 'Jn A to, do work inferior topatronage. 'rirBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky. 1llUmilHIMHIIIIIHmHIHIHIHIIHIIIIIIIIIIIt"mp!.jy--- -'"f-r fr'-Nivit J-at4PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FKBRTTAEY IS, 1I1S.MMHHIIII 4 IH "M4-M 4 ! -W 1 U 4 i I HfcSf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOEMTuesday February 19thTOwing to "Fuelless Days" Being OverWe Will Show"Vengeance and the Woman"On Tuesdays Again.TO-DAY-"BURIED ALIVE"is the title of the ninth episode.Also Adolph Zukor PresentsPauline Frederickin "Madame Jealousy"By George V. Hobart. A unique theme,grippingly presented. Paramount picture.Wednesday, February 20thPallas Picture CorporationPresentsVIVIAN MARTINin"The Trouble Buster"From the story by Gardner Hunting andTom Forman.Also Bray's Famous Picto-graphs and a KleverKomedy PictureA GOOD BILL!, Thursday, February 21stMADGE KENNEDY(and Her Eyes and Her Smile)IN"Nearly Married"This is one of Goldwyn's big features.IN ADDITION:Animated Weekly Newsand ,Hy. Mayer's Famous Cartoons I The J. T. Hinton Go.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainancSictfiStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Might s . . 56or Home 286HHEE5S3ra8SHSnr,iai"ll!"9liA4Motor equipment." Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.'t.1 414 I'M1 t'i'tf'u i4'4',I''IliI''I'4''l'4''I''I''r',C''I"l"I"I"'I''I'4i'I'4''I'4i4iiliili'4''l''I'4';MILLERSBURG-.' Mrs. W. G. Dailey was quite illa few days the past week.1 Col. C. M. Best was in Cincinnati on business from Saturday until Monday.Mrs. Bayles DeBell, of Ewing,arrived Saturday as the guest of h,r-daughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell.Mrs. Thomas Gilmore, St., who'underwent an operation at St.3osep4i Hospital, Lexington, lastweek, is improving -nicely.Dr. Hunt, of the First Presbyterian Church, of Covington, conducted services for Rev. A. S. Ven-able last Wednesday evening.Mrs. E. S. Barton and little son,Master James Earl Barton, aregreeted by a large audience and werewell received. They rendered agood program and were the recipients of several encores. A nice sumwas raised, which was given to theY. M. C. A., at Camp Zachary Taylor, of Louisville.The Millersburg Coal & LumberCo. sold to Georgia parties an extrafancy pair of five-year-old horsomules, weighing 2,800 pounds, forwhich the purchasers paid $600.The five-year-old daughter ofMr. Arthur Fight, of this place, hada narrow escape from death Sundayafternoon, when she was struck byan automobile. The little girl wascrossing the Maysville pike near thehome of Mr. R. L. Wilson by Mr.Feeback, ran her down. The littlegirl was thrown underneath the machine, " fortunately escaping with afew bruises. She was rendered unconscious by the shock. Mr. ClarenceWasson, who was gassing in his maguests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Overly, at Flemingsburg.' Mrs. J. B. Cray, Mrs. J. Clark i chine at the time, took the little girlLeer and little son, Master J. Clark i to the Wilson home, where a physi-sician was summoned, and her injuries attended to.Leer, Jr., left Saturday for a fevrdays visit to Mrs. W. S. Judy, at Lexington.. Regular .meeting of Amity , THOUSANDS OF ALIEN ENEMIESLodge No, 4a, F. and A. M.,Tues- J?tfL TO ENEOLL.day, at seven-thirty p. m. Third! "degree work. All members urged! Thousands of unnaturalized Ger-to be present. - (15-2t) I mans failed to enroll themselves withPricesAt the AlamoChildren 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.Mr. J. W. Mock, of Ashland, ar- Police or' postmasters during the regrived to attend the funeral of his ' istration period which closed Wedaunt, Miss Louise Mock, at Huddles ' nesday and are subject to intern -Mills,after which he was a guest of ment, it was shown by preliminaryfriends here until Monday. (reports on the registration reachingthe Department of Justice, united-Regular meeting of AmitvStates Marshals and attorneys nowme-nts will be served,urged to be present.T,nr1rA nf TT and A M "Mri. 40 at.... . mi.- j -r-k are engaged in a careful study ofseven-thirty p. m. to-day. Third De-., . f ,. , ",.i -u- -u e i i the registration rolls, and within agree work on. After which refresh- b. "" ; ' v . "All member weeK wm unaeriase action agambti those who failed to report as or' dered.Cadet Glover Kyle, Jr., a stu-jdent at the Millersburg Military In-; crrniwcD A-D-DTonvp-nstitiute has been taken to his homej SHOOTER ARRESTED.at Harrodsburg threatened wit an Patrolman g;M. Hill arrestedattack of typhoid fever. He was ac- H Blackburn, colored, Sunday,companied by Major Best and a phy- charged with shooting at without5cian- I wounding Ernest Paget, a whiteThe Annual Junior reception of ( man The shooting took place in W.1L M. I. will be held Friday from q. Butler's livery stable on "Main St.,ggbt to" eleven p. m. in the mainjSunday morning. The men became- EPinS of M- M- L A larSe um-j involved in an argument and hot" er of unique invitations have been j words following Blackburn drew aissued in keeping with the times. A ; revolver, and fired one shot atsilver offering will be taken for the Paget, the bullet passing throughTRed Cross chapter. the lapei 0f his coat, but doing noj The Transylvania Glee Club ' injury. He will be given a hearinggave a concert at the M. C. Audi- to-day before County Judge Batter-torium, Friday evening. They were ton.Ui ttS ffil 9M flS 9MS9mffMvfjM fMMM VM ?)M 'Ml 9M. fJM 9ViVV f7M MYl M f A 91 1Jor fashionableaorresponaenceYour friends judge you by the style of stationery youuse.Your letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressed according to fashion's latest dictates.If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be sure tosee ourvfew Spring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in shape, tint andtexture.Come in and see the line while it is complete. Theattractive numbers in our window show only a small partof the extensive line we now have in stock.TELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAINISTREETPARIS, KENTUCKY'DEATHS.STOUT.The funeral of Mr. Leer Stout,one of the best-known restauranteursin this section of the State, whodied at his home on Seventh street,in this city, Saturday morning aftera long illness of kidney and hearttrouble, was held 'Sunday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock at the grave in theParis Cemetery, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. Theburial followed on' the family lot.The pall-bearers were the following personal friends of the deceased.Earl Griffith, Embry Downey, LoganHoward, Swift Champ, Dr. J. A. Orrand Anderson Cahal.Mr. Stout was a- native of Paris,where he was born forty-four yearsago. He was a son of the late Mr.and Mrs. Arch S. Stout, his fatherbeing a veteran of the Civil War,and having been engaged in business in this city for many years. Hisfame as a caterer extended to alllines of commercial activity throughout this section. He was especiallypopular with the traveling men whocame to Paris. Mr. Stout is survived by his widow, who was formerly Miss Cannie Grimes, of thiscity; one brother, Mr. Harry Stout,of Lexington, and one sister, MrsOllie P. Carter, of this city.JOHNSON.The funeral of Mr. CharlesJohnson, aged twenty-seven, a youngfarmer of the Little Rock vicinity,was held at the family residenceyesterday morning at ten o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.A. Wolfe, of Elizaville. The interment followed in the North Middletown Cemetery, where a short service was held. Mr. Johnson had beenill for several weeks with typhoidfever, and at one time his physicianswere hopeful of his recovery. He jtesurvived by his widow, who was formerly Miss Lizzie Gill, of North Middletown, and one little daughter.im fa m jlHANNIWALT. ,Dr. David C. Hanniwalt, agedforty-six, who was in Paris and Bourbon county last summer as a representative of the United States Bureau of Animal Industry, died athis home in Louisville several daysago. While here Dr. Hanniwaltassisted County Live Stock InspectorH. M. Hamilton, in investigating hogcholera cases in the county. Afterhe returned to Louisville he becameidentified with the Louisville branchof the U. S. Animal Industry Department.married in Winchester a few daysago. Both formerly resided in thiscounty, the bridegroom having beenengaged in farming near North Middletown, while the bride had madeher home with her aunt, Mrs. WillieStewart, near North Middletown.RELIGIOUS.BIRTHS.Near Little Rock, this county,to the wife of Mr. Roger Crouch, adaughter. Mother and child doingwell.In Wibeaux, Montana, to thewife of Mr. Henry Veatch, a son,first born. The mother was formerlyMiss Grace Brown, who resided formany years at North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle ar3busy receiving and acknowledgingcongratulations upon the arrival ofMiss Edna Garret Lytle, at theirhome. Young Miss Lytle arrived Saturday night as a welcome guest tobrighten the Lytle home. Themother was formerly Miss Rachel"Mansfield, of Paris. The young,lady bears the name of her greataunt, Mrs. Brooks Dodson, of Frankfort, who was Miss Edna Lytle, ofParis.m aiGoldman and Berkman ask a rehearing of their case. The only justifiable ground we could think of isthat the penalty was entirely toolight for the evidence.Plans are under way for theplacing of a Sunday School missionary in the field for the Synod ofKentucky of the Southern Presbyterian church as soon as the arrangements of his support can be made.He will work under the direction ofthe Sabbath School and Home Mission Committees of the Synod andwill give his whole time to SundaySchool work throughout the State.The Presbytery of West Lexington, of the Southern Presbyterianchurch, will hold a Deacons' Conference in the Maxwell Street Presbyterian church, of. Lexington, onthe evening of February 20. In addition to the deacons of the Presbytery, all the pastors and elders willalso be in attendance as guests.Judge Godson, of Midway, Ky., president of the organization, will preside. The afternoon preceding theconference will be given over to ameeting of the Systematic Beneficence Committee of the Presbytery.At this meeting the chairman of thecommittee, the Rev. C. F. Moore, ofCynthlana, will preside.Vanilla, the active principle whichmake' vanilla ice cream so popular,has been found to occur in the rootaof oats and the leaves and roots of a-number of plants.MAEGOLEN'SHome - KilledMeatsFresh FishReceived DailyDressed to OrderFree uf Charge !MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketCHAPMAN.Miss Beatrice Chapman, agedtwenty-one, daughter of Prof. GeoW. Chapman, formerly Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools, diedin Tupelo, Miss., recently. The in-1terment took place in the Tupelo 'Cemetery. Miss Chapman was anattractive young woman, who mademany friends during her residencein Paris.15S Q Ml'MATRIMONIAL.DASHER BARNES.Mr. and Mrs. S. F. Dasher, ofMacon, Ga., announce the engagement of their daughter, MayTjelle, toMr. F. H. Barnes, of Millersburg.The wedding will take place in thedrawing room of the MillersburgCollege, Saturday afternoon, onMarch 2, at 4:30 o'clock.HELBURN PRICE.The engagement has been announced of Miss Esther Kahn Helburn, daughter of Mrs. I. B. Helburn, of Eminence, and Mr. Lawrence Price, son of Mr. and Mrs.Isaac L. Price, of Paris. No datehas been set for the wedding. MissHelburn has been a frequent visitorin Paris, and has many friends herewho will be interested in the new3of her engagemnt.ALDRICH VEACH.Miss Tilla May Aldrich andMr. Arthur Lee Veach, both of Win-I Chester, secured license and were.JFINALtiClearance Sale!ALL WINTER SHOES MUST GOIn spite of the high prices prevailing in shoedom, we are compelled to make aGENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURN INTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!Just a Few of the Many Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:Ladies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6. 00 values atLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal BootsatLadies' Assorted Small Size .Shoes $4.00 values at$3.95$3.49$3.49$2.49$2.99Men's Patent English Nettleton and. other makes, $7.00 valuesMen's Tan English Shoes$5.00 values atMeVs Russ. Tan EnglisH Beacon$5.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over,small sizes, atMen's Gun Metal Button$3.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Lace?2.7S values at$1.69Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.$3.95$3.49$4.00$3.50$2.49$1.99WHILE IT LASTSLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store&iP V