YVr -JJfc -" . fe.iXTHEv.' r- W-rtr. 3m i ' - JE "J- i V4..-5'..Hf-5 -, &&h&TO.. iPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FKTX IN THE YEARf:;AVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1918NEWSBOURBONiI i1 MlIf ::it I 'i-ii I"mm 1-B iMEXICANS RAID HOME OF FORMER PARISIAN.A letter received by relatives inthis city from Mr. Joan B. Hibler, aformer resident of Paris, who hasbeen engaged in ranching in Northern Mexico for several years, told ofdevastation wrought on his place bya band of raiding Greasers. Theraiders were supposed to have beenmembers of the Villa revolutionistsor the National party.The raiders spread across theHibler ranch and confiscated all hisstock, which they drove across thecountry. Mr. Hibler made a futileeffort to stop the vandals, but theyonly laughed at hipn, and told him togo see Villa for redress. Mr. Hibler wrote to Judge George Batterton,of Paris, for affidavits to the effectthat he had formerly been a residentof this county, and that he was a-nAmerican -citizen, entitled to the fullprotection as same. Affidavits to thiseffect were made out and signed byMagistrate Hobert O. Turner -and Mr.M. F. Kenney, and forwarded to Mr.Hibler, who will take up the matter-with the Mexican Government andwith the State Department at "Washington. Mr. Hibler will be well remembered here by the older generation. Heis a son of the late Mr. Daniel Hibler, who built and resided in thetrick mansion on what is now Duncan avenue, and occupied by Mr.Robert C. Talbott and family. Mr.Hibler left Paris about thirty-liveyears ago, and went to Kansas City,where he secured a position as Pullman conductor on a railroad runninginto Mexico. There he onet and marTied the daughter of a wealthy Mexican. At her father's death, Mrs.Hibler inherited a large estate and alarge sum of money and securities.Mr. Hibler is an uncle of Capt.Speed Hibler, popular Louisville &Nashville passenger conductor, formerly of Paris, and now residing inNashville.i W tea Wb """K "? CHRISTMAS PRUITS, NUTS, ETC.Buy yourfruits, candies and nutsfrom Mrs. Ellis' Cash-and-Carry-Grocery,opposite court house. (It)5l JBfc feIOSS OP MEAT CAUSED BY WARMWEATHER.Several Bourbon county farmerswho slaughtered their hogs have losttheir meat on account of the warm,damp weather. One man who killedseveral extra fine large porkers wascompelled to abandon the entire lot.Unless colder weather comes shortlyit is feared the loss to the county willamount to thousands of pounds.-y rI ''mwm ":: . &BM5ai3fl- .E3S5E5BWC-r:iyjgfcy!" 'MVMhTMMnltfsVxTOli w4 r SJFOur Watch DepartmentChristmas Giftv BuyinglOU will find here,dance of gifts ofmore than evertion from our policy of maintainingthe highest excellence in all our merchandise.The prestige of a gift from this establishment adds much to its value, but nothing toits cost.We havex gathered the best Watchesfrom the leading American and Swiss makersand we have secured countless exclusive thingsin many other lines comprising the latest creations. We wishto give you'every' attention inour power, and we urge the early selectionof your gift -. , , ,--P8p m1iTHE A. J. WINTERS GO.(Incorporated.)-. - The House tha't sells, - - ,"The Most Beautiful Watch in America."-jm TTvtmREOPENING OF THE PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.After havine been closed to- thepublic since the seventh day of October, when the influenza ban placedall places of public gatherings on thetabooed list, the Paris Grand OperaHouse and the Alamo Theatre vTillreopen to-morrow, at the Alamo inthe afternoon, and at the ParisGrand at nicht. The managementhas engaged Edward Vanleeni's Orchestra, a superior musical organization, which will render an artisticprogram of musical numbers at eachperformance.The admission price has been placed for this engagement at 22 cents;gallery, fifteen cents. No childrenunder twelve will be admitted at anyprice. The houses have been thoroughly fumigated and disinfectedand placed in fine sanitary condition.It will be a treat for the Paris theatre-goersto again have a chance tovisit the movie house, and see theirfavorites on the screen. The program for the week is as follows:Wednesday, December 25. Thos.H. Ince production, "The Hun Within," with Dorothy Gish and GeoigeFawcett and a special star , cast;Big V. Comedy, "Humbugs and Husbands," and Pathe News Feature.Thursday, December 26 SelectPictures Corporation presents "SauceFor The Goose;" Paramount Pictograph, and Pathe News Feature.Friday, December 27. Jesse L.Lasky presents Ethel Clayton, in"The. Girl Who Came Back:" RuthRoland, in ninth episode of "HandsUp."Let's all rejoice. Witn tne warended and the ban lifted life will assume a little bit of a rosier hue. Allaboard for the Alamo and the ParisGrand!FOR THE MAN.Give him one of our $30 suits orovercoats for Christmas.(xX MITCHELL. & BLAKEMORE.tE "P3 1BURGOO -FOR EVERYBODY ATTAYLOR & SPEARS' SALE.Burgoo, and plenty of it, will beserved at the big land sale of Spears& Taylor, which will take place onthe premises near-Escondida, on Saturday. Dec 28, at 10 a. m.One hundred and fifty barrels ofcorn and 500 shocks of fodder willalso be sold at the same time andplace. Read the large advertisementelsewhere in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS, and be sure andattend the sale. (24-2t)-fp-LJ ' ' ' 'GRUENVERfTHM& W21STLE'iWATCHESt mm m iiibrillvas usual, an abunmoderate cost in factbefore but no devia1u YjL2 Vfc3.4-!IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOFNTRY.Privates Harry Brown, StrotherWess, Garrett Evans and Dudley Davis, colored soldiers, have received Juumuauie uiscnarse Tjauers iromiCamp Zachary Taylor, and have i elturned to their homes near Paris.7Lieut, and Mrs. Walton Nelson areguests of Mrs. Nelson parents, Mij.and T. P. Wadell, atMillersburg, forthe holidays. LieutNelson is in thservice, stationed- at Camp Gordon?,Georgia, in the officers' trainingcamp. 14-Relatives have received information from the War Department thatCapt. William Collins and Sergt.Allie C. Detwiller, of North Middle"town, are on a transport with returning soldiers from France, duesoon at New York.!Major Henry F. Rhodes, Chief ofthe State Selective Service, had knarrow escape from death in Frankfort, when a chauffeur ran him downand severely wrenched his hackagainst the side of the garage. Hadnot the Major leaped to the fenderhe would have been crushed to death.He will be confined to his bed fprseveral days. ' rfLeo C. Brannon, formerly of PaHs,who is in the naval service on boaidthe transport Susquehanna, is spending a furlough -with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon, formerParisians, in Lexington. Leo hasbeen "across" four times on the Susquehanna, which docked Sunday,Dec. 15, at Norfolk, Va., with marywounded soldiers on board. l.Mr. Thornton Connell, son of ftfr.and Mrs. John J. Connell, of Paris,student of the University of Kentucky, and a former member of theLexington Herald reportorial staff,has returned from Camp Hancock,Ga. Connell was in the MachineGun school at Camp Hancock, having been sent there from the S. A. T.C. unit at the University.Capt. Robt. G. Jones, and Mrs.Jones are now with the family of hisfather, Mr. Wm. S, Jones, at NorthMiddletown. Capt. Jones has received his final discharge papers and is aprivate citizen again. He spent several weeks on the battlefroni inFrance, but was detached fi-dmliisTcompany, and sent back" to AugusTarTGa., where he was an instructor atCamp Hancock. Capt. and Mrs.Jones have been guests recently ofrelatives in Paris and Lexington.With a service flag containing 347stars, nine of them in gold, it is believed that Transylvania College, atLexington, has furnished more officers to the Great War than anyother college in the South, and like-wise probably leads in the number oflives given to the service. One of tnegold stars represents Capt. Reuben B.Hutchcraft, of Paris, who was agraduate of the institution, and "whodelivered lectures in the Law Schoolseveral terms before he went into thearmy.Kentucky soldiers from Danville,Winchester, Lexington, Eminence,Ashland, Beattyville, Earlington fcndother parts of the State are mentioned in a peculiarly human and5 interesting letter from France received by the Courier-Journal fromCorporal Pete Hambrick, of CompanyI, 59th Regiment of Infantry, whosehome is near Winchester.Corooral Hambrick. who believeshe was the first Kentuckian fromhis part of the State to reach the battle line, has been gassed and wounded by shrapnel.The boys are coming back! Inthe past few days there have beenseveral of khaki-clad men from thecantonments. Among recent arrivalsare John "Dugan" Hennessey, fromFort Douglass, near Salt Lake City,Utah; Second Lieut. Hiram T. Roseberry, 'from Ft. Still, in Oklahoma;Blair Varden and Charles McCarthy,from Camp Zachary Taylor; Thornton Connell and Hiram Adair, fromCamp Hancock, Georgia; GarrettEvans and Lolyd Williams, colored,hothof North Middletown, who havebeen at Camp Zachary Taylor.Mrs. Mollie James, of Paris, le-ceived a letter yesterday from herson, Cornelius (Buddie) James, written from Brest, France, stating thatthey were packing tneir Kits in tneirold war bags preparatory for returning to the United States. Buddiestated that their ship had been onpatrol duty along the French coastfor some time, and now that the warwas over they would get a chance tocome back home. The sailors will Hegiven a thirty-days' furlough ontheir arrival in New York.. Buddiestated that he was in the best 'ofhealth and that the home-comingidea appealed strongly to him.'Among the new arrvals of menwho have been in the seryice areKimbrough Duvall, who has been.stationed at Camp Dix, in .New Jersey, for several months, lahd SelloWollstein, who has been iv&i, cantonment in New York. Young WoHstein was accompanied)-by a, CharlieChaplin mustache somewhere ,in thevip.initv of, his proboscis, and seemedas-proud of the appendage as he didfine shaps,. and surely glad to .igetHome in time for thA Christmas holi-RED CROSS HOLL CALL MAKESSUCCESSFUL DRIVE IYesterday was the last day of theRed Cross Christinas Roll CalL whichhas been in progress since Monday,December 16. The headquarters inBourbon-Agricultural Bank building, jat the corner of Main and Broadway,were open all day, and a large number of names were added to the Rollof Honor."Last year the number enrolled inthe Red Cross, campaign totalled 3,200. Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, Chairman of the Roll Call campaign, whilenot1 making a definite statement asto the total number secured 'in thecampaign, was confident that thisyear's drive had exceeded that . of1917, and that the number enrolledwould be in the vicinity of 3,400,with probably jmore to hear from.Sb Ps PfiBUY PRACTICAL. SUBSTANTIALPRESENTS FOR CHRISTMASRead our advertisement for suggestions of common-sense, useful andpractical presents,(x) FRANK & CO.days. They say Uncle Sam is thebest provider in the world, and theirphysical appearance certainly bearsout their statement.iiir. jaen wooaiora, sr., or nearParis, is in receipt of a letter fromhis son, Scott Woodford, who, withhis brother, Brooks Woodford, wasin the thickest of the fighting inFrance, saying he and his brotherwere both well and safe. Anotherbrother, John Woodford, is now withthe American Expeditionary Forcesin Siberia.Mr. Newton Mitchell received aletter yesterday from her son, Corp.Jos. G. Mitchell, in France, dated November 27. Corp. Mitchell wrote thatthe. command had received orders toget ready for transportation back to IAmerica and that they would probably be in the United States by December 25, Christjmas Day. Corp.Mitchell stated that he had met Mr.James G. 'Metcalfe, Jr., formerlyTrainmaster of this division of theLouisville & Nashville, with headquarters m Paris. Mr. Metcalfe waslaid up by an attack of rheumatism,but hoped to be in shape soon to xeturn to America.Eg'miEWWmgflMChristmas GiftFor Father, Brother orSweetheart . -. ... . . . .If you wish to select an appropriate and useful sift forhim, make your purchase at our store. We have left noth-fin undone in selecting a stock of Christmas goods that willmeet with the approval of allUseful Gifts That Will be Appreciatedby the One Who Receives ThemThe the thought of your little remembrance and kindnessat Christmas time will not be forgotten when you send himsomething that will be useful, 'Presents that men want, and we offer the followingsuggestions for your Christmas remembrance to him:Bath RobesSmoking JacketsSweater Coats -PajamasSilk Mufflers .Fur CapesFur GlovesLet His Christmas Gift' .r fMitcHell '& BkkeinoreHEALTH BOARD LIFTS THE IN-FLUENZA BAN TO-MORROW.After having so far modified theinfluenza ban which has been in effect since October 7, as to permitchurch services, the ban has beenfurther lifted by the local Board ofHealth. The Paris Grand OpreaHouse and the Alamo Theatre willreopen to-morrow. The influenzasituation has improved to such an extent that with no new cases reportedthe local Board felt justified in le-storing normal conditions.Services were held in all the Parischurches last Sunday, the only restriction imposed being that the(members of the Primary Departments'were not permitted to attend.No deaths from the influenza haVebeen reported for several days andHealth Oflicer Keller stated that withthe co-operation of the business menof the city in carrying out the HealthBoard's regulations in regard toproper ventilation and other sanitaryfeatures, avoidance of congestion inthe stores and keeping the crowdsmoving, the disease would be entirelystamped out.The lifting of the ban will be agreat relief to the business interestsof the city. The people of Paris havedone everything in their power to assist the Board of Health in their efforts to control and stamp out thedisease, and now that the real dangeris passed they will greatly appreciatetheir release from the enforced monotony the ban placed upon them.Should any number of new casesappear or anything approaching a return to the danger line, the Boardwill clamp the lid down tight again,in the interest of public health. TheBoard of Health has ordered all persons in the city to be innoculatedwith the Mayo-Rosenow anti-infiu-enzaserum, prescribing a course ofthree innoculations, administeredseven days apart. The CountyHealth Board is co-operating in this,and arrangements have been made toprovide for the free administration ofthe serupn to all who are unable topay for it.ATTENTION. COUNTRY FOLKS.Country folks, when you buy yourgroceries from my Cash-and-Carry-Groceryyou don't pay for expensivecity delivery and bad accounts. Comein and see my goods befpre buyingelsewhere. All goods'marked "inplainfigures. Be sure arid Iqol'for theRed Front Store, opposite the courthouse.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY. (It)"WE KNOW HOW"Traveling SetsSafety RazorsLeather Cigar CaspsPullman SlippersCollar BagsInitial, Silk andLinen HandkerchiefsOur Store.LEGBROEEN BY AUTO.John Brandenburg, residing 'nearClintonviUe, this county, was takento the Good Samaritan Hospital, in.Lexington, Saturday night, sufferingfrom a broken leg, as the result ofbeing struck by an automobile. Thefracture was in the left leg justabove the knee, and is a very painful injury, which will keep him confined to his bed in the Hospital forseveral weeks.Brandenburg stated to the pol.cand the hospital attendants that hestarted to cross the street at the corner of Kramer and Wallace streots,in JLrexington, when an altomobiie-.without, lights came dashing alongand knocked him down before hecould get out of harm's way. Hsaid that the driver of the machine -did not sound his horn, and that themachine did not slack its pace to .seewhether he was hurt or not- Thosewho witnessed the accident statedalso that the driver of the machinedid not slacken speed, but ratherquickened it. The ambulance wascalled and Brandenburg removed tothe Good Samaritan Hospital. Brandenburg had been engaged in worknear ClintonviUe, on the farm of Mr.Jas. Estes.LARGEST STOCK IN PARIS SENSIBLE AND SUBSTANTIALCHRISTMAS GIFTS.Don't buy trash for presents. Letus sell you a Stove, Range, Buggy,Harness, Shot Gun, Rifle, FlashLight, Buggy Robe or something thatcan be used. Our stock is somethingenorpnous and by buying in car-loadlots are able to sell you g6od goodsat a lower 'price than the fellow whobuys in small quantities.(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CC.CHRISTMAS SCHEDULE.Postmaster J. Walter Payne an-nounces the following schedule forChristmas Day. All rural route, carriers will make the trip the siafe aaon any other day. The city carrierswill make but one delivery. The"postofflce will be open at I2t3d p m.No business will be transacted in tltemoney order or registry departments.The office was" being placed inreadiness for the expected Christmasrush yesterday, the local force beingaugmented by the addition of severalextra clerks. The rush began at noon,with the result that the general de-,livery windows were beseiged withan eager, anxious throng, with ai mafull of packages destined for somebody somewhere.Traveling BagsSuit Cases..Umbrellas; ;SuspendersNeckties NSilk Hosiery SKid Glovos!Come FromY ' ,x C. itvTJxmkimWmki'1r- - :Hw"f r AGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYstTUESDAY, DECEitfBER 24, im.n(M BOURBON NEWSEitablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationWMished Every Tuesday and FridayTar ,Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.tIWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.jptotered at the Paris, Kentucky,I Poatoffice as Mall Matter of the, second. Class.)' VEDITORIAL MUSINGS. ,-"'E3E SPIRIT OF THE 1918 CHRISTMAS SEASON.s- We are glacl it is ours once more togreet- our readers with, a bright andmerry Christmas. It seems but yesterday that we sent a like message toyou, and yet a year has flown by.May .your hcpnes be bright the dearchildren of your household happyan!d the great wish and hope of yourhearts in abundant measure be realized this Christmas tide.Marvelous is the influence by"which the Christmas spirit movesthe hearts of men to joyful andgenerous impulses. It seems -as if inthis'era of the year an unseen angeltouches the invisible spring of an.unused door in normal human natureBind fills them with joy and sunshine.iWnut a world of generous happiness it twirls around us! Those-whtom Providence has prospered 'are"busy "with their loving devices tomake home happy, to crown Ihe waning 'year with goodness, to rewardfidelity, patience and love, to reapthe joys that flock into the Christinas season like homing doves frompJar circling light. None woulddeny them all the riches of such experience" of this season Whose gloryis the advent of Him who came tominister to -the poor and the sick andthe .downcast, and not to be fetedjuxi filled with costly gifts.'To us 4ix) season of the year awakens so much 'of tenderness and fellowieslfag towards all humanity asChristmas. Jt is not only a time ofweit wishing, but kindly doing, witha, vHtl of sympathy that would turnm one away empty, withhold no tender -greeting, no act of kindness, noword- of love that migfyt -contributeto7 another's happiness. No sacrificeseems too great that we might notJbleas one another no yielding upof self too trying that we (mightsmooth some life, no trial of patijence too great that we might notibear and forbear with a spirit vexed-with many things. An appreciativejCttrfetmas will rule the baseness,rudeness, roughness out of any life,.Christmas is the time of love. Peaceaiid good will is spoken of it. Ill'Wilt knows nothing about it. Harsh,unkind words take the spirit out ofth occasion. If Christmas meansanything it is a day of good things,gracious deeds, generous impulses,abfrle aspirations, helpfulness, gladness, brightness, bouyancy, the shadows fleeing away and the sunlightgti-eaming in and thus we makeT-ae Merry Christinas ring"" ' And drive away our fear;, As' it arrives we brighten lives' , And fill them full of cheer.lsTrs PaORDER - EARLY AS SUPPLY ISLIMITED.'eave your order with Bruce HolIattay for aFbox of Miss Holladay's deltcious candies. No Christmas giftTfbuid be- more highly appreciated,sSd' you certainly could not buy bet--trcandy, any place in the world.Order 'early;.. The supply, this year is,limited?.(" , M-.oi KECTJCE HOLLADAY-INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some off your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers Sc Traders Bank:wBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors1ITelephone No. 4 re!9DiK-?& ?i vJXs ' " nmkm' r' T!TWrBfeeapB3?m jhhh. -iS"-" - wllir JIS. r- -" 4 4KheBourbon LaundryParis,wBE K 3K IDEVa 3Ek W JHfc " SExVTODAY'S THE DAYTo Do Your Christmas Shopping,and the Merchants of Paris Have'the Goods Read Every Item inThis Column.USEFUL AND ORNAMENTALPurniture, rugs, vacuuin sweepers, electroliers all make usefuland ornamental Christmas presents.We have them,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.' ' ft Bft 'TURN YOUR F00TSEPS THIS WAYAND YOUR SEARCH IS ENDJSi)We have what you want,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.CHRISTMAS STATIONERYWe are showing the greatest variety of Christmas Stationery in Paris.(X) AIDERY DRUG CO.LADIES' HOSE AND ADLERS.Washable gloves a beautffulChristmas gift for her.(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.ft to '1SPECIAL CHRISTMAS PRICES.Special low prices on apples andoranges during the holidays, at(X) BUSY BEE CASH STOKIS.1 fe fe -NEW SERIES OP CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start writh us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents.or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.. FARMERS' & TRADERS' JBANK.(x)3 fe teaNEW ORLEANS MOLASSES.Fresh barrel of New Orleans Molasses at ?1.25 per gallon,(x) C. P. COOK & CO.t TS3T? ft to"YOU'LL LIKE IP'Do 'your shopping at A. F.Wheeler's, opposite CourtHouse. You will like it. Allkinds of furniture novelties.(dec6-tf)TS E2&, W. C. T. MISSION.The annual visit of the W. C. T.U. to the County Infirmary will bemade on Christmas Day by the members of the organization. The inmates of the county institutions willbe presented with a substantial dinner and fruits. The local organization is busy making arrangementsfor the visit. All who desire to contribute toward sending' fruits andedibles to the occupants of the Inflramary are requested to have theircontributions ready and send them tothe home of Mrs. William Myall atthe"" corner of Main and Eleventhstreets on or before next Monday.chaSerlaots TABLETS.When you are troubled with indigestion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe stomach and enable it yto perform its functions naturally. Indigestion s is usually accompanied byconstipation and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentle!movement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition., (adv-jan)?3)5il5CHRISTMAS CLOSING.The banks and postofflce will beclosed on Christmas Day. The postoffice general delivery window andstamp windows -will be open from11:30 to 1230 for the accommodation of patrons. Most of the businesshouses rwiil be closed. - -!KWest Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONJJRJATCilWORD!iWith all the latest improve-Slr'. and'exDert heluenTwe areMvr II niaTioi1 fr Ar xtrrcir r-fa-J.X '..Jfc'J.V,lA W-V ..Vl "'nor to none; and solicit-.vnnr nfrnn0'KentuckyGOVERNMENT WH ASSIST WAR.WORKERS TO HND JOBS.The thousands of "civilian warworkers in the Government servicewho will soon be dismissed becau&etheir services are no longer neededwill be assisted in finding re-employ-imentthrough plans now being arranged by the United States CivilService Commission-.On the recommendation of the CivilService Commission the Presidentissued "on Novembei 29 an executiveorder which provides that the namesof persons in the competitive classified civil service - with unrestrictedstatus who were appointed either permanently or probatidnally prior tothe date of the order, who haveserved less than three years, who areseparated from the service 'because ofa reduction of force, and who ?.terecommended for further employment by the government because ofdemonstrated emcieuuy in, we uuitefrom which they are separated willrupon request, he entered by the CivilService Commission upon appropriateeligible registers for reappointment,eligibility thereon to . continue -forone year from the- date of separation.The re-employment registers thus established will be used so far as ispracticable for filling positions in theGovernment service.It is expected, however, that therewill be a surplus of eligibles on thesele-employment registers and in orderthat those who cannot be replaced inthe Government service may find positions in private employment, theCivil Service Commission has askedthe co-operation of the Departmentof Labor in the work of finding suitable emploment in private establishments for dismissed war workerswho can not be further employed bythe Government.It is the view of the Civil ServiceCommission that the machinery ofthe Government should be used tofullest extent in 'finding employmentfor the war workers for it is realizedthat a considerable number of thementered the Government service atsome personal sacrifice to help withthe war program.sa s jssAPPLES. GRAPEORANGES. ETC.We have bought in quantities 'allthe above, and are going to sell themright. We went direct to the marketand picked them out and got tnebest. Come and rsee us before youpurchase Christmas goods. We willsave you money and you will get thebest to be had.(x) JAS. B. CRAVEN.CHRISTMAS SAVINGSCLUBOur Christmas 'SavingsClub will open on December24, 1918.Bourbon-Agricultural BankSl Trust Co. ,153 Pa EnSTATE FOOD ADMINISTRATION"OUT OE BUSINESS.The United States Food Administration has ceased to be. This is theorder received by County Administrate-Htor Lawrence Mitchell from the'Staand National headquarters. , Thecounty and district food administration office will be closed immediately,as there is no further need for suchan organization. During the pastyear, through the service of the FoodAdministration, by the Grain Corporation, the Sugar Equalization Board,the price list? committee, a corps ofinspectors and supervisors, it .asbeen made possible for persons tohave had food commodities which,if there had been no regulation,would have been denied them. Priceshave been such "that everyone couldafford products "which would havebeen only for those possessing amplemeans had not prices been regulatedby the Food Administrator., Fred M. Sackett," however, statedin his communication to the local'Food Administration bfflcials" that he1desired that the volunteer members'of the organization be in readinessto be called together at any time inthe near .future.o"THE PLACE TO BUY CHRISTMASGOODIES.Box and bulk candies, fruits,dates, raisins, nuts, etc. Everythinggood for the children. Candies 30cto $1.00. Nuts 40c pound, orangesand fruits reasonably priced. Let mefill your order and I will save you?money. -(x)GRANT OWSLEr.J5l fd SlLOCAL BOARD OE HEALTH ISSUESIMPORTANT NOTICE.8At a full meeting of the City Boardof Health, Friday afternoon, it wasordered thatMayo-Rosenow serum begiven to all who have not heretoforereceived it, or who have not had! influenza. his order is made mandatory forthe reason that 225 per thousand persons without the inoculation arestricken, with it, eight.This marked immunity in favor ofserum treated persons is sufficient tojustify the Board of Health's decision.Go to your family physician asearly after reading this notice as ispossible. It is the" one great safeguard for all interests, churches,schools and every orm of .business.The chiefest reason, however, beingthe protection of the health of thecommunity.The City or County, according' tojurisdiction,, will be asked, tq pay' areasonable feeJ for services feirderedto those unable to pay the ordinaryfee for others. T?hree innoculationsare necessary, to be given seven daysapart.The State Board of Healthstronslyurges the immediate adoption tfthese measures. Let's have thjB heartiest support of every man, womanand child in the City and 'County.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.-,(2'4-2t)'V- s - "IT'S N0VT0R NEVEROld Santa Will Make His AnnualTour To-night, and the Itemr Below Will Help Yon Decide WhatHe Shal Bring.ORANGES BY THE BOX. ,Oranges by the box get ourprices before buying,(x) LOGAN HOWARD.fe l pilNEW LINE HOUSE SLIPPERS FORCHRISTMAS PRESENTS.Big assortment of house slippersfor the holidays now on sale at(x) -FELD'S SHOE STORE.TWDf BROfe'DEPARTMENTSTORE, SEVENTH' ANDMAIN STREETSiBeautiful and useful Christmasgifts for large and small. Big assortment of ladies' and misses' suits,coats, waists, furs, etc,.TWIN BROS,(x) Seventh and Main Sts.1 151 ISTHE PLACE TO BUY.The House of Quality for;,-i i - -ijcnciijSHIRE & F1THIAN.NEW SERIES OE CHRISTMASSAVINGS BEGIN AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Our new series of Christmas Savings Accounts starts this week Startyours to-day and have some cash tospend next Christmas. t 'PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (x)li Pa 1WE ALL KNOW.I know, you know, they allknow how good that RedAsh Coal is. Remembersomeone with a ton.RAYMOND COAL CO.,W. C. Dodson, Manager.(20-3t)- Ifti t IfeiOPEN EVERY NIGHT.Our store will be openevery night from now untilChristmas,x THE J. T. HINTON CO.AN APPROPRIATE AND ACCEPTABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT.Nothing is more appropriate for aChristmas gift than one of thosefancy boxes or baskets of Miss Holladay's delicious candies. Leave yourorder iow.(x)) BRUCE HOLLADAY.For Sale.Ford roadster, 1916 model; electric starter; electric lights; de-nountable rims; speedometer. Will,sell cheap if taken at once.HARRY L. MITCHELL,C20-af) Paris, Ky.FOUNDOn Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling at Wilmoth & jCo.'s grocery,proving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)Gobblers For Sale:We have for immediate sale, achoree lot of Pure White Holland!gobblers. Apply -toMRS." J. STUART ROBERTS,Cunib. Phone 519. Paris, Ky(20-3t)IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH &' WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)-For Rent.Five-room cottage at Hansonstreet and Lilleston avenue. Alsofur-nished front room at Fourth andPleasant streets. Apply te(6-tf) , MRS. R. M. HARRIS.Farm For Sale!Containing about 58 acres, twomiles from Paris, right at goodschool; on a splendid pike; having anew house, splendid orchard? gooddairy, good! barn, plenty of outbuildings in good, repair, and never-failingwater. Eight- acres in rye and thetre.st in blue grass. Price, $300 peracre, and terms easy.(17-ttf) v J. B CAYWOOD. iFor SaleJtXL40 . Acres BourbonCounty Landf. A 40-acre-tract of Bourbon countylahd, situated,'dne mile from -Paris:For' further information inquire iof'.undersigned. . !(13-tf) -HENCE MARGOLEN.,jp &For Rent.Entire fiat or special rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (20-tf)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year. . sSILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6W ,Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgriculatural Bank & TrustCo., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing- year. 'J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(-td .Public350-ACREw rBourbon County FarmAT -. , 'l is-SATURDAY, DEC' AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.The farm of E. F. Spears & Sens andNH. Taylor, six miles from Paris and halffitile from Escondida, on the Escondidaand Winchester pikes, will be offered infive tracts.This farm was the property of Capt.F. E. Nelson, and for 50 years was in bluegrass. It was sold to Spears & Taylortwo years ago, and they have cultivated alarge portion of the farm in hemp.Practically 300 Acres of ThisFarm is Tobacco Land.The Home place contains a two-story brick anoUframe residence withslate roof seven large rooms, reception hall, veranda bath complete,-,back porches, with presses throughout the house. The house has thick:walls and! Irencli plate doors, Is well' lighted, has; fine dry cellar and isbuilt on Bungalow order. It is newly painted, outside anl inside and!the walls have been newly and artistically paperti and decorated.Large double filtered cistern, ice house, servants house, smokehouse, stock scales, all necessary outbuilding, and? combined stock andtobacca barn.The farntlays well and amply watered by Green. Creek and numeroussprings: and pools, each tract having abundance of water.JL large portion of the farm is bottom lartdland is within half atmileof Escondida Station on ,the Louisville & Nashville Railroad.TRACT NO. 1 -Contains 19.71 acres fine- bottom land and lays between the Escodida pike and Green. Creek, and! is directly opposite fromTract No. 1 and Tract No. 2. It has thereon, a small tenant house andis the best 25 acres of tobacco land in Bourbon County,TRACT NO. 2 Contains about 58.20 acres unimproved land, faceson. the Escondida pike." It has a beautiful? building site. One third isbottom land and ready for tobacco. It adjoins the lands of 'BrutusClay, and like Tract No. 1, is high and well drained.TRACT NO. 3 Is the home place of; Mr. Taylor, and contains about255.61 acres, one half of which is fine bottom land. It feces on the Escondida pike. . The house is situated, high and dry amd commands abeautiful view of the 'surrounding countryTRACT NO. 4 Contains about 44.98 acres' unimproTed-land, all ofwhich is tobacco land .There is none better. It adjoins, Tract No. 1.and faces on the Escondida. pike.TRACT 0. 5 Contains 70.67 acres unimproved land and' faceson theWinchester pike. Hase building site and is ripe and readyfor tobacco, . 2TERMS 10 per cent, of purchase price cash, in hand on day of sale ;23 1-3 per cent, on March 1, 1919i- when possession will be givenI The remainder in two- equal installments of one and two years.' Deferred notes bearing 6 per cent interest,tSPEARSAV'f'P AiiJUUSv&' SPEAKER AtatsV.GEO. D.'SPEAXES, Auctioneer, . 5 '& I), HAWUS,' KuiijfbfNotice to Stockholder:The stockholders of the Farnerand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday; January 5,, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER; President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(6-td)$125 A MONTHFor Men and WomenMen and wopien, ages 16 to 45,who have finished eighth grade orits equivalent, are wanted, from eachcounty, for business'jjositions payingUP to $125 a month. Chances for nro-jnotion good. Experience NOT necessary. we tram you. Mail this:-C0HE0N-DRAUGHTON'S, Nashville, Tenn,,Box K-141.Send particulars of your proposition. '(Name)(Address)M6-4t)Auctiony28,;& TAYLOR, .ai..TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, lSlf.THE BOHRBOH HEWS, PiLRK, EBJTOCKTACBn)itlTEE T&BACOO HA1XET&Mr. Jolm T. Colling, the capablemanager of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company's tyvo loose leafsales 'warehouses, is in receipt of communications from the R. J. ReynoldsTobacco Company, The American Tobacco Company and the J. P. TaylorTobacco Company, in which each ofthe "Big Three" announce that theywill have their buyers on the marketat the first sale in Paris m Monday,Dec. 30.This announcement will be goodnews to the many tobacc6 growers inBourbon and surrounding counties,and it is expected that the prices paidfor loose leaf tobacco will bematerially increased when the fullbuying forces are on the local breaks.BOURBON WAREHOUSE FRIDAY,DECEMBER 20.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany has sold to date a total of164,415 pounds of tobacco for$50,923.31, an average of $30.97 perhundred pounds.At the sales Friday, a total of34,395 pounds of tobacco was soldfor an average of $34.43. The saleyesterday was considered about thebest held this season, and the growersseemed well satisfied with the pricespaid them for their offerings. Thefollowing crop averages were reported: Matt Long & Bro., sold 780 poundsfor $314.40, average $40.30.George Johnson sold 745 poundsfor $225.76, average $30.30.J. M. Thomas sold 360 pounds-for$82.18, average $22782.Isgrig & Jones sold 1,455 poundsfor $443.74, average $30.49.Thompson & Morgan sold 3,320pounds for $1,214.09, average$36.56.Henry Brown sold 1,100 poundsfor $336.76, average $30.61.Ralls & Parker sold 4,340 poundsfor $1,519, average $35.Fluty & Webber sold 3,215 poundsfor $1,237.52, average $38.49.Wiggins &Clever sold 2775 poundsfor $747.43, average $26.90.W. S. Deering sold 1,645 pounds'for $675.55, average, $41.67.'N. G. Herrington sold 1,560 poundsfor $510.17, average $32.76.Colliver & Toadvine sold 3,850pounds for $1,569.09, average$40.75.The next sale will be held at theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company's Paris House, on Monday, December 30.INDEPENDENT WAREHOUSEFRIDAY, DECEMBER 20.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold Friday, 32,915pounds of tobacco for an average of$30.15 per hundred pounds.The total sales for the week endingDec. 20, were 162,290 pounds for anaverage of $30.29 per hundredpounds.At the sales yesterday, the following crop averages were reported:Glenn & Booth sold 4.075 pounds,average, $31.32.Thomas & Hall sold 1,595 pounds,average $39.39.W. R. Tuttle sold 1,475 pounds,average, $33.11.sold 410 pounds,. ,JBES0Lim01&. , .Adopted by Imperial EncampmentNo. 68, I. O. O. F., Paris, Kentucky,December 18, 1918, upon -thl deathof our Brother and Companion, Capt.Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr."There is a fear for all who die,A mourner o'er the humblest grave,But nations swell the funeral cry,And triumph weeps above the brave."Whereas, we the members of thisEncampment, have learned with profound sorrow of . the death of ourfriend and brothcT Captain ReubenB. Hutchcraft, Jrrr upon the battlefield of France.Be it resolved, That brother Hutchcraft, by his bright and genial disposition his fraternal and courteousbearing not only in the lodge roombut in the walks of every day life,has endeared himself "Ho each andevery member of this Encampment.By his devotion to duty and to principle, and by his brave and heroicdeath he has exemplified the sublimest teachings of our Great Order,Be it further resolved; That in thedeath of Companion Captain Hutchcraft, the Nation has lost a true patriot and a brave and valiant soldier;the State an able and upright publicservant; the community a modelcitizen; this Encampment a faithfuland zealous member; his family adevoted son and loving brother.Be it further resolved; That we extend to his family our deepest sympathy, in this hour of their great sorrow, and in token of our esteem andaffection for him, and of our deepsense of the personal loss to each andevery member of this Encampment,we dedicate a page of our records tohis memory, and direct that theseresolutions be inscribed thereon anda copy of same be sent to his family,and one copy be printed in the localnewspaper. All of which is respectfully submitted.JAN SMITS,G. B. MINTER,A. L. 'SLICER,Committee.Joe Nicholsaverage, $43.35.Frank Nicholsaverage, ?3&.73.Richie & Derickson soldpounds, average $33.26.Ritchie & Mollie Derickson455 pounds, average, $31.59.Leggett & Sanders soldpounds, average, $34.14.Ardery &Brady sold 1,480 pounds,average, $41.62.Redmon & Ritchie sold 3,160pounds, average, $38.61.Peterson & Smith sold 1,450pounds, average, $30.59.CHRISTMAS GOODIES. -"sold 1,095 pounds,1,840sold4,030Come to the Red Front Grocery,opposite the court Jlouse to buy yourChristmas candies, .nuts and fruits,and get fresh goods at the lowestprices.MRS. "ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRY-(x)GROCERY.PARIS PEOPLE SEND 30OKS TOLEXINGTON LIBRARYRESOLUTIONS OF BOURBONLODGE, I. O. O. F., in MEMORY CAPT REUBEN B.HUTCHCRAFT.At a meeting of Bourbon Lodse,No. 23, I. O. O. F held Mondaynight, resolutions as follows wereadopted on the death of Capt. Reuben Hutchcraft, who recently losthis life at the front in France, onNov. 6, 1918:WHEREAS, It has pleased ourHeavenly Father to take from us bydeath our beloved brother, Capt.Reuben Hutchcraft, in the prime andvigor or mannooa, ana miast ot auseful and honorable career;Therefore, be it Resolved,First, That we bow with humblesubmission to this mysterious dispensation of an all wise and kind Providence, remembering that He doethall things well. -Second, That in the death of Capt.Hutchcraft his family has lost afaithful, affectionate and devoted sonand brother; the State an honorableand useful and upright citizen; thiscommunity an able and much beloved lawyer and citizen; and thislodge a true and devoted' member.Third, That this lodge tender itsdeepest sympathy to his afflictedfamily in their bereavement, andthat the Secretary of this lodge beinstructed to present them a?copy ofthese resolutions and that also thesame to be published in the Ken-tuckian-Citizen;that a page in ourminute book be used for the purposeof spreading same in our records.Respectfully submitted and signedby your committee.E. B. JANUARY,WM. A. LAIL,FRANK "M.. FARIES.IS J5S 3IF YOU ARE OUT-SHOPPING A TIPTO REMEMBER.OCIAL AJ0 PERSbKAl.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.at homeLexing-Miss Juliet Turner Isfrom Hamilton, College, atton, for the holidays. ' vMr. Gus Christnian is visitinghis sister, Mrs. C. K. Roeder, in-Lou-isville during the Christmas holidays.Mr. O. G. Young and Mr. W. E.Showen, Fleming county farmers,are in Bourbon county prospectingfor a location. T :Mr, and Mrs. E. C. Cleveland andson, Cromwell CleveJand,"and daughter, Miss Margaret," have gone toTajtnpa, Fla., to spend the winter.Mrs. Louis Earlywine has arrived from her home in Chicago tospend the holidays with her mother,Mrs. J. U. Boardman, in this city.Mr. Harry Holt, of Bayonne,New Jersey, has arrived in Paris tospend the holidays with his mother,Mrs. Ben Holt, 6n Mt.-Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler havegone to Latonia to spend theChristmas holidays with their son,Mr. J. Henry Butler, and Mrs. Butler. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Banta andlittle daughter, of Indianapolis, arespending the holidays with the former's brother, Mr. J. O. Banta, nearParis.Mrs. Lawrence Dickerstm, formerly of Paris, is a patient at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where she recently underwentan operation.Mrs. N. A. Moore has returnedfrom a visit in Charleston, WestVirginia. Mr. and Mrs. Moore willleave soon for Umatilla, Florida, tospend, the winter.Mr. Edward Spears, son of Mr.and, Mrs. Woodford Spears, of thiscity, is a patient in the St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, where he wasoperated on a few days ago f&r appendicitis; Mr. Spears is gettingalong very nicely.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood left Saturday night forGarrard county, to be with his uncle,Mr. G. B. Ross, who has been critically ill for several days.Mr. Douglas Estill, a prominentyoung farmer of Franklin county,spent several days in Paris last week,as guests of his aunts, Mrs. LauraEstill Francis and Mrs. Lavinia- Instill Chenault Cunningham.Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Burley anddaughter, Miss Emma Louise Burley,of Paris, and their guest, PrivateHenry Melloch, of Wyandotte, Mich.,were week-end guests of Mrs. NannieHall, in Flemingsburg.THE NEWS acknowledges receipt of beautifully engraved Christmas greetings from Mr. J. W. Zimmerman, representing the StandardPaper Co., of Cincinnati. "Zim" ispersonally one of the best-liked traveling men in America, and -when hebreezes in there is always an air ofcheeriness and cordiality irresistable.May his shadow never v grow less,(nor his cigars any stronger!)(Other Personals on Page 5.)sa isi 1 -,LETTERS TO SANTA CLAUSi r g-CHRISTMAS GALORE',Never' Before Were Better StocksTHan Carried By the Paris Merchants Below.GENUINE FRUIT CAKES' CHRISTMASFORPlace your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) WH.MOTH & CO.taMHMMW la rfi P8DON'T WASTE.Anything you buy of us will benot only useful, but servicable asChristmas presents and your moneywill not be wasted.(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.Qft" f FLNEW SERIES 0 CHRISTMASSAVING CLUB NOW READY.Be one of thehappy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with, us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next' Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.00a "PSFRESH BAKED DELICACIESt Everything good in bakery linefresh cakes, pies, lady fingers, andall the products of a first class bakery. Pn sale at P. M. Heller's pneatmarket, Mulfingers meat market andat Ahearn's restaurant.(17-tf) M. RITTER, Prop.Cumberland Phone 850Home Phone 393 fe tsLET US DEMONSTRATE FOR YOUOUR LINE OF S0N0RAPHONOGRAPHS.' " -Call in and let us demonstrate ourcomplete line of Sonora Phonographsin all styles from the medium priceto the handsome cabinet instrument.A Sonora Phonograph will make apresent that will be highly enjoyedand appreciated by the entire family.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(x) Opposite Court House.!a a laGIFTS WORTH WHILE HANDSOME AND MODERATELY SOLDDon't buy trash for gifts. Let usshow you something worth wnile.Pictures, Leather Goods, Books,Fancy Baskets, Games, Stationery,Novelties that are really new andworth while. Beautiful line of novelChristmas Greeting Cards to seJectfrom,(x) PARIS BOOK STORE.RM Mat aWAR SAVINGS STAMPS OF 1919ISSUE HERE.;............, n.,.. MgATTENTION' ' -a"I have an express shipment of that goodChristmas Candyon the way and it wjjl be on sale by the time youread this. Save your candy orders for the RacketStore. Also the biggest and best line of ChristmasToys in town to select from.VISITTOYLANDon the second floor in our store.,! The Paris Racket StoreBetween Sixth and SeventhThe A. J. Winter Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x)mint m s,MARG0LEITS SPECIALS P0R TWOWEEKS BEAD OVER THEnBARGAINS.The Lexington. Leader says: "TheLexington Public Library has received another consignment of 500useful books from the patriotic pOrJpie of Paris, Ky.r which will be forwarded to the various war camps andcantonments for the use of the soldiers who are still in the service.Miss Dillard, the librarian, desires,thus to make public acknowledgmentof the receipt, of these volumes."A Gift That WillPay KgDividendsIf you want to .save 'money on staple groceries read oyer this list thatMargolen's Mea3 Market offers asspecials for two weeks:2 lb-can tomatoes, 2 for 25 cents.3 pound-can of tomatoes, 20 cents.Best grade of corn, 15 cents., f"Sale" Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Lenox Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Rolled Oats, per pound, 10 cents.Best Matches, per Dox 5 cents.Best high-grade Coffee, per pound25 cents.Prunes, per pound, 15 cents.Best grade of Flour, 24-poundsack, $1.60.Canned Soup, percan, 10 cents.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (17-4t) ife ?s teB-4 PI RE. Insure withW.O, HINTON &SON,AgtsWith the coming of the happyChristmas time the hearts of the totsare filled with longings to interviewgood old Santa Claus. THE NEWShas received the following lettersletters from little Paris people, indicating their desires to the paronsaint of childhood:"Paris, Ky., Dec. 24, 19l8."DEAR SANTA CLAUS:"I will write to you as Xmas is almost here and I don't want you tomiss me. f am a little boy sevenyears old. I want you, to bring pne ahobby horse and a little train with a"real engine that will go choochoo.' ,"Bring my little brother, Reuben,a little red auto with green wheels.Bring us, both lots of candy and aiuts.Bring papa some hair dye. Be sureand come. - j"GRAYDON FLORENCE"P. S. Bring papa's dye black,for that is the color he uses."MEtl-SS'U-l -A-'iSSHGILBERT TOYS&orrt.0.rs.T.Scts..$1.00 to $5.00foJmCtri.ca.,s.cts. $1.50 to $5.00Wireless Sets r aaSTEST. 25c to $1.00Motors, Transformers, Etc.Just What thr Boys Want.T. W. SPICERMAIN STREET, OPPOSITE COURT HOUSE'MISiSIjjEggsgiSiHWhat better gift can you think offor your son or daughter than acourse in the Pugazzl School of Business? You'll never be able to estimate the value of the. dividends sucha gift will return.There never was a time when efficiently trained men and women W6remore in depiand the war just overed has emphasized the value of efficient training, and the reconstruction-period ahead will emphasize it stillmore. '"We court a thorough investigationDay or Night Classes. Write forbooklet or phone or call at school." m aHANDSOME HEEMGEEST" HOMEDESTROYED BY EIRE, , tf"Paris, Ky., Route, No. 0,"December 17, 1918."DEAR OLD SANTA: ?"As Xmas is drawing near I thoughtI would write to you -so you wouldnot fail to peep down our chimney.I am a little boy eight years old. Iwould like for you to bring me a little rubber doll and a top and plentyof fireworks and a whole lots ofcandy and- fruits and every thingnice. Bring my little curly-headedbrother.Ji'rank, a little red wagonand a little horn and bring my little brother, Andy, a toy fiddle and across-eyed doll. Bring my dear oldjfapa a;wg and please don't tell anybody, f6rhe don't want them toknow he"i3 baldheaded. Now Santa,don't forget us. Bye, Bye,' "LEO KERN.'OLD SANTA'S gQUAETEES:-aFugazzi School offBusiness' Efficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Puzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Joaes, AssL Principal.118 N. Upper St.. Second Eloor, Jt : i - ""Helincrest," home 'otW. T.Schnaufer, prominent lumber man ofLexington, two miles and 3a haf onthe Maysville pike, was "totally destroyed when a fire originating! jfroma defective furnace gutted the tmilding. The loss is estimated at $39,000 which is partially covered -b insurance, , iHelancrest, the former home of Mrs.Jennie Hanson Helm, was one of thejmost beautiful homes in that sectionjof the State, being on a smallhilLabout a quarter of a mile front, the-Maysville pike. The home wasvpur-CUiUHiU Jiium J.U1&. xzciiii uy .iviiSchnaufer uboutt wo years ago.The home was made entirely ofstone and the flames eating their -vaythrough the floors gutted the building in a short tipae. The'furnishingsof the Jiouse which will run intothousands were a total loss as theflames made such rapid headwaythat none could be saved.T u i di'Old Santa Claus has made hi3headquarters "at pur store and hasbrought everything here to delightthe children lethe liltle folks .Jakea look. , Wagons, . Autos,' ' Sleds,Sportiprg Goodjs, Rifles, Irish Mails,DrumjsijfSkat, ec.; useful gifts,tbo.such aRobe8,, Foot Warmers,TTaadrti Hatitrae Riio'cnr -Pftlef,uns Ammunition,, T?lash Lights. otc.NEW SERIES TOF CHRISTMASPostmaster J. Walter Payne" liasreceived a consignment of the 1919series of War Savings Stamps, whichwill not, however, but put onsaleuntil further instructions from thePostmaster-General, which are expected to arrive before January 1.The stamps are smaller than the1918 series, and will be sold on thesame terms. Mr. Payne says that theGovernment is urging the people tokeep their stamps until maturity inorder to feed .and clothe our armies,and to buy more, rather than embarrass the Government by redeemingthem when no preparation has beonmade to cash them vf or four years.EEEL UKE GIVING UP?Many Paris People On the Verge ofCollapse.A bad back makls you (miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore all dty.It hurts to stoop it hurts tostraisrhten.What with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weakness.No wonder people are discouragea.Who do not know the kidneys maybe the cause of it all.Give the weakened kidneys needful help.Use a tested and proven kidneyremedy. .None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Mrs. John Mastin 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with gpod results and Iknow from the help they' gave methat they would be just as beneficialin nth fir cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across the smallof my back and my kidneys acted irregularly. Doan's Kidney Pills ridme- of those complaints and if Ishould need a kidney remedy again,I would certainly take Doan s.Mrs. Mastin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys bothervon. don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs.Mastin had the remedy backed byhome testimony,- 60 cents at alldrug stores. Foster-Milburn "Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "When YourBack is Lame, Remember the Name."Cadv)fS m 3It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas.have a full line of the celebratedWeWilson )Odorless Heatersrto select from, Start early.7LQWRYStMAY-"SAVINGS Km HOW HEADY.fBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. tStartwith us -now in curnew--series -Ton. can start, -with 51 cents drv,$ 5.0 (f arid have a'ifice checkcoming next Christmas.FARMERS' & TRADERS' BANK.(x)IK 95J TSLrFire,Wind and LightningInsurance.'" Thmas, Woodford & Bryan.:;W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.1X113CJ5X!IAT THE "HOUSE OFQUALITY."Ivory Toilet Manicure Sets,hand painted. Just the"House of Quality."SHIRE & FITHIAN.thing.KENTUCKY ARTILLERYMEN ONReturning home on the transportGeorge Washington, which sailedfrom" France, December 15, the WarDepartment has announced are the139th 'Field Artillery, Batteries A,BS'Dand B, and , Headquarters Com?pa-ily of tne 137th, Field Artillerythirty-five officers of' the 138th leldArtillery, and a number of casuals.' The 137th and "13 9th Field AftTI"-lerTegiments o'f 'the38th Division,wnicn arescneauiea 10, arrive u6wYork, within a few days on theGeorge Washington, the liner whichcarried President Wilson toFrance,contain many Kentuckians. Numberspf the men in the 139 th Regimentare, from -Eastern, and Central Kentucky, trained at Camp Zaohary Tay-Uor;. ;.I'' New DirectoryHome Telephone Co.Our new directory will go to press within the nearfuture, and if you are thinking of having a telephone installed we would be" glad to figure with you. .We are, pef-mittecUby the Government to make -new installationswljere service is needed for essential purposes, and provided we have facilities and the 'Service ConetionCharge' is.paid by thesubscriber. This charge is veyreasonable compared with that of piping your house farwater or gas, or-wiring-ifof or electric, lights andjmposed.by ,the Government as a war measure only. vParis Home Telephone & Telgraph ?$1J. J. VEATCH.District Manager(Incorporated.)i- -W.H. CAlOfOH.v ?Idoftl HaaasescrvXu.til.aiJH' .. f - i V V. ' Vl,..i.'3i.;"i- i r-' , S0r -J vp- 'y.sfVVt? ' 1',' 'PAGE TOOT-- THE OWftOlllfEWAWSp1, iMTUESDAY,- DECEMBER 24, l91-mv imi1-.sis Join the Red CrossAll You Need is a HEART and a DOLLAR !Having performed this laudable act, you canturn your thoughts with happiness and contentmentto the purchase of your; CHRISTMASGIFTSIDon't overlook the HOUSE OF QUALITY, aname that is a synonym to the people of Paris andBourbon county for JEWELRY, DIAMONDSAND SILVERWARE of guaranteed dependablequality. ,We have a wonderful HolidayStock and can show you alarge variety of Gifts suitablefor ladies, gentlemen and. children 'The wise shopper purchases' early and avoidsthe rush and crowding of the last few days. Weearnestly urge you to do your shopping now whileour stock is complete. We will gladly sto re yourpurchase until Christmas.'WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.This will be a particularly holyChristmas in view of the victory overmilitancy. Let it be a Christmasthat will be full of the Christ child,rather than tne German ChnsKingle. Rp.inir 100 Der cent Red Cross isthe next best thins to being 100 percent. American. Red Cross unrist-mas Roll Call December 16 to 23gives every one a chance to qualify.ThP TteA Cross Sewing Rooms andthe Surgical Dressings Departmentwill be closed for this week. Bothhope to open with renewed vigor onDecember 31st.Ra BM BMPOR THE LAMES.We are showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving trays and many otheruseful articles,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.SOME BIG TRAIK.CHRISTMAS CARDS AND DECORATIONS. Elegant Christmas Postcards, 6 for5c; candy boxes and nice decorations, at(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE. .fa Ta laM. M. I. CADETS TO OBSERVECHRISTMAS.The cadets of the Millersburg Military Institute, will not get to theirhomes for Christpnas, but will remainat the Institute during the holidays,and continue their regular studies.Several days will be given for pleasure. The cadets have made extensive plans for entertainmentsthrough the holidays. Col. and Mrs.Best will provide a monster Christmas tree and a big turkey dinner,and the boys will not suffer fromlack of home comforts.ERESH OYSTERS TO-DAY.The House of Quality For JewelryjSHIRE & FITHIANE. T. Phone 288 Home Phone 130Fresh shipment of fine oysters forto-day, 74 cents per quart.MRS. EMUS' CASH-AND-CARRY-GROCERY.(It)1 TBINOT HOW CHEAP. BUT HOWGOOD.One of the longest passenger trainsthe Louisville & Nashville has sentout, for years passed through Paris,Saturday morning'. The train was adouble-header, comprising three tigexpress cars, loaded with dressedturkeys and all 'kinds of Christmasgoods, two mail cars, also loacea,presumably, with a miscellaneouscargo of Christmas pnail, two .combination cars, three day cars, and twoPullman cars. vThe dav cars were loaded to thesrnards with nassengers, the majorityof them being Khaki-ciaa laus, enroute to their homes from the cantonments. The boys 'were in highspirits and seemed glad to be on theroad home. They gave vent to theirjoy in college yells and cheers andsent a wave of gladness through the.waiting passengers. The Christmasspirit was in evidence everywhere.Many of the passengers had .theircar -windows decorated with hollywreaths and flags.As the train pulled out of .thestation, loaded with its freight, ofhappy humanity and tons of- ChritTrm.es Broods destined to make roianyhomes happy, the irrepressible spiritof Americanism could not oe suodued, and loud cheers burst from thethroats of the waiting passengers under the train sheds, and from therailroad men at the station and inthe yards.There was an instant response fromthe train, where hundreds of soldiers threw their windows open andsent up an answering cheer thatwent from post to post until lostthe distance. And thus does theChristmas spirit prove its contagion.Another train, of twelve coaches,filled with cheering, happy soldieis,en route home from Southern cantonments, passed through Paris, Sunday morning. Most of tne men werefro'm Camp Gordon and Camp Hancock. They made up a happy and enthusiastic crowd as the big trainmilled out of the yards. One of themen remarked to General Agent W.V. Shaw: "I never knew what agreat thing Christmas was before,and now, if the boys were only backfrom France, what a great homecoming it would be." He was -fromChillicothe, Ohio, where he had beenat Camp Sherman for months beforebeing sent to Camp Gordon.Id 731 BSlFRANK & GO. HTHE CHRISTMAS STOREThe Store of aThousand Gifts!Something that will be appreciatedby mother, sister, sweetheart, or"" Nany of the feminine sex.ourCheap nuts are high. SeeWalnuts, Brazils and Almonds,(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.TEACHERS RECEIVE PAY.The public school teachers of Bourbon county were paid two months'salary Saturday by County Superintendent1 of Schools J. B. Caywood.The checks were prepared Thursdayafter the arrival of $5,159.89 fromFrankfort.BUY SOMETHING USEFUL SEEUS BEFORE PURCHASINGWhen buying: Christmas" presentswhy not get something useful? Wehave everything in our line. Lann.Tid see.(x) LOWRY & MAY.'?G5 ?fi TE&KENTUCKY WOMEN WIN GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS. 'Miss Georgianna McDaniel, of Louisville, and Miss Nannette Wallingford, of Paris, were appointed to beclerks in the Bureau of War Risk Insurance, at Washington, D. C. Theirpositions are under the civil service.Silk Underwear'Silk HoseSilk PetticoatsSilk KimonosHandkerchiefsFancy TowelsCoatsSuitsRtirsVo--'f' -and a thousand other articles, any ofwhich would please the women folks.See Us Before Buying YourChristmas Gifts.LFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS6SQiWe invite you to come in and lookat our showing of select stocks forChristmas, whether to look or to buy.Buy early, while our stocks arecomplete.mThe Christmas Storej17His Gift HereNeckwearHosiery .. .J. a 5Belts :Suspenders -v..-Umbrellas .....Pajamas r....Night Robes : .Bath Robes ...Smoking JacketsMufflers .Hats :..CapsGloves x.Shirts ; LiHandkerchiefs25c to $2.00.: 15c to 75c1j25c to $1.00:.: ., 50c to 75c$1.25to$2.50. $1.00 to $5.00$1.00to$2.50. $6.50 to $10.00J ..$6.50 to $7.5050c to $3.00$2.50 to $10.0050c to $2.5050c to $5.00$1.00 to $10,00;i.L..10c to 75cAny Man or Boy Would Appreciate ASuit or- Overcoat From Our Store"Ask Any Man"We number among our customers some of the well dressedmen in town, and they have foundout, after a thorough test, that ourclothing is the best in town.Hart Schaf ner & MarxClothesthat have made and will continueto make friends and will eventii-.;C, ally convince you that this is thestore to buy your clothes.Suits and Overcoats -$12-50 to $5000.SsfBjHSpASHBBLk. HvlW 1 bV; ' ' If J ' Hl' ' ImmXEUmm SiK"S BPflN IThis IsThe Boys' StoreAsk any boy and he will tellyou that he will appreciate anygift from our store.Suits r. .". $5.00 to $15.00Overcoats 1 jl. $6.50 to $18.00Caps. :, r.... 1.50c to $1.00Shirts :... $1.00 to $1.25Ties 12 . I.H .t v 25c to 50cGloves 1: ...v: L.L 50c to $1.00BelU .. Ll1 25c to 50cN'ight Robes :l! 1. ,: $1.00Stdckings .-.. 25c to- 35cSweaters ......... ..:...:$1.50 to $5.00Toques : 50c to $1.00j tR. P. WALSHTHEGlfT STORESeventh and i MainParis, KentuckyJ vftMIS.- --,'TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1918.THE B0U1B0H DprSpAlniTIDKrjtjiii.,mJXrrtsU trhytf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECHEISTMAS TTTBKEYSOrder your Christmas turkey fromus and don't be disappointed,(x) LOGAN HOWARD.CHRTSTMAS MEMORIESWill be pleasant if you select hispresent at our store,(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.ii e& f9& PS " 'THE STORE OP A THOUSANDGIFTS THE XMASSTOEEIf you will use judgment you willvisit our store before you buy Christmas goods articles of quality reasonably priced.(X) PRANK & CO.AHATHE THOMPSON SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakesmakes the following report of thepublic sale of live stock, etc., belonging to Mr. A. S. Thompson, held enthe premises near Paris:Mules brought from ?462 to$652.50 per pair; sheep from $18 to$21 per head; calves $32 per head;yearling cattle, $50 per head, andbrood sows to farrow March 1, from$38 to $52 per head. The farmingimplements and other effects broughtgood prices.A CHRISTMAS DEMONSTRATIONAT THE CROSDALE HOTEL.Mr. George H. Crosdale, proprietorof The Crosdale Hotel, informs usthat he has been taking lessons indrawing through a New York artistfrom Delmonico's, and has so far advanced that he can draw a "HOUSE"and "OCCASIONALLY" a uollar,likewise a check in favor of "THEOTHER FELLOW," and that he will,on Christmas night, demonstrate hisability in this respect to all thosewho see fit to attend from 5:30 to7:30 p. m. He intended to madethis a free demonstration, but owingto the' unexpected cost of same, hewill be obliged of necessity to chaigethe "EXCESSIVE" amount of fiftycents for admission, but thinks withpiusic and refreshments, that the entertainment will be such that "EVERYONE" will be willing to drawon their "RESPECTIVE BANKERS"for the amount.1 ta faTOR THE BLACK CAKEFresh ingredients for that blackcake: Citron, seeded and seedlessraisins, dates, shelled nuts, orangeand lemon peel, spices, etc.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO., CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS BUSY.The Christmas rush among shoppers began yesterday and the storesand streets of Paris presented an animated picture as throngs of shoppers, wended their way trom oneplace to another. There was a largecrowd in the city, and the merchantsreported an unusually good businesspreceding the Christmas Eve rush.' To-day will be "The Day BeforeChristmas," the time doted upon bythe belated Christmas shoppers andalso to the snug preparedness onewho has had every gift chosen, securely wrapped and labeled, if notalready sent, several days before.There will not be any large Christmas trees or Sunday school gatherings, as is the usual custom onChristmas Eve, because of the HealthBoard rulings. To-morrow will beChristjmas Day, with many happyfamily reunions and happy littleChristmas tree parties in the homes.RAILEOaF" SIGNALMEN ELECTNEW QEFICERS.The Brotherhood of Railway Signaknen effected an organization at ameeting held in the K. of P. Hall, atMain and Third streets. About thirtymembers, all railway signalmen onthis division of the Louisville &Nashville, were initiated. The , following officers for the coming yarwere elected:Chief Ii. E. Owens.Secretary-Treaurer W. W. White.First Chief John Webb.Second Chief Frank Knox.Lever E. Edward Faries.Chaplain D. H. Roberts.Inside, Sentinel G. T. Smith.Outside Sentinel C. J. Stone.Trustees L. E. Owens. Chairman;W. Odell and G. T. Smith.The order will hold meetings the-second and fourth Sunday afternoonsin each month.ARE YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?NO TROUBLE ABOUT IT HEREIf it is in the jewelry line, we(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.TO OUR PATRONS.W3e have come to the threshold ofanother Christmas, and this boingthe last isruo of THE NEWS befcrethat glad day, we take this opportunity of extending the Reason's greeting to our friends, patrons, advertisers, subscribers and to all who havein any pnanner contributed to thesuccees of THE NEWS.If their Christmas is half as tnerryas we hope it wU be, we feel surethat it will be numbered among thehappiest events of their lives.May your Christmas be loadedwith cheerful yesterdays, glorious todays and confident to-morrows. Wesincerely appreciate the business andsocial courtesies shown us, ,and trustthat our pleasant Dusiness relationsmay endure throughout the comingyear.Tb oae and all a Merry Christmas!We will have another opportunity towish., you a Happy New Year. AVrarryrOhritias toall, and jnay joueajoyVto theory fullest!CX sSOCIAL AtW PERSONAL.t)o&tigs aad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Fred tPister has returnedfrom an extended business trip toMunday, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore leftyesterday for Umatilla, Fla., to spendthe winter months.Miss Elise Kidd, of Frankfort,was a guest of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChamp from Saturday to this morning. Mr. Jeff C. Elgin is here fromMemphis, Tenn., to spend the holidays -with his mother, Mrs. AnnieElgin.Miss Myrtle Hickson, of Flemingsburg, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. John Endicott, on South Mainstreet.Miss Mary Masterson entertained a party of young friends with a"play party" at her home on Massieavenue.Mrs. D. L,. Moore and her daughter, Miss Moore, of Harrodsburg,have been the guest several days ofMr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander.Mrs. Harry A. James, formerlyMiss Mabel Schnapp, has returnedfrom Cincinnati, and resumed herformer position at the Twin Bros.'Department StoreMr. Charles Wilmoth, who hasbeen in the Texas oil fields for several weeks, came in yesterday tospend the Christmas holidays withhis family. He will return to Texasnext Monday.-Mr. and Mrs. John Cohen, ofLouisville, and Mr. and Mrs. ClarkBarnett, of Paris, are spending theChristmas holidays with Mr. and Mrs.Charles Barnett, near Taylorsville, inSpencer county.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., ofnear Paris, will be hostess to herBridge Club Thursday afternoon atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Overton Chenault, on Ashlandavenue, in Lexington.Reports from the National Sanitarium, at Martinsville, Indiana,where Mr. Jas. T. Higgins, of Paris,is a patient, state tha he is considerably improved. Mr. Higgins is suffering from rheumatism.Mrs. J. T. Pryor and two daughters, formerly of Paris, were recentvisitors here. They were en route toRichmond, called there by the seriousilness of Mrs. Pryor's mother, Mrs.Sarah Leeds, who is greatly improved. Mr. and Mrs. David Traugottand little daughter, Louise, of Lexington, are spending the holidays inParis as guests of Mrs. Traugott'sgrandmother, Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, andof her sister, Mrs. Ray Harris, andMr. Harris.Mr. Stanley Conner has arrivedfrom Knoxville, Tennessee, to spendthe. holidays with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. D. Conner, on Harpnon street. Mr. Conner is employedin the Southern Railway, machineshops in Knoxville.Mrs. I. L. Price and little grandson, Wm. Teller, have returned fiomChicago, where they have been visit-Jing relatives and friends for sixweeKs. Mrs. .prices daugnter, Airs.Carroll Teller, is improving slowlyafter a long illness.The Tampa, Florida, correspondence in Sunday's Courier-Journal hasthis note with reference to wellknown Millersburg people: "Amongthe Kentuckians expected beforeChristmas are Mrs. R. L. Tarr andfapnily, from Millersburg."Miss Elizabeth Hedges is athome from Washington, D. C, whereshe has been in the Government service, to spend the Christmas holidayswith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hedges, in this city.Among those who attended thedinner dance givenat Lexington bythe men of the Naval Branch of theS. A. T. C. at Camp Buell, were thefollowing from Paris: Raymond Connell, Barnett Winters, Landen Templin and Robt. Lavin.Misses Elizabeth Breazele, ofNew Brunswick, N. J., who hascharge of the language departmentat the Millersburg College, is spending the Christmas holidays with hersister, Miss Jeanette Breazele, at theLexington College of Music.Mr. Robert Dow, of Des Moines,Iowa, and Mr. Rion Dow, of FtDodge, -Iowa, have arrived in Paristo spend the holidays with their father, Mr. Robert P. Dow, Sr. This isthe. first viit of Mr. Robert P. Dow,Jr., to his old home in twelve years.Mr. and Mrs. "James Thompson,Jr., of -near Paris, will be on the istof chaperones at the "Christmas EveDance" to be given at the PhoenixHotel in Lexington, to-night. Thehours will be from eight to two. Alarge number of Paris society peoplewill attend the dance.Mr. Ford Brent returned atnoon yesterday from Rochester,Minn., where he has been a patientat Mayo Bros Hospital for severalweeks. He was accompanied be Mrs.Frank Woodall. Mr. Brent was methere by his son, Ned, and was givena royal welcome home. He stood thetrip very well and is doing nicely. 'Dr. J. T. Comer, of Paris, whohas been seriously ill with influenzaat the home of his father-in-law, Mr.Nat Collier, near Millersburg, has entirely recovered. Dr. Comer waswarmly greeted yesterday by f rieadswhen he made his first appearance onthe street. Dr. and Mrs. Comer willgo to Florida soon, to spend thewinter.(Other Personals on Page 3)m m mSIX O'CLOCK CHBISTMAS DINKEBAT WIOTSOR HOTEL.Oyster Cocktail, Roast Bluegrass Turkey,Nit Dressing,v Cranberry JellyCelery Hearts ' OlivesWhite Potatoes AsparagusTipsMarshmallowed YamsFruit SaladPlum'Pudding Hard SauceFrench Ice Cream Christmas CakeCoffee.The above menu will be served atthe Windsor Hotel .Christmas nightat 6 .o'clock."JPrice 50 cents per plate.RELIGIOUS.:Judge Lyman Chalkley, of theTransylvania University, at Lexington, will address the congregation ofSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity to-morrow (Christmas) morning,at 10:30 o'clock. Everybody invitedto alttend this service.n m wsTUBN YOUB FOOTSTEPS THISWAY AND. YOUR SEARCHIS ENDED.We have what you want.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.FORMER PARISIAN PROMOTEDFOE VALOR IN BATTLE.The Courier-Journal of Fridayprints a fine half-tone portrait ofMajor Neville C. Fisher, son of Mrs.W. H. Fisher, of Paris, who was re-Lcently promoted from Captain to therank of Major for distinguished gallantry and valor in the service inFrance!Maj. Fisher was a member of theBourbon county bar during his residence in Paris. Several highly interesting letters to his mother havebeen printed in THE NEWS, in the"Letters From Soldiers and Sailors" column. The Courier-Journalaccompanies the picture with the following from the Georgetown corres-'nondent:"It will be a happy Christmas forthe little family of Maj. Neville C.Fisher, who recently was cited forgallantry in battle and promotedfrom a captaimcy. r"Mrs. Fisher was Miss Eva Finnell,a daughter of Judge James Finnt-11,of Georgetown. r' "They have two children to sharein 'daddy's' glory Miss Family andJames Fisher."A VARIED ASSORTMENT.Wrist Watches for men;women and Children.SHIRE & FITHIAN.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mesh purse. Finder returnto this office and receive reward.Notice to Dog OwnersThe law requires every person tocall at' the office of the CountyClerk, before January 1, 1919, andpay license tax on all dogs owned orharbored by him. A tag is furnishedby the Clerk for each dog license.Unless this license is paid by January1, 1919, the owner of the dog is subject to a fine of not more than $100,or a jail sentence not exceeding threemonths, or both. An unlicensed dogcan also be killed by any one, and itis the duty of the Sheiiff to killsame. If you permit a dog on "yourplace, that is unlicensed, then ouare liable to the fine and imprisonment, whether you own the dog ornot. The amount of the license taxis $1.00 for the first male dog, $2.00for each other male dog; $2.00 forthe first female dog, and $4.00 foreach other female dog. Kindly callat my office, before January 1, 193 9,and avoid the penalty provided.PEARCE PATON,Clerk Bourbon County Court.('24-31)GRAND OPERA HOUSEAnd AlamoTheatreWednesday, December 25n"L g;I "THE UUN WITHIN"Presents-WITH-Dorothy Gish and Geo. FawcettAnd a Special Star Cast.Big Y Comedy, "HUMBUGS AND HUSBANDS"Also Pathe News Feature.Thursday, December 26SelectPicturesPresentsAlso Burton Holmes Travelogue, and Pathe News Feature.Friday, December 27Jesse L, Lasky PresentsEthel ClaytOIl n eCame Back"FlUTti ROLAND 'yr "Haods UpEdward Vanleeni OrchestraAdmission . . . 22 CentsGallery . . . . . 15 CentsNO CHILDREN UNDER 12 YEARS OLD ADMITTED1YourIIIi--tXMAS)iIIIyie.HARRY SIMON, s224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky; "Main Street, Paris, Ky. ,Of course we pnay not, succeed verywell, but if we ever get arrested bythe lady police we are going to doour best to be fascinating.LOSTSomewhere' on the streets of Parisa small leather hand bag, containinga small sum of money and a Buickautomobile key. Finder leave at thisoffice and receive reward. (It)S3IK"SAUCE FOR THE GOOSE".,. .,,A.,.,'.3S,,.gAaiSiF'.3CompleteShoppingATSIMONSGIFTBig Reductions on Women'sSuits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts,andMillineryThe Best Gift of AllThe Celebrated Clear-ToneCrescenteolaTalking MachineA Gift That tfie Whole Family Will EnjoyBeautifulIn ConstructionMarvelousIn ReproductionPlays any make ofDisc Records withoutchange of attachments.-vEmbodies the Bestin a Perfect Talking MachineCombines quality and'utility with a moderateprice.Come In Today and See the Different Styles and Hear Them Play.Our Direct-from-the-Factory SellingPlan Saves Our CustomersMany DollarsBetter stop to-day if you are thinking of buying a 'talking machine for Christmas as we only have a few ofthese machines "and may not be able to get more in time -forChristmas. -. ,:LadyHelen Chocolate Cherries OfU I D-just received fresh. Special UU LUi .Try a box; you will be delighted with them. T'Brooks & Snapp Drug Co. !415 Main Street-,. tpm-Ki1IIKIXIISTOREwium mIvMBIIKIliIII::I::llVIIII11.1I HiIt Hi ; , notif1I1VIII1P.iilPAGXflXTHEB0TOB01"HEWS,P12I8,xEKTucrrTUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, Iflf.SVs-vC.4AS APPEAlTlFOlt THE TREHCHWXROXPHAHS-Appeals for French, chlidren madeorphans by the war, continues toreach the great heart of America, andwhen we remember that 350,000homes in France have been wreckedand thousands of little ones orphanedand rendered practically homeless, it-would seeni that none of these appeals should be in vain.The French race can tmly be savedIf the children are taken care of today, and taken care of by the friendsof France, for , stricken France for atime at least, must trust to herfriends.A, great Frenchman once said,"Power means Protection." To thatdegree in which we as Americans arepowerful, may we be a protection toour friends.For those of us who will have ourboys back, could there be a moretouching thank offering to God thanthat we should take one little Frenchorphan under our care?It requires only ?36.50 annually tosupport "one of these little ones,"the French government contributingan equal amount, and who can btimate the value of such, an offering,both, as our expression of Americanfriendship and of sympathy for thehelpless.The following extract from a letter recently received here from Corp.4Joe G. Mitcheir, of this city, gives-some idea of the pathetic conditionsexisting "over there" among the little ones:"You in America do not realize theconditions of the poor little childrenand women in France. A crowd ofchildren between the ages of five andHen years wait on the outside of ourmess hall to get something to eat thatwe leave. One little fellow and myself are great 'buddies.' I take him apart of my bread and coffee when Ifinish eating. He is about five yearsold, has a round, bright little face.It is surely an awful sight to see howhungry these poor little things are.Women fifty years of age are seenreaching in our garbage cans gettingscraps of meat and bread. Pitilul,sure."auicK CURE POR CROUP..Wtch. for the first symptoms,hoarseness, and give Chamberlain's- Cough Remedy at once. It is prompt-- and effectual.(adv)-dec)Tsa lai EaTons of food 4,672.97 to be exact were shipped by the Red Crossto the Allied countries duringAugust, 1918.j.Place Your QrderNow ForGenuine ,FRUITCAKESFORChristmasFruits, Nuts, Cakes,Candies, Etc.Everything fresh, new stock.Right prices.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376BMGHTEICafeEVENINGSl Hm. IV?Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life morev worth living, than a well illumi-i;-natedhouse. sVsaOlectfici'tyfor ftdtyiitdt It's the only satisfactoryway.se Setsft-for mating ana ooKindIt's the "only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Y.u UpFtr the Use ! BothElectricity tnd Gas.rParis Gas & Electric Co.s.daotnwrattd) - .- .- a. -iC...,O-ir-0tv -.You'JI Have to Hurry JChristmas Will Arrive On TimeWill You Be Ready Read Below.HOLIDAY GUTS.The A. J. Winters Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x)BUY SHOES FOR GUTS.People have quit giving trash forpresents. Shoes as presents is common sense. We have the hest made, jThey are the cheapest in the longrun. Let us lay you aside a pair for .fathpr mrvMipr nr Knn I(x) HARRY LINVILLE.i fe teBEST OP ALL.Would not your wife be delightedto find a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet in her kithchen Christmas morning? $1.00 will put one there. Ooinour new club,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.v , im m m.WOLLSTEIN'S GOOD ADVICEWARM CLOTHING SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save doctor bills by buying goodwarni clothes for men and boys (atTwin Bros.' Clothing and ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof neckwear, .handkerchiefs, underwear, etc.(x). TL. WOLLSTBIN, Proprietor.GOTO A SHOE STORE IP YOUvWAUT SHQftS.Shoes is all that we sell. Weknow nothing but the shoe business.If you want groceries you wouldn'tgo to a shoe store if you want anything but shoes, we can't wait onyou. Consequently, we should anddo know our special line and aresure that we can please you withour big assortment of nothing butSHOES. They make nice Christmaspresents.(x) HARRY LINVILLE.fca sa feNEW SERIES OP CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nsxtChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice check'coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)1SX 3 mLARGE ASSORTMENT OF CANDIES. We have 'a -very large assortmentof the hest bulk and box candies.Let us 'have your Christmas order,(x) CHAS. P. COOK CO." 8 S&, JfcTHE CHRISTMAS STORE.A wonderful display ofChristmas Goods is beingshown at bvr store. Something for every member ofthe' family from the little totto the grandparent See ourwindow display for sifts forthe children. The priceswill surprise you.E.M. WHEELER & COtf Robneel Building.WHITER AND LECTURER SAYSGERMANY NOT BEATEN.Isaac F. Marcosson, of Louisville,writer and lecturer, who Tia.r iurreturned from a six months' visit toFrance, Holland and Switzerland, delivered his first lecture in New Yorkon "The War and After," at the advertising Club, 47 East Twentyfifth street. He praised the work ofGen. Pershing antt called his beingsent to France, "an inspriratiohalstroke."Qen. Pershing, he said, had neverhad a day's business experience inhis life, "yet he organized and directed the tremendous business svs-item of supplying and equipping ourarmies until when the armistice vassigned there were 2,100,000 American soldiers in France, with fourunonths' complete suppliesand equip-men in the storehouses." In speaking of the economic comDensation ofT10 tttot Tio aniAI "The tragedy of the war is that.Germany has not been beaten. TheGerman soldiers are returning homeas conquering heroes. They are beinggreeted as saviors of the Germaneconomic system. I believe thatGermany is a great deal better offthan she wishes the world to believe. " I have visited all the neutralcountries of Europe, and have seenthe tremendous storehouses ownedby the Germans in Holland andSpain."He said he was sorry PresidentWilson had seen fit to leavers placeas the spokesman of humanity, andhe believed that his judicial judgment would have had more weight ifhe had stayed in this country."But now," he said, "that he hasgone I hope that he will see sojme ofthe results of the unspeakable atrocities perpetrated by the Germans,an1 wil1 talk to the men who hveoeen mrpugn crueiyes wnicn navenot been, duplicated since the darkages."ym.im.im.CURE AT A COST OF 25 CENTS.."Eight years ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was & great sufferer from indigestion and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, -111. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, and there wasa feeling like a heavy weight pfess.ing on ny stomach and chest all thetime. I felt miserable. Every morsel of food distressed me. I cqald notrest at night and felt tired and wornout all the time. One bottle of Chamberlain's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different peraon."A l (adv-jan)"XTiiaaaarr'"' "Like Banquo's ghost, which wouldnot down, the question of revivingthe old Blue Grass Baseball League,is coming up again, with Lexingtonenthusiasts endeavoring to'foster themovement. IiT"a "piece" in the Lexington Herald of Wednesday, one"fan" issues the following to encourage the fires of hope to burn in thebreastsof the faithful:"A povement is on. foot to , giveLexington a baseball team next summer and at the same time to reorganize the old Blue Grass League,which turned out, several big leaguers. " Because df the war which tookmany thousands of our bbys'bvenJeasand to camps, the league went outof existence. With the lads backhome and eager for the game, everyindication points to a rejuvenation ofthe game and the league."The league could easily embraceLexington, Frankfort, Paris, Richmond, Cynthiana, Maysville, Covington or Newport, more likely the latter city,, because of the Wiedemann's,of which Charley Applegate is themanager, and an urgent supporter ofsuch a league. There would be nohisr or exDensive iumns. unless itwere to dovington, Newport andMaysville., "Letters have been forwarded toseveral Covington andN Newport parties asking if they will come to Lexington and arrange for a generalmeeting to organize the league. Theother towns will also be invited tobe present at the preliminary meeting."1 pa r ,OPEN NIGHTS.For the benefit of shoppers, we will be open everynight until after Christmas.x THE A. J. WINTERS CO.E3 1 ?3RED CROSS HOME .SERVICERed Cross Home Service, canteenand motor corps workers throughoutOhio, Indiana and Kentucky arebusy meeting War Department requests for Red Cross assistance whilesoldiers are being demobilized frommilitary training camps.Word has been sent out from LakeDivision headquarters in Clevelandto chapter Home Service Stations,canteen and paotor corps, instructingthem to provide increased service atrailroad depots.The Red Cross field directors at allthe military training camps andchapter canteen workers are rendering emergency aid. Home ServiceSections are making loans of moneyin some instances as well as givinginformation and other service to returning memPa Ea nOPEN OF NIGliTS.Our store will be open ofnights until after Christmasfor the benefit of our customers..x A. F. WHEELER & CO:REFUGEE GARMENTSThree thousand garments for refugees are being cut daily by electrically driven cutting machines atLake Division, Red Cross headquarters in Cleveland. Hand cutting isn'tspeedy enough to meet the needs ofoversees sunerers. sAfter the garments are cut, vomen volunteers assepnble, or tiethem, in bundles for shipment tothe 358 chapters in Ohio, Indianaand Kentucky.The chapters, branches and auxiliaries finish the ganments and retainthem to the division warehouse forforwarding in carload lots to easternports for 'final shipment overseas.All Lake Division chapters1 havebeen given refugee, garments quotasto be finished' at an early date.rivt 1 1CATARRHAL DEAPNESS-CAHNjOKBE CURED! , " ;By local applications, as they ca'nnot reach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that isby aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by as inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed youMiave a rumbling sound-or imperfect hearing, and .when it isent.irfilv nioRfid. deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this restored to its normalcondition, hearing will be destroyedforever. Many cases of deafness arecaused by catharrh, which is an inflammed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, -75c.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.fe fel 1E5The allied forces must remain under arms until peace tenms have beenenforced and good order effected inEurope. Large sums of money willbe needed T)y Uncle Sam. Lend h5myour savings buy W. S. S.wi H& mCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYBefbre using this preparation for acough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook, Macon, 111., writes, "I haverouna it gives tne quictcest Teiiei orany cough remedy I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe.Mo., says "Chamberlain's-Cough Remedy cannot be beat for .coughs, andcolds." H. J. Moore, Oval, Par,saja,"I nave used unamDenain s uougn.Remedy on several occasions Twjhen Iwas suffering with a settled colli uponthe chest and it has alwaysbroushtabout a cure.v (ady-jan)m j m ,A dance for one-armed men leadsthe program of parties that the A.R. , G. Girls' ,Club in Washington is'plariiung.- - C STfeifx. vtt"rt?ft?7iHINJS TO CHRISTMASj SHOPPERSGENUINE ERUIT CAKE TORx CHRISTMAS,Place your order with us if youwant a genuine delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind ''mother used to make."(x) WILMOTH & CO.PANCY BASKETS AND BOXESBeautiful Fancy Novelty Basketsin all shapes and colors. Beautifulboxes of one, two, three and fivepound candies of the famous MissHolladay make, are very acceptableChristmas gifts,(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.; l" "teA STUNNER.Grocers' Mixed Candy, 25c apound: chewing gum, 3 packagesfor 10c, as long as our present stocklasts at these pneesr(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.COLUMBIA GRAPONOLAS NDRECORDS TOR CHRISTMASColumbia Grafonolas and Records.We expect to have them in stock tofill all orders Christmas morning,(x) ' ARDERY DRUG CO.SANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls, DiningRoom Furniture, Waiters,Desks etc., at reasonableprices. Everything to pleasethe children. See our window display.E. M. WHEELER & CO,x Robneel Building.'Sl 1Q,A EEW SUGGESTIONS-SUBSTAN-Uttli JUXxl OUUADhn V7JUCXOBelow is a partial list of articlesthat would -be most acceptable asChristmas gifts. Old Santa has, madeheadquarters at our store this year.Read over the list:Buggy Robes, Foot Warmers, FlashLights, Wagons for the children,'.Sleds, Toy Autos, Irish Mails, DandyJim Sulkies, Guns, Stoves, Ranges,Sporting Goods, etc. Any of thesearticles would be suitable forChristmas gifts,(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.fe fe E3TOYS AT LAVIN & CONNELLYS.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERS'Toys in endless variety, for hoysand girls velocipedes, wagons,skates, sleds, drums, and everythingto make the little ones happy wehave it. Candy, fruit, dates, figs, etc.Come and see what we have and weare sure that the quality and pricewill please you.(x) LAVIN & CONNELL.EDW. BURKE, President.Edw, BurkeSam ClavJas. M. 'CaldwellBobt. E. Beatt?Luther StiversC. D. WilsonTHETobacco Warehouse Co.Total Sales to Date, 164,415 pounds . .Sale December 20th . . v . . . .Opening Sale December 11th . . . .Sale December 13th . . . . .;'.''.First Sale Monday, Dec. 30th,At Paris HouseSecond Sale at Bourbon HouseMarket will Open AgainDECEMBER 30thWith All Buy ers at SaleThe tairbon$? Cv"-FARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf yon are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand -see what tnis little wonderi doing for others.VWe Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St:.H. S. CAYW00D. Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. DentonW. M. RodcersA. B. HancockJno.S. E.BOURBON-n" v(Incorporated)Maccb larehonse Co.' "(Incorporated)PARIS, KJENTUCKV-vJOHN T. 'C0HINS. Manager.- IT. CollinsBurrisA. L. StenhensonH. S. Cavwoodi fAverage $30.97Average $34.46Average $32.05Average $30.11ir&-v r fJ- -I '4r.i?teAf miI Q cixt- A: : ' -7. .w-" -?wna.VwrTTJESDA.Y, DECEMBER 24, 1918..THE BOTJKBOK HEWS, ,PA1IS, XBHOTCrTPJGE SET0&hTIE BEST LINESOf Christmas Goods at lowest PricesAre Offered By Paris Merchants.Bead This Entire Column.AXE 'YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?50 TROUBLE ABOUT IT mra.T.If it's in the jewelry line we haveit.(THE A. J. WINTERS CO.MILLERSHUKGBAKGAIN PEICES: CHRISTMASGOODIES CHEAP.We have a large stock of Christinas goods that we are going to eellcheap: - Candies 30c to ?.00 perpound; nuts 40 cents per pound;oranges, bananas and all kinds offancy fruits reasonably priced.(x) GRANT OWSLEY.te to 1HHVULE'S, THE SHOE MAN, HASPRACTICAL GIFTS..A pair of these fine shoes out ofour stock would please him morethan the useless gifts he has beenin. the habit of getting. Buy shoesas gifts it's common sense.(x) HARRY 1JNVILL.E.JSl fE3 xFOUNTAIN PENS FOR CHRISTMASPRESENTS.Conklin's Self-Filling Fountain Penis still the best pen on the market.We have a good stock for the holiday.trade.(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.)s& )m ibiAN IR0NT0N HEATER .IS .JUSTTHE TRICK.T ?Tomorrow is Christmas&Get In On Some .of -the BargainsOffered by the Merchants Below.Messrs. J, 0. Ralls and J. M.Marr were in Danville' on businesslasfc week.The ban was lifted Friday. TheMajestic picture theatre was openedFriday night. The services at all thechurches Sunday morning and evening were well attended. No -newcases of flu reported.The following are at home forthe Christmas holidays: Miss Dorothy Peed, of New York, Mr. J. G.Allen, Jr., from. Washington Lee University, Va.f Miss Marguerite W.Allen, from Martha Washington College, Washington, D. C, Miss Caroline Mclntyre, from Randolph-MaconCollege, Va.Mr. J. H. Barnessold his farmlast Friday, consisting of seventy-sixacres on the Maysville pike, aboutone and a half miles north. of Millersburg, to Mr. Charles Adair, for$310 per acre. Possession givenMarch 1, 119. Mr. Barnes purchased a part of the Redmon farm a fewweeks ago.The remains of Mr. Frank AllenRichart, who died at his home inKansas City, Mo., several days agowere interred in ,Millersburg Cemetery Friday morning. He was a relative of the Allen families of Millersburg, and for a short time iesidded here, though hisearly life wasspent at Snarpsburg. Quite a number of the Allen relatives of Sharpsburg and Winchester were present atthe interment.9i las ?aIF YOU ARE OUT SHOPPING ATIP TO REMEMBER.Morris chairs.We are showing a big line of Morris Chairs. Make him comfortableby giving him one for Christmas,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.BUY PROM CRAVEN AND SAVEMONEY.Buy your Christmas goodies fromus. We can save you money onFruits, Nuts and Candies, both in thebulk and in fancy boxes;(x) JAS. E.CRAVEN.START A CHRISTMAS SAVINGSACCOUNT AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Don't be without spending moneynext Christmas. Start a ChristinasSavings account now. Our new seriesSlcUL tills WCBH..PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK S&TRUST CO. (x)GENUINE PRUIT CAKESCHRISTMAS.fCHRISTUAS ON THE WAY.P0RWith gayly decorated shop windows and shoppers in the - stores,,though as yet not -in crowds, theChristmas spirit is daily manifestingitself,, and "Christmas is on thewing." Window shopping by bothold and young goes on every day andmany are the covetous glances andthe plainly-expressed wish for the objects therein displayed.Christpnas this year finds the storesof Paris filled with unusually selectstocks, and with priges no hignerthan those asked elsewhere, and youdon't have to pay carefare either toor" from the store. Trade at homeand get just as good results. ReadTHE -NEWS' local columns and seewho to trade with. It's a reliableguide! 'JAnd while we are on the subject,let us remember those who will havebut scant joy at the glad Christmastime. They are here, and unfortunate through no fault of theirs.Let's make for them one bright dayin their dull lives. You know someone, and someone knows someoneelse who will come under the provis,ions of this "carry-them-cheer" onChristmas day.ttl I IB -CHRISTMAS GOODS THAT WEREChristmasGlassesBuy useful gifts give father andmother a pair of reading glasses forChristmas.They can have their eyes testedlater if necessary. We can supplyyou with Lorgnette, Ear-chains, Automatic Eye-glass chefns, Eye-glasscases, Auto Glasses, Snow Glasses, allof which would made useful and ap-propriate gifts. Give, us a call.Second Floor First National BankBuilding.Why worry about what to buy fora Christmas gift. You need a gasheater any way. Buy one for mother's Christmas gift. The whole family will enoy and get the benefit ofit, too. when it comes to heaters.anhave a large stock of all sizes.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(x) """(Incorporated)El fe -feSOMETHING USEFUL P0R CHRISTMAS GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co. your,headquarters for holfday gifts,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.pa la laTOYS, TOYS.See our window display ofToys and all kinds of Toytoo. MVnen it comes to neaters, r ...- nll- W:tA-Ironton settles ihe-argumenfc We turmture, oV Waiters,etc., for the children. Allreasonably priced.E.M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Buildingioi m iCITIZENS' MILITARY CAMP TOWhat could be more useful as aChristmas present than some of thePyrex Glass Cooking Pieces? Wehave a splendid stock of it.(x) I,OWJtY & MAY.T 5 JSS ElAGENT FOR FRENCH RR0S.-BAU-ERFANCY ICES.I am agent in Paris for FrenchBro3.-Bauer Ice Cream Co., of Cnclnnati. Orders taken for all kindsof ices for weddings, parties andhome use. Prompt deliveries.RAY JOHNSON,x) Eighth Street. 'Place your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste, and .smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) WILMOTH & CO.SHOES FOR PRESENTS.BOUGHT RIGHT.We are selling lots of shoes to beused as Christmas gifts. Haven't ;-oua friend or relative that needs shoes?Let me sell you a pair for him or her,they will be appreciated.(x) HARRY .LINVILLE.FOR YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKE.OPEN JAN. 6 AT LOUISVILLEVisit GoldstinV ForXmas Specials!White Cotton Handkerchiefs with small figure incorner 8cLadies' and Misses' Hanokerchiefs in fancy boxes,"special, per box 59cChristmas Footwear Ina variety of styles. Seethem on display.Men's Initial Linen Handkerchiefs, 6 in box, special 98cLadles' Suits, Coats,Furs, Millinery, Waists,etc., for Christmas. ,Now is thei time to buy fruit foryour Christmas fruit cake see auyline of candies before buying.MRS. ELIrTS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY. J(x) Opp. Court House.Is isa feGENUINE FRIUT " CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace ,your order with us if 3 ouwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakelor Christinas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) " WIOIOTH & CO.Christmas shoppers this year aretrying to save money. , Those whoare wise will take advantage of thefollowing information: Jas. E. Craven has just returned from Cincinnati, where he bought a car load ofgood things for his holiday trade.MiVCravens has told us. that he hasbought more than ever before, consequently bought his goods right.And. by being on the ground got thebest, picked it out and sent it home.If you want the best Oranges, Bananas, Grape Fruit, Pigs, Nuts,Dates, Candies, both in the bulk orbox, see him. Buy from Craven andget the, best at the cheapest price,(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.5i SLYE EOR SOAP.Banner and Greenwich Lye atcents per dozen,(x) C. P. COOK & CO.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, ,Ky.Aetna-AuiiCombination PolicttisProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT90WTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.., r- '--.Plenty -ofChristmasA Southern military trainingcourse for "civilians has been authorized by the War Department, Louisville, Kentucky. The new camp is tostart January 6 under the auspices ofthe Military Training Camps Association and is to be known as CampPershing. Applicants for the campmust be eighteen years or more andwill be required to pay their owntransportation and $30 for the twoweeks' course to provide for theirsustainance and other expenses. Theattendance will be limited. Applicants will be accepted in the ordertheir applications are received Thecamp will be in command of Capt. F.L. Beals, U. S. A.Military training is one of thegreatest things that has ever comebefore the nation. It tends to thebetterment of the race, physicallyand morally, from the standpoint ofpersonal efficiency in every industiy,line of labor arid profession. It tendsto physical and moral betterment because it gives people a greater appreciation of their obligation as citizensand a better "understanding of theirf ellowmen. Application can, be pnadeto the nearest branch chairman, orathe Central J)epartment Headquarters of the Military' Training CampsAssociation, Consumers Building,,Chicago. Attendance to Camp PershinV does .not obligate further military service at the expiration of thecourse. vA Southern camp at this seasonoffers opportunity for militarytraining to many men who cannotfind time to take advantage of asummer camp in the North.MAKE SOME SOULHAPPY ,There is someone we couldsuggest who would appreciate a ton of Red, Ash Coalfor a Christmas gift. Makesome soul happy.RAYMOND COAL CO.,W. C. Dodson, Manager.(20-3t).TBS 1 1.WOLLSTEIirS GOOD ADVICEWAEM CLOTHING SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save -doctor bills by buying oodwarm clothes for men and boys (atTwin' Bros.' Clothing and ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof neckwear, handkerchiefs, underwear, etc.(x) L, WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.ALUMINUMWARE NICE XMASGIFTS.Everything in Aluminum Ware.Nothing (makes a better Christmaspresent. Come and let us show you.(x) LOWRY & MAY.)Si 1 E3USEFUL GIFTS PRACTICAL ANDCOMMON SENSE.DRAFT RECORDS TO BE SHIPPEDTO WASHINGTON.Nothing would be as acceptable orappreciated more than a nke pair ofShoes. We have th o-3t, and iieyjare the cheapest.(x) HARRY LINVXLLE..Chairman; Chas. A. McMillan,County Clerk Pearce Paton and MissGrace Haskins, of the BourbonCounty Draft Board; are busily engaged in packing up the records ofthe Bourbon ""county draftees, forshipment to the War Department atWashington, where they will be permanently lodged. The work. -Will require several days.fe fe isYOU HAD BETTER HURRY BUYTO-DAY.Get your order in early with BruceHolladay for Miss Holladay's" candies.Sugar 'is scarce and the supply willbo limited this year, so order now;Se our Jine of novelty baskets, allshapes and colors all prices.x7 r -BRJ GEHQLIiAD AYt MM I I'M M 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1441 1 1 19The J. T. Hinton Co. fUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERS- Paris Ky)Main .andSIxttiStreetsDay phone 36NlKht : 56or Home 286Motor equipmtnt.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our'ESwUiaflBiBBBBBBBlBBBBBBHaaaaBBBBBHCBaBaBBCBBBBBlEBHVM 'ttf Ml IMM 1 1 1 1LMHJ HI IHULL1UUIHIIHHFruits!"JlPgfRrisf mas StoreJftlaHw' Wljgiffai- mitofeis. more ? -ouraaBii ii n k i. b s x o i niifcHn ii3lti?iifen sales? J tr -m m mSYNDICATE TO BUY KENTUCKYRACE TEACKS.MflRGOLEN'SSutUry.Meit MarketA syndicate has been formed or Jsin the process of formation, of a number of prominent thoroughbredbreeders of Central 'Kentucky to buythe four Kentucky racetracks and coordinate them under one managementThe -purchase Is understood to becontemplated in ordervto,put racingon a cleaner basis UKder; 'conditionswhich will eliminate the probabilityof. , criticism of methods, of racing.- Two,miIlionaires -Tare among, themembers of the syndicate formerSenator Johnson N Camden knd Edward -Simms, formerly a .Bourboncounty turfpoan.. now a TjexasoII,operator, who still retains Kentuckyproperties. A leading -politician andattorney' of Lexington has beenCcommissioned to buy the four'tracksMfthey, are for .sale, but no price hasbeen set.It's EasyTo Shop HereAmerican tfoop in Prance havecontributed 200,000 francs (?40,-000) to. .the adoption of F,rench or-tpnans, tnroueu iue -rveu jivaa.This store has always been the store to have what you want, and when yougive Furniture you give something that pleases the family, as.all can enjoy .a nice Rocker. Rug, Bed, Dresser, Stove or Range. ; '.YOUR DININGSHOULD BE IN ORDER'!ROOMfWe wouldjlike for you jfto look here foranythingyou will needin your dining room.BuffetRug 'o;r Cnina ClosetChairsjXables -i;Try1d faJ6' 'J ! I I -,-. 22p s tsLtd r' r,iS,TJi15 JtiYou Will Like It !A. P.Ctrntr Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, ManagtrOppaiftt CawtHama;.A'w! -t K ri.ciiSfri-ni t v-Sr- r' H.T,,32sA- ,,vii-$rii u i JCrVvSu-S. jA'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOUBBON HEWS PABIS, . KEHTTTCKy;TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1S1??rGOTOTHE J. T.CORNER SIXTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY., FORDependableXmasPresentsK?Cc .I-(1See Our Rugs For Real Valuesj ..We can save you money on Rugs and they make nice-. . . v ' presents.BISSELLVacuum and CarpetSweepersare ideal presents for thehousewife and are 'of greathelp.LETPuritanPhonographsand Recordsmake music in your homeThis ChristmasThey cost less and arebetter. You can paypart.We are Showing Writing Desksof All Kinds in Great Profusion!We have them in all styles and prices and they arevery desirable as presents.Brass Bedsare not only very useful, butvery ornamental. Maybeone of our pretty low pricedones is just what 'you wantfor some one's Christmaspresent.rY If mm&-yimOld StyleMattressTflTfT "aELECTROLIERS!We have justODened a verv beautiful assortment of TEW-;troliers, and the prices are most reasonable. They make appreciated presents. We are also showing a few Gas Lamps.PUT ASIDE YOUR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS NOW. WEDELIVER WHEN YOU WISH.GET HIM AChifforobe, Smoking Stand, Humidor, Morris Chair, EasyRocker, Office Chair, Office Desk, Electrolier, Filing Cabinet.We have just received aj carload of the wonderfulKalfex FibreUphoIsteredFurnitureH Come and see it. Youcan't beat these for presentstanCHILDREN'S. ROCKERS !".l"ii..iii""""".iiiii""i.ii.ii-ii"".."iiii."i""LOOK HERE!Davenports, Rockers, Gen-Carts, Buffets, Serving Tables,Tables, Dining Tables, Dining Chairs, Refrigerators,Writing Desks, Pictures, Mirrors, Blankets, Comforts, OfficeChairs.NOTHING MAKES A PRETTIER PRESENT THAN A DESIRABLE PICTURE. WET HAVE JUST OPENED SOMETHAT ARE BEAUTIFUL.Dressers, Dressing Tables,Wood Beds, Iron Beds, CribsyShirt Waist Boxes, JardiniersPedestals, Desks, Rugs.Join Our Christmas McDougall Cabinet Club$1.00 sends a McDOUGALL as a Chrismas present. Thebest Kitchen Cabinet in the world. Have yours put aside now.Globe - WernickeSectionalBook CasesFkEASEJ EVERYBODYRX3fTHE J. T. HINTON CO.Corner Sixth ' and Main StreetsBoth Teiphones No. 36PARIS, KENTUCKYlV DEATHS...;'i- : MORGAN.jjThe funeral of Mrs. MargaietiWahers Morgan, aged twenty-&e.v-jenljivhodied at ner home, 322 Poranan' avenue, in Lexington, was heldin the Paris Cemetery at threeo'clock Thursday afternoon, withserxyces conducted at the grave byHer.. A. W. Fortune, of Lexington.Mrs. Morgan is survived by herIiusland,"Mr. Cleveland Morgan, vrhoSa a. mepher of the American Expeditionary Forces, in France; lier mother, Mrs.. Alice Weathers; three sisters,.Mrs.J. B. Utterback, Mrs. S. K.Bottom and Miss Alice Weathers; cnebrother, ME. Robert Weathers, andlier, grandmothers, Mrs. Hattie Earnett and Mis. Jane Weathers.RICHART.The body-of Mr. Frank Richart,'m. former resident of Millersburg, -n hodied of influenza last week in Kansas Qity, Mo., was brought to Milleis"burg, Friday, for in.termen.tr Theibodr wasc accompanied by the deceasd'sSon, Lieut. Granville Richart.fTlufc'iiuja.eca!rwas held Friday after2UKW1, with services conducted at thegrave in the Millersburg Cemetery byIter. Morton, of the Presbyterianchurch."Mr. "Richart was a native ofSharpsburg, but liad lived the greater part of his life in Millersburg andMt. Sterling. He was a brother ofDr. d. A. Richart, formerly a wellknown physician of Mt. Sterling, andcousin of Sanford M. Allen andMrs,. Owen Ingels, of Millersburg,and JMrs: Louis Rogers, of Paris..Among those from a distance whoattended the funeral were Mr. andJfclw' Louis Rogers, of Paris, Mrs.SfH$an Pickerell, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.!frfch, Mr. Dwight Bowden and Mr.Jstwyc Alien, 01 wincuesicr.. t-iy BEAN,t t ' , 'yf. fc'rienas in A'ans ana me coumyFrance. His only sister," Mrs. "Etfyn-beth'Coakley, is now visiting at thehome of her son, Mr. C. C. Hadden,and Mrs. Hadden, near North Middletown. HEAL ESTATE DELS.Scott & Adcock, real estate agentsof Winchester, sqjd the farm ofabout seventy acres, belonging to C.S. Moffett, near Austerlitz, thiscounty, to G. L. Holliday, at $185per acre. Mr. Holliday will move tothe property.Dr. S. F. Hamilton, of Mt Sterling, sold Saturday to Mr. DavidEstill, of Paris, his frame cottage onHolt avenue, in Mt. Sterling, for $2,650. Mr. Estill, with his family, will.move to Mt. Sterling and occupy thehome.The handsome home of Mr. Geo.Howard, on Duncan avenue, advertised in THE NEWS to be offered atpublic sale, on last Saturday afternoon, did not sell. Only a few persons were present at the advertisedhour, the very inclement weatherputting "a ban" on the bidders. Theproperty will be offered again at another date.A big" land deal was. consummatedrecently when Mr. Wm. H. WhaTey,Jr., of Paris; purchased the Burgessfarm from Mr. John T. Hedges, for4200 per acre, or about ?41,500 forthe 207 acre tract. The place islocated on the Houston and AntSrchpike, 'near Hutchison, and is considered a bargain. The farm is in a hghstate of cultivation and is substanti-WMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license recorded inthe County Clerk's office under namesof a, prominent Paris couple yesterday was marked, "Please Don't Publish " so THE NEWS won't tell. Thehandsome young bride-to-be resideson South Main street, and the groomis a popular young business man andthe wedding will take place to-ra&igrow (Christmas) morning. THENEWS knew it all alongr and has ntitbeen "scooped,'" but the bride-to-beasked us not to tell in advance. Congratulations just the same!CLAY ROSEBERRY.A social event of the near future will be the marriage of MissAlice Rogers Clay and Mr. Hiram M.Roseberry, both of Paris. Their emgagement was announced Sunday,the wedding date not being givenout. .The bride-to-be is one of the mostgraceful and beautiful young women.in Paris, a daughter of d Mrs. MayStoner Clay, and a young womanwhose graces ofi character are undeniably charming. Her promised husband is but lately released frommilitary service, having held therank of Second Lieutenant at -Ft.Sill, in Oklahoma. Before his indac-.tion into the army he was engagedin farming with his father, Mr. JohnRoseberry, near Paris. He is abrother of Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of;ally improved. Mr. Hedges bought PariSj a popular society girl.the farm from Mr. Julian Fraak in1916 for about $165 per acre.Possession will be given in March.Mr. Whaley bought the farpn as aninvestment.Mr. Carl Long, of Paris, on Saturday, bought two farms, comprising180 acres, located four miles fromMillersburg, near Hooktown, fromJos. Atkinson, and Nat Collier, forthe reported price of $40,000. Mr.Long sold last week to John Bell,x jSl iwill: learn withregret of the deathit former Parisian, Edward Bean,Twklfch. occurred at his home in Mempkii. Team. Mr. Bean was stricken-irit.' heart trouble and lived, but afcV moments after receiving thearftake.Mir: Beta -was formerly a proroi'aejpj, merchant in. North Middletown&m4' Later capne to Paris to reside.Several years ago he left here andweit to .Memphis, where he went intotae Insurance business, meeting withsuacess. He built up a large busi' Jttm ad at the time of his death wasSui&riKtendent of Agencies for oneof tfce largest companies in the basiBees. Ar. Bean was a son of the late Mr.amMrs. Asa Bean, of North Middle-town. He is survived by his widow.M. Sadie White Bean, formerly ofMte- Sterling, and xme daughter, Mrs.Carrie "White Browa, wife of Maj.Hcacef Russell Brown, of LittleJUofc,' Ark., aow, member of the" I near Jacksonville, his farm of 150I acres at $300 per acre. Mr. Longbought the land about a year agofrom Sam Houston and Calvin Jones.It is said that by crops and profit behas realized about $15,000 on his investment.to m5;OUR BIG IEADERS.Fine apples, 50c peck; swoetoranges, 3 5"e a dozen.(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE:fno teg. te,YOUR PATRIOTIC DUTY.Save your pennies in our ChristmasBanking Club and buy U. S. Boundsand Savings Stamps.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRDSTCOMPANY. (X)B Wl Wl .HOLIDAY G&TS.t The A. J, Winters Co,, your headquarters for Holiday gifts. (x)m m toBIRTHS.Afcicaa Bxiitiary Fortes Ik born.,To the wife of Mr .John Honaker, residing on Nineteenth street; ason.Near Ruddles Mills, to the wifeof Mr. Qurrent Cunningham, adaughter.v Near Clay's Cross Roads in thiscounty, to the wife of Mr. EdwardThomas, formerly Miss Ruby Brown.of Louisville, a daughter; theirfiret-TWO MEET ACCIDENTSJMrs. Jospehine Bramblette, venerable mother of Mr. L. B. Bramblette,of the Bramblette Grocery Co., fellon the back porch at her hopie, sustaining severe injuries? Her sufferings were so intense at the timeUhata satisfactory examination could, notbemade in order to ascertain the extent of the injuries. Owing tef'ieradvanced age,j she-being about seventy-eight,her condition is such s tocause grave apprehension. 'Mrs. Elizabeth Smith, aged abouteighty-three, widow of Mr. JohnHenry Smith, of near Jacksonville, isconfined to her room in the MassleMemorial Hospital with a f racturedhip, caused by a fall. Mrs. Smith,whounakes her home with lier wmMr. Will Smith, Superintendent ofttie Paris Cemetery, was visiting" herson, Mr. Charles Smith, in Scotttcounty, when the accident occurred.Shewasbrought- to heMasBfe-ftoVpital for treatpiect.Open Evenings Till After Christmasippers!SIThkftk. of the joy, pleasure and comfort yoirgivewhen you give so appropriate and acceptable sift.FINAL REDUCTION!All Holiday Shoes and Slippers Must BeSold To-day! Now Get Busy!At SpecialBargain PrieesFor Holiday ShoppersVisit our store and yoit willbe convinced that h thebest money-saving place inDependableFootwear!Slippers 49c UpIl i1 i mJ m ' rIk 11700 Jfl" I "W ft ' V&-&.$5.95Ladies Dark Gray boots, best custom makesLadies' Havana Brown English cBoots, calf tops yO.WLadles' Mahogany Tan English q aqBoots, cloth tops to match, at yorJLadies' Gun Metal, button o qand lace.-low heel, at 4AKJMisses' Gun Metal, buttonat$1.99MenVDarfe Tan English Walk- e COvex and other famous makes . . . . O.OUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, 4 evMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, 0 ACkEnglish ...!. $0.4lfMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- eo ACkmg Shoe, heavy flexible soles $0.4Uys:.Ay.sh?!? ,..$3.49jDAN COHENWhere Beauty and EcMHy RcifnParis' Greatest Shoe Store-of?(J-Hjni(Uijh V--!. - Ay W. . ,). v d$, '' 'y "v,-