. .5. " 7 . ijr,lvnA. iNEWSX6 f- ?. .PUBLISHED EVERY TtJEgDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1918" .m4( r fwt- .. a" f , aw, ? v-wu& Jsn'p --g-,-,, ...THE BOURBONl4TPARIS VISITED BY THE WHITESHEETED VIGILANTSIt was like a scene from "The Birthof A Nation," or a chapter from "TheClansman" Saturday night, when the"big crowd on the street rubbed theireyes at the strange apparitions thatgreeted them. In double file mounted steeds, clad in flowing white fromhead to hoof and tail, with their riders clad in the same ghostly colors,peaked caps with only eye-holes betraying the physical presence underneath, marched solemnly up thestreet, followed by fifteen automobiles, all white-clad, their occupantslooking in their white vestments,like inhabitants of another world. Inthe rear seats of the last machine sata somber, black-clad figure, snuggledup between the two white-clad "hooded terrors." Across the hollows ofthe arm several of the riders carriedrifles and shotguns, emblematic of"something likely to be doing" incase of necessity.Not a word was spoken as theghostly cavalcade stalked noiselesslythrough the streets, distributinghandbills, bearing the. wording inred ink:"NOTICE!"EVERYBODY MUST WORK!trv7ork means six days a week. Noloafing: will be allowed here. No disloyal acts. No foolish acts tolerated.Everybody must work."THIS MEANS EVERYBODY."The strange-appearing visitors apparently came from nowhere and vanished to the same airy place afterthey had passed through Paris. Theirwork apparently done, they simplyvanished, and no one on the crowdedstreets was any wiser than when theKlan first appeared. No violence wasattempted by the visitors, who seemedgrimly intent only on seeing that thecirculars they were spreading reachedeverybody's hands. The effect wasat once visible. A hush fell on thenoisy crowds, as it became apparentthat the visit was a business one, andno picnic. Expressions of approvalwere soon heard on all sides, and-well-known characters who haveoeen living on nobody knows whatand how, took alarm, and slunkaway. No warning could have beenmqre effectively "administered, and after the Klan had passed on their waythere was a general discussion amongthose on the streets, in which it wasvnally the opinion that "everybodyhad better find some work to do." Itwas also the opinion among a majority of the people that the visitationwas the outcome of the agitationamong farm hands and other laborerscaused by developments in the caseof the three men who were tried yesterday for conspiracy.For some time there has seemed tobe a spirit of unrest among a certain element of the laboring class ofcolored people here, believed by manyto have been the secret work of someGerman propagandist. Governmentagents working in conjunction withthe city and county authorities havediscovered evidence pointing to a plotto embarras farmers and others in securing labor for planting and harvesting their crops through makinglabor scarce, and those who wouldwork demanding exhorbitant wages,some of them as high as ?8.00 perday, and a guarantee that they wouldbe taken to and from their homes inautomobile trucks.The effect of the night visit of theKlan was very noticeable on thestreets yesterday and labor was willing to go to work on the farms atreasonable wa'ges rather than risksomething worse. Opinion differedamong many as to the wisdom of thedisplay, some alleging that it waswrong, but right or wrong, it has hadits effect and the labor situation, sofar as Bourbon county is concerned,will be partly relieved.SIXR THE GARDEN AND LAWN.Lawn mowers, garden hose andgrass hooks at prices you are not usedto. Come in and let us show yousome realv bargains in this line. Wereally save you money.(28-tf) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.GRADUATING GIFTS.What would be nicer for tntswtet girl graduate than aVtrlthin Gruen Wrist Watch?Lots of other appropriate gifts,tooA. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)GET READY FOR PLEDGE WEEKFOR WAR SAVINGS.Miss Elizabeth Steele, who hascharge of the War ' Savings Stampcampaign in this city and county,has opened headquarters in theBourbon-Agricultural Bank buildingat the corner" of Main and Broadway,and, with a corps of assistants, isbusy making preparations for theopening of the campaign.The campaign is making steadyprogress under Miss Steele's management, and it 'is sacfe to Bay that twill continue to do so until the funquota is raised. Bourbon has beenasked to raise $340,000. With reports completed up to Saturday thesubscriptions had reached a total otS187.976.75. The subscriptions coming in yesterday will materially Increase the amount.DESHA DEEPLY DEPLORES OURSATURDAY NIGHT PARADEIn his paper, the Lexington Herald,yesterday morning, Editor DeshaBreckinridge, in an editorial, whichhe says was left over frqm Sunday,weeps over the sins of Bourboncounty people, and their utter lackof self-respect in permitting the"parade" of Saturday night, withwhich we are all familiar by thistime. Deshay regrets the occurrencevery much, as almost bearing on lawlessness, at the same time forgettingthat Lexington isn't smelling like arose, by any means.Deshay gets a case of indigestionpretty often and imagines he hasbeen Heaven-sent as a corrector ofwrongs and a purveyor of righteousness for all the neighboring towns.Our advice to Deshay is that Parisand Bourbon county will always beajinply able to take care of their ownaffairs, and if a counsellor is neededit will not be Deshay. Take care ofyour own redlight districts, gamblers,gambling dens, saloons, thugs, stickup men and -numerous other thingsthat might be mentioned while wehold our fingers to our nose. Bourbon county will take care of its ownaffairs, Deshay.Suppose, D,eshay, you pay a littlemore attention to your Thrift Stamp"business." Get over your grouchover not being appointed Collector ofInternal Revenue. We were an applicant for the Paris postofflce, butwe had no grouch when another competent man was selected for the place.And forget about that little occurrence when your relative was setdown upon in the War Department.Follow Campbell Cantrill's advice,"Stick to pink teas, where you are awheel horse," Woman's Suffrage andthe like, and let the management ofthe war and politics go to someoneelse. Don't you recall that CampZachary Taylor was located in Louisville and Secretary Baker retainedas Secretary of War in spite of your,"We, I, Us and Ourself" editorials?And don't forget that you can notmanage Bourbon county affairs inyour editorial columns. Better put insome of your time discounting thebad effects of County Judge GeorgeBatterton's and John Stoll's lettersthat were addressed to you.Don't forget, too, Deshay, thatBourbon county didn't come to -youfor editorial advice as to how sheshould manage her Red Cross andLiberty Loan campaigns, in whichthe county went over the top andalmost forgot about it while youwere making apologies and explanations in The Herald for Fayette'scampaign progressing slowly, and"the farmers not responding as theyshould." We repeat that Bourboncounty will always take care of itsown affairs, and will not feel the necessity of calling on Deshay to become manager. Go to, Deshay, andclean your own house before you tryto sweep the floor of Bourbon county.And do you recall, Deshay, thatthe Federal investigation of viceconditions in Lexington, showed fromstatistics that your city, according topopulation, ranked third in the United States as a vice center, Chicagobeing first? Pretty tough for you tocriticize "lawless acts" in Bourbon,eh! We are thankful we are not inthe Chicago class, Deshay.The "tragedy" which you fear, asexpressed in your editorial, will nevercome, as the people of Bourboncounty will see well to it that itdoes not come. Keep your nose outof our affairs, Deshay, and learn thetruth of that well-worn and oft-repeatedmaxim, "The meddler in otherpeople's business always comes togrief." Good-bye, Deshay, and mayyou realize in time that we of Bourbon county will take care of whathappens here.STRAW HATS.Of all kinds, from Sennets to Panamas. If your straw hat comes fromDavis' it is right.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Js PaD. OF C. DECORATE GRAVES OECONFEDERATE VETERANS.The graces of the Confederate deadin the Paris Cemetery were decoratedyesterday afterndon with flowers bythe members of Richard HawesChapter of the Daughters of Confederacy and the John H. Morgan CampUnited Confederate Veterans! TheThe principal address of the occasionwas delivered by Mr. John J. Williams. The two attractive littledaughters of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. H.Ewalt 'gave reoitations appropriateto the occasion. A feature of the occasion was the presence of the Liberty Drum ind Bugle Corps, whosounded the assembly call at the beginning of the ceremonies, and"taps" at its conclusion.PRIVATE SCHOOL- CLOSED.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolclosed Thursday, May 30th, with agraduating class of seven MissesElizabeth Clay, Lucy Ferguson, Elizabeth Henry, Dorothy Jacoby, Willie Sojper, Masters Huston Jacoby, J.T.edmon and William Wornall.German Submarines AttackShips on New Jersey Coast"KTCTXr VVDTT T,, O e ... "!HUH AVTJLVX.. t U-I1C d. lillf. SLCH.111-sniD, one scnooner and two or three-other vessels have been sunk off the.,Jersey coast by a German submarineThe ships were attacked some timeduring the night, according to information which was received here.1Details are not immediately availa-.hie.The port authorities' barred the departure of outgoing ships this fore-1noon.It is presumed here that the submarine or submarines are now beingdealt with by American destroyers.One of the ships sunk was the Edward H. Cole, a sailing vessel.It. was asserted in shipping circles,tnat is was possioie that as many assix additional vessels were destroyed,not incuding those known to havebeen sunk.NEW YORK, June 3. A wirelessS. 0. S. call from the New York andPorto Rico Line passenger steamshipCarolina saying that she was beingattacked by a submarine, was received here to-day.The S. 0. S. picked up by the navywireless from the Carolina said theI steamer was being shelled by the submarine.The New York and Porto RicoSteamship Company was advised thisafternoon from Washington that theWHEN, WHERE AND HOW OURBOYS MUST REGISTER.WHO MUST REGISTER: Allmale persons (citizens or aliens)born between June 6, 1896 and June5, 1897, inclusive, except officers"and enlisted men of the regulararmy, navy and Marine corps, andthe national guard and naval militiawhile in Federal service, and 'in officers' reserve corps and enlisted menin the service corps while in activeservice.WHEN: On Wednesday, June 5,1918, between 7 a. m. and 9 p. pi.WHERE: At office of LocalBoard having jurisdiction where theperson to be registered permanentlyresides, or other places designated bythat lnnal Knarlviv v,cw uv.u. j,HOW: Go in person on June 5 toyour registration place. If you expect to be absent from home on June5, go at once to the office of the localboard where you happen to be.Have your registration card filled outand certified. Mail it to the localboard having jurisdiction where youpermanently reside. Enclose a self-yI SBSBB5 11Keep Cool These Hot DaysWith Comfortable, Light Weight ClothesPalm Beach Coat and Trousers seesigandMohair Clothsclothes that are tailored and made withoutlining, that fit and hold their shape regardless of the- lightweight fabrics from which they are made. Solid greys,fancy greens, tans and blues. . .$ 1 2.50 to $25.00Light Slimmer Underwear Jyg g8alU-white nainsook," light weight? lisle and linen union suitsfrom ?.........,..$1.50 to $5,00Straw Hats, Panamas and Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shoes. EverythingTybu nted In SummerClothes you will find at our store.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORECarolina had been shelled by a sub-jiutrme ana tnat the passengera andcrew had been taken to the boats.AN ATLANTIC POJtT, June 3.A British ship which came into portat full speed to-day reported havingpicked up wireless appeals for helpfrom two American tank steamerswhich were being attacked off theNew Jersey coast. Both of the tankers reported they were sinking.'NEW YORK, June 3. Two moreAmerican vessels, the Hattie Dunnand the Samuel W. Hathaway havebeen sunk by German submarines.J Details of the additional sinkingsnaa not been received early this afternoon, but the report was that theyhad fallen; victims to the enemysomewhere off the New EnglandcoastThe torpedoing of ships off the NewJersey coast, followed by the reportof more destructions off NantucketSJioals, nearly 200 miles to the eastwas taken as an indication that thehostile submarines were operating innumber and that plan of the Germanadmiralty probably was . to concentrate the TJ-boats in a practical blockade of the principal ports of embarkation being used for American transports. addressed, stamped envelope withyour' registration certificate. Failureto get this certilcate may cause youserious inconvenience. You must mailyour registration card in time toreach your home local board on June'5. If your are sick on June 5 andunable to present yourself in personsend some competent friend. Theclerk may deputize him to prepareyour card.INFORMATION: If you are indoubt as to what to do or where toregister consult your local board.PENALTY FOR NOT REGISTERING: Failure to register is a misdemeanor punishable by imprisonmentfor one year. It may result in lessjof valuable rights. and 'privileges andimmediate 'induction into militaryService.. w ,-r, "z ra lei paSUMMER TIME LUXURIES ANDREAL NECESSITIES.We will save you money on refrigerators, porch and lawn swings. Therefrigerators are ice-savers and thebest to be had. The swings arestrong and classy large stock.(28-tf)" FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.J. Stuart Wallingford and LandenTemplin; of Paris, have gone to theGreat Lakes Naval Training Schoolat Great Lakes, 111., where they willbe given special training in the service. They enlisted recently at Louisville. Mr. Garrett Allen Turner, who ison the U. S. S. South Carolina, is athome on a furlough, to be at the bedside of his mother, Mrs. W. P. Turner. Mrs. Turner, who was operatedon at the Massie Memorial Hospital,is slightly improved.A letter has been received here byMr. and Mrs. James Rye, of Secondstreet, from their son, Mr. John Rye,who stated that he had arrived inFrance as a member of the America-nExpeditionary Force for overseasduty. Young Rye wrote that he wasin excellent health and eager to getinto the fray with the Boches.Mr. James B. McNamara, Jr., sonof Mr. and Mrs. James McNamara, ofParis, -has enlisted, and been acceptedfor service in the' United States Navy.Mr. McNamara will enter the serviceas a second class seaman. He is 'anexperienced auto mechanic and maylajer be assigned to the aviationcorps as a gas engine pnechanic.Mr. Clay Thomas and family andMrs. George H. Wilson, all of NorthMiddletown, were recent visitors atCajmp Zachary Taylor, where theywent to see Mr. Marion Thomas, whois a member of the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40.. They reportthe Bourbon boys as all well andseeming to enjoy camp life.While standing near a companystreet at Camp Forrest, Ga., Mr. CarlLenox, formerly of Paris, a memberof the army service stationed there,was struck by a passing fire truck.He was knocked down and sustainedpainful injuries. Mr. Lenox is in theBase Hospitai at Camp Forrest, andwill soon be able to be out.Miss Lila Lenox, of Pleasantstreet, is in receipt of a letter fromjher cousin,, Mr, Smith, Hill, who wasa member of the -Bourbon - countycontingent at Camp Zachary Taylor,stating that he had arrived safely inFrance. His address is Private SmithHill, 1st Battery Field Artillery, R.A. P. O. No. 722, American Expeditionary Force.Mr. LaVon Miller, son of Rev. andMrs. C. R. Miller, who recently movedto Paris,- from Elkton, Ky., enlistedSaturday in the Coast Artillerybranch of the service. Mr. Miller leftfor Akron, Ohio, to visit friends before going to the cantonment. YoungMiller, who would have been included in the provisions of the registration on June 5, would not wait to bedrafted, and patriotically volunteered. . t (Miss Mary K. Stone, a member ofthe nursing staff of the Dr. BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40, writes toher mother Mrs. Thos. Taul, in thiscity, that she had been called toNew York City for service in the U.S. Army Hospital Corps. Miss Stonewas with the Unit at Camp ZacharyTaylor, and left with the members ofthe nursing staff for Camp Green, N.C, and later for Washington, D. C,where they were on waiting orders.The detachment will probably leavesoon for France.Simon Buchanan, of Clintonville,who went to F't. Thomas, with thedetachment from Bourbon county recently, has been transferred to Chester, Pa., where several other Bourbon boys are stationed.Mr. Miller Mcllvaine, formerly ofthis city, who has been a resident ofNebraska, for some time, is now amember of Uncle Sam's army, havingvolunteered in the service. Mr. Mcllvaine accompanied the Bourboncounty delegation to Camp ZacharyTaylor last Wednesday, where he wasinducted into the service.A postcard, postmarked CampShelby, Miss., and addressed to"Some Nice Girl, Paris Ky.f care ofPostmaster, Paris, Ky.," was placedin; THE NEWS mail box by the perplexed postal officials, in the hope itmight reach some Bourbon countygirl, who would answer ' it. Thepostcard bore this message:'Good day, little girl, whoevermay Teceive this. I am lonely andwould enjoy getting and reading aletter from a girl in piy old homeState. Write to me and it would bea pleasure for a lonely soldier to correspond with you. Address Sergt.Floyd Hensley, 4th O. T. C, Its Co.Inftry, Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg,Miss."PKEPABING TO DRILLThe Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo.. of this city, is making prepara-!tions for drilling in a new well on Lumber Co., has purchased the Stamtheir leases on the William Raider i ler property on Main street, formerlylfarm in the oil territory. They aremow rise'Jig up me muumuery at meiauu ium. rui. msuouciu iiu".? XT- 1. 2 - . X IV . INo. 2 welll - .ALLEGED PROPAGANDISTS ARE,TAKEN INTO CUSTODYFollowing an investigation by the,city and county authorities, and .a.representative from the Departnwatof Justice, of the recent agitatioacaused here by the issuance of a circular designed to stir up strifeamong colored laborers of the cityand county, a warrant was sworn outFriday from the office of County Attorney D. D. Cline for the arrest ofJohn Asher, Thos. Cage and W. H.Robinson, all colored. The warrantswhich charged the trio with a criminal conspiracy by concerting together to commit acts which wouldtend to disturb the public, disruptthe peace, injure public trade, etc.,was served on the trio by DeputySheriff J. O. Marshall. They weretaken to the office of County AttorneyCline, where after a preliminarystatement had been made, they wereadmitted to bond in the sum of $2(J0each for Robinson and Asher and$100 for Cage, for their appearancein court yesterday morning. Thebonds were, signed by James Duncan,a colored farmer of the Little Rockprecinct.Cage denied any participation in.the affair, and said "that his namehad been wrongfully used and without his knowledge or consent; thathe did not even see or sign the document and that he krew nothingabout it until the matter appearedin the papers. Asher stated that thebills were to have been used merely;to protect his interest as a barberand to discourage price-cutting bythe barbers of this city, and that thepublic had been given a wrong conception of the affair. It is alleged'that Robinson is the tool of someGerman propagandist, who seeks tcjfoment trouble and discord amongthe negro farm laborers with a viewto causing a loss of the crops andthereby help to dimiish the f ood supply of the county. It was allegedthat he was the author of the haud-bill which was the original cause 'ofthe trouble.Af io trial P V. r.n Jti-i. nit uiat ui cue uaaca cLgcuusuthe three men was held yesterday before County Judge George Batterton,resulting after the introduction of.amass of testimony, pro and con,, inthe dismissal of the men on thecharges. The prosecution was represented by County Attorney D J)Cline, wiiltheefeilJtoestfjLi.were in the Iiands of Hon. E. M7Dickson and Attorney John J. Williams. At the conclusion of the hearing the men were dismissed from,custody.A GIFT WORTH WHILEIf you have a boy or girl, asweetheart or friend who willgraduate this year, give him orher a gift worth while something that will be kept and,cherished. We have lots otthose kind of gifts.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft) QCOUNTY WINS THE DECISIONAccording to a decision handeddown Saturday by Special Judge Geo.R. Hunt, of Lexington, who wis"agreed upon by the attorneys interested, to try the case, Bourbon countywill receive the amount of ?2,500from back taxes for the years 19121916, inclusive, from the estate of thelate P. J. Millet, former millionairerace horse breeder of this county.The title of the suit was the Commonwealth of. Kentucky vs. the Mechanics National Bank & Trust Co.,of Knoxville, Tenn., trustee of theestate of P. J. Millet. The decisionhinged upon the question of whetherBourbon county was the legal residence of Mr. Millett. For many yearsup to the time of his death, Mr. Millet was the owner of a fine Bourboncounty farm, the old Hibler place onthe Jackstown pike, near this city,where he successfully bred racehorses. The amount of the estateowned by him in this county aggregated about S240.000. T-hfi trusteebank was represented by Hon. E. M.Dickson, of Paris, and the Commonwealth interests were taken care ofby County Attorney D. D. Cline. Thesuit was instituted in the original,court by former Sheriff W. P. Talbott.A m m vHED CROSS PONY SOLD.A handsome pony, sired by Cock! 'Robin, champion prize winner inmany events, which waa presented tothe Ladies Bible Class of the NorthMiddletown Christian church. yrv,sold at public .auction qn the courthouse square yesterday by Auctioneer" M. F. Kenney.The pony was bid up to S190, atwhich price it was sold to a coterie - -ofmen who had formed a "pool"for that purpose. It was again. offered for sale and disposed of to Patrolman Robert Lusk for $56. The proceeds derived from the sale of taepony will be devoted to Red Croeawork by the ladies of the Bible class.REAL ESTATE' DEAIS. -Through the Paris Realty Co., Mr.Monroe Mansfield, of the Templin(the home of Capt. James M, TfeoaMS. k J tf w 3 l - f m nfa a A a I A 1M1 V4bn AOi.f d the property as an invwitMemt. - 4lV tn'v.VJ.lVa!Mn .yi virw!'Ci&?Mfer-L'1.nfcrkK'luffr-rTHE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE TWOTUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1$1S. -lm BOURBON NEWSrtblislied 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayifPsr Year..?2.oo 6 Months. .?i.uuPayable in Adavance.. WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the-fcarftcter, standing or reputation of-aay peraon, firm or corporation which.cmay appear in the columns of THBJ390URB0N NEWS will be gladly cor-abed' if 'brought to attention of theditor.-ADVERTISING RATES..tSHsplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perftfcach for first time; 50 cents per inchT"ach subsequent insertion.' Reading Notices, 10 cents per line'sfcch Issue; reading notices In black3ype, 20 cents per line, each issue.'Card of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andataiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special ratea for large advertisea'saents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved4o decline any advertisement or otheraatter for publication.Announcements for political officesxcdnst invariably be accompanied by'flShe cash.- This paper has enlisted?vith the government in the-cause of America for theperiod of the-war.EDITORIAL .MUSINGS.w"How To Deal With Agitators.In view of the agitation created byU&e recent arrest of three coloredvznen in this city, charged with con-;spiracy, and .with other things that; perhaps.may develop later on, it is-strange -that there should be somer-eople in this city who should en-deavor to minimize the offense, andzto say that it wasn't as bad as it ap-Seared. And it is very strange thatthere should be a newspaper which-would keep silent on the subject.To THE NEWS the statements"made in the circular which these men'were about to give out smack very-.strongly of I. W, W. methods andi, re-German influence somewhere.That the circulars failed to get in-circulation was due to the combined-watchfulness a-nd foresight of a-news-r,'paper man and the Chief of Police."The newspaper man scented some-'thing wrong at once, and got in comVmunication with the authorities. Soathe "revolution" failed to "revolve."That does not lessen the possiblessuilt of those who inspired it and"whatever influences are behind it.All whose guilt in connection withthe affair -can be established shouldthe given scant ceremony. This cityand county cannot with safety to thecitizens7exhibit leniency toward suchpersons as Robinson, Cage and Asher,or the men higher up, because theyiiappened to be caught. The way todiscourage such things is to make thei ipimishment so severe that there will: snever be a repetition of the offenseT "-within the knowledge of the present. ? generation.THE NEWS recognizes and ap-.proves the element of colored citizen-- -.ship fn this city and county, which,f, fortunately, is largely in the ascend-ency, who are law-abiding, patriotic? -racnd who severely repudiate the ac' tion of Robinson, Cage and Asher.To. them will be delegated the task ofy Whelping to ferret out the schemersho would cause trouble in their-midst and bring disgrace on their? "race. Now is the very time to nip- "lids business in the bud and make"?the nipping so very effective that thepincers will hurt those to whom itmay be justly applied. In these" troublous times there is no room for' ssuch propaganda as that incendiarycircular would surely have startedifcad it been given general circulation.Girl Students and Dress.College girls were once thought of- -as angular and spectacled creatures-who wasted little thought on per-- sonal appearance. They were supv "posed to be immersed in languages- va,nd the "ologies," and not to care:fbr the allurements of the shops.Of late there is some criticism of over1diessing by college and High Schoolsgirls. The economics department ofOhio State University is one institution that has' talcen up this matter,nd has arranged exhibits of simple-clothes suited to girls of the class''room.Several of our newspaper exchang-- 6 have -recently "remarked on thegrowitfguse of cosmetics by girl stu-ints. One constantly sees in thenewspapers the report of some ven-turesome High School principal wholias dared to interfere in the delicate. Matter of student apparel.' For a girl of the student age to"Tpeort much to elaborate dressing or- other artificial aids to beauty, is sig-nincant of serious misunderstanding;hoth of life and of her own gifts. Afresh young face and the vivaciousmanner of youth are of themselvesenough to please and charm.These effects are far superior toanything to be produced by .manufactured accessories. When a girl resorts to artificial aid, it is a kind ofconfession that she has gone bankrupt on natural charm, that herbirthright, the beauty of young womanhood has gone broke, and thatshe must borrow of the beauty parlor. It is an interesting footnote on thetendencies of the age, that the college girl is being complained of forover-dressing. In pioneer days ofwomen's colleges, the students hungered for the world's treasure houseof knowledge, and were indifferent tothe subtile methods of femininecharm. To-day girls' colleges attractall sorts and conditions of women.If this student body has faults, suchas over-dressing, they are the faultsof the girl of the period.Another Kind of June Wedding.Not all the June wedding announcements are of the frilly, fluffy,bridesmaidy kind of thing, frequently one reads in the papers ofsecret marriages and elopements,where the only decorations are thedingy furnishings of a justice of thepeace office, and the only attendantsthe legal witnesses. The newspapersscent a romance, however, and settheir crack sleuths at work to scareup a story and scare head.Probably the publicity given bythe newspapers to affairs of this kindis largely due to the injudicious attitude of the families. Many parents,if they do not approve of a marriage,try to keep it out of the papers. Tonewspapers of the yellow type, thisoperates as a powerful incentive touse every effort to get a story on theaffair.If the family does not approve ofa marriage, the wise course for themis to keep their disapproval to themselves, and frankly give out the details of the ceremony, which areusually simple and short enough.This disarms the newspaper detectives. When there is no desire manifested for concealment, the sleuthscan't see any chance for a story.The report is boiled down and putin an inconspicuouss place. The public reads and forgets.If the family refuses to give outany facts, however, the yellow newspapers print a story in which imagination fills all gaps. Home paperslocated more closely to the peoplemay or may not keep it out. Buteven if they join in the policy of suppressions, this does not silence gossip. Indeed it directly aggravates it,for the more feeling people show overand affair, the more the gossips talk.Frank publication of facts aboutany event stops all that. This is notmerely true of weddings, but of manyother happenings, where people onlyaggravate their own troubles by trying to suppress things that can't beconcealed.More Nurses Needed.So rapidly are trained nurses entering military and Red Cross service that there will soon be a shortage in the number needed at home.Something must be done at once, toward building up a reserve. Domestic health is of vital importance, ifthe country is to put its whole economic strength back of the men atthe front.Nursing is a profession requiringcharacter, perseverance, intelligenceand physical endurance. Two orthree years of close application arerequired before proficiency can behoped for. Many a woman has entered nursing from romantic notionsonly to fine that she had had a verysuperficial idea of what wrould be required of her. There is an urgentdemand at ttiis time for young womenof another sort. There is need of applicants who will understand thatrigid discipline and the many unpleasant tasks of their hospital training are highly important features oftheir preparation for real work.Paris boasts of several young women who have gone in for nursingsince America entered the world-war.There must be in this city manyother young women who are restlessfrom inaction, who are anxious to dosomething for the national cause, andwho can do that something in no bettre way than through the honorableand vitally important profession ofnursing.WILL CALL 280,000 MEN DURINGJUNE.WASHINGTON, June 3. Officialannouncement was made to-day that280,000 men will be called to thecolors during June. They will be ordered to report June 24, but it hasnot yet been determined to whatoamps they can be assigned so thelist of apportionments is for the present being withheld.The quota, is based on estimates ofthe space available for the men incamps Und cantonments. If the rateI of' shipment of troops across again israisea sun more men may be called.In any event, the probabilities arethat enough men will be called forppecial 'service to round the numbefout to 300,000.We would all get on better if wewere as ready to profit by our ownmistakes as we are to profit by themistakes of others." fc Wl PBJ 'The trouble with the See-Every-thingdresses is that a lot of the girlswho show through haven't anything'to show.THRIFT AND WARSAVINGS STAMP DKfVESATURDAY, JUNE 1, THE BIG WAR SAVINGS AND THRIFT STAMPDRIVE IN BOURBON COUNTY BEGAN, AND BOURBON'S PATRIOTIC PEOPLE WILL AGAIN BE CALLED UPON TO SUBSCRIBEFOR LIBERAL PURCHASES OP THRIFT AND WAR SAVINGSSTAMPS.Already more than one hundred people have subscribed for thelimit, one thousand dollars worth of War Savings Stamps, thereby enrolling themselves on the honor roll. Many others have made purchasesof stamps in lesser, amounts and already more than half of BourbonCounty's allotment has been subscribed.Miss Elizabeth Steele, who has been designated as Chairman ofthe soliciting committee in Bourbon, has named a number of prominentwomen from different precincts in the county to assist in the stamp sale.It is the purpose of Miss Steele and her assistants to see every person in the county, and give them an opportunity to purchase Thriftand War Savings Stamps. If, however, anyone is overlooked, theyshould seek out some member of the committee and make their purchases. Thrift and War Savings Stamps are undoubtedly the very best U.S. Government investment available to-day, and were the amount allotted to each person not limited, the entire issue would have beenquickly subscribed for by the wealthy investors of the country.The Government's purpose in placing on sale Thrift and War Savings Stamps and limiting the purchase of same was to allow every person, no matter how meager his income, to acquire gilt edged Government paper that would yield a snugalso made whereby a lhnft or War Savings Stamp owner could get hismoney and interest at any time by calling on his Postmaster. This latter provision, together with the excellent rate of interest on War Savings Stamps make them appeal to every person with money to invest.In the three Liberty Loan sales in Bourbon, the Governmentasked that Bourbon investors purchase about a million dollars in government bonds. Bourbon patriots responded by purchasing nearly oneana one-nair minions or tne Donas.The Government asked that the people in Bourbon County assist the Red Cross Society, placing our quotas in the two drives at anaggregate of $35,000. Bourbon patriots answered thecall by subscribing nearly double the amount.The Y. M. C. A. asked for funds from Bourbon that the Y. M: C.A. War Work could be carried forward that our soldiers might be givenevery comfort possible while at the front. In this appeal Bourbonpeople promptly and generously responded.And again, when the Knights of Columbus asked Bourbon citizensfor funds to assist in war work, Bourbon people quickly respondedby more than doubling the allotment asked of them.As is usual, Bourbon people, always responsive to the calls of theirgovernment, will quickly oversubscribe Bourbon County's allotmentin the Thrift and War Savings Stamps drive.Chairman S. E. Bedford has kept busy during the past few daysdelivering War Savings and Thrift Stamps to Bourbon purchasers.The allotment for Bourbon County is more than half sold and the remaining unsold stamps will be quickly subscribed for. Don't wait fora member of the Soliciting Committee to call on you. Look them up,or better still, call on Mr. Bedford at the Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany, and make your purchases. Credit for the sale will be givenany of the Committee purchasers designate.Miss Elizabeth Steele, Chairman of the Soliciting Committee, hasannounced her assistants as follows :N. Middletown No. 1 .Mrs. John Collins and Mrs. Allie Dickson.Millersburg No. 1 .Mrs. C. M. Best.N. Middletown No. 2 Mrs. Walter Kenney and Mrs.James Dodge.Hutchison Mrs. George Jacoby.Centerville No. 2. Mrs. T. H. Tarr.Centerville No. 1 Mrs. Birdie Clay Webb, Mrs. Annie B. Wallace.Clintonville Miss Catherine Weathers.Shawhan Mrs. George Current.Little Rock Mrs. Elmer Boardman.LOCAL CHAPTER OF "FATHERLESS CHILDREN OF FRANCE."Bourbon County is to have herown chapter of the organizationknown as "The Fatherless Childrenof France." During the past yearabout fifty of these unfortunate littletots have found foster parents herein our midst, and as the interest intheir welfare is on the increase, ithas been considered best to have alocal chapter through which to carryon this splendid work.Those who have already adoptedthese French babies, through hearing directly from the children ortheir nearest relative, and receivingtheir pictures, have become so greatly attached to their little sons anddaughters over there, that in someinstances they are anxious to transport them to America.It is a tragic fate that has overtaken these innocent little victims,just the same kind of children as ourshere at home, a-nd $36.50 a year is aninsignificant sum to give in order toinsure food to a little child and enable it to stay with its own mother.Have you, perhaps, any childrenin your home? Then you can understand whatsit would mean to themshould conditions in France be duplicated in Bourbon County.Have you any who are cripples?Suppose they had once been welland strong and happy until someGerman soldier come along and cutoff their arms and legs.Have you a little child safe in the"land that is fairer than day?"Then in mercy give in its memory toone of these little ones in that unfortunate country whose only placeof safety is a cellar.Have you no child at all? Thensurely you are the one above allothers who can best afford to keeplife in a little child of France.Call Mrs. Arthur Hancock, eitherphone 575, and she 'will give you information and subscription blanks.The reason a girl likes to have apimple where her LaValliere shouldbe is because- Bill Bryan-hates to seelhis name in print.rate of interest. 'A provision wasPROSPECTS FOR BLUEGRASSSEED GROP FORECAST.Dealers in this city who handlethe annual blhegrass seed crop haveestimated that there will be from450,000 to 500,000 bushels of seedproduced in this district this season.Of this amount Bourbon county'syield is expected to reach 100,000bushels.No price has been set as yet forthe seed, and no very extensive preparations have been made for the harvest, which will come a little later.The old seed is retailing for $2.75per bushel, with a considerable surplus on hand left over from lastyear's crop.Some of the dealers who had strippers in the field last year will notsend out their teams this year. Thescarcity of labor and the high pricesthat will have to be paid for labor ofthe kind necessary for harvestingthe crop will deter many of themfrom entering the. fields. One dealerin Paris, Mr. Edward Burke, willoperate a gang of strippers in Clarkcounty, where he has contracted for alarge acreage.Owing to the fact that the Government requires the dealers to haveonly such seed as is able to showa certified per cent, of germinationqualities, the dealers in this sectionwill be very careful about purchasingextensive quantities of green seed.URGENT CALL FOR NURSESWomen between 'the ages of 21 and35 who have had a high school education or its equivalent, will be eligible for admission to the ArmySchool of Nursing, arrangements forwhich were recently made by theWar Department. It is intended tostart several schools in selected military hospitals. Unless otherwisespecified, applications should be sentdirectly to the Army School of Nursing, office of the Surgeon. General ofthe Army, Washington, D. C.ENGLISH PAJER ,tPATS TRIBUTE' t TO AJMJgCANS.Corajneating on hetcapture ofCantigny oy the Americans the London, (Eng.) Evening News says:"Bravo! The young Americans!Nothing in to-day's battle narrativefrom the front is more exhilaratingthan the account of their fight atCantigny. It was clean cut frombeginning to end, like one of theircountrymen's short stories, and theshort story of Cantigny is going toexpand into a full length novel,which will write the doom of theKaiser and Kaiserism."We expected it. We have seenthose young Americans in London,and merely to glance at them wasto know that they are conquerorsand brothers in that great Anglo-Saxon-Latincompact, which willbring down the diabolical Prussianidol, with its poisons and calculatedinfamies, to enthrone chivalrous humanity again."They do not swagger and theyhave no war illusions. They havedone their first job with swift precision, characteristic of the UnitedStates, and Cantigny will one day berepeated a thousand fold. On thatday the Kaiser's crown will go to theAllied Museum."For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure If sold immediately.Home Phone 102." (26-tf)Farms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. (14-6t)LOSTSquare gold watch charm, withdiamond in center and initials "C. C."on back. Finder return to undersigned and receive liberal reward.CARL CRAWFORD.Lend HimAHanForPATRIOTISMUBBHYBdBJDS"Actions speak louder iharrwords -Act- Don Talk -Buy Now1The Nation's NeedsCome FirstAny patriotic American would glady standaside and give his place anywhere to an officeron government duty.The placing of the.Bell telephone system at thedisposal of the government, as was done whenwar broke out, involved the same patriotic obligation. During the months of military preparedness,the War and Navy Departments had the serviceof the most comprehensive and efficient telephonesystem in the world. And it must be kept so. Inthe face of the unprecedented demand from private sources, every government need must andwill be met.The government comes first, but we are' doing everything that science can .suggest and thatmoney can accomplish to maintain our generalservice at the usual standard of efficiency. Aloyal organization is working continuously to meetthe increased demands and your patient co-operationwill prove fcelpf ul and inspiring.Telephone users can help by avoiding uselessconversation and by encouraging their employesand associates to use the telephone only whennecessary during the busy hours of the day, andto make their conyersations brief.With this patriotic attitude of the public ftfward us we can serve the government first andrender a service that will meet the requirementsof tnecommercial and social world.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporated35SSIRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374(23-tf)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use' aGarland ICabinetRangeA beautiful Una of Garlands on dltlay. Coma In and look tham ovar.iParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)ENOCH MORGAN'SSONS CO,BoySAPOLIOForECONOMYJi'HaLLSRLmaB&BalatTUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1918. .THl BOURBOK MIWS, f AXIS, Kl,tin ron-b. k " --. jfc- ..j-m . . jrr.,t. a j .'.. ,4Vv.National and LocalMeat BusinessThe meat business of thecountry is conducted by variousagenciesBy small slaughter-housesin TillagesBy local Abattoirs or smallPacking Houses in townsbothUsing only a part of thelocal live stock supplyandFurnishing only a part ofthe local demand for meat.These slaughtering and distributingagencies fill a well denned but necessarily restricted place in the distribution of the products of live stock.But only packers like Swift &Company, organized on a nationalscale, are able to undertake the service that is more vitally important,involvingAn Obligation to the ProducerTo purchase for spot cash all thelive stock the producer may sendto market for slaughter.An Obligation to the ConsumerTo make available to every consumer, everywhere, in season and'out, the full supply and variety ofmeat products, of the higheststandard that the market affords.Yr Book of intMvtting andinttructive facts ecnt on rf uctt.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago; IllinoisSwift & Company, U. & A.iiaaagasjSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WHAT'S' THE MATTERJAPAN?WITHWhat's the matter with Japan?Why should we object to her taking hold in this war?Why not invite her to take Valdivostok and occupy as much of Eastern Siberia as she can?Can she do any worse with it thanRussia is doing?Can she possibly be more treacherous, incompetent aid pro-Germanthan the Bolsheviki?Why not the Japanese fleet in theNorth Sea and English Channelalongside of the ships of Great Britain, France and the United States,so that when Germany gets ready tosail out and deal her last desperateblow she may be overwhelmingly defeated? Why not a Japanese army to aidthe British in defending the Eastand thwarting the Oriental dreamsof the Kaiser?Why not Japanese troops inMICKIE SAYSWELL,r-This mnK aCLEMFAMU.N NEWSAIN'T tAYFAULT V-TELLTHe,NNOauO!t l OH,MCW6!I WrtN THE) V GROUCH4. Il vxvxww; 1 V L- JXMM tLrLFrance, companions in glory with ourown soldiers?Why not?What are we afraid of?Has Japan ever broken a treaty,or reduced a solemn obligation to a"scrap of paper?"Has Japan ever dishonored herhigh, fame by such brutalities andfrightfulness as Germany has displayed ?Has Japan ever lied and spied allover the earth, meddled with everynation's internal affairs and qualified for the distinction of being aworld thug?Did Japan ever sink a hospitalship, bombard a non-military town,reduce the population of conqueredterritory to slavery, use poison gas,batter down cathedrals, crucify captives or hand vanquished womenover to the lusts of the soldiery?Has Japan, in her official capacity,ever acted otherwise than with thehighest honor, the most scrupulousmorality, the truest chivalry?Heathen? Then give us theirheathenism, rather than the Christianity of the Kaiser!Inferior race? Who said so? Whatrace excels them in intellect, in loyalty, and in courage? Who has conquered them?Oriental? So was Jesus.Different from us? No more thanwe are different from them.It is time we cleaned ourselves ofthe nasty prejudice of narrow andsquint-eyed newspapers and politicians who curse the Japanese andprate of their menace to the UnitedStates.The surest way to cement foreverpeace between our two countries isto welcome the Japanese as equalcompanions in arms. Those whohave fought together will keep thepeace together.Let us extend our hand, cordiallyand without reserve, to this valiant,higl-minded and brave people.Now is the time to sow tne seenof an eternal brotherhood.Dr. P. L. McClure, of LittleRock, has gone to Martinsville, Ind.,for a short stay.Mr. C. P. Long, of Louisville, isa guest of her sister, Miss NellieDick, at North Middletown.Dr. and Mrs. O. L. Prye andfamily have returned from a visit torelatives in Spencer county.Mrs. Henry W. Berhman andMrs. Emmikin, of Newport, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, on Cypress street.Mr. Harry Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., was a guest severaldays of his brother, Mr. Phil Nippert, in this city.Mr. WJlliam Hollar, of Stanford,is a guest of relatives in this cityand co.unty Mr. Hollar is a formerresident of the county.Mrs. P. D. Bentley, of near Paris,is a patient in a Cincinnati hospital,where she underwent an operationrecently for throat trouble.Miss Lela Lelong has returnedto her home in Lancaster, after avisit to the family of Rev. F. M. Tinder, at North Middletown.Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr., and little daughter, Mary Carolyn, are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Baird, in Springfield, Ohio.Mrs. W. B. Hunn has returned toher home in Junction City, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Nicholas Kriener, on Twelfth street.Mr. John Gorey, of Vine street,is at Macon, Georgia, where he hopesto be benefitted by a course of treatment at the Macon Osteopathic Hospital. Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, secretary ofthe Bourbon county Y. M. C. A., wasin Louisville several days recentlyon business connected with Y. M. C.A. work.Mr. and Mrs. Pearl Smith andchildren, of Simpsonville, in Shelbycounty, are guests of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Arnold, on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. James Thompson,Sr., and Mr. and Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., motored to Louisville, Saturday, to witness the running of thebig Kentucky Handicap.Miss Lillian Farra and Mesrs.Jesse Hawkins and C. W. Gowgill,who have been guests of Miss JulietTurner, .near Paris, have returned totheir homes in Lexington.Mrs. Alice Ware, who has been aguest of Mrs. Thompson Tarr, at herhome on the Georgetown pike, hasgone to Rapidan, Va., to visit her son,Dr. James Ware, and family.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. A. Tipton andMrs. E. D. Tipton, of New York, whohave been visiting relatives in theBluegrass section, were guests lastweek, of realtives in this city.Mrs. Arthur Burley entertaineda number of friends Friday with adining in honor of Mr. Burley's forty-sixthbirthday anniversary. Theguests were served a delicious dinner. Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Squires, former resident of this county, now residing in Shelby county, are guestsof friends and relatives near LittleRock, and other vicinities in thecounty.Miss Ada Bivin has returned toher home after a visit to Mrs. C. B.Smith and Mrs. E. H. Trollinger, inFrankfort. She was accompanied byMiss Julia Gregory, who will be herguest for several days.Mr. W. Fithian Lilleston, ofWichita, Kansas, was guest Fridayand Saturday of his sisters, MissesLaura and Blanche Lilleston, on Higgins avenue. Mr. Lilleston was enroute to his home from Washington,where he had been on a business mission. Among recent visitors in Pariswere Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Wilmott, ofHot Springs, Ark. Mr. and Mrs..Wilmott were residents of Paris thirty years ago.v This was their firstvisit here in that time. Mrs. Wilmott was formerly Miss,Sallie Gist.She graduated from Hamilton Collegein 1871. They are now visiting relaties in the county.(Other Personals on Page 5.)BACKACHE IS A WARNING.Paris People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys.To cure the pains and aches, to remove the lameness when it arisesfrom weakened kidneys, you mustreach the cause the kidneys. Ifyou have pain through the small ofyour 'back, urinary disorders, headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervousand depressed, start treating thekidneys with a tested remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have been usedin kidney trouble for over 50 years.Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lellieston avenue and Lucas strett, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefitted. At time I havesuffered severly with kidney complaint. My back often pained meand I was lame most all the time.The kidney secretions were too frequent in passage and greatly annoyed me. Whenever I have been thisway, a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshave never failed to cure me of theattack in short order.", Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)l ' ' ' "MARGUERITE .CLARK'S . HRSTSTAGE APPEARANCE.. "My first aptitude for the stagedisplayed itself during the threeyears which I spent at the UrsulineConvent in Ohio," says MargueriteClark in the July Motion PictureMagazine. "One afternoon I was sentwith a message to the sister who wasrehearsing some of the older girls ina play. It happened that the playwas one from the convent librarywith which I was familiar and whenI arrived, the leading lady wasstumbling very badly over her lines.Ordinarily, I was shy and would never have dreamt of speaking to anyof the older girls, so imagine theirsurprise, as well as my own, whenI heard myself suddenly piping up,not only the forgotten lines, but theproper accompanying business aswell. Whether the girl refused toplay after that, I don't remember,but the sister's reproving suggestionthat perhaps they would have to let'little Marguerite have the part' wascarried out, and I played the leadingrole. That was the beginning, andafter that I was usually given theleading parts for lack of anyone elseto do them, I suppose."DIRECTORY ISSUED.THE NEWS job rooms has finishedand delivered to the Nicholas HomeTelephone Co., at Carlisle, 1,200copies of the telephone directory forCarlisle and Nicholas county. - Thebook is a very complete one, neatlycompiled, and, of course, coming fromthe home of good printing, the typographical appearance is all that couldbe desired.In the past THE NEWS has turnedout directories for Maysville, Paris,Carlisle, Cynthiana, Frankfort Ow-'enton, Midway and other points inthe territory of the Central HomeTelephone Co., all of which werestrictly up to the mark in the technical requirements of good printing,and which were highly complimentedby the managers of those exchanges.RAILWAY EMPLOYES WARNEDAGAINST HAMPERING WORK.Twin Bros.Department StoreRESERVE SEED CORNFOR FARMERS.READYThe Department of Agriculture hasannounced that reserve seed corn isstored at points convenient for distribution by express to farmers inthe corn belt, for late planting andreplanting. It can he' purchasedfrom the department at cost.Railroad employes have been reminded by Director General McAdoothat they are employes of the UnitedStates in times of war and that astrike means a blow at their owngovernment and the hampering oftransportation essential to protecthundreds of thousands of Americanboys fighting on the battlefields ofEurope. iIn a telegram to the heads of alllabor unions having shopmen amongtheir members, Mr. McAdoo, gavenotice that the government can notbe coerced or intimidated and calledupon railroad men to remain at theirduty and rely upon him and 'the new-Board of Railroad Wages and Working Conditions for just considerationof their claims. He asked the unionleaders to urge upon their men bywire the wisdom and patriotism ofthis course.JlnotherWeekofSpecialsPANAMAHATSTrimmed and untrimmedat a specialprice of$2.49 EachWASHSKIRTSOne of the largest assortments to be foundanywhere98c UpTwin Bros.Dtpartmtnt Store ,JjhetrenctletonSiop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSSATSI.YI'iColumbia GrafonolasISHHfColumbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.000 NbColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKY.Seed CornWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEPCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isaLimited.1C. S. BALLCor J Fourth and Pleasant Stc.GARAGEt 11-- fiIk: -, mK" ' 1fti fjKy jJ hi'K :I:IVjKu4 -4.H14'kmh:.;ViVrVsif.;&iiHiiii,hi:nj ii?Hl;ftSiBJ&'1-"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.YiftiionV ' "X "TOTBDAY, JUN 4, If If.Xithews of womeits frOE t' DTTERESTDIG TO CLUBWOMEN.Wa$te in the kitchen means .wantin the; trenches.At .the Bed Cross Sewing Rooms.Tuesday U. D. C. and W. C. T. U.Wednesday Paris Literary Club.Thursday Woman's Society Methodist phurch.Friday Woman's Society Baptist Church.MR. WEISS REPLIES TO PARISGAS & ELECTRIC CO.'S LETTERThe Hill-Top Boys and Girls cleared about $50 at their lawn fete forthe Hed Cross. It seemed several degrees .cooler there than down in thecity, v A welcome breeze, a cordialgreeting, prompt service, good musicand' the ever-tempting "fortune teller" combined to make the evening adelightful one.Busy?Notwithstanding housecleaning,gardening, spring sewing, etc;, theBourbon county women found timeduring the months of April and Mayto knit 585 pairs of socks. However,it has been estimated that if everywoman knit a pair a day there wouldstill be a deficiency. Use every sparemxmieht. There is plenty of yarn.Read the Haskin letter on, "Howabout the idle women?"Under the local Red Cross Chapterthere is being formed a league forthe relief of the fatherless babes ofFrance and Belgium.Nothing ca-n so wring the heart asthe pathetic stories brought back tous of the separation of these babiesfrom their mothers. $36.50 adoptsone, the French government donating an equal amount. Twenty centsa day only that is, which, however,enables the mother to keep the childwith her, to rear it with the memory of its father and gratitude to itsAmerican benefactor.Surely we can not deny the appealof a child whose protector died forus. Adopt a baby by sending yourcheck to Mrs. Hancock. Those whoadopted one last year and will readopt for this year will please sendchecks immediately as the payment isnow long past due.Something of the spirit of the boyswho have gone to France is told in aclipping of the new mascot that theyhave adopted:Our boys "Over There" have foundnew mascots, as tuey are ngntingfor Democtracy and Humanity, so arethey practicing what they preach andfight for. The niascots are theFrench waifs left destitute by German 'devilishness. Every company ofAmerican soldiers is allowed to adoptone orphan.. These orphans are fed,clothed and sent to school. The totalcost to each soldier is approximately25 cents per month and each company is enthusiastically doing itsshare.This in addition to facing dailythe supreme sacrifice. Dare we turnaside from this call.iSurgeon General W. C. Gorgassaid: "I wish to appeal to the nursesof the country to enroll for servicein the- Nurses' Corps of the Army.The need of a great number of nursesis acute and any assistance theAmerican Red Cross can render willbe a distinct service to the country."New York women are rapidly coming into their own. Thirty-seven women and thirty-seven men will hereafter guide the Tammany organization. Absolute equality at once!Governor Whitman has appointed awoman as member of the Board ofManagers of the Western House ofRefuge at Albion. And Cocklandcounty voters want a woman Representative in the New York Assembly.1 to 1TUREJEEN RAISE $24,878RED CROSS FUND.FORThe 'Committee to which the Kenlucky State Racing Commission delegated the task of raising the $40,000to be given by breeders and othersinterested in, thoroughbred horses asa part of the $300,000 pledged bythe thoroughbred horse interests tobe paid to the American Red CrossSociety for its second war mercyfund through the State Racing Commission, at the close of business onMay 31, reported the sum of $24,878raised in cash, checks and pledges.Mr. A. B. Hancock, of Paris,Chairman of the Committee, expressed the opinion that the $40,000 willbe raised before November. The following contributions were reportedfrom Bourbon county horsemen:A. B. Hancock, Paris, $1,250;"Anonymous," through A. B. Hancock, Paris, $350; Charlton Clay,Paris, $300; A. E. Turney, Paris,$200; Will H. Whaley, Paris, $200;James L. Dodge, Paris, $200; J. HalWoodford, Paris, $200; S. KenneyNichols; Paris, $150; Amos Turney,Paris, $100; Jesse Turney, Paris,$100; ilartin Doyle, Paris, $100;Ed. T."Trichard, Paris, $100; HarrisHancock, Paris, $75; Catesby Woodford, Paris, $50; A. J. Gorey, Paris,$50; Benj. Woodford, Paris, $50;John iggins, Paris, $100; CharltonAlexander, Paris, $10; Talbott Bros.,Paris,$200; J. Harry Holt, Paris,$100. ,.:- miMEDICAL SOCIETY MEETSTheggular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon County Medical Societywas neld at the court house lastsight. The meeting was addressed byCapt. PV E. Blackerby, of the MedicalReserve .-Corps of the army. Besidesother bwinees, officers were elected toserve for the ensuing year.1 'AVNashville, Tenn., June 1, 1918.Hon. B. B. January, Mayor,Paris, Ky.Dear Sir:I have to thank you for the copyof THE BOURBON NEWS of theissue of May 31, containing an attack upon me and my professionalmethods by the Paris Gas and "Electric Company, which I have noted.In due time and in the proper form,these gentlemen will be given the opportunity to justify their efforts toinjure "me.At present, the people of Paris aremuch more concerned with being protected against the extortion thisCompany has heretofore and is nowexacting in its rates and charges andservice to the city and the privateconsumers of electicity and gas, thanin personal attacks upon me or myalleged unethical terms in serving thecity, and which attacks are resortedto" for the sole purpose of becloudingthe issues, and because the Companyknows only too well that my work isefficiently and fearlessly performedand that it means beneficial resultsto the City of Paris and its inhabitants; and further, that my investigations and the resulting exposure ofthe Company's unjust and unreasonable rates and charges and the certainreduction thereof, are much morefeared than my alleged "overbearingand arbitrary" ways, of which, however, if the standing and reputationof the Paris Gas & Electric Companywith the public are any 'indication, Ido not seem to have a monopoly. Themere, offering of these as a reason forrefusing to treat the City of Parisand its inhabitants fairly and justlyis grotesquely absurd and carrieswith it the admission that it ispuerile and frivolous. And no oneshould know better than the ownersof the Company that the city has notdelegated and cannot delegate to meany of its powers, but that it remainssupreme in all of its powers andthat the Board of Council only, hasthe power to determine the reasonableness and, justness of the rates andcharges. To intimate that the citywould be influenced by informationdeveloped by me as its expert unsupported by facts, is an insult to the intelligence and honesty of the CityAdministration and is only anotherindication that this Company judgesothers by its own nefarious standards.The issue is squarely before theCompany on the street lighting ratesand charges; we have challenged theCompany to disprove our findings offact and conclusions as to their fairvalue of that service. How do theymeet this challenge? Certainly notwith facts; on the contrary, by vilification and charges':, of unfairness,undue prejudice and that I am arbi-Lrary and overbearing in my dealings. The wonder of it is that theydid not also include in the categoryof my short-comings, sedition, although, doubtless, this Company incommon with some other public utility companies regard everyone whohas the courage to represent thecause of the people against companyinterests, as an enemy and as unethical. Does any sensible person forone moment believe that if the company' is able to overturn the findingscontained in the Street Lighting report of March 28, by indisputablefacts it would hesitate or delay doing so?The Company claims that it musthave increased revenue not alonethrough the advance of more than10 in the price of the street lighting service the prices whereof werealready much in excess of a fairprice, but also, in higher prices toconsumers, which prices also alreadyaveraged more than 20 higher thanneighboring cities under substantially similar conditions and situations.The Company can be and is criticizedbecause of this; hence, the city desires to know the facts. Why thendoes the Company refuse to supplythe facts and by publishing thefacts, disarm the critic? The answeris obvious.It is not debatable that in casesof electric light companies whoserates and charges in normal timeswere just and reasonable, in otherwords, whose charges has thereforebeen no higher than necessary toyield a reasonable return or profit onthe fair value of the property usedfor the convenience of the publichonestly invested and prudently managed, An abnormal times like the present, when fuel, labor and materialcosts are higher, such companieswould justly be entitled to ask thepublic to share at least a part ofthese increased costs; to that endpractically every consumer wouldwillingly pay rates and charges thatwould insure not only efficient operation, but a reasonable return on theinvestment as well. But such a company as is here in mind namely, onewhose rates in the past have beenonly reasonable the Paris Gas andElectric Company is not such a onewould be honest and straightforward with the public by throwingopen its books and records to proveits needs. The Paris Gas and Electric Gompany, however, taking advantage of its monopoly and accustomed to extorting from the publicall. the traffic will bear, advances itsalready unjust and unreasonablerates and charges to the private consumer; and in defiance of its obligation to charge no more than a reasonable of fair price for the street lighting service, again seeks to overreach,the city in also raising the hithertomatrimonial;5rSTEWART ZORN. , uEld. P. M. Tinder, of the NorthMiddletown Christian church, performed the ceremony last week whichunited in marriage Mrs. FrancesStewart and Mr. J. P. Zorn, of theNorth Middletown vicinity. Boththe contracting parties the seventythree years old, but happy as larks.They will reside on the groom's farmnear North Middletown.ODELL CAMPBELL.Paris friends of the popular groomwill be agreeably surprised to learnof the recent marriage of Lieut. HughCampbell, formerly of Paris, to MissIrene Odell, of Jeffersonville, Jnd.The wedding was' solemnized Fridayevening, at the home of the brides'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Phelps LeeOdell, 115 Clark street, in Jeffersonville, Rev. Arthur Hale Kenney, pastor of the First Presbyterian church,officiating.Following a reception at the Odellhome, Lieut, and Mrs. Campbell leftfor a wedding trip in the East. Upontheir return they will reside for thepresent at the home of the bride'sparents.Lieut. Campbell is a son of Mrs.J. H. Campbell, of near Paris, andis a graduate of the M. M. I. During his residence in Paris he wascity salesman for the Power GroceryCo., and later was in the employ ofE. F. Spears & Sons. When the callto the colors came, Mr. Campbell enlisted and was assigned to CampZachary Taylor. From there he wastransferred to the Quartermaster'sDepot at Jeffersonville, with the rankof Lieutenant. His bride is a charming and attractive young woman ofJeffersonville.THE" NEWS extends congratulations and best wishes to Lieut.Campbell and his fair bride.1 P3 IBB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsRELIGIOUS.U. S. ARSENAL WAREHOUSEBURNED AT ST. LOUIS., Warehouse No. 23 of the U. S.Arsenal, which, in all its buildings,houses more than $6,000,000 of armyequipment, caught fire late Saturdaynight and at midnight appeared tobe a total loss with all its contents.Firemen devoted their attention tosaving aujacent Dunaings.The police have taken into custodyan Austrian, an enemy alien, whowas found without hat or coat withing the yards shortly after the firewas discovered. They have refusedto divulge his name. He is said to livein the 'immediate vicinity of the!arsenal.As soon as the blaze started Col.Clark, in charge of the arsenal, threwa guard of soldiers around the enclosures and excluded all persons notactually engaged in fighting the fire.Information as to cause of the fire orits total extent was withheld.Declaring emphatically against apremature peace, the PresbyterianGeneral Assembly, .in session at Columbus, Ohio, formally pdged thepeople of its church to aW "ever-in-creasingeffort" in the war mntil decisive victory is secured..' On. acccount of circumstanceswhich made it advisable the regularChildrens' Day exercises scheduledfor last Sunday at the Paris Christian church were postponed one weekto next Sunday, June 9. Due anannouncement will be made in otherissues of the Paris papers as to arrangements, program, etc.;HERE'S ANOTHER ONE; "EARLYORDERING WEEK!".Mr. A.B. Hanconlf. flVinirrnaTi Bnr.bon County Council of Defense, is inreceipt of the following:Mav 24. 191RTo The County Councils of Defense :me united States Fnl AdmiTiia.tration has set aside the week of June3rd to the 8th as "Rarlv Orrip-ri-no-Week," for the purpose of centering!a country-wiae anve on "early ordering" of coal. Your County Fuel Administrator needs your help in thisdrive. Please get in touch with him,and co-operate in every way possiblein making this drive a great successin your county. You may be able toenlist the co-operation of your Chamber of Commerce, and other civic organizations.Do not wait for the County' FuelAdministrator to call on you, butoner assistance at once. If the County Councils of Defense are tn Vinvany wait, or influence, they mustactively co-operate in all war activities. EDWARD W. HINES,Chairman Kentucky Council of Defense.FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS, .3ivFord For Sale.A good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.LOSTFire, Wind' and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.NOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.Many property-owners in the cityhave responded to the call made bythe Board of Health to clean outcesspools, vaults, surface privies, etc.,and. many are awaiting the scavenger, who want the work done, whileothers are making no effort in thatdirection.The only way to keep Hawkinshere is to keep him busy. Othercities are seeking his services, geehim personally, or call him, Cumberland phone No. 515, and leave yourorder.There must be a strict enforcementof this city ordinance. Any property-owner failing to comply with this ordinance may find himself or herselfcalled to appear in Police Court.Please do not further trifle with theBoard.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board -of HealthParis, Ky., June 3, 1918.(4-tf)Sunday afternoon, on Main street.between Ninth and Nineteenthstreets, a baby's gold ring, attachedto pink ribbon. Had initials "J. L.Ji" on inside. Finder leave at thispffice.4StfCf- -vaJUST ARRIVED '.zA NEW LINE OF 'BATHING SUITSCaps and Shoes;oNEW NECK WEARo 'BELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSrv$f. -FRANK & CO.Any great man deservescredit for being able toother folks that he is great.a . lot ofconvinceed froni the city for said service, andrelies on a erenp.ral etnfomn uathe necessities of the times justifyhigher prices; this statement is notsatisfying or convincing, especiallywhen it is "considered that the ratesand charges to private consumers inneighboring cities average at least20 less than in Paris, and no effortlu "vunce me same is indicated.The Company should give the factsconcealment of facts in cases likethis raise the question as to the necessity for such concealment.The resolution of the Board ofCoiinn.il af h : e, weeuug uj. iviay Z6, requests the Company, as the city hasthe right to require it to do, andtherefore it becomes the duty of theuyttuy xo comply with said request, to furnish certain facts to thecity. Upon the facts developed anddetermined according to engineeringand legal precedents the city rests itsdemand for just and reasonable ratesand charges for the street liehtin?service and for just and reasonablelate ana cnarges to private consumers of electricity and gas.Respectfully,W. H. WEISS,The Styles of the Hour InSummer Clothes!IMS WARM WEATHER makes a man feel like he wants lighter weightclothes, and right here is where you will find the best in town. You willfind many good spirited styles here for the men and vouncr men. andthe quality is the best skilled workmen can make them,Palm Beaches Dixie WeavesMohairs, Tropical Worstedsand SilksThese are the fabrics our summer clothes are made up in. Many new models are shown in the new shades of tans, greens, greys and browns. We have thebest values to be found anywhere, and we guarantee them to satisfy you.$8.50 to $1S.OOThe Season's Latest Stylesin Panamas, Split, Milan andSennet Straws and LeghornsWe show an abundance of these hats in Straight Brims, Alpine and Telescopeshapes. Buy early, so you can get the style you want. Good values.$t.56 to$7.50R P. WALSH7th and Main.excessive price charged and collect- Consulting, Engineer to Cit 7 Sari's 1One-Price StoreParis, Ky.Aysl " a? ):.,! o )fr .&TUESDAY, JUNE 4 1M.8. -THE BOURBON NIWS, P AEIS, IT,Ht-SfWip n.!--X.IftSt;s J"?i -iESSfOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)Hi te teGENUINEPalm$13.50.Beach, suits, all shades, atJ, W. DAVIS & CO.THE THIRD DEGREE., .At the Masonic Temple to-nightthe members of the local Masoniclodge will be tendered a banquet.The feast will be followed by the examination of candidates for the thirddegree in Masonry.UNINTENTIONALLY OMITTEDFROM MAY HONOR ROLL.The authorities at the City Schoolcall attention to the fact that an unintentional omission was made in theMay honor roll in the name of Thelma Brannock, of the Ninth Grade,whose average was 91.ATTENTION. MASONS!,All members of the Blue LodgeMasons are invited to assemble" at the'Masonic Temple at 6:30 to-night.Supper to be served, followed bywork in Third Degree.DR. JAS. ORR, Master.' M. H. H. DAILEY, Secretary.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SPEND LESS AND SAVE MORE.To-day is the time of double effort;when one man must do the work of,two. To-day is the time for doublesaving; when the hard worker mustspend less and save more.Why not start to saving more inour new series, which opens to-morrow?H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.m. Pa 1MAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEMEETING.The regular meeting of the Bourbon County Health and WelfareLeague will be held in the courthouse on next Thursday afternoon at4:30 o'clock. The annual election ofofficers will be held at this meeting.All the members are urged to bepresent.DELINQUENT LICENSE - PAYERSNOTIFIED TO HUSTLE.Notices advising the non-paymentof licenses imposed under the recentruling of the Council, have been served on a large number of Paris merchants by City Clerk Hayden. As aresult the office of City CollectorMitchell, at the Farmers' & Traders'Bank, gathered in fciore than ? 1,0 00to the city treasury. Warrants willbe" issued against those who had notpaid up yesterday.)5B TS ISGET INTO SHORTAthletic underwear. Our's aremade to fit.J. W. DAVIS & CO.APPRECIATIVE GIFTS.A graduating prestnt is alwayskept with a great deal of pride.rcu enmrthinsr worth while.Our stock is varied with suitable gifts things appropriateand worthwhile. All prices.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)TO WHICH CLASS?There are two classes of Parisiansin Paris. Ky., to-day. One class iscomposed of those who stand squarelybehind "their country in this, herhour of greatest need and trial. Theyare the men who thrust themselvesbetween the nation and the foe.The other class is far too contemptible for serious consideration,-it coc fmm the sewer of infamy.It is rich in draft evaders. Youyoung men who have attained totwenty-one since last June 5 will beconfronted this June 5 with the privilege of joining either class.Boys of Paris, which class shall itbe with you?JUNE COURT DAY.June court day was but a repetition of the many that nave gone before. But little stock on the localmarket, and a few changed hands atfair prices. There was an active demand for mules and horses, andUiedemand very well supplied at. gooaPrices, .. .Farpiers were generaii wMr. J. S. Wagner has returnedfrom an extended business trip toCincinnati.Mr. A. J. Hornback is reportedas being" seriously ill at his home onSouth High street.Mr. Samuel Huser, of Galveston,Texas, is a guest of his sister, Mrs.Charles Posner, for a brief visit.Mrs. Rosa Guilfoyle is very illat the home of her daughter, Mrs.Julia Jordan, on Harmon street.. ;Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern havereturned from a vacation trip of several weeks at Mt. Clemens, Mich.Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, who underwent an operation at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, Friday, is somewhat improved.Mr, P. W. Westfall hasireturnedto his home in Indianapolis, after aweeks visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. Eli Westfall, in this city.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, of Holton Arjms School, Washington, D. C,is the guest of her mother, Mrs. MaeStoner Clay, for the month of June.Mr. Clay Sutherland, of Paris,was soloist at the Alumni entertainment given last night at the M. M. I.by the old Cadets of the institution.Mr. Fred Frendburg, formerlyconnected with the civil engineeringcorps of the L. & N. at this point, andnow a resident of Birmingham, Ala.,is visiting friends in Paris. vMiss Eliza Clay Mason, of nearParis, left yesterday with a party ofstudents from Kentucky Universityfor a two-weeks' stay in the BlueRidge Mountains, in South Carolina.Mr. Edward Turner, who is recuperating at his home near Paris,from several operations performed recently at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, is very slightly better.SENIOR PLAY AT THE HIGHSCHOOL AUDITORIUM.Mrs. D. M. Bachrach and twodaughters, will arrive to-day fromLittle Rock, Ark., to be the guest ofher "parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Wollstein. Mr. Wollstein met her in Louisville yesterday.The Garden Club of Lexingtonwill be guests of Miss Lucy Simms, ather home on Second street, in thiscity, Thursday. The members of theClub will make the trip in automobiles, returning to Lexington late inthe afternoon.Miss Essie Saloshin, of thenursing staff of Norton Inlrmary, atLouisville, accompanied by her"working partner," Miss EstelleBloom, arrived yesterday for a visitat the home of her mother, Mrs.Louis Saloshin.Mr. Jas. A. McDonald, of theConfederate Home at Pewee Valley, isvisiting friends here. Mr. McDonaldwas a member of Capt. E. F. Spears'Company in the Second KentuckyRegiment, C. S. A., of the famousOrphans' Brigade. He is now in hiseightieth year.Mr. Perry Shy, formerly of Paris,and now a resident of Winchester,has taken a position with Brown,Bell & Cowgill, wholesalers, and isworking: in Lee and Estill counties.Mr. Shy was formerly Secretary ofthe Kentucky State Fair Associationwith headquarters in Louisville.:Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and two charming children,are with Mrs. Wiedemann's father,Mr. J. D. Purcell, at his home inFayette Park, in Lexington, duringthe absence of Mrs. Purcell and MissPauline Purcell, who are spendingseveral weeks at Mrs. Purcell's oldhome at Petersburg, "Va.(Other Personals on Page 3.)ORPHANS HAVE A GOOD TIMEOne of the mosMnteresting eventsof Commencement week will be thestaging of the Senior play, whichwill take place in theHigh SchoolAuditorium Wednesday evening, at8; 30.The play, "Fanny and the ServantProblem," is a -new one of high rankin the theatrical world. It is peculiarly adapted to the present Senior class and one in which the members of the class ill have ample opportunity to display their talents.Admission will be 35c and' 25c.The public is cordially invited to bepresent and witness the play, whichis well worth the price of admission.Don't forget the hour 8:30, Wednesday evening. The program is as follows: Senior Class Play."Fanny and the Servant Problem."A Quite Possible Play in Four ActsbyJerome K. Jerome,Author of "The Passing of the ThirdFloor Back."Produced Under the Personal Direc-Stion and Management ofMr. Frank W. Clarke.CHARACTERS:Fanny Miss Fannie HellerVernon Wetherell, Lord Ban-tock Mr. Chester Young(Her Husband)Martin Bennett . . . Mr. Robt. Lavin(Her Butler)Susannah Bennett. .Miss Edna Snapp(Her Housekeeper)Jane Bennet..Miss EmmaLouis Burley(Her Maid)Honoria Bennet. .Miss Eleanor Lytle(Her Still-room Maid)Ernest Bennet . . Mr. Wm. Brophy(Her Footman)Dr. Freemantle . . Mr. Chas. Kenney(Her Local Medicine Man) 'The Misses WetherellMisses Vernita Baldwin, MabelTemplin.(Her Aunts by Marriage)Geo. P. Neute . .Mr. Lawrence Soper(Her Former Business Manager)"Our Empire."England Miss Thelma WilliamsScotland Miss Elizabeth ClarkIreland Miss Jennie LinkWales Miss Mabel GallowayCanada . ., Miss Lena RoseColonies ' Miss Ruth Linville(Her Former Companions)The acts take place in Fanny'sboudoir, Bantock Hall, Rutlandshire.THE FAIRFOR SATURDAY ONLYStandard merchandise at a mostreasonable price at a price considerably below that asked elsewhere.42 piece Dinner Sets from $5.98 upto $7.48, beautiful decorations;White Shoe Dressing, 10c; Jet Oil,for Black Shoes, 10c; Writing Paperin boxes, 24 Sheets Paper and 24Envelopes in a box, 8c; White PaperNapkins, 100 in a package, 1st quality, 15c a package; Paints; Varnisn,Stains, Enamels, any color, 8c a can;Wall Paper Cleaner, 8c a can. Remarkable reductions in Wall Paper.All size Window Screens; Wear EverAluminum Ware, reduced 20.THE FAIRWar-Time Economy Sale!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingvery interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $ 1 7,75Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39.50wEconomy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard . . '. 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $2.29Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at . . $ 1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale Specialm Bed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each$1.69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and style represented in thisgrouping, including the wanted .colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2.39$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $4.98$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5.98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98inEconomy Sale SpecialsHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair .'. 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies7 Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special. -Bridal Long Cloth, "regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. . -$ 1 .98Economy Sale Special va"uesuP1:oe$4l.5o! alHalf PriceThis Sale is Now Going On!HARRYMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.mmmmmmwmwmwmimmmsThis Sale is For Cash Only!SIMON224-228 W. MAIN ST-LEXINGTON, KY.iwrmrnwimxbusy1 A k. T- "k 111 14 I Iwith their work w..1";!'"and those who were in spent .most ortheir tijme discussing the scarcity oflabor, and in endeavoring to .get nwnto eo to the farm. The noisy patentmedte&e vender, the, musical coon. . .ninrasonfennallv noisy, and uie e-rir:justS?Sr, ie aucomrort,SJ, U r J- ' . .and Just as aoisy singins " r --"Lngelist" were on the &The children from the I. O. O. F.Home, at Lexington, had a fine timein this city Saturday afternoon whenthey 'were guests of the city andthe members of the local I. O. O. F.lodge. They came to the number ofabout one hundred and sixty, on twospecial interurban cars, from Lexington at 2:15 o'clock, and paradeddown Main street, to the court house,where they gave a concert.The Girls' Orchestra was first onthe program, and rendered a number of excellent musical selections,which showed they had receivedsplendid training. The girls wereliberally applauded, and respondedwittp encores of a pleasing character.The Boys Band also came in for alarge share of attention from themusic-loving people of the city andcounty, as their part of the programwith their usual ease and grace ofexpression. At the conclusion of theprogram, Hon. E. M. Dickson delivered an address which was full of feeling and well received by the littlepeople and by the older ones, as well.Following the exercises at thecourt house the children were given areception at the local I. O. O. F.lodge room, where they were treatedto delicacies and made to feel just athome. They returned to Lexingtonon the 5:30 interurban car, happyand delighted with the afternoon'spleasures.m m mTHE BUILDING AND LOAN SYSTEM. You are not compelled to pay rentwhile saving for a home. When youhave" a portion, saved, we will loanyou the balance, and you can repayit in small installments little if anymore than rent. - .Our new series opens to-morrow.H A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.TO SERVE REFRESHMENTS.The young people of Mt. Airy willserve lemonade, iced tea and cakesin a storeroom on. mam an.location not yet being determined onSaturday afternoon, June 8. The proL f the aale. will be devoted tothe local Tied Cross Chapter.JUNEVICTORRECORDS18458. For the Two of UsWrisrht and Dietrich. I Hate toLose You Peerless Quartet. 10inch, 85c.18457. At the-Jazz Band Ball(One-Step) Original DixielandJazz Band. Ostrich Walk (FoxTrot) Original Dixieland JazzBand. 10-in., 75c.18460. What'll We Do WithHim, Boys?-William J. (Sailor)Jteilly. Any Old Place the GangGoes William J. (Sailor) Reilly10-in., 85c.18461. Three Wonderful Letters From Home Charles Hart.Daddy Mine (He's Got Those BigBlue Eyes Like You) ElizabethSpencer. 10-m., 85c.18462. I'm Sorry I Made YouCry Henry Burr. One Day inJune Campbell and Burr. 10-in., 85c.35639. Forget-Me-Not (Waltz)McKee's Orchestra, FeliciaWaltz Sergeant MarkePs Orchestra. 12-in., $1.35. . .70117. The Laddies WhoFought and Won Harry Lauder.12-in., $1.25.64773. God Be With Our BoysTonight John McCormack. 10inch, $1.00.74568. Hebrew Melody-Jas-chaHeifetz, Violinist. 12-inch,$1.50. 'VTjE are showing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.-4THE J. T. HINTON CO.:'.".'. ,Daughertyv Bros..Fifth and MainKS2 iKLav .'ls3 -"ia F c .1-. .P--r rf" 'J- f ft iEl aaaaH 7BBBl ? . -v. . .. , -a - - - ' ("aa i . v- - ' -- 2mmmmmimmmmimmmmmammmmtammmmmmmmmmmlamrI , r if-riiMh , fryO a- v.-I M-f.x1S311:w14--HltVKii -mwfcirSvaturUmniii!a?E iE1EHannoyance oi tne uij"wTUESDAY, JUNE 4, lilt.MfsaxTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.SforFOOD CONTROLMEANS VICTORYEuropean Shortage Places Problem Before American Government -Farsighted PolicyAdopted.MEED 75,000,000 BU. WHEAT.Fort Administration Asks Aid ofEvery American In Gigantic, Task' of Feeding Million.It Is the food problem oyer therethat makes a food problem oyer here,Xf we wished lo be supremely selfisha&d supremely shortsighted we couldgo on eating as much as we like andwhatever we like, without much difficulty or Interruption at least, untilthe Germans camelBut we are not doing things in thateelfish and suicidal way. We are trying to make a great common pool ofall of our food, and all of the food ofthe allies, and all of the food we canget from South American and otherneutrals, and dividing it up fairlyamong America, England, France, Belgium and Italy.This does not mean that all of thepeople in the great pool are going tohave the same ration, but means thatwe are trying to arrange to havebnough for everybody, so that the soldiers our soldiers and their soldierswill be well fed, as they have to beto fight hard and continuously, andthat the munitions workers and theworkers in all the other necessary industries, and the men and women athome will all have enough to keepalive and welL It is absolutely necessary to do this If the war is to be won,and we are going to do it, but It meansplanning, working, arranging, co-operating,being careful, not wasting, saving. And it means that each and everycne of us has got to help.Now, we have enough and more thanenough food for ourselves, and theGovernment Is going to see to It thatwe keep here at home a sufficient supply of every essential kind of food tosupport our people. But over therethey simply have not enough. LordRhendda, the English food controller,recently cabled the American food administrator, that unless we can sendthe allies before the next ' uropeanharvest 75,000,000 bushels of wheat inaddition to what had been sent up toJanuary 1 of this year he could notassure the people of the allies thatthey would have a sufficient supply offood to carry on the war.He did not say anything in this cableaboyt the other food necessary, buthe has told of these needs in otherr cables and by his actions In England.For example, his latest regulationcompels a reduction of meat eating inthe United Kingdom to a maximum ofone pound per week per person, thispound including the bone and otherwaste parts in the meat as bought inthe shop. "The allies must have more wheat,more meat, more fats, more dairy products, more sugar. Their harvests wereTery short France had less than halfher normal crop of wheat and theavailable shipping Is small In amountand constantly being lessened by submarines, so that it Is now practicallyimpossible to use any ships for the longvoyage necessary to bring food fromAustralia and other remote markets.The food must come chiefly fromAmerica. In specific figures it Is necessary for us to send to the allies1,100,000 tons of foodstuffs a. month.This Is a great responsibility and agreat problem. The food must befound, and also the ships to carry itIt is being done, but can only continueto be done by the help and full cooperation of all of us over our broadland. We must produce and savemore.To supply the wheat necessary untilthe next harvest, we must reduce ourconsumption by from one-fourth toone-third ; we must cut down our usualaverage consumption of meats andfats by from 10 to 15 per cent anddairy products by about 10 per centOver there they are tightening theirbelts and doing everything they can.They are eating war bread; they arecutting down their sugar in Englandto two pounds per person per month,and in France and Italy to one poundhow much are you eating? and theyare using ration cards .for most of thestaples. We must meet sacrifice withsacrifice. If we don't we are helpingto lose the war instead of helping towin ItEuyiLecal Fa4-ONLY SECURITY FfffiTA :WffBirth of Chlldsen Guaranteed Independence to the Woman Under theCode of Hammurabi.In Babylon, under the code of Hammurabi, 2270 B. C, the birth of children furnished the only financial security for a wife. A man might separate from a wife at will and marryanother but if she had borne him children he must "give back to that woman her dowry, the usufruct of the field,garden and property, during the minority of her children and thereafter shewas entitled to a share equal to thatof a son of all that has been given toher children. She may marry the manof her choice."Under the primitive laws of the Kafirs of South Africa a similar provisionIs made, according to a writer. A considerable payment is made by the husband to the male relatives of the woman at the time of marriage. In legaltheory this amount is the property ofthe woman and her children, the relatives receiving It as trustees for herbenefit Here, too, a man may divorcehis wife at will and may demand backhis dowry If there have been no children born of the marriage, but hisclaim upon it passes upon the birth ofchildren. Obviously, where the statusof the wife is entirely subject to thewill of the husband and where thewoman has an enforclble claim againstthis property while it remains in thehands of her relatives, the birth ofchildren furnishes the only assuranceof security and Independence for thewife.SOME OF THE INNS OF COURTGray's Produced Fewer Great Lawyersbut Can Outdo Rivals in Association With Influential Men.Gray's inn, where the prime ministerand the heads of the air service takea snack together in the evening, comesdown to us through the Grays of Wilton, whose home or inn it ancientlywas, from the bishop and canons of St.Paul's cathedral. The Inn itself, bearing the family name, formed part ofthe Hundred of Ossulstone, and thewhole was included in a yet largerproperty, states a writer in the LondonChronicle. How St. haul's Itself became possessed of the estate Is notclear, but It is believed that it was atone time the personal property of oneof the canons, who, it was enacted,might give and sell their lands without leave.Gray's Inn has produced fewer greatlawyers than some of the other Innsof court, but it can outdo its rivals inassociation with men who have vitallyinfluenced the life of the nationThomas Cromwell, for instance, whosuppressed the monasteries; LordBurghley, chief counselor of QueenElizabeth, and George Monck, duke ofAlbemarle, who practically restored themonarchy. But the inn's chief glory,of course, Is with the Bacons, Nicholasand his far greater son, Francis, whosemark remains till this day on the Inngardens.Eucalyptus and Malaria."What is the connection betweenthe eucalyptus and the disappearanceof the malarial trouble? This has beenonly very recently explained. Thereis probably no tree having a greateravidity for water than the eucalyptus.Experiments with seedlings grown inwater have shown that a baby bluegum will take up the liquid at an extremely rajpid rate. As the blue-gumsgrow at a marvelous rate (often asmuch as ten or twelve feet Is addedto their height in a single season),the consumption of moisture from thesoil goes on at a rapidly increasingrate. Now, It is well-known that themalarial poison Is Introduced into theblood of man through the agency of acertain variety of mosquito (Anopheles), and the dwelling place ofthese insects, when in the larval stage,is to be found In pools of water. Withthe planting of the eucalyptus treesthe pools disappear and the marshyland becomes comparatively dry. Thusthe breeding places of the mosquitoesare destroyed and the insects are nolonger able to carry on their perniciousactivities." S. Leonard Bastin, in St.Nicholas.Early Use of Metals.As compared with Mexico, the toolsemployed by the ancient Easter islanders, though like In shape, are yet morewonderful when the purpose for whichthey were used is considered. It Isbelieved that the use of iron was unknown to the more ancient people ofthe earth; certainly few traces arefound. But among the Mexicans thereIs evidence of red copper having beenfashioned Into tools ; and although thatIs wonderful enough when the usage Isseen to which the comparatively softmetal was put, yet still more marvelous are the tools of volcanic glasswhich wrought carved, cut and chiseled the huge images and blocks ofstone te be found on Easter Island. Remains of these tools are yet to be foundlying about the island quarries.Weapons of the Peruvians.The early Peruvians used clubs andwar-hatchets In battle; also slings, forthrowing stones. Skull-fractures mustoften have resulted. But apparentlythey trephined also for brain troubles,and possibly for other diseases, notesa medical authority. The surgeon ofancient Peru held the head of his patient between his knees, and with asharp flint sawed out the button ofbone an agonizing .process, surely.Sometimes he filled the hole with abutton of silver, or of mollusk-shell.J but more often he was content to coverIt aimply with the flap of scalp.ANIMALS ARE-GuWWHfflffiRSrPolar Bear, Who Passes His Time InIcy Waters, Is Regarded Best,Though Not SwiftestNearly all animals are better swimmers than man and take to the waternaturally. The rhinoceros and hippopotamus are wonderful swimmers anddivers, while the Indian elephantcrosses great rivers with heavy loads,London Tit-Bits states.The elk and the reindeer are firstclass swimmers. The elk keeps hishead above water and crosses directlyfrom bank to bank to avoid turning.The reindeer, on the other hand, turnsas often as he likes, keeping his headonly a little above the surface. But ofall swimmers of all climes the bestthough not the swiftest is the polarbear, who passes half his time In thewater swimming and diving. Hisswimming power Is nothing short ofmiraculous if it be remembered thatthe water in the regions he frequentsis invariably cold and that cold is normally prohibitive to good swimming.There are bears that can swim fromtwenty-five to thirty miles withoutgreat effortOne of the swiftest swimming animals is the squirrel. A sportsman onone occasion, having at hand a squirrel born in captivity, which had neverseen water, wanted to see if it couldswim and took it with him in a rowboat to the center of the lake. Thesquirrel turned toward the bank, headand paws above the water, back andtall underneath it, and began to swimso rapidly that it was with the greatest difficulty that the man recovered itwhen it reached the shallow waternear the land.PRACTICAL USE OF POETRYWithout Verse People Would Go AboutIsolated From Each Other byChaos of Misunderstanding.If ppetry could be in an Instantswept not merely out of print, butout of language and tradition, therewould be Babel Indeed. We shouldgo about Isolated each one from eachby a chaos of misunderstanding, withno more communication than we couldimprovise out of intellectual terms,says a writer In Century Magasine.,We could suggest nothing, connotenothing, say nothing but what wecould define. The practical reality ofthat loss one may measure by ourproverbial ignorance of certain savages and oriental races whose poetryis alien to our own. Nor is that all;for poetry is not alone our commonrepository of past experience, but toa degree far greater than we realizeour source of present action. Thereis no need more than to remind anyobserver of human nature that mankind acts rather upon passion thanupon conviction. Brutus demonstratedhis point in prose; it was a poetic appeal that made the stones of Rome torise and mutiny. We define and determine and decide, and still do nothing; but when we begin to feel, something is done.Evolution of the Lamp.Dr. Walter Clark of Philadelphiahas recently made some Interesting Investigations to find out how the oldtime lighting conditions in his citycompare with those of today, says thePopular Science Monthly. He has discovered that until as late as 1885, onlyflickering sperm oil and candles werein use. Not until the following decadedid the "highly improved" kerosenelamp appear. Gas did not come outuntil the period between 1865 and 1875.And then only the wealthy could useit It sold at $2.50 per thousand cubicfeet I The efficient Welsbach mantlecame out ten years later, revolutionizing artificial illumination. The present era began in 1895, when gas andelectricity came into general use gasselling at $1 per thousand cubic feetand electricity at 10 cents per kilowatt hour. Since that time the gasmantle and the electric filament haveseen vast improvements, so that todaythe average family is obtaining abouteighteen times as much light as thepeople of half a century ago.Temperament of Camels.Bearing an innate grudge against allrestraint and all who restrain him, thecamel will use the great strength ofhis long legs to kick his keepers or thedogs which guard him in the wasteplaces, but in the presence of enemies, among wolves or other beastsof prey, he Is a coward, forgets thevery use of his legs and proves hiserratic temper by screaming and spitting in terror. No camel wants to beloved, and no one familiar with camelsever entertains the least affection forthem. They make savages of whatever people breeds them. The man whoowns and uses' camels cannot live ina city, he cannot travel the highwaysthrough cultivated country, he cannothave a permanent abiding place. -Heis doomed to live in deserts and aridgrasslands, to follow the paths thatare lined with evergreen thorns, tamarisks and bitter weeds,; to drink thesaline water that his evil temperedbeasts prefer and to avoid the hauntsof men and horses as the horsemancircles the deserts, says Rodney Gilbert in Asia.A Scapegoat"In some respects I find It anadvantage to have a stupid servant Inthe house," remarked Mr. Dubwalte."Why do you say that?""Mrs. Dubwalte Is kept In suchastate of mind by tfee blunders of theservant she forgets to -call attentionwith her usual frequency to my ewashortcomings: .TiuecFOR THE HEALTHSHE NOW ENJOYSLouisville Woman. Tells of BenefitsShe Derived FromTanlac's Use."Tanlac has restored me to a -normalcondition of health after I hadsuffered from nervousness and indidestion for a long time, and I don'thesitate to recommend this medicine," said Mrs. Mary Levy, 731South Sixth street, Louisville, Ky."My .nervous system was completely run down," Mrs. Levy continued. "I couldn't sleep at night.I'd have lapses of memory that Ithink were due entirely to the poorcondition of my nervous system.Sometimes I'd forget to make purchases after going to the store. Itworried me."I was bothered with indigestion,too, and my health, generally wasn'tvery good."Tanlac has relieved me entirelyof all these troubles and has restoredme to a normal condition of health.The lapses of memory I used to haveare a thing of the past since Tanlacput my system back in shape."I don't hesitate to recommendTanlac as a good medicine for anybody bothered like I was."If you are not feeling right, getTanlac to-day and get your systemback in healthy shape again. Youcan get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.For Rheumatism.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentfor rheumatism. It releives rheumatism by purifying the blood. Hundreds of Kentucky folks have derivedbenefits through its use. You canget it atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)THE ECONOMY OF VICTORY;No matter what this war costs theGovernment and the people of theUnited States in the way of money,it is going to be much cheaper to winthis war than to lose it.The commercial and financial lossesthat would follow a German victoryare not to be calculated. All that wespent would be lost, indemnities beyond calculation would have to bepaid, and along with these losseswould come a continuing loss in foreign commerce that would spell disaster. With these material losses wewould lose our national liberty andindependence, our power to secureour international rights, our right tolive in a world ruled by the dictatesof humanity and civilization.TROOPS BEING EQUIPPED WITHBROWNING MACHINE GUNS.Enough heavy Browning machineguns for instruction purposes havebeen shipped to every NationalGuard training camp and NationalArmy cantonment in the countrywhere troops are in training. HeavyBrownings for overseas training havebeen shipped.Light Browning rifles sufficient innumber to equip the machine-gununits of more than four Army divisions have been manufactured, andoverseas shipment of one half hasbegun. The other half of the outputgoes to Army divisions in thiscountry.rSi ISl JSiNATION'S HOSPITALS LISTED BYCOUNCIL OF DEFENSEInformations regarding the hospitals of the United States, in processof compilation since 1916, is nowcollated and indexed in the medicalsection of the. Council of National Defense. A central bureau of information concerning the hospital facilities of the country, under war conditions, is thus provided. The datai will be kept up to date from monthto month.This bureau has not only the details of over 1,000 active hospitals,but is also gathering full data concerning nearly 8,000 other institutions, which include sanatoria, infirmaries, homes, asylums and dispensaries. m i vaSENATOR BECKHAM PRAISES PATRIOTISM OF KENTUCKIANSSenator J. C. W. Beckham, who hasreturned to Washington, from a visitto Kentucky, paid high praise to allpeople of Kentucky for the magnificent ., manner in which they are responding to the needs of the war.' "The war spirit is everywheremanifest," said Senator Beckham,"and it made me feel proud of theState, to learn from a personal visitthat, all Kentuckians are at worktrying earnestly to help win the war,making sacrifices of men, money andcomforts and responding to every callmade upon them by the governmentin an unselfish manner."You should worry about what people say. If you fail they will saythat you ' are bone-headed. And ifyou' succeed ttiey" will; say- that youare swell-lieaded. i ,X Wmm 2 Pag V SaB V SgJK" 3BBEK2HH5If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAY&Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsiXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS cV FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street0jvtBourbon1 rParis Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone ,40iij Satisfaction is Obti WitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryaDDliances and exnertIK!W jEgp helpers we are preparedi r.ii nil wnrK inTPnr rnnone, anri snlioit vnnr&& natron ao-p.Laundry, jmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.Home Phone 16-2.'xXTUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.PAGI flCfBEating "War Bread" Will IncreaseAverage Human Life by Ten Years"Hooverized Hour" Contains the Eleements Which Made Possible theBlood and Tissue of the Prehistoric 'Iron Man."WASHINGTON, D. C, June 2.While many people bewail the factthat they are obliged to eat what iscommonly known as "war bread,"very few realize that the constituentsof this new flour are such as tend togreatly increase the life, strengthand health of the average individual.Equally few appreciate the fact thatte ordinary forms of flour, whichhad grown in popularity as civilization advanced its stages, lacked theiron and sulphates so essential to thehuman system.Although a purely organic, assimilable iron is found in beets, celery, onions, beefsteak, lamb chopsand a few other -eatables in minutequantities, the food of modern civilization so greatly lacked this primeessential that it failed to properlynourish the blood, tissue and nervecells of the body. Sufficient quantities of "war bread" will strengthenthe entire systenT and will greatlyaid digestion if eaten regularly, as itcontains considerable organic ironwhich not only clears and thins theblood, but also nourishes and invigorates it, thus serving as a remarkable "spring tonic" as well.Very few people, however, willcare to eat enough of this bread toproperly revitalize their system andthus revert to the type of those dayswhen man, clothed in animal skins,sucked the marrow from split bonesREGISTRATION OF FEMALE GERMAN ALIEN ENEMIES.The registration of German alienfemales, to begin Monday, June 17,and end Wednesday, June 26, will beconducted in cities or municipalitieshaving 5,000 population or over bythe police officials. In communities"having a population of less than 5,000 the registration will be handledby postmasters.In general the plan of registrationis the same as that followed in theregistration in February of Germanalien males. Each person who mustregister will be required to registerher finger prints. This method ofidentification is also used in the military and naval services of the United States.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376V;MARGOLEN'SAll fruitsVegetableFishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our serviceprompt.ISMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketand was content to make his repaston black, whole-wheat bread suchas would choke even a German hussar when his luck with a handthrown cudgel failed to land his fourfooted prey.But to these fastidious-palated people who would avoid the excessiveuse of "war bread," but still wantthe red, rich blood of the prehistoric"iron man" it is recommended thatthey take, in more convenient form, apurely organic, digestible ironwhich won't discolor the teeth. Thereis only one such iron known tomed-fical science, and that is called AcidIron Mineral. All others are spurious imitations and are just aboutas digestible as a cast-iron sledgehammer.While its cost is a mere trifle, thedistributors of this marvelous remedyare so confident of its success thatthey unqualifiedly guarantee it to dowhat is claimed for it, or your druggist will promptly refund its purchase price.A-I-M is in no sense a patent medicine or secret remedy. It is a natural mineral water, containing ferricsulphate, alumnic sulphate, manganicsulphate, magnesium sulphate, calcium suplhate, sodium sulphate, sodium idoide, sodium phosphate,silicic acid and free sulphate acid.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)GOVERNMENT TO HANDLE WOOL' CLIP OF THE UNITED STATESMilitary necessity has caused theUnited States Government to assumecontrol of the entire wool clip of thecountry and to have a prior rightto acquire the 1918 wool clip. TheWar Industries Board has issued apamphlet which explains the regulation under which the farmer maydispose of his wool. This pamphlethas been sent to all parts of the United States. There are certain furtherparticulars which Kentucky farmerswould like to know regarding the exact method of procedure in disposingof their wool. In order to get thesedetails and a fuller knowledge of themethods to be pursued, the Collegeof Agriculture has sent a representative to Washington to confer withthe Wool Committee of the War Industries Board and in the course of afew days a full and concise statementwill be issued through the publicpress by the College of Agriculture,giving further detailed informationand suggestions to farmers and todealers regarding prices, methods ofhandling, and other matters.In the meantime the College urgesthat nothing is to be gained by undue haste on the part of the farmersin selling their wool. They areassured that fair and uniform treatment will be given to all parties concerned. In the official bulletin recently issued by the War IndustriesBoard, the following advice regarding the disposal of wool is given:"Growers who desire to do so willbe allowed to pool their clips in quantities of not less than minimum carloads of 16,000 pounds and consignthe wools so pooled as one account toany approved dealer in any approveddistributing center. Growers areurged to adopt this latter coursethrough county-agents or others, thuseliminating the profits of one middleman."While under the regulations farmers are permitted to sell lots of lessthan 1,000 pounds of wool to authorized dealers, the College of Agriculture advises that wool be assembledin county pools or pools embracing amore extensive territory, the objectbeing to facilitate handling and givethe largest return to the grower.-is pa isa-$100 PvEWAED $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastnnft dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh beinggreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strengtlf by building up theconsitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all druggists, 75c.(adv-June)ELMENDORF FARM MAY BE SOLDTO ;NEW YORKERS.A report is current that AndrewMiiipr and other -New York million-airs will in the near future, if theyhave not already, purchased Elmendorf the Fayette county estate ofthe late James B. Haggin, and usethe great mansion" thereon for a clubhouse for the New Yorkers when theycome here yearly to visit the racesand trots. . fc ,f .Now Eor the feStamp Drive, June 24 to June 28State Headquarters of the War Savings Committee in Kentucky is verybusy these days preparing for the big June drire for pledging the State's quota,or what remains of it on June 24 next, when the drive starts. The plans forthe, drive were outlined at a meeting of county chairmen with members of theNational Committee at Lexington on Friday of last week, and the hundredcounty chairmen in attendance upon the meeting were shown how easily theplans -can be carried into effect in the State of Kentucky.The general outline has been fitted to the campaign im Kentucky, andprinted forms are being rushed through in order to get them in the hands ofcounty chairmen as speedily as possible. The whole thing depends upon organization in the several counties of the State, and the counties represented atthe Lexington meeting and tftose whose chairmen were unavoidably absent onthat occasion were pledged to the National Committee to make whatever organisation is essential to the success of the Nebraska plan.Rather than to devote every week of the remaining months of the year1918 to the work of the War Savings campaign, it was determined to makeone big drive, June 24 to June 28 next, closing on National War Savings Day,during which time the rest of Kentucky's quota, that not already secured, willbe pledged by its citizens, to be purchased during the six months following.This drive will not be for sales of stamps, but for pledges. When it is over,and Kentucky's quota has been pledgei by her loyal citizens, the rest of theyear will be mere "follow up" to see that the War Stamps are purchased asthe months pass, to the end that when December 31 comes we can wire Chairman Vanderlip, of the National Committee, and our own Federal Director J. D.Lyon, that Kentucky has met her obligation as she always has done in thepast, and over-purchased this best Government security.The War Savings activity in Kentucky stood aside recently and helped"put over" the Third Liberty Loan campaign, its organization has done itspart in the other war activities of the year, and our county chairmen can nowcall upon those loyal men and women for assistance in our big June drive. Already scores of persons who have been engaged in the other activities havetendered their services to county chairmen for this drive, and in every instance their tender of service has been accepted. We should add every volunteer to the ranks of campaigners for the June drive.The plan of winding up the big campaign with a public meeting in everyschoolhouse in Kentucky in the afternoon pf June 28, which is to be proclaimedNational War Savings Day by President Wilson, by Governor Stanley and bythe Mayor of every city, town and hamlet in the State, and at a time when allof the other States of the Union are holding such meetings, is a splendid one.The entire country will take an hour off on this day to pledge itself to Thriftand War Savings. Men and women of the entire country are not invited- toattend, but are to be told that they are expected to be there to participate inthe meeting of their cbmmunity. The meetings are not to be adjourned untileach community in each State of the Nation has pledged its quota, which willbe announced in advance of the meeting.In order to start off each meeting in the State of Kentucky with the properenthusiasm the four days preceding the holding of the meeting will be devotedby the organization in each school district to securing in advance of the. meeting the pledges of as many of the people of each community as can be seen inthat limited time. A record of those pledging in advance of the meeting willbe read at the meeting to show that they have already signed up to save andserve their country. A record also will be kept of those of each communitywho do not answer present when the community roll is called. Our Uncle Samwants to know if there are any in the community who are not in sympathywith him as well as he wants t6 know the names of those who answer the callof the President on that great June day.We must have your help, Mr.Banker. We have not hesitated toask you to spend the bank's moneyto assist the advertising campaign.We are asking now more than that.We need your personal, active help.We want you to direct every one ofyour employes to urge constantly thesale of War Stamps. Good investment as they are, the stamps will notsell themselves. Your tellers havedaily opportunity to urge the sale ofthe stamps. In a great many instancesit will take only a suggestion fromthem to get your customers to putsome of their money into stamps.w. s. s.Fleming Going Weil."Sales in Fleming county havepassed the $100,000 mark," writesJ. W. Heflin, chairman of War SavingsCommittee for this county.w. s. S.What Am I Doing?Ask yourself this question: "Whatam I doing toward helping my countrywin the war?" If you are not doingsomething don't you think you are avery lukewarm American?The Government doesn't ask verymuch of you. It merely asks yeu todo without unnecessary things and invest your money saved thereby in securities. You can buy War SavingsStamps and assist the nation.Remember that etry time you buya War Savings Stamp, which is redeemable in gold in 1923, you are firinga shot at Berlin..W. S. S.How About It, Mr. Banker?The bankers of Kentucky do not yetfully realize the importance of the WarSavings campaign as part of the muchgreater campaign to defeat the Hunsof Europe. It is not the primary purpose of the War Savings campaign toget two billion dollars for the Government, important ae that is. Our primary purpose is to give direction tothe tremendous, but scattered energy ofMr. Average American. Every twentyfive cent piece pt into a Thrift Stamp,very four dollars and fifteen centsput into a War Saviags Stamp is Justthat muck more energy released forthe blow ow Gorernswat is striking. .Of all people in tMs country, bankers oegbt to be the first to Me this,and to appreciate also tae great andvaluable lesson of thrift which will bedriven deep into the minds of the preset a4 rising generate if the WarSavings campaign really amcceeds.Many of the teaks h Keatncky aresot yet actively interested in the WarSavings movement. A great many ofthem, indeed, have the stamps on sale.Nearly all of them have displayed ourposters. But there for the most parteffort ceases. 'tfrrvir'.,.1"War SmimsNot a Child's MovementThe War Savings movement is nota child's movement. It would be acapitalist movement if Uncle Sam hadnot put the limit at $1,000. If .you donot buy your' quota of War SavingsStamps you really have no right tocomplain if men with large amounts ofmoney are given the preference in absorbing issues of Government securities in the future.W. S. S.Harrodsburg Schools Busy.Harrodsburg, Ky., May 14, 1918.Mr. J. B. Brown, Louisville, Ky.Dear Sir: We have organized WarSavings Societies in our school withthe following names, and the amountsopposite their names have been contributed through W. S. S. and LibertyBonds:Pershing W. S. S $ 310.00Ganfield W. S. S.367.5QAlex. Hamilton W. S. S 844.25Robert Morris W. S. S 235.75Sammy Savers W. S. S 670.50Buddy Boosters W. S. S 432.75Liberty W. S. S 1,464.50Over-the-Top W. S. S 161.25Woodrow Wilson W. S. S. . . . 245.75Abraham Lincoln W. S. S 111.40Betsy Ross W. S. S ' 252.75Geo. Washington W. S. S 230.25Total $5,326.65We desire charters for these andwould appreciate he State Bulletinfor each room, with any other literature to help boost the proposition.Yours for winning the war,Harrodsburg Public School.By J. G. Prather, Supt.W. S. S.What Your Country Expects.Your country is counting on you tofurnish the sinews of war in this, themightiest contest that the world hasever known. It is counting on yourmoney, your labor, and your spirit ofself-sacrifice. World wars can not bewon by talk alone, and they can notbe won by resources unless those resources are so directed that, they countin the actual prosecution of the war.America, as we all know, is the richest nation in the worM. It has themost, money, the most factories andthe most natural resources. Bat themoney will not do us any good in thewar unless it is mobilised for the useof the Government.' This is why the War Savings Stampcampaign was devised by the Government K gives every man, every. woman and every child an opportunity todo something for the ceaatry theylove. You do not have to be a. millionaire and buy a lot of bonds. YourYoor twenty-five cents for a ThriftStamp or yonr $4.1 for a War SavingsStamp will help your comntry and helpit now. And the fact that you didwithout something to?get the money topurchase this stamp will help evermore, for the country can not get itwar work done it the factories are bu.-J ministering to your pleasure.iflwianaEMcCOMBS OIL CO.An Established Producing and Dividend-Paying Company.67 Producing Wells 17,000 Acresof Proven Leases.aWe purchased recently entire holdings of the BeckettIseman Oil and Gas Co., totaling 4,000 acres in the Campton and Torrent fields in Wolfe County. ifcjOn this property there are 38 producing wells connected with pipe lines.Due to increase in value of company's holdings,On June 15, 1918, StockAdvances to$1.50 Per ShareAnd Dividend Rate to18 Per Cent.Per AnnumFIVE DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFacts to Consider1. Established Company beyond experimental stage.2. Monthly Dividend of 1 per ct. After June 1 1-2 per ct.3. Earnings largely in excess of dividend requirements.4. Extensive holdings 17,000 acres largely in proventerritory.5. Stock has been subscribed in large blocks by discriminating investors.The Company's Stock May Now BePurchased at $1 .OO Per ShareFull Information on Request.ABRAM RENICK, President514-16 Inter-Southern Bldg. Louisville, KentuckyPhone Our RepresentativeJ. D. HEDRICKWindsor HotelNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, Call' Us Over Home Phone 399.KANELet Us Serve You !This company Is a public servant in a greater capacity than,other utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night ofteatimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people caaafford to do without. We are a home insttitutlon and are vitally Interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Yoacan help us. Let's get together.Peris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.M00NEY MUST HANG.SAN FRANCISCO, June 3. Thos.J. Mooney, convicted of murder inconnection with the PreparednessDay bomb explosion here in 1916 wasre-senteiced to be hanged at an undetermined date, not less than sixtynor more than ninety days from date,in San Quentin prison.yOneDropV. VeurfcenPeuHryltefltetfyA few drops In the !r TtSJCldrinking water cures CAHKK, and prevents white ""k diarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makesV 12 gallons of medicine. At drugf gists or by stall postpaid. Valup able poultry- book free on reauesUTor Sale by Brooks & Snapp.w7 Sisssw-ir. --;BROS.W. H. C ANHON,Ltcal Xtnmfer.You Can PinYour FaithOn our Optical work. Go into theeyeglass question carefully before youbuy Glasses. It is Is as dangerous towear glasses furnished by anyone buta graduate Optometrist as it is. towear glasses ltted to someone else'seyes. You incur no obligation by requesting our adyice about your eyes.DnWm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. - f mta!m9ttHi'i.JrfJ''If!7.M'Muto;fii"K 1liv1"I-lrKi -K"-TT7-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. ."T1GE EIGHT. m. p-,TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 118. 'HHHIHmiH M'"l 'H"I"M' "1 i H HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1c?&f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTuesday, June 4th".tmli..i.?-. vVtI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERS.4JVD MMBALMERS&-''7".-.VKX "AMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night ': . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only..(vBBBBBajaajBHjBBHBBaBBBBa1tMM4iM1&WW&WMILLERSBURG-ofat-r Cadet Harry Roche is at homelor the summer from the VirginiaMilitary Institute.THE SICK. Elder Alex Sandersremains about the same. Miss EdnaClarke is among the sick.Corporal Wadell Beeding,vCamp Taylor, Louisville, was- ; hone Saturday and Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst re0 turned Saturday after a few days'visit to their sister, Mrs. Gorman, at' Lexington.Master James Pruitt and littlesister. Miss Louise Pruitt, are visiting their grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Bedell Chanslor, at Stanford.Mrs. C. B. Smith left Monday toattend the Commencement exercisesat Georgetown College. Her daughter. Miss Martha Smith, will take heregree there on Wednesday.-"Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen and- guests, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Dorian,Ihe latter of Memphis, Tenn., visit-: -ed their nephew, Mr. J. A. Ingels, atCamp Zachary Taylor, Louisville,' "Wednesday and Thursday.The annual Commencement' Dance will be given here Wendnesday-night at the Opera House by the Mil-lersburg Dancing Club. Music forthe occasion will be furnished by onec- of the best known orchestras in the; State, making a specialty of dancemusic. A large number from Paris-will attend the dance, which is al-f -ways one of the most enjoyable of. the many social events about cora-, . mencement time.At a recent meeting of the col-ored Red Cross Chapter, which vasiield at the colored Christian church,considerable enthusiasm and loyaltywas manifested. Prof. Wood, of the"" "Western High School, Paris, was theprincipal speaker of the evening, and, -was followed with short addresses byHeV. J. D. Redd, P. E. of the Mays-- -ville district, and Dr. C. C. Fisher,- o the M. C. At the close of thex;'jmeeting $100 was raised by voluntary subscriptions from a rather.small audience. Elder R. M. Jackson- was-appointed chairman of the Chapter and appointed a soliciting committee who made a house-to-housecanvass, of the town. On the openingday of the drive ?65 more was raised,. making $165 from the colored chapt ter which, indeed, speaks well torSL them.. COMMENCEMENT.Millersburg is once more in holi-day attire, the spirit of patriotism isin evidence everywhere, many of ourhomes are decorated, and quite alarge number of visitors are with us,' in attendance on the twenty-fifth ari-nual commencement exercises of theM. M. I., which opened at M. M. I.r Auditorium, Saturday at 8:00 p. m.,with a four-act patriotic play, "enr titled "Claim Allowed."The large auditorium was filled to- its utmost. The play was under the. direction of Mrs. C. M. Best. It was' intensely interesting from first to Mrs1 J. 1 A I 1 fi Al Ilast,, umug du Aiuenuau Vivy ui luepresent time, dealing with the present war. The first three acts werelaid in New York and Colorado, the-opening scene of the last act was inParis, Prance, and at the gates ofBerlin.The piece was full of patriotismand loyalty to the cause. The partswere well taken, and on the whole,it was perhaps the best of its kind"ever put on by Mrs. Best. It is apiece calculated to inspire patriotismanywhere, and all communities,' would do' well with its local talentto put on such pieces, as it would- keep fresh, in the minds of its cit-- zens the need and necessities of thisawful war. We regret that we cannot give a synopsis of the work andemphasize Wie strong feature of everyn. character. So well was the work received here that almost every onewould be glad to have it repeated. Agood musical program was also ren-dered by the M. M. I. Orchestra. Thisorchestra can now play good music,".and we regret that with theclosingof the school this splendid musical or-ganization will be broken up, some of"its members not returning next year,V-and it will -have to reorganize.v'-.At 10:45 a. m. Sunday anotherlarge audience assembled at theMethodist church to be present at thebacculaureate sermon. Long beforethe time for the services the seatingcapacity of the house was occupiedand chairs were brought in. At theappointed time, the line of Cadets filed in, taking their places. A splendid musical program was rendered,consisting of anthems, violin solos,harp and violin duets. This was undoubtedly the best musical programever put on at an M. M. I. Commencement. The music was of ahigher order and indeed elaborate.The choir and cadets were assisted byMiss Klieser, Instructor in stringedinstruments at the'M. C, as violinist,and Mr. H. E. Conner, harpist, ofCincinnati, O. Dr. Kerr Boyce Tupper, speaker of the occasion, of Philadelphia, Pa., was introduced byRev. J. W. Gardner, pastor of the1 church. Dr. Tunper took as his subject, "Man." He took his significantmeaning from the beginning of timedown to the present. He dealt withhim in the ideals of the Greek andRoman philosophers. He came downwith him through the poetical literature of classic lore, rounding outhis discourse with what he is to-day,and the various attributes that onemust possess in order to be a man.It was one of the best sermons wehave ever listened to. It was one thatwill never be forgotten by those whoheard it.The M. M. I. is full of guests fromoil the surrounding towns and manyother States. It is also a home-comingof old cadets, and quite a number of them are present. They havebeen arriving on every train sinceSaturday, and quite a number ofthem will not arrive until ttiis morning. Thus far there are more thancne hundred cadets and other visitors. The student body are providedwith tents on the campus. Therooms of the barracks are occupied byHie visitors." This is the most brilliant commencement that Col. andMrs. Best have put on, and will always be remembered. See next issuefor remainder of exercises.The following is a partial list ofvisitors in the town and community:Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Dorian, of Memphis, Tenn., Mrs. Efram Wood, ofStanford, Mrs. Bettie Bush, Mr. andMrs. H. H. Philips, of Winchester,with Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen; Mr.and Mrs. T. K. Smith, of Paris, withMr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter; MissElizabeth Mock, of Ashland, with theMisses Tarr; Miss Stella Stirman, ofParis, Mr. C. E. Rhodes and daughters, Pauline and Susan Rhodes, andMrs. Lucile Cassidy, of Flemingsburg,with Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst; MissAlma Hurst, of Lexington, with herbrother and sister, Mr. and Mrs. O.E. Hurst; Mrs. Boone Chanslor, ofLittle Rock, with Mrs. J. B. Cray;Misses Adran and Elizabeth Jefferson, of Mayslick, with Miss MabelMetcalfe; Mr. Talby Reese, of Mayslick, with his cousins, the MissesWood; Mr. Chas. Ball and family,Mrs. Rebecca Simms, of ' Paris, Mr.and Mrs. J. R. Price, of Escondida,Mrs. W. W. Hutchison, of Nepton,with Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Maffott:Bessie Norton .and Mrs. William Norton, of Carlisle, with MissNannie Burroughs; Mrs. Lou Sharp,of Sharpsburg, with Mrs. J. 0. Ralls;Mrs. K. R. Vaught and Mrs. A. M.Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind., Withtheir parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D.Judy, Mr. Bryan McMurtry, of Cynthiana, with Mr. J. T. Adair; MissesJanes Bowling and Cleone McWhorters, of Lancaster, with Miss Margarete Layson; Misses Mabel Todd,Houshings and Raney, of Bloomfield,with. Mrs. Bert McClintock: Mr. andMrs. Garrett Jefferson, of Paris, with.tneir motner, Mrs. Anna Jefferson;Mr. and Mrs. Estell and Mrs. Hopkins, of Little Rock, and Mrs. M. R.Collier, of Paris, with Mrs. C. B.Smith; Miss Mildred Collier and Harry Morrison, of Paris, with MarthaPurdy, and brother, William; Mrs.J. L. Ewing, Mr. and Mrs. GlennPerry, of Owingsville, with Mr. andMrs. S. C. Bascom; Miss Louise Best,of Maysville, and Miss Patty Hunter,of Washington, Mason county, withMrs. A. S. Best; Miss Dasher, of Macon, Ga.f with her sister, Mrs. J. H.Barnes; Mrs. Turner Perry, ofOwingsville, with her mother, Mrs.Adah McClintock; Misses Macy Tal.bott and Martha Tom Collier, ofParis, with the Misses Purnell; Mr.William Fox presentsTheda Barain the Theda Bara interpretation ofCamille"By- Alexander Dumas.Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe Tenth Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, June 5thThosi H. Ince PresentsCharles RayIN"Playing the Game"A Paramount Picture.Also a "Luke" Comedy,with Harold Lloyd.Hearst-Pathe News No.38.Thursday, June 6thNorma TalmadgeIN'Ghosts of Yesterday'From the play by Rupert Hughes.Mutt and Jeff Comedy,'Helping McAdoo."Hearst-Pathe News INln39. """PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At 'it1? Pars Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Oolored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.and Mrs. L. P. Lee, of Lexington,with Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller;Misses Florence Dick, Mary Elliott,Elizabeth Andrews, North Middletown, Sallie Daniel, Mr. and Mrs.Howard Scobee, Mrs. Woodford Daniel, of Paris, and Miss Louise Wood,of Georgetown, and Anna FrankBridges, of Frankfort,, with Mr. andMrs. 0. M. Johnson; Mrs. Garnettand daughter, Miss Martha Garnet't,and sons, Messrs. John and DavidDaniel, of Cynthiana, with Mrs, Elizabeth Miller, and daughter; Mr. andMrs. Hiram Hill and Misses Pearl andMayme Stokley, of Cynthiana, withMr. and Mrs. G. L. Hill; Mrs. EarlEvans, of Little Rock, with her mother, Mrs. Jennie Letton; Mr. and Mrs.Bes. Chanslor and Louis Jochum., ofLexington, with Mr. and Mrs. IVf. E.Pruitt; Miss Kleiser, of Waverley,111., with Miss Mary Louise Bruce.Tss Pa PaDEATHS.HENRY.Mn J. B. Henry, aged seventyone years, died at his home nearNorth Middletown, Saturday, afteran illness of several weeks' duration.Mr. Henry was a farmer, and wellknown to the people of Paris. He issurvived by his widow and threechildren. The funeral was held atNorth Middletown yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. The interment followedin the North Middletown Cemetery.SIDENER.The funeral of Mrs. S. J. Sidener,aged eighty-six, who died Friday 'ather home near Old Union, after an illness of only ten days, was held atthe Old Union church, Sunday morning at ten o'clock. The services wereconducted by Rev. J. Taylor Sharrard, of Paris. The interment followed on the family lot in the Old UnionCemetery.Mrs. Sidener was the widow of Mr.Jacob Sidener, one of the pioneer residents of Bourbon county, who diedtwenty-seven years ago. Before hermarriage she was Miss Jane Huls, ofClark county. She is survived by oneson, Mr. J. B. Sidener, of Fayettecounty, and two daughters, Mrs. Mattie L. King, and Mrs. Ira Parks, bothof Paris.STITT.The Vacaville (California) Reporter, of May 24 contained the following notice of the death of a former resident of Bourbon:"Mrs. Mary (Mollie) Stitt, aged 84,one of the best known and belovedwomen of Vacaville, died suddenlySunday night (May 19) at the homeof her daughter, Mrs. Fred C. Howe,at Fresno, (California,) where shehad just gone for a visit, having lefthere Friday morning with her daughter. Miss Eliza Stitt. with whom shemade her home. Miss Stitt returnedSunday, leaving her mother in herusual health, and received the sadnews Monday morning that she hadpassed away Sunday night.Ihe body was "Drought to Vacaville,and the funeral was held from thefamily residence Wednesday, May 22.In addition to the relatives, manyfriends not only from Vacaville, butfrom Guinda and other towns werepresent, and floral tributes were exceedingly beautiful."Mrs. Stitt was born in HarrisonCounty, Kentucky, in 1834, and wasmarried there in 1854 to Major W.J. Stitt. She came with her husbandto California from Versailles, Ky., in1887, settling in Vacaville, which hassince been her home with the exception of a brief residence at Guinda.The couple celebrated their goldenwedding here in 1904. Major Stitt,who was a veteran of the MexicanWar, died in 1907."She is survived by two daughtersand three sons, Miss Eliza Stitt, ofVacaville, Mrs. Fred C. Howe, " ofFresno, W. B. Stitt, of Tulare, M. H.Stitt, of Guinda and J. C. Stitt, ofWoodland. Two brothers are alsoliving, Robert Bradley, of Franklin,Tenn., who is 99 years of age, andG. T. Bradley, of Winchester, Ky."Mrs. Stitt was a members of theChristian Church, and exemplifiedthe Christian virtues by a long lifeof unselfish devotion to her family."Mrs. Stitt was a daughter of Wm.Bradley and'Mahala Bradley, bothnow deceased, who at one time resided in Millersburg, Ky., opposite Millersburg Female College, and are interred in the Millersburg Cemetery.Mrs. Stitt is an aunt of Mrs. LidaConway, Judge Harmon Stitt andBruce Miller, all of Paris. Mrs. Conway, who is visiting her son in California, attended the burial.We don't wonder that tan stockings are to be popular with the girlsthis summer. Men always did likeyellow-legged chickens.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, June 4 ThedaBara in her own interpretation ofDumas' "Camille;" Pearl White andAnto-nio Moreno in tenth episode of"The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, June 5.Charles Ray, in "Playing The Game,"a Paramount picture; Luke Comedy,and Hearst-Pathe News No. 38.Thursday Norman Talmadge, in"Ghosts of Yesterday," adapted fromthe play by Rupert Hughes; Muttand Jeff Comedy, "Helping McAdoo;"Hearst-Pathe News No. 39.BOARD 0E SUPERVISORS COMPLETE THEIR WORK.The work of the Bourbon CountyBoard of Tax Supervisiors has beencompleted and an adjournment takenuntil next Thursday, when the finaltabulation will be made and forwarded to the State Board of Equalization at Frankfort.The Board, in order to complywith the order of the State Boardmadea raise in the valuation of fortyper cent, on lands, ten per cent, ontown lots, and ten per cent, on personalty, bringing the entire countyassessment well above the $20,000,000 .mark.1 m sIt is hard to make your wife believe it is better for her'to have sunshine in her bosom than have a sunburst on it.Any wife can tell you that a manhas too many excuses and not enoughreasons.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankFREEtomorrow!This JValuableSouvenirBe sure to drop in tomorrow and bring this ad with you.Tomorrow we intend to present our patrons with a- smallbox that contains the secret of thousands of beautiful faces.GUIS SpecialtiesThis dainty Guest Room Packaf e will be givenfree tomorrow to all who present this ad.( It contains a threedays supply of Ingram's MilkweedCream; Velveola Soaveraine Face Powder;Ingram's Perfume; Ingram's Rouge, and ZodentaPowder for the Teeth.GIVEN FREE TOMORROW At Our Toilet CoasterIngtQTVrelK'jSa hES? wsacrrni t-gsglB aK.iu.ji.ii rr. s,Brooks & Snapp Drug Co.Dan Cohen'sSpecialsIN-SUMMER SHOESWonderful Bargains for Economical BuyerslOVER.in most desirable leathersand styles a prices lessthan present factory cost.EveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterBuy your Summer Shoesnow at a great saving.Ladies' most beautifulGray and White Kid, alsoWhite ClothBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and. other famous makes, at prices youcannot possibly duplicateelsewhere.LCm 7 JVtf-A. tf).-mT mM., . mmi m XlslstsmZWitli IBIMHHLadies' White and Grey Kid to AQPumps 0.3Ladies Canvas Boots and Pumps tl QQac "Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords jo QQau tLadies' Mahogany Tan English ttjo ncBoots and Oxfords fo.voMen's Tan and Black Shoes and rfjo aqOxfords, good makes $Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and e a aOxfords, Walk-Over ?D.UUMen's Gun Metal Button o jqand Lace Shoes $&?Boys' Gun Metal Lace and i a aButton Shoes fl.VVMen's Tan Scouts o niDAN COHEN' Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign-JiS