tV"-iVi'THENEWSJov?yPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.5U-?VOLUME XXXVIIZPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918r- s - i .: s r ,.. -BOURBONSUNDAY SAW STAItT OF UNITEDWAR WORK CAMPAIGN.GIVE,TOR YOURSAKE!SOUL'SIf You are "Humane".. How CanYou Refuse?Be able to look "Our Boys" inthe eye and say to them "I couldBOt go with you to fight, hut,thank God, I helped to 'backvou up. "'You'll be proud to say that,and, if you can't honestly say.,t well, America is no place forou.The drive for the United WarWorkers' Campaign lasts untilSaturday night. Bourbon's qouta.a $52,000. Have YOU doneiour part?Sunday, although a rather disagreeable day, saw the start of theLnited War Workers' campaign inth's city for $52,000, the county'squota in the big drive. Though several of the various committees wereconfined to their home with illness theothers took up the work, and mad3 ahouse-to-house canvass in all the residence districts of the city. It was agood day for the purpose, as nearlyeverybody was "at home" for the day,having been previously prepared bythe local press for the visitors.Owing to the ban placed on publicpatherings the mass meeting scheduled to be held at the court house onFriday night as a preliminary to hegreat drive, was declared off. Ameeting was held in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, instead, atwaich final arrangements were prelected and the workers given their instructions, At this meeting a clubknown as the Three Hundred DollarClub was formed. This Club startedthe ball rolling with subscriptionsand pledges amounting to nearly $4,000. Several subscrptions of five hundred dollars were also taken.The colored people of the city participated in the drive Sunday andraised a total of $1,300. The VictoryBoys' Club went to work with, a willto raise their allotment. Twenty-fiveboys presented themselves for thevork. Each one agreed to raise thesum of $5.00, earned by his ownlabor. Each one was to select- thename of a soldier, in whose name hiscontribution to the work was to betendered. The same was true of theVictory Girls. Both made goodrreg-Ji"rvrrtc for the first "day's work." Theboys were captained by Rev. R. C.Goldsmith and Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick,vrhile the girls were in charge ofMisses Louie Bruer and ElizabethJrutcher. In the county the work-was well in hand under the variouscommittees. North Middletown No. 1reported a total of $5,300 collected ina few hours. Their quota had beenplaced at $4,500. Ten members ofthe Club gave $300 each. The campaign will continue through, all ofthis week. It had been the fond hopecf the County Chairman and of thechairmen of the committees thatBourbon's quota would be raised inthe one-day campaign, but due to insufficient publicity, the illness of several workers and a variety of othercauses, the work could not be accomplished. The workers were againbusy yesterday in the city and countyand will keep up their work until theend of the campaign.In order to keep the matter freshin the minds of the public THENEWS has been asked to republishth general outline of the campaign.Kentucky has been asked for $1,770,800. Of this amount Bourbon txmntyis asked to raise the sum of $52,000.The county's quota had originallybeen placed at $28,000, with an additional fifty per cent., making- ittotal $42,000. To this is to be added a budget of $10,000 for the localY. M. C. A. Subscribers may contribute to the general fund of $42,000, or they may contribute exclusively, as they desire, to the UnitedWar Workers' fund. The local Y.M. C. A. will not get the allotmentcf $10,000 until the $42,000 for thegeneral fund is first raised. Payments may be made as follows: Onehalf on December 2; one-fourth onJanuary 15, 1919: and one-fourth onMarch 1, 1919.We cannot too strongly urge onMr people to contribute liberally tothis campaign, as, in the nature ofJts object it is one of the mostworthy that has come up during thear. The care of the soldiers afterthe war will become just as necessarys during the war. So, "Salute theflag, and go to it."Last night before THE NEWS"rent to press Secretary Z. L. Wilcox,of the Y. M. C. A., stated that the"Rork was well under way in the cityand county, but it would be impossible to give the exact amount raisedup to last night. Several pracinctskad not reported, and in others thework was going slowly, so that hecould not give the sums. "He statedfurther that it was the opinion ofthose having charge of the nnancialend of the campaign that Bourboncounty had already raised about halfts quota, about $25,000.CUT FLOWERS.14 vnoice cut nowers in duucmw vAdcsiims fnr fiifiPralR. weddings.- social4'le.iVTio Vi oUlr t. n-srYtlirnOSe Wherp-'-wuA, IUG D1WB. Ji. .(M1J ,- -lowers may be uaed. prompt. iu-uon given all orders, wnetner iarsor small. -JO. -VARDEN,'22.m ' f.ilvwmmUtXimmtATTherewas much reioicine: amonsrhorsmen at Latonia when they learned that the Latonia meeting was nowassured, and that the season wouldget under way to-morrow, Wednesday. It has been a trying ordeal formany of them, particularly thosewith small stables and slender purses,but they have passed over the longperiod of inaction in good shape andare now looking forward to the opening when they will be given an opportunity to earn money to pay feedbills and other expenses.General Manager John Hachmeister is equally pleased at the outlookfor the meeting: and declares it willbe a most successful one, provided theweatherconditions are favorable. Hestated that the meeting would positively run ten days and possiblylonger.The change in opening dates hasbrought about a revision of the dateson which the stakes are to be run,and these changes have been handedout by Secretary Campbell.According to the new schedule thefirst and second Saturday of themeeting will be featured by twostakes. On the first Saturday boththe Fort Thomas heandicap and theSinton Hotel special will be run off,while the following ' Saturday willhave as its features the $10,000 Latonia Cup race, at two miles and aquarter and the Gibson Hotel Special.Secretary Campbell also named thedays when ladies will be admittedfree to the course. These are Thursday, November 14, and Wednesday,November 20.following is the list of stakes withtheir revised dates:Latonia Inaugural Handicap, Wednesday, November 13; Fort Thomas,Saturday, November 16; Sinton HotelSpecial, Saturday, November T6; Autumn Selling Stakes, Tuesday, November 19; Queen City Handicap,Thursday, November 21; Latonia Cuprace, Saturday, November 23; GibsonHotel Special, Saturday, November23.a to saCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.I -nBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.There was a short session of theBourbon Circuit Court at the courthouse yesterday, owing to the factthat the flu ban is still on and therewill be no jury trial at this sessionJudge Robert L. Stout presided andComjmonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley was at his post.The usual motion hour was observed, and the time of the Court was occupied with hearing of the ordinaryappearance docket. Judge Stout ordered a special grand jury to convene to-morrow (Wednesday) for thepurpose of indicting two prisoners,both colored, now in the Paris jail.The Court appointed J. Will Thomas,Logan Bryan and Jos. Leach to actas Jurv Commissioner. According toprevious instructions from the Court,Sheriff W. G. McClintock notified allpetit and grand jurors summoned toappear yesterday that they need notdo so, as there would be no jury trialon account of the restriction placedon public gatherings by the StateBoard of Health on account of the influenza ban. The Court then adjourned until Wednesday when the specialgrand jury will be in session for thepurpose indicated above.TBI ft"ft HOVERCOAT WEEK.We've made a special showingthis week of fine all-wool overcoatsIn many new styles $20 to $85.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BIG SPECIAL TOR THIS WEEK.Big special for this week smokeless shells; $1.00 per box.(2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.motor "Suck mail serviceprobable.If matter can be so .arranged Pariswill in the near future, be on the lineof the proposed motor truck servicebetween Lexington and Cincinnati..The matter will be determined at anearly date. . m ..Mr. David L. Garvey, of Washington D. C, representing the Fourth.Assistant Postmaster-General, andtt TPi-anir Tteattv. of Cincinnati, Assistant Superintendent of Mails, havebeen in Paris, in consultation withPostmaster J. Walter Payne in regard to the matter. The plans andpurposes of the proposed service werethoroughly discussed. Under the proiSsed arrangement the service,which will leave Lexington for Cincinnati, will pass through Paris, Cynthiana and "Falmouth.. m fs is,AIL TOR THE LADIES.t . 3l.i TKTao'haTllA KidGloves injaCUCa t - - TUToMall the new Shanes, miasm """Silk Hose, the finest and best ladiestt)m MrTCHELL & BLAKEMORE.TAKEff BACK FOR TRIAL.John Pollard, of Maysvffie, arrestedhereby Chief of Police Link, on achS of grand Urceny, wis UkenrrtT xavville ly PatrolmanpOKB. 4 w m....- ,xsJ ,;,ofnbatity,fortriVWEDNESDAY OPENING DAYLATONIA RACES.ARMISTICE SIGNEDGreat World War Ends-Kaiser Fleesto Holland; All Princes ExiledPopular Uprising is Successful in Berlin and All LargeGerman Cities Every Dynasty To Be Suppressed.ORDERS FOR TROOP TRAINS ON L. & N. CANCELEDFollowing a series of minors regarding the signing of the armisticebetween the warring elements in Europe, all the rumors afterward proving premature and unconfirmed, this part of the -world was startled at3:00 yesterday morning, fcy the receipt of the following official news:"WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 1. Armistice terms have been signed byGermany, the State Department announced at 2:45 O'clock this morning. The world war will end this morning at six o'clock, Washingtontime, eleven o'clock Paris, Prance, -time, and five o'clock in Paris, Kentucky. The armistice was signed bythe German representatives at midnight. This announcement was made at 2:50 o'clock' -Immediately upon receipt of the news, which came through theTrain Dispatchers' office at the Louisville & Nashville depot, in thiscity, pandemonium broke loose. The whistles of all the engines in the 'yard, the big whistle on the round house and at other places, shriekedforth a welcome of the great news, while the big tower bell on the roofof the Paris fire department also "tolled" the news. Sleeping Paris wasawakened under the impression that there was a big fire in progress,but, gaining an inkling of the news, shouted a little and returned to theirslumbers, content to await official confirmation of tlie good news, whichcame in abundance, and of an undoubted authanticity in the morning.The Kaiser and his eldest son, Crown Prince Frederick William,have fled to Holland. The revolution which is in progress throughoutGermany seems seems to have thrown fear into the hearts of the Emperor and his son and caused them to seek asylum and refuge in a neutralState.The London Daily Express says it understands that the German armistice terms are even more stringent than those forecast October 31.Germany will be absolutely deprived, . newspapers state, from furthermilitary power or action on land, sea, and in the air.The revolution is spreading to all parts of Germany. Street fightinghas taken place in the streets, of Berlin. Many persons have been killedand wounded. The Crown Prince's foalace has been seized by the revolutionists: Peoples' government has been established in the greater part ofBerlin and" in other cities in Germany. 'Leipsic, Stuttgart, Cologne, Essen and Frankfort have joinedlin tlje revolution.he great Krupp unandisWe!&w.orks at Essen are. in the hands ofthe revolutionists. Lieut. Krupp Von Bohlen-Halbach, the head of theworks, and his wife have been arrested. "The Danish frontier is being strictly guarded "by the German Soldiers' Council, in order to prevent the escape of rich people, generals andother high officers. The eaglesof soldiers' helmets have been removedand red bands substituted.The German people, for a generation the obedient and submissiveContinued on Page 4.)WE "'KNOW HOW Immv By WearingDUOFOLDUNDERWEARThe layer of soft cotton on the inside is soothing to the skin. The layer offine wool on the outside is warm and can'titch.The outside absorbs moisture fromthe inside cotton and drys it. It keeps thegarment always fresh and dry never feelswet or sticky, like an all-cotton suit. 'DUOFOLDProvides Warmth, Comfortand HealthCome in and we will gladly showyou. Union Suits and Separate Garments.MITCHELL &Dr. Reed's Cushion SoleNettleton ShoesiGOLDSIL"JBLAKEMORE:ShoesManhattan Shirts!; I5?efon Hats i KISERVICE OECOUNTRY.THEIRPrivate Frank Roche, of Paris,who was transferred some time agofrom Camp Shelby, at Hattiesburg,Miss. to Camp Taliferro, Texas, wasa guest of his mother, Mrs. Thos. F.Roche, two days last week. PrivateRoche returned to his army duties onSaturday morning..Private Sheiptnan janriette, a member of the U. g. infantry stationed atCamp Dix, in New Jersey, has- beenat the home of his" brother-in-law,Mr. Linville Miles, near North Middletown for several days. PrivateJennette is recuperating after an attack of influenza and pneumonia.Mrs. Anna McClure Hinton, wifeof Mr. C. O. Hinton, of Paris, has received a letter from her husband, whois engaged in army Y. M. C. A. workin England, stating that he had recently undergone an operation necessitating the repioval of his right eye.Otherwise he is in good shape.Lieut. Richard Huffman, who hasbeen visiting his mother, Mrs. MaryHuftjman, in Millersburg returnedFriday to his duties as instructor atSeefridge Field, near Ft. Still, Oklahoma. Lieut. Huffman was accompa-jnied to his post Of duty by his wife,lormeriy miss Louise Myall, of Parisand Millersburg.Mrs. J. T. Brown received a cherryletter from her son, Mr. Thos. Prichard, who went to England with theBarrow Hospital Unit. Mr. Prichard wrote that he was on detachedduty near Peyton, England, withseveral other members of ..the Unit,while the rest were still at the BaseHospital, near Hants, England: Hestated he was well and contented,and that he had heard from othermembers of the JJnit to the sameeffect ., The Lexington Herald of Sundaypublished a half-tone cut showing thebaseball team of the Barrow HospitalUnit No. 40, now in -England. TbJsteam has played some of the'' bestAjmerica-n teams in England, and isstill undefeated. Among the playersshown are Baldwin Woods, of Paris,and Allen Ingels, of Millersburg. Theteam is made up entirely of CentralKentucky men. Young Woods is anall-round athlete, and won a-silvercup at St. Joseph's College, at Bardstown, in Athletic contests.THE NEWS is often requested toprint letters from the soldier boysover in France and in the army cam,psin this country which contain nothing of .interest to the general public, though they are quite interestingto the ones at home. When we dopublish letters we aim to omit allthese tender nassages which only refer to family affairs. If you have letters which give good descriptions ofthe country and people over there, incidents of personal experience andsuch things, as are of general interest,, then we will be glad to publishthem.f Maj. Henry F. Rhodes, of Frankfort, Chief of the Selective Draft Service has called on draft boards for14,125 white men to be sent to CampBeauregard, La., and to Camp Greenleaf, Ga., during November. Of themen to be thus inducted into theservice 5,577 will be from the registration of September. 12. Under theterms of the call 5,577 white menphysically qualified for general military service to be sent to Camp Beauregard, Bourbon county will furnishfifty. Eight thousand, one hundredand twenty-five white men will besent to Camp Greenleaf, Ga., during afive-day period, beginning November18. Under this call Bourbon countywill be required to furnish thirtyseven men.The capture of Hugh Dugan, ofHinsdale, 111., was reported early lastpring, and was heard by friends herewith regret. Hugh Dugan, son of A.G. Dugan and Mrs. Dugan, of Hinsdale, 111., w,ent to school at Ashville,S. C, with.Frazier Lebus and Louisdes Cognets, of Lexington, and JamesThompson, of Paris. He has been afrequent visitor at the home of Mr.Thompson, and at the home of Ivfr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, in Paris. Heis about 22 years old and enlisted inthe Royal Flying Corps. Last spring,shortly after he had begun flying inFrance, he was reported missing forseveral weeks and his location wasnot known, but later it was announced that he had been captured by theGermans. He is permitted to writetwo letters of medium length eachmonth. -4. t. -5 - .Mrs. W. A.- Clarke, of Cincinnati,who was formerly Miss Martha Waller, of Paris, sends THE NEWS aclipping from the Cincinnati ' TimesStar, a letter from. Lieut. John Covington, of Cincinnati, who is wellknown here; -where he has visited onnumerous occasions. Lieut. Covington, who is in France with the 353dinfantry, American E. F., was before' his enlistment in the aijmy; a prominent building contrator m Cincinnati. In one1 part of his letter diewrites to Mr. Clarke: "Did yon" eversee a gasoline'" drum ?"Welf" theycome over us sometimes, from MetzI,think. All we hear is tt buzz and- itDajl buriedtone of our Lieutenant'alive sfereral days go, .not .mentioninr th number menJ LieutXCQV-ingtn ira rktntly, recommendedtorV Distinguished Service, cross 'CD. s..) for fally,in; and reorganizingIN THETHE JfcED CBOSS TEA EOOlTFollowing the brilliant success!achieved by the workers Sunday in.the United War Workers' Campaign?the Red Cross Tea Room was theMecca to which all steps turned. Thladies in charge provided a "VictorySix-O'clock Dinner." at which lhafollowing menu was served:Cranberry jelly, celery, escalloped,oysters, mashed potatoes, creamedcauliflower, with cheese sauce, Victory salad, Nesselrode pudding withmeringue.Miss Louise Wyeatt will be Captain in charge of the rooms this week,with the accopipanying staff ofassistants: Misses Charlina Ball, Elizabeth Tarr, Frances Clay. Anna.Eads Peed. Asmes Turner. MlBrinch Meinertz and Mrs. WalterDalby.The menu for to-day is as follows:Swiss steak and tomato sauce. Lotbiscuit; mashed potatoes, baked:beans, 50c; Bavarian creapi and ladyfingers, 15c; grapefruit salad, 15c;mincemeat pie, 10c.On Wednesday evening the ladieswill serve a special six-o'clockJ'PeacSupper," appropriate to the greatevent that featured yesterday's news.The Room will be closed Wednesday at noon, and the Peace Supperwill be served at six o'clock, instead.K'Uncle Sam" will carve "The Kaiser"right before your eyes. Be there intime to see "The Kaiser's" finish.The following menu will comprisethe Peace Supper, which will be served at seventy-five cents per plate:PEACE SUPPER:Wilhelmthe pig, with apple sauce;turkey; celery; sweet -potatoes a laAllies; asparagus with French butter; English rolls; Italian plum pudding; Belgian fruit salad; Red Crosscoffee.Mrs. James Stephens, of Paris,has gone to Irvine to nurse the family of Mr. Elmer Nichols, formerly ofParis, who are ill with influenza.Mrs. Nichols was formerly Miss EthelHukill, of Paris.Mrs. Howell, of Dayton, Ohio, isa guest of Mrs. Charles T. Whaley,at her home on the North Middletownpike, near Paris. ,m Pa mB-4 TIREInsure with ,W.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsm -a fttHUE DESTROYS TWO HOMESflEAB UTTLE SOCK.A blaze originating from leaking?gasoline in the garage of James Dunam, colored, of near Little Rock, Friday, destroyed Duncan's automobile,and soon compnunicated to the residence adjoining. The home was entirely consumed by the flames, to-gether with, all the contents. Duncan's loss will amounfto severalthousand dollars with a small amountof insurance.The cottage of Robert Hillman, coloi ed, another resident of Little Rock,was destroyed by fire, when a bucketof tar caught fire, and communicatedto the home. All the household ef-fects were consumed in the flames.Hillman had a small insurance on thehouse and contents.ftt Ka ftiFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.SHELBY "COUNTY BABNS BUi-'ED WITH CONTENTS. ..Two banrs in Hartford place, nearShelbyville, were burned Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock, with all theircontents, entailing a loss approximating 10,000, with only $4,300 insurance. Both barns were. owned byJohn Hartford. One, valued at 2,000, was insured for $1,000 and theother valued at $500 for $300.In the larger barn, Leo Gibbs andJ. C. Warneld had stored their entirecrop of tobacco, about 10,000 pound,which was totally destroyed. Theirloss is estimated at $5,000, with insurance for $3,000. In the other banLMr. Hartford had stored a lot of barfurniture and fixtures on which therewas no insurance. The origin ofthe fire is unknown.ADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court Wjm. B. Leniaster qualified as administrator of th&estate of his brother, the late M: D.Lemaster, by furnishing bond in thesum of $5,000, with Mr. Ed. H.Gorey, as surety.Thos. W. Current qualified asad-'ministrator of the estate of the 'lateEarl Insko, of Millersburg, by -furnishingbond in the sum of $5u'0,with Mr. J. F. Wasson as surety. Thecourt appointed' Wm. Best, J. -rT.vWasson and Sanford Allen as appraisers. TOBACCO INSURANCE.Tak no chahcfsinsurtyatar .tobacco in thrbarn atalnstflr,and windstorm with .YERKES & PEED.(nov5-4t)HIGHWAY ENGINEERS' CONEVJt-TJON POSTPONED:..The Kentucky Highway EnginayaConvention, k which -.was to be held'imOwensboro, on November 12, 13 and14 has been postponed indefinitely on.account of the influenza epidemic.No meeting' will'be held until it is-cert u. ati uausci xiao yuwju.' ahnotice of thedate- will - b' shrsm'iftrou&'tka Slat press. - . ; -. V-Z vl " ' ' 'sktfbnvs aaJSterBt lit, am for. cRnt -1.imr two acki guns. ,ary-FV-!ij rZ, rr .' t' jv-i, -vt' xTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 111!C'IHE BOURBON NEWSMnft&aed 188186 Years of Continuous PublicationPiWislied Every Tuesday and FridayPr Year. ,$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SW3DEX. CHAMP, Editor and Owner.,-Ctetered at the Paris, Kentucky,"Pofttoifice as Mail Master of theSecond Class.)Aay erroneous reflection upon thefcaraeter, standing or reputation Oipferson, firm or corporation whichaapear in the columns or TinaBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected' if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perler, first time; 50 cents per inchbsequent insertion.Xt4tag Notices, 10 cents per lineiMue: reading notices in blacKtje, -Q cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates? ?pituaries and resolutions, andoiMilaQ jnatter, 10 cents per line.BfHiliT rates for large advertiseauttfd yearly contracts.Tfc;trih: of publisher is reseivedto decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political offices, j.Htyariably be accompanied bys cash..' -This paper has enlistedjlfHh the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the warEDITOBIAI.HUSnfGS..' Value of Good Jloads.The direct effect that changing badloads, into good roads has upon land,Talufifsiid the general economic welfare of a. community is shown in several concrete illustrations gathered"by the XTnited States Department ofAgriculture. The department has justissueLa. statement on the subject,baaed upon a mass of informationgathered by. the office of public roads,which is making a special study ofthe economic effect, of rpad improvementn the country. According todata gathered, where, good roads replacebad ones, the values of farmlaads bordering on the roads increaset such an extent that t the cost ofroad improvement is equalized, if notexceeded. The general land values,as wlJDas faipn values, showed marked advances, following the improve3arant$of roads.j Tempers.Tempers are queer things anyway.Wo snap, and growl, and scold, andfumeifan'd fret for.no cause under thasun that we know of and whentroubfcy really comes' we smile andtafco it as unconcernedly -as though itiris th most commonplace affair. Wewill jjilkfdr, a.week"pyer a slight that-was a1in our imagination, and grew-all thenadder because we iknow thatto Whole matter is. an invention .ofour Oopta- The fact .is, when -we eelgodt cyclone can't-spdil our eq.uanimitypbLtKit we chance, to be out ofaorlsnd have the blues, we are going Tget macUand stay mad and ifwe-doAftnd any-provopatlonwe willmkfc.,one. pcheman who gets the I"bruesrahd who is there -jarho- doesn tget tftem is a most unfortunate person. fTen minutes after the attackfcegifjl he has concluded that he istkomost abused man on the face of"the earth. Every person in the townis working against him he knows itand it is no use to deny the fact. Ifthe unfortunate man is married, he-mnea" disgust upon his wife and boyand -cow..Get Busy, Children!THere are too many boys and girlsojl tue cuumry ana cuy, more in tne 'lattecpthan in the former, who arepronfe to look upon work as beneath"Chein There are thousands of themoa. lthrjeshoId of maturity who retain the same views and habits whichfound encouragement in their earlieryears. What becomes of this class ofpeopJetwftme,jof"them awaken andflrTjf-4 desperate struggle overcometkdHiabit'and leant .to 'work, to save,3ftd to prepare for,th'e inevitablerainy day? Many of them, however,4rift and' drift until they beconie ac-csplahTe recruits in the hobo army.Try This' One Once!HoreIsi puzzle-thatTpuzzles everybody? Takerfthe nlimber bf your living fchrsjubftnemount, a'dd"t icTDuiriTmiplr 'by nte. add tom nly .tenado; the,WMfKfoT iepLtbs.of .brothers andnfctect 150, fraothfferafult. . TheririfcLArure.wiirb. tbe-miyriher nf2iT$ftW?uld !e MftprllljihoVlyM'not atop fighting until- theiflwlSkof ItVimfcfcre. Tryte?n;Iare WeWlr wkipped; IfI LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JJ SOLDIERS AND SAILORSiNow that there is some prospect ofpeace, letters from the boys overseaswill prove doubly interesting. Oneof this kind was received recently-byMrs. Ruby Arnsparger, of Paris, fromher son, Lucien Arnsparger, who isin the Ambulance Corps of the American Expeditionary Force in France.Thenetter follows r"Somewhere in France, Sept. 8."Dear Mother: I suppose youthink I have forgotten you entirely,but it has been impossible to writethe last week or so, due to the factthat we were at the front. Therewere things more important to takeup the time of the officers than thatof censoring letters. Also everyavailable truck was in use. Therefore we had to put off. our letterwriting to a more convenient time."Since leaving the front severaldays ago we have traveled over agreat deal of ground. We stopped atseveral places for a few hours onlyto rest. None of these places areworthy of mention except one. Thatone I shall never forget. It was in a.little village on a Sunday that wehad a few hours rest and a goqd dinner with chicken and rabbit on themenu. That is the reason I shallnever forget it. I mention this justto let you know that ve are treatedfine along the lines of eats in France."As I mentioned above we havejust returned from a drive at thefront. Our division started the drive,and I can assure you that we made agreat record for ourselves. We gainedin all about twelve miles and a halfon a twenty mile front. We took theHuns completely by surprise, ' andsure broke up a fine playhouse forthem. They were certainly set forthe winter. Their dugouts were allin readiness for the cold weather.Some of these dugouts were anywuerefrom thirty to forty feet deep, madeof cement, and lined with wood.They had a good supply of eats anddrinks around and plenty of furniture. Some of them had dining roomswith their steins still ready for use.This stuff was all taken by us forsouvenirs. There were plenty ofwomen's garments found around indifferent dugouts, and in houses.There is one house in the town we arein at present where a fine wardrobeof women's apparel was found. Theywere all fine, clothes, mostly silk.The above goes to show you -how theywere fixed in the greatest style forthe winter."TfiB retreat was very fast, but wemet with quite a resistance at someplaces along the line. The Huns usedno infantry at all. They used onlyartillery and machine guns. Thesewere fired right' into our infantry,and it was a miracle: thatiwe werenot all wounded. On a hill just before we entered a certain town I sawa shell burst not over forty feet aboveour men's heads. I thought theywould all be wiped out, but when wegot there we found not over sixtywounde and dead, in all. It was intnis town l touna iteveu wnitridge,and gave him first-aid-to-the-injured,and he went back to our station andhad his wounds dressed. His woundswere slight and he will be out sometime soon. They were shrapnelwounds in his legs and one in theright foot."From to-day's paper it looks as ifwe may have peace. But we are notpaying much attention to this, asprobably Germany is only looking fora rest. What we want is a full surrender, and we will get it. Also Ibelieye it is a plan of the Kaiser, as"he knows -Wilson will refuse hisoffer to put fight into his men. Hecan tell them that he tasked for peace,but the Allies refused to accept. Butpeace -is near at hand. That is theway we look at it."I received'a letter a few days agofrom Wjll S., dated Sept 8. 1 was verysorry to- hear of Bishop- Batterton'sdeath, lalso received a letter fromyou dated Sept 4. These were theonlyrletters I have received in amonth's time. I will write again, aswe are now located in a town forquite u whileL I think. -We have theRed Cross, the Y. M. C. A., the K. ofC, the Salvation Army, etc., with us,so you see we are quite comfortablylocated."Well, this is about all I can getto write of at this 4ime, as there isnothing of particular interest goingon. You will hear from me againpretty soon, I hope. With love to all,I am,"Your Loving Son,"LUCIEN."Lucien M. Arnsparger,"145th Apnbulance Co.,"112th Sanitary Train,"American Expeditionary Forces."Miss Mary K. Stone, formerly ofParis, who is in England with theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit- No.40, as one of the nursing staff, writesto her sister, Mrs. C. B. Terwilliger,of Paris, as follows:"October 17, 1918."My Dear Olive: This is such apretty day for England that I feellike writing you a long letter. It isnow 2:00 p. m., and it has only rained jthree different times, and that issomething great You just don'tknow how much I enjoy your letters.1 am getting them regularly nowI have thought of you so much as having; to "be by yourself. I know Dr.Terwilliger must have hated to leaveyou at this time, but of course army-duty called hipi. 1 have tried tofind out where Unit No. 69 was sent,but? hare not T)een able to do so vpLHow- much I would love to see theDr. over here!""Wish I' could tell you all aboutther things I see, but that -would-hempofeslble, but oh, how glad I will bekn- the Germans are whipped andSi1! wr ls fended. -Iimao tfad 'thatseeins atfd "the hardship! .BuWbewonderful courage of our boys seemto overcome anything."We are not so busy now. For ashort time several of our nurses weresick. One of them died, but she didnot belong to our Unit. I never seeanyone that I know. You see, weare at Liverpool on duty, while therest of the Unit is near Southampton.I have not seen anyjof them but thefew that are here since we arrived inEngland."The news to-day is very encouraging. Won't you be happy when weare all together again? There areso many things 'I would love to askyou, and you must write me all thenews about everything and everybody.. I get all the letters and thepapers you all send me, and nobodyknows how glad I am to read them.I am sending you a handkerchief. Itdoes not look very much, but anyway it means something from Ted.Have not had any mail for severaldays and will be so anxious, until Ihear from you again. f"With lots of love and hoping tohear from you real soon, I am"Your Loving Sis, -MARY K. STONE."Mary K. Stone, A. N. C,"U. S. Base Hospital No. 40."American Expeditionary Force,England."GIRLS! HAVE A MASS 'OF .BEAUTIFUL HAIR,SOFT, GLOSSY, WAVYA Small Bottle, Destroys DandruffAnd Doubles "Beauty- ofYour Hair.Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you can notfind a single trace of dandruff or falling hair and your scalp will not itch',but what will please you most will beafter a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and cerefully drawit through your hair, taking onesmall strand at a time. The effectis amazing your hair will .belight,fluffy and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance.Get a small bottle of "Knowl ton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter for a few cents andprove that your hair is afe pretty andsoft, as any that it has been neglected or injured by careless treatment -that's all you surely canhave beautiful hair and lots of it ifyou will just try a little Danderine.(adv)SHOWING PATRIOTISM BY CLAIMING EXEMPTION.Does patriotism, like charity, beginat home? Provost- Marshah GeneralCrowder evidently thinks it doe's,since he is" openly appealing to registrants in the new draft to ask forexemption or deferred classificationwhenever they are entitled to it,even though their patriotism inclinesthem to waive any such claims. It isevidently felt by the military authorities that the number of able-bodiedmen of draft age without dependentsis ample for the military needs ofthe country, and that it ,is just asunpatriotic for a man whose familyneeds his support to neglect his homeduties because of excessive patriotism as it is for a 'physically eligibleregistrant without dependents toevade the draft.m te jesIT'S A MISTAKE MADE BY MANYPARIS HESEDENTS.Many people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney hackache, relyon plasters, liniments and othermake-shifts. The right treatment iskidney treatment and a remarkablyrecommended kidney medicine isDoan's Kidney Pills. Paris is no exception. The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typical of the work of Doan's KidneyPills in Paris.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years,' the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in mv hacV ana nftonI sharp, cutting pains darted throughu.vit sometimes seemed as thoughI could hardly endure the misery. Itried different remedies vto no avail,until I got hold of Doan's KidneyPills, procuring them from the Ardery Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them until cured. Attacks since then havealways been slight, and Doan's Kidney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)NATURE-FAKINGA Long Island teacher was re-'counting the sfory of Red RidingHood. After describing the woodsand the wild animals ttiat flourished therein, headded: t"Suddenfy'RedrRidiiigtHbbd hearda great noise. She turned about. &Whatido -you suppose-hkaw ahmrlimg inere, gazing at her and showing"Tfeddy RoseveltP' vnhmtone of the boys.- New York Tribune!all cmwxm LoyiH"SYKirPMF IGS" F0-LIVEftAin) BOWELS1,Give It When Feverish, Cross, Bilious, for Bad Breath orSour StomachLook at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that yourlittle one's stomach, liver and bowels need a gentle, thorough cleansingat once.When peevish, .cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, givea" teaspoonfiil of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the.toui, constipated waste, undigestedfood and sour bile gently moves outof its little bowels without griping,and you have a well, playful ch'ildagain.You needn't coax sick children totake this harmless "fruit laxative,"they love its delicious taste, and' italways makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggist for a bottle' of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas directions for babies, children of.all ages and for grown-ups, plainlyilprinted on the bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. To be sureyou get the genuine,, ask to, see that,.it is made by "California Fig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other kindwithNeontempt. (adv)At last accounts in the cemeteryat Mount Valerian, Paris, were buried 280 of our American soldiers whohave died in Paris hospitals.Ra la JaCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMtDY: Do not imagine that because other-cough medicines failed to give yourelief that it will be the'sanie withChamberlain's' Cough Remedy. BearIn mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world wideleputation and immense sale. Amedicine (must have exceptional meritto win esteem wherever it becomesknown.(adv-nov)Executor's Notice!All persons knowing -themselvesindebted "to the, estate of the lateGeorge1- Rice" are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor.Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks) Executor., Strayed or. Stolen.From my farm on the Cane Ridgepike, near-Paris, a two-year-old sorrel walking jnare; about fifteen handshigh; one hind leg white half-way to'hock; star in ioreheadj-'light-qolored jmane ana tan. Liqerai,. reward.- forinformation leading to her recovery.JAS. M. CALDWELL,Cumberland Phone 616. Paris, Ky.For SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulletsand cokerels, also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.FOR 5 ALEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell, at reasonable price.E. F.PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.LOSTNear-Paris, v a hound bitch, white',with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,-Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Wanted-Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestj prices' to be 'Obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds. iBones," $1:20 1 per hundred pounds.Heavr Copper, 23c per pound.Light 'Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c -per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc;: 5i6c. per pound.Aluminum 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Armies, 5&c per.jpound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16fcjer' poundCalfskins, 2,7c Spd; pound. 'Horse Hide, $6.0 for No. 1'a.LamDskins2:00. - "Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.ShearJinsciI$P5,J, ,. '.We also purchase, old and. newfeathers, for which wiqMorthfrThigh-iest price. Send us sample.SFJCYiarrsoN.V.:'Welf, Wile & Co.Announce Exceptional Values in High ClassWomen's Suits$25.00 $35.00 $49.50Some are fur-trimmed, others in plain tailored effects;each one represents the last word in fine materials, workmanship and style.Stylish Dresses at Reduced jPricesFor Women and Misses, Specially Priced at$25.00 $32.50 $39.50A superb assortment, handsome in design, rich in mate- 5crials and perfect in finish. Many of them are fresh fromNew York and show the very latest styles. NMaterials are all wool serge, tricotine, silk tricolette,satin and crepe de chine.Christmas Display of FursEJurs are practical Christmas presents of real use to theirrecipients. As gifts they will be highly welcome andwill always reflect great credit upon the judgment andgood tast of their donors. vBuy Furs, Like Diamonds,From a Reliable Source.You are safe in buying furs here whether they are foryour own wear or a for a gift. Buy them now while thedisplay is complete.WOLF, WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.: aIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedr vWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start earlyLOWRY&MAY"gS" K'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR ,Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky...-'.-'.'-'y;.;gXBMXWBXMWXNew DirectoryHome Telephone CoOur .new-directory will go to: press vithiiCthe nearfuture,, and iyou. are .thinking- oi"having a-telephone in-stalled.we-weuld-befe&d to figure -with? you. Ware permitted by the Government to make- new installationswhere-servjce'is needed-for essential, purposes, and pro-vided-we-Tiavefacilities and the ' 'Service. 'ConnectionCharge" as iaidl)ythe subscriber. This; charge is veryreasonable compared -wjfth that of piping younhDUsefpr -wateftJrgas, -or wiring it ior electric lights; and imposed,by'the-.Government asra war-measure onlyParis Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.v f (ImcorpontcC)J. J; ITBlirCHi: n - W;H. ..CAHHOJT.,i11L.-iM?v tIIIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIKLeiiifctom,' Ky-lsssVNfcyifcwgfcrjjuy vmBaa j, Ayxg ' ' WinSWWWSTWSHJMrwmWSMMy . MM fcffBb. r - M" ! 7-! 5 ; 1 r si .. ; .b. Hfl B AliJHB Al B ' ai;im ai ife. - wmm m 1B Hh IIh Hi IHiH liBJH iHH iBiH hb ihh.hiL ikL ihH ibhI WITH NATUREI - :When SAN-LAP removes the poison fom the stomach, liverkidneys, bowels, glands and blood, then nature rebuilds the system an$ makes you well.mm-HH JHpH T pR H H pH H HHH pj B wi n H H H JH pj pj pj IJ pV JH H H H Wa vppppj pppjppj ppHt pppj ppv pppj ppjjppp ppp ppj ppv ppjppj pppj ppv pppjpp ppj ppv ppH ppp pppj pppvAbsolute Guarantee When Used as Directed with Every Bottle.$100 Given Free Users San-LapA ticket with each bottle entitles you to $50.00, $35.00 or $15.00 if you are lucky. You will be notifiedwhen 200 bottles are sold and draw day is fixed.SAN-LAP relieves the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys, Rheumatism; Catarrh,Asthma, Lumbago, Bladder Troubles and all Constitutional Diseases, andwill do so in a week or ten days if used properly.SAN-LAP is a simple compound of extracts of Wahoo, Burdock, Gentian, Mayapple and Purcoon Root.There are no opiates or anything injurious to even the youngest baby or the most feeble old person.Raris, Kentucky.STATE OF KENTUCKYCOUNTY OF BOURBON JThe affiant, Hence Mgolen, ay$hiMie ruma meat market on Main Street, m 'Paris; Ky., aridthat he had been suffering for 10 years with rheumatism, and that he was advised totry SAN-LAP,and that he secured a bottle and commenced takingit on Nfonday morning and that he had no pains ini legs any more after Wednesday of the sameweek, ani is now entirely well.HENCE MARGOLEN.Subscribed and sworn to before me by Hence,Margolen, this 6th day of November, 1918.My commission expires on the 33rd day ofJanuary, 1922.NELL CRUTCHER, Notary Public.fmm? mParis Kentucky.STATE OF KENTUCKY )COUNTY OF BOURBON )The affiant, C. G. Schwarz, ays that he is anupholsterer on Main Street, Paris, Ky., and that hisliver and kidneys were all out of order, and that hefelt sluggish and worn out; and that he got a bottleof SAN-LAP, and it made him well in a week, andthat he now feels like he is made over anew, andrecommends it for all chronic ailments.' C. G. SCHWARZ.Subscribed and sworn to before me by C. G.Schwarr, this 6th day of November 1918.My commission expires - 6n the 23rd day ofJanuary, 1922. , ,.NELL CRUTCHER, Notary Public.-The H.-SRead' :WhatYourNeighborsSay!' - Paris Kentucky.STATE OF KENTUCKY (COUNTY OF BOURBON JThe affiant, Charlie Thomas, says he hadbeen suffering with rheumatism and stiff joints, and -soremuscles for several years and that he secureda bottle of SAN-LAP and it wholly cured him in aweek, and that he now feels as though he , hadneyer been sick.C. B. THOMAS.Subscribed and sworn to before me by CharlieThomas, this 6th day of November, 1918.My commission expires on the 23rd day ofJanuary, 1922.NELL CRUTCHER, Notary Public:STATE OF KENTUCKYCOUNTY OF BOURBONParis, Kentucky.' The affiant, Alvin Hicks, says that about themiddle of August, 1918, he had been sufferingwith sciatic rheumatism in hip and leg until hecould not rest or sleep, and that he got a four-oz.bottle of SAN-LAP, and it wholly relieved him inabout six days, and that he has had no symptomsof it since.ALVIN HICKS.Subscribed and sworn to before me by AlvinHicks; this 8th day of November, 1918.' My commission expires on the 23rd day ofJanuary, 1922.WELL CRUTCHERNotary Public.IT IS COMPOUNDED BYMedicineCo., Paris, Ky.And can be had at OBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE, 714 MAIN STREET, or. call Cumberland Phe 822,h? xAJS!immTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EJ.UESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, ItltlJ--..rs ,fiS.12iLii 5irM-$W0ME1TS ACTIVITIES.',At tKe Bed Cross Sewing BoomsTuesdaJy Woman's Society of theChristiaa' church."Wednesday Woman's Society of"the Episcopal church,Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday -Woman's Society of the"Presbyterian church.Saturday Teachers' Circle.PJgnty of sock yarn at MissOwens. 0nly the Kitchner toe is accepted now by headquarters. Anypther toe will be returned.KSh Sweaters By the Million." Contracts for more than a millionand a quarter woolen army sweaters, deliveries of which are now beingjmade, .were placed some time ago byjthe American Red Cross, in order tosecure a general reserve stock andto get the benefit of such stocks ofyarn as were in the manufacturers'"hands and could -not be secured foruse by the chapters. Eeven hundredand fifty thousand of these sweaterswill be sent abroad at once, as theCommission for France has recentlyrequested shipment of the largestquantity possible, and "contracts formore will be placed under an appropriation of $2,000,000 set aside lorthat purpose. "Men, Now Embarking. Get Christmas labels.In answer to many inquiries occasioned by the Red Cross part in theshipping of Christmas parcels to soldiers overseas, Lake Division RedCross Headquarters is to-day able toannounce for the information of itsorganizations that the War Department .has arranged to distributeChristfmas parcel labels to men now;embarking for service overseas.be filled out by each nurse, obtainable from the local chapter of the RedCross.You, Mrs. Householder! Are yourenting roopis to nurses during theirrest days? Do your bit by getting ina supply of questionnaires and asking the nurses in your house to fillthem out.And you, Mrs. Boarding Housekeeper, how many nurses drop in fordinner? During the survey get thehabit of asking each nurse if she hasresponded.How about you, Mr. Druggist?Many nurses come daily into yourshop?You, too, Mr. and Mrs. Everybody,how many nurses do you numberamong your friends and acquaintances? .Gq, ,eye?y one of you, to your RedCross chapter, get a supply of questionnaires, and sp how many responses you 'pan get torday.Victory Girls' Prayer", -v"Our Father we girls of Americacome to Thee for our splendid meiiwho fight on land and sea and inthe air, that Justice and Right maywin the victory. Help them to remember as they sacrifice and sufferhow we love and honor them, andhow all the world trusts them andlooks to them for Freedom. Remembering what they are doing, we cometo pledge ourselves to earn and saveand serve that all who suffer may behelped, comforted. Give us couragethat we may do our best. Make usunselfish that we may truly sacrifice.Make loyal that we may do all our 4Country asks of us. Help us to carefor our bodies that we may be fitfor our tasks. Help u to train ourminds that we may know how toserve. Give us strength to keep ourhearts pure that we may win all battles against evil in our lives and sobe worthy to be called the VictoryGirls., Amen."ARMISTICE SIGNED( Continued, from Page !.)'servants o their war lord, for more than 'our years his pliant instrument in ravaging the world, have spoken a -new word, and1 the old Germany of blood and lust, rapine and murder, is gone. William of Hohenzollern, Emperor and King, has been stripped of his power and is now afugitive in Holland. With his fall topples into ruin his mad desire toconquer the civilized world. Civilization lifts its hands in thankfulness"to the Allies and the Americans who encompassed the downfall of thisegotisical butcher!As a clinching reminder of the nearness of peace and the apparentclose ofthe war the Louisville & Nashville railroad company has receivedorders from the Government for the cancellation of eleven troop trainsthat had been placed for the transportation of troops to and from the various cantonments, i A local employ told THE NEWS man yesterday thatthe cancellation orders intimated there w,ould be no more entrainment ofmen for Camp Taylor or any of the army camps in this State.The president of the First NationalBank of Fingal (N. D.), Mrs. LauraA. Batcheller, registered as a fileclerk at the A. R. C. Department ofPersonnel in France the other day.A frantic telephone call from themilitary head of a French village800 refugees just arrived and .nofood stuffs that could be eaten without cooking arrived from the Red"Cross.Have You Done Your Part?Have you done all in your powerto make the survey of nurses now being carried on by the Governmentthrough the Red Cross, a success?Or have you said: "This doesn't concern me;-1 am not a nurse?"The Government has asked that allnurses, graduate, undergraduate,practical, nurses-in-training, and allof those women who have taken RedCross courses shall be named in thesurvey, so that the crying need fornurses may be met with all possible....speed. There are questionnaires toS. 0. S. Call !From Frankfort andMidway.Influenza is at its height in Frankfort and Midway. A call has c6me tdParis for trained or practical nurses.If any are at leisure to go, please report to Mrs. Denis Dundon, Secretaryof Red Cross.Pa Pa E5MEN'S SUITS AND OVERCOATS.Many new patterns and dependable all-wool cloth $25 to $70.(8-2) MITCHELL. & BLAKEMORE.PAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) - PARIS WATER CO.lsj y TgCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS,NOWS THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get the,Hot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.PUBLIC SALEOPHorses, Mules, Cattle, Sheep, Hogs and FarmImplements.As I have sold my farjm I will sell at my place (known as N. Baylessfarm) two miles from Paris, on Maysville pike, onTuesday, November 26, 1918,at 10 o'clock a m. sharp:1 pair 7-year-old black Percheronmares in foal to jack;1 pair 3-year-old black Percherons,well broke;1 half Percheron gelding, 3 years-old;1 saddle and driving mare, lady"broke, in foal to jack;2 pair coming 3-year-old wellmatched mare mules;1 yearling mare mule;;L yearling horse mule;1 weanling mare mule, good ;1 race horse, 3 years old;, 1 6-year-old Shetland pony;1 yearling Shetland filly;5 extra good milk cows, calves byside; '- 2 red cows;1 black pole cow, be fresh by dayof sale5 black long yearling steers, 750pounds; ,11 black yearling heifers, 700pounds;8 black calves;6 jersey cows, fresh;70 3-year-old black-faced ewes,k -due to lamb March 1 ;2 extra good Southdown bucks;1 sow and 8 pigs;,l,sow and 5 pigs;5 brood sows, farrow in spring;1 Poland China boar;U cattle shoats; -1 Chester white boar;1 Jersey Duroc boar; n24 shoats; ' ,1 Deering Binder, new;2 Deering Mowers; . ,2 Brinley cultivators;1 Bull Rake;1 Black Hawk corn, planter;1 potato planter, fertilizer attachment; k 1 one-horse fertilizer drill;2 tongueless Randall Harrows;1 60-tooth. harrow;1 roller; 2 double-shovel plows:lBeinis Tobacco Setter;3 breaking plows;2 5-shovel plows;1 potato plow;1 Mitchell two-horse wagon, new;1 two-horse wagon, combinationbed;1 hay frame;1 Studebaker 1-horse wagon;1 Frazier break cart, new;1 good springy wagon ; '1 runabout buggy;-1 drag; 1 wheat fan; ,6 feed troughs;1 sled; 1 corn sheller; ,1 pond scraper;1 horse clipper, new; . , . v1 corn crusher;'1 grind stone;1 rock bed;1 feed cooker, good;1 No. 9 cream separator;Lot milk cans, 5 and 8 gallons;1 lard press;1 whitewash spray;1 wheelbarrow;2 cross-cut saws;2 fence stretchers;75 new gunny bags;1 set all leather gears, extra good;1 man's saddle;1 boy's saddle, new; v f ,1 set break harness; 7l3 sets work gears; "1 extension ladder; y200 locust posts;4 barrels salt; ' ..3 barrels lime; v2 iron mantel pieces;6,000 strawberry boxes;200 fence stays;15 tons baled alfalfa hay (homegrown); " , " .17 tons baled mixed hay;2 tons straw; . -:1 straw rick;3 water troughs;1 platform scales;1 pair ice hooks;12 hot-bed sashes, with glass;Lot chickens, ducks and geese;200 shocks extra good corn, willmake better than barrel to shock;Pitch forks, tools, etc., too humerous to mention.'Will also rent about 100 acres o f grazing from December 1 to March.a. 1919.TERMS Made known on day of sale.JOHN SAUER, --GfTtD. Sueakes. Auctioneer.East Tennessee Phone 152London dispatches state that advices received from The Hague statethat the Dutch Government will intern the Kaiser and his entire partyand that they will not be allowedspecial privileges.h The London 'Daily Express statesthat King Ludwig, of Bavaria, andCrown Prince Rupprecht, the Bavarian heir apparent, have fled thecountry, their destination and placeof concealment remaining unkown.The correspondent added that heKing of Sovay will abdicate.The palace of the Austrian delegation at Budapest has been stormedby a mob which tore down the Austrian escutcheon.The crews of the German dreadnaughts, Posen, Osfriesland, Nassauand Oldenburg, in Kiel Harbor, havemutined and joined the revolutionists. The marines occupied the lockgates at Ostmoor and fought down acoast artillery division which offeredresistance.The hospitals of iWlin are Crowded with persons Wounded during therecent riots Berlin is enveloped ina dense fog from the firing in thestreets. The Kaiser's abdication cametoo late to prevent ividespread anarchy in Germany, and the situationis reported as being appalling.calls because of the fact that the dayana nour specified in. their classification lists have arrived, but who havenot been actually entrained for amobilization camp hereby shall bedischarged from the army. The localboard shall so notify registrants."Crowder announced his telegramto draft boards is "(merely to canceloutstanding calls and stop the entrainment thereunder of men for thearmy. All registrants released frominduction under the provisions of thistelegram are liable for immediate callin the usual manner at any time."The orderly process of classification, physical examination and otheractivities of the selective draft lawwill not be affected or interrupted asthe result of this telegram."Trains en route to camps now havebeen ordered back,1!?-HcCOMBS OIL COMPANYCURES NEW LEASES.And like its European namesakeParis, that is, Paris, Ky., also celebrated the greatest event in the war,the signing of the armistice whichbrought the long world-war to anend yesterday. The streets were filled with a jostling eager, enthusiasticcrowd, all waiting for the paradewhich it had been announced would,although gotten up in a short time,celebrate the event. It was the firsttime so large a crowd had been onthe streets of tnis city since tne appearance of the influenza.A parade was formed on Mainstreet, under the guidance of RudolphDavis, and marched down Mamstreet in the following order: Policeand Grand- Marshal Rudolph Davis;Liberty Drum Corps; "W, Ed. Tuckerand assistants with a mamoth red,white and T)lue megaphone; ParisFire Department auto-truck and police "patrol, decorated In the 'nationalcolors; twenty-five automobiles, insingle file, all decorated with thenational colors. The parade -passedaround the court house into Highstreet, up High to Twelfth, into Main,where It disbanded.WHAT ENEMY LOSES IN SURRENDER. German surrender terms include:Cessation of hostilities.Evacuation of invaded territories,including Alsace-Lorraine and Luxemhurgr ,Surrender of vast amounts of gunsand equipment.Evaucation of left bank of Rhine.Surrender of vast amounts of rolling stock in occupied territory.Abandonment of Bucharest andBrest treaties. ' .Unconditional surrender - of allGerman forces in East Africa.Reparation for damage done.Surrender of scores of submarinesand larger warcraft.Concentration of aircraft at stipulated points.Evacuation of all Black Seat ports.Restoration of all allied and United States merchant vessels.Duration of the armistice is to be30 days.WILSON'S PROCLAMATION.WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. America's great war work now is to assistin the establishment "of just democracy throughout the world," saidPresident Wilson in a proclamationannouncing the signing of the armistice to-day. He said: '"My fellow countrymen: Thearmistice was signed this morning.Everything for which Aniericafought has been . accomplished. Itwill now be our fortunate duty to assist by example, by sober, friendlycounsel and by material aid in theestablishment of just 'democracythroughout the world."WOODROW WILSON."The President then'ordered that allgovernment departments be given aholiday.SOLDIERS HELD FROM CAMPS.WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. Presides Wilson to-day authorized ProvostMarshal General Crowder to notifyall draft boards that calls now outstanding for military service be canceled. The following instructions havebeen sent by the Provost MarshalGeneral to all local boards:"Pending developments in -the situation, which arises because of thefact that Germany lias signed anarmistice .providing for cessation ofhostilities, the President directs thatgeneral and voluntary calls now outstanding for the induction and mobilization of registrants of whatevercolor or physical qualifications torthe anmy be hereby canceled."Pending further instructions, nomore inductions shall be made intothe army for entrainment permittedor undertaken under such calls."The President further directs thatall registrants -who already are in-iducted jntothe' anuy.undertb$a,PKO-rv .3"Announcement was made from theLouisville office of the McCombs Producing and Refining Company thatthe company had completed negotiations for the purchase of leases onthe Delia Harris farm and theButcher tract in Lee county, a onefourth interest in the leases to be retained by the Local Oil and Gas Company of Winchester.i The leases involved approximately115 acres, and according to authenticinformation, about 250,000 was paidby the McCombs Company.There are two wells on the property, one of which, when placed under an eighteen-hour test, pumped292 barrels. No. 3 was completed recently, but its approximate production has no been learned.?5i fe feWe trust we violate no confidencewhen he say the Kaiser didn't willthe kind of war the allies are handinghim. at present.FRATO&C0.LADIES' OUTFITTERS. tSiNBIGrsHITINFRANK & CO.LAPIES' OUTFITTERS--:UIill-tMWJIWDo Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts OnlymmIn Men's and Young Men'sSuits and OvercoatsOU want stylish clothes. That's just whatyou will find here in our store, and you'llsay so yoarself when you see our Suitsand Overcoats. With these stvles vouget ensuring fabrics, and the most importantthing you get is the qualities and we're, surethey can't be beat for the money.Hart Schafner & Marxand Kirschbaumare the designers and makers of our leading linesfor men and young men.Suits and Overcoats$12.50 to $50.00.Copyright 1918 Hart Srhaffncg & Mar-What to Give Him for ChristmasHere in this store you find only what men .and young men want. Select your siftsifronl the suggestions below": ' ' ' V ' BHosieryMufflersBeltsCollarsShirtsUnderwearGlovesNeckwearSweatersPajamasHatsCaps7th and MainwM P. WALSH- vOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.---"---jI&xIIf. --jS!"itW' 5- Kl4fVS?vWrn7;mm;mttm m&m:TUESDAY, NOVEMBER,. ISIS..B'.:W?AMasHMTIDE BOURBON HB8 FAMS, KT.J I.fiT'J-.4ffSJwvjiCOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING TURKEYSWe are now receiving turkeysfor the Thanksgiving market,and hope to be able to continueuntil November 16th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(nov5-4t)JRESH BAEBEL OF GOOD COUNTRY SORGHUM.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comlmfg amd Goings of OurPeople Hare,. There andElsewhere."We Jiave just opened a new barrelof fresh country sorghum its theleal "country kind."(It) C. P. COOK & CO.PAPERS WANTED.Any of our subscribers having aeopy of THE NEWS of Tuesday, No-ember 5, will confer a great favorif they will send it to this office. Weneed several copies of that issue tocomplete our files. Please send usyour paper if you are through withitPI 1 1H .PROMINENT 0FFICAI6 HERE.Mr. J. W. Porter, of St. Louis, Mo.,vice-president of the Paris Gas &Electric Co., accompanied by his attorney, Mr. I. N. Kelso, is in. Paris,at attend the November term of Circuit Court The case of the City ofParis vs. the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., the details of which hava at various times been published, is to beheard by Judge Stout in equity atthis term of court. The company isdefendant in a suit brought by thelty to recover damages for excessIyo charges alleged to be due thecity.. na is fsA CARD OF THANKS TO MY PAT-RONS.Mrs. Win. H. Renick is in Dallas,Texas, where she Vill spend the winter with her daughter, Mrs. CurtisP. Smith.Dr. Martha Petree, who has recovered from a slight illness, is a visitor in Cincinnati to-day, and will bein her office to-morrow.-Mr. Amos Turney, who has been,quite ill with an attack of pneumonia, is improving and last night wasreported to be practically out of danger.I thank the country people for theirliberal patronage last week and hopeto seen many more this week. I candemonstrate that in coming to mygrocery and paying cash, you notonly do not pay for the bad debts atcredits stores, you get the best groceries at lowest prices and the highest prices for your butter and eggs.Look for the Red Front, opposite thecourt house, where all prices aremarked in plain figures.MRS. ELLIS' CASH AND CARRYGROCERY.Mr- James L. Denton has re-!?"!!? to Paris from grange,orth Carolina, where he has beenattending the opening of the tobaccomarkets. Mr. Denton renorts ennAprices being received by the growers Imere.Mr. and Mrs. John A. Bower andson, John A. Bower, Jr., have returned from a visit to Mr. Bower's parentis, Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Bower, atParksville, in Boyle county. MrBower's mother, who has heen in fnrseveral weeks, is slightly improved.Mr. Warren E. Fisher, editor ofthe Carlisle Mercury, and Mr. GeorgeM. Kiser, of Winchester, were callersat THE NEWS office yesterday. Mr.Kiser, who was formerly city editorof THE NEWS, and later in the samecapacity with the Winchester DailySun and the Daily Democrat, hasquit the newspaper game, and is nowprospecting in the oil business.Mr. Lee Deaver, who has beenon the big wheat and flax ranch ofE. F. Spears & Sons, near Saskatchewan, Canada, this spring and sum:mer, returned Saturday morning.Mr. Deaver stated that the influenzawas prevailing through parts of Canada in epidemic form, and that heand his companions were not permitted to get off the train after leavingCanada until they reached Chicago.(Other Personals on Page 6.)S3 &BUSY BEE PUMPKINS POR, RED CROSS.THEREPORT OP TURNER SALE.Good prices were obtained lastweek at the sale of stock, crop, etc.,belonging to Mr. W. F. Turner. Thesale was conducted by AuctioneerGeo. D. Speakes, who makes the following report : Good crowd in attendance, bidding active and prices good;cows sold frojm 60 to $95 a head;young cattle, from ?40to$75a head;small shoats, ?7 a head sows from$50 to $75 a head; corn brought$7.90 per, barrel; fodder 60c to 64ca shock; one straw stack $20; chickens brought from sixty cents toeighty cents each.US 153 feTHE INFLUENZA SITUATION.Seemingly all danger of the influenza assuming an epidemic form inParis has passed, due to the excellentprecautions taken by the authorities.Uu to Sunday morning only threenew cases had been reported, and allthe cases that had been previously reported were getting along nicely, themajority of them well advanced onthe road to recovery. There has beenone death directly attributed to theinfluenza, bringing the total numberto date to seventeen. Dr. Charles G.Daugherty, local Health Officer, stated that the ban would not be lifteduntil the disease had been completelyand effectively banished from thecommunity.In pursuance of this policy themass-meeting scheduled for Fridaynight at the court house, in the interest of the United War Workers'campaign, was declared off.IS fce )STHE WAR IS OVER.Two large pumpkins, one weighingsixty pounds, the other bringing up aclose second in weight, were disposedof by Mr. Fred Weckesser, proprietorof the Busy Bee Cash Store. Theproceeds were donated to the localRed Cross Chapter.The first pumpkin was secured byMr. Wat Judy, who, in turn donatedit back to the Red Cross, bringing$1.50, jmaking a total of $6.50 forpumpkin No. 1. The second pumpkin was secured by Mr. L. B. Adams,of Lexington. The two pumpkins,which were donated for the purposeby Mr. B. N. Menifee, of the county,netted the Red Cross Chapter the sumof $10.00.DR. REED'S SHOES.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes areso comfortable that men get up inthe night to put them on.(8-2) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.m miriINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco In thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.jHHfflEST HVER, KHOWNiFormerly considered' almost a daily5food, oranges have risen in price sothat they 'Han be eaten now only byprofiteers and bloated bond holders,(not holders of Liberty Bonds.) .The"best grade, which are not so good atthat, ncrwbring about ten cents eachand in some cases two for fifteencenits. The supply is low, and repeat orders hard to get, according tolocal fruit dealers. Mr. James E.Craven informed THE NEWS man afew days ago that he had placed orders with seven different fruit housesfor oranges, and that they could notbe obtained except in very smallquantities. Out of the seven orderssent to the wholesale houses he received one box of oranges, the wholesale price of which was "out ofsight." Lemons and other fruits arealso high.Ea fcaFOURTH LIBERT LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)IS Bi T9ISTOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning.' Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.CUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.FOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goodrepair. Also flats of three rooms andtwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J. B. NORTHCOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833.FOUNDIn the court house, a boys' overcoat, presupnably belonging to one ofthe draftees under examination before the Bourbon County Draft Board.Owner call at the County Clerk'soffice and prove property.PEARCE PATON.Wanted !Stoves, Furniture, Etc,We are in the market for goodsecond-hand stoves, both gas and coalheaters. Also second-hand furnitureof all descriptions. Will pay cash.If you will have any of the above,call over Cumberland phone 180.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.(novl2-3t-pd)Show your joy by dressing lip inone of our new all-wool suits $25up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.- tss isa laATTENTION SPORTSMEN.Hunting coats,' ana guns of allkinds; ammunition, etc.v(2t) FARMERS' SUEPLY CO.h mmmHUNTERS PREPARING TO TAKETO THE HEGDSI ;ill1"TfmereactThe 'game laws will be "out"- on.the fifteenth of this jnonth, and already the hunters are making theirpreparations to go to the fields insearch of the quail and rabbit forgame. DesDite the fact that a large.SiXlmber of Bourbon county boys now"have registration cards, or, in the-words of the ministrel, "License tohunt the Hun," there is still a largenumber who have taken out licensesto hunt birds and rabbits. ..Last year the price of shells doubled what it was the year before, andthis year the boxes have gone to$1.50,, -which would seem to be oneTreason for selling fewer licenses.Another Would be that so many boysand now in the army, at home andabroad, but there have been a greatmany very young boys who appliedfor license "this year with the permission of their parents or guardian,but some of tbqm will be disappointed if the health ban is lifted andthey have to go back to school beforeNovember 15.Hunters say there are a great manyquail and rabbits in the .county, andwith almost every other form ofamusement closed it is very probablethat there will be a great many moreapplicants for license in the days before the fifteenth. So far no largehuntine narties have been planned orannounced and no .extended hunting!trips have been outlined. ilast sOne of theVictrola Records thatEvan Williams was destined to make! Thisgifted and popularsineer oas gone, buthis songs Will go on forever on VictrolaRecords With its interjected strains of g"Honle, Sweet Home' the song is in a Jmmdouble sense this cherished artist's farewell, fugj.,'.' i-o-ttyrf I. ti0The Song that Reached My HeartW Victrola Red SJ Recoid. 74571jjjTfamj Lauder turns to recitationgives "a iktie Sslbry about athe front." And he doesitown delightful characteristic way!tirmy's Laddy- Victor Record. 70121Stop irt tmd let us pla these records for WBBin you-' BAUGHERTYFIFTH AND MAIN STREETSitliillllF-'.tilMl ill nt iliWe Sell Dependable Merchandise for LessThan Any Other House, But for Cash OnlyBIB SPECIALOF JERSEYDRESSESRegular $32.50 to $35.00 Values$24.75-1i-Beautiful models in all the most fashionable colors.Rare values at the above price while they last.HARRY SIMONMain Street, Paris, Ky.224-228 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.ufTHE DAYLIGHT STOREiBPLMMflMflilSays General Pershing, rtTinJt foone of the war work r ,.organizations :U A SENSE of obi1 . t-L and useful rf ? v1?army in Frr - ce rendered to theloin in tb prompts me totor r-' & its further financial. u:ort X have ODDortunitv to nhsprtm&9 operations, measure the quality of itspersonnel and mark its beneficial influencetipon our troops, and 1 wish unreservedlvto Commend its work for the army.Genera PershingUNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNy1)This Space Patriotically Contributed ByTHE J, T. HINTON COMPANYryr?, h", "1 jAjfV J 'I j'V? 'MIX..- sIXIXI1XIIKIXIlXIXIxIx1XIx1::Ixl(XIXIXIvIvIXI?r &-vA B:" ' I1EPr j7-.'FARSZTHE BOUltBCWf KEWS, PARK, KY.TU1BDAT, KOrFBMMH 11. Ifffsocial and Personal.-r i ii iComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.UPSET STOMACHPiiDe's Biapensin at Once EndsSourness. Gas. Acidity,Indigestion.Don't stay upset! When mealsdon't fit and you belch gas, acids andundigested food. When you feellumps of Indigestion pain, flatulence,heartburn, or headache you can getinstant relief.sMrs. B. M. Renick has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Nashville,Tennessee.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiserhave gone to Martinsville, Indiana,for a ten days' stay.Mr. and Mrs. William Bush andlittle son are visiting Mr. and Mrs.B. S. Parker, near Frankfort.Mrs. E. C. Allen, of North Middletown, is a sruest tf the family ofMr. Hiram Redmon. in Frankfort.- f vl7n WithiTli fiR A MUM A'Cnr' No waiting! Pape's Diapepsin-will put you on your feet. As soon-as you eat one of these pleasant,harmless tablets all the indigestion,gases, acidity and stomach distressends. Your druggist sell -them.J3 iwMOBE MONEY BEING SAVED IN U,S. THAN EVER BEPORE.x As the result of the nation-widecampaign for the sale of War Savingand Thrift Stamps, more money is being saved in the United States at thepresent time than ever before, according to Charles A. Hinsch, banker ofCincinnati. Mr. Hinsch gave out theinformation in the course of his address opening the annual conventionof the American Bankers' Association, of which he is president. Headded that business is not sufferingas the result of the new economy ofthe American people.t There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all othert diseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed " to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Ca-tarrh Medicine, maunfactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken inter-?ially and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.1 One hundred dollars rewardis offered' for any case that Hall's Catarrh. Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pillsfor constipation.All Druggists, 75c.Aetna-AutoVCombination Policies. s&tt& -xft -Protect Againstffc-yFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityJ And OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTMrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andchildren are visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, in Lexington.Miss Nell Bush has returned toher home in Winchester after a visitto friends and relatives in this city.Mr. Eli Fisher and family havereturned' to their home near Parisafter a visit to relatives in Louisville. Mrs. William Willett, of Butler,Ky., is a guest of her sister-in-law,Mrs. John Snyder, in Thornton Division. Mr. and Mrs. Thos. W. Spicer andfamily have moved into their newhome o-n Houston avenue, just completed. Mrs. Gus Christman, who hasbeen very ill at her home on the Clin-tonville pike, aiear Paris, is convalescent.Mr. Henry Clay Weathers, ofCovington, is a guest of his brother,Mr. Claude Weathers, and family,near Paris.Mrs. E. C. Douglass and littledaughter have returned to their homein Richmond after a visit to relativesin Bourbon county.Mr. Edward Myall, who has beenvery ill for some time with grippeat the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. William Myall, is improving.Mr. Frank Farmer, of Harriman,Tennesse, is here as a guest of Mrs.Farmer and their little daughter,Helen Farjmer, who are at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. James Earlywme.Mr. and Mrs. Watson Oldson andfamily have returned to their homein North Middletown from a twoweeks' visit to Mr. Oldson's father,Mr. Charles Olson, at Lagrange, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Redmon andfamily have returned to their homein Frankfort after a visit to Mr.Redmon's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jno.J. Redmon, near North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Landis, ofWalker Avenue, have as guests thelatter's sister, Mrs. Marshall Hatmaker, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Mr.and Mrs. T. D. Edgington, of Torrent, Ky.Mrs. Wayne Lafferty, formerlyof Paris, who has been residing inRavenna for some time, has been acting as head nurse in the Red CrossHospital, at Irvine, during the influenza epidemic there.Mr. Jos. Speakes, who has beenvery ill of pneumonia, is improving.Mr. Amos Turney, another pneumonia sufferer, was reported yesterdayas being slightly improved. Mr.M.H. H. Davis, of thexBcitirbon SteamLaundry, remains very ill. ,' Louisville Courier-Journal : "Mrs.R. G. Stoner, of Mt, Sterling, whohas been in Louisville on war work,was the guest of Mrs. Charles Slocum, on Second street. Mrs. Stonerhas recently returned from EasternKentucky, where she was nursingpatients ill from influenza and pneumonia." Mrs. Anna Lancaster, who recently resigned her position as tolloperator for the Cumberland Telephone Co., to accept a position asassistant ticket agent at the L. & N.office, was given a "surprise party"by a number of friends, operators inthe local exchange. The party gathered at the home of Mrs. Lancaster,on Ferguson street, and "surprised"her on her return from work. Refreshments and music contributed toa pleasing few hours' enjoyment.Those present were: Misses LunaDuffey, Stella Price, Marcella Ryan,Jimmie Whaley, Pearl Moore, KateComack, Cora Lee, Hallie "Perkins,Ruth Johnson, Mrs. John Moran andMrs. Daisey Hill. One "mere man"was also there, but in view of thepresence .of such, a bunch of charming femininity lie modestly asked toremain unheralded.(Other Personals on Page 5)nis-iiiiwrzmSIRBest Canned Soupsper can 1 OcScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $ 1 .24Pancake Flour'per package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4-c reCabbageper pound 3 1 -2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper pgck 90cNew Mince Meatper package 1 2c BThis mince meat is sweet--ened ready for use. See 6my line of Pure Fruit Pre- Pserves. ' ' -MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court HouseMj- --us:BRIGHTER,EVENINGS'vA XkNothing adds, to the pleasuresof a home; or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.liseGlectricityTor CigbtingIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Reality and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gis.'ari Gas & Electric Co.(Inwnwrated) v.A. s.'N.Y'. i-S";yWOOLEN SOCKS will not shrink, get-' hard or knot up when washed withGrandma. No more heartaches after spendinghours knitting a pair of socks and then havingthem ruined by washing with an inferior soap.GRANDMA'SPowdered SOAPFollow these instructions and you will never have anytrouble: Sprinkle some Grandma in luke warm, waterwonderful suds in an instant. Wash the socks in this waterthen rinse in clear, luke warm water. After rinsing shake. out well (do not wring) then hang up todry slowly. .Socks washed this wayv withGrandma are sure to be soft and "fluffy andeasy on the feet.There are hundreds of other uses for Grandma.It is the greatest i 'all-round' ' household spap.of the age and is by far the mosteconomical. It s powdered youmeasure it out with a spoon nowaste. Try it today5c and Larger Size PackagesYour Grocer Has It !A -pH 7.'CLOSE-UP MOVIES OF JFOIKS ATHOME POB SOLDIERS.Plans are now being carried out bywhich practically every boy in theservice in France, from each of several cities, is to have an opportunityto witness a close-up motion-pictureof one or more of-the loved ones backhome, says the December Popular Mechanics Magazine. In eacn placewhere the ides', has been adopted allrelatives and friends wishing toSharerin this intimate, personal greetingare asked to gather at a central joint.Placards . bearing cleverly worded1greetings haverbeen: carried in manyy ,rprocessions. One young woman pushed a gocart in which sat a smiling infant, evidently arrived since the soldier father left for Prance. On thecarriage was this (message: "Hello,Dick! Isn't Baby a1 DSrling?" x" SLEEP Airi)':REST.One of the most common, causes ofinsopinia and restlessness is indigestion. Take one of Chamberlain'sTablets, immediatelyfter supper .andsee -if you do not Vest better and sleepbetteiv They only cost a quarter.(adv-nov)BED CROSS NEWS GRENADES.. .,No union hours in a front line canteen! "Last night at 8," writes oneA. R. C. officer, "I must have feSi 500men. I ot to bed at 10 p. m., andwas called, at midnight and fropi thento 6 a. m. fed 800 more."The Red Cross has as many tradesand professions represented in itsits ranks as the Army. One man citedfor bravery shown while distrifiuting'chocolate and cigarettes under 'heavyflre at the front was a New Yorkbanker turned canteen worker?GREATIrY BENEEHED BY CHAH-BEBLADTS TABLETS.rn"m thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago when Ibegan taklns- them T -was glittering srgreat deal from distress after eatinganavrrom Headache uid sl tired. iau-guid feeling due to indigestiona torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tajlets corrected these disorders ieshort time, and since taking two hoities of them my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn,- N.-Y.' -, (adv-nov)Ccj. :TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918. 7ivrr?the BouBBoy item, $Mrx!pman.pifeif2L3LQweMyLifeto PRUN AMr. McKinlejfs letterbrings cheer to all whomav be sufferers as hewas. Read it:"I can honestly say that I owemy life to Peruna. After some ofthe best doctors in the countrycave me up and told me I couldnot live another month, FeraBSsaved me. Travelling from townto town, throughout the countryand having to go into an ,""of badly heated stores and build-r-onmoilmnii RtsiTirline tin forhour's at a time while plying mytrade as auctioneer, it is onlynatural that I had colds txenuently: so when this wouldZ.,t- T na'iA UttlA attention to it.until last December when I contracted a severe case, which,,through neglect on my partsettled on my lungs. "Waem almost too late I began doctoringfeat, Trttaoec avail, ukxu x .f PernHH. It cured rae; so Icannot praise it too highly.-rXr s.Tntipl McKlaley, 3507 E.12th St Kansas City, Mo., Member of the Society of XT, S. JewelryAuctioneers.Sold Everywhere.Taalet er Liquid FormEISTOEICAL EECOKDS OF COUNTYAin) STATE.Rapid strides are being made bythe Kentucky Council of Defense inthe organization of a system wherebyhistorical records may be kept for theState in connection wih Kentucky'sparticipation in the war. Fred F.Caldwell, State Historian, has justreceived from, the National Defensein Washington, cordial endorsementof the system he has devised for campilation and preservation of records.A war record bank has been devised by Mr. Caldwell for the use of thecounty historian in preparing a detailed report on each man enteringthe service from the county. " Thefollowing specific information is provided for on the blanks: Name andrank of the enlisted pnan and his race,his home address, name and addressof the nearest relative, the father'sname and address and the maidennajme of the mother, age at time ofentrance into the service, date of entrance, place of entrance, whethermarried or single, branch of service,showing for men in the army whetherin the infantry, artillery, medicalcorps or aviation service, and in thenavy, whether in the reserves or inthe marine corps and on what ship.QUICK RELIEFMi consIGet Dr. Edwards Olive TabletsThat is the joyful cry of thousandsince Dr. Edwards produced Oiire Tabletthe substitute for calomeLDr. Edwards, a practicing physician for17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,discovered the formula for Olive Tabletswhile treating patients for chronic constipation and torpid livers.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healing, soothingvegetable laxative.No griping is the "keynote" of theselittle sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.They cause the bowels and liver to actnormally. They never force them tounnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth" nowand then a bad breath a dull, tiredfeeling sick headache torpid liver andare constipated, you'll find quick, sure andonly pleasant results from one or two-lit-tieDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets at bedtime.Thousands take one or two every nightjust to keep right Try .them. 10c and25c per box. All druggists.Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based- onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and" muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawE00MS 401-402HRST &LTI BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEyeEar, Nose arid ThroatK00MS: 403-404 'HBST KAT'X BANK-BUILDINGPHONE 136"CAHAL BROS.BABBEBSHOFPrompt and Courteous Atteation -to'Patrpas. ,HOT AND COLB BATHS.The blanks likewise call for all information regarding transfers, promotions and casualties, with a reminder that any additional information connected with the man's military career should be set down.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland hasbeen appointed as county historianfor Bourbon.ABOUT CROUP.THE BAlNY DAY.If your children are subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that disease,you should procure aJottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and studythe directions for use,, so that in caseof an attack you will know exactlywhat course to pursue. This is a favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and it is important that youobserve the directions carefully.(adv-nov)Tsi fe laErectness.Sit, stand and walk erect This keepsour circulation in order and also ex--pandsour lungs to the fullest. Bestraight like the Indian who believedIn, being erect, and in reaching hishighest stature that he might the better listen to the voice of the GreatSpirit Camp Pire Magazine Wokepo.The money that you've laid awayagainst the coming rainy day shallshame ypu lying idle there. This isthe day of real dispairj It's needednow in war-swept France, wherefreedom's warriors advance; ifsneeded more than you can guess;not all the suffering and distress thatnow so timidly you dread, when agehas come and youth has fled couldequal that which you shall know ifonce our flag is humbled low. Giveup the coin you'll never 'miss, norainer jlay can come than this.This isvyour country's rainy day;in France the tyrant stands at bay;in France our finest manhood dies tokeep Old Glory in the skies; inFrance the murderous line of gunsis mowing down our splendid sonsand can you view each thinningrank and still keep money in thebank? Can you hold up your rainyday against the storm across theway? Above our flag explosives hiss;there'll be.no rainer day than this!In bo-nds for freedom place yourgold; they will support you whenyou're old, but once the Stars andStripes shall fall you will have lostyour home and all. Buy bonds withall your ready cash, the grip of tyranny to smash; buy bonds with allthat vou can set. buy bonds if youI must go in debt, back up the fighting line in France; stay with theboys as they advance.-' Buy bondswith coin you've put away, you'llnever know a rainer day!U. S. USES 400 SCHOOLS.High Standard. ,"I hope I can support her In thestyle she is accustomed to." "Getwise to that style, though, before youmarry her. I never knew my wife'speople, but to hear her talk you'd thinkshe was raised in a palace."EfficientTrainingIs what you get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much greater than, wecan supply. We court a thorough investigation. Send for Booklet "The FugazzaWay Leads. to the Highest. Positions"and you'll be convinced that this isthe best school for you. to .'attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. tomeet prospeqtive students. Enrollnow and be ready to start when the"flu" bah is'raised?Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our- WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. "V. Jorfes, Asst. Principal.118 N. UBDer St.. Second Ploor,Lexineton. Ky.9vffmEtSggjgtllGOLDSTINESFirst Shoe Saleof the SeasonAll new stock goes at thisa sale. Ladies', children'sand misses'.1; Hew is One of OurLeadersS High Bobts, in Frenchand Military heels, in black,tan, mahogany and grey,s sale price"$5.98PER PAIR!.aI GOLDSTINESiiTfngmtntifttiw.innrn(Farm and Family.)When Uncle Sajm asked the colleges and universities to help trainmen for the army, more than 400 ofthem responded. They are to train 4the new branch of the army which isto be known as the" Students' ArmyTraining Corps. Fraternity housesand dormitories are to be convertedinto barracks for the period of thewar to house these boys of 18 aaidover.This big new training corps, thatUncle Sam is developing, will havetwo branches the collegiate for menwho have merely finished the gramcourse and the vocational for menwho have memerly finished the grammar grades. The student-soldiersare not in any deferred "class of thedraft army. They are on active dutyand will receive a private's pay. Inother words Uncle Sam wishes tohave fine young men in trainingwhere he can put his finger on themthe moment he needs them for specialduty in this country or abroad.DON'T DRUG KIDNEYS .RUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Rub Pain, Sorenessand Stiffness Erom Your BackWith St. Jacob's- Liniment."Kidneys cause backache? No!They have no nerves, therefore cannot cause pain. Listen! Your backache is caused by lumbago, sciaticaor a "strain, and the quickest reliefis soothing, penetrating "St. Jacobs,Linijment." Rub it right on,the acheor tender spot, and instantly .thepain, soreness, stiffness and lameness disappears. Don't stay crippled!Get a small trial bottle of "SLJacob's Liniment" from your druggist and limber up. A moment aftert is applied you'll wonder what became of the backache, sciatica orlumbago pain. "St. Jacob's Liniment" stops any .pain at once. It isharmless and doesn't burn or discolor the skin.It's the only application to rub ofa weak, lame or painful back, or forlumbago, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, sprains or a strain.(adv)T5S TSl 1H1Nurses in service overseas needsweaters and warm knitted articles as'well as fighting men. A book of instructions for nurses' knitted garments has just been . issued by theAmerican Red Cross Department ofNursing with the request that thesegarments be prepared as quickly aspossible in order to reach our nursesin France ahead of the cold weather.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh-Vegetables- MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsW I L M 0 T HGrocery Co.. JPhoiie 3-76Vit rrBMrjy"' '" jfdc J & &Q VsaWsBBSaslaW'dBasr ' 'r gVSsa mXHEN&ft MimEZwiiUS-SiBimTftmWSBBBL saasaaw leaaDid one of iiese 200letters come to you?A DUSTY courier slid off his motor-cycle at the big double hutin a French town and tramped up to the canteen."Got a note for the secretary from my commanding officer,"he said. He handed a piece. of paper across the counter to a smilingmiddle-aged man.This is the note the Secretary read:. We landed here three days agomiles from anywhere.Can you send' us some supplies, especially writingpaper? This is the first chance the boys have hadto write home and we have no paper to give thenu.$The older man looked up and grinned."Got you away off in the woods, have they?""I'll say they have!" J ,"Gan you carry anything?""All you'll give me I "' From the shelves the secretary took bigpackages of paper andenvelopes."Too much?" He asked"It will be gone ten minutes after I get back! 'said the boy."Tonight," the secretary went on, 'Til drive out a truckwith more supplies and a man to stay with you. And tell the boysthat if their letters are finished, Til bring them back with rrie tonight,and get them into the mails;"An hour later that motor-cyclist whizzed into camp, loadeddown with writing paper, and in ten minutes letters were beingwritten to 200 American homes.The United War Work organizations know what letters meanto American soldiers. They know that fighters want to get lettersand want to write letters.So in every hut and on every ship your boys find writing paper,envelopes, ink, pens and pencils, and tables where they can get off bythemselves and tell the folks back home how things, are going.Millions of sheets are given away free every week' to Americanboys overseas. That is why the letters you. get from your boy arewritten on the stationery of one of these organizations. It is one ofthe plans . to bridge the Atlantic. .Help keep the letters coming IYour dollars will supply a whole Company for several days. Digdeep today; help to bind together France and here.rtlWhy you should give twice as muchas you ever gave before!Th need it for a sum of 7056 greater than any gift ever asked for tinea theworld began. The Government has fixed this turn at $170,500,000.By giving to these seven organizations all at once, the coat and effort of six additional campaigns is saved.Unless Americans do give twice as, much aa ever before, our soldiers and aaQorsmay not enjoy during 1919 their:9,600 Recreation Buildings1,000 Miles of Movie Film100 Leading Stage Stars2,000 Athletic Directors2,500 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books85 Hostess Houses15,000 Big-brother "secretaries"Millions of dollars of home comforts'When you give double, you make sure that every fighter has the cheer andcomforts of these seven organizations every atep of the way from home to thefront end back againX,You provide him with a church, a theatre, a cheerful home,a store, a. school, a dub and an athletic field and a knowledge thattbs Sslka backhome are with him, heart and soul 1 , ., You have 'loandyour money to supply their physical ntissTNow give to meintein the Morale that is winning the war)!-; ; ' ' ' 't i Ml BaSBL r4flfo&XtXry?rim&MtLl yy Hr. NT W CATHOLIC WAX T, aHl tfBBffBWBMl Seef(BBBBBBBBBBBBBBHL r i' r f , -.."vUS"ThjSpce Cpntiibfeiedy Patriotic JiM)khmi&lmi,!.-. .v -I-fl?rID NIi-. .fr-IMrr xI s1VJA'1s.5V5ariGinGHT&, &t?9PArar--t:,,' .' t rt'-, "VTUESDAY', WOVBMBKR. 12, IflfVT--X't f&V ?iMILLERSBURG' '. . DEATHS.H&LLAM.Friends in this city and formermembers of the congregation of theEpiscopal -church, have been informed of the death in Jackson, Miss., recently of Rev. Frank Hallam, formerrector of St. Peter's church, in thiscity. Rev. Hallam was a brotherofHon. Theodore Hallam, of Newport.He was transferred to the Diocese ofMississippi some time ago.LONG.Mr3. George W. Wilder, ofParis, received a message yesterdaymorning from Frankfort, telling ofthe death there at two o'clock a. m.,of her sister, Miss Mattie Long. Mrs.Wilder is ill and could not " go toFrankfort, but Mr. Wilder left immediately upon receipt of the news.Miss Long's death was caused byparalysis, with which she had beenafflicted some time. She was a mostestimable Christian wopnan. She hadmany friends here, where she frequently visited at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Wilder.Ber. J. D. Redd held QuarterlyConference at the home of Mr. Johnk Disher, at Shawhan, Saturday.i ' Mr. W. M Vimont, of Jtfaysville,was the guest of his mother, Vlrs,Martha. Vimont, Saturday and Sunday. Lieut. Waddell Reeding. returned' to Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville,Saturday, after a. few -days furloughat home.Mr and Mrs. Jerry Taylor, andlittle daughter, Miss Lillian Taylor,of Lexington, were guests of Mr. R.3C Caldwell and family, Friday.Mrs. Frederick, who has beenTritkher husband, at Camp Shelby,HatUesburg, Miss, is the guest of herparents. Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd.Dr. Cojmer and family whoIxave been ill with the Spanish influenza at the home of his father-in-law,Mr.' N. H. Collier, are improving.Mrs. N. H. Collier is quite ill with achronic trouble.Mrs. E. H. Driscoll left Mondayto join her husband in a camp inGeorgia, where she will remain withhim as long as he is at catnip there.Their little son will remain with hisgrandparents, Rev. and Mrs. J. D.Sed, during her absence.The turkey season practicallyopened here Friday. Quite a largenumber of birds were slaughteredFriday and Saturday. The marketopened by paying twenty-five centsper pound. No hens under eightpounds nor gobblers under twelve areaccepted.Dr. C. B. Smith received a messagefrom. Owensboro, Sunday, telling ofthe death there of his relative, Dr.Ernest Boston, of Palacio, Texas.Dr.. Boston, who was about thirty:three years old, came from Palacio ona visit to relatives in Ownesboro.-"While there he contracted influenza,which resulted fatally Sunday. Dr.Boston jmarried Miss Mary Smedley,of Millersburg, a sister of Mrs. Smith.-He is survived by his wife, two sonssd one daughter.. The funeral and"burial will take place in Owensborottiifi morning. Mrs. Smith left yesterday to be with her sister, who hasheon. in Owensboro about a week.. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT."Mfllersburg, Ky.November 6, 1918."To the Hon. Mayor and Board ofCouncilman, City of Millersburg, Ky.'Gentleman: Your committee apTinlted to draft resolutions of re-,spcot upon the death of our friendairf. co-worker. Dr. W. M. Miller, whooepttrxea inis me on uciODer ducn, TALBOTT.13A5, suDmic tne ioiiowing: The Mt. ste-rling Gazette of Wed-, Resolved, We realize the loss of a mesday, November 6, pays the follow-raluable member of this Board, oneiiKg tribute to the late-Mrs. Wm. M.yv wits always true ana iaiuuui i Talhott. whose death rtfiniirrp.rl here.IRELAND.The funeral of Mr. George Ireland, aged about thirty-eight, whodied at his home in 'Covington, Friday night, of influenza, was held Sunday afternoon in the JacksonvilleCemetery, in this' county, with services conducted by Rev. F. T. Howard. The body was brought to Cynthiana, Sunday morning and takenfrom there to the Jacksonville Cemetery for interment.Mr. Ireland formerly' resided nearLeeslick, in Harrison county. He issurvived by his widow, two children,and two brothers, John and JosephIreland, both of Harrison county.HUNTER.The funeral of Mrs. J. HarveyHunter, aged twenty years, who diedat her hojme on Vine street, in thiscity, of pneumonia, after a short illness, was held Saturday afternoon atthree o'clock, with services conducted'at the grave in the Paris Cemeteryby Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of theParis Baptist church.Besides her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Farrow, Mrs. Hunter is survived by her husband, one daughter,and seven sisters, Mrs. Grace Pitts, ofLexington; Mrs. Nellie Crum, Mrs.Annie Sweeney, Misses Maggie, Lucy,Mary and Vina Farrow, and onebrother, Mr. James Farrow, all ofParis.to,.jthe trust imposed. His popularity, ,honesty of purpose, and the highesteem jn. which he was held by thepeople of this community was attested hy his repeated election to this3oa.nL"The community has lost a valua"blp,. energetic and upright citizen,0e,who was ever in the forefront forthQtgood and improvement of our cityaid-, community.v We herewith extend our heartfeltsympathy to the fajmily of our departed friend, by whose demise theyHave ,lost ,a kind, loving, indulgentfather and husband."We recommend that a copy of theseresolutions be mailed the bereavedfsoily. a copy spread upon the minutes of this Board and a copy begiven to the county papers for publication. . D. P. JONES,' -, W. A. BUTLER,Committee."GAS HEATERS CONNECTED UP,:5 EEEE OP CHABE.several days ago:"Mrs. William M. Talbott, agedtwenty-three, one of the most popularand lovely young women of Paris,died at her home in that city lastweek after a brief illness of pneumonia. Mrs. Talbott had nursed herhusband through a spell of inflenza,and, worn out by care, becapne ill andcould not throw off the dread disease.She was a leading church , workerand a member of the Christian churchchoir, and possessed a wonderfullysweet voice, which she used at alltimes for the betterment of humanity and the world. Her high Christian character and her lovely personality attracted many friends and herdeath cast a gloom over Bourboncounty, her labors for the uplift of.everything noble and good, and hercharming disposition had reached faraway from her home community.To her father, husband and other relatives the syjmpathy of all goes out1 in their sorrow.".Now-is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Coldthem up fdr you free of charge. Saveay are' near at hand. We connecta plumbing bill.(8rtf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.m m ?"The easiest part of the trip over,"saia.an American soldier in France,"is getting seasick. No instructionsam needed."HARLEY.Miss Hattie Harley, aged twentyfive, a graduate of the Massie Hospital Training School for Nurses, diedat that institution Saturday, of influenza, after a short illness. Miss Harley, who was head nurse at the Massie Hospital, had, since the beginningof the influenza epidemic in this city,"been on duty constantly, helping tominister to the comfort of the patients in the hospital. About ten daysiago she had a particularly severe- . -r . il J!j V h it'task in handling,'and endeavorjngfcocontrol a patient Tvho had become'delirious. It . was thought that inthis way she contracted the disease!-which resulted in her death. " 'Miss Harley was a native of'Wbod-ford county, and graduated 'froni-theMidway Orphan. School. ' When!" theMassie Hospital , School of Nursing'was opened Miss Harley eame toParis and matriculated in the class,taking the full course with, highhonors. She is survived by hermbther, Mrs. W. J. Cornish, of Harrodsburg; four sisters, Mrs. WE. Riser,of Paris; Mrs. J. E. Kamp, of NewYork, Mrs; "Hattie Eowry, of Lexington, and Mrs. Elmeta Brown, ofSt. Louis, and one half-sister, Mrs.James Goodlet, of Harrodsburg.. The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis.The pall-bearers were: Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty, Dr. J. A. Gilkey, Dr. Williajm Kenney, Thomas Bowman, Chas.Bowman and Morton Bowman.BIRTHS.In Columbus, O., to the wife ofMr. J. Terrence Mackey, formerly ofParis, a son. Mrs. Mackey was formerly Miss Freida Flanagan, of Parkersburg, W. Va.To the wife of Mr. Vaugh P.Drake, of Winchester, a daughter,first-born. Mrs. Drake was formerlyMiss Margaret Willis, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Sam Willis, of Paris.In Paris, to the wife of Mr.,W.G. Stephens, of Chillicothe, v0., adaughter Nancy Elizabeth Stephens. The mother was formerly MissFrances Whaley, of Paris. KCOUNCIL OF DEFENSE SAYS N0LET-UP!"SMiiinmnnimnummmmmmmnmmiThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.Mainamd SixthDay phone 36Nhrht s . . 56or Home 286Motor quipmtnt.Ambulftnct calls promptly attended to with ourUmoutlno Invalid Coach.x Hoant u$od for funeral purposes only.Mr. A. B. Hancock, Bourbon County Chairman Kentucky Council of Defense, is in receipt of the following:Kentucky Council of Defense,1616 Inter-Southern Bldg.,Louisville, Ky., Nov. 7, 1918.Bulletin No. 33.To the County Councils of Defense:We have just received the followingwire irom Hon. JVranklm Jv. .Lane,Secretary of Interior, who is Chairman of the Field Division of. theCouncil of National Defense:"I earnestly heg'yon not to relaxyour efforts in the slightest degreeon account of the possibility of anearly armistice. Even if an armistice should be concluded does notmean that the war is over for a longtime. Most of the work which youhave been called on to perform mustgo on unaimimsnea, ana l nope everyman and woman in the Council ofDefense system will stay on the job.In a few days will write you as. tothe outlook for future work."Permit us to add our own earnestrequest to that of Secretary Lanethat there shall he no relaxations ofyour efforts in any direction. Peaceis not here ye, and in any event thedays of reconstruction will presentfor us problem more difficult thanthose of the war itself has presented.KENTUCKY COUNCIL OF DEFENSE. EDWARD W. HINES, Chairman,PENDLETON BECKLEY, ExecutiveSecretary. '5 153 J! tVICTORY BOYS AND GIRLS -TOHELP U. W. W. CAMPAIGN.The Victory Girls, an, auxiliaryorganization, formed to assist in theUnited War Work Campaign, hasbeen launched in Bourbon County bya number of the county's patrioticyoung women.The aim of the Victory Girls inBourbon County will be to raise$2,500 towards Bourbon's quota inthe big United War Work Campaign,and already a number of youngladies are at work on the task.Miss Louie Bruer, of Paris,, isChairman of Bourbon. County, andthe county has been divided intotwenty sections, the twenty regularvoting precints being the units.Fropi each of these twenty units aCaptain is named, who in turn is toassist in securing 510 members fromBourbon County.At North Middletown, Miss MarieCollins has been designated as Captain, and Mrs. C. M. Best has beenappointed Captain at- Millersburg.The Victory Boys, another organization whose purpose is to also assistin the United War Work Campaign,is being perfected in BourbonCounty by Bourbon's patriotic youngmen.THE STUDENTS' ARMY TRAININGCORPS.The War Department has issued instructions defining its policy in regard to the change in educational requirements for admission to the collegiate section, Students' ArmyTraining Corps. An effort is beingmade to keep these units up to authorized strength. Due to the pressing need for officers in all branchesof the service, men are continuallybeing transferred to Officers' Training Camps. A new system of recruiting these sections is being worked out, and pending its completion,the War Departpnent directs that institutions where present number ofinducted men is less than its authorized quota may certify for inductionsuch students who do not have theprescribed units, but whom the headof the institution and the commanding officer of the unit, jointly, believe to be competent to pursue oneof the programs prescribed. Due consideration will he given to such highschool training as applicants are relevant "to the making of ah officer.The purpose of the foregoing arrangement is not to abolish educational standards, hut to permit suchrelaxation as is necessary to bringthe strength of the crops toitsa total.Students" ,xArpiy- "Training Corpsshould apply by mail immediatelythe educational institution of hischoice for detailed information.r '-vrCENTRAL KENTUCKY SOLDIERSIN MEUSE FRONT BATTLE. jChief of Staff General March saidthat the S8th Division (Kentuckyand. west Virginia), has not been reported -since October 23, when it wasm action west of the Meuse.The 38th Division comprises theold Louisville Legion, and the Secondand Third Kentucky guard regiments.Tnousands of Central and Eastern.Kentucky boys are' with the 28 th Division, reported by General March tobe in action along the Meuse front.The Thirty-eighth was trained atCapnp Shelby, Hattfesburg, Miss., after being mobilized at Camp Stanley,Lexington. Few families in this section of the State are not representedic this division and if hostilities continue news from the Meuse front willbe watched with intense interest.The Thirty-eighth only recentlyembarked for overseas. If fact, it hasbeen but a few weeks since contingents of that division passed throughCentral Kentucky enroute to theEastern coast.A USEFUL CITIZEN."That man is a valuable man tohis community," said a farmer theother day, pointing out a rather undistinguished-lookingman. I listened to hear what remarkable thing theman so spoken of had been doing, andthe farmer went on: "He is a blacksmith and a good one, He can fixanything that gets wrong from anautomobile down."For a minute I was disappointed.I had thought from the farmer'sspeech to hear of something unusual.Then I realized that he was exactlyright about it. The skilled backsmith, the skilled carpenter, the skilled workman of any kind is a valuable asset to the rural community.Many farming neighborhoods sufferfor lack of such men. The man whohas the jmanual skill to do well any!kind of needed repair or construction work is a man for the community to cherish and to be proud of.The country .needs mqre really competent blacksmiths, and wagon makers and stone masons and carpentersand cabinet makers. The young manwho masters any of these trades hasa useful future before him, and practically all farpi boys need to learnto do more with their hands.Edward L. Hearn and LawrenceO. Murray, former Comptroller ofCurrency, are serving abroad asKnights of Columbus Acting OverseesCojmmissioners.M IBS m"The President, seeking rest, visitsColenel House," we are told. There's.nothing so restful as to doze in the Jshadow of the Sphinx.TO THEFARMERSbf Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Partners ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see Avliat this little wonderi doing for otliers.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Quick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mam.moth warehouses only enables us to still giye youthese incomparable values.The most beautifulfful and highest qualityLadits' Dark Gray andMahogany Tan Boots Inallsiztsand widths atBARGAINPRICESft lT Th l' I 'U I 11 1I II " II IJ" VMEN'S TANHIGH CUTS$5.00 Values at$349SpecialWhileLastTheyDon't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now !Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, dJC QRcustom made, at pJ.JjLadies' Mahogany Tari English dp? rcBoots, calf tops, at..,. piJUULadies' Mahogany Tan English tfOQCBoots, cloth tops to match, at ,. .P3.JOLadies' Gun Metal English Boots djo qwing tip, low fcheel, at. ..... j po.Ladies' Gun Metal, button, do a qlow heel, at p&mtvMen's Dark Tan English bench ff Amade, at pOOUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, & j-rvMen's- Gun Metal Walk-Over, r AfEnglish :.$3.49Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- el AAing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $4.UUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes 0 A QDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReigoParis' Greatest Shoe Store?vi"HHHIHHHMIlilinilllAn. applicant for admission , to- jthe 3&rrA