T, f" ft. ...PUBLISHED EVERT TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE JCAK.-V.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1511ii ;,::' " t, '6 --HBOURBON'TutrIWf'-lilV'l'- -7.X 'i i -4INFLUENZA SITUATION SAID TOBE IMPROVING.AUSTEIA BOWLS OVER! GERMANY ON CRUTCHES!Though no official information hasbeen given out by the Board ofHealth, it has been stated that the influenza situation in Paris has takena turn for the better, and that therelias been a marked decrease in thenumber of cases reported for treatment by the local physicians. Theexcellent precautionary measures sopromptly taken by the Board and sopromptly and faithfully observed bythe .people have been the means ofholding the disease in check. It ishoped that the ban may be lifted verysoon, and it is said that such action,will likely be taken by the' StateBoard of Health at its meeting to beheld in Louisville to-morrow.The situation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, has cleareduo wonderfully, and there has alsobeen a noticeable falling off of thenumber of cases sent there for treatment. On last Tuesday there weretwenty-five cases under treatment inthe Hospital. Of this number elevenwere discharged Saturday as cured,and the remaining cases are gettingalong nicely under the care of nurses,volunteers and the atttending physicians. All the sick operators of the ParisHome Telephone Co. have recoveredand are back on duty, which will begood news to the users of that line.Manager Veatch yesterday informedTHE NEWS that the service over hislines from now on would be back toits normal state, and that he certainly appreciated the indulgence of thepublic during the period when theyoung women were ill.There is no doubt that with a continuation of the sanitary regulationsand their observance in this city andthe county there will be very littleremaining of the influenza in a fewweeks or perhaps ten days.During the time the disease wasalmost epidejtnic and the . work ofnursing the cases at the Massie Hospital had become the lot of the following ladies who rendered excellentMrs. N. A. Moore, Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, Mrs. H.t M. Hamilton,Mrs. J. Walter Payne, Mrs. IreneVeatch Isaacs, Miss Clara Bacon", MissFrances Butler, Mrs. Harry Kerslake,Miss Anna Hutchcraf t, Mrs. BooneChanslor, Mrs. Clifton Blackerby andMiss Sallie Whaley, the latter actingas official attendant. Privates H. W.Pry, of Newport, and Ray N. Dodd, ofCovington, both from Camp Buell, assisted sreatlv.by acting as orderlies.During the influenza epidemicat Camp Buell, Lexington, whenhundreds of cases developed amongthe boys of the A. T, S. C, volunteernurses played-itn. importat-snti-win--ningpart in handling the cases.Among these self-sacrificing' womenwere several from Paris and Bourboncounty, who gave freely and unselrflshly of their services in nursing thesick soldiers.From all indications at hand lastnight there was no prospects of theinfluenza ban being lifted.Among the recent victims of the'flu" are two Paris pnysicians, ur.Martha Petree and Dr. J. S. Wallingford. According to the report ofCounty Health Officer Silas Evans upto Sunday night there were 379 casesin the county, with a total of fifteen'deaths. Only twenty-four cases wereunder treatment in the city. Severalcases of diphtheria have been reported to the Health Board, whichmakes another source of danger to beguarded against.PARIS, Nov. 4. An. armistice hasbeen signed with Austria, accordingto an official announcement madehere. Hostilities ceased on Mondayat 3 p. m. The conditions of the armistice will be published to-day. Official announcement of the signing ofthe Australian armistice reached thepremiers while they were in sessionat the apartment of Colonel House,President Wilson's special representative Sunday afternoon and gave thegreatest satisfaction.LONDON, Nov. 4. An armisticewith Russia was signed Sunday afternoon by General Diaz, the Italiancommander-in-chief, according to anofficial communication made here.The text of the statement reads:"A telephone message has been received from the prime minister inParis saying that news has just comethat Austria-Hungary, the last ofGermany's props, has gone out of thewar. The armistice was signed byGeneral Diaz Sunday afternoon andwill .come into operation Monday atthree o'clock. Their terms will bepublished to-day."BOURBON CmCUIT COURT. ,Friday 'was the last day on whichsuits could be -filed for trial at ;thejPLANS FOR BIG UNITED WARWORKERS CAMPAIGN.Under the auspices of the UnitedNovember term of the Bourbon Cir-.War Workers of the State, Mr. Ru-cuix uourt, wnicn was scneauiea toidolph Davis, of Paris, nas oeen sebegin its sessions on Monday, No-fiected as Chairman of a committee tovember 11. The docket is a large j arrange for a big parade to be held inone. The criminal docket .contains, this city on next sSaturday afternoon,forty-six -cases, about- twentvj of November 9, at three o'clock, provid-.wniuu. win ue given, a jury trim, i ed the influenza Dan is iiilcu uy luh-uIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.The new appearance suits number iforty-nine, which includes those onthe ordinary appearance docket.' ""The most interesting" case thajtfwill come up at this sessiqii, prcKvided both sides report ready, is thai?of G. H. Anderson vs. Mrs. Lucyj Ajexander Anderson, in which it will beattempted to have set aside what 'has,been recorded as the will of the .Jatte;Mr. W. H. Anderson, former Superintendent of the Louisville & Nashvilleon this division, with headquarters atParis. Mr. Anderson died from selfinflicted wounds about a year agb.TTia will fUo-ri wou riatorl cotforalyears previous to his death, andwaswritten on a small piece of note.pjLperand bearing the signatures of jwitnesses, in which the deceased: bequeathed his entire estate to Jjhiswidow. The will was probated Afterproof of handwriting had been'fijed.time. The committee held a meetinglast night to discuss the matter.- Ifthe ban is not lifted by Saturday tnecommittee will acquaint the publicthrough the press of Paris of thedate to be selected later on.'If the ban is lifted before next Friday, which is said to be a possibility,there will be mass meetings held inall the larger cities and towns in theState on Friday, in the interest of thecampaign.The Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A.,the National Catholic War Council,the Jewish Welfare Board, the WarCamp Community Service, the American Library Association and the Saltation Army are the main means ofupholding the morale of the American soldiers at home and overseas,and through their separate and collective work they contribute an inpstimn.hle amount of physical andMr. Anderson, previous to his death, mental comfort to the soldiers andLONDON, ENG., Nov. 4. An official statement issued by the Italiangovernment concerning the arjmisticesays:"An officer of the Australian general staff presented himself at thefront of our lines bearing credentialsand asked to discuss an armistice."General Diaz referred the question to Premier Orlando, who is nowin Paris, who is turn informed theinter-allied conference, which discussed and defined the conditionsupon which the armistice could begranted and charged Gen. Diaz, inthe name of the governments of theallies and the United States, to com-tmunicate them to the Austrian whiteflag bearers."The conditions of the armisticeare inspired by the principles of President Wilson namely: To readerimpossible for the enemy to recommence war and to prevent him fromprofiting by an armistice to withdraw fropn a difficult military situation. The condition -of the battlealong our front demonstrates- megreat value of these terms."As it is probable the Austro-Hun-garian white flag bearers would wisho -ccmterrpon. ifee-Su3ectritnt-.tneiEchiefs,, it" is supposed that the response may not be immediate."STOVES, STOVES.You 'had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to 'turn up any morning. Wehave them.C8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO."RED CROSS TEA ROOM.The Red Cross Tea Room, in theWilson Biulding, corner xt Main andThird, was a humming hive of industry yesterday, when the hungrycourt crowd partook of the followingdelicious menu:Vegetable soup; pickles; comdodgers; potatoes a la surprise; firiedoysters; celery; apple dumplings;coffee; tea; milk; head lettuce withRussian dressing.Miss Anna Wilson will be chairman this week, with the followingcorps of assistants: Misses Elizabeth Jasper, Belle Horton, CatherineZURICH, SWITZERLAND, Nov. 5.The German propaganda servicecities theVorwaertos, of Berlin, asconfirming the report that PhilipSchedemann, the Socialist leader inthe Reichstag and members withoutport folio in the German cabinet hadaddressed to Price Maxmilian, of Baden, the ijmperial chancellor, a mem-randum on tne necessity ujl mc ictifement of Emperor William. Thestep was taken, it is added, after anagreement had been reached by theleaders of the Reichstag parties.GO TO THE POLLS TO-BAY.Bourbon county is sure to do itsfull duty to-day in the way of supporting President Wilson by votingfor Stanley and Cantrill. A vote forthese men is an indorsement of President Wilson. It is no time to swaphorses. Go to the polls to-day andcast your vote for Stanley and Cantrill. .m m iv CUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention givetf all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.IK la mEMPEROR BILL STILL REFUSESTO "GET OUT."had deeded a number of pieces ofproperty to his wife. The suit, isbrought in the interest of the mother,sister and brother' of the deceived.Another suit that will proba&jy beheard at this term is one filed in theoffice of Circuit Clerk Webb last Tireekby Mr. B. M. Renick, doing businessunder the name of the Paris MillingCo., against the Paris Water C., aforeign-owned corporation, praying1for the annullment of a contractmade by the Milling Company fwiththe Water Company in 1890.The plaintiff in his petition, claimsto be the owner of the dapi builtacross Stoner Creek, near its plant,which forms a mill pond belowl Itis alleged by the plaintiff that, inconsideration of its paying hale theexpenses of keeping this dam in repair the Water Company was giventhe privilege of drawing water fromthe defendant's mill pond. The 'damis now in a very bad condition andis in danger of being washed ouf; entirely. ' iIt is also alleged that the WaterCompany has refused to pay its halfof the expenses of keeping the dam inrepair or buliding a new dam, andthe petition alleges is mortgaged tosuch an extent as to make it insolvent. Suit is brought to annul the' contract and to enjoin the Water Company from further taking water -fromthe mill .pond.- '5A DUTY TO YOUR COUJSfTRY 'Democratic and Independent voters of Paris and Bourbon county, remember that you have a duty to yourcountry to perform to-day betweenthe hours of six a. m. and four p. m.That duty is to support the Presidentby voting for Stanley and Cantrill.sailors.During the week of Novepnber 3 to10 there will also be a series of business men's conferences "held underthe auspices of the Commercial andRotary Clubs of every city of 5,000or more inhabitants in the State.Thftse conferences will be addressed by successful, well-known business men who are thoroughly acquainted with the work of each of theseven organizations united in theWar Work drive and who appreciatethe great necessity of keeping upand adding to the activities of theorganizations.Many of the men who will speakat these mass meetings have sons orother relatives overseas, and theyknow of the benefits their boys navereceived from one or poore of theseven agencies.1 flR Wl - -STAND BY THE PRESIDENT.Go to the polls to-day and cast avote for Stanley for United StatesSenator and for Campbell Cantrill forCongressman. President Wilson desires them, and the Democrats andIndependents of Bourbon county canperform a duty and help sustain thePresident by voting for them. Thepolls will be open from 6:00 a. m. to4:00 p. m. Don't fail to do yourduty.CUT PLOWERS.,Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.WE "KNOW HOW Inil . ."PA-RTS Nov. 4. Emperor Williamoetn Jasper, $ene ionoja, ww"c , !. , -hie- Tofnpnl to abdi-Wilson. Elizabeth Bmbry. Miss Kath- aperAU; ,te U torthere'. He took refuge at GermanTTaari mi art Ars immediately after the(meeting of the War Cabinet, at whichthe question oi ms auuiwuuu tt,raised, says a dispatch to Le Journalfrom Zurich.erine Davis Craig, IiOuise VanMeterand Lfda Conway.The (menu for to-day, Tuesday, November 5, isr as follows:Breaded veal cutlets, with, tomatosauce and spaghetti; stuffed potatoes;hot rolls; Waldorf salad; fruit salad;peach cobler a la mode; coffee; tea;milk.NOVEMBER COURT DAY.Despite the influenza and the veryevident manifestation of its presencehere, there was a good-sized crowd inParis vAstArdav. in attendance on thetime-honored institution of "courtday."There -was not much aoing in thelive stock market Several head ofhorses and mules changed hands atgairly good prices. The supplyseemed to be better than the demand,and several animals were returned tothe farms and the pens, to await amore favorable opportunity. The"hoss-traders" were here as usual.The redeeming feature of the day wasconspicious absence of the blaringstreet evangelists and the loudjmouthed patent medicine venders.There was very little shoppingdon, and merchant "haa. s WFOOD REGULATIONS POR RESTAURANTS .km in ft my.Time-honored meat conbinationdishes, such as hash, goulash, meatpies, and -liver and bacon may beserved by hotels and restaurants under amendments to tne regumuuuafor public eating places announcedby the Food' Administration. Welshrarebits, however, are oancu 3limitation of service of cheese toone3ialf an ounce to each person ata meal. . , , rnThe original rules annouuucu uvyweeks ago provide for serving onlyone kind of meat to a ?"meal, but It was explained that thiswas not intended to do away withcombination meat dishes. The FoodAdministration also -anu? thatwhile the new ruIes-proWbit the .useof toast as a garniture ''it may beserved under -poached; eggs chippedSTrSttnntSr-isTiein whichit is customary to ue . ,An Ounce of Prevention is Worth aPound of CureYour health and comfort are worth more than yourdollars.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesFor Winter ,i i.are just what you need. If you suffer with cold feet, corns,bunions or callous nlaces vou will Una srreat comiort m w28 wearing Dr. Reed's Shoes, and eventually these troubles55 will cease. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made with a soft velvet-like cushion sole between the outer and inner soles, wnicngives that ease and comfort to the foot, and keeps, thedampness from 'creeping through the. soles of the shoes.Calf Skins and Vici Kids, heavy and light soles, $9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes For lWinter Wearare now. on display, and you will find the same1 dependableshoes in Russian Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leathersthat have made the Nettleton-the ideal shoes fofc the manwho wants style, service and comfort.$12 PER PAIRMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hatt Manhattan ShirtsSteuvBloch ClothesKMr. John C. Clay, son of Mr. andMrs. Harry B. Clay, has heen acceptedas a volunteer. In the service of theU. S. infantry Mr. Clay has beenordered to report to the Lexingtonrecruiting station for final examination. !, Noah Wilmptt, aged twenty-one,son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. T. Wilmott,formerly of Bourbon county, was oneof the recent Srlotims of a Boche bullet. A message to his parents inShelbyville, told that he had beenkilled in action in France.The call for duty has come to Mr.Roy Wetherair, son of Mr. J. P.Wetherall, of near Paris. Mir. WeUierall recently volunteered for servicein the TJ. S. Infantry and was kccepted. He will leave Thursday forCamp Fremont, California, to enterthe Officer graining Corps.. .Dr.r Avonia'll. Kiser, son of Mr. andMrs. John. Kiser. who recantlv arrived!at Plattsburg, New York, for duty, isan influenza sufferer, but is doingwell, according to reports receivedhere yesterday. Before leaving Cincinnati recently, where he was metby his parents, Dr. Kiser was slightlyJill, and upon reaching camp the illness developed into influenza.Gus Reffitt, a member of the Bourbon county contingent which leftParis some time ago, is reported seriously ill in a Base Hospital in thearmy corps in New York. Reffitt, whois a son of Mr. and Mrs. AndrewReffitt, of near Paris, has been inthe anmy service four years and wasrecently transferred from a Californiacamp to a cantonment in New York.Friends,in this city, have receivedcards from Sergt. Richard (Rick)P. Thomas, formerly of Paris, tellingof his safe arrival overseas. Sergt.Thomas enlisted in the service fromMt. Sterling, where he has been residing for several years tafter leavingParis. Previous to enlisting he wasconnected with the S,tate Fire Marshal's ofllce in Frankfort as- DeputyState Fire Marshal.Lieutenant Richard Huffman, whohas been located at Selfridge Field,Mt. Clepaens, Michigan, in the AerialGunner School, has arrived in Millersburg, for a- ten-days' lurloughvisit to-his mothei Mrs. KiaryHuffman. Lieutenanfand Mrs. Huffmanwill return to the Air "Service FlyingSchool at Post Field, Ft. Sill,' Okla.,where the Lieutenant will resume hisduties as instructor.Maj., Cecil Anderson, former Kentuckian, and well-known in Paris,where he has been a frequent visitorat the home of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChampe, has sent a postcard fromCamp Kearney, in California, wherehe is stationed in the Twenty-firstInfantry. He stated that his command was in quarantine on accountof the prevalence of Spanish influenza. The postcard had a beautifulview of Santiago, California.THE NEWS is ;in receipt of alengthy and most interesting letterfrom Leo Grosche, now in France,written to his brothers, in this city."The letter was received, too late forpublication in the regular department for that purpose, and will appear in our next issue. Mr. Grosche'sletters are always full of interest,and we know our readers will bewilling to wait.Mr. Barnett Winters, of Paris, returned to Lexington yesterday, wherehe will sro into active training as amember of the Students' Army Training Corps at Camp Buell. Mr. Winters is in the naval branch. Betweensix hundred and 'seven hundred menreported yesterday, and were assigned to the newly-erected barracks,where their military duties began atonce.The influenza has halted the workof sending out questionnaires forregistrants between the ages of eighteen and nineteen, and thirty-sevenand forty-five. There is no advantagein sending' tie questionnaires whenit means that the registrants wouldassemble in the court house and thiswould be contrary to the HealthBoard's ban. This condition has affected all the draft boards and fceldback their work.Lieut. R. Davis Hutchcraft, son ofMr. J. Perry Hutchcraft, of Paris,who is in the service, has been transferred to the airplane branch of theservice and is now stationed at PortAngeles, Washington, where he is amember of the 120th spruce squaaron. Lieut. Hutchcraft recently senthis mother the following clippingfrom a. Seattle, Wash., paper, whichshows hipn as having done some goodwork in the Liberty Loan campaign:"120th Spruce . Squadron, PortAngeles, .wash. to iiieuienanuCharles B. Stowe and H. Davis Hutchcraft is due much of the credit forthe splendid showing of this squadron in the Fourth Liberty Loandrive. Both are forceful' speakers,and iiTthe talks given to the boys,showed how necessary it was to backup oui comrades 'over there', by genni'mis Rnhsr.rintions. and. by doing so,af?well as getting out spruce, were in.a douoie measure neiys wim" .!. J.l, nma -fi V-ing gybftcriptions, the boystespond-DRAPT CALLS TO MOBILIZir-JiO.-773 ITEWMEK.Draft calls for the mobilization of290,773 additional men at army:training camps before November 21shave been announced . by ProvqtMarshal General Crowder: 3etweeNovember 11 and 15, it waa announced, 253,335 white menpfcycally qualified for general military1service will entrain, making the largest single call issued under the selective service act.The remainder of the Novembertotal, so far as announced will bemade up of negroes for entrainmmtNovember 19 to 21. . -With the assembling of the me 'provided in these calls at camp, tktotal nupnber of men inducted iafamilitary service under th irf -mimthave passed the 3,000,000tne number of men in the'States army in the field or tnuJb&Hrwill total more tham. 4,OOO,0O.Men who registered September 11under the act extending draft &limits will jmake up the larger proportion of the November mofrilijatkwas the eligible list reimimg fitaiiiDnuuo ic5isuis.uiuiuKt largely was exhausted by the October c4te.Though the October atie K?tcsuspended because of the iau:epidemic; nearly all have bn reissued, men, called for camp f October will leave with the memoaHe&for this month. Calls ior additionalmen to entrain later this month arein preparation it was said at theofllce of the Provost Marshal General.Kentucky's quota is 14,125, ofwhich 8,125 are to go to Camp Greenleaf and 6,000 to Camp Beauregard,La.Neither Ohio or Kentucky are assigned quotas of negro registrants.THE PRESIDENTS MESSAGE"White House, Washington,"September 19, 1918."The Hon. J. C. W. Beckham,"Washington, D. C."I understand you are leavingto-day to join Gov. Stanley inopening his campaign in Ken-tucky. May I not say that mycordial wishes go with you?"It is of the utmost conse-quence that the administrationshold have direct and unflaggingassistance of its real friends atthis time, and I wish, you God.speed. . -"Cordially and sincerelv vours."WOODROW WILSON."';u'TRACTOjR' DEMONSTJtATJOirA demonstration of the possibilitiesof the motor tractor will be. given tomorrow on the farm of Mr. JulianFrank, hear Paris, beginning at oneo'clock. Hot coffee and burgoo willbe served. These new machines arerevolutionizing farm work and seenrto have "copne to stay." The farmersand others interested are invited tocome to Mr. Frank's place to-morrowand see this work.At the demonstration, the following tractors will be put in compilssionfor the purpose of demonstrating thesuperiority of motor propelled tractors over the old-fashioned method:International, Wallace, Cleveland,Case and Avery. Let every farmer interested in up-to-date machinery forfarming come to this demonstration.X.! 'KX ed readily, ana in. tne course ui twenty minutes subscribed $9,600. The'amount has since been increased to$10,150."important extensions of the "workor fight" order are planned by Provost Marshal General Crowder. Thenew terms are being considered Jin;the. light of experience with the operation of the ruling, since it becameeffective last summer, and in consideration of its effect amonsr the menof the 18 to 45 age limits, "tfrho registered September 12.While most of the investigationperlminary to the changes, has been:completed, no formal announcementwill be made for a few days.Mr. Bifckner Woodford received thefollowing letter from Mr. Wm. Tarr,'formerly of Paris, who is in the Government service in the Commissary"Department at Norfolk, Va.:"Norfolk, Va., Nov. 1."Mr. Buckner Woodford,'Paris, Ky."Dear Buck: I am enclosing checkfor $20 for the Red Cross. I givethis, with jmy best wishes. While Iwas sick with the influenza in theGovernment Hospital here I realized,what a grand work the Red Cross wasdoing., "" ''Respectfully,, "WM. A. TARR,- )"A. S. B., care A. O. Leach, Norfolk, Va." - r.Relatives in Paris have recemtlyreceived letters from MrL HerjihelHumble', who went to FraMce somemonths ago in' the anny service .ipr.Humble wrote that he liad been inthe 'trenches several times, and thathe had 'just returned from an eightdays' stay in the trenches on the firing line. He. had been- in contactseveral times with shrapnel, but.had escaped 'injury. ,U4r. Humljie,who Is in the 51st Infantry; SixthDivision of the American SxMditiom-ary "Force, stated that he was wrtland all right' in every respect. Mr.Humble married Misis Sarah. Thompson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. I. DvThompson,1 of- Duncan- Krauts, n.Humblfc Jsasaklng her hotwitlitirTwtxents while- "her hund H ir thservice.i'hVTtfeJ 1VI?si:VvSfJii11J:,i&X.ilh!M:une influenza aid it.t v'hLsiv ye-- - $,TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.KTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 191fTHE BOliRBON.NEWSaVtftkHshed 188136 Years of Contimuous PublicationMHished Every Tuesday and EridayFr Year. .$ 2.00 6 Montns. .Sl-00Payable in Adavance.fWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(fctnrrj at the Parle, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theBecond Class.)jkmj erroneous reflection upon theafearaeUr, standing or reputation oi9MT person, firm or corporation which3MX appear in the columns of THEJKK7RBON NEWS will be gladly cor-if brought to attention or theADVERTISING RATESDtaplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 50 cents per incusubsequent insertion.feeading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue: reading notices in black:tyye, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl-obituaries and resolutions, andmatter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseMen Hi and Tearly contracts.Tke right of publisher Is reseivedta decline any advertisement or otherlaatior for publication.Announcements for political 'officesrjnt invariably be accompanied bytte cash.season, with the brown, yellow, redand other colors of the leaves and the.abundance ofutumn -flowers.5But, most of all) the late summerand fall is Nature's pay day. Thenall the grain, fruits, nuts and -all thematerials for food are given to manas salary for his whole year's work.Then, why should we think of theautumn, days as the saddest of theyear. The only thing we can bringto bear to support Longfellow's wordsare the monthly gas bills and theother incidentals to cold weather.There is where the "saddest days"part comes in.Pray For Soldiers.The War Camp Community Service, one of the seven great war relief organizations which have amalgamated for the purpose of the United War Work Campaign, has just received from its representative in Den7ver the following prayer for the welfare of our soldiers "over there.""Our Father, which art in Heaven,bless and inspire our armies in thefield, our ships upon the seas. Watchover the sons of America fighting forLiberty. Strengthen and heartenthem in the hour of pain and peril.Grant them victory, we beseech Thee;lead thejm safely home. Make us wholove them do our part loyally; keepus united in our will to bring uponearth a reign of right and freedom.Amen."'Armed"!I '-'THE. WHITE LADY" THEEATEWS- i, T KAISER, BUI.'1MWp- - This paper has enlistedE' ththe government in theuse of America for theperiod of the varEDITOTITAT, MUSINGS.Effects of The "Hu."Before the issuing of the influenzabaa. Paris was something of a bustliag city. Before the Board of Healthplaced the ban on nearly everythingthat could be safely stopped, hundreds of people came to the city onSaturdays from every section of thecoanty to do their shopping and tomeet their friends and neighbors, toattend the movies, and incidentally,to gossip. The merchants were busy,tko officers of the county and citycourts were working hard to keep up"with the dockets, the County Clerkwas busy with people whom DanCupid had smoked out, the poolrooms were crowded, the soft drinkstands were catering to large crpwds,asJ. other evidences of industry andprosperity were in the air.But now it is different. The streets,wzGl the solitary exception of Saturday afternoons, are almost deserted,the stores are far from crowded, people are trading in the countrystores, if at all, the police docketisa'i much, the soft drink stands arealmost taboo, the pool rooms are closet, -and there are other signs of dullaeos'and depression evident. In fact,tie merchants declare there is verylittle doing, and the court officialsdeclare -that all the evil-doers excepttke bootleggers have reformed.Tifie health ban ft a worked ahanifehip on the newspaper man.Tkejr are taxed to their utmost totklak up enough newsto fill even partof H&e- usual space. News is usuallygood', that is, news that is usuallyoftgy to -get, is not to be obtained ataxyprice; or under any conditions.Tkiags that usually happen haveliiidown and died, or have quittautening. Then, too,s their burdensaaye' 'Been increased because of thefaot that the Liberty Loan had to&&&, and leave them with very little material to fill up on. With theaid of tke Loan there was alwayssome story to be manufactured, butbow this source of inspiration, ifsuchi it may be called, is removed,and the newspaper men are left withaly influenza and the United WarWorkers campaign as "stock stuff."Keally Prom the "Back Woods."The Librarian representing Library War Service of the AmericanLibrary Association at one of thebig training camps reports a manwho had never seen a railroadtrain before starting for the campand another who had never talkedthrough a telephone.5l 83 1S3 ,TEACHING THE RUSSIAN PEASANT.Ernest Poole, in the November RedCross Magazine, quotes a Russianschoolmaster as saying:"Every school should teach English, every library should have English and American books, to offsetthe ones that the Germans are givingus. If you believe in liberty as theGermans believe in their devil's kultur, you Americans will come overhere and prove your belief by thethings you do. You had a great man,Lincoln. Each tipne that a Germanspeaks of his Kaiser, xjne of your people should be on the spot to say:'Now, let me tell you of a greatAmerican peasant. Abraham Lincolnwas his name.' "I5i j5i gaGIRLS! HAVE WAVY,THICK, GLOSSY HAIRP&EE PROM DANDRUPPPine Autumn Bays.Frosts, heavy and white; fallingleaves; a tang of something indefinable in the air, suggestive of the nearap roach of wintry days; people hurrying by wrapped to the chin, orwith their heads high in the air,eagerly drinking in the pure ozone,Stealth-giving, invigorating; bright,cheerful sunshine all these greeteds Saturday morning as a remindertkat Jthe summer had passed.Soiae times we' think the poet saystkia&s just because the words soundpoetical; that ha expresses thoughts:ot ,$ecause they are true, but beaavure they make good rhyme. TakeLongfellow; now in getting up ayottrf 'about the autumn, he says:'TbejmeTancholyriiay8 have' come, theattest of theyear." It seems to .ustky,",ara about the happiest of theywWe are relieved from the intwftr frt of the summer, for onetMLir" ( thotik )taot of us are honestfthjtocofefeei that we'don't likem iatr wnmth) The world is cer-Save Your Hair! Double Its BeautyIn a Pew MomentsTry This!If you care for heavy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrous, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle ofdandruff; you cannot have nice,heavy, healthy hair if you havedandruff This destructive scurf robsthe hair of its lustre, its strength andits very life, and if not overcome itproduces a feverishness and itching ofthe scalp; the hair roots famish,loosen and die; then the hair fallsout fast.If your hair has been neglected andis thin, faded, dry, scraggy or toooily, get a small bottle of Knowlto6.'sDanderine at any drug store or toiletcounter for a few cents; apply a little as directed and ten minutes after you will say this was the best investment you ever made.We sincerely believe, regardless ofeverything else advertised, that ifyou desire soft, lustrous beautifulhair and lots of it no dandruff noitching' 'scalp and no more fallinghair you must use Knowlton's Danderine. If eventually why notnow? r (adv)m rm aREFUSES TO ACCEPT GERMANMADE TOYS.Refusal to accept JL09 cases of Ger-mro-madetoys and china consignedto tem as a part of a shipment of5,000,000 pounds of these commodities which reached this country afew days ago, was announced by Butler Bros., an importing house, iniNew York, with branches in Chicago,St. Louis, Minneapolis and Dallas.Declaring that "long ago we eliminated these goods from our catalogue, accepted our loss and forgotall about them." Walter Scott, vicepresident, said his concern has setitself against "German propagandadesigned to re-introduce into AmericaGerman-jmade. articles."The shipment was part of a lot ofgoods purchased by the firm early in1914, he said, some of which was received, while the balance was detained at Rotterdam by war conditions. It was forwarded, Mr. Scottadded, without instructions and hasbeen abandoned by notice to customsofficials.9$i-.irf ressum8tetimw xn .rfrjri v - rtnli-'WlttvTvlC-V" ..s ' VEicASS-When company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dresseel up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She k?iows itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.You save vrhtn you bay it.Yon save when you use it.jWijSIABOUT CROUP. xIf your children are subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that disease,you should procure a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and studythe directions for use, so that in caseof an attack you will know exactlywhat course to pursue. This is a favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and it is important that youobserve the directions carefully. r(adv-nov)1 ta 1Philadelphia is troubled over howi-J:fmnr Kifif.il nfrtW . 4 .w ?" V"?.0"?.?" vieau- wae wyZZZf rwmfc.r "n,. r jZZ:::" ""eraway now andEMPEROR CHARLES TAKESFLIGHT EROM AUSTRIA.COPENHAGEN, Nov. 4. EmperorCharles, of Austria, has fled from Vienna to Godollo, 15 miles northeast ofBudepest, said a dispatch from anAustro-Hungarian source recently.The flight of the Emperor was madein a special train of 18 cars. Quantities of furniture, food and moneyand the crown jewels were carriedalong.Ifti 15a fiaThere is more Catarrh in this section of the cbuntry than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe jmucous surfaces of the system.One hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists. 75c.rt'of November than at for 'other then when there is a lull in politics. I novl-3t)Public SaleFarm, Stock, CropOn account of declining health, Iwill offer for sale my home on theBethlehem pike, one mile from citylimits of Paris, Ky., onSaturday, Nov. 9, 1918AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.This farm contains 5 acres ofland. Two-story residence, sixrooms, two halls, two porches, cisternand all necessary outbuildings. Alsoa large feed barn, with cistern atbarn, and double corn crib. Also atthe same time and place I will sell:1,800 sticks of good tobacco;3 or 4 tons of mixed baled -hay;1 bay stallion, 8 years old;1 black jack, 8 years old;1 sorrel work and driving horse, 6years ld;1 sorrel work mare, in foal to jack;1 coming two-year-old filly;1 weanling mare (mule colt;jl agea muie;3 good Shetland ponies;1 good Jersey milch cow;1 sow and 3 seventy-five-poundshoats;2 farm wagons;1 spring wagon;1 buggy and harness;1 Randall harrow;1 40i-knife cutting box;1 fodder cutter, horse power attachment; 1 walking cultivator;1 drag pond scraper;1 set work gear;1 cowboy saddle;1 side-saddle; ''Lot of other things too numerousto -mention;Some household and kitchen furniture.'h W. 0. BUTLER.Paris. Keitucky.The famous White Lady'of the.Hohenzollerns is reported to havebeen seen recently in the old' palaceat Berlin. Does the apparition givewarning of the Kaiser's death?He is notoriously a believer in themystical and may well be frightened.An Apnerican governess of his children (when they were young) hasquoted the Crown Princess Cecilie assaying to her that the Emperor andhis wife were "as superstitious astwo old peasants."The White Lady, according to thestory, was an ancesstress of theKaiser and the Countess Agnes vonOrlamunde, and the appearance ofher ghost from century to centry hasinvariably given notice of the approaching demise of the retiringmonarch.. The Kaiser is directly descendedfrom a Burgrave of Neuremburg hisline, continued through the Electorsof Brandenburg, having no more exalted origin who married the Countess Agnes. It is not recorded whether or not, he was aware of the factthat she had murdered her first husband and her two children in orderto become his wife.The murder habit seems to haverun in the family ever since. But,be that as it may, the crimes are saidto have been committed within thewalls of the palace, which is 475years old and has 1,000 windows.There is a great deal of apparentlyauthentic evidence indorsing thisspecter which is mentioned by Thos.Carlyle in his his history of Frederick the Great. According to his account, it entered the bedroom of themonarch on the night before he died.His physicians supposed that he wasrecovering from his illness; but, having told them of the ghost's visit, hedeclared that there was -no use in trying to ward off death any longer,and, turning his face to the wall, hepassed away.P3 la lEiBrowning clubs can now 'claimthat their herohad a vision of thegreat war and told about it in tellinghow they carried the good news fromfrom Ghent to Aix.FOR SALEPure Durocsonable price,(tf)jilts. Will sell at rea-E. F. PRICHARD,Paris, Ky.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.0. L." STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.Executor's Notice!All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateGeorge Rice are requested to settlewith the undersigned executor..Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. E. J. MARTYN,(oct29-3wks) Executor.For RentCottage of four rooms an Winchester street. Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply tojIPS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & Wn)ES &Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf) .CO.,Lost or StolenEither stolen from my home onPleasant street, or lost somewhere inParis, a pair of jet earrings, set ingold. Reward for their return.MRS. SALLIE BASHFORD,No. 921 Pleasant Street.Home Phone 436. -Wanted Junk.V Easy Washing!YES, actually easywhen GRANDMAhelps do it. No more backbreaking over a rubbing boardnot with GRANDMA on thejob. GRANDMA gets rightdown to the bottom of things ina hurry. Dirt just can't hideaway when she gets after it.GRANDMA stops the waste ofcutting or chipping of bar soap.You measure out just what vWash the Woolen Socks need and no more'You Knit with GrandmaGRANDMA'S Powdered SoapYour Grocer Has It!We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p. per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1,10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 pef hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper,, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c'per pound:Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, iy2c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per,, pound.Green Hides, 16c per "pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, fdr which we pay the highest price. " Send us samples.' "SPEYER &-SON, -Lexington2 Ky. jMij;-;-L. ;;-.gSj;jng,gg..;.eBggJi585iggN,Attention, Farmers !Beginning Monday Oct. 21' We Began BuyingCREAMFOR THE G. W. JEAN COMPANYW0RTHINGT0N, IND.The Largest Creamery in the U. S. A., and will Pay theHighest Market Price at All Times. Give Us aTrial. Bring in a Can and Let Us TestIt For You.STONE & TARRCorner Main and Eighth Sts.(oct22-tf-T)Paris, Kentuckywrfceaf:sa--a-It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebrated .WilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAY:;iXSXiiMiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137? NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Xxgg;ixsraiAn Appeal to Home TelephoneSubscribers.Spanish Influenza has incapacitated a large part ofour operating force (including chief operator) and at thesame-time has emphasized the necessity for telephone service to meet emergencies on this account. The operatorswho are still able to work can handle only those calls required by war work, sickness, public welfare and otherabsolute necessity. We are anxious to handle the important calls, and your full co-operation wilLbe appreciated.PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.' (Incorporated.)J. J. YEATCH,District HanarerW. H. CAM! OH.local Xuugeri::iIl3IN' ""3tfUE&DAY, NOVEMBER ; 1918--?THB BOUHBOH HEWfc FAWS. JEfi'AI frtorrk for Twe.tr Years p ftjj f JMrs. M. S. Davis, 160710th Ave., N. Nashville.Tenp.,Tmtes:"After having- been a constantsufferer from catarrk for moretkaH tweHty years and after trying almost every remefly advertised, and having lost all hope, Ivery reluctantly began the useof Peruna about two years ago.Everybody says I look yomngerhow than I did tveeaty years ago,and I actually feel younger andbetter, and weigh more. I amrecommending it to my neighbors and all with whom I comein contact."Sold EverywhereLiquid or Tablet Form "iH&pmTsfcsfcafcmfejimtetefetefeiisJ UTTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYf SOLDIERS AND SAILORS J1iP3miafell?5?fefem)ailB6l5lSilSi5ltelfel!SfelttlEaMr. Cornelius W. (Buddie) James,son of Mrs. Mollie James, of this city,-who has been, in the navy service torseveral years, sends THE NEWS theaccompanying short message, whichspeaks for itself:"In European Waters, Oct. 12."Dear NEWS: Just a few lines to"let you know that I am receiving the'famous' NEWS just as regularly asIt is printed and mailed. That speakspretty well for Uncle Sam's mail service, at a time when ther6 is all kindsof complaints being registered aboutthe uncertainty of soldier's mail, papers especially."I am always glad when I see thatlittle white bundle, that small package of white and black, wrapped, in,white paper, and containing all thelatest and best news from the oldhom& town. And I know there is always sopnething interesting in eachcopy of. the paper. About the onlylate daily paper we get here is theParis edition of the New York Herald. Of course there is plenty of warnews in it, but then you know I amnot very well acquainted with everybody in the War, but I am with everybody in Paris and Bourbon county,so that is why THE BOURBONNEWS is preferable."Don't think that THE NEWSstops with me, for it has a good circulation here. Noah Clark is stationed on an oil barge over here. Itold him I would save all the papersfor him. Read his letter that youprinted in, THE NEWS some weeksago. When I showed it to him well,I will tell you what he said when Icome hojme."From the way things look now itwill not be long before we will behome. We go to sea to-morrow fora few days, so this letter will be alittle longer getting to you than if wewere in port. " Please excuse pencil,'as we can't afford fountain pens now,as we are just after investing ournext year's pay In Liberty Loanbonds."Here is a little article you canstick in your paper to make yourfriends sit up and take notice. Ofcourse, I know old Kentucky gave hershare, but just to let, you know thatthe sailors on yachts and destroyersare doing their share, too. So here isan example:"I am on a very small ship, withabout ninety (men, officers inclusive.I am pretty sure there are no millionaire's sons aboard this ship. We subscribed $12,100 to the Fourth Liberty Loan. Pretty good for a ship thissmall. There are some ships withtwice as many men that didn't givethat much."Well, write me a letter. Am always glad to hear from you. If thepeople back home could just realize,how much, a letter means to the boyson the ships, in the camps, thetrenches, the hospitals, and elsewhere, they would be writing somuch that they wouldn't have hardlytime for (much else. There's nothingso cheerful to the enlisted man aswhen his name is called for mail, andhe is handed out a package of lettersAnd the old home town papers."With regards to all the boys inthe office and to all friends, I am ("Very Truly,"BUDDIE.""Cornelius W. James,"U. S. S. Remlik,"Care Postmaster, New York.'rain just now,, but that it won't last :;"I have traveled over Scotland,England, and almost through Franceand enjoyed every bit of it, but theimore I see of the Old World, the morefully I realize what a fine and greatcountry we have back in -the States, ,and especially in old Kentucky. ,"I am at present stationed in thewine district (excuse that, expression, and substitute the grape-producingdistrict, for I see-no shortageof wine any place over here.) TheFrench I learned from books did notmake much of a hit with the people,so I am learning to converse with ithem only. If I should try to writeit I am sure nobody would know whatit was. The pronunciation is so very idifferent from what I was taught.When I learn to shrug my shoulders ;J. ajm sure our uoionei will make me ( ;.;Billeting Officer."It is too bad that some people inTiq Qtoocs t'hinlr too aro livintr r Tiarrl .over here. The fact is that thearmies of the United States and theAllies are the best cared for lot ofmen in the whole world to-day."I am sorry I am not allowed towrite you anything of interest, butI expect to be back in a short while,then I can tell it all. Give my regards to all, and with much love I am,Tours,"JASON A. REDMON,"Second Lieut. 325th Fid. Artillery.American Expeditionary Forces.')9l 9l 151DON'T BELAY:-:1X1Lieutenant Jason Redmon, a Bourbon county boy, who is stationed inFrance with the 325th Field Artillery of the American ExpeditionaryForces, writes to his uncle and aunt,Mr. and Mrs. Harry James, of thiscity, as follows:"France, October 17.Dear Uncle and Aunt: "We havespent last few days tied up in helmets,slickers and rubber boots, but the skyis quite clear this morning. Thewinter days began the sixth of (October, and when it wasn't raining theclouds were sweating moisture. Thenatives tell me it is the season forA Patriotic Christmas!Santa Claus will Be Here Thisv.Christmas, But Like EveryoneElse, He-Must "Do His Bit."The National Council of Defence knows that SantaClaus' business is an essential occupation. They realizethat the spirit of good cheer and good will associated withthe genial old saint will clo much to strengthen the morale of both the civil and military population. Nevertheless, they have put Santa Claus under certain restrictionswhich will make his business a help towards winning thewar.Thus, All Shoppers AreUrged to StartTheir Christmas Buying NOW, and VComplete it as Early as Possible.:?,v $stf-eIIOutXAgi"TILIIll.-'THREE soldiers who had been cut off from canteenX supplies for many days left the trenches for. abrief respite."Oh, for a smoke!" said one."And something, sweet some chocolate or cookies!" saidanother."I need a tooth brush and some soap worse than anythingsaid the third.They came into a desolated village. Not a soul was in sight"We're out o' luck!" they said. And then they turned a corner."There it is!" they cried. It was a sign on the only buildingleft standing in the place. It was the canteen run by one of- these seven recognized organizations."Who said we'reout o'luck?" they shouted. "We're in again!'More than 500 tons of supplies leave our ports every weekunder the direction of these seven agencies just so that whereverthe American soldier happens to be, he will find good cheer andcomfort waiting for him. A splendid army of uniformedworkers are now engaged in this work and General Pershingasks that at least a thousand more be sent each month.Nothing is too much to do for those who are bearing the bruntof this war. What wiE you give for those who-are givingeverything?UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNi tSome Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is DangerousThe f slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, -neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is time begin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried andproven kidney remedy. No need toexperiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used in thousands of cases of kidney trouble forover 50 years. Doan's Kidney Pillsare used and recommended throughout the civilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 426 Eighth,street, .says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a seriouscondition. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped me morethan anything else, always relievingme of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland bad. Foster-Milburn.Co., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)- 81 TSB TBITHE SONG CONTEST UNITEDWAH WORK CAMPAIGN.Word has been received at theUnited War Work Campaign headquarters, 643 South Fourth street,Louisville, Ky that the meeting ofthe judges of the United War Worksong contest, held in Chicago, theaward of the gold medal for the bestsong entered went to Egbert vanAlstyno and Gus Kahn, two professional song writers of Chicago.The sone selected by the localjudges as being the best entered inKentucky in the contest, was composed by Nannie G-. Board, of Louisville,a young colored woman.Nannie Board's song receivedhonorable mention frojm the Chicagojudges. A song from every State in,the Central field of the United WarWork Compaign was submitted tothe final judges and it was after considerable time had been spent in selecting the best composition, that"For the Boys Over There," by VanAlstyne and Kahn was decided uponas the winning number.These two song writers have collaborated on a number of popularsongs, among thembeing "For TourBoy and My Boy," and "What AreYou Going to Do for the Boys?" bothof which- were widely sung duringthe Fourth Liberty Loan drive.m in mDr. Copeland, of New York, saysthe use of whisky tends to increasethe danger of influenza. This opinionmay be scientific, but Mfe fear it willdefeat the party if we insist upon it.All gifts (except toys for children) should be usefuland practical -things, in accord with the times. Customers should carry their own parcels whenever it is possiblefor them to do so.It is with a wholehearted compliance to these rulingsthat we announce our complete 'readiness to serve youwith big and cpmprehensive stocks 6f merchandise suitable for gifts. While we will not be permitted to engage. extra salespeople, nor to add to our customary storehouse,be assured that our utmost will be done to serve- youpromptly and satisfactorily. xEvery Department Now RadiatesThe Spirit of Christmas.Practical, useful merchandise suitable for Christmas"giving is shown by every department, and a visit to thestore now will help to solve your biggest gift problems.We, urge you to visit our store this week and at yourleisure inspect the big displays made in advance of the'holidays.WOLF, WILE COLEXINGTON, KY.FARMERSas!II!VI:-:This space contributed to the Winning of the WarG0LDSTINESaves You Money onEvery Article You BuyLadles' SuitsCoatsShoes' DressesWaistsSweatersDry GoodsMillineryCorsetsa KimonosUnderwearHosieryBlankets and Comforts.Twin Bros.We Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe VonderfulGLEVELA1NDTRACTORIf you are interested in better and"more economical farming, come iivVand eee what this little wonder -isdoing for others. . vWe Can Demonstrate IfVit to You Any Day - -rMG. S. BALL GAMQECor. FoHrth and PUasant St. '!IX -IKiiXIIXKIXIXIXIX1KIXIIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIX1XIXiMP-.-kby Patriotic ransuqzens. - - ,Department Store1 Main ami 7th " Paris, Ky.i1itimM-JlMiWJilWlvAftsionjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAM5, KY.TU1SDAT, NOVEMBER 5, !!.).h--vjtt-!W0ME1PS ACTIVITIES."'Red Cross Christmas CommitteeMrs. Walter Panye, chairman ofthe Christpias Committee of the RedCross, has received a number of boxes-which will be distributed to onemember of a family having a soldieroverseas. The Christmas label sent"by this soldier must be presentedwhen the box is asked for. The boxwhen packed must not weigh merethan two pounds, 14 ounces. Afterpacking, the boxes are to be returned to the Red Cross Home Serviceoffice in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, where they will beinspected, and weighed. They willtheQ. be officially sealed with thespeciaj labels bearing the napne ofjthe chapter and name of inspector.This work will he conducted between2Joy, 8 and 15. iwWomen And The Merchant Marine3 ,"What can the women do for the.American merchant marineWhat can the American merchantmarine do for women?More and more the women of the"United States create the influencewhich we call "public opinion," and- -which- shapes and guides the policiesof the nation. American women sup--Sportedpeace until they saw that warl&ras necessary in defense of humanity. Then, they - threw themselvesinto the war wholeheartedly. Whenjpeace returns they will throw themselves into the intricate problems ofreconstruction. Women want toknow, always, before they act. Inthousands of study clubs and similarorganizations they are constantlyseeking to learn facts about publicquestions. When they know, thenthey act, and generally on the rightside.The American merchant marinewill be one of the biggest factors inreconstruction. War has led us tothink in world terms. After the warwe piust serve the world with ourships, help other nations develop bypurchasing their products, and payfor their products with our goods. Weare building a merchant fleet of about25,000,000 tons of shipping. Shipsalone will not make an Americanmerchant marine. There must bepublic support and. wise laws based,on popular understanding. The reason we have not had ships since theCivil War, and then only ten percent, of our world trade was carriedin American ships, is "that we haveaot been ship-minded. Public opiniondid not think ships. Now we anustthink ships, and then we will have-them. The connection is absolutelyclear in so far as women help makeAmerican public opinion they canlielp establish and maintain theAmerican merchant marine.Because of the influenza, and general depression, it has been thoughtDest to close the Red Cross sewingrooms for this week, or until furthernotice.LOOK HERE. MR HUNTER! GUNS.RIFLES. AMMUNITIONS.We have a complete line of guns,rifles and all kinds of ammunition,Tiunting coats and leggins.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.TOOD ADMINISTRATOR PERMITSINCREASED SUGARALLOWANCE.The sugar allowance of two poundsmonthly a person for householdershas been increased to three poundsfcnonthly by Food AdministratorHoover. The sugar regulations alsoaxe revised to permit the purchase ofthe entire month's supply for "a family at one time.This relaxation of the restrictionsplaced on the use of sugar fourmonths ago was made possible, Mr.Hoover's statement said, through theTapid manufacture of the great sugarcrop in the west, the new cane cropin the south, reductions of consumption in manufacturing, freer transportation conditions and. patrioticconversation-by the public.B-4 FIREInsure 'withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsIETRE DESTROYS BARNS ANDTHREATENS RESIDENCE.For a time Sunday afternoon a firewhich destroyed two large tobaccobarns on the farpi of Rainey Smith,near Tarrs Station, threatened toalso destroy the home of Mrs. Wm.Tarr, which is about one hundredyards away from the scene of theconflagration.The fire started on the roof of oneof the barn, and is supposed to haveoriginated from sparks from a passingengine on the Louisville & Nashville.The two barns, and their contents,comprising about 20,000 pounds oftobacco, feed, farming implements,etc., were owned by Mr. Smith, andthe tobacco was jointly owned by"him and W. H. Earlywine. The totalloss has been estimated at ?10,000.A high wind which was prevailingt the time carried a shower of sparksand burning' tobacco and other inflamable material to the residence ofMrs. Williapi Tarr, setting fire to theroof. A hurry up call was sent into the Paris vflre department, whileaai improvised, bucket brigade foughtthe flames. The Paris auto truck wassent to the scene by. Mayor January,and the fire was extinguished by thefiremen without any serious propertyloss.Tired of'SaAn. 'Z. Wheat? A iCP .T .'You dont Know W$;r y ' -"Lwhat b to be tr C y:Tired V "' " ' ". , ti I ' I ... . H Iwidow, who' was formerly Missr RoseHall, of Fayette county'; one son,Charles J. Clark, aged nine; two halfbrothers, Will Clark, of Paris, and Dr.Richard Clark, who is in the armyservice at Camp Meade, Md., onehalf-sister, Miss Julia Clark, of Paris,and his stepmother, Mrs. Kate Clark,of Paris. .MANGUM.Mrs. Ernest Manguim, wife ofRev. Ernest Mangum, died at herhome recently at Union, Ky., after ashort illness. She was married toRev. Mangum about three monthsago. Rev. Mangum was for severalyears pastor of the Baptist churchat Shakespeare, in this county, wherehe made a host of friends. His friendsthere and in this city, where hisbrother, Rev. O. R. Mangum, was pastor for several years of the Baptistchurch, tender their heartfelt sympathy in his bereavement.DEATHS.TURNEY.The funeral of Mr. Clell E. Turney, aged forty, who died at his homeon the Maysville pike, near Paris, ata late hour Saturday night, of doublepneumonia, was held at 2:30 o'clockyesterday afternoon. Services wereconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery, by Rev. J. J. Rice, pastorof the Paris Presbyterian church, ofwhich Mr. Turney had long been adevoted (member.The pall-bearers were C. E. Arnold,John W. Spears, Lou W. Taylor, Harry B. Clay, Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty,W. W. Mitchell, Wm. R. Blakemore.It would be hard to name a youngman in the county who had beenmore universally popular than ClellTurney. Of an amiable disposition,he attracted friends by his personality and held them with unvaryingsteadiness. His was the nature thatmade always for good fellowship, andhis entree into any circle was hailedwith gladness. He was not in the ordinary parlance of the day "a goodfellow," but he was one of thosemen whose nature, inherited from hisparents, was like theirs gentle, unassuming, cordial, and he was morethan a good fellow" in the esteem ofhis friends. When the -word wentaround that he had passed away,there was a universal expression ofregret. In his passing the communityloses a good citizen and his familyhas sustained an almost irreparableloss.Mr. Turney is survived by his wife,who was Miss Bettie Brent Johnson,daughter of the late Mr. W. A. Johnson, for years a prominent figure inthe journalistic circles of Paris. Hermother, Mrs. W. A. Johnson, residedwith her. He is also survived by oneson, Jesse Turney, Jr., his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turney, of nearParis, two brothers, Mr. AndrewJackson Turney, now in France as amember of the American Expeditionary Force, and Mr. Amos Turney, Jr.,of Paris, and. one sister, Mrs. RobertWinn, of Mt. Sterling. Mr. Turneywas a nephew of Mr. Amos Turney,Sr., who died very suddenly near hishome on the Maysville pike, nearParis, several weeks ago.ville, at this point. He was taken illabout ten days ago, and was takento the Massie Hospital, where his illness resulted fatally. He is survivedhis mother, Mrs. M. J. Hertig, ofParis, and three brothers, Mr. Wm.R. Hertig, of Ohio, Robert O. Hertig, now in the service of the UnitedStates overseas, and H. H. Hertig ofIllinois.While the body of Mr. Hertig wasbeing consigned to its last restingplace in the Paris Cemetery, Saturday afternoon, his brother, Mr. JohnR. Hertig, who has been ill in theMassie Hospital at the same time,died of the same disease a short timeafter his brother's body had been taken from the institution. At the sametime a little four-year-old daughterof Wm. Hertig, another brother, diedof influenza in Covington. Her bodywas brought to Paris, Sunday. Adouble funeral was held at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery byRev. Geo. R. Combs, pastor of theMethodist church, after which thecommittal service of the Junior Orderof United American Mechanics wasused for the brothers.Fir, Win and LightningImuranct.ThMHM, itt?4 Jc Iryart.KELLER.The body of Dr. Hervey S. Keller, of Frankfort, who died in Albuquerque, New Mexico, last week, arrived in Frankfort, Friday, and wastaken to the 'Frankfort Cemetery,where it was interred with servicesconducted at the grave by the Frankfort Knights Templar. The body wasmet at the Louisville & Nashvillepassenger station by a delegation ofthe Frankfort Commanderyr. acting asescort. The funeral party was composed of Mrs. Keller, Miss Louise Keller, Miss Annette Walcutt and Mr.Robert Crutcher, a brother of Mrs.Keller.Dr. Keller was one of the best-known physicians in the State, having served as a member of the Stat&Board of Health and a member of theKentucky Tuberculosis Commission.He was a native of Paris, where he Iwas born, and was a son of the lateGreen R. Keller, for several' yearsChief Clerk of the House of Representatives In the General Assembly,and for many years editor of the Carlisle Mercury. The family resided onVine street for many years, in theresidence .at present occupied by Mr.Forrest Thomas and family. Dr. Keller attended the public schools ofParis, and after the family moved toCarlisle he studied (medicine, and attended medical schools in Cincinnatiand Philadelphia, graduating withhighest honors of his class. He is survived besides his wife, who was aMiss Crutcher, of Frankfort, by oneson, one daughter, and one brother,the latter, Mr. Stanley Keller, of Lexington, formerly editor of the Carlisle Mercury.BIVIN.Mr. James B. Bivin, aged eightyone, who died'last week in the MassieMefmorial Hospital, was for a longa resident of Paris before his familybecame scattered. He also resided inNorth Middletown, from where hemoved to Paris. Mr. Bivin had beenan invalid for many years and wasin the Hospital for nearly a year beof Paris, four brothers, William M.he came from the east coast of Virginia to Kentucky that he jmight casthis vote for Woodrow Wilson.Besides his widow, who was formerly Miss Carrie Scott, of nearNorth Middletown, he is survived byfive children, Miss Carrie Bivin, whowill be remembered here as one ofthe faculty of the old Paris PublicSchool, and Mr. Will Bivin, both ofCleveland, Ohio; Mrs. Dan Campbell,of New Rochelle, New York; Mrs.Noah Sagaser, of near Jacksonville,this county, and Prof. George Bivina member of the faculty in the University of Chicago.BROWNING.Walter Browning, aged twentythree, died Sunday morning in theState Hospital, at Lexington, following an illness of several years' duration. He was a son of Mrs. EmmaBrowning, of Paris, who surviveshim. The body will be brought toParis for interment. The funeral arrangements had not been announcedlast night. ,te fcaPAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.1 TSRELIGIOUS.SPARKS.The funeral and burial of 'Private James Harding Sparks, wereheld Saturday afternoon in the Jacksonville Cemetery, in this county.The services were conducted by Rev.J. R. Jones. The pall-bearers wereWilliard Ashcraft, Homer Whittaker, J. T. Wornall, Jr., Karl Foster,Robert Worthington and Isaac Keller. Private Sparks, who was a (memberof t the U. S. Marines, died of pneumonia on board a transport off thecoast of England. His body wasbrought back on the transport, andhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Sparks, of near Jacksonville, werenotified of his death. Besides his parents, ne is survived by one sister, Mrs.J. L. Boyers, of Lexington, and onebrother, Mr. Charles Sparks, of Covington. , .. .,..," "","'".MILLER.Mrs. Lydia Miller, aged fifty-five,died at her home on Twelfth streetlast week, after a long illness due totuberculosis. She was a native ofHarrison county. Mrs. Miller is survived by one son, Mr. Herbert Miller,of Paris, four brother's, William M.Turner, Godfrey Turner, Hayes Turner and John Turner, all of Cynthiana, and two sisters, Miss Laura Turnear, of Harrison county, and Mrs. J.T. Read, of Ohio.The body was taken to Mt. Pleasant, in Harrison county, Saturday,for interment in the Mt. Pleasantuejmetery.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Talc mm ctwinctc tmurt y urtehacce Ih ile barn against fir4HMI WHMKkOMH WRMYERKES & PEED.(nov5-4t) , , V s f ,vHERTIG.The funeral of Mr. James OliverHertig, aged nineteen, who died atthe ; Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city at five o'clock Friday morning, after a brief illness of pneumonia, was held Saturday afternoon at2:30 o'clock. Services were conducted at the grave in the Paris Cemeteryby Rev. George R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church.CLARK.The funeral of Mr. John Throckmorten Clark, aged forty-nine, aiormer resident of this city, whodied at his home in Lexington, at12:30 o'clock Sunday, after a longillness, will be held in the ParisCemetery at 3:00 o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon. Services will beconducted at the grave by Rev. F. W.Eberhardt, pastor of the GeorgetownBaptist Church. ,The pall-hearers will be Lafe Ardery, John T. Clark, Robt. P. Kenney,Charles T. Kenney,.Dr. Wm. Kenney,Will Clark and Dr. Wm. K. Dudley.Mr. Clark was a-son of Mr. -ind,On account of the influenza banstill being in force there will be nomeeting of the Mission Circle of theChristian church, as originally scheduled. xlKa fe laSOLDIERS' CHRISTMAS BOXESAnnouncement was made lastnight that the Soldiers' ChristmasBoxes have arrived. They may besecured by presenting the authorizedlabels at the Red Cross headquarters,in the Bourbon-Agricultural Bankbuilding, between the horus of twoand four o'clock p. m.Strayed or Stolen.From my farm on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris, a two-year-old sorrel walking mare; about fifteen handshigh; .one hind leg white half-way tohock ;, star in forehead; light-coloredmane and tail. Liberal reward forinformation leading to her recovery.JAS. M. CALDWELL,Cumberland Phone 616. Paris, Ky.FRANK&COlLADIES' OUTFITTERSjjfy-th Hi.y:&VJ-r'--We-Are Now ShowingOUR NMWFALL LINESmMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRLSSmMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and LadiesCOATShFRANK & CO.IUPgyrj'i.i.,HDo Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts Only24WHhRSv w - IIP 'iPfII tr w ,- ;; M jiff ;i Syiltf1.Copyright 1918 Hart Schaffn'er & MarxWalsh'sSuits andOvereats!StylesThe very newest style in Suits andOvercoats is the seam at the waistline with five-piece military back.Very stylish and a perfect-fittinggarment. Also conservative modelsin good styles.FabricsGood all-wool fabrics in Scotches,Cashmeres and Worsteds the nobbiest of patterns in new color shades.The Walsh ValuesAre SuperiorYou'll not look any further for values"if you stop here. Our goods arepriced lower than elsewhere and atvisit to our store will convince you.Suits and .OvercoatsS1S.OO to $50.00The Home of Hart Schafner & Marx and Kirchbanm Clothes"''Ftilrk :WALSH.3c,On-Price StoreAT TT-4-t ,... - ..1..J .3 4.w. vuu.u. uia, vm. .uio cuuiuty, niqi ; mowParis, Ky.rJffSg-tH fC V,.- 4 ..- ...... J t . ,JJM-lJlIi f - .- - Vl --7 l Bff?' ' ? N'5JU.I- 1 - f- ?TUESDAY, NOVEMBERS. J91S.. . . .. r r xthe bourbon Mww?jimfciiiSrJ"rn"'" ''50rJ?-a ,..PAGI UTI'-.s--tr ,-vr -- --.aZvfSX&COR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHANKSGIVING TURKEYSWe are now receiving turkeysfr the Thanksgiving market,and hope to be able to continueuntil November 16th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(nov5-4t).SERE THEY AEE: ALL BEADYtTAEPAUIINS. STOVES,RANGES. PIPE.try?e will Save you money oiutarpauhns cook stoves and ranges, stovejjifl and elbows.(It) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.s JUSTICE TO THE PRESIDENT.justice to President Woodrbw Wilson, whose matchless administrationin war and peace stands unrivalled demands that he be not rebuked at the polls to-day. Would anypatriotic Democrat or Independentvoter do so?PLENTY OF GOOD OVERCOATSAt $25, $30 and $35, made up inRtvlish models of all wool materials.' J. W. DAVIS & CO.153 is "?IN NEW POSITION.Mr. Reynolds Honican has closedhis barber shop in the Paton room,on Main street, opposite the HotelFordham, and has taken a position inthe barber shop of Mr. Joseph William Snapp, at the corner of Mainand Ninth, streets.m m iGAS HEATERS CONNECTED UPFREE OF CHARGE.Now is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO."?sa la laINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.T S TSRAINS BENEFICIAL.Rains which have fallen, here forthe past few days have replenishedponds and branches, which will furnish plenty of stock water, whichhas been at a premium for severalweeks. The rains will also be ofgreat benefit to small grain andgrass.ASSIGNED TO OVERSEAS DUTY ASTEACHER.Miss Clementine Lusby, of Paris,who attended Berea- College last year,and Chautauqu, New York, last summer, to prepare herself for instruction work in the Government schoolsfor the training of disabled and crippled soldiers, in order to make themself-supporting, has received notice ofan overseas assignment to duty asteacher, and summoned to report atonce for work in an overseas Government school.R QENGLISH GREAT COATSDouble-breasted with belted back,a good, warm coat for driving ?35to $55.J. W. "DAVIS & CO.JOS m 1DUROC HOGS BRING TOP PRICEAT MENG SALE.Forty-five Duroc hogs, consigned byMayfleld Farm, W. S. Meng and W.L. Lyon, Jr., were sold in combination sale at Tattersalls, at Lexington,Saturday, for the sum of $2,278.50,or an average of about $50. Onehundred and eighty-five dollars wasthe highest price paid at the sale andthe prices ranged from that down to$10, but $185, $102, $100 were thehigh prices. The sale was held underthe auspices of the Pure Bred LiveStock Association.CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, wThether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.1 sFOURTH LIBERT LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)KUHSING COURSE WILL BE 0FFERED AT K. U.A pre-nursing course will be offered to young women at the Universityf Kentucky, beginning January 1,according 'to an announcement madeby President Frank L. McVey.The course is being instituted atthe suggestion of the American Educational Commission and the War Department. Surgeon' General Gorgashas recently issued a call for youngwomen to take nurses' training andonly elementary courses of nothingelse. As candidates for nurses, theyWill Vip RPTit fr 9 rniHi-nrv hnsmtai forprobably a two or three months'course in intensive training.This course at the University is tomake possible the first training ofthese young nurses. The course. Dr.McVav said will 1f about 12 Wfceks.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and. Elsewhere.Miss Lilliaan Williams has returned from a ten-days stay at Martinsville, Ind.Miss Sallie Squires has taken aposition as bookkeeper with 'CharlesP. Cook & Co.Mrs. A. TT iur.,i j!. -J- . . luUiCeaa nas return."uJrma Y!sit to triends and rela-"' " Darlington.Dr. Gofkro-A f. "Do'ut., v.'u ibeen seriously ill at his home inI K h ft TOT 1 tt 4e -r.n,r:Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney arerecovering from a recent severe attack of Spanish influenza.Mrs. S. W. Gaitskill, of NorthMiddletown, has gone to Mcintosh,Florida, to spend the'winter.Mr. and Mrs. John Christmanand Miss Lula Christman are visiting relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Newton Mitchell spent theweek-end with Mrs. James L. Gay, atPisgah, in Woodford county.Mrs. Jno. Williams has returnedto her home in Switzer, Ky., after avisit to her daughter. Mrs J srHenry.Mrs. Wm. Sauer and three children, who have been ill at theirhome on Mt. Airy, are now convalescent. Judge anii Mrs. Ernest Martinhave returned from a visit to relatives in Harrodsburg and in Mercercounty.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Hash andchildren have returned to their homem Georgetown, 111., after a visit torelatives near this .city.Miss Roslyn Lowenstein and Mr-David Baer, of Louisville, are guestsof Mr. Baer's sister, Mrs. Lee Price,ana Mr. .Price, on Scott avenue.Mr. Jos. D. Crosthwaite has returned to his home in Birmingham.Ala., after a visit to his nieces, theMisses Lilleston, on Higgins avenue.Mrs. Annie Sagaser Lancasterhas accepted a position as assistantticket agent at the L. & N. nassenererstation, and has entered upon herduties.Mrs. Elva Woods Clancv. whohas been a guest of relatives andfriends in Paris- for several days, returned to her home in St. Albans,West Virginia.Mr. Buckner Clay, formerly ofParis, and now one of the most prominent attorneys in Charleston WVa., is a guest of relatives in thiscity ana county.Misses Sallie and Margaret Comack and Mrs. Thos. Maher, of Paris,were week-end guests of Mrs. Thos.F. Brannon at her home on Forrestavenue, in Lexington.Mrs. John R. McMount and son!,John R. McMount, Jr.r of Atlanta,Ga., guests of Miss Sara Daniel, arevisiting friends in Stanford and Lancaster before returning home.Mrs. J. T. Hazlerise: and littledaughter, Helen Taylor Hazlerigg,nave been moved from the MassieMemorial Hospital to the liome of hermother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, on Mt.Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Keith Phillips andson, Marion, have returned to theirhome in Atlanta, Ga., after a visit toMrs Phillips' parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Douglass, at Main and Eleventh streets.Mrs. Wm. Crawford has been sickat her home in Midway since her return from Paris, where she was called on account of the death of hernephew, Private Grover Butler, whodied of influenza at Camp Meade, Ma.Mr. Brice Leach and family, ofGlasgow, Ky., have taken rooms atthe Hotel Windsor for the winter.Mr. Leach is a prominent tobaccoman, and will be on the local tobaccomarket as buyer for the G. O. TuckCompany.Miss Ruby Mangum, of Henderson, Ky., formerly of Paris, is a guestof Miss Patsy Clark. Miss Mangumis a sister of Rev. .0. R. Mangum, torseveral years pastor of the PaiisBaptist church, and now located atHenderson.Mr. Frederick Wallis, who hasbeen, a guest of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, on Pleasant street, returned to New York, Friday. Mrs.Wallis remained for a longer visit,and will return to New York inabout three weeks.tfr. Timothy Shea, formerly ofParis, has been here several days asa guest of friends. Mr. Shea sinceleaving-Paris several years ago, hasbeen car inspector for the Louisville& Nashville, and stationed at Winchester, later at Ravenna, on the L.& E., and is now at Richmond.The exodus of Bourbonites tothe sunny clime of Florida has begun. Mr. W. H. McMillan and Mr.and Mrs. Ge6. C. Thompson will leaveto-morrow for a winter's stay at St.Petersburg, Fla. Col. and Mrs. E. F..Clay are already established in theirwinter home at Eustis, Fla., and alarge number of "regulars" are making their preparations for the annualSouthern pilgrimage.Teddy Templin and Dan Ken- J JJJ.CUJT, TV1XU iXU. UttU J1 UiHi iwwi,and flax ra-nche of E. F. Spears &Sons, In Saskatchewan, Canada, returned Saturday to remain duringthe winter. Mr. Templin reported theinfluenza situation in Canada as being serious. In one town, Regina,there were over five hundred cases.The temperature had reached thezero mark several times before theirteturn to ParisvIMPORTANT NOTICE tt) KEMBEBSK OF P. LODGE.To the delinquent members of theKnights of Pythias Order: There isa great epidemic known as the "flu"raging in our community and thecountry at large, that playing havocamong our members, and in orderfor the lodge to fulfill its obligations to its members, the membersmust keen eir financial obligationwith the lodge."Therefore it behooves all membersthat are in arrears and otherwise, topay up their dues to January 1,Then the lodge will be jn ample position to take care of its membersthrough this epidemic. Now, brothers, if you care anything for the order, or for your sick brothers "thatthis "flu" epidemic has carried intothe great boyond, you will gladly respond to the call of your Master ofFinance who is not asking you to giveanything, but only to pay what youowe to the lodge, which will only bethe fulfillment of one of the solemnobligations you took when you becajme a member of the order.Yours Fraternally,J. K. CAHAL,Master of Finance.COAL HEATERS-lFUEL SAVERS.NOW'S THE TIME TO BUY.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., received a message stating that hismother, who "had been seriously illfor some time, showed, signs of improvement. Mrs. Wilcox, who is inher eighty-third year, Is at her homein Brooklyn, N. Yh Qn account oft flnAnv9 eifna:ffrvn. .'Mr? Wflcoyw.e Hviepd hv nhvsici&ns not to un-iFor the, best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it sav6s fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.T3 lINDORSE WILSON TO-DAY!To indorse "or not to indorse with,your vote to-day the magnificent administration of President WoodrowWilson. That's the question. In theinterest of the whole country, go tothe polls to-day and cast your votefor Stanley and Cantrill.The FairIS WHERE YOU SAVE YOU NOTONLY SAVE MONEY BY SHOPPING HEBE, BUT YOU . SAVETIME AS WELL.Talcum Powder, 1 pound box, 8c.Hand or .nail brushes, 3 for 5c.Waxed, paper, large size sheets, 24sheets for 5c,Safety pins, all sizes, 3c dozen.Pure white garnite pudding pans,25c size, at 19c.Jet oil shoe dressing, 10 c.Duplex window shades, green onone side and white on the other side,heavy quality, 3 foot wide, 6 footlong, each 69c; same quality 42inches wide, 6 foot long, each. 79c,white only.Our annual clean-up sale of roomlots of wall paper, enough for. mostall size rooms, with ceilings and border to match, will be sold at justabout half of original prices.Flower pots, cuspidors, granite teaand coffee pots, dinner sets, cups andsaucers, tea kettles; salts and peppers2c each. ,These prices go into effect Thursday. Some of the lots are limited,and prices are unusually low.Be sure to come.THE FAIR.!WINDOWuiiLargestStockinCentralKentucky!GlazingPromplyAttended ToBath PhnsWe Sell Dependable Merchandise for LessThan Any Other House, But for Cash OnlyA THREE-DAYS SALE OFiiWomen's SuitsRegular $32.50, $35.00, $37.50 and $39.50 ValuesYourChoice$24.75Extra 'SpecialOn Sale Thursday, Friday andSaturday, Nov. 7, 8 and 9, ONLYRight at the time when cold weather is beginningi comes this special offering of suits. Superb models inthe latest and most fashionable styles. All the mostwanted fabrics and colors are here represented. Makeyour selection while you have the chance, as these priceswill make these suits go quickly.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, LEXINGTON, KY.THE DAYLIGHT STOREUSESggjgTjvEvery mother or father, or if none, nearest relative, isentitled to one of our largeRAND-McNALLYMAPSABSOLUTELYFREEvBy simply giving us their address and calling For manOthers may secure this big. War Map fcy giving us theirauaress, paying iv cenis ana calling tor man. WPWANT ONE IN EVERY HOME! :SeeiThem in Our Windowr-.THE J. T HIMON OftM0T0RHEARSE: MOTOR INVALID CpACH : DNpklN0EITMEKPHONE" 36 SIXTH aiwK . ' 'IKIXIXIXIXIX.IXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXXIXIXIifciiHOnly 30 girls can take the course.at.dcrtakt trijp to ,Ue motfcr'8 bed-. i VIthe same time, it was amaouacea.iae. ...iTHE BOUBBON WEWS, PAMS. KT.TCHHSDAT, AUT1MJM3F?, If Ifmm "'v ' - : . . xr- -Trz& k !!sa--.jSfcgfab l g- r- ' Tr'THEa" iTH1"!! ' TV .I IB ..,.. ir.rr . ', Mr . rfTlMPmyr I,Tt ,t. ,, lit III A I If f fl, Vrfuf-ff".. It?' y 1 1 H , l MifTii Hail ii i i BSBaHBMWWMMaBWB5.tMBBWBPgill Til l... aFt.1-,1i - est!:4Iv4-V"riWhatshall hecarry to Your Boytonightout then in No-Man's LandOr)OUT in the openacrosstheborderofNo-jMan's Land, the Soldiers of Cheer aregoing, tonight In their packs they are carrying the comforts which your fighter wants. Intheir hearts they are carrying a message of cheer andhope,Tothemost advanced positions they are crawlingwith those little things which loom up big in Francetheir bars of chocolate, their cigarettes, their rolls ofcookies and cans of fruit Yes, and sometimes, lettersfrom home!Under the very eyes of German snipers they arecrossing open fields, dropping flat to the ground aseach flare goes up, then creeping further forward.raThese men need smokes much more than whatwe give them," say the surgeons.When daylight comes the wounded will be streaming back. The cigarettes and chocolate may be nearlygone given away. But your money will replace them..Meanwhile these men will say: "Put us to work!"The surgeons will give them the ann-bands of thearmy's stretcher-bearers.Then up beyond the front lines they will go, tobring back those too badly hit to walk.Once, twice, three or four times they will makethe. trip before they too are hitWhereyer there are fighters, the Soldiers of Cheerhave their canteens, scores of them under shell fire.Soon they will reach the gun-nests where a handful" of fighters will whisper. "Gqod for you, old boy!.What. would we"do without you?Throughout the daysthey serve the crowd a.mile or so behind thepacks on their backs,Off in another sectoran advance will begin atdawn. In the thick of itwill be these men perhapsof the Knights pf Columbusor Y. M. C. A, perhaps- theJewish Welfare Board orSalvation Army.Whatever uniformthey wear, the hot chocolatewhich they serve tastesjustas warm and comforting.The cigarettes they lightand hand the wounded willbe as good first aidWhy you should give twice as; muchas you ever gave before !The need is for a sum 70$ greater than any gift ever asked forsince the world began. The Government has fixed this sum at $170,500,000.By giving tot these seven organizations all at once, the cost andeffort of six additional campaigns is saved.Unless Americans do give twice as much as ever before, our soldiersand sailors may not enjoy during 1919 their:3600 Recreation Buildings 2500 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books1000 Miles of Movie Film 85 Hostess Houses100 Leading Stage Stars 15,000 Big-brother "secretaries"2000 Athletic Directors Millions of dollars of home comforts .When you give double, you make sure that every fighter lias thecheer and comforts of these seven organizations every step of the wayfrom home to the front and back again. You provide him with a church,a theatre, a cheerful home, a store, a school, a club and an athletic fieldand a knowledge that the folks back home are with him, heart and soul!You have loaned your money to supply their physical needs.Now give to maintain the Morale mat is winning the warlines. At night they go forward,to reach the men who occupythe outpqsts of civilization.When the order comesto go over the top, they follow too. .Wherever thetroops go, there go thesemen who serve.No wonder their namesare in the casualty lsts. Nowonder they are cited Nowonder the fighters electthem honorary membersof their outfits.Keep the supplies coming! Help the Soldiers ofCheer to help your fighters!Give now all together!,1LiUNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNu j '; Hi ' ,--'-I'TuftifcfriVLv . t m' a j y W W MM1 r'Gt i ' r? J--'Xxtw I A . .. .o- V-y. nc.it v,w.c a,' tMAtt-cxmouc WAJtCOUMdL-lCWCjmvnut wsurjjtjtWAKCAMFoOMMUNirv iuevies-AMBMCAH LttlUJttThis spcc1l tAtVAWOW AHMT MT I tSS fHfC' Km S9 ff HV !F '"'-'' ? "" '"" - "" .-' "Sat"' v v -qt1 1 ,contHbuted to the Winning of the War by Patriotic Citizemi ofPrk- sUi::3n;- ;jtF'U l! .1rvrITUESDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1918ME BOUBBOH MEJS, PAMS, XHTUCKY.A"- i ? VJ. ..PA&BSEVIff5hNoJndigestion! Stomach FeelsNo Acidity, Gas, Souring,Bfelching gas, food souring instomach, lumps of pain from indigestion and all distress from anupset stomach stops instantly. Yes !At once!No more stomach-headache.Never any indigestion, pain.Pape's Diapepsin not only relieves bad stomachs but it strengthens weak -stomachs. Splendid!Costs little Any drug store.Fine!DyspepsiaUPSETS?DiapepsinWILL PUT YOUONYOURrEETBED CEOSS STATES DESPERATENEED FOR NURSES.Refusal of piore populous citiesand towns to allow their nursesto go outside their own communitiesto nurse influenza cases has createda serious problem for the Red CrossDepartment of Nursing, it was stated ,Saturday by James L. Fiester, chairman of the Lake Division Red CrossCommittee on Influenza. -"The need for nurses in smallercommunities, particularly in the legions of Kentucky and Ohio, is nothing short of desperate," Mrs. Fiestersaid."The Public, although fllar-mprfwet cue muuenza situation, apparently has not fully appreciated that, the epidemic has reached the proportions of a national disaster and that'added nursing resources will go along way toward keeping down thedeath, rolls."Mr. Fieser also pointed out that adeplorable lack of nurses in the coalmining regions is causing the FuelAdministration a great deal of alarm,as a number of (mines are seriouslycrippled, due to the large number ofinfluenza cases and subsequent pneumonia deaths."The more populous communitieswhich depend on the mining populartion for their coal, should see the immediate necessity of giving up a fewnurses to helD the miners." aavs Mr'Dr. Edwards' Ulive lablets do that Fieser. "We should hin the nurses7hich calomel does, and just as effectively, and their employers to realize that in-P!MP1Y?WEL1J,D0N'T BE!People Notice It Drive Them Offwith Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsA pimply face will not embarrass yonnmch longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbegin to clear after you have taken thetablets a few nights.Cleanse the blood,the bowels and thelivertrith Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the successful substitute for calomel; there's neverany sickness or pain after taking them.but their action is gentle and safe insteadof severe and irritating.No one who takes .Olive Tablets isever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets area purely vegetable compound mixedwith olive oil; you will knew themby their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with fiver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective result.Take one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look2fc and 25c per box. All druggists.2E3a'rgBest Canned Soupsper can 10cScudders Maple Syrupper half gal $ 1 .24Pancake Flourper package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck ,...90cNew Mince Meatper package 1 2cThis mince meat .is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure Fruit Preserves.nuenza work is a real war service."Nurses, male and practical, as -vfellas graduates, should" report at onceto their local Red Cross chapter andj should not leave their respective communities unless authorized to do so.The Division' Committee on Influ-(enza asks the public:1. To put automobiles at the service of the Red Cross in order thatthey can minister to a large numberof cases.2. To give nurses all the help theyj can and to leave to thepi only the di-lecuon oi caring lor muuenza.3. To refuse to permit one patientor even several to absorb all the timeof a skilled nurse. v4. To make full use of all strong-, women who have had even the briefest nursing course or experieuue.- BB IHi tiaOne Russian product that the Kaiser does not care to have brought tom Germany is the method of disposingof (members of the royal family.MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court House I8Set! F.g Ttrwn' fe.,ErfflifegHELPFULTHE DEMAND FORTRIED WOMENBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand."We court a thorough investigation. Send for free Booklet, "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day ,or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone orfull information.call at school forMargolen'sSANITARMeat MarketFugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 iL Tinner St.. Second Hoor,Lexington. Ky.Specials for Friday jDo You Needand Saturdaysf 10, 15 and 20-pound bucketspure home-renderedLARD27c per poundLEAN COUNTRYBACON35c per poundMftRGOLEN'Sanitary Meat MarketGlasses?Let us make a tnorougn, scientificexamination of your eyes, based on-ethical .grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need tnem. askyourself these questions: "Do I have.headaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?'Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.LAT02TCA PROGRAM TO BE CAR1 ;RIE3) oto-General Manager Hachme'ister, ofthe Latonia Jockey Club, has announced that when the fall racemeeting at-Latonia gets under ayimmediately the-' influenza restrictionsare removed by the health authorities, which it has been unofficially intimated will take place this week, allstakes scheduled for decision duringthe meeting which has been repeatedly postponed on account of the influenza epidemic, will be run m the order in which they were originally announced. This means that the Latonia Inaugural Handicap of $3,000 added,for three-year-olds and over, will bethe special feature of the openingdaycard and that it will be followedby the other stakes at intervals during the meeting in the order statedbelow:Fort Thomas Handicap, $3,000 added, for two-year-olds.Gibson Hotel Special, $2,000, fortwo-year-olds.Autumn Selling Stakes, $2,000 added, for three-year-olds and over.Sinton Hotel Special, $2,000 added,for three-year-olds and over.Queen City Handicap, $5,000 added, for two-year-olds.Latonia Cup", $7,500 added, forthree-year-olds and over.Manager Hachmeister also announced that the conditions of theraces for the first six days of themeeting, as outlined in the programbook originally issued, would standand notices was issued to horsemenadvising them to keep their horses insuch a condition of training as to beready to fill their engegements onshort notice, as no time will be lostafter the ban is lifted in launching1the meeting.SPRAINS! RUB PAINSAND SWELLINGS AWAYDon't Suffer! Go About Your Duties.Belief Comes the Moment YouApply "St. Jacobs Liniment."Don't stay crippled! Rub thissoothing, penetrating liniment rightinto the sprain, ache or strain, andout comes pain, soreness, stiffnessand swelling.Nothing else penetrates, heals andstrengthens the injured muscles,nerves, tendons and ligaments sopromptly. It doesn't burn or discolor the skin and can not cause injury. Don't suffer! Get a trial bottle from any drug store now limberup! Rub the misery right out. A(moment after "St. Jacobs Liniment"is applied you can not feel the slightest pain or soreness, and you can goabout your regular duties."St. Jacobs Liniment" conquerspain. It has been used effectively forsprains, strains, soreness and stiffness for 60 yeares six gold medalawards. (adv)CHIEF OF CABINET ASKS THEKAISER TO ABDICATE.LONDON, November' 4. Dr. Delbruck, chief of the German, privycivil cabinet, has left Berlin for thefront on an important mission andit is generally supposed that he willpresent the decree of abdication ofthe Kaiser, said an Exchange telegraph dispatch from Copenhagen.Jffl 5 TGiA CHILD'S TONGUESHOWS IP LIVER ORBOWELS ARE ACTIVEIf Cross, Feverisb, Sick, Bilious,Give Fruit Laxativeat Once.Every mother realizes, after givingher children "California Syrup ofFigs," that this is their ideal laxative, because they love its pleasaattaste and it thoroughly cleanses thetender little stomach, liver and bowels without griping.When cross, irritable, feverish orbreath is bad, stomach sour, look atthe tongue, mother! If coated, give ateaspoonful of this harmless "fruitlaxative," and in a,few hours all thefoul, constipated waete, sour bile andundigested waste, passes out of bowels, and you have a well, playful childagain. When its little stomach is fullof cold, throat sore, has stomachache, diarrhoea, indigestion, colicrremember, a good "inside cleansing"should always be the first treatmentgiven.Millions of mothers keep "California Syrup of Figs" handy; they knowa teaspoonful to-day saves a sickchild to-morrow. Ask your druggistfor a bottle of "California Syrup ofFigs," which has direction for babies,children of all ages and grown-upsprinted on the bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here, so don't befooled. Get the genuine, made by"California Fig Syrup Company." ,'(ad)1RI Hi WiThe dyspeptic's warning is, looknot upon the wine when it is red, norupon the broiled live lobster.w tsa mCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDY.RED CROSS GRENADES."Let walnut timber shipmentskeep pace with the government's military program," is the appeal printedon "enrollment blanks" recently circulated in the Indiana walnut belt bythe Hartford County Chapter of theRed Cross. Government minimum andmaximum prices for walnut logs andfor standing timber are quoted on theblanks."I drive around to six hospitalsregularly and visit hundreds of theAmerican wounded every day," saysRev. John S. Banks, rector of AllSaints church, Cleveland, now a RedCross chaplain in Paris, in a letter toRev. L. S. Sunderland."I have six regular services andfrom six to ten short services everySunday."I conduct Protestant funeralsdaily and write to all the familieswhose friends I bury. I am sometimesup all night meeting the convoys. Itis a privilege to be here with theboys; they are so patient and soanxious to get back to the lines."Pa fte IKS ,GREATLY BENEFITED BY CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I am thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago when Ibegan taking thepiLwas suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache and a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tablets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two bottles of them my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N. Y.(adv-nov)JMmMwm.iFace PowderIt clinzs to skinstavs on. "Removes all shine. Enhances natural beauty with velvety smoothness. Tint for every complexion.Exquisite fragrance. The powder that is different amazinglybetter. Try it and see,M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 MainAetna-AutoCombination Policies'Protect Against,' Fire 'TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesX, J. FEEAGBNTIDo not imagine that because othercough medicines failed to give yourelief that it will he the same withChamberlain's f!rme-h Ppmpdv Pmtin mind that from a small beginningthis remedy has gained a world widereputation and immense sale. Amedicine (must have exceptional meritto win esteem wherever it becomesknown.(adv-nov)tei sMany a true, word is spoken in jest,but that doesnt, alter the fact thatmost lie are told in dead earnestSLEEP AND BEST.One of the most common causes ofinsomnia and restlessness is indigestion. Take one of Cliamberlain'sTablets immediately after supper andsee if you do not rest better and sleepbetter. They only cost a quarter.i (adv-nov)fel MTto, Don't give a man a chance to tellhis troubles. Get-tbe jump on Aim bytelling yours first. ' 'BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co., JRhone 3763sNo Mysteryin MeatSome things are so simplethat they have to be .explainedagain and again. When thingsare obvious, people keep lookingfor .mysteries behind them.So it is with the 'packing business. The mere size of Swift& Company confuses many.Because their imaginations arenot geared up to scale, they believe there must be magic in itsomewhere some weird power.- Swift & Company is just like anyother manufacturing business run byhuman beings like yourself; it takes in 'raw material on the one hand and turnsout a finished product on the other.Swift & Company keeps down thespread," or the expense absorbed between raw and finished material, to aslow a figure as possible. (If it didn'tit would be put out of business byothers who do.)How much Swift & Company paysfor the raw material, and how muchit gets for the finished product, dependsupon conditions which Swift &Company does not control.It depends entirely upon how muchpeop want the finished product, andhow much raw material there is available to make it from.The profits of Swift & Companyamount to less man one cent per poundon all meats and by-products less thanone-fourth of a cent on beef.'"ivvvKeep Your PledgeMakt Good lor OurFigbbngMjBUT WAR - SAVINGSSTAMPSftSwift & Company, U.S.AiBRIGHTER.EVENINGS&r ZJNothiner adds to ht nfnoam.oaof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectricityTor LightingIt's the only satisfactory way.Use SasTor Ming and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris StudioAlbert d'ScheuHaberstroTeacher of VoiceSTUDIO "Mrs. Frank Fithian's Residence.In studio Satnrdnvc nf aankv.week, beginning October 26th? ' ,For information addressMiss Anna Chandler GoffDirectorLexington College of MusicLexington, KyTREES!We grow a complete,-sortment of Fruit and Shade-- Uwji. w x uii. ana onaaePar;s Gas & Electric Co. Jrce' ?1rub1?' Vm Ro?' ,Ttn Perenn,al, Evergreen., A(Incorporated)grrvcw3gi,fcargwi.CAHAL B&6&BARBER SHOPnaraoiiv in i out, jcj very wiHi cr tor ' 'rlY1rl T n-rr J S "A J"-yiwwu, uowu ana irmr- JUden." FRUJE CATALOG." ' i U D IIMI . - a rt jPrompt and Conrteow Attwrr i "rniClimeyeOCa01S 7&'Prtxoi Lexington, Ky.-iqrAHBCOLBBATI K ,N AGENTS? J,friliItnmi-7 K..;" jC,,1Ml,vv r-r;"?TrV'1i'-"-44- -' ' JAGZ UGHT-"nnflsgTORt - -isti&JX"THE BOURBON NEWS, PA&te, It.totsdix tfdriMBiHM, insiiuuiV1 i:Ii,t !; ;MILLERSBURG 'rxtwaMl' '':v r . tLieut Klchard Huffman, ofl D'eJARNETT ROGERS.Camjp Sill, Okla., is at home .oru.a ; . Miss Lilian DeJarnett, daugh.week's furlough. iter of Mr. and Sirs. Jno. W. DeJar-Masters Williajni and Hart Miller nett, of Parte, add. Mr. Evan C. Rogleft Mo-nday for a few days visit to ers, of Danville, secured license inrelatives at Paris. . ; Winchester, and .were married at theMrs. Samuel McClure, of Gar- home of the. officfatng minister, Rrv.lisle, is the guest of her daughter, J. W. McNeill, pastor of the WinMrs. Gano Duncan. i Chester Christian "church. Mr. andElection day here to-day. An.ef-Mrs. Rogers will make their tempolort is being (made to get a good vote rary hopne in Danville,out. Stanley will go over the top County Clerk Pearce Paton has.sy. I issued marriage licenses to the fol-Mrs.- JT. D.. Jones was taken to lowing: Win. S. Rose and Mrs. SalSt. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for lie Steagall, David Jefferson and Mrs.treatment, She is reported as doing , Mary Lacy Gaunce.nicely., , hhmMr. Jos. A. Parris and family, TO','11 - 4. J : ts- l "win ui,yyi; wuiy Arum nis larui re-Mr.NURSES AND OTHER REDCROSS WORKERS.caeLtly sold, to the property of. Roy Endicott, recently vacated.i. Mrs. Emma Reynolds left Satur' day. for the bedside of her daughter,: Mrs. G. C. Watkins, at London, Ky.,who is ill with Spanish influenza,The all-day meeting of theLadies' Aid Society scheduled to heIield at the Jbiopie of Mrs. John Marr,to-morrow,, has been indefinitely, postponed on account of the influenzasituation..LMrs. R. L. Btiffington, who hasbeen1 with' her sister, Mrs. W. M. Mil-' Ier for several weeks, was called to; Huntington, W. Va., Saturday, on ac-. count of the illness of her husband,who has Spanish influenza.The Spanish influenza seems tohe practically under control here.. Mr. Arthur Robertson and twomembers of the Hamm family, the' latter of Judyville; are the only cases;. -reported. All of: the old ones are' ipiproving.Mr. Glenn. Shanklin, of this city,has successfully passed the physicalexamination for admission to the Offl-cers? Training Camp at Camp Fre-mont;-in California, where he willwork for a commission as lieutenantin the infantry.Hallowe'en passed off quietlyliere "with the exception of a distur-! Dance By some of the town boys atthe- Mt M. I., in which it is said The office of the Tax CommissionersBad language was freely indulged in j in the court house will be closedand a gun fired. Col. Best ordered ' frcjm this date. The undersigned. out a possee of cadets and the town , Commissioner, may be found at the"boyn were run down, there being six office of The Bourbon Realty Co.,of -them. It is said that the same which firm he has associated himrowd, with other, also created sopne ' self with, being a partner with Mr.disturbance at the M. C. j Ossian Edwards. Those who have: v Mr. Earl Insko, aged twenty-! not listed their taxes, especiallyff?L, a well-known citizen of this poll tax, may do so with him at the' Tf diei at his home on Trigg ave- above named place.' 21h -at ten o'clock yesterday morn-' All property for sale, for rent,ikg after a two-weeks' illness due to both town and country, is solicitedSpanish influenza. Mr. Insko was a by this new firm. List your propertyson, of Mr. and Mrs. C. O. Insko, and , with the Bourbon Realty Co., and it1 All colds, however slight,should be treated as possible attacksof influenza. Patients affected bycolds should stay at home and sterilize discharges from nose and throat.2 Avoid feeling or spreading fearof the disease.3pAvoid crowds.4 Regulate bodily functions andkeep them so.5 Avoid the breath or expelled secretions from people suffering fromcolds.6 Wash out the nose and throattwo or three times daily by a nasalspray or douche and by a gargle witha "normal salt solution" (one-halfteaspoonful salt to one glass (8ounces) clean water).7 All those in attendance on patients with influenza should wearmasks such as are provided by theRed Cross Nursing Bureau.8 Clothing should be warm anddry. Food simple and easily digested. Drink water freely.WM. R. LINCOLN,Medical Adviser.fe fe 1TAX" COMMISSIONER MOVESOFFICE NEW REAL ES-STATE FIRM.POPULAR PARIS BOY TO ASSUMENEW POSITION.mis "' '' : " ' ' ::. . .-...At a meeting of the; I&&ciitiyeCommittee of the Sunday SchoolBoard of the Kentucky ConferenceMethodist Church, held in Lexington,Friday, the Board tendered'- to Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, the posirtion of Field Secretary. ""Mr. J&nappaccepted and will assume thfe dutiesof his new position about the first; of.the year. ' ' 'The work which Mr." Snapp' willtake up is one that calls for a? greatdeal of executive ability, and irif making him their choice, -the Boafii act-led wisely. He has been connectedwith the Paris Kentuckia-n-Citizenfor the past fifteen years, and provedhis worth in every capacity to which,he devoted his talents. He is a youngman of fine character, and' for severalyears has taken a leading part inthe work of the local church. He will'continue in his position as Presidentof the State Ep worth-League' Theposition which Mr. Snapp will assumecarries with it a substantial salary,with expenses, and will admit ofgreat possibilities for good Mr.Snapp will bring to his position3'outh, energy, and capacity, and inthe light of past performance of duty,he is bound to jmake good.?a isi .SLAYERS OF POLICEMAN HELDTO CIRCUIT COURT. f-Henry Murphy and Porter Ennis,charged with the murder of Policeman Preston Pullen, in Lexington,last week, waived examining trial before Judge F. A. Bullock, in Lexington Saturday morning and were heldover to the Fayette Circuit Courtwithout bond.The funeral of the slain officers-washeld at nine o'clock, Sunday morning,with services conducted at the gravein the Georgetown Cemetery, by Rev.I. J. Spencer, of Lexington. Thefuneral party left the home ofthisdaughter, Mrs. R.. H. Cooper, in Lexington, and proceeded in autos toGeorgetown. The pall-hearers . were,were J. T. Looney, Wm. Sartin," B. J.Baker, R. H. Cropper, Harry W.Stough and Jas.. Stevens. ,was one of a family of six children.Hte twin sister, Mrs. C. B. Mastin,Preceded hijm to the grave about threeyears ago. Mr. Insko was a plumberpy" occupation, and was in the employof .jL S. Best Hardware Co. LastSettcmber he purchased the businessand stock of Mr. G. L. Hill, which heconducted to the time of his illness.He was married five years ago to MissLu.cJ' Robertson, and to this unionone son, Earl Innis Insko, was born.Mn Insko is survived by his mother,Mrs. C. O. Insko, two brothers, Mr.Win. Insko and Mr. Charles Insko,the latter of Paris, two sisters, Mrs.Bruce" McMahan and Mrs. ArnoldCase, both of this city. The funeral"wilL be held at four o'clock this'(Tuesday) afternoon, with a shortservice conducted at the grave in theiftllersburg Cemetery, Jiy his pastor,Rev. J. "W. Gardner.will have the best attention. Theyhave a nupnber of good farms andsome desirable city property bothfor rent and for sale now in theirhands. Reasonable commissions andfair dealing is assured.WALTER CLAKIC,Tax Commissioner Bourbon Co.(It)CHANGE OF LOCATION.Mr. Emmett Edwards, for severalyears connected with the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., as an expertmechanic, has resigned his positionthere and has accepted a similar onewith the Paris Milling Company. Mr.Edwards will have charge of the autorepairing and the care of the ParisMilling Cos motor'trucks and automobiles and in other lines of mechanical work.IK!vm to mREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONSINSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO .AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your 'policiesand let us have some off your renewalsVERKES & PEEDAt Partners & Traders Bank. . -, .r- . - .'. ...;!rT.-Coal is $80 a ton in yourboy's village this winter,u !fVft&JfIIHIIIIHIIHHMHHllHnmnilHIHllMIMMjaHMThe J. TV Hinton Co. II- UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSParis Ky.MlnmmI SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . . 56or Home 286Metor equipment..,:. Ambulance calls promptly attended to with .' Umauslne Invalid Coach.:.'Hearst used ffer funeral purposes only.With prohibition in California there'""" ""MMIMM, ,,,,,, HMMMMMMMM,,; JSrtX SieTer?The C. U. Brajmblette Real EstateAgency, of Carlisle, reports the 'saleof a farm in Bourbon county, to -Mr.Bart Wilson, for the sum of $30,000.Mr. Gus Aldridge of near Winchester, sold to Mr. A. J.' Snapp, of NorthMiddletown, the farm known as -"theHoskins place, in Clark county, hear,Winchester, for $12,500. Possession,will be given in March. 9Mr. Charles H. Jones, of this county, recently purchased of H. P. Davis,of Fayette county, a farm of 113acres, located on the Millville pike,in Woodford county, for $225 peracre. Mr. Jones will get possessionin March.Mr, Lee Penn sold last week to Mr.Will H. Whaley, of Paris, his farmof 136 acres, located on the Bethlehem pike, three miles from Paris, adjoining the lands of Chas. V. Higginsand Jonas Weil, for $175 per acre,or an aggregate of $23,800. 'Mr.Whaley will be given possession ofthe property in March.Auctioneer M. "P. Kenney sold:, atthe court house door yesterday forMaster Commissioner O. T. Hinton,the Wilson property, near Coulthard'sMill, on Stoner Creek, in this county,to D. E. Wilson, for $400.5 fe 163TEACHERS ARE ASSURED OP GETTING SALARIES.V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendentof Schools, states that all teacherswhose schools had been closed on account of the influenza, would be paidfor the time that the school 'wasclosed unless they made a contract tothe contrary. A similar statementwas made by Superintendent Gilberta week ago, but it has not been understood by the teachers, and hundreds of letters are piling up on-, thedesk of the Superintendent askingfor information. He has obtained awritten opinion from the AttorneyGeneral that section 4448 of the Kentucky Statutes apply, and that inevery instance unless that teacherhas made a contract to the contrary,the salary will be paid for the timethe school is closed on account ofinfluenza.i tei 3 iWINCHESTER HAS ITS UGHTINGTROUBLES. TOO!In accordance with an announcement made recently by the KentuckyUtilities Company, the street, lightswere turned off in Winchester, Saturday night and the city was indarkness. This action was taken bythe company following the refusal ofthe city council to pay for the serriricefor the last two months, the fbityclaiming that the company failed- tocomply with its contract.. Suit ;wasrecently filed by the city for about$25,000, which amount, it is claimed,was overpaid the company.TDERHAPS he is billeted in a barn, or even a henA coop. There is snow on the ground, and the mudfreezes hard to his boots. In all the village there is justone place where he can dry and warm his hutYou are thinking about your own coal problemhere at home. But what would you do if there was. only one place in town where you could find a fire?That's your boy's fuel problem for the coming months.Are you going to keep the hut fires burning?UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAlGfTW.MnMHHiThis space contributed to the Winning of the Warby Patriotic Paris Citizens.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.fCollector of Internal Revenue Elwood Hamilton, of the Seventh -District,has announced the assignmentof storekeepers and guagers for' November. In the assignments Bourbon county gets the following: ''No. 77 Julius Kessler Co., ParisJohn A. Logan, storekeeper-gaugerin charge; L. H. Paxton, additional.EARLY CLOSING HOURS ARE BEING CONSIDERED. -;In response to a letter from Mr. J.Harry Allen, of "Winchester, in regardto the early closing of stores, toMr.George B. Huber, Administrativengineer and Chief of the Fuel Conservation Division for Kentucky, w thelatter stated that the matter of ilniform closing hours for business houses all over the State is now underconsideration for action by the Kentucky State Council of Defense: - Hegave assurance that the plan 'washeartily endorsed byHhe Fuel AdminQuick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.The most b t a u t i ff u Iful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots Inall sizes and widths atBARGAINPRICESMEN'S TANHIGH CUTS$5.00 Values ati t-m-Lfl ll I" If1. IfTu I iMl' wI Ir ii" -aI i Ifb&-6irra,!:asg!$349SpecialWhileLastThey1 . j A'VIDon't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now !Ladies' .Dark Grey Boots, Turns, fce OEcustom made, at.--..-..,.:-'.r;.'.-..Ot0Ladies' Mahogany Tan "English e fABoots, calf tops, at .O.UULadies' Mahogany Tan English CO QCBoots, cloth tops to match, at..C..P0.570.Ladies' Gun Metal English Boots qo ACkwing tip, low .heel, at.....:. yOStVLadies' Gun Metal, button, ACklow heel, at , tP-&.K7Men's Dark Tan English bench ee finmade, at $0DUMen's Tan English, Beat Makes, a eat. ......$4.50Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over, eo vfldEnglish.. :.$0.49Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a ntiing Shoes, heavy flexible soles KUUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes tfjo aqDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign'yawt'-nB .' MMIII-Ill::III!i11I;Mf; ;,r -ii;-;Hi",1-tN VX?at- Sran Vfr;r "T5n"