1 vsrwy -a;sK PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY, pf THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1911jflr"zw&XKIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Clarence Wiialey, of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, wasat home Sunday from Camp Zaehar.vTaylor, on a visit to relatives.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood has as guest his brother,Mr. Robert L. Caywood, who is amember of the auto-anibulance corps,stationed at Camp Sherman, nearChillecothe, Ohio.John Bedford Reed, a grandson ofMr. John C. Bedford, of Paris, whohas been visiting relatives in thiscounty, has returned to Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., to rejoin hisregiment. Private Reed, while here,celebrated his twenty-second birthday, being entertained with a dicing..Charles Tackett, of Paris, who isnow on the waiting list at Ft.Thomas, was here Saturday a-nd Sunday on a visit to his parents, Mr.aad Mrs. C. D. Tackett, of Seconistreet. Clifton Arnsparger, who enlisted at the same tinie, has been sentto Camp Hamilton, New York, whereho will enter the service at once.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. V. Higgiushave returned from Camp ZacharyTaylor, where they visited their son,Frank Higgins, who is a member ofthe Bourbon county contingent. Mr.Higgins is a patient in the BaseHospital at Camp Taylor, where herecently underwent an operation foran affection of the ear. He is reported as v being considerably improved. Promotion, to the rank of Firt"Sergeant came in short order to Mr.Willis Jacoby, of Paris, who is amember of the Bourbon countySquad at the Vocational TrainingSchool, in Indianapolis, Ind. Thopromotion is a well-merited one.Mr. Jacoby is one of the best-likedmembers of the delegation." Blkin Dalzell, of Little Rock, amember of the guard on duty in thePhiladelphia Navy Yard, died therelast week from the effects of anoperation. The body was shipped toParis, reaching here Saturday. Dalsell was very popular with his associates on account of his joval disposition. He was a son of Mr. C. W.Dalzell, of Little Rock.Mr Clyde Huffman, of the R. P.Yalsh store, received a telegramSunday stating that his brother, Mr.Vance Huffman, who is in the U. S.service at Camp Shelby, near Hattieoburg, Miss.,. had been kicked in theabdomen by a mule, and that he wasin a critical condition. Mr. Huffman's father, Mr. W. J. Huffman, ofCovington, left Sunday for CampShelby. Mr. Clyde Huffman went toCovington to remain with his motherand sister in the absence of his father. Vance Huffman formerly resided in Paris. He enlisted in theservice while working in a munition factory at Dayton, O., and wasone of the first to reach Camp Shelby.iJohn R. Sharp, Jr., of Mt. Sterling,well-known in Paris and Bourboncounty, died Saturday of pneumonia,at Camp McPherson, near Atlanta,Ga. He was a son of John R. Sharp,prominent Montgomery county farmer, was twenty-six years old and hadbeen in the service several months.The body was sent to Mt. Sterling,where it will be interred with military honors. JMr. R. P. (Rick) Thomas, formerlyof Paris, has just finished the threemonths' training in the Officers Reserve Corps at Leon Springs, Texas.Mr. Thomas was a candidate for acommission in the artillery serviceand has been notified that he hasbeen placed on the eligible list. Mr.Thomas is visiting relatives in Mt.Sterling.Rev. J6. W. Crates, of Carlisle, received a message announcing thathis nephew, "Harold Crates, agednineteen, had been killed in actionon the Western front in France.Young Crates went to Canada, wherehe volunteered for service in tfcaBritish army, and went to Franc?in January, 1918.m 0One of the Bourbon county boysat the Vocational Training Camp, inIndianapolis, sends in the followingclipping from the Indianapolis Daily'News, which shows it is dangerousto fool with a real live Kentuckian:"The band of drafted men, whoarrived at the Metropole Hotel tostart training to whip the Kaiser,got busy training, quickly. Theystarted in on a negro porter at the"hrvti tVip -neero. when last seen,was leaving the vicinity o"f 'the hotel Jils pocket ana awith "his pay in.ot,W1 avnrAoaimi HTI MS faCfc. TllC. - - -i v-atinVlrnf)'menwhoiYtten"--"Tire eerro: so the story TOlf id-i Jiiittfi -"police goes, jaade.. . .? 1..'ft-n- r-anKNIGHTS OF COLUMRUS TO INAUGURATE WARFUND DRIVE.During the week beginning yesterday the campaign inaugurated by xbemembers of the Knights of Columbus in a special drive, lastingthrough the week, to secure the suraof ?10,000,000 as their contributionto the nation's war fund, will be con-ltributed to by the patriotic membersof that organization in this country.The drive, which is to be carriedon in this territory under the auspices and organization of the BlueGrass Council No. 762, of Lexingtonwill be assisted in this city andcounty by the following workers,who have pledged their' earnest efforts in the cause: Prof. E. M. Cos-tello, chairman; George Doyle, secretary-treasurer;committee; Prof.B. M. Costello, Councilman GeorgeDoyle, Fred Fister, Edward H.Gorey, Pat Kane, John F. McCarthy,Dr. Robert Shea, Dr. Francis P.Campbell, Robert Shea, Mrs. EdwardBurke, Mrs. John J. Connell, MrsThomas F. Roche, Mrs. M. J. Lavin,Mrs. Denis Dundon, Misses KatieBurke, Elizabeth-Brown and CarolynRoseberry.The committee will make a personal and vigorous canvass in thocity and county, and you are reauested to make your contributionr fVii srnrrl and noble cause. Butyou need not wait for the solicitorsto come to see you. You can sendyour contribution to Prof. E. M.Costello, or tp Mr. George Doyle, atthe Peoples and Deposit Bank, andproper acknowledgment will be madeof same.The committee at Washington incharge of the War Camp activitiesfinds that the sum Of $10,000,000 isneeded for the extension of tiie workso auspiciously begun for the welfare of all wearers of the uniformof our great and good country. Itis expended for the moral and phyical welfare of your boy, our boyg,our neighbors' boy, both in the campand the trenches.The Knights of Columbus campsare conducted on a purely non-sectarianbasis. The building and benefits are as free and as welcome to aJew or to a Protestant as they areto a Catholic. The war is wipingout the old lines of cleavage and isamalgamating Americans into oneloyal people which knows no race orcreed in these stormy times. TheKnights of Columbus,-made up 'fearnest, patriotic "Catholics, -areworking to strengthen the heart andarm of the United States soldier andsailor, to make him happier in campand braver in the field. They aredoing splendid work in thus helpingwith the prosecuting of the war, andit is a cause that merits the supportand approval of every man and woman in Paris and Bourbon county.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsSACRED HEART ACADEMY BURNED AT LOUISVILLE.Beating their way through denseclouds of smoke that rolled throughevery corridor, more than twentynuns led 200 girl pupils to safetyduring the fire which Friday afternoon reduced to ruins the SacredHeart Academy, on Cherokee Drive,between Stilz avenue and Cannonlane, in Louisville. The escape ofthe children was jmade without thoslightest panic. The children,warned by their teachers not to bealarmed, were formed in marchingorder then taken to safety. The flrowas discovered shortly before 2o'clock. At 4 o'clock all that remained of the structure was a masof ruins.Estimates of the fire loss as givenby insurance men and others interested range from $150,000 to $200,000. As far as could be learned theinsurance carried totaled $75,000.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan-mm mAMONG THE TRAVELING MEN INTHE NEWS.The Lexington Leader's Sundayissue has the following of interestregarding traveling men:"Fred'Bassett, representing thePower Grocery Company, was inXexington the past 'week and reportsa fine business. - Ben Downy reports the fishing flnand he broughtin several fine strings last week. Hedidn't overlook his main line, sellingcrackers, and is keeping his housebusy getting out orders."mark to; a husky mountaineer.Blooey, ' likewise blowie the soldier walldped.the porter. The negrostarted to mix it. Some score ormore men mixed in. A policemanI stepped into the fray and rescuedthe negro. lie called ror neip anaMotor Policemen Haiilcs and Bearn-kuer went to the scee. he amvai'Of the ponce no a oi6mwmanjLsrementPfthe , Metropole tothe "moW due himnwia vf- , rf . .i . . . .,n to-'&rt hikown tfeerftet.VSPRING RACES OPEN AT LEX-INGTON TO-DAY.Tha spring meeting of the Ken-tucky Association will begin to-day "Within the St. Louis Federal Reservewith an unexcelled program, com- District now leads the list of Stateiprising a series of events, in which and parts of States included in thefleetfooted thoroughbreds will con- district in. point of 'percentage oftest for the classics which have made Quota oversubscribed with an oveithe Lexington track one of the most subscription of twenty-three perfamous in the country. j cent.The opening day, with six purse Kentucky's subscriptions have beiiand stake events on the card, made ( estimated at $19,676,000, on a quotaout by Racing Secretary William of $15,943,000. Subscriptions 'forShelley, is expected to bring out a ( the St. Louis District as a whole arcgreat crowd. Weber's Band, of Cin-a little over $102,000,000, or sevcinnati, will be present to furnish enty-eight per cent, of the quota,music for the crowd, and will be which places the district at the headpresent during the entire meeting, of. the list of districts in point ofThe loyalty of the members of thaiband has been fully attested to bythe agents of the United States Department of Justice.One of the features of the openingday's program will be the PhoenixHotel Handicap, the entries forwhich closed Saturday night. Theraces will open with the RacelandPurse. Among probable startersare J. C. Milam's Solly and Bradley'sChoice, a star of the Hot Springs andNew Orleans meeting. Saturday willsee the running of the Ben Ali Handicap. The Ashland Oaks will be runon Tuesday of tne second week; theHinta Stakes on Thursday; and theCamden Handicap on Saturday; theIdle Hour Stakes will be one of thefeatures of the closing day. Amongthe Derby candidates which are expected to be seen either in the DerbyTrial or in previous engagementsare Sun Briar, Escoba, James TVClark, Everest, Exterminator, Sewell Combs, Enos, Vivia America,Olive Wood and Plum, Spearlene,Aurum, American, Nelsweep, Dukeof Savoy and Bubbling Louder.The first race will be called at2:15 this afternoon. The admissionhas been placed as follows: Men, ineluding war tax, $1.65; ladies, "neluding war tax, $1.10; children under sixteen will positively not be admitted to the grounds.m.mnPELFS PINE SPRING P00TWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT PROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.- - ffl Wl v 'WOOL WANJEIX-Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnon South Main StreetCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(aprl9-ljm)WE KNOW HOWUSB GOODJUDGMENTIn Buying YourSpring Suit.Buy From the Store ThatWill Give You Value ForYour Dollars SpentOUR YOUNG MEN'S SUITS FOR$25 and $30have no equal when it comes to style,fit, service and price. Stylish patterns in solid greens, tans, greys andolives one-button single-breasted anddouble-breasted sacks made on individual lines not found in other ready-a-wearclothes.Steln-BIoch and Michot I ?Sttrn's famous clothts art ,soM only by us.Bright, ntw spring patterns In Manhattan Shirtsfancy silks, Imen madrascloths and crapes.John B. Stetson Hats andNtttlaton Spring Shots.MITCHEtL&vv3:jvxitu&MruiMffvav 9ion zo cents. -LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN IfOTYET OVER.That part of Kentucky includedpercentage of quota oversubscrip-tions.A nuniber of the counties seem inthink that when their quota isreached they should discontinue thecampaign, but this is dead wrong, asthe activities incident to the campaign should not cease until midnight May 4. It is hoped by that timeto roll up the geratest subscriptionto the Third Liberty Loan that tbeworld-has ever known.1 Just because you have reachedyour minimum quota there is no reason, why you should not make yourcounty stando uto n the map as alocality where conipetition is ramjparit. The best answer we can giveto the Huns is the size of our subscriptions in this loan. So keepworking at it just as hard as youcan. Take Bourbon county for yourexample. There was never a let-upfrom the time the teams went towork soliciting until the last dollarwas turned in, and even then someof them keptat it. Many of thesolicitors worked at night, long afterthey had disposed of their own business cares. Many" of them forsooktheir regular amusements and devoted their entire time to the campaignfor the Liberty Loan. As a resultBourbon county" stands to-day in theeyes of the Liberty Loan promoter.'as one of the most patriotic countiesin the State.NOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.Put your premises in. good sanitarycondition. Every family in Pari3knows what this pieans. Rubbish- ofall kinds about the home must beremoved. Put on fly screens flyktlme is bar. NFight the origin, oidisease. Boil all water used fordrinkintr and domestic purposes. Inother words, take such precaution asis necessary to good health.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,(16-3t) City Health Officer.VtIIIBLAKEMORE1lltlilli (if4- wifvi. t c I . lCDUNTY POOD ADMINISTRATORSOUNDS A WARNING.The need of "Wheat On TheOther Side" and the necessity of,Scllool faculty were re-electe toreconomizing in the use of that a- tne ensuing year at largely increased;tide m America is growing greateraay oy day. Already the amountwe agreed to send across is so manythousand bushels short that the Allied Armies have been compelled toagain cut down their bread rationIt is absolutely essential that weprovide that nourishing food so necessary to the health, strength and"spirit of those boys who are stand-mg between us and Germany. Asthat can only be accomplished bythe most rigid economy in our homes,this Government is asking us to stillfurther reduce the consumption ofwheat flour. Our Government hasmade few demands, most of its desires have been made in. the form cfrequests. However, so many haveeither ignored or obeyed in such ahalf-hearted manner, that, ot a necessity, these requests must soongrow into demands. This is no timefor half-hearted action. Either weare helping this Government withour hands and our prayers, or con-lsciousiy or unconsciously, we areaiding the Kaiser.Our business has been very littleinterf erred with. No idle requestahave been made, nothing has beendone or asked that was not absolutely essential. The army, thenavy, the business world and thehome life must all work togather asone body in order that this greatmenace to the world may be overcome. Wheat is the one great food oursoldiers and our Allies need now,and every housekeeper, in order tohelp the great cause, is urged to cutdown the consumption in every possible way. No family is allowedmore than six pounds per month foreach member" of the household. Noone is allowed more than a thirtydays' supply at one time. Thus afamily of four would be entitled toonly twenty-four pounds of wheatflour each thirty days. Any one.who by any means, collects more thattLHamilton College, in Lexingtona. fhirty-days supply, will be deemed guilty of hoarding. Hoarding isone thing the Federal Food Administration will not tolerate.Please remember that the sixpounds per month, for each person Isthe maximum, it would be far morepatriotic, more unseinah and motehonorable if only four pounds oreven less would be used.The people of Bourbon countyhave never refused a patriotic appeal. Every call for money has beenalmost doubled, and, I trust, thiscall for the conservation of wheatmay meet with the same cheerfulresponse.L. D. MITCHELL,Food Administrator for BourbonCounty.IB 13 ISNOT TOPROFITEER,EXIST.BUT TOWe wish to recall to the public afew facts concerning this companyand its consumers.In 1909 the Paris Electric Co.purchased of the City of Paris, Ky.,a franchise to do business. In thi3franchise the city gave to the Electric Company certain rights andprivileges in return for the purchaseprice and other considerations.Among these privileges to theElectric Co. was the right to chargea maximum net price of 12c per JC.W. H. to private consumers and $90per year for the old style arc lampand $25 per year for 50 C. P. lampsto the city for street lighting purposes. These prices were established after a careful investigation andconsidered fair to both parties atthat time and as proof that theycould not have been exorbitant thestockholders of the old companywhich had been in operation formore than 20 years, sold their stockat approximately 20c on the dollar.The present owners have operated the plant since 1912 and afterspending a considerable sum ofmoney to improve the service and reduce operating expenses gave voluntarily two reductions, both tothe city and consumers and now because of the extraordinary advancesin all of our operating expenses dueto war conditions, we feel that tbsmajority of our consumers will seathe justice in the slight advance toour rates, and especially as these,prices are still 'below the limit inour framehise and, below what theywere .before we secured the companyboth to the city and private consumers.-We do not ask to proflteert but toearn enough on our property tomaintain is existence and -the service to you.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO. i( It) Incorporated.-m m jICE CEEAM SUPPER.There will be an ice cream sup-per at the Bethlehem SchoolSatur-.day olht, Aprtf 27th, for the ben-efit ofth.e' school, library: jQtmlgCITY EDUCATION BOARD MF-ELECTS P. H. S. FACULTY.. vAll the members of the Paris Hirk'salaries, at a meeting of the Citx-tjoarcr oi Uiaucation, held Fridaynight. The Board, after mature con-!sideration came to the conclusionthat the high cost of living justifiedincreases in the salaries. The following is the list:Miss Elizabeth Rolff, Latin aadGrammar, $90 per month; Miss StellaStevens, Mathematics, $90 permonth; H. C. Burnett, ManualTraining, $70 per month; M'msPrances Butler, Science, $90 permonth; Miss- Reba Lockhart, Historyand Civics, $90 per month; MiFlora Ray, Commercial Departfment,$90 per month; Miss Jessie Crisp,grades 7 and 8, $75 per month; Mrr.Ada K. Fishback, grades 7 andTS,$70 per month; Miss Lavalette Rason, grades 7 and 8, $70 per mont;Miss Anna Farrell, grade 6A, $70per month r Miss Julia Clarke, grade6B, $70 per month; Miss ClaireBrannon, $70 per month; Mis Daisy,Detwiller, grade 5A, $70 per month j.Mrs. Lena Talbott, grade 4A, $70per month; Miss Lizzie Lenihan, grade 4B, $70 per month;Miss Bessie Purnell, grade 3A, $70per month; Mrs. E. A. Stone, grade3B, $70 per month; Miss SallieWhaley, grade 2 A, $70 per month;Miss Mason Talbott, grade 2B, $70per month; Miss Mary Lay ton, grade1A, $70 per month; Miss BlaacheLilleston, grade 1A, $70 per month;Mrs. Ernest Harris, grade IB, $70per month; Mrs. Lizzie Walker, truant officer, $50 per month; Mrs. E.P. Buck, teacher of drawing, $70per month; Miss Miriam Curry, physical culture, $70 per month.. The positions of teacher of musirand English will be filled at a laterdate from the eligible list. TheBoard at a meeting to be held at afuture date, will elect a successor toProf. T. A. Hendricks as Superintendent. Prof. Hendricks resigned.recently to accept the presidency plThere are already several applicants.for the position.Z "- Wl Ft PI -jir)L.kUUJMUMl&U IN ULOTJfcUaS v?By buying -only- all-wool. v You'llfind only wool here $20 up.. ' J. W. DAVIS &CO..PEAYEES TO BE OFFERED FOKSUCCESS OE AMERICA. . : .At a meeting of a number of themen of the Presbyetrian church congregation held in this city soaienights ago, Mr. Charles B. Mitchell,in the course of "an address, offeredthe suggestion that meetings be held,for the purpose of offering prayersfor the success of American arms mthe world-war now going on. The 'idea was deemed an excellent one,and a special meeting was held, atwhich prayers were offered.The suggestion was also made ttithe ladies of the congregation, andlike the other meeting, the suggestion bore fruit instantly. The firstmeeting was held at the home ofMrs. Robert J. Neely, on Vinostreet, at which eighteen were present. Each one took part in themeeting, ajid each one offered a fer-vent prayer for the success of the-Allied arms in the war. It was decided after discussion of the subject to hold pieetings every morningin the week. Arrangements are being made to have the members of Ithecongregation notified of the hour forthe morning service, when a silentprayer for the .success of the Alliesand America will be offered by eachone. , -BOURBON LODGE BEEAISOTHER RECORD.AH-svWith the presentation of ten newpetitions for membership at a recentmeeting Bourbon Lodge No. 2i I.O. O. F., establishes a firm gratbaanother new record, and make aawsrance that there will be a class of at ,least twenty-five to be initiated onthe night of Monday, April 2.- .Grand Master Beckham -Overatrefct,and Grand Secretary R.,G. Mtteitias well as other prominent visetimffOdd Fellows, will be present om tfceoccasion, and will assist the DesreTeam of Bourbon Lodge in confer-ring the work on thecandidates. Ata very recent meeting the teKf co-f erred degrees on four casdidatee.v tvOn Friday night,' April MTmcI- -ning-at eight o'clccIcBourbon.LoK ,will celebrate Che nlneiylnintk "am-' -niverearyof the founding of Oda Fei- Tlowshfe. Addresses will be jmade lyselected speakers 'and a motIn1rir- "8tingr program will be preeefMfcfcAll 0(ld Fellows, their familiee $kYriendk are'"cdrdially-'iiiV to &;tena anaparTiicipiiie i ai ww-eywhich" wiil h Seisin kifevrei'.thipi "floor of theO. 0 W, W- "Hg eofner f, of Mk,-j l V ,streets.$I-fcittII& 4. 1&M4 '-. i..?- ? "sy-'"fi -, ." V- A -4 1&w-i3TBOS BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KYlTUE8BAY, APML 23, lflf. -T10E TWOHIE BOURBON IWSIfrtablished 188136 Years of Continuous Publicationbiished Every Tuesday and Friday'Per Year.. $2. 00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.rSWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theokaracter, standing or reputation otvftBy person, firm, or corporation which.iar appear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-ffced ,i brought to attention of the4ltor.ADVERTISING RATESLsplay Advertisements, $1.00 perHaea for first time; 50 cents per inch-aoh. subsequent insertion., Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue." Cards of thanks, calls on candl4ates, obituaries and resolutions, and-almilar matter, 10 cents per line.1 Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-si jdecline any advertisement or otherfciatter for publication.Announcements for political offices-imist invariably be accompanied byth$ cash.- - This paper has enlisted"With the government in the-cause of America for thejeriod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Art of Living Together.This thing of living with folks isCertainly complex business. If ev--erybody were as bright as we are, if;tliey had the good breeding and thejgood sense that adorn our personality then, of course, it wouldn't be.ny special stunt to get on withfolks; and, verily, life would be oneglad, sweet song. But folks arenot like me and you they're queer-and half-baked and have such funny ideas..Truly, folks are not alike. Here'sj ' "the cheery, sunshiny chap; and"there's the glowering, gloomy.grouch. And the trouble is that"we've got to live with both of 'em.It doesn't make any particular difference, either, wherein lies the difA ference between the two. They'reliere,- and it's up to you and me tolive. .with them as they are. Andopinions differ.What seems to us the eternal truthaud the final word about some given. Initter, may seem, to the other chapthe "veriest claptrap and the mostutter blather. In. vain do we strive-to" make him see the thing as wsee it he looks upon us as a bone"head. So, we turn away from hisflagrant stupidity and his arrogantconceit. And he from us, and ourstupidity and our conceit. Ofcourse", if everybody, individually,-could just go away off and flock nyliimself; if we could just be indc" pendent of everyone else in the worldif, in' a" word, folks didn't have tolive together, life would be a muchsimpler thing.But because the old world doesn'cwag that way, and everybody is tied- upto and dependent upon everybodyv -else, living with folks calls for some-s thing" of art and finesse. And it sofalls out that art must be acquired.The "doing of anything artistically-wrf! nails for practice. And it Is-evm so in the art of living withlolks. This is but saying that wlive by learning; and we learn theart of living together by practicing"the urbanities and lying hold of the' -amenities (for further particularsS3a, Webster.) Higher than any art,more difficult of acquirement than'"'the art of music or of painting, isjust this art of living with our fel-Jows.Why We Are At War.Stripped of all linguistic camou-rlU&e. the real cause of the great warxwLick divides the world into twicamps, the German on one side andalbrcivilization on the other, is anlnental conflict between two an-tagonistic, irreconcilable concepts of"SEhe German has based his wholtsyfctAtn, of thought and "all this stand--ur&g'otf, conduct upon & creed thatraeogaizesno interest as sacred -and-ma ligation , as binding, save as'kese ure in furtherance of Teutonic-. julitk rt 55 tfefe Hohenzollern thought there-"fcAiAbe o right th&kis incompatible-with the divine right of the GermanJermaa. Tie fvmentals of our,Uticalf economy and of our ethicsflMftk.from those ot the Kaiser asUly as Christ differs from Nietz-idbvaM Lincoln from Bismarck.J Uietische declard- that what w&Tgize as the.fciadiag.power of the, ,lwm;oa the iftfeuftt'is the greatesttertaole ever laoed im the path of;&yesraaeiYe eivillzatioa.- because it Isa vaiHinpa -writVi tTio Hinlncip.al lawthat giTCdominloiL tooWthft iMsurvival U?&s$h.ln?s1$ritoegteeth, the hardest'.1' clajys a,niX tiretoughest skin. But we 'hold thatthere is something more mightythan might, more enduring than thethirst for blood and dominion. Andbecause this is the fundamental ofour faith, under the guidance of theGod of Peace we will defend it withthe last ounce of our treasure andthe last drop of our blood, tmdprove that the God of our devotion sa mightier God than the Pagan deitywho has formed an unholy partnership with the Modern Attila of theHuns. ,Society Too Busy.The doings of the social worldthis spring have been confined almost entirely to war work, and' during the past two weeks many of thefavorites in Paris society and in thecounty have been enlisted in the Liberty Loan campaign. And they haebeen working like bees in the RedCross rooms, too. Society has givenup its frills and furbelows, and hasbeen assisting in a ,fine and noblawork. Men and women alike haedone a great deal of visiting, but itwas for the purpose of soliciting patriotic investments, and their estimation of the people went up ordown as a willingness for self-sar.-rificeand devotion to the cause wadshown, or indifference was the impression. For one to assert at this time thathe is not interested or that it is abad time of the year to be asked formoney must have been embarrassing to the workersbut what mintit have been to the person himselfto be thus put on record that he rofused to try to hold up his part ofthe war work to balance the lives ofthe soldiers at the front. There werevery few of that sort in this city oicounty, so far as we have heard, andthe campaign met with the most enthusiastic reception.A number of interesting and important events that had been planned for the week in which the Liberty Loan campaign was on were deferred to some other time. More areon the tapis, but they nearly all pertain to the work of the Red Grossthat noblest of all world-widemercy institutions.Your Share In the War.The first year of America's partin the war has cost us $9,000,000,000. To ascertain the per capitacost divide ?9, 000, 000, 000 by 90000,000. The answer is $100, zoyour share is $100. You have nothad to pay out that sum directly asyour part, perhaps. If you are welloff and pay income tax, and contribute to war projects you may feelthat you have spent several timesyour part but you will pay yourproportion and part of the proportion of your poorer neighbor. Thewar will not be paid for outright.It will be paid by the usual methods of modern financing . If" itlasts two more years it will havecost more than $27,000,000,000, forwar grows increasingly expensive asit progresses.THE TUG OF WAR.It is useless to look at the headlines of the daily papers to-day orto-morrow and try to reach a decision as to whether Germany is winning or losing. It is necessary tcwage the war with men and monoyand ships, and again with money,regardless of what happens thisspring upon the now active battlefields. We must go on with the warat any cost until it is won. To goon with it promptly we must provide the financial means, and yoarsubscription to the Third LibertyLoan, or to the War Savings Stampscampaign, or to the Thrift Stampcampaign is to that end urgentlyand instantly needed. Bourboncounty has done her duty nobly inthe three Liberty Loaii campaigns,bue there is yet money needed fordifferent expenditures, and if thereis a man or woman in the city orcounty who is able to do so and whohas not yet taken a Liberty Bond,now is the time for him or herget busy and invest their money forthe benefit of the Government.IP I WERE A PARMER.If I were a farmer I would ,keepat hand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician such as Chamberlain's Coiicand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, colds and croups.Chamberlain's Liniment for sp'ralns,bruises and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness, and const'pa.tion. ,This would require an outlay ofonly,.;i4.0 .3y having these articles a't hand it would often save thetrouble ot a trip to town in thebusiest season or in the night, andwould enable me to treat slight ailments, as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious diseases that so often follow.(adv-april)And, by the by, what has becomeof the old-fashioned 'optimist whothought the Senate really meant toinvestigate La Follette?By the time we have conqueredGermany" we should be pretty woll-prepared to settle the Mexicanproblem.Friday,;!ftS.l ,afssUar"' -1 ;SPEMkH9ScWASHINGTON, D. C, April 19. Friday, April 26, will be Liberty day throughout the United States under a proclamation issuedThursday by President Wilson calling on citizens of every communityto hold Liberty Loan rallies andsupport to sustain the nation's cause. ,Palriotic demonstrations similar to those on the opening day ofthe campaign will be held on April 26 and the day devoted to givingthe race toward the three billion dollar war credit goal a new impetusfor the final week. NOversubscription AnticipatedNow, with the loan campaign almost half over, $1,089,734,900subscriptions have been reported to the Treasury, or $136,811,650representing Wednesday's business, and committees in every districthave received orders to make extraordinary efforts to gather in pledgesfaster, in the hopes of meeting Secretary McAdoo's expressed hopefor an oversubscription of the three billion dollar minimum. NPresident's Proclamation"By The President of The United States or America.A Proclamation."An enemy who has grossly abused the power of organizedgovernment and who seeks to dominate the world by might ofthe sword challenges the rights of America and the liberty and lifeof all the free nations of the earth. Our brave sons are facing thefire of battle in defense of the honor and rights of America and theliberty of nations. To sustain them and to assist our gallant associates in the war a generous and patriotic people have been called upon to subscribe to the third Liberty Loan."Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of theUnited States of America, do appoint Friday, the twenty-sixth dayof April, one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, as Libertyday. On the afternoon of that day I requesf the people of theUnited States to assemble in their respective communities andliberally pledge anew their financial support to sustain the nation's cause. Patriotic demonstrations should be held in everycity, town and hamlet throughout the land under the general direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and the immediate direction of the Liberty Loan Committees organized by the FederalReserve banks. Let the nation's response to the third LibertyLoan express in unmistakable terms the determination of America to fight for peace, the permanent peace of justice."For the purpose of participating in Liberty day celebrations all employes of the Federal Government throughout thecountry whose services can be spared may be excused at 12o'clock noon Friday, the 26th of April."In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and. caused the seal of the United States to be affixed."Done in the District of Columbia this eighteenth day ofApril, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred andeighteen, and of the independence'' of America the one hundredand forty-secorid.WOODROW WILSON."By the President: -"ROBERT LANSING L"Secretary of State." NPLACE ORDERS EARLY TOR COALMr. James H. Thompson, Fuel Administrator for Bourbon County, isin receipt of the following letter fromLouisville from Wiley B. Bryan, FeulAdministrator for Kentucky:To County Federal Fuel Chairman:Extract from address by A. L.Snead, Assistant to the U. S. FuelAdministrator, at meeting at Louisville, Kentucky, April 6, 1918, withthe State Fuel Administrator, W. B.Bryan, nnd the Chairmen of a number of the County and City Committees throughout Kentucky.It is absolutely necessary that domestic consumers of coal place orderspromptly and put in their supply during the summer months. By so doingthey will help the Government, assist the railroads, and at the sametime provide themselves with coal.They will help the Government bymaking it unnecessary to assist withtheir supply next winter, when al thetime and effort of the Fuel Administfalor will be needed in providingcoal for war purposes; they will helpthe transportation companies ljy reducing the number of cars to behandled during a period when it ismost difficult to handle same. Iherein no other way in which the domesticconsumer, insofar as the coal situation is concerned, can effectually assist the Government in the successfulprosecution of the war, and at thesame time provide themselves withfuel, than by obtaining their normalseason's requirements during, thesummer months.If it is necessary to enlarge thebins so as to accommodate a normalyear's supply, this should be done. Ifthe dealer is not willing to carry theaccount, , arrangements should bemade to handle the matter by makingmonthly payments.If this is not done there will beshortage during the coming winter,due to the large increased demandsfor war purposes and the inabilityof the transportation companies tohandle the enormous quantity offreight necessary for warand otherpurposes.I also desire to urge the great necessity for each consumer to limithis requirements to less than normalneeds. There is great need for everyton, and every pound saved providesadditional coal for the requirements,not only for our 'Government, but f drour 'Allies.I also urge and request the substitution of wood to the greatest ex--tentpossible, for coal by all consumers." 'Therefore, the message I want toconvey to the people in your severalcommunities is to obtain the quantity of coal necessary t or their year'supply as early as possible and, exercise the strictest economy in itsuse, as unless this is done there willbe-a shortage - next winter which itwill be impossible to relieve.Yours very truly,W,ILEY-B: BRYAN,'Federal Fuel Administrator, Ky.Local retail prices will be" officially,posted later. ' i -Hrliberally pledge anew their financialCLAINMS SELF DEFENSELEXINGTON, KY., April 22.Private Harry Laffan, Company A,113th Military Police, Camp Shelby,shot and probably fatally woundedMary Powell, 40 years old, of Lexington, and Andrew Johnson, 55, ofSouth Elkhorn, Tuesday night to savehis life, he told the police to whomhe surrendered. He said he steppedinto the Powell woman's yard, where,Laffan declared, she made arrangements for him to meet a girl. Instead the woman seized him and accused him of trying to break intoher home. Laffan said, and whiletwo civilians held him, the womanbeat him on the head with a' piece oflead pipe. He said he drew hisweapon to save himself. One bulletpierced the woman s abdomen andanother Anderson's chest. Neitherare expected to live. Laffan's headis badly bruised and he is under medical care.l JBt S4WHOOPING COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.(adv-april)BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly , RollCream Puffs -Doughnuts,Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTj. . .RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376spFjgawith LOT! AATMNS, as theyit ohe diM&gfe.cannotJlMhCatarrh is fibal WsTretly influenagyiE csttitiorial;eonditians,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the. blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrhIVfcedicine was prescribed by one of th'ibest physicians in this country foryears:- It is composed of some of thebest tonics known, combined withsome of 'the best blood purinersj Theperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine i3what iroduces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)The troubles of poor Nicholas Romanoff aren't over, after all. NowKaiser Wilhelm threatens to makehim again Czar of Russia.NOTICE-TO-CONTRACTORS!Sealed proposals will be receivedby the Fiscal Court of Bourbon county until 10 o'clock,Thursday, May 2, 1918,at the Court House, Paris, Kentucky, for repairing the followingturnpikes:Jacksonville & Townsend Valley,12 rods.Clay & Kiser, 35 rods.Hill 15 rods.Newtown & Leesburg, 50 rods.Hawkins & Cummins, 30 rods.Pat Collins, 5 rods.Leesburg & Jacksonville, 10 rods.McNeiss, 20 rods.Ce-nterville & Jacksonville, 50rods.Greenwich, 75 rods.Hopewell & Bethlehem, 40 rods.North Middletown & Cane Ridge,20 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 60 rod?,south end.North Middletown & Winchester,10 rods. iE. K. Thomas, 15 rods. 'JNorth Middletown & Thatcher'sMill, 40 rods.Stony Point & Seamond's Mill, 20rods.Carlisle & Plum Lick, 40 rods.North Middletown & Owingsville,15 rods.North Middletown & Levy, 20rods, north end.Stringtown, 20 rods.Lot Young, 5 rods.Flat Rock & Jackstown, 20 rods.All stone must be distributed in"places designated by Road Engineer.The right is reserved to reject anyor all bids, and allotments 'are subject to change or approval by FiscalCourt.By order of the Fiscal Court ofBourbon County.BEN F. BEDFORD,(19-4 ) Road Engineer.fLet Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home institution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager,?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.iir Uu f W.te of. g??d moncy t by cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Wjlliamt Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fin all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment...."We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.c.A. DAUGHERTYFifth and -Main StreetsuHatir bought a tnsr, Srt offerfor sale two good furmitart wions.W axe prepared to do long'dietance hauling. "FISHER TRANSFER CO.(19-2t)Found.Automobile -license tag No. 4004?found on Maysville & Lexington pike'between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. .(12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Aplply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in theci nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any moretnan, they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair ofeyes.JVIy work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat 'my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein .need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones. 520 Main St.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.v Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketW.H. CANNON,Xeal Manager.For Sale.Vt "a.--.: -&!& J&-. .-.jf-'t.,Ce.r T"VZ $gfrj&& y.? 'mtWw ,H33.-3irfJHA.v:"VSt. JCTfcSb. 5v (re-cif-v'zssr .,'il Jt. ' j.yj-",. iV-v r . W , V?sr't -fh v'Hg'J M s-$ZAs$-s.--S-3"1iy- 5V. ' -r-c " 'V , ,1 - JJr Kx' f ft,, 3-4-1-r TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 11X8.rvrrrr-'0J.!3bl fetfM J if ft- - . . -Another Highly. Important Sorinf PrfrEPUBLIC WARNED NOT TO HEE2WILD RUMORS.ARRANGING TOR DISTRICT W. C.T. U. CONVENTION.The circulation of extravagantrumors and wild tales of victory isas harmful to' the interests of thiscountry in the present struggle a2jthe spreading of adverse report?would be. Recently the report wasflashed from one end of the countryto the other regarding a great victory of the Allies on the Westernfront. In many parts of the country people went wild with joy, onlyto be cast down into correspondingdepths of depression on learning thatthe report was utterly without foundation.The people of Paris and thecounty should not give ear to reports that do not come from entirelireliable sources. Telegraphic newsin the papers, from reputable nersagencies, can be relied upon as being correct, or at least approximatelyso. The metropolitan dailies, as arule, have reliable correspondents atthe front, and their reports can rereceived as the truth. But reportscirculating from mouth, to mouthfrequently start from nothing, butgrow with the .telling.In justice to the news agencitr,and the newspapers of the countryit should be said that none of thesefake reports have originated withor been circulated by them. Suchreports in most cases, if they couldbe traced to their original source,would be found to have a sinisterorigin enemy propaganda with aview of distrubing the peace of th3.country and creating unrest and ex-,citement. We should keep cool and!believe nothing that is not fully,vouched for, trust in our Govern-nient and our armies, and put ourenergies into our part in hewinning of he war.Some time ago a report was circlated that the Allies had captured jfour hundred thousand Germans in asensational attack on ' the latter'h JPreliminary arrangements for theholding of the W. C. T. U. convention of the Payette-Bourbon subdivision of the Seventh district in Lexington, April 25 and 26 were completed Friday afternoon at a largelyattended meeting of the local W. C.T. U. held at " the Maxwell StreetPresbyterian church, in Lexington.The meeting was in charge of Mrs.L. L. Roberts, superintendent of thedepartment of systematic giving.The convention will begin with amedal contest at the First Methodistchurch Thursday night, April 25.This contest will be under the direction of Mrs. A. D. Reed, of LitlleRock, this county, contest superintendent, and there will be six contestants for the medal to be given.The next day, Friday, April 26, theconvention will holdan all-day session at the Centenary Methodistchurch. Nine unions will be repiesented in the convention as follow.Lexington Central, Arlington, Lexington Beauchamp, Chilesburs-,Paris, Millersburg, Little Rock,Spears' Mill and North Middletown.Plans for the coming State-widocampaign will.be discussed at theconvention and district and countychairmen selected to push the workof organization. vm m tBREAKS ANOTHER RECORD. .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.,.ilines. One of the German residentsof Paris raced the streets trying1 toiget accurate information in regardto the news. A NEWS man tracedthe rumor to its source, and finally,ascertained that a Paris man re-jturning from Lexington, had sai 1that somebody told him that he heardthat the Lexington Leader had adispatch from Cincinnati to the effect that the Allies had capuredfour hundred thousand German.That's all there was to it. Believenothing you, hear, unless you havreason to think it comes from a reliable source!FOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give yo.ia relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)Bourbon Lodge, No. 23, brokeanother record Monday night, .whenten new petitions were presented formembership, assuring the order of atleast twenty hve to be initiated onthe night of April 29. Grand Master Beckham Overstreet, Grand Secretary R. G. Elliott, and other visiting Odd Fellows, will be present andassist the Bourbon Lodge team in con-,ferring the beautiful and impressiyework. The 99 th anniversary of theorder will occur on April 26, and thisevent will be a fitting recognition ofthe order's great work in the past.On last Monday night the differentdegrees were conferred on 4 candidates, and the team did splendid work.Bourbon Lodge is making an effortto maintain its record of past years,time, than any other lodge in thetime than any other lodge in theState. Get one member, is the requestof Noble Grand James Templin fortne meeting ivionaay nignt.ta is teCHECKS FOR TEACHERS' SALARIES MAILED OUT.Superintendent of Public Instruction V. O. Gilbert has mailed checksto city and county school superintendents for 66 and 2-3 per cent, ofthe. sixth installment due on teachers' salaries. Of the amount sentout $58,375.60 goes to the citvschool teachers and $294,459.49 tothe rural school teachers. Superintendent Gilbert hopes to be able tomeet the seventh and last installment due the teachers, togetherwith the one-third due on thesixth installment by the middle olMay.v Miss Mollie McMahan was avisitor to Carlisle relatives lastweek.Miss Shirley Collins, of Carlisle, is a guest of Miss Pinkie Moirow, near Paris.Mr. Roy P. Clende-nin has returned to Paris from a business tripto, Milwaukee.' Miss Kate vAlexander was aweek-end guest vof Mrs. ClarenceLebus, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. N. E. Elmore havereturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. B. E. Juett, in Richmond.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson returned Friday from a winters'stay in St. Petersburg, Florida.Mrs. George B. Gravitt, of thecounty, is a guest of her mother,Mrs. John Young, in Versailles.Mr. Owen L. Davis is at theWest Baden Springs Hotel, at WestBaden, Indiana, for a two-weeks'stay.Dr. and Mrs. Robert Shea wereguests of Dr. Shea's mother, Mrs. T.E. Fitzgerald, in Winchester, lastweek.Mr. ,and Mrs. J. H. Mulliklnhave returned to their home mFlemingsburg, after a visit to friendsin this city.Mrs. Wolford Ewalt and babeare guests of Mrs. Ewalt's father,Mr. J. H. Moore, in Brooksville,Bracken county.Mrs. Thomas Norris and sonhave returned to their home in thiscity after a visit to Mrs. O. E. Billeter, in Winchester. ,Mr. Ray Shipp, of Clintonville,has moved to Cincinnati, where hehas secured a good position with alarge mercantile firm.Mrs. William B. Ardery, whohas been undergoing treatment inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, is improving.Mr. Andrew J. Gorey has returned to his home in Covington, af'ter a visit to -relatives and friendsin this city and county.Mrs. S. E. McClanahan has returned from Flemingsburg, whereshe went to attend the funeral of heraunt, Mrs. Eliza Hendrix.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Bishophave returned to their home mWoodford county, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. E. C. Cleveland, near Parir.Mr. Nat C. Rogers, a formerresident of the county, has arrivedfrom Pewee Valley, Ky., for a' visitto relatives and friends near thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bell anddaughter, Miss Helen Bell, have returned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in Oklahomaand Texas.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wolcott andMiss Hunter have returned' to thei:homes in Winchester, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin andfamily, at "their, home on Sojuth Mainstreet.Miss Florence Adair Hedges,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. OlUeHedges, of Paris, ,who has been apatient in the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, for some weeks,is improving slowly.Mr. and Mrs. Robert 0. Turner,who have been spending the winterin Ft. Meyers, Florida, have returned, and for the present are atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Arch Bedford, on Eighth street.Mr. Edward Turner, who hasbeen ill at his home on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, has returned to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he will be under thecare of a specialist for several day?.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Calvertand daughter, Miss Kittie Calvert,have returned to their home in Civington, after a visit to relatives inthis city and county. Mrs. Calvertis a sister of Mrs. Edward B.Hedges, of Stoner avenue and MisCarrie Fisher Innes.(Other. Personals on Page 5.)MICKIE SAYSr V "W V)C!2SMBeSL"PS'Jack w cq&rsVs tAcmsiT vRN-r ea fw? vie N'7A GO OAvtti' -TVs ue CtftwfelMMtf JSvOtttFER SAWV.E,TOOI TOO f -SvghuqGREFUTE SLANDERS ON OUR BOYSIN FRANCE.A certajn publication, in Washington, D. C, maintained by a certainchurch, has kept up a persistentcampaign of slander and vituperation of "our boys in France," bajedupon a; report that the boys wereleading immoral lives, especiallydrinking hard.These slanders have been refutedtime and again, publicly and privately, yet this publication continues its game of trying to make thepeople believe what it says. In direct opposition to this sheet comethe following from an official andreliable source:"Secretary Baker Wednesday toldPresident Wilson and his War Cabinet that the condition of the American troops was fine. He assuredthe Cabn.et also that the UnitedStates s-o diers were making good.In a statement to the public ii-iurged whole-hearted support of thefighting forces overseas."At a meeting of representativesfrom all over Ohio at a Y. M. C. A.Conference, John Sherman Hoyt, ofNew York, who has just returnedfro;n an eight-months' investigationof conditions m France, stated:"I want to register testimony inbehalf of the boys in France in regard to the drink problem. Neverin all the time I was in France didI see a single drunken Americansoldier or sailor, and I traveled pretty largely through the areas whereour troops came ashore and wherethey were getting their training."Still, it would be pretty hard toconvince this Washington sheet, edited and abetted by bigots and hardshells, that they are wrong. Fo;the good of the country the publication ought to be suppressed.DO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof these tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with, a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)THE BEST PROOF GIVEN BY APARIS CITIZEN.WantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWood Working-'ifr y- Machine Men4 v and Laborers forBox FactorySteady' wo. Good wages. Excellent factory condition. Half holiday Saturdays with pay.AfHy mmern, Sujw-injfndant. MENGEL BCfcfoBANYDoan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit. ,The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence. Has proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimony.The proof convincing.It can be investigated by Parisresidents.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet,. Paris, says: "Kidneytrouble caine on from a fall and theresults were very severe, causing memore suffering than the fall itsel)'.No one can ever know what I wentthrough at that time for I sufferedawfully. My back ached and, paineduntil I -thought 'it would break intwo. Sharp twinges shot throu&hmy kidneys and if anyone had hitme in the back with a heavy axe itcould not have hurt worse. In odpweek after using Doan's SidneyPills, J felt like a different woman.ior wiey nxea me up in nne snape.(Statement given February 17.1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martin said: Doan's Kidney Pills havepiade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy gttDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Have the fuel conservationist-sever considered making use of theradiating power of the mustard plaster?You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangePATRIOTIC" NEWS PEOPLE IThe Harrodsburg Democrat hashad a peculiar experience. Everyfliember of the saff in, charge of th.3paper when' the war broke out isnow in the army, 'the navy or inwar work. Mrs. W. 4L. Beardsloy.the society reporter of, -the'Demc-crat,entered jthe service of tnVFood19 BBuy Liberty Bonds and Help WinThe War.Wolf, Wile & CompanyAnnounce the Arrival of aLarge and Very Exclusive SelectiomofWomen's NewTailored Suits and Dressesof Poiret Twill, Silvertone, Tricotine and Silk materialssmartly tailored models, showing many original touches ,designed especially to bring out the youthful effect.Excellent Values From $25.00 to $50. OftCharming New Spring Coat'sDisplaying the NewStraight Line Silhouettewhich gives these Coats a very fine appearance and agreat deal of dressiness. They are fitted with big collars,big cuffs, l3ig buttons and pockets of unique design. Madeup of Satin, Taffeta, Light Weight Wool Velours, Silvertone, Jersey and Serge.Prices $20.00 to $55.00.Regarding Our vFur StorageWe are now ready to accept your furs for summerstorage. Our perfect facilities for this service carrieswith it the Wolf, Wile & Co. guarantee against theft,fire and moths. Every article intrusted to our care isthoroughly cleaned before being stored. Prices verymoderate.WOLF, WILE SCOLEXINGTON, KY.Sri CorniWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERrSEEPCORNfGermination Guaranteed-Order Early, as the Stock is'limited.- .K -5J" vA bMHitlfu! lim f Garteni tn.ilNy. Cm In ami !k tmm vr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.C i. BALL GAMiGwi Fwtk smI MMMMt Str.1hIS4I Administration yesterday. 'mmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmm: ---"" .tr1vm.amm.uin.-uk-min m-1 v9-JZ -'X-vtH'-SS. 'i,';'.";-.Si-;'-Vf v -.4,?urnomaTfil BOUltlON NEWS, PARIS, XT. WIJ."ZT& -"H!i.i i JTOMCAT,"ifAPHIL 23, lilt.-4- j vXUSTlvCUT USE OF WHEAT SIXTY- PER CENT.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Th. the national consumption, ofwhet';for the next five jmonths willhvevto be cut .fully sixty per cent,of the. usual-amount was the outstanding point that was brought outat a meeting of the County Food Administrators of this district withState- 'Food Administrator F. M.Sackett and District Food Adminic-Jtrator wm. E. Simms, Friday. Themeeting was held inHoteL-in LexingtonThe.-wheat shortage, is was thoughtout, is very critical at present, andif the armies of the United Statesaxe to' be supplied and France is toreceive a moderate amount, the civilian population of this country williiave to make many personal sacrifices:' Those present at the meeting were:Everett Hoover, Jessamine county,David Prewitt, Clark county; Hanson Peterson, Harrison county; Ernest Ripy, Anderson county; FrankCurry, Mercer county; S. S. Pinney,Montgomery county; LawrenceMitchell. Bourbon county; VictorBradley, Scott county; James H.Combs, Fayette county; R. A. Burnam, Madison county; Field McLeod.Woodford county; Nelson Rhodes,Boyle county; Charles Strassner,Franklin county, and Mr. Simms andMr. Sackett.The real estate agency of Harris& Speakes report the followingsales of real estate made by themrecently: To French Williams, colored, a house and lot in Claysville,for $200; to R. B. Hutchcraft, avacant lot on Cypress street, nearNewtown, for ?256; to same, a vacant lot on North Clifton avenue,'for $138.Dr. D. S. Henry, of this city, hasthe Phoenix purchased the old Hendrix home inFJemingsburg, and- will -divide it upinto lots, which will be sold at public sale in May.Eals & Harney, real estate agentsof ' Cynthiana, sold to Mr. A. C.Webb, of Bourbon county, twentyacres of land known as the Johnsonplace, located near Laii4, in Harrison county, for $260 per acre.PS ?Sl ?Sl,, f :NEWS OF WOMEN'S WOBXDTTEEESTING TO CLUB'WOMEN. .,'present '"As mothers in the war procession,we must see to it that we are notstumbling blocks, but torches."At the Bed Gross Rooms.Wednesday Woman's Bible Class,Christian church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Presbyterian Mission- Circle.CARRIED UPE INSURANCE.SAYS HE DIDN'T DO IT.Mr. N. B. Hedges, owner of theFord car that was partially demolished at Eighth and High streets,when it and. an interurban car collided, says THE NEWS owes himand his Ford an apology. He sayshe did aiot lose control of the carnor did he run into the interurbaivFurther than that he said he hadno information to give out for publication. If we have hurt the feelings of Mr. Hedges and his Ford wcare sorry. The interurban wasn'thurt! .Knight Ed. B. Hedges, of Paris,who died recently in a Cincinnatihospital, following an operation,carried a life policy of $2,000 in theEndowment Rank of the Knights ofPythias. .Mr. Hedges was an enthusiastic worker in the interest ofPytliianism.- 1E5 JS3 TQCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT TH2GRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday,. April 23 PallasPictures presents Vivian Martin In"A Kiss From Susie," from the storyby Paul West; Antonio Moreno andPearl White in the fourth episode of"The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, April 24Thos. H. Ince presents DorothyDalton, in "Love Letters," from thestory by Shannon Fite; Harold Lloyd,in a Luke Comedy; Hearst PatheNews No. 27.Thursday, March 26 ConstanceTalmadge, Earl Fox and a superbcast, in "The Studio Girl," a charming comedy.Public Sale of Residence.I'will sell at Public Auction on the premises,Tuesday, April 30, 1919,at 2 p. m., my two-story frame residence, located on Eighth Street, containing eight rooms, two halls, electric lights, gas, bath complete, largesewer running through entire lot. Good cellar, cistern and large gardei. Lot fronts on Eighth Street 133 feet, with a depth of 260 feet..This is a very desirable property and in good repair.JTERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS. JACK WOODS.For further information, call on HARRIS & SPEAKES, Avho willtake pleasure in showing property to prospective buyers.(apr23-26)The patriotic laywoman is onewho can take orders, be co-operative,regard her service to the country asthe enlisted man. does his oath, ofallegiance, exercise sound judgmentand breadth of vision and regard service as her keynote.Our government has called to thecolors a large percentage of our professional nurses. "This leaves a gapwhich must be filled," says the Woman's Committee at Washington andit sends out a call for recruits.Trained nurses constitute an important part of our national defense.In view of this fact, the AmericanRed Cross is establishing at VassarCollege a summer training camp fornurses, in which distinguished specialists will give an intensive preparatory course. Here is found anopportunity for the June graduates,as well as the more mature youngwomen. America expects every woman to do her duty.Will not some of our girls volunteer for service? Our boys are freelymaking the great sacrifice. Theymust not in their hearts condemnyou with, "There is lack of woman'snursing."the 'various fruits and vegetables 'JUttbLUlC.-Practically every womanregistered. ' lThe last clause in Miss Simmo'Jinvitation was, "And see the tulips." jSo, after, a profitable hour we werebidden to the garden, where the,gorgeous tulips were resplendent to Itheir stately beauty. Hundreds pf tthese lovely flowers gave color andjwarmth to the garden plot, where!the departing glory of the jonquilsand hyacinths, and the rich promisaof later blooms peonies, lilies, iris,etc., pake this place a most wonderfully charming spot, and where Mis3Simms is ever a most gracious hostess, ready to share her treasures ofnature with her friends.M',fr"?n -"'jrThe North Middletown Woman's-Club has adjourned for the summer,after a very successful year's workin the study of geography. The clubwill resume its work in Septemberwhen the study subject will be"Kentucky." The following nevofficers were elected:Mrs. Anna Cooper, president; Mrs.Magnus Rash, first vice-president:Mrs. John Talbott, second vice-pres-laent; miss Liiiie Mason, secretary;Mrs. M. M. Bacon, corresponding secretary; Mrs. A. S. Trimble, treasurer. You never can tell. Some people are susceptible to flattery, othersyou have to be sharp with.Lost Steer.From the Xalapa Farm a fat steer,weighing about 1,100 pounds. Reward for return or for informationleading to recovery.BEN F.'BUCKNER, JR., Mgr.Cum. Phone 1057.The Bourbon County Red CrossChapter will join'the Woodford andFayette chapters in presiding overthe Club House at the Kentucky Association track during the comingrace meet. Luncheon will be servedby each chapter in turn Bourbon'squota beginning on the" eighth day,April 30th. The privilege thus extended is but another evidence of tliepatriotism of this association. It hasvoluntarily pledged ?3 00,0 00 to theRed Cross War Fund to be startedthe last week in May.Better eat wheatless bread nowthan eat the black, breadmany later.FOLLOW DIRECTIONS.IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,1 Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.; (23-tf)For RentATTENTION!WHITESEWING MACHINEDemonstrationAt Daugherty Bros.' StoreLadies of Paris and vicinity: We have recently succeeded in getting the agency for the world's most famousand celebrated WHITE SEWING MACHINE. This machine will be displayed and demonstrated at our storeALL THIS WkEEK&y a Lady Representative from theWhite Sewing Machine Company,Cleveland, Ohio.A fine line of fancy work will be shown, and illustrations given as to how button holes, darning, embroidery, and many ether forms of fancy work, can be easilydone on the famous White Machine without attachments,A Souvenir will be giveneach lady in attendance.More than six million White Sewing Machines are inuse, and more are being sold today than ever before.Doing your own sewing instead of buying garmentsready made is certainly a high form of conservation, saving you fully two-thirds on all clothing made at home.!Fhe WHITE is the only machine with tension indicatedby number instead of guess, and it has many other su--periorpoints of advantage over any other machine on themarket today.Ladies we shall look for you to see this wonderfulmachine.Don't Forget the DateAll This Week !If you must have cake, try one ofthese:Store room on Broadway, adjoining" Bourbon-Agricultural Bank andof Ger-irus Company. Also has entrancej.i'11 ruunii SLietJL. iiiwuiuuiit: posset8sion. For terms and particulars, apply to undersigned.j- Also, for rent, five-room cottagefpn Scott avenue and Washingtonstreets; good garden. Immediate5A,"Bny War Savings Stamps"Take Part of Your Chirnge in Thrift Stamps:FRAN K& CO.THE RELIABLE STORE' X.ARE OFFERINGSPRINGCOATS'V ,FORLadies, Misses and ChildrenATPRICE REDUCTIONSTHAT WILL PROVE INTERESTING TO.DISCRIMINATING BUYERS.Corn Hake Macaroons.2 eggs, 7-8 cups of sugar; 1 cupchopped peanuts or 4 bags; 2 cupsof corn flakes; 1 pinch of salt; vanilla or not, as you like. Drop ongreased paper and cook in quickoven. Remove from paper whencold.possession.(23-2t)D. Y. L. FARLEY,Both Phones 48.iNew Summer DressesINVOILES, GINGHAMS, ETC.FORLadies, Misses and ChildrenREASONABLY PRICED: -'FRANK & CO.DAUGHERJY BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN St REETSUp-to-Date Devil's Food Cake.( With our compliments to theKaiser.)2 cups brown sugar;2-3 cups shortening, lard, butteror substitute;3 eggs;2-3 cups cocoa, or V of a 10c cakeof chocolate;1 cup sour milk, sweetmilk orwater; A1 heaping teaspoon of soda;1 cups of corn flour;Vs. cup of wheat flour;1 teaspoon of vanilla.Cream, sugar and shortening, addcocoa and eggs; beat well, then addmilk, into which the soda has beendissolved. Add flour last.1 cup of nut meats or raisins maybe added. Bake as loaf or in gempans in. moderate oven, about 45minutes.Icing is "taboo."FOLLOW DIRECTIONS.In response to the invitation ofMiss Lucy B. Sijinms, Chairman ofthe Food Conservation, a large number of women gathered at her homeSaturday afternoon to witness a fooddemonstration given by Mrs. Goldsen,of the Home Demonstration Department of Kentucky, in. co-operationwith the College of Agriculture,Kentucky University. After . briefintroductory remarks, Mrs. Goldsen, assisted by Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, carefully demonstratedthe various steps in the canning ofasparagus. The slogan, "An hourfropi the patch to the can," could beeasily complied with, since the asparagus was cut from Miss Simnu'beautiful garden. As a proof thatasparagus is successfully canned inthe home, Miss Hutchcraft exhibiteda perfect jar canned last spring by aten-year-old girl, a member of theGirls' Canning Club.The next demonstration was inmaking jmuffins without wheat, lardor sugar substituting corn flour,mashed potatoes, mayola oil and Karasyrpup.Mrs. Goldsen a'dvised the packingof eggs in Aprii and May, using diluted water glass, proportions 9 to 1.Miss Simms gave a very earnesttalk on the imperative duty of theAmerican woman in the conservationof food, especially wheat, and emphasized the necessity of gardening,poultry raising and -bee culture. -Cards were, passed for the signa-i;ure of those interested, in any or allthe dejptxtjments of work, the .nwnfcerjol sjn.uire determining tne, returnI"The Home of BetterClothes" For Men, YoungMen and BoysET THIS STORE firmly fixed in yourmind before you start out to buy clothesthis Spring". Never before have we hada better display and a bigger variety to selectfrom. We have adopted the policy of giving"Better Clothes, Better Styles anJ Better Values" than you can find elsewhere, and we earnestly invite you to come in and inspect ourstock. .Young Menwill find here the latest styles in newest patterns. Men of -conservative taste are bound tobe pleased with styles and patterns to suitthem. Every suit guaranteed at its price.$12.50 to $35.00Boys' ClothesThe question of buying good Boys' Clothes canbe settled here, as we have the best and mostcomplete lines in Paris. New styles and patterns that are bound to please the Americanboys. The best values in town.R.-RI-WALSHiiT7th and Main2' 'f.O tie-Price StoreAkaBalaaw -,mritmaaBBBBBBBBBBflBlaBEistebBbVUVTJbbV WhbvWmSm mC3waaaafl H Vaaaaaai raaaaaaVaaaaaB - :H(P :' jSS9aWaaaaH ' l"r '&aaaaHH VH liaaVaaaaaaV Hi' MrIN. .; maaaaaaW Maaaaaaaaaall I I fflIVBaaaaaaall J j :Hl i'aaaaaaaWTrBTaaaaWF f VrmBaavf I'lJrmaaaaiE ri wmmml MMKbwIjIV&AllBBBaaaaaM f'TkBaaaUEVki.imHI -aaaaBaari VBaaBTaaaK)9aaraviKvaTf BaaK-VaBBUVB- aaaaktBau&KaaaCMaBaaaaVlaAaaaaVj gaat.4 H"31 .T BBVParfe. Kv IBABaaVaV,iaaVIof Mrisrldfea:iqr;etraif"',rf- a,Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa -f-J- ar"- j.-w.. , f r? s ,A r. A -i'-. .-..L'., t fv, r -7f:j (. & ip-.TlWDJLYrJJPEIL 2 J, 1I1;X:THE BOURBON NIWS,KT.-v. -V .i' V iV .l . v A- f..mJ HfsrvM&:NUfh16$0ffc&for4M&f OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWOOL WANTED.Sacks and twine.C. S. BRENTU& BRO.(3prl9-4t)m m mYOU'LL NEED A TOP-COATIf- you are going to the racps.Sport and plain styles here ?25,$30 and $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.1 fe fcNEW AUTO.Mr. B. M. Renick, of the ParisMilling Co., has received and put incommission a handsome CadillacEight touring car, which he purchased through the Lexington Cadillac Co., of Lexington, last -week.: fcsSOAP BARGAINS.Soap for laundry use, also toiletsoap, at 5 cents per bar, while itlasts.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BROKEN BAIL BUMPS SIX CABSOE COAL.A broken rail dumped six carloads of coal in & heap yesterdaynear the Tenth street crossing of theLouisville & Nashville. The train,which was an unusually long one,had just pulled out of the SouthParis yards, and was getting underheadway when the broken raildumped six cars in a heap near theJ. S. Wilson & Bro.'s seed housp.Traffic was interrupted for severalhours until the wreckage was cleaied away by the wrecking crew. Noone'was hurt.FOR BOY SCOUTS.Daugherty Bros., the official Boy Scout Outfitters.(aprl9-tf)n m mME. JOHNS AGAIN BEADY EOBBUSINESS AT STUDIO.After a vacation taken partly inWest Baden Springs, ana partly athome, Mr. A. R. Johns is now readyfor the reception of patrons at hisstudio, in the Bourbo-n-AgriculturalBank building, third floor. He willsustain his reputation for artist;3photography, and will convince youthat his work is better than the best.Photos made at any time, day ornight When a photograph bearsthe signature of "A. R. Johns" it isthe hallmark of excellence in photography, and is always of the dependable kind.?a Pa ?aNOTICE.To subscribers of the Second Liberty Loan:This Bank has justreceivedRegistered Bonds of theSecond Liberty Loan andis now ready to deliver tosubscribers.FIRST NATIONAL BANKParis, Ky.(aprl9-2t)m m mTHE WEATHER.The weather man pulled a badtrick on us Saturday and Sunday,and with the assistance of JupiterPluvius, driver of the celestial water-wagon,sent a downpour of rainSaturday night.For about two hours the rain fellin torrents, causing great discomfort to pedestrians and shoppers.The rain was of great benefit togrowing gardens and farm crops,which, with a few days of sunshine,will spring up with renewed vigor.Sunday the weather was raw and disagreeable, a cold wind prevailingnearly all day. Yesterday wasbright and clear, but cold, the thermometer registering 50 degrees.The forecast for the Ohio ValleyandTennesse is for fair weather today and to-morrow, with prospectsfor a continuation of the samethroughout the week.min-PARIS MAN PARTICIPATES INMOONSHINE BAD).The Huntington, West Virginia,Adevrtiser, of recent date, has astory of a raid on moonshiners inthe mountains of that State, inwhich Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., lately ofParis, took part.The arrests of the 'shiners wasmade after the arresting party hadlain in wait for them two days,during which time they had onlyone meal, and were exposed to theweather. But they hung on grimly,and at the proper time, made acescent on the moonshining factory,where they captured six men, andfifteen gallons of moonshine whiskey. The men were taken by surprise and were handcuffed beforethey could put up much resistance.rrl 1.J rfit.ni nl.nSB "1TI t.Tltxney visiveu uiuct v -w-mountains where the eence oftijjjs hd "be iToYt v hut Tkealaem bad o out, th still moy-M the m :SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comisgs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and -Elsewhere.Mr. A. J. Fee has returned froma business trip to Cincinnati.Mrs. Carl Crawford returnedyesterday from a winter's stay inSt. Petersburg, Florida.Miss Margaret Doyle has returned to her home in Lexington,after a visit to Paris relatives.Mr. A. S. Thompson has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. G. C.Thompson, Jr., on their ranche, nearAllensville, Ga.Prof. J. A'. Carnaelv. of Danville.president of the Kentucky Educational Association, was a businessvisitor in Paris, Saturday.Miss Gladys Snam. of Paris.underwent an operation for appandi-citis at the Massie Memrolial Hostal, in this city, yesterday morning.Mr. W. Warren White, of Lexington, was the week-end guest ofhis parents, Mrs. W. W. White, whohave an apartment at Pine Crest.Mr. B. A. Bonnell, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of his daughter, Mrs. A. L. Boatright, and Mrs.Boatright, at their home on Walkeravenue.Mr. Elmer Fryer, of Falmouth,has taken a position as assistant inthe signal maintenence departmentof the Louisville & Nashville, iuParis.Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock, Mrs.Duncan Bell and Mrs. Robert J.Neely, of Paris, will attend the sessions of the Bbenezer Presbyterial inCovington this week.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancockand Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford,of Paris, will occupy boxes in thegrand stand at the big race meetin Lexington this week.Mrs. Lee Starke, of Louisville,and Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, were guests from Saturday toMonday of Mrs. S. Kenney Nichols,of Thirteenth and High.Mr. I. D. Thompson, who hasbeen under medical treatment at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, returned there Sunday to go under the care of a specialist.Miss Anna Louise White has returned from Purdue University, atLafayette, Ind., where she attended ahouseparty given by the Sigma Nufraternity of the University.Mr. J. Ei Halleck, of the National Life Insurance Co.'s localforces was taken to the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Saturday, where he will undergo treatment. Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,of Paris, who is a member of theState Game and Fish Commission, attended a meeting of the ExecutiveCommittee of that organization heldin Frankfort last week.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, of nearParis, is improving from a recentillness at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. During her absence from home her sister, MisJessie Spencer, of Lexington, hasbeen with her children. MasterWinston Ardery, who has been visiting his aunt for three weeks, accompanied her home Sunday.Miss Kate Alexander and Mr.Charlton Clay, of Paris, were members of a theatre party to the BenAli Theatre, in Lexington, on Friday evening, which was followed bysupper at the Phoenix Hotel. Theother members of the party were Dr.and Mrs. T. A. Goodson, Dr. andMrs. Henry Foushee, Mrs. Wm. Stoll,Jr., Mrs. Minerva Goodwin, and Mr.Kenneth Alexander.(Other Personals on Page 5.)ismteBOURBON'S FINANCES IN PRETTYGOOD SHAPE.MILLETT CASE TAKEN UNDERADVISEMENT BY SPECIALJUDGE.The taking of testimony in thecase of the Commonwealth of Kentucky vs. the Mechanics NationalBank & Trust Co., of Knoxville,'Tenn., executors of the estate of thelate Mr, Pat J. Millett, was concluded in the County Court late Fridaafternoon before Special Judge Geo.R. Hunt, of Lexington. The attorneys on both sides of the case citedauthorities on the points at issue andsubmitted the case without argument.. Judge Hunt took the cageunder advisement and will announcehis decision at a later date.The suit was brought by thecounty in an endeavor to determinewhether or not Mr. Millett was alegal resident of Paris. The countyis endeavoring to collect back taxesfrom the estate. Mr. Millett in hi?lifetime owned and occupied . theHibler farm, on the Jackstown pike,near Paris, besides valuable propertyin Kentucky and Tennessee, valuedat several hundred thousand dollars.The suit was for the purpose of collecting taxes for the years 1912 to1917, during which years Mr. Millett resided most of the time in thiscounty.The Commonwealth was represented by County Attorney David D.Cline and State Revenue Agent D.W. Gilfillin. The executors wererepresented by Mr. Emmett M. Dickson, of Paris, and Judge M. Jones,of Knoxville, and Mr. Millett's sister,Mrs. M. Griffin, and Mr. Griffin, bothof Knoxville, both of whom wetepresent, were represented by JudgeHaskill, of Knoxville.SUSPECT ARRESTED.A man giving his name as Chas.Wagoner, who had been acting in asuspicious manner near the couithouse, Saturday afternoon, wasplaced under arrest late that afternoon by Chief of Police Link, on acharge of being a suspicious character. Wagner was taken to the ParisI jail. .i When arrested he wore overallsana army snues anu tuuieu. m umken English. He was asked by theofficer to show his registration papers, but pretended not to understand what was required of him. Hdeclined to make any statement concerning himself, his home, or as towhere he had been previous to coming to Paris. Nothing of a suspiciouscharacter was revealed by a searchof his clothes and what few personal'effects he had with him. It was theofficers belief that Wagner was anescaped prisoner from the internmentcamp at Atlanta, Ga. Chief Linkhas communicated with the authorities at Atlanta, detailing the circumstances of Wagner's arrest anigiving an accurate description of theman.Ha ?s teGermany's failure to give Mexicoany part of the United States did notprevent her fron offering Siberia toJapan.That the financial situation inBourbon county is in pretty goodshape, is evidenced from the recently published statements of tliebanks of the city and county, whichshows a total of $4,174,748.95 ondeposit in the institutions. The leadis taken by the Peoples and DepositBank of Paris, which shows a totaldeposits of ?1, 029, 361. 33. The deposits are divided among the eightbanks as follows:"Peoples & Deposit $1,929,361.3?.First National Bank . . 946,020.21Bourbon-Agricultural . 939,220.01Farmer, Millersburg .. 457,642.21Deposit, N. M. Town '. . 305,925.48Farmers & Traders ..' 255,603.22Exchange, M'burg . .. 166,509.58Farmers, Clintonville . 74,466.91Total $4,174,748.95CAPTURED THROUGH THE"ETERNAL TRIANGLE."The eternal triangle this time, inthe case of Charles Crafcraft, offBourbon county, was composed of ajealous woman, a telephone and apoliceman. Unfortunately for Charlesall three made the circuit promptlythereby causing Charles' arrest andimprisonment.Craycraft has been under indictment in the Bourbon Circuit Courton a felony charge, it having been?alleged that he had wilfully and feloniously abstracted and appropriated to his own use sundry geeseducks, chickens and other kinds ofpoultry, the property ' of variousfarmers in the North Middletownneighborhood. Upon learning ofthe indictment Craycraft disappeared and was not located until last Friday, when an unknown woman called Chief Link by long distance telephone from Lexington and informedhim that Craycraft was at that timeenroute for Winchester. Officers inWinchester set a dragnet for Craycraft, who was taken, into custodyat the railroad croasin'as the C, &O. train came in. -He was hrpughtto Paris by -Patrolman Lusk Satiir-,day afternoon and' placed in th2As a; brigade commander Czeninwill probably be just as unsuccessful as a peace advocate.We Have Acceptedthe Agency For theWHITESEWINGMACHINEWhich Has the NewImprovementsof"SIT-STRATE,"THE VIBRATORANDROTARY SHUTTLESTYLESThe Demonstrator WillBe Here All ThisIWeek.DaughertyBros.Fifth aufrkii'VA Wonderfully Complete Showingof Beautiful Styles in Women'sCoats, Suits, Dresses and Waists ' . ., .This week we call your attention to the distinctive and youthful styles in ourmid-season showing of Smart Coats, Suits, Dresses, Skirts, Waists, etc.In the Suits you'll find even the simple, tailoring models have the snap andservice usually obtained trom only the highest priced custom tailors.Perhaps you are missing the very garment you are wanting for Spring. Youare invited to see this showing while it is fresh.CHIC SUITS$25.00 to $75.00BEAUTIFUL DRESSES$15.00 to $25.00SMART COATS$15.00 to $50.00DAINTY WAISTS$1.00 to $15.00Charming Creations in Chic Millineryat $5.00 to $15.00We feel that your approval of this marvelous beauty showing of Millinery wilL.be certain and sure once you giue us the pleasure of showing it to you.This Week We Are Featuring Scores ofGage Hatsin a variety of bewitching.y lovely trimmed effects every hat a truly remarkablevalue at the above price.Silk UnderwearThe woman who loves pretty things will delight in this showing of Crepe deChine and Satin Underwear, in Teddy Bears, Corset Covers, Gowns, etc. in prettyflesh and white effects.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET224-228 W. MAIN ST-PARIS, KY.LEXINGTON, KY:,You Will Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anAUTOMATIC!The DAtenf&dtJBotte-JtaideiiLAn excIusJwctlAUTOMATICmmssmiHll!iJ'II" 'llli'l7IMl.i.BUY ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and wateryour ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers- ofthe Automatic.The water cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelainand there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plui.Step in and look, at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJ.T.HINTOtfCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH-UNDERTAKINGC1T HERPHOIMC"3PTitr, C t 'SIXTH AND MAIN STS.'Juifc-3'&vk 5 --5-ijv-',,'"-;'-T -;v-"WW-.- V.V- i $t-ri&rxu':..:??"unAefyTHU BOURBON KYW& PA1IS, IT.tif-iX aSVf ' 'uT?- !!TDBMBDAT, APRIL ftlffCr'Mm.v.n,., yT-fJ- -- : " " V ' "J'IS " V& ffffi.:? ' y;y.f---'t.W -,- .T - i"flw5t'np-Iw-WvfwKMWj&icKW,7 ",Lii"'J -polyfrThere Is NoMonoiii the packing industry.Swift & Company, although the largest packer,handles not to exceedone-eighth of the totalmeat production of theUnited States.The five large packersdo not handle to exceedone-third of the total meatproduction of the UnitedStates.Swift & Company is not incombination with any otherpackeror packerato control prices.There is very active competition in the buying of. live-stockand equally keen competition inthe sale of dressed meats andby-products.1918 year book of interesting andinstructive facts sent on request.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, Illinoisi.Swift & CompanyU. S. A.tteinnmttjfFmiiiHrnffMinnfffhiffniinrniinrnrFiraHiHiHProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNAINAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR.WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.The worst thing about a curtainlecture is that it doesn't call for anasbestos curtain.xf?ifravc!Brf r"M UMH and preventsBBBSI Till tnnaf IfinsAvmia lailV U ,S-ol all baby chick dia- TT lliLcDiarrhoeaThlt most daneeroua lA m tAol all baby chicle dls- TT llilCmm positively.prevented.or cored.by putting 2 or 3 drops orBourbon Poultry RemedyIn the drlnklne -water darlne thfirst ten day 8. Cures gapes, cholera.sorehead, roup and colds. A 50abottle makes 12 cations of medicine. At drugelets or by mallpostpaid. Poultry Book Free.urban Rcmatfy C DtptW Lexington, KvSfc-' I 1&&&& jEjAjL. & N. TIME TABLE," - (Effective February 10, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.)TWAINS FROM ARRIVALMs.14 Atlanta, daily 5:20 amIt Rowland, daily except Sunday . . .......7:31, am,17 Maysville, daily except Sunday- .,...7:88 am4t Lexington dally except Sunday. ..,... ,S-. . . . .:. . . . , . . .7: 40 amf Cincinnati, O., daily 10:05 am13 Lexington, daily ...10:07am,M Chicago, daily .... .' 10:20 am9 MaysYille, Daily'Except Sunday.. .-. 5:40 pm1J8 Xiexington, Bally . .. . .v 3:15 pm38 Knoxville, Tnn., Daily; 3:15 pm,34 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday .. 6:30 pm31 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily , 6:45 pm134 Lexington Daily 10:23 b m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ,. . . 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only 12:30 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only .. 5:40 pmTRAINS . FOR ' "" LEAV.34 Cincinnati, daily . : ..... . . 5:25 am41 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday.--............... ... l".v 7:45 am--17 Lexington daily except Sundayj.... ". 7:47 amJ30 Maysville, daily except Sunday . . 7: 45 an-vl3 Lexington, daUy except Sunday '. 10:28 amyJ7 Knoxville, daily ..; . 10:35 am.'33 Jacksonville, dally . : 10:25 am29 Lexington, daily 8:25 pm'It Cincinnati, dally V .V.7 .'. .. ..3:25 pm. 34 Laxington, dally except Sunday.'. .........;. . , ; . S f 7 isf Rowland, Daily except Sunday !.'.!!7l'M amilC Maysville, daily except Sunday ..-.. 6-45 Sm;t Chicago, dally 6:50m"iA "ISKt I?!lT "; ....'..-.. .10:38 pmi? TMafS21I! i7 only ' ' -'.." 12:35 pm0S Lexington, Sunday only 4:47 pmf4 'VABXjSI-M&t FrattocL Ky,. . -. 4 . '' - TWAIWa iRBluc a-,.w-V. X.DallT "r- Bnd' "' . '"' - ........ .'STrmmtt, JKy., Dally jtamdur., ...,.' .v.ti.;..... TRAIN.BFART FOR r1 JssJcJsct fe, Daily Bx. jtjsy ..;.7XI yssaMirr, r,, Dally Bx. w4ay. .V.. ......,. m'.;?:. ,Jfat .i- --y.: sr. a. jb -V8-ka.-.Jail' f. 3S"No agency in the world is doingso much to relieve suffering and aidto the comforts of the brave boyswho are now fighting our battles asthe Red Cross and no other so fullyIs entitled to our sympathy and support. The need of money to continue and increase the scope of worltthat the noble wonien and men areengaged in for humanity is urgentand the Natio-nal Association ofwhich Woodrow Wilson is presidentshas asked the American people tocontribute $100,000,000 to4 thocause, and Kentuckians are askedfor $9Q0jQQ0 of it. Casliier John R.Downing, of the Phoenix and. ThirdNational Bank, of Lexington, hasbeen m&de State Chairman and Mr.S. W. Calder, Executive Secretary,with offices at Lexington. They willbe supported by a board of competent men. selected from all over theState, who bring business methodsand enthusiasm to the cause.The drive for raising Kentucky'squota; will be jmade during the weekof May 20-27 and arrangements arebeing perfected for its success. Theintervening time will be used to create interest in the matter and awaken the people to the duty of contributing with unstinted liberality tothe glorious cause. Chairmen arebeing appointed for each county andthe amount that each will be asked,to give fixed. These chairmen willmeet with the board in Louisville.April 23.Already interest has been arousedin sections of the State, and peopleare going to work not only to raisethe requisite amounts, but to sendit away over the top. For instance,the W. G. Duncan Coal Co., ofGreenville, which operates the Graham and Lucerne jmines, has giventhe output of a day and the minerstheir wages to the Red Cross, the operators in addition contributing dollar for dollar with the amount of thewages of the men, who number some800. This coal will be shipped withthe Red Cross seal on it and soidfor the benefit of the organizationand is expected to b'ring much moreon that account. All the mines inthe State will be asked to makesimilar contributions and speakerswill visit them to tell what the RedCross is doing and why it needs ourassistance.In Warren County, the greatstrawberry section, Mr. Charles S.Nahm has secured from the Strawberry Association a car load of berries for shipment east to be auctioned off for the benefit of the RedCross, each box and v crate to jemarked with its seal and they willdoubtless bring a large amount Joadd to the fund. Mr. Nahm is aioarranging to have a; car load of hogscontributed, with every prospect cfsuccess. He is one of the wideawake men of the State, and fullyi,mbubed with the worthiness of thecause and the necessity of the greatest liberality towards it. It is hopedthat these examples. will be emulated and that each part of the Statewill vie with the others in raisingthe largest amount.BILLION BUSHEL CHOP OFWHEAT PREDICTED.A billion-bushel wheat crop fromthe farms of the country for 1913was predicted by delegates to th2sixteenth annual meeting of- the Millers' National Federation, in sessionin Chicago.The federation voted to recommend to the milling division of theFood Administration that the 30 percent, allotment of their output foethe Allies be increased to the maximum available tonnage for shipment.The recommendation was made after Colonel H. B. Tasker, of London;and head of the wheat export company in New York, told of the privations suffered in England andothers of the allied countries."Still we're hungry," he said."But the Allies are still hungry,and if you can spare a little more.flour for God's sake send it."PLANS TO EIX PRICES OF SHOESAND CLOTHES.E. MWBIELER'SBIGRUGSPECIALA GAR LOAD OP RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, Torus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offerRoom Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We are not the" biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for the:judge of prices.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household. , rE. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETS:As a war measure the governmentis about to 'say what the consumershall pay for the shoes he walks inand the clothing he wears.The fixing of prices on finishedcotton, leather and woolen goods, isnear. Experts of the War Industries Board have -been studying theproblem from every angle, and nq.wthe revolutionary economic step',isdeemed absolutely necessary.Officials of the board refused -todiscuss the nratter, but it is understood this price-fixing may conicwithin ten days.m in iwOH,SUCH A CONSCIENCE! THEKAISER IS GRIEVED.Emperor WilUan receatly made avisit to the battlefield. 'near Queaht,west of Cambrai, a war- correspondent of the Berlin Lokal Anzeigerwrites."His majesty's silence was broken,only once," he-says, "when he remarked to an, officer who stood- beside him: "W:hat,b!a.ve?r not doneeibh preserve the world from these hpirors?' "Each uneasy lie roin EmpererCharles confirms - -the old, -sayingUneasy- Ue th'e5head 'that wears-;crown.f '; v . t "-- , i - ''' ''. " ,,.,TWIN BROS.Department StoreSpecialJnnouncernent ,Ladies'SilkDressesValues up to $14.50, go at$8.95A large assortment of theNewestLadies',SilkWaistsin' many beautiful designsat$3.98 eachLook Over These ItemsAnd It Will Help You:Ladies'Muslin UnderwearGingham Dresses,Corsets, Etc.We are Agtnts Fr Ladies'Homt Journal Patterns10c and 15c.TwinBrosDepartment StrrGEO. VV. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137? NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyIIA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfaction 'by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledg ethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692?Now is thee Timeto Figure oris YourSpring Painting.&& .vv -. ":-ANDt-Papering.Let Urs Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order. GallLis Over Home Phone 399FfcKANEtJVp.' h V - " . -"S.."9. .'f ,'TUESDAY APRIL '23, i18.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, Kt.J9FOODS TASTE BCTTER COOKEDTOBAJCCO TA5tis BETTERTOASTEDSince the day of the caveman, whoKfced his meat raw, civilization haslearned a lot about the scientific treatment of the things we eatNaturally none of us would nowprefer to have our meat raw, our potatoes as they come from the ground,cur coffee unroasted.And naturally follows the great discovery recently made by The American Tobacco Co. that tobacco tastesbetter TOASTED!This wonderful new ideasimplelike all great inventions was firstused in producing the. famous LUCKYSTRIKE Cigarette made of toastedBurle? tobacco.Burleyhas a mellow flavor, entirelydifferent from the tobacco usuallyused for cigarettes. It is a pipe to-' baccoandLUCKY STRIKE Cigarettestaste like a pipe.frlTSWaTFORREATMENTKentuckian Believes New TanlacMedicine Will Banish Kheu-matism Entirely.iA!H, ' t 4r '-M--4 JyimWAR SAVINGS STAMPS BmiHQLIBERTYLOfeMgMGiN-"Slow but sure" is a mighty goodmotto for the young man who is inclined to be fast.a,Oar Two Black JacksiQIRRELLY HON"AND"BULL SPEARS"-will make the season at our place,3 miles from Paris on the MaysTille pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, bigTon.e, mealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo)Another Kentuckian has given astatement strongly indorsing the newTanlac Rheumatism Treatment. Themerit of this new Tanlac medicinein cases of rheumatism is now widelyknown all over Kentucky and hundreds are finding it highly beneficial. Folks in other States are beginning to take it, too."I was agreeably surprised whenTanlac Rheumatism Treatment began, helping my, rheumatism soonafter I started taking it," said LCarter, a retired resident of PeweeValley, a suburb of Louisville, Ky."I was bothered with rheumatismall over my body," Mr. Carter continued. "It was especially seveiein my hands and arms. My handsand arms were usually badly swollen. "I had been bothered with rheumatism for years and had triedeverything without result when afriends advised me to try TanlacRheumatism Treatment."As I said, I was agreeable surprised when' the treatment startedhelping me almost right away afterI began taking it. The swelling in.my hands and arms began goingdown immediately and my handsand arms are in good shape now."I believe that with a thoroughtrial Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentwill banish my rheumatism entirelya-nd I recommend this treatmentfor others."Get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentto-day! You can. get atGARDEN & SON'S.Take Tanlac, the famous tonic, andget your system back in shape ifyou feel run. down? To feel good isthe best thing on earth. Yey canget Tanlac at.VARDEN & SON'S.(adv-aprl9-23)ForLcndtfimENOCH MORGAN'SSONS CO.nnnliHHKtnmHm323sSaBuySAPOLIOFor ,ECONOMYPATRIOTISM"Actions speak louder fhartwords-Act -Dorit Talk -Buy NowThe Nation's NeedsCome FirstAny patriotic American would glady standaside and give his place anywhere to an officeron government duty.The placing of the Bell telephone system at thedisposal of the government, as was done whenwar broke out, involved the same patriotic obligation. During the months of military preparedness,the War and Navy Departments had the serviceof the most comprehensive and efficient telephonesystem in the world. And it must be kept so. In,the face of the unprecedented demand from private sources, every government ned must andwill be met.The government comes first, but we are .doing everything thfttscience can suggeat and thatmoney can accomplish, to maintain our generalservice at th tisual standartT 'of efficiency. Aloyal organiiatioiiis working continuously, to ineetthe increased demands and your MJttot cora?tn will pwnre Wpful and insswTelephone nsewcan,hdpy.jitolding,usalesscoiiTifsatfon and by' encouraging their employesand asaoeUUie;to use,nieliphoni only whenwmSm thdAy,,andtd'iMke thtir nrmtiohs brief :With tfcii patriotic attitude of the publicwarHus Wcah serve'tKe government first andrender a service that wmefghe.reaujrenpjsof the commercial 'and social world.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedJSarMwiNTTO STATtS OF AMWKANational War savings CommitteejgmiiB whom. .McuoaApril 6, 191SPnMsAU SMaSJCTSMlB)JsBasssj PB JBlSWSSBBBSWar nats ,Jreniti-of tan Third Liberty LoantoXa rUm of ins opeaiinsi lodftf I ass it adrissDi o txpiain to all Warworkolo In our territory tbs relationship that itaw ShotOa ba nalsUlnea fcsvrssn vm and tba. ..."M mam nrvh pvv a wvuu uv no sxoni.ii4mm wbatsvsr i tba work of tba nar SaTinga CoHMittees.Libertythere ahould be no slowingimrally ipflnwd X oaji too no raaaon why the two oamwalcM abould ooaAftot la oy war. Frlmerilire boiag pott forth to enlist as inveatora In Governmentwar Jriaoriiy, our effortsas inveatora In GovernmentLtiea teas of waUUoiM of peopla in the United stateswho aaajot afford to bwr Liberty Bomda. and it necessarilyfollowa that-e to tbooe people our efforts ahould not beaisawJniil tat siafle day. m Mpoot U soil large amountsf Ikjr Savltajs maipe to people who aleo are aubeorlbersV Liberty Boodisstyl who desire to assist the Governmentby parobmilna Overy form of ofrlifation Issued by it, atleat ilsi'ii the period of the war. The fundamental prinoipiebeolt of 'lbs far Svimf oajipeia 1$ to tea oh the lesea of Ifcrift and Se.vinQ. arid obviously this 'can best besoOBplisbad by the constant and regular purchase of ThriftStassj and lar Sevinfs Stasips. The oombined efforts of allwerysra for lar lv4ne ad Liberty Bonds should and willfi'fwHjn a fervor of eotbasiae and patriotism that willawfta it eoaaaratively easy to soil vest numbers of War vtavUgS Stssws wi-Umvt interfering with the sale of LibertyBex U Viotory Loan i Inland in 1917 , theamis of tor Smni Oertlf leaies wire enormously increased,eevl to.tsjo awsjllii ar Savings Sooietles was given the creditfor pttttdac tbe loom wf to the thousand Million sterlingTowrs very trwly.Sfcte Direetor for KentuokyENDLESS CHAINPLAN ENDORSEDSHOULD BE USED IN KENTUCKYTO SELL STAMPS.IME SAM HEEDS THE CASHTEACHERS MUST SERVEWAR SAVINGS SOCIETIES AMONGPUPILS A DUTY.Delay In Organizing Children To HelpBoar Burdens of War Helps Nobody But tho Enemy.Write Rvo Letters to Five FriendsUrfiAff Buying of Stamps and En-otoofog One for a Starter QsodStand for Every Patriot.LovJsrtlls, Ky. ISadfoss chain letters from oar sister states are reachins; Kentvcky. These commiinicattoxMappeal to .the reofpi nts ot the lettersto hay. firs Thrift Cards fo4 tftv,Mcent Thrift StatnpsV iasUaT .them tofive friends. Tbfts is an excellent ideaand should be worked extensively inAiir aihii otataThe Gorernment is in great need'of ready money, and an endles chainseries of letters will produce thousands of dollars in a short time. Anexpenditure of 91-25 for five ThriftStamps placed on fire Thrift Cardsmay mean $1,600 for our Gorernmentbefore the chain is finished.We suggest that you start an endless chain letter today. Go to yourpostoffice or bank and get five ThriftCards and five 25-cent Thrift Stamps.Place the stamps on the cards, thenwrite five letters to five friends, requesting each one of them to writefive, letters to their friends, askingthem to act in a similar manner.When you consider the great numberof persons that will be reachedthrough this channel, it is worthwhile.Here is a suggestion for'an endlesschain letter:Dear Bill: Enclosed you will finda Thrift Card, with one 25-cent stamp.Uncle Sam needs the money. I havestarted you off on the right path. Buystamps frequently. I have written tofour other friends enclosing them aThrift Card. I want you to go over tothe postoffice or yotir bank at onceand buy tve Thrift Cards and five 25cent stamps and mail them to five ofyour friends. In your letters to yourfriends, ask them to join the army ofThrifters and keep up the links of thisendless chain. Spring is here, andplanting time is at hand. Every ThriftStamp sent out will serve 'as seed fora financial harvest to be reaped byor Uncle Sam. Tour 91-25 requiredfor the purchase of five Thrift Stampsmay help end the war. I know youwill be willing to spend five quartersto help perpotuate Liberty and bringmappiness to us all."The abort letter is merely a suggestion. Write any Wmd'of a letterthat is appealing, and you will be sryrised at the results. Let us all gettogether today and start the Mmks ofour endless chain.WHY NOT IN OUR STATE?Kontweky Sanka Stout Emulate Ex-To the First National Bank ofKeYsjoce, S. f, falls tne dlstUstioa' ofWing the tret toak im the .enttro country wafrhaantsS tf Wc trying dividends, in War Savings t Stemsslid in UbertrBoaas.'ThU is Reported Jn the "Director," a bsllotla issnoday the National War Savings Ctotwiittee at Washington, T. C.A slose ssoon4 to the Florence hankit the Union "National Bank of Columbia, wnlch nai adopted a similar planf P7lg dividends to stockholders inWar Savings Stamps and LibertyBonds. This bank also nnya U directors in Thrift StanYf,Every school teacher in the landis commissioned to organise a WarSavings Society among pupils.It is an honor, distinction and privilege, all combined in one, and few,indeed, will fail to seise this opportunity to give expression to their patriotism and love of country.Thousands of school War SavingsSocieties have already beam formed.Thousands more mutt yet be organ-;ised, and the "spirit of America" translated into effective service by schoolohildren to .help win the war.The time is past when any publicbody, old or young, can longer ignorethe all. School children have a rightto bear their own part in the greatwdrld struggle and every schoolroommust be made into a real fighting unitfor thrift, with every one savingmoney with as much eagerness as theyspent it before.The school children of America aremobilizing. Hear the tramp, tramp,tramp of twenty million school children every one of them a pledgedWar Saver in the service of his country. Eager faces, looking up in confidence and faith to the country whichgave them birth, saving their nickelsand dimes and changing them,through Thrift Stamps, into mightydeeds of valor on the field of actionwhat a wonderful picture of true democracy! If any school teacher has not yetorganized a schoolroom War 'SavingsSociety has not yet caught the spirit"to have a part" in the great war,now Is the time to "right-about-face"and lead the charge from the trenchesof Thrift. Delay in organizing theseWar Savings Societies helps no onebut the enemy.County chairmen should make surethat every school teacher is alive tothe situation. 'He should follow up, check up, untilhe knows that not a schoolroom in hiscounty rural or city is missing fromthe ranks.i w. s. s.FROM THE FIRING LINEFrom Chairman Richard P. Ernst, ofCovington:"Committees are meeting regularlyevery Monday afternoon at my officehere and reports are coming in fine.The growth is constant, and each committee shows marked improvement inreports."From Chairman L. D. Jones, ofWayne county:"We have labored under many r disadvantages Jn .this county, but I surpose many "of the Mountain countieshave the same problems,. and' I realisehat these disadvantages mnko kxnUthe more importanTfe) nsish and pushhard. ' I shall leayo no stone unturnedto overcome' our difncuMsis - and 'bringor pari of the State up to Ins'nropnrnlaee in this important work. -From Chairman P. C. Andrews, ofLogan sxmnly: "'Turwuny 'night we had twe nig ratlies for the 'Thirst Liberty Loan andFriday our pottmaa'ter sold 41,20 andtoday 9600 in War Stamps, so yon seethat every campaign 'that is put onkelps us, and this is just what we nee4in Logan county.AxsmxiX3&9XsriggfIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.XSatisfaction guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYColumbia Grafonolas6.sllssssBsf nunnnnnn 'etSS snuBnnL.. J- awColumbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00rColumbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDCRY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYFrom Postmaster J-. B. Yatan,Care City:"The people ara mors and mom hvterested and wakinnnap to their nntof late.' I am sure this month iriE-fcS)imy best so far in. the campaign."The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWiichwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Lexington RacesFIFTEEN DAYSApril 23 to May 9, Inclusive.Eight Valuable Stakes - BestHorses in America will Contest.APMISSIQFN:Gentlemen $165which will include, war tax.sLadieswhich will include war tax.$1.10Children Under Slxtttn Y?ts f Aft Not Admitttd T" THsVGraunds.VFirst Race at 2:15 O'clock Each Day,,Rain or Shine!- i 'JssFTTZjf ft4Jf -fe?V-V ?skewmtrmr r Vfryr-.ci-36, V lr-fci-c.tr-ik.Vg" f-2S SS-2tv" JkiS -mV-fsi-wi"Vs r ,rv' v "r jfrr'a.5Cn?-': 1- &(T & " "5.-trh.--It "'TkC . 1ra' w;-;:ftV '- -'A -"-. r.JT' " ?-.:-p.J'x:J&. ;:".VOMvtf -'--'.fc 1'HJSi OUUKISVI HJDiTTO, fAKUS. JVI.TUESDAY, AFttn. , 118.TME13GHTU$W f$-1 -fc "-H; Mill IMMI III HHH II ttH I II HI I iH II HATuesday, April 23dWednesday, April 24thThomas H. Incc PresentsDorohty Da lionIN"LOVI UTTERS"From the Story by Shannon Fits.Harold Lloyd in a "Luke"Comedy.liearst-Pathe News No.-27.Thursday, April 25thj.PaSlas Pictures CorporationPresents tvi VI AN MARTININ"A Kiss For Susie"From the story by 'Paul West.CAPTIVATINGCONSTANCETALMADGEEarle Fox ami a Sufcerb Cast in a SelectPictures Film Play"The Studio Girl"A charming comedienne in a charmingcomedy. It will warm your heart to see it--T' 1:1J. T. Hinton Co.y&NiERTAKBRSAND MMBALMMRS'- -'-.:. 1- aAlso Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe Fourth Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"J-Mainand SixthStreets -.Paris Ky.Day phone. 36,Night : . . 56or Home 286Tyr r.- .. .., m-. . -.,. . . - -y- yTvt -ey'- :-- - - - ' -v - x- .-. ,-. ; Vf. r. :-. ',', - ? . - 4"'".k"V . ? X J . : ;, Z '. : v-TT- f : '- '. 'Tk4-At!r''&te.-.4Motor equipment.J T Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our TLimousine invaua isoacn.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.tl III I M 'H I II H-tftf IHU'I 'H''M"M'lf ll"l1 ...... ..444' grounas tnis atternoon. Tne gameai:-(MILLERSBURGwill be called at 2:30 sharp. TheM. M. I. team had scheduled a gameivith the Cynthiana team, but the..- 44 mness or one or tne players com-.. j pelled the game to be called off.-- llrs. Mary L. Huffman is at home! Miss Mildred Bruce will give af ter spending the winter in Paris, concert at M. M. I. auditorium Friday' v.. Mr. and Mrs, A. T. Maffett am evening at eight o'clock, in voice.' " -spending two weeks at Martinsville, Miss Bruce is one of our most prom-Ind. j ising young ladies, possessing raretalent in voice. She possesses a pure-. -' Mrs- c B- Stmith have SOprano voice, which makes it possi-sreturned after a two-weeks' sojourn ble for her to interpret in a pleasing--. -iat Dawson Springs. manner any vocal number she at-x air, T, H. Gilmore, of Camp tempts. For the past season she has, ""Zachary Tyalor, Louisville, was at been under special training of ProJiome Saturday and Sunday. fessor Per Nielson, of Lexington.. , ; Messrs. J. M. Mason, Allen Ma.- She is a young lady of great prqifc-' csoa and E. D. Baldwin attended ise. Jjjvery one should avail: vcounty Court at Flemingsburg yei- themselves of the great opportunity:terda,y. I of hearing her. She will be assisted' Jlr. Allen Ingels, of Unit No. 40,' by otherfl--pf Jamp Taylor. Louisville, will ar-' THe Cfcdets of M. M. I. put on"-orive liome Wednesday to remain uti-'the popular three-act comedy drama.'"Hil rlflay. I at M. M. M. I. auditorium, Friday- Mr. E. D. Baldwin and family 'evening, to a large audience. The- --rmM! -mmr this wapV fmm mnm i comedy was under th& direction of'-, -&e.Best Ihit to the property of Mr. Mrs. C. M. Best, and it is needless to1 JS-R Butler 1 sa a it was well rendeteff. The' ' a 3,0 nf w,uw B,w iJatory presented a number of yoirpgr---A ofciXX, Z- TT i college graduates who had,-formed aTnLtl w?c ZZl ai ,f ltA bachelor club. It was full of perplex-y re weanesaay atternoon. j morous from start to nniSh. Most of--Mr. F. A. Jones has moved his the material was new and untried,ddle sLad-'haraess store from thn but under the skilled management ofproperty of Ingels heirs to that of Mrs. Best, many would doubtless, . Birs. Sue Sandusky, recently vacated Jiave believed that they had made" sthe poolroom oI Mr. I. F. Forman. many subsequent appearances on theMr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington stage. The music was furnished bvv , . "returned Monday from Atlanta, Ga , the M. M. I. orchestra, under the di-l . vhere Mr. Corrington has been un- lection of Prof. Trost, of Lexington,- dor the care of a. specialist for the who for the past several years hasniT. pasl two weeks. been in charge of the orchestra. A.Mr. and Mrs.' W. N. Cabler nice little sum was realized, which--r yr&re guests of Mrs. Neppie Rigdon. is to be used for the purchase of aTharsday and Friday. They were en ; service flag, and to rent tents forJwsraate from Florida, where they hae the home-coming, which will takespBW the winter, to their home m place in June, that being the twen-Maysville. j ty-fifth anniversary of the schoolMisses Maguire, " Georgia Mc-! im im IKDaniel; Nannie Clarke and Hazel'JK.err"wiS-leave- Wednesday for LoaIsville to attend the meeting of theKentucky Educational Association,- They will remain until Saturday.- THE SfCK'Mrs. America. But-""-"er .remains about the same; Mrs. If.- j; Faith is"' Somewhat improved; Mrs.?E&rl Hill is improving; Mrs. "Rhodat. "Co away," of Cynthiana, is at the bed -J a daughter.r . 'side of her sister, Mrs. Fannie 'Nor-j Near Hutchison, to the wife of.Jtojl. I Mr. Root. BdL a dauerhto.r. p.ftrfe-Lieut. J. W. Miller and wife, jfened Roberta. Mrs. Bell was forimp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, ma . ,,. e nwT, . .BIRTHS.Bonr,. last Tuesday, to' the wife-of Robert Bell, of Bethlehm pikrCamp-were at home Saturday. Lieut, Mi3r will leave Camp Taylor ixp&'fewdays for Camp Gordon, Ga.r wheielie will remain for a short time, afier which, he will sail for France. :"- Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes, who was.oaiied to ier home at Chicago, about'tea. days ago, on account of the ill-- TiesB of Tier son, Mr. James Hawes,- returned to the bedside of her moth-'-er,.Mrs. America Butler, Friday.-i-The baseball teams of the M. M.I. iad ther'Kentucky Wesleyan Collego will play a game on the M. M. I.merly Miss Orpha Scott, of Jessamine county.Near Paris,, to the wife of Mr.G. R. DeJarnett, a daughter; weightnine pounds.. Miss DeJarnett wasformerly Miss Eladys Earlywine, ofParis.At Sfr&wftan, to the wife of ITr.Walter Davis, a daughter; firstchild; weight nine pounds; christened Virginia Lee Davis. Themother was formerly Miss FrankieFrye, of Shawhan.,mjjHsill.THE CELEBRATED CLEAR TONECRESCENTOLATALKING MACHINE!NOT "JUST ANOTHER TALKING MACHINE"BUT A "BETTER ONE"AT LESS THANONE-HALF COST OF ITS EQUALThrough afavortble business connection we are ableto offer you this Talking Machine on a direct-from-the-factory selling plan tha saves our coustomers many dol-. lars. We have eliminated a large part of the usual sellingexpense, and give out customers the benefit of this saving.Hear the Clear Tone CrescentolaExamine it carefully, form your own opinion, and get ourprices and terms.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co.PricesAt the Alamo Children war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13e war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.DEATHS.ROGERS.Mr. Harvey A. Rogers, aged sixty-eigit, one of the best-known farmers in Clark county, died at hishome near. Wade's Mill, in thatccunty, at an early hour Sundayimorning, of a complicatio-n of kidneyand heart troubles.Mr. Rogers was a native of Bourbon county, and related to the Rogersfamily residing near Cane Ridge.He was a man who was highly esteemed "by all who knew him. v He issurvived by his widow, who was formerly Miss Annette Gaitskill,' oneson, Mr. Frank Rogers, and onedaughter, Mrs. Lee Wainscott, thelatter a resident of Winchester.1The funeral arrangements had notbeen completed as we went to presslast night. ...GREEN.Mrs. R. M. Green, mother of Mr.Charles Green, jmanager of the A, F.Wheeler & Co. store in Paris, diedSaturday at her home near Berea,after a short illness of double pneumonia. Mr. Green was called by a longdistance message Friday to hismother's bedside, telling of her serious illness, and reached there intime to be with her before the endcame. Mrs. Green is survived bytwo children, one son, Mr. CharlesGreen, of Paris, and one daughter,who resides near Berea. The funeralwas held yesterday morning at MejTo'clock, with services conducted utthe residence. The burial followedin the cemetery at Berea.DALZELL.The body of Elgiff Dalzell, thefirst Bourbon county soldier to diein the service of the United Statessince the nation went into the worldwar, arrived yesterday morning fromPhiladelphia, accompanied by fcsfather, Mr. C. H. Dalzefl: The bo;dy-was taken to the old home at LittieRock, where it will remain until today, when the intermerct will takeplace.Young Dalzell was a member Gfthe National Guard, stationed' at thePhiladelphia Navy Yard. His deathresulted from the effects of an operation performed in the arpiy hospitalat Philadelphia. He was a' younman of most amiable disposition a-ndwas greatly liked by his associateshere and in the army. His brother,Sherley Dalzell, who is stationed atthe army cantonment at San Antonio, Texas, arrived here last night toattend the funeral and burial.SMITH.The funeral of Mrs. JennieWithers Smith, widow of the lateMr. Samuel Smith, of Lexington,who died in the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, Friday night,was held from the residence, at 465Bast Main street, in Lexington t withservices conducted by Rev. I. J.Spencer, at 3:30 o'clock Sunday afternoon. The interment fdllowed" onthe family lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The pall-bearers were John.F. Davis, Withers Davis and" JoeDavis, of Paris, Chas W. Moore Bailey D. Berry, H. Spencer BVooker,Hal Price Headley and RodneyWithers,, the latter of "Cynthiana.Mrs. Smith's brother-in-law, Hon.Marcus Smith, TJ. S. Senator fromArizona, had expected to be able toattend the funeral, but found thathe could not reach Lexington in. timo.Mrs. Smith was one of the best-known -women in Central Kentucky,and had been ,a resident of Lexington for many years. -She was related to many families, notably theWithers and Smiths, in Cynthiana,and had many relatives, in other Central Kentucky cities and counties.BISHOP.The body, of "Mrs. Nora Bishop,formerly of this city, who died inTucson, Arizona, last week, wasbrought back to Kentucky tor burialyesterday. Mrs. Bishop was the' wifeof Mr. Ollie B. Bishop, who was formerly a brick contractor in Paris.Several weeks ago Mrs.t Bishop? being in deciinin. health, moved .withher family to .TqcaronMdciai , iho.cflwige oi.cuji la hoa.or retbring her health. She lived but ashort time after her arrival there.Mrs. Bishop was thirty-two years old.Besides her husband she is survivedby five children, one a baby only afew weeks old; her mother, Mrs.Nora Burns, and three brothers, Ben,Gano and Edward Duncan, all ofNicholas county.The funeral was held yesterdayafternoon at two o'clock, at thehome of Mr. Bishop's brother, HarryBishop, in Lexington, with servicesconducted by Rev. F. T. Mclntyre.The pall-bearers were James Shea,Thos. Congleton, Ben Duncan, GanoDuncan, Wallace Duncan and Edward Duncan. The interment tookplace in the Lexington Cemetery.lEa Id to-RELIGIOUS..The Pastors' Aid Society of theParis Presbyterian church will holdat ajl-day session to-day in the RedCross rooms in the court house.Officers for the coming year will beelected at this meeting, and otherbusiness of importance will be transacted. The Bourbon County GospelTeam, composed of representativesfrom the different churches of thecity and county, under the leadership of Mr. A. L. Boatright, of Paris,conducted services at the HutchisonChapel, Sunday afternoon, at threeo'clock. There was a good attendance, and all enjoyed the very interesting program presented.The Enlistment Force from theState Baptist Board and the Elkhorn Association will be present at ameeting to be held in the Paris Baptist church, on Thursday afternoonand evening, April 25. Those whowill take part in the exercises areRev. J. W. Beagle, Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, Prof. John L. Hill, ofGeorgetown College, and E. 0. Bryan,Corresponding Secretary of the StateBoard.- The afternoon meeting willbe held at three o'clock, the eveningat 7:30 o'clock.The sixty-first session of theSouthern Baptist Convention willbe held this year at Hot Springs,Ark., beginning on May 15. Largedelegations will come from each ofthe sixteen States in the South, andmany noted speakers will havespeakers on the program. In connection with the convention, thethirteenth annual meeting of theWoman's Missionary Union, auxiliary to the Southern Baptist Convention, will be held in Hot Springs,May 15 to 20.The Kentucky Holiness Association will meet in the Trinity Methodist Episcopal church, Third andGuthrie streets, in Louisville, April24 to 28. The Rev. Dr. Morrison,of Louisville, will be the leading figure in the convention, which willdraw its delegates from the Kentucky and Louisville Conferences ofthe Methodist Episcopal Church,South, and from the Kentucky Conference of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch.AutoService Iliaulins of Alf KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too big or bulky for usto handle.'--j..Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready attimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.allRATES MODERATE.T. G. MorrisNow is the TimeTo Buy Your NewSpring Footwear!t ifeOVER.Our stocks are complete in every detail,all the latest creationsat prices that only ourwonderful buying facilities can offer.Every Day of the Past Week Has Witnessed the New Arrivals ofHandsome Spring ShoesOxfords and Pumpsand now we present the largest and most beautiful selection of correct footwearever offered at unusually low prices.Ladies' Pearl Gray Boots and j qqand Oxfords $4rtJ9Ladies' Mahogany Tan Boots 4 rnand Oxfords ..:. $4.50Ladies' Black English Boots and aOxfords $1.99Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and tC AHOxfords : D.0OSBSSfcYl nr-. rr, . .mens ian or .Black,Shoes and j a AOxfords $4.00Men's Gu?n Metal But-kce?$3.49-$2.99K? T HiBSorA W KE-Sjv- viityk-J&z'All the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishLADIES' HIGH GRADE BOOTS, OXFORDS AND PUMPSAt Prices You Can'i Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.DANParis' Greatest Shote StoreCOHENWhere Beauty, and Economy ReignhJ