NEWSaa?VvVffi- .. A3,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 31, 1918JkTHEBOURBON,ffNOW COMES THE WAR SAVINGSSTAMP CAMPAIGN.Following closely on the heels ofthe recently-closed and highly-successfulRed Cross campaign in thiscity and county, will come the campaign for the sale of thousands ofWar - Savings or Thrift Stamps,which will be in full force in this territory by June 1.The campaign is destined to be infull force and effect from June 1, although Miss Elizabeth Steele of Paris,County Chairman, will have an officeopen in this city, in the Bourbon-Ag-TiculturalBank building in a fewdays. This office will remain open-until the last week in June. Saleswill be conducted on the streets by acorps of young women from the startto the close of the campaign. OnJune 28 a mass-meeting will be heldin- the Opera House. The big billboard in the court house yard will beutilized in the campaign with appropriate appeals to the public as to thenecessity of supporting the War Savings Stamp movement.Miss Steele, as Chairman, has selected the following corps of assistants, who will have charge of thework in their respective precincts:North Middletown, Mrs. John T. Collins and Mrs. Allie Dickson; Millersburg, Mrs. C. M. Besti and Mrs. Chas.Carrington; North Middletown No. 2,Mrs. Walter Kenney and Mrs. JamesDodge; Hutchison, Mrs. George Jacoby; Clintonville No. 2, Mrs. Thompson. Tarr; Clintonville No. 1, Mrs.Birdie Clay Webb; Leesburg, Mrs.Anna Belle Wallace; Clintonville,Miss Katherine Weathers; Shawhan,Mrs. George Current; Little Rock,Mrs. Elmer Boardman.To carry out the program of National economy demanded of theAmerican people by the war theymust adopt scientific and systematicmethods of economy. Spasmodicand periodic saving will not fulfillthe demand upon us.One method, that has been proposed and has the approval of the Treasury Department is for every American to pledge himself or herself toeconomize and save, and with thesavings at definite periods purchasespecific amounts of War SavingsStamps.We must give our Nation, we mustgive our men in arms, all thestrength and support possible. To dothis we must cut our own demandson the labor, material and money ofthe country to the limit, and increase to the limit the supply ofmoney, material and labor availableto the Government. All of our energies and resources should be devotedto the winning of the war, and to accomplish this we must economize,save and lend to the Government.A definite systematic plan of saving, strengthened by resolve and apledge to save and lend to the Government, will be productive of thebest results. The saving plan campaign is now on. Every patrioticAmerican should make a pledge tosave and keep the pledge.Ki Kl J51NOW DRILLING EIGHT WELLS.The Columbia Oil & Gas Companyis again fortunate. Through theirmanager, Mr. McClurkin, they wereable to secure a driller in Winchester a few days ago, with his rig allready to move on the train to Torrent, and thence to their property inLee county. Mr. McClurkin immediately closed a contract with him forfive wells, and work is to be rushedas rapidly as possible. This will makeeight wells which this progressive little Company are -now drilling.(28-2t)THE McCOMBS OIL COMPANY HASPROFITABLE PRODUCERS!In this issue appears the displayadvertisement of the McCombs OilCo., of which Hon. Abram Renick,formerly of Winchester, is president.The Company has offices in the InterSouthern Life Building in Louisville.The officers of the Company are;Hon. Abram Renick, president; H. A.Mohney, vice-president; B. A.Crutcher, vice-president and counsel;P. W. Davis, secretary; J. C. McCombs, treasurer.The Company now has holdings of17,000 acres, situated in Estill,Knott, Lee, Wolfe, Allen and Morgancounties, having production from sixty-sevenwells connected with pipelines on three tracts, which does notrepresent more than a fractional portion of the acreage. It is now Engaged in active drilling operations,five outfits being at work on some ofits other properties, all of which willbe developed as the Company progresses. A short time ago the Company closed a deal by which it acquired the entire holding of the.Belk-ett-IsemanOil & Gas Co.,, consistingof about four thousand acres of leasesin proved territory in Wolf county,on which' there are fifty-eight producing wells, connected with pipelines. .Mr. J. D. Hedrick is resident agentfor the McCombs Oil Company, andcan be found at the Windsor Hotelby anyone interested.1APPELLATE COURT DECISIONIn the Court of Appeals, at Frankfort, Wednesday, in the case of Clayvs. Clay, from the Bourbon CircuitCourt, the appellee filed a petitionfor rehearing with notice, and motion and grounds for oral argumenton petition with notice, to whichmotion the appellant objected, andwas given two days' time in whichto prepare and fllexwritten- groundsen objection. , .DANGEROUS PROPAGANDA HINTED IN PRINTED CIRCULAR.It was reported that Governmentagents were here yesterday investigating the printing and attemptedcirculation of a circular by coloredmen, which it was claimed, contained seditious and inflamatory mattercalculated to cause trouble with thelabor situation in this vicinity.At the instance of Federal AgentThompson, of Lexington, Chief ofPolice Link on Wednesday seized andsuppressed the further circulation ofa bunch of printed circulars, bearingthe names at the bottom of JohnAsher and Thos. Cage, two coloredbarbers.The handbill started out by reciting the struggle of the negro as aself-supporter and the part he hasplayed as a strikebreaker in settlingstrikes. It was claimed by the menwho had the circular printed that itwas merely intended as a blow atcolored barbers who had been accusedof cutting prices for .tonsorial work,but it contained what the police regard as some very inflammatorystatements, especially calling attention to the race riots in Eeast St.Louis some time ago. In one placethe circular deplored the fact thatcolored men were going to work infactories, on farms, in stores, etc., atwhat was considered low wages, and"Jim Crowing labor."The circular also deplored the factthat the white man was using thecolored man as a tool and in "settlingdifficulties when the white manwanted more money."It was generally admitted thatjust at this time, when there is ascarcity of labor and prices rulinghigh, the farmers and growers areface to face with a very serious problem, and it was thought the circulation of these handbills would havea bad effect. The circulars wereconfiscated, and the few that hadbeen placed in circulation were gathered up and destroyed. It is probablethat further action may yet be takenin the matter. In view of disturbances some time ago at North Middletown and other places in thecouty, and certain alleged indiscreet utterances amont those apparently seeking to cause dissatisfactionamong the colored people, the authorities are going to make an effortto find out the men higher up, andadminister the proper remedy.ODD FELLOWS' GALA DAY ,INPARIS TO-MORROWNearly everyone enjoys an openair concert, and even in the worstof men there is something like a loveof music in some form. Paris people will be given an opportunity tomorrow afternoon to hear a splendidconcert given at the court houseby two musical organizations of superior excellence the Girls' Orchestra and the Boys' Band from theOdd Fellows' Home, at Lexington.They have' both appeared here onother occasions, and the Paris peoare well aware of their merit.One hundred and sixty childrenfrom the Home will come to Paris tomorrow afternoon, arriving on twospecial cars over the Paris and Lexington interurban line. -They will bemet by a reception committee, and,headed by the Boys' Band, will marchdown Main street to the court house,where the concert will be given.And it is absolutely free! Followingthe concert the children will beguests of the local I. 0. O. F. lodgeat the lodge rooms in the Odd Fellows Temple, where they will begiven a reception. To this all thepeople of the county and city arecordially invited. The following isthe program to be rendered by themusical orgo-nizations:ORCHESTRA.March "All America" ZamenickOverture "Spirit of the Winds".BennettValse zGirI Who Smiles"BriquetRecitation "Soldier's Reprieve"Hattie AlleyTrombone Solo "Over the Billowy.Sea" SmithEmma WoodruffSelection "Bohemian Girl" Opera. BalfeVocal Solo SelectedLona FitzpatrickMedley "Southern Songs"Air by Al HayesAddress Hon. E. M. Dickson'BAND CONCERTMarch "Zouaves" -HuffOverture "Inspiration" .Fillmore"Operatic Gems" Martha BerryCornet Solo "Gaiety Polka" .HawleyJohnnie SpicerSelection "American Patrol"MeachamMedley Vals Scotch Songs KiddNational Airs of the Allies(with Flags) England," France,Italy, Belgium.The Star Spangled BannerReception at Odd Fellows Hall.Everyone invited..M m mCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND THE ALAMO.To-day, Friday, May 31. Ladies'and Government day; tw,Q ladies. admitted' for one paid admission, plusthe war tax; Mary Pickford, in"Amarilly of Clothes Line Alley;-"King Baggot and Marguerite Snow inthe twelfth episode of "The Eagle'sEye," "The Welland Canal Conspiracy." To-morrow, "Saturday, June 1George Walsh, in "Jack Spurlock,Prodigal," adapted from the story inthe Saturday Evening Post; also Foxfilm comedy, "The Soft Tenderfoot."Monday, June 3 Dorothy Dalton,in "The Tyrant Fearj"ialso Fox filmcomedy, """A Son of A Gun."Bourbon County's Recordsin min war MuuvuyQuota SubscribedFirst Liberty Loan $300,000 $381,700Second Liberty Loan 321,550 474,000First Red Cross 20,000 36,000Second Red Cross ; 20.000 36,000Third Liberty Loan , .: 400,000 556ioOOY. M. C. A : 10,000 10,000Knights of Columbus t . . 1,000 2,050War Savings Stamps ? ?Look at these figures, and see if there isn't somthing in them to makeevery citizen of the city and county f eeli that we have done more than ourshare. There has never been a time when Bourbon hasn't gone over thetop in the matter of subscriptions to war activity campaigns.The figures above represent real, earnest, hard work on the part ofthe committees, solicitors, the newspaper men and all who in any waycnotributed to the success of the campaigns. Three cheers (and thensome more) for the good old county of Bourbon! We will always be foundon the firing line, and give 'em shotto go!"RACERS ON HANCOCK FARMS TOBE CATALOGUED.The work of tabulating and compiling pedigrees of all the race stockon the stock farms of Mr. Arthur B.Hancock, "Ellersile," in Virginia,and "Claiborne," near Paris, hasbegun under the direction of Mr.Kenner Walker, secretary of the Kentucky Sales Co. Thet documents willgive a complete family history, rac-! ing accomplishments' and notationsconcerning the seventy-one broodmares and three stallions, Celt,Rockview and the Imported Wrack.These mares and stallions are nowin the breeding establishments ofMr. Hancock, in Virginia and nearParis. The tabulations will be madein such a way that they will be valuable documents in years to come, forstudents of thoroughbred history, aswell as to Mr. Hancock.. Each pedigree will contain complete information regarding each sire and dam.Si ra 19t-PAYS TRIBUTE TO NEW HEAD OFHAMILTON COLLEGE.At the Commencement exercises ofHamilton College, Lexington, heldin the College building, Monday, Dr.Crossfleld paid tribute to the administration of President McDiarmid as head of Hamilton College forthe past four years. He introducedPresident-elect T. A. Hendricks, ofParis, as a man well prepared for theduties he is to assume, both by training and character.He predicted that 'the best traditions of the administra- xiie great success of the 'good causetions of the past would be upheld fn-c6uld never have been made a realitythat of Dr. Hendricks. j without the hearty co-operation ofDr. Hendricks expressed his ap- the press throughout the Unitedpreciation of the honor conferred on State. The Paris papers deservehim by his selection as President of especial credit for their part so genHamilton. He said he had seen erously donated,something of the work at Hamilton RED CROSS PUBLICITY COMMITand he gave it his hearty commenda- TEE.tion. j JOHN N. DAVIS, Chairman.a M iKeep Cool These Hot DaysWith Comfortable, Light Weight ClothesPalm Beach Coat and Trousers IfhlZl 8aMoh&ir Cloths clothes that are tailored anf made .withoutlining, thatiit jmd hold their shape regardless of the flightweight fabrics from which they are made. Solid ..greys,fancy greens, tans and blues. . .$1 2.50 to $2S.OOLight Summer Underwear ?en-white nainsook, light weight lisle and linen union suitsfrom $1.50to$5.00Straw Hats, Panamas and Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shoes. Everything you need In SummerClothes you will find at our store.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREas ."J,.anew shell until they are "rairin'LAKE DIVISION EXCEEDS QUOTABY $3,000,000!Belated reports on the results ofthe campaign for the second $100,000,000 Red Cross war fund in theLake Division of the American RedCross brought the total of subscriptions received from Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio up to $12,327,008, ornearly 3,000,000 above the division'squota.Reports received from Indianashowed total subscriptions of $2,613,488 with every chapter in theState reaching or exceeding its quota. Additions to this report are expected. Kentucky, which created a surprise Monday by doubling its quota,has reported additional subscriptionsof $127,000, bringing the total forthe State to $1,931,000, or just $7,000 short of $1,000,000 in excess ofits quota.Ohio's last report total showedsubscriptions of $7,782,520, or $1,382,520 in excess of its quota.ii. .I. tEjj I3v rB "HERE'S YOUR HEW PALM BEACHIJust your size. Style right up tothe minute $13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CARD OF THANKS.The Publicity Committee of therecent Red Cross campaign desire tothank THE BOURBON NEWS, Ken-tuckian-Citizenand Paris Democratfor their generous contributions ofadvertising matter during the drive.MIIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Albert Wachs, of the Field Artillery service at Camp Taylor, spentSunday and Monday here as a guestof Mrs. S. M. Turpin and otherfriends, on Tenth street.Fielding Rogers, son of Mr. andMrs. Warren Rogers, of Cane Ridge,who volunteered for service in theU. S. Army, left Wednesday with theBourbon selects for Camp ZacharyTaylor to report for service.At the Lexington recruiting station of the U. S. Army, Wednesday,seven men were accepted for service. Among them was Russell B.Rule, of Paris, who was assigned tothe Coast Artillery service. All themen were sent to Ft. Thomas.Capt. M. Colliver, son of Mrs. J. H.Colliver, of South Main street, whowas recently married to Miss IdaMeyer, of Youngstown, Ohio, has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor.Capt. and Mrs. Colliver have beenguests of relatives here several days.Major Charles Winn, formerly ofParis and Winchester, has been promoted to the rank of LieutenantColonel in the United States army.Major Winn is a brother of Mrs.James McClure, of Paris. He sawservice in the Spanish-American warwith one of the Kentucky regiments.He has not yet been ordered to overseas service, but is expecting a callat any time.Mr. Nat C. Rogers, who is herefrom the Confederate Home, at Pewee Valley, rode to Paris, Wednesday morning from his old homenear Cane Ridge, to say good bye tohis nephew, Mr. Fielding Rogers,who was leaving for Camp ZacharyTaylor as a volunteer. Fifty-nineyears ago Mr. Rogers rode from CaneRidge to Lexington to join the command of Gen. John H. Morgan, in theConfederate service.Lieut. Clarkson, of the CanadianArmy, who has been a guest of Mr.and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, attheir country home near Paris forseveral weeks, left Paris Tuesday forhis former home, so as to apply forre-admission to the Army. Lieut.Clarkson, who had been severelywounded in the knee by the explosion of a shrapnel shell, was recuperating here after being in an armyhospital fifteen weeks.Mr. Wm. Jones, of North Middletown, received a telegram yesterdaymorning from his son, First. Lieut.Robert G. Jones, at New York.Lieut. Jones stated that he had beensent back from Farnce to New Yorkto do inspection duty. He is thefirst of the Bourbon county boys toreturn from France, where he hasbeen on duty for nine months, mostof the time in the trenches. Lieut.Jones is a brother of Lieut. WilliamJones, of North Middletown, who isalso in the service.Sergt. Ernest Darnaby has returned to Ellington Field, at HoustonTexas, after a month's visit to relatives in and near Clintonville. Thesocial given in his honor at the Clintonville Christian church was most Ienjoyable. Interesting addresses weremade by Wade H. Whitley, of Paris,Rev. P. S. Rhodes, Eld. R. H. Ellett,Newton Shropshire and Sergt. Darnaby. Mr. D. C. Terrill rendered twoinstrumental solos, after which refreshments were served, consisting ofstrawberries, ice cream and cake.There was a large crowd present.sProvost Marshal General Crowderyesterday notified draft subjectsaway from home that they must register with the local board in whosejurisdiction they are, sufficiently inadvance of June 5, to enable theboards to send their certificates totheir home boards. Registration iscompleted at the office of the homeboards.Elmer (Chief) Doty and Pink Peddicord, both of Paris, have volunteered in the U. S. Tavy service, and beenaccepted. After reporting at Louisville for final examination, they willbe sent to the Great Lakes NavalTraining Station for training onJune 10.Troop trains continue their journey through Paris, en route to Southern points. On Wednesday night fivetrain went through at hourly intervals. The "boys" aboard were in finespirits and gave vent to their enthusiasm by loud cheering as the trainsproceeded to the Tenth street station.A crowd of Paris people gathered atthe station to greet the lads, and givethem a'hearty welcome and a "Godspeed you on your way" as the trainsleft. Hundreds of post cards wereHanded out by the soldiers to bemailed to "the folks back home."As one of the trains passed the Thirdstreet crossing THE NEWS man asked a "rookie" on the rear platform,"Where are you from boys?" Thereply came, accompanied by a cheerfrom hundreds of lusty-lunged soldiers, "From 'the good old BuckeyeState, bound for Berlin, t'o make sausage out of Boches!" And believenie, Xantippe, they'll do it in time!One of the most genial young men jwho has gone from Bourbon countyin the selective draft service is Mr.Andrew Jackson Turney, son of Mr.and Mrs. Jesse Turney, of this city.Mr. Turkey sends THE NEWS the.ITJTEEN MORE GOOD MEN POX.CAMP TAYLOR.Fifteen Bourbon county boys, called from their different pursuits ialife, to the colors of Uncle Sam's bigNational army, boarded an Louisville& Nashville train at the Tenth streetpassenger station Wednesday morn.-'ing, and, with a large number of re-"cruits from otner counties along theline of the L. and N., were taken toCamp Zachary Taylor, where theyhave by this time become membersof the army service.The men met at the court houseTuesday afternoon at four o'clock,and were given their final instructions. They were guests at a sixo'clock dinner at the Crosdale Cafe,where addresses were made by Rer.J. J. Rice, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, and Mr. John J. Williams. At 7:15 Wednesday morningthe fifteen men, to whose number a.volunteer, Mr. Fielding Rogers, of thecounty, had been added, met at thecourt house, and formed in line ofmarch. Preceded by the newly-formedLiberty Drum and Bugle Corpg,playing martial airs the detachmentmarched through Main street, greeted on all sides by cheers, to the L.and N. station, where they entrained. Those who left Wednesday were:930 (1297) Harold UrmstosiShropshire, Captain.474 (1489) Harry Leeds.611 (1283) Thomas McVay.655 (1487) Cleve Lewis.662 (1505) Mike Shannon.708 (827) Leland Hudson Barnes.857 (988) J. Scott Woodftrd.871 (1404) Floyd Lanter.894 (667) James Lot Bonta.916 (463) Richard Enelish.V .917 (1515 Andrew J. Turner.919 (531) Alva M. Barnettl926 (351) Walter Hobert Case.938 (782) Martin Stephen Glemiu1066 (1445) Roger Blankenship. -1075(1385) John Frey.1255 (811) Fielding Grant Rogers(volunteered.)KRESS CO. INAUGURATES NEWTBENEFIT PLAN FOR EMPLOYES ,A mutual benefit plan, something:akin to the profit-sharing plan, whichhas so successfully worked in thelarge cities, will be put into effectat the Paris store of the Kress Co.,by which the employes will be the 1beneficiaries.The plan in effect is to provide a.system by which each employe of theKres3 Co., after six months service,will be practically paid a bonusamounting to a year's salary, and willautomatically increase until it, hasreached the sum of .$2,000. All thiswill be absolutely free of cost to theemployes. All their employes, including porters, janitors, salesladies,etc., will benefit by the plan, whichis a most commendable one. At theend of each six months' service "withthe company the employe will he, according to the intent of the proposition, made a sharer in the Kress Co.'sgood will to the extent of a year'ssalary.The proposition is certainly 'a mostliberal one, and one that will" havea good effect in cementing the ties ofgood fellowship and efficiency between the operating forces, the management and the sales forces of theKress Co.following characteristic letter fromCamp Taylor:"Never saw the L. & N. come innearer on time. If I had been goingto the Derby the train would havebeen late Tell Joe Groschethere are two loose ties below PeweeValley. Nearly all the crowd at thestation seemed glad to see me. Onelittle guy wanted to know aboutsome oil stock. I told him to look upCharlie Wilmoth From thenumber of 'chickens' that met thetrain those Jefferson county girlshad evidently heard about the handsome young men from Bourboncounty who were going to catchKaiser Bill .... I saw in " the crowdresemblances to many Paris people,especially several who looked verymuch like Judge McM Everything is mighty pretty around thecamp. The spirit of the men i3something wonderful. No wonderthose Huns avoid our boys, judging:from the looks of those I see here.If you think you are not welcome.just drop down here. The gatesswung open wnen they saw me coming, as if to say: 'Been runningwild a long time, now come on inFrom where we unloaded to-Camp Taylor we breezed the milesclose around :40. (Tell Prichard Imade the first eighth in :10 flat.)Martin Glenn asked me to get him &price on C. A. Alex's colt nomed Cockroach, but didn't have time to get offthe train From the top of the-Ferris wheel at Camp Taylor it lookslike a very good track, at DouglasPark this afternoon. Tell Bill HukillI saw Dorothy Dare pull up in:21, and from Vandusen's expression.he was surely pleased Worldsof amusement and worlds of workhere for the boys. But they hareone ambition, to get the Kaiser. Ifthat fellow ever walks in hia sleephe had better wake tip before hereaches Camp Taylor, for in his nextappearance afterward he will resemble a link of Hitter's sausagePeople wonder why. the German pris-1oners don't escape. No .danger, Iwent out the other night for a littlestroll and in a few minutes I hadmore company than I used to havewhen I walked into Billy Coynefs inthe good old days At the hoursof seven and eleven I want ail theboys to think- of Jack. TelL LouTaylor I heard the whippoorwill thother night Well, as I hear-thebugle blowing,. I must' close." -i'ilinIte"&'rjM 'ft,I-lht j.v:',i ci:vtftH:t3Vl'Jif!&ri iZA;,rv'Ait-it&ni-&r.,!&FRIDAY, .MAY 31, 1I1S. 1"""WOE -TWOUncle 'Sami handj Jf thVhelp;should be 'even sVjtimlly treated.THE BOURBON NEWS,,PARIS, KY.THE 6PURB0N NEWS"Wktifcli&p 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationJMKished Every Tuesday and Fridayter Fear. .?2.00 6 Months. .? 1.00" Payable3 in Adavance.WmiFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.&cy erroneous reflecUon updn the"0hKXer, standing or reputation ofaiar person, firm or corporation which'war appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corwwtei if brought to attention. of theADVERTISING RATESB&S&tey Advertisements, $1.00 perc5mab. Cor first time; 50 cents per inch-mtdk subsequent insertion,Steading Notices, 10 cents per lineissue; reading notices in black20 cents per line, each issue.ferds of thanks, calls on candi-obituaries and resolutions, andir matter, 10 cents per line.,ecial rates for large advertisevcawmtei and yearly contracts.-!Ike right of publisher is reservediSm iscUn.e any advertisement or other'MKtter for publication.&&&3iincements for political officesiTMggt invariably be accompanied by7 - - This paper has enlistedK"jki&i the government in thet&avse of America for theperiod of the war-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.- Will War End This Year., There seems to be a well-groundedr -pinion among many writers thatiie war will end late this year and4&a.t it will certainly end in a smashes victory for the Allies. Of courseS& wish is often father to ther -absTught, and time after time we" 3bk?s tried to convince ourselves thatISos or that would bring about the4Sft, more because we wished for that:asesaLit than because he had analyzedazioL studied.Is. the beginning war was some-ES&mg new; we couldn't see how itssbkM possibly last with the modern3B3Klhinery of war; we thought theJ&ermans would be starved; we"Sfeoaght the German people would" sa&bel against ' their rulers ; we'Qjanght a great many things. ThenIgs&er when all our predictions and3re5efs were torpedoed and sunk inaEfes sea of actualities, we got theiaprhlon that the war could go on in-Mffe8nitely.122.ch side was intrenched so strongly; each side's defense was appar--aaitlyimpregnable; efficient methodsi ml -production arid distribution wouldJbaep the people from starving, and50"we thought the -fight could go onjxad. on. But now aside from thex 3dlitfcar situation, which we knowTssacy little of, we have a mass of in3br6ration and data which put to-aether make the claims that the war' wSi end this year sounds very rea-asratiie. War investigators so weTHBght call the special writers" Ifeacve l3een able to collect pretty reli-S2a information regarding the num-13rcr of troops in actual service in'ch country, the number of troopss larreserve, the number of soldiers be-TiKg "made," and the conclusion is" 9fcs,t, "barring accidents and assuming.'" Utot the 'Germans are going to con-xorae to fight through the summer,'jjfceTesults will be a draw until thejKsk American troops arrive to turn-s&e tide And bring victory to theJMBes.- Of course, many things may hap-sen before that, but nothing in the" l&st three years, to tell the very-gailsinest kind of truth, to change thesituation. The German submarine-campaign was neutralized by the AlHaes. The English -navy's strength-was made practically useless by the-German's tactics. Germany's greatand' powerful guns were replied to be3Pren.cn and English guns just as effective. The English tanks, effectivea. first, are being fought by Germantanks. Neither side seems to begaining supremacy in the air. Itseems at this time that victory is-only a Question of men, and Bill-fikjaenzollern will surely eat out ofHas three membersenjoy life.3. .Manalin, theWhat The Veterans Gave.Regret is often expressed that theexercises of the National MemorialDay attract so little attendance andattention. A pessimist remarks thata parade of callow soldier boys of1916 in their spick and span uniforms would attract a much largercrowd. Yet these youths are mereraw recruits who have had no baptism of fire. But they represent theforward look. The men who worethe Blue or the Gray represent a pastage and a backward vision. Historyand those who stand for it are setaside in this hurrying age.Yet it is not always possible toguage popular interest merely by attendance at public exercises. Poorchurch attendance does not meanthat the people are ready to give upreligious worship. The MemorialDay observances are about the samething year after year, and our restless people demand novelties.Public appreciation is always tardy.But the luster of soldierly deeds of'61 is bound to increase. Greatsocieties will grow up of men andwomen glad to claim descent fromsoldier blood. Records will be searched to prove this distinction.When the old soldiers are asked toaddress school children, the youngsters always seem thrilled by theirsimply told tales of heroism. Thepublic gratitude to these men iswarmer than they or their friendsrealize. When one of them dies, thefact of his soldierly service is the onething the newspapers emphasize themost.It is too bad that full recognitionis not given these men before theypass on. The younger generation toolittle realize what they gave up fortheir cause. Half of those who returned were so affected by diseaseand overstrain that they could -neverachieve any business success. Theygave up their all, and our peopleshould never forget it.Some Essay ThemesIf the boys and girls in Paris andBourbon county schools who are tograduate this year have not completed their essays, here is a mighty sensible suggestion sent out by the U. S.Interior Department. The Secretaryof the Interior believes it would be agood idea for boys and girls to basetheir graduating essays this year onthe causes and the purposes of war.Just at this time when every mindis more or less occupied withthoughts along that line, the suggestion does seem to be a timely one.Of course we understand that "Beyond the Alps Lies Italy," but whynot modernize it a little and tellthem that "Back of Hindenburg LiesBerlin." It would be more interesting, too, because we expect our soldiers to get to Berlin, and we neverexpect them to be needed in Italy.Of course that is only one themein a thousand. Essays on "The "Valueof Sacrifice to a Nation,"or "How CanI Help in the War" would be goodsubjects, to say nothing of "Education and War," or "The Red CrossIts History and Work." The graduates could find plenty to form essayin "The Democracy of Universal Service;" "Preparation For Peace at theClose of the War," or "Honor in Public Service."There's no end to war subjectsthat could be utilized in framinggraduation essays. And right now agraduating essay with a war slantisn't so apt to make the audiencewonder where it was copied from.B0CHES ARE GETTING ANXIOUSABOUT "UNTRAINEDAMERICANS."Even the Germans at home, previously adopting the tactics of sneering at the Americans, now are becoming aware of their strength andvirility. No less authority .-thanthe semi-official North German Gazette is remarking on the "maturing"American re-enforcements behind theallied line and wandering "how thelightning-trained Yankee will holdhis own against the German ladswho have had military training fromtheir youth."? te feOld Ways of Telling Time.In remote ages the Japanese andChinese used a knotted wick to recordtime, two feet in length. The wickburned slowly and each knot recordedan hour. PhlllppI IJ of Spain Is saidto have used an oil lamp for the samepurpose. The oil was contained Ina glass receptacle, on which was ascale marking the hours from four inthe afternoon to eight the next morning, and the height of the liquid uponthe stale would show the time. A 12Inch candle, of which three Incheswould burn away in an hour, is supposed to have been used by King Alfred. f- r4 r '..-. wr,,...you should Know if you desire to1, The popular liquid form of Peruna the reliabletaicof the American household; with a lontf history of success intreating all catarrhal difficulties.2. The tablet form, which is made after the sameformulary amd is more convenient for many.ideal laxative, by, the regular use 01which constipation may be overcome ananatural action restored. MamBw has nohabit forming drug, but Is an aid to nature.Your drugglst.has all three. So manythousands have received benefit from theuse of one or both these remedies that theyare a recognized pert of the equipment ofevery carefu 1 household;THE RRWKCOMPAKT Cd fc,0tScience Solves the Butter Problemwith Butter Made from the WhiteMeat of CoeoanutsJust when the price of butter threatens to make it an unattainable luxury,science perfects TROCO, the new vegetable butter made from the white meat ofthe cocoanut.It tastes exactly like the finest creamery butter and is even more wholesomeand pure.It is churned with fresh Pasteurizedmilk to give true butter flavor.Can't Be Told From ButterTROCO has all the good qualities of finefcreamery butter. The only difference you willnotice is the cost.It is as nutritious as cream butter, and aseasily digested. It possesses the fuel valueneeded for energy.TROCO when served has butter's goldencolor, because we supply the same vegetablecoloring used by all butter makers.Served on your table, without explanation,;no one can tell the difference.Goes Farther In CookingTROCO, used in cooking, gives the same results as butter, except that it goes farther.Cooks should remember this and reduce theamount.B. A. BRINKER CO., Cincinnati, OhioDISTRIBUTORS"WOTTf!? Under the law. all butter substilptes must be branded Oleomargarine. Thatfcwwat PUMgINvi JAiH' before TROCO was. Invented. So the TROCO packaee is branded Oleomarsrartae. tboacthere is no oleo in it. All butter substitutes must pay an extra tax if colored. KSo thecapsule. Add it yourself, as you do with Oleomargarine.LOSTSquare gold watch charm, withdiamond in center and initials "C. C."on back. Finder return, to undersigned and receive liberal reward.CARL CRAWFORD.IRON"We pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides a-nd wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)DISSOLUTION SALE!We will sell for Prichard & Ball, Court DayMONDAY, JUNE 3, 1918at 2 p. m., their two frame cottages on East side of Fourth street, nearPower Crocery Co. They each contain four rooms, pantry, front and backTjorch, electric lights, gas and water in kitchen.Garden, concrete walks and shade trees. Both lots 40x100 feet moreor less.At the same time and place we will sell several second-hand automobiles and one automobile truck in first-class condition.TERMS Made known on day of sale. . ' . ' "TROCOTROCO NUT BUTTER CO., Milwaukee, Wis.For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)Farms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. . (14-6t)t; Because of old laws, made before thisdiscovery, we are compelled to label thisnut-made butter as oleomargarine.But it contains no oleo oils no hogor beef fat, nor any preservatives.TROCO is simply vegetable fats,churned with milk for the butter taste.Yet this appetizing combination costsno more than does the best grades of oleomargarine.It makes such cake as has not been knownsince butter soared in price.It allows the old-fashioned "rich cooking"that builds up the family health.Your Dealer Can Supply TROCOIf your dealer doesn't already keep TROCOask him to get it for you. Tell him you musthave this new-day successor to butter.Insist until he secures a supply.For TROCO solves one of the biggest problems presented by our high food pricesThe problem of serving appetizingiwholesome butter at a moderate cost.Made by thecolor for TKOCO comes m.Saving Painta KS miBBBBF-iilllliUiffiHffl&aBSHHIHDon't save paint by letting your housego without it. Cheaper far to save thehouse than the paint.Dutch Boy white-lead, mixed with purelinseed ofl, spreads easily, covers thoroughly, and does .not blister or crack, nomatter how severe the assaults of sun,rain, or snow.Our assortment of paint, oils, varnishes,etc., is of best quality throughout.(ILiVJIPSO I rVASTiffiHBPDutch BoyAnchor BrandWhite-Leadr - "?BHARRIS & SPEAKESC. A. DAUGHERTYUtd)vrW""t"-.fe5FRIDAY, JMAY 31, 1918.TIH TOT1TRTOM inCWS, F AMI, f"""fftf ViflP!isjipj' jycnft 1m4mThe FarmersShareLiyt stock is marketed fromfarmer to consumer lata lowercost than almost any other farmproductThe Unitsd States Department ofSfrionlturt reported in 1916 that thefanner gets for his cattle "appcoximattly two-thirds to thrse-fourth" oftht final retail price paid by the consumtr for tha resulting beef.Under normal conditions, the farmer'sshare of retail prices of various farmproducts is approximately as follows:ButterCATTLEEggPotatoesPoultryFruits71 pereeat66 to 75 per65 per cent55 per cent45 per cent35 per centThe difference between farmer's priceand retail price represents the necessaryexpenses of packing, freight and wholesale and retail distribution.Swift & Company not only performsthe manufacturing operations of preparing cattle for market in its wellequipped packing plants, but it pays thefreight on meat to all parts of theUnited States, operates 500 branchdistributing houses, and in most caseseven delivers to the retail butcher. Allthis is done at an expense of less than 2cents per pound, and at a profit of onlyabout 4 of a cent per pound of beef.Large volume of business and expertmanagement, make possible this indispensable service to the live-stock raiserand to the consumer, and make possiblethe larger proportion of retail pricesreceived by farmers.Yr Book of iatfmtinf andinstructive facts sent on raqwast.AddrtM Swift $ Company,Union Stock Yardt, Chicago, PHnoitSwift & Company, U.S.A.t V '.--GRAHAM SPRINGS HOTELHARRODSBURG, KY.ANNOUNCES SEASON'S OPENINGSUPPER AND BALLTUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 4, 1918vZ-ru.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.1VTjheZPendletonShop135 MAST MAIN ST., OZP. PHOMNIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit Your ;Patronage0 -"-vS.- - fCoakinss sad Cfoinfs of Our"' People Here, There sadElsewhere. .Mr. S. Kenney Nichols is in NewYork City on a business mission.Mrs. Louis Taylor has been takento a Cincinnati hospial, for treatment. Mrs. W. C. Argo is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. J. A. Rice, in Spencercounty.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Redmon havegone to Martinsville, Ind., to remainten days.Miss Frances Kenney has returned from a visit to Miss Una Varden,in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. William Bryanhave moved to their new home at thecorner of Cypress and Fifteenthstreets.Mr. T. Floyd has returned tohis home in Winchester after a visitto Dr. and Mrs. W. R. Franklin, inthis city.Misses Elizabeth Tarr and Charlina Ball were guests of friends atHamilton College, in Lexington,Wednesday.Mrs. Harry Simon is in NewYork City on a business trip connected with the Simon stores inParis and Lexington.Mr. M. J. Whitley, of Pantego,N. C, is a guest of his son, Mr. W. H.Whitley, and Mrs. Whitley, at theirhome on Vine street.Mr. Albert Mitchell has returnedto bis home near -Flemingsburg, after a visit to his father, Mr. ThomasMitchell, in this city.Mrs. Harry Booth has returnedto her home in Lewrenceburg, aftera visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee, in this city.Mr. James Connelley is very illat his home on South Main street,with brain trouble. His physicianshold out very little hope for his recovery. Miss Juliet Turner has returnedto her studies at Hamilton College,Lexington, after a visit to her father,Mr. Edward Turner, who remainsvery ill.Hon. Claude M. Thomas and Mr.Charles Meng, of near Paris, attended the funeral and burial of Gen. Jno.B. Castleman, in Louisville, Sundayafternoon.Mr. Felix Newman has returnedto his home in Falmouth, after avisit to his family, who are guests atthe home of Mr. Robert Terrill, nearClintonville.Mrs. Anna Pierce has returned-to her home in Cincinnati after amonth's visit with her sister, Mrs. E.C. Kiely. Mrs. Pierce is feeling muchimproved after a long illness.Mr. L. D. Harris, of the real estate firm of Harris & Speakes, hasgone to French Lick Springs, Indiana, to remain some time.Miss Agnes Sloop, of Lexington,who is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. James, on Fourthstreet, was guest of honor at a boating party on Staner Creek, given byher hostess.Mr. -and Mrs. John K. Spearirhave returned to their home in Oklahoma City, Okla., after an extendedvisit to Mr. Spears' mother, Mrs.Georgia Spears, and his sister, Mrs.Eddie Spears Hinton. ,Mr. J. H. Hallett, who came toParis some months ago from Mt.Sterling, as local representative ofone of the large insurance companies, and who was taken to a Lexington hospital some time ago, sufferingfrom typhoid fever, is still in a critical condition.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Mitchelland Mrs. Kate Reading and childrenhave returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. James Gay, at Pisgah, inWoodford county. While there theyattended a family reunion held inhonor of the birthday of Mrs. Gay,who is one of Woodford's "grandestwomen."Writing from Los Angeles, California, to renew his subscription toTHE NEWS, Dorsey Ray, formerly ofParis, says: "Don't let THE NEWSever stop coming, as I don't see veryclearly how we can get along withoutit You would hardly believethat I have a boy six feet, one andone-half inches tall, and a fine girlfinishing High School this year. Wecertainly are proud of the record ourgirl has made, as in a school of over2,000 pupils she has won all the honors this year. Isn't that enough tomade her mother and father feelrather 'chesty?' " Mr. Ray has a fineposition in the office of the Department of Health of the City of LosAngeles.(Other Personals on Page 5.)wi m mIT'S A MISTAKE MADE BY MANYPARIS RESIDENTS.XGOWNSseeps-. iHATSjrL: iWANW(-"3-Jr iOTHERRHEUMATICSISTOTRY MINT.Tells How New Tanlac MedicineHelped Rheumatism andRecommends It.Alfred Thompson. Valley StationKy., near Louisville, wants othersbothered with rheumatism like hewas to give Tanlac RheumatismTreatment a trial."I want others to get relief fromtheir rheumatism like I have," Mr.Thompson said.I had rheumatism in my shouldersand arms and the pains got prettybad. Like almost everybody elsewho gets rheumatism, I soon came tothe belief that I couldn't get rid of it.Everybody told me that rheumatismcould not be relieved and I guess Itried so many medicines without being helped that I came to believethey were right."Well, I kept reading in the papers about a new Tanlac RheumatismTreatment was helping a lot of folksand I started taking it. That wasonly about two weeks ago and nowhere I am giving a statement for thepapers pretty much like the ones Iused to read."Yes sir, this new treatment hascertainly helped me in the last twoweeks, and I hope others botheredwith rheumatism will try TanlacRheumatism Treatment."Get Rheumatism Treatment today atVARDEN & SON'S.1.-'..Many people in a misguided effortto get rid of kidney backache, relyon A plasters, liniments and othermakeshifts. The right treatment iskidney treatment and a remarkablyrecommended kidney medicine is Doan's Kidney Pills. Paris is no exception. The proof is at your very door.Following is an experience typicalof the work of Doan's Kidney Pills inParis:Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I havehad three or four attacks of lumbagoin the past few years, the first being the worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back and often sharp,cutting pains darted through it. Itsometimes seemed' as: though I couldhardly endure the misery. I trieddifferent remedies to nq avail, until Igot Jjqld CDo'sWdpeyiUs, procuring jthem trait 'the Ardery'DrugCo. The 'first' box helped me" and Icontinued takingTthem, until cured.Attacks sincetheir have always beenslight, and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."'Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. "I ' (adx)anMttjbtrajfl ' i-iZvaMJwMrmSfit twwMi waiWf t, i rw.ew .(m i M.muh-For Weak Folks.If you feel weak and all run downtry Tanlac. It will put your systemback in healthy shape again. Youcan get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S,(adx)fS?0ncDr)v Bourbon Poultry RemdyA few droDS in the Wdrinking water cuies CuPFsana prevents white jiksdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on requestIHIIOI IEIEIT CI,. LuJiilM, Kr.For Sale by Brooks & Snapp.Twin Bros.Department StoreANNOUNCING ASpecialSaleOF THEFAMOUS$8.75and$14.75We have a splendid assortment ofMWreit'$Silk DressesSizes from 8 years to 14years. Conier in arid seethem.TwiftBros'J' X 5IHfMHtmtfit SUftpjji-ifi.jy jir - -I- tWolf, Wile & CompanyThis Week We Have InauguratedA . MostSensational SaleofSilk Dresses,One Hundred High Clos&,Garmentsat$15 $19.75Representing very considerable reductions fromformer selling prices. Dozens of pretty styles in.a great variety of silk materials, including Crepede Chine, Georgette Crepe, Taffeta, Foulard anda few Wool Serges.We do not quote former or comparativeprices in our advertising But we will saythat this sale offers a wonderful opportunity to replenish your wardrobe for thecoming summer and vacation days. Anticipate your needs now; it will pay yougreatly.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.MmWe Have Some Very Fine NNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination Guaranteed.Order Early, as the Stock is'Limited.C. S. BALIfiADAXV JbB ! J'v'W'' I A4. IWW1"tvVaMl Plasant Stt.ri-V1bi "w"If 1-it'Vsfe..NG$MUMi.rftII' i3It'-5I--iit'hm-fiI 11! Alrrif-hPm;.h:fiIT f f,C l t I,. c. rrF1&l'' L'9'r ?.- . -pTHE BOURBON N15WS, PARIS,MI Ml'""FRIDAY, MAY 31. Itll.35THE FACTS AS PBESEHTEDBy The Paris Gas & Electric Co., inRegard to The Discussion. Between Them and the' . City of Paris.Paris, Ky., May 29, '1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, -Paris, Ky.Gentlemen: Replying to your request for facts in regard to the discussion between this company andthe city, 1 herewith attach a copy ofour correspondence with the citywhich we would be very glad to haveXpu give to the public, and especiallyas the City Council has seen fit topresent Mr. Weiss' contentionsthrough the Lexington Herald wefeel that you should be in possessionof the facts as to why we refuse tonegotiate with Mr. Weiss.Yours respectfully,PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,C. L. STEENBEEGEN, Manager.moval of Mr. Weiss as manager of the Clarksville for about $6,000.j00,Paris, Ky., May 10, 1918.Honorable Mayor and LightCommittee of Paris, Ky.Gentlemen: Attached hereto youwill find copy of letter received fromMr. Parker, which sets forth the results of our investigation and the reasons why we can not see our wayclear to attempt to negotiate a newcity contract through Mr. W. H.Weiss.The information set forth was obtained through the usual channels,and feel sure you will have no difficulty in corroborating it if you careto do so.Yours respectully,PARIS GAS- & ELECTRIC CO.,C. L. STEENBERGEN, Manager.Paris, Ky., May 8, 1918.Mr. C. L. Steenbergen,Paris, Ky.Dear Sir: We wired you, on April1, 1918, suggesting that you "makeno further negotiations with Mr..Weiss until advised from this office."We regret very much that we werecompelled to decline to further negotiate with the City of Paris, through-Mr. Weiss.- However, at the time ofsending the telegram, we were inpossession of certain informationwhich convinced us that it would beimpossible for Mr. Weiss to agree toanything which would be fair andjust to the company.We recognize the right of the Cityof Paris to select its own engineerand we are willing to negotiate withwhomsoever the city may see fit todesignate, provided, however, the person so selected is a reputable engineer of high standing in the profession. When we received notice from theCity of Paris, advising us that thecity had employed Mr. Weiss, weacted upon the assumption that hemet the requirements necessary toqualify him to be fair and just in hisdealings with the Company, andtherefore, indicated our willingnessto go into the matter of discussingthe question of a fair price for anew lighting contract.We know nothing regarding the rep-Nevada property:"I am still of the opinion thatthe conduct of Mr. Weiss in hisbusiness relation's with the people of Nevada, who were customers of the Water Company wasoppressive, overhearing and inexcusably arbitrary. However, -amore thorough consideration ofthe case, on the motion for rehearing, has caused me to doubtthe soundness of that part of theopinion, regarding Weiss' removal, and I think it should bemodified" in that respect."We do not know whether the WvH. Weiss now seeking to representthe City of Paris, as a municipalpublic utility expert, is the same W.H. Weiss mentioned in the Nevadacase or not. If, however, the W. H.Weiss mentioned in the Nevada case,and the W. H. Weiss now seeking torepresent the City of Paris, is thesame individual, then it certainly follows that our company would not beexpected to .negotiate with a personwho has been found to be "oppressive, overbearing and inexcusablyarbitrary" in a hearing before animpartial States Commission.(3) The fact J that W. H. Weisssas unknown to the profession ofKansas City, in connection with thefurther fact that we were unable tolocate his office in Kansas City, madeit impossible for us to get any line onthe reputation and standing of thisI party in Missouri, unless it shoulddevelop tnat tne w. . weiss reierreato in the Nevada case should proveto be the same individual now seeking to represent the City of Paris.(4) In addition to the line of inquiry made in Missouri, with the result above mentioned, we also madefurther inquiry in Kentucky andTennessee, as to the reputation andstanding of W. H. Weiss, of Nashville, Tenn., as a municipal publicutility expert.Our reports from Kentucky andTennessee show that a man by thename of W. H. Weiss has been veryactive recently in both of theseStates, in an effort to bring aboutdiscord between a number of publicutilities and their respective communities, by creating, or attempting tocreate in the minds of the city officials and the public generally, the impression that the rates paid to public utilities are entirely too high,should be revised downward, andthat for a percentage of the savings,covering a period of years, he (W. H.Weiss) would bring about an adjustment by the peaceful co-operationof the company.As evidence of the character of theactivities of the W. H. Weiss referred to in our report, we call attention to the following transactions:(a) We have a report from Columbia, Tenn., stating that a gentlemanby the name of W. H. Weiss came tothat city in the early part of theyear 1915, and offered his services tothe city in an effort to obtain a newcontract with the Water and LightCompany of said city. According toour Teport, Mr. Weiss did not have acontract with the City of Clumbia,the question ofutation and standing of Mr. Weiss, and in discussingand of course, knew nothing about ! compensation to be paid him, repeat-the nature of his contract at the time , edly stated that he was going to acwe consented to meet him, as the representative of the City.Shortly after indicating our willingness to negotiate through Mr.Weiss, we learned that his contractwith the city was so grossly unprofessional and piratical, as to utterly disqualify him to act fairly and justlyin his dealings" with the Company.We have endeavored to make a properinvestigation of the qualifications andstanding of Mr. Weiss, since advisingyou to discontinue negotiations, butthe result of our efforts along thisline has been very unsatisfactory:(1) Mr. Weiss, in notifying thecompany of his employment by theCity of Paris, used stationery indicating that W. H. Weiss was a consulting engineer of Kansas City, Mo.,with temporary address at 416 Independent Life Bldg., Nashville, Tenn.We acted on the assumption that wewould be able to get some information as to the qualifications andstanding of Mr. Weiss, in KansasCity, and were surprised to find thathe was wholly unknown to the members of the engineering profession ofthat "city, and while he may maintain, an office of some kind in KansasCity, e have so far been unable tofind anyone there able to locate it forus.(2) In response to one of our inquiries as to the reputation andstanding of Mr. W. H. Weiss, our attention was directed to the -fact thatthe Public Service Commission of theState of Missouri, in the case of Colevs. Fort Scott & Nevada Light, Heat& Water Company, decided November17, 1913, reported in Volume 1, atPages 130-190, both inclusive, madean order directing the company to remove one W. H. Weiss as general"manager. In the order referred to,the Missouri Commission uses thefollowing language:"That the Commission has determined and ascertained that theacts and conduct of W. H. Weiss,the general manager of defendantcompany, towards the consumers) of defendant company, in the Cityof Nevada, Missouri, make him anunfit and incompetent person for! defendant company to have incharge of its offices and business in: said City, as general manager,and directs and orders defendantcompany to remove said W. H.Weiss as general manager, withinforty days after the effective dateof this order, and to employ somecompetent, person as its generalmanager, who will render to the' consuming public of said City,fair, just and courteous treat-" ment as such general manager fordefendant company."Itcis true that in passing uponthe motion for a re-hearing in theKe?4a case, the Public Service ComTiiffon expressed doubt as to itsright-to remove Mr. Weiss on jurisdictional grounds, but refused tomodify its views touching the qualific&tioas and standing of Mr. Weiss- agthe general managerof said Corner. We quote the following fromthe atatwaeat of Judge Kennish inodifyiag the order. regarding7tkere-cept for his services whateveramount the Board of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Columbiathought he was entitled to.The report relative to the" Columbia transaction further showed thatMr. Weiss later ignored the representations above mentioned, regardingthe compensation to be paid to himfor his services, and mailed a statement to the City of Columbia for$26,000, for alleged services renderedby him as the representative of thecity, in its dealings with the Waterand Light Company.According to the report, the City ofColumbia disregarded the statementfor $ 2 6,0 00.00, for alleged servicesrendered to said City, whereupon Mr.Weiss appeared before the Board of'Mayor and Aldermen of said City andagain admitted that he had no contract with the city and suggestedthat the city give him such compensation as the officers of said citythought he was entitled to. Themanner in which Mr. Weiss imposedhis services upon the City of Columbia, and the ease with which hecould shift the alleged value of hisservices, we think, is some indicationof the type of the man who represented the City of Columbia.After a statement of the methodof employment, representations as tocompensation, rendering of bill for$26,000.00, etc., the report from theCity of Columbia contains the following relative to the question of fees:"The matter dragged along forsome time, he making offers ofcompromise through his attorney,which were rejected by the city,and a short time ago, his attorney- offered to settle . all claims Mr.Weiss had against the city for$3,500.00 The city has offered topay him $2,500.00. That is thesituation at this writing; Weissoffering to take $3,500, and thecity offering to give him $2,500.Mr. Weiss has not as yet instituted any suit against the city.."We do not know whether the Mr.Weiss who performed at Columbia,Tenn., as above indicated, is thesame W. H. Weiss who is now seeking to represent the City of Parisbut we are quite certain that if ourreport from Columbia is substantiallycorrect, then Mr. Weiss is capable ofa species of legerdemain in procuringcontracts to represent communitiesas a municipal public utility expert,with such a degree of uncertainty asto the value of his own services thatwould fully justify our company inits refusal to negotiate through himin our dealings with the City of Paris.. (Ii?. We also have a report fromthe City of Clarksville, Tenn., whichrefers to an alleged contract be-een.a,SrrW- H' Weiss and theCity of Clarksville, for the adjustment Of rates With trivatfi rnnenmand also, an adjustment of the light;?& Wtract between the City andlie 1&ht CPany. Acording toSe IaSsville report "the rates forthe lighting contract between theCity and the Light Company werenot changed by Mr. Weiss."However, said rennrf . ,t,.J'that Mr. Weiss is suing the. city, ofclaiming that he adjusted the ratesto private consumers, and accordingto said report, the City of Clarksvilleis defending said suit on the groundthat the City had no authority to employ Weiss to adjust rates to privateconsumers. Said report, which isdated April 5, 1918, further recitesthat "Mr. Weiss filed his bill against,the city about a year ago. The Citywithin a short time, filed a demurrerand Mr. Weiss has never done anything to press his suit."(c) We also received a report fromthe City of Hopkinsville, Kentucky,which states that a Mr. W. H. Weisswas employed by the City of Hopkinsville, to assist in getting a scheduleof rates and charges to be chargedby the light company of that cityagainst the citizens, consumers, etc.,a year or more ago. According to theHopkinsville report, Mr. Weiss wasto be paid as his compensation forservices rendered, a certain percentof the amount saved by him to thecity, for a period of three years.The Hopkinsville report also showsthat Mr. Weiss first brought in aclaim of about $3,200.00, which thecity contended was too much, andoffered him $2,500.00 in settlement,which he refused; and then broughtsuit in the U. S. Court at Paducah,Kentucky, for about $7,400.00 Thereport further shows that the suitagainst the City of Hopkinsville isstill pending.(d) In the course of our inquiry,our attention was called to the factthat a man by the name of W. H.Weiss had been operating in the Stateof Texas. We, therefore, sent letters of inquiry to that State, withthe hope of learning something ofvalue regarding his standing andreputation, and if possible, ascertainwhether the W. H. Weiss, of Texas,was the same W. H. Weiss that isnow seeking to act as the representative of the City of Paris. In response to our inquiry, we received areport from Texas, stating that a Mr.W. H. Weiss, a reputed graduate engineer of Heidelberg, Germany, hadsucceeded in getting employment torepresent the City of Houston, in readjusting the schedule of rates thatit was paying the light and powercompany of that city for light andpower.From the best information we cangather, the Houston matter wasthreshed out in court, and the Mayorof said City regarded the position ofMr. Weiss with such a degree of uncertainty that he was compelled toignore the services which had beenrendered, as well as the advice whichwas offered by Mr. Weiss in his effort to solve the lighting problemsthen confronting the City of Hous-,ton. What we have said regardingthe movements of the man Weiss, asa municipal public utility expert, iaother communities, also applies to thelexas transactions. All we can saytaDout tne matter is that we have;made an honest effort to get a lineon the qualifications and standinsr ofthe man now to represent the Citv ofParis, in negotiating with our cpmJ -..- vtA Af ;pany,-and have Attempted to fai?lln0St !. 0l:l5."Istaie 10 you tne result of our inves-tigation.In our opinion, it is unnecessaryto go into a discussion of the question of increased cost of coal, coke;oil, iron and steel products, and othermaterials and labor, largely entering,into the production of all public utility service. A man inclined to bethe least bit unfair or aribtrarycould create a great deal of discordand dissatisfaction in a communityby contrasting the conditions existing in one town, with alleged conditions existing in some other commu-nity, and we do not propose to be the;victim of any unfair controversy atthis time.You are fortunately situated atthis time, however, with respect tothe knowledge of the public, regarding the increased burdens of publicutilities. It was in recognition ofthese increased burdens which have;been placed upon public utilities of!this country, as well as recognition or.the importance of the public utilitiesto OUr war urogram tJiat TnnvWJ Proo.ident Wilson and Secretary McAdooto issue the letters with which youiare familiar, in behalf of the publicutilities of this country. iWe think that a further consider-ation of the terms of the contract'between the City of Paris and Mr,Weiss as they have been given to us,should satisfy the Mayor and otherofficials of said City, and also thepublic, that the contract is not onlyunprofessional, but is so piratical in.its nature as to preclude all possibility of their representative being atall fair in his dealings with our company,, since the amount of his compensation depends entirely upon .howunfair he can be.If the representative selected byParis is the "oppressive, overbearing,and inexcusably arbitrary" gentleman referred to in the case decidedby the Missouri Commission, then webelieve that the Mayor and otherofficials representing the City ofParis, will justify our position inrefusing to negotiate through Mr.Weiss, notwithstanding the fact thathe may be a Heidelberg graduate,and thoroughly competent as a technical, electrical mechanical engineer.'In view of all the facts and circum-stances, we feel that we were fulyjustified in breaking off negotiations'with Mr. Weiss, as the representative.of the City of Paris, per our telegram7to you of April 1, 1918.We do not believe that the peopleof Paris, upon reflection, will expectour company to negotiate through a?;man who is attempting to make d.living at this time by stirring up dis-Tcord between a community and itspublic utilities.Yours truly, )C. L. STEENBERGEN, iPresident the Paris Gas & Electric?Company.JUNE COMMEHCEMEHTS.THE NEWS is,in receipt of a beautifully engraved invitation announcing in thefollowing wording the annual Commencement exercises of theParis High School:"The Faculty and Graduating Classof the Paris High School announceCommencement Exercises Thursday,June the sixth, High School AuditSrium." The invitation was accompanied by the personal card of Mr.Charles A. Kenney, a member of the1918 class, which is composed of thefollowing:Elizabeth Vernita Baldwin, EmmaLouis Burley, Mary Elizabeth Clark,Mabel Galloway, Fannie Geneva Heller, Charlie A. Kenney, Robert Edward Lavin, Jessie May Link, RuthMae Linville, Eleanor Clark Lytle,Lena Leoto Rose, Joseph FithianRye, Edna Dee.Snapp, Lawrence A.Soper, Mabel Duke Templin, ThelmaWilliams, Chester Clay Young.The baccalaureate sermon will bedelivered to the members of the 1918class at the Methodist church, onnext Sunday evening at eighto'clock, by Rev. George R. Combs.Miss Eleanor Clark Lytle is ClassRepresentative, Miss Edna Snapp,Salutatorian, and Mr. Robert Lavin,Valedictorian. The following isthe schedule for the Commencementdates:June 2, Sunday Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. G. R. Combs, atMethodist Church, 8 p. m.June 4, Tuesday Junior Receptionat Paris High School gymnasium. June 5, Wednesday Senior Play,"Fannie and the ServantProblem." In High SchoolAuditorium at 8:30 p. m.June 6, Thursday Commencementexercises at 8 p. m. Addressby Mr. W. C. Bower, of theTransylvania Bible College.The Commencement exercises ofthe Little Rock Graded School wereheld in the school building last night,beginning at 8:30 o'clock. The address to the class of 1918, composedof Misses Sallie Mae Banta, MinervaSue Boardman, Louvenia Thompson,John Bivins and Howard E. Crump,was delivered by Dr. Homer L. Carpenter, pastor of the Christianchurch at Richmond. To-night thefinal program of the week will begiven, when the pupils of the ninthand tenth grades will give a playlet,"An Awful Aunt," and the pupils ofthe music class, assisted by pupils ofother departments, will give an operetta. An admission fee of 25 centswill be charged, the proceeds to bedevoted to the Red Cross work, afterdeducting a small sum for expenses.m m mA GIFT WORTH WHILEIf you have a boy or girl, asweetheart or friend who willgraduate this year, give him orher a gift worth while something that will be kept andcherished. We - have lots offFRANK & CO:LADIES' OUTFITTERS5k . vy 3- Isi M; JUST ARRIVED. cA NEW LINE OFBATHING SUITSCaps and Shoes.-NEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSA. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)SUMMER TIME LUXURIESREAL NECESSITIES.We will save you money on refrigerators, porch and lawn swings. Therefrigerators are ice-savers and thebest to be had. The swings arestrong and classy large stock.(28-tf) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.MMBM Ml PB iQK MMWWMCELEBRATES NINETIETH BIRTHDAY.LIBERTY BONDS READY.Liberty Bomb of aM threeIssues now ready.- Subscribem please call and gel them. IPfOPLfS DEPOSIT BANK &I KUbl COMPANY.(may-21-tf)'Several from Paris and Bourboncounty attended the family diningto Dr. Geo. O. Graves, of Winchester,at the home of his daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Squires,at Chilesburg. The occasion wasthe celebration of Dr. Graves' .ninetieth birthday. Dr. Graves is oneof the best-known and most highlyhighly respected men in Clarkcounty.During the Civil War Dr.Graves practiced medicine inNorth Middletown, moving fromthere to Fayette county, where he resided until thirty years ago, when hecame to Winchester to make hishome. He was born in Bath countyat the home of his grandfather, JudgeOwings, on what is known as the oldForge farm. The old stone house inwhich he was born is still standing.WRIST WATCHES,Wrist Watches make"timely if ts" for thefair graduate. Wehave themall stylesand prices,SMI RE & FITHIAN.(may24-3t)rKAJNK & CO.II Iv g1If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel Furnace,None better.SAVES UNCONSCIOUS GIRL PROMDROWNING.Presence of mind and quickness ofaction saved the life of little Catherine Wallingford, who came neardrowning in the big swimming poolat the Y. M. C. A. Monday afternoon.Miss Wallingford and Miss MarthaCollier, while swimming near thecenter of the pool, collided whenthey both dived, their foreheadsstriking with great force. Miss Wallingford, not being an expert swimmer, was near drowning, when MissBetsy Ray, who was a spectator, leaped into the pool, fully clothed, noteven stopping to remove her eyeglasses, and brought both girls tosafety. Miss Wallingford was stunned by the collision, but soon recovered. Miss Collier was uninjured.KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS MATTESUCCESS OF BIG DRIVE'-In the recent National drive of theHKnights of Columbus for $10,000,000ior war worit, me niuegrass countiesof Kentucky were allowed no definitequota. However, it has been officially announced that Fayette, Bourbon,Woodford, Scott and Madison, thecounties in this district, have subscribed $11,000. The Nation as awhole. went)v;r the ton. New Yorkl alone, .whose auota. was S2.K00.00n.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYColumbia GrafonolasKColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00jcs4HColumbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00'.ibbibbhbbbColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY41t MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYK1IBV?.-v(subscribed $4,000,000 in the drive. ,v"s." -v '&!f &-'.FRIDAY, MAY 31, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAltjS, JOT.PAGE ITOTv ,ywvyCOH TNE ESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may7-8t)m m mBUYS HOME.Mrs. May Bergman has purchased,of F. P. Lowry, through the ParisRealty Company, a one-story framecottage on Ciifton avenue, at a private price. Mrs. Bergman will occupy the home ahout June 12.m Jta ta !SUDDEN DEATH.Acute indigestion was given as thecause of the death of Sallie Hanners,colored, who was stricken suddenlywhile walking down Eighth street.The woman died hefore medical aidcould reach her. She was the wifeof Jerome Han-ners, who operates atransfer wagon service.m mmELECT NEW TEACHERAt the recent meeting of theSchool Board, Miss Elizabeth Blaning, of Lexington, was added to thefaculty of the Paris High School asteacher of music for ' the comingschool term. Miss Blaning comeshighly recommended as a musicianand teacher.GRADUATION GIFTSFor boys and girlsSee our assortmentof suitable goods before buying.SHIRE & FITrilAlN.(may24-3t)m E laATTENTION, EVERYONE !On the court house square, inParis, on Monday morning, June 3,between the hours of 10 and 11 o'clckthere will he an auction sale of athree-year-old sorrel Shetland pony.This pony is the Cock Robin stock.The pony is the property of the Ladies' Bible Class of the North Middletown Christian church, and the proceeds of the sale will be used in RedCross work.1 m HiSPEND LESS AND SAVE MORE.To-day is the time of double effort;when one man must do the work oftwo. To-day is the time for doublesaving; when the hard worker mustspend less and save more.Why not start to saving more inour new sertes, which opens to-morrow?H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.j m mMISCELLANEOUS SALE BY MISSION BAND TO-MORROW.The Children's Mission Band of theChristian church, under the leadership of Mrs. S. E. McClanahan andMrs. George W. Clay, will have amiscellaneous sale, to-morrow afternoon. June 1. in the vacant storeroom adjoining Price & Co.'s clothingstore.The sale will begin at 2 o'clock,and will include t fancy articles andedibles of all kinds.A feature of the occasion will be aParcel Post Sale, wrapped packagesbeing sold for a nominal sum.Parents of the members of theBand and any member of the churchwho are interested, are asked to contribute articles for this sale, and allare cordially invited to attend andencourage the little people in theirwork.THE RIGHT HAT AT THE RIGHTPRICE.We have it straws of all kinds,from Sennetts Kto Panamas ?2to ?10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.APPRECIATIVE GIFTS.A graduating present is alwayskept with a great deal off pride.Give something worth while.Our stock is varied with suitable gifts things appropriateand worthwhile. All prices.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)J53 IS ISCONFEDERATE DECORATION DAYON SUNDAY, JUNE 3RDThe members of Richard HawesChapter, Daughters of the Confederacy and John H. Morgan Camp,United Confederate Veterans, willobserve Sunday, June 3, the anniversary of Jefferson Davis' birthday, 4as"Confederate Decoration Day.The exercises will take place onthe Confederate lot in the Paris Cemetery at three o'clock, Sunday afternoon. The principal address will bedelivered by Mr. John J. Williams, ofParis. The ladies of ,the Chapterhave prepared an appropriate program, which will be carried out under their auspices. There will bevocal music, recitations and otherfeatures nnnrnnriate to the occasion. The graves of the soldiers of Jthe "Lost Cause" who lie Duneu uuthe Confederate lot will be decoratedwith flags and flowers.A special invitation is exienaeu .uthe public to attend these exercisesThe ladies request that all who willdo so contribute flowers lor ine adoration. After the exercises on theConfederate let the graves of individuals who were dtt1jriEwork of the war will be decorated. juries giveu.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. John Sharon, who has beena guest of her daughter, Mrs. JamesMcCarthy, in the Lyons Flat, returned to her home in Newtown,Scott county, yesterday.Miss Louise Kenney, clerk in thesavings department of the Peoplesand Deposit Bank & Trust Co., is apatient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, where she underwent a surgical operation Wednesday". t Miss Eleanor Lytle had her eyepainfully injured Wednesday eveningbey being struck with a rock. Therock struck her on the glasses badlylascerating and bruising the face,but fortunately not injuring thesight.The pupils of Miss ElizabethCruteher's music class gave a recitalin piano at the residence of Mrs.Georgia Webb, on Stoner avenue,Tuesday evening. The young peopleacquitted themselves with greatcredit, and their rendition of difficult selections drew for them a generous applause from the large audience. Their work was an excellenttestimonial to the thorough instruction they had received from their capable teacher.(Other Personals on Page 3.)m m tTEA FOR ICED TEA.Lots of tea for iced tea, rangingin price from 60 cents per pound up.The best to be had.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.53 fe 1SCHOOL TRUSTEES MEETINGThe six divisions of Bourbon countyschool trustees will hold a meetingin the office of County Superintendent of Schools, J. B. Caywood, in thecourt house to-morrow for tle purpose of electing teachers for theschool term for the coming year.Teachers who expect to teach are requested to file their applications before the hour of meeting and tostate their first and second choice ofschools. The divisions will meet atthe following hours:Division No. 1 D. C. Lisle, D. B.Smart, -J. M. Leach and Grant Galloway, will meet at 2 p. m.Division No. 2 Henry Ingles, W.B. Kiser, R. R. Lail, W. E. Cook andThomas Padgett, at 2:30 p. m.Division No. 3 Sam Ardery, J.Arch Bailey, H. W. Purdy, AshbyLeer and W. L. Cantrill, at 3 p. m.Division No. 5 Mrs. Katie Rice,W. S. Deering, W. R. Tuttle and Jas.R. Rice, at 3:30 p. m.Division No. 4 John Sauer, Reynolds Letton, Sam Clay and TilfordHinkle, at 4 p. m.Division No. 6 R. L. Stipp, J. F.Ingels, S. Winstead Spears, GeorgeLink and Chas. White, at 4:30 p. m.SWEET POTATO PLANTS ANYQUANTITY SPECIAL PRICESON BIG LOTS.Sweet potato plants. Special priceon large quantities.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(17-3wks)IS IS UsY. M. C. A. MEETING.At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bourbon County Y. M.C. A., held in the Y. building in thiscity, a number of reports were received from various committees anda6ted upon. A special committeecomposed of Dr. D. S. Henry, Wm.G. McClintock, M. Peale Collier andJohn Woodford, was appointed tooutline the work of the Y. M. C. A.for the coming year and to attend toother business matters which havebeen referred to them for action.Mr. C. A .Tevebaugh, of Louisville,Associate Secretary of the State Y.M. C. A., was a guest of the membersof the Board at the Y. and conferred with them on a number of important points relating to Y. M. C. A.work.THEBUILDING ANDTEM.LOAN SYS-You are not compelled to pay rentwhile saving for a home. When youhave a portion saved, we will loanyou the balance, and you can repayit in small installments little if anymore than rent.Our new series opens to-morrow.H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.m m mDECORATION DAY.Memorial Day passed almost entirely unobseryed here, with the exception of the special prayer servicesheld at different places in accordancewith President Wilson's proclamation. The banks, postofflce and alarge number of business houseswere closed. The Stars and Stripesfloated to the breeze from the flagstaffs on many prominent businesshouses, public buildings and privateresidences. The schools held only ahalf-session. The day was a veryquiet one, quite m keeping wun libcharacter.1ft ift iftGRADUATING GIFTS.What would be nicer for thetweet girl graduate than aVerithtn Gruen Wrist Watch?Lots of other appropriate gifts,teoA. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)HUET IN "CBAKKING."A sprained wrist, and broken bonei t,?j"i,t arm tho Rnm total ofm mj -"? ' by Mr w sin-iiirfpctHughes, merchant, of Osgood, while"cranking" his automobile at the L.a. tm freirht station in Paris. Hews removed to his home and his in-SAME OLD TALK ABOUT MOVINGTERMINALS.It seems that Winchester peopleare determined that th Louisville &Nashville railroad terminals shall bemoved from Paris to that place, andthe same old talk has been bobbingup from month to month for years,is again in evidence. And in themeantime, nothing of an official nature can be learned.The talk this time has started fromthe fact that one or two familieshave moved from Paris to Winchester on account of the head of thehousehold being engaged in railroadwork closer to that vicinity. Rumorshave been current in Winchester tothe effect that radical changes arein contemplation by the Louisville &Nashville officials which will resultin great benefit to that city. Theserumors stated that practically twothirds of the facilities for handlingfreight will be moved from Paris toWinchester, and that this city will bedeprived of its claim upon the terminal point of this division of theroad.Just what credence can be placedin these rumors cannot be determined,' but it is reported, (in Winchester) , that the officials of the Louisville & Nashville have begun to lookwith favor upon that city as a terminal point, owing to its central location between Cincinnati and Corbin. These rumors also state thatduring the coming months some ofthe most remarkable changes thathave ever occurred since the doubletracking of the Louisville & Nashville will take place.In the meantime, there has beena decided lack of official information, and while the people of Parisare confident there will be no changemade in the situation here, they areawaiting definite news that will settle the matter for good. And whilewaiting we will manage to still workto make Paris one of the best railroadtown on the Louisville & Nashville,as it is in its natural location entitled to be.PUT AWAY THE LONG ONESPut on the comfortable short ones,all styles, from balbriggan to thelightest weight athletic styles $1,and up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.M I LITARY WATCH ESMen's Military WristWatches, radiumdials, guaranteedmovements, $12.50and up. ,SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may24-3t)1ft IB 1ftOPTICAL GLASS FAMINE NOWNEARING AN END.Dr. W. R. Franklin has "returnedfrom Louisville, where he attendedthe annual meeting of the KentuckyAssociation of Optomerists, whichclosed its session at the Hotel HenryWatterso-n, Tuesday night.The election of officers for theAssociation for the next term resulted in the following selections: President, C. C. Brown, Mayfield; vicepresident, R.'N. Phipps, Fulton; secretary-treasurer,Miss Mildred B.Inslow, Danville.Probably the most welcome newsthat developed during the meetingwas the statement that the UnitedStates is now recovering from a twoyears' famine of optical glass, andthat American manufacturers arenow making a better grade of thecommodity than that formerly imported from Germany.!Be PreparedFor ARefreshingDipWe have a new stock ofCapsWater WingsSwimming Bagsand SuitsAll sizes, styles and prices.DaughertyBros.Fifth and MsinKodaks, Victrolasand Supplies,War-Time Economy Sale!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingvery interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $ 1 7.75Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price. $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50i? values at $2.2SRegular $2.00 and $2.50 values at. .$1 ,79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at.... 98cEconomy Salem Bed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each .'Economy SaleCurtain Net, regular 35c andquality, per yardEconomy Sale Special va"ues0ip1:oc$4.5o!atThis Sale is Now Going On!HARRYMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.MESSES1m ...-.. pand would be pleased to have you call II ' and inspect our offerings.gjj " HTHE J T. HINTON CO. ITrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and style represented inTthisgrouping, including the wanted .colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2;39.vv vaiuea, .Economy saie price.. 3.3. 3$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price .. $498$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5t98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7. 98Economy Sale Specials inHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLa'dies' Silk Lisle Hose, "regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale SpecialOne lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at., $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. . . $ 1 .98Special$1.69Special40c22 1 -2cyE are showing the most extensivee and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We cani surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,Aand would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.rHalf PriceThis Sale is For Cash Only!SIMON224-228 W. MAIN ST-LEXINGTON, KY.feaHi8B -By B:nH5?"9fiitfn.imVAvVI.if1"u JIsaIifI1&Aa.u.aQSa'mryJr -THE BOUMON NEWS, PARIS, KT.YAGXSTX1' MIM'1 WlFRIDAY, MAY 31, 1518. 1Stw5how5-HowPedple"aarVr Keep CoolWith Body At Temperature of Ninety-eight Degrees, Therefore CoolerThan That of Atmosphere Itself, Unnecessary to Perspire and j"Wither" Unless Mercury Registers Ninety- Degreesin the Shade.By JAMES B. MacDONAID, M. D., Ph. D., H. D.Heat is the absence of cold andcold 'is the absence of heat! Thissums up the entire logic of keepingeither cool or warm. In summer weclose the windows and draw theshades to keep out the sun and heated, atmosphere. Seemingly, and bycomparison, we keep cool. But thisis merely a psychological illusion,for with the body at a temperatureof 98 degrees, our entire being deflects a greater heat than that of theoutside temperature unless it happens c'that the thermometer registershigher than that of body heat, whichit really does!Let me explain! The Eskimobuilds himself a house of snow, andkeeps warm. How does he do this?By merely keeping out the cold, andleting his body radiate its naturalteat.In summer you perspire and "welter" in a temperature many degreescooler than your own body that is,you think you do!But, in reality, this is a physiological impossibility, for a greaterheat cannot be made warmer by alesser heat. The real cause of mostexcessive warmth and perspiration insummer time is due entirely to a poorstate of blood, and the consequentfailure of the sweat-glands to properly functionate! If the blood is keptwell-thinned and in an otherwisehealthy condition, the individual continues to feel as bouyant and cool asin the coldest weather.Thickened, heavy blood is thecause, in nine cases out of ten, of thegroginess" and inertia which besetMOVE TO HAVE VOLUNTEERSPROM 40 TO 55.Another move toward full utilization of the country's manpower wasmade Friday when Secretary Bakersent to Congress the draft bill proposing to raise the maximum agelimit for volunteer enlistment in thearmy from 40 to 55 years. All menover 40 so enlisted would be assigned to non-combatant service.In a letter to Speaker Clark asking that the bill be pushed, Secretary Baker said:"Every man above the age of 40years which is enlisted in non-combatantbranches of the service available for duty with the line troops, aman within the prescribed age limitfor all troops."Many men whose long experienceas mechanics and artisans will makethem particularly valuable to the various staff corps and departmentsmay be thus secured instead ofyounger men without such experience and the efficiency of the staffcorps and the departments thus willbe increased."There probably are 7,500 men between the ages of 40 and 55 andmany thousands of them already haveand a bottleMake your meal more satisfying more nutritious, byordering a drink that is pleasant in'taste'and beneficialin food value.Try a Bottle ofn ,IMADEnrvev tUKmJINwith your noonday luncheon it will refresh you after your morning's work with its invigorating goodness and assist materially inkeeping you feeling fine and fit during the later part of the day.At home with your evening meal you will enjoy a bottle of thiswholesome drink. - The best Pearl Barley, Hops and distilledwater used in this delightful beverage will contribute largely toyour good health because of their tonic and food values.Try a bottle today and you will quickly realize why Bevera isthe popular non-intoxicating drink that is enjoyed daily by manythousands of people. 'Get it at drug stores, grocers, confectioners, soda fountains or.wherever soft drinks are sold.The Isaac Leisy Company, Established 1862 Cleveland, O.THE ESTERMAN-VERKAMP CO.Telephone Main 1313SECOND AND MAIN STS., CINCINNATI, OHIODistributers ef BEVERAin Hottest Weatherus in summer time, and not the density of atmosphere or the heat. Beware, however, of the reme'dy which,causes "watery" blood, for this is theforerunner "of anaemia antituberculosis,. Again, a weakened constitution is unable to withstand the slightrest exertion, and the perspiration' ofdebility then besets the individual.Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who suffer fromthe effects of thickened, heavy blood,coagulated and polluted with thewaste matter of the winter's accumulation, A-I-M stands without a peer;for it not only thins and purines theblood, but carries the various impurities out of the system naturallyand effectively. As a general "springtonic" and as a prompt relief for that"tired feeling" and rundown condition so prevalent at this season, it remains the only natural, non-corrosivefully assimilable and digestible ironknown to medical science.On the market over thirty years,and with thousands upon thousandsof testimonials from physicians, lawyears, clergymen, pharmacists andlaymen who testify to its merits,A-I-M is the onlp remedy which issold with the dijinct understandingthat its purchase price will be refunded if it fails to benefit in everypossible degree. Reject all spuriousimitations, which profit-seeking druggists try to foist upon you, and demand the original Acid Iron Mineral.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adx)attested their desire to serve bybombarding the department with applications. NAVY DEPARTMENT ASKS DELETION OF SHIPPING NEWSAll newspapers have again beenurged by the Navy Department,through the Committee on Public Information, to discontinue the publication of news items and advertisements which may in any degree indicate the location or movement ofvessels.This notice has not been issued because of new circumstances endangering ocean shipping none hasarisen but because it is felt thatvoluntary censorship has not yetachieved the fullest measure of. essential secrecy in the protection ofmerchant shipping. The notice asksthat all references to names of ships,dates of sailing and arrival, information of routes, schedules, cargoes,location and movement of ships bedeleted from news and advertisingcopy.Just because you are warm nowdon't forget you were cold last winter. of BEVERACLEVELANDCkKAGOVERinnJfTOKI)gBS iyCREAS4ErTTITG ET.ATO-rOR THE LA- ED-FREJGHT AND.PASSENGER RATES,WASHINGTON, May 28. Tomeet wage increases just announced,and higher costs ol coal and othersupplies this year, Director GeneralMcAdoo Monday - ordered - ireightrates in the United States raised J25per 'cent and passenger fares m-creased to 6 cents a miie irom tnepresent basis of about 2Vz .cents." If is 'estimated that the programwill bring between $800,000,000 and$900,000,000 more revenues to therailroads within the next year. Itrepresents by far the biggest rate increase in the history of railroads.The new freight charges, whichcover both class and commodity-rates,become effective June 25 and passenger-increase-will-goInto effect 'June10.Issued under authority granted bythe railroad act to President Wilson,acting through the 'director general,the order wipes out all intra-Statelower rates effective on either freightor passenger traffic.Travelers in standard sleeping andparlor cars are required to pay 3 centsa miler in addition- to Pullman fareand in tourist sleeping cars 3 & cents.Pullman rates remain the same.Commutation and other suburbanrates on railroads arc, increased, 10per cent. Fare on electric interurbanlines are not affected.Special excursion, mileage, convention rates and tourist rates with a fewexceptions are discontinued, such asstopovers and free side trips, areabolished, and excess baggagecharges are increased.Both freight and passenger rateson boat lines operated on the lakes,rivers or coastwise by railroads areto be raised proportionately with thegeneral increases.Existing differential and rate relationships between various localitiesare to be preserved so far as possible,but many readjustments will have tobe made later. All rates are subjectto review by the Interstate CommerceCommission.Export and import rates are ordered canceled and the higher domesticrates will apply to and from ports.A number of flat increases instead of percentage additions areordered for coal, coke, lumber, ore,stone, grain, cotton, live stock, meats,sugar, bullion and other commodities.In announcing that the rate increases are required by public interest, Director General McAdoo referred to the $300,000,000 or more added to the pay rolls of railroad laborunder an order published Monday, tothe rapidly rising cost of coal, whichhe estimated this year alone at$160,000,000 more than last year,and to higher costs of every othermaterial entering into railroad transportation. Operating expenses, he estimated, would be between$830,000,000 and $860,000,000greater this year than the$2,852,000,000 figure of last year.Exceptions to the three-cent rateare made for soldiers and sailors, whomay travel at one cent a mile onfurlough at their own expense andfor those attending the national encampment of the Grand Army of therepublic at Portland, Ore., and theUnited Confederate Veterans reunion at Tulsa, Okla. Both of theseorganizations are permitted rates ofone cent a mile and for various Statemeeting of the veterans two cents willbe charged.Children under five years of agewill be carried free, as at present,and those between 5 and 12 .will becharged half of the new higher fare.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from the Blood and healingthe- diseased portions.Alter you nave taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and eetrid of catarrhSend for testimo-nials, free.F. J.Sold by allCHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Druggists, 75c.Of course the spring poet doesn'tmake much money, but if he feelslike he writes he doesn't need much.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376tTQNIA DERBY.Sunny Slope,; whose close secondto A. K. Macomb er'.s War Cloud inthe first section of the PreaknessStakes at Pimlico recently has attracted the favorable attention ofEastern horsemen, is among the sixty-eight eligibles for the thirty-sixthrunning of the $15,000 Latonia Derby, which -will be decided at "FairLatonia" this season on Saturday,June 22. It is probable that SunnySlope will be numbered among thefield that will go to the post for thisrich race, the winning of which ismuch coveted because of the prestigethat goes with such a feat as becauseof its intrinsic value. The horse thatis successful in emerging the victorfrom the stamina testing mile andone-half struggle that places the Latonia Derby in a class by itself amongthree year old races on this side ofthe Atlantic mus;, possess speed andendurance of the highest order.There is no better badge of courageand stamina to be had on the American turf than goes with the winningof this race and that is why breedersand owners of high class three-year-oldsare always so anxious to win it.The list of its winners since its 'institution in 1883 contains the namesof many illustrious horses and seldomhas it happened that any but a highclass horse has succeeded in carryingoff the honors in this particularrace.At this writing, four weeks in advance of the running of the race, itlooks as if the field would be recruited from among such horses asKenneth D. Alexander's Escoba, R.J. Austin's Jim Heffering, R. L. Baker's Tacola, O. A. Bianchi's LuckyB.f J. E. Madden's Everest, Gallaher Bros.' Sewell Combs, WillisSharpe Kilmer's Exterminator andSun Briar, G. W. Loft's Papp, Geo.J. Young's Freecutter, T. C. McDowell's American Eagle, William Martin's Sunny Slope, Andrew Miller'sRecount, D. Raymond's Hollisterand J. W. Schorr's James T. Clark.There is a possibility that stableslike those of J. K. L. Ross, HarryPayne Whitney, Jefferson Livingstonand W. H. Baker, all of whom madenumerous nominations for the race,may have representation in it, although none of their eligibles havebeen showing Derby form in theracing that has taken place so farthis season.THAT CHANGE INWOMAN'S LIFEMrs. Godden Tells How ItMay be Passed in Safetyand ComfortFremont, O. "I was passing throughthe critical period of life, being forty-six years of age andhad all the symptoms incidenttothatchange heat flashes, nervousness, andwas in a general rundown condition, soit was hard for meto do my work.Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound was recommended to me as thebest remedy for mytroubles, which itsurely proved to be. I feel better andstronger in every way since taking it,and the annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon St, Fremont, Ohio:Such annoying symptons as heatflashes, nervousnsss, backache, headache, irritabilityand "the blues," maybe speedily overcome and the systemrestored to normal conditions by tailfamous root and herb remedy Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If any complications present themselves write the Pinkham Medicine Co.,Lynn, Mass., for suggestions how toovercome them. The result of fortyyears experience is at your service andyour letter held in strict confidence.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesfishand Meatsare kept inside our stpre inseparate refrigerators everything screened "arid freefrom dost and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. M Our .service ispMfipt5 si :: " 'lvitMjtWWmSMARGOLIN'SrfTake Care ofYourAmerica's greatest need is for shipsmore ships.Every available vessel is being utilizedin government service.Many ships that have been carrying rubber fromSumatra and Brazil' have been taken for activetransport duty. The number now left' to bringrubber to this country is extremely limited. iThis will necessarily force a temporary curtailment of tire production.So, make the most of the tires you have.Use good tires.Take good care of them. Keep them in perfectrepair. See that they are properly inflated.Increase their mileage by careful driving. Keepout of car tracks and away frombumps. Don't scrape the curb usco Treador apply brakes too suddenly.Get every mile your tireshave in them.Only in that way can you beassured of your car's continuous service and remember,your tire is a vital war-timenecessity.So again,take care of your tires.United States Tiresare Good Tires0 SnHpB-Kjrnii' XflBMiHHHHHIWHroB I'M '- - nJKlaeEfiKSIWi?AllillllllillMMIMMimiiMBIIIIi iHTgflJllVA complete stock of Unitedfollowing Sales and Service Depots:IRAPARKS & SONMILLERSBURG HARDWAREJ. W. MITCHELL & SONYourLastChancetoBuyColumbia Oil & Gas Co. Stockat 75c Per ShareOn Monday, June 3rd, the Stock willAdvance to$1.00 A SHARETELEGRAMHave closed contract for 5wells on COLUMBIA tract.Rig is being moved to propertytoday.J. PL McCLURKIN,Manager.This will make S wells drilling onour Lee County .property. Send yourorders at once for stock. DO NOTWAIT!'D. FARLEY & CO.Fiscal AgentsRaom 414 Courltr-Jaurnal Bid.LOUISVILLE, KY..p;X , -. --1-JL fJi.iTiresStates Tires is carded by theParis, Ky.CO Millersburf, Ky.North Middletown, Ky.l3fflB38 HB1MXiSanitary Meat MarketT .TEksVVK 3ZJ9'Vw)-40FRIDAY, MAY 31, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGI SEfBf46V&LSs.Germany Will Never Starve; HotWhile We Have 1,000,000 Prisoners!"m aj j 1 jJ. "J& JfJ Baron von der Keilhofer.Bundesrath. Senator, in CannibalisticSpeech, Declares Eating of Prisoners Thoroughly Justifiable If Black Wolf of Starvation Faces Empire.Berne, Switzerland Delayed),May 30. In one of the most barbaricspeeches ever uttered in the highchambers of the Bundesrath, BaronWilhelm von der Xeilhofer, ot Bavaria, with typical Teutonic cruelty,declared it was useless for the enemyto presuppose that Germany could bestarved out, because of the addedharvest their conquest of Russia entailed and the fact that the Fatherland already holds over 1,000,000American, French, British and Belgian prisoners. He said in part:"Surival of the fittest and selfpreservation have always been thepredominant features of existence.Were Germany to face the black wolfof starvation, it would be our sheerand bounden duty to our brave soldiers, wives and children,, to slaughter such prisoners as God may havegranted us in the same manner aswe would any other swine, and thusrelieve the hunger of our noble race.I might take you back through thehistory of the ages and show youhow, when forced to this point of extremity, all nations have subsisted onthe carcasses of their prisoners."Fortunately, however, Germanywill never be forced to such an extremity; for God, in his righteousanger, has smitten the enemy, andgiven Russia with her thousandsupon thousands of grain fields untous in our hour of need, and whileour military genius has been turningout scientific monsters of destruction,our wizards of chemistry have beendeveloping equally startling discoveries of life conservation."To-day we possess a marvelousproduct, which ranks as the greatestsingle achievement in' the annals ofmodern chemistry one five-graintablet of which, when added to theordinary vegetarian meal, serves asa full equivolent to a half-pound ofthe best porterhouse steak or to oneand a quarter pounds of sausage.Therefore, Germany need never resortto the necessity of the admittedly unpleasant thought of eating her prisoners, although it is well known thatMEANING OF SHIP TONNAGEhuman uesh is very tasty. Naturally,this formula is a military secret, andgreat care will be taken to preventany of this product falling into theenemies' hands, for fear they mightpossibly be able to analyze it andthen reproduce it themselves."Just what this alleged marvelousproduct contains is of course still amystery to the scientists of thiscountry, although it is a well knownfact that many of the organic sulphates, when taken In conjunctionwith other food, will greatly increasethe blood tissues and weight of theindividual. It has long been a recognized fact that a purely organic, assimable and digestible iron wouldgreatly enhance the general health ofmankind, but the only known chemical irons ruined the teeth, upset thedigestion, and were iust about as ab-,, ,sorable in the human anatomy as aten-cent piece would be.The only known product in thiscountry similar to that described byBaron von der Keilhofer is Acid IronMineral, which, like the iron foundin beef, mutton, celery, and a fewother foodstuffs, is fully organic anddigestible.Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood, but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who suffer fromthe effects of thickened, heavy blood,coagulated and polluted with thewaste matter of the winter's accumulation, A-I-M stands without a peer;for it not only thins and purifies theblood, but carries the various impurities out of the system naturallyand effectively. As a general springtonic and as a prompt relief for that"tired feeling" and run down condition so prevalent at this season itremains the only natural, non-corrosive,fully assimilable and digestibleiron known to medical science.Therefore, reject all spurious imitations, which profit-seeking druggists try to thrust upon you, and demand t;he original Acid Iron Mineral.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adx)McCOMBS OIL CO.An Established Producing and Dividend-Paying Company.67 Producing Wells 17,000 Acresof Proven Leases.We purchased recently entire holdings of the BeckettIseman Oil and Gas Co., totaling 4,000 acres in the Campton and Torrent fields in Wolfe County. &On this property there are 38 producing wells connected with pipe lines.Due to increase in value of company s holdings,On June 15, 1918, StockAdvances to$1.50 Per ShareAnd Dividend Rate to18 Per CentPer AnnumiFIVE DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFacts to Consider1. Established Company beyond experimental stage.2. Monthly Dividend of 1 per ct. After June 1 1-2 per ct.3. Earnings largely in excess of dividend requirements.4. Extensive holdings -17, 000 acres -largely m provenforrifnrvI 5. Stock has been subscribed in large blocks by discriminating investors.The Company's Stock May Now BePurchased at $1 .OO Per Share.Full Information on Request.ABRAM RENICK, President514-16 Inter-Southern Bldg. Louisville, KentuckyPhone Our RepresentativeJ. D. HEDRICKWindsor Hotel1:i?You Can PinYour FaithOu our Optical work. Go into theeyeglass question carefully before youbuy Glasses. It is is as dangerous towear glasses furnished by anyone buta graduate Optometrist as it is towear glasses fitted to 'someone else'seyes. You incur no obligation by reQuesting our advice about your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"0PT0METBIST."Both Phones. 520 Main St JPlay Fair.There Is nothing like playing fairly,whether it be Just sport or' in deadearnest Mankind eiists only by theterm of r fair play and he who doenot play "square, he who breaksevery rule which the world believesright, will find that the world haiUttle use for such a player.Pet Seagull, 35 Years Old Dies."Charlie" a pet seagull belonging tethe bishop of Ely, has died, after baring been an occupant of the Palacsgardens 26 years. It was caught oathe Dorset coast 35 years ago. Fromthe Mail, Paris.Our estimate of a. pessimist is that-he is the kind of person who doesn'tbelieve grease would do an axle anygood. " ,Several Differerit Uses of Term, Applied as Occasion Demands, ArCited by National Authority.The different uses of tonnage termswhen speaking of ships are causes ofconfusion to the lay mind. Why shipscannot be really compared accordingto tonnage is explained by Capt C. A.McAllister, engineer in chief, UnitedStates coast guard, in an article inPopular Science Monthly. For example,he states, steamship companies, in order to Impress relative safety of theircraft, will advertise the sailing of acertain steamer of 20,000 tons, meaning, of course, gross tons. The company's agent, in entering it at the custom house, will take precaution to certify that she is only 7,340 tons, whenpaying tonnage taxes. He then Is referring to her net tonnage, and in factthat standard Is used omy when paying dues or taxes.Displacement tonnage "Is almost exclusively applied to warships, as theydo not carry cargoes. Strange to say,the tonnage of a battleship varies almost hourly, as coal or other weightyobjects are used or taken on board.The tonnage of warships is, however,fixed ; they are referred to in terms ofthe fixed tonnage.A statement that a 10,000-ton battleship sank a 10,000-fon merchant shipdoes not mean that the ships were ofequal size. The' merchant ship wouldbe much larger, owing to the differentmeanings of the term "ton," as appliedto the two types of vessels. It Is absolutely Impossible to give rules for therelation of these terms, as the conditions vary too greatly. Generally speaking, the gross tonnage of a ship Is from50 to 100 per cent greater than the nettonnage.HIS BOSS LAUGHED AT HIMNovlco Draftsman Relates How HeGot His First Toehold After HisWork Had Been Ridiculed.I never shall forget the first pieceof independent design with which Iwas Intrusted a railing and gate todivide the private from the public office in some business concern, observesa writer in the Century Magazine. Isuppose I worked on It for about twosolid days, assisted and encouraged asfar as I was capable of receiving assistance by the men at the neighboring tables. When finally the headdraftsman came around to look at myeffort I was a very proud person, butwhen, after looking at the drawingsfor a minute or two, he started tomake some criticism and, unable tocontrol himself, began to laugh sohard that everybody else came aroundto see what he wasf laughing at, I wasabout as disappointed as anybodyever was In the world. The headdraftsman was not only a great artist, but a big man. He did not takethe Job away from me, as he shouldhave done; he told me where It waswrong and why It was wrong, apologized for laughing at it, and gave mein these few minutes my first toeholdin comprehension of architectural design. It was then that I began tolearn.' An Isolated Island.The last and most Isolated of thePolynesians Is Easter island. It lies2,000 miles westward of the coast ofChile, its nearest neighbor being Pitcairn island, 1,400 miles further west.It is small, only 45 square miles inarea, and volcanic, the surface beingformed of lava of comparatively recent eruption. Hence the strange lackof vegetation so curiously at variance with a tropical climate. Grassgrows on it, however, and it is for thatreason largely given up to the raisingof sheep and cattle.Easter Island was discovered nearlytwo hundred years ago by the DutchAdmiral Roggeveen, 'who cast anchorthere on an Easter Sunday, whence itderived its name. He found it morelargely populated than it Is now. Buthe and his crew must have seen andmarveled at Its bold rock-sculpture, Itsterraces and walls, Its picture writings. Many of these, indeed, rival the.world-famous relics of Mexico andPeru, while they are strangely akin tothem in conception and design.When a Child "Fails."When a child fails in school, mustit always be the-fault of the child? Mayit not be the faults of his parents? Orof the school which he attends? Investigations have shown that there Is ahost of children whose mental sluggishness is due to physical causes, Dr.M. P. B. Groszmann writes in Humanitarian. Even conservative estimates place the percentage of childrensuffering from some physical ailmentat 75 ; this means about 18,000,000 children of school age In this country. Almost all of these ailments are removable, even preventable. They rangefrom decayed and maladjusted teethwith their manifold sad effects uponthe efficiency and the temper of thegrowing child to such serious 'defectsas nervous disorders, tuberculosis,blindness, etc.Large Feet and Bad Cough.Muggins was the possessor of verylarge feet and a -very bad cough. Heentered a boot shop and the young assistant turned the shop vpside downto find something to fit his "out size."Muggins had just tried on the fortiethpair when he started coughing."It's a nasty cougn you've got," saidthe assistant '"Yes," gasped' Muggins. "Doctorsays I've one foot in the grave now.""I shouldn't worry," said the assistant "You'll never get the other in;it's too big."j. i i33Bv0.'f;;7ilpIre THE 1.0-KG ttljtircrU XJ J ifn gmsmprMzm'.iv-i;?k.lested at EveryPI , ttWl limpets.bint of the LoifidassSS5ScrurasSuaftN&sjbWbera Yew See Tim Stai 9ftSfcaatafMCiBuy from Goodrich Daa!aLocated Zrwym)mGOODRICHTISTEBTIRESWjK SI Thrift 1 8 f.f ii ths sister of Va.' jl patriotism. IjZ SI By Wa' I'.; II Savins I;V 1 Stamps. I,'It'M tX! OltMMlMt .? 3JF wary OoodHchmm i m-HER-'s a lot of geography Jnthe wear of tires. Some wearwell in one region, and wearout in another. Climate, peculiar roads and road conditions are thecause of it Therefore, good service ina single region is ndt enough proof oftires that'rfiiist unaefgo nationwide use.Least of all could it measure tires upto the TESTED standard, Goodrichdemands of tires.With a command to find out whatGoodrich Tires do on the roads of everysection of our country, and what theroads of every section do to GoodrichTires, Goodrich sent itsfamous Six Fleets ofover forty cars, lightand heavy, the length andbreath of our nation toan aggregate mileage of1,044,686 linear miles,and 4,178,744 tire miles.The Pacific Fleet contributed 166,960 miles ondesert paths and coast highways ; theMountain Fleet 55,796 through theRocky Mountains; The Dixie Fleet3,285,860 in the South and NorthMidland; the Prairie Fleet 198,744 onthe Great Plains; The Lake Fleet217,372; and The Atlantic Fleet254,012 on a grand our of manytours ranging from Virginia, throughNew England, and back to the City ofGoodrich.Throughout this road roughing,SELVERTOWN CORDS and BLACKSAFETY TREADS, proved themselves the tires of durability and dependability wherever you go in ourbroad land. They verified all the goodqualities of Goodrich Tires, and revealed many new virtues.Get the economy, the comfort andcertainty of such proven service bydemanding the tires proved out in4,178,744 miles over American roads"America's Tested Tires."THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCincinnati BranoH: 1110 Eace St., Cincinnati, Ohio.tB2.mwMviwmmiiiuwvmasiv.9MmuMmmfKnMiittmKmni.miiiamw3rmnETHE CITY OF GOODRICH KROW, OHIO.Straightening Wire.Stray pieces of copper wire harmany uses, but it often Is necessaryto straighten out wire that has alreadybefc used. See that there ar nsharp bends or kinks "In the wire andtralghten out by hand any such thatare found. Fasten an end of the wlrsto some firm anchorage; grip It Inthe vise If need be. Loop the otherend of the wire around a hammerhandle or similar instrument and thenpull out the length of the wire. Repeat the operation as often as necessary. If the wire Is of soft copper Itwill stretch a little, which improveIX!!XGEO. W. DAVISfUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KIffPoor Man IAccording to Plutarch, Cato saidthat in his whole life he most repentedoi inree tnings. une was tnat ne naatrusted a secret to a woman; another,that he went by water when he mighthave gone by land; the third, that hehad remained one whole day withoutdoing any business of moment.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangestSSasflsasaBiRBalaSaaBaBaH1 1 BBaaVIIHIRBaBaVBsvI ItNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.A beautiful llns of Garlands on display. Corns In and look thorn ovor.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated) .Let Us Serve You!This company is a public servant in a greater capacity tha?iother utilities, such, as railroad, the gas or electric light anlpower cojmpanies, because It serves you day and night oftetimes in masters of extreme importance. The doctor, the pollcaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopltor your triends. ' L ' 'HATCfYOlff A PH0HE1The C03t'i3 reinl&leT and is something few people canafford to do without. We axe a home institution and are vitally interestedi in the town's welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone i Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. cAinrojr,Diitrict KaiiAfer. Lml Itawffe?.U1r533mIr.iitVK'ViM4JVIf''k!v'41EAAS$mfj'MivtU.IrniMfcm6f&SG-,,"V4nx.Jfc '"K"?.. J;A.t"71CE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.- FRIDAY, KAY 31, If If.: 1 II I II 1 1H "MM"Mf I 1 1 H I M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 13; The J. T. Hinton Co. ;UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INIsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.""""Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.till HI! M'Wt I M"tfrfrI''l"t Hill iMILLERSBURGDr. W. (x. Dailey and Mr. It. M.Caldwell were in Cincinnati on business Tuesday.THE SICK. Messrs. James Clever, Earl Hill, Mrs. Fannie Nortonand Dr. W. M. Miller, are all improving; Elder Alex Sanders contin-ues about the same.Mr. and Mrs. 0. W. Ingels visit- ed their son, Mr. J. A. Ingels, atCanip Taylor, Louisville, "Wednesdayand' Thursday. The Dr. Barrow Unitwill-leave the Camp in the near future. -T&e young ladies of the RedCross Chanter will serve hot coffee.sandwiches, ice-cream, and lemonadeDEATHS.FICKLEN.The funeral of Mr. William T.Ficklen, aged ninety-two, whosedeath at the Massie Memorial Hospital was chronicled in Tuesday'sNEWS, was held Wednesday afternoon at three o'clock. Services wereconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, assisted by Rev. C. S. Brooks, of Lexington. The pall-bearers were ForrestThomas, E. W. Thacker, Judge Harmon Stitt, James Shea, Dr. J. M.Williams and J. H. Richards.Mr. Ficklen is survived by one sister, Mrs. H. Chase, of Washington,D. C, two nephews. Robert J. Cason the M. M. I. Campus, on Monday, sidy and George Cassidy, of Lexing-drill day. All persons donating tothe luncheon will please communicate with Mrs. C. R. Carrington, atthe home of Mr. J. H. McDaniel.ton, and three nieces, Mrs. C. S.Brooks and Mrs. M. Stokeley, of Lexington, and Mrs. Jennie Clark, ofKansas.TTip Tnimer Mp.n's Da.Tim:ner Cluh-rrTn tri-rra. n rtmiPP at tVlP fmPM JinilQA 'llfMn cAn yrr fltrOTi i-n r Tuna A KA(rinn cuucouaj cituuib, uuuu -x, U&51U- (mng at y:su, in nonor or uie many"visitors who will be here on accountof the M. M. I. Commencement.' Everything is in readiness for theM. M. I Commencement exercises.The grounds are in order, and are"beautiful. The tents have arrived,and a large number of ex-Cadets areexpected. This, too, in view of thefact that more than 150 are commissioned officers in the U. S. Army,RELIGIOUS.Services will be held at theHutchison Chapel next Sunday, June2, at 11:00 a. m., and 8:00 p. m.Morning subject, "Our Interests Involved in The Present War." Evening subject, "Jesus Christ, the OnlyMediator." The public is cordiallywhile many others hold places boTh7inviti to attend both servicesin the army and navy. See calendar for Commencement program.ftl M IBB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtsSIXTEEN BURNED TO DEATH INASYLUM FIRE.Rev. W. H. SheoTJard. a coloredmissionary recently returned fromthe interior of Africa, delivered aninteresting address on the manners,customs, progress and religious training of the. natives, at the coloredBaptist church Monday night. Rev.Sheppard is in charge of the ColoredSouthern Presbyterian Mission inLouisville.Several delegates from the Baptist churches of the county attendedthe Elkhorn Annual Missionary Convention, which was held in the EastHickman Baptist church in Lexington yesterday.The delegates to the Conventionrepresented the district which in-Fire destroyed a ward at the StateHospital for the Insane, at Columbia,' S. C-, resulting in burning to deathof at least sixteen patients. Eleven-other patients are missing and five-were badly burned, one of whom af- i eludes the counties of Bourbon, Fay- teward died. ette, Scott, Woodford and Franklin.IThe ward devoted to idiots and the The principal speaker was Mrs. J. L.- mentally defective, contained forty-' Hart, a returned missionary from Ar" iive patients, of whom thirty-four gentina. A special prayer servicehas been accounted for. Some of the for victory by the Allies was held atpatients are said to have run back the noon hour, followed by a lunch-into the burning building after hav- eon set by the ladies of the church,ing been taken out. The fire is be- Mrs. L. S. Roberts presided at thelieved to have been caused by defec- meeting, at which reports were readutive electric wiring. from . an the various organizationsthroughout the State.Tire, WindInsurance.and Lightning4BIRTHS.Thomas, Woodford' & Bryan. 'lEBENCH ORPHANS HAVE MANY In this city, to' the wife of Mr.FRIENDS IN BOURBON. I James Cassity, nee Miss Ella French,-i a son.The committee in charge of thef thiscity to the wife of Mrfunds for the Fatherless Children ofiFrance Society, held a meeting in'Lexington, Wednesday afternoon, at"Which Mr. Wm. Warren resigned as""treasurer and was succeeded by Mr.tJeorge W. Weeks, formerly of ?aris.This is a most interesting form of- war charity and those who have gotten in touch, with their little "godchildren" do not want to give themup. The $36.50 given each year isduplicated by the French Government arfd supports a French orphanin his or her own home. Letterscome direct fronvthe children to theirgenerous 'benefactors. The following"Bourbon county people "adopted""War Orphans last year:Elizabeth F. Simms, Mrs. WoodfordSpears, Peale Collier, J. Hal Woodford, Mrs. Jos. M. Hall', Coleman Renick, John W. Marrs, A. B. Hancock,Charlton Clay, Thos. J. Kiser, Jas.H. Thompson, Mrs. E. F. Spears, SamClay, N. Ford Brent, Anna ThomasTalbott, Mrs. C. H. and Bess'Buckner,Mrs. J. Miller Ward, B. M. Renick,Martha L. Tipton, Jos. D. Booth,Catesby Spears, Fritz Meinertz, Mrs.Jeee Turney, E. F. Simms, Miss Lucy.rStaou,1 K 1 "! iv.iu.wmSpears Moore, nee Miss ElizabethHouston, a son.Near Little Rock, this county,to the wife of Mr. Ivan Soper, neeMiss Mary Belle Wyatt, a son.To the wife of Mr. Fred Fister.presiding on the North Middletown,pike, near Paris, a son; weight tenpounds. Mr. Fister is the father ofeight children, seven of them boys.Near Taylorsville. in Snonnnrcounty, last week, to the wife of Mr.C. B. Cassity, nee-Miss Mamie Harney, of near North Middletown, adaughter; second child; both daughters. 111MEDICAL ADVISORY BOARD APPOINTED FOB BOURBON.The Medical Advisory Board toserve during the registration of June5 has been appointed by Dr. LewisS. McMurtry, with the approval ofGov. A. O. Stanley, for the SixteenthDivision, comprising the counties ofBourbon, Harrison, Scott, Nicholas,Jessamine, Fayette and the city ofLexington. The Board is composedof Drs. A. H. Barclay, G. P. SpragueF. H. Clark, W. F. Walz and C. w'Trapp.'SSSS THE PARIS ORANP AND ALAMO! r1- - !Friday, May 3 1stLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Always a Paris FavoriteMARY PICKFORDIN'Amarilly of Clothes Line Alley9King Baggott and Marguerite Snow inthe 12th episode ofTHE EAGLE'S EYE"(The Welland Canal Conspiracy)Saturday, June 1stWilliam Fox PresentsGEORGE WALSHIN"Jack Spurlock, Prodigal"Adapted from the story in the SaturdayEvening Post.Also a Fox Film Comedy"The Soft Tenderfoot"Monday, June 3rdAnother Prime Paris Fa-voriteDOROTHY DALTONin a great film play"The Tyrant Fear"Also a Fox Film Comedy"A SON-OF-A-GUN"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.MATRIMONIAL..A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. EarlyFlora and Miss Inez Watkins, bothof this county.Marriage licenses were issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton to James P. Zornes andMrs. Frances Stewart and Lloyd Halland Miss Lillie Spicer, all of thiscounty. -PERCENTAGES OF WAGES INCREASE TABULATED.been on the docket awaiting trial ora new trial, are expected to come upfor action.The criminal docket contains threemurder cases, while the grand jurywill likely be kept busy with indictments for numerous offenses.ii -:WASHINGTON, May 28 The percentages of wage increase rapge from43 for men who received $46 a monthin December, 1915, down to a smallrate for those receiving just under$250, and no more pay is allowed menwho made $250 or more in 1915. Theactual additions run up to $34.With the exception of office andmessenger boys under 18, who are , ter of equipment it will be second tonone, everything having been provid-NEW ANNEX TO MASSIE HOSPITAL THROWN OPEN.The colored people of the city andcounty were given an opportunity on.Wednesday morning to pay a visit ofinspection to the new annex to theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, which was made possible mainlythrough contributions by them.The new building was erected andequipped at a total cost of about$18,000, and is to be used as a hospital adjunct for the treatment andcare of colored patients. It is a complete hospital in itself; has its ownreception hall, dining room, kitchen,operating room, warfs and bed roomsand will accommodate fifteen patients very comfortably. In the mat-given smaller increases, all employeswho received less than $46 a monthare given a flat increase of $20 withthe provision that laborers paid bythe day shall get a minimum of 2cents an hour above the rate sixmonths. sThe table of increases, as announced, itemized for each dollar of wagesreceived in December, 1915, may besummarized as follows:Monthly Ratein 1915$4650556065707580859090100105110115120125130135140145150155160165170175180185190195200205210215220225230235Increase Above1915 ,Payto 55 21.60 toto 60 22.96 toto 65 25.01 toto 70 27.06 toto 75 29.11 toto 80 31.16 toto 85 32.75 toto 90 33.85 toto 95 33.10 toto 100 32.35 toto 105 31.60 toto 110 27.12 toto 115 27.12 toto 120 25.31 toto 125 23.64 toto 130 22.11 toto 135 20.69 toto 140 19.38 toto 145 18.16 toto 150 17.02 toto 155; 15.96 toto 160 14.97 toto 165 14.04 toto 170 13.16 toto 175 12.34 toto 180 11.56 toto 185 10.83 toto 190 10.15 toto 195 9.48 toto 200 8.85 toto 205 8.26 toto 210 7.69 toto 215 7.16 toto 220 6.64 toto 225 6.15 toto 230 5.69 toto 235 5.24 toto 239 4.81 to239 01 to 250Enough to make $250nat.$21.5022.5524.6026.6528.7030.7532.7034.0034.2532.5031.7531.0025.6625.6623.9622.40 1on og l19.6318.3917.24161715.1614.2213.3312.5011.7110.9710.279.618.978.387.807.266.746.255.785.334.894.56ed for the use of the physicians andnurses in their practice, including afull and complete set of operating instruments, tables, appliances, sterilizing plant, etc.The annex was made ready yesterday for the reception of patients.While it will be under the generalcontrol of the Board of Trustees ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital, it willhave its own day and night graduatenurses and will also institute a training department for colored girls whodesire to become nurses.Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.Vc.IA. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesTo figure the increase he will get,each employe should determine thepay which his present position carried in December, 1915, for if he hasbeen promoted or demoted, his newwage is based upon the 1915 pay ofthe position which he now holds. Increases which have accompanied promotions are not increases in the senseof the new schedule, since "the wageruns with the place," not with theman.. Back pay due under the retroactiveincreases will be sent to any man whohas been dismissed from the railroadservice since January 1, or who hasentered the army or navy, but not toan employe who quit voluntarily.FOR THE GARDEN AND LAWN.Lawn mowers, garden hose andgrass hooks at prices you are not usedto. Come in and let us show yousome real bargains in this line. Wereally save you money.- (28-tf) FARMERS' SUPPLY COLAST DAY POR HUNG SUITS INCIRCUIT COURT.The June terni of the'Bourbon Cir-euu uQurt wm begin on Monday,uuue a, juage Ko&ert L. Stout,who was ill most of the winter, necessitating a stay in Florida, hasabout recovered, and will presidewith Commonwealth's" Attorney Victor Bradley as prosecutor.. Tuesday was the last dav on whiMisuits could be filed in the courtwhereby the process of the court maybe served on parties residing outside the county. About-twenty newsuits have been flled, and several important suits now pending, whichSaturday Specials-I IN'SUMMER SHOESWonderful Bargains For Saturday ShopperslOVER. 9inmost desirable leathersand styles a prices lessthan present factory cost,EveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterBuy your Summer Shoesnow at a great saving.Ladies' most beautifulGray and White Kid, alsoN White ClothBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Ovtr and other famous makes, at prices youcannot possibly duplicateelsewhere.Ladies' White and Grey KidPumps -Ladies' Canvas Boots and TumpsatLadies' Black Kid English Oxford3at.....Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots and Oxfords$3.49$1.99$2.99$3.95Men's Tan and Black Shoes and o jaOxford3, good makes . J.43Men's Dark Tan English Shoes andOxfords, Walk-OverMen's Gun Metal Buttonand Lace ShoesBoys' Gun Metal Lace andButton ShoesMen's Tan Scoutsat$5.00$2.49$1.99$2.24DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHEN, Where Beauty and EconomyReignV..