THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,(&i k'1 '"f-TJ - C -FIT- -"t-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1918CLOSE OF RED CROSS CAMPAIGNIN COUNTY.At tlie close of the business daySaturday at the Red Cross rooms inthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bankbuilding, .after contributions in various amounts had flowed in intermittently through the day, the committee in charge of the work of tabulating stated that the amount wouldjeach ?36,000.On Saturday -night a number ofyoung women in Red Cross uniforms,after an eloquent four-minute address by Hon. E. M. Dickson, made aclose canvass of the audience at theGrand Opera House, realizing a largesum from the contributions receivedthere. There were no slackers there,and every one in the audience responded with a contribution, whetherit was small or large.Yesterday witnessed the close ofthe campaign in the city and county,which was waged unceasingly fromits inception on Monday, May 20.County Chairman James Caldwell, towhose splendid administration of theoffice was due a large part of the success of the drive, left Saturday for arecreation stay at French LickSprings, with a party of North Middletown friends, and the Paris officewas left in charge of Deputy SheriffJ. 0. Marshall and Mr. John N. Davis,who remained on duty all day yesterday receiving and acknowledgingcontributions. Last night, while theexact figures were not given out itwas estimated that Bourbon countywould be able to report a total subscription to the work of the "Greatest of All Mothers," the AmericanRed Cross, the sum of approximately$37,000.BATHING SUITS.It's time for them. Everystylehere prices from 75c to $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.LIBERTY BONDS READY.Liberty Bonds of all threeissues now ready; Subscribers please call and get them.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.(niay-21-tf)PARIS WANTS THE FACTS.At the last meeting of the ParisCity Council, held in the CouncilChamber in the City Hall, Thursday-night, the principal feature of the-proceedings, after the disposition ofroutine business, was the consideration of the matter of investigatingthe electric lighting contract between the Paris Gas & Electric Co.and the city.As a result of the investigationbegun some months ago by Mr. W.H. Weiss, of Kansas City, Mo., whohad been employed by the city as aconsulting engineer, the Councilpassed a resolution making it obligatory upon the part of the Paris Gas& Electric Co. to furnish a completeinventory of its plant and all appurtenances; the service to consumers;to disclose by its books the price itpays for electric current and gas; itsincome account, operating revenue,cost of plant and total annual consumption of electric current and gasand the average revenue received bythe company for the past six years.The Council has, since the first ofJanuary, by resolution, declined topay the full amount rendered againstthe city for lighting the streets, etc.,on the ground that the prices charged for the services were excessive.The subject has been one of greatcontroversy between the city and thelighting company, with the citizensstanding anxiously m the background, silently awaiting developments. NEW SERIES.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association will open another seriesSaturday, June 1. This Associationaffords one of the easiest and mostexcellent methods known for a manto own his home.H A. POWER, President,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t)fai b t53DRUM CORPS EQUIPMENT. ARRIVES. Mr. Rudolph Davis, one of theprime movers in the organization, ofthe Paris Drum and Bugle Corps,returned from Cincinnati, last Friday, where he purchased a completeset of drums, bugles, ana otherequipment for the use of the members. Part of - the - equipment hasbeen on display in the windows ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Co.At a meeting of the members heldat the Y. M."C. A. Saturday nightorganization was effected and the unskilled men drilled in the use of theinstruments Which. they Will handle.Another meeting was 'held at tne ix .last Sight, which was in the nature ofa full-dress rehearsal, flmeeting will be held ut the sameplace to-night, when arrangementswill be perfected for marching at thehead of the Bourbon county drafteeswho will leave to-morow morningfor Ft. Thomas. In addition to theregular equipment of arums fifes,and bugles, the corps will I have ahandsome Jlag and a silver "baton, to.carry. aBIG TIME FOR M. M. I. SUNDAY,MONDAY AND TUESDAY.Millersburg will be in gala .attirenext Sunday. M&ndav and Tuesday.when some of the principal events inconnection with the closing exercisesof the Millersburg Military Institutewill be brought to the forefront.At the Methodist church, on Sunday morning Mr. H. E. Conner, harpist of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, will give a recital. Mr. Conner is also on the program to appearin selections on the harp at the M.M. I. Minstrel, which will be givenMonday night. He is a remarkablygifted musician, and his appearancewill hft onfi of tii mrp ftvftnts nf thseason.The baccalaureate sermon will bedelivered to the members of the1918 graduating class an Sundaymorning by Rev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, D. D., L. L. D., of Philadelphia.Monday will be the really "bigday" when the field day stunts whichare an annual event in the historyof the- M. M. I., will take place.Music for the occasion will be furnished by the Lexington MilitaryBand. Preceding the first event a bigparade has been arranged, to be participated in by the cadet corps andhundreds of Red Cross girls from allover the county, in their costume. Abig service flag, containing 111stars, representing, besides the menin private service, thirty-six commissioned officers, who were graduatesof the M. M. I., will be raised anddedicated at 11:00 a. m., Monday.At 12:30 lunch will be served in abig tent on the grounds, by the ladiesof the Red Cross, the proceeds to goto the Red Cross Chapter. Restrooms will be provided in the Savage cottage, near the campus for theconvenience of ladies. A cordial invitation is extended by Major andMrs. Best, to all the members of theRed Cross in Bourbon county to bepresent in their costumes and takepart in the parade and proceedings.A like invitation is extended to allthe people of the county to attendand help make the day one to be remembered. On Monday night, a minstrel performance will be given, participatedin by former cadets of the M. M. I.from all over the country. This willbe one of the most enjoyable features of the program. Tuesdaymorning the graduating exerciseswill be held. On Tuesday night acotillion and dance will be given, atwhich many new and entirely original figures, all of a military character, .and appropriate to the times,will be given. All the fiigure, favors,decoration, dances and music willpartake of a patriotic character. Themusic will be furnished by Webber'sBand of Cincinnati. Everybody invited and welcomed.The Business Men and Farmerswill play a game of ball against theDoctors, Lawyers and Merchants atthe M. M. I. grounds on Tuesday afternoon, June 4th, at 2:30 o'clock.The Mayor will issue a. proclamationdeclaring a half-holiday on thatdate. The proceeds of the game willbe donated to the Red Cross Society.lei leaSWEET POTATO PLANTS ANYQUANTITY SPECIAL PRICESON BIG LOTS.Sweet potato plants. Special priceon large quantities.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(17-3wks)SS E3 IBGRADUATING GIFTS.What would be nicer for thesweet girl graduate than aVerithin Gruen Wrist Watch?Lots off other appropriate gifts,too.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)151 IBl J2JBOY SCOUTS TO HELP GOVEENMENT PINT BLACK WALNUTPresident "Wilson's appeal to theBoy Scouts of America to help winthe war by locating supplies of blackwalnut trees has been followed byarrangements under which the WarDepartment, the Forest Service, andthe Boy Scout organization havejoined efforts to find needed timber.As President Wilson pointed out,the War Department program makesj the securing of black lumber for usein manufacturing airplane propellersand gun stocks of the utmost importance. War Department and ForestService officials . are combing thecountry for black walnut timber,which can no longer be found inabundance anywhere, but has to beculled, often as single trees, frommixed forest growths. Much of theblack walnut Jthat is left is, in farmers'woodlots, and it is primarily td locate this that the Boy Scouts havebeen called into service. In the aggregate, there are said, to be large"supplies.Many thousands of blanks and letters of instructions are being printedby the Government, for distributionto scouts and s'coUt masters .throughout the region' in which black waljiut occurs in commercial quantities.Individual trees may be found as fareast as Connecticut; northward inMow Vork to and beyond the Canadian line; southward far into theprairie States, but the Ohio andMississippi Valley States, the MiddleAtlantic States, and the SouthernAppalachian region are expected tofurnish most of the supply. As reports are turned in 'by the scoutmasters, they will be tabulated- bythe Forest Service and reported tothe War Department.BOURBON MEN ATTEND RACINGCOMMISSION MEETING.Mr. Arthur B W v ni,n,r.. ,.. - "a, vuwuuau;; e acmS commission, and1U1 ' aaTl aioott, of the county,a member of the organization, at-,tended a meeting of the Commission !held in Louisville, at the Pendennis !Club, Friday night.Cirta rf tViz mi . . Iva vi mc niupL inijjui LO,IlL ineusures adopted at the meeting was thepassing of a resolution apportioningamong the Red Cross Chapters of theState the $300,000 guaranteed -to theRed Cross movement by the racingmen and owners of thoroughbreds inLiie state, ine resolution, wnien wasintroduced by Judsre Allie Younsr.provides that .the secretary of theCommittee shall communicate withthe various Red Cross Chapters andpro rate the $300,000 among themin accordance with their quota. Theaddition of this sum will give theState a much higher standing in theRed Cross campaign.The Commission also adopted resolutions of respect to the memory ofthe late John B. Castleman, of Louisville, who was always o-ne of themost devoted adherants of the turf,and a great admirer of the racinggame.NOW DRILLING EIGHT WELLS.The Columbia Oil & Gas Companyis again fortunate. Through theirmanager, Mr. McClurkin, they wereable to secure a driller in Winchester a few days ago, with his rig allready to move on the train to Torrent, and thence to their property inLee county. Mr. McClurkin immediately closed a contract with him forfive wells, and work is to be rushedas rapidly as possible. This will makeeight wells which this progressive little Company are now drilling.(28-2t)ATTENTION, ODD FELLOWS!Let's all join in and make Saturday, June 1, a gala day for Odd Fellowship in Bourbon county. Letevery brother who desires to contribute strawberries, cakes, ice cream, ormoney, make the fact known now tothe committee. Do not wait to beasked, but call up Mayor E. B. January and tell him about it.Let us show the people of Bourbon county what the Od Fellows ofKentucky are doing by having ourwards give them a free open air con-cert on the court house steps on Saturday afternoon, June 1. Then giveth children a reception at the lodgeroom from 4:00 to 5:30 o'clock.Everyone will be invited to attendthe reception, it matters not w-hetheryou are an Odd Fellow or not. Youare cordially invited to come to thelodge room and meet the children,who will be glad to see you.i ia- tltiKeep Cool These HotWith Comfortable, Light Weight ClothesPalm Beach Coat and Trousers cfashsigandMohair Clothsclothes that are tailored and made withoutlining, i:hat lit and hold' their' shape regardless of ihe lightweight fabrics from whichfancy, greens, tans and blues.,. $12.50 to $25.00Light Summer Underwear j JSwhite nainsook, light weight lisle and linen union suitsfrom '. $ 1 .SO to $5.00Straw Hits, Panamas and Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shots. Everything you need In SummerClothes you will find at our store. 0MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREIIITEEN BOURBON DRAFTEES !XEAVE T0-M0RR0W.Fifteen patriotic Bourb&n.wu ." iu uuiuu- Ju5men, members of the Draft, willleave Paris to-morrow morning, foritamp Zachary Taylor, where theygo to report for service in the armym response to the call from theircoltry- , .. These young Bourbon patriots,Jlft-C Llie SCOrGS Uiak UcLVU piCUBUBUthem to the front from BourbonCounty during the past few months,are all loyal, red-blooded Americans.They are eager to get into the thickof the fray that they may assist theirfellow soldiers in putting an end tothe horrible atrocities being dailycommitted by the Germans.The fifteen selects wjll report tothe local Draft Board at the CourtHouse this (Tuesday) afternoon, May28, where they will be instructedand placed in -charge of a captain,selected from one of their number.Following their release from theDraft Board, the fifteen young menwill be the guests of local businessmen, who have prepared to give thema banquet at- Crosdale's Cafe, thisafternoon at five o'clock.To-morrow morning the fifteenyoung selects will report at the CourtHouse, where they will be plentifullysupplied with cigarettes, tobaccos,toilet necessities, etc., by the Committee in charge of the Soldiers' Tobacco Fund. From the Court Housethe selects, accompanied by the Liberty Drum Corps, of Paris, which hasrecently been organized by Mr. Rudolph Davis, will march to the L. &N. Passenger Station, where theywill board a special car for CampZachary Taylor.FOR CAMPZACHARY TAYLOR,MAY 29.474 (1489) Harry Leeds.611 (1283) Thos. McVay.655 (1487) Cleve Lewis.662 (1505) Mike Shannon.708 827) Leland Hudson Barnes,(Mt. Sterling.)857 (988) J. Scott Woodford,781 (1404) Floyd Lanter.94 (283) Lee Grimes. ,.914 (6677 JaVLot Banta.916 (463) Richard English.917 (1515) Andrew J. Turney.919 (531) Alva M. Barnett.926 (351) Walter Hobert Case.930 (1297) Harold Urmsto-nShropshire.938 (782) Martin Stephen Glenn.MONEY TO LOAN.The advantages of borrowing fromthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association are many, which we can proveto. you if you will call at our office.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association is not soliciting businesswith a view to the private gain ofany individual. It belongs to the peo-pie. It is purely a co-cperative indilution.Our new series opens June 1.H. A. POWER, President,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t)Daysthey are made. Solidgreyc .vM Wi ''IIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Messages have been received hereby relatives of the safe arrival inFrance of Lieut. Clay Ward, son ofMr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, of nearParis. Lieut. Ward sailed with hiscompany about three weeks ago. Hewas stationed at Ft. Oglethorpe, Ga.,during the winter.Russell T. Stephens, of nearHutchison, has returned from CampZachary Taylor, where he went recently with a detachment of Bourboncounty draftees. Stephens wasgranted an honorable discharge fromthe service on account of physicaldefects which would preclude histaking active service..Recruiting Officer Sharp, who hashis headquarters at the WindsorHotel, in this city, secured anotherrecruit for the army service Friday,when Eden Norman, of Sadieville,Scott county, came to Paris, and volunteered in the service of UncleSam. Norman reported at Ft.Thomas, Saturday, and was assignedto the infantry branch of the service.Vance Huffman, formerly of Paris,who was dangerously injured by akicking mule at Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., some time ago, andwhose life hung in the balance for atime, is recovering rapidly at theBase Hospital, at Camp Sheridan,near Montgomery, Alabama, and willbe able to come home soon to recuperate. Mr. Alvin Thompson, who is amember of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, at Camp ZacharyTaylor, spent Sunday and Monday inParis as a guest of relatives. TheUnit has received orders to move andwill leave soon for some Atlanticport, preparatory to embarkation, forFrance. Several Bourbon countyboys are in the Unit,-ev-.' rffSL"Mr. Andrew J&ekson Turney, ofParis, left Monday for Louisville?where he went as vanguard for theBourbon county draftees, who willleave for Camp Zachary Taylor,Wednesday morning. Mr. Turneywill visit relatives in Louisville andjoin the Bourbon county men attheir place of detrainment near Louisville, and proceed to Camp Taylorwith them.Troop trains have been passingthrough Paris recently in sections.On Saturday night four trains passedthrough, loaded to the guards withtroops. On Sunday night three trainspassed through, all destined forSouthern contonments. The troopswere for the most part new recruits,being transferred from the recruitingstations in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky to the Southern camps.Sergt. Allen Huddleston and Corp.Walter McPhearson, Bourbon countyboys from Camp Zachary Taylor,spent Sunday and Monday in thisthis city with relatives. They aregreatly pleased with conditions in thecamp, and say Uncle Sam is the bestprovider in the world. Both men arein perfect health and fit and ready toshow their ability as first-class fighting men.Bourbon county boys who .go tothe armjr camps now do not seem tohave mGh time to linger. Of thenumber who went from here a fewdays ago several have already beentransferred to other points. Relatives in this city have received information from Frank Roche, who leftwith the Lexington delegation, thathe had been transferred to an armypost in Texas. Private Lapsley Haskins, who went from Paris with thelast delegation from the county,writes that he has been transferredto Chester, Pa., on duty.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Mitchell havereceived a letter from their son,Corp. Jos. G. Mitchell, "somewherein France." Corp. Mitchell statedthat he had been riding for three ore(j annex for the reception of padays on a train, after leaving the tients May 30.transport, which brought him andthe other Kentucky boys over. Hesaid the road was double-tracked,and the roadbed as good as any inKentucky. He spent one Sunday ina beautiful city in France and had asgood food as heart could desire.James Ellis, the Mastin, and Johnson boys from Bourbon cqunty, werestill with him. He had not been-sicka day since he left, and was feelingfine.,Lucin Arnsparger, of Paris, whohas been with an ambulance corps atCamp Sherman, near Columbus, O.,and who accompanied another division of the service to Camp Sheridan,bear. Montgomery, . Ala., severalmonths ago, is now on 'his, way overseas. He sent a long distance telephone message of parting to hismother, Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, inthis city, a few days ago, statingthat -he was on his way to an armycamp in Virginia, from where they.would" be sent overseas. Mr. RevellWhitridge, son of Mrs. same wnsonWhitridge, formerly of Paris, is inthe same 'division with Mr. Arnspar-ger, and accompanied him an thetrip. They have have-been at Campheridan since September, 1917.,Mr Dennis Snapp, of the . Ken-tuSSSSiTi li receipt of thefollowing: telegram from his br.other,REGISTRATION, OF PEMALE AIIEH ENEMIES TO BE HELD.Chief of Police Fred Link has received instructions from the office ofthe United States Marshal for thisdistrict, directing him to give publicity to the registration of femalealien enemies, which will be held inthis city from June 17 to 26, inclusive. The registration will be conducted,by Chief Link in his office at policeheadquarters in the City Hall. Thehours will be from 6:00 a. m. to 8:00p. m beginning on Monday, June17 and will continue each day thereafter, with the exception of Sunday,June 23, between the hours notedabove, up to and including Wednesday, June 26. Each female alienenemy of the United States in thisvicinity will be required to undergo aregistration exactly like that conducted some time ago for male alienenemies, and will also be required tofurnish finger print identification,just as in the cjtse of the men.In nonurban areas the registrationwill take' place in the postoffice. Innonurban areas immediately contiguous to a city receiving mail on rural free-delivery routes emanatingfrom the postoffice in such city orserved with mail by the postoffice insuch city, the registrant will be required to register in the postoffice inthat city, but she will be deemed a,registrant of the nonurban area inwhich she resides.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Through the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, of this city, Saturday, Mrs. J. H. Campbell sold to Mrs.Will Case, of near Hutchison, herfarm on the Bethlehem pike, near,Paris, containing three and onehalf acres, for $5,000. The place iswell improved, contains a nice sevenroom cottage, and all necessary outbuildings. One and one-half acresare being cultivated in a war garden,and with fruit trees. Mrs. Campbell's son., Mr. Hugh Campbell, formerly of Paris, Is in the army aer-rvice, being connected with the Quartermaster's Department at the Jeffer-"sonville, Indiana, Government Commissary Depot?"J to m -, iftr-z-COMMENCEMUM EXRtflSS 6FLITTLE ROCK GRADED SCEfodLThe commencement exercises ofthe Little Rock Graded School, atLittle Rock, this county, were heldin the Little Rock Christian church,on Monday evening, in the presenceof a large audience. The baccalaureate sermon was delivered to thegraduating class on Sunday morningat eleven o'clock, by the pastor of thechurch, Rev. Ward Russell. Theclass of '18 is composed of the following: Sallie Mae Banta, SueBoardman, Louvenia Thomason, JohnBivins and Howard Crump.On Sunday afternoon, the annualexhibition of the Domestic Scienceand Art, Manual Training and Agriculture departments of the LittleRock Training School, (colored),was held from two to four o'clock.An interesting address was deliveredby Prof. W. L. Shobe, of Frankfort.Prof. C. T. Cook is principal of theLittle Rock School, which is beginning to acquire fame as one of thebest in the State of its character.Ea jes laOPENING- OF ANNEX TO MASSTEMEMORIAL HOSPITAL.The annex to the W. W. Massie. Memorial Hospital is completed. Thisannex was made possible by the generous contribution of Miss IsabellaHorton, also by funds collected bythe Paris Commercial Club.For the benefit of the colored people of Paris and Bourbon county, whoso generously contributed to the furnishing and equipment of the coloredannex, it has been decided to setapart Wednesday, May 29th, as a dayto open the building for their inspection, between the hours of ninea. m. and five p. m. It is to be hopedthat many colored people will takeadvantage of this oportunity to seethe work that has been accomplishedfor their benefit.BOARD OF CONTROL. OF THE W.W. MASSIEpital.MEMORIAL HOS-INAUGURATES MOVEMENT TOTT-P.T.P CRIPPLES IN WAR.An organization styled "The TwoSticks Society," having for- its primeobject aid for cripples who desire tohelp in winning the great world-warfor America and her allies, has, been,perfected by a former Paris woman,with every indication of its becominga success.Mr. Sherman Snapp, who is now inUncle Sam's service:"Camp Lewis, "Wash., May 24."Dennis V. Snapp, Paris, Ky,"Arrived at camp this Priday evening: Stopped in San Francisco,Calif., and Portland, Oregon. ;Myaddress will 4e: Ninth Company.Third Battalion, One Hundred andcivv-swtb T)mnt "Brieadeicampi x,eWiSr Wash. Will be assigned- topermanent company after twenty-oae. aysJ "SHEltMAN SNAPP."j Mr snapp since leaving Paris hasbeen in the Vtfest, as manager ! la"crew" of solicitors and field iJJ;Users, for the Royal Baking FowrCompany. s -. . iT 1-f-ftTHE BOUSBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1918.GE TWONIM MJRBON NEWSlied 188136 Years of Con-tinuous PublicationiJFaMished Every Tuesday and FridayIBac Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.-OWtCT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theracter, standing or reputation oi-9mj person, firm or corporation whichaMy appear in the columns of. THE-OURBON NEWS will be gladly coricted 'i brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESfXfisiy Advertisements, $1.00 perC3ck Cor first time; 50 cents per inch-n':Ti. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line9Adi issue; reading notices in black-vpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Jrds of thanks, calls on candlfates, obituaries and resolutions, and-tadlar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise--3mssnkaand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved-cS decline any advertisement or otherc:K.t&r for publication.Aautmmcements for political offices-'ogwot invariably be accompanied bycash.- This oaoer has enlistedith fine government in thecavse of America for thevjeriod of the warEDITORIAL JtUSINGS..On Memorial Day."More than half a century ago wasJought the war between the blue and-&be gray, which welded the StatesrsKto one mighty, inseperable Union.2-day from the Atlantic to the Paojafic and from the Northern bounfjferies to the waters of the Gulf ofUtexico on the South, we know butsm& country and one flag, the UnitedSSXates of America and the Stars and2Sripes.While we prepare to pay our tribzafe to the few remaining old andafecMe veterans who bore arms on"Jboth sides in that memorable strug3fe, those who died on the field ofSzaaaor, or have since passed to theirxest, their sons and their grandsonsxre marching shoulder to shoulder,-anil taking part in an infinitelygreater struggle a struggle not for- "Sac preservation of a nation, but for20ie preservation of a world democ.racy, humanity and freedom for all5ime to come.The annual observance of MemoriallEay this year will have a deeper sigTiificance to every loyal Americanhan ever before, and there is greaterJ2ieed for honoring the heroes of theC5vil War than ever in the past. ATaxation-wide tribute will prove toxCfeose'who have left home, family,3an5red and friends, who have sacri-- -cefi"all to serve their country atT -fecme or abroad that they will not. soKjabe forgotten.JCfemorial Day takes on a new sig-- anScance for us all in this year ofSiauce; "1918. In past years we havejBafl wir flowers on the graves of the2eaa in loving and patriotic appre-.- -nation of the fact that they sawt SusiE-auty and did it. Thursday thelowers will be laid as usual, but they- twIH ie but the withered blossoms of'Gse'soul unless we lay them with thedetermination to do our duty in thevsrisis that confronts our country,"2ren as they did theirs. It will be aaay for the searching of souls; for aSparging of all sloth and unwilling-- :ness to do our part; of noble shameat our failure heretofore to live up!to the greatness of the opportunitys-liich exists for every real American.Jt "will "be a day for manhood anddior memories.In sast years Memorial Day inParis has been indifferently observ-.ed. It should be different now. ItWill be different this time next year,-. after the Huns have been exterminated, and the dead bodies of some of"Bourbon county's boys have beenVfrrought home. Then we will seeMemorial Day in a different light. It-will be -brought home to us the real-meaning of the day.Men of Porty."Wliat healthy man, prior to therwar, said to himself at the age ofHorty: Uam a man of declining physical powers, of lessened strength and-ndurancei 'And it was -not the men of forty,Tbut "the army, experts, who said atie beginning of fhe war that boys-xther than men of the late thirtiesor men of 'the - early forties wereneeded as soldiers.If It 3s necessary to raise the draft" TBmit to 40 and there is advocacyof it the raising of the age will"rimg Into the army large numberaatt men who are on the sunny sideof -middle age and who are as fit asv"Jaaie -strings.It should be borne in mind thatthere has been ;no sort of'indicationthat men of forty or above that agebelieve that the draft age should besuch that they could not be includedin the draft.It is, of course, true that men offorty are more likely to be so situated that their leaving Americawould be at a considerable financialloss, and a majority of them possibly have heavy domestic obligations, but if any army of 5,000,000is needed and if men of forty areneeded the men of that age will befound to be first rate material.The Great Duty.As we go about our daily tasks inpeace and safety men are dying everyminute on the battle field of Europeto save civilization. Our own gallantsoldiers are shedding their blood inFrance and our allies engulfed in thewaters of the Atlantic as they go indefense of America's rights andhonor.Upon our performance of the workcommitted to us depend the lives ofthousands of men and women, thefate of many nations, the preservation of civilization and humanity itself; and the more efficient andprompt we people of America are indoing our part, the more quickly willthis war come to an end and thegreater the number of our soldiersand sailors who will be saved fromdeath and suffering and the greaternumber of the people of other nations released from bondage andsaved from death.To work, to save, to economize, togive financial support to the Government is a duty of the Nation and tothe world and it is especially a dutyto our fighting men who on land andsea are offering their lives for theircountry and their countrymen.Torpedo Your Grouch!" Look on the b'right side. It is theright side. The hour may be cheerless and somber with clouds, but itwill be no better to wear a gloomyand sad countenance. It is the sunshine and not the clouds that makesthe flowers. The sky is blue twicewhere it is black once. You havetroubles so have others. None arefree from them. That would be adull sea and the sailors would neverget skill were there nothing to disturb its surface. There is more virtue in a sunbeam than in a wholehemisphere of cloud and gloom.Be Careful!It is always best to wait for theevidence before passing judgment.When you hear reports detrimentalto young ladies or gentlemen, don'tbe hasty in forming conclusions. Itis better to be charitable when anyone is in trouble. To-day it is someone else's boy or girl; to-morrow itmay be yours.How To Be Happy, ThoughWomen should grow more devotedand men fonder after marriage ifthey have the slightest idea of beinghappy as wives and husbands. It islosing sight of this fundamentaltruth which leads to hundreds ofdivorces. Yet many a man will scoldhis wife who would never think ofbreathing a harsh word to his sweetheart, and many a wife will lookglum and morose on her husband'sreturn who had only smiles andwords of cheer for him when he washer suitor.The Battle Cry.Strike at the root of the evil. Thehouse fly in horse manure, kitchenoffal and the like. Dispose of thesematerials in such a way that thehouse fly cannot propagate. Screenall the doors and windows and insist that your grocer, butcher, baker, and everyone from whom you buyfood stuffs do the same.a m m .INSPECTORS TO ERADICATE HOGCHOLERA IN STATE.Six bureau inspectors appointed bythe Federal government to assist inthe eradication of hog cholera inKentucky have been secured throughthe energy of Mat Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture. He has secured the consent of the State Live StockSanitary Board to furnish one veterinary for each one furnished by theFederal government.The Federal Government will sendto Kentucky an inspector for the control and eradication of tuberculosis indairy and beef cattle. Ten Federaland State veterinarians are alreadyin the field engaged in the control ofanimal diseases. Commissioner Cohenaims to put Kentucky in the "accredited States list and save the farmers $1,000,000 annually which theylose by disease among live stock."jEi 1!3 T21THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTThe Food Administration prosecutes its patriotic war work at a fewpoints in Kentucky where some Prohibitionist does not bob up and demand to be informed why the Government does not forbid the cutivation of tobacco. These gentry willprobably go into spontaneous combustion when they read the news thatthe Government, instead of doingthis, has decided, on the recommendation of Gen. Pershing, to issue tobacco to our soldiers as a part oftheir regular rations.Our observation has been that thebest war experts are those who arenot writing anything now.And after she marries him, sometimes her ideal doesn't give- her ajsquare deal.ITRST LETTER TO LOUISVILLEBY AIRPLANE MAIL.The Louisville Post publishes afac simile engraving of the envelopein .which air. and Mrs. Percy C.Henry, formerly of Paris, received aletter in Louisville, delivered byairplane mail service. The Post publishes the following interesting account, which will 'interest the Parisfriends and- relatives of Mr. and Mrs.Henry:"The envelope to carry the first andup to this time the only letter received in Louisville by way of theairplane mail service, inauguratedon May 15, is reproduced in theabove engraving. The production iscomplete with the exception of thestamp, which can not be engravedunder the laws of the United States.A letter sent by airplane costs 24cents and a special stamp is providedfor it. The stamp is oblong, smallerthan a special delivery stamp andbears the picure of a combat plane."Percy C. Henry, Jr., to whom theletter' was sent, isn't in Louisville,but his father, Percy Henry, Sr.,president of the Louisville Meat Market, is preserving the letter carefully,as it marks an epoch in Americantransportation the first airplanemail delivery. The letter was mailedin New York and went from thereto Washington by way of Philadelphia in the airplane. At Washington the flier ended his trip and themail was transferred to rail, completing its journey to Louisville. Thecircular postmark shows that this isa 'first-trip' letter."Percy Henry, Jr., is one of themembers of the Aerial League andhas just succeeded in winning hiscommission as first lieutenant in theAmerican Flying Corps, although heis only twenty years old. He enlisted in the aviation section last falland after spending a short time inpreliminary tests at Berkeley, Cal.,was sent to San Diego, Cal., fortraining. He showed a natural talent for the flying game and althoughhe has been too modest to write homehis achievements, letters from hisfriends in camp there to their families ,in Louisville have disclosed thatyoung Henry is a wonder at stuntflying and has broken the crosscountry record for the San Diegocamp, flying 300 miles in one flight.He is an expert at the nose dives,tail spins and other antics of the air.Two weeks ago Henry was awardedhis commission and has been transferred to Dallas for advanced training. "To celebrate the inauguration ofthe aerial mail service, the AerialLeague sent letters to all of its members via the aeroplane mail, and itsletter to Henry is the first to reachLouisville. It has been in Mr. Henry's possession for several days, andhe says that it will remain there formany years."Ta Pa lEaRELATIVE TO POUR-MINUTEMEN.J. E. Kavanaugh, assistant to National Chairman Vanderlip, writesState Headquarters:"There seems to be a good deal ofmisunderstanding on the part of someof the State Directors and their workers in connection with the plan of operation of the Four-Minute- Men."There are about seventeen thousand men in the organization, controlled from Washington. A bulletinis issued every two weeks supplyingthese Four-Minute Men, throughtheir State Directors, with material,suggested speeches, etc., on the particular topic that is to be presentednationally during the two weeks following. "These programs, you will see,have to be planned months in advance. It is, therefore, impossiblefor local Four-Minute Men to complywith requests coming from our StateDirectors for assistance in the WarSavings campaign."We were given their assistance fortwo weeks in January and we are assured that we can have them for acouple of weeks later on in the year,but it will have to be some time afterthe first of July, because every oneup to that date is provided for."3 3 "S 'EVERY CITIZEN MAY HELP TOCATCH DISLOYALISTS.Every citizen may act as a volunteer detective to assist governmentofficers in ferreting out persons suspected of disloyal actions or utterances, says a statement issued by, Attorney General Gregory, at Washington. United States attorneys have beentold to co-operate with newspapers intheir districts so that public noticecan be given to the nearest offices ofattorneys of the bureau of investigation to which citizens may refer inrformation that they think will bevaluable in running down seditiouspersons."The district attorneys are instructed to make clear," says theAttorney General's statement, "thatcomplaints of even the most informalor confidential nature are alwayswelcome and that citizens should feelfree to bring their information or suspicions to the attention of the nearest representative of the Departmentof Justice, or if that is not convenient, communicate with the Department at Washington."IS E3 tSUnnecessary Nolsts Barred.The man with the new set of storefangs was alternately eating fresh celery and dry toast. Finally a walteistepped up and tapped him on theshoulder, saying: "Pardon, sir, but 1must call your attention to the fadthru this hotel Is located In the hospitalsone." Farm Life.As a general thing, to speak of awoman as a saint isn't the same ascalling her an angel.fSjg BBBHSBHS5fc-smBSsBsBM5B"fesi KCbOLiMOILTRADEMARK WINDSAFEv "SELF-HANGINGTRADC MARK v(PORCH SHADES1MADE UNDERThe New IcebergRefrigeratorSAVES ICE!THE WAITEGrass RugsFor any room in the home.The styles and colorsGreenTanBrownand BlueAny size you want Letus show you.They're Low PricedA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts.K. OF P. DISTRICT CONVENTIONAT LEXINGTON.The Knights of Pythias will entertain the eighteenth District Conven-tion in Lexington on the evening of jJune 6 with a great public meetingat Woodland Parle auditorium-.Grand Chancellor Aubrey Barber,of Newport, will preside, while JudgeCharles A Harding and Rev. H. C.Runyan, of Latonia, will be the principal speakers.This meeting will be of a patrioicnature and the public is invited. Thegirls' chorus from the Pythian Homewill take part. The closing featurewill be a tableaux dedicating thehonor roll of the members from thethree lodges who have gone to the ;front. JThe District Deputy for the Eighteenth District is Elmer Brewsaugh,of Cynthiana, Ky., the following comprise the lodges of the district: Rathbone No. 12, Paris, Phantom No. 15,Lexington; Phoenix No. 2?, Lexington; Gray No. 27, Versailles; Ivanhoe No. 48, Winchester; Dexter No.54, Frankfort; Quinby No. 58, Cynthiana; Nicholas No. 76, Moorefield;Berry No. 108, Berry; Lily No. 167,.Carlisle; Blue Grass No. 134, Georgetown; Andy No. 169, Sfcrout; EastUnion; Pythian Home No. 217, Lexington; Blue Lick Springs No. 233,Blue Lick Springs.The "Get-Together" c-f membersof the order in their districts; tomingle in fellowship; to discuss plansfor the betterment and advancementof the Knights of Pythias, and to advise ways and means for the perpetuity of the Pythian Home, is the object and. purpose of the convention.Ta is 15iTO BID ON WOOL PEOM WHITE0 HOUSE SHEEP.President Wilson has' presentedto the American Red Cross thefleece from the White House sheep.Each governor has been requested toauction two pounds of it.Governor Stanley iias accepted theDISSOLUTION SALE!We will sell for Prichard & Ball, Court DayMONDAY, JUNE 3, 1918at 2 p. m., their two frame cottages on East side of Fourth street, nearPower Crocery Co. They each contain four rooms, pantry, front and backorch, electric lights, gas and water in kitchen.Garden, concrete walks and shade trees. Both lots 40x100 feet moreor less.At the same time and place we will sell several second-hand automobiles and one automobile truck In first-class condition.TERMS Made known on day of sale.((td)PATENT LICENSEThe New ProcessGas StoveSAVES GAS!CHAS. GREEN, Manageroffer for Kentucky in the followingtelegram: "Will be more thanpleased to receive bids as per yoursuggestion for White House wool. Iassure you it affords me genuinepleasure to co-operate most heartilyin this matter."Our position smply is that everymustache should be large enough tolook like it wasn't left there by mistake. For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home P&one 102. (26-tf)LOSTSquare gold watch: charm, withdiamond in center and. initials "C. C."on back. Finder return to undersigned and receive liberal reward.CARL CRAWFORD.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)Farms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. (14-6t)HARRIS & SPEAKESC00LM0RSHADESFor the Porchwill add much to your comfort and to the appearanceof your home. Many sizesto pick from.Let Us Put Them UpFor the Warm Days!Porch Chairsand Hammocksfor your porch. Specialprices.Oppos&e Court HouseJJYou Can PinYour FaithOn our Optical work. Go into theeyeglass question carefully before youbuy Glasses. It is is as dangerous towear glasses furnished by anyone buta graduate Optometrist as it is towear glasses fitted to someone else'seyes. You incur no obligation by requesting our advice about your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETPJST."Both Phcnes. 520 Mala St?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsi Fresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 37GOneDropurtonPsuHryRtitiMiyjwntm'r CURESA. few drops lu the 5f VfizSurauunc water cures Mi A HI- Nk and orevents white MJ1 M-AJdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At dracgists or by mall postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on requestHHMI KKIT W IN. 1hiBT oply fVTHE BOURBON NEWS, FARM, RTuesday, may 28, 1918.?1GIug-'IK: mek :: m: :I SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.aXjieiPendietonShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSSTATE FEDERATION CLUBS PLANPOE WAR WORK.The State Federation of Women'sClubs of Kentucky will meet in Lexington, June 10, 11 and 12. Mrs.Lafon Hiker, of Harrodsburg, StateChairman, will be in charge of thearrangements.The meeting is to be purely abusiness convention and is for thepurpose of bringing the various clubsthroughout the State into closer relationship in order that more intensive war work may be accomplished.An active part has been taken by theclubs in the Liberty loans, the RedCross, the War Savings Stamps, FoodConservation, Child Welfare and themany other government movements,but that the work may be more complete, more definite and have morefar-reaching consequences, this convention of the federation has beencalled to make definite plans for thegreater war work of the Women'sFederation of Clubs of Kentucky.Definite arrangements have not yet. been made for the e-ntertainment ofthe quests, but the business sessions! of the club will be held in the Phoenix hotel ballroom.m ) mNOT A CHILD'S MOVEMENT.The War Savings movement is nota child's movement. It would be acapitalist movement if Uncle Sam hadnot put the limit at ?1,000. If 'youdo not buy your quota of War Savings Stamps you really have no rightto complain if men with largeamounts of money are given the preference in absorbing issues of Govenrment securities in the future.: :IIIIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction "guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYMrs. Theodore Butler and children are visiting relatives in Cincinnati. Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay havereturned from a winter's stay in Eustis, Fla.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb hasreturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Louisville.Mrs. Edward Sanford has returned to her home in Louisville after avisit to her mother, Mrs. Ben Holt,on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Clarkeleft Saturday for an extended visitin Hot Springs, Ark., for the benefitof Mr. Clarke's health.Mrs. Peter Owens and little sonhave returned to their home in Middlesboro, after a visit to relativesand friends in this city.Dr. A. C. Cook, of North Middletown, is attending the annual clinicheld by the alumni of the LouisvilleCity Hospital this week.Mr. and Mrs. G-. W. Leslie andlittle daughter, Elizabeth, guests ofMr. and Mrs. Edward Faulkner, havereturned to their home in CannelCity, Ky.Mrs. Harry Kendall and childrenhave returned to their home inFrankfort after a visit to the former'smother, Mrs. Emma Browning, onHigh street.Mrs. Octavia Linville and son,and Mr. and Mrs. E. Linville havereturned to their home in Mt. Olivet, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.James Stivers.Mr. and Mrs. Clark Barnett, ofTaylorsville, are guests of relativesin this city. Mr. Barnett is nowtraveling representative for the Oliver Chilled Plow Co.Mr. J. W. Campbell, who hasbeen ill for some time at his homein Cincinnati, has come to Paris torecuperate at the home of his brother,Dr. F. P. Campbell, on High street.Mrs. James Hefley and childrenhave arrived safely at Lee's Summitt,Mo., where Mr. Hefley has been engaged in business since movingfrom his old home in North Middletown. Mr. Samuel Ewalt, who is nowin his eighty-second year, fell over a,box recently near his home on Pleasant street, and sustained two fractured ribs. Mr. Ewalt is able to beup and around his home.Mrs. George Dorsey, of Hutchison, was brought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, Friday, where sheunderwent a surgical operation. Mrs.Dorsie rallied nicely from the shock,and is getting along very well.Mrs. Mary Dennis and Mrs. C.M. Jones, of near Paris, are visitingrelatives in Cincinnati and Hamilton,Ohio. They were accompanied thereby Mr. W. H. Parrish, who has beenvisiting friends and relatives inNorth Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Q. Thomsonarrived Friday from Hot Springs,Ark., 'for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John T. Hinton, on High street.Mrs. Thomson is greatly improved after a three-weeks' stay at HotSprings.Mrs. W. K. Griffin and littledaughter, Miss Blanche Griffin, havereturned from Earlington, wherethey were called recently by thedeath of Mrs. Griffin's father, Mr. A.H. Morehead. Mrs. Morehead returned to Paris with them, and willmake her -home here in the future.Mrs. Clay Gaitskill and Mrs. WillStuart, of near North Middletown,who are patients at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, wherethey recently underwent surgical operations, are reported as getting alongvery nicely. They will both be ableto return to their homes this weeksome time.(Other Personals on Page 5.)IK!GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PKONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For thev Want of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging., t4- 'C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsWORK OR HGHT REGULAONMOST DRASTIC OF WAR.WASHINGTON, May 27. Everyman of draft age must work or fight'"ier juiy 1, under a drastic amendment to the selective service regulations announced by Provost MarchalGeneral Crowder.Not only idlers, but all draft registrants engaged in what are held tobe non-useful occupations are to behaled before local boards and giventhe choice of a new job or the army.Gamblers, race track and bucketBhop attendants and fortune tellershead the list, but those who will bereached by the new regulation alsoinclude waiters and bartenders, theater ushers and attendants, passengerelevator operators and other attendants of clubs, hotels, stores, &c,domestics and clerks in stores.. Deferred classification granted onaccount of dependents will be disregarded entirely in applying the rule.Theatrical performers were excepted from the regulations at the direction of Secretary of War Baker,who is said to feel that the peoplecannot do without all amusements inwar time, and that other amusementscould be disposed with more readily.A man may be at the bottom ofClass 1 or even in Class 4, but if hefalls within the regulation and refuses to take useful employment, hewill be given a new number in Class1 that will send him into the militaryservice forthwith.Local boards are authorized to usediscretion only where they find thatenforced change of employmentwould result in disproportionatehardship on his dependents.It had been known for some timethat some form of "work or fight"plan had been submitted to PresidentWilson, but there has been no intimation that it was so far-reaching inscope. Both the military authoritiesand the Department of Labor officialsbelieve that it will go a long way toward solving the labor problem forfarmers, shipbuilders and munitionmakers, and will end for the present,at least, talk of conscription of labor.The announcement Thursday givesnotice significantly that the list ofnon-useful occupations will be extended from time to time as necessity requires.THE JUNE AMERICAN MAGAZINEThe June American Magazine isfilled with news and entertainmentof many descriptions. Arthur Brisbane, the famous newspaper editor,has written an article called "WhatInterest People." A fine picture ofMr. Brisbane is also printed. Lieut.Pat O'Brien, the daring Americanaviator who fell 8,000 feet from anaeroplane, was captured by the Germans, and then escaped by crawlingthrough Germany for seventy-twodeys, tells his story. There is alsoan article about John Browning, theinventor of the Browning gun, tellingmany new and interesting facts aboutthe man. Marcus Loew tells thestory of his life and how he builtmore than two hundred theatresthroughout the country. EmersonHough, the famous novelist, has written a fine article about deadlines atforty. There is also an article byBruce Barton about his home town.The fiction includes HolworthyHall's new serial, and stories by H.C. Witwer, Mary B. Mullett, WilliamDudley Pelley, and other wellknown writers. The Interesting People, Family Money, contests, resultsand the Sid Says, are all interestingas usual.ESi 1 ISA Real Argument.She Is a little five-year-old girl InEwlng street Of course she had violated a rule of the home and was aboutto be punished. "Now, papa, whatre you going to whip me for?" sheasked. "You see, I have already donewhat you told me not to do and I amsure I will never do It again, so Itton't do any good to whip me." Andnow papa is wondering wljat will 'become of the child if her philosophygrows with her years. IndianapolUNews.TO REDUCE COAL PRICES TOPUBLIC.The Hailroad Administration, Wednesday moposed to President Wilsonthat thj price of coal to the publicbe reduced 20 cents a ton. The reason adduced was that the railroads,which have been paying cost for thecoal, may be required to pay more,giving the mines a margin of profiton that business.ift iei m&The householder in Germany canonly one-third of the coal he wants.You can get all you need if you buynow.Twin Bros.Department StoreANNOUNCING ASpecialoaleOF THEFAMOUSDRESSE$8.75.and$14.75Our observation is that it is hardto make a silk shirt, look like it isn'toverstaying: its leave from the laun-We have a splendid assortment ofChildren'sSilk Drc$$e$Sizes from 8 years to 14years. Come in an4 seethem.Twin Bros.Department Store-. SJSrrSS -.Wolf, Wile & CompanyThis Week We Have InauguratedA MostSensational SaleofSilk DressesOne Hundred High Clas&Garmentsat$19.75Representing very considerable reductions . from?former selling prices. Dozens of pretty styles ina great variety of silk materials, including Crepede Chine, Georgette Crepe, Taffeta, Foulard anda few Wool Serges.We do not quote former or comparativeprices in our advertising But we will saythat this sale offers a wonderful opportunity to replenish your wardrobe for thecoming summer and vacation days. Anticipate your needs now; it will pay yougreatly.WOLF, WILE & CO.m igfe LEXINGTON, KY.mmWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isaLimited.C. S. BALL GARAGECor.; Fourth and Pleasant 8te.p-.IIjW rmm'-Tq j tnaTUESDAY, MAY 2S, ISIS;ZUU.IOIJITamraTHE BOURBQN, NJCWS, PARIS, KY.,?5 JEWS OF WOMEN'S WORK tINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Bed Cross Lawn Fete in Mr. Sweeney; Ray's Yard.&n. Wednesday evening the boysand girls of the Hill Top Higginsand" Walker avenues will servestrawberries, ice cream and cake.Pride of admission 15c. Proceeds fortheoRed" Cross. In their enthusiastic .patriotism these young folks putsonfe of us elders to shame. Let uslend, them all possible encouragement. They may be bearing the burdens of the war a few years hence.During April only seventy-one registered nurses, living in the Lake Division States, enrolled with the RedCross for nursing service abroad orat -the base hospitals in Americancantonments.This was eleven less than enrolledin the Lake; Division during March.To secure its quota of 500 nurses'enrollments during March, April andMay, the Lake Division Bureau ofNursing must secure 347 enrollmentsby June 1.Kentucky must keep abreast. Ourregistration is being -arranged for.Get ready..The Stimulation of Registration.A report from Pennsylvania indicates that registration is progressingwell in thatState. Just now thecensus is being used to secure womenfor land and army units.In addition, Michigan, Indiana,Illinois, South Carolina, Oregon, Arkansas and Alabama have reportedprogress in taking census of the woman power of their States. Michigansecured special training for co-eds atAnn Arbor so that they might act asregistrars in their home towns duringtfce spring vacation. Pennyslvanialias the credit of placing 1,237 volunteer and paid workers in Governmentservice whose names were token fromregistration cards. Illinois comes second, with 754, registered volunteersthat were placed at work. NewHampshire used their registrationcards in an attempt to enroll 10,000women to supplement men now em. ployed in factories.At the Red Cross Rooms."Saturday D. A. R.An unusual condition faces usonly one day taken. This is due tothe fact that the other days, formthe fifth week in the month, forwhich no calendar has been arranged.Women of the Georgia division arehelping to build ships by registeringworkers. The Georgia director of theUnited States Service Reserve testifiesthat in Fulton, Bibb, and FloydCounties the women have read theliterature sent to them; they havestudied the registration cards uponwhich the work of the United StatesService Reserves is clearly explained;they have offered their services tothe chairmen of the county councilsand have published the news in thepapers in their community. That isone way women can help and arehelping to build ships.Uncle Sam's Ten Commandments1. Thou shalt not evict, for nonpayment of rent, a soldier's dependents, under penalty of $10,000 fine.2. Thou shalt not cut off a soldier's life insurance because of delayed premiums.3. Thou shalt not foreclose a mortgage on a soldier's property.4. Thou shalt not take away a sbldier's home on which he has madepart payment.5. Thou shalt not sell a. soldier'sproperty because of his failure to paythe taxes, national, State or local.6. Thou shalt not settle a lawsuitagainst a soldier during his absence.7. If a soldier sue, the courts shallpostpone action until he can attendto it.8. If a soldier have a mine, or timber, or farm claim, assessments onwhich are overdue, it shall be heldfor him.9. Honor thy soldier and thy sailor, that they days may be long inthe land of Liberty.10. No man hath greater love thanhe that offereth his life for theworld's sake, and it is commandedthat neither lawyers, nor the loansharks, nor the gatherers of titlesshall fatten on him.The above is copied from a placardissued by the Summit Co. (O.) DraftBoard and the Akron Chapter HomeService Section.What Can I Do About It?"My baby is two years old exactly.He is just as tall as the Governmenttable says he ought to be 33inches. He doesn't weigh but 24pounds, though, and the table sayshe ought to be 3 pounds and 2ounces heavier. What can I do aboutit?"This is the sort of question whichmothers are asking of the busy women who are weighing and measuring the children as a part of thenation-wide test of the welfare ofAmerican children. The success ofthe test as an aid in saving the livesof 100,000 children under five during Children's Year will be determined by the way mothers respondto the challenge in this questionmy child is under weight; what canI do about it?If a young child's weight is asmuch as 2 pounds below the averagefor his height this should be a warning to his parents that the child'snutrition is not normal, according tothe Children's Bureau of the U. S.Department of Labor. If the weightfalls markedly below the average theChildren's Bureau suggests that thechild be examined by a physician tosee whether some fault in hygiene ordiet or some defect or sickness iscausing the malnutrition.PAGEANT OF PROGRESS REMARBLY WELL PRESENTED'The members of the EpworthLeague Chapter of the Methodistchurch gave a remarkably clever presentation of "The Pageant of Prepress" at the church Sunday night.The church was crowded with an appreciative audience, everyone of themthoroughly enjoying the presenta-tion. . , .The Pageant was presented mthree episodes, with no pauses between It was beautifully conceivedand brilliantly executed presentation, showing the progress made byit., -nrr-tv. T.pnsrue during its. twenty-eight years' existence. Fifty-the program of which is given below,:"THE PAGEANT OF PROGRESS.','EPISODE I.Youth's Appeal to the Church.EPISODE II.The Church's Answer to Youth. .EPISODE III.The Procession of the Years.The Church Mr. Dennis V. SnappSpirit of YouthMiss Dorothy TingleEpworth League-- -&"" vMiss Frances HancockFlower J Miss Lucile ChipleyColors: "Gold and White"----.Misses Lila May Lenox and Elizabeth WheelerBadge Mr. Howard Ro bertsMotto Mr. William MclntirePresident Mr. Raymond IngelsFirst Department Supt. --------Miss Mabel GallowaySecond "bept. Supt --Mrs. S. T. ChipleyThird Dept. Supt. .Mr. C. R. AlexanderFourthDept. Supt. -----Miss Virginia HancockSecretary Miss Vella MastinTreasurer Mr. Jas. Grinnell, Jr.Jr. Supt Mrs. Eddie CombsEra Agent Mrs. Janie CurrentMISSION FIELDS.Japan Miss Elizabeth SnappChina Miss Louise CombsKorea Miss Ina MattoxBrazil Miss Lena CooperCuba Miss Maymie RowlandAfrica .'Mr. Rankin MastinAmerica Miss Elizabeth LillestonChapters Mr. Robt. KirkpatrickMembers Mr. Cletis ChipleyEra Subscribers Mr. Leslie O'NealTWENTY-EIGHT YEARS 28 JUNIORS 1890-1918.Billy Longo, Dan Roberts, HelenBell, Christine Fronk, MarshiaRowland, Edith Lenox,Hazel Mastin, Edna Mae Doty, AlfredRoberts, Katie Sanders, HenrySandusky, Virginia Tingle, BruceGardner, Emogene Alexander,Harvey Hill, Louise Kirkpatrick;Ida Lee Wheeler, Eloise Alexander, Everett Galloway, LucileFrederick, Edgar Tingle, KenneyMastin, Hildreth Reece, NellTingle, Russell Lenox, Eula Turpin, Pit Sandusky and AliceFrances Burton. '1918 Mrs. Howard B. CarrYou Won't Have to Wait Forf ;,yYour Pass Booki ? VThe Depositor."Fine! This statement handedto me with my canceled checksonce a month tells just how myaccount stands. I say this is-real bank service. It has thepass book beat a mile."t ' lYou will no longer need to leave your pass book(your receipt for deposits) with us a day or more at thelast of every month in order to find out how your accountstands.With the Burroughs Bookkeeping Machine, whichwe are putting to work in our accounting department, wewill have every depositor's account posted up to date at alltimes.A neatly printed, machine-figured statement of yourchecks and deposits, and the balance of your account, willcome to you every month with your canceled checks.Your pass book will show only the amount deposited.And if you ever want a statement of your account in ahurry, we can give it to you with every check and depositlisted right up to date inside q five minutes.The Monthly Statement System is an improvemenin our service to you that we are sure will earn yourapproval. It is less burdensome, quicker, more accurate,and far more satisfactory to everybody concerned than theold method of calling in and balancing pass books.Your first machine printed statement will be readyJuly 1st. Tell us what you think of it.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.Paris, KentuckyRED CROSS PUBLICITY COMMIT- 4TEE THANKS PATRONS.Condensed StatementRESOURCESThe PresidentSending out deposit-statements instead of balancing pass books isone of the best moves this, bank,ever made. ' - ..-.- "Yes Sir!" ors' monthlyCash $ 46,743.06Due from Banks 189,504.71Real Estate 14,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 2,500.00Overdrafts 1,597.11Loans ad Bonds .... 1,013,071.91V-vt?''l267,41i:79LIABILITIESCapital Stock $SurplusUndivided Profits .....Due to BanksIndividual DepositsThe magnificent responses made tothe Red Cross appeal for Bourbon'squota of $20,000, which was nearlydoubled by patriotic contributors,was a source of gratification to members of the committees having theBig Drive in charge.Bourbon business men respondednobly to the appeal of the Red CrossPublicity Committee, in paying forthe liberal newspaper advertising appearing in the Paris papers duringthe drive. We desire to publiclythank the business men named below who paid for the newspaper advertising during the driverPosner Bros. (Dan Cohen's ShoeStore.)J. W. Davis & Co.Mitchell & Blakemore.J. T. Hinton Co.Farmers & Traders Bank.R. P. Walsh.Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company.A. F. Wheeler Co.-Power Grocery Co. ' -Shire & Fithian.W. A. Thomason.T. H. Clay, Jr.Price & Co.Ardery Drug Co.Varden & Son.C. B. Mitchell.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Daugherty Bros.C. S. Brent & Bro.C. S. Ball Garage.Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.Independent Tobacco WarehouseCompany.A. B. Hancock.James M. Caldwell.Mayor E. B. January.J. J. Veatch.John Arkle.John Merringer.John Christman.S. K. Nichols.Thos. Kiser.Geo. Doyle.PUBLICITY COMMITTEE,Red Cross Society,Bourbon County, Ky.ij j2j iWRIST WATCHES,Wrist Watches make"timely gifts" for thefair graduate. Wehave them, all stylesand prices,SHIRE & EITHIAN.(may24-3t)150,00000100,000001,569:15001,015,84-7.64FRANK & COTHE RELIABLE STORE-A , .- .P !THE WAR DEPARTMENT ISSUESWARNING TO YOUNG MEN.The War Department has issued awarning to all youths attaining theage of 21 on or before June 5, thatthey must present themselves for registration on that day. No excuseswill be tolerated, the departmentsaid, except when the person is actually in the military or naval service.GREATREDUCTIONSonSpring CoatsandSuits. ,(" --. . muf r-wnK.FRANK & CO.4The Styles of the Hour IntSummer Clothes!HIS WARM WEATHER makes a man feel like he wants lighter weightclothes, and right here is where you will find the best in town. You willfind many good spirited styles here for the men and young men. andthe quality is the best skilled workmen can make them.Palm Beaches, Dixie WeavesMohairs, Tropical Worstedsand SilksThese are the fabrics our summer clothes are made up in. Many new models are shown in the new shades of tans, greens, greys and browns. We have thebest values to be found anywhere, and we guarantee them to satisfy you.$S.50 to. $18.00TThe Season's Latest Stylesin Panamas, Split, Milan andSennet Straws and LeghornsWe show an abundance of these hats in Straight Brims, Alpine and Telescopeshapes. Buy early, so you can get the style you want. Good values.$1 .50 to $T.5R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky,AAxar-n-f V? 325 7?.lCir 9-.' i iitenTUESDAY, 1VIAY. 28, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, TOtBtfttR--,fOR THE BESTr NOTHING EtSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TOBACCO FERTILIZER.; Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more. CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(.mayT-St)IpAuTJEACH SUITS $13.50.The genuine and extra tailoring.J. W. DAVIS & CO.;.- m m--.V " NEW ATJTO OWNERS.-'The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportstrie sale of a six-passenger Oldsmobiletouring car to Reynolds Letton, ofnear Paris, and one to J. Barnes, ofParis. The cars will be deliveredthis week.id m mCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISES OFPARIS HIGH SCHOOL JUNE 6.Tie annual Commencement exercises of the Paris High School will beheld on Thursday evening, June 6,beginning at eight o'clock. Thegraduating class of 1918 is composedof the following seventeen youngpeople: rMisses Thelma Williams, MabelDuke Templin, Edna Dee Snapp, LenaL. Rose, Eleanor Clark Lytle, RuthMae Linville, Elizabeth VernitaBaldwin, Jennie May Link, EmmaLouise Burley, Mary Elizabeth Clark,Mabel Galloway, Fannie GenevaHeller, Messrs. Robert Edward Lavin,Charles A. Kenney, Chester Young,Joseph Fithian Rye, Lawrence A.Soper.1 1GRADUATION GIFTSPor boys and girls.See our assortmentof suitable goods before buying.SHIRE & FITHIAN.(may24-3t)2 pa TaTHE WEATHERFarmers and others interested inthe growing and marketing of cropsof various kinds are greatly tickledwith the kind of weather we are having just now, being just what hasbeen needed to bring out the cropsthat have. been in the growinging stage for so long.For several days the past weekthe mercury ranged well up in thetube, at times going close to thecrae hundred mark. Frequent rainshave also helped the crop-makers,and all seems well as far as it hasgone with the gardeners and agriculturists. Tobacco men have beentaking advantage of the good season" and have been putting out theirplants.SAVINGS ACCOUNT.Why not start a savings account inthe Bourbon Building & Loan Association? We began business June1, 1907, and have always paid morethan six per cent, dividends.Join our new series, which opensJune 1. ., s.H A. POWER, President,WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Secty.(24-2t)A GIFT WORTH WHILEIf you have a boy or girl, asweetheart or friend who willgraduate this year, give him orhtr a gift worth while something that will be kept andcherished. We have lots ofthose kind of gifts.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND THE ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, May 28 WilliamFox's picturaization of the world-famousfairy story, "Jack and TheBeanstalk," refreshing alike to oldand young; Pearl White and AntonioMoreno in ninth episode of "TheHouse of Hate." $To-morrow, Wednesday, May 29.Wallace Reid, a Paris favorite, in"Rimrock Jones;" also a Luke Comedy a,nd Pathe News Feature No. 36.Thursday, May 30 (Memorial Day)Mae Marsh, in "The Beloved Traitor " one of the screen's greatest successes, the story of a good girl whowhipped a vampire; Mutt and Jeff. oAv ThA FisheTless Cartoon,and Pathe News Feature No. 37.. "pa Ps TaPANAMAS OF EVERY STYLEA popular light-weight hat for ser-viC&-?5t0?1j;W.DAVIi&CO.EORMERPARIS GIRL TO EDIT MT.STIRLING PAPER.Miss Nell Whaley, of Paris whohas bee a member of the faculty ofTransylvania University, at Lexington, has accepted the position as as... jix r !! Aft Sterling Ga-sisiani euitui ut ."- --Attorney Oscar T. Hinton has returned from A business trip to-KansasCity, Mo, . , iMiss Caroline Roseberry and Mr.Ben Buckner, of near Paris, were recent guests of friends in Frankfort.Misses Ruth and Naomi Hanaker have returned to their home inGeorgetown, after a visit to friendsin this city.Mrs. Anna Napier Walker andMr. Will Napier, have returned froma visit to friends and relatives inCrab Orchard.Mrs. Anna L. Lancaster returned Sunday from a pleasant visitto friends and relatives in Chicago,and in Indianapolis.Mr. Nicholas Kriener, who hasbeen confined to his home on Twelfthstreet for several weeks with pneumonia, has recovered and is able tobe at his place of business a shorttime each day.At the Class Day exercises ofHamilton College, held in the College Chapel yesterday morning.Miss Anna Louise White, of thiscity, was one of the class receiving acollege preparatory degree.Miss Nellie Mitchell, of Paris,has been added to the musical staff ofthe -Ben Ali Theatre, in Lexington.Miss Mitchell is an accomplishedand talented pianist, and will be avaluable addition to the Ben Ali.Mrs. W. H. Clay, formerly ofParis, who has been ill at the St.Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, forseveral weeks, following an operation, is much improved, and was ableto return to her home in Woodlandavenue in Lexington, Saturday.Mr. 0. P. Carter, Jr., formerlyconnected with the Paris postoffice,is here from Huntington, W. Va.,visiting his family, on East Eighthstreet. Mr. Carter is in the revenueservice, with headquarters in Huntington, He is in Kentucky on a combined pleasure and business trip.Dr. Charles G. Daugherty, ofParis, attended the annual banquet ofthe alumni of Transylvania University, held in the banquet hall of Ewing Hall, at the University, Saturdaynight. More than four hundred candidates for graduation, who later became members of the association,were present. Mr. Maury Kemperwas toastmaster. Dr. Daugherty delivered an address to the members ofthe association, as did several others,among them being Mr. Enoch Grehanand President Crossfield.The dance given in Premier Hall,in Winchester, Friday evening by theyoung men of that city was a distinct social success. Music was furnished by the Williams SaxophoneOrchestra. A large number of visitors were present from surroundingtowns. Among those participating inthe pleasures of the dance were MissMay Allie Parrish, of Clintonville;Miss Louise Myall, of Millersburg;Messrs. Julian Adair and ReeseIngels, of Millersburg; Joe Davis, Jr.,Ireland Davis, George Ardery, Forrest Letton, Jr., Blair Varden, andDan Peed, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page '3.)m m mFOR THE GARDEN AND LAWN.FORMER RESIDENT SEES MANYCHANGES IN PARIS.Mr. William E. Hixson, of Clexico,Cali., a former resident of Parismany years ago, is here on a visit tohis sister, Mrs. J. M. Cooper, andother relatives. Mr. Etixson came toParis after a visit to his sister, Mrs.W. W. Spencer, in Lexington.Mr, Hixson is a graduate of theclas of '73 at the old State College,now the University of Kentucky,leaving Kentucky in his senior yearforty-four years ago for Texas, wherehe remained until seventeen yearsyears ago, when "he went to California, where he has since resided. Thisis his first visit to Paris and to Kentucky in forty-four years.His people are giving him a mostcordial welcome here. He says thatwhile there has been many changesin the old town and Paris does notlook like it did forty-four years ago,he is enjoying everything just thesame. He marveled at the progressive spirit Paris shows, and took agreat deal of interest in the appearance of our handsome homes andbusiness houses.Mr. Hixson will go to Mason county and to Fleming county to visitfriends and relatives there, comingback to Paris and Lexington for another visit to his sisters, Mrs. Cooperand Mrs. Spencer, before returningto his home in California.E JgJ JgJJSUMMER TIME LUXURIES ANDREAL NECESSITIES.We will save you money on refrigerators, porch and lawn swings. Therefrigerators are ice-savers and thebest to be had. The swings arestrong and classy large stock.(28-tf) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.mmM I LITARY WATCH ESMen's Military WristWatches, radiumdials, guaranteedmovements, $ 1 2.50and up.SHIRE & PITH I AN.( may 2 4-3 1)LOCAL D. OF C. CHAPTER TO ATTEND EXERCISES.The members of Richard HawesChapter, Daughters of Confederacy,and the John H. Morgan Camp, United Confederate Veterans, have received an invitation from the Lexington D. of C. Chapter to join withthem in conducting memorial exercises next Sunday afternoon at fouro'clock. The exercises will be heldon the Confederate lot in the Lexington Cemetery. Gen. Bennett Young,of Louisville, will be the principalspeaker.The invitation has been acceptedand a special effort is being made tosecure a large representation fromboth organizations.te la ISB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsLawn mowers, garden hose andgrass hooks at prices you are not usedto. Come in and let us show yousome real bargains in this line. Wereally save you money.(28-tf) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.THURSDAY MEMORIAL DAYNext Thursday, May 3U, will be alegal holiday, being the annual observance of Memorial or DecorationDay. All the banks and the postofficewill be closed. The barber shopswill close from noon on that day until Friday morning.It is hardly probable there will beany public observance of the dayhere, as it has been in the past. Formany years the colored G. A. R. observed the day by marching to thecolored cemetery and decorating thegraves of their departed comrades,but their ranks have become sothinned that the observance has fallen into disuse. Still to many the daywill be one that will bring manymemories, and the graves of the deadin the local cemetery will be decorated with flowers by individuals. Confederate and Pythian decoration dayscome on different dates, sometimes inJune.PAGi'irt-.21 1 1 rr vrozette for the summer, ana wm -at the end of the Peseiit temi torthat city to take up her duties.mS Whaley will return to the institutian in the fall. .,,Miss Whaley is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs H. Clay Whaley of this city,2 n sister of Mrs. Hoffman Wood,?? 8S?rlin. whose brother, theWi - , f).. fnnnriorJohn wooa, wito m rClShe is one ujl. mc.... j. Atinarnrc m lugb5 and a young woman who willd?cided suc as a ne -paper?o0rin?a"in a position ofhe kind she will assume.late Mr.of the Gazette.APPRECIATIVE GIFTS.A graduating present is alwayskept with a great deal off pride.Give something worth while.Our stock is varied with suitable giftsthings appropriateand worthwhile. All prices.A. J. WINTERS & CO.(may24-ft)im ?a laBOY SCOUTS HIKE.About forty members of the BoyScouts went on a "hike" Fridayevening, and had a most enjoyabletime. They left Paris about 2:15Friday afternoon, marched out theGeorgetown pike, thence out theCvnthiana Dike, to the home of Mr. J.Miller Ward, where they pitchedtheir tents and "camped out" intrue military style. Sentries wereDosted and the guard changed at regular intervals. All the requirementsof military life were observed. Theyoung warriors were guests of Mr.and Mrs. Ward Saturday, and weregiven the liberty of the farm, aprivilege of whkh they took the fullest advantage. Bathing, scouting,'tracking" and inspecting farmmethods gave the boys plenty ofamusement and profitable occupation.They returned Saturday evening ashappy a set of youngsters as everwore the khaki.Be PreparedFor ARefreshingDipWe have a new stock offCapsWater-WingsSwimming Bagsand SuitsAll sizes, styles and prices.DaughertyBros.Fifth and MainKodaks, Victrolasand SuppliesINCENDIAHY FIRE DESTROYSSOLDIERS' WINTER CLOTHINGForty thousand pieces of winterclothing belonging to troops stationed at Camp Beauregard, were destroyed or damaged by fire, believed tohave been of incendiary origin, in awarehouse at Alexandria, La., Saturday. Two explosions occurred., m m mFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.far-Tine Economy Salt!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingvery interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestM Suits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Theg5j otjicis ctuu simuea are rigiit up iu me minute.Kegular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $1 7.75Regular 130.00 and $35.00 Values, 'Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50! values at $2.29Regular $2.00 and S2.50 values at. .$1 .79Regular $1.25 and 1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each $1.69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard22 .1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and style represented in thisgrouping, including the wanted .colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2;39$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$3.29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $4.9$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5. 9S$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98EconomyinSale SpecialsHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' J3ilk Hose,regular 75c values, pairLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair69c39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2c-Economy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $.1.98Economy Sale Special..Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50 ,quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. . -$ 1 .98'Economy Sale Special va"uesuPatoe$4.5o! atHalf PriceThis Sale is Now Going On!HARRYMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.This Sale is For Cash Only !SIMON224-228 W. MAIN STLEXINGTON, KY.I'iBilBratWWWWllirtliI1I13?Iii115&,m5-E are showing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J T. HINTON CO.-" it:P -if'iii1 'IBI if ' n 'II - i . . - vy x- '- . BI i -I' , 'Z- - BI 3 t . - ' 1 8H 4 HI 8 . - M2 iis1 ff ,4(9HKBTHE BOUMfON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SIXTUESDAY, MAT 28, 1S1I, 1NDODR WORKMADE HEALTHBut Louisville .Man Feels Good.Again Since Tanlac BuiltUp System."My work as bookkeeper is all indoors and I guess it must have beenthe confinement that made my system get all run down," said J. 0.Kampschaefer, 3403 Greenwood avenue, Louisville, Ky."My system felt run down all overad I' -was getting worse. I was soweak that sometimes I'd just dozeoff to sleep while sitting in a chair.It was just from sheer weakness, Iguess."I tried Tanlac as a spring tonicabout two years ago and it helpedme a lot. So when I got run downrecently I turned to Tanlac again."Well, sir, Tanlac surely has helped me. " It has brought back mynealth in fine shape. I'm not rundown or weak any more. I've takenfour bottle of Tanlac and it really isremarkable the way it has improvedme."All my friends know that I wouldnot give a statement like this unlessTanlac had done just what I say it3ias."If you feel weak and all run downtry Tanlac. It is an excellentstrengthener and system builder.You can get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.Tor Rheumatic Aches.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment for rheumatism. It is helpinghundreds and it will do for you whatit is doing for others. You can getit atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)WHEN APKISONERCHANGED.IS EX-Ivan Rossiter, captured by the Germans, and later exchanged, says inthe May Farm and Fireside:"Then I lay down, not to sleep,but to think. I thought of the dayI enlisted in Canada, of leavinghome, the training camps, the tripoverseas to England, the training inEngland, going across the channelto Flanders, the terrific fighting atYpres, of the many friends who fellon that bloody battlefield, how I waswounded and captured, the inhumantreatment I received at the handsof the German surgeons, who hadfour husky Germans hold me downwhile they cut five bones out of mywrist and amputated my middlefinger at the second joint when I waswounded in the palm of the hand, thekicks and cuffs from prison guards,and the terrible stuff the Germanscalled food in the prison camps."g U3 1?PACKAGES ARE BARRED.Notice has been received here fromthe Y. M. C. headquarters in NewYork that no packages will be accepted for delivery to the men inFrance. As the number of secretariesnow in France is about two thousand,and the parcel post has been cut offby the Government, the number ofpackages has increased until it is impossible to handle them. The noticesays that articles imperatively needed, such as eyeglasses, may be forwarded, but such things as candiesand food will not be accepted.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service .isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketBECOMEHOLD THE BATTLE LINEIN FRANCEFeed the AmericanWheatTHE PATRIOTIC PLEDGEI have a family Cponoaapoanai of wbeat flour. I acree tkat in my home - wiH not mm morethaa rix poanda ef wheat product to thirty days for each poraon, tadaatocflow, crackers. Victory bread, macaroaa, etc, until the next harreai cornea fatAactttt I acre te hoM at my home all wheat flour which I have ea hando-er a thirty days' safely for my family on the ration of six potds per monthper person, ana to dispose of sach aarplas as the United States Food Administration may direct to the interest ef National Safety. If my sarplas floar igtrea te the Go-erament, I am to he paid what it cost me.I make aad sign this pledge as an American citizen to aid in the winningof the war.Cut oat the above pledge. Fill in the blanks. Sign your name aad addressand mail to your County Food Administrator at once.Wheat! Wheat! ! Wheat! ! ! This is the great national necessity at thepresent time. It is needed for the immense armies we are sending abroad atthe present time. R is needed for the Allied armies who are so gloriously holding the Battle Line in Western France until the Americans can get "on theJob" and drive the German Hordes back across the Rhine.It is wheat our that is so badly needed for bread stuffs over there. It Iswheat flour that the American Government must have and our American Patriots at home mast provide it by savings in the homes. There is no othersource of supply until the next harvest Thus daty calls us to our part in thewar. 'Knowing that all loyal citizens are glad and willing to conform their households to the six pound ration until the new havest, but knowing also that wehave some among us who are disloyal and pro-German and perhaps not averseto seeing sacrificed the splendid brave youth of the nation who are going fromour homes to fight for our freedom, the Government is protecting our loyalcitizens against those disloyal in meeting this call for the saving of wheatflour. There is on the Statute Books a law against Hoarding under whichthose who hold an unreasonable amount of flour are being prosecuted by theDepartment of Justice in the Federal Courts. The penalty for convicted hoarders is a fine not to exceed ?5,000, and imprisonment not to exceed two years,or both.The Food Administration has determined the amount of wheat that isavailable from now until harvest for the American people. It has determinedthat a reasonable use must not exceed six pounds per month per person andhas stated that it is unreasonable in this emergency to have on hand morethan a thirty days' supply on this ration for our householders.Any person who has on hand more than this amount is liable to prosecution as a hoarder of flour under the law on orders from the Food Administration. The procedure is by indictment in the Federal CourtRecognizing, however, that many patriotic persons, following practicesformerly considered legitimate and usual, have laid in larger quantities of flourthan in this time of National Emergency is considered reasonable and right,and that many of these persons acted in so doing from proper motives, theFood Administration in the interest of fairness and justice, now offers to thosecitizens who have thus acted in good faith, the opportunity of showing theirpatriotism and insuring themselves against the notoriety and penalties thatwould result from prosecution.No person in Kentucky, therefore, who makes and files with their CountyFood Administrator the statement disclosed in the Pledge at the head of thisarticle and holds his surplus flour for the Government agreeing to turn it overif it is needed, willbe prosecuted by the Government for hoarding flour.The Food Administration will not call for your surplus unless it is necessary, and when it does call, will leave you your thirty days' supply, but it mustknow where the flour is and it must have your promise to turn it over as ameasure of National Safety.In some Kentucky counties, owing to shortage of supply, it has alreadybeen found necessary to direct that excess holdings be marketed, but it is onlyin cases of emergency that such action is contemplated.When this call comes to you think of the needs of our soldiers, the braveboys who fight our battle for freedom, for the safety of our home's from themenace of the Hans. Don't let anyone say you are a slacker because you havenot offered your surplus to the Government in time of need. Every pound offlow now ceuats in this time of trouble. Remember also that the influence ofyour offer on other citizeas not so patriotically inclined, may save the lives ofmany brave boys from yor own home town. Make your sacrifice for them"aad iascribe your nasae in this pledge oh your Country's Roll of Honor! -FRED M. SACKETT,FederalMay 17th, 1918.Canada Reduces Wheat Consumption.Home consumption of wheat in Canada is now being reduced about 56 percent to make possible an increase inwheat exports.Sav Food.Be Mere Efficient Than the Enemy."The only way to win the war," Progressive Parmer believe, "is for us tebe more efficient than the enemy. Ifthe Hun soldier is efficient omrs mustbe made more eficient. Ifthe German farmer is efficient in feeding amd clothing the German army, theAmerican farmer must prove himselfmere efficient"Sar Tc&.U. S. Cernmeat Output Deiblel.A canvas at the wfcole ceamtry bythe Feod A-tnaiawtraHaa sfce-re thatthe aetaal milUac output of cormsaeUiacraatU Xrosm S,0.ff fcmrreto im Octafcar to Marly ,000,MO barrels farMarah. DHc the t 18 months,the ettt ef com Imt has iacreaaeaN per cetSav Fee.No Sacrifice, Juat a Cfcanaa.The program of food caoaarratiaa isIM Umrted States leads Miaao wi JllSet ta say: "We Americans have lityet heea asked far aay real sacrifice.Osr aMatleas day aad wkeatlees stealsare Metal? a matter af caaaging theill-eMare, safcstitutia erne food foranether aad are nothing comparedwith the rations imposed am the Eaglisa jMeate aad the vetmatary ratienaarM af the CaaadiaM."theKy., 118.Ttrlnc at xay home.I -hare oa haaiP. O. AddressFood Administrator for Kentucky.oa me laano farmer: "The breadration of the allied soldiers now facmg the fearful, onslaughts of Germanguns and gas has been reduced. Whv, cjr ureu t enough togo-iwuuu. luey naven't enoughto make their war bread out of.are we going to do about itfwheatWhatr Save Food"It Is the War."la France fifty per cent of the totaleaergy of the people is said to go mtmilitary effort. Hardships, hungersorrow-all suffering is excused withthe explanation, "It is the war." Thisis the kind of spirit needed in everAmerican home.Save Pood. .Put Every Acre to Work,la an editorial reviewing handicapsand hardships of the past MicairaBusiness 5rg has this to sarabout the futara: "The time for findin fault wfth tain, which for reasons perhaps mare cogeat thaa we anrealise can not be changed for thetime being at least has passed. Nowthat the planting season is near andthe farmer must soon decide upon hisacreage, let us have tee with fruitless complaining, put oar hands to thelew and do OUR part in winning thewar. Never let it be saidthat a soldier suffering hunger or thata child im far-off Belgium died fromstarvation because yau failed in thisgreat hour of need to grow the miteef food which might have aourhmedArmy SaveFlourSET AN EXAMPLE OF HONESTYStreet Car Passenger Left Fare WithWoman Who Took Advantage ofOpportunity to Be DishonestThe man in the corner seat lookedworried. At last he spoke."Madam," he said, 'will you kindlytake this nickel and give It to the conductor when he comes around? I havebeen trying to catch his eye, but he apparently does not see me. Will you setthat he gets it?",The woman sat bewildered in thepresence of such extraordinary honesty, 'but she good-naturedly acceptedthe trust After the man left the car,she, too, attempted to establish a lineof' communication with the conductor,but failed. She was nearing her owndestination, but conscience forbadeher leaving the car until her neighbor's fare had been paid. Before thatfeat was accomplished she had beencarried four blocks past her streetWhen she finally got home her temperwas slightly damaged."But yolj shouldn't have been so accommodating," said her husband. "Youshould have got off at your corner.""But how could I?" the woman argued. "With that man's honesty before me as an example of right livingI simply had to turn his nickel over tothe conductor.""Maybe you are right," said the manadmiringly. "Women certainly do havefine notions about these things. Butit is too' bad. You had to walk back.""Oh, no, I didn't walk," she said. "'Irode.""And that cost you another nickel.""No, it didn't" she said. "The conductor never even looked my waywhen he came through, and I got offwithout having to pay."HALF-WAY WORK DEGRADINGShould Confess Our Poverty or Parsimony, But Not Belle Our HumanIntellect, Says Writer.We are, none of us, wrote Ruskln,so good architects as to be able towork habitually beneath our strength;and yet there Is not a building that Iknow of, lately raised, wherein it isnot sufficiently evident that neitherarchitect nor builder has done hisbest. It is the especial characteristicof modern work. All old work nearlyhas been hard work. It may be thehard work of children, of barbarians,of rustics; but it is always their utmost. Let us have done with this kindof work at once; cast off every temptation to it ; do not let us degrade ourselves voluntarily, and then mutterand mourn over our shortcomings ; letus confess our poverty or our parsimony, but not belie our human intellect It Is not a question of doingmore, but of doing better. Do not letus boss our roofs with wretched, halfworked, blunt-edged rosettes;. do notlet us flank our gates with rigid imlta-Itions of medieval statuarv. Surfithings are mere Insults to commonsense, and only unfit us for feeling thenobility of their prototypes.Sunlight Distressing.In addition to the wind there is another peculiarity of the inland icewhich adds to the difficulties to beencountered In the Arctic. That is theextreme Intensity of the sunlight,which can be realized only by thosewho have experienced It. During thesummer mouths the sun shines asbrightly there in clear weather as anywhere further south, and this continuous brilliancy is Intensified a hundredfold by the reflection from endlessfields of glistening, sparkling snow,unrelieved by a single object. Thestrongest eyes can stand such a blinding glare only a few hours withoutprotection. We always wore heavysmoked glasses, and when in campfound it Impossible to sleep withoutstill further protecting the eyes bytying a narrow band of fur about themto exclude the light Only when astorm Is brewing does this intenselight become subdued. At such times,however, the sky and snow take on apeculiar gray, opaque light, which Iseven more trying1 than the sunlightCentury Magazine.Ever See a Dingonek?The dingonek is a huge, unclassifiedaquatic monster, says the Wide WorldMagazine. It resembles in many of Itscharacteristics the extinct dinosaur, ahuge reptile of the Mesozoic period, fossils of which have been discovered bypaleontologists In the sandstone strataboth of the African and American continents. It lives in Lake Victoria Nyanza and Its numerous tributaries andthere is no record of the monster having been seen In any other part of theworld. Whether It is a descendant ofone of the huge prehistoric sauriansthat has by a process of adaptationliving as it does in Impenetrable regions far away from the encroachmentsof civilized man continued with butslight modifications through prodigiousages to the present time, or whether itis an unclassified reptile or amphibian,it is equally Impossible to sayr as nospecimen exists either of Its bones orof its skin. That this monster does exist, however, there can be no particleof doubt, as the testimony of authoritative eyewitnesses cannot be reasonably discredited.Useless.Mrs. Crossley was enjoying a shopping tour and was critically examiningvarious articles on the counter of thedry goods emporium."What is this thing used for?" shefinally asked."I really don't know," answered theclerk. ' think it Is intended for aChristmas gift" Harper's Magazine.Your Last Chance toBuyColumbia Oil & Gas Co. Stockat 75c Per ShareOn Monday, June 3rd, the Stock, willAdvance to$1.00 A SHARETELEGRAMHave closed contract for 5wells on COLUMBIA tractRig is being moved to propertytoday.J. H. McCLURKIN,Manager.This will make 8 wells drilling onour Lee County property. Send yourorders at once for stock. DO NOTWAIT!A. D. FARLEY & CO.Fiscal AgentsRoom 404 Courier-Journal Bids.LOUISVILLE, KY.LendHimForPATRIOTISM"Actions speak louder inrwords-Act - Don't Talk - Buy Now?rNow is the Timeto Figure on-YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You" Before Placing Your Order. CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANELet Us Serve You!Tins company is a public servant in a greater capacity tha-.other utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oft&atimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor the policeor the fire department are immediately summoned by our raDidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-neonlor your triends. Pl, &-! o , 3 , .HAVE YOU A PHONE - - -The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and ire vitally Interested in the town's welfare. We can help you Youcan help us. Let's get together. uParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.t t tmi-mr (Incorporate!)J. J. VJSATCH, tit tt nCTA-rTK-tvfat Y...--WP44VI MMWVilENOCH MORGAN'Ssons caBuySAPOLIOForECONOMYBROS." v"Vf!- iuttf' ' ------ui,A.N.TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1918.OTE BOURBON NEW, PARIS, KY.pigs sxnar! 1 P-KAISER ON VERGE OF INSANITYRichmond "Journal" Hears Mon-iarch Was Recently ConfinedIn Asylum Kept SecretTor State Reasons andMorale of Army.BIPERSOKATED BYHIS EAMOTJS DOUBLEDeprived of His American Physician,Dentist and Medicine, CoupledWith. Military Adversities,Emperor Went Temporarily Insane.THINKS HIMSELYGOD'S MESSENGERThe U-Boat "Deutchland," Commanded by Capt. Paul Koeing, Carried Last of American Remedy Upon WhichRulers HealthDepended.RICHMOND, VA.f May 27. Thenews that the Emperor of Germanywas recently confined in an asylum,violently insane, following the defeats of his army is now beginning tofilter through the rigid censorship ofthe German official news bureaus,and what until a few days ago wasregarded a wild rumor, is to-daygiven credence as being an authenticfact.It has long been known that theKaiser suffered from a morbid formof incipient insanity. He would sitfor hours in gloom, brooding over hisatrophied arm, which appeared like afelon's claw and was no more developed than that of a three-year-oldchild. No one ever dared talk orlaugh in his presence, unless he himself led the conversation. He onceImprisoned his own mother at Leipsicbecause she admonished him forkicking a Royal Hussar in the faceafter having knocked him down.Of late the Kaiser has become obsessed with the notion that he has a"divine mission to save humanity."His religious mania has been muchaccentuated. Years ago the Kaiser'scondition was the subject of commongoIp, which, for diplomatic reasons,could not be written about in thenev, papers. Things happened on theLEND NOT SPEND YOURMONEYIf you lend your money to theGovernment, you may be quite surethat it is going to be used for somenational purpose to prosecute thewar successfully, to care for, equip,arm and supply our soldiers inFrance, to be used by our navy inridding the seas of the murderous Uboats. But if you spend your money evenYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangetaSSOfeb.4 JMEku jBfisusaJ IA beautiful lint of Garlanrft on 41felay. Com In and look tham avar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)AUTHENTIC REPORTS PROCLAIMoccasion of Roosevelt's visit to theKaiser which could be .explained onlyas evidence of a mind so erratic as tobe bordering on insanity.Those who have had opportunityto study the Kaiser's case regard itas hereditary. His monomania for allthings military, touched with religious mania, has made him tremendously effective as an instrument ofthe militarist cult. The Kaiser allhis life has thought only in terms ofwar.Before the war days it was thedaily and hourly task of the Germanforeign office to keep a check on theKaiser and see that his little insanities did not lead to diplomatic consequences. He was constantly underespionage and in tutelage. Whenhe talked too much and too indiscreetly, he was reminded to desist.When he did or said foolish thingsto foreign diplomats, apologies andexplanations followed from the foreign minister.It is now stated on good authority that Dr. Wolfrung, of BadenBaden, the Kaiser's famous double,who, on more than one occasion hasbeen known to pose as the Emperor,was again called upon to play theroyal part. It is said that their resemblance is so remarkably similarthat the Emperor's own body guardscannot tell them apart.The Kaiser has always reliedgreatly upon America for medical advice, his chief surgeon and dentistboth being Americans. Likewise, hewas known to be entirely dependentupon this country for his medicines,products which were known to greatly relieve his mental and physicaldistress. Many say that the principal reason which caused the U-boat"Deutchland" to make her famoustrans-Atlantic voyage was the Kaiser's urgent need of these remedies.Just what success Capt. Paul Koenigmet with in securing them is unknown, but since the declaration ofwar between this country and Germany it is more than probable thathe has been without them, and hispresent condition may be largely dueto this fact.Emperor Wilhelm is known to haveused three American remedies veryextensively for the past twenty years.One of them was manufactured by awell-known Detroit pharmaceuticalfirm, another was compounded by aNew York nerve specialist, and theother was Acid Iron Mineral. The latter was always ordered through theKaiser's personal fiscal agent in NewYork City, and was used by theEmperor principally as a nerve tonicand blood builder.Kaiser Wilhelm is not the onlymember of royalty to have used A-I-M.Emperor Frances Joseph andQueen Wilhelmina were both users ofthis famous remedy. Naturally,since the war, every precaution hasbeen taken by the proprietors to prevent A-I-M from getting into thewith the belief that by putting itinto the channels of trade; othersinto whose hands it comes will lendit to the Government, you will havedone something the patriotism ofwhich may be very questionable.First, you have withdrawn fromthe supply of material of the nationsomething to replace which in themarket will require labor and material which should be devoted to warpurposes.Second, the person to whom youpay your money may also use it topurchase things requiring materialand labor which should be devotedto' war purposes. And the person towhom he pays it may repeat the operation. But when you lend your money tothe Government instead of spendingit, you will at once lessen the drainto a certain extent on our country'sresources, its material, its labor, andits transportation facilities,' and inaddition you supply your Government with money to be used in winning the war.Every purchase of a War SavingsStamp is an individual act towardbringing victory to America and herallies.B3 s ISHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Re--nrowifrw n-nv cast, of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine nas Deentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has became known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through, the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from the Blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. uiiiaJNjyx & w.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.A cold citizen doesn't make a warmpatriot. Go to the telephone and order your winter's supply now.That extra ,shovelful of coal yousave will send a troopship fasterthrough the danger zone.t B. 1 inirnii !mmiJM i 1 clmS-i mil miThe Kaiser.hands of the enemy, and they believe they have succeeded.Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood, but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who sufferfrom the effects of thickened, heavyblood, coagulated and polluted withthe waste matter of the winter's accumulation, A-I-M stands without apeer; for it not only thins and purifies the blood, but carries the various imprities out of the system, naturally and effectively. As a general"spring tonic" and as a prompt relieffor that "tired feeling" and rundowncondition so prevalent at this season,it remains the only natural, non-corrosive,fully assimilable and digestible iron known to medical science.On the market over thirty years,and with thousand upon thousandsof testimonials from physicians, lawyers, clergymen, pharmacists and laymen who testify to its merits, A-I-M"is the only remedy which is sold withthe distinct understanding that itspurchase price will be refunded it itfails to benefit in every possible degree. Reject all spurious imitations,which profit-seeking druggists try tofoist upon you, and demand the original Acid Iron Mineral. (adv)A SINGING ARMY TO ERANCE.The slogan indicates a new determination on the part of the ArmyY- M. C. A. to meet the increasingneeds of the soldier boys for musicin the camps, according to a bulletinjust received here from the CentralDepartment headquarters of the National War Work Council of the Y.M. C. A. Following the declarationof Maj.-Gen. Harry C. Dale that "asinging army is a winning army,"the Army Y. M. C. A. is now planningin its work for soldiers throughoutthe United States to beat the Germans at their own game.Thirty-eight of the foremost songleaders in this country are now atwork in the cantonments of theUnited States, organizing the enlisted men by companies and barracksand teaching them a score of songswhich they may sing together at reviews or on the march. It is statedthat 47 such song leaders are provided for and this number will soonbe reached. One song leader is being supplied in each of the armycamps. In addition there are to be12 itinerant song leaders who willinstruct the men in singing at isolated points. The purpose of theY. M. C. A. singing program is todevelop song leaders from the ranksand make each military unit selfentertaining as it moves "overthere.""Music alone competes with religion in the power to lift up man'3heart and soul," says Marshall M.Bartholomew, in charge of singinginstruction for the Y. M. C, A., in astatement just issued. "The twomost military nations of the worldhave long recognized and systematically, exploited this power. Duringa long residence in Germany bothbefore and during the present war,I had opportunity . to study at firsthand this, important phase of armylife, and more recently in Japan Imade myself familiar with militarymusic. In my. opinion, the singingin the German army has done moreto keep up the morale of; those troopsand to stimulate the patriotism ofthe people than any other single influence." The State Y. M. C. A. of Kentuckyis trying to recruit thirty-five menper month for Army Y .M. C. A.service and a large portion of the menshould be able to lead singing.Inquiries can be addressed to C. A.Tevebaugh, 345 Association-Building,Louisville, Ky.KENTUCT'' MAN PREDICTS ENDOF WAH-HT-1918."The get war will be over in1918, the end of it following thecrushing defeat and end of theKaiser. So plainly declares the Bible,as shown by the following chaptersand verses and the reasonable interpretation of them."From out the mountains of Kentucky came the message to ManagerF. R. McCormick, of the Hotel Dennison, Cincinnati, who declares thatup where his friend lives the principal occupations are making moonshine whisky and studying the Bible,and that the natives are experts atboth of them. Certainly the mountian seer has found a number of passages which are vividly startlingwhen read in connection with eventsof the present and past two years.He refers to the thirteenth chapterof the Apocalypse, written by St.John, the Apostle, while an exile onthe island of Patmos. The first versereads: "And I saw a beast comingup out of sea, having seven headsand 10 horns, and upon his horns 10diadems and upon his head names ofblasphemy." The eighteenth and lastverse of the chapter reads:"Here is wisdom. He that hathunderstanding let him count thenumber of the beast. For it is thenumber of a man, and the numberof him is six hundred sixty-six."And the numeral letters of"Kaiser" and dominant figure "6"added together make 666, six hundred sixty-six "the number of a man.It is a very simple cryptogram,the result, or answer, being easilyobtained. To work it spell out"Kaiser" perpendicularly and to theright of each letter place the dominant figure 6. Between the two the.numbers of the letters in the wordas 1 for "a," 2 for "b," 3 for "c."the following will be obtained:K, eleventh letter 11 6A, first letter 1 cI, ninth letter 1 6S, nineteenth letter 19 6E, fifth letter 5 6R, eighteenth letter 18 6666As alread quoted, "He that hathunderstanding, let him count thenumber of the beast."There are verses in this chapter,and in many other chapters of theBible whic apparently have a strongpresent-day application. For example, in this chapter: "He that shalllead into captivity, shall go into captivity, &c; the great, even worldwide success of the beast before hisfinal overthrow: the regulation ofbuying and selling; the repeated references to blasphemy; the comingof the second beast who had twohorns like the lamb, but spokfe as adragon.And" there was given to him amouth sneaking great things andblasphemies, and power was given tohim to do two and forty months.So reads the fifth verse of the thirteenth chapter. In one version thelast words are given as "to continueforty and two months."All versions agree that "the beast"is to be overcome in three and onehalf years, counting from July, 1914,this means, January, 1918. Takingall in all it is an interesting story,or game, this working out the wara la Bible.191 1E1PARIS EVIDENCE TOR PARISPEOPLE.The Statements of Paris ResidentsAre Surely More Reliable ThanThose of Utter Strangers.Home testimony is real proof.Public statements of Paris peoplecarry real weight.What a friend or neighbor sayscompels respect.The word of one whose home isfar away invites your doubts.Here's a Paris ::..t's statement.And it's for Paris people's benefit.Such evidence is convincing.That's the kind of proof that backsDoan's Kidney Pills.J. W. Larkin, farmer, 431 Highstreet, says: "I am only too glad torecommend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at time had quite a bitof trouble with my back. Often Ihad a dreadful ache across my kidneys and the kidney secretions were Itoo frequent in passage. A box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills at these timeshas never failed to cure me of an attack." Mr. Larkin is one one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mr. Larkin had, the remedy backed by hometestimony. Foster - Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "When YourBack is Lame, Remember the Name."(adv)WHAT AM I DOING?Ask yourself this question: "Whatam T doing toward helping my country win the war?" If you are notdoing something don't you think youare a very lukewarm American?The Government doesn't ask verymuch of you. It merely asks-you todo without unnecessary things andinvest your money saved thereby insecurities. You can buy War SavingaStamps and assist the nation.Remember that every time youbuy a War Savings Stamp, which isredeemable in gold in 1923, you are Jfiring a shot at Berlin.IfMcCOMBSAn Established Producing and Dividend-Paying Company.58 PRODUCING WELLS4,000 ACRES OF PROVEN LEASESPurchased from the Beckett-Iseman Oil and Gas Company in Wolfe County, Kentucky. Wells are connectedwith pipe lines and now pumping. This gives the company 67 producing wells and 17,000 acres of leases.Due to increase in value of company's holdings,On June 15, 1918, StockAdvances to$1.50 Per ShareAnd Dividend Rate to18 Per Cent.Per AnnumFIVE DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFacts to Consider1. Established Company beyond experimental stage.2. M onthly Dividend of 1 per ct. After June 1 1-2 per ct.3. Earnings largely in excess of dividend requirements.4. Extensive holdings 17, 000t acres largely in prorenterritory.5. Stock has been subscribed in large blocks by discriminating investors.The Company's Stock May Now BePurchased at $1 .OO Per Share.Full Information on Request.ABRAM RENICK, President514-16 Inter-Southern Bldg. Louisville, KentuckyPhone Our RepresentativeJ. D. HEDRICKWindsor HotelThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. " Wert 5 StreetHX"r.f?C3 '. ?Z ' "S3;Bourbonvg HLJ 1sParis Kentucky.iiA MAN AND HIS WIFE;LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Fhone 40Columbia GrafonolasColumbialGrafonola.. Columbia GrafonolaColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET' PARIS, KENTUCKYOIL CO.Satisfaction is OurI Watchwordij With all the latest im-provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Laundry,may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave ttfe appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Homer Phone 1692No. A, $18.00No. B, $30.00'c;;Kr-iffjOrr:).?uKwn', n .1MiflfItIKmm11if!iU7'HJ,.?mH;w1i jf1351Vkl tailfcU JrmVn'?mpim;r -ESE BOURpN JJEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY , lSlg.iPlGE EIGHT$44A"li'i''l"M"l"li"liAA"hMA'l -I'M-I-M' 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 H 1 1 .c2E53f THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO?Thursday, May 30thGoldwln. Presents the Screen's GreatestDramatic Actresst1 The J. Tv Hinton Co. fUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.Main' and SixthT3-StrfeetsMotor equipment.Dav ohone 36 TIMIfzht : . . 56or Home 286""Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our fI Limousine Invalid Coach. f- Hearse used for funeral purposes only. X- it 1 1 1 1 1 i"H"4"H-'i :'i"i"H"5"i'i"i"i"i"i"i-ii':'i"i-'i"i-4-i"i"t'4"i"i"i"i"H"H'i"$MILLERSBURGEld. Alex. Sanders is quite ill attlie home of his daughter, Mrs. W. G.Dailey.Miss Mildred W. Bruce, who has"been teaching in the Graded School atIrvine, returned home Friday.THE SICK. Messrs. James Clearer, Earl Hill, Dr. W. M. Miller andMrs. Fannie Norton are all improving. Mr. J. Will Clarke and family,- -of Bloomfield, were guests of Mr. andMrs. W. G. Leer, from Saturday untilMonday.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Leer were.guests of Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Hopperat Mayslick, from Saturday untilMonday.Mr, and Mrs. C. R. Jones, Mrs.Adah McClintock and daughter, MissHuth. McClintock, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. C. "WL Howard, at Lexington, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. Carlton Ball havereturned to their home at St. Louis,"Mo., after a few days' visit to hisparents, Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball.Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville,"was the guest of his mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont and daughter, MissFlorence Vimont, Saturday and Sunday. Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes and"brother, Mr. W. E. Butler, returned Thursday after a few days visitto Mr. James McClure and family, atParis.Mr. G. P. Fisher, who has beenwith the Veriqraux Sugar Co., atEnsenada de Mora. Cuba, since lastJanuary, was forced to resign his position on account of failing health,and returned home Friday.-Miss Maggie Lee McVey, who4DEATHS.CASTLEMAN.Gen. John Breckinridge Castleman was buried in the Castlemair lotat Cave Hill Cemetery, in Louisville,Sunday. A military guard fromCamp Zachary Taylor escorted thebody from Christ Church Cathedralto the cemetery. Along the routewere many friends and comrades ofGen. Castleman. The procession wasmet at the entrance to the cemeteryby Confederate veterans and KnightsTemplar, who fell in line behind themilitary escort. As the casket wasbeing lowered into the grave "Taps"was sounded by four buglers fromthe camp.PRATT.Judge Clifton P. Pratt, 70 yearsof age, former Attorney General ofKentucky, died at his home at Madisonville, Saturday night, followingan illness of several months. JudgePratt was a candidate on the Republican ticket when Taylor ranagainst Goebel for Governor, andwas the only Republican to holdoffice during the term, Goebel andthe remainder of the Democraticticket winnig their contests.Judge Pratt was stricken withparalysis some time ago and hadsince been very ill. Judge Pratt returned to Madisonville several yearsago and retired from the practice oflaw. He is survived by a wife andtwo sons. Funeral services wereheld yesterday afternoon.TS JQ fcaWEBB.Tuesday, May 28thVVHiam Fox's Picturizationof the Famous Erairy Tale"Jack and ." ;' 'the Beanstalk"Refreshing to young and old alike. ...Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe Ninth Episode off"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, May 29thJesse I. JLasky Presents-,Wallace Reid... . IN' ' .f " I . ."Rimrock Jones"Also a "Luke" Comedy,ivittt Harold Lloyd.Hearst-Pathe News No.36.MAE MARSHINCIThe Beloved Traitor"The story of the good girl who .whipped, the vampire.Mutt and Jeff Comedy,"The Fisherless Cartoon."Hearst-Pathe News No.37.Prices jAt the Alamo- Children5e war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adult3 10c-war tax lc.united with his business the profession of auctioneer, and made manysales on the streets of Paris. In hisearly youth he united with the ParisChristian church and was for manyyears a deacon in that congregation.When Charles C. Moore, editor ofhe Bluegrass Blade, an agnostic paper published in Lexington, severelycriticized several members of the congregation, for which he was arrestedand placed in the Paris jail, Mr. Ficklin became his champion, by reasonof which he was expelled from themembership in that congregation.He afterwards became an infidel andduring the remainder of his lifeworked faithfully to convert othersto that belief. He was an ardentprohibitionist and had the distinction of being the only man in Bourbon county to vote for the Prohibition candidate for President.A few years ago he had his willwritten, in which he stated his desireto make arrangements for his funeral.He wanted the funeral to be held inthe Paris Grand Opera House, thefuneral oration to be delivered byeither Mrs. Josephine Henry, of Versailles, or Dr. Wilson, of Cincinnati,both noted free-thinkers, and statedthat he wanted a brass band playingthe National airs, to head the funeralprocession to the PaVis Cemetery.The funeral arrangements had notbeen completed last night, pendingthe arrival of relatives from a distance. Ki Id feiRELIGIOUS.Messages received in Paris byfriends bore information of the sud-lias been govemness in the private d?ndeath near Hutchison, Kansas,ident of Paris, where he was formany years engaged in the retail shoebusiness.According to later information received here Mr. and Mrs. Webb, whohad been residing in Lexington forseveral years, had been making atour of the West in their automobile,and when near Hutchison, Kansas,I Mr. Webb was taken suddenly ill,"home near Baltimore, Md., was a4juest of Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Jones tseveral days last week. She was enroute to her home at Ewing, Ky.The student body of the PublicSchool gave a picnic in the Park Saturday. Outdoor sports and gameswere indulged in during the day, anda delightful basket dinner served atnoon. A good time was had by allthe little onesThe "Red Cross Chanter will serve I and died in a few hours. The resandwiches, hot coffee, ice cream, ! mains were prepared for shipment to(cakes and lemonade on the M. M. I.Campus during the field day exercises on Mondayf June 3. All members of the Chapter are requested tocommunicate with Mrs. C. R, Carrington or Miss Agnes Wadell as totheir donations.The baseball team of the M. M.L suffered a 4 to 2 defeat Friday onStoll Field in Lexington, by the Lexington High School team, who romp--ed'hontewith the game in good fasht ion. The game 'looked to be an easyxne for the M. M. I. up to the eighthinning, but the Lexington team madea quick come-back, and saved the. game. A feature of the game wasthe pitching of Oldham, for the M.M. I., who, although a cripple, pitch'ed a wonderful game, and wouldhave won with better support.The Primary and Elementary-Grades of the Public School, put on'"the little operetta entitled "Underthe Sugar Plum Tree," at the opera jhouse Friday evening, to a large audience. The operetta was preceded byspecial music and readings. Theoperetta was good and the parts well.taken. T-he little folks were trainedby Misses Nanny Clarke and GeorgiaMcDaniel, assisted by Miss McGuire,'accompanied by Mrs. W. W. Shannon.ifiVe are sorry that space will not perSnit in detail on the program.?his old home in Lexington, wherethe interment took place.Mr.' Webb was well-known to thepeople of Paris and the county, withwhom he was very popular. He wasat one time in the internal revenueservice, being a storekeeper-gaugerat the old Sam Clay distillery on theNorth Middletown piker near Paris,then under the management of theNicholas J. Welsh Co., of Covington.After leaving the service he openeda retail shoe business in the storeroom on Main street, now occupied byLowry & May, in which business hewas very successful. Several yearsago he closed out his business interests in Paris "and moved to Lexington, where he became identified withthe tobacco business as buyer forone of the large manufacturing concerns.He is survived by his widow, whowas formerly Miss Annie F?ice, twobrothers, Mr. Richard S. Webb andMr. George M. Webb, and one sister,Mrs. Mary Gess, all of Fayettecounty.AWHEN PEACE COMES.Some day peace will came. Thous- "ands milions of men will suddenlylie thrown back again into civil life.Consider the vastness of the readjustment that will be necessary.Xook back at the period of reconstruction. The day of reckoning isbound to come. Begin to save now.'Thrift is the need of the present, theliope of the future.. Liberty .Loan Bonds, War Savings,the.:safegt "securities in the .world, are Ja wise provision for the day peaces:omes....-3. -jFICKLIN.Mr. Wm. T. Ficklin, one of thebest-known citizens of Paris," aged,ninety-two, died at the-Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, yesterdayafternoon, as the result of injuriesreceived in a fall from a dormer window at his home on Main streetsome weeks ago. While leaning outof the window Mr. Ficklin lost hishold and fell to the ground below,a distance of about thirty feet. Hereceived a dislocated shoulder blade,botti arms were broken, and he sustained internal injuries.Mr. Ficklin was a native of Fleming county, where he was born inSeptember, 1827. He engaged in merchandising after leaving tne countryschools, and was very successful.Leaving Fleming he was engaged inbusiness in various parts of thecountry, and finally' landed' in Paris,where he opened a business in thehouse where lie met his death. HeAn all-day meeting of the Pastors' Aid Society of the Presbyterianchurch will be held to-day. All themembers whose dues are in arrearsare requested to pay same at thismeeting.The Rev. Dr. W- J. McGlothlin,professor in the Southern BaptistTheological Seminary, of Louisville,will prach the commencement sermonat the Georgetown College, Georgetown, Ky., Sunday, June 2.Rev. Ward Russell, pastor of theLittle Rock Christian church, delivered the baccalaureate address to themembers of the 1918 graduatingclass of the Little Rock High School,at the church, Sunday morning ateleven o'clock.In accordance with the proclamation of President Wilson, recentlyissued, the churches of Paris will .observe next Thursday, Memorial Day,as a day of humiliation and prayerfor the success of the Allied cause inthe present world-war. Union services will be held at the Baptistchurch.Rev. W. E. Ellis returned Saturday from a visit to Martinsville, Ind.On Sunday morning he delivered thebaccalaureate address to the graduating class of the Transylvania University, at the Central Christianchurch, in Lexington. His pulpithere was filled by Rev. A. W. Fortune, pastor of the Maxwell streetChristian church, in Lexington.A special prayer service for thesoldiers of the Allied armies, and forthe success of their arms will be heldat the Methodist church next Thursday morning at 10:30 o'clock. Noprayer meeting will be held on Wednesday night. The special Sprayerservice will be held in accordancewith the recent act of Congress andthe proclamation issued by PresidentWilson calling for a day of nationalhumiliation and prayer for the armyand navy.The fif tenth International Sunday School Convention will be heldat Buffalo, N. Y., June 19 to 25, withdelegates in attendance from everyState in the Union and from Canada, Mexico, South America andother foreign countries. It is expected that more than 5,000 personswill attend the convention, representing practically all the nations of theworld, except those of the CentralPowers. The - Rev. Dr. George A.Joplin, secretary of the KentuckyState Sunday School Association, anda large delegation Qf Sunday Schoolworkers from Kentucky will attendthe convention.The Bourbon County GospelTeam held an interesting meeting inthe Christian church at North Middletown, Sunday evening, there being no regular services scheduledthere. After a meeting held at theY. M. C. A., at four o'clock Sundayafternoon, about forty people tooksupper at the Y and were taken, inautomobiles to North Middletown,where the services were held, beginning at eight o'clock. Addresseswere made by A. L. Boatright, P. J.McCord, Robert Rose, Z. L. Wilcox,L. A. Soper, H. A. Power, HomerKiser and W. O. Hinton. Specialmusic was rendered by the choir ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch, under the direction of Mr. A.L. Boatright, of Parte. :!MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license- was issuedFriday afternoon from the office ofthe Fayette County Clerk to Mr. Jas.W. Franklin, of near Hutchison, thiscounty, and Miss Emma Lewis, ofFayette county.The following announcement hasbeen received:"Mrs. Able Catlett announces themarriage of her daughter, NeviaUrey, to Mr. Joseph Albert Brannock,on Saturday, May 'twenty-fifth, nineteen hundred and eighteen, Lexington Ky.""At Home, Lexington, Ky."m mCOMMISSIONER SAYS VAGRANTLAW MUST BE OBSERVED.In a letter addressed to Mayors andCounty Judges, Mat. S. Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture and Labor,says the vagrant law must be enforced. This law was passed by the recentlegislature and requires every ablebodied man to work 36 hours a week.This law, Cohen says, is a war measure and must be complied' yith to theletter.Copies of the letter have been received here by Mayor El B". Januaryand County Judge George Batterton.The city and county authorities havereceived instructions to enforce theuew law, regardless of whom it hits,and to show no favor to anyone inanyway as far as the- law is concerned.TRANSLYVANIA UNIVERSITYELECTS' BOARD OF CURATORSAt a meeting held in Lexington,Saturday, the following Board ofCurators for Transylvania Universitywere- elected for the coming schoolseason: Homer W. Carpenter, Richmond; Nathan Elliott, Lexington; S.D. Goff, Winchester; W. W. Estill,Lexington; John T. Hinton, Paris;Jos. A. Botts, Lexington; MatthewWalton, Lexington; John H. Blanton, New York.The officers of the Board were elected as follows: Chairman, W. HumeLogan; secretary, Hogan Yancey;treasurer, John Vance; executivecommittee, Jos. W. Porter, John T.Vance, Len G. Cox, J. C. Carrick,Matt S. Walton.The annual meeting of the Boardof Trustees of the College of the Bible was held immediately after themeeting of the sessions of the Boardof Curators. The report of PresidentCrossfield for the past year was readand approved.PATRIOT DOLLARS.All the dollars in the world cannot buy victory. Victory is not purchasable it is won. Dollars canwork for victory only in so far asthey are converted into labor andmaterials. A dollar hoarded is aslacker; a dollar wasted is a traitor;a dollar saved is a patriot, doublyso when loaned to the Government.A hoarded dollar represents idlepower; a wasted dollar representswasted power; a dollar saved represents power saved, labor saved represents power saved. Loaned to yourGovernment, it represents power,labor and materials in action, on thefiring line, over the top. And moreit represents reserve power, energystored, purchasing power conservedfor its owner.INSURANCE!FFRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some off your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Partners & Traders BankGREAT BARGAINSINMER FOOTWEAROwing to our great purchasing system for our chain ofstores, we are in a position to offer to our patrons the bestQualities and smartest styles of mMen's, Women's, Children'sShoes, Oxfords and PumpsAt Prices as Low as "Before the War Prices"Ladies beautiful PearlGrey, Havana Brown,Black and other leading colorsBootsOxfordsand Pumpsof the famous WalkOver and other makesat exceedingly low&fifef prices.'Msy ms J-mf-6eC000.iLadies' Gray Boots, Oxfords o mqand Pumps u.WLadies' Mahogany Tan Boots ' tQ QCand Oxfords yO.VOLadies' Black English Boots and o nnOxfords $&.VVLadies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfords t neand Pumps f.ylkVOTVTn-i'ei "Tlo-wlr TV.'. T7..ir-.l. Cil i"iC"A0 joxa aou migiisn anoes ana r? a aOxfords, Walk-Over. $5.00Men's Tan and Black Shoes and 0 jaOxfords, good makes $ oAuMen's Gun, Metal Button a0ja a aand Lace Shoes $2.49-$2.99Boys' Gun Metal Lace and ti nn i taButton Shoes $L99-$1.79DAN COHENWhere Beauty and EconofflReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store