-' h L'?- a - . . -erv . . - - " -. -J4 "'i-C . 'viA.3C -E.-r - 4KviWi. ili2afe3r fiAtp jmr' -.r (-A - -tes:- gPVT. 'fas -. w iSfifliNt - " -SL.wvTl7yr Tifc1 '--l-,T-- z-'aa- .JLSFi "I-y." - . .2I - TtPUBLISHED EVEKY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EN THE YEAR..VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 25 19182H5SSEM"A-' -T -1.1 T ' jT ' i r ' i. "Ti -:t.- j!..'- , HB' -rzm-, k.. . .t" -afe. ' .k. . -. -'b T - -jr r ' - rr-'T'aKS : -- - HH Hi - iVH . v S -V 1 hH H m Vi:LT--- m mmw Hm ama b mwm uumj--ii jti3 " - . j ' hb h b - h h - m mm- -mm. m m mm - mmim, m h b -bhwT "Tlh-yrTilir-- i B V K. H B V MV. H B H1 MB HBV Hki Bl" " W BBBBBBI MBBT F BB m BB BJBBr. BBV BBJ BBJ BBj BBj BBBBJ BV BBS BBBV!&m.--sBOURBON OBSERVED 'TUELLESSDAT' MONDAY. 'County Fuel Administrator Jas.:H." Thompson and the "members ofthe Fuel Committee are greatlypleased with the co-operation which,they found among the people ofParis and Bourbon county in carrying out the orders of National- Fuel"Administrator Garfield for the conservation of fuel last Monday.The committee has not so farheard of a single violation of theJFuel Administrator's order to haveMeatless Mondays until March 25.They say the people of Bourboncounty have always been loyal andpatriotic, and have proven it every. time the opportunity has been presented. The closing order caused considerable inconvenience, of course, butthere was a universal disposition tojabserve the order. Mr. Thompsonsays the people of the county have"been able to keep comfortable so farduring the extreme cold weatherthat has been experienped for- thepast week. A careful handling ofthe fuel situation here helped verymuch.CLAIBORNE STUD TO RECEIVEIMPORTED MARES.Five foreign-bred mares recentlypurchased by Mr. A. B. Hancock, ofParis, have arrived safely in Newfork, and will reach his ClaiborneStock Farm, near Paris, some timothis week. The animals were shipped from New York, Wednesday.-The names and pedigrees of thefive mares are: Bandana by !LadyMeddloy Ballantee; Bold Lady byMarcovil Lady Melton; Speedyfootby Victor Swift; Novanda byHyeshire Alex; Lagiconda by Marco Bilberry II; and" Aliqua, by Radium Amine. All have been nani.ed for the 1920 Futurity. One ofthe choicest in the lot is Bandana,- which won the Cambrigdshire Handicap for Wm. C. Whitney, and was-purchased by Mr. Hancock fromClarence Mackay.On the same boat which carriedthe Hancock . consignment was twothree-year-olds and one four-year-oldconsigned to J. K. L. Ross, inCanada.SAXE OF LONG ESTATE- Geo. D. Soeakes, auctioneer, makesthe following report of the sale ofthe late J. Riley Long's farm, stock,implements, etc., which was held onthe premises near Millersburg, Wednesday: - Mr. Joe Atkinson purchased thefarm of 137 acres for ?173.50 peracre; one pair mules sold for $385,another pair at $375; one yearlingmule at $100: cattle, weight 1,000pounds, sold for $105 per head;-small steers brought $67 each; sowsand' pigs sold for from $35 to $40per- head; cows, $97 to $105 perTiead: sheep S15 to $21.50 per head,fanning implements and crops onTiand in- storage brought good prices.There was a good crowd in attend--ance,and the bidding spirited.COUNTY EXAMINERSPOINTED.AP-Prof. B. M. Roberts, principal oftheLittle Rock Graded School, andMiss Susie Clay, at present principal of the Russell Cave Graded' School, have been appointed byCounty School Superintendent J. B., Cay wood, as County Examiners ofteachers for the county schools ofthis county.Both appointees are teachers .of3ong and varied experience, and inevery way eminently qualified forthe positions. Miss Clay attendedState University, from which institution she has a life diploma.CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.An examination under the auspices -of the United States CivilSecvice Commission for clerk with aknowledge of stenography or type- writing, will be" held at the Parispostoffice on February 15. The examination will be competitive andwill be open to both men and. women. Full particulars can be obtained by applying to Mr. WmClarke, local secretary, at the Paris" postoffice.Stenographers and typewritersare in reat demand for service inthe Government buildings, at Wash- sington; D. C. This will be an opportunity for ambitious young men'and women to get a good Governffment position.OYSTERS SCARCE. .-Paris restaurants areIng luscious oysters in-quantities, as has been'heretofore. The oystersnot servunlimited the casein Chesa-peak Bay, the chief source 01 supply for nearly all the market westof Baltimore, has been frozen up forseveral weeks. Eecause of this'only a .limited supply has been re' ceived here.BANK COMMISSIONER ITLES AN-OTHER ALEXANDER SUIT.Mr. George C. Speer, State Com-J A large number of Winchester Wednesday with sales at the Indemissioner, has filed a second suit in merchants have had under consider- pendent House, and Paris houses ofthe United States District Court at ation for several-days the question the Bourbon-Tobacco Warehouse Co.Cincinnati against the Fifth-Third of opening their stores on Mondays Sales at the Paris House were unNational Bank, of that city, to re- from 12:30 to 4:00 p. m., for the finished, while the Bourbon Housecover $43,640.37, alleged to be due benefit of the country people who was not reached. Prices werethe creditors of the George Alexan-' visit the city on court day and are strong, and the market showedaer &, uo. btate BanK, in this city. unable to come on any other day.The first suit was filed by former I The plan was not to use any hear.State Banking Commissioner Thos. but to allow purchases to, be madeJ. Smith, and a judgment was during those hours. It was not thegiven in favor of the Paris Bank fori wish of any of the merchants to dothe amount sued for, in the District i any thing contrary to the orders ofCouct and the Court of Appeals. ithe Fuel Comfhission. As soon asAfter it had developed that the the matter was taken up they com-j.x. -i i t-j iH-IU1 Ui bUG VU1UULUKMUUC1 XXCVVL CAJIll"ed, the Fifth-Third National Bank,of Cincinnati, took the position thatthere was no one legally qualified towhom the money should be paid.The second suit is practically thesame as the first; that the Parijbank borrowed $35,000 from theFifth-Third National Bank, and afterward overdrew its account to theextent of $8,640.37, giving theFifth-Third National Bank collateral to the amount, covering its indebtedness, which the latter bankdisposed of. The Court held thatthis transaction was illegal, inasmuch as the charter of the Alexander Bank only allowed it to assumean indebtedness of $10,000.RESIDENCE AT AUCTION TUESDAY. Read advertisement on anotherpage of sale of Withers Davis' residence Tuesday at 2 o'clock.HARRY MOREY AND GLADYSLESLIE TO-MORROW.Angered at the murder by gamewardens of one of their companions,two store villagers storm the manorof Lord Percival Cheltenham, demanding his life. They are appeasedonly when Hugh O'Donnell, blacksmith in the Irish village, promisesto turn His Lordship over to theconstables and see that justice isdone. -This is one of the stronglyportrayed scenes in "His Own People," a fascinating drama of Irishlife, of love and jealousy, weavedabout the blacksmith and a wilfulcolleen, which is the Greater Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature to beseen in the Alamo Theatre and ParisGrand to-morrow afternoon andevening. The story, is' by WilliamAddison Lathrop and the "cast of exceptional strength., being led byHarry Morey and Gladys Leslie andincluding Arthur Donaldson. -BOURBON MAN TWICE A REGISTRANT. Sid Renaker Collier, a white-man,residing near Hutchison, this county, has the distinction of havingregistered for draft service twiconce in Bourbon county and th2Fayette County Board is requestingthat his registration in Bourboncounty be allowed to stand.Collier, who is employed on theLouisville & Nashville railroad registered in Bourbon county first, buthis employer -told him he had madea mistake and would have to register in Fayette county, which he did.Collier says he is sure to be in thedraft calls from one of the counties,at least.FARMERS INVITED TO SHEEPBREEDERS' MEETING.THE BOURBON- NEWS is askedto give publicity to the followinginvitation to Bourbon county farmers, extended by Mr. R. H. Stephenson, president of the KentuckySheep Breeders' Association, to attend the coming meeting to be heldat Lexington:"All the farmers of Bourboncounty are cordially invited to bepresent January 30, during Farmers' Week at Lexington, at theSheep Breeders' meeting. This is avery important meeting and therwill be some of the best speakersavailable to interest you."TEACHERS TO MEET AT COURTHOUSE TO-MORROW.A meeting of the teachers ofBourbon county schools will be heldto-morrow morning at ten o'clockin office of County -SuperintendentJ. B. Caywood. The meeting hasbeen called for the purpose of having read the call of' President Wilson upon the teachers for the ser-ivices to the country in the time ofwar. The call, which was recentlyissued by Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder, will be explained to theteachers at this meeting.GEN. ALLE"T GOES TO FRANCEON SPECIAL DUTY.Major General Henry T. Allen, ofSharpsburg, Ky., left January 4 forthe battle front in France, where hewas sent by the U. S. Governmenton special observation duty.General Allen is the commanderof the U. S. Army at. Camp Travis.San Antonio, Texas, and is at thehead of fifty-one thousand men stationed att-he canip .there;-MERCHANTS ABANDON PLAN TOOPEN MONDAYS Ii , o.-i . .x, . ,-. . , . , .municated with State Fuel Admin-istrator Wiley Bryan, at Louisville, lowingcrop averages were reported:explaining their desires. The mes llee Craven, 6,915 pounds; aversage they sent read: "Advise at age $24.76.once whether merchants can open ' Clark & Ormes; crop averagedon Mondays without heat." $34.96.Mr. Bryan replied as - follows: Jacoby & Gray's crop brought an"Nothing to prevent merchants from average of $34.41.opening without heat on Mondays.) a. O. Robinson, 1,300 pounds; avStores selling foods may maintain erage $32.44.necessary heat until noon for the, Wheat & Hutchcraft, 2,190sale of foodstuffs only. Your patri- pounds; average $32.74. .otic duty is to comply with the or-j Henry & Ishmael, 3,880 pounds;der, spirit of which should be .average $30.95.' obeyed."After reading the telegram themerchants decided that they couldnot legally operate, and that it wastheir patriotic duty to do nothing1(which had even the semblance ofaveTage $31.17.iming contrary 10 me nictates ut meiFuel Administration.EXAMINATIONS FOR COUNTYDIPLOMAS TO-DAY ANDTO-MORROW.Examinations for diplomas forteachers of the county schools will Main street all day Wednesday,be held in the basement room of the During the period the market hasBourbon County Court House, ineen closed farmers and growersParis, to-day and to-morrow, Friday, .have been bringing their tobacco toJanuary 25, and Saturday, January market on sleds, returning with26, beginning shortly after eight fioads of coal as ballast,o'clock. f it is expected by the warehouse-The teachers of the county should men that the prices on tobacco willinsists very urgently on all their pre- be much better this week. The topared pupils taking this examina-' bacco-Js said to be in much bettertion. Especially the' ones they feel condition for handling and selling,sure are capable of doing higher The houses expect to remain openwork, as no child should lose any the rest of the season except ontime after being thoroughly prepar- Mondavs and nossibly Saturdays.ed for High School work.J. B. CAYWOOD,Supt. Bourbon County Schools.JANITOR HURT. iCharles Bishop, colored janitor atthe Masonic Temple, is another vie-tim of the icy pavements. Bishopfell on the pavement while goinghome Monday night, sustaining twobroken ribs.WE KNOW HOWDo Yon Suffer WithCOO FEET?If You Do, Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSole ShiesYour feet will never become coid and damp. 'I here isno other shoe made that will give vou the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rsts those aching feetand an invisible cork inner sole that keeos the dampnessfrom seeping in. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made' in all styles- and sizes. Black Vici Kid and Calf Skin-$9.00 PAIRThe Nettleton Shoe Ifou All KnowMany customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year aftf-r year, and forthe man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shoes he isamong our satisfied shoe customers. Nettleton Shoes holdtheir shape, and no matter how long you wear thern youwill find they hold their original shape untiLthe last bit ofwear has left them.$ 1 2,00 and $ 1 2.50MITCHELLStetson Hatsjuvioia rceajxn miMtrwori -- L jTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.The tobacco market rennenerlsome improvementThe Independent House reportedas a total for the sale of Wednesday,and which was continued to yester-day, 147,82,5 pounds disposed of, atan average of $27.53. The nextsale at this house will be held atnine o'clock this (Fridav) mornln.At the Independent sale the fnl.... ' i -' . rJ. S. Roberts and Mann Bros., 3,-490 pounds; average $30.03.Grimes & Doyle, 1,740 pounds;average $33.74.Fister & Wayland, 2,650 pounds.Boardman & Crump, 6,6iU pounds;average S30.43.Wilson & Roy, 4,245 pounds; average $30.26.Wheat & Hutchcraft, 2,195pounds; average $30.25.Receipts of tobacco continuedheavy for the Thursday sale, heavilyloaded waeons and sleds passing upEGGS OUT OF SIGHT.C-iEggs on the Paris'jnarket are literally "but -of sight, the ruling -price-yesterday being seventy cents perdozen. -Some grocers say it is ira-possible to get eggs at any price,Dealers believe the situation wXll berelieved when the roads get in suchshape' that farmers can get theircountry produce to market.C2:2BLAKEMORE" Manhattan SfllrtsREFUSED TO RELEASE ALLEGEDAUTO. THIEVES.Extradition was refused two negroes, Elmer Reed and Lester Douglas, in the County Court, Wednesday, by County Judge George Batterton. Their return had been asked by the Indianapolis, Ind., authorities, as they were wanted there ona charge of stealing an auto from anmaianapons garage.Reid and Douglas were arrestednear Paris several days ago by Chiefof Police Fred Link, who suspectedthem of being guilty of stealingvaluable auto robes belonging toMr. John Wiggins and Mr. CharltonAlexander, from aT local livery stable, where the machine had beenleft. The negroes confessed, Anautomobile in which they "were riding when arrested, proved tohavebeen stolen, and Investigation located the- owners in Indianapolis.After the testimony was all inJudge Batterton refused to grantthe request for their return to Indianapolis, and held them over toappear before the grand jury at thenext term -of the Bourbon CircuitCourt. For this reason the Courtrefused to send them to Indianapolis.The negroes were willing to return,and agreed to waive the formalityof the usual requisition papers.At the time of heir arrest themen confessed that they were wantedin Indianapolis to testify againsta man named Lambert, who, theystated, was at the head of an organized gang of auto theives. Theysaid they were connected with thogang and that the arrest of Lambertled to the finding of fifteen stolenautomobiles and one hundred andeighty stolen tires.W. T. Young and Frank Graham,of Indianapolis, prominent autodealers and both members of theCity Council, came to Paris, Wednesday, and drove back in ,the stolen machine, which was fully identified as being the property of Mr.Graham.IQCAL FARMERS TO GET MI' TRATE. --Notice has heen given to Lewis 3.Robbins, Agricultural Aent forBourbon county that the U. S. Department of Agriculture, will sell atcost a supply of nitrate of-soda tofarmers in Bbuf Done,Ouhtyr"rt'The nitrate was purchasedthrough the War Industries Boardunder the authority of the FoodControl Act as a part of the program for stimulating agriculturalproduction. It will be unloaded atAtlantic ports and the price will be$75.00 a ton, free on board cars atport of arrival. Farmers are to pain addition freight from port of arrival and the State fertilizer tagfee. 'Applications for a part of the100,000 tons of nitrate, bought bythe government will be receivedonlv from actual farmers or ownerso holders of farms for use on theirland, and may be made throughCounty Agent Lewis S. Robbins, orthrough anv member of aTlooa.1 committee consisting of George Batterton. J. B: C. C, D. D. Cline or theAgricultural Bank.No monev will be required withthp amplication, but upon noticefrom the Countv Ascent, farmers whohave signed applications must deposit with- the local bank, 'association or individual, designated by thaSecretary of Agriculture to actashe farmers' agent for that purpose,mnnev to cover the cost of the ferti-I lizer except the freight charge. After the money is transmitted to' Washington the nitrate will Tr shipped to the farmers, if applications1 for fhe nitrate exceed the supply ofabout 3 00,000 tons the governmentwiU allot the snnply on a pro rataba"'R ?mong those who appjled. Applications mut be deceived by February 4.TJHB0T c,fr"yrR,JVS ATD SAILOPv TT SERVICE.tt respops o the request as outlined in a p-evious issue of THT3NBS thre has been sent to theoffice the following for the roster:H. F. F.vemian, North MHUe-o--member C. F. Second Regiment, Camp De'vey, Great Lake?xTa.Tl- Training Station, GreatLake, 111.,Tese J. Harris, Paris; memberOuartArmaster's Corps, Ft. JosephB. Johnson, Jacksonville, Florida;nnf iv 1-, rs. l. d. Harrl3.Tarenlisted at Lexington, Ky.W t -homas, Paris: enHsdat Lexington, Ky., Jjme 25, 1916;-member Co. Cr 149th Infantry,Camp Shelby Hattiesburg, Miss.;! son of Mr. and Mr. Wm. C. Thomas,of Paris; native of Bath county.I Lawrence H. James, Sergt., Co.I., Third Texas Infantry; age 24;''enlisted May 10, 1916; son of Mrs.fMpllie James, Paris; Ky.J Cornelius (Buddy) James; son ofMrs. 'Mollis Jamejv Paris, Ky., now' "somewhere- on " the. Atlantic; enawiftly 4ow& th freceet emftne.listed jnJtheTJ. -Savyr; April 17r other- ptits i. tkeegi"' tkiOTCE:Operations under Governmemulorders was begun in Paris, Mondrby the two local flour millfmc com"aE.F. Spears & Sons, botherwhich have practically been owaiting orders for several montbeThe Government food commissioners placed certain restrictionupon the milling interest of. thacountry, which when applied locally, will cause considerable losses tothese two plants. It is said that Ithe future the mills will have, taconform to a policy of nni,u-.I the local trade only, and that ther.. umpenea-to call their traveling representatives off the "roaAmong, the., many restrictions applil .ed by the Government in its paof control is to limit the future capacity of the mills to the ayerazamount of wheat per day ground for'the years 1915 and 1916. Thirtyper cent, of this output is to be subject to sale to the Government." Thamount of wheat left over from thaverage grind of the three yearabove mentioned is to be takenover by the Government and shipp-ito points where there is an "actualshortage of both grain and flour.Commission merchants of Pariahave been asked by the Governmentto send In a list of farmers whohave wheat in stock. A representative of the Government who was ImParis last week is said to have notified the farmers to dispose of theirwheat at the price fixed by theGovernment, so as to bring it to th "market to be converted into flourIt is said that at least 30,000 bushels of wheat was in the hands of thafarmers, which has now gone forvward to the markets.The milling people state thatthere will be plenty of flour in thamarket- for. local consumption, anithat there will be no shortage here,THE WEATHER.The weather in this vicinity remains very much the same as far athe accumulations of ice and snovrare concerned. Yesterday the temperature took a little rise outthe weather man, with a promise-ofsnow or rain. Conditions on thecountry roads are improving. Ik thcity snow and ice continue- to jbJc ""walking a very difficult ramttd-From the gutters of business houek"depend great icicles, while dowa,spouts are frozen until htey resem-in Mammoth Cave. The mercurin Mammoth Cave. The Mercuryyesterday registered in the vicinitjof twenty twenty above zero.The telephone men from both thaCumberland and Home offices a re,still having their troubles with, linesthroughout this section. The snp-rand ice frozen on the wires has.broken them down in many parts ofthe county. Despite this quicrwork by the telephone constructionmen has kept up communication between Paris and the outside world.The thaw yesterdaw gUve an opportunity for business men to makein effort toward removing the icerrom the pavement 3. The sound of -Lheshovel and spade and other ,kinds of implements was heard allday as the wielders endeavored tolear the pavements. In some places the ice had formed to a thick--nessof three inches oa the pav7ments, caused by successive jthawaand freezes.Snow has been on the ground fahis section continuously- since the4th day of November. The neavz"now now covering the ground Jellon December 8, but at that timahere was still left a light corerimsof snow that fell on" November 24.1 m"LEGISLATOR WANTS TO KMQUTABOUT USELESS OFFICES.Representative J. Wood Vamce,Democrat, of Barren county, offereda resolution in the House at FnuOcfort, Wednesday, providing for minvestigation into the various departments of the State Goverasrat,reciting the pledge of the Democraticplatform on which Governor StamW7 "was elected, that useless om -wouldbe abolished, stating- tht tt ;was proposed to create other oWkomand that other offices had beea. eraated by the legislature two ytiri,-"ago. rThe resolution provides for tW-appointment of a Joint committee -whichshall investigate the number "and salaries attached to these acesL who are the holders and: rett.du.uk. 10 me assemDiy notisier tar.February 20.fc m mpine coasting:Devotees of the sport -of coMttiJJTnave had great sport the laaC ?. ' ""days, especially on Parrish afwrnt fin Henry Division. At thte 9tetlarge number of people gatherand' put in" many kowrs gfcWUMTMruvvjCiiuyimjiNT TO TAKEOUTPUT OF MILLS.' t".'.. 'v - - 5- --- V'-'s-"" r , j?'k- "". Sl ? ' "-'y zz " iO - - -5J.. , . . . - vt- .:" " tT PWs Jw0. - r "3, t-ii. . . "--- 4L - .fJSTSPiPii jjifjJ!T-rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JAHVARXvf&V)-,fi?S-Xr ft;'S--feIksJv. 1As$liME BOURBON NEWSWished 188135 Yean oftinuout Publication.Con"bllshed Every Tuesday tnd Friday.r-Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... ?1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CtlAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the taiIinS witu a nicety, that makes forcharacter, standing or reputation of tne completest satisfaction. Andy person, firm or corporation which you go home that-night with a p retway appear in the columns of THE ty well defined idea that it hasrtcted if brought to attention of theeditor.wr-rJ.w., .r nrxxi uo 6ia.uijr wiADVERTISING RATES.Display Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incn'Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.-Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.JThe right of publisher Is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by"the cash.ei9Pihri j rfzj m?:2f .' i.2 XT3C23S"l .-:is-'i-s-T' ska"SCXT1 fc-,BiKSCVJ?,iVxj;. SntfjGsaVst -SF--.ES51-,EDITOEIAE MUSINGS..TheJSni of a Meatless Day.I have eaten a baleOf spinach -and kale,f 'And I've never raised a row;I have swallowed a can'Of moistened branAnd I feel like a brindle cow;1 -am taking a snackProm the old haystackIn the evening shadows 'gray,And I'm glad, you bet,At last to getIT6 the end of a meatless day.l 1Peat of Memory.We can remember as far back aspfche'time whensa bachelor couldf32rn up four weeks in a- hospital35 findvescape marrying the lady whosiursed him back to home andmother.Here and There a Little-- Dobs it seem a very little thingJfto observe a wheatless or a meat"less day? Remember that a millionor -so little things can make something which can no longer be described. In the window of a res" taurant which is but one of a big, t -chain of -such establishments thereis hanging this announcement:"With the co-operation of our pat-rpns on the last wheatless day this- v chainof restaurants saved 8,000loaves of white bread-; releasing that-amount of wheat to feed our soldiers.and allies.'l It was many littless .that made possible that saving forijxe men who are fighting our bat- :thBB' for us in the Old World. Istherelany room for the grumbler- 9J -ue growler in this country, whocannot see why he shold be com-' "spelled to observe the days that have" ' jfeeen ser apart by the Government?v; list Your Soldier or Sailor., Ihanother issue THE NEWS outlined a plan that is being observedelsewhere for obtaining a completeroster of the soldiers and sailorsfrom this city and county who aref serving their country in other lands,v v -or who are at present in the train-. ing campi of the United States. Therrplah in itself is a very feasible one,v .iild one that" is tiapable of doing aninfinite amount of good. Thei H friends and relatives of these boys:-are earnestly asked to supply uswith the names and addresses of.'tSeir friends and relatives in the'army and navy. We desire to keepfhe roster complete and up-to-date,&nd to that end, ask the co-opera--tion of every one in the city or'coiuaty who would be interested in"the matter. We would wish to haveReported to usv promptly every"" Vftiange of rank and address. All whoSa$fe not listed their friends ands reilitiyes are requested to do so at--' o5e. Some of the churches have"'laegun the work with an honor rollfrom "th. membership cof their congregations, but THE NEWS wishesXto'Jlave a complete oster, regard -.m of color, religion, or any other-Mtideration .save that outlined' -Mbpve. Will you help us?f The Personal Equation., Possibly 3rou have noticed the- Try material difference betweenV 'da; 'how .some cf them are filledih "smoothly-flowing accomplish-tv&d 4ftMv-ome-oft V '..- .- I ( vv ,. . - . . laftviw- 5,. , rtJ- . V . -.-. -,-. - - r . r- - TSnjt. iaiHk .- - - -J5X.if - rii-..- j ri&s?& && :3lcu svL, . -Z' -i&&i&r ty2? - v - VrOS' x '4 -J J'Vj?' 3 iSmjl :-S M,cluttered, oip .with exactly just thereverse? Jus,tso " lYou get up in the morningsome- mornpS and begin by telling, yourself that life is a joV. YourJ home is the best home ever. Yourwife and children are just right.You are a lucky man things arogoing along just right. So you. tellyourself. You go down town to1 your business. You begin the de-Ul !.- J i- r..wn ui ituutuei uu,y a wont. lmngsi wjiuc tstujiiy aitu uuiuraiiy. runing! along one after another and dove-- Deen a pretty sroon uav tnat it's apretty good old world.But there are other days .Andfrom the rising of the sun until thegoing down thereof nothing goesright, or at least seems to go right,at least as far as your own littlenarrow path is concerned. Folks. gci, in juui a,y j'uu ucvei iiucbefore that there were sp manystupid, cantankerous people in theworld. Everything snarls up andties in hard knots. For all yourtugging and straining you seem toget no where. And you tell yourself, homeward bound from yourwork,' that it has been one awfulday; that it is a rotten world, andthat life is by no means what it iscracked up to be. But just what, after all, constitutes the difference inthese days? Days are pretty jmuchall alike. They each one have theireight or nine or ten hours for work,and what is left over can be used insleep or amusement, if you so desire. . xIsn't it really our fault, Mr. Men.that we fall over our own feet allday long on those "other days?"Wasn't the difference just in yourself, and the way you. got up in themorning? It's that personal equation that makes most of the difference in the days. The reason whysome days are golden and some daysare leaden lies largely in the waywe face the days.Think it over. Let's learn to makeadjustments of self as to weatherand to "folks" and to our tasks.And let's learn to make these adjustments without friction. Beingthe same good fellow day after daycheerful, courteous helps a fellow to get a grip on himself and tokeep it there through the long day.And remember the truest thing inthe world to-day, is that you cannot bully your way through theworld. The cheerful, courteous manwilL outstrip you as sure as the sunrises and sets. Therefore, it is thatgood grip on our passions, ourtongues and our tempers that willbe'depended upon to take us throughthese days, and those "other days,"also.His Last Act.For some time a Paris boy, Mr.Clark Wilson, was employed in oneof the big munitions factories atDayton, Ohio, engaged in makingshells and other explosives for thearmies of the Allies and our own,Clark naturally picked up manygood stories as he heard them fromthe workmen. While in Paris onhis recent-visit he told oneMo THENEWS man:"One of the bes't stories I heardwhile in Dayton was one told by on?of the workmen who had been employed in the big works at Milton,Pa., where several boys from Parishad been employed at differenttimes. It seems that there hadbeen an explosion at cue of theneighboring factories, and the manager, who had been enjoying a briefholiday at the time, hurried back toinvestigate. "How in the worlddid it happen?" he asked the foreman, as he viewed Ihe wreck. "Whowas to blame?" "Well, -you see,sir, "'was the reply, "it was likethis. "Bill went into the mixingroom, probably thinking of something else, and struck a match bymistake. He " "Struck a match!"exclaimed the manager, in amazement. "I should have thought itwould have been the very last thingon earth that he would .do!" "Itwas, sir!" replied the workman.laYOU CAN'T JBIND ANYDANDRUFF, AND HAIRSTOPS COMING OUTSave Your Hair! Make - It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and BeautifulAt Once.Try asyou will, after an application of Danderine, you can not finda single trace of dandruff or fallinghair and- your scalp will not itch,but what will please you most willbejaiter a few weeks' use, when yousee new hair, fine and downy atjfirst yes but really new hairgrowing aL.over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, -faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and carefully drawit through your hair, taking one!small strand at a time. The effectis immediate and amazing yourhair will be light, fluffy and wavy,and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lusrc, softness and luxuriance, the beauty anlI shimmer of true hair health.Get a small bottle of KnowltonsDanderine from any drug sto're ortoilet counter, and prove that .'yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injur-led by careless, treatment A smaltt?ll linffln thrill ilnnkU 4-K l.nn..x.trial bottle will double the beautyBIG IfflfiS HME-4World War WastesMeat Supply.EuTODG'SAmerican Stock Raisers Co-operateWith Food Administration In Conservation Measures.It is probable that Europe for manyyears after the war will lopk to agreat extent to America for its meatsupply. NEurope's herds are dwindling underwar's demands faster than they can bereplenished. hWhen the German armies retiredfrom occupied portions of France andBelgium approximately l.SOO.OOO headof cattle were appropriated. This addition virtually safeguarded Germanyfrom cattle shortage other nations nowsuffer.In England some 2,400,000 acres' ofgrass lands have by compulsory measures been forced into grain production,thus reducing pasturage and hay lands.A declining scale of maximum meatprices for live cattle was ordained inEngland, as follows: For September,17.76 per hundred pounds; October,$17.28; November ' and December,$16.08, and for January, $14.40. Theevident intent of this measure was todrive the beef animals into market assoon as possible.According to official French figures,the cattle of France have decreased toa total of 12,341,900 as compared with14.S07.000 in 1913. Today, due to lackof forage principally, France is producing only one gallon of milk wherebefore the war two and one-half galIons were produced.Meantime the United States- food administration has taken steps to conserve our flocks and herds and to increase their numbers. The stock breeders of this country show a dispositionto co-operate with the government inthis.For jnany years it has been" a practice among many of the dairy peopleof this country to kill male calves atbirth and in many instances the females if not needed to replenish theirherds rather than go to the expense ofmaturing them into veal. The highprices of meat caused the virtual discontinuance of this killing. Anotherencouraging fact is 75 per cent of-calves killed for veal this year weremales.Somebody has very aptly said thatthe wars of the world have been wonwith grease, meaning that bacon andlard haye been as essential to successin .war as powder, which is true.The hogs of Europe have been verygreatly sacrificed to present day needs.This makes the American burden allthe more heavy and makes doubly essential an increased pork productionIn this nation. In Italy grain is nowforbidden to be fed to hogs. In Denmark under a recent order one-fourthof the hogs were ordered to be killed.It is estimated, that one-half have nowbeen killed.SEIZURE OF HOUSEWIVES'FOOD STOCKS IMPOSSIBLETho government has never considered any plan of seizing foodstuffsowned by householders. Nor is thereany policy of this kind suggested forthe future.In spite' of this fact, the UnitedStates food administration has beenobliged repeatedly to issue official denials of rumors that the governmentintends commandeering preserves andcanned goods put up in Americanhomes. JThese rumors were originated partlyby pro-German propagandists and partly by conscienceless grafters, whosought to profit through buying frommisinformed housewives.The year 1918 will see home canningand preserving practiced on greaterscale than ever before In the nation'shistory, oiflcials in Washington believe.'And thej are assuring all "patriotichousewives that foods so saved are.theirs, and theirs alone.NUTRITIOUS CORN BREAD.4ZiZS&4gx i.erfWI&as&.v.'.iTC-.W- t-53One New York hotel has arranged!a thoroughly patriotic corn breadrecipe. It combines cornmeal withrye flour, both of which are being consumed "in greater quantities this yearIn 'order to release wheat flour for theallied nations. This recipe fills alarge pan 16 by 22 inches and contains the following ingredients: Onequart milk, four ounces butter substitute, ten ounces light syrup or honey,three eggs, pinch salt, two poundscornmeal, one pound ryefiour and twoounces baking powder.The butter and syrupoire thoroughly mixed. Then add the eggs gradually, pour in th milk, then add; the ryeflour mixed with the, onuneal. andbaking powder. Bake-hrm-not crem(i:gM6gKcesag&uSxs.tS39U 'WTCtS13HK!v3C&SKKzs?m2&zsxgasvv '?.y ,..-' 5TPretect CurtaintrAt the bottom 'of your6drpom curtains put sfnali snapsand np asfar as you can reach "put snap eyes. Atnight hook the bottom of the curtainsup to prevent them from "blowing outI after the windows are opened. Do thesame with the portieres when you aresweeping the floors or dusting.ye-StraiIllnessIs plain to be seen in th.e weakened and irritated appearance of theeyes; the persistent and distressingheadaches; pains in temples or forehead; blurring together of letters;that frown which is beginning tospoil the face: Together vith these,there is the effect on the generalhealth, which is great in manycases. Let me give you the benefitof my several years' daily experience'in expert eye testing- and correctfitting'-of glasses for eye-strain in allils"forms. Yours for better ejeoight. DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 47. 520 Main St.Master's SaleOFHouse and Lot!BOURBON CIRCUITjCOURT.Jane Cros's Admx., Etc PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.James Bedineer DefendantAt the Court HouseParis, Kentucky, ondoor,inPEBRUARY 2. 1918,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., the undersigned Master Commissioner will sell the Jane Cros houseand lot on Bally Paton Street, inParis, Kentucky, on the credits ofsix and twelve months. The purchasers to execute bonds with goodsurety drawing six per cent, interest from date of sale.See handbills.. O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.jal825-feTjl)Master's Sale of HouseJOHN J. RICE, Etc., 7. . . .VS. Notice of Sale.TILLIE RICE, ETC.,Under and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the NoveniTjer, 1917, term of theBourbon Circuit Court-in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned H a s t e r Commissioner, onSATURDAY, Fat about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., at the front door of" the Court House, in Paris, Kentucky, will sell'at public auction to the highest and best bidder,, the following dfescxibfid property, to-wit:A certain house and lot situated in North Middletown, Bourbon. County, Ky., and bounded as''' folio vs: Beginning at a corner of the South side of Main Cross Street in said town, in the west- J1 ern extremity thereof, and running thence with Main Street west to the line of the property occupied by J. G. Miller (in August, 1897,) r thence South with the line of said Miller to the lineof lot occupied by TV. T. Allen; thence East with said Allen's line to said Main Cross Street;: thence .with said Cross Street to the beginning, being the same property conveyed to Samuel Riceby Matthew D. Hume, by deed of record in the office- of the- Clerk of the Bourbon County Court, v " "Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bonds with' good surety- to- be approved by the Master Commissioner, for-' equal parts of the purchase money, due six and twelve months from date of sale respectively, and bear--ing interest at the rate. of six per cent, per annum from, date of sale until paid, said bonds to hYe the-force and effect of judgments, with a lien retained upon tlie property to secure payment of came.Said sale is made for the purpose of v division among the parties in interest. -6. T. HINTON, ""jyi. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer. Master Commissioner Bourbcn Circuit Courts(JanlS-25Febl)Master Commissioner's Sateof Store Room and Dwelling at Plum Lick,BOURBON ORCU2T COURT.BICHAKD EVERMAK'S ABME., &C, . ." E5JaNTISl?3y VS. Notice of Sale.SAEAH E VEEHAH. &C, SkEaESIllAHTSTinder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the Eoveinber term Ifn? of tw.BourbonrCircuit Court, in the abovesioner wm, onSATURDAY, JANUARY 26, 1918scil a public auction to the higest and best bidder, the following described property : vBeginning at a point near tno center or, the turnpike, corner to Ben Doyle and G. Cunninand running therefrom S 53 TV 8.32 poles to a point near the center oKthe nike corner ? 'hamsaid Doyle; thence S 29 E 5.88 pqles to the point in the stone fe'nco, corner to -Wilson- thence rc664 'E 12.82 poles to a walnut tree, corner to Wilson; thence IT 57 W. 10.45 poles to the be "ginning, containing, 71.94. square poles, and being the same lot conveyed to R A k.Bm,n u t"" -T. Wilson and wifeBy deed recorded in Deed Book 90, page 46 inTJrt,inTi nmintv rmirt, Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or Durchflrc w-required to execute two bonds with good surety to be .approved, by the Commissioner dnV q? -3SEmonths fl&m date of sale respectively and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent nSrvZnSdate of sale until paid, with a lien retained" upon the property to further secure their 7S uSbonds to have the force and effect of judgments, or the purchaser will have the priviletre rf S 2fentire purchase money in cash instead of executing bonds. . Said sale is made for the nnrnW f cSSLSrthe Hen indebtedness of the plaintiff in the sum of Six Hundred Dollars ($0)0.00) wianer rf ?est from March 10, 1915, ' until paid and the costs of this action and sale, the bmfb 2h2Sas of the date of sale at $775.0Q, and for the further purpose of settling the estate' of KiS ES?deceased. - ' - aa,mm tr; KPNNEY. Auctioneer.?!",T" "&-. --T?Jv.r....Ar-V-- . Vi-a-iOLtf-iVSI. KnllilOftK. ff'TAS? "-"' . --& -v -Th j 'ilwlie toriptwe.Hency,aatr1 ySaay scnooi ciass bof boys, t rern ..ureeK, is.j., wnoseages range from ten' to fourteen, memorized' in one week 165 verses of Scripture. FORSALEHandsome "set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. -Set is finished in mission ana! is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS .office. Bothphones 124. (tf)Lublic SaleBUSINESS PROPERTYI will sell at public auction, on thepremises, at 1329 Main Street, onMONDAY,' FEBRUARY 4, 1918,at about 11:30 a. m., the brick business house now occupied by the ParisGarage.This building is a modern twostory brick building, facing 39.6feet on Main Street, and runsthrough the entire block to HighStreet, being equal wfdth throughout, the building covering the entirelot.-This is an excellent business location, having for years been rentedcut profitably. The rear of the building is on the Paris Interurban carline, making the unloading and loading of freight from the- rear of thebuilding, to' and from the interurban Icars, most convenient, and effectinga considerable saving to the occupant of the building in drayagecharges. Has gas, water and electric lights:The second floor of the building Isfitted up into a commodious andmodern flat, equipped" with water,gas and electric lighes, and which- isalso a substantial revenue' producer.For further information, apply tothe undersigned.TERMS One-third cash, the- balance in equal payments due and payable in one and two years fromdate, said' deferred payments to bear6 per cent. ihterestMrom said saledate.SAM' CLAY, Agent,or A. B. HANCOCK,"(18-5t) Paris, Ky:7srs ?ttlitltillBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTY 2,styled action therein pending, theO.Mutter Commiislotyr.lturbon C!rtj v i v , kr-1-N,Public SaMw ---OF-Stock, Crop, Farm Implements, Etc.I will sell at public auction, at"Vmy residence, four miles from Paris,Ky., on the Redmon pike, promptlyat ten o'clock, a. m., onWednesday, Jan. 30, 1918,the following described property, allof which will positively' be soldwithout reserve or by-bidding:One 8-year-old mule, works anyplace;One 4-year-old mare mule, goodone and good worker;One 8-year-old work horse;.One 4-year-old work horse;One 5-year-old buggy horse, winwork anywhere; xTen good young milch cows, allbred; some will be fresh in shorttime;Eight yearling -steers; " ,Eight calves; weaned;One bull;One good brood sow, bred;One good gilt, bred;Three shoats, will weigh abbufr100 pounds each; - ?-One Deering Binder;One tobacco setter, gpod as new;,One Deering Mower; nTwo riding cultivators;One disc harrow;One corn planter, good as new;Two breaking, plows;One bull rake;One sulky rake; 'One grain drill;One sled;One 3 Mitchell wagon anilframe; -Two good rubber tire -buggies;One steel-tired Tockaway good,one; 'One set good buggy harness;One good tarpaulin, large size;About 80 barrels of, corn in crib; ,About 5 tons mixed hay, baled;About 50 shocks of foider;One-half Interest in about 15 acresof wheat on the farm;Turkeys, ducks, soma householdgoods and kitchen furniture, andother things too numerous to mention-2Terms will be made known on dayof the sale.MRS. CHAS. C. COLLINS.Geo- IX Speakes, Auctioneer.and Lot!. .PLAUfTDPTS.DEFENDANTS1913undersigned Hester. CommitS-Npike, copier toTiTvorTM o t i-r tthe office of the flpri- op tTk OX tneNT. WIlMTrfci xv'4-efrItX'Fm. v'V : - - -w 'jm" -m m" r. . r Cz.' , J-f- s.-' T -Xk . -, - ':- .-Y:-v -. -- '-V.- -V -..': riff ' 4U:-. ';'- -'I-.-. ? -.- ;V - -"U--v""' -..yFRIDAY. JANUARY 25, 191St- .?HKOURBPN fskwOAkiSir'r,V-ii -f- -S -iAyHUSBANDSAVES WIFEFrom Suffering by GettingHer Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Pittsburgh, Pa." For many months"I was not able to do my work owing toa weakness whichcaused backacheand headaches. Afriend called myattention to one ofyour newsDaoeradvertisements andimmediately myhusband boughtthree bottles ofLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound 'for me.After taking twoDottles 1 felt fineand my troubles caused bv that weak-ness are a thing of the past. All womenwho suffer as I did should try Lvdia E.rmkham's Vegetable Compound."Mrs. Jas. Rohrberg, 620 Knapp St,N. S., Pittsburgh, Pa.Women who suffer from any form ofweakness,asindicatedbydisplacements,inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or".the blues," should accept Mrs. Romberg's suggestion and give Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound athorough trial.For over forty years it has beencorrecting such ailments. If you havemysterious complications write foradvice to Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass.Freak Cluster of Corn.E. D. Leonard of Clarendon, Vt, recently exhibited a freak of nature ina cluster of" ears of corn numberingabout 20. While all are small and onlypartly developed, the kernels on eachare ripe and of normal size. The cluster resembles a bunch of small bananas. All the ears grew from a single stalk.MARGOLEN'SFreshFish.Of All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketProfessional Cards.-WM. GRANNANv Attorney-it-Liwv ROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGdffflVM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'LBANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.GAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.(F mm hAMAZINGLYSOIMBOH POULTRY KEKtDYi AlewdrcjwSnthe'trJnkia; vtI 4lce3lCF.luii2 of uiedlfijjir At'drofuitt iIt mail int.r- taUl. Foultry Lpok free-rtn re;i..btf RCaill SE&E3 59., Uxingloa, Kv.(tillfeb. 1)J0M WHITE fc CO.(.UttVfLLE.KY.-m4 full value paidtrFURSV-"- GT4C-1U-F).fett.SnkB'KjHr CjW"UNIUSTEDIABLE DISTORTIONOF TRUTH," SAYS, WILSON.WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. In oneof the most vigorous statements,ever issued from the "White House,President Wilson, Monday night,branded as an "unjustifiable distortion of the truth" the speech of Senator Chamberlain, of Oregon, inNew York, last Saturday night assailing the Administration's warpolicy.When the President's attentionwas called" to the speech made bySenator Chamberlain, at a luncheon inNew York, on Saturday, heinquired immediately of SenatorChamberlain whether he had beenreported correctly and on ascertain-Sfrom the Senator that he hadbeen,the President made the following statement:"Senator Chamberlain's statementas to the present inaction and ineffectiveness of the Government isan astonishing and absolutely unjustifiable distortion of the truth."As a matter of fact, the WarDepartment has performed a task'of unparalleled magnitude anddifficulty witn extraordinarypromptness and efficiency. Therehas been delay and disappointmentand partial miscarriages of plans,all of which liave been drawn intothe foreground and exaggerated bytheHEvestigations which have beenin progress since the Congress assembled investigations which" drewindispensible officials of the department constantly away- from theirwork and officers from their commands and contributed a great dealto such delay and confusion as hadinevitably arisen. But the comparison with what has been accomplished, these things, much as theywere to be regretted, were insignificant, and no mistake has beenmade which has been repeated.Nothing helpful or likely to speed or,facilitate the war tasks of the Government has come out of such criticism and investigation."I understand that reorganizations by legislation are to be proposed I have not been consultedabout them and have learned ofthem only at second hand, but theirproposals came after effective measures of reorganization had beenthoughtfully and' maturely perfected, and, inasmuch as these measureshave been the result of experience,they are much mroe likely than anyothers to be effective, if the Congress will but remove the few statutory obstacles of rigid departmental organization which stands intheir way."The legislative proposals I haveheard of would involve long additional delays and turn our experience into mere lost motion. My association and constant conferencewith the Secretary of War ,havetaught me to regard him as. one ofthe ablest public officials I haveever known. The country will soonlearn whether heor his critics, understand the business in hand."To add, as Senator Chamberlain did, that there is Inefficiency ineery department and bureau of theGovernment, is to -show such, ignorance of actual conditions as tomake it impossible to attach anyimportance to his statement. I ambound to- infer that that statementsprang out of opposition to the Administration's whole policy ratherthan out of any serious intention toleform its practice."fe IS laSPRAINS! RTJB PAINSAND SWELLING AWAY.Don't Suffer! Go About Yourties Relief Comes the Moment You Apply "St. Ja' cob's Liniment."Du-Don't stay crippled! .Rub thir.soothing, penetrating liniment rightinto the sprain, ache or strain, andout comes pain, soreness, stiffnesjand swelling.Nothing else penetrates, healsand strengthens the . injured muscles, nerves, tendons and ligamentsso promptly. It. doesn't burn or discolor the skin and .can not causeinjury. Don't suffer! Get a smallbottle from any drug store nowlimber, up! R"ub the misery rightout. A moment after "St. Jacob'sLiniment" is applied you can notfeel the slightest pain or soreness,and you can go about your regularduties."St. Jacob's Liniment" conquerspain. It has been used effectivelyforsprains, strains, soreness andstiffness for 60 years six goldmedal nwards. ' (adv)TS te TProphecy Came True.A tory is told to the effect that Simon Bolivar, when he was a child ofseven, had for a playmate in Spain,a boy of about his own age named Ferdinand, the future Spanish King. Oneday, while"" engaged in a game of battledore and shuttlecock, a stroke byyoung Bolivar knocked the cap fromFerdinand's head. Whereupon an oldnurse, who witnessed the occurrence,and who was deemed a soothsayer, declared that some day Bolivar wouldknock the 'crown from the king's .head.Which feat he certainly did accomplish,so far as South America was concerned. HhKBAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP!L-iMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used cnamberlain's Cough, Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had ahard cold and coughed most of thetiine. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up theNcold in a'few days, and the cough, entirelydisappeared. I havetold many ofmy friends of the good I receivedthrough using this me'dicinefaiicl all'who' have used it speak .ptit in thehighost terms."- ' ObtaikSble everywhere. ' . - . ,- T. ' - ;(aiv-fh)SOcfA-AJND PEUSONAl..Comings and Goings of Our- People Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Stanley Price was a guestof friends and relatives in Cincinnati, Monday. xMiss Maude Wilson was a guestseveral days this week of relativesin "Winchester.Mrs. I. L. Price is in Chicago,asa guest of her daughter, Mrs.Cairoll A. Teller and Mr.. Teller.-jMrs. Elizabeth Beasley, of ClintonviHe, has as guest her daughter,Mrs. Ray Harris, of Tulsa, Okla-noma.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Richardsentertained Monday at their homein White Addition for a party offriends.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Rogers' sister, Mrs. J. M. Alverson, inGeorgetown.Mrs. Brown Lee Yates and-son,of Paris,, are visiting the family ofMr. J. Collins Yates, at Bashfield,in Madison county.Mr. and Mrs. James Adair havereturned to their home at Mayslick,in Mason county, af,ter a visit to rehatives in this county.Withers Davis and I. L. Priceattended the meeting of the Kentucky Retail Clothiers' Association,held in Louisville, Wednesday.Mrs. Willis Liver and son,Willis Rash Liver, of near Clintonville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Warren A. Bacon, near Demopolis,Alabama.- Mr. Frank Farmer, of Harriman, Tenn., is a guest of his wife,who is visiting her parents, -Mr.and Mrs. James W. Early wine, , onMain streetMiss Nannie Brent O'Neill leftyesterday for Dayton, Ohio, whereshe will take a position as stenographer in the office v of a large insurance company.Miss Evelyn Smith, of nearParis, has resigned her position nthe Fayette National -Bank at Lexington, and has accepted a positionin the Farmers' Bank, at Clintonville. Miss Mayme Fitzgerald, a popular member of the Cumberland Telephone Co.'s operating force, whohas been very ill at her home onSouth Main street for several weeks,is improving.Mrs. J. Curtis McShane, formerly of Paris, sustained brokenbones of the right wrist by a fall onthe icy pavement in Cleveland,Ohio, recently. Mrs. McShane hasmany warm friends in Parfe, whowill regret to learn of her accident.Miss Jessie Spencer, of Lexington," who had been a guest of hersister, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, Jr.,went back to Lexington- for a fevdays' stay. Miss Spencer returnedyesterdayr and will be a guest ofMr. and Mrs. Ardery, whose childrenare ill with the whooping coughMisses Elizabeth and CharlotteHenry were recent hostesses at theirhome on Cypress street at a houseparty composed of the following:young peoples Misses Sarah GayleFurnish, Frances Reagan and Tommie Johnson, of Georgetown, andPatsy Clark, Charlina Ball andVirginia Cook, of Paris, and MissesJohn Henderson, Olin Jennings, Jas..Moss, ' Harry Moore and -ForrestRagsdale.(Other Personals on Page 5)Drying Food.The process "of drying" as means ofpreserving food for storage possessesgreat advantages over canning andcold storage, while employing practically every advantage obtained bythose agencies, says a food specialist.Dehydration greatly diminishes boththe bulk and weight of the material,making it both easier and cheaper tostore and transport. The food valueis concentrated, while, at the same timepreservation is secured by the removalof the water.Russia Originally Democratic.Six hundred 3retirs .ago it was the oldRussia thatarose out of Rurik theNorman's conquests and had its capital at Kiev. There were czars andoverlords after a fashion. But the"real government of Russia was in themarket place at Kiev and of everylittle town and village on the greatwide steppes, where on the greatalaysof the year the people gathered together, warriors, traders, women, too,chose their local officials. The originalheart of Russia wris democratic to thecore.Could Live onYThe exotic butBananas Alone.always accessiblebanana is essentially sanitary nogerms can touch it. Like the apple, itcan be served raw or cooked to pleasethe most capricious palate. Like theonon, it provides the highly necessarymineral salts. And, like meat and-niilk, it has a high fuel value slightlyless than thejme, slightly more thanthe other. Man cannot live by breadalone, but he eoulaVby bananas alone!if he had to.Grave Insult. -Mrs.Kawler "Then you and youngMr. Sharp are not on speaking termsany more?" Mrs. Blunflerby "No, indeed. The last time T met him I told.hinrmy husband had locomotive atack-'sla, and-the yot&g whlppersnapple had..the impuderice-to ask if.li. whiattoclatEATS ANY KIND "r.rUDU DiflutTAKING TANLAGKentucky Woman Tells How TanlaePut Stomach. Back in-Shape."It used to be that eating foodlike beans, cabbage or onions wouldmake me sick at my stomach, butsince I've been taking Tanlae x caneat anything I want," said Mrs.Mary Hunter, 110 Gray street, Louisville.Ky. "I always had gas in my stomachafter eating before L-tried Tanlae,and I'd feel bloated," Mrs. Huntercontinued. "My appetite was verypoor, too, and sometimes I had painsin my stomach."I felt draggy and tired out andit was hard for me to get at mywork. I got up in mornings feelinsrtired and sometimes I'd get up witla headache that would last all day."Somebody told me that Tanlawas good for the stomach and finallyI tried it. Before I had talcen all ofLthe first bottle I saw I was gettingbetter. I kept on taking Tanlaethough until I hud taken three bottles in all and now my stoniach, ioback in fine shape. I can eat anykind of food I want now and I'mreally feeling -well again."Get Tanlae to-day if you are notfeeling right. Tanlae has helpedthousands of run-down1 men and wo-menand it will do for you what Ithas done for others. You can getTanlae at G. S. garden's drug store.(adv)PB Ifi HiCAN'T GO WRONG WITH LUCKYDIME TIED TO ANKLE.When fifteen or more negroeswere being examined at CampTravis, near San Antonio, Texas, re,cently the medical officers discovered many of them had a string abouttheir ankle, and that the string helda silver dime. The officers askedthe reason."DonT'you know that's for goodluck," one black responded. "Yoncan't get shot as long as you weara lucky dime.""Well, why wear it around yourankle?" continued the questioner."Why not wear it around the neckor carry it in your pocket?"That's to guide your feet in theright direction," replied the" negro.You just can't go wrong, that's all."m m m - .Judging by the activity of Mexican cattle theives they are tired ofmeatless days in Mexico..MarinelloRose Leaf Jellywill keeo them smooth, whiteami-delightfully scented. It isabsorbed quickly leavinjr the--6r,SKin witnout any trace or omness.S4 with good results. Free sample anddemonstration or send two cents to covercost of mailing trial package and bookleton "Care of thcSkin. - .. - . .M. A. PATON ,Phone 1010 516 'Main St.?THANKS!0ur BuMnessf or the Year19 17 was More , ThanDouble-that of the Pre-ceding Year.For this we extendthanks to our patronswish for them, a happysuccessful . year in 1918their' business pursuits. iCALLAGAINourandandinWILMQTHRtmnfe'376S I ! Hjrz-ilfli I HillmmiM -- jjIHI 7ff fL?Js.twin Bros. Department Store$evemb and lttain-$f$. pari$, HenckrBIG CLEARANCE ONWAISTS$1.00 WAISTS89c$1.50 WAISTS98c$2.50 WAISTS$1.98W'JjmK'y l JUfW jJjbLWe Give and Redeem the BlueStampsIThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & PUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris" Kentucky.WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the AdvantageTIREown:.riiBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. y Come and see foryourself.We Do Re- Treading and'Vulcanizing ofAllKindsc. s.IIIS "111 K8s- fWk: ftoifimR.1 1 rB . k. it . ( a l. . -uiHa- ii zj -ijb: ir .- ' T$2.98 WAISTS$2.25f $3.50 WAISTS$2.98$4.50 WAISTS$3.98uWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto da work inferior 'tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.yvofOur4 -.BALL (UkAlitNMMlMlttiMai.-??Li;-Y"f F' , j-S,V -r -iNs WfTr -jfrli w. Jr ",. -t-i .. iI-yJ -i "- " t' T -' i?.' -i-S-ii.-;:-'--?., -"- . -V-aft?;"rtjt:1i ICHJlspf:,;b-. i" -r- --t2- -jfi?'"'Il Z-P'-&1K:if?t4riv&"".tDEATHS.l"2WILLIS. .- Mrs. J. T. "Willis, aged seventy-..ye, - died -'at her home at SpearsMill, yeBterday, at 4 o'clock, fromthe infirmities of old age. Mrs."TOillis was a very estimable and-Ckristian woman,and was a general favorite with those who kneww --, hr. She is survived by three chil--drerij Mrs. Steele Marsh, t)f Paris,. md. Messrs. J. M. Willis and J. T.'Wfllte, of Spears Mill. The burial.sXriVL 3e held- in the Paris Cemetery- tli o'-clock to-morrow, services be-" " iag-' conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis.'JNo ."flowers.-.-- -,.SMITH.Mrs. George Smith, aged sixty--pYghtr died Wednesday at her homein , Georgetown, after an illness of."five Tears from tuberculosis. Be-sides, her husband, retired farmer,she is survived by five daughters andfour sons, one of the latter, Mr.Louis Smith, residing in Bourboncounty.The funeral was held at her late.residence in Georgetown at eleveno'clock yesterday morning, with-services conducted by Rev. L. P.Faghtmaster. The burial followed in.the Georgetown Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were Lee Collins, Geo.3?eters, G. W. Lusby, Gordon Lusby,"Robert Ellis and Jos. Lusby.ABNEE.- .Mr. John Milton Abnee, agedysixty-two, one of the best-knownmen in the tobacco trade in Cen"fioj Kentucky, died Wednesday af-'ernoon in St. Joseph's Hospital, inIXesington, after an illness of five' -weeks. Mr. Abnee had been activelyat work in his business until aboutfbi weeks ago, when he was taken'to'. the St. Joseph's Hospital, whershe remained to the time of his death.Mr. Abnee was a .native of Nicholas county, where he spent his. younger days. When the family' -moved' to Paris he became interested-la the tobaccobusiness. He was for-m. long time associated with Mr. W... TrGverby in the tobacco trade and-' later branched out for himself. Hisaccurate knowledge of tobacco madehim a valuable business associate,and his services were always jn demand. In recent years he became a. partner of Mr. Louis Mussinon inthe tobacco business in Paris, under"S5nerated without a franchise, thethe firm name of Abnee & Mussi-0ld agreement having expired abouti6n The firm leased the big to-ja year ago. An effort was made inImcco warehouse on Pleasant street. '1917 to have the city renew thehetween Tenth and Eleventh, where j operating franchise o"f the company4.hey had a flourishing business. Mr.'for a period of twenty years,. butjUn:had for afew years past made,vwhen the terms were announced and2iIa4iome in Ltxinrton, where he'mit into for to be voted on by the- also liad an extensive tobacco bus-.inem., .Mr. Abnee is survived by threeJrothers, Robert Abnee, Charlesjbnee and Clarence Abnee, all ofi Blue Lick Springs in Nicholas-county, and two sisters, Mrs. Fannie;"- Tlildreth, of Ewing, Ky., and Mrs.H. r. Marlow, of Norwood, Ohio.3Ie was"an uncle of Mr. Victor A1d-jiee, ''assistant foreman in the Lex-4ngton Herald composing room. (The body was removed from the- Hospital to the Mil ward under tak- j-ing establishment in Lexington, andprepared for burial. The funeralwill be held at the grave in the"Paris Cemetery at ten o'clock this(Friday) . morning, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pas-."tor of the Paris Christian church" Tke iall-bearers will beJamesv-ni., - t tm, nio,i tmon. S. Kenney Nichols, Dan W. tional Bank- Tne sale was mad"Tj.. Peed and James S. Douglas. through Mr. Ossian Edwards, of the'..-: 2, - - - , ) Bourbon Realty JJo. Possession will"- frJCHbOLS TO STAY OPEN ON MON- be T6"0? ??arci? 1918' Rum?r- -; V- ' DAYS ' r Santen was ably"f"l I assisted by Dan Cupid in selecting;-.-rThere. has been so much discus- a home, and that the "little blindf Mon of the effect of the. "fuelless god" will sqqu preside at anothertpomday" on the "schools- of the coun- important event.-u that County Superintendent J. B. - ' to i to '-"'"Caywdod has asked State Superin- BOARD MEETING AT "Y" SATUR-tendent Y, 0. Gilbert for an opinion. J ' DAY.-v ""He received a reply to the effect - 'lhat the order positively does not! T-ne Board of the Paris FederaV -l-.. .u WTe oh Tiiot hnv tion of Women's Clubs will meet at" .' will remain open as usual on Mon' , -daya.' QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods 'maybe "as represented," but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannot? jjl get something for nothing.The seasonable goods oiterea oeiow arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets .... 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective rem- edy. "Peislar White Pine and Spruce Balsam'fr 25c and 50c per bottle v-.Jillst-M&TII"1 vHavaIs Trill!- f!ramIf a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips..' Now is the time to buy that Ht Wter Bottle. OursjjTJi guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of -comfort;-1'Miii cold weather. Price $1."25 to $1.50.; .Ask.your doctor aboutiowr preacriptions.- "Ijfe knows they are JeVlSeat. in town. -aSOOKS Jc SNAPP DRUG CO. ". m ,Z-i"3fRELIGIOUS.J The Presbyterian church willhold services Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock, in the court house.The sermon subject will be :"AI Great Man Wno Spoke in Error."t There will not be a night service.The Young Peoples' MissionarySociety of the Methodist church willhold their their regular monthlymeeting at the church in the men'sBible class room, at 6:00 o'clockthis (Friday) evening. Mrs. C. 11.Alexander will be the hostess.The monthly business ana social session of the Woman's BibleClass of the Methodist church willbe held at the home of Mr. and Mrs.N. H. Ecklar. on Scott avenue, at2:30 o'clock, Monday afternoon.All the members f-he class are requested to attend this meetingJwhich will be one of importance toall.The Endeavor Society of theChristian churchTwill meet in thechurch parlors Sunday night at theusual hour, 6:00 o'clock. The membership contest is now on. The subject for the Sunday night .meetingwill be "Christian Endeavor Goalsand How to Reach Them." Leader.Miss Janet LusTc. The Mission Bandwill meet in the church .parlors at2:00 o'clock Sunday afternoon.The Endeavor Society ..of thePresbyterian church will meet Sundav nisrht at 6:30 at the court.house. The subject will be "Christian Endeavor Goals and How toReach Them." The membershincontest is going on, and the attendance has been very gratifying.There were sixty-eight last Sundaynight. The slogan, "Win the Contest." The public is cordially invited to attend these services.to m iCITY MAY OWN WATER WORKSSYSTEM.Mayor E. B. January and CityAttorney Denis Dundon are in correspondence with the officials of theParis Water Company, the principaloffice of which is in Putnam, Conn.,looking to the sale of the Parisplant to the city at a price to beagreed upon later. The city is topay for the plant by a bond issue, ifthe plans are carried out.The local plant is now beingt -people at the November election anumber of prominent citizens publicly opposed the measure, with theresult that it was overwhelminglydefeated. Mayor January has announced himself as opposed to granting another fra.nch.ise, and wantsthe city to own the. plant, whichproduces an annual income of between $22,000 and $25,000.r-Wl M toTAYLOR HOME SOLD.Mr. James W. Taylor, formerlyconnected with the Louisville itNashville as passenger conductor,and more recently a member of thigrocery firm of Taylor & Jordan, hassold his handsome home near thecornerof High and Thirteenthstreets, for a private price, to Mr.Bernard Santen. of the First Na-the Y. M. C. A., Saturday, at 2:30p. m. A full attendance is desired25r nr KnfflJciraMA praiaa school BEkfSTROYED BY FERE.Representaives of the State FireMarshal's office at Frankfort areconducting an investigation of thefire which destroyed the CynthianaHigh School building, Mondaynight. The building, which wasvalued at $6,000, was discovered onfire about eight o'clock Mondaynight,- and was entirely destroyed.No cause was then known for the-blaze.The fire had gained such headwaywhen the Cynthiana fire departmentarrived at the scene that all theirattempts to save the structure w.er.eunavailing. All the records of theBoard or .Education, togetner witn avaluable library, were destroyed inthe flames. None of the contents ofthe building was saved. One orThepupils, who attempted to save asmall sum of money left in the officeof the Board of Education, was over-- come by the smoke, but was rescuedby the firemen.It was at first thought that thefurnace had become overheated andvarious other reasons were assigned.The general theory is that the firewas of incendiary origin.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"The reflection from the nre wasseen tin the clouds for many miles,and numerous inquiries were madeby wire an telephone as to its situation. Parties in Paris, fourteenmiles away, telephoned over to knowif the whole town .was hurning.There was some thought at first ofappealing to Paris for assistance,but the fire spread so rapidly thathelp coiild not have arrived here intime to do any good."to to toB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsto to toFIRE DESTROYS TENANT HOUSEIN COUNTY.A tenant house on the farm of Mr.Ben Bedford, near Leesburg, was destroyed by fire thought to haveoriginated from a defective, flue.The los was about $600, with noinsurance. A colored family lost alltheir effects, including furnitureand clothing.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FANNY . WARD MONDAY IN"ONTHE LEVEL."Monday atternoon at the AlamoTheatre, and at the Grand in ''theevening will be presented . famousPaainie Ward in her new photoplayairectea by George a. Meiford andreleased by Paramount "On The.Level."This is a photoplay that will havean especially universal appeal because of the diversity of charactersand places shown. Prom "cultured"easterner to western miner and cowboy and the dance-hall girl theyare all in the picture sooner or later jand many ,more. Each characterhas been painted as with the. skilledbrush of a famous artist by directorGeorge H. Meiford, who has beenresponsible for many of Miss Ward'sprevious successes, such as "TheCrystal Gazer," which was the very'popular picture preceding "On The.Level."STATE BOARD TO MEET AT LEXINGTON, JAN. 29.A meting of the State Board ofAgriculture will be held in Lexington on Jan. 29 during the Farmers'WJeek meetings at the University ofKentucky. Arrangements' at thePhoenix Hotel have been made forthe following members who are expected to be there: Hon. Mat. S.Cohen, State Secretary of Agriculture; T.L. Hornsby, Eminence, J. H.Harris, Kevil; F. R. Blackburn,Stanton; L. Lewis Letterel, Harrod'sCreek; J. R. Rash, Henderson; J. M.Elliston, Glencoe, and F. T. Kraemer, Louisville, and Mrs. ChristiePark, of Frankfort, secretary to Mr.Cohen. Senator H. M. Forinan, ofLexington, is also' a member-of theboard.ODD FELLOWS TO MEET IN WINCHESTER. Bourbon county lodges of OddFellows will send delegations to theDistrict I. O. O. F. meeting whichis to be held in Winchester, onFebruary 5. The district is composed of seven counties Woodford.Fayette, Clark, Nicholas, Montgomery, Bath, and Bourbon,.Grand Master Beckham Overstreet Tvill be presentr as will GrandSecretary R. G. Elliott, and asplendid program will be presented-.At this meeting Col. R. R. Perry, ofWinchester, who has been a memberof the order for fifty years, will bopresented with a handsome jewel.BIRTHS. - , --To the wife of Edward Owsley,near R,uddles -Mills, a son, sixthchild. - -r - ---Near Jtud'dles. Mills, to-the wife'of Mr. John B. Smith, formerly MisBelya Hill of ,Paris, , kV s - -14-To, the-wi'feolfdmey;' ti9HJJSx'gB'toiWHf, v rltowlrtiftJfat'r Aiggfer -wWftmwir M. iur ltf4r otaithCmwlrtoat OMo,-.; ".-i- - ;. ;Mthree kektijciias;: -JfciraCAENEGEE MEDAJBS.Twenty-six acts of heroism wererecognized by the Carnegie HeroFund Commission in its fourteenthannual meeting at Pittsburg, Wednesday. In seven cases silver medals wereawarded; in nineteen cases bronzemedals. Ten of the heroes lost theirlives, and to the dependents ofninoof these pensions aggregating $4,.rt560 a year were, granted. In addition to these money grants, in twojcases $2,100 was appropriated forieducational purposes, payments tobe made as needed and approved;and ineleven cases awards aggregating $8,000 were made for otherwor.thy, purposes. Payments in thesecases will not be made until thebeneficiaries' plans for the use of the.award have been approved by theCommission. Medals were awardedto the following Kentucky men:Joseph L. Pilkenton, Broadhead,Ky., saved Vivian B Albright, aged,five, from being killed by a train atBroadhead, Ky., April 16, 1916.E. Wayne Cooper, South Portsmouth, JKy., saved Bertha M. Reedder, aged Ihree, from being killed bya train at Beattyville, Ky., October1, 0916.Charles A. Stamper, Gratz, Ky.,assisted in attempt to save WilliamE. Marion, aged 36, and Bailey GHall, aged 23, miners, from suffocation in mine at Gratz, Ky., December 6, 1916.to to toSALE TUESDAY AT 2P. M.The Withers Davis residence onPleasant street. will be sold publiclyat 2 p. m. Tuesday.BURGESS WILL PROBATED.The last will and testament of thelate Mr. Quincy Burgess, who dieda,t his home near Hutcbison, wasadmitted to probate before CountyJudge George Batterton, in theCounty Court. By the terms of thedocument, all the testator's property is devised to his widow, Mrs.Bessie Burgess, who was named asexecutrix without bond.Mrs. Burgess was confined to herhome near Hutchison by illnessand being unable to appear- to qualify, Dr. Logan Gragg, of Hutchison,was "appointed by the Court as administrator of the estateTPLEASED WITH REUBEN.In his editorial comment in hispaper, the Carlisle Mercury, EditorWarren E. Fisher, says of "ourReuben:""Have to take back what we saidkbout Reuben Hutchcraft's physiognomy frightening theGermans. TheKentuckian-Citizen carries a pictureof Lieutenant "Hutchcraft, now inFrance that clinches the argumentof those who favor military trainingfor the young men. If that's theway Rube looks in his khaki suitand Sam Brown belt, we are likelyto see him come sailing home withsome pretty malmaselle when thishorrid old war is over."FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor-clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished Jn mission and is good as .new. Can bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (tf)PUBLIC SALETheMostDesirable Residence in ParisI will selUat public auction,and. Tenth Streetsr onTuesday,my residence containing eight rooms, bath room, laundry, butler's pantry, closets, large,light attic, (floored) cellar concrete, furnace, gas, natural gas grates, screens, windowshades, situated on a lot facing 66 2-3 feet on Pleasant Street, running back 214 feet, the -lotbeing of equal width throuhout.Residence is on stone foundation, slate roofrcistern, concrete walks, shade and frujt -trees." This is the most desirable residence property in Paris, being located on the best street ''close m the business section of 4;he city- and accessible to the L. & N. depot, churcheir ;scnoois, postomce,' ana as a. nome is witnuut an eq im m rans.For further information,r-any time prior to the date ofTERMS One-third cashr years-from date, said deferredr- ' '" "' """"-'' ' . ' ' - "lli ."-.''j -.""' . ri!--"?'-'' -l'- ' - ' --V"'" -v "ii3a"-.FRANK &.Store Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays. - ""ON ACCOUNT OF THR VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCE; SALE :UNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD.LSPECIAL PRICESON ALLSUITS...-!.fc-w-c-.COATSAvTWV -andDRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance. '"!'FRANKMORE TIME GIVEN FOR CLOSINGKENTUCKY FUTURITY.The directors of the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association have decided to change the dayforeclosing the Kentucky Futurityfrom April 1 to April 15, .and theday for naming the foals from Jan.1 to Jan. 15. The change from April1 to April 15 was made because byApril 15 the owner of a mare cantell almost positively whether she iswith "foal; and that from Jan. 1 toJan. 15 was brought about by thefactthat many breeders take a holiday on New Year's, and overlook thefact that they have to name theirfoals on that day to keep them frombeing declared out-on the premises', at 916 Pleasant Street, betsveenrNinfh- - . .: fcJanuary 29th, 1918At 2 P.apply to the undersigned when thesale.the balance m equal payments duepayments to bear 6 per cent. interestJfrom said sale date. i--.-'p-vrjfw -GOhiiWv. i--& CO-PRISONERS RELEASEDJames Phillips and Jeff Barnes,,both colored, sentenced from Bourbon to the Frankfort Reformatory;on charges of grand larceny and incest respectively, have been released, having completed their termsof two years each.ALLEGED BOOTLEGGER JAILEJPatrolman Geo. W. Judy returned from Lancaster, Wednesday, having in charge a negro named TomAdams, wanted here on an allegedbootlegging charge. Adams wa3placed in jail to await trial. He hadjust been released froni the Lancas- -terjail, where he had servedr a sentence of 150 days on a similarcharge.t -::'?-property can bs shown atK.,,and payable in one and-two'!- i&2&fe vvnfiagSje:,;'jwg-. .9s"brifc4V.Timrte-V-'IT. '. "t y i " 3!a." Zlf. iWQHe"--x-J'V.."J:: -jy3vg.VV". "Hrr"-iV., "-TOJ"v:.?V-V '45'- ' ".iST3 -t "3J- :r"iias"AVf' tJi 'r r r'W'j -'':'- m.-S0C14L JVND PERSONAL.PARIS BOWLING ilMWJE.' '?''- ; . ' - r i vJBBsaajgfifSSSSSmi' : 7iImjr Cqfflw&forlkSFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSE;, . -omings and Goings, of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere. -,REELfOOT LAKE EISHReelf oot Lake Pish,-fresh to-day.LOGAN HOWARD.HANDSOMEHESLDENCESOLD.TO BEAttend the sale of the Withers-avis residence on Pleasant streetTuesday at 2 p. m.SIGN YOTTE NAME TO COMMUNICATIONS.'Hundreds of times THENEWShas stated that very communication to this paper which does nothear the writer's or the author'ssignature, will he refused publication. It is absolutely necessarythat we know the author. Noanonymous communication will beprinted in THE NEWS.NOTICE TO PATEONS.IN BUSINESS SECTION OP THE CITY.In order that we may deliver themail to business houses that closeon account of the fuel conservationprogram, eacn patron is requested. " to erect a suitable receptacle for thedeposit of their mail. This will beof great advantage to both the patrons and carriers and will avoidconfusion and delay.J. WALTER PAYNE, -"Postmaster.im'NOTICE TO PABMEESThe United States Governmentwill sell to farmers only for cash, atcost, 100,000 tons of nitrate ofsoda. The cost to farmers will be75.50 per ton plus freight chargesand the State fertilizer tag free.Any farmer desiring to purchasea portion of this nitrate shouldplace his application on or beforeMonday, Fberuary 4, 191S, with L.S. Bobbins, Emergency Demonstration Agent, Lexington, or one of the' '" following: County Attorney DavidD.--Cline, County Judge George Bat-terton, Bourbon-Agricultural Bank. & Trust Co., at Paris.I " 3fe m m mTJ. CLYDE McNAMARA la APPOSITION.r;Mr. D.- C. McNamara, formerParisian, who has for several yearsbeen Eastern representative of aGrand Rapids, Mich., furniture concern, with headquarters in Arlington,' Mass., sends THE NEWS thefollowing announcement card:"The Pitcairn Varnish Companyannounces the appointment of Mr.D. C. McNamara as manager of ourfurniture trade sales, devoting hisentire attention to the furnitureand mano manufacturers' require--rvfo "Milwaukee. Wis.. Newark,.New- Jersey."MODERN HOME EOR SALE.Jiead over the advertisement ofthe modern home that is offered forsale by Ossian -Edwards, Real estate Exchange. Every convenienceand is located on Main street.(25-2t). . m jm isGEORGETOWN DEFEATS PARIS.The Georgetwon News says of thebasketball game played between theGeorgetown College team and theParis High School team at the Y."M. C. A. gymnasium last Saturdaynight:"At Parjs, Saturday night, theGeorgetown College Tigers defeatedthe Paris Y. M. C. A. by a score of28 to 22, notwithstanding "Slim"Taylor, star center, Ira Porter andElley Blackburn were not on theteam, otherwise the score wouldhave been much larger. ManagerEd Bowmar and Coach Hinton a'reto be congratulated on their splendid victory and It is to be hoped thatin our next issue that we can chron. icle the fact that-the 'Tigers' defeated the Bereans here Monday night.Last night Marshall Adams, captainof the team, probably played his lastfamA. on account of his entering theiadio service of the government."Mr. WEd. Tucker leaves thisweek for a business trip to theEastern .markets.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simonleave this week- for New York topurchase stock for the Simon Ds-Jparment Store.Mr. B. A. Frank left this weekfor New York where 'he will purchase the Spring stock for the firmof Frank & Co.Mr. and Mrs. Phelps Renick, ofWinchester, have gone to Baltimore,Maryland, where Mrs. Renick willundergo medical treatment at l Baltimore hospital. Mr. Renick is agrandson of Mrs. W. H. Renick, ofParis.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Baird, ofSouth Charleston, Ohio, have arrived to be with their daughter, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Jr., who has beenseriously ill- at her home on Houstonavenue. Mrs. Ardery was somewhatimproved yesterday, with prospectsgood for recovery.Several from Paris attendedthe dance at the Knights of Columbus Hall, in Lexington, Tuesdayevening by the Terpsichorean Club.About ne hundred and nifty-guestswere present. Music for the dancerwas" furnished by a" Lexington saxophone orchestra.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. andMrs. Claude Saunders were guestsof relatives in Bourbon county andLexington from Saturday until Wednesday. Miss Ruth Soper, ofBourbon county, is the guest of MissLucille Burnaw. Mr. JamesHardy, of Paris, is visiting friendsin Carlisle."The East Coast, Florida, DailyNews, says: "Noticeable among theprominent arrivals of the week arethe Misses Margare.t Cleveland andStella Cook and Mrs. Cook, of Cynthiana, Ky., and Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Gleveland, of Paris, Ky., who arehere for the season. Mr. Clevelandand Master Cromwell are touring ivTampa- during the week."- Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turneygave a linen shower yesterday attheir home near Paris for MissMargaret Willis, of Paris, who issoon to become the bride of Mr.Vaughn Drake, of Winchester;Among the out-of-town guest3were Messrs. Mitthoefer, P. 5T.Drake. Robert Taylor and WinstonPi-ewitt. and Misses' Anna ColemanTYanMeter and Beulah Drake, all ofWinchester.(Other Personals on Page 3)The- T. W. Spicer team took thebacon from the Bourbon Laundry's!meat house ins the game at the Fordham Alleys Monday night by putting a majority of 198 over them..There was several good scores made'Thomas Funk, of the Laundry team,bowling a clean 220 in the secondganie. The score follows.MONDAY, JAN. 21.BOURBON LAUNDRYr1rFaulkner 152Determan .. 135H. Santen- ..".., ..124Taylor ..v. .....128Punk ,.. . S .174221091351231312203315116498133150t . 713 718 696.T.,. W. SPICER.,- ,1 2Bridges ...- 76 160Woodward 175 133Clark ..".." .. ..154 154Swearingen 155 163Hill .. ... ;. '. . ..130 1533145145154147175790 763 766T. W. Spiceiv 2319Bourbon Laundry 2121T. W. Spicer Maj , . 198On Wednesday the R. P. Walshand Curtis Henry teams tried conclusion, resulting in a victory forthe R. P. Walsh team by a majority of 78 pins. The high score wasmade in the first game by CurtisHenry, who rolled 189, his closestcompetitor being Kane, of the Walshteam, who rolled 182 in the secondgame. The score follows:WEDNESDAY, JAN. 23.R. P. WALSH.1Thomas 137B. Santen 171Ewalt 168Kane .. . .-. ...151Jackson . . 16021661521711821733180177155140133787 844 785CURTIS HENRY.1 2Jones .. v.. .-. ....177 173Burgin 176 169Woods .. :. .-. ...151 107Posne'r -.-. .vr ;. ..139 148Henry .. . 189 1753165145125151148IN THESERVICE OPCOUNTRY.THEIR"THENEWS TO CONTINUEMONDAYS AS USUAL.ON-t. As THE NEWS is published onMonday night of each week, and dated Tuesdays, the office will be openior business on each Monday asusual, not being affected by the recent closing order issued by the FuelCommission. By special ruling ofFuel Commissioner Wiley Bryan, ofLouisville, newspaper offices are allowed to burn fuel on fuelless Mondays for the purpose of getting outtheir regular editions of the papers- They are not, however, authorized to do job printing or even to takaorders for that line of work o Mondays during the fuelless period, that.part of the business" coming underthe head of manufacturing enterprises. This ruling was obtained atthe solicitation of tlie Blue Gra?sPublishers' Asociation, of which Mr.Jjame M.. Allen, of the GynthianaDeatocrat, isceditoi, and Mr. D. M.jHuttoa, of theJHarrodsburg Herald,. tt$aryv "r Alh th, papers in Jtn?V - - - T .. jlUv AtetW aaui? -L.&a ftajrJkfliid' '- J&mlMfe:tfcDr. W-'C. Worthington, of Clintonville, will leave to:day for Ft.Riley, Kansas, where he will become a member of the Base HospitalCorps in training there.Corporal Will Hill, who has beenvisiting relatives near Shakespeare,returned Wednesday to Camp Zachary -Taylor, near Louisville.A message from the War Department at Washington to Mrs. LizzieHerrick, of Frankfort, told of thedeath of her son, Ovid Herrick, 'agednineteen, in France. The messagegave no particulars beyond statingthat he died from gunshot woundsYoung Herrick enlisted at FtThomas in July. He has relatives inBourbon county. The last .-heardfrom him was in October.Eugene A. Bradley, of Georgetown, son of County Surveyor J. N.Bradley, and formerly professor inthe Georgetown College, has enlisted in the Aviation Corps of the U.S. Army service as photographer.He is related to Commonwealth'sAttorney Victor A. Bradley.Mr. Jesse L. Harris, of 'Pans,wrote to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.L. D. Harris, that he had enlistedin the army service and had beenassigned to the QuartermastersCorps at Camp Joseph E. Johnson,near Jacksonville, Florida. YoungHarris enlisted at the Lexington recruiting station.A personal letter from one of theBourbon county boys at Camp Zachary Taylor to a friend here says thatstrict orders have been issued to th3"enlisted men and officers at CampTaylor, warning them to maintainsecrecy regarding all military activities at the cantonment. The ordersays:- "Grave and avoidable danger tothe safety of our forces and the success of our operations is beinjcaused by the giving of informationby officers and enlisted men to members of their families, their friends,and the public in general."MOVIE HOUSE OPEN MONDAY,CLOSES TUESDAY.It may take Paris people sometime to get used to the reversal odays for opening and closing theParis Grand and the Alamo. . Manyof them are even yet unaware of thechange. THE NEWS is asked togive publicity to the change. Thehouses will be open, on Mondays asusual for the afternoon ana evemusperformances, but wilt be closed onTuesdays. She chang was made-morder to accommodate hundredsofpatrons whose places of business,. rinsed on" Monday in obedienceto 4the Mnondyr-cUip-gorW L7.!Br:ui832 772 734r7 P. Walsh 2415Curtis Henry & Co. . . : 2338R. P. Walsh Maj 28LEAGUE STANDING.W L PetR.' P. Walsh 56 3- .667T. W. Spicer . . . ; 4 5 ,444Curtis HenrV & Co 4 5 .414,Bourbon Laundry ....4 5 .444Home For SaleSplendid' home located on Mainstreet, close in, good neighborhood,homes owned by .residents. Fourrooms and kitchen, toilet and lavatory on the first floor, 3 bed roomsand bath on second-floor, front andback porches, furnace, gas and electric light, big yard and garden,small stable. Residence has slaterooft All freshly papered, splendidrepair. See this if interested in ahome. .OSSIAN EDWARDS7Real Estate Exchange.(25-2t)3gg4SfiE?Z&W MfMSIMON'S JANUARYCLEARANCE SALENow Going On!Radical Reductions in All Departments!Suits and Coats at HalfPrice$20.00'values now.$25.00 values now .$35.00 values -now.$35.00 vajues now.$45.00 values now..$50.00 values now.$10.0012.501 5.001 7,5022.5025.00Women's Silk and SergeDresses at Half Price$20.00 values now$15.00 values now. . .$30.00 values now$35.00 values now ."... .".$45.00 values now$50.00 values now$10.0012.5015,001 7.sa22.5025.00White GoodsLong Cloth in 10-yard Bolts Regular, $2.00 values, now $1.59 per boltLong Cloth in 10-yard bolts, regular $2.50 values, now $ 1 .98 per boltAll Other White Goods at Extremely Low Prices. -Complete Clearance ofBeautiful MillineryAT LESS THAN HALF$5.00 Hats now $2.50$7.50 Hats now...:...-. 3.73$10.00 Hats now ; 5.00$15.00 Hats now 7 .50Prices on Furs Are Cutin Half$5.00 values now. ."$10.00 values now.$15.00 values now.$20.00 values now.$25.00 values now.$80.00 values now.2.5D5.007.5010.0012,5015.00THIS SALE IS STRICTLY FOR CASHNo Goods Charged No Telephone OrdersHARRYMurnFirst Records byJASCAHEFEITZthe wonderful boyviolinist who astounding New Yorkby his genius.Ave Maria12-in $1.50Scherza-Taran-teile12-in .$1.50ValseBluetteJ-0-in 1.00Chorus of Dervishes $1.00DAUGHERTYBJROS.lip xllsitllffHsHPrllP' HIs"- t,ytt ;-;SEE OURSOUTH WINDOWFOR SOME,."- - -BigJanuaryX-:-i -v'i.Bargains !THE 3 T.HIKTONCOf?MOtOR?JBR.tcr."--. " -r- v --- m ..v!p2r rac -:-i ru "' .- - . -..-r - -- -- - Wrrl.WtrT --1."? II M-runCMiMrkklPMOTOJftfJN VALID JCC&GHw - : " - -dNDtKTAKINSIXTH AK0 MAIN STS--r- V4r"I-jr'Sl--armwmm.'?ejpied Tul&.JfCAJj WRP?- 3dt.'&&';r-f&- T"Vl . 5-'l-.. -. .. ,-ri.-y i-- -'--r-.w.'Jc.'&Sdfr,3-:jre 0teUto dJMk-Jsr k HerM.:- - -9E q "' " raJXm ' -Tjawj. - 1 . " ' K m M H.K" -mM. .IK MTr'"wjii ''..If- if1."SpPWgKWV'iri- -i iinw iiiiiuj mi ill) iuygM i wywwt. i iii UMlTIWHp ML --S,"- -X.ififfl5-scrTHE BOURBON TtfEWS. PARIS, KT.irtfnspr; j&kmry 21,,-naf.vry-. .-- w.- -' ",v: -- . . - 1l.!.. , : : r- r T. : . " . .. " v- "vvI vr-..IHItOOSfEVELT ATTACKED IN )SPEECH BY SENATOR STONE- ; WASHINGTON, Jan. 24. Char. ACterizing former President Roosevelt as "the most potent agent the"Kaiser has in America" and the'most seditious man of consequence- in America," Senator Stone, addressing the Senate, , Monday, chargedthat Republican leaders are engaged in a studies effort to make "politics-putof the war. Their object isto "take the government over intheir own hands," by partisan criticism of the conduct of the. war, hedeclared. 'Senator Stone's address, carefully-prepared, the first of political significance made in Congress since.'the United States entered the war,and regarded as the forerunner of', "bitter partisan strife, excoriatedpartisanship in the war. Besidest Col. Roosevelt, the Missouri Senator,Anamed Chairman Wilcox, of the Republican National Committee andSenator Penrose among Reupblicaaleaders as his "witnesses" to the political plot he alleged. Investiga-tions by Congress of war operations,Senator Stone declared, have almost. entirely been launched by the Republicans and adroitly exploited forpartisan purposes.Citing statements of the -Republi-.can Readers, regarding the politicalplans and. editorials of Col Roosevelt, which, he said, are "villainous screeds," published" for money,Senator Stone declared:,. ,' . "On my responsibility as a Senator, I charge that since our entrance, -into the war, Mr. Roosevelt, by his' : attacks on the government, has beena menace and obstruction to thesuccessful prosecution of the war.-'. The only possible effect of theseWidely published utterances of thisman' said Senator Stone, "hasWen, as they were designed to be, to." discredit and bring the government-v -into public disfavor and weaken its- .Tiold op. popular confidence. Thatseems to be the Rooseveltian stand-r- ard of patriotism." f .Similar utterances- made by lessk .powerful citizens, Senator Stone as-.sorted, would subject them to prosecution for disloyalty."Of all men," the Missouri Senator continued, "Roosevelt is most responsible for what he denounces.' He does his work cunningly. In thefront of, his propaganda he throwsa deceptive political camouflage. Icharge 1that Thodore Roosevelt,Vhether willingly or out of sheermadness, I do not know, is the mostpotent and willing agent the Kaiserhas in America.The Republican plans he cited,Senator Stone said, have been "adroitly directed.""Many, if not all Republican Sentors' lie asserted, "are acting inmanifest" concert itftfc dominant Re-publicaa leaders throughout thecoumfir to make politics out ofike war."INDEPENDENT. Tobacco Warehouse CompanyVxrDAILY.4-.7iyi -.Beginninga.-'The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorportted,) r. M. - """"""""-1ONE DOSE RELIEVESA COLD NO QUININEPape's Cold Compound" Ends BadColds or Grippe in aPew Hours.Relief comes instantly.A dose taken every two hours until three doses are taken wilL endgrippe misery and break up a severecold either in the head, chest, bodyor limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose run-,1ning, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat,sneezing, soreness and' stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and sjMiffling! Ease your throbbing head! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any -drugstore. Itvacts without assistance,tastes nice.nd causes no inconvenience. Be sure you get the genuine (adv)1 fK KWAR ECONOMIC CAMPAIGNSTIMULATING BUSINESS.Results of the government's wareconomy campaign were shown bythe Federal reserve force's monthlyreport of business conditions. Although Christmas buying was agoutequal to that of other years, therewas a marked tendency to buy useful-gifts. The sale o luxuries was farbelow normal.On the other hand, thousands oflaborers who are making betterwages than ever before, appeared tospend freely and many localities attributed their maintenance of retailbusiness to these classes.General business conditions are"reported excellent with war -industriesvery busy and a number of lessessential industries showing signs offalling off. Bank clearings have increased in most localities. Construction was dull nearly everywhere.1 m mDeceiving.It Is as easy to deceive one's selfwithout perceiving it as It is difficultto deceive others without their- finding it out. Rochefoucauld.WOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITSWomen whb get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and vlll findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three, or fourmile walk every day, but very much-better than to allow the bowels toremain in. a constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. '"Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)THE( I nco r po rated )PARIS, KENTUCKY,-WILL BEHELDSALESWednesday, January 23rdYiHIGH COST OF SNOOZINGIn a health magazine wihich recommends the sleeping porch as ameans of attaining fine health "thereis advice as to equipment. It .isstated that the widespread prejudice against plenty of cold" fresli airin one's bed chamber is due largelyto the uncomfortable experiences ofpersons wb,o. have, tried it withouteqpping themselves properly.Two mattresses are better thanone, the reader is informed, for likea dog who will sleep comfortablyon straw- without a cover, the human needs some warming, from thewool blankets under the fresh airsleepers helps wonderfully to makethe bed cosy. An eiderdown or woolcomfort on top of some wool blankest, several pair of soft, light warmones, outfng cloth sheets and outingcloth "nighties" are necessities.Fitting up a bed in such a mannerwould cost perhaps $60 or $80 nowadays. We cannot blame the head ofa family of ten for sleeping in theold-fashioned, doubtless less healthful way, with a bit of crack openedfor ventilation at one window, andthe family's wraps laid on top ofthe quilts on zero nights to helpout.expensive luxury.fe fe fe"CASCARET&" BEST IE) HEADACHY, BILIOUS, 'SICK,' CONSTIPATEDBest For Liver and. Bowels, Bad"Breath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.Get a iO-cent box.Sick headache, biliousness, coated tongue, head and nose clogged upwith a cold always trace this totorpid liver; delayed, fermentingfood in the bowels, or sour, gassystonia-ch.Poisonous matter clogged in thintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-abosrbed intothe blood. When this poison reachesthe delicate brain tissue it causescongestion and that dull, throbbing, sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestaniach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, take theexcess bile from the liver and carryout all the constipated waste matter and poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelystraighten 'you out "by morningThey work while you sleep a 10cent box from your druggist meansyour head clear, stomach sweet,breath right, complexion rosy and'your liver and bowels . regular formonths. (adv)sS-.'-' , "'.te-t'ey.VTTi-rmTrmmirr t-it -rivenr, . - L-i " .-Pt?OFF MOB, ' "",:Charles R. Crane, head of theAmerican mission to Russia, in an Iaddress at St. Louis, recently, toldhow Ambassador David R. Francis,a Kentuckian, stood at the door ofthe American embassy at Petrbgradand with a revolver in hand heldoff a mob. - -Mr. Crane said that a mob, believing that a man named Muni, (inreality Mooney, the San Franciscodynamite suspect), was to be executed in this country starteU forthe American embassy. The Petro-grad authorities warned Ambassador Francis by telephone thatthemob was approaching. Guests begged the ambassador to flee withthem, but. he refused, said Mr.Crane., Mr. Francis told a negroservant to go get a revolver. Withthis weapon the ambassador metthe mob at the door."Your government ; is going tohang our leader, Muni, and we aregoing to clean out the Americanembassy," said the leader."No; you are not," replie'd Ambassador Francis. "This is American soil and I will kill the firstman -who crosses the line.". Themob disappeared.IB1 fAutomobile Alarm Whistle.Anralarm whistle to be mounted onan automobile cylinder valve cap issaid to be about ten times as powerfulas the type sounded by a car's ex-J iiaust.State of Ohio, City: of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.- "Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofP. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforeseaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for eacli and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured bytheuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for ' constipatipn. (adv-jan)'" TheBcrarbon v- . - 'Tobacco Warehouse Co.-Leads in. WeBeginningtDailySales9 : Will Be Held I- .- -.- . BHS -"-' - ' y- '.. " - B. " " " v" Hj BoarbonTobaccoWareboueGo.R3 (Incorporated.) y 'BI V . ..- v J.TGO!-LINS5JVfanaerJ: R'1B- . ,,; . - y ;,..M.jLjii-,u, .. - - - t . m..PaaV''" . - ' - ! wiK SLLLIlL.g'iiaiahpjaalM. -y ;"-i.V . - '-". -". '-,- ,; -s . - -- - ,- - - ',--"'' " - "- ' r ... - - i -- . .. Sli'4'. JEaiarrlh- i Stomach BPBl 'b n Mr fit si m vtatiix- vn u tsti m ?? r" n ? .i - l,J. 'EMM aa I II I P1MBI , LI I TT7IMI n wiamMiww fv . '-Mrs. Selena Tanner, Athene, Ohio, jwrites: "I cannot find words to ex-press my thanks for your kind ad-ivice. -1 never once tho'i;?ht I had :a-tarrh of tho stomach."! commenced ataking Peruna. as you directed. MyscfntvioVh inrif imm 1-ir f vv fabout two weeks after I began themedicine, and then it stopped. I nowhave a good appetite, while beforeI was nearly starved." vThose who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.COLLAPSE OF PRINTING INDUSTRY IS THREATENED.Demoralization of the printing inkindustry of the United Stated isthreatened by the embargo on theshipment of carbon black, a principal ingredient, ordered some timeago by the Federal Priority Board,and publishers of newspapers, mag-azines . and all- other users of printing ink soon will be vitally affected, according to a statement issuedby Philip Ruxton, president of thNational Association of- Printing InkManufacturers.President Wilson has been , askedto bring about a modification of thePriority Board's order, which byfailing to include carbon blackamong the materials that may be accepted for shipment by railroads,makes it impossibleTo'r'ink makersto obtain supplies of that product,Mr. Ruxton said.I"If we do not get immediate relief there will be no ink for dailypapers or publications of any kind,nor for any commercial purposewhatever," reads a telegram sent tothe President by Ruxton. "A graveI crisis faces all industries because ofour inability to get raw material forprinting ink," it continued. "Neither Robert SvLovett nor the CarCommission makes replies to our appeals. We must have carbon blackfrom Virginia at our sixty plantsGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL-DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299'Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris Ky.(incorporated)-.Averages Obtained!Invite Comparison.Wednesday, Jan. 23m,m&,BV4"ean?13dfafa1 Vx-.t':t-s wr&&2?frvr.iarvsszaemfj.s'UNALjMade Me Wellmaking every pound of printing ink.used ifL America. Can we get anyassurante that Washington -officials-willhelp us out of this dangerous,situation?" '. "While -we realize," Mr. Ruxtonsaid in his statement, "that aljnpstevery industry is insisting that the1 supplies i needs arc vital to thenation's war programme, seemingly ""all departments of the Governmentfail to realize that unless their-printer can supply them with nec-3Sa5fcj&? v&s B-'vmjmmMVi1XaBBlLjfHMlUiMS 'essary printed forms and unlespub- .jlicity of all kinds can continue in - .the daily press the whole fabric of.industry and war activities musnecessarily collapse." N . ' -Sports Do Not Injure Heart. 'tSurgeons in Europe who have used'-- .X-rays to" test athletes' hearts haredecided that athletic sports, if properly conducted, do not injure that or-"-'-.'.gan.THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very se-Avere cold and was nearly down sick ;in bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Hemcdv. and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," writes O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo., If you.would know the value of this fem-"fedy, ask any one who has used34! -(adv-jan)IVa -fjCV" -4- -f-oAAJ.'-!PARIS, KENTUCKY- - -I', ''SSC""- -c"is"isasr--US r fI "'ry r-9t vi T."V?V v7rv- IFriday; January 25, ms.rHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KT.jr4fE0RGPES FOODSHE WAS A PROUD WAITRESSIfcn W W i B 'JlUPbH1 if W'M " iM WJ'iiil'IHIl lM 'Br"af-Girl Drafted to Meet an Emergency' x declined to Pick Up Forkuroppecroy Guest.he pride of the average Americangirl is quite as noticeable amongfarmers' daughters as any otheV class.This Is illustrated by the experienceof a resident of a neighboring statewho, according to Osteopathic Magazine, with a "week-end company of, guests on his hands, was left on Saturday without a waitress to serve theelaborate meals thatlia,d been planned.After a good deal of persuasion he succeeded in getting the consent of aneighboring farmer's daughter to helpout in the emergency although she had"never done anything of the kind. Heassured her she would 'be well paidand that all she would have to dowould be to answer the call of the bell,perform the required service and leavethe 'room.As the company was seating itselfat the table one of the men hit a forkwith his elbow, knocking it to the floor.The host touched the bell and as thedoor into the kitchen opened and thegirl stuck her head inquiringly into theroom, he said: "The gentlemandropped a fork," indicating the location with a motion of his hand.The girl stepped fully into the roomand with mingled astonishment andindignation said : "You don't mean tersay you rung that bell just ter, haveme come in an' pick up that fork; -4ayer? Of all things ! If he's too Jazyto pick It up himself, you can let itlay there. I won't touch It" Thenshe made a hurried exit, banging thedoor.Hilarious is a mild term to apply tothe uproar that followed, and the discomfited host joined in the merrimentFAMILY OF SQUIRREL PETSFour Half-Grown Rad Bunnies In Possession of Maine Hlh School Stut dent Are Privileged Characters.The liveliest pets, perhaps In allMaine, are four half-grown red squirrels, the proud possession of MorrisRich, a student in Hallowell Highschool, observes the Kennebec Journal.The squirrel and her babies were captured when the latter were too youngto know a butternut from a doughnutbut they are experts on the questionnow. The mother escaped, but theyoungsters know a good thing when-they, see it, and they seem to have no.intention of quitting the place where'food is plenty and a warm nest alwaysInviting.They whisk up the furry legs of"Lady," the dignified collie, scurryacross her back, perhaps to leap fromthere to the shoulder cf some memberof the family. They "sass" the cat 'toher face and she seems to understandthat they are privileged characters.They are fond of chocolate and areneither diffident nor lack "cheek" whentheir wonderful little smellers tell&em that something good is on thefamily table. But the fun begins whenthere is only one piece for two scrappy,jierf ect, perfectly healthy and determined young squirrels.They are "fighting blood" from eartlps-to toenails, and the afr is full ofsquirrels antf-squeals right away afterwar is declared. When the kickingand fancy tumbling ends both contestants are discovered to be sitting up,calmly and serenely nibbling at thebooty gained; or saved no evidence ofaltercation or resentment anywhere.Why Is a Guinea Hen?Whoever designed the guinea henand composed the music for her vo- cal organs must have used a rasp forthe tuning fork. Guinea hens and theirhusbands are' alike In appearance;Vhen you've seen one you've seen theother. Their plumage Is (of one "and"the same piece of goods'" like theQuakers'. If ever you have indulgedIn filing the teeth of a cross-cut sawyou've heard the synonym of her melody. Nature produced this varietyof fowl and the farmer who gives herboard and lodging is no good Christian. 1 say this because any manwho sells you a guinea hen as youthful and tender, has designed to skinyou. I have a dim recollection oftasting one many years ago, and 1 willsay thls-the gravy was quite tender. A group of guineas running to keepout of harm's way, resembles a streakof ten-cent calico of somber hue, withpolkadots. The guinea hen lays avery small egg with spots on It similar to those we see at cheap grocery stores in fly time.The eggs have no rating in the commercial world. They are used exclusively for hatching more trouble.Zlm, in Cartoons Magazine.For the Simple Life.As a race, we are constantly dyingbefore our time, and very often leading forlorn lives, making those aroundus miserable, simply because we aredisobeying the simple laws of life, andamong other things poisoning ourselveswith bacterial infections, thus causingthis very condition of auto-intoxica-tlon,writes Dr. W. H. Vail, in Christion Herald.Our plea, first, last and all the time,Is for the simple life, which is notnecessarily a vegetarian diet, only Itso happens that the vegetable kingdomsupplies the best articles of diet, inour estimation. As we have said, adamilk and eggs to the vegetables andyou have the perfect diet. Eliminatethe food stimulants, for they creaij anartificial appetite, thus leading peopleto oalsnioro than the system can up-,tin, withjts deadly results. -ituo uuusiHi'4 UJLLArSE"We must not overlooEnhe fact thatRussia collapsed, not because of theGermans on her borders, but becauseshe failed to organize and feed herown citizenship," the food adminibtratlon announced"We must be warned that if we are toemerge victorious from tills war we canuot risk the collapse of another of ourassociates in this war from this cause."-c.nyb,qdy that is looking for the colapse of the German people on the foodquestion had better turn around andok at the moon, because the resultswill be the sarae. Germany Is in noMore danger of collapsing on thatcore than we are, if as much."Jt. HANCOCK BUYS HIGHCLASS BUNCH OP- THOROUGHBREDSA dispatch from Lexington, Sun'.y, states that Mr. Arthur JB. Han"k, the well known Paris horse-an. was the real purchaser of tho;ViHpv treatment and a retlar'orces knocked down to Cap t. P. M j'alker,, at the Wickliffe dispersalle last week. The purchasedade by Col. Walker totaled nearly ;7 5,000 worth of horse flesh, com-;-i t the choicest lot or nh ela-""hbreds ever gathered to-'gether at a single sale. It is prob-able that the horses secured by Mr.Hancock at the Wickliffe sale will&r& &$.?' nearArthur B. Hancock was the manfor whom Cant. P. M. WalkerisMir o larim Tiumhpr of the horsesat the Wickliffe Stud sale lastTuesday. Among the thorough-hrArfR Mr. HanCOCk Purchased, WithCaptain waiicer ojaaing vereMidge, the dam of Luke McLukeBelgravia, dam of Black Tony; Dom-inols, dam Dominant and in foal toDelhi, the sire of Dominant; Ele-gance, daughter of Orme; Rahu,which will be raced this year un -- - ,,.,der J. C. Milma's tutelage; irscClass, a yearling by- untimus jueigravia, and the choice Prince Palatine Maroon Hood yearling, Regal Turban.Mr. Hancock plans to breed Elegance to Rockview, because hissire, Rocksand, got Tracery froman Orme mare.' Midere was later sold by Mr. Hancock to Willis Sharpe Kilmer beforeMr. Kilmer left Lexington at aprice reportecTto be well over whatshe cost Mr. Hancock at the auction. .The complete list of thoroughbreds purchased by Capt. Walkerfollows:Midge, blk m (16) by Trenton-"Sandfly; ?3.100.Rahu, b f (3) by Disguise Umbra; $3,100.Palatine 'Marion Hood; $3,600.First Class, b f (1) by UltimusBelgravia; $1,400.Banorella, b m (11) by Bannock -burnSorella; $900.Belgravia, br m (15) by BenBush Bonnie Gal; $1,400.Elegance, ch m (13) by OrmeKaloolah; $1,600.Dominoes, ch in' (20) by Domino4 -Editba; $50.Colin, br h (13) by commanaoPastorella; $5,100.War Club, b c (2) by Javelin"Torpenhow; $1,600.Reginella, ch m (23) by MeltonRegina; $150.Diviation, ch m (17) -by Horoscope White Rose; $500.Federal Girl, b f (4) by UltimusSylvia Dunbar; $300.Felicitation, br t (3) by DelhiFelicity Murat; $500. 'The above horses marked jflitnstar indicates that they are imported animals. "m i mPlant Life Changes.The life of plant varieties grownfrom seed, in their pure and originalforms, Is very short, notes a botanistThey soon pass in slightly differentforms and the process Is constantlytaking place. So that In a few yearsa named variety is quite unlike theoriginal, even though a direct descendant. Everything grown from one original seedJs soon broken up into manydivergent forms, and in some casesthis takes in the first generation.Box to Hold Vegetables.The box should be divided by partitions, the largest space being for potatoes, another for apples, etv Wherer. to nf cu1i n nromnm thnr. Tro-tc " .mnViSlOnS naVU l." UC UUUglll m auiuuquantities this plan will add much tothe comfort and convenience of , thekitchen It may be covered neaUy andutilized 'ior a seat. Have the coverhinged so that it will be easy to open.EsMsSBWHY WE MUST SAVE FOOD.The 1917 wheat crop In France wasless than half normal, using the cropof 1913 as a basis of comparison.There was a shortage of 170,000,000bushels,, or H3.3 per cent. The potatocrop was only within one-third of normal. The sugar beet crop showed adeficit of 67.9 per cent. Her .meatherds In the early fall showed a shortage of 1,800,000 animals.Those are a few of the reasonsAmerica must feed her associates inthe war. They are no longer able tofeed themselves, and unless we cometo the rescue are face to face withstarvation. And starvation means defeat In-the war.IT'S A MISTAKE MADE BYPARIS RESIDENTSMany people in a misguided e'to get rid of kidney backache,on plasters, liniments' and rmakeshifts. The right treat ocnded kidney medM--.,, pm. Pqriq is .Doan s Kidney Pills. Paris is .ception. -The proof is at yo'ir vcrvhe following is an evprienci of the work of Doan's T 1-ns in Paris. -Phac, gtewart, tinsmUJi. LiliesParls gg. j nave har.m.6He past few years, the first beinhe worst. There was a constandnii nchft in mv back and oftei"-Jsharp, cutting pains darted throughit It sometimes seemed as thouglT ij t.ji n-rAr tha rnfnorvl CUU1U liaiuij cuuuiv .- .w-.,.different remedies to no aval'-1"" " tvvv TCidneuntil I got hold of Doan s KidnePills, procuring them from th4rdery Drug Co. The first boUAped me and I conH-nM taVHUieni untii cured. Attacks sinceth have aiways been slight, andDoan's Kidney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. Jadv)z- MMMCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. 1!S WS WO ""You Don't Have toStoop ,If You Use aGarlandCabinetRange"!3SW5aa sub tvQtt -a - i.y-raiV'? i-vrnv.If23 spt?ii:5aus-vr' -,-2,--.liISil&sjjfcSt.&sO&:iJL., -?2F.-&S:f'xf-V?t3P5?E:3Fkfs-SSjur-".u. ..rwTiA beautiful line of Garlands on d!play. Com in and look thsm ovsr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.- (Incorforaifd)SS8SFoodAdministration Declares It Is anAbsolute Sin to Waste Food FoodHas Become Sacred.Europe Ib still sending an insistentcall for more food. We must send itif the war is to go on efficiently. Ifwe eat it all ve cannot ship it, andthe food administration has alreadytried to picture how much that wheatis needed by people who will starve Ifthey do not get It; the food administration states."For the least bit of heedlessnesson your part in food conservation someone somewhere in the world must suffer privation," an official statementdeclares. "The food administrationhas mastered the problem of America's food in such a way that everyounce of food conserved and kept inthe currents of trade goes to an emptystomach In Europe."It is an absolute sin to waste food.Food has become sacred."Food means life; it means somebody's life, and you cannot escape responsibility. "There is no waste of food amongthe allied nationsiLWAR BREAD COSTLY TOBRITISH GOVERNMENTvExery year the British governmentpays $200,000,000 toward the cost ofthat nation's war bread. That is theprincipal reason why English breadprices are lowerHoday to the consumerthan In America. Incidentally theBritish bread is much poorer than theAmerican.Great Britain has taken over allhome grown grain, bought at an arbitrary price, and all Imported wheatbought In markets of the world at prevailing prices. This is turned over tothe mills by the government at a pricethat allows the adulterated war breadloaf of four pounds to selL at 18 cents.The two pound loaf costa & cents, andjthe one pound loaf sells for 5 cents.In milling, however, 14 . per cent.i more flour is extracted from-the wheatthan in America. And there is a compulsory adulteration of 20 per centand an allowable adulteration of 50per cent.Compared -with American bread, theBritish product Is only about 65 percent, pure at Its bestIn France, under conditions somewhat similar, but with a larger extraction, the four pound loaf sells for 16cents.AMERICAN SAVINGS WILLMEASURE WHEAT EXPORTS"We have already exported thewhole of the surplus of the1917 wheatharvest, over and above the normal demands, of our own population. It Isnecessary.-therefore, for the food administration to restrict export of wheatso as to retain in the United Statesufllcient supplies to carry our ownpeople until the next harvest."Therefore j.all exports of wheatfrom now forward are limited entirlyto volume of saving made by the American people in their consumption ofwheat and wheat products."We continued wheat shipments forDecember as far as our situation allowed, but even with all the conservation made we were still unable td loadseveral hundred thousand tons of foodstuffs urgently required by the alliednations duidg the month of Decemberalone."HERBERT HOOVER.WHEAT-CORN YEAST BREAD.Wheat-corn bread is more nutritiousthan- bread baked wih wheat flouralone. Thousands of American families today are using this mixed flourbread, and in so doing are enablingAmerica to provide more wheat flourfor the allies. Here's a tested recipefor this bread: Take one and a halfcups of milk, water or a mixture ofthe two; one-half cake compressedyeast, one and a half teaspoons salt,one tablespoon sugtlr, one -tablespoonof fat if desired, one cup cornmeal'and two cups wheat flour.Put one and a half cups of water,the cornmeal, salt, sugar and fat (ifused) Into a double boiler and cooktwenty minutes. The water is sufficient-onlyto soften the meal a little.Allow the meal to cool to about thetemperature of the room and add theflour and yeast mixed with the restof the water. Knead thoroughly,make into loaf, place in pan of standard size, allow to Vise until nearlyfills the pan and bake 45 or 50 minutes. It is -hardly practicable to usea greater percentage of cornmeal thanthis even in emergencies, for bread somade differs very little from bakedmush. Less cornmeal- can De useaand in sucn a case the general method given above may be followed.- It is possible to make a yeast raisedcorn bread without first cooking thecornmeal. In thlscase not more thanone cupful of meal should be used tofour "eunfuls of flour. In otherv respects the bread Is mixed and bakedhs lnythe-anove recipe. .$1 x &&' jWB8mBBBBBBmKS&3BmBBSSSSSSSS1V-iSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSlSSSSSSSSSSSSva - - - -, - --. - t. --, - j. v. ' ,- -.. .v : - o "NOW IS THE TIMETO .FIGURE ONSpring PaintingANDy-Papering(- -CALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANEVThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Peris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,Diitrict Manager.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.yTRAINS FROM T ARRIVAUNo.34 Atlanta, dally ,-....5:25 an25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday v 7:35 iw -10 Rowland, daily except Sunday .'....,-... .7:31 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:3$ am40 Lexington daily except Sunday.. - . ...7:46 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily lfrtS m12 Lexington, daily 10:02 an33 Chicago, daily .- ; 10:11 M18 Lexington Dally Except Spnday. . : 12:0 a9 Maysville, Daily, Except Sunday 3:0e m?i138 Lexington, Daily v 3:07 IW-38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:li p'm.19 Maysville, Daily ". 5:4 ym39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 6:50 am14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday S:1S ptt32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily f:33 pm -239 Cincinnati, Sunday only t:30 m130 Lexington Dally ; 10:23 p at31 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:31 fmTRAINS FOR LEAVtNo.34 Cincinnati, waily . 5:30 aat-40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:41 Ml11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 ajn10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:4113 Lexington, daily except Sunday. ; 10:2S am37 Knoxville. daily ' 10:3033 Jacksonville, dailv 7 10:20 a18 Maysville, Sunday only 12:04 pt129 Lexington, daily except Sunday " 3:2i, r38 Cincinnati, daily '. .... 3:&pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7 ..r...S:57,i9 Rowland. Daily except Sunday. .4. 0:00 f14 Maysville, daily except Sunday , C:33 pm19 Lexington, Daily C:U 9 m32 Chicago, daily - f :3S 9M30 Cynthiana. daily except Sunday. :48 Ml131 Lexington, Daily 10:4S''iW"31 Atlanta, Ga., Dally M 10:4C 91bNO.TRAINS2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily, Ex. Sunday 7:33 3j4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Suadav.... 6:W,. 1. TRAINS1 FrankforU Ky.rDatty JBx., Sunday -. t,Fjmkt,,Ky.,DiiyBnL,attMW7.. .jKBROS.W. H. CANN0H,Local Mamagex.may both derive saii&faction" by having their worn and soiledgarmentsjileaned by usf The- -C03tis nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of newin.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatvfng, must surely satisfy you.. A phone brings U3. "Home Phone 169 2ARRIVE FROMDEPART OIl...lit:3t a. atr . .. . . . ....- - -s-x'Tt tvj ".' -t ,-t "$ry.vVU;rV;Hmv. " k r ' r . - J o -? a - . . -,imFt --f"--. " .:'tar- ?:FRIDAY, 1AWT1BT H,J9i2-y.t . - -. --?- ' -"- - .. -"jv . . - - - .-. ' . .-..--n. .a-" r';- -; t.--T -i - - - .- - , t , - .. -"". iy . - .'-... r -rr- -- . . ' -. .- -- . -v - . .-'-.Monday, January 28tfc:"-;.cFV-vr.:,l-'i The J. Tr Hiiilon Co.UNDER TAKERSAND MMBALMMRS .Paris Ky.Mainand SKthStret tsDay phone 36fMieht s . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.FridayyJanuary 25thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYEvery Friday afternoon and eveningtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Bessie Lovein Triangle production"THE LITTLE REFORMER"Billy West (Chaplin's double) in"The Ply Cop," a "Kay-Bee" intwo parts. Also a Triangle Comedy, "AWarm Reception," with Animated Weekly News.Saturday, January 27th' .- Harry Moreyand Gladys LeslieThe Girl with the' Million Dollar Smile, in"His Own, People"A Vitagraph Blue Ribbon production.Also LAWRENCE SEMONin Big V Comedy"Frauds and Free Lunch5'Jesse L. Lasky PresentsFANNY WARDm99'r"ON THE LEVELBy Marian Fairfax from the story bycCharles Kenyon. A Paramount Picture..Also FATTY ARBUCKLEin'Fatty at Coney Island99-PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c -war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Aduit 13c -war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax J.c; Adults 10c war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo .Paris Grand2 to S3.7to 10:30JV-1m't&-'Jr-t. --,'i;-9-:2county, winch provides for the submission of a State-wide amendmentto the constitution to-the voters ofKentucky at the November . election1919, and which is to become effective, if approved, on June 30,1920. .Strenuous efforts were made toamend the bill by extending the timelimit, but all were futile.X nca-inst the State-wide amendment4 1 1 1 II M'it'M' I-'''I'i'J"i'"M-:"2"l"'H-I-Hl M"M"I"M"M"M' mpocrp werp. Combs, of Favette:i i Burton, of Bath; Helm, of Camp-I bell; Perry and Huffaker, of Jeffer-left Saturday for New York to- son, and Simmons, of Kenton. -answe'ra military call of exemption. ! The Kentucky House of RepreHe succeeded in getting through all ! resentatives Wednesday afternoonright, and returned to his duties I passed the State wide prohibitionThursday. ihill hv a vote of 79 to 5 as the Sen-; "MILLERSBURG,""""" "" ' ATr AT T rnrlofQ rf lm noot qra x- jj :i m..J..Mirs Tula WiLrford left Tuesdav """vvu " "" w?a'- aie paaseu it uesuaj.J TL llZ "iSi. rJ. showing up nicely in army and navy The amendment will be submittedservice. There are more than one to a vote of the people next Noveni-Ttfr T w TTnd and mother -hundred graduates of the institution ber and if it carries Kentucky "williiir. J. w. iioage ana motner, .. . nnmmQinn mn T on -.n. .. .. vu.u.uuuuuvu uui,wc m C1TTT (IT! . UHH A U - 13ZU.- -". -V ' -,r"' .?for a two-months'-i V'ton.'. -;- of Llacon, Ga., are guests of Mr. and- Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.' ' .- Mr. J. H. Stewart and Mesi dames G. W. Clifford and SarahVr-iShea improve slowly.: Mrs. Mattie Purnell has acceptor ed a position at 3&. M. I. and entered on her duties Monday.in the army. Many who are notgraduates are in army service, someof them officers.The Millersburg Red CrossChapter shipped two boxes thisweek. The first contained eightyone hospital shirts and seven pairsCAN'T GO WRONG WITH LUCKYDIME TIED TO ANKLE. 'When fifteen or more negroeswere being examined at CampTravis,- near San Antonio, Texas, recently the medical ofl&cers discovered many of them had a string abouttheir ankle, and that the string heldofficers askedt--'----La..nf nflijunnc;. TTia ntTiAr- rrmtniTisrlMrs. Gardner of West Liberty knitting-twenty-one sweaters, - tenwas the guest of her son, Cadet ir Qf gocks six ir wristlets' ;., ,' T Tlus made two hundred and fifty a silver dime. The-um.il luunuy. knitted articles that have been ship- the reason.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre and little ped from this chapter. "Don't you know that's for good-daughter and guests, Mrs. J. W. 1 m m luck," one black responded. "Yoniioage ana son, oi ajiacon, ua.( were STATEWIDEvguesis oi Air. ana m.m. jjuaiey, fitVriibie, iionaa. , - , ixr0ii whv wAar t arnnnrl vmir. -Heatless Monday was nicely ob- The State-wide prohibition amend- ankle?" continued the questioner.., served here, all business houses that ment was passed by the Senate Tues- "Why not wear it around the neckwere required to do so being closed day afternoon by the decisive vote or carry it in your pocket?"tight. Others jwould have closed 0f 28 to 6. "That's to guide your feet in thehad they been "asked to do so. , This is the measure fathered by right direction," replied the negro.v- Dapt. Davis, of the M. M. I., Senator W. A. Frost, of Graves You just can't go wrong, that's all."STOCK, CROP, ETC.Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., shippedfrom Paris this week fifteen headof general purpose horses consigned to a Southern purchaser, whowill use them" in plantation work.Thos. J. Jones, living five milesnoxth of Millersburg sold to Maffett& McClfntock and delivered to themat Millersburg twenty-five hogs at$16 per hundred pounds. Theywere Duroc Jerseys, littered in Julyand averaged a fraction over twohundred pounds each.John Marr, of Bourbon county,sold to Mr. Crump, of Smith's Grove,Ky., the champion horse mule whichMr. Marr has been showing at allthe county fairs in recent years.The price paid was a fancy one.Mr. Crump also purchased a fine sorrel mule from Mr. Marr at a goodprice.Bureau of Naturalization at Wash- itation on the 27th of - Septesaier,ington that the United States Su- 1913, under the seven-year provis-preme Court, on the 7th of January, ion of the act-of 1906. No more pe-handed down an opinion in the case titions will be received by the TJ- 3.of the United States vs. Morena, Court based upon declarations- madthat declarations of intention to be- before September 27, 190S. If lwtscome citizens made before the 27th heretofore been held that limlffctfoa-'of September, 1906, expired by lim- did not run.c- INOPAYEOIt LOST TIMETEACHERS.BY.PROHIBITION BILL can't get shot as long as you 'wearPASSES TnFCTTTTrnTY- SF.WATF. a lucky dime."-State Superintendent V. O. Gilbert lias advised Countv SuDerm-!tendent J. B.-Caywood that teacherswill not be paid for time lost bythem due to illness or inclementweather, when the time so lost ismore than ten days.BUREAU OE NATURALIZATIONSENDS IMPORTANT RULINGMr. Charles N. Wiard, as-Clerk ofthe United States District Court, atFrankfort, has been notified by theMore Money From the Same Feed.TEat's the experience of every farmer who uses AvaloffFarms Hog-Tone. "Tone" a hog and he thrives bettersHe assimilates a bigger percentage of his food. He is notheld back in his growth by the dozens of parasites anddisorders that are an ever present menace to his growth.Read this letter about getting more value from the samefeed.THE AVALON FARMS COMPANY.Chicago, 111.In answer to your inquiry of my succes in feeding Hog-Tone, will say that it has been with good success. I would Jsay that it is a great appetizer, and will also sav that it isbenefieial to anv hoe: that is not feeding" out erood. A manH will get more feeding values from his feed t he will keepma nugs in gouu conuition anu x nave luunu no uetier conditioner than Avalon Farms Hog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.HtaIt's only plain business sense -treat every -herd of hog "afAVALON FARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale ByARDERY DRUG COMPANY$410 MAIN STREETPARIS, KENTUCKYrT- 34 -.s$te-"r..&rJ-",.--Mpa&w- - rr --Am'O1 -ti-k T'-cpsT" -r :.&R- vCLEAfiANCESALES3A PRICE-SLASHING SALE OF WINTER. FOOTWEAR! In spite of the high prices prevailing in shoedom, we arecompelled to make a GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURN INTO CASH the balance of ourHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!jjH C 1 1 " 1The following Prices Are But a few of the Many Extraordinay Bargains That Await You Here0 ' S3T$3.49$4.50Men's -Tan English Shoes$5.00 values at .Men's Russ. Tan English Beacon$5.50 values atMen's Patent English Nettleton and other makes do Qr$7.00 values at $0"DMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, 4Q CAsrrialr sizes, at . -. )O.D vMen's Gun Metal Button , ; '. . a ja$3.50 values at .- v ; . vTf 3Men's Gun Metal Lace a-i nft.$2.75 values at $ 1 .SJH.Misses' and Children's Blk. Cab. Button $ 1 .24Misses' and Children's Pat. Bt. Mat Top 1 .69Misses' and Children's Gun Metal Boots ....'.... 1 .99' Soft Soles...;.. ..;Ladies' Havana Brown Tan English jo A("$4.49ielK00t3. $3.95$5.0, values atLadies' Dark Tan English Boots$6.00 -values atLadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey-Cloth Top'Boots )jq jqS5.00 values at y)ftLadies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values at$2,49Ladies' Assorted Small Size Shoes - dl CQ dji qcS4.00 values at ...l.O-I.O-Boys' Gun Metal Lace -Boys' Gun Metal Button . ... ..Youths' Gun Metal Button and iace1 5c$1.79. 1.99. 1.49. - m? (A' - IV.7''.s.'-Jtesi'---A Lot of Men's Rubbers79c A Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at -.S9cIfe-iCaris' Greatest- -W jk lf " ' AT-Fl VJ " ' 336 Main St. '"" r'j.. ISALE BEGINS SATURDAY. JANUARY 26FOR CASH ONLYCi.4f-