-swt- "jtfr ". . . -SOf. xv. rs-E"'-- ji J.-?-r-i.ra a.- ---V -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUMEpCXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1918- -"-- - Sf- J 1- r,, irAto'--,-V- - - . .- . 'iisr' &? ;li .'s , - 'ml mammS' .-''i-B'M m mmm. mw. -r ml -c "' Sw r mm mmmmam AX .A Mfe. -js-JS? "Cjts -sst--m 'm Bn s - b h blbh '-'w jt jre- -"j -. -Ka -?w t7 ri '"' BBiBI B BBIBH .. K'BI -- ! '" BB1 BBBB.BBBB BBiaBiBBBBV PBBBB TL i - ,--&-''5-J--fc." --:mu. --.tllib 'H bIH LLamliammmamm HZlCgV V kBT al B ''T tHfeaartilV bH llH bIB bH BBBB BBbV BBbV IH " "' V SJgiCV -- . --' , "T - it --' ' m.- - "W- A ".--. -. si- r - tEr-"", -V-h)iFUEL DIRECTOR RAISES BARS IN THE SERVICE OE THEIRON HEATLESS MONDAYS. COUNTRY.Suspension of the heatless Mon- Mr. Lee Masterson, formerly ofdays program was announced Wed-.Paris, who has been visiting friendsnesday by National Fuel Adminis-' and relatives in aris, Lexingtontrator Garfield, with the reserva-Jand "Winchester, has returned totion that it jmay be put back in the training camp at Great Lakes,.force before the ten-week period Illinois, where he is a member ofexpires if a return of bad weather the Aviation Corps. Mr. Masterson"brings another breakdown in rail- after leaving Paris, was an employeroad transportation. of the Cadillac Motor Car Co., inAt the same time Dr. Garfield ! Lexington, at which place he engave the State Fuel Administrators ' listed in the service, being assignfull authority to continue the clos- ed to the aviation branch of theing order in the -territory under army,their jurisdiction if, in their be- Mr. Mike Brannon, a native oflief, circumstances demand it. Aside;from the New England States itwas said that there was little probability that- it would remain in.force anywhere else. mthe NewEngland States the program may becarried through to May 25, the dateoriginally set.The heatless Monday programwas decreed' by the National FuelAdministration on January 17, andfour of these have been observed inthe States east of the Mississippi,excent those south, of Virginia.The order was enforced in theSouth on three Mondays, but was"lifted there last week.The fuel situation everywhere,except in New England, has improved greatly within the pastpiade by Dr. Garfield. There it wa3made by Dr. Garfield. Ther'e is wasmore -critical than it has been atany time this winter.m m mSEVENTH DISTRICT MEETINGFEDERATION OF CLUBS.The. Seventh' District meeting ofthe Kentucky Federation of Womens' Clubs, of which the clubsof Bourbon county are a part, wa3neld Tuesday in the First Christian church, in Winchester.A large number of representatives from the different clubs inthe district were present for themeeting, which was most interesting, and inspired much patrioticenthusiasm among the delegatesand the spectators. The program,which began at ten o'clock Tuesrday morning, was carried .out indetail almost as originally planned.At the noon hour the delegatesand a number of invited gueststook, lunch at the Brown-ProctorlaHotel. About one hundred werepresent.The invocation was given byMrs. W. H. Garrett, and the address of welcome by Miss Rosa' Justice, president or tne M. C.Club, of Winchester. The responsewas made by Mrs. .Fannie Summers,of the Georgetown Club. A number of talks -scheduled -for themorning session were given in theafternoon. Mrs. Frank P. Lowry,of Paris, State Chairman of theArts Committee of tne Federation, gave a masterful address on4,Art of To-day," Mrs. Robert Starr,of Lexington, spoke on the subjectof "Industrial Arts," and "Mrs. Chas.P. Weaver, of Louisville, gave anaddress on the Womens NationalCouncil of Defense. Mrs. Evans"Reese, of Louisville; Mrs. LafonRiker, of Harrodsburg, Presidentof the Federation, and Miss Lida-Hafford,- of Lexington, also madoaddresses. Mrs. Donald McDonald,of Louisville, who was scheduledto give an address on the Woman'sLiberty Loan, was unable to be- present.The Bourbon County' clubs wererepresented by Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton,Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Mrs. JamesMcClure, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry,Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Mrs. H. E.Foster, Mrs. Robert Meteer, Mrs. J.W. Bacon, Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock,Mrs. Harry Stamler, Mrs. Mason,Mrs. W. W. Hinton, Misses ClaraBacon and Olivia Orr.m m mHIGH WINDS THREATEN DAMAGE FOR A TIME.An exceptionally high wind,blowing at the rate of about sixtymiles an hour, caused slight damagein some portions of tne city Tuesday. Signs and signboards were-blown about and window glass,lso broken in several homes.The high wind prevailed severalhours, but little damage was done.Yesterday was another windy,blustery day, high winds prevailingnearly all day, filling pedestrians'eyes full of dust and showing thelatest styles in hosiery and shprtskirts. A large j?ole near the FairGrounds, carrying electric lightwires was blown down, causing an"interruption to the light and powersevice of about an hour. No seriousdamage was done in the city orcounty, so far as has been heard.Washington reported four earthquakes within twentv-our hoursyesterday, and this, with a newmoon, "lying on its back," in theIsTicnisrp nf tho 1frH'vmoTitn1 ToorvH-"-C3 Ow " w.u.i,wu. wu.yvruSchwartz, mayliave been the primeciuae of the atmospheric disturb -jmoti. .." - -j- -- , - ' , cr -Pans, who moved to Texas manyyears ago, has enlisted in theUnited States Army, and has beenassigned to the service at CampDoniphan, Ft. Sill, Okla. Mr. Brannon is a brother of Mr. B. J. Brannon, of Paris, and Ed. Brannon andThosv F. Brannon, of Lexington.Mr. Brannon is in charge -of theguard house where five hundredprisoners are confined." Mr. Herbert Sledd, of North Middletown, left Tuesday for the navaltraining camp at Newport, R. I.,where he will enter the service ifhis country. Mr. Sledd, althoughslightly under the required age,could not be deterred from enlisting, though he had many misgivings about being accepted. Success finally rewarded his patienceand perseverance, and he will, nodoubt, make Uncle Sam an ablefighter.To have three sona in the serviceof the country at the same time isthe unusual honor belonging to Mr.E. B. Neal, a former- resident ofParis, now residing in Spencercounty. Mr. Weaver Neal is atCamp Fulton, Mr. Sidney Neal is"somewhere in France" and Mr.Charles Neal has been called forservice at Camp Zachary Taylor inthe selective draft quota fromSpencer county.1 S.CHILDREN'S WASH SUITS -For the kiddies from 2 to 7years. Look at our spring windowdisplay ?1.50 up:J. W. DAVIS & CO.- - .THE FORTY DAYS' DRIVE" ASUCCESS.The "drive" 'for $900 by the colored people of Bourbon county forthe annex to Massie Hospital begaaJanuary 1, 1918, and closed February 12, 1918. Nine commissionerswere chosen to raise one hundreddollars each. Each commissidnerwas supported by a committee offive chosen to raise twenty dollarseach. Each member of these committees was supported by a subcommittee of five, chosen to raisefive dollars each. Each member ofthese sub-committees was supported by a club of nve persons, chosento raise one dollar each.The commissioners raised the following amounts: Prof. F. M. Wood,$170.41; D. S. Miller, $125.11; E.J. Martyn, $140.11; James .Duncan,$203.16; Mrs. Lucy Hayden, $139.96; Mrs. M. E. Graves, $167.16;Mrs." Mollie Redmon, $49.06; Rev.T. L. Ferguson, $101.07; Dr. J. H.Sebree, (substitute), $42.47. Total,$1,138.41.The credit for the success of the"drive" is due to the efficiency andthe fine spirit of the commissionersard workers. All persons contributing fifty cents or more will be enrolled on the books. Dr. Sebree,the secretary, and French Thompson, the treasurer, handled thefinances with skill and accuracy. Iwant, personally, to thank the commissioners, their workers, TH21BUORBON NEWS, and the generalpublic for their liberal and loyalsupport in this campaign.J. B. REDMOND, Pres.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH SELECTS WAR WORKCHAIRMEN.Chairmen to lead the war workof the Southern rresbyterianchurch in the three Presbyteries ofCentral Kentucky were selectedTuesday at a luncheon at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington, presidedover by C. Groshon Gunn, executive secretary of the Southern Presbyterian War Council, and attended by ministers and laymen ofabout fifteen "churches of the Blue-Jgrass.The RevT Richard T. Gillispie,pastor ' of the Maxwell Streetchurch, was selected chairman forthe We3t Lexington" Presbytery;the Rev. R. N. Tilford, of Richmond, for the Transylvania Presbytery, and the Rev. J. J. Rice, ofParis, for the Ebenezer ,. PresbyteryMr. Gunn, who is also Chaplainof Base Hospital Unit, No. 40, madethe principal address, , setting forththe urgent need of Central Kentucky doing its shars in raisingthe $100,000 for "work among thesoldiers in the Southern training'camps, to provide pastors lor tnesejI - - -camps, ana to iook alter tne Doysj! whn they are thrown on their ownresources 4n the -matter, pf enteic!' tainment aurng leisure nours.ORDERS ARREST OF QUESTION-NAIRE DELINQUENTS.Chairman Charles A. McMillan,'of the Bourbon County Exemption ternoon of the working capacityBoard, Testerday certified to Chief of the Ahrens fire engine, part ofof Police Link the following list of the Paris Flre Department's appamen who failed to return their Tatus, which has been undergoingquestionnaires in the recent exam- a thorough overhauling by expertination for men under tne .selective mechanics.draft act. Their immediate arrest J The engine was taken to a firehas been ordered. The list follows: j hydrant on Fifteenth'' street, in re-700 John Brown, colored, Lo-!sPnse to aa alarm turned in fromcust Street.705 Henry Woolf,colored, Es-condida.950 Porter Jones, colored, Escondida. 101 2 Jenk Willfams, """colored.High Street. -.1098 Oliver Clyde Willis;1150 Henry Harris, colored, Escondida. 1211 Wm. Anderson, colored,Connelly'sv-Alley.1315 Pete Smith, Paris, Ky.1337 Robert Green, colored. ;1326 James Blakey, colored, Escondida. 1420 James Fields,, colored,Paris, Ky.1466 William Samuel Johnson,colored, R. F. D. 7.1539 James Martin, R. F. D. 3.SEE PARIS REALTY CO.About that 129-acre Farm onSteele Pike, four miles from Paris.Will sell on Saturday, Februarya23,1918, at the court house door, at1:30 p. m. One hundred acres inold bluegrass sod.(15-3t) PARIS REALT-COREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Mr. Samuel T. Talbot, has purchased the home of Mrs. C. J.Barnes, on Fifteenth " street, andwith his daughter, MissSaUie Taibott, has taken possession.Mr. Ben Skillman, of North Middletown, recently purchased a farmnear Demopolis, Ala., containing320 acres. Mr. and Mrs. Skillmanwill move to the iarm next week.Mr. James Adair, formerly ofBourbon county, recently sold hisfarm in Mason county, for $200per acre. Mr. Adair is looking foranother good farm, either in Masonor Bourbon county; upoaKwiich-t.)locate.- Mayor E. B. January -soldhishandsome 2-story frame residenceon Hieerins Avenue, vesterdav. toMr. Frank P. White, of near Paris,-for a price not given out for publi-cation. Immediate possession willbe given the purcha-jw.II WE KNOW HW IIn : !liGOOD TAILORING!!II Will Outlive GoodCopyright, 1917' jktt, am.wfjMWMMMMMMmMvHWB9hnM&ir9fSfojfLtiJffmmmmmmmmmTmSftnJmmmlSAmir'&jMmmmTmmmWACMBS6KWuwmwfMBtr "mIf you purchase a suit from us, 'whether you have itmade to your measure 'or select it from our immense ready-to-wearassortment, you will be satisfied with the price,style and wear.Suits Made to Measure From,, $25 to $50 :"Ready-to-Wear Suits From$15 to $35MITCHELL &Stetson Hats ManhattanMAKING TESTS OF FIRE FIGHT-I ING APPARATUS.A test was made Wednesday af-I jsov zi oy mayor January, wnow,s ctucuuijJtiiiieu uy mcuiucio ui iuuEngine and Hose Committee of theBoard of Council. The machinewas attached to the auto fire truckand taken to the plug when an exhaustive test was made under varying conditions pumping against direct pressure; pumping -from standpipe pressure, and pumping undernormal conditions. The test wasthoroughly satisfactory in every respect and demonstrated the fitnessof the "steamer as a very valuableauxiliary to the department's firefighting apparatus. The tests weremade under the supervision ofMayor January and the Fire Committee, Superintendent NewtonMitchell, -of the Paris Water Co",-and Fire Chief Ullman Lancaster.The run was made from fire department headquarters to Fifteenthstreet, a distance of one mile, connections made and the steamerthrowing a solid stream of waterthirty feet high in a fraction lessthan thirteen minutes.The new auto police patrol, drivenby Councilman J. J. Veatch, wasalso given a thorough working out,oreceding the fire apparatus test,land proved to be all that was needed. It is both speedy and convenient, and a valuableilelp to the police department.BETTErTL00K OUT OR H00VER'LL GET YOU!Announcement i that the foodlicense of B. Baff & Son, incorporated, of New York City, wholesalepoultry and egg dealers accused ofprofiteering, has been revoked forthe .period of the war by the National Food Administration inWashineton. upon recommendationof the Federal Food Board of-New,York; -was made Wednesday.The telegram carrying tlie ordervocation hich applies to allBaff stores, urged the New XorJcfood authorities to give tne penarywidest publicity, as it was underinnH the Baffs are discouragingpoultry dealers of New York andhindering an agreement betweenpoultry dealers ana tne 100a auuuu-istration.Ordinary ClothesJust now it is patrioticeconomy to order long-wearingclothes to pay a fairprice and get tailoring thatwill hold its sightliness andkeep you satisfied for alonger period.Tew men ever retaincheaply tailored clothestirl- they wear out !The shape goes wrongand the" entire hang becomes floppy, then youbecome disgusted with yoursuit and discard it forc another.BLAKEMOREShirts NetJeton ShoesTOBACCO COMING STRONGER TOTHE PARIS MARKETSWith the thawing out o theroads in this county, which arepractically free of snow and ice,farmers are making a "rush to gettheir tobacco to the Paris market.As a result, wagons heayily loaded,may be seen almost any day, passing through Paris en route to thelocal houses on South Main street.If the weather continues favorableas at "present it is reasonable to expect that there will be an. unusuallylarge amount of tobacco- brought in.The greater part ot the Bourboncoiunty crop has been stripped out,but the farmers have been unableto get it to the market on accountof the difficulties experienced inhauling it over- the roads, which,for several weeks, have been asgood as closed on account of thesnow and ice blockade.The market at the recent saleshas had an upward tendency, withprices very encouraging, and withvery few rejections. According to"reports received from the " farmers,tobacco growers and handlers, theBourbon county tobacco market 13far ahead of what it has been andbids fair to be one of the best inthe Stato, as it is certainly now"about the best in- Central Kentucky.The Paris market is holding its ownwith all the larger markets, theaverages being as large as they areon the other markets and in manycases being much higher.The" local markets opened, againWednesday after "heatless Monday"and Tuesday holiday. The market,all things considered, was; thestrongest since the opening day.The prices were so good that therewas not a rejected basket. The1sales were blocked on" account of theheavy receipts "and were continuedover to yesterday.The Independent led off with thesales blocked from Tuesday, and inmany instances high averages werereceived. Turney & Taylor sold acrop of 4,940 pounds of tobacco atthis house for an average of $41.12.The Independent sold a total of197,830 pounds for an average of$29.73: The following are" some ofthe crop averages: 422C. R. Wheat & Current, 2,200pounds, average $36.11.Redmon., & Tfucker, 1,765 pounds,average $32,98.. Hedmon k. Martin,.. 2415 pounds,average $32.23.Wheat, Hutchcraft & Revel,. 2,990pounds, average $37.44. 'Clever & Liyingood, 1,425 pounds,average $33.86,Turney & Pryor, 5,605 pounds,average $39.34.Redmon & McFeena, 3,560pounds-, average $33.82.Av S. Thompson & Myers, 4,595pounds, average $34.25.McCray & "Berry man, 2,530pounds, average $30.99.Higgins & Thomas, 2,1 90 -pounds,average. $37.90.Bell & Burden"; 3,455 pounds, average $32.40.L. O. Neal, 2,985 pounds, average $39.11.Houston & Thomas, 5,385 pounds,average $32.70.Harry B. Clay, 2,280 pounds, average $36.52.Redmon & Wheeler, 2,450 pounds",aveiage $38.79.Clark & Eads, 2,220 pounds, averge $37.91. 'Clay & Johnson, 3,510 pounds,average $35.23.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold in the Paris HouseWednesday 334,035 pounds of tobacco for $101,196.97, an averageof $30.26. The market continuedstrong throughout. Some of thacrop averages follow:Ellis & W. L. Garrison, 3,030pounds, average $31.41.C. N. Redmon," 2,155 pounds, averag6"$37.78. Thompson & Bramel, 3,190pounds, average $33.99.Bryan & Bivens, 2,350 pounds,average $36.89.White & Sheppard, 3,890 pounds,average $32.18.Clay & Johnson, 6,350 pounds,average $33.34.Judy & Wells, 1,755 pounds, average $34.76.Sims & Dearing, 4,210 pounds,average $38.88.Young & Botts, 6,210 pounds,average $36.81.Claybrook & Smarts, 4,725pounds, average $32.99.Gay & Martin, of Clark county,9,085 pounds, average $32.63.Renick. & Taylor, of Clark county, 4.000, average $39.82.Thompson & Morgan, 2,480pounds, average $31.62.Tarr & Griflin, 4,895 pounds, average $35.68.,Burroughs ' & Sexton, 2,990pounds, average $40.91.Thomas Bradley, 1,450 pounds,average $35.63.Purday & Ritchie, 2,845 pounds,average $31.94.Clay & -Herrington, 2,845pounds, average $35.97.-Custer & Laycock, 7,772 pounds,average $30.33.Weathers & Shrout, 3,275 pounds,average $42.31.Rash & Case, 4,135 pounds, average $35.97.Collins & Butler Bros., 7,825pounds, average $42.19.Sauer & TPinnie, 6,740 pounds,Werage $40.41. . w-Letton- Vimont: 3.000c pounds, ar-DOINGS W THE KENTUCKY IW-ISLATURE.' Action on the banking bill Tintaken on the motion of Claud M. -Thomas,of Bourbon, so as to 9mtf State bankers to reply at qintelligently to inquiries from tfcSecretary of the Treasury aa towhat they propose to do in the nutter of the next government -wrloan. Before the House vote topass the bill 75 to 0. Bankinr Commissioner George G. Speer explained it briefly. "tRepresentative Jimmy Thormtoof Newport, received a telegraiicongratulating Tiim on his succeedin obtaining a favorable report 0his eight-hour law as "a piece oflegislation essential to the mm 'prosecution of the war" froia PtJ. Campbell, secretary-treasureruotthe State Federation of Labor.Paris papers received telegramsfrom Editor G. B. Senff, of the Mt.Sterling Advocate, urging them ""towire Representative Claude 1C.Thomas, at Frankfort, protestimagainst the passage of House- iBillNo. 87. This bill provides "for tkapublication of the general summaryonly, of the county financial statement, instead of publishing tkecomplete list.- Mr: Senff, as a member of the Legislation Committee ofthe Kentucky Press Association!pointed out the dangerous featureof the "bill aa suppression of knowledge of county finances being &menace to the people and that thapeople were entitled to know howthe public- money was being spent.A telegram urging Mr. Thomas' opposition to the measure was senthim Wednesday afternoon, sigmedby the editors of THE BOURBONNEWS, Kentuckian-CitizeTT"and theParis Democrat.m m mTHE GREAT LAURANT AND HISCOMPANY.The last number of the RedpthLyceum Course will be given at "the City School, Monday, February18, at 8 p. m., by the great magfcian, Laurant. 'Each "year Lauramtchanges his program, introducingbig new features, Jboth tricks andillusions. This season he "carrit"three assistants. One of theM.iT.Miss Helen Barnard, a cornetistTigreat skill. He also carrierkiown pianist and stage' assistants,wlio handles his many properUw -JJaurant's production is equippedin .the- usual lavish manner that ha&characterized 'alL his entertainments the stage setting surpassingin beauty all previous efforts. Yoare urged to attend this" entertain-ment, as it will furnish you a veryenjoyable evening and your help jteneeded to keep the guarantors fromsustaining a loss. Help out a. goodcause and at the same time getget your money's worth. ""The price of admission is -only 50cents for adults and 25 cents forschool children. The people ifhoKhave clamored persistently for Redepath entertainments have beenconspicious through their absenceat the Redpath Lyecum Course..To see -the great Laurant at a 'theatre would cost $1.50, You see himMonday, Feb. 18, for 50 cents.1 m mFRENCH PRAISE OUR AMERICAN GUNNERS.Warm praise of the state of efficiency reached by American gunnersin their training with tho famousFrench 75-centimeter guns was. received from a French artillery officer who has just arrived in Washington to join an official mission.He said many of the American batteries have exceeded the best records made by French gunners whohave used the 75's since thanweapon was adopted.The officers described the work ofone squad which several times fished thirty rounds per minute as 1-ing the subject of admiring c6mment through the French arnue.Four men compose this squad, oneworking the breach and one tlanyard, while the other two wereoccupied entirely in passing ammunition and loading. So perfect wtrthe movements of each memWithe French officer declared, , that itwas impossible to distinguah tie 'slightest variation in the interralabetween each shot over a stretch lseveral minutes. -erage $33.59.Jones & Butler, 10,515 pounds,average $33.47.Purdy & Ritchie, 2,910 pouwte,average $34.29.Woodford & Redmon, 4,27pounds, average $38.29.Shropshire & Tebbs, 2,850 pounAaverage $30.36.H. L. Champ, 1,730 pounds, arerage $33.19.A bill has been introduced inttLegislature to require all pargMLiwho "pinhook" tobacco to MrVlicense of $100 per year. A Pariman upon hearing of it reairBMlr"There will be an entirely Mrcrop of 'pinhookers' nxt Jr" Kiu Din goes inrougm- teman's theory will nroTme majority or . iitouMttwstlost mioney this year?iCTiiaL aa1 Mfi- $fcX. ""V .y ?EMVe m.TV -" 'Vjr -rS"8- J- "-.- " i ? -. E-- "tK- .JT"i "--at ?- iT-32- ."i. VW s, -v. iCK-s-ii-' ;vtw. .-vr-- s-k-v-"- r. -- -' "SisyftS&fc:.- anRm- ii T". I . -. r uki - j. ... . --' - r Wv - i - -WHmiHUMplV?1GITW0THETXXhAX, FIBRTJX7Qv B1DTQ hv - - Ts v. . " - ' vTP Fl,J'aWMaWBMMaMaaawaaaaaaaaaaaaI mi-H"u& -frK-I .I.1 fM BOURBOPT NEWSWished 196135 Years Oftlnuous Publication.Con-bltahed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... ?1.00Payable in Advance.-WIFT CrIAMP, Editor and Owner.Anyerroneous reflection upon theirtaracter, standing or reputation ofiy person, firm or corporation whJcJiJMty appear in the columns of THE"OURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected it brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESc Display Advertisements, $1.00 'pertoch for first time; 50 cents per incb.ch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linetftch issue; reading notices in black""type, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise- ments and yearly contracts.Toe right of publisher is reserved-tor decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.tnIEDITORIAL MUSINGS.4'The Dignity of Labor."- s?? hear a Sreat deal about the-iignity of labor, and really, whereis.jttere a man so happy as the .oneyhbis busy at someind of work?Jiere is the home so happy as thel5ne where ear.K ?.Tnhpr nP v,alioehold feels at the close of the.lay that they have performed somr-at least of the many duties devolv-?'fe? ""P011 them? There may be aCJjfeh some day between capitalvftijLd labor. Should this period ever" 95? tne iIe is tbat. labor, with-'theTconquering tread of a hero, will'"r "S!116 beneath its heel the powejJhftl1 has, to a considerable extentjinaoe ianor iabonous. We are allr laborers in our city., JVe like to work, and we like to4eet'otners work, but we just rise' " ,torremark that when we get to be" vsprth as much money as some we" i .know, work with us will cease. Wef w-could never discover why men sixty,ndr seventy years of age and worthw 1Com forty to one hundred thousand, dollars should continue to toil1rqm early until late in all kinds of'-eather. We like to see a man pro" yitte something for his family after' ne Is gone, but the" average boy ist i!nich better off if not left too muchproperty. You who &ave lahored.- the larger part of your lives shouldrest up a while and enjoy the fewyears left to you.As To Free Publicity.very line in a tiewspaper costslhe.. owner or editor something. IfIt is for the benefit of the individual it should be paid for. If thegroe'er or baker or the butcher wereasked to contribute groceries ormeats or bread to some one abundantly able to pay for them, theyTrould certainly, refuse. The proprietor of a newspaper must pay for"the free advertising, if the benefici--arydoes not, and .it is one of theliardest things to be learned byTnany, that a newspaper has space- in. its columns to rent or sell, andthat it must, sell or rent it, so topeak, in order to make expensesand a fair living, like other lines ofbusiness. To give away rent foranything less than living rates Isfatal to a newspaper as for landJordTto furnish free rent to his tenants. Everything that enters intothe make up of a newspaper in"tlieee days cost twice as much as al-ttir years ag&T and these expensesmust be metT So, if tne hundredsfJree publicity seekers will use a. "little judgment and use a littlepoint once in a while, it would mak?the '.newspaper people feel morekindly toward them.Tell 'Em About Paris. (f .Thy don't you talk about the ad-TMitages of Paris instead of tryingttf how up its disadvantages?'gek onthe bright side of your- ojrn business instead of seeing only"it imaginary dull side. Nothing-wfe o without being propelled.Bjptcan. injure yourself, your city,jmnbcv business by getting into therjipP6. When your liver is out ofouter,- get out into the woods, intotfa pen somewhere or in sqmefrfr- of .hiding place until you areMfciJtar and wiser man. Tkeworldhdbc awf ully blwT to a man with aif tuiil' grouch or x case of indi-gestiotfCure' ' yourself- firstanMthin everythihg'will come up allright. Remember, somewhere thesun is shining. Get rid of yourgrouch, and let people know thatyou believe in Paris and its future.Some Strong Remarks.It is said that limberger cheeselaid away in cupboards and refrigerators will drive ' ants away.There can be no doubt -of it in outmind. It will also drive your auntsaway, and your uncles, if you wanfto get rid of their presence; it willdrive hog out of a tanyard; itwill drive a spike in a brick; it willdrive a tramp away from a mealof victuals; it will drive a mulethrough a wire fence; if will drivea drove of cattle over a precipice,if will drive a negro from a chickenroost-;- or it will drive a man to insanity who stays five minutes within ten feet of its unsavory presence. And yet some men will situp and eat the stuff and profess tolike it. In the name of patriotismand liberty in America; let's banish the odorous stuff with the German name.Oh, Woman!A wife will insist that her husband shall not go out of the houseon cold, raw days without two un-Wershirts, a mufHer, a liver pad, anovercoat and rubbers in addition tothe rest of his regular winterclothing. Yet, as soon as he is- safelydown town she will rush out ofa hot kitchen hareheaded and. barearmed to hang out clothes, so as toget ahead of the woman next door.Or she will tramp off down town,and from house to house, to workup some church or society enterprise with nothing on her head buta little saucepan of a hat, andshoes no thicker than one page ofTHE NEWS. Isn't this so? Firstclass in obeservation, stand up andanswer!"Everybody Works But Pather.'Many an unwise parents workshard and lives sparingly all his lifefor the purpose of giving his children a good start in the. world, as itis called. Starting a joung manout with money left by relatives islike tying a bladder under the armof one who cannot swim. Ten toone he loses the bladaer and goesto the bottom. Teach him to swimand he won't need the bladder.Give your child a good education.See that his morals are pure, hismind cultivated and his whole nature subservient to the laws thatgovern man and you will giver what will be of more value than theIndies. You have given him a starfno misfortune can deprive him of.The earlier you teach him to depend-upon himself the better.Don't Mind Gossipers.We are generally losers inend if we stop to refute allbackbiting and gossiping wehear by the way. They arethethemayan-noying, it is true, but not dangerous as long as we do not stop toexpostulate and scold. "Our characters are formed and sustained byourselves and by our own actions,and not by others. They may injure us for a time, but publicopinion and justice will correct allgroundless slander if we do not furnish fuel to the flame by takingvaluable time to deny the charges.Let 'em go by!iAdvertise Wisely. frAn exchange tells the story of aboy who was sent to market with asack full of rabbits, lingeringaround town all day and comingback without selling them. Whenasked by his mother why he hadnot sold the rabbits, he said no oneasked him what was in the sack.How many of our merchants arelike this little boy? They haveplenty of good for sale, but fail totell the people what is In the sack.If you expect to sell goods in thisday and age, you must open yoursack and keep shouting the merits of your stock in trade.m m m vGIRLS! HAVE A MASSOP BEAUTIFUL HAUL,SOFT,. GLOSSY, WAVY.ASmall Bottle Destroys- Dandruffand Douhles Beauty ofYour Hair.Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you can notfind a single trace of dandruff orfalling hair and your -scalp will notitch, but what will please yo-imost will be after a few weeks' use,when youee new Tiair, fine anddowny- at first yes but reallynew hair growing all over thescalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair.No difference how dull, faded,brittle and scraggy, just moisten acloth with Danderine and carefullydraw it through your hair,' takingone small strand at a time. Theeffect is amazing your hair willbe light, fluffy and wavy, and havean appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance. Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine - from any drug store ortoilet counter for a few cents' andprove that your hair is as pretty(and soft as any that it has beenneglected or injured by carelesstreatment that's all you surelyJ can have beautiful hair and lots ofit if you wil) just try a kittle Dan-dsrine. J(dv)M.JrSZ xvJ 4 . --l fc -r - -s Mte. -dki 2-- . -- .-..M 4 3P: VMMSESB8WE&TAND REDRY TOBACCO CROPHEAD" OF WAREHOUSE COM-PANY EXPECTS HIGHERPRICES IN SUMMER.(To 'the Editor of The Courier-Journal.)-Therange of prices of leaf tobacco atthe December opening: of the variousmarkets throughout the State and themysterious and sudden slump in theseprices just before Christmas leads me toask space in the Courier-Journal in whichto submit to the tobacco farmers of Kentucky a few suggestions concerning thepresent situation.The last Government report showedstocks in the hands of all holders approximating an eight months' supply underprevailing conditions, and there can beno question of the correctness of theseQjrures.Ever since the outbreak of the Euro-'pean war there as been a steadily growing increase in the demand for and manufacture of cigarettes and smoking tobacco, and singe America has been drawnInto the conflict this increase has continued until it promises to absorb the supply of leaf faster than it can be produced. Formerly there always existed a considerable gap between the supply and demand which enabled the manufacturer tocomfortably supply his wants in almostany grade in which he might find himselfshort, by purchasing from the numerousstocks held by dealeis in various markets. Such a condition is, however, athing of the past, and today a manufacturer caught short of leaf Is certainly"up against it." "Old tobacco has completely disappearedfrom dealers' stocks and no one" can showwhy the 1917 crop should not be promptlytaken up as the season progresses.At this writing it looks as if the growers of tobacco in Kentucky are about torepeat the mistake which they have forseveral years persisted in, tnat is, therushing of the crop to market in winterin order to be offered for hurried salewhile at its worst, to a patronage of wisebuyers, sure of bargain prices. It is anotorious fact that for some curious reason thus far, the "Big Four" manufacturing concerns which formerly composedthe American Tobacco Company, are onlynominally in the market, which Is evidenced by the small percentage of theofferings that is being taken by theirbuyers.They advance-as their reason that thetobacco recently" offered is not in merchantable condition, and if this is true,doesn't it clinch the argument that thefarmer must be materially benefited byholding and redrylng his crop?Is not this the very reason why everyfarmer in Kentucky, without exception,should keep his crop in his barn, redryit, and after it is thoroughly cured and Isat its best, market it when it is likely tobring its intrinsic value?How much tobacco is to be grown inKentucky in 1918 after the transfer tothe American army of all eligible farmerboys? Surely not the 400,000,000 poundsnow estimated as the necessary annualpioduction.Consider this. Marketed at prevailingprices, the 1917 crop of Kentucky tobaccowill yield to the farmers of the State approximately $90,000,000. This same tobacco thoroughly cured and offered at Itsbest should undoubtedly bring $25,000,000more money. Why not, therefore, keepthis great sum at home, when it requiresonly patience and possibly some temporary self-denial on the part of the farmerto do this?It has recently been reported to me byreliable authority that a prominent em-iploye of one of the principal leaf buyingorganizations of the country has statedthat with his knowledge of existing conditions, he would not hesitate if he couldsecure the money, to buy the entire Burley crop of 1917, at an everage of 30 centsper pound.To prove that such was no idle statement. it is only necessary to scan any.Courier-Journal daily market report andnote How many hogsheads are sold dallyon the Louisville market at' an averageabove 30 cents per pound, and that by thehogshead, and not by the basket.It will truly be a great day for thKentucky farmer when some argumentcan be found and used which will openhis eyes to his opportunities.America is depended upon to supplypractically all of the leaf tobacco required by the countries now at war.Prices of all other necessities are soaring, and there is certainly at hand an opportunity for the tobacco raiser to get forhis product returns in proportion to thostprevailing in -other farm products.An authority high in the English Government has recently classified tobaccoas a food, and advocates that it be abundantly supplied to the soldiery of the Allies. Kentucky produces about one-ninthof the world's supply of tobacco andtherefore the suggestion of this Englishman Is significant to the farmers of thisCcmmon wealth.In conclusion I beg leave to emphasizemy suggestion that every farmer in Kenturlfv nnw hnlrHne' tnhnpen Irpon th csamni . SA 7 -''.. HW ITI I I Ull liail .. ... &l;naantHin his barn and lediy it, with every pros- , I Mitchell waon good as new,pect of receiving mujh higher prices for j hay frame and bed, holds 16 barsame when offeied for sale In summer T'order. Tours very tiulv.D. A. KELLER. President,Louisville Tobacco Whse Co , InX- ,. m M mCATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CURED. -by local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion - of theear. There is only one way to cuecatarrhal deafness, and tjiat is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thistube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result." Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this- tubsrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is anv inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75 c.P. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Farm For Sale at Auction.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19,on the premises, rain or shine, onturnpike, and known as the old Moore farm, nowJones, who will show all prospective purchasers.The improvements consist of a 3 room cottage, good as new; a 4acre tobacco barn and all necessary outbuildings. A beautiful place tolive and is well watered and fenced. There is 5 bushels of onions already planted; 20 acres sowed in wheat and rye, and considerable landin clover. This tract of land contains 9Ji acres.TERMS Made known on day if 'sale.At the same time and place we will sell the following stockcrop and implements :-About 15 tons of hay;About 20 barrels of corn;Some fodder;1 slide;1 Black corn -planter;1 riding cultivator; -tx aJKENN11Y Auctioned-m-A Little Sound. -Advice, Will HelpMany A Sufferer In Paris.No woman shotiia consider herself healthy and well if the kidneys are weak. Poisons that passoff in the secretions when the kidneys a-re well, are retained t in thebody when the kidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladderbecome inflamed and swollen worsetroubles may quickly follow. Thisis often the cause of breaking-downpains, lameness, backache, etc. Uricpoisoning is also frequent cause otheadaches dizzy spells,, languor,nerovusness and rheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan'sKidney Pills, a remedy that ha3proven effective in thousands ofcases. Let a Paris woman tell ofher experience.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 "Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan'oKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly thinkthey are" a good, reliable remedyrWhenever my kidneys have actedirregularly or my back has beenwealc and lame, I have used a box orso of Doan's Kidney Pills. Theyhave always relieved me- of thecomplaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. t Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Burley had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)Ibi m mOptimistic Thought.There never was a night as dark butwhat the light of the. morrow shon.INDIGESTION.Take a few doses of Chamberlain's Tablets as directed for indigestion, and you will soon forgetabout your stomach troubles. Tryit.(adv-feb)Public SaleOPStock, Crop and FarmImplements.Beginning at 10 o'clock onFriday, Feburary 22, 1918,at the Mrs. Sallie Hedges place,near Talbott's Station, on Peacockpike, about 4 miles from Paris, Illl offer at public sale the following: 1 sorrel mare, broke to work,lady broke;1 black mare, coming 8, gooddriver and worker, in foalf2 bay Percheron mares coming4, both in .foal and good 'workers;2 sorrel fillies, coming 2, halterbroke;1 bay horse col,t, coming yearling; 1 red cow, fresh in March;S stands of bees;2 yearling bull calves;8 red shoats;1 three-year-old Jersey cow;2 red sows;I bay yeai'Iing colt:rels;1 section harrow;1 mowing machine;I new Bull rake;1 dump rake;1 new iron roller;2 riding Hicks cultivators;Valcan plows. No. 14 ;hay box; "double-shovel plows;four-horse dray;five-shoVel plows;Jonesville check rower;Bemis tobacco setter goodasnew;1 marker;3 new heavy log chains 12 feetlong;2 pairs check lines;1 feed sled;1 Oliver Chilled land plow;4 pairs work harness;1 set buggy harness;n3 pairs stretchers;Lot of double-trees, single-treejand lap links;1 iron digger;1 tarpaulin, 18-ft. wide and 30-ftlong, gobd as new.About 3-wagon loads of secondhand lumber;1 7-ft. cross-cut saw.;.1 big tool house on wagon, 24-ft.long, 9-ft. 9-in wide;1 machine, "Shot;"Lot of hog meat and can of lard;1 big heating stove.F. G. SMALL,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 6.M F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(td)1918, AT 1:30 P. M.,the Centervilleand Jacksonvilleoccupied by Jecse50 bushels of potatoes;91 yearling calves;10 shoats; . ,Other things too numerous tomentioDf. ' 'P AR X S'K ti'A JU x x w.orfoipg.1 v xThe easiest and iiuiclcegt way "toget rid of a cold is to tafce Cham-berlain' Cough Remedy. Thispreparation has been in use foraraen.many years and its value frilly j 5")proven. No" matter what remedyJeLTIdTyou use, however, care must hetaken not to contract a second cohbefore you. have recovered from the.first one, and there is serious dangerof this. lA man'of middle age orolder should go to bed and stay in jbed until fully recovered. It 3 ,better to stay in bed three days atthe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mission and is good as new. Can be-bought at a' bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS ' office. Bjothphones 124. . (tf)BLUE GRASS FARMAT AUCTION !On Thursday, February 19th -at 11 o'clock, we willsell, on the premiss, the E. P. Gorhamfarm, located on the Old Union and Newtown Road, about onemile from Newtown Station, ,and containing 165 acres. About100 acres of this farm is in wheat and the balance is in grass. Itwill be sold in two tracts, as follows: 'No. 1.Contains 100 acres, on which is a comforjpbletwo-story frame residence containing 7 rooms,two tobacco barns, tenant house and otherbuildings. Also plenty of good water.No. 2.Contains 65 acresbeautiful building siteBoth of these tracts have a good road frontage, and the farmis admirably located, being nearstation.This farm will be sold on very liberal terirfs. to be announcedat time of sale. Possession given March 1st. Inspection may bemade of the place at any time.SECURITY TRUST COMPANY(feb8-3t) Lexington, Ky.WANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurDEPARTMENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expert "who has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do jRe- Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALLqor. Fourth anFOR RENE?Desirable house, on Main street;has five rooms and bath; good DigJ. T. KENTON.Save Your Eyes,How can a youngster keep upinschool when every attempt at studycauses 'Headaches and Njeryousness? -Backward children have frequentlygone up with the "Heads of theClass" when properlyglasses.Give your childrenBring them in for anright away.fitted witha chance,examinationDR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.unimproved,near the pike.with achurches, school and railroadPleasant Ste.GAUAGE" - wWrmwtwpfmHJrt4AJA4?9s-VivvXs;-.Vs ' '- -. .."?..frltlDAT. FEBRUARY 15, 11187... !....VBM BOURBON WRWS, PAKS Hae' -. - s". .- - ..,- . - '- . ..x - -, 'i , . i v a' i gggg . i ti i ji'i i t gsgfcgggH i : . i ,t r f ' - iIII r- --- - 'IsiffSGOTEMnoarr prohibits -SEHBIG OF HEHS-'MIBPULLETS FOR I$OD.WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.Dealingor trading in live X)r freshly killedhens or pullets anywhere vin theUnited States is forbidden in an orderannounced Monday by the UnitedStates food administration.February 13 is fixed as the date bytoViii fimp -frpsh Rt.nn.lr must. h flic-uosed of, and after which additional !stock may not be purchased.By restricting the .killing of chickens which should be "heavy layers, thefood administration hopes to increasethe production of eggs and allowthem to be put into storage at areasonable price.Notice of the new ruling, whichhas been sent to all produce exchanges and concerns dealing "inpoultry, reads as follows:"The following rule has beenadopted in connection with specialrules and regulations governing dealers in noultrv and esrers :'"The licensee ,shall not, between.February 11, JL918, and April 30,1918, purchase, .ship, sell or negotiate the sale of "any- live or freshlykilled hens or pullets, provided, however, that this shall not prevent thepurchase, shipment or sale betweenFebruary 11 and February 23, 1918,hens or pullets which were either killed or shipped prior to February 11,to markets for sale as food, and provided further, that nothing in thisruleshall prevent the purchase, ship- 1incui ui saie oj live ueiis or puiietsfor egg-producing purposes.""Under a ruling of the United StatesFood Administration milling division,effective Monday, flour may he putup and sold in one sixteenth Darrelsor 12 4 pound packages.Under the previous ruling of theFood Administration the use of thesmaller package was not allowed, although dealers were permitted tobreak the larger sacks and sell anyquantity.The new "substitution" regulationrequiring the individual consumer totake flour substitutes with all purchases of wheat flour made it necessary to reinstate the sale and packingof the one sixteenth barrel package.- m mEEJTJVE1TING WALL PAERPerhaps everyone does not knowthat there are patent preparationswhich will clean, wall paper verysuccessfully. One kind comes inthe form of powder and is mixed tothe consistency of putty by addingwater. The paper is rubbed cleanwith this preparation and if nottfro. badly stained or faded, it willlook like new. Papers should bespread on the floor to catch the particles which rub off, for if steppedon they are hard to clean up.Sometimes a mass of soggy breadcan be used for the cleaning, but itis better to prepare some doughwhich contains no shortening, toavoid getting any oil on the paper.Some badly stained and fadedplain ingrain paper was cleaned bywashing. A big paint brush . isneeded. Clean dust off paper, thendip tyrush in warm water and brushover surface of paper. Be sure thatit is all wet evenly. When dry thepaper will look almost like new. Ifnot sure of your paper, it would bewell to try a small inconspiciousplace first to test out the method tobe sure that it will work oh thatparticular kind of paper.nmiHEAT IN OLD PAPERSTJse old newspapers to keep outcold; out of your house, away fromyour body. Put them between yourwindows and curtains cold flights;stop all cracks where too nuicE coldenters. Put them under the sheetsand covers of your bed. Cheapestblankets in the world. Put themaround your person between youvunder and outer garments. An extra newspaper inside your vest. Putthem between your stockings anddrawers and around the lower ex---tremitieswhen out in the cold, wellup-toward the knees. Save coal,save woodVsave cotton, save wool.Keep heat in, cold out. BostonPost.1!M5-BREAKS A COLD INFEW HOURS TRY IT!Pirst Dose of Pape's Cold Compound Relieves All GrippeMisery.Dqn't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of "Pape's Cola Compound"vtaken every two hours until three.doses are taken will end grippemisery and break up a severe coldeither in the head, chest, body orlimbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, sorenessfind stiffness."TJor'c rnM f!nmround" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drugstores. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenience. Don't accept a substitute.(adv)Whyof Course.For the firef time Buddy;. saw bouillon cups and he wondered why theyhad two handles on. His little palsaid, "Huh, don't you know? Whenyou break off one handle you can usethe other,x;: To-. Get This. BigT'-j,.'ChanceAcFCeiI Cooke'r forOniimmuiiiesDollar' To Any i HousewifeWho Missjed ItOnce more we make tliis 'offer, but forone week only.A million homes have been suppliedwith the ideal Quaker Cookers. Butcountless new homes' in the past yearhave adopted Quaker Oats.A wave of economy, plus wheatlessmeals, have multiplied oat-food users.And millidns of them to get this matchless flavor are using Quaker Oats.Wc want those new users to' haveCookers too. So we repeat this remarkable offer.The cost of aluminum has doubled.Cooker prices have enormously advanced.But we make new users the saine offerthat we made to old. We vill send thisbig aluminum Cooker for onl $1, allcharges prepaid, under offer made below.This offer is for one week only. It applies, only to those who have no QuakerCooker now. If you are one of them weurge you to accept it. . :For Quaker Oats Users3 i e"nilm SstiiMilfc. 3lsS. . ir. . :rr?!s2i -rsgfA Million Homes -- -VExtra Lare' and Heavy .Cereal Capacity 2 QtMade to Lasta LifetimeWe have supplied over a million users .of Quaker Oats with an ideal way to cookthem. The purpose is to have QuakerOats cooked rightly.Quaker Oats flaked from queen grainsonly has a wealth of flavor. Rightcooking keeps that flavor intact. It makesthe oat dish doubly delightful makes iteasy to digest.Sjo we had this Cooker made to ourorder an ideal double cooker. -It is exrtra large, so little or much can be cookedin it. It is extra heavy, made to last alifetime.That is the Cooker made of purealuminum which we offer this week for 'one dollar, under the conditions below.If you are serving: Quaker Oats, or -if you,will, w,e want you to have this Cooker: - "-2b 1O v jl iPL " 1 7 1Buy from your grocer five packages of Quaker O'ats, or of Quaker Best Corn Meal, or five packagesof the two combined. Send us your grocer's sales slip for the purchase and send $1 with it. We willthen send this cooker to you, all charges repaid. This offer is good for one week only, and itapplies to. this vicinity alone. Address,' , -v The C ".!:or Oats Company ' "" :r """ 1 708 R&;iv.-ay Exchange, Chicago( The Two ChiefQuaker OatsAjfc y8 the Cost of Meat- ' .Foods3&iroundn..1.n r-x :i i r i . . .izt -otvji.ati.ci wciL&, avpubureu uy ioou units, is twice as nutritious asteak. It supplies nutrition "'at a cost of five cents -per 1000 calories. yMeats, on the average, cost eight times as much for-the same food value.Hggs'cost ten times as much. You caii serve six dishes of Quaker .Oats"for"the cost of a single egg.The oat stands supreme among grain foods, in nutrition and in flavor.It far exceeds wheat in food units.It is the" energy food and the food for growth. It supplies every, needed,element in.just the right proportion. It should be your basic food.Quaker Oats is flaked from queen grains only just the big, rich, flavory oats. We get but ten pounds from a bushel. So -in this brand you get awondrous flavor without any extra price. All oat foods are doubly delight-ful if made with Quaker Oats. .V -" -a JL AJLoLjftQuaker Best Corn MealThe Best 60 of the CornNext to oats in economy comes Corn Meal. We make.tfh exquisite commeal, and put it up in sealed round packages.- In Quaker Corn Meal we use the cream of the corn about 60 per centof the kernel. ""The fibrous outer coat is removed, because it makes corn .meal coarse.The oily germ is removed, because the oil "grows rancid. Just the hominypart yellow or white is ground to make Quaker Corn Meal.The result is superlative corn meal, yellow or white. The ),-ellow looks clike grains opgold the white, like marble dust. It makes bread and muffins,,porridge, puddings and pancakes vastly better than any crude corn meal.-"" Get the Yellow or White in round packages with tops. See how goodcorn meal can be.These Grocers Will Feature the Cooker Offer Next WeekJ. A. SULLIVAN Eight StreetLINK GROCERY CO 38 Eigth StreetDAN JORDAN & CO Cor. Main and Tenth Sts.JAS. DELANEY 142 Eighth StreetCURTIS HENRY & CO Fourteenth and Main Sts.STONE & TARR S05 Main StreetS. T: CHIPLEY . South Main StreetCUSTIS L- TALBOTT Eighth Street.JOHN FUDOLD 145 Eighth StreetFARMERS SUPPLY CO Main StreetLOGAN HOWARD Fifth and Main StreetsWILMOTH & CO Main Street, Opp. Court HouseL. R. BRAMBLETTE Masonic TempleLUSK & SHEA .c .334 Main Street .CH AS. P. COOK & CO. . ?. . . . Main StreetSKILLMAN BROS Cor. Second and Chapline Sts.D. PLUMMER South Main StreetBALDWIN BROS Seventh and Main StreetsTHE BUSY BEE CASH STORE . Main StreetDISASTROUS PTBES SAID TO BESPIES' WORK.Roomy."1 had a wash at the. Sailors homeand let, my clothes dry on me. Theyvfjtre filled up ;wlth. another shipOTew." Balif aXjSurylyor inNew. YogkBvenlBg 5na,4ftIndication of a widespread plot tocripple the war activities of tha'United States have heen seen in. aseries of fires in shipyards, on munitions ships, in war plants and storage buildings at various pointsalong the Atlantic seaboard andfurther inland. "Nearly all of themwere of distinctly suspicious origin.Fears that the flames may havehften set bv enemy aliens were givenstrength, by the fact that they started within a few hours at widelyseparate points almost a week to aday after Edward' N. Hurley, chairman of the United States Shipbuilding Board, gave warning of a Gerpian plot to apply the torch toplants of all kinds producing implements of war, "especially -shipyards.-Disastrous fires started only, afew hours apart in shipyards atNewarkf N. J., and at Baltimore.The losses will aggregate $.2,000,000. Fires were discovered on munitions ships at two Atlantic portsthe-same dayVbut they were extinguished before serious damage hadheeh done;Eight' men were killed anmanyinjured by an explosion in- a; magazine at the .United; States wavyTorpedo Station at Newport; R. IrI? thief aus;. hpwer, therex wasthe work of enemy aliens'There were other fires of a suspicious nature in New" York, Paterson, N. J.; Buffalo, Maryland, Miss.,and Peterboro, Canada. In everySCHOOL CHILDREN TO BECOME"HOOVER SOLDIERS."Every school child in Kentuckywill hf nre'fl.Tifzp.fl n? a "TTnnvp.r-mT ugauon , soldier," and will go "over the topmade either by military or niuni-in the dining room and kitchen.'cipal authorities in an effort to fix Hereafter if mamma" and "papa'cue rtjapuiiaiuiniy.Wft JRUB IT! RHEUMATISMj Don't Suffer! Instantly Relieveoore, .acning muscles anaJoints With "St. Jacob'sLiniment."fail to observe the wheatless andjneatless days and meals requestedby President Wilson, 8-year-oldPAIN STOPS, TRY IT ! Johnnie and 6-year-old Susie willdemand to Jfenow tne reason way. -The idea of putting the schoolchildren to work along the foodline, conceded to be the most dangerous part of the battle line, originated, with State SuperintendentV. 0. Gilbert. Superintendent Gilbert broached the idea to J. W.Don't Seem Right, Some Way."This law is a queer business." "Howso?" "They swear a man to tell thetruth." "What then?" "And everytime he shows signs of doing It, somelawyer objects." Louisville Courier-Journal.Rheumatism is "pain only."Not one case in fifty requires internal treatment. , Stop drugging! j Burns, chaifjman of the traveling.Evuu me jimsery ngni awayj app , men's division o me food aummissoothing, penetrating "St. Jacob's tration, who thought it a good one.Liniment" directly upon the tenderer. Burns conferred with Federalspot- and relief comes instantly, pood Administrator F. M. Sacked:,"St. Jacob's Liniment conquers wno was equally pleased. The repain. It is harmless rheumatism ( suit was that Superintendent Gilliniment which never disappoints her t asked the aid of every schooland can not burn-the skin. , (teacher in Kentucky.Limber up! Stop complaining! There are 10000 school-teachersGet a small triai bottle of "St.i.n te state having under theirJacob's Liniment" at any drug guidance several hundred thousandstore, and in just a moment you'll pupils. It cost. the. State of Keh-oe rree from rheumatic pain, sore- tucky 3oq jn postage alone-to sendness and stiffness. Don't suffer!Relief awaits you. "St. Jacob's Lin-iment" is just as good for sciatica,neuralgia,, lumbago, backache,sprains t-aiid -swellings..!these letters, but Supt. .Gilbert, in aletter to Stat headquarters of thefood administration; in Louisville,said'Wev believe Hhe- moneyspentfor" thisppfltagleVilirot be' "wast -Origination of Word Paper.The word "paper" is derived fromthe word 'Tabler," the, native namof the papyrus flax from which theEgyptians made paper.CAUL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and . Courteous Attention tPatrontX - .-f !&HOT AND GOLD BATHS.A MAN AND I-flS WIFE. " . ... . -' .tDRY QUiMm. ,may both derive saiisfactio'mby having their worn and foiJM"garments cleaned by us. Thecost js nominal, whilelthe pleasure of wearing old Vlothe that;have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a gfeitving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us. , ;LEW, THECumberland rkow 40:.(adY)fmm.!ii..-'-$nK i"v.&i: --fpjtrKn&V-'fc vr v:x?-N..jr- . - .,-.rr.r-w ''--3J.T T TV " 1T- - .-V"7"i '"v-ni-XV --r .aHBV-.TTTi-". S- --r.-'-w.Tt;. ' - ..,KP--J jPWPp jjl 4tEKr- in -- -'-.TTT, i Qte J rrf - - ?.- - 3l''- z r "?-tt.t j - - ' M - - - v . -- ,., . -vI-TTT, i'-ia 3v rrf : 5.'- .'-' -rar - -, - -. -- .. -"WS AUCWtymtt'Ur&4JMOK A PARISIA "SOKE-t- r, HHIRE IK PRANCE'. --:f-,.i- -T "Pfciit the American soldiers in' rjce are very quick to adapt"- tkwU3 elves to their new surround' ;ifts is clearly shown in extractsfromletters received here by relatives and friends of Sergt. ThomasLed Guilfoyle, formerly of . Paris.Sergti. Guilfoyle is the son of Mrs.Rosa.. Guilfoyle, of " Paris. He enlisted about two years ago in theUaited States army. He saw dutyon the Mexican border last spring,and Ton promotion rapidly. Horeached his present grade 'of Sergat by being promoted to 'theramkr from the lower one of Corporal within a week. Sergt. GuilJoyle is a member of Co. B., SixthUaitd States Engineers. Sergeants Guilfoyle writes in part the following: "We certainly had. pleasant voyage pver, arriving -Christmas "Eve.JYhi .iaye no idea the impressionthat goes with one on the ocean. It- surely was some revelation to meand- I am quite sure that God directed and- guided our every moment, or else you would never havereceived this little notice from me.J enjoyed looking at the great wavesrise and fall, and the nights, well,they were simply beautiful withnothing but the sky and stars abovethe deep blue sea beneath."I am feeling fine and the boysare" also in great shape. Lookingout th window of this little Frenchchateaux, it is most amusing to seethe dear little French kiddies -withtheir, wooden shoes out tnere laugh-'"ing-and playing in the snow, whichby 'the way is about four inchesdeep just now.The climate here is dry andcold and. I think best suited forone's health, although I believe thowinters here are much more severeihan ttie winters at home. Home,my ljut that word sounds good,doesn't it? In writing this I havebeen assisted by a friend who haskindly held the good old-fashionedflash-light 50 that I could see whatT was trying to write."Went to mass last Sunday in thequaintest little French chapel. Inaven't seen a frame building sincecoming here. All the boys are doing fine, and as for myself, well, Inever in all my life felt better norenjoyed a better appetite, but thissort of weather always did agreewith me. The farmers here live inlittle villages not far apart andthere is certainly something veryfascinating about these French villages. Bon-Vim is a liquid refreshment here and they say it tastesmore "like vinegar. The boys indulge in the the above named produet during the hours of from 5:00;"UV u: '. v'rr IZ iiHere must think tie boys are allYii11f-Yi4T'ac liirtmnor frftm ttlA',miiuuuft", jt,iie, ,.w-prices they charge them for things.Why, even the old-fashioned tallowcandle so common at home, coststwo or three fanes over here, thatis when you buy from the Frenchshops."GERMANS GLOATING OVER THE: SINKING OE TUSCANIA.'German newspapers are n gloatingover the psychological effect"wrhich they expect the sinking ofthe -Tuscania must produce inAmerica.The Koelnische Volks Zeitungsays the event must unfailinglydampen the spirit or Americansand proceeds:"Sundry American vessels, soraswith .munitions and perhaps a smalli'number .of soldiers, have been .sunibefore, but so 'far as we know thisis 'ibe first case of a big transportwith a considerable number oftroops aboard falling victim to ourU-bbats. Maybe large sized transports have never or rarely so farcrossed, for the American forces inFrance are not yet very large."As such vessels must be convoyed with great care, our U-boats'achievement is all- the more remarkable and gratifying."THANKS!Oir Business for the Yearll17 was More ThanDouble that of the Pre-r-r-ceding Year.For this we exterfc ourI thanks to our patrons andwWijor them a happy andecetsful year m 1918 inletfcir business nursuits.C-Su-CALLAGAINWILMOTH- SZL,-L-'-iM. i H -"-5 J9RNIC;J9 ' v; Jbwr May, Hardware "3 - w -75 JJi-ir'S;: vSfSv4-r-i.fc " rtW6 T, -Davis Jrodu Cat A, ; ,jvrare just beginning to complete theirlorganizations preparatory to entering into the work in earnest. Already several thousand dollars worthof the stamps have been sold to ourfar-sighted business men who areeager for the stamps j&s investments,but as the sale of these stamps islimited to not more than $1,000worth to each person, it will be seenthat everyone m the countyjnust also buy liberally to make the sale asuccess.Bourbon County is asked to buyabout $340,000 worth ' of ThriftStamps, which means that if everyperson in Bourbon County would buy$20 worth of stamps each, it wouldjust take up Bourbon's allotment.There are some, of course, whocannot buy this amount, while otherscan, and no doubt will, increase theirpurchases to many times this figure,and the committees in charge of thesale of the Thrift Stamps are onlyasking that each person buy just asmany of the stamps as they can.To purchasers of Thrift Stamps theU. S. Government has made the investment most attractive, and an investment that will not work a hardship on anyone. The Government notonly -pays' the investors a high rateof interest on these Thrift Stampsbut also makes provisions to redeem the stamps, at any time. Thereis no risk and no trouble for anyone,the stamps are gilt-edged investmentsbecause they can be cashed at anytime, should occasion demand. However, it is needless to say that butfew people will ever desire to partwith an investment in Thrift Stampsbecause interest drawn by them iscompounded quarterly, making thema superior investment even "to theLiberty Loan Bonds.Hemember, you can start to buying Thrift Stamps in as smallamounts as 25 cents. Get the savinghabit buy Thrift Stamps until youhave acquired the limit. No betterinvestment in Government paper willever be obtainable.The sales organization for the bigdrive for the sale of Thrift Stampsin Paris and Bourbon County is being completed, and already encouraging reports from the members ofthe committees are being received byChairman S. E. Bedford.At a recent meeting of the Advisory Committee appointed to workwith Chairman Bedford, a number ofcommittees were appointed to placethe sales of the Thrift Stamps withmerchants, business men in general,through public and private schools,Sunday Schools, etc., and this work isbeing rapidly pushed.The following gentlemen were appointed to place the Thrift Stampson sale through the Paris businesshouses :Messrs. D. C. Parrish, WalterPayne, C. JP. Cook, Edw. Prichard, A.B. Hancock, and M. P. Collier.Mr. Rudolph Davis was, appointedw Place the Thrift Stamps on salethropugh empl0yes of the L. & N. Rail-- -r-.roau L-ompany, m rans.Prof A L Boatrteht war nnnnint-,ed a committee to nush the sale ofThrift Stamps through the SundaySchools in Paris.Superintendent T. A. Hendricks ofthe Paris Public School will direct theintroduction of the Thrift Stamps into the Paris Schools. Through thegenerosity of the four banks of Parisall the school children will befurnished free a card with one 25cent stamp attached.The sale of Thrift Stamps to children in all the private schools in Pariswas placed in charge of Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland. Already a largenumber of stamps have been disposedof to the school children, and they-are taking great interest and delightin the project.Mayor E. B. January was appoint-ea a committee to confer with thedifferent fraternal societies in Parisfor the purpose of pushing the salesof Thrift Stamps among the lodgemembers, and no doubt the sales ofthese stamps will meet with generalfavor in fraternal circles in Paris.All of the above named committeesare designated as Chairmen, andthey have been instructed to namesuch persons as members of theirrespective committees as they deemnecessary.A number of the business men inParis have been solicited bymembers of the committees and nilsubscribed liberallv for -ThriftStamps to be sold by them at theirrespective places of business. Amongthose who-have subscribed and agreedto open Selling Agencies for ThriftStamps the following names havebeen reported:John Merringer, Plumber.Grant Owsley, Restaurant.B. Friedman, Shoe Store.The J. T. Hinton Co., FurnitureStore.L. Howard, Grocer.Bruce Holladay, Confectioner.R. P. Walsh, Glothier.L. Oberdorfer, Druggist.Harris & Dale, Restaurant.Lavin & Connell, Grocers.Stant. Rummans, Clothier.P. M. Heller, Meat Market.Fred Weckesser, Busy Bee Store.Chas. Goldstein, Dry Goods.Baldwin Bros., Meat Market.Chas. Munson, Grocer.W. T. Talbott, Clothier.L. Wollstein, Clothier.H. Margolen, Meat Market.Kress & Co., 10 Cent Store.J. W. Davis & Co., Clothiers:THE BOURBON NEWS.Daugherty Bros., Kodaks, Etc.Paris Book Co., Books and Stationery. xMitchell & Blakemore, Clothiers.C. B. Mitchell, Confectionery.Ardery Drug Co., Drugs.Frank & Co., Dry Goods.Price & Co., Clothiers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Cahal Bros., Barbers.Brooks & Snapp,-Drugs.' Posner Bros., Shoes., Lusk & Shea, Grocers.Shire fe.Fithian, Jewelers.H. M, Colling 4b Co., Clothiers.jf Tyjmiers uo,? Jcwtlers.BOUMOir COUMTT JUXTXCAQTIVE THRIFT STAMPCAMPAIGN.The sale of Bourbon County's allotment of Thrift Stamps is meetingwith much success already,- despiteth fact that the workine committees- - Tr . ?DEATHS;' -COLUMBIA.- The funeral of Jno. Columbiainfant son ofMr. and Mrs. George"Columbia, who diedv Wednesday ofpneumonia af the home of his parents, on the Ball farm, near Paris,was held yesterday morning at ten;o'clock, in the Paris Cemetery, withservices conducted at the grave byRev. R. C, Goldsmith, pastor of theParis Baptist church.WATSON.The body of Charles Watson,who died in Covington, Mondaynight, was brought to Paris, Tues'-:day night, and taken to the home ofhis sister-in-law, Mrs. James Watson, at 1506 South Main streetThe body, accompanied by thejas ever attended one of thessfuneral party, was taken to Eliza-ville, Wednesday morning, for interment. Mr. Watson was connected with the Louisville & Nashvilleservice in Covington, and wellknow among railroad men.BRYAN.Mr. A. P. Bryan, aged eightyseven, one of the older regime offarmers in Bourbon county, whohad resided nearly all his long andactive life in the vicinity of NorthMiddletown died at his home in thatplace, early yesterday morning, after an illness of a few weeks. During a recent icy spell Mr. Bryanfell on the pavement at his home',suffering a broken hip, this beingindirectly the cause of his death.Mr. Bryan is survived by his widow, who was formerly Miss SydneyMoreland, a sister of Mr. James H.Moreland, of Paris, and one daughter, Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon, ofFrankfort, and three grandchildren.The funeral will be held at thelate home of Mr. Bryan at twox'clock this" (Friday) afternoon,with services conducted by Rev.Frank M. Tinder, pastor of theNorth Middletown Christian churchof which Mr. Bryan had -been longa faithful and devoted memberThe burial will follow on the family lot in the North MiddletownCemetery.ADAIR.The funeral of Mrs. Mary Adair,aged about ninety, who died at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. WillA. Apperson, in Mt. Sterling, Monday, of the infirmities of age, washeld at the Apperson home, in thatcity, Wednesday morning. The bodywas -brought here and interredon the family lot in hte Paris Cemetery, with short services conducted at the grave by Rev. W. E. Ellispastor of the Paris tJhristia-achurch.Mrs. Adair had been an invalidsince December, 1917, when she fellon the pavement at the home of herdaughter, and suffered a brokenhip. She was born and reared inMontgomery county, her father being the late Mr.David Hathaway,-who owned a large farm near theold Somerset church, in Montgomery county. Mrs. Adair was thewidow of Dr. R. M. Adair, who wasa prominent dentist in Paris formany years,. and was the mother ofthe late Mr. Albert C. Adair, formany years manager of the Western Union Telegraph Co.'s Parisoffice, and City Clerk of Paris. Mrs.Apperson, who wilUbe rememberedin Paris as Miss Katie Adair, is heronly surviving child. She was awoman of 'fine intellect, a devotedmember of the Christian church,and a woman whom it was a genuine pleasure to know.m m mB-4 FIREInsure with$.0. HINTON &SON,Agtsm m m$300,000 DAMAGE IN FIRE ATVASSAR COLLEGE.Fire which broke out at 6:45o'clock Tuesday night in -the eastwing of the main building at Vassar College, at Poughkeepsie, N. Y.,did $300,000 damage and threatened for a long time to destroy thoentire buliding. It was not' until 9o'clock that the blaze was broughtunder control. The damage wasconfined to the dining room, assembly hall, kitchen and servants quarters.' None of the students were injured. J. S. Wilson & Bro., Seeds, Etc.For,d & Co., Hardware.L. R. Bramblette, Groceries.Ira Parks & Son, Fordv Garage.Miss Lucy Simms.Mrs. W. O. Hinton.County .Judge George BattertonWm. G. McClintock, Sheriff.Stuart & O'Brien, -Coal.Farmers' Supply Co., Hardware. "Pastime Billiard Hall. " -Mitchell House, Boarding.Dan Jordan & Co., Groceries. 'Templin Lumber Co., Lumber.S. Ti Chipley, Groceries.Bourbon Lumber Co., Lumber.T. J. Flora, Coal.Y. M. C. A. Building.Other agencies will be added.Chairman S. E. Bedford hasbeen notified that Mr'. . Henry S..Caywood, the well known North -Middletownfarmer and stock dealer, hadagreed to present each child in theNorth Middletown precinct with aThrift Stamp. The children can secure a card, on which will-be attached:the Thrift Stamp , prewnttd-by Mr."J ; Wa; ;.py- ?"if : on - Jahwr J ohnRELIGIOUS.Important business matters areto be considered at a meeting of theChurch Board, of the North Middletown1 Christian ChurcfiT to be held.at the church next Sunday. The5Board at a recent meeting decidedto dispense with the night serviceso that Rev. Mr. Tinder, the pastor,could hold special meetings at various places for the purpose of furthering the conservation of fuel andifdod.The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:30 at the court.house. The subject will be, "WhatMy Church Is Doing." Leader, Mrs."John Merringer. Tnere was thelargest crowd out last Sunday thatmeetings. Great interest is beingmanifested by the young people,and very interesting programs arebeing presented. The contest isbeing waged by all, with a goodprospect of being the winner. Thepublic is cordially invited to attend. STRAWS SHOW WHICHTHE WIND BLOWS.-WAYThere is an old and very tritesaying that "Straws show whichway the wind blows." This" oldsaying is very applicabe at the .present time to the printing trades,when a customer thinks he 'is being charged an excessive price fora job of work in which the firstcost is almost entirely taken up Inthe matter of paper stock.The following card, received justa1 few days ago from one of theCincinnati paper houses, one of thelargest concerns of its kind in theUnited States, shows which waythe wind is blowing, and tends to.point out to the observant and reasonable business man the fact thatthe stringent conditions in the paper market brought about by warconditions, has by no means yetpassed. The card is as follows:"Owing to the very unusual conditions at the present time, all paper manufacturers have withdrawnprices on account of the increasedcost of production. Consequentlywe are forced to withdraws allprices."We still require several days torevise prices, based on to-day'scosts, and until this is accomplished, we are of necessity obliged toask you to request quotations onall your requirements."-; All this may have a merely technical sound to the unitiated, but tothe man whose capital is investedin the printing business it meansmore than that. It means that hemust get more for his work in order to come out even or to make afair profit. And yet the consumercan not understand Why prices haveincreased since he had that last jobprinted. "RESOLUTIONS 0E RESPECTPARIS, KY., Feb. 7, 1918.Whereas, The death angel hasagain entered our ranks in the fraternal circle and brought sadness toour hearts in taking away our belovedpnmnanion and brother. J. M. Abnee,who was called to that Grand Lodgeon high, Jan. 23, 1918, and feelingthe sorrow of our loss we desire togive expression thereto in the ioiiowing resolutions:Resolved, That in the death of Bro.Abnee, our lodge has lost a true andlnvnl member, the community a useful citizen, and his family a loyal anddevoted brother.Resolved, That we extend to thebereaved brother and sister our deepest sympathy in their loss and commpnH them in nraverful tenderness toHim who alone has power and rightto give and to take away, as seemetnbest in his sight.Resolved. That a copy of theseresolutions be ent to the local papersJfor publication, a copy oe sent to nissister and brother and that a page beset apart in the minute book for acopy of these resolutions.THOS. M. FUNK,J. K. CAHAL,Committee.Jlathbone Lodge, K. of P., No. 12Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.?9B 1 1DISTRICT MEETING OF EBENEZER PRESBYTERY.The district meeting of the EbeJnezer Presbytery was neitt Wednesday at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Newton Mitchell, on Duncan avenue. Luncheon was served by theLadies' Aid Society of the Parischurch, after which a general discussionwas held on the subject ofa general campaign to create a sentiment in favor of larger contributions for benevolent purposes, andfor home and foreign missions.Among the ministers and lay delegates present were Rev. E. L. Wilson, of Lexington; Rev. I. C. Hunt,of Covington; Jlev. P. S. Rhodes, offintnnville: Rev. A. S, Venable, of.'Millersburg; W, D.-Mclntyre, Wm.Layson, Thos, L. Marshall, Miiiersburg; T5r. J. T. Vitasnt, CharlesiirihAll. Robert P. Dov,-Wm.' H.- V. - -s " 1:4tP" HHM "WWftnk&:JStore Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be tlosed on Mondays:ON -ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCESALE VUNTIC ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINS'OFFERED ARE SOLD.:SPECIAL,i.'.V",?DRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance. ;FRANK & CO.KENTUCKY MAN WINS CUP INTRAPSHOOTING TOUR-NAMENT.Mr. Victor K. Dodge,- of Lexington, brother of Mr. James Dodge,of Paris, won the Challenge Cupand $190 in prizes -at Kansas City,Wednesday, in the National TrapShooting Tournament. Mr. Dodgedefeated Hoffman, of Pennsylvania,after they tied with 22 out of 25.After trying again In the "shootoff" Dodge" won "miss-and-out."The Challenge Cup was won lastyear in Kansas City by HarryStrother, of Winchester. It is redeemable for $100 in gold, or thewinner may retain it for one year,when it must again be contestedfor.Farm For Sale-AT-AUCTIONON SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23;1918, AT 1:30, P.M.at the Court House door, we willsell at Public Auction, 129 acres ofland, with a ten-acre tobacco barn,stable, corn crib and large silo, under new woven wire fence, well watered and lays. well. -No residenceon this land, but a beautiful building site. Located on Steele Pike.4 miles from .Paris. One hundredacres m old bluegrass soil r.eadyfor the plow, and some standingtimber; a rare chance indeed forsomeone. Don't forget the day anddate, February 23, 1918, in front ofthe. Court House door, at 1:30 p.m. Rain or shine, this farm is going to sell.' For further information, seePARIS REALTY CO.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3-t)WALNUT LOGS WANTEDFOR GUN STOCKS FOR U. &.' GOVERNMENT ORDERS"" We are jnanufacturers of Stocks for II. S Armv T?,-flochave Walnut. By selling your walnut timber origin ' and Sting an-important act in helping our country ?o wt J IU Me do"War. We also buy Oak, Ash, Poplar, Hickorl WrldWe pay cash and highest possible! pricesWrite us, stating full narticulftiVnf aM1LAP. O. address, location, etc. PracuUrs of Woximate number of trees; .W00D-MQSAIC C0.,Jc:. Uxi.vWTr:''i:,W-Ifait,-tt,PRICESON ALL . ".SUITS fCOATS 'andX-- .i-.. -x.-Fresh Cow For .Sale.I have a good Jersey Cow forsale, now fresh; and another onewill be fresh soon.(15-4t-FJ A. S. THOMPSON.Trees! Shrubs! Plants!Now is the time to plant yourOrchard, Lawn, and Garden.Our large descriptive catalogue ofreliable Fruit ana Shade "TreesSmall Fruits, Shrubs, Evergreens'Grapes, Asparagus, Seed "Potatoes'Strawberry Plants, Etc., are freeupon inquiry.No Agents! Write To-day!H. P. HULENMEYER & SONS,Public SaleBourbon County FaimWe will sell at public auction; onI n-?remises' of a mile fromIW5LSrSe"o5adS'011 thG C1Thursday,Feb.21,191&beginning at 1:30 o'clock 75 acresof land, improved with a five roomhouse; 10 acre tobacco , barn; 2cribs; feed barn; garage,- new silaand cistern at house and barnv?wTnS Water in rear of farmThere are now 20 acres seeded 'towheat, the balance of the place beSh m bluegrass' clover and tim-This farm is now occupied byMr. Harvey Wagoner. - -TERMS Made known on day ofTVf . rr PARIS REATY CO.(15-2t) enne3r' Auctioneer.ttii ifiSM?City Jkttmal ItaJc?V-.&jtr.;1:-S -.: ' . .'- JSfcS- sjri .V-w rfvV 'f5",1?.-';- j."r 'iit, MBRUARY. IS, 1111,trc?-THE BOURBON- -"571 -r.g.;j . nc-.-m-j "fe-ri MjF-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESPBING SUITS CUSTOM. TAILORED.Qur complete spring line is in..and we would recommend an early-selection. -J. W. DAVIS & CO.THINGS TO WOERY ABOUTIn the show window of a. certainsmall grocry in a certain part ofthe city of Paris there is a handprinted sign, which reads as follows "We are compelled to keep closedo-n Sunday hy order Mare EphyJanuary."iD. OF C. TO MEET TO-MORROWAFTERNOON.Richard Hawes Chapter, ."Daughters of Confederacy, will meet inthe Confederate room in the courthouse to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon at 2:30 o'clock) A full attendance of the members is urgently requested.SEE HARRY MITCHELL FORCHOICEST GROCERIES.For choicest and purest of groceries, new and frash, call Cumb.phone 158. - -HARRY MITCHELL,(It) 106 East Main St.SPRING IS COMING.Undoubtedly Spring is on the waynow, so let's all take heart, andforget the rigorous winter we'vejust passed through. The EwingFair Association is advertising forsealed proposals for the sale of softdrinks, ice cream and pop corn.Hence, Spring must be on the way.AN INVITATION.A practical demonstrator for thePostmu Cereal Co. will be at ourstore to-day and to-morrow to showthe ladies of Bourbon county themerits- of -this famous company'sfamous products. Call in and sample these delicious cereals.(It) LOGAN HOWARD.YOU, WHO HAVE $20To invest in a suit or overcoat,should take a look at our showingof $20 suits.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHARLES RAY TO-DAY IN "THEHIRED MAN."In "The Hired Man," which IsCharles Ray's newest Paramountpicture, and which is to be shownat the Alamo Theatre and the ParisGrand to-day, there is -not only anold-fashioned "corn-huskin'," but areal barn dance with a barrel ofcider and all the boys and girls intheir best "bib and tucker." Chas.Ray plays the part of Ezry Hollins,an ambitious farm hand, in lovewith the daughter of his "boss'which role is gracefully filled byDoris Lee, a new arrival to th2world of filmdom. The rest of thecast is very good, and the production was directed under the personal supervision of Thomas H. Ince.READ AD OF SMALL FARM ATAUCTION FEB. 19.In another column see the advertisement of the 91-acre farmon the Centerville & Jacksonvillepike to be sold at auction on thepremises, Tuesday, Feb. 19, at 1:30p. m.PARIS REALTY CO.(12-2t)D. A. R. TO GIVE PATRIOTICCARD PARTY.The Jemima Johnson Chapter,D. A, R., extends a cordial invitation to the public to attend a "Patriotic Card Party" to be given atMasonic Temple, on Friday, February 22, from 2:30 to 5:30.Bridge and Five Hundred will bethe order of the afternoon. Tablesmay be reserved by applying toMrs. W. G. Talbott, Cumberlandphone No. 907, Paris exchange. Refreshments will be served duringthe afternoon. An admission fee offifty cents will be charged. Theproceeds of the afternoon's entertainment will be devoted to war relief work., .mnMYSTERY SOLVED!SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coming and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs.- E. D. Rose continues veryill at her home near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John Brooks areat home from a visit to friends inWinchester.Mrs. O. H. Rice has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs.Thomas, in Carlisle.-Miss Rosina Elder has returned fnmi a visit to Miss MattioElder, in Richmond.Mrs. Newton H. Taylor was aguest several days this week of relatives in Lexington.Mrs. Logan Bryan is visitingher parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. B.Coons, in Georgetown. "Mr. Thomas Holliday is ill athis home on Eighth street with a-nattack of heart trouble.Mr. Everet Paton and familyhave moved from Henderson streetto the Giltner cottage on Houstonavenue.Mrs. L. C. Moore, of Detroit,Michigan, is visiting her mother,Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, on Houstonayenue.Mrs. Harry Booth, of Lawrenceburg; is a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, anFifth street.Miss Christine Feeback, whohas been quite ill at her home onSeventh street, for several days isimproving.Mr. James Adair has returnedto her home in Mayslick, after avisit to her- mother, -Mrs. Belle.Adair,near Paris.Mrs. Harry Bradley has returned from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. James Smith, in Taylors-ville, Spencer county.Mrs. H. A. Power is at homefrom a pleasant visit to her daughter, Miss Sara Power, at ScienceHill Academy, at Shelbyville.Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford and little daughter. BelleBrent, have returned from a visitto Mr. Ulie J. Howard, in Covington.7 Miss Ellizabeth Steele is convalescing froni an attack of measles at the home of her uncle, Mr.J. Hal Woodford, on Winchesterstreet.Mrs. Victor Whitridge, who isnow located in Akron, Ohio, is inParis as a guest of her daughter,Mrs. O. T. Hinton, and Mr. Hinton.Mr. Henry A. Power, of thePower Grocery Co., has returnedirom isew York, where he attendedthe recent meeting of the NationalWholesale Grocers' Association.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissMarie Cummins, of Paris, was aguest of friends here this -week ....Rev. W. E. Ellis and Mr. R. F.Clendenin, of Paris, were here, yesterday." Mrs. Louis Rogers has returned to her home near Paris, after avisit to her son, Mr. Harvey Rogers, who is a member of the Bourbon county contingent at CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Miss Louise Keal, of Paris, is aguest of her aunt, Mrs. John M.Woods Mrs. E. C. Fox was inParis this week to see her brother;Dr. W. C. Wilkerson, who is quiteill."Mrs. Wm. Swearengen and little son, George, wha have beenguests of relatives in Paris, havegone to Carthage, Ohio, to visit relatives. Mr. Swearengen, who hasbeen ill there at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Swearengen, is improving.Mr. Ireland "Bit" Davis, whohas been very ill for several weeksat his home on Duncan avenue, isno.w convalescent. Mr. Davis wasthe recipient of congratulationsfrom his numerous friends uponbeing able to be out on the streetsagain. ")ag m& i6HYDROPHOBIA .AMONG SHEEPIN HARRISON COUNTY.The mystery surrounding theerection of a huge billboard on thecourt house lawn, and speculationas to its probable use, was solvedyesterday, when -billposters appeared on the scene, armed with hugeposters, brushes and paste.As the result of their work therenow appears on the big billboardthe following Government messagefrom the National and State FoodCommission, which will set at easethose anxious inquirers who havebeen wondering to long:"Eat Less lst- Wheat UseMore Corn; 2nd Meat Use MoreFieh. and Bfcn: 3rd Fats UseJwt ; -?4fck uiTrrpeSyru. ii SrvvJto Cajuit-pfHydrophobia developed amongthe sheep of Luther Mastin, in theSalepi neighborhood, xn Harrisoncounty. Some of the sheep werebitten by a dog that was found tobe mad and was afterwards killed.Four of the animals were" affected.State Veterinarian Dr. S. F. Mussel-man, of Frankfort, wlio was homefor a few days, was called to Mr.Mastin's Sunday to inspect thesheep. There have been severallosses on account" of aogs gettinginto flocks on sheep and severalhajve died from injuries, but this isthe first case of hydrophobia.. m m mMARY PICKFORD IN "THE TATTLE PRINCESS."CITY PLANNING TO ERECTMORE ARC LIGHTS.The city-authorities are planningthe erection of a number of arclights to illuminate -JtJie dark spotsin Paris, and it is expected thework will begin very soon.The territory included betweenBank Row and Broadway, ,z. verylong stretch unbroken save by thecourt house and public square, isto benefit by the proposed lightingsystem. A big arc light is to Beinstalled at once on the high polein front of the A. J. Winters 6o.'splace of business, on Main street.This will clear up the darknessfrom Bank Row to Broadway. Theplan includes the erection of oneextra arc light on each square oilMain street up to Nineteenth street,additional lights in the White Addition and Massie Hospital groundsbesides a number of others, the ex--act .location of which, has not yetbeen determined.The Light Committee of theCouncil, made a tour of inspectionWednesday night over the city, locating the places where lights arebadly needed, and the arcs will beerected in accordance with theirsuggestions.MILLERS MAY SELL TWELVEPOUNDS OP FLOUR.The Paris Milling Company andE. F. Spears & Sons, local- millingconcerns, have been notified by theUunited S t a te s Government.,through the Food Commissioner,that they may now put up and sellflour in twelve pound sacks.., Some time ago they received instructions to-. the effect that theysell flour in twenty-five poundsacks only. This was done to eliminate the extra expense and troublecaused by making up the smallerquantities.Since the new ruling of the FoodCommission, which required thatwith each pound of" flour a poundof wheat substitutes must be purchased, there has been much complaint against the twenty-fivepound flour sack, as it means thatat the same time an equal amountof meal or other flour substitutemust be bought. In accordancewith this objection the Governmenthas issued 'this new order.It will be of much interest inParis, where there has been muchgrumbling against the necessity ofbuying fifty pounds of breadstuffat once.GovernmentWantsMechanicsU. S. Government must have menfor ship building. It needs mechanics, riveters, iron-workers, painters,blacksmith and carpenters.- Standard wages paid, housing furnishedtransportation from a distance.Register with Buckner Woodford,Jr., Bourbon Bank, Paris, Ky.-(5-4t);H!CALL IN ANDHEARTHIS ONE!-C:,?'t'--18428ConsuvlamThere's a Vacant Chair inEvery Home TonightShannon FourThe Dream -of a SoldierBoy Xharler Hart1 O-in., 75c;-t .Director Marshall Neilan succeeded in bringing a very realistic touchof "the real- London life to MaryPickford's Artcraft picture, "TheIiittle Princess," which will be theattraction at the Alamo and ParisGrand on Monday afternoon andevening, whe- he secured actualmotion pictures of th world celebrated clock, Big Ben, -to he usedin-scenee called for iiL the, novl xf.FranoM Holpfom Burtt,;aa aiapt""for tke iwrijw; v, y Wiri&M?Marios. -" ' - "'- yCyf .,-, - we?t-t- C."';-i:?;-. ' --xt-'atDaughertyBros.Fifth And Mainjj mmrr.mrKmmmaLlxmm'mmm?j-mu&. .yv.-.'V 'CLEARANCE SALEof Our Entire Stock ofLadies' Suits, Coats, DressesSkirts, Furs and MillinerySuits$20.00 values now $ 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 1 2.50$35.00 values now 1 5.00$35.00 values now ..." 1 7.50$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now . . .-. -. 25.00Coats$20.00 values now $ 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 1 2.50$30.00 values now 1 500$35.00 values now 1 7.50$45.00 values now . . . . 22.50$50.30 values now 25.00Our Entire Stock ofBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYAT HALF PRICEFurs$5.00 values now $ 2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15. 00 values no ar .-. . . . 7.50$2J. ')0 values now 1 0.OO$2;. 00 values now 1 2SO$30.00 values now. 1 5.00Skirts--All the remainder of our stock ofWomen's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE.PRICE for which they formerly sold.Ref ular $5 to $15 valutsSalt Price $2.50 to $7,50HARRY SIMON- COMETo Our February and MarchBIG CASH SALE!This sale comes right at the very time you needFurniture, Rugs, Mattingsand other Housef urnishings. Every time you buy a dollararticle you save twenty cents. Can you beat it? No, norequal it.Our Whole Stock IsIn This Big Cash Sale !! i i ,. , I, , ,Just Take 20 Per Cent Offthe regular price of anything you findin our stock and you know our stockis as good as you can find.el WT w BJBig Cash Sale Price of ThisMaple Rocker$3.98See the Queen Anne Solid WalnutDining Room Suite in Our WindowrCome to this Sale! We Save You Money!THEJ.T HINTON CO;MOTORflEARSE"'"rlMOTOR INVALID COACIW'1--UNDERTAKINGMbMNSTS.v"i r.mk m.m-immKwjmmm-rtmmm.i'mK.m'm--o-.r''-. ?-, ,- "" -S- v:- ,- 'lzVr-s-wTHJC fiOtftfeON N1WS, PAK1S, IT.k. "s-XTODAY, FUMARY IS. . IMS-U9nvP-IEi.Ifm&;rEitfanVmIf$intf rWBLIL-j4t tzJ.THElllflOO MARKETS.(Continued from Page 1)At Iadependent WarehouseTuesday, Feb. 12.The Independent Tobacco Warelouae Company had a floor of aboutlOtJOOO pounds of tobacco Tuesdayonly about half of which was sold,. due to the late hour at which thesale was started in the afternoonThe sale, was resumed on JVed-.neaay, lnorning at 9 o'clock, whenthremaiaaer of the floor was disponed of. As no general averagecould ,he Arrived at until all of the200,000 jw'unds is disposed of, nocro averages were available.BOURBON WAREHOUSE, TUESDAY, FEB. 12.- The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCoafpany sold Tuesday a total of277,190 pounds of tobacco for$81,512:23, an average of $29.41per hundred pounds. The qualityof ithe offerings was only medium,much low grade tobacco being Jnevidence. The following crop averages were reported:F. A. Wallis sold 10,515 poundsfof&n average of $31.32 per hundred pounds.Redmon & Wells sold 7,530You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA feaautlful line of Garlands on dieky. Come In and look them avar.Plisl.9t Rr Klafi-i,j fVk' ski vho wvvii it, vu I(Incorporated)yI W IINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanypTotal Salesv rSale ofDAILYr7r-:Tfcef Independent Tobacco Warahause Co.5 ml-jneacpounds for anaverage of $38.18 perJiundred pounds. .-Brute," Brent" &' Grey sold 15,130pounds for anfaverage of $35.67 perhundred pounds.Patton & Lail sold 4,185 poundsfor an average of $34.47 per hundred pounds.Ardery & Pookes sold 2,625pounds for an average of $40.8$ perhundred pounds.Cunningham & . Derrickso sold3,365 pounds for an average of$33.21 per hundred pounds.Eaynter & Cunningham sold1,580 pounds for an average of$33.33 per hundred pounds.Buckner & Mack sold 10,635pounds for an average of $33.06 perhundred pounds.Kuster & Son sold 2,675 poundsfor an average of $33.93 per hundred pounds. ""Allen & Faulkner sold 6,510pounds for an average of $31.91 perhundred pounds.Grimes & Reffett sold 3,275pounds for an average of $33.01 per.hundred pounds.G. K. Jones sold 1,555 poundsfor -an average of $32.07 per hundred pounds.Vimont & Fryman sold 1,390pounds for an average of $33.47 perhundred pounds.Rash' & Harney sold 3,609pounds for an average of $32.52 perhundred poundsEvans & Kane sold 8,540 poundsfor an average of S3 2. 4 6 per hundred pounds.Simms & Huffaker sold 4,095pounds for an average of $3867 perhundred pounds.Burke, Brent & Boaz sold 8,990pounds for an average of $35.36 perhundred pounds.Vimont & Hurst sold 2,310pounds for an average of $33.11 perhundred pounds.Caldwell & Johnson sold 4,980pounds for an average of $31.09 perhundred pounds.Rogers & Summers sold 2,390pounds for an average of $29.05 perhundred pounds.is niftKEEP IIVER ACTIVEs AND BOWELS CLEANWITH "CASCAHETS"Best When Bilious, Sick, Headachy,Constipated, or For Bad Breathor Sour Stomach.Be careful! Clean up inside tonight and feel fine. Take Cascaretsto liven your liver and clean thebowels and stop headaches, a badcold, biliousness, offensive breath,coated tongue, sallowness, sourstomach and gases. To-night' takeCascarets and enjoy the nicest,gentlest liver and bowel cleansingyou ever experienced. Wake upfeeling grand Everybody's doinIt. Cascarets Test laxative for children also. 'A 'Speaking and Thfnktna.Mrs. Peck "I always think twicebefore I speak-once." Peck "Exactly,my dear 1-but then you are suchquick thinker."THE(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYFor December 440,005 PoundsAverage, $27.83 'February 7tK, 83,760Average, $31.74WevInvite Comparison.SUESjWILL BEMELDExcept Saturdays(IaoorHrtttC)-PARIS, KENTUCKYPRESIDENT WILSOJT SATSTHIS;DECISlYJStanOAKt -President Wilson,"" in the course ofa message to the farmers of America, delivered through the Farmers'Conference- at Urbana, 111., made thefollowing very remarkable and significant statement, which is takento express the President's view thatthe decision of the world war willcome during the present year:"You will realize, as I thinkstatesmen on both side of the waterrealize, that the culminating crisisof the struggle has come and thatthe achievements of this year onthe one side or the other must determine the issue. It has turnedout that the forces which fight forfreedom, the freedom of men allover the world, as well as our own,depend upon us in an extraordinaryand unexpected degree for sustenance, for' the supply of materials bywhich men are to live and to fight,and it will be our glory when thewar is over that we have suppliedthose materials, and supplied themabundantly, and 'it will be our moreglory, because in supplying themhave jmade our supreme effort andsacrifice."THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach of vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyesr If so, yoncan get quick relier by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe the directions with each package. (adv-feb)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTField Marshal Von JHindenberg,originator of the "invincible" Hindenberg line, which the Alliessmashed to smithereens, now boasts'that he will be in Paris, France, byApril. Perhaps, but there will be awooden overcoat over you, Von Hin,and there "will be singing at yourhome, and you'll be too dead to 'hearit. Make war with your sword,Von Hin, and give your boastinglongue a vacation. Name your pallbearers before you try to reach theFrench capital!s te teGERMAN ARTIST WITH SENSEOF'HUMOR ARRESTED.iThe artist who designed papermoney of the denomination of 50nfenniers. which now is beine: circulated in several rural towns ofPrussia, has been -arrested at Niber-lannsteln on tne cnarge or noidmgup the Fatherland to ridicule. HUuiitJUbt; iuy, uucuiuiuH tu liic ivjlcuio-f - 1-.. 4.' 4 t, ITnni.bode of Rotterdam, in theornamen-vPoundst.z-S SgwfsN -,a -ki J- .W V- . ,5Va4S3i'WTVWtir H1 1' l CHICSWhen company comesthere is no time towaste no "chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon iand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She knoivs itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery day.Calumet cqntains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S Food Authorities.Ton tave wtca yon buy it.Yovsave whea yo use it.Kii9-A,tation on the margin of the bills.After the money had been in circulation for some time it was discovered that the marginal decorations consisted mostly of drawingsof articles of food. Above the picture of a ham the artist inscribed nmicroscopic letters,A tender mem-ory and a fond hope." Over a design of three turnips he wrote.,.,:,. ls how thG oermaTls ilvAww4k : .TheBaurbonTobacco Warehouse Co.t PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobacco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter of Land, forAn Average of $49.62Prices by baskets follow 175 lbs. 38c; 105 lbs. 40c; 125 lbs. 49c; 90 lbs. 55c;95 lbs. 50c; 170 lbs. 57c; 80 lbs. 55c, 90 lbs. 66c; 170 lbs. 51c; 165 lbs. 55c;55 lbs, 75c; 20 lbs. 58c; 75 ljs. 47c; 80 lbs. 44c; 125 lbs. 36c; 90 lbs. 30c. A largeper cent, of this crop was purchased by the American Tobacco Company.Some Other Good, AverageSale WereBuckley, Leer & RansdaleHaskins & SonGraves & WagonerConnell &, HerringtonHehr & ThomasArdery & Doyle .H Burke, Brent & MinkBryan & BeattyBishop & CraycraftRoberts & Maher Bros..Holds B-side thehavlnafsori"2l8259p95 pounds of tobacco for an averageof J$S7.35-a1i! thistr5Md Well ByMr. wmiani . Dennyf 102r ParkAve., Springfield, phitirrtteaiw , r- "I tod"at pltaiiruPff'iii' writingyou and thanking'Voii 'for "what Pruna has .already 'done for me. Ihave been fcroublnl with catarrh foryears, and it had. affected my .head,noee, throat and stomach, that Icould not eat nor sleep with any satisfaction. ' "IJiaye just taken three bottles. Ican "eat most anything and am greatlyrelieved of "nervousness, so that whenI lie down I can sleep without, theIsaet trouble. I recommend it to alliMse who are sufferers of that dreadftf! dittase, catarrhV "L. & N. TIMETABLEEffective, Sunday.TRAINSFROMWo; -14 AUant.. daiw A "..'It Rowland, dally except Sunday17 MavRiHIlAs rtfttlv AiPAnt Riitidav40 Lexington daily except Sunday.. -, - .. 7:40 aaiS7 Cincinnati, O., dally.... . 10n:(!& la12 Lexington, dally.. ': ". J2r2I smx33 Chicago, dally' .": 10:20xanv9 UTaysville, Daily Except Sunday 5:40 aim138 Lexington, Daily 3 .10. am3S Knoxvllle, Tehn., Dally .' 3:1 It11--39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sundayv. .7. : 5:10 pat16 Lexington, Daijy Except Sunday 6:30 pnv,32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily . .v. . . 6:45 pm131 Lexington Dally ;....- 10;2331 Cincinnati, O., .Daily I v-- 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only - 12v.30 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only -,; 5:40 BTRAINS FORNo.34 Cincinnati, daily40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday...17 Lexington daily except Sunday...10 Maysville, daily except Sunday. .13 Lexington, dally except Sunday37 Knoxville, daily33 Jacksonville, daily129 Lexington, daily38 Cincinnati, dally39 Lexington, daily except Sunday9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday16 Maysville, daily except Sunday32 Chicago, dally131 Lexington, Daily31 Atlanta, Ga,, Dally210 Maysville, Sunday only209 Lexington-Sunday only'O. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky.t Daily, Ex. Sunday- 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday r 1:50 p. n,TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday :... 825 a. m:Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex Sunday - i:25 p. rx(Incorporated)4410 pounds, average,. 34.79.. l..,.... 1820 pounds, average 33.58- .., - -2295 pounds, average 33.09JCrop Record, the Marketaverage was aiso aoove crie average of,-1.5. ,Vf?PERCatarrhFor YearsCan NowEat andSleepTo MySatisfactiomThose who obiect tar liauid-meefi-.cines c.an precura PernnaxTaWetsvJune 17, 117, 12:01 ...-arrival:-vTr- i?TE,TW--fe,-i'. ..5:20anv:"T. I... ...7:31.. ..... ...-.. a. .7:38J LEAVI.2 125 am.7:45 ai"7:47 ant' 741. .... . . .. 10:28fZ'ZZxir., 3:2 ia3:25 fas..i:S7 pes:00 pm6:4S p6:50 xn. 1037 pm10:38 H-12:35 pm4:47 jme- NOn This ;A fr.n 2530 pounds, average.!! $40.05....3990 pounds, Average 35.05...1830 pounds, average 35.171....4315 pounds, average 35.111255 pounds, average 37.383345" pounds, average 34.39.7730 pounds, average . 34.76Record for Parisf"yany market in Kentucky,TNip wp&c,ii?,-JVvt? -Uk-5. vJ" $1j.. .-v -rtTt-VSTfff- r----vf '-V.V-TRWAX, JFgBRUAgYjl5, 191j;rHB BOUICBON KffWB, PAtftt, It.OyiUHMMMiinMM!.r? T- -.? iHAfrmd Nervous MothersShould Profit by the Experienceof These Two WomenBuffalo, 3S Y. "I am the mother of four children, and fornearly three years I suffered from a female trouble with pamsm my Dacii: ana siae ana a general -veaKness. jl naa pro-JiM. ie33lonai acienaance moa&uxtuuu time uui tua not seem to' sv erefc well. As n last resort I decided to try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which I had seenadvertised in the newspapers, and in two weeks noticeda marked improvement. I continued its use and amnow free from pain and able to do all my housework." Mrs. B. B. Zielinska, 202 Weiss Street,BuSalo, tf . Y. 'Portland, Ind. "I had a displacement and sufferedso badly from it at time's I could not be on my feetat all. I was all run down and so weak I could notdo my housework, was nervous and could not heaown au nignu. i cook Tireaumeniis uuiii a puysiuianbut they did not help me. My Aunt recommendedLvdia. R. Pinlrhnrn's Vfie-fitahlfi Ooinnound. 1 triedit and nowl am strong and well again and domy own work and I give Xydia E. Pinkham'sL Compound the credit." Mrs. Josephine1 Kimble, 935 West Race Street, Portland, Jnd.i!ear eyc3,--and does not'seekre them.Ax&7. Every Sick Woman Should TryLYDIA E. P1NKH AM SVEGETABLE COMPOUND1YD1A E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN, MASS.Ill I III HT TMMiPRESIDENT WILSON ANSWERSYON HERTLING AND CZERNINPresident Woodrow Wilson at12:20 Monday addressed the Congress of the United States qn theattitude of the United states to therecent speeches made by GermanChancellor Von Hertling 'and theAustrian Foreign Minister, CountCzernin.The President's decision to address Congress on the subject followed several days of conferences-with Colonel House, his personalrepresentative to the allied conferences abroad. 'As has lately jbe-come his custom he gave very shortnotice of his plans, in fact only just)tm& onnnfrli fnr Cnn errpRK leadersto arrange a joint session.Following the custom Inaugurated with other addresses of its kindPresident Wilson's words werecabled by the government to all th2principal cities of the world. Inthis way it was hoped to get theamswer to Von Hertling and Czernin to the ears of the people, ofGermany, Austria and Russia.Members of Congress accepted theaddress not as a peace message, butas notice to the Central Powers thatthe United States cannot be turnedaside from the object for which it isfighting, and a warning to Congressand the American people that thetask of sending- the nation's fighting anen to the front must not beinterfered with by equivocal ana-misleading utterances of Teutonicstatesmen.President Wilson addressed Con's ress--Monday as follows:"Gentlemen of the Congress:"On the 8th of January I had!now engaged in the war, must bediscussed and settled, not in general council, but severally by thenations most immediately concerned by interest or neighborhood."He agrees that the seas shouldbe'iree, but looks askance at anylimitation to that freedmon by international action in the interest ofthe common order. He would,without reserve, be glad, to see economic barriers removed betweennation and nation, for that couldin no way impede the ambitions ofthe military party with whom heseems constrained to keep on terms.Neither does he rise objection to alimitation of armaments. Thatmatter will be settled of itself, hethinks, by the economic conditionswhich must follow the war."But the German colonies, he demands, must be returned withoutdebate. He will discuss with noone but the representatives of Russia what disposition shall be madeof the peoples and the lands of theBaltic provinces; with no one butthe Government of France the conditions under which French territory shall be evacuated, and onlywith Austria what shall be .donewith Poland."In the determination of allquestions affecting the Balkanfolates he defers, as I understandhim, to Austria and Turkey; andwith regard to the agreements tobe entered into concerning non-Turkish peoples of the present Ottoman Empire to the Turkish authorities themselves. After a settlement allN around, effected in thisfashion, by individual barter andconcession, he would have no objection, if I correctly interpret hisstatement, to a league of nationswhich would undertake to hold thenew balance or power steaayagainst external disturbance."It must be evident to every onethe honor of addressing you on theobjects of the war as our people :who understands what this war hasconceive them. The Prime Minis- tWroUght in the opinion and temperter of Great Britain had spoken in of the worid that no general peace,similar -terms-on the 5th of Janu-iI10 peace WOrth the infinite sacriary. To these addresses the Ger- fices of these yearg of tragicalman Chancellor replied on the(SUffering can possibly be arrived at24th and Count Czernin,. lor Aus-jin anv such association. Thetria. on the same day. it is grati-;,,.,, f-u r.prm!l1, chn.Tiop.iinr nrnfying to have our desire so prompt- pQses is te method of the Congressly realized that all exchanges of of Vienna. We cannot and will notview on this great matter should be-return t0 that. What is 'at stakemade in the hearing of all vfnej ,now is the peace of the world,world. - i What we are striving for is a new"Count Czernin's reply, which is international order based upondirected chiefly to my own aaar tr0ad and universal principles ofon the 8th of January, is uttered right and jUtice no mere peacein a very friendly tone. cf shreds-and patches..;.H?.nn??A"LsrT"a,fu;i "Is it .possible thatCount voncienuy eucuuid6m6 t;l" JS Hertling does not see that, does notthe views of his own Government j in acfc into justify him jn believing that it fh hf. ,n wnrlrt rtfiaA. and p,onfi?a f oil thought in a world dead and gone'.'UdCvxl- . . . , m . 4.T Tft.A1kJrias ne uy.eny lurguiieu itie xveiuii-'resolutions of the 19th offurnishes a basis for a moreed discussion of purpose by the two gr:rr,ir;w tC,i ?. h raie ewas expressing had been commun-icated to me beforehand and thatthem? They spoke of the conditions of a general peace, not of.D".oreiu" .!" ,: national aggrandizement or of ar-was aware ot tnem at me iuuc ie ..- hfit.wwn state andspread to every region of theworld? The Reichstag resolutionsof July themselves frankly acceptedthe decisions of that Court."There shall be no annexations,no contributions, no punitive damages. Peoples are not to be handedabout from one sovereignty to another by an international conference, or an understanding betweenrivals and antagonists. Nationalaspirations must be respected;peoples may now be dominated andgoverned only by their own consent. " 'Self-determination' is not amere phrase. It is an imperativeprinciple of action, which statesmen will henceforth ignore at theirperil. We cannot have general peacefor the asking, or by the mere arlangments of a peace conference. Itcannot be pieced together out ofindividual understanding betweenpowerful states., "All the parties to this war mustjoin in the settlement of every issueanywhere involved in it, becausewhat we are seekine is a Deace thatwe can unite to guarantee antfmaintain, and every item of it mustbe submitted to the common judgment whether it be right and fair,Jan act of justice, rather that a bargain between sovereigns."The United States has no desireto interfere in European affairs orto act as arbiter in European territorial disputes. We would disdainto take advantage of any internalweakness or disorder to impdse herown will upon another people. Sheis quite ready to be shown that thesettlements she had suggested arenot the best or the most enduring.They are only her own provisionalsketch of principles, and of the wayin which they should be applied."But she entered this war because 'she was made a partner,whether she would or not, in thesufferings and indignities inflictedby the military masters of Germany, against the peace and security of mankind; and the conditionsof peace will touch her as nearlyas they will touch any "other nation to which is entrusted a leading part in the maintenance of civilization. She cannot see her wayto peace until the causes of thiswar are removed, its renewal rendered as nearly as may be impossible. "This war had its roots in thedisregard of the rights of small nations and of nationalities whichlacked the union and the force tomake good their claim to determinetheir ownallegiances and their ownforms of political life."Covenants must now be enteredinto which will render such thingsimpossible for the future; and thosecovenants must be backed by theunited force of all the nations thatlove justice and are willing ton-Vrangementsstate. The peaceof the Av-orld de-was uttering them; but in this Iwas ;mre ne was misunueibtuuu. dg n the jugt settiement" ofI had received no mtimation of h Qf problems t0what he intended to say. i&ere hich T adverted in my recent ad-was, 01 COUrse, no .i eaauu "jni1u .rvmrrmn irate urivately withime. I am quite content to ue oueof nis public audience."Count von Hertling's reply is, Imust say, very vague and very confusing. It is full of equivocalphrases and leads it is not clear-where. "But it is certainly in a verydifferent tone from that of CountCzernin, ana apparently of an opposite purpose."It confirms, I am sorry to say,rather than removes, the unfortunate impression made by what wenad learned of the conferences at-RrARt.. tn vsk. His discussion andacceDtance of our general principles lead him to no particular conclusions. He refuses to apply themto the -substantive items which,must constitute the body of anynal settlement."He is jealous of internationalaction and of international counsel. He accepts, "he says, the principle of public diplomacy, but heappears to Insist that it he confined,strany- rate in this case, to generalities that , the several particularquestions of territory and sover.einty, the sevaraTquestions uponvrbcm.qmt uet epond thC(uncV5 y tllfr 2f ;ttsdress to the Congress."I, of course, do not mean thatthe peace of the world dependsupon the acceptance -of any particular set of suggestions as t to theway in which those problems are" tobe 'dealt with.tho"Se problemsmaintain it at any cost. If territorial settlements and the politicalrelations of great populationswhich have not the organized power to resist are to be; determinedby the contracts of the powerfulGovernments which consider themselves most directly affected, asCount von Hertling proposes, whymay not economic questions also?"It has come about in the alteredworld in wfiich we now find our-I mean only that serves tuai justice ana me ngnis u.anY, a nil n ffpcf 1 peoples aitect the whole field orthe whole -world,- that unless theyare dealt with in a spirit of unsel-Jfish and unbiased justice, with aview to the wishes, the natural connections, the racial aspirations, th3security and peace of mind of thepeoples .involved, no permanentpeace will haveeen attained."They cannot be. discussed separately or in corners. None ofthem constitutes a private or separate interest from which the opinion of the world may be shut .out.Whatever affects the peace affectsmankind, and nothing settled bymilitary force if settled wrong, issettled at all." It will' presentlyhave to be reopened."Is Count von Hertling not awarethat heis speaking in the Court ofmankind: that all the awakenednations" of the, worlchnow sit v injudgment on whaV every publicmanr of whatever nation, may saycm the imumot a conflict waich hasinternational dealing as much asaccess to raw -materials and fairand equal conditions of trade."Count von Hertling wants theessential bases of commercial and(industrial life to be safeguarded bycommon agreement and guarantee,but he cannot expect that to bdconceded him if the other mattersto be determined by the articles ofpeace are not handled in the sameway at items in the final accounting.,,. He cannot ask the benefit ofcommon agreement in the one fieldwithout according it in the other."I takeit for granted that hesees that separate and selfish compacts with regard to trade and theessential materials of manuf acturewjould afford no foundation forpeace. Neither,vhe may rest assured, will separate and selfish compacts .writh regard to provinces andDeoples. -'" fffAWWl CiflAma . AtAAVUllliL., VAC1U1U OCGUiKy LU OCT'fundamental 'elements bf- peaceTTi with;to obiJ "He sees that an independent.Poland, made up, of all the indis"-putably Polish- peoples wHo lie contiguous to one another, is, a matterof European concern and must, ofcourse, be conceded; that Belgiummust ba evacuated and restored, nomatter what sacrifices and concessions that may involve, and thatnational aspirations must be satisfied, even within his own empire, inthe common interest of Europe andmankind."If he is sijent about questionswhich touch- the interest and purpose of his' alliesmore nearly thanthey touch those of Austria only, itmust, of course, be because he feelsconstrained, I suppose, to defer toGermany and Turkey in the circumstances? "Seeing and conceding, as. hedoes, the essential principles involved and the necessity of candidly applying them, he naturally feelsthat Austria can respond to thepurpose of peace as expressed bythe United States with less embarrassment than could Germany. Hewould probably have gone muchfarther had it not been for the embarrassment of Austria's alliancesand of her dependence upon Germany m""After all, the test ofNvhethe itis possible for either Governmentto go any further in this comnari-son of views 'is simple and obvious.The principles to be applied arethese:"1. That each part of- the finalsettlement must be based upon theessential justice of that particularcase and upon the essential justiceof that particular case and uponsuch adjustments as are most likelyto bring peace that will be permanent. "2. That peoples and provincesare not to be bartered about fromsovereignty to sovereignty as ifthey were mere chatties and pawnsin a game, even the great game,now forever discarded, of the balance of power; but that,"3. Every territorial settlementinvolved in this war must be madein the interest and for the benefit ofthe populations concerned, and notas a past of any mere adjustmentor compromise of claims amongstrival states; and,"4. That air well-defined nationalaspirations shall be accorded theutmost .satisfaction that can be accorded them without introducingnew or perpetuating old elements ofdiscord and antagonism that wouldbe likely in timexto break the peaceof Europe and consequently of theworld."A general peace erected uponsuch foundations can be discussed.Until such a peace can be securedwe have no choice but to go on. Sofar as we can judge these princplesthat ''we regard as fundamentalare already - everywhere acceptedas imperative except among thesopkesmen of the military and annexationist party in Germany. Ifthey have anywhere else been rejected, the objectors have not beensufficiently numerous or influential to make their voices audible.The tragical circumstance is thatthis one party in Germany apparently is willing and able to sendmillions or-men to their death toprevent what all the world nowsees to be just. '"I would not be a true spokesman of the people of the UnitedStates if I did not say once morethat we entered this war upon nosmall occasion, and that we cannever turn back from a course i-chosen upon principle. y -"Our resources are in part mobilized now, and we shall not pauseUntil they are mobilized in their entirety. Our armies are rapidly going to the fighting front, and willgo more and more rapidly." "Our whole strength will be putinto this war of emancipationemancipation from the threat andattempted mastery of self-groups ofautocratic rulers whatever thdifficulties and present partial delays." We are indomitable in ourpower of independent action andcan in no circumstances consent tolive in a world governed oy intrigue and force."We believe that our own desirefor .a new international order under which reason and justice andthe common interests of mankindshall prevail is the desire of enlightened men everywhere. Without that new order the world willbe without peace and human lirewill lack tolerable conditions of existence and .development. Haviiigset our hand to the task of achieving it, we shall not turn back."I hope that it is not necessaryfor me-to add that no wordof whatI have said is intended as a threat.That is not the temper of our people. I have spoken thus only thatthe whole world may know thetiue spirit of America that meneverywhere may know that our passion for justice and for self-go v-iernment is no mere passion ofwords, but a passion which, onceset in action, must be satisfied. Thepower of the United States is amenace to no nation or people."Tf wn never be used in aggression or lor the aggrandizement ofany selfish interest of our own. Itsprings out of freedom and is forthe service of freedom."r"1 "'GEO. W. bAVIS 1PUiNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBbTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2S3Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KNtftafNO WIS THE TIMETO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingAND' -1Paperingvr -w- .: CALL US OYERHome Phone 399KANE BROS.The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personfyou always"assure yourself of the right address. ,- In making a telephone call it'saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris' Home Telephone S Telegraph Co,J. J. VEATCH, -'District Manager.(Incorporated)W.H. CA3nrOHrt vZ; vId Manager . -?twin Bros. Department StoreSmntb and main $t$. Paris, KutncKfHere We Are!Just What You Have Been Waiting Tora Good While.Ladies' Hats ,All Good I98c'To close them out. Plenty to choosefrom. All of them so at thisbig offering.BUY A THRIFT STAMP!The Bourbon Laundry 1DWIS & hUINK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetNDREADFUL COUGH CUBED.jj severe cold is oftea followedby a. rough, cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Hemedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F.- "W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., writes:"About two years ago my little ooyiJean caught a severe cold andcoughedareadfully for days. I trieda number of cougn medicines hut-nothing did him any- gooa unm isave . him Chamberlain's 'CoughRemedy It relieved. his ough rightawavand before he had finished4.-1.1 ' U4-li Via waa Aiiriul. T.ta.Ii.lUK UUO UUIUD uo "wu -- -itrv.lthiv At? is'iust fine for children. I ITi ,? taT-iejSatisfaction is OfrWitchwordWith all the latest Mm-,provements in laundry;appliances and expert,helpers we are prepired.to do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage. IitBourbon Laundry,- Paris KMteky.-4J-shr-A-V"' n in iii i : -(r49JttJjaaeHi nuriii iu.tApPW-y "i Jl?'- ,-' -" -r"", "' - , -' o 'l-.:, --" ' ;' ',"-' V- -v,v--ir.- S--, -VTHK BOtTttBON NKWS. PARIS. ICY.FBXAY. FOTKUABr"w tJx'c- : , ,- - - w - -. - "! - - smJL.; LsT 'Aa-t K. 3w "ii?- '. - -' 't'v--. - " V"---H 'bwbibw-ta M . V-Attrachons .-'""-' s-'r"'WsKMBm c " . " ":f ifc; s - " .?!-'S " ,t ", i':':i'S'i .C, .BJjjBSEBBJE,,EJ3aWjBBBB5353Ng'"yjPARIAi:ALAM0ORANDPricest'- jittil i iiimhm i ii urn i ii rriri , 1 1 j i u t Ci mum H ' i i rfvC5- - bW? l The J. f . Hinton Co. j!Si JR. Ml. . .rf:. i : ;; undertakers i;HF :- AND MMBALMMRS i;t- S?' " KSs,th Paris jKV. R&lll ::v- K , i. streets - cx-0 -:J or' Home 286F iF - L' Motor equipment. ..t--Sfcv. ' Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our j;" 1T, - Liniousinc Invalid Coach. ; ;i tup 111 Hearse used for funeral purposes only. !! .ITS. :- .If-c' ''iLHaRaKLaLLBLLLLLHaiTS, - " aB-.-S VaaVHIPXaaaH- r" Hlk'aTaVIvIaBBattSBBaVIVIPIVIVIVIVIVflI'll. aftHaSBTaiaSBaaHaaaaiiaBTaH.1 . JaiKjEHlBBBl' BbbbbbIbhbbbbmJKiBvavavavavavavavaiBBBjgaeBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBr i- i:. HbbSH"Vbbkj ' """n; f J L- -- 'Jt"',i"F r MILLERSBURGit ':!slfc - -I iz-- ' '-, l 'ir-tt - li " Mr- Earl Insko is quite ill.Ml JS '" 3klrs. Adah McClintock' is- H . &, " 'Friday February 15thLADIESVAND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladles will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.CHARLES RAYin"THE HIRED MAN"WM. S. HARTm"THE LASSO55Two Reel Feature, "Every InchMan;" also the AnimatedWeekly News.Saturday February 16thAlbert E. Smith Presents " "EARLE WILLIAMSand MIRIAM MILESin -"A Mother's Sin"a Blue Ribbon-Greater Vitagraph Picture.LAWRENCE SEMONin Big V Comedy"Stowaway' and Strategy"Monday, February 18thArtcraft Picture Corporation PresentsMARYPICKFORDj":jjHylli"The Little Princessfff rom the story by Frances Hodgson Burnett. Erery knows what: a Mary Pickf ordpicture means.At the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc. -ORCHESTRAAlamo 3t to S30Paris Grand 7 to 1CH30Jwas blown'offand a board fence inthe rear of the Best Flat was blowndown.Regular jmeeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday, at seven-thirty p. m. ThirdI degree work. All members urgedin hfi nrpRpnt. f1K-2tAproving.Lincoln Day was observed hero Mr. V. L. Barton sold his homeTuesday by the closing of the on Tuesday to Mr. O. R. Rankin,banks. or -$6,000. Mr. Rankin purchased-FOR SALE-r-One gray mare. J the property for his daughter, Mrs.fia.ll-or address Home Telephone ; iMigar iurst- -v.rt? -""-J-,-i-MrhCompany. (15-lt)Miss Carrie Peed left Tuesdayfor a visit of several days to Mr3.3L C. Goldsmith, at Paris.Mrs. F. E. Peterson wasguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.."Rice, at Hutchison, Monday. -. Mr. G. W. Bramblett continue6 improve nfcely at the Good Sa; 'maritan Hospital, Lexington.' Mrs. J. B. Cray was the guestof her sister, Mrs. W. S. Judy, ofXexington, Monday and Tuesday.. Miss Florence Vimont left: "Tuesday for & visit to her sister,Mrs -W. A. Mufcsing, at Maysville.- -Vil-Mrs. A. T. Maffett was a guestof lier cousin, Mrs. Samuel Patrick,at "North. Middletown, Wednesday.Mrs;. C. W. Howard, of Lexington, was the guest of Tier sisters.the Misses Mclntyre, Monday andTuesday. " "Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Baldwin.left yesterday for a several dayr,'r.vlsit to friends and relatives inMaysville. vMessrs. J. TX Ralls, A. S. Milkier, -J. T. Jefferson and John Marrattended a mule sale at Versailles,Wednesday.:- -Mts. L. R. Rogers" .visited heriion. Mr. Harry Rogers, at CampTaylor, Louisville, last week, and- xeports" hint doing nicely.. Mrs. Evans, of Nicholasville,f'arrived at the M. C, Monday, andis instructing the ladies of the RedCross in bandage making.: Irs. Lutie Becraft and son,'T -Master Ralph Becraft, of Paris, arrived Tuesday as guests of her-jrmother, Mrs. Anna Jefferson.Mr. and Mrs. E. G. E. Reynolds have leased the Christianv ciiurch parsonage occupied by Eld.-- and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboom, and willi move to i in the near future.-r onilersburer was visited by a" .heavy wind all day Tuesday. About-noon it reached its climax. A part-r-Miss -Christine Patterson cuttwo fingers on her rights hand somebox for her father. Her injuries areLfor her father. Her injuries "arefchaHmproving nicely.The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church held an all-daymeeting Wednesday at the church.The Missionary Society of . theMethodist church held an all-daymeeting at the same time, at thehome of Mrs. A. S. Best. A delightful lunch was served at both meetings at noon. - vThe Transylvania Glee Club, ofLexington, will give a . concert atthe M. C. Auditorium at eight p. m.to-day, the proceeds to go to theY. M. C. A. at Camp Zacnary Taylor, at Louisville. The concert willbe good, inasmuch as the club hasbeen trained by Per Nielson, of theCollege of Music, of Lexington.Let's give them a large audience.The cause is a good one. Admission 25 cents.The student body and facultyof the Millersburg College gave adelightful Valentine Day banquetat the College Wednesday afternoon. The rooms were beautifullydecorated with Valentine emblems,hearts and cupids. The subject oftie afternoon's toast was "Friendship." After a number of toastdhad been proposed and responsesmade in short talks and in the reciting of short poems, Dr. C. C.Fisher announced the engagement!of Miss Maybelle Dasher, of Macon,Georgia, '-to Mr. Joshua HordBarnes, of near Millersburg. Thewedding will take place in the M.C. drawing rooms on Saturday,March 2, at- 4:30 p. m. The student body of the College will act asbridesmaids. The bride-to-be is instructor in voice at the M. C, andis a very attractive young womanMr. Barnes is engaged in farmingcircle of friends in this vicinitywho extend congratulations in advance. Miss Virginia Hutchciaft, formany years instructor m kindergarten in the Sandersville, Georgia,schools, was married Wednesday afternoon at the home of Mr. andMrs. Pierce Wood, in that city, toMr. Owen M Adams, a prominentyoung farmer and plantation ownerof that vicinity. After the ceremoney Mr. and Mrs. Adams left fora month's sojourn in Florida, andupon their return will be at hometo their many friends at the homeof the groom, near Sandersville.The bride is a daughter Df Mr.Harry Hutchcraft, formerly ofParis, and now connected with thepassenger department of the Louisville Transfer Company., Hermother dying when she w.as quiteyoung she came to Millersburg andhas since made her home with heruncle, Dr. W. M. Mjller. She is avery handsome and prepossessirigyoung woman, a graduate of the;Millersburg Female College, and hasa large circle of friends and- relatives in this vicinity and throughout this section of the State.The groom is a prominent young'fanner, who owns several largeplantations near Sandersvillej-andin other parts of the South. Hehas been a constant wooer, havingvisited his bride seyeral times whileshe was spending her vacation inthis city.MARGOLEN'S?tMATRIMONIAL...SACHS DRANE.- Rabbi Joseph Rauch officiatedMonday at the wedding in Louisville of Miss Rosehannah Sachsand Mr. W. Bryan Drane, of Eminence. The ceremony was followedby a dinner, after which Mr. andMrs. Drane left for Montgomery,Alabama, to reside. Mr. LawrencePrice, of Paris, was one of thswedding guests.vof the stable of Mr. J. A. -Butler near this city. Both have a largeJor JashionableCorrespondenceV Auce.MYour friends judge you by the, style of stationery youi - RYour letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressed ac-cording to fashion's latest dictates. g" If you like disjinctive styles in stationery be sure tosee our.9few Spring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits. in shape, tint andtfrfnrp.Come in and seethe line while it is complete. The;.mttracnve numrjers in our wmaow snow oniy a smau pareof the extensive line we now have in stock.TELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 51ARDERY DRUG COMPANYNA1NJPARIS, KENTUCKYHICKEY BANTA.Miss Delia Hickey, of Sharps-burg, and Mr. James L.' Banta, ofnear Little Rock, were marriedTuesday morning in . the Catholicchurch at Mt. Sterling, -in the presence of a few intimate friends andrelatives. The bride was a teacherin the county schools of Bathcounty. The bridegroom is a youngfarmer, a son "of Mr. and Mrs. L. B.Banta, of Little Rock, .Following the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Banta left for a wedding tripto California. On their return theywill go to housekeeping at ttie homeof the bridegroom, .near LittleRock.Reelf oot LakeFishDressed to OrderFree sf Charge LBEEF, PORK, -VEAL,MUTTONMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketQUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods may .be "as represented ' but the quality is not there.' Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one canrtotget something for nothing. '."-'The seasonablegoods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets . . . . 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine and Spruce Balsam25c and 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Tcilet Cream . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lpt of comfort,in this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Established 187 415 Main StrIJOPLIN BROOKS.The many friends of Dr. W. T.Brooks, senior member of the drugfirm of 'Brooks & Snapp, are extending their congratulations upon hisrecent marriage, which took placeTuesday morning at ten o'clock, atthe home of the officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof theParis Christian church, at Tenthand Main streets.The bride was formerly Miss EllaJoplin, a sister of Dr. Brooks firstwife, who died some years ago ather home on Duncan avenue, in thiscity. She was for some time beena member of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, and is an attractive youngwoman ,of many graces of character. Since the death of Mrs. Brooksthe now Mrs. Brooks had been assisting in the management and careof the Brooks home.Dr. and Mrs. Brooks are at hometo their many friends at their residence on Duncan avenue. THENEWS extends congratulations.BIRTHS.::,To the wife of Mr. Albert Fin-rilNALatisClearance Sale!ALL WINTER SHOES MUST COIn spite of the high prices prevailing in shoedorn, we art compelled to make aGENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURN INTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's. Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!Just a Few of the. Many Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:Ladies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6. 00 valuea at .v.vLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values at.:Ladies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values at.Ladies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values atLadies' Gunietal BootsaLadies' Assorted Small SizeShoes $4.00 values at$3.95$3.49$3.49$2.49$2.99$1.69Men's Patent English Nettteton and o apother makes, $7.00 values )59aMen's Tan English Shoes , MX$5.00 values at $3.4QMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon j aa$5.50 values at $4;UUMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, p-asmall sizes, at $J.aMen's Gun Metal Button -"" ja$3. 50 values at .4iMen's Gun Metal Lace .. AA$2.75 values at $ 1 .99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.WHILE IT LASTSlot of Men's Rubbers at 79c lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59c"--DAN COHENWhere Beauty and EcpiiqMy Reif--11?m'-:JaJ'Jinm Paris!-Greatest .Shoe StoreI, tai-e.fi ., - l,-J,Kr '-Hi" 'I 'STSar - -i- sV-a,,- 4-SW' ., 1 . -, -ft -'iXSPHPIPlHBBalaaa3ttaWla.aLLP?.-&;L ? fT' VivX.Ad-s : "Tf:fXi.-i..i. --.?.r .:. ?-'9ff."" 'A' j ' -- . .-. : " - -i?' '-"i-i n. .w". - - . . . :- -f ;. ' . - -. '. -v-:.i" .- -i zr ; --?x yfl-' 9."1' ---v -.r-. " .s -. HI. J """ V " - j - " sCfet. ' " t" .-v-T " T - ' "r- s."S -"...--aci; , . j. -r.-:jsi2&. :, --i -:. -sl,. -:j"fS"r w . , ,., .&rt3&.-.-.Lc--,rf-v;f.v,; - vsnB--jji5L?s- JEFmm$s?ir.-?L??':r im w 4Lteu . y t ' ''- '-?M ,::.,-- - - -'?-& . -.- . w. '-.---S j. r. y jT L& " -';.- """?-""3St23ia2..,(5??l -:::-- ' - - -:' WL -sf -V-C-"7::Vi, i :,-,if ra":T; ' .v t -nay ?: " - ..kt ! ?v S'- J.i"!..- jw-s w!r' . . -- -t. r--' - .. - . . .. . -v i. - -. ' --1 .JG- tfCHEHr- ijrr - i - 1 "sBT "BV "V tC . v .' -Vft .3L - T - "fcTi-'-X '"- -KA. " - " ' - j " - J " ' - ' . 'r -'- v-s "'' "V" :' '--t-: ':r?J''..,'--. ::y-'-' ''JZ:.-'r-Z - ':: . - ","." - "--.'w 5&.-Z' 3b