, --7"- i rTHE5-ieOftJ1," -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1918BOURBON NEWS-RBmimMJteZ3J&&BESr"" .o -v Jxjr tm-nt--" JTr'SGRSBfis'S3-XWAR IN BRIEF HUNDEIVE APPEARS STEMMED.Germany's great drive into thoAllied lines in northern Pranceseems virtually at a standstill.Her first great onrush appears tonave been stemmed, with large gainsof terriory scored, but with final victory no nearer in sight and her resources in men and jnaterial depleted. French and British troops beatback the enemy in his latest desperate efforts to advance toward Amiensand to push out from the Montdidiersalient.The most determined assault inthis effort seems to have been to thenorth, in the neighborhood of Han-.gard-en-Santerre,where FrancoBritish troops met the assaultingwaves. A British counter-attackpaved the way for an allied victoryafter the combined forces had brokenup the German attack. The Frenchgallantly followed up the advantageand the village was recaptured.GERMANS TRYING TO GET DOPEON AMERICANS.German army leaders are exceedingly anxious to obtain informationconcerning the most minute detailsof the American army.This is disclosed by captured German document issued to the fifth Bavarian landwehr infantry brigadeand which instructs every observera.nrf natrol to do his or its best "tobring information about the newenemy." The results obtained are tobe added to official reports.The captured document starts ourby giving details that are known,such as those regarding Americanuniform and adds that theinfantryis equipped partly with Englishrifles and that the artillery probably has French guns, it says thatAmerican troops will continue training in FrancoMore than 100,000 Americans, intensively trained and fully accoutred,are available for immediate use inaiding to stem the .tide of the German hordes, and large number ofthem on railroad trains and in motortrucks and even afoot are already ontheir way to the battlefront, eager todo their part in defeating the invaders. APRIL COURT DAY SALESCounty Court Day was well attended and considerable live stock wasoffered and sold well. A large crowdwas in town and business was active.Merchants enjoyed a large trade,while banks had their . hands fullhandling the large amount of business that poured in over the counters.Mules were scarce and prices active. A large number of plug horseswere traded in, selling at from $25 to$90. while the better kind went ashigh as $250 to $300. John T.IHughes, of Fayette county sold to;Catesby Woodford a tine five-year-oldwork and driving horse weighing1,200 pounds for $250.At the shipping pens in SouthParis, Monday, Elmer Boardman soldaround ninety head of cattle in lotsto suit purchasers. He sold 20 headto Frank Collins for $72 per head;20 head to B. T. Stipp at $70 perhead, 15 to the same party at $69 perhead and 18 to Joe Houston for $G6per head.Mr. Boardman also sold 10 1,000pound cattle to W. D. Mclntyre for11 cents per pound and $1 on thehead.Lou Taylor sold one horse for$125 to Vol Ferguson.Caywood & McClintock sold onedraft horse to a Mr. Johnson fc$225.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldat the T. G. Morris sales stables onMain street 25 head of draft mares atfrom $95 to $280 per head. The average was $188.50 per head.pa psFREE DEMONSTRATIONAttend the free demonstration ofthe famous Calaric Pipeless Furnacein the Price Building Wednesday,Thursday and Priday. Many pleasedusers in Paris.HOWARD HARDWARE CO., Agts.Jo. Varden, Local Representative.to i toSMALL PARMS SOLD WELL.At the auction sale held Saturdayby Harris & Speakes for Mr. JolmStuart the three small farms locatedon the Clintonville pike sold as follows: Tract-No. 1, went to JohnHichards for $296 "per acre; No. 2tn Pprrv Mr.nord for $309 per acreand tract No. 3 to Mrs. James Hiltonfor $286 per acre. There were noimprovements on the premises.The sale brought out a good crowdif investors nd it was considered agood sale and shows that real estateis still In demand -and always bringsgood prices in Paris.to m mCOURT DAY VISITORS.John Mitchell, Clarence Mitchelland Elmer Farrow, of 'Millersburg,n&iavrafA rnT-f rav in Paris yesterday. They evidently pent part ofthis time on Monday in Claysyilieor Lexington, for when it came timo, ,, tiiM didn't know thiway. They wre urged by PoHcp"tyi trm fn KTwmd the night witnTV rponi wfeicn they did. Theywill pay their . .rects toMartin thhfabralEr.JudgeNOTED WAR WORKER TO SPEAKHERE APRIL 11. iTHE NEWS has been advised in aletter from Mackenzie R. Todd, ofLouisville, Executive Secretary oft-He Iiake Division Red Cross for Ken- ' areas of enthusiasm and patriotic , oi Jtsourbon county s colored boystucky, of the coming here b-n April bidders were in attendance. People : marched fro mthe court house yes11 of Mrs. Ida McGlone Gibson, who . from all over the county and some' tqrday morning to the Louisville &ill j.i: jj s i-ui4.. i ,. , .j.-..v: a'. Vneliwtll. J a. 1 11 a 'wiii uenver xii tiuuiess m me lutei-est of the Red Cross work. Mr.Todd's letter, which explains itself,follows:"Louisville, Ky March 29, 1918."Editor BOURBON-NEWS,"Paris, Ky."My Dear Sir:"The Lake Division of the American Red Cross .has succeeded in obtaining the services of Mrs. Ida McGlone Gibson, who has recently returned from Europe, where she wa.sent under the auspices of the RedCross War Council. While there sheinterviewed General Pershing, President Poincaire and others of international importance, and has returnedwith some wonderful stories to tellwhich she illustrates with lanternslides. She wears the Red Cross uniform and makes a most pleasing appearance. "Mrs. Gibson has been assigned toKentucky for a period of two weeks,and she will be at Paris April 11.No doubt you have been informedthat she is to be at Paris. I amwriting asking that you give as muchpublicity as possible to Mrs. Gibson'?visit in order that the people of Bourbon and adjoining counties may beinformed. She has been addressing!very large audiences in the cities ofthis country and the press commentsof the cities are very favorable. Ienclose you statement from Mr. J. G.McClellan, Chairman DeKalb CountyCouncil of Defense, Auburn, Indiana,which you might use to advantage.Mrs. Gibson is not, nor has she everbeen, a Red Cross nurse, but shewears the Red Cross uniform." 'Mrs. Ida McGlone Gibson gaveus five talks while in Auburn an the19 th, afternoon and evening. Shehas a wonderful personality. She ismagnetic and forceful. Her message,brought from France, reveals to thepeople what the government has accomplished and is accomplishing andwhat great constructive work theRed Cross has done and is doing.Mrs. Gibson is-' a power for goodamong the American people. Keepher going.' J. G. McClellan. Chairman DeKalb County Council of Defense, Auburn, Indiana."Appreciating any publicity youmay give, I am"Yours very truly,"MACKENZIE R. TODD,"Executive Secretary vLake Divisionfor Kejak,ANOTHER FISH "STORY" OFBROTHER J. W.DAVIS.Deacon J. W. Davis, who arrivedhome from Florida, Saturday, whenasked for another firsh story, handedus the following. He said he had alot more, but that the rates in theFlorida papers were cheaper thanthose in Paris, so he would let ushave this short one, taken from theSt. Petersburg Independent:"The largest catch of kingfish thathas been made this season waibrought into Pass-a-Grill. last nightby three men who are guests at thePass-a-Grille Hotel. The gulf wasvery rough and all the boats stayedin except George Roberts, who iiasa craft built to ride the breakers.George took with him L. E. Barnes,of Pittsburg; Joe Davis, of Paris, Ky.,and E. L. Merrimann, of ScrantonrPa. They caught 60 king fishweighing over 300 pounds. Theyalso landed four mackerel, threetrout and two carbeo that weighed15 pounds each. The party was outonly three hours and had a fine tim.derpH,e the waves that kept the boatdancing."?9i mi p8iTOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO. ELECTOFFICERS DECLARE 30DIVIDEND.The Paris Independent TobaccoWarehouse Company, which broke ailwarehouse records in the State, forfloor, seaspn and crop averages, helda meeting of its Board of DirectorsMonday, and elected C. C. Clarke,President: Dan W. Peed. GeneralManager, Sam Harding, Vive-President,and James McClure, Secretaryand Treasurer.The company is capilized at $25,000, and declared a 30 dividend.The following Board of Directorswas elected: W. A. Thomason, C. C.Clark, Dan W. Peed, James McClure.Joe Leach, Harry B. Clay, M. R.Jacoby, Sam Harding and EdselClarke.GOOD SEED CORN.I have 500 bushels of good seedcorn that tests 80 per cent. This isyour chance to buy.(2-2t) H. L. BALDWIN.- 1 m mPARIS THIEF CAUGHT IN COVINGTON. Chief ofPolice Fred Link went toI Covington this morning ana wuibring back to Paris, nammon oage.tigeto under indictment in theBourbon Circuit Court for grand larceny. Cage stole 2 5 bales or snigiesfrom the Templin Lumber Company,which he carried bale at a timefo.his home in Claysville. Chief Linklecovered the shingles. In the meantime Cage was tipped off that theofficer was on his trail and fledChief Link laid the wires for hiscapture and Sunday received a telegram through a United States Armyofficer that Cage had been appre-hended-andwas in the Covingtonjail. n.n "RED CROSSAUCTIONCESS.big sue-The Red Cross Auction held at thP .'court house Saturday and yesterday!was a phenomenal success. Hun-,hyicw nuiii aujumuig eounues-were inattendance and ail were liberal bid-ders.The auctioneers. Messrs. HenreMargolen and John W. and George' On Sunday afteroon the young colBain, of Lexington, certainly did ored men assembled at the courttheir work well, selling the good house to receive their final instructhings that were donated by the lib-, tions. Arrangements had been madeeral citizens of the city and county, j with a well-known colored ministerThe most unusual thing about the' of Paris to deliver an address, but atauction was the sale of a 15-pound, the last pioment the divine evidentlyPoland China Pig, it being sold and ' got "stage fright," for he disappearlesold until the aggregate price price ed, leaving his hat behind. Attorpaid for the animal was ?1,213; ic neys Chas. A. McMillan and Harmonbeing sold finally to Mrs. James Mi-.Stitt came to the rescue and madeClure for $13.00. ' brief addresses, telling the boys thaiDonations were collected by men ' Bpurbon County was proud of themin automobiles, merchants sent thek-, and had no doubt they would justifydelivery wagons with good things t that feeling when the time for actionand country folks brought in liberal ' arrived.co-ntributions. The sale was conduct- I Previous to the meeting a fund ofed just as advertised, "Pins to Pack-J $0 had been collected to provideaiUO CII1U. X ICO IU 1 IgS, UXZIUP, lUlir,ed into money for a great cause.The produce of the farm, eggs.meats, baled hay and straw, lard, supply.preserves, canned fruits, jellies, pick-! 1 At 7 o'clock yesterday morningles, butter, pies and pastries, all of ' each one of the fifty responded towhich supplemented by donations j tieir names when the roll was callf rom the merchants of Paris, Millers- el, and after being placed in chargeburg and North Middletown and j of Chas. Roscoe Bland, who was toother precincts, and by women with be their captain until their arrivalarticles of needle and crochet work at Camp Zachary Taylor, the boyjThe sale began at 2 o'clock, and farmed in line, headed by the fife andcontinued until 5 o'clock. The total ' drum corps, and marched to theraised was the hundsome sum of, depot. It is safe to say that nine$2,740. tenths of the families in Paris had aThe bazaar conducted by the ladies ; late breakfast yesterday morning,was well patronized in the morning for practically every colored cook andbefore the auction started. - Young house girl was either in the paradeladies dressed in Red Cross uniforms ' or lined up on the sidewalk. A numsold flowers, ice cold pop, candies, ' ber of automobiles contained severalsold chances on old" country hams. ' colored women, who sang patrioticetc., and raised a considerable sum.A large amount of the donationsthat were left over from the Saturday sale were disposed of-yesterday sang a song of her own compositionin the same manner. The total entitled, "Remember San Juan Hill,"amount of the receipts for the two Jsales was the handsome sum of$3,041.90.Another pig was sold and resoldyesterday until the amount realizedon it was $118.50. Mr. John Stuaitfinally secured the animal for $13.50.The total raised on the two pigswas $1,331.50s Pa fe-FORTY-SEVEN HALF PINTSLIQUOR DESTROYED. -OF.Tiidsrft "Ernest Martin start. ftd tnwith Spring house cleaning" S&turcnemember,day and had 47 half pints of "evidence" destroyed. The Court superintended the destruction of the accumulation of liquor which had collected in his office, which took placoin the rear of Police headquarters.The .members of the fire departmenthad the sport of breaking the bottlesand emptying the "pizen."WE KNO W" H W jt(111SPRINGSHOWINGOFMANHATTAN AND WILSONBROS.' FINE SHIRTSThe swellest and 'best known lines of shirts sold anywhere to-day. Perfect fitting "and roomy and full; notskimpy and close like other brands of shirts. Very swellpatterns in Silks, Madras, Cloth and Crepe effects, solidcolors in tans, greens, lavenders and pinks. Select yourpatterns now and get the pick of the lines.$2.00to$10.00IIIJohn B. Stetson Hats- Spring Styles in all the new colors and shapes. Lightweight soft hats in greens, pearls, olives and new shadesof brown. - -The Stetson Feature Hat at$6.00is a very stylish hat-r-a little more conservative than theother Stetsonstyles. but you will find it a very becominghat to wear. -MITCHELL &-Spring Styles in---- --HITY-THREE COLORED PATRIOTS LEAVE FOR SERVICEm u. s. a.To the tune of martial airs playeda fife and drum corps, fifty-three-!"iyiub ueyui,, wuae men entrain-ed forCamp Zachary Taylor, at. uuuwinn, uu me nioL iay ui lueirT JiniOtr4l1- n. !-..- Avnl In C 4-V.....voyage "over there'i.jfw.11. J.I,1J. Wfc.u.i.j, v(,iwv-h.m uu.u.sAioking and chewing tobacco, andeach of them received a generoussongs. On the court house steps,while waiting for the parade toform, a sixteen-year-old colored girlwhich she said she had dedicated toJtiis saxanic majesty, iuu ivaiaci.MANHATTAN SHIRTS.An attractive variety to suit alltastes $2 to ?10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW MEMBER FOR tfIRE DEPARTMENT TO BE ADDED.It has been agreed by the CitvCouncil that the membership of thoParis Fire Department be increasedAt the next regularmeeting the -appointment win Demade. The job pays $75 per month.X&k P3 153TROOPS GOING THROUGH PARISSaturday two train loads of soldierspassed through Paris enroute to mobilization camps, preparatory to sailing to foreign ports.BLAKEMORE- vNetdeton Shoes jjjjSENATE PASSES- NEW BILLDRAFTING YOUNG MENThe resolution extending the selective draft to men reaching the age of21 years since June" 5, 1917, the firstregistration day, was passed by theSenate without a record vote after afutile attempt had been made to addto it a provision for training youthsfrom 19 to 21 years old.It is estimated that about 700,000men will be added to the registrationthis year by the resolution, which isone of the pieces of legislation onwhich the War Department is awaiting before announcing complete plansfor the next draft. It now goes tothe House for consideration, withthe bill to base draft quotas on thenumber of registrants in Qlass 1 instead of on population, another ofthe administration measures alreadypassed by the Senate. -The proposal to require training ofboys over 19 and under registrationage was in the torm of an amendment by Senator New, of Indiana,which the Senate rejected 36 to 26,after a debate of several days. Anumber of Senators who favor universal military training as a peacetime policy voted against the amendment. As adopted, the resolution providesthat all male citizens of the UnitedStates residing in this country, attaining their majority since June 5,last, shall be subject to registration,under regulations prescribed by thePresident; shall present themselvesfor registration on a day prescribedby the President, arid thereafter shallbe liable to military service.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT..In a recent issue of the LexingtonHerald, Mr. Enoch Grehan, who has.the happy faculty of saying the rightthing at the right time, has the following in the "Paragraphs" column,which so aptly fits a condition existing or liable to exist here, that wereproduce it. Mr. Grehan writes:"Certain gentlemen in .Lexington,who shall be nameless here for thetime being, but whose daily conversation suggests pro-Hun sympathies,are going to open their mouths oneof these days in criticism of Americajust about wide enough to catchsomething in. them that doesn't helong there."About the size of a man'sfist, eh?And with all the power of a loyalAmerican behind it. Here's hopingit lands a knock-out blow at the verystart!THOUGHTFUL MEN SEEK VALUEIn their clothes. It is necessaryto conserve wool, to buy clothing ofreal value. Such clothes are ours--$20to $40.J. W. DAVIS &.CO.jsi immFREE DEMONSTRATION.Attend" the freed demonstration ofthe famous Calaric Pipeless Furnacein the Price Building Wednesday.Thursday and Friday. Many pleasedusers in Paris.HOWARD HARDWARE CO., Agts.Jo. Varden. Local Representative.is m mNEW FISHING LAW EXPLAINEDFOR SPORTSMEN.Mr J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the State Game-and FishCommission, is calling attention offishermen to the changes in the fishand game laws made by the recentsession of the Legislature. He saysthat under the new fish law, hoopnets without wings can be used in ailstreams bordering on this State andin all navigable streams in this State,provided the mesh of net is twoinches square. Seines with l1 inchmesh can also be used in all borderand navigable streams in the State.No seine or net can be used in nonnaviagle streams. A navigablestream within the meaning of thisAct, is a stream which has been improved by locks and dams and a nonnavigable stream is one which hastnot been so improved.A license of $1.25 is charged forthe first net or seine and ?1 for eachadditional one, the licenses to beprocured from the County CourtClerk who will furnish a metal tagwhich must be attached to said netor seine. The fine for violating thislaw is from ?15 to ?100.HASAURIVED SAFE "OVERTHERE."Mr. Jack Owsley yesterday received a letter from his brother, Mr.Shy Owsley, who is with the A. B. P.,stating that he had arrived safely inFrance, and was enjoying goodhealth. He sends best regards to allhis friends, and wants THE BOURBON NEWS sent regularly and askshis chums to drop him a line occasionally. tat?. -MTTfrHFTX LEAVES F0R-D5TY WITH TS, S. A. ''OYER THERE-7Mr, Newton Mitchell received wordSaturday from his son, Mr. JosephMitchell, who has been at CanrpZachary Taylor, that he was leavingthat day on a special train withother comrades for a port In tne u.S., and would in all probability saiLfor France in a short while. ,CENTENARIAN DIES.pirJiarH "Round, a colored citizen.,-ho formerly lived on the Dan Hib-ler farm, pn Cane Kiage, "" "J.V" iv .- - ,. j , n;icinnati,, Friday, ana was DIO"suiput into effect the constituttwial ;Paris and buried .Sunday. Hewu am6ndm6nt permitting cos61H!tto107 years of age, and was,-JT , "" of telephone companies undr tllknown in the Cane Ridge neighbor- fi-uerYigi5m of th stat" ItaUroi.hood.3-OP INTEREST TO BOUEBOIC-FARMERS.With bluegrass green and succi-"lent, livestock at this time is in athrifty and healthy condition. Whitecattle are largely on feed, all other -kindsof livestock have been given a "chance to browse over the greeapastures. Especially is this true oCsheep, lambs, cows and calves. Milkcows are giving a larger flow of milk,and dairy products are on the increase. Poultry feels the power andstrenth of the springtime and are responsive in that a big flow of eggsis coming to market. This conditionhas been greatly aided by the government embargo that prevents thohen from being sold and keeps her atork doing her bit to win the war.Eggs are steady at 27 to 28 cents incash and where the seller takes goodsin trade the price is 30 cents per.dozen. The supply of country butteris limited, owing to the fact thatfarmers get a good price for theh -cream.:Country meats are steady and ingood demand. Potatoes are lowerand are becoming a drag on the themarket. Early vegetables from thehot house are showing up in plentiful supply. Strawberries from Southern climes are delicious at 35 centsper quart.Spring lamb is yet "several weeks "off. The market is well supplied withfat veals at around 12 cents perpounds for fancy ones, and 9 to 11cents per pounds for thin ones.Thoroughbred stock is in demandfor both cattle and hogs. During the.week Goff & Rice made the following sales of thoroughbred Short- -horns:To the Louisville Club, twoShorthorn bulls at ?200 each; -to thecounty agent at Owensboro, twoShorthorn, bulls for $200 and $225- "each; J. W. McLaughlin, of Hillsboro,W.- Va., one white bull for $225;Robert Meteer, of Bourbon, one roanbull for$150, and to Clay Gaitskill.one red bull for $150. Butcher stockis in demand. H. Margolen boughtduring the wook the following: OfJ. R. Butler, bunch of hogs, weight225 pounds each, for 17 cents perpounds; of a Mr. Estis, Ave 1,000pound cattle at 11 cents per pound,and of different parties seven vealsat an average of 12 cents per pound.Luther Rice bought of Ben Woodford 69 cattle shoats, averaging 110-pounds at 18 cents per puond. -The mule market continues active,and prices rule high. The demand isgreater than the supply and the mulebrokers and feeders are laying the.,ground work for next year's supply.The highest price ever paid in thUcounty for a four-day-old mare mulecolt was reported Saturday, whsmJohn Sauer, a farmer on the -Mmy-villepike, sold a fine colt to Newt. 'Rankin, of Carlisle, for $150. Delivery of the colt will be made Oc. 1.Woodford Houston bought Saturday from a Harrison County farmer-a fancy pair of four-year-old maceT,mules for $650. , -WRITE TO "THE BOYS.jjThere are many Paris and Bourbon "county "boys" in the service of theUnited States in the army camp andcantonments and in the navy whowould be glad to hear news from"the old home town." WhereverTHE NEWS can locate these boys,the paper has followed them, so theycan derive some benefit in a way.There is no doubt they receive numerous postcards and letters, butevery message from old" Kentuckysent -to them. 'must surely maketheir hearts glad. So do not forgetto write to your friends and relativesin the army and navy as often aspossible. Let every one make it aduty to write some one of these"boys" -every few days.They "have left everything behindthem, and it is but natural that theyshould want- to know what has beengoing on in their absence. Tell themall the cheerful news you can, makeyour letters cheery and encouraging,and you will have no idea how much,it will benefit the young men who re- -ceive them.PURCHASES ANOTHER LOT HTWILDWOOD. WtJCharles N. Peddicord bought Sat- .urday from George Wilder, a two-acrelot in Wildwood for- $1,800. This is,the fourth purchase by Mr. Peddi-,cord of Wildwood lots, which gives'him a total of about ten acres o?fine land which he will cultivate inrtobacco this year.m miBELGIAN POLICE DOG PUPPY;BRINGS $37.50.The handsome Belgian Police dogpuppy, donated to the Ded Cross auction fund, by Mr. Ben Buckner, ofXalapa Farm,- was purchased Satur-.day by Mr. Charlton Clay, for $37.50.The puppy was sent to Mr. Buekmevby Mr. Kenneth Alexander, who haalhbeen in France in the service for tkepast six months. -.v ' m mm .LAYMEN'S MEETING THURSDAY.,' A laymen's meeting will b held kithe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.$,Building on Thursday, April 4, at7:30 p. m. All the men of the cityand county are urged to attend amdparticipate in the plans for proaot-'ing a movement to strengthen am.equip men for a service greatly neei-edV in our county.sa4 MlTELEPHONE BILL SIGNED -Governor Stanley has signed Jkebillof Representative ChalF toCOBHRiSfiOBr - , mj 'S ' - L ,KS-K.- -ji53-?1GE TWO.,MyTUESDAY, APRIL 2, HIS.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.IE BOURBON IWS"Established 188136 Years of Continuous Publication. Published Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2. 00 6 Months.-.$1.00Payable in Aavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thefraracter, Btanding or reputation otmmj person, firm or corporation which.aiay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of the-alitor.ADVERTISING RATES' Display Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inchkch subsequent insertion.'Reading Notices, 10 cents per linesach. issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each Issue.mt Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemeats and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedh decline any advertisement or other'"natter for publication.Announcements for political officesrinust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- - - This paper has enlistedwiththe governmentjn thecause of America for theperiod of the war, EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Labor and the War.p The Eastern shipyard strikeTbrought two notable contributions on. .the subject of labor and the war.President Wilson declared "ships arev absolutely necessary for the winning-of this war," that the strikers werein "painful contrast" to other work-jers, and were giving aid and comfort-tef'the enemy., jVs if to prove this the AmericanFederation of Labor declared "this islabor's war" and "must be won bylabor. ', Alter saying President wiiisons war aims were in "adequateHarmony" with the views of the Federation the statement continues:""Give "workers a decent place to,ifvet "protect them against conditionsto take ajl their wages for bare existence, give them agencies wherebygrievances can be adjusted and industrial justice assured, make it plainthat their labor counts in the winiliing of the war for greater freedom,not for private profiteering and-workers ca.n be confidently expected"to do their part." - -President Wilson called attentionto the facilities available for wage' adjustment, affirming that "no bodof men have the moral right in the. present circumstances of the nation to strike until every method ofadjustment has been tried to thetj limit.". He also notified labor every -'where that he- realized "it is theduty of the government To see thatthe best possible conditions of labor- are maintained, as it is also its duty" 'to see to it that there is no lawlessand conscienceless profiteering, andthat duty the government has aci cepted and 'will perform."t We thoroughly approve both state-"'meats and think they could serve asZ &x baste of progressive amelioration' of the labor problem. That a laborv -ing man has a right to expect bet-tered existence needs no argument."Every man, no matter his rank as alaborer, should h,e able to earn more"T-than mere subsistence. At the same"Uuue there are obligations just asimportant labor should not hesitateto accept even in times of peace.There are rights which the govern -.7iient must protect, for all' laborersaud some returns in the way of uninterrupted service which laborshould guarantee the public.Seal Home Life.There is no greater token of reipect'.and affection than an invita'tion. to enter the real heart and homeJijjfof a family. And yet how seldomfifTVe offer ourselves the relaxationafed our friends and neighbors thepleasure of such an, invitation? Is a'est coming? Straightway -we set towork to clean house from garret to7 oUar;we Jook1 and ake and stew. fknA tuss and sigh and -work us. tkough some terrible calamity wereaJKut 'to befall us, instead of thatwiris)i should, be the most delightfulanticipation, the vi3it of a friend. If-iaVnouse is clean and fair enoughff our "nearest and deareat, why not$' aJ friend? If dinner is enoughNotour' nearest and dearest, why notfar our friend? If dinner is ampleXor tke family, why not Tor a guest9iAja4iwiU .not the day and the. visit. JPAT teurauui tor dou vnosiefcs.V nidkt. if ik fare is alain and4.. , , - ,. -- -t n. t ! a latila L4oVf JlKWb i mc; iauic -uitfiBL in- treaii, mot -wearie and flushed asH$k' am4 aaiet kurie iastead of anatf-1 pleasure? Caa we.JMleara tcSofter ourselves sincerely and simply,vA . ..' 4-. Tnt- PAntol 4t"f Al'nrtll tCObe frank an'd frequent un'd friendly.Let us be honest and genuine an'lfine and courteous in our daily lives,so when the friend comes he will findus untroubled and serene, as we always are, ready to receive the goodthought, the story, the laugh, and togive him ourselves in return, ourbest in conversation, and appreciation, and that will make the Humblest dinner a feast for .kings.Turtle Soup. kA New Englander writes to his favorite journal to say that every poivlis full of snapping turtles, and thatturtle soup is not only edible, butpalatable, yet "in his locality" it isnot eaten.Unfortunate locality, home of theignorant or at least the neglectful.Turtle soup is so great a delicacythat the sign "Turtle Soup To-day"te;npts the abstemious to visit therestaurants in any Kentucky town,and it means snapping turtle, orboft-shell turtle ten times in ten.Nature made the mud turtle somewhat hard to catch .and much harderto dress, but when you have caughthim and gotten him out of his shellyou can make soup out of him if youmil; such soup that its excellencemakes even mock - turtle soup sell.You may also eat the turtle as youwould chicken, or pork, or beef, all ofwhich he contains, according to anyold Kentucky "uncle," and each variety of meat where a veteran turtleeater can find it without the slightest trouble.On Pleasing: Mother.The effort at "pleasing mother"should be cultivated in the childishheart. Early in life they should begin the cultivation of thought -arid effort with reference to the gratification of her wishes and of makingher happy. If they would do thisthey would find daily opportunitiesfor speaking kind words and rendering such lielpul services and showing such noble traits of character indealings with others, as would gladden the heart and lighten the careshof mother in a way too often thoughtof. If boys, if girls, could but realize their indebtedness to theirmothers, they certainly wouldgenerally be very much anxiousabout pleasing them. The great menof the world, who have acknowledgedtheir indebtedness to their mothers,took delight in pleasing them. Butmost of all their nol)le lives, the:rcourage in doing right and theihonorable achievements in publiclife were especially pleasing to their Jnoble mothers. Hardly a highertribute can be paid to any youngman's success in life than "It pleasedhis mother."How About Your Credit.Can you getwmything you want tobuy on credit? In nine cases out often the man who answers this question affirmatively is a man who hasvery little charged on the books ofhis local merchants. The man whosecredits good uses it sparingly; payshis accounts and has small occasionto borrow from others.Credit is not a favor, it is not animplied compliment, but it is poorbusiness. In the first place, it" ispoor business on your part becauseit will lead you to extravagance. Youwill spend more money when youcharge things than when you reachin your pocket and pay the fare asyou go. The merchants realize thatextended credit is poor business, too,but that is their business alone. Youmust take care of it; make otherpeople respect it and respect it yourself. Good Word Tor The Hen.The Farmers Home Journal risesto speak a good word for the hen andher part in winning the war. "In allthistalk about food production thehumble hen should not be forgotten,because in a rush job she is in a classby herself. She can produce food inthe shape of eggs and meat, and canreproduce herself more quickly thanany other sort of livestock, and in doing it can use up more varieties ofwaste-food products."Women In Business.This is the age of women. We findall the avocations, professions andtrades of life opening their doors toadmit the enterprising women. Someare going into their own and someare going into other people's business. In our admiration for the newwoman there is danger of fQgettingthe wife arid mother and woman'strue sphere as a" home-maker.IF I WERE A FARMERIT I were a farmer I would keepat handa few reliable medicines forminor ailments that 'are not sb serious as to require the attention of aphysician such asjChamberlain's Coiicand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, colds and croups.Chamberlain's Liniment for sprains,bruises, and rheumatic pains.Chamberlain's Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. ,This would require an outlay of;only 1.10. By haVing these artl,cles at hand it would often -save thotrouble. ot a trip to town in thej - , . . i i, :y.i .-.-UUJUCak &C4L3UU Ul nIU 111C UlgUl, (UUwouiq. ena.Die me iu lics-j, siigui aii-meats as soon as they appear, andthereby aroid the more serious diseases that "so of tea follow. -just as we. axej, inclothes and mannersour veryjity, to '.thbie wHo(adv-april) fcn&Lip&TR!imninN ti1 W WIlWB "AMERICAN FARMBACK TO THE LAND"We can count to the utmost degree,on the p5.Lri0l.idm of the Americanfarmer," Herbert Hoover said in-a recent onfrrrco with Food Administration rorL.ei'5 of the different states.This was the message brought backby the Kentucky representative whoattended the conference.Food must first be raised before itcan be sent to American soldiersabroad and their English, French, Belgian and Italian associate's in war.The only people who can raise food inlarge quantities are the farmers, andthe Kentucky soldiers at Hattiesburgand Camp Zachary Taylor are countingon the folks back home producing thelargest food crop in the history of thestate.People who live in cities and smalltowns in Kentucky are asked to helpwin the war by raising their own backyard gardens. Every time a city family raises a bushel of beans in a gardenthe Food Administration is enabled totake a bushel of beans from the farmand send them to Europe. Gardener3are urged to raise enough beans andpotatoes to last all next winter, and tostore them on their own premises.The Food Administration announcesthat the entire country east of theMississippi River would have beenshort of potatoes this last winter except for this home supply raised ingardens last year, but because theywere raised in gardens potatoes todayare plentiful and one of the cheapestfoods in the market, and every oneshould use them freely. The man whocan raise a gardenthis year, and doesnot do so, will not only fail to helpwin the war, but will be in actualdanger of himself suffering for foodnext winter.Save Food.The Food Administration announceato the people of Kentucky that therewill be sugar for canning this year.Those who need sugar for canninghave only to apply to their County Administrators at the canning time, whowill give them certificates entitlingthem to purchase in necessary quantities. Save Food.During the next four months America will be shorter of wheat than anything else. Lessening of wheat consumption is a military necessity. Wehave less than a bushel apiece which"must be made to last until about July1st. Slaving wheat is war work, andthe man or woman who wastes'wheaiis m tlie class with the Russian Bolshevik! who destroyed ammunition andenabled the Huns to make their invasion of Russia a holiday affair.Sav Food.The campaign for additional signatures to the Household Pledge Card isprogressing throughout Kentucky.About 200,000 women have signed, but300,000 have not, and the campaignwill continue until every one of the300,000 have either signed or positivelyrefused to do so. In some of the counties the newspapers are printing thenames of those who sfgn. In thosecounties everybody knows that thosewhose names are not printed are not'trying to win the war, and are not goodAmericans.Save Food.Food Administration workers inevery county are taking the names ofthose who sign and those who do notsign. Copies of these names will bekept in each county, in Louisville andin Washington. Soon this record willbe complete, and the children otjthefuture generations of Kentuckiana willbe able to tell 100 years from nowwhether their grandparents were goodAmericans or selfish slackers.Save Food.In an interview today, vjFred. M.Sackett, the Federal Food Administrator for Kentucky, said that the activeco-operation he was receiving from thepeople of the state in all the effortswhich the Administration at Washington was making to insure adequatesupply of foodstuffs and equitable distribution at fair prices, was intenselygratifying. In war times prices of allfoodstuffs are high, yet high prices induce large production, and it is quantity of food that this country needstoday. Whatever sacrifice of personalgain is being made is by our peoplewho produce our needed food, is butthe tribute of the man and woman athome to our boys who have gone fromevery community to fight for our fret"Com and our liberties.l .. -Bav Food. SffgiftHCATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly infiuenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and1 actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. . Hall's CatarrhMedicine was prescribed by 'one of thehest physicians in this .coiintry foryears. It is composed of some of thobest tonics known, combined vithsome of the best blood purifiers. Th3perfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine i.-?what produces such wonderful-resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O...All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ' -(adv-ajril)The co-belligerents 'oasthe westerntrojUmusjoJhandsojta;Coicert-ti. ',totudLf r-edlglit-l(:IoifMio;S52$r ' 'A Sen1l(rkali'ehaiiofW& TestimonyAnd faris JLdli Iti.Voiceto the GraM Chords ofLocal Praise.From north to south, from east towest;In every city, every community;In every $tate in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results. -And it's all for the benefit of fellowsufferers.In this grand chorus of localpraise Paris is well represented.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experiences.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729' Cypressstreet, Paris, says: "Some years ago,I found it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of the complaint.1 have good reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakor lame back or irregular passages ofthe kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.New Version of a Beatitude.Blessed are the poor, for they shallnot keep up appearances. Neithermust they read the books that arewritten about them. From Atlantic.Are you helping the governmentin its prosecution of the war in everyway you can?Our PricesModeratePrices depend upon the style4 ofmountings and kind of power oflenses. In the mountings there is achoice of solid gold, gold-fille'd andother materials. Lenses may be flator toric (wide field); various kindsof bifocals are supplied, as require'd.These factors make a considerable.range in prices.Our prices for all services and supplies are as low as is consistent withthe highest standard of service andmaterials.We have the latest thing inframes. If you need glasses, give-usa call. Consultation free.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.STATEMENTOf The Ownership, ManagementEtc., ofTHE BOURBON NEWS,published Tuesdays and Fridays, atParis, Ky., for April, 1918, requiredby the Act of August 24, 1912.NOTE! This statement is to be madeIn duplicate, both copies to be delivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to theThird Assistant Postmaster Deneral(Division of Classification), Washington, D. C, and retain the other in thefiles of the postoflice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postofncc Address Paris, Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager- Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thoname and address of stockholders holdIng one per cent, or more of .totalamount of stock.) vSwift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgages andother security holders, holding onfper cent, or more of total amount ofbonds, mortgages or other securities.None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 1st day of April, 1918.C. K. THOMAS,Notary Public Bourbon Co., KyMy Commission expires Jan. 22,1918:?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co. '. - Phone 376TCfcrfktfaiWfe"Position- asfpianager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Beat of reference. Apply at- this office. " (tf)For SaleI offer for sale nrivatelv mvibuilding, lot on Seventh street, ad -joining the property of Prof. T. A.Hendricks. CalL on or addressH. J. GROSCHErBoth Phones 222.TRY THEVULCANWell Finished, Strong,Rib Strengthened Mold, FullHHK? tfflBK.Y omt, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.Whan Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.-TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE-Don't let others try to put off "something just as good" others are simifar, but they don't stand the racket.PlowWith a PlowThat Will PlowXTHE VULCANHas Stood TheTest Of Years ! vHere's the Place to Get theGenuine.C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant 3tc.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective February 10, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.)- vTRAINS FROM ARRIVAL'34 Atlanta, dally : 5:20 amIt Rowland, daily except Sunday .-. , . . ,7'tl am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:88 tm40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . r., , .,.7:40 am37 Cincinnati, O., dally ; 10:05 am12 Lexington, daily 10:07 am33 Chicago, dally ... .: .. ..I0:20amMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 5:40 pm138 Lexington, Daily , 3 15 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn.,Daily 3:15 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5J50 pm16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday . '.""'sSO pm3 Jacksonville, Fla., Dally ' . 6-45 pm13t Lexington Daily ...7 . .10:23 p m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only r .".'.'... 1230 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only 5-40 pmTRAINS N FOR - " LEAVE34 Cincinnati daily - 5:25 am40 Cincinnati, dally except Sunday.... ....'....".. 7: 45 am17 Xiexingtbn .dally except J3unday... ........ 1 7t47 am10 MayiTille, dailyaxcept Sunday 1:4$ mol.13 Lxinfton, "daily except Sunday 10:28 am.37 KnoxrlUe," iafly 10:35 am33 JtekionTilledally r 10:25 amIf JnStn daily .... 8:25 pmf Rowland, Daily except Sunday..-. -oo pm16 Maysville, daily except Sunday. . ., 6-45 pm32 Chicago dally R0 m131 Lorfacfem, Dally . ".'...xt:T pm31 Atlamta.ChL.Dan7 10:38 pm210 Mayarille, Sunday only . 1'35 pm209 Lexington, .Sunday onlj 447 pmNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 ' Frankfort, Ky., Daily Sx. Sunday. ... .. .w. ....... .-..-. .. . . 738-a. a4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex; Snys..C.w.wv :5I p. a1 PIAIW5rFraml-fort, Ky., IJailyUx. Suaday... ;.... S:K a.t Frankfort, Ky.. Dally Ex.'Smdy...;....U...r;.'.. f:XFor Rent?Two nicely furnished front bedrooms, in Nippert Flat, over Linville Shoe Store; for gentlemenroomers. Aply on premises.(29-3t) MRS. N. A.-MOORE.Found.Twn fin t-nv nmi-oiioc. iqinn' size, have been found in the lobby of' the Paris postofflce. Owners can ob-j tain them by calling at general de-livery window, proving property and! paying costs of advertising.VULCAN aE'. PLOWSM-& The Vulcan Plow Co.,EVANSVILLE, IND.Durable, LightDrafkChilled Shinpiece, InterlockedHUIHAKT FORm:Jkr.V?. -4 .X,yvfTUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1918.THK BOURBON HEWS, FAKIS,XXEAT WITHOUT EEAEOF IHDIGESTIOH ORSOUR. ACID STOMACHInstant Relief! "Pane's Diapen-sin" Ends Your StomachDistressTry It!Wonder what upset your stomach. which portion of the food did thedamage do you? Well, don't bother. If your stomach is in a revolt; ifsick, gassy and upset, and what youjust' ate has fermented and turnedsour; head dizzy and aches; belchgases and acids and eructate undigested food; breath foul, tonguecoated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin to help neutralize acidity andin five minutes you wonder whatbecame of the indigestion and distress. Millions of men and women to-day-knowthat it is needless to have dyspepsia. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps the stomach sweetenedand they eat their favorite foodswithout fear.If your stomach doesn't take -careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is , a damage instead of a help, remember the quickest, surest, most harmless relief UPape's Diapepsin, which costs onlynfty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful itstops fermentation and acidity andsets things straight,, so gently andeasily that it is .really astonishing.(adv)Iq pj j?2 "NO PACKAGES POR SOLDIERS UNLESS SU JlJfitlUJSSlJJill.XShipment of any articles to troopsin France, unless they have been requested by the soldier himself, hasbeen forbidden by major-GeneralMarch, Acting Chief of Staff. Theywill -be refused by the postoffice andexpress companies unless accompanied by an approved request from thesoldier.No explanation of the order wa5given in the statement issued by General March, but it is known that thepurpose is to conserve transportationspace, both in ships crossing the Atlantic and an the badly congestedFrench railroads.MICKIE SAYSHEN NAN Bfc SONtEPLACE WHERE TVEV DOBETTER JO& pamTiNTa-TH&N V4YAAT Nfc DO MJTWlS OFFICE, BUT CANTIWD VT OM THISMPjgr-A V"V' fl ' i ViC"j; ik yrr vk. - cr -LAi iiiiiiiiiii I I rrri 4flKL.. Kir .5tJ -3? 4j"")HONOR ROIi FOR SEVENTHMONTH-PARIS CJTY SCHOOL.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.' Comings andGoings of OurI People Here, There andElsewhere.GRADE 12.Vernita Baldwin 94. Charlta TCpn-ney 91, Robert Lavin 94, Ruth Lin-vnie si, Hiuna onapp U6, iuaDei rem-. xplin 92. Mrs. Homer Kiser has returnedGRADE 11. J from a visit to relatives in Rich-Wm. Brophy 92, Elmeta Hinton 91, mond'Tfcelma Squires 91, Virginia Dundon' Mrs- Maude Flynn, of Winches-i, .Lawrence aoper 91, Eugene liair w ," leuem guest ui menus mTTTHm,MuuCHARLESSUOHROCFOR RmOTJS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theu.r,. n-nA nnrvont thp. disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give youa relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)Let UsTake TheRiskHome Dry Cleaning is dangerousto vou and your family.Results can not be as good as whenwe do it.For quality and service, phoneThe Electric DryCleaning Co.Fifth Street, near Traction Office,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Phone 901, HomePhone 12.(apr2-2t)ADVANCE PUBLICITY FOR THIRDLIBERTY LOAN.To prepare long in advance for thethird Liberty Loan campaign, tenparties of three or more speakerseach will start tours early thismonth, visiting several towns a dayand assisting local committees to organize publicity and other campaignwork for the big drive, which probably will be in April. One speakerin each party, the Liberty Loan Publicity Bureau announced, will be aUnited States soldier who has seenservice in France and one will be awoman.Definite plans have been made forthree parties which will start Marcn11 on tours respectively of the Richmond, Va., Atlanta and Dallas Federal Reserve districts.Moving picture stars have been enlisted for campaign work in the thirdloan. Douglas Fairbanks-has agreedto "tour anywhere, do anything, andsay anything" on behalf of the loan.Mary Pickford will spend one weekspeaking in Eastern States and Marguerite Clark will make a speakingtour of the Middle West. '91 Albert Stewart 91GRADE 10.Paris.-Mr.ThomdTs Prichard was atTHE. THREAT TO WORLDSAFETY xvThat appalling damnationTWINDepartment Store.BROSAnnounces ASPECIALSHOWINGintelligence with humanityconverting a whole people intoa predatory monster has descended on the world.No human institution, fire orfabled beasts breaking 'upthrough the crust of the earth,could not more awfully threatenus.Every energy of every civilized nation be assembled for resistance. An unused dollar is an unused weapon.How shall we face enslavedmen, mutilated chidren and forlorn women, if in this hour ofsupreme peril, we hold backidle in our house a weapon thatmight have helped to save theworld.m mOFNewDressesin manybeautiful designsandpatternsatbargain prices.TWIN BROS.Department StoreMain aid Serentk StreetsPASTOR GIVEN 15 YEARS TORDISLOYAL UTTERANCESA sentence of fifteen years in theFederal penitentiary at Atlanta wa-imposed by Federal Judge nowe onthe Rev. Clarence H. Waldron, a Baptist clergyman, of Windsor, Vermont,convicted Tuesday nightof disloyalutterances and opposing the Government's military service plans.A motion for a stay of executionwas denied by Federal Judge Howe,who, however, in imposing sentenceannounced that the motion might bepresented later. 'Twononths ago a jury at Brattleboro. failed to agree after twenty-fourhours. At both trials Waldron madevehement denial of the charges, although a score of witnesses testifiedthnt Iip refused the use of the Baptistchurch at Windsor for patriotic meetings; that he had spoken against theLiberty Loan and had advised youni?men to resist the draft even to thpoint of facing a sunrise firing-squad.m m ifcNEW POSTER POR SPECIAL USE.The "Melting Pot" poster, especially intended for use among foreignlanguage speaking people in behalfof War Savings is now reauy iuishipment from Washington. Kentucky has a small allotment of theseposters on the way. and the attention of County Chairmen is called tothem. It is of the greatest, importance to see to it that these postersare conspiciously displayed in suchlo'calities where that? class of our pop.,ioi nrAilominates. Club houses,nre-anization and society 'headquarters, churches and other meetingplaces, newspaper oSices, factories,,; sim-iai -niaces of -business, are especially adapted for thev display ofthis poster. .rvua. Miitimi.il War Savings? Com,iffQ will h nleased to send aspeaker from the Foreign LanguageDivision, at wasningwu, "- ;jsection where there is a communityof foreign language speaking people.ti,0 nttP.ntion of County Chairmen iscalled -to this, .so that;Jthey .pnf y communicate aneir wisnes xo aiweneau-quarters. -GRADE 8A.Louise Collier 93, Katherine Wallingford 91.GRADE 8B.Virginia Morrison 91, Nannett-1Arkle 96, Laura Belle Smith 92, EdDrane Patton 93, Elizabeth Taylor93, Margaret Hill 98, Virginia Hancock 97, Virginia Cahal 93) Kati'rHoward 97.GRADE 7A.Thelma Payne 96TEnen Scott 94.GRADE 7B.Martha Collier 91.GRADE 6A. ,Edgar Hill 96, Anita Overby 91,Christine Sams 90.GRADE 6B.Harry Tucker 94, Elgin Story 90,Frances Thompson 93, Hallan Goldstein 95, Frances Clark 95 BruceGardner 93.GRADE 5A.Elmita Douglas 92," Ethel Shanklin 92, Katherine Young 93, EthelWoodward 93.GRADE 5B.William Hinton 95, Marie Bishop94, Anne Cay wood Talbott 95, Gertrude Smelser 93, Ethel Mae Curtis90, Will Moore Lair 95.GRADE 4A.Blanche Davidson 92, Dorothy Pepper 94, Helen Roberts -95, WilliamYerkes 95, Alice Burton 97, RebeccaCollier 95, Rosa May Carr 91, EJsieMorrison 96.GRADE 4B.Kady Elvove 94, Sam Hendricks94, Sarah Elvove 93.GRADE 4B.Jessie Irvine 93, Myrtle Watson 93,Lelia Kiser 92, James Reading 91.Windel Reading 91, FreedaNewman91, Edwin Rice 90." GRADE 3 A. rMildred Green 90, Kraft King 90,Harvey Hill 91, Jewel Mapey 91, Eugene Strother 91, Frankie Hubbard92, Chas. Cook 94, Edward Merringer 94, Ruth Dickerson 95, Effie Edwards 95, Susan Howard 97.GRADE 3B.Elizabeth Watson 90, Edna BrucoStewart 92, David Blythe 94, EdnaCrump 91, William Sauer 96, KatieLee Sanders 93, Richard Best 94."" GRADE 2A. -Orie Lee Boaz 90, John Bower 94,Dorothy Thomas 94, Thenaska McCord 94, Willie Martin -,Mann 90,Elsie Myers 90, William Marshall 94;Ruth-Lee 90, Katie Irvine 95, MaryE. Isgrig 91, Julian Howe, Jr., 90.Virginia Honican 93, Noah S. Hinton93, Imogene Fryman 92, AlbertBlythe 92, Eugene Chambers -95,Kenney Chambers 93, Ella D. FaulkDl, Vivian Smith 91, ElizabelhDouglass 90, Edward Shout 90,Gladys Quinn 90, yGRADE 2B.Shirel Wills 90. . sGRADE 1A.Eva Roberts 96, Dorothy McCoul95, Marie Foley 95, Anna Parrent 93.Frances Bowling 92, Ella May Brown90, James Morrison 96, Dotson Wells90, Raymond Stewart 94, John-Shearer93. William Clough 92. ClaudeKRussell 90, Prentice Burton 96, JohnKing 95, Elon , Tucker 94, ElseyTucker 95, JJarry Lancaster 95.GRADE IB.Nancy Baldwin 96, Elizabeth Hinton 9-1, Lucy Maxey 91, Hazel Mastin92, Annella Myers 96, Camille Perkins 92, Mary Stone 91, ElizabethWhitley 97, Louis Elvove 95, VirgilGaitskill 94, Lawrence Mullin 95,Anna Lee Watson 91, Bonnie LeoPerkins 91, Clemma Mann 90.3 m-iaMargaret Lavin 97, Dorothy Tingle, home several days from Camp ZacU97, Christine McCord 96, Catherine ar Taylor, near Louisville. vBrophy 94, Mildred Collier 91, Fa-j ;rs- Thompson Tarr and Mrs.vola Dundon 91, Elizabeth Snapp 90. Hugh Montgomery were recent visGRADE 9. itors in Cincinnati.Hilda Taylor' 91, Thelma Bran-! Mrs- Harry Booth, of Lawrencenock 91, Nancy Yornig 90, Josephine; DUr is a guest of her parents, Mr.Fithian 90. r 1 and Mrs. A. J. Fee.Misses Katnenne Marsh anaMary Kenney Webber were at homefrom Margaret College, at Versailles,for the Easter holidays. wMr. William G. Swearengen, ofCincinnati, is a guest of his father-in-law,Mr. George R. Davis.Miss Anna Welsh, of -near Paris,is visiting her sister, Mrs. O'Donnell,in Avondale, near Cincinnati.Mr. Coleman-Renick is at homafrom Chicago, where he has been attending college, for a vacation stay.Mrs Katie Bryan has a guestat herhome on Cane Ridge, nearParis, Miss Mary King, of Mt. Sterling. Mr. Madison Smoot, of the Louisville & Nashville clerical forces, iswrestling with a severe case ofmumps.Mrs. Carl Crawford, who hasbeen spending the winter in St. Petersburg, Fla., will return to Paristhis week.Misses Marguerite and ClaraHighland, of Covington, "are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James, in HenryAddition.Mr. Charles XA. Webber, of theBourbon Garage & Supply Co., hasleturned from a ten-days' sojourn af,Martinsville, Indiana.Misses Margaret Stone, LucilleBurnaw and MaryTilton, guests oflelatives in this city, have returned totheir home in Carlisle.Miss Elizabeth Clay Alexander,of Piaua. Ohio.is a guest of Mr. andMrs. A. B. Hancock, and Miss KateAlexander, on Pleasant street.Miss Ruth Feld, who is attending Say: o College; in Lexington, spentthe Easier holidays in Paris with herparents, :- r- and Mrs. David Feld.M:r. . hos. Mitchell, of this city,who lecncly underwent a serioussurgicaroperation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is improving nicely.Mrs. Lyttleton B. Purnell returned Friday night from a visit to hersisters,' Mrs. Lee Barbour and MifcsMabel Hill, at St. Matthews, nearLouisville.Mr. and Mrs. Lewis HershelHumble arrived Saturday from theirhome at Somerset, Ky., for a visit toMr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncon avenue.' Miss Sara Power, who is attending Science Hill Academy, at Shelby -ville,spent the Easter holidays with,her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.Power, near Paris.Miss Mary Gorey, who is attending Nazareth Academy, near Bard-town, spent the Easter holidays inthis city with her parents, Mr. andMrs. Edward H. Gorey.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Murray, ofAurora, 111., Louis Turner, of M.'M.I., Miss Juliet Turner, of HamiltonCollege, and Mr. Harmon Turner, ofCamn Zachary Taylor, spent theEaster holidays with Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Turner, near Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5.); lea )5& kim -RMDFERNCORSETS'TheNe Plus Ultra of Corsetry'-rv2 ;j.-tThe Hon. Mrs. Grahame was afamous beauty of her time, andwas considered one of the mostbeautifully dressed women sobeautiful that Gainesborough required no accessory in his painting. The proportions' of her figureso carefully taken denote thatshe could have worn this model.Nature gave her a low bust,and this little model would haveheld the bust and cunningly indented the waist with that verystraight front and back line somuch the vogue.This beautiful model ismade of fine batiste. It -exquisitelycompletes' thelingerie ,of the well dressedwoman, i$4 up.Back Lace. Front Lace.rv-Nr"WOLF, WILES CO.LEXINGTON, KY.CANCELED STAMPS HAVE NO USEIN EEi) CROSS WORK.Don't waste time and, energy saving canceled postage stamps for theRed Cross. Somebody, somewherehas started one of those pleasant,but likely-to-be-annoying -fictionsconcerning the value of postagestamps which have served theiroriginal purpose. This time the. ideaspread abroad is that the AmericanRed Cross has devised a method ofextracting the dyes from the canceled stamps and putting the dyes topractical use. There is nothing morein the scheme than a figment ofsomeone's imagination; but tlie Postdffice Department reports that several bags of old stamps have occuinyulated through the good will of persons who have thought they weredoing something to help win the war.within the last two weeks, also,scores of letters have been .receivedat Red Cross headquarters, from persons asking information regardingthe matter. ,The Red Cross wishes to advise,asovidelv as possible, the absolutefalsity of theeport that used postage stamps have any' value throughthe extraction of the dyes containedin them.m m mPolitics of the Future.Some day a political genius will announce that lie covets the votes of theworst class -of people; and the boredand soft-soaped electorate will arise,with a mighty shout and elect himto office unanimously. Sioux CityJournal. ' "" .A HERO EVERY DAY. ,For unusual heroism, the Secretaryof the Navy has just awarded a medal -honor to Ora Graves, seaman ofthe United States navy. His is thesecond medal of honor awarded to aman in the regular navy since thewar began. On JDecember 23, last,an explosion following the firing of athree-inch salute charge on boaidthe U. S. S. Pittsburg, then inSouth American waters. Two menwere killed and several others injured Graves was thrown Jo thedeck but soon recovered. Coining tohis senses, he noticed a bundle o'fburning waste lying on the deck. Despite his knowledge of 'the presencoof powder in a nearby xiasement, andthe risk he took of being killed byexplosion, he picked up the blazingmaterial and put out the flames withhis hands. Graves enlisted in thenavy in November, 1916, at SanFrancisco. His mother, Mrs. AliceL. Graves, lives at Maxwell, N. M.I IS JEl JBIColumbia GrafonolasSHBrColumbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B$30.00- Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYJ??MY SOLDIER.' Now I lay me down to sleep, -Ipray the Lord my soul to keep,God bless my brother gone to warAcross the seas, in France so far.Oh, may his fight for LibertySave millions more man ntiie me'Prom cruel fates of ruthless blast.And bring him safely home at iasc.- The idea in the paraphrase of thefamiliar prayer was suggested by thebedsiue plea of a little girl whosebrother is fighting in France. It wasriTrn i.HnronPo nhnnt the time news-of the death of the first Kentuckysoldier was published. Atter-xnclittle one. had fallen asleep her mother composed the lines above, and itwould be a beautiful thing if all thelittle brothers and sisters of the7Anf,,if,'nnc "AnrnRcs the seas, inFrance," were tauglit to pray: "God.mess ray orowici &vnv, - .. --Buy War Sasdngs Stamps and -help"Save millions more than little me.'pa li8lf-Centered.It isn't wholly because of a chilly reception that some people are all wrapped up in themselves. PhiladelphiaRecord. ..Great Britain hadmoe .wheat instore on- the'first ofDecenber) 1917ythan a year before. vtThe oldestlion'in captivity hasbeen putto death because his; agewas a tburderr-to 'him. ,-.'- .. '- -- 'WALL PAPERPaints - Window Glass7 BrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper Hangingv Interior DecoratingvWORK DONE BY EXPERTS.yZEWTJTiGIVE US A CALLC. A. DAUGHERTY- - 1'StreetsFifth and..i-r--Nvty-iV,r" IIK'?AU JTOfl.T-y VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, RYtumsat, awul a, ifai.:?t 1TEWS OF WOMEITS WOKnfTEEESTIKG TO CLUBWOKEN.- -All honor to our girls, the "clubwomen of to-morrow." A magnificent success was theirs in the RedCross sale of last Saturday. A generous response met them on everside. Mr. Cline, in offering his offices a store house for supplies, littledreamed of being submerged in eggs,butter, preserves, pickles, hams, seedcorn, hay, dry goods, potatoes, groceries, bric-a-brac, fancy work, flowers, having even the care of livestock thrust upon him. However, hecame up smiling, proving himself tobe the "good fellow" that he reallyis.- At the Bed Cross Booms.'Tuesday U. D. C. and W. C. T. U." Wednesday Paris Literary Club."Thursday Methodist Women'sSociety. . .-Priday Baptist Woman's Society.Saturday D. A. K.scissors and thimble,self for service.present your-To The House-Cleaners.In your work of sorting "and casting aside garments, the Red Cross requests that you keep in mind a second call for refugee clothing. Thiswill surely come as the autumn ad-j vancesfMrs. James McClure has set themark. Besides other garments, heroutput has been sixty (60) pairs ofsocks, furnishing her own yarnShe has knitted for every branch ofthe army, from private to MajorGeneral Pershing next.With the Clubs.The Progressive Culture Clubcloses the year with a musicale.Leader, Mrs. Foster.The Paris Literary Club sets asidoits program for a day with the RedCross.An emergency call has been received by the Surgical Dressings Department, for a large number of articles, which must be delivered byApril 6th. The room will be openevery day this week. Skilled or unskilled, you are needed. Armed withPublic SaleMules, Horses, Cattle,Farm Implements, &c.The Millersburg Twentieth Century Club closed its year's work onSaturday, March 30, with the following program:Kentucky ArtJoel Tanner Hart Mrs. Chas. RobtJones.Paul Sawyer Miss Ollie Fisher.Dixie Seldon Miss Agnes Purnell.Kentucky Treasurers of Art Mrs.C. B. Smith.Current History was chosen as thetopic for next year's study.This being the last meeting, thohostess, Mrs. C. B. Smith was givenpermission to serve a Hoover tea,which all enjoyed.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.At the recent meeting ot the ParisCity Council, presided oyerby MayorE. B. January, o-ne of the most important features was the recommendations made by-consulting engineerW. H. Weiss, with regard to theNEWS ,0TES FROM DEPARTMEHT OF MARKETS.A considerable number" or lettersare being received irom countyagents and others regarding miscellaneous products for sale, especiallycanned tomatoes, canned corn, etc.lighting of the city and renewal of; The Department, of Markets can. bethe contract for electric lighting for ; of material aid to home canners iaAt Maple Lawn. Farm, four milesfrom Paris, on the Jackstown pike,Tuesday, April 9, 1918beginning at 10 o'clock, a. m.Haying sold my farm and am moving to town, I will sell the followingat auction:Mules, Horses and Ponies25 head of mules, including 18two-year-old mules;Two yearling mules;6 or 7 aged work mules;25 head of work and driving,horses;Six ponies;One six-year-old gray mare,Percheron, broke and a good one;One six-year-old sorrel, half Percheron mare, will weight 16C0pounds, strictly good;One three-year-old gelding,Perchenm, good;One pair Percheron mares;One family horse, six years old,good saddler, gentle for lady;One six-year-old family horse;One five-year-old registered combined gelding, 16 hands high;Carrie Cantrill chestnut mare byHighland Denmark, in foal to Highland Choice, a beautiful mare, registered;One Bourbon Chief mare, in foalto Bourbon King, season paid;Balance good young horses, eightten of which I have registeredThe North Middletown Woman'sClub closes the year with the following program:The World's Islands Mrs. Magnus Rash.Influence of Geography on Government, Society and Religion Mrs.John S.Talbott.The Adaptability of Present Racesto Geographical Condition, and theoutlook for the Future Mrs. WillGay.Mrs. Frank Lowry, State Chairmanof Art, addressed the NintlfDistrictConvention held in -Maysville lastweek. She reminded her audiencethat, though pur every resourceshould be utilized to win the war,we should not lose sight of the factthat some day the war will' be over,and that day must not find us unprepared. We must still move forward in lines of progress, of education, ecpecially along the lines of art,upon which many of our industrialoccupations depend.halforfrom four to six yeais old;Arabia seven-year-old registeredShetland mare pony, pet name, Beauty, gentle;Two yearling fill ponies, bred atElmendorf;One spotted four-year-old pony,very gentle;Two or three unbioken ponies.CattleEight fresh cows, some very choicein the lot;Five Aberdeen-Angus yearlingbulls, ready for service;Ten head of good steer calves;TBight or ten Jersey heifers;A-few yearling cattle.Hoes.Thirty head ol eighty-poundshoats;Twenty 110-pound shoats;Eight good sows and pigs, mostlyDurocs; ;Two registered Elmendorf Beik-jshire boars;One Duroc boar; jOne sow due to pig soon;Also lot of good chickens. - jThe Woman's Society of the Baptist church recently held its annualhalf; Home Mission meeting. The pastor,Dr. Goldsmith, gave an infoimal talk,full of information concerning thedifferent phases of home work, afterwhich a collection was taken amounting to fifty dollars. A social hour fol-I lowed, during which tea and sandwiches were served.The Week of Prayer, observed by, the C. W. B. M., closed Friday. Bej sides the devotional service, the literary program and the business session,a number of new names were enrolled and the annual Easter offeringwas taken, which this year amountedto $120.Now, since you have settled theincome tax question, get ready forthe liberty Loan. We are stakingevery thing on Uncle Sam, and heneeds the money. -We must not fail to reach our apportionment "of War Saving Stamps.Five cents a day will buy threeBaby Bonds.the current year. By the report itwas shown that the city had beenpaying a total of $7,995.04 per annum for lighting the city streets,when a reasonable compensation, inhis estimation, would be about$5,000. Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, manager of the Paris Gas & Electric Co ,was present, and stated the company's side of the matter, and thathe company had been consistentlycarrying out fts jcontract with thecity. The matter was deferred forfurther investigation.. The Council allowed and orderedpaid the interest to amount of $450on the Mrs. Green Clay note as donation to the Massie Memorial Hospital. The bond of Patrolman Geo.Judy was .read and put on record. Amotion was adopted approving awarning to the public regarding thedog tax law, which became effective yesterday. The contract madewith Woods Bros, regarding use cfthe old limekiln property as a publicdumping ground waFTeferred to theCommittee on Sanitation for reconsideration. The matter of establishing a fire zone in the city limits, permitting the city to control the character of building erected and building permits, was brought up for consideration. Councilman Merringer'smotion to drop, the litigation" pending between the city and the Ne'Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.,regarding the latter's property inorder to save attorneys' fees, waslost by a vote of 4 to 3.The report of business done in thePolice Court in the months of January, February and March was submitted by Police Judge Ernest Martin, showed a total amount assessedin. fine of $319, of which $67.50 wascollected, $198 replevined and $60worked out.disposing of these products if fullparticulars are furnished. CountyAgents, having such products in theircounties, are earnestly requested tomake an endavor to arrange for theirmarketing in order that this goodwork may be carried on during thecoming year.JOHN R. HUMPHREY,Field Agent in Marketing.te T 1THE PASSING OF HORSE SHOWDAY AT APRIL COURT.The passing of what was once thebig feature of April Court Day inParis, the '-stallion show, was painfully apparent Monday when onlythree stallions were exhibited andthey of the draft type of horses.Years ago somewhere in the neighborhood of 25 to 35 stallions wouldbe on exhibition," representing amoney value of more than $100,000.Then it was that such famous stallions as Barron Wilkes, King Chieftain, Bourbon Wilkes, FavoriteWilkes and Bourbon King -would attract hundreds of horsemen and thentire public square would be a seaof humanity interested in the fine animals. But this has all disappearedunder the changing stress of time andthe public square is now largely demoted to the sale of plug 'horses andthe parking of automobiles, a bumSalvation Army entertainment and afew street fakirs.i ,,FREE DEMONSTRATION.FELD'S FINE SPRING FOOTWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT FROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.DOG TAX.Attend the free demonstration ofthe famous Calaric Pipeless Furnacein the Price Building Wednesday;Thursday and Priday. Many Pleasedusers in Paris.HOWARD HARDWARE CO., Agts.Jo. Varden, Local Representative.m m jFRESH FISH TO-DAY.Nice fresh shipment of salmon-foito-day. Call us up. We dress themfree of charge, prompt delivery.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (2-2t)FRANK &CQ.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918NOW SHOWINGJt "C.New Spring MaterialOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONC-2Silks, Dress GoodsThe ordinance passed by the CityCouncil on February 28, 1918, in regard to a tax on dogs, will be strictlyenforced, beginning April 1, 1918.The tax is ?1 on each dog owned orharbored by any person in the Cityof Paris.Upon the payment of the tax thefiifv PnllAotnr will fnvnieTi i"ho rkwnmwith a rnotal tir -nr ifVi flio rnllm.rinn-! Condition...w m, "'v, mfc, ..iwi t.i.1 lUJiunuifj.,inscription thereon: "Paris Dog Tax1918." This must be attached to the'dog.All dogs on which tax is not paicLwill be humanely destroyed.E. B. JANUARY.Mayor of the City of Paris(It)BRAKEMAN SERIOUSLYSUNDAY. -HURTBrakeman Hooper, who lives withhis mother on Parrish, avenue, wasstruch by a freight train at Berea.,Sunday, and was seriously hurt. Hewas taken to the hospital at Bereaand at last report was "in a seriousJ?"43CJ15 PIECES OF PARIS PROPERTYAT AUCTION.Having bought some farm land Ifind I must convert my city propertyinto cash, and will sell without reserve, at public auction, on Saturday, April 6, beginning at 1:30 p.m., 15 pieces of the most desirabletown property, consisting of threepieces facing on Broadway businessproperty; a number of desirablebuilding lots and number of cottagesand small homes. For further detailssee Harris & Speakes. jJAMES McCLURE.(26-3t)POLITE, FAIR AND HELPFUL.Courtesy, square dealing and service are required by the InternalRevenue Bureau of its thousands ofemployees who are aiding in the collection of war revenues. A manualhas been sent out for their use withthe purpose of making as pleasant adpossible the task of the American citizen to find out what his Pederattaxes -are and how to pay them.The internal revenue officers aieinstructed to inform the taxpayers ofall his rights, to require of him not 1cent more than the law demands,while at the same time securing fo'the Government all that justly isdue it.It is estimated that 7,000,000American citizens will pay incometaxes this year a great increasefrom the few hundred thousand heretofore paying such taxes.The work of estimating and co1lecting taxes from such a great number of citizens is one of great magnitude, and that it should be done fairly and without friction is an achievement worth much effort.V. C. HIGH-GRADE FERTILIZER.Burley Tobacco glower and truegrowers' favorite.f(22-4t) . W. C. DODSON.VOILES; POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODS-s. 'l!'"-.READY-TO-WEAR. SUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK. -FRANK & GO.TheBoys' StoreCHAS. SCOTT TO MANAGEKLAW & ERLANGER.EO1!Earm ImplementsOne Superior drill, bought new lastfall;One Thomas drill, good as new;Deering binder;Deering mower, bought last season; Land roller; "vHarrows;Breaking plows;Avery cultivators; 'Hay rake;Three good Stivers grass seed strippers; Four farm wagons;Two spring wagons;Brake wagon;Three dump carts;Dump wagon;Hog boxes; .Grass seed drill;New Moyer buggy; , ,Sveral other buggies;New pony trap, with pole andshafts;Ome Brewster carriage, other implients, &c;Jour sets of new stripper harness;Three sets double harness;Pony harness;Bigth or ten sets of plow gear;Six sets of wagon harness;Wksel barrow;Many" other things too numerousto mention.Sale rain or shine and will startjM'omptly at 10 o'clock a. m,.Come early, as we have lots of stuffto Mil.TBRMS -Made knon on day ofMale. .. . - - - ,W.HJWHALEY. tt4Mr. Chas. Scott, formerly-of Lexington, who has been manager of theDixie Theatre, at Camp ZacharyTaylor, has -resigned that" positionand will leave shortly for New Yorkto take charge ofone of the Klaw &Erlanger Theatres in that city.Mr. Harrison Scott, his son, is amember of the Barrow Hospital Unitand as soon as he leaves the Camphis father will go to New York.A New Spring HatFor: 25 Cents ;7-HYou can color your straw hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.Brooks&SnappDrugCo.VALUABLE PROPERTY AT AUCTION ON SATURDAY, APRIL 6.Beginning at 1:30 p. m., on Saturday, April 6, Harris & Speakes willsell for James McClure 15 pieces ofvaluable city property. Some finebusiness property, a number of beautiful cottages and a number of desirable building lots go in this sale. Ifyou need a. home or v ant investmentproperty this is jrour opportunity.C26-3t)B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts16.000 BARRELS OF WHISKY ENDANGERED BY EIRE.The old cooper shop and barrelhouse belonging to the KentuckyDistilleries & Warehouse Company,at Camp Kelson, were destroyed byfire Friday nijgftt at about 11 o'clock.The fire is supposed to have originated from the cooper shop, a part -ofwhich was used as a blacksmith shn.vBoth buildings, with the exception ofsome toois and pipes, were empty.It was thought for a time that theWhiteoak Warehouse, which contains16,000 barrels of whiskey, was doomed to destruction. The loss is estimated at ?2,O00.and LightningFire, WindInsurance.Thomas; Woodford & Bryan.1 tat 1 .ALSE ALARM SATURDAY NIGHXThe fire department asponded ioan alarm sent in from box 46 Satuiday night. The department made aquick Tun,ao find that it tos onlyan-jmaginary fire 'discovered byJoaJWhen You're Out Buying Boys' Clothes ThisSpring Come to OurStore.We're on the job this season With the best andmost complete line of Boy' Clothes in Paris.Mothers come here with full confidence in ourability to meet Boys' Clothing requirements, andwe are sure that we can please the boys, as we havemade special efforts this season in buying the nobbiest and best styles we could find The newmilitary models in form fitting backsjbelt all aroundand fancy patch pockets in olive, drab, tanr, graysand fancy mixtures are bound to meet the an-ffp provaI of wel1 Messed boys. Oth-r models just asgood are shown in abundance. We r a1. .ling, big line of suits with two pairs of pants to match. Moth 3r-"who know goodclothes will know these values are not offered in every store.$5.00 to $15.00I . PSHWash Suits For Little MenWe have not overlooked the little men this season in selecting asortment of wash suits. Every model in best colors and. combinations.$1,50 to $3.00swellas-XR P. WALSH7th and MainOnfePrice Store-vPgH, Ky.!IIsV&415XaiStuaYis. jr. - ji - , i-5VT - ." V.. t -tr-.C3Zzfs&r -.TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1818."VU0)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4onounds; purity 99 1 -oer cent; seminationQ8 oer cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)GOOD SEED 0EN.I have 500 bushels of good seedcorn that tests 80 per cent. This isvour chance to buy.(2-2t) H. L. BALDWIN'.HEALTH AUTJ WELFARE LEAGUEMEETS THURSDAY.The Bourbon County Health andWelfare League will hold its regularmonthly meeting at the court houseThursday afternoon at 2 o'clock.m la laMEETING OF PYTHIAN SISTERS.By order of theM. E. C, Mrs,Anna Mussinon, all members oHermione Temple, Pythian Sisters,are requested to meet at their Lodgeroom Friday, April 5th, at 8 o'clockp. m. Business of importance.BE PRESENT AT PATRIOTICMEETING THIS EVENING.A nieeting has been called forTuesday evening at the court houseat 7:30 p. m to perfect an organization to put over Bourbon quota ofthe new Liberty Loan. Show yourpatriotism by being present, as thecommittee needs-your assistance.ONLY ALL WOOL.We adhere strictly to that policyin selecting our clothing for springYou don't find substitutes here ?20to $40.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHANGES AT POSTOFFICE.The Postoffice Department has confirmed the appointment of Mr. Robt.Rose as General Delivery Clerk. Mr.Rose will assume his duties at once,The place is under the Civil ServiceDepartment.Mr. Sam Mastin has been promoted from carrier of Parcel Post toLetter Carrier. Mr. John Brannonwill fill the position vacated by Mr.Maston.TsTfcs laGARDEN SEEDS.Get those garden seeds you needsbile you can. We have them,dt) C. P. COOK.. Jtt 1E S5REAL ESTATE SALES YESTERDAYHarris & Speakes made the following sales of city property yesterday.S. H. Finney a house and lot on Brentstreet, in old Fair Grounds Addition,for $1,800, and to Mrs. Nellie Landes,a two-story frame residence onWalker's avenue, the property cfMrs. L. Saloshin, for $2,000.The Paris Realty Co. sold yesterday at public auction the 91-acrctiajtof land known as the Dr. Moorefarm on the Jackstown and Centerville pike, to Mr. Kenney Houston, at120.50 per acre. , Luther MorelandAas the contending bidder. Auctioneer Kenney cried the sale.fa Es'fcs 'FREE DEMONSTRATION.Attend tlie free demonstration ofthe famous Calaric Pipeless Furnacein the Price Building Wednesday,Thursday and Friday. Many pleasedusers in Paris.HOWARD HARDWARE CO., At?ts.Jo Varden, Local Representative.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. June Clark is the guest oher parents on Pleasant street.Mr. Albert Hinton is able to beout after an illness of several days.Moxie Margolen left yesterdayfor a ten-day stay at Hot Springs.Mr. J. W. Ferguson, of Lexington, was a visitor in town yesterday.Mr. H. V. Thompson, of Wiches-ter, was a court day visitor yestei-aay.Mr. Fred Friendberg, of Birmingham, Ala., is visiting friends inParis.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftand Mrs. Garland Warfield spent yesterday in Lexington. -Mr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Davisreturned Saturday from a twomonths' stay in Florida.Dr. D. S. Henry returned Saturday from a visit to his father, J.B. Henry, of Latter, S. C.Mr. Coleman Re-nick is spendingthe Easter holidays with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Renick.Mr. and Mrs. Vaughn Drake, ofWinchester, was the guest of Mr.and Mrs. Harry Clay, Sunday.Messrs. Joseph W. Davis -andCharles Stephens Spears were guestsof friends in Frankfort, Sunday.Misses Anna and Katherine Wilson entertained at cards yesterday afternoon at their home on Mt. Airy.Mrs. Harry Hatcher has returned to her home in Ashland, after avisit to her uncle, Mr. Bruce Miller.President C. C. Fisher, of the Millersburg Female College,was in ParisMonday enroute home from Lexington. - .Mr. T. J. Judy, Jr., the handsomeyoung son of Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Judy, is ill with mumps at theihome in the "Robneel."Miss Edith Stivers, teacher atthe Newport High School, is the guestfor the week-end of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Stivers.Mr. W. G. McClintock and family have taken apaitments at Crosdale's Inn, while their home on Pleasant street is being remodeled.Mr. Hershel Humble will joinMrs. Humble for the week-end visit iwith Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson atBagsdale, North Carolina, and Jos.Davis, Jr.-zr-Mrs. W. V. Shaw is the guest ofrelatives at Butler.Miss Anna "WiTson is the guesof friends in Shelbyville.Mrs. Mollie Rice is improvedafter an illness of a week.Mr. W. 0. Hinton was in Lexington, Saturday, on business.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig wasa recent guest of Mrs. Porter ISJunnelly, in Georgetown.Little Miss Ann Jouett Davis, ofLouisville, is a guest of her father,Mr. witners Davis, in this city.Mrs. William Burchfteld, of Vincennes, Indiana, is the guest of her"sisters, Mrs. Henry A. Power aniJ Miss. Mary Bashford.Miss Phoebe Litsey, of. Harrodsburg, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.win. cooper, and family, at theirhome on Stoner avenue.Miss Margaret Bruce, of Eton.Ohio, is a guest of Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton and Miss Edith Whitridge, attneir home on High street.Mrs. Ray Harris has returnedto her home in Tulsa, Oklahoma, after a two-months' visit to her mother,Mrs. Wm. Beasley, in Clintonville.Mr. Homer Ritchie, who hasbeen a guest of relatives in this cityand county for several weeks, leftyesterday for Jiis home near Paris,Montana.Mrs. B. F. Robinson and childrenhave returned to their home in Larcaster after a visit to her father,Rev. Fr(ank M. Tinder," in North Middletown. Mr. John T. Ireland is the guestof his sister, Mrs. Mary IrelandDavis. Mr. Ireland has just returned from Havana, Cuba, where liespent the winter.Mr. L. M. Knight hasreturnedto his home in Nicholasville, after avisit to Mrs. Knight, who is a guestat the home of Dr. and Mrs. Weaver,in North Middletown.Mr. E. K. Thomas, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, who has been asufferer for several days with branchial trouble, left Saturday ior aslay afHot Springs, Ark.Mrs. Zerelda Chambers, whospent the winter in this city as aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Grover Baldwin, has returned toiheir home on Duncan avenue.A. C. Wachts, a Paris boy, wit1! her home in Boulder, Colorado.me irieia .artillery, at uamp z.acaary Miss ChristineJAPANESE COMIC OPERA ATHIGH SCHOOL WEDNES-DAY NIGHT.A Japanese Comic Opra in two actsby Arthur A. Penn, will be producedby the students of Paris High Schoolat the auditorium on Wednesdaynight. The production will be under the capable management of TNIisLeora Wiard. Supervisior of Music.The cast includes about fifty andlias come verv high-class talent.RpvMifopn mnRtp.nl numbers will berendered and they are said to bevery tuneful and catchy.Those who have an interest in ttieschool should attend, as the 'performance promises to be one of meritand will be well worth the price ofadmission.tolKftBAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOL.The Sunday School c the BapturrChurch observed Missionary DaySunday morning. This was a daypet apart by the Sunday School Boardof the Southern Baptist Convention,to be observed by all . the BaptistSchools of the South.The pastor gave the -preachinghour to the Sunday School, and afterthe regular session of the school, aspecial program was given hi the an;ditorium of the church. The programwas a splendid one, and the children received many complimentsfrom the congregation at the close ofthe hour. One marked feature wasthe appearance of several girls andboys representing the different countries of the earth. Among them wasEurope, clothed in mourning, whichbrought home to all vividly the waacross the sea.The Sunday School had agreed-toattempt a hundred dollar gift formissions. When the-services closed107.70 wajTfound in tHe plates.A large congregation as 1n attendance, and.ajoyed the work .ofthe children. " ' ,Taylor, is in the base hospial critically ill from an attack of themumps.Mr. Asa Jewell, of Lexington,and Newt. Rankin, of Carlisle, weieamong the court day visitors heroyesterday. iMrs. Don Schlosser, o Newark,Ohio, who has been the guest of hermother, Mrs. Mayme Parker, will return home to-morrow.Mr. Alvin Thompson has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor, after afew days visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. A. S. Thompson.Mrs Charlton Alexander is withher sister, Mrs. D. L. Moore, at Harrodsburg. Mrs. Moore has been veryill with pneumonia, but is slightlyimproved.Lieutenant O. W. McClure, whohas been visiting his parents, Dr. andMrs. P. L. McClure, at Little Rock,has returned to his post at Cambridge, Mass.Mrs. Henry Gibson, of Winchester, who has been the guest of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Doty, left yesterdayfor a visit with Mrs. Lee Woodford,in, Dayton, O.Mr. E. B. Hedges, who is at aCincinnati Hospital, is recuperatingfrom a second" operation on thethroat and is expected to be able tobe brought home in a short while.Mr. Thomas T. Prichard wasthe guest of his mother, Mrs. J. T.Brown, Sunday. Mr. Prichard is amember of Hosnital Unit No. 40which is in training at Camp Zach-!ary Taylor.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lee Frankand son, Robert Lee Frank, Jr., anddaughter, Miss Hallie -Frank, leftmis wees ior oaranac .uane. Adirondack Mountains, where they wi!lspend the summer months.Misses Martha Talbott, MaryKenney Webber and. Nancy Wilson,accompanied by Miss KatherineMarsh, returned yesterday to Margaret College, at Versailles, afterspending the Easter holidays athome.Miss Lena Mae Jones, of Wincheser, is the attractive guest of MissAgness Turner. Misses Jones andTurner, accompanied by Messrs. DauPeed and Russell Clayton, attendedthe dance give in Winchester, Friday night.Mr. and Mrs. Will Murray, ofAurora, 111., were guests Of Mr. andMrs. Ed Turner Friday and Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Turner entertained fo:their daughter, Miss Juliet Turner,of Hamilton College, and son Capt.Louis Turner, of M. M. I., SaturdayMr. Cornelius "Buddy" James, cfthe U. S. S. Covington, arrived homelast night to spend his furlough withhis mother, Mrs. Mollie JamesHe has five days leave of absence."Buddy" has made three round tfip;across the pond and is now a hardened old Jack Tar.The marriage of Miss CorinneCollins and Mr. Crinch Meinertz willtake place in Cincinnati to-morrow.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiser willaccompany them to Cincinnati forthe wedding. They will leave immediately after the ceremony for anextended journey in the East.Messrs Thos. Prichard and JohnMoran, who are members of theBarrow Hospital Unit at CampZachary Taylor, were at home Sunday on a 48-hour furlough. Theyleturned Sunday night. Both arelooking well and report all the Parisboys at camp in good health andhappy and itching to get started"over there."Miss Catherine Ball entertainedlast night with a dinner party to.compliment Miss Patsy Clark and herattractive guest, Miss Willie Le-Clarke, of Lexington? Miss Ball'sirBix included-.. Misses "Elizabeth-rfirr--tsy Clark, Willie "Lee Clark,Mrs. PJukofty JftrriaonT "John-."Meade, "of "Danville,- VaV 'ForrestKinlay has returned to her home in Georgetownafter' a visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W.James, on Fourth street. She wasaccompanied home by Miss JennieJames!(Other Personals on Page 5.)"CLEAN UP" TDrEEis the time to have new WallPaper put on. It will give usgreat pleasure to show you ourcomplete line of this season'snew paper and v all coverings.Many strikingly new patternsin a wide range of prices.FOR SATURDAY ONLYEnamel Steel Tea Kettle, allfirst quality, in gray ware,each 69c; Pure -white and bluedeep Pudding Pans, 4 quart sizeeach 24 c.THE PAIR.life-I2rmIdctrolaJor .;asterSolos arni anthemsby the world's greatest artists and choirsright in your ownhome!Music tor every occasion;and so easy to" possess aVictrola! Victors and Victrolas $10 to $400. Wearrange terms to suit.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Main .1 ''XS5" """scv'is0mSSiJBSSSsSSSSmBSmcsJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsWNEW'-Vk - YSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYd- vWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryiBihWSfiitoramwirWirmttiWiYou Will Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anAUTOMATIC I3otttehodei$An exclusive'feature with tite'-' v"- Ul CL jb JTrh nfn&f- -r- WTB 10 if- ir . iiiga"" y'IuJESl IpImSr . B HEH ' " ! L . '-6 -f ' rBBUY NAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. If forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which fs apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic.. The watar cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelainand there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods', etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THE X T. HINTON CO:MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGHinuiim ncAicocBOTHERPHONC?! 3e - -SIXTH AND IAIN SJSk.' J . r i. r - 7- - Z-a y - - - - --' -, - ,, "K J .VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.PAGE SIXTUB8DAY, AFK&r i, lilt.fIiOfFWOBGE ASKS AMERICATO, "SPEED-PP. -NEW YORK, April 1. A message from David Lloyd George, PrimeMinister of Greaj; Britain, calling upon the United States to send "American re-enforcements across the Atlantic in the shortest possible space oftime," was read by Lord Leading,British High Commissioner to t-nethe United States, at a dinner giveninhis honor."We are at the crisis of the war,attacked by an immense superiorityof .German troops," said the Premierin his message. "Our army has beenforced to retire. The retirement hasbeen carried out methodically beforethe pressure of the steady successionof fresh German reserves which aresuffering enormous losses.,"The situation is "being fced withsplendid cotfrage and resolution. The,dogged pluck of our troops has forthe moment checked the ceaseless onrush of the enemy, and the Frenchhave now joined in the struggle. Butthis battle, the greatest and mostmomentous in the history of theworld, is only just beginning.ThToue-hout it the French and Britishare buoyed with the knowledge thatthe great republic of the West willneglect no effort which can hasten itstroops and its ships to Europe."In war, time is vital. It is impossible to exaggerate the importanceof getting American re-enforcementsacross the Atlantic in the shortestpossible space of time."The dinner, which was given by theLotos Club in honor of Lord Reading,was .the most largely attended of anyin xthe" history of that organization.After reading the message fromMr. Lloyd George, the British HighCommissioner declared that every nation arrayed against Germany mustmuster all its resources.and the enthusiastic devotion of every citizen if thew.ax. is to be won. That" is the lessonwhich -must be learned, he declared,to achieve victory in the conflict inwhich the principles upon which humanity is based are at stake."It is incalculable," said LordReading, "what the results would beif we were to fail. We cannot fail, because if we did humanity wouldstagger and be crushed. But I do notfor one moment contemplate a possible failure."I speak for my country- when Isay to you that we have no fear; wehave no doubt; we are not shaken inour faith ; we are as resolute as ever.We are determined that, "come whatmay, we will fight on as we are fighting for liberty that which is dearereven than life itself."Together you in America, and weof Great Britain and the Allies cando so much, now that we are together, that no human being, howevergreat his foresight, can in my judgment measure it. I have stood fromthe first moment staggered at the immensity of the problem when strivingto picture to myself what you and wetogether can accomplish you withyour ideals, with: vour crreat traditions of liberty, with your battle ever .for liberty, and for liberty alone; we'wiin our traditions, wixn our past nistory, with our clarified vision, withwv.. uwuu. ut ?U11V. UO JTUUi.43 IW"gether we can work for liberty, fordemocracy. Together we can always.-ii M(W4a,fcp- --Keep the Lamp of Liberty &$$aP'iSsilSif'ifet viXv2Bl l UoV twin YyVuFis IjKsr4-?1J f'j.?'h''3(Plaschke in Louisville Times.)MARION ASKS A MINUTECHRISTIAN COUNTY MAN GIVESOUT MESSAGE TO THEPEOPLE.One Minute Man Says That Way toMake Saving Pleasant Is By Forming War Saving Societies AmongFriends.Professor J. W. Marion, who hascharge of the Thrift Stamp campaignin Christian County, gives to the NewBra this message for the people:I have been drafted as a One. Minute Man to be a Paul Revere as itwere to bring to you a message inthree parts.1.The government needs -the labor,to- materials and transportation whichyou deprive it of by needless spend-manage to maintain the peace of the i ,n- stP competing against your government.That means spending less for thingsworld."Thediners sent a message to President Wilson in which, they said:"We cheer you for your encouragement to the commander and soldiersnow defending the lines of moderncivilization in the greatest battle ofhistory. May the Government atWashington, represented by yourself,spokesman for righteousness, justiceand humanity, lead our cause" tospeedy victory."m m mWHOOPING COUGH.vGive Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.to keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.(adv-april)MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles are -keptin a sanitary man. ner. Our service isprompt.you do not need now.Then loan what you save to the gov:eminent by buying War SavingStamps. The money you pay forstamps will provide supplies and ammunition for our boys in France.2.You will find "going without" mucheasier and much more pleasant whenyour friends join you in saving.The way to do this is to join or toform a War Savings Society amongthe people you work with, play with,eat with, study with or live with.The newspapers will give you further information and the War savingsCommittee will be glad to heapiromyou." -CAN NOT SOME KENTUCKYTOWN BEAT THIS ONE?The town of Benton, Missouri,with a population of 320, has subscribed for $37,000 worth of WarSavings Stamps, through the effortsof Rev. Father J. P. Fitzkam, of St.Dionysius Parish. State DirectdrWade says that if any Americancommunity has made a better record than this he would like to knowof it. .SOCIETY PLAN IS GOODSTATE COMMITTEE ON WAR SAVINGS HOPES TO EXCEEDQljOTA.Every Store, Office and Factory inKentucky Should Organize andPledge Part of PayRoll For ThriftStamps.5fl .?-M. ". !&.3,Enlist as a One Minute Man yourself, every one who, reads this.Take one minute and tell some onewhat I have told you and ask HIMto be a One Minute Man and to passthis message on and on! ,Enlist! All ye good friends andpatrons!WSSLET EVERY MASON BEA SAVER FOR THE WARToMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market'..tfHl flncjUC v- wCuresL preventsThis atoat cUnzeroBKlATIt wWof 11 iMibr efeiuk di-' Yf IllECre rented. niHWrUPPRtoy paUla 2 ort drops oCla the drlakla mm darinr tktettw 4rf.Cmm geaee. Iteirm.xr&iT?a.vLodges of Ken-the Subordinatetucky:The government is offering for saleto the people of the United States during the year 1918 an issue of ThriftStamps and War Savings Certificates,the purpose of which is to raise fundsto assist m financing the war, and torender it possible that every man,woman and child in the nation mty dotheir part in' bringing the war to asuccessful termination. For the purpose of selling these Stamps, WarSavings Societies are being organizedthroughout the State, and in eachcounty there is a Chairman who willbe glad to furnish all necessary information. I desire to urge upon the Masonsof Kentucky the importance of buyingthese Stamps and doing everythingpossible to cause others to buy them.Our country is today facing- the greatest struggle of its existence and it isthe imnfediate duty of every Mason toassist in every way possible. I, therefore, request that this communicationbe read in each erf the SubordinateLodges and that, whereverthese Societies" be organizedLet every -Mason in Kentucky uyWar, Savings Stamps..JL-W. WEATHERS,iiv. Grand Master.War Savings Societies, organized inevery factory, every store, every office,and every place where groups of people assemble to make their living, arerelied upon by the War Savings Corn;mittee for Kentucky, not only to assure-the over-subscription of thisState's share of the $2,000,000,000 issue of War Savings Stamps, but pointout the way to raise money, now andall the time, for the successful prosecution of the war.'In brief, the War Savings Societyplan is this:Employes of any office, store or factory sign a pledge card to save ascertain proportion of their incomes andinvest in Thrift or War SavingsStamps. jWhere the establishment is 'large,separate societies are formed in eachdepartment.The proprietor or manager signs apledge to purchase War SavingsStamps to the full amount allowed bylaw, which "is $1,000 worth, maturityvalue, in the course of the year. Otheremployes sign a pledge to purchase,according to their means, from themaximum amount down to one ThriftStamp, or maybe two, each pay-day,by the office boy.A secretary-treasurer" is thenchosen, whose duty it is to see thatthe Stamps are on hand when pay-daycomes around, and- that the signerspurchase them according to theiragreements.One advantage, from the standpointof the employer, is the extreme "simplicity of the plan. He does not haved "carry" his employes, as is the casewhere bonds are purchased on the installment plan. He has no expensivebookkeeping to install, for the delivery of the Stamp or Stamps each payday is a complete transaction. Whenthe Stamp, is handed out and themoney taken in, his responsibilityends. There is no larger preliminaryinvestment. The employer can sendto the postoffice the day -before payday, vbuy Stamps he knows his em.;ployes are going-to take the next dayj"and get his ' money back practicallyimmediatelj'. The employer is not"stuck' with the bonds his employeshave, in a moment of patriotic fervor,or under compulsion, signed for nd"later found themselves unable' to payfor. - 'Proin the standpoint of tho e.possible, ploye, thenar Savings Society nlanis even moreSvaluable. It inducespeople 'tosave somethings and? put itaway for a rainy day. "The saving!can be-of any amount, but :they nnustbe regular. " " '.; S rrr ,- -E. I. WHEELER SyBIORUG SPECIAL- - - - yA CAR LQADOP RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns. 'We are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every .day. We have not the largesLstore in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you "for thejudge of prices. 'yAlso a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.r- iE. W. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSs - - Ej .- . y - M I : I- iIS KING1 IA great opportunity exists to-day for the investor in oil stock.Never before has ttiere been such a demand for oil. The Government is calling loudly to the-oil operators to speed up work, and as--sistingin getting equipment. It will help win the war.The Columbia Oil & Gas Co.expects to start a drilling campaign this Spring and summer on someof its most valuable leases. Drilling rigs are now being moved toour lease in Lee county, which is located in that marvelously richsection. There is room for 15 or 20 wells on this lease, which"should make the company a rich producer and a very big dividend payer.An opportunity is offered for a short while, to buy the stock at "75 cents a share.Write us at once and we will send you a special letter withfurther information.sS" A"ss"'&t. -A. D. FARLEY & CO.404- Courier-Journal Bids.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.i ' f . " - HVmmmmK'mmmmm9t, Wi4TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1918.rOTE BQURBON NEWS, PARIS, IXpica amjrm. jl ta;??SWKrKitDO YOU SEEET WELL?To be at his best a man must havesound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during" the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof thesev tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear head andgood indigestion.(adv-april)MOTHER! GIVE CHILDJ'STEJJZ OP EIGS'lIF 'TONGUE IS COATEDFROH J?HE BUREAU OP INTERNAL REVENUE.SIfCross. Feverish, Sick, 3ilious.Clean Little Liver andv Bowels.Our Two Black Jacks"SQiELLY HON"ANDitBULL SPEARS"will make the season at our2V miles from Paris on theville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, biffbone, mealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo)Children love this "fruit laxative,"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty the bowels, and thexesult is they become -tightly clogged with waste, liver gets sluggish,stonmch sours, half-sick, feverish.,j breath is bad, system full of cold, hassore throat, stomach-ache or diarrhoea. Listen, mother! See if tongueis coated, then give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of Figs," and in afew hours all the constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food passesout of the system, and you have awell, playful child again.Millions of .mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it Uperfectly harmless: children love it.Mays- ana 1Z never iaiis to act on tne stom -acn, liver ana Doweis.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-up5plainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." Refuse anyother kind with contempt.(adv)tsa s feRumania still maintains a solidplace,You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRanger.fighting front, says Secretary Baker.He ought to know. - .Blue Ribbon SeedsNone Better6 Papers for 25cOnion SetsAs Long as Our Supply Lasts15c a QuartBESTSEED POTATOES5 Different Varieties$2.50 Per BushelBest Eating Potatoes40c a Peck"WE PAYHIGHEST CASH PRICESFOR PRODUCEA beautiful line of Garlands n 41aplay. iComa In and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Busy BeeStoreCash(22mar-4t)JTTsmT'i1 " 1' Mpr. "JreP1-Av pmipnililRMwmmMobilizing a Nation'sFighting StrengthGreat military cities have sprung up all overthe land; and linking these training camps, aviation fields, coast defenses, naval stations and evenmost remote points where our forces are gathering, is the Universal Bell Telephone system linking each with the other and all with the departments at Washington.Upon the declaration of war the Bell systemwas placed unreservedly at the disposal of thegovernment, whoi e already enormous demandsfor telephone Service are continually increasing.Likewise, unprecedented are the service requirements of private business, which necessarily mustbe subordinated in times of emergency.So far as the local service is-ioncerned we &f anot only unable to increase our jevenueby accepting a volume of new business, but we arein the awkward positionof eemurmcesuffer and our present-matrons inconvenienced.The delays and inconveniences due to the congestion are more embarrassing to us than to thepublic.Any, sacrifice we jnaymlke. is accepted cheerfulry and if:oiir difficulties, are, reflected ijuyourtelephone service, we ask that you bear this inmind. , rThe patriotic Americanpublicjn .cooperate-aoflt iivay'withheaging unnecessary use of the telephone.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedIf your income is .taxable and itmust be a modest one to escape taxation.iinder the War Revenue Act ofOctober 3", 1917 don't wait to bnotified that you must pay an incom 3tax. The Government is not required to seek the taxpayer. The taxpayer must seek the Government.The Bureau of Internal Revenue,with the approval of the Secretary ofthe Treasury, has extended the timefor filing income and excess profitsreturns from March 1 to April 1.1918. You may file your return anytime before April 1, but if you waituntil April 2, you are subjectto afine of not less than $20 nor morethan $1,000 and an additional assessment or 50 "per cent, or the amountof. "tax due.Returns are required of every unmarried person man or womanwhose net income for the calenda"year 1917 was $1,000 or more and ofevery married person whose net income was $2,000 or'more.The rate of tax is at least 2 percent, on net 'incomes of unmarriedpersons in excess of $1,000 and onnet incomes of married persons in excess of $2,000. Payment must bomade on or befoie June 15, 1918.The estimated revenue to be collected this year under the War Revenue Act is $2,500,000,000, of which$666,000,000 is in individual incometaxes. Last, year 500,000 personspaid income taxes; this year it is estimated the number will be morethan 6,000,000. If you are one orthem, remember that your doHarsare for the support of the war. Bypromptly filing" your return andpromptly paying your tax you arehelping1 the Government to early victory. Pay your income tax in thesame spirit in which-you boughtyour Liberty bond. The proceeds arcfor the same purpose to make theworld safe for democracy.THE GREAT WAR HAS MADCIGARETTES A.NECESSITY,- , tjws j& &"Our b6ys must have their smokes,Send them cigarettes!" This is afamiliar appeal-now to all of us.Among those most in demand isthe How famous "toasted" cigarette rLUCKY STRIKE. Thousands of thisfavorite brand have been shipped to.France. There is something homelike and friendly to the boys in thesight of the familiar green packageswith the red circle.This homelike, appetizing qualityof the LUCKY STRIKE cigarette islargely due to the fact that the Burley ,tobacco used in making it has beentoasted. "It's toasted" was the "slogan" that made agreat success ofLUCKY STRIKE in less than a year.Now the American Tobacco Co. ismaking 15 million LUCKY STRIKECigarettes a day.A good part of this immense production is making its way across thewater to cheer our boys TK!vS i1- i. 1HB aHHK. iATPUNERAL DIRECTORx Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137,- NIGHT 298Corner-Fifth and PItasant Streets, Paris, KsIThe Bourbon Laundry ID WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWATER POWER USE IT.(Passic, N. J. Herald, Jan: 19, 1918)-Little comfort is to be extractedfrnm the information that hydraulicenergy equivalent to more than twice20,000,000 horsepower is left unharnessed in this country. The information is not even new, so that thpreiterations of the facts work mainlyregrets; and few communities havegreater cause for such regrets thanthe people of this State, whose unused wat,er power could be made tolight every city and run every railroad within its boundaries and turnthe wheels of industry besides. Toogieat abundance of black coal hasmade us careless of the "white coal."in which xwe are equally rich. It Isto be hoped that the lessons of th4ti,me will be deeply enough gravenon public memory to assure the utmost possible development of waterpowers in all parts of the countryand particularly in New Jersey---duringthe next decade. Every disabling law should be repealed andenabling legislation passed as soonas possible. Even a water monopolwould be preferable to water wastethe former could be controlled.A BIT OE nNANCIAL HISTORY.The credit of the United States wasso high and unquestionable that in1900, two -years after the SpanishWar, 2 per cent bonds were offeredat par and oversubscribed. This' is afinancial performance no other nation has ever equated.TTr.?toq Qtatoc A rpr rent bonds in1888 sold as high as- 130 and in1901 brought 139" on the stockThe United States has never defaulted on any of its bonds. Not oneof its stockholders has ever lost aexceptWHAT YOUR QUARTERS WILL DOit you nave an idea that yourquarters won't helD win the war. anddo lots nf RPrvifP wIipti -in voearl "inWas Savings and Thrift Stamps, just'iook over tnis taoie. Tne "littlebonds" are translated into terms ofsoldiers equipment. Here's tibw tlieystack up:1 Thrift Stamp five bullets.1 Warsavmg Stamp one pair ofshoes.1 War Saving Stamp two woolenblurts.1 War Savings Stamp four winterundershirts.1 War Savings Stamp one steelhelmet and $1.14 over.1 War Savings Stamp one sheltertent and part payment on overcoat.Those quarters will do the Government lots of good. And remember,ou are not giving them away, butlending them at 4.27 per cent, inteiest. fe a isaMILITARY MORALS.One of the uses of the proceeds ofthe Libertv Loan that will annealstrongly to the great mass of American people is the care and attentiongiven to the .moral welfare and protection of the American soldiers.Heretofore with the AmericanArmy and even now with some of thearmies of our allies the mora welfare of the soldier was and is a matter largely ignored. In the Germanarmies nrovision is even made forimmorality.It is to the glory of American armsand American national character-thatof the men who wear the Unitedstates uniform a hich standard ofconduct is expected and demanded,and nrovided for. Kipling's "Singlemen in barracks" are not to find theirproto-types in the American Army.General Peshing says there is no'cleaner-living body of men in theworld than the American Army inFrance.ffa IS PTi ?GEMS OF STARDOM-TO SHINE INCAMP TUJ&AT.ttlts.Well known actors and actresses,including such performers os GeorgeM. Cohen, Maude Adams, wnnamPaversham and others, are going tot - . . .do their bit by supplying stunts iorthe soldiers in the army cantonmentsand national guard camps. They aieback of the Smileage plan authorized by the Secretary of War underwhich entertainment of the very bestVinri will he sunDlied in the camps.The government has already built tsixteen theaters in as many arrajcamns. These are fitted with all thesettings, lights and drops necessaryto a professional presentation of real lshows. Here are some of the thingsthe boys are goin to see: iereComes the Bride," a Broadway sue-SatisfactionWitchwordis OurWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris" Kentucky.-;.?Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phonc399.KANE BROS.cent of principal or interest except i .rh tlnK cheaters," "another;LU.1VCU m.those who voluntarily havelosses by selling their bonds in a period of temporary price depression.One hundred cents on the dollar,principal and interest, has the UnitedStates always paid. .Back of the $250,000,000,000 to?300,000,000,000 of our national resources stands the rugged honesty ofk-mn-inn T.ihprtv T.nan Bonds aresafest security in the world.J3 m 1QIMPORTANT N NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS. NTHE NEWS takes every, precautionto see that each subscriber gets hisor her paper regularly every wee.When you do not receive your papfer,do not jump to the conclusion thatyour name has been dropped from Hielist. We do not discontinue papersto subscribers unless there is ampleleason for doing so, and would, infact, prefer to have them give twoweeks notice along that line., Sometimes the failure to receiveTHE NEWS may be due to an errorin this office, for it is very hard tohandle so large a list without makinga few mistakes. Then 'again, it iscr.YioHmKs riiiA to some fault in thei ...stn TTAwnror it TnaV be. Ifyou will drop us a postal card or canover either telephone 124, when yourpaper fails to reach-you, we are always more than glad to send you another copy.'Turn to the Right," "Inside theLines," both popular New Yorkplays; a revival of the familiar oldlight opera the "Mikado," with acast of thirty professionals; lecturesby men fresh from the front, concertsby real musiciar1-. magic and sleightof hand, vaudeville, and the movies,nnt int ordinarv movies, but some ofr the highest-priced films to be had.pi m pwCourage nd Happiness.Duties and burdens often fall heavily upon young shoulders. But comage and happiness in their best forms,come through bearing burdens bravely.1 PSWonderfully Acute Faculties.The keenest hearing is that of thvaudeville artist, who frequently answers the encore before it startsKansas City Star.WAR STAMPS ARE NON-TAXABLEtfli piilr " " 4rProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorney-it-LawROOMS 401-402.FJRST JNAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and Throat:ROQMS40&404.' FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING. -(A4 rPHONI1f.'The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person'you always'assure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thent listen carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her-if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co,iJ. J. VEATCH,DiitriotlHtnager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,2cml Manager.ANDWhen preparing for the issuing otThrift Stamps and War-Savings Certificates, the national administrationvery wisely decided that they shouldnot be subject to any taxes, JFedftrai Sfcate or local. In this respectthey are entirely unique, being free.when almost" everything else of valueis subject to impost.,As the. amount that an individualmay hold is limited to $1,000, thisconcession does not deal unjustly to-nmA ntiaK eofliirlfv hnldfim. It fafiimniv an inducement to the smaljrinvestor to make an. unusual effort Inhis own country's behalf, by depositing as much of his surplus with theGovernment as.possiDie. mwc ,., .buy these little bonds-and all and. principal are payable in 1922,should do it should understand In! neither is it necessary to make menadvance of the coming days of taxa-j tfon of the investments in tfie returnH otni-Ti in Anril tnar. wnaiever ul w wao wi .m wucuw.,ftKtKrltm7m. nil ntmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and' soiledgarments cleaned by us. IJriecost nominal, while the, pleature of wearing old " clothe fiathave the appearance of newji in. j. ,i ,i iconjunction wim rne Know!that you are effecting atyinjg, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings U3.'eHgreatLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCymberlandiFhone 40 Home Phone 169- 2-rtheir earnest savings or surplus derived from economics is convertedinto Thrift 'Stamps a,nd-War Savingscertiflcates''neVdrno't be recorded upon.the'asisiworVblwik. Aa the InteresttCAHAL BROS.They are, a& stated, -abaolulelytrteK and aa they also pay 4 per cent,compound interest, are the. best rfKcurities that one can 'buy fn "tae6itroubled i!ML , : . :tij3RBARIER SHOP ,iprempt and Courteoue AtCourteouePatrem.HOT IHBCOID lATEftV- '- .'A- &t&V"-1-j W-s JJfell?JC.THE BOURBON NETPARISiKY.TUESDAY, APRIL 2, ltlg. iP1GE EIGITtrf&- 'T"rr, j--.-A. -. --5-J!5i"- , -.MniiiMiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiHnnnim"llIIIIMtcr:t THE PARIS CR AND AND ALAMOTuesday, April 2ndJesse L. Lasky PresentsVivianMartin andWednesday, April 3rdJesse L. Lasky PresentsJack PickfordThursday, April 4thMARY GORDENiinINSessue HayakawaIN"FORBIDDEN PATHS"Rathe PresentsPearl White & Antonio Morenoin "THE HOUSE OE HATE"The Serial Supreme. Also last episode of'Vengeance and the Woman':. "THAIS"From the world-famed story by AnatolePrance.I The J. TV Hinton Co.INTOM SAWYERBy Mark Twain.A Paramount Picture.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSAlso the Fourth Episode off"The Retreat of the Germansat the Battle of Arras,!Also a "Luke Comedy andRathe Weekly IVews INo, 21 .Mainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286lTjyBBP1Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with .ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.5aaaaaaa ppHRav .tf 1 1 1 1 ! ! MI 1 1-! fr'I"M'frM-MILLERSBURG- Cadet Rutherford Improves;b1oy1j jMrs. America Butler is able to'le up some. :- Mr. J. H. Holliday, of Falmouth,1is the guest of his niecer"Mrs. James.Ellington. IMr. W. P. Bowles left Wednes-''day for Camp Zachary Taylor, near,-Louisville.Regular Meeting of Amity Lodger,Ko. 40, F. and A. M., at seven-1.thirty this evening.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell was the;- guest of her sister, Mrs. George'- Jeffreys, at Lexington, Friday.-C "Mr an A Afra T? T. Wilson nro" sented on Friday their daughter.Miss Aletha Wilson, a handsome new jautomobile.Tlr n.nd Mrs. "Minimis nnd thrAPchildren, of Dry Ridge, were guestsof their son at- M. M. I., from Saturday until Monday.Mr. Albert Wilson, of Ver.isiiilles was the guest of his brother,!Mrs. R. L. Wilson, and family, fromSaturday until Monday.Mrs. R. C. Borner attended thedistrict meeting of the Ladies's AidSociety of the M. E. Church, South,at Lexington, Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. W. A. Munsing, of Maysville, was the guest of her motherand sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, andMiss Florence Vimont, from Fridayuntil Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Howard, ofLexington, were guests of Mr. W D.Mclntyre and family, Thursday andFriday. They were accompaniedhome by their little nieces, MissesSarah Louise and Martha ElizabethMclntyre, who remained with themuntil after the Easter holidays.Mr. J. C. Lear has repurchasedhis farm, recently sold to Messrs. J.M. Caldwell, A. J. Thaxton vand A.S. Miller. -Mr. W. D. JMcIntyre sold on Friday the property occupied by his sisters, the Misses Mclntyre, to Mr. it.M. Thomason, at private price.-The Easter holidays were observed by the M. C. and M. M. I. Mostof the student bodies visited theirPricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc..mvi'HCome HereThursday and Fridayand Get Foot ComfortIf your feet hurt, if you have corns, bunions, callouses,weak arches, flat foot, weak ankles or other foot trouble,this is good news for you.Dr. Scholi Foot SpecialistWill Be it This Store April 4th and 5thto examine feet, diagnose the trouble, explain the cause,and demonstrate the positive mechanical corrective FR-EEOF ALL CHARGE. He is an expert, having been trainedpersonally by DR. WM.' M. SCHOLL, the recognized footauthority, and he can unfailingly show you how to gainABSOLUTE FOOT COMFORT. Think of that. Think ofknowing you have feet. Let this expert show you that it isnot a dream, but an easily attained reality.Dr. SchoirsFOOT EAZEREases the FeetPRICE $2.50 PER PAIR-Supports the weakened arch,bridges the weight from heel to ballof foot, gives utter comfort.Dr. ScholFsBunion ReducersEach25 CentsDr. ScholiaABSORBO PADS 54M"For Corns, Callouses and Bunions,10c to 25c- Come to thi store Thursday or Friday while theexpert is still here There is no charge whatever" foriliis services. Everybody is welcome. Be sure to come.7 iJmmk IMn is' . iHARRY LINVILLEhomes or friends, from Friday toMonday. -The little folks of the GradedSchools enjoyed a marble hunt in th?paik, Friday afternoon. More thenfive hundred marbles, had been scattered through the park. At the appointed time the children were takenthere by their teachers, and wheathe signal was given everybody gotbusy and the hunt began. The largest number, being found by LeslieLudenburg, and the smallest numberby little Miss Violet Duncan. "The Farmers' Bank is perhapsone of the most progressive of all thebanks in the. small towns in Kentucky. It is always addjng somethinglor the convenience ofbusiness andlooking tothe bst interest of theirdepositors." They have purchased thelatest adding and posting machine,at a considerable cost. The machinewill be ready for business about themiddle of 'April. It posts the books,and with it they can draw off everydepositors' account at the end of eachmonth with little or no trouble. It isperhaps one of the mpst wonderful inventions in bookkeeping. The business of the bank demands this, inasmuch as they have passed the haifmillion mark in deposits.,RELIGIOUS.DEATHS.BRENT.Mrs. Kelly Brent, formerly MissKymie Talbot, of Paris, died at herhome in Kansas City, on Saturday,after a few days' illness. Mrs. Brentwas 58 years of age, and was a sister of Messrs. Hart and W. &. Talbot, of this city, and Dudley Talbot,of California, and Mrs. J. M. Arnold, of Covington. The burial tookplace- in that city yesterday. The indirect cause of Mrs. Brent's death, itis said, was the shocking news ofthe tragic death of her nephew,-Mr.Hart Talbot, Jr., of Los Angeles, Cal.,who came to his death by fallingfrom an oil tank. Mr. Talbot ha Ibeen in the oil business for severalyears, and it is said had become quitewealthy. Mr. Talbot was 35 years ofage, and was a nephew also ofMessrs. T. Hart Talbott and W. G.Talbot, of this city.GOVERNMENT WHITEWASHWe give below the formula for government whitewash. We belie've thisshould be published at least once eachyears to encourage its use on thefarm. This is the season when stables, cellars, fences and other structures should be whitewashed. Paint isunusually expensive, hence the demand for a serviceable whitewashthat can be used as a substitute.Coloring matter may be added if theuser so desires.Take a half bushel of unslackedlime, slack in warm water, cover itduring the process to keep in thesteam; strain the liquid through afine sieve or strainer; add a peck ofsalt previously well dissolved inwarm water; three pounds of groundrice boiled to a thin paste and stirredin boiling hot; half a pound ofpowdered Spanish whiting and apound of glue which has been previously dissolved over a slow fire.Add five gallons of hot water tothe mixture, stir welLtnd let it standfor a few days, covered to keep outthe dirt, strain carefully and applyhot.153 155 feSTOCK, CROP, ETC.A. B. Hancock reports the foalof a colt, full brother to Dominant, byDelhi, out of Dominoes. Dominantseveral years ago won the HopefulStake at Saratoga.i, .. Ka& fSd fQl 'MAY BE WHAT MADE-THE WILDCAT WILD!While running a shifting machineto a mine in the Snow Shoe region inPennsylvania when the thermometerregistered 22 degrees below zero thecrew noticed a wildcat on ttie tracksahead, apparently caught by thehead'. When the locomotive struckthe animal it ran into the woodswith a gurgling cry. On' investigation the pien found the cat's tonguehanging to the rail.The vild cat had come to thespring near by and vevidently steppedinto the water, with the result thaiwhen it was crossing the tracks andstepped on to a frosty rail its footimmediately froze fast. In attempting to lick its foot loose .the cat'stongue .was caught.Rumania, stiir maintains a solidfightingM rent, .say Secretary Baker;Rev. Dr. B. F. Orr, of Paris, thevenerable father of Dr. James Orr.and who for a number of years wadone of the most' popular pastors inthe Louisville Conference, occupiedthe pulpit at the Paris Methdistchurch Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock. A large audience greetedthis beloved minister. Rev. Orr'ssermon was an Easter message andhis subject was "The Christian Hopeof a Future Life." -pa a jeiBIRTHS.In Carlisle, to the wife of Mr.D. M. Curry, formerly of Paris, adaughter.To the wife of Mr. James Toohey,of near Centerville, u son. Mrs.Toohey was formerly Miss GraceNorris, of Chicago.In this city, to the wife of Mr.William Sauer, a son, christenedEugene Pillman Sauer. Mrs. Sauerwas formerly -Miss Tillie Gaper, ofParis. xSex on Plants. .The chief reason for the existenceof sex in plants seems to be the needfor a constant change, a rejuvenatiODand modification of the progenythrough uniting the characters of twoIndividuals into one, 'thus new formsarise.SANTA CLAUS'S WORKSHOP"Long, long ago, when you and Iuere young," says Harriet Ogden in"Santa Claus's Right Bowers" in theApril Red Cross Magazine, "most cfour toys bore the legend 'Made inGermany' stamped upon them. Today this species is almost extinctin fact our girls and boys wont haveanything to do with the few remaining. "But where does Santa make hisheadquarters nowadays?"Well, I've been to his shop andI could take you there, too, any day.It's called 'the Old Men's Toy Shop,'because things- must have a name. Iwent and I saw it with my eyes bigrooms where bearded men bent overlong tables loaded with horses andcamels, and giraffes and hippototami,and furniture for dolls, and littlecarts to wheel round; and I smelt itwith my nose delicious and painty,with a tang of varnish, and veryfaint if you were clever enough tocatch it, the odor of sawdust; and Iheard it with my ears squackingsaws and tapping hammers and thevoices of the old workmen talking toeach other and singing songs. So 1know that it exists."NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.You are hereby notified to boilall water used for 'drinking or domestic purposes, whether it be fromhydrant; cistern, well or spring.This is important, and you will govern yourselves accordingly. 6By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) . Health Officer.NO, BAN ON SALE OP EGGS ANYWHERE.A report has gained prominence inthe past few days that the Food Administration has prohibited the saleof eggs from March 1 to April 30..This is entirely erroneous and without a vestige of truth. Eggs may besold just as before. The only orderthat has been issued by the Food Administration is the one prohibitingthe killing of live hens and pulletsweighing over two pounds from February 23 to April 30.The Administration encouragesthe extension of the poultry business.The only reason for prohibiting theslaughter of hens and pullets duringthe specified time is to obtain alarger crop of eggs, which we needso badly.It has been recently arranged bythe Sugar Division of the Food Administration to take care of the actual requirements of all preserve manufacturers and vegetable cannerswho, will use sugar during the coming season. This applies to the canning and -preserving factories and tothe housewife.As each crop comes and is ready topack, kindly apply to the Food Administrator in your county who willsee that you are allotted the propera,mount of sugar you need.m m ift-Crosa of St. Andrew.The Cross of St. Andrew is whitesatin on blue ground, to represent thecross on which the Scottish patronsaint suffered" martyrdom. It is combined with 'crosses of St George andSt. Patrick in the Union Jack of GreatBritain.gnificent AssortmentofMlJtSSfflr HISHighGradeSHOES, OXFORDS, PUMPSFOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILYAt Prices You Can't Possibly Duplicate Elsewhere.A Fortunate Cash Purchase ofHigh Grade FootwearAgain Spells"Good Fortune" for YouCome in to see fashion'slatest and you will beamazed at the big savings.IS? TX K."l-A",!SSWwa.T" Y" Ir rI l11 9 IIVJ fj in I '? All IuK I&fifecBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and SlippersAT LOWEST PRICES.DAN COHEN,w Where Beauty and Economy-ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreyJzifvaliHe ought to know.;-ybV--Ww-f- i.-.5, W-1 ,Ic.ivIf.