,r19 -Sjj ,. .. i ,'if WV' I:fl .t. . IS..S v. dMr :".HTHE, " N- V VOFV?fc . - .- 2.ns'-1-' !,,; , ,.'..PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.,-3';l.Ill VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JA?UARY 1. 1913pi..4BOURBONNEWTl,?3ywwiTyIf. -JnEXEMPTION BOAIU) EEPOETSNUMBEB OF BELINaUENTSThe Bo'urbon County Board of Exemption. Is issuing a list of the de-IH)INGC OF CITY COUNCIL. ISIT ANY WONDER THEBE IS ENCOURAGING NEWS FROM THESHOBTAGE OF COAL? STATE FUEL ADMINISTRATORWith the last meeting of the CityCouncil held Thursday night, the Tired of the sight of coal, George Mr. Jas. H. Thompson, Chairmanterm of Mayor John T. Hinton, who Farmer, a coal miner of Jenkin3, pt the Bourbon County Fuel Com-' DEATHS..USE DIRECTORY; CALL BY NTHC-BER;-SAVETROUBLE.HASH.linnuents to whom questionairres nas so ably filled the office of Chief Ky., came to Detroit. Seven days mittee, is in receipt of the followingfor the selective draft service have Executive for five terms, came to was the period of time it took the letter from State Fuel Administra-f The funeral ofbeen sent, and no replies received. an end and that worthy official laid train on which he rode to make the tor W. B. Bryan, of Louisville, which aged fourteen, who died at the home other parties over the phone, in-If users of telephones would reflect a monement or could actuallyknaw the trouble they cause by call-Frank Hash, inS or names of subscribers or1-Anyone knowing of the where-1 uown nis omciai cares to nis aucces- xnp. is Hen-expitiuatury:abouts of any of these men will do,J30r "Police Judge E. B. January, andt A short time ago he left the mines LOUISVILLE, KY, Dec. 29, 1917.ipm sl favor., bv notifvine the Ex- retired to private life, though still and boarded the "losers" Pullman. Mr. james a. xnompson, unairman,emotion Board also the men them-' retaining an active interest in every- ne siept on coai at mgnt ana aur- - w,.. j .. . i .,i.3.o thiner nfirtn.iTiiTiP' to thp. snort of tTiA ins: the rJavs counted n. total of 19.- .trans, Jvy.selves ami &vc mc lanet wuomci- o -- - Dear Sir-hiA fmiVkio I city. v6j luaueu. i;ars ui uua-i. vvuiioAll men called for the service,whether they &re in active serviceor not should fill out their question-of his father, Mr. John H. Hash, on stead of consulting the directory andthe Harrod's Creek pike, near North asking by number, they would conMiddletown, Saturday afternoon, of sult the directory and save trouble,a- complication of diseases, took In this connection the managers ofplace Sunday afternoon in the North the local telephone exchanges, Mr.' TVT4rMlaniir-n amnfninr f-ri- T. T T VoatnTi nf T. -- TT IP,o nnTr-nnrrr1ArraC, naii nf -.rMi ' -"-"""w xx ucmcicij. VY1U5 tU LUC v-.wxx, Ui tUC OTaiia XXUUICThe Council went through, the talking to B. J. Sand, director of the fay0r 0f e 26th inst. """ .severe weather the funeral services Telephone Co., and Mr. H. H. Floydregular routine business. A lot on employment bureau at the old Fed- j note what you state with refer- were postponed, and will be held at the Cumberland Telephone Co.,Parrish avenue was purchased from eral building, who got him a job as ence to j-he seriousness of the coal the Baptist church at Shakespeare, ' state that the greatest trouble theirairres and send them in promptly Mr Hal Woodford for $283 for the a coal miner, Farman said:situation in your county, and assure on next Sunday, January 7, conduct-1 operators experience is with partiesto the Exemption Board at their purpose of straightening the avenue. "I counted 340 cars in Benham, you of my very best efforts in en- ed by Rev. Ernest Mangum, pastor"h pad Quarters in the court house. 1 TJie monthly allowance of $20 for Ky.; 248 in Jackson, Ky.; I saw deavoring, to give ou some renet. of the church.Anyone knowing the present address ' gasoline to propel Chief of Police cars in a line three miles long at On account of priority order No. 5,nv whprpahniits of the -mpn should Link's automobile was lopped off, Kevenna, Ky.; 817 in Winchester; "'" felvco .,v , , - -,, w ww , ,get in communication with them atrailroadlation uniforms for members of police and fire departments. Mr. Robt.Lusk was elected patrolman viceGrant Overby, declined. Mr. Geo. B.Minter was unanimously elected! the Covington yards.once and "vilth the local Board.Failure to respond to the ques-tionairres is a grave offense, as ?t-will sub jolt the men to one year'simprisonment and the loss of valuable rights with immediate induc-kion into the military service atexpiration of the year. Quite anumber have so far failed to sendin their questionairres. Quite anumber of men who have not yetreceived their papers have been com-tg to the Board and asking if theiruestionairres has been mailed. Noirony from this source should befelt by any registrant until afterfanuary 10, 1918. If after that datechey have received no questionairrohey should appear before the localloard and have the matter lookedito. IUp the present time more thanwo-tllirds of the questionairresave peen sent out. The list ofosefrom whom no response hadeen teceived, and which was print-id Friday's issue of THE BOUR-SONi NEWS, represened three daysoin&over hy the clerical force of DUiidJng.i Boafd Cards have been mailed r The fij regular meeting of theat to tnev respective j.0""-0' new upuncu at wnicn me new iuyjlling them which class they have ' or judge January, will preside, willWeen placed in, so it is a very short COnyene on Thursday night, Januffime from, the time the questionairre ! ary io.is returned until the registrant li sknows hfa respective class. He maythough still appear for deferredclassification to the District Boardthe Chief protesting, with promise to 5,400 in the Cincinnati and Coving- txP nd by-product plants, both asrexaras suppiy a.uu muvemcui, n.resort to courts. Councilmen Nichols, Merringer and Doyle were appointed a committee to get bids ona combination auto and patrol wagonto be jointly used by Police ChiefLink and Fireman Chief Lancaster.RICE.Mrs. Susan Emily Rice,ton yards; 2,400 in Bellfountaine, R ex7re'mely difficult at t'his sixty-five, wife of Dr. J. J.agedRice,who call for some one by name instead of using the directory andcalling by number. On exchangenow has four of its best operatorson the sick list. Two operators hare'been brought over from Georgetown.time to secure cars for loading. Dean of Westminster College, and ! tu " 1U tut; woriv' ana wmie inerEverything possible is being don3 former President of the Fulton, Mo., are exPeriencea they cannot be sup-O.; 6,300 cars in and outside of Toledo."xne iiot wee uao aeen tuo ixiuou bjn ttiis omce to nave tms oraer re- city council, died at her home inextensive movement of coal over the scinded or cancelled until which tnat city satur(jay after a long uj.lines of the Louisville & Nashville time there is very little likelihood of occj -, Mniio. UIC. AtlliC y CU IUC XJiVJLXiCA Uli posed to know the names of all thesubscribers on the line, hence theyare experiencing: their share ofCouncil agreed to purchase regu-' railroad in several months. It is es- any coal being shipped for domestic Rgv Rjce paqtor 0f the Paris trouble with telephone users whotimated bv railroad men that at least purposes1,200 heavily, loaded cars of fuel I Just received word from Washu . j, :. i insrton that priority order N.o 5 williiu,ve ueeu iiiuveu ijuiu jiuetitn;iJ3 - - . , , j pompeitner ue moameu or uauyeneu m "-at Patio, south of Winchester, toPresbyterian church. Rev. Rice wasat his mother's bedside when theHe was called to Fultonpersist in calling by name. instead otby number.Managers Veatch and Floyd askCity Assessor. Councilmen Veatch,Merringer and Kiser were electedcommittee to take an inventory ofcity property at fire department andthe city rock quarry. The salary ofCity Foreman Mallaney was fixed at$85 per month. Mr. Arthur B.Hancock appeared before the Council and stated that the $46,000 votedat the school bond Issue- electionwas now in bank to the credit ofthe City Treasurer, and asked for anorder transferring the fund to theCity Board of Education, so that themoney might be apportioned amongthe various Paris banks until readyfor the construction of the properTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.The New Independentt House soldPractically all the coal which has our needs can tnen be tn carejust been moved was embargoed by 0f through the dealers regularthe northern railway lines and when source of supply,it was impossible for the other line& Assuring you of my every co-ope-tohandle it, nothing remained to be ration in this time of National emdone but place it on the sidetracks, ergency, I remain,A large amount of the fuel has been Yours 'ver ruJ1 yRYANtaken over by coal merchants in . . . . , :,,,LMnT.reuciai x' lici iiu)iumMvv, -",r..- (iiiriiif in firnui tii u-fan-v-i y r n. cs wthe next day or two. When this several days ago by his mothers se-' 7 "" - .. .a ar,T,ll V,Tro Koo Anno, T fool Olirp hflt riniic Hlnocs STn lofoflc oiro hoan I V1Ce &t itS best, and tO aSSlSt theQlXCfclX llftTt; MX UVUVf .V .- w ---.. aavW.J IHUVUKJi X-VT VAWbCVXAU UUIVrf JXreceived here as to the funeral arrangements.Kentucky, who, being without supply, took advantage of the Fuel Administrations offer on the basis ofa prior billing.JEB IB VQTO-DAY A LEGAL HOLIDAY.By B. J. S.B25 3 121WE THANK YOU.a.t Lexindton, on either an industrial yesterday on its floors 7,020 poundsor agricultural claim. Advice in of tobacco for an average of $28.82.fillin out! the questionairres is given Only two crops were sold, Booth &free by Ihe legal Advisory Board in Ecton, 1,560 pounds, average $24.70,session each day at the court house, and Clarke & Wells, 5,460 pounds.V Following is an additional list average $29.99: The market showed,of."Hche registrants up to date to an increase of from $1.00 to $2.00whom questionairres have been sent, on better grades above ?3U.UU. ine"but from whom no responses have next sale will be held at the Inde-ft)tien received. If any of their friends pendent House to-day, Tuesday, Jan-nr relatives know of their wnere- nary 1." .. u (.M(nfalTr frim-oust tney snouia muucuiawjmnicate with them:Our Sanitary Meat Market has enjoyed one of the most prosperousTo-day, New Year's Day, January years of its existence with the close1, being a legal holiday, th banks of business yesterday. We feel thatand postoffice will be closed all day. through our painstaking in givingThe usual regulations will obtain our customers good goods at livingat the postoffice. The general de- prices and .serving them the best tolivery window will be open iiomrsshad in a sanitary, clean way, we11:30 to 12:30, as will the stamp have been rewarded with an pverand parcel post windows. No bus- flow of business. For this generousiness whatever will be transacted patronage we want to express ourin the registry, money order and appreciation and take this method ofpostal savings departments. There so doing. Again we thank you andwill be no rural delivery, but the invite a continuance of the pleasantcarriers will be on duty at stated relationship between our customersperiods to deliver mail to patrons and ourselves.who call for same. There will be MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATone collection in the afternoon. MARKET. (it)LEONARD.The funeral of Miss Elizabethopertors, to heed this request, whichwill be helpful all around. If JohnSmith's phone number is 41144, callfor that number, and get quick service-,instead of calling the operator.and saying: Please give me Mr.F.Leonard, aged fifty-nine, who died Jonn SmitIlf wh0 liveg on MalmSaturday morning at three o'clock,at . the home of her father, Mr. Jas.street, somewhere- just - beyond thecorner around Eighth street in the-Leonard, near Ruddles Mills,-was. -um1RP Mt. m.,v. RpH frt iiw in .-held at the Church of the Annunci- How in the name of the Almightyation, in this city, at 9:30 o'clock uld a new operator know vrhAtJesse Boughner.John Norman Christopher.Louis RoserWilliam PWell. lAlex Beasly.Rodney Martin Weathers. ,John Jackfon.Russell Moreland. ;Victor MCampbeli rWUHams.Joe Mitchkl. V.Keller T Hough. 'Homer Bedford Taylor.Roy B. Jmart.Philip (Lrmody.Jack CliL .Arthur Mair.CharlesWilliam Curtis.Cash Alridge.CharlBoyd.Geo. . McKenney.jsiJhrt Monroe Holloway.1 feLightnin;Fire, Wind andInsurance. . -Thomas, Wootitcra ac Bryan.f Thomas151 ! WsREW SERIES OE CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.fe fca TaTHE FURNISHINGS ASSURED FORCOLORED ANNEX AT HOSPITAL. Pledges to raise the sum of $900needed to assure the furnishings andequipment for the colored annex tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, were given at a meeting ofthirty-five representative colored Icitizens and members of the Boardof Trustees of the institution, heldin the Superintendent's office of thejhospital Friday. 1Several years ago the sum of $1,685 was raised by the colored people! WE KNOW HOW I.. - -2Si tmWe Express Our Sincere iThanks and Heartyt'Appreciationconnection to make?T 153 aNEW SERIES OF OURISTTVTASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of &Christmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayill our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $?.00 and "naveYnice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.Pa te )mHOUSEBREAKER ARRESTEDp. m yesterday, with services conducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. The burial followed in theParis Catholic Cemetery. The pallbearers were Dr. F. P. Campbell,Thos. Nagle, Paul Hanley, JohnThompson, George Withers andAdam Ramey.Besides her parents, Mr. and MrsJames Leonard, Miss Leonard"!! survived by one brother, Mr. EdwardLeonard, and one sister, Miss MarieLeonard."C? tflWELCH.In Judge McMillan's Court, JohnThe funeral cf Mr. Laurence Wilson, a Millersburg negro, wasWelch, aged eighty-two, who died heid over to the grand jury on aat the home of his daughter, Mrs. charge of breaking into the wareJames Shea, corner of Main and house of Mrs. Neppie Rigdon, at MilFifth streets, in this city, Saturday lersburg, and stealing two cow hides,evening, was held yesterday morn- Wilson, it was alleged, disposed ofing at St. Peter's Church, in Lex- the hides to the junk firm of Munichington. Services were conducted by & Wides, at Paris.Rev. Father William Punch. The Mrs. Ridgon called Chief Linkbody was taken to Lexington on the over the phone and gave a discrip8:15 interurban car from Paris. tion of the man she suspected ofThe pall-bearers were -E. A. Welch, the theft. The officer found WilsoaRichard Welch, James Welch, Allie in Parig and piaced him under ar-Welch, James Shea and Josepn .rai- rest The hides were recovered.mer.Welch suffered a stroke ofVfc IE5--. -I!Mr. Welch suffered aparalysis at the home of his son-in-' REGULAR MEETING OF HEALTHlaw, Mr. Janies.Shea, in this city; jfrD WELFARE LEAGUE.about ten days ago, and never re-gained consciousness. He was' The regular monthly meeting andwell-known in Bourbon, Scott and the first meeting for the New Year,Fayette counties, where he had been of the Bourbon County Health and.engaged in farming for many years. Welfare League, will be held in theMr. Welch is survived by hi3 County Court room, in the courtwidow, Mrs. Mary Welch, four sons, house, at 2:30 p. m., next Thursday,James Welch, Allie Welch, Richard Jan. 3. A full attendance is urged.Welch and E. A. Welch, and on3 ,daughter, Mrs. James Shea.in Lexington, after a long illness otWILSON. kidney trouble, will be held at thefamily home, 330 Walnut street, inLexington, at one o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon, with servicesMrs. Nannie Kerr Wilson, agedseventy-nine, of Millersburg, diedsuddenly last week at the home of &onducted by Rey J McIntyre.her daugnter, Mrs. jouu xmi, m. . , ,., .Georgetown, where sue nan Deeuto our friends and patrons who have so liberally spending the holidays. .Mrs. Wilson was a native of Fay-MASONS ELECT OFFICERS.nAt the annual election of officersliold by the members of Paris LodgeNo. 2, F. & A. M.f at the MasonicTemple, at their reguiai meetis.the following were selected to fillthe chairs for the ensuing terms:Master Dr. J. A. Orr; Senior WardenMr. Peale Collier; Junior Warden Dr. Haymond R. McMillan;Treasurer DrJ M. H. Dailey; Secrel taty M. H. H. Davis; Tyler J.Samuel Martin.At the conclusion of the businessmeeting and election of .officers, themembers of the lodge and visiting-brethren adjourned to the CrosdaleCafe where a bountiful repast, comprising nearly everything obtainable at this season, was served maWft.wccellent style.8 THE JSEWS force returns thanksfe for a generous remembrance on this$ oooMton-from- Mrs. Crisdale and the,V lodKe officials, our aprewaW- -fi bfsnown by the fagthat the trays'. .in. -J . 3 ... 4-- 4-X yv iOI me city auu uuuut wi ic yui- - apose of furnishing the equipment patronized us during the year, and we sincerely trust.. - At. - -,4-.'jn w9t j.1 k . l --. 'wtfk n onnhniiqpa fr f naif rkstTirrkna 2II1HL WC UaVC UlCXllcu a. wuiiuuouwv. w .-- f" v" VSand supplies for the new annex, but : jthis sum was found to be insuflicient. The pledges secured at thejmeeting Friday assures the complo-(5tion of the work. These pledges were jobtained' by the earnest solicitationof some of the best-known and capa-,ble workers among the colored peo- Jpie. 5The new annex for colered' pati-ents with quarters for colored nur3- Jes, will cost $15,000. The workwas begun sometime ago, but thearrival of bad weather held it up.The annex will be devoted to thebenefit of the colored people of thecity and county exclusively.pa isa iftHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.age.We Wish You All A Happy andProsperous New Year!-1w-HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check ' next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)The body, accompanied by thefuneral party, will be brought toParis, following the services at theT-Ttt 'PVio itiformont TtHIl olr nlanAette county, and was the daughter paris Cemetery at 2.45of John and JRachel Kerr. She was palWjearer8 win bethe widow of the late Dr. John M. RobertSt Prank BvLTt0JXt JamesWilson, of Williamstown and is sur- BurkejamegTaylor Judge R Rvived by four daughters, Mrs. Nancy j&nua aQdnarricV of Boston. Mass. : Mrs. JonnHill, of Georgetown; Miss CorinneWilson, of Millersburg, and MissMr Wilder was a member of alarge family of the name, nearly all"of whom have been connected with-Maude Wilson, of Covington, and one railroad Dusiness in various capaci-son, Mr. E. K. Wilson, of Williams-. He wag ft naUve Qf LouisvillQtown. She was a sister of Gen. Johnt had been & regident of Parls forKerr, of Lexington. 'twenty-four years, taking service-Short services were held at the $ ith the Louisville & Naghvine ashome of her son-in-law, Prof. Jon brakeman. By strict attention toL. Hill, 'in Georgetown, conducted by , business he won hig way up from theRevs. J. D. Wallace and F. W. Eber- j aQd previous to his mmeeghardt. The body was taken to Wll-, had bn Qne Qf the beat.liked coni;nn,DnnTi wTirtg iunerai beivco , A ,. T T . -were held at her old home, conduct-! ed by Dr. C. C. Fislier, presiaenL uj.Si, TVTniorcihnri? College. The bur-I. . . .. .1 2 T, "TOial ronoweai Cemetery.in the WilliamstownMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREWILDE2.John C.ductors on the L. & N. His fatherdied about a year ago. Mr. Wilderwas a nephew of Mr. George W.Wilder, yardmaster of the L. & N.,at Paris.He is survived by hi widow, whowas Miss Judie Oldson, of Paris, onbrother, Mr. Abram Wilder, a member of the Louisville police forte; amdI The funeral of Mrj Wilder, aged forty,, who died it one sister, nlso a resident of Loute1 12:45 o'clock Sunday, at his home Yille'. - , ,15wat back entirely eiwy.i1-.ft"!'ZJ54rtfRi-r.vWKBONJ, PARIS, KY.TUESDAYJjkNTTiIRT T, 191S.f w.Sdif- st-y2ei 35 Yiars of -;tWiiwys Publication.bJished Every .Tuesday and- Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT C'rlMP. Editor and 'OwneiAny erroneous reflection upon thewi:iuf, sumuxog or reputation oity person, firm or corporation "whichM&y appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thetitor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay dvertisements, $1.00 perInch for fir time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line. ob issupCards -of thanks, cali3 on, candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-cimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.' IaScL". tV-ffTOf - v jX?A'ir.-j-rr: rsiJ&T "." v. -Z?i.I".0fr.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The New Year of 1918.A new year is here. It is a timemSSaktl g f H 1 1 I 3gfl Is m &Ji M n aes- Sim?V- "for invoice. Business men take an instructions as mechinist's mate. Heinvoice of their stock. Wouldn't it! was just at that timejaking up dube business for you to take 'one of i ties that would mean, if successful-yourself? Life, each life, is a business. Have you gained or lost lastyear? Have you used the talentsthat have been given you so as togain other talents? Is there anyprospect of your being placed overten cities of five cities or one city?Have you declared any dividends inthe" way of loving and helping oth-,ers, and have you added anything tothe capital stock of your character?These are pertinent questions thatpress us all for an answer.As you turn the corner into thenew year, look back a minute overthe road you have been traveling' the .past year. It seemed a long waywhen you started out, but it hasbeen traveled at last. See the lineof that road ever winding on, whiletwisting here and there. Do you remember 'that boggy place into whichyou strayed? How you promisedyourself in your better moments, "I-will turn over a new leaf.' ' Haveyou been true to yourself? If not,once more before you step out intothe pure New Yeai, renew yourpromises to your better natures.Don't stay, but linger near the pleasant outlooks, keep near the bits ofhigh ground where you breathepurer air and can see afar off Heaven's high hills of blue, make themotive pure work for the object. Bediligent in seeking the better waysand in twelve more short months,take another retrospective glanceand.see how much pleased you willv . . .be with vourself, how mucn more ot u""o"w""- "goodness' and genuine worth this efficient" and wasteful. That iswill seem to possess. sufficient reason for the administrate days, weeks and years slip' lion's stigma. And lovers of easeaway like water in a running stream. taken before the romantic flames mTime's sreat clock never loses ,a. an open hearth are asked to usemoment Relentlessly, surely the 'wood or. a more practical coalmoments pass, and our eager hands , "jumbo", heater. The fuel adminisare not able to detain them. We can-' Oration said:not keep back the, flying years, but "The present fuel situation sugwe can and should keep the blessings gest that the grate should be filledthey bring. Hold fast to the les- with coal much less often than in&-. ,pv have taueht. Keep the the past. Itshould be used whenmnrv of theirMoys. Enrich everyday of life with the garnered wealthof the davs behind. The -years pass,but thev leave their treasure withit our hands and heart are open lire may oe mauc fcumuicu.. vu -'AW tiiom. so' as with one hand cite the' fancy rather than theustoe shakf STrewell to the last year,let us stretch out the other hand toLwIcom tos com-- r"ti IITOU find it SO difficulty to keeo- - . . 4. iyouriw Year's resolutioiis, perhapscreetit-HJcmld be a good idea to niake adebated- Sillce the war' trousersjU&W ones this time, for a' change. kave becoe realities to those wo-'For instance, you might resolve tobe cross to your wife (if you have'order that V" m be released fornn pv,rV v ,ww tTip. r aT1a i fighting. In Paris, however, trous-W.U.VS TViJ vurj ... "0 v J VM. , wuuthen give her gentle words and loving kisses instead. You can thus beconsistent with your past record,and possibly be a better man whenanother year rolls around.New Year Resolutions.I will start the New Year rightby subscribing for THE BOURBONNEWShe livliest country paper in!Central Kentucky. .I will get up and dress when thebreakfast bell rings.I will not complain when everythingdoes not suit me.I will treat my wife as politely asthough she was a perfect stranger.I will go out by myself aftener, inorder that my family may enjoy thetranquil and improving pleasure ofa long, uninterrupted evening in thequiet sanctity of a happy home.I will strive to be more thoughtfulfor my own comfort, that others,seeing me happy, may also endeavorto be contented.I will not spend to much moneythis year on the useless frivolitiesof life.I will endeavor to impress uponmy family the duty of greeting, withcheerful voices and laughing faces,the father of a family when he returns home, wearied with the depressing cares and labors of a longbusiness day.I must be more unselfish and takebetter care of myself that I maylong be spared to be the joy and lightof the home which it has pleased anappreciative Providence to bestowupon me.I will pay my church dues this yearif I have to deny myself a new overcoat, and my children have to gowithout shoes. I feel that "we havenot heretofore sufficiently deniedourselves in little luxuries for thesake of maintaining a good appearance at church. "Pa Pa PaHAVE A CHRISTMAS SAVINGACCOUNT.Don't be without somemoney next Christmas.spendingStart aChristmas Saving account NOW.Our new series starts this week.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.- Pa Pa PaA HERO EVERY DAY.' When the United States ship Alcedo was torpedoed in November inthe war zone, George A. Collier, asecond-class fireman of the navy, wason watch in the engine room underly handled, bringing him up anotherstep in the service. The kind ofstuffhe is made of was shown whenjust as soon as the torpedo struckand was followed by an explosion heremained cool and knew exactlywhat to do. Despite the fact thathe was standing in water up to hisknees, the sea having rushed inthrough the rent torn by the tor-pedo, he stopped the main engineand then deliberately raised the safety valve on the main engine by thehand gear. Thus without regard tohis own personal safety and whenin the greatest- danger of goingdown with the ship he stuck to hispost and performed his duties. Hehas been commended for this devo-jtion to duty in a letter written bythe Secretary of the Navy FiremanCollier is a son of W. T. Collier, ofMorringsport, La.Pa Pa Pa ,NEW SERIES O'E CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUR NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. You can .startwith cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANIv. ,pa Pa PaOPEN GRATE EIRE -HELD WASTEFUL.The open grateindicted. It givescoal fire standscheer and com-panionship as well as heat, the fuel.J,'nJnlM(tnn nflmitc 'hilt it IS "lit-only a little heat is needed for a.short time and it should be fed onwaste wood as much as possible,The flickering flames of smallerscorch and the.big roar of too full afireplace.1 j -TROUSERS 30R WOMEN?vvaiwuumju. wtai uuuaei&; JLiiiUttt7;ii wya-mm.. - .... j.ma..hmumi mi x.Srim Question has long been hotly""" ""v u"x"6 "1C" YU11V X11ers for women have more than astrictly utilitarian use.The Paris correspondent 'of Har-,per's Bazar writes, in the Januaryissue: "More and more trousers arebeing worn indoors instead of robesthat cling and cling and cling.Fashioned of the richest of tissuesare these trouser-frocks trousers ofgorgeous metallic stuffs below jack-ets of-soft velvets, trousers of vel-vef below coats rich with embroidor-j ies ana exquisitely filmy mousse-lines. In the salons of Marthe Guthier in the" rue des Capucines, thereis a creation of putty-colored velvetembroidered most decoratively withrose and blue thread the squareChinese coat falling ungirdled withrose and blue thread the squareChinese coat falling ungirdled overembroidered velvet trousers of thestraight variety."FaSPaTEAIMNG AIEPLANE GUNNERS.-sThe great aviation school at Toronto has devised a most ingeniousscheme for training aviators in theuse of the machine gun. Two "apprentice flyers are sent up to fightunder all the conditions of actualwarfare. They make every effortto aim and fire their machine gunsat each other, only in place of bullets, the gun is fitted with cameralens and film. Every pull of thetrigger snaps a picture. If the shotis a "hit" a picture of the "enemy"airplane appears on the film; if- amiss, the film-is blank. By examining the strip of film afterward, itis possible to tell exactly how manyhi each man made and how accurately he was "shooting."Pa Pa paTHE LAPS ORGANIZE.An unusual venture -in representative government was made by a rerent conference of 100 Lapps inNorthern Sweden. These delegatesrepresented the whole nomadic people, and their purpose was to framea unitedz-protest against certain lawsaffecting their reindeer herds. TheLapps rarely have any settled habitation, movins: from nlace to nlaco!. 4.-I-- l- 1 1,J Ct- vwki.M??fAalter tut; ueiub, u-nu. ullcjj. tuimusinto hostile contact with the settledScandinavian farmers. The law ofSweden requires the Lapps to payfine and damages when their reindeer damage crops, and it was tosecure a modification of this statutethat the Lapps held a representativeconference.pa Pa paTHE GRAPE BLIGHT.A disease imported from Americaalmost ruined the grape and wineindustry of Eurdpe, when the grapephylloxera left these ,shores andfastened on the European vines.Only the most heroic measures heldthe pest in check. Now an Italianscientist announces that the phylloxera in Europe has developed beyondany point that it ever reached in itsnative America, going so far as toproduce different species peculiar todifferent varieties of Europeangrapes. Some of these newly developed species are harmless with respect to all but one or two varietiesof grape vine, whereas the originalphylloxera attacked them all aboutequally.pa Pa PCPRISONER DISCOVERS PROCESS.An important new process for extracting petroleum from the enormous banks of oil-bearing shale ofcertain "Western States is indicatedin announcements froni Nevada.Such a process, if successful, wouldhelp greatly in solving the gasolineproblem. The new process, which is3now being tested, was developed bya prisoner ,in the Nevada Stateprison. A special pardon was granted him to give him an opportunityto continue his chemical work.TQ 3 :Does Not Reduce the Price.A pipe has been invented which fillstoIi' ud fast as iho tobacco in. theiwv.l is consumed. Kow Mark Twainwould lu'w iyvi o;iat:d ll:i modernconvenience ! Yfhilo Mr. Clemens wasn your. 2 '"n. it i sn'd. ho contriveda pipe, eui-i sling ut a cin of tobaccoplaced on the floor, lo which a longrubber tube was attached. Then hewould light the whole can and smokein bod. Exchange. ;Who Gets the Kiss?. "Since you worked your"cxaraples sonicely,"' said the pretty teacher, "T,shall give you a lass." "Teacher, Ididn't know there was to be a reward,"responded ibe honest urchin. "It's onlyfair to tell you that my big brother didthem sums." Life. . -'When the Kaise'r pulled the trigger in 1914 he- did not know thekick of the, gun was going o put autocracy out of business. ""' .TMunmigmK -. .Mke to StockholdersSome Paris Kidney Sufferers Get ,, -f ,. 'T.iftlp p-,t nv rww T st,ckholders of the FarmersMAVVAV .wuu va wuiuiuit,There is little sleep, little rest, lit-tie peace for many a sufferer. rromkidney trouble. Life is one continual round of pain. You can't restat jiight where there's kidney backache. You suffer twinges and "stabs"of pain, annoying urinary disorders,lameness and nervousness. You can'tbe comfortable at work with dartingpains and blinding dizzy spells.Neglect these ailments and serioustroubles may follow. Begin usingDoan's Kidney Pills at 'the first signof disorder. Thousands have testi-fled to their meritProof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip-M. Heller, 'proprietor, meatmarket, v 722 Main street, says: "I,have used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beenigreatly benefited. At times my j nv . ,back was weak and lme .and thelMofSCe tO OtOCkDOlderSkidney secretions passed too freely, m, . , T . , ,,makin- me et ud often at nisrht T , The stockholders of the Bourbonma kinb me &et up otten at night. I Agricultural Bank & Trust Co.. ofnave usea a dox oi uoans nicineyjriii ,l incac umeo unu uiey nuvaalways rid me of the complaint. Ithink they are a splendid niedicineand gladly recommend thehi."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-MilburnCo., Manufacturers, Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)- ISi Es s, CORRECT TME E0R EVERYHOME.A New York State electric-lightand power company has devised anew electric clock system by "whichit can supply an electric time service to any of its customers. Aninexpensive electric clock which canbe connected by a flexible cord toany lighting socket is supplied, andall these clocks are automaticallysynchronized with an electric clockat the central station which keepsthem on the" exact time. The householder can thus eliminate the labornf winrHnp- JiTirl RetHno- Tiio n1rMr nndio j.c, ,- f 'is assuredor tne correct time anyhour.E3 Ha paAmongthe most popularfictionis the story about some peopleing more money thanwhat to do with.they -knowT- AT HOMEDR. G. A. HINNENN4 West Seventh Street.Cincinnati. 0.- k--mwuaa5XS3S3B7!MXnr2AM1J2yN.z'AEyl'l'.VFWIwe wilS beIIpatronageA. F.cVlv i ipMfilSlteilffflfMtHHNtNMNfittMtfSittNStOCOItHONtHHUtecmttH&Httucky, will meet at, vra.Paris, Ken-their oankinshouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m.' and 3p. in., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. iaSER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.4-td)The stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Ky., will meetat their banking house on Tuesday,January 8, 1918, between the hoursor 9:00 a. m. and 3:00 p. m., toelect directors for the ensuing year.W. W.. HALEY, President.4-td)-.ParSSf Kentucky," will meet at their!banking house on Monday, January7, 1918, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNJER WOODFORD, Cashier.4-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of -the Depositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.4-td)We have for sale a large number of highly productive, well-l . "f '& J11 oictr6rn nny to four hundred acres,rnjL" j t( in wiuiiani ciiiu aajoimng counties. Good Dikes Jnterurban ser-vice ' to Louisville, excellentI firnn ft-sl rwtM aA .. Z -. Iann rraaerfl Kn.nir ntNotice to Stockholders,Farms For Sale!hav-,;va1. "" every convenience.xju.iu io wen auaLCVl LU UlCilcilU.tj 1 i i nrni n n -rsri T" imim.Aigrass, alfaifa, blue grass,, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlyrrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXOU & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-dz.Cumb. Phonee S5-J and 37-W.(nov!6-tf)i -y7TTr-rTrzrmt .iaVr anA TferAlm w w b k"i&J V.rE desire to extend to our patrons andriends our appreciation forliberal patronage accorded us dosing the-.year fust closed. We Kbpe sir efforts tofurnish first-class merchandise at a minimum cost has been appreceaied'and thatgiven a EiberaS ?hare of oissduring the year of 1911k -WHEELERCHAS. GREEN, Manager .KENTOCiiN-""Wantlld.Small family totk oaarvCounty Exchanga. JftVidow withdaughters preferred. Splendid ofttunity to right p&rtiae. -PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TMLyJ3GRAPH COn ,(Incorporated)(25-4t)Do You Wear Glasses?If so, are you satisfied that tlijrhave been fitted to your eyes 1m Acorrect and proper manner? -Have they given your eyes tharrelief which you expected thtywould?Are your eye muscles followiafftheir natural laws as they should dowith correctly fitted glasses?Would you like my opinion?I will give it to. yoii willinglyFREE OF CHARGE.My system of eyesight testing hano superior.DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,520 Main St., Paris, Ky.Home For SalePiriyateljrOn account of Mf. Napier's passemger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Leximgton, I '&6lrto dispose of my residvnce at thecorner of Main and Second streets, inParis; at private sale IThis is a substantial, brick houss,two-storiep, has six largaj rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches:large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It if a first-classhome and will be a nargain for tapurchaser. It is in trst-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. .NAPIER,(4-tq 128 Main Street.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to tLfollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman,Cosmopolitan. . rGood Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keepisg",either for 2. I will also make-adKvantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review. (MRS. O. P CARTER, JR...- p-arat,JBT. i(oct23-tf) "iJtAAUVkllilUlSLMMJZliaHrjJAT-ZSSi.1 " I AJ.ail IMWIWiB71T iffif A 1 Hfclm. H . 5 Ifl'' 1 w I' S tilli i t 9Hif: i 1t'- 1 1I"' I 9V x iflm Z 1the veryP!I.UrA, 1 '. AMv'll ' I 'Sx pV- J!: ' -ii' -' i: - fer 10.S-A- .-,,-VVTUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1918.t THE BOURBONNEWS, P ARTS, Kly:)XJfiIIuhi1 ni.CATAEBH CANNOT BE CUBEDWith local applications; as theycannot reach the seat of the disease. .Catarrh is a local disease. 'greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.t.0 roforri, xToniri 4Q 0Jiternally and acts through theLn SSiTmJ116?rescribed by ote of SfSrtpiciSfin this country fo7 yeare.It is composed of some of the best;tonics known, combined with some'of the best blood purifiers. Theperfect combination or the ingre-dients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrnal conditions.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Props., Toledo, O.All Druggists," 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for" constipation.(adv-dec)75 1 13bUsed First Sewing Machine.The first woman in America to use asewing machine died at Winsted, inConnecticut, at the age of, eighty-six.She was Miss Elizabeth Kilbourn, whoin the fifties was a teacher in a priTate school at New Hartford. WhenElias Howe was experimenting withhis invention, he asked her to helphim, and so to her fell the honor ofbeing the first to use the new machine.CHAMBERLAINS TABLETSChamberlain's Tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles,biliousness and .constipation, andliave met with much success in. the'treatment of those diseases. People-aho have suffered for years withstomach trouble and have been, un-1able to obtain any permanent relief, GOVERNMENT WANTS TTTTR.TYhave been completely cured by thel mi u m TTFTffTTTr'R'V "RPTnTrr avppcuse of these tablets. Chamberlain's, iV ---W J-Uiii: 1SK1CKLAXEKSTablets are also of great value for;biliousness. - Chronic constipation Imay be permanently cured by takingnhnmbftrlain's Tablets and observ-ing the plain printed directions witheach bottle.ft tt (adv-dec)"ihFlames That Give Off No Heat.A French scientist, who 15 keepingthe details secret, claims he hal in-vented a flame derived from electric- jity that will not give off heat.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHREMEDY. -rr,-. 4. i P !, Vf.Antnnin Tovao . .lliia la uul uuiy uiic ul tuo uiand most efficient medicines fortoughs, colds and croup, but is alsopleasant and safe to take, which isimportant when medicine must begiven to children. Many mothershave given it their unqualified endorsement v (adv-dec)Ha IB 155Green Dye.The juice of the stalk and leaves ofsettles is used to dye woolen stuffs a """ "" , V,., . liomes after spending the Christbrilliant and permanent green. ,snow more than they dislike the in- mag holidays in this city witll Mr.J-1fcTHj, . gl sT" I IMQlKCS iktf-)KQSMdfovrii-o wciRpisrG;'gs.it!!3Wtf&nrTTWPP'Q o honn nf inv I.HERE'S a heap of joyI inatork Of good coal.M ... - IYour sto ve or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coal360 ARTICLES 360 ILLUSTRATIONSBETTERv THANEVERMtft m t bm i n-irff-Tirrfl Ta copyAt Yr NwdiTYMriySHliscriptiH $1.10Srlfor our new free catputar Mechanics Magazht",m-ti. ! yiKiKo-ccirr s IHrrmmC5 -,MAGAZINEBICEAED W ".KNOTT, LOUISVILLEPOST EDITOB, DEAD.Bichar Wilson' Knott, 68, editorand publisher of The LouisvilleEvening Post and of The Home andTnarn aTK ocrriniiitiirai na-n. aaarm ai agricultural paper, diedsuddenly at his home in Louisville oft I ' y S dWIL, Whme suddenly me ill. He died be-e tlie arrival of a. physician.Mr. Knott had been ill for morethan a year, but his condition hadnot been regarded as serious andhis end was entirely unexpected. Hewent home Fridaynight, after at-tending to his duties at hisOulCeland his wife was reading to himwhen the end came. nMr. Knott started his newspapercareer in Louisville with the Cour-Jier-Journal and was employed aseditorial writer when lie took overThe Evening Post. Under his man- eiiry w- Behrman.agement the paper has always been'. -Mr' Hendrick Hudson, of Flem-ja profitable piece of property but urg, has moved to Paris where, . , A"ieity, uut ke kag secure(i a g00d position inihas been famous for the many sides the employ of the Louisville & Nash-of the "nolit1p.nl iVnpo n m'hinii u- -.!- 'of the political fence on which ithas been. In the last few year The , Miss Anna Louise White was ,aPost has been Democratic, but ac- guest of Miss Mildred Wood, in Sheljtively opposed to Governor Stanley, byville, during the holidays, and at-Mr. Knott was born in Frankfort tended the Christmas dance givenj 68 years ago. He married Miss Sen- at that Place!m A fiiimnrp rw c t(t1Wi n. I Miss Mary Lewis Lawson has-rrt oq o j -.- rJvnott, and a daughter, Mrs. Mc-, , , .Ghee Stokes, of Gunnison, Miss.,KlirviVP. Pnnr hrntTiore Tnhn T V. , ., .r? w. l' ana btuart R- also sur-jvive nim-fe feProvost Marslia-l general Crowd ernas notified Governor Stanley thatKentuekv's otiotn. nf th-i onn hrfk--iawers needed bv General Pershinin thirty-five men. Local exemp -examine'.. . , . x,, Questionnaires now being returnedand report as soon as possible onthe number of bricklayers of draftage available for service. Onlywhite bricklayers will be acceptedfor this service. Kentucky's quotawin ho KPnt tn tiio nvintinn cHnnSignal Corps, at Kelley Field, San--..w..w, .v.".3 JQ S3A WHITE CHRISTMAS.A white Christmas surprised Ken- homes after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.tucky, by arriving before daylight ' George Williams Clay, on East SevDecember 2p. It was a pleasant enth street.surprise to the boys who received Miss Cyla Mitchell, of Flemingssleds fo'r Christmas gifts, and to the burg, and Messrs. Thomas Howe,,- tA ,i ., ,mi and Wilbur Gray, of Taylorsville,'f, uuuvemeu, uuc tu LcuiyciaLUie uiythe fUJlile 0f th! manylwho this year find cold weather anexceptional hardship. Perhaps- coldweather is a germicide, and maybeJ a hard winter is for the best takenby and large, despite the fuel short-i,w, , , to-ia tiVac . - vtTvi.T..I'toc 3xau. luc u-ifu. yi.ivo, uu.u .j crci;-one who must supply a home on a'modest income December, 1917, isr.mirino- .n pvantitifr month Rnnhpersons will hope that a good deal- , ,; .-. M1of early cold weather will meanmilder, weather later in the winterana an eany spring. cucn personswere not m a moou to iciimi a wiuie,unristmas xoiioweu uy wtuei x- ,PtionTaly ld fr the seasonQfato TniirnalState Journal.Ea E2 J51-THE JANUARY WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION. Tharp, Berenice Moore ;and Martham, ,r ; . , Coleman, of Mt. Sterling. MissThe lew Year's number of the hit was their hosteSs at a sixWoman's Home Companion is filled 0ciock dinner Friday evening atwith many interesting and stimulat- her iiome.ing articles and stories. Margaret, Among the soldier boys whoDeland, the well known author, has ' have been spending their holidayswritten an. article about the "Three wftn friends and relatiyes in ParisS's," which she says are Sacrifice, are Sergt. Newsum Keller, of CampauhstftntA and Save. "Soldier's All." ' Shelbv. Hattiesburg, Miss., and Pri-the PatHotic Department bein vate Herbert King, fronCamp Zachconducted by Mrs. Richardson, tells ' ary Taylor, at Louisville. Capt. Wm.many interesting thing and gives Collins, Sergt. Allie Detwiler, andmany helpful ideas. The number is ) Privates Raymer Jones and John. , , . . . fl,,rt mua rn,A Stegal, from Camp Zachary Taylor,especially rich in fiction, The Gold- j . Leyy RobertSf from pt.en Block" by Sophie Kerr, finishing Thomas who wereat home at Northin this number. In addition, there Middletown for the holidays, haveare stories by Elizabeth Jordan, I returned to their posts.Ruth Sawyer and other well knownauthors.Grace Margaret Gould's BulletinBoard gives many helpful hints, asdoes the rest of her Fashion Department' The Pin-Money ClubwiUhelp you to earn money, and all theother usual departments are up totheir monthly standard, helping toround out an unusual number.1 1 WsShakespeare and the Bible.Whatever his faults and limitations,Shakespeare will live forever. Dr.George W. Carey has said: "Shakespeare probed the deeps " of humanpossibilities, analyzed the stuff fromwh'ch thoughts are made, turned., thesearchlight of incomparable genius" onthe records of the soul, painted its-deeds on" the canvas of life, and left itnaked and ashamed." Shakespeareand the Bible will survive, after all-our current literature is forgotten.Los Angeles Times.Now the Kaiser is credited with aplan to restore the Czar, who wanted to rush his Cossacks to Berlin.Our own view is that the WiLUeNickie bynd is broken forever.SOCIAL AM) PERSONAL:Comings and Goisvgs of OurPeople Here, There andv " Elsewhere.Dr. H. M. Hamilton has returned from a ,visH to relatives in York--mss Bessie Feeback, of Atlanta,Ga" is a " of ber mother' MrS'Sallie Feeback, of Seventh street.Miss Grace McCord, - of thiscty, spent the holidays with friendsJackson, Ky., returning to-day.Mr. George T. Collins, of Ham-,llton' 01no' as a-guest durmg tneTinHlo-oia ff rolofirca fr fliic fitv flTir?Mfcjcs Afi'Mrpr? T.islo line rpfnrnpf?to her home near Paris after a hol-iday visit to friends and relatives inCincinnati,Mrs .J. W. Bacon has returnedfrom Newport, where she spent theholidays with her mother, Mrs.villereturned to her home m Flemmgs-, - j- .. nt -i.burg, after spending the Christ-holidays with friends and rela-. .tives m tnis city.Mr. and Mrs. Will O'Neill, whohave been guests of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neill, inthis city, have returned to theirhome in Dayton, Ohio.Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigghave returned to their home in Win-JChester, after a holiday visit to Mrs.Hazelrierg's mother. Mrs. C. A.' Daugherty, and family, in this city,l Misses Eleanor Lilly and et-' Phave returned to theirschool duties at Science Hill Acad-emy shelbyvillef after a holidayvisit to frien(js and relatives in this' city-Misses Sarah and Helen Ded-man, who were pleasant guests ofMr. and Mrs. R. B Hutchcraft, onSecond street, during the holidays,have returnedto theirhome in1 W in.uia.uo,.Mrs. L. E. Redmon, of Cincinnati, Miss Delia Harriman, of Marion, O., and Mrs. E. C. Haynes, ofCincinnati, have returned to theirhave returned to their respective&nd Mrg Thomas Mitchell.-Misses Mabel Lyons and Mrs. S.-n,,,, , of T.pvinton andMisses Leah Power and MarieFaulkner, of Ashland, were guests ofhonor at a dinner party given at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulk-Tior vn Smith TTisrh street. Friday,"i - oMr. George Tillett has returnedfrom a visit to uamp &neiDy, at ai-tiesbuTg, Miss., where his brother,Mr. Emmett .Tilleft. is a member ofone 01 tne ivenLuuH.y i;uiujjiiico.J parents. Mr.j&nd Mrg Jameg TiUettf of Henrycounty -re guests at his homeThe following young ladies weretg of Misg Anna Louise Whitefor the Christmas dance in this city-m-Jr vifo-Vif XTtoes Anna KPllP.Friday night: - Miss Anna iJeiieHall, of Maysville; Miss Louise Ter-riii. of Richmond: Miss MiiareaWo'od of shelbyville; Misses Martha(Other Personals on Page 5.)i T3 ISNEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READJBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-aayin our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK."63 IB BTECHNIQUE.The star actor, unable to" restrainhis mirth at the astounding satindecollete" worn "by "his leading womanin the scene where she, a street waif,pleads with him to give her a farthing, that she and her widowed mother may not starve, "turned his backto the audience. So "uncontrollabewere his chuckles that 'his shouldersheaved up and down, and his headshook, and his neck got red, andhis eyes wateied."A master of the acting technique," 'thought the audience. "Howwonderfully he expresses the emotional outburst of grief!" GeorgeJean Nathan in Puck.STOMACH TROUBLE AND CCS-STPATION.Those- who are afflicted withstomach trouble and constipa'tionshould read ihe following: "I hayenever found anything so good forFtomach trouble and constipation asChamberlain's Tablets. I have useflthem off and on now for the pasttwo years. They not only regulatethe action of the bowels but stimu-Jate the liver and keep, one's bodyin a healthy condition." writesMrs. 'Benjamin Hooper, Auburn,1.N. Y.(adv-dec)1 153 ?5l-The Real Thing.It makes a fellow step higher whensome big man says of him: "He is1the smartest man in this town !" Butthat is nothing bylhe side of having alittle chap snuggle up to your side and'whisper softly, "I like you ! You're so'good to me!" Farm Life.HOW TO PREVENT CROUP.,In a child that is subject to attacks of croup, the first indicationof the disease is hoarseness. Give,Chamberlain's -Cough Remedy assoon as the child becomes hoarseand the attack may be warded offand all danger and anxiety avoided.(adv-dec)jSMMyay- i- api t m mtwin orub.v ..619 Main Street, Paris, Ky-I ' X E. M. Wheeler & Co. , jr ' m a ' a ' m a ' a a ' a a a ' a a ' a a a a ' a a ' a a a a v ijfesaIe?5J I AF 'tfaj2 r " . E t ' .MiaiBHBataiiataaHaHaBHitBBaaaHHiHHBaBiaBHnaaBMaaaBaOrce tingsThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.2Telephone No. 4.-"-' r t&X; .iSmri-- -J-Bourbon-&&mk r.wWrV c:i. rcLan. " -rarvi. - jrMmmKiJrs.ar-'v nwWL3t' Wmm&J- - 'saw.Wi -"'i a t: m? -34--?-- jfrt -I gjgI lParis" Kentucky.98MHuWe desire to express our appreciation of your patronage and wish youA.A Happy and Prosperous, New Year For1918vr t, j fjr L'To Our Friends- We desire to extend to you the compliments of the season, and express oursincere wishes for your prosperity for thecoming year, with a continuance of thecordial relations existing between us.-tr J3'm oj xyry o. i, Xi " - a - -Mluinins ana' . i.vv vive ana tfeattm.Biue TranlMig statric.-West 5 StreetSatistactiofl is OifWatchwordWitri,all the latest improvements in laundrv -nTinliunpoa onrl ia-v-rvrti-helpers we are wenaredZA to do work inferior toJ U11C ttUU "iii your--q pctLTUIJclge.Laundry,-fvT918xt' -3 i3)r&k..i -beZ9.Wz,rJior$ m1 wfc -'vc, - 5Mronoe vec?:." ' " m'j ''t ' '. v rnftn,i '4ac-i 'rrX-,v-LZMm-zrimmMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,TUB8DAY, JANUARY 1, 131.page roux-HEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Girls Li War Work.protection of young womanhood of BOARDour country. It can be done by noone bu women, for who knows thavmysterious and sacred thing, theheart of a young girl, with its newimpulses to a fuller life, but thei mothers of the race?I This War Work of the Young Women's Christian Association, the oneorganization in our land 'that hasOFHEALTHIZED.BEORGAN-Our modern industrial revolution,brought about by the substitutionof machine labpr for hand labor,has' profoundly affected the laborworld of women. Where once onlya few thousand were engaged inwage earning occupations outsidecue uume, now mere are auuiuiu. in& that we can bear a part in s0employed in all the industries listed noMe and partiotic aIL enterprise?by our Census Department, except i mA w HARRISON,six or seven. cliairniail of the Kentucky DivisioiOn this account the war foundwomen trained to efficiency in manylines, and our Government recog-The Bourbon County Board ofHealth effected an organization Friday at a meeting hel.d in the office ofthe Bourbon Real Estate Exchange.Mr. Ossian Edwards was electedPresident, and Dr. A. H. Keller Secretary. The full Board is now com-uy For Cashand Save Money. -.. .3 .- 4-T r ytt svflRstVYn vtrhwtrvslthe equipment, the experience and pu&u UJ- "" ,vvu w"o cu.the ideals of deal adequately with ahove, and Ossian Edwards, Charlesthese great problems, is a clear callThe following cashprices offered atMargolcn's this weekto every woman in Kentucky. Shallnot answer it worthily, rejoic-2 Cans Cornforwe2 Cans Tomatoes 'i forof the War Work Council of theYoung Women's Christian Association.nized this from the first. We aretold by the highest authority that amillion girls in this country have already gone into new positions created by the war, multitudes of them ( the court house, at 3 p. m., Mrs Ida j future-moving into new places, away from Withers Harrison will speak to allthe comfort and protection or . who ma.v he intprPKtnri inN. Fithian and Jo. Varden. ThBoard re-elected Dr. A. H. Keller to ,the position of City Health Officer.Dr. Keller has made one of the'best officials the Health Departmenthas ever had. Despite adverse and .White Navy Beansoften malicious criticism he has adhered strictly to his line of duty andhas not hesitated to conflict withpoliticians and busybodys in doinghis duty as he saw it before him.The people of Paris owe him a voteof thanks for his past conduct ofFor Our Girls.Next Wednesday, January 2nd, at office and tbeir united support in thhopie.a mRelief Work being donethe WarJBBEEDERS TO CONSIDER PLANSwe Know now neroiciy tne women Young Women's Christianof Great Britain and France have , tion.xau-en tne places in me great mum- Both the Younsr Men's and thfTFOR RED CROSS.by theAssocia-Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,Chairman of the committee appoint-tion plants made vacant by enlisted Young Women's Associations have ed by the Kentucky Thoroughbredmen, and that much of the ammuni- fallen heir to a few problems con-' Association to solicit funds for thetion used on the Western .front to-jnected with our present crisis that Red Cross issued a call yesterday today has been manufactured by wo- demand all the statesmanship and the members of the committee formen. Women have not yet entered skill to which these associations a meeting to be held in the PhoenixHotel, at Lexington, to-day.Every-Kentucky owner of a thor-into the munition factories in our have access. 'country in such great numbers. The; The morale of the soldier must infirst draft of men did not leave a degree depend upon the morale of ! oughbred mare has been urged by'large vacancies in factory work, but our girls. Mr. Hancock to be present at thisthe second draft will call more or : This work is for th nrnfnnt inn meetine and present his views onthose men to the colors, and, if a)ana- guidance of the girls who visit kow the thoroughbred interests ofthird draft comes, the women and the camps, for those employed there-1 the State shall raise the $300,000girls will have to take up the workn or nearby, for those who have Pledged to the Red Cross,laid down by the men. A great mu-' been called suddenly into industrial I It is understood that the commitnition plant that employes 12,000 j work and for the relief of our tee favors obtaining the money bymen has as yet but fifty girls in its nurses at the front in France. levying a certain amount on eachfactories, but the company recently j Patriotism demands that you hear ! "Hy and mare four years old andinformed the War Work Council of this address. Your daughter or sis- over owned on a certain date. Plansthe Young Women's Christian Asso- ter may be sheltered to-day, but who will be worked out at the meeting tociation that it was planning to build! can speak for to-morrow? -day. Mr. "Hancock is anxious to havedormitories for 400 young women, j No admission, no collection ' the views of all breeders concerningand that it would probably have to Come and learn of conditions(Signed)LOCAL COUNCIL OP DEFENSE.per pound .5 Pounds SugarforLenox Soapper cakeBest High Grade Steel CutCoffee, per pound25c35c17k50c05c25cHHiiniiiiimiHiiminjmnniiiiiiiiiiinitMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketAlwaysThe Cheapest !FRANK & CO.v The Reliable Store4PO1918"imake provision for one thousandjmore in the near future. A big munition plant advertised not long ago,"2,000 Girls Wanted At Once," andAt North Middletown, Friday af-another issued a call for "1,200 Wo- ternoon the North Middletown Woheld andelightfulinterestingprogram ofthe bestmoney.methods of raising theus sa Ramen Employees." Word has come . man's Clubrecently that 1,500 girls are at work meeting. Ain a cartridge factory in the Middle music was given, Miss ElizabethWest, where there are no adequate Andrews, of Lexington, formerly aliving accommodations. The Associa-1 member of the faculty of the North jtion worker there reports that the Middletown College taking part as a jgirls very often sleep three in a bed, soloist. Mrs. Tolliver Young, ofjand that the beds are never empty North Middletown, formerly Missday or night. . , Myrtle Hawkins, of Lexington, 'We are told that in England there ( played the accompaniments in a mostwas not a direct replacement of men ; artistic manner. The program was"by women in the factories until the : made up of the following selections:war was a year old. We may rest i "Life of Mendelssohn !assured that the entrance of our! Miss Allie Dickson ;young womanhood into these muni-. Piano Selections jtion plants in ever increasing num-1 .... Mendelssohn, Wagner, Listz jhers is a matter of a few months. I Miss Elizabeth Andrews jWe may say, broadly and truly, Vocal ithat young women are essential to ; The Evil King Schubertall kinds of production, necessitated Selections from Elijah Jby the war. More than 2,000 have Mr. A. L. Boatrightheeh called to meet the increased' Accompanist Miss Andrews ibusiness of the Federal Departments t Vocalsf WnsTiiTiP-f-nn l.nsf. xceefc n. Iftft.Ar To the Moon "Rrahmscame to Lexington from the Ordi-'The Little Sand Man BrahmsNEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVING CLUB STARTSOur new series of Christmas Savings Accounts starts this week. Startyours to-day and have some cash tospend next Christmas.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANKTRUST COMPANY.151 IS T5lPATRIOTIC, THOUGH AILEN.nance Department there, asking for800 young women to do clericalwork, not only typewriting, but indexing, filing, cataloguing, accounting and statistical work; they also.wanted 300 stenographers immediately:Women and girls are making uni-Miss Elizabeth AndrewsAccompanist Mrs. Tolliver YoungIsaac Eurove, a native of Kief,Russia, who came to Paris fouryears ago to work at his trade asbaker, has set an example in patriotism that could.be well followedby some who vociferously proclaimtheir Americanism.Although Eurove has not yet become a naturalized citizen of thiscountry, lie waived all claims for' exemptions in his questionnaire re, turned to the Bourbon. County Board' of Exemption. Eurove will remain: in America and has announced his'intention to fight for America andI Democracy in the war against op-and militarism. Eurovei made his firstvapplication for citizenship papers at Frankfort last April.By nature and training thrifty, heN j has accumulated a nice bank accountI and property in Paris,and j ?s lsa issCOMMUNIST PROGRAM POSTPONED. The Community Program arrang-A New Year 1918.Let us pray for couragestrength to meet bravely what it mayhave in store for us.Let us not turn aside from anyforms, shoes and all necessary cloth- duty that confrtmta from anyias ior uur &uiuiei& aim sanuia. -isacrifice demanded of us, from any ed for the last night of the Old Yearnewspaper man from Lexington was ' servlce asked of USp j at the Youn& Men's Christian Associ-in Charleston, S. C, a short time ago, j Ution building was reluctantly post-and saw one thousand girls in one ' 'poned by the management on ac-buiiain. making clothing for our, The following organizations will f the severe weather andarmy, who were all compelled to sew at th(sleep in that same building because j week:Annafa eTnnnfncr niiafrs p.milri not.' lueSuay-I TIT.J.J mi TV TJl - J !., nlnn n-i?A if CflOITl fifHnf tfelsewhere. Women are! weuubuay-iue anb MLry uauSuie uOUc ,r. ,:r' give up ine ceieDrauun, as mr. omnu'had charge of the various gymna-Best Matches; boxLenox Soap, barMacaroni, pkg .Best Toilet Soap,x bar.Grand Pa Soap, bar...5c5c5c5c5cCom Flakes, pkg 1 0cSugar Corn, can 15cTomatoes, can 1 5cSoups, per can . . . .' 1 OcBaked Beans, per can 15cBusyBeeCashStoreTo Our PatronsOur Thanks andThe Season'sBest Greetings1918FRANK -C& CO.'''4'-l't"I"'!"I'l'H"I"H"I"H"l"l"H'l'I"H'4'll''l millllllHH-U.I Cross rooms this nrfxro nf mal whioh made it im-possible to properly heat the room.D. C. . The death of Mr. Smith's littleFriday The Baptist church.Saturday D. A. R. 7be found elsewhere, women aremaking food stuffs and utensils for clUD,,, tw or, -ornrtw in th p. Thursday The Methodist church.VAUilUi AUWJ W wiw.ao -r ,camps as laundresses, telephone operators, typewriters and stenographers. Above all, there is a noblearmy of nurses ministering to the The Progressive Culture Club of- as soon as the conditions will permit.sick in our cantonment hospitals, f ers the following program January j P3 151insf sc hp r Cross is servine the 9-nA- If Secretary Lansing doesn't stopwounded and dying on the battle! CATHEDRALSfronts. The problem- of providing Rheims '..... Miss Orrhousing, food, recreation and com- St. Mark Miss Sims,sium events. The Association ae' sires at a later date to entertain thej public in a series of attractive programs of this nature and will do sohe will leave no "original and unpublished documents" for futurewriters of memoirs. ;m te impambnship for these patriotic worK- st. Peters Miss Bacon j pr0Dably one of our knottiest warers has suddenly faced many an un- Church of the Resurrection at problems is to find out how to makeprepared community. j at Petrograd; Cathedral of the a woman believe she looks patrioticA call for help to meet these emer-j Savior at Moscow Miss Wyatt'in last year's clothes.gency conditions has come to the , ! Jafci fe -TounS Women's Christian Acia-; Henty of yam for socks and JVZtion from many quarters. A large sweaters now at Iiss 0wens. The toward solving the ?oal problem.prt or tneir war rumi wu cu goldiers are in urgent need of swftn.t-,be devoted to answering the throng-ers. Call now and get your supplyitLg petitions for the welfare" andj fprotection of these girls, thrust outjinto new and strange work and sur-j Tne paris Federation of Women'sroundings. The Association has al- clubs gratefully acknowledge the asready opened up boarding houses, Sistance of those who contributed.social, centers, bureaus, places fortjjer time and talent to the successrest and recreation; all with experi- of e Nativity Service.eaced .workers in charge, in forty-six different communities, and pany, The Surgical Dressing Rooms willmore are planned. J be open to-day There is a pressingWe have been engaged in cam-'ng for workers. Try to find timeyaigms for Liberty Loans, Y. M. C. to help.A. and Red Cross all splendid andjj-j fornT-tB hnt here is a The Paris Literary Club sets asidework that should have a unique ap-' its regular program-meal to women, because it is for the work.x :.'For Sale.No. 1 Clover Hay.R. F. .COLLIER.Cumberland Phone 540.Home Phone 79.(l-2t)For Sale.for Red CrossSmall grocery; in good location;dojng first-class business; proprietorchanging to other line of business.Call at this office. .We Wish One and All a Happyand ProsperousNEW YEAR&2LImmN starting the New Year we wish you happiness, success andprosperity, and hope whMe you are struggling for these threethat we can count on your business for 1918. We feel wehave done good by you in the past, and with our splendidly equippedestablishment we feel that we can do good by you in the futureYou have but to call on us to be introduced to the best lines of merchandise in the country to-day ones that give our store and YOUthe best service and merchandise obtainable. Well selected mer-chandise fromHart Schaffner & Marx and Kirshbaum in Man'sClothingH. Kuhn & Sons' for BoysKnox, Stetson, Crofutt & Knapp Hatsassure you of the best money and good judgment can buy. Honestmerchandise and honest prices is the aim of this store, and we asand invite a share of your business.Men's Clothes from $12.50 to $35.00Boys' Clothes from $5.00 to $15.00Hats from $2.00 to $7.50-Everything in Furnishings for Men and Boys9VVR. P. WALSHMain and 7thPrice Store Paris, Ky.rV.tivKZfsTUESDAY, J.ANTJ.ARY 1, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.'lFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEMEW YEAB'S GREETINGS..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.toMiss Marie Harber has returnedpromises to foe one of -the most enjoyable dances of -the New Year.Miss .Lillian McMillan, of Versailles, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs-George Determan. 'Mr. and Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon,of Frankfort, were guests duringthe holidays of relatives at Northuer nome in xticnmona atter a mujivisit to friends and relatives in Paris. Mr. and Mrs. John M. WoodSf 0fMr. Prewitt Burd, of Winches- Winchester, were guests Sunday ofter, has accepted a position in con- my whni'a eir tvt t.ho -rttilj lA XTMVWQ avtane ornotiTurthis New Year's Day to its readers. I?!?"011 with the Paris tobacco "- Keal, and Mr. Keal.to its friends and well-wishers, and1 Mrs. Thompson Tarr has asMr. and Mrs. John P. Davis will ., ,.. ., t, -mtto one and all we wish the new year leave .this week for Eustis, Fla., to JS P. Clay and m, Mr. Frankjycuu tue winter wim uoi. ana Mrs. Clay Jr.f of near Louisville.E. F. Clay, who have a winter home Misses Margaret, Clara and Ruthere , -Highland, of Covington, were guests. 17, JseplL Groscne. ot the Lou- auring the holidays of Mr. and Mrs., e iS a patieat at Jos. James, on Parrish Avenue:the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Mr Mr wm. o . mntanthis cit,y suffering from an attack of,speilt the week-end in Louisville as'guests of Mrs. Hinton's sister, Mrs.Keith Snyder, and Mr. Snyder.tonsilitis.Judge and Mrs. Frank McGarvey, who have been guests for several days of Mr. and Mrs. Louis T.Lilleston, have returned ta theirhome in Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and children are the guests ofFayette Park, Lexington.Special Deputy Game Wardensuffering from anthat began at midnight may be oneof happiness and prosperity.Let your- first resolution be if youare not a subscriber, to have yourname, placed on our list, and eachone of the one hundred and fourissues of THE NEWS will come toyou regularly. You couldn't begin1918 in a better way.New Year's is a grand, an inspiring occasion, for it is always saturated with hope. We are wont toscoff and deride it as a day whenmen make good resolutions only tobreak them; when they turn- overnew leaves, as it is called, thencalmly turn them back again. Theywant, they hope to be so much better, and a few of them are so. Theydetermine to advance, and if theyAn Avarice thev slip back. Their -. grippe, has recoveredfailures are many, they are continuous, and they often excite laughter.But it is worthier to determine anddecline, to hope and be disappointed,than not to determine or to hope atall.Therefore, let us welcome theNew Year for what it promises togive, and let's all try to make a better Paris. As in the past, THENEWS will be found trying to do itsshare at all times. We want to becounted on to do anything at anytime that will help to advance thebest interests of Paris and its citizens. A Happy and Prosperous NewYear to one and all! May you livelong and prosper!IS isa mMrs. Wiedemann's parents, Mr. and Texas accompaniedivlls. j. u. jrurceii. at ineir nome mc o i, tttii,. wi, to ." J . ,...-..-.."., . . w - -. -Corporal Paul Brannon has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville, after a visit to 'his,parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. J. BrannoniMr. and Mrs. George Wilsonhave returned from Eagle Pass,by their son,army service at that place.Mrs. McClelland and daughter,HAY WANTEDClover Hay wanted.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(dec28-3t)r?3 fen T.!HAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT,HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over 510,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day. wBOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.' . (It)Tls PaB-4 FIRE' Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsa isTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.One of the strangest things thathas been brought to the attentionof THE NEWS man is the fact thatTheodore P. "Toppy" Nix, of Paris,and President Woodrow Wilson, of"Washington, D. C, were born on thesame day, December 28, 1856."Toppy" says that he appreciates thehonor of having his natal day comeon the same day as the President's,-but he cannot understand how Woodrow got so far ahead of him in therace of life. "Toppy" sent the President a letter of congratulation, andreminded him that in these strenuous times if he needed a good friendhe could rely on him.1 1CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONSattackandofistheout-r,,-u TJT -u 1 -I x. . 1 'rTt lomii'' wuu uas ueen a Paueni-.Miss Martha McClelland and Mrs.at the Massie Memorial Hospital. 1 mi, -mii mf,a.i ,!.- iuub. axih uac iciuiucu .u vaiij.home in Latonia, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Louis Miissinon.The Girls' Dancing Club willgive a New Year's dance at Varden's Hall, on Main street, to-night.The hours will be from eight to two.Music for the dancers will l3e furnished by Johnson's Saxophone Orchestra. Lieutenant Lawrence Lavin, formerly of Paris, who is a member ofthe 208th Ammunition Train, U.S. Army, stationed at Camp Sherman, Chillecothe, Ohio, is in Paris,on a furlough, for a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lavin.One of the largest attended andmost enjoyable dances of the holiday season was that given last Friday evening at the Masonic Templein this city, promoted by Messrs.Ireland 'Bit" Davis and Blair Varden. Music for the occasion wasfurnished by the Garrett SaxophoneOrchestra, and from nine to three inthe morning the dancers wentthrough the mazes to the lilting melody of the orchestra.. The following,y.oung ladies from Paris and fromoutside points participated in thepleasures of the evening:Misses Mary Kenney Webber,Anna Louise White, Catherine Wilson, Anna Wilson, Elizabeth Brown.Dorcas Ussery, Margaret Ardery,Carolyn Roseberry, Martha Fergu-agam.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wright andchildren returned Friday morningafter spending several days with Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Wright, in Bourboncounty."Mr., and Mrs. E. T. Proctor, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball, ofSt. Louis, Mo., and Miss Alfa Ball, ofMillersburg, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. John T. Parker, onWest Third street, in Maysville.Corporal Robert L. Link, Jr.,has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, after a holidayvisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert L. Link,. Sr., in this city.Miss Dorothy Peed, of Millersburg, en route to Birmingham, Ala.,to resume her position in the PublicSchools as a member of the faculty,was' a guest from Saturday to thismorning of Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton. A postcard from Edward Firzpatrick, a former attache of THENEWS mailed at Norfolk, Va., statesthat he has been transferred fromthe U. S. S. "Oklahoma" to the U.S. S. "Mississippi," the crack battleship of the U. S. Navy. EdwardDoty, also of Parisis a shipmate onthe "Mississippi." Fitz states thef-rki1j-t 1tiln Tlrt1 o 1io l"'! ?? TVIO ? qTr .. . , .- . -. , son, Elizabeth Steele, Margaret Fer-ebration on board their ships and all auu' ""au ,, TWr-.Tin, a mprrv time , susuu aim mio. -lvo-luchho ,had a merry time. . Qr Qf paris. Mildred Wo0ds,At the Masonic Temple to-night Shelbyville; Juliet Lee Risque, Midthe younger society set, many of way; Elizabeth Erdman, Lexington;whom will soon return to their t Minnie Ball Moore, Harrodsburg;schools, will gather in the ball room Anna Belle Hall, Maysville; Lenato participate in the annual New' Mae Jones, Winchester; Florence EdYear's Dance promoted by Mr. John' -wards, Versailles; Anna Ware CheM. Stuart. Music will be furnished j nault and Louise Terrell, Richmond;by Vito and Ms celebrated Novelty Bernice Moore, Martha Tharp, ArrisOrchestra, of Nashville, Tennessee. J chiles and Marcella Chiles, Mt. SterThe hours will be from nine to three. ,ling;. Ruth Tinder, Alabama; NellieThe dance will be a subscription Faulkner, Ashland; Martha Coleman,affair, the proceeds to be donated to Mt Sterling.the Soldier's Tobacco Fund. This- (Other Personals on Page 3)An examination for . clerk-carrierto fill a vacancy in the Paris officewill be held at the local postofficeon January 12. Full informationmay be obtained by applying toWilliam Clarke, local Secretary ofthe Civil Service Commission, at theParis postoffice.An examination for clerks with aknowledge of stenography and typewriting will be held on the samedate at the same place. Prospectiveapplicants should write to the Secretary of the Civil Service Commission at Cincinnati, for full perticulars of the requirements andqualifications necessary.A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEWYEAR 1918.We desire to extend tG our friendsand patrons a wish for a happy .andprosperous. New Year. We also arehighly gratified with the results ofa most satisfactory business at ourstores during the past year, justclosed.It shall be our aim during 1918to take care of our trade in a courteous and business-like manner andgive our customers good values fortheir money.We appreciate the liberal patronage accorded us and respectfully aska continuance of the pleasant relationship existing between our customers and ourselves.FBLD' SHOESTORE,JANUARYVICTOR RECORDSOn Sale Now.18408. Wait Till the Cows ComeHome Green McDonough and MixedQuartette. A Sweetheart of My OwnElizabeth Spencer with Mixed Quar-"tette. . .' 10-in., 75c18409. Somewhere in France is theLily Chas. Mart. My Sweetheart isSomewhere in France ElizabethSpencer 10-in., 75c184L1. There's a Green Hill Out inFlanders Alan Turner. Say a Prayerfor the Boys Out T.here PeerlessQuartette ,. . 10-in. , 75c18413. . Long Boy Raymond Halanand Mixed. Quartette. I Don't" Wantto Get Well-Van & Schenck-. 10-in., 75c18414. Hail, Sail, the Gang's AllUS Here Shannon Four. Bring Backthe Kaiser to Me American Quartette 10-in., 75c74503. She Wandered Down theMountain-Side Alma Gluck..: 12rm., $1.50Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Mainf aris, Ky. HjjTWe Are Thankfulsju'iTo show our appreciation to our manyfriends and customers for their patronage during the year of 1917 we,wish" to express our sincerest thanksand hope to have their patronage forthe coming year.We wish one and allProsperous New Year.a Happy and(.HARRY SIMONOne Price To All MAINMAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KYAgent For Munsing Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.To Our FriendsjvNot forgetting the patronage accordedUS during the past year, we, throughgratefulness, extend our best wishes for,.A HappyH-NewtMjL.i.;lYear--.- ?. ..A-h4fr.-:r- ')--.:WW ':-.'?r --.--THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH-."y-!' .Sv'STREETPARIS, KY.$i s'i-UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.FELD'S ' DEPARTMENT STpRE)t'(It)? ' ; -:..'wk'EITHERPMONE" 36iv'W-'S---''-' """"JU3$SOLTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.iTOBBDAY, JAHUARY T, 111yil-'-r1iAIWD CQJTCEkVATIQN CATECHISM. . ' ..1. Why was the TJ. S. Food Administration organized?To provide the needed suppliesjid to prevent the waste of food.Whyis such an organizationnecessary?" Because there is a food shortage inEurope. The people of FinlandRoumania, Serbia, Denmark, Swe-den, and Holland are asking us forfood. We have been helping to feedthe starving nouulation of Belgiumpopulation of Belgiumsince the war began, and our allies,England, France and Italy are calling" upon us for supplies. Food inAmerica must be properly handledIn order that we may be able to sendabroad as much food as possible.3. What is the cause of the food" shortage in Europe? jDuring the three years of war,between 5,000,000 and 6,000,000men have- been killed in battle.These men were drawn from thefarnis and other domestic industries. Inthe armies at the front aremany millions more. Add to these. the thousands at work in munitionsv j . .l xIJ.U.U3, 1UU LU.O JLi&Ul til it I, UliXliy ULa rr,f Airrn fc pfciLO U1UOI, U1UUUVUVC iHllUO UlproductiveEurope--have beenv turned into battle fields. With farms destroyedand farmers, cattle raisers and millers taken from their daily pursuitsto fight for life and liberty, thefood shortage is a natural result.4. Is it a fact that the people ofEurone are dvins of starvation?Yes. In Belgium where weubeen able to help the most,death rate has gone up everfivetimes the rate in midsummer. Thelittle children and the old people4tre dying off rapidly. It is the samein the other countries that have beendevastated by war.armies suck out thefnnH smrnlv.The OCCUpyingoccupyinglife blood, the5. How can we help these starv -ing people?If children dying of starvationffnT, m,f oir Trmr TmTifls fnrthe food you are eating, you wouldnot hesitate, you would give it all,t once. The Food. Administration jdoes not ask you to do this. It doesnot ask you to sacrifice yourself, but'iPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT greatest fat wasters in the world.Will cure Kind, Bletdfarand Itching .Piles.. In 1916 the fat consumption perI2rInt0n,Plta in the United States, wasFor sale, by an , druggists, mail 50$, andll.00. 125 pounds, which is more thanWILLIAV.S MFG.C0- Prs.,Creve!omI, OhioOWfeRDORFER, The Druggist.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company11'-..,To-day, Jan. 1sti4KtsThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.simplyTo see thit all waste is stop-I ped, that every particle of food ismade the most of, in order that theremay he a largerabroad.' 6. How maysurplus to sendAbe pre-wastevented?Iiua large way, by the U. S. Food', Administration, whocontrol themovement of cps, watching thesPcula'tors in tne markets, and thelarge handlers of food products. ,In a sma11 way by every lndivid"ual wl10 sees that no waste is2er-miuea in me iutcnen, tne garoagepile, the shops, or on the farm.7. What is the best food to sendabroad?The foods that keep well, andwhite flour. Perishable foods shouldbe consumed at home.Eat fish and other sea food,try and rabbits, instead ofpoul-,beef,mutton and pork. Fish, cliicken,etc., cannot be shipped in compactform like meat, and are more perishable. Do not use either beef,mutton or pork more than once aday. Keep them to send abroad.Have one meatless day a week onTuesday, and one whealless day onWednesday, and maddition makeoa,Lurua,y a. uuiis.ies& ua,y....'8. Why should we eat less wneatr jEurope is suffering for wheat.We have already sent them thesurplus of the 1917 harvest. It isfar from enough. We are powerlessto relieve all the suffering, but wecan send what we are willing tosave -from our own tables. See thatno wneat is wasiea. Jtiave at least.. aA1 a 3nw rtTtMi4 tvT r -T-nrto rl (Use instead corn, oat, barley or)mixed cereal breads. Eat less caketand pastry.y- a noL seuu tue bUlinua U4our corn cro? to Europe?We """' &euu mem uum ucauoothey have not enough mills to grindit and are not familiar with its use, as food- Even if they kew how touse corn meal Jt is not suitable for' shipment because it is so liable tospoiling. The oats, rye, barley, etc.,that we send them will not supportthem unless mixed with wheat.We must send them more wheat,and to do this, we must eat lesswheat bread. n10. What is needed besidesjmeat and wheat? Ai Fats and sugar.The American people are thetnree times xne amount proviaea oythe Standard Balance Ration, andTHE(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYr"-7fitNext Salej ..-'x::-seven" times what the war rationailows the German people.' Fatsare useful in many ways in the pro-ductiqn of munitions and ,otherthings needed to win the war. Wemust stop wasting fats, when oursoldiers and sailors and our fightingassociates need them so desperately.Use nb butter in cooking. Cookwith olive or cottonseed oils instead.Save lard by frying in vegetable fator oil.Tl'y to use a11 left-over fats incooking, but if there is some youctumoi use, save u, careiimy, maxescrubbing soap out of it, or sell it tothe soap maker.' 11. Why is there a sugar shortage? .Before the war, France, Italy andBelgium raised all their own sugar.Great Britain bought sugar from.Germany.Now France, Italy ahd Belgiumcannot raise much sugar becausetheir men are fighting, and GreatBritian cannot buy sugar where sheused to buy it.All must now get sugar where weget it, and there is not enough togo'around unless we save.Save your cake and candy for thefcttuviuB uimuicn ctuiuau...J. J "U1.3 V..-5Eat half as much sweets as before and you still eat more than theEnglishman or Frenchman or Italian or Belgian gets.Use honey, maple pyrup, cornI syrup and sorghum instead of sugar.12. What does the Food Administration ask in order that we maysave the food needed to send toEurope?One wheatless day each week andwheatless meal each day; the wheatless day to be Wednesday. Bywheatless we mean tov(-.at no wheatproducts.One meatless day each week,which shall be Tuesday, and onemeatless meal each day. By meatless we mean to eat no red meatbeef, pork, mutton, veal, lamb; nopreserved meat beef, bacon, ham orlard. ' ,One porkless day each week inaddition to Tuesday, which shall beSaturday. By porkless we. mean nofresh or salted pork, bacon, lard orham.The answer of the patriots, bethey men or women, to. this request01 xne -ooa Aammisirauon is " ;simple, "We will." Consider the sac- jrifices it entails for' us comparedwitn tne saennces -mat ,may oeicorpS ,a man can aimmade in our behalf by he boys' who brance of the service,enlist in our Namonal Armies. Ibe.Ai-r ,.i "'!&! T;This very curious, question is givena logical interpretation in the Januuary issue of Good Housekeeping.,To quote: X"The question is about as easy to',answer as "thaj- old conumdrum,'How old is Ann?' But, as a i matterof fact, the best answer would bethat fashions are always changing,and it is the subtile, little changethat comes between seasons that fre-,quently gives the note of the moreradical change that comes with theturn of the season ;be it spring or-autumn. just now the winterfashions are at ther height."One is struck by two things.First, the simplicity that marks theireally well-dressed woman, and second, the lavish use of fur. Logically!enough, there is a war-time feeling'that we should be moderate in dress,and this moderation is to be noticed but, owing to the cold in' Paris,furs have been employed for thereason for which they were origin-'ally intended, warmth. And we here 'ha've followed this f ashionr not alonefor its warmth, but for itsbeauty: !Castor and. nutria are worn morethan any other fur, and are universally becoming."Tne article is concluded, witn anumber of very practical- illustrations and suggestions.fe 3 3ITALY IN THE AIR.In spite of distractions along the jnorthern front, Italy is maintaining!supremacy in new air developments."One of her pilots recently completed!a significant record-breaking flight twhen he flew with a passenger fromjRome to London without a stop. Thedistance, was 656 miles, and it wasmade in a little more than sevenhours. The Italian Caproni machinesare becomingwell-known 4n theUnited States, as a result of the New IYork - Washington flights. TheRome-to-London passage was notmade in a Caproni, but an Aila. --S ?E3 JOLIVE THOMAS TO VISIT NEWYOKK.Olive Thomas, who is working on"Limousine Life," her latest Trian-gle picture, is planning an Easternvacation. Miss Thomas left for..New York on December 17, and spent ,Christmas with her mother in Pitts-'vuShe was accompanied by herhusband Jack.Ptckford.fd M JciQuite aside from theaviationhighjn anyWHEN DOASHIONS CHANGE?,i MjAKmmjMmjyjmm,I The Bourbon I II 7 E Ij , Is Hl! Tobacco Waremouse Co.! Ix-- ; 1 (Incorporated) ' K A H' : ! - '. : ! -o V'lLeads in Averages Obtained!! Ij 1 j . - wiy- I' : j I Total Sales to Date 629,500 Pounds I I:, j For . N . . . . .$183,016.47 I Iv . j - ; Average ." $29.07 - INext Sale at Bourbon House 11 TO-DAY JAIN0AP 1 IK I KB mm. a- - . I mU --V' 1 - ' ; . - I 9 "A. M. E .a Boa r bo n Tobacco Ware bouse Co.l1 c . -dncorpomtea.) - "- -H I fCwiit Bros. Department StareStvntt Hd mm $t$. Pari, KrtvBigCleaQNCoats, MillineryDresses, ;' Waists, EXc.Everything must go- From 20to 50 per cent reduction on everyarticle. -Also a Large Assortment ofFurs in This Offering.Twin BrosSeventh and MainG. W. DAVISfuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 9$3Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking; .Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great 'expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning; electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia etci, always ready for service. DAY, OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident pecurs. vSale- NDept. StoreParis, Kentuckysi(Incorporated.)PARS9; KENTUCKY' I . ' J. T. COLLINS,' Manager, Re! MMTT , . J , - , m mr i TSS'JUDDDnBH;"-"--- " - ''-' IM'TF- - V- mH r f" y 'jjfaVt.''''"'?""', - vy vr1$. 't' .&r 'S- rz v':s&!?H ,.k.N., TUESDAYJANUARY 1, 1918.S.i JwSfcv.XHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. N ' - s :V - - ' PAGE SEYiaTe-W)tsIYou Don't Have toStoopIf '.YoiTUse aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlalay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated).P fci K CHS! Jwi&'&'VrV ? '-ll'v sMmkA Legally &LSEEE 1METhink of it.Mr.Farmer.here's a remedy for hoc cholera &- $&mthat is sold under a Lecral Gncranteo Bcadi- How wfc ua'iSljcan you afford to take chances ayainst hojr cbolcta CfeRaUrn'rHIMiwwjfmwhen yvn can eret this remedy on sucn terms? iaEJCfciSL ClBourbon Bog GhcEGa Rcmoris' 'asxssmsEstasiase.5b the only remedy ever pnt up that Is guaranteed to enre and prevront hoccholora. SIt does the work better than any other known ivmody. or 1 1 would not Ikj uold ou tjeach a strong euaran tee. Quart, SL50, Gralloa ?5.(W. At All Drursriote. hsB,OURBON RHMKDY COMPANY. LKu'neton. ICy.(tm feb. 11A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2J ' M rm? EllliAx WB "af AIBE WHW I IMjf7 MIL JfM Mrm ''. iMobilizing a Nation'sFighting StrengthGreat military cities have sprung up all over 'the land; and linking these training camps, aviation fields, coast defenses, naval stations and evenmost remote points where our forces are gathering, is the Universal 'Bell Telephone system linking each with the other and all with the denart-ments at Washington. ;Upon the declaration of war the Bell systemwas placed unreservedly at the disposal of thegovernment, whose already enormous demandsfdr telephone service are continually increasing;Likewise, unprecedented are the service requirements of private business, which necessarily mustbe subordinated in times of emergency.So far asthe local service is concerned we arenot only unable to increase, our revenue by ac' cepting a volume of new business, but we are ,in the awkward position of seeing our servicesuffer and our present patrons inconvenienced.The delays and inconveniences due to the conges-tion are more embarrassing to" us than to thepublic. , . "Any sacrifice we may make is accepted cheervfully and if our difficulties arereflected.m yourtelephone service, we ask that you bear this inmind. v.'Trip, patriotic American public can co-operate.-nostj, effectively with'the government by discourIaging unnecessary useCUMBERLAND TELEPHONE,AND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedlf x ,' , 'AIRPLANE BULLETS.The fighting airplane is equippedwith, a greater variety of bulletsthan any other single fighting machine used in war. There are four.principal types supplied to thestandard German fighting plane.They are the ordinary bullet, in, tended to target on the enemyj pilot, a special perforating bullettwith hardened casting, to penetratemetal parts, an explosive bullet towreck the power plant, and an incendiary bullet which will explodethe petrol tank if properly placed.Professional Cards.WMU GRANNAINAttarneyatLawROOMS, 401402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.Brooms 403-404.first nat'l bank building.PHONE 136. .CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toHOT AND COLD BATHS."-1' "'" titm "11may both derive - satisfactionby haying their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is'noninal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us..or xne ujieyuvncrow.. JMEETING TOET THOS. 'MOORExMrs. E. "M. Ward in Her ReminiscencesRelates First Opportunity to GainHis Acquaintance.The poet, Thomas Moore, was aI roost lovable character, and so kind,declares Mrs. B. M.- Moore In her"Reminiscences," that he was neverknown to speak harshly about anyone.She tells the story of their first meeting, at the time when her fathers-waspainting the poet's portrait and whenshe was a very small girl.Mr. Moore lived some distance fromFitzroj square, says -the author, andit was doubtful whether he could walkas far as our house. v-TJ?at was vervdisappointing tome, for 'my parent0'frequent allusion to the poet had increased my anxiety- to see him. Butat last the long-desired opportunitycame. One day, when I was playingin the square, I suddenly saw thequeerest of little men in tlio. queerestof rough beaver hats on a very bighead. Instinct told me that this mustbo Thomas Moore coming to pay thelong-de.sired visit, and I rushed indoorsand informed my parents.Of course I was ridiculed. Since Ihad never seen the poet, how did Iknow-it was he? Besides, he wasmuch too decrepit to walk so far. Itwas absurd, preposterous! Then thefront doorbell rang. Moore was announce3, and it was my turn to laugh.I can see him now as n appearedto me then, a stout littte -man dressedin a tail coat, with a high collar. Hehad a fascinatingly clever and shrewdly kin 1 face, the face that cheers men'sJives and frightens no one.Before he was in the,house manyminutes he had me seated on-his knee."What is my name?" he inquire."Tell me, my dear, do you know whoI am,?""You are Tommy-Moore," I saidwith a laugh; "little Tommy Moore,"and then k catching the look of horroron my mother's face, I grew suddenlygrave, and said with great decprum,"Mr. Moore."The sudden change in niy mannerdispleased the poet, and he said quietly: "Try again, girlie; try again!"Upon which I cried out with greatglee:"Little Tommy Moore ! ' Little Tom-mxr TVTnnTQ !"rnrt w'e ,iiinfa or, -.vionrf-ship that, had come within an ace ofdissolution was forthwith permanentlyrenewed.HAS BIBLE PRINTED IN 1620St. Paul Woman Possesses Relic Yellowand Wormeaten, Which Has BeenCarried Through Many Wars.A Bible prjnted in 1G20, the year thePilgrims landed in America, is in thepossession of Mrs. May L Abbott ofSt. "Paul. It is worn and bent, frombeing carried for many years in a soldier's knapsack, as well as yellowed'and wormeaten from the passagethrough nearly three centuries. Thebook was purchased by Mrst Abbott'shusband, the late William L. Abbott."Printed af London by Bonham Norton and John Bill, Prints to theKing's Most Excellent Majesty, AnnoDomini 1620," is the announcement thetitle page carries, and the excellentworkmanship of the volume proves theability of its early producers.The Bible, Mrs. Abbott says, couldtell interesting tales if it had the giftof speech. It was carried through thepeninsular campaign in Spain, at thei battle of Waterloo, at the battle ofNew Orleans, and at earlier battles inthis country by Sergt. William Kay ofNottingham, England. " Inserted in itspages are sheets bearing -a recom-I mendation of Sergeant Kay for a pension.He gave it in -1870 to WilliamHolmes of St. Paul, who was its owner until its sale to Mr. Abbott.Shelters in the .Stone Age.An Arab tribe in Palestine still occupy the mountain caves, and' a tribeof cliff dwellers has been recentlyound in Mexico, writes a correspondent. ""The conical hut of the reindeerepoch, built of branches and twigs,succeeded the cave. Themain prop ofthese earlier huts whs a tree, around'which branches were fastened, thespaces between the twigs being lledlup with rushes, tur.f, gras? and clay."Man was then able to cut wood withstone axes, to combine various elements for his protection and defense,and to become a more powerful aggres-Ksor in the animal kingdom. It was astep, and but a step, in advance.Then followed the third and lastperiod of the srone age, representedby the cavernous dwellings constructed of gigantic monolithic stone, randroofed over with the rough branchesand trunks of trees. - vThe famous dolmens, cromlechs andsimilar gigantic structures of stone,hitherto supposed to be the work ofthe Druids, are now believed to be theremains of the neolithic age.Wirelesls Intuition. xThe dictionary -says hunch, a wordof Teutonic origin, means to push.suddenly, to jog or shove, a with theelbow. Hence, a hunch is a suddenknowledge that pushes one into a decision or an action, in short,, a forewarning. It is intuition, hut of a special kind; one may have intuitiveknowledge that could not be called?i i- i. .1. --- ,. A-u. uuueu uecuuse it iroes not move tosudden and decisive action. Confidence in. intuition- needs no.tustifica-rtipn; perhaps then, the1 following ornuncnes, or wireiesrinruiuonr u rneterm is permissible, shouldiot be- con?Porcelain, Fesilicr, Fur Money.Poj-i . money K u-ed in Burnuiand Si; . Mid ftathor money, m:i3ufaulu'td "4'f" 1 the short rod leathersfrom beneath the wings of "a speciesof parrot, is the ordinary currency ofthe. Santa Cruz islanders. The Loyaltyi islands, which lie in the Pacific to theeast of Australia, are famous for theirfur money. The fur, which is talienfrom behind the ears of the so-called"flying fox," in reality a large fruiteating bat, is woven into cords of various lengths, and theses-constitute theordinaiy currency o the islanders.Acids Endanger Ships.Shipmasters dislike carrying drumsof acid where they cannot be reached 1readily. A Chilean ship, the Japan Advertiser says, recently put in at theFalkland islands leaking badly. Tier'ai!go was made up of drums of acidand chalk. The acid had leaked fromtht- drums and mixed with -the chalk,forming' carbonic acid gas in the hold.This gas is deadly and the crew couHlnotnake repairs. "Meantime the acidhad gathered at the bottom of the holdand qaten away the iron frames of theship. . tTeach Feet to Point Straight.The human foot is wonderful in itsformation; the 2G bones and intricatearrangement of muscles make it susceptible of a high degree of training,as one observes in fancy skating andballet dancing. But it is sadly hampered in its practical activity by being encased in leather and having tolsupport the weight of as well as topropel the body forward. To overcome this "as far as possible we shouldlearn to walk wiMi the feet pointingpractically straight.To Renew Linoleum.When linoleum becomes worn, polishit witii prepared liquid wax. Dampenan old piece of woolen underwear witha tablespoonful of the wax and rubthe linoleum with it as if you werescrubbing the floor. Polish with a drywoolen NCloth until it shines. This renews the faded colors. After the lirstcoat of wax, the Hnoleum may be polished daily with a waxed cloth fastened to a mop handle, thus saving thehousekeeper from scrubbing the floors.0ne of the strangest things inj his worldT.iS W mUC? Cheaper ut:lci wcus wiieu me ruaus were so uuuthe farmers couldn't come to town.R3 fS 3French Deputy is of the opinion,the final battle will be fought inthe air. Think is very likely. That'swhere Germany's peace Herms are.Master's SaleOPParis City Property !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.J. T. HINTON PlaintiffVs. Notice of -Sale.ALLEN HARRIS Defendant.Under and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November term, 1917, of theBourbon Circuit Court in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onMonday, January 7, 1918,at the front door of the court house,in Paris, Ky., about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: (A certain lot of ground with atwo-story frame house thereon situated in Paris,r Ky., fronting 40feet on Pearl Sfroet and extendingback tovard the Georgetown pikethe 'same width as in front, 139feet, and is the upper half of the lotconveyed by Allan Bashford and wifeto Jacob Lloyd and Daniel Mark, bydeed of record in Deed Book 55,page 127, Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, the interest of said Mark having been conveyed to said Lloyd byfdeed recorded in Deed Book 56, page301, same office, and is the- same'property conveyed by Jacob Lloydand Sarah Lloyd, his wife, to BettieLloyd (now Josie Pennington) bydeed recorded in. the Bourbon CountyClerk's office, Deed Book 70, page177, and is the same property conveyed tos the 'first parties by JosiePennington and J. D. Pennington,her husband, Ay deed recorded ' insame oflQce in" Deed Book' ,page . 'Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute two bonds withgood surety to be upprovedlby theCommissioner, for equal parts of thepurchase money, due six and twelvemonths from elate or saie ana Dearing interest at the rate of six percent, from date of sale until paid,said 'honds to have xhe force andeffect of judgments, with a lierr retained upon the property to securenavment of same. Tne purcnaserwVi n?ve Inf. pnL"S51 ;t,,HfVof? at m,b'fo0Je ma;turity ofwill have the privilege of payingL'UUUS ctllU OHJ iui-wv,ui..Said sale is made for the purposeof (satisfying the lien indebtednessof !the Peoples "Building & Loan Association in the sum of $546.70, subject to a credit of $57.86, and alsothe lien indebtedness or . x. nm-' i ciim nf S210U5.. togetherw . ,--- w , ..,with interest at six pefr cent, fromMaVch, 1916, the total debt, interestand costs being estimated as of theday of salejat-' dollars.O. T. HINTON,' N , - M. C. B. C. C.m1 ANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyIfl "2,&a&To Havci the Advantage oifemmBring your ol tires to us andhave your work done by an expertS who has had years of experience. building tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re- Treading and.VuJcanizingof AH KindsC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .9yIGREETINGSxTo our patrons and the "public of Paris and Bourboncouncy, we desire to extend our most hearty thanks forthe very liberal patronage accorded us during the yearjust closing. Within the last three weeks our switchboard operators have handled a load equally 75 per cent,in excess of ordinary conditions, arret was attributed tobad conditions of roads. Christmas shopping and wartraffic, wnich accounted for any seeming slowness in theservice, but with this new record of information our futureplans will be to meet such emergencies with only a limited"amount of delay in regular traffic.Our operators desire to thank those who scr kindlyremembered them, and join us in -wishing yon ,a'very'prosperous and HAPPY NEW YEAR.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.-Incorporated)f - ,m rK & N. TIME TABLilJJ ' ?Effective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRJVAL '$" "So. , " - ."34 Atlanta, daily I..1 :..v. ,--?. ..5:2 am, a25 Cynthiana, daily. except Sunday 1 7:35 am-rC -10 Rowland, daily except Sunday '.. :..-.. ...V-.... 7: 38 am ' -11 Maysville daily except Sunday , ...; -, 7:38 m, ,40 Lexington daily except Sunday.... ,. ..'..- --. ...7:4ft am 'm37 Cincinnati. O., daily., - . -.,.. . .10:03 " r '--12 Lexington, daily 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily . ..'.... ,,... ... .10:15 '"-' -18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday. 12:00 m,9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday ;... 3:00 am - '138 Lexington, Daily. T. 3:07 jm -38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 3:15 am -19 Maysville;' Daily : 5s46 pm-39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday.. .'...... t 5:5Q.pm-i?,14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday y, 6:18 pa32 Jacksonville. Fla.. Daily. f.. 6:23 pra239 Cincinnati, Sunday only , 9:3 tra - '130 Lexington Daily :.: 10:23 p Hi f31" Cincinnati, O., Daily ...7 ,.v. .....10:38 -pnv ATRAINS FOR - LEAYI ;No. - r " ; y-34 Cincinnati, waily . 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday.... "..... .....7:45 am I. ,11 Lexington, daily except Sunday -... 7:47 am $.10 Maysville. daily except Sunday. ....... ; .7zA5 am.13 Lexington, daily except Sunday, .-.-i . . ..?..." .IOj.25 ia x37 Knoxville. daily .-. .,. f 1Q:30 am33 Jacksonville, daily ..;v. ?'.. v 10:20 am18 Maysville, Sunday only . . . .' .'....,. ., 12:14 pm iN129 Lexington, daily except Sunday . v '- 3:125 pm .38 Cincinnati, daily '. .t..r....T:.' 3:2t pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday f S:I7pm9 Rowland, Daily -exceptonday ... . . v...,C'Nia -14 "Maysville, daily except Sunday...; .... f :33 pm .19 Lexington, Dally .. v -. t:H jk .32 Chicago, daily ..n..'. . i. .,?. f :3S 9m ' '30 Cynthiana, daily exceptSutfday....'. ,..r.-;.Cv...i..:4 m131- Lexington, Daily ' : . . . ' . X li:45 fmVlf-$ Atlanta, Ga., Daily . a ,. . ..lt:4f pm -" ' , TN j. "-Our;7L,iH-&vArxBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.demned, n- -IV (dc2T-28-jaii4'I!-f- VtS.VXS T,i- Wyr ' 1 pmmim!mn ytiMdpnuMmrjppa.rjn v' 'V '' -9j 1 1 I'm imw im.li wftffmmm'r-."44-9x-'U3-, -J.i a5HV.?v.jvyf -". .. .?"' 4. -th"t.i-AGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY IV 191S.' I 4'IMK'iI'4''iHiM.iI..I..H..I..I..lMM.ii.ii.lM.iH...M.4.4.i4.f HHi,i,.t..i..HfrComingAttractionsTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOPJ- JJpThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSIVSaliriStreetsParisMotor equipment.' Ambulance calls promptly attended to with'Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.9Vt Hi I l'tttfrfl"ltftflftWM'i' !MILLERSBURG''. Banks and.postoffice are closedto-day on account of the New Yearholiday.Mrs. James Howard has return-ed from a several week's visit to her.daughler, Mrs. Maffet, at Peoria,3niMr. and Mrs. J. Smith Clarke,ot aneioyvme, are guests or ineirmothers, Mesdames Elizabeth Clarke jand Sarah Thorn.The M. C. and M. M. I. willopen Thursday. The student bodiesare expected to arrive in time forstudy hall Wednesday evening.Mrs. George Jeffreys and twochildren, George and Irene Jeffreys,of Lexington, were guests of hef siss. ter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, Monday.Mr. T. W. Current is among vthesick. Little Miss Alice Courtney,: who has been confined to her roomfor several days, is able to be out. ugain.Mrs. R. L. Buffington, of Wheeling, W. "Va., and Mrs. Raymond Miller, of Pueblo, Colo., mtTivjed Satururday as guest of Dr. an'flrMrs. W. TJf .Miller.Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Reynolds entertained last Wednesday eveningwith an elaborate six-o'clock dinnerIn honor of Mr. W. E. Powell, of Atlanta, GaMisses MqGuire, of Lexington,and Martha Violet, of Georgetown,. who spent the Christmas holidays attheir homes, will return here to-dayto resume their duties in the GradedSchool, which will open to-morrow.The following have returned totheir duties and homes after spending the Christmas holidays withfriends and relatives liere: .Mr. W.'E. Powell, to Atlanta, Ga.; Miss-Dorothy Peed to her duties in theGraded School at Birmingham,Ala.; Miss Alma Hurst to her dutiesin the Graded School at Lexington;Miss Nellie Borner to Falmouth;Mrs. Robert Stokley and children toCynthiana; Miss Alma Duke Jonesto South Carolina; Misses Margaretand Edith Wood to their duties in-Jithe Graded Schools at Sharpsburg- and Brooksville; Miss Martha Smithto Georgetown College; Messrs.Pisher arid Harlan Hurst to TrinityCollege, N. C.The following were week-endguests of Miss Alberta Maffett:Jt Misses Gretta Clarke and Ina Hedgecocke, and Messrs. Heber Clarkeand Charles Roufe, all of Brooks1 ville. Miss Maffett' entertained Saturday evening with a elaborate fivecourse six-o'clock dinner. The menuconsisted of all the good things inthe market. 'The following youngpeople were present to meet her out-of-townvisitors: Misses MarthaSmith and Agnes TOadell, andMessrs. H. C. Current and Chas.Fisher. Miss Maffett gave her guestsa picture show party at the Majestic.The evening was delightfully spentand every moment of it was enjoy-,ed by "all present. m' There was a good attendance atth regular meeting of Amity Lodge,"-,No'40, F. and A. M., Thursday evening. At the close of the meeting adelightful banquet was enjoyed onthe first floor of the Temple, themenu consisting of oyster stew, rawNoysters, pickles, crackers, celery, oldi!am, escalloped oysters, hot rolls,coffee and cheese, after which at smoker was enjoyed. A Past Master'scharm Was presented to retiringMaiter V. L. Barton, in a short andappropriate address by Mr. R. M.Caldwell. Mr. W. .V. Shaw deliveri a address on "How to Have a&ve Lodge," ajid gave some whole-jimi 'iaetruction to , the incopiingMil It i) r The' following are the offi-i - for the coming yearW. Mf r-Dr.I. M. Box-JHinton Co.Kv.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286ourIey' J- w- Mr- R- C. Borner. Thefollowing were re-elected: Secre-jtary Mr. P. E. Peterson; Treas-jurer Mr. S. M. Allen; ChaplainMr. M. E. Pruitt; Tyler Mr. G. W.! Clifford. Mr.. J. H. Burroughs was ap-pointed S. D., and Mr. G .W. Bram-lett was appointed j D The offi-cers will he installed this evening,af ter WMch the stewards, trustees,) Committees on Sick Relief and Pi-njmce will be appointed. All mem-bers are urged to be present to hearthe inaugural address of the incom-. ine: Masterfe fe feHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.HAVE CASE. IJEXT CHKISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our many. F" uvo vi. a, wuuquuao wvmgs cneck next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next 'year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)fe fcH feMATRIMONIAL.4THOMPSON HUMBLE.The marriage of Mis3 SarahThompson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.I. D. Thompson, of Paris, and Mr.Hershel Humble, of Somerset, willbe solemnized at the home of thebride's parents, on Duncan avenue,at two o'clock this afternoon. Rev.F. J. Cheek, of Danville, will performthe ceremony. Only the members ofMiss Thompson's immediatefamilywill witness the ceremony.After the wedding the bridalcouple will leave for a honeymoontrip, their destination not beingmade known. On their return theywill reside at the home of the groom,in Somerset.fca )E3 mTHOMASON CORBIN.Miss Izema Thomason, -daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Thomason, ofLittle Rock, and Dr. Victor W. Cor-bin, of Butler, secured a marriagelicense from County Clerk PearcePaton. Saturday, and were marriedin Lexington, Saturday afternoon byRev. Carl Agee, pastor of the Little'Rock church.The bride is one of the handsomest young women of the county andpossesses personal charms as well asa gracious disposition that has endeared her to a host of friends. 'Dr.Corbin is a prominent physician ofButler, and worthy of the charmingbride who now bears his name. Dr.and Mrs. Corbin will reside in But-ler.GOFF CLARKE.The marriage of . Miss AnnaLucille Goff and Mr. W. D. Clarke,Jr., both of near North Middletown,was solemnized on Saturday afternoon at five o'clock at the residenceof the officiating minister, Rev. I. T.Spencer, on Walnut street, in Lexington. The bride's mother, Mrs. MinaGoff and the bridegroom's father,Mr. W. D. Clarke, were . the witnesses. The bride wore her traveling suit and pretty hat with a cor-sage bouquet of roses and lilies ofthe valldy. After the ceremony -Mi -..and Mrs. Clarke left over the C. &O. for a hridaj trip to Louisville.On their return they will reside atthe home of the bridegroom, who isengaged in farming near North Middletown. The bride is a charmingand accomplished young woman, and iswohian,Tuesday, January 1stGoldwyn Presents the Internationally Famous Beauty and TheatricalFavorite.MAXINE ELLIOTTIN"Fighting Odds"By Irwin S. CobbWm. Duncan and Carol Hollowayin the second episode of"Vengeance and the Woman"Pricescousin of Miss Anna Chandler Goff,i of the Lexington College of Music.She formerly lived in Lexington.CRONE FITHIAN.-To the scribe who inspected the,iudiiidse uuenbe dook m tne omce orCounty Clerk Pearce Paton lastThursday, the entry therein of thenames of James Ford Fithian and. 3 i i i . , ,-ovouyuiuc wunc giivt? nu uxnt oinaving a .raris man m tne romance,yet such was the case.The wedding of Mr. Fithian, whoics o an-n nf TlV.c TIT,, ,, , 1T4.T,i JJ0 a OUU VJJL 1TJ.10. lUtVViUlC X 11 mail. 111.Paris, and Miss Crone, who is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Crone, of Winchester, took. place atthe home of the officiating minister,Rev. Dr. Fortune, in Lexington. Then . ;; .only attendants at theceremony.were the bridegroom's brother, Mr.Harry Brent Fithian, and Mrs. Fith-ian, and Mr. John H. Crone, of Win-Chester, the bride's brother. congregation and the EpworthMr. Fithian is a brother of Mrs. 'League, at the church last night.M. H. Dailey, Mrs. Charles May and An interesting program, appropriMessrs. Charles W. Fithian and Har- ate to the time- and-, the occasion,ry Brent Fithian, of Paris. After a was carried out, as the assemblageholiday visit to friends and relativesin Paris; Lexington and Winchester,Mr. and Mrs. Fithian returned toi -rr,1T,f in prion WootVirginia, where'Mr- Fithian- is engaged in businesswith a large mercantile firm.HOUSTON LAm.The marriage of MissHazelJouett Houston to Mr. MatthewRichard Lair, both of this county,was very quietly solemnized at thehome of the officiating minister,Rev. Dr. Fortune, in Lexington,last Thursday evening. The onlyattendants were the bride's brother,Mr. Samuel Houston, and Mrs. Houston. After the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Lair left for a bridal tripto1 :.ripoints of interest in the South.Ontheir return they will reside on thegroom's farm on the Maysville pike,near Paris.The bride is the youngest daugh-, ter ofMrs. Julia Houston and thej late Mr. Joseph Houston, of nearParis, and is a beautiful and charming young woman. She is much admired and very popular. She worea beautiful suit of taupe cloth withhat and shoes to match and hercorsage bouquet was of pink rosesand valley lilies.The bridegroom1 is a well-knownand popular young farmer and landowner, a son of the' late Mr. MattLair, of this county. He has a largecircle of friends in this city andcounty who wish longand happy' married life to him' "andhis fair .bride:The followiniannouncementswere issued: ."Mrs. Julia Houston announcesthe marriage of her daughter, HazelJouett, to Mr. Matthew Richard Lairon Thursday, December twenty-sev-enth,nineteen hundred and seventeen at Lexington, Kentucky. AtHome after January 15, Paris, Ky.'BS IS IS! 'HAVE A SAYINGS ACCOUNT,'HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASl Our now rVhristmns Savings flluhhas started. Be one of our many,happy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. ' (It)wa Ra laiiPOLICE COURT BUSINESS. XBusiness in Judge January's courtfor the month .of November was,about the lightest that tribunal hasexperienced for years. Judge Jan-juary's report submitted at the recentmeeti of the city Council ghowed!Qnly fiye cages were tried Qthat month, and that the fines assessed amounted to only $26.00,,witlcollections for the same time of only541. viai Hi usT.iffHiiTer'ci lnft rliTfitflipej inrliliaia 10 all rvnnt was aiinir -wirhrmfWednesday, January 2ndA Big Paramount Feaure"The Ghost House"FeaturingLouise Huff and Jack Pickf ordalso-Klever Komedy ', Bray's Pictographsand Comic CartoonAt the Alamo-Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c. 'At v3S Faris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adu.t 13c -war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc. .RELIGIOUS.;...a revival meeting is in progressat Shawhan, conducted by Evange-list E. 0. Hobbs, who conducted asuccessful tent meeting on Cypressstreet, m rans, last summer.The members of the Mission Cir-cle of the Christian church will be"w ""lv,vla -"c VyXl 1C 111., . . ..Ine Panors or tne church,at 2:30o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon. Aprogram of special interest has beenprepared and an enjoyable time isin store for all who attend.Watch -night and devotional'Watchservices, an interesting annual fea-ture in the Methodistobserved by memberschurch, was'of the Paris"watched the Old Year die and theNew Year come in."' A reviyal meeting is in progressat the Methodist church- in Centerville. Services are being conductedeach night by the pastor, Rev. C.H. Mattox. On Sunday Rev. Mattoxwas assisted at both services by'Rev.0wensmof Wilmore. Special music1918 Art Calendar Free!To Our Friends and PatronsWe extend our sincere wishes foif a MERRY CHRISTMAS and a HAPPY NEW YEAR. We thank themfor their patronage duiring the past year and Wish toassure them of our best services in the future.POSNER BROSYi'fcA. -"C-Holiday9 Shoes and SlippersGreatly Reduced Prices.DAN'Paris' Greatest-Shoe Storemalequartetw ! from theWilmore churchRev. William E. Sweeney, for-'merly of Paris, who has for several"years been in charge of the congregation of the Christian r.hnrnh nti . -Evansville, Indiana, where he wasvery popular and highly-esteemedhas accepted a call to the pastorate.of the Christian church at Danville,,111. Rev. and Mrs. Sweeneywereguests of his motner Mrs. John S.bweeney, on Higgm.5 avenue, duringthe holidays. They will leave forDanville this week to reside.v At a recent meeting of the Junior Missionary Society of the Methodist church held in "the church parlors, the following officers were elected to serve during 1918: PresidentElizabeth Lilleston; First Vice-'President Lucille Chinley: Assist-ant First Vice-President Eloi3eAlexander; Second Vice-PresidentBessie Taylor; Assistant Second Vice- jPresident Hilda Rice; TreasurerRuth Wheeler; Recording Secretary4Hilda Taylor; Superintendent ofSocial Service Nell Tingle; Assistant Superintendent of Social ServiceLouise Combs; Superintendent ofMission Study and PublicityLouise Kirkpatrick; Corresponding.Secretary Mary Sandusky.55 P9 !S' Turkish agents are also negotiating for peace "with the Petrograd. authorities a sort of Turkish-Trotskyexercise.was furnished by' aAfterChristmaSaleCOHEN'. Where Beauty and Bcohpmy Reign.Thursday, January 3rd .fBessie Barriscalein Kay-Bee Triangle Feature"Wooden Shoes"Popular Players in Triangle Comedy"A Love Case", Also Keystone Comedy"Her Torpedoed Love"wifch Louise Fazenda and Ford Sterling.ORCHESTRAAlamo , 2 to 5:30farls Grand . 7 to 10:30-V?WILMOTH'SNEW BARREL OFKRAUTJUST OPENEDFRESH BARR.EL OFSORGHUMJUST RECEIVEDDILL PICKLESWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376yVtatyff??oy?IIi..''m'fe-Ctoritc: S. W.ia a trace.I.- . - --An; hi1' "iff - vN