VwAS- - .-THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.r2T"VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1918?V'VATTRACTIVE CLARK COUNTYWOMAN ENDS OWN LIFE.Mrs. Phelps Renick, one of tliehandsomest and most attractiveyoung matrons in Winchester, diedat her home in that city yesterday,by her own hand, according to messages sent to Paris relatives.Mrs. Renick was formerly MissLaurie Duty, of Mt. Sterling, andwas considered one of the most attractive young women in the Bluegrass region. She had been marriedabout three years. Continued illhealth is ascribed as the cause of heruntimely ending. She had been a patient in the hospital at various times,and had just returned about a weekago from Baltimore, where she hadundergone a surgical operation. Shewas a niece of Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, of ParisHer husband, Mr. Phelps Renick,is a nephew of Mrs. Duncan Bell andMr. B. M. Renick, of Paris, and agrandson of Mrs. W. H. Renick, ofthis city.WE WANT A SHARE OF YOURBUSINESS NOT ALL.We have just entered the Fire Insurance business, having secured theagencies for several companies thatthe strong financially and prompt,courteous and reasonable in treatingwith their policy holders who maybe unfortunate enough to suffer anylosses.The chief difficulty a new Fire Insurance Agency meets in securing itsshare of the business in ? that theymust necessarily take most of theirbusiness away from some otheragency. Now, we are not going toask you to take all your insurancebusiness away from the other fellow,but we do want to ask you to watchfor the expiration of your policiesnow in force and let us have at leasta part of the renewals. If you are expecting to take out additional insurance, and the other fellow has therest of your business, can't you letus have this additional business?We promise you the best possibletreatment, both on our part and thatof our companies, a-nd will deeply appreciate whatever you can do for usin that line.Very truly yours,(lt) YERKES & PEED.SURPLUS CLOTHING ASKED FORr"pfcn CROSS RELIEF WORK.tMr. James R. Garfield has sent instructions to the Bourbon CountyRed Cross Chapter in regard to therequest from the Commission of Relief, in Belgium and France, askingthe Red Cross to collect for it a certain amuont of used and surplusclothing.The work is not to become a regular activity of the Red Cross or be aprecedent for a continual collectionof such articles and so the weekfrom March ISth to March 25th,only, will be devoted to this purpose.The Bourbon County Chapter hasorganized for this work and Mrs.no.07.fr?! wphh will he chairman andwill receive articles at her bookstore.Everybody in the county is urgedto take notice of the appeal and sendwhat articles they can spare to thisroom for this purpose. Only article ?appearing in the list of garmentsneeded will be accepted and the listis as follows:For Men Shirts, preferably otlight colored flannels, undershirts,underwears, trousers, coats, overcoats, overalls, shoes, jerseys, sweaters, vests, socks, sizes lOto 11.For Women Shirts, drawers, corset slips, petticoats, blouses, overcoats, suits, pianfores, shoes, clothhats, knitted caps, stockings, sizes 7and 8, shawls.For Boys Shirts, union suits, undershirts, trousers, coats, suits, overcoats, jerseys, socks, sizes 1 and 9.For Girls Dresses, skirts, overcoats, night dresses, drawers, stockings, sizes 1 to 6, undergarments,petticoats, suits, blouses, shoes.For Boys and Girles Hoodedcapes, pinafores, woolen union suits.For Infants Swanskin swaddmgclothes, cradle chemises, bodices,cradle dresses, bonnets, hibs, .neckerchiefs, diapers, slioes, baby dresses,booded cloaks, jackets, shawls,sweaters, socks.Miscellaneous fieaucu,sheets, pillow cases, blankets, mufHgis Please do not send men's stiff hats,women's stiff hats, fancy slippers,goods containing rubber in any form,or any articles that are not clean.Do not put any notes or messages many of the garments.AN APPRECIATION.That the soldier-boys read and appreciate THE NEWS among hundreds of other publications sent tothem is evidenced by the followingletter which was received recently.THE NEWS goes to nearly every military and naval encampment wherethere is a Paris or Bourbon countyboy, and it is always welcome. Theletter follows:"Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky.,March 14,1918."Ed BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: We are receiving yourpaper regularly a-nd want you toknow that it is being read and enjoyed by .many people from your vicinity who visit our house."Thanking you for your kindness,'-we are, sincerely, ."Y. W. C. A. HOSTESS HOUSE."MARCH 29 TO WITNESS CATLINGOF SECOND DRAFT.Eight hundred thousand men areto be called to the colors graduallyduring the present year under thesecond army draft which begin3March 29.Announcement by Provost MarshalGeneral Crowder of the number tobe called was followed closely by anorder for the mobilization of ninetyfive thousand men during the fiveday period beginning March 29, somefifteen thousand of them to be assembled under the second draft.Eighty thousand will be men of thefirst draft of 687,000 men not yetcalled for service.Details of how the second draft isto be applied will be made publiclater after Congress has acted uponlegislation now pending providing forthe registration of youths as theyreach the age of twenty-one and forbasing draft quotas upon the numberof registrants in Class 1 in eachState and district. The ninety-fivethousand men now called, it is understood, are needed to fill divisionsscheduled for early departure or totake places of men transferred toother divisions to make up such deficiencies. Kentucky's quota under this callhas been placed at 1,650, who willbe taken from the ranks of the colored draftees. Major General HenryF. Rhodes, U. S. A., in charge of thedraft in the Adjutant-General's office,has sent out notices of the quotasfrom the counties. Bourbon will becalled on to send fifty men.Local Boards have been notified infilling emergency calls under thedraft that men "actively, 'completelyand assiduously" engaged in plantingand cultivating, be deferred untilthe last.The United States Senate hasagreed to the House amendments tothe bill providing for the furloughof soldiers for farm work. Themeasure has been signed by PresidentWilson and is now a law. This willmean a return to farm work of manyhundreds now in the camps, duringthe planting and harvesting season,after which they will again returnto camp service.Notice of the next draft call hasnot yet been received by the localExemption Board. This notice, however, generally comes through themail. In all probability the ordersare now in Frankfort and will soonbe on their way to Paris.NOTICE TO CONSUMERSTo Our ElectricaL Consumers:On acccount of the high cost ofeverything at this time, we are forcedto ask our patrons who use electric current to share with us a partof the great war burden.On April 1st we will reduce discounts from lc per K. W. H. to Jcper K. W. H. and readjust the rateschedule for electric lighting as tothe quantity used, but we will notraise the unit price per Kilowatt inany case. These advances will be soslight that we feel assured that ourpatrons will cheerfully aid us in tiding over the period of high costs incident to the war and until normalconditions are again restored.Elsewhere in to-day's paper willbe found a copy of the new rateschedules which will be applied onApril bills.Assuring you of our regret thatthis has become necessary to prevent,losses that would impair service andthreaten the existence of the Company, we remain as ever "alwaysready to serve."Yours 'truly,C. L. STEENBERGEN,Manager Paris Gas & Electric Co.(15-2t)STREET QUESTION SETTLED.If plans now under considerationby the citv dads are carried out Mainstreet in Paris, will be entirely rebuilt. The matter was brought upfor discussion at a joint meeting ofthe city a-nd county officials, held in.. nffipa nf Mip. Citv Clerk, in theFirst National Bank building, Tuesday evening.The ownership of Main street,which is considered a part of theTM,iii0 anH T.vinert.on turnDike.has long been a disputed question between the county and city, and atthe meeting of the Bourbon FiscalCourt recently it was decided to instruct County Attorney D. D. Clineto bring a friendly suit against thecity to settle the matter. The agreement reached at the meeting heldTuesday night, however, will forestall this. Under the terms of theagreement the street will be rebuiltas soon as settled weather conditionsprevail, and the cost of same will beborne jointly by the city and county.Later on the matter will be finallysettled in the Court of Appeals.21 & 1I-U. S. DISTRICT COURT IN SESSIONAT FRANJOOKX.The United States District Courtfor the Eastern District of Kentuckyconvened in Frankfort, Monday, forthe regular spring session, withJudge A. M. J. Cochran presiding,and District Attorney Thos. D. Slattery and U. S. Marshal Robert C.Ford in attendance.Messrs. John Richards, of Paris,and J. S. Shoptau&h, of Millersburgare members of the Federal grandgrand jury, and Mr. W. A. Thomason,of North Middletown, is a member ofthe petit jury.Full naturalization papers weregranted by the Court to Jan Smitz,ra native oi xioiiauu, "Teeldent of 'Paris.IN BOTH SPIRITFUEL ADMINISTRATOR WARNS"AGAINST RAISING PRICES"Mr. James H. Thompson, of Paria,Federal Fuel Commissioner forBourbon county, is in receipt of thefollowing communication from StateFederal Fuel Commissioner Wiley B.Bryan, of Louisville, which is in anature of a warning to fuel dealers:Your attention is respectfullycalled to the following memorandumissued by the Legal Department ofthe Fuel Administration, which isself-explanatory:"The attention of the Legal Department of the Fuel Administrationhas been called to the fact that inseveral instances alleged violators ofthe Executive Orders of the President, fixing the price of coal, and ofthe Regulations of the United Statesr uw Auimmstraior, -nave oeen arrested by local police officers at therequest of local Fuel Administrators."inasmuch as the Lever Act is anart nf TlO Pncc nf -h TrUiaUUiCBUiH,lWUa Ui " ! uC1 um.u.osf&foc XirX:. A.rViftrationbe reported immediately tostates, violations for the penaltiestherein prescribed must necessarilybe brought in the United Statescourts. The result of arrests byState authorities and attempts toprosecute in the State courts canonly result in dismissals or the relA.pce 0f those arrested upon writs ofhabeas corpus."Such dismissals and releases will99Wm99m9Mm9WE KNOW HOWHew Clothes forSoysTHE KINDWILL$5.00 toSuits With Two Pairs Trousers.Select Your Boy's Suit Early, While theAssortment is Large.MITCHELL &Stetson Hats Manhattaniii jAND LETTER9 Iinjuriously affect the systematic efforts which are being made by theDepartment of Justice, at the requestof the Legal Department of this Administration, to enforce the President's Orders and the Regulations ofthe United States Fuel Administrator."You are therefore requested tonotify all local committees and localFuel Administrators that all violations of such orders or regulationswhich come to their attentionshould be referred either to the Legal Department of the Fuel Administration at Washington or to the localUnited States Attorney."Of course violations of theWeights and Measures Act or anyother State laws or laws of any municipality are subject to the jurisdiction of the local courts."As heretofore requested, everyprecaution should be taken by you tosee that all violations of the rules-. JM . ! 4 sk.- f 4-Vi -w "Citi-kl A lmiiathis office giving such names andfacts as will enable the Legal Department at Washington to make investigation."Thanking you for your hearty cooperation in this .matter, I remain,"Yours very truly,"WILEY B. BRYAN,"Federal Fuel Administrator, Ky."THAT YOULIKEHERE'S a showing of Boys'Clothes that is pronounced the season'smost interesting because itinvolves so large a style rangeand such excellence of fabrics. We Know Just jWhat Boys Like IIt's Our Businessto Make Young-sters Happy . . .We have studied their demands and bur Suits are madeto meet the needs of REALBOYS. New military ideasthat boys want.' Snappystyles and patterns in allwool cloth.S15.00BLAKEMOREShirts Nehleton Shoes,FORMER PARIS WOMAN SUICIDESAT SHELBYVULE.While in a despondent mood,superinduced by 'long illness, Mrs.Lillie May Hall Smith, formerly ofParis, took a dose of arsenic at herhome near Shelbyville, with suicidalintent. The poison proved effective,death ensuing in a few hours.Mrs. Smith had suffered from theeffects of two strokes of paralysis,and had been in poor health recently.Fearing the return of another stroke,Mrs. Smith wrote and addressed letters to her children in which shemade known her intention of endingher troubles by death by her ownhand. Some time during the nightshe took the poison, and when foundwas near death's door. The fact thatbhe had taken poison was -not suspected at first and not known untilthe paper which had contained thearscenic was found under her bed.Mrs. Smith was formerly Miss Lillie May Hall. She resided with heraunt, Mrs. Evelyn Letton, in the oldbrick house which stood on the present site of the Paris Public Library,at the corner of High and Seventhstreets. During her girlhood dayshere she was a student at the Bourbon College, which at that time wasunder the direction of Professor andMrs. A. Sanders. She is survived byone daughter, Mrs. Evelyn Peddicord,of Shephardsville, Ky., and one son,Mr. Robert Smith, who is employedin the shipyards at Newport News,Va., and one sister, Mrs. Lydia Collins, of Maysville.NOTICE EROM THE COUNTY EOODADMINISTRATOR.Because of the numerous and flagrant violations of the food conservation laws in this and other countiesin Kentucky, it has become necessary for the Government to tightenits regulations with reference to thepurchase of substitutes for wheatflour.On and after March 21, 1918, noretailer of flour or miller will be permitted to sell any flour unless thepurcheser of such flour buys of theretailer or piiller at the time anequal amount of substitutes forwheat flour, or furnish the retailer ormiller a certificate that the purchaserhas ground for his own personalfamily use such substitute; and saidcertificate must be endorsed by th2County Food Administrator of Bourbon county, or one of his assistants.No retailer will be permitted to accept any certificate in lieu of anysubstitutes for flour unless said certificate is first countersigned by theFood Administrator of Bourboncounty.JOHN T. COLLINS,Food Administrator of Bourbon Co.CHESS AND CHECKERS CLUB.Expert players are having achance to show their skill and science in the chess and checker tournaments held in Paris by the newlyorganized Chess and Checker Club.Great interest is manifested in thegames, which will be played eachMonday night.In the chess game at the Y. M. C.A. Monday night Rev. A. Sanders andDr. Raymond McMillan lost to Sherman Stivers, who was in turn, defeated by C. A. McMillan. WalterSchatzig defeated J. Walter Payne.At checkers M. L. Clark lost to J.Walter Payne, who suffered defeatby Wm. Bowling. R. L. Foster andL. D. Harris defeated Rev. A. Sanders and John Cahal. Secretary Z.L. Wilcox, of the Y. M. C. A., defeated M. L. Clark, and Sherman Stivers defeated John Cahal. Severalnew members were enrolled, including M. L. Clarke and W. A. Thomason, of North Middletown. ,The next games in the series willbe played next Monday night, whenan interesting time is expected.)m S mSTATE TAX COMMISSION MAKESINCREASED ASSESSMENT.The State Tax Commission hasplaced a net increase of $42,719,920en the assessment of 59 counties ofthe State. Four counties, Clark,Daviess, Harrison and Warren, gotreductions in the assessments at thehands of the Commission. No specified increase was made on Spencer,Gallatin, Union, Clay, Boone, Campbell, Kenton, Johnson, Lyon and Fulton counties, the Commission ordering the County Board of Supervisorsto .make a general equalization inthese' counties.?a sPIANO RECITALS.The pupils in pianforte of MissBetsy Ray will give a recital at MissRay's home on Higgins avenue, ateight o'clock, this (Friday) evening.The program as arranged by MissRay, is a very interesting one, thenumbers ranging in variety frompopular to classic.On Monday evening at Miss Ray'sresidence, the advanced pupils inpiano will give a recital at eighto'clock.Friends and patrons are cordiallyinvited to attend these recitals.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT"Bob" Porter, local correspondentof the Lexington Daily Leader, firedthe following squib in the Leader'sParis column in Sunday's issue:"Among the names of those whoappeared before the Bourbon CountyBoard of Examiners for examinationin the recent draft were Ed Igo, whowas discharged and therefore willnot go. Will Cross was accepted andwill cross. "Jess" Guess case is stillin the hands of the Board, and "Jess"I is still guessing what they are, going1 to do with him."BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Upon the reconvening of the Bourbon Circuit Court, Tuesday, the caseof the Commonwealth vs. Effie Crosscharged with assault and batterywas tried, resulting in a convictionand a fine of ?25. Another chargaagainst her of pointing a pistol atanother was dismissed.The petit juries for this term of theCourt are made up of the following:A. T. Rice, James Connell, Thoma3Connell, Thomas Mitchell, Clell Turkey, Henry Boardman, J. N. Nelson,Jos. Bodkin, Calvin Jones, D. G. Taylor, Catesby Woodford, Jr., Geo. H.Wilson, Tollie Young, C. P. Cook,Walker Kiser, J. L. Horton, GuySmith, Logan Howard, W. H. Clark,John Towles, Thos. Kiser, W. H.Piper, R. P. Walsh, Geo. A. Kellerand J. J. Veatch. The juries weredismissed until yesterday morning.Owing to the fact that Oscar Willoughby, who was shot by JohaHenry Harp, had died, the caseagainst Harp, indicted on the chargeof shooting and wounding Willoughby, was dismissed by the Court andthe case referred back to the grandjury.By agreement of the parties in litigation and their attorneys and thoCourt the case of McClure vs. McClintock was continued to the Juneterm. The case of the Commonwealthvs. Oscar Johnson, charged withkilling Walter Rice, was-continuedto the June term. The case of theCommonwealth vs. Henry Hawkins,charged with murder, was placed onthe docket for trial yesterday.The trial of the damage case ofW. F. Daniels, administrator of theestate of his wife, the late Mrs.Elizabeth Daniel, against the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Company, for $20,000, was begun in thoCourt yesterday. The case willprobably take up the entire time ofthe Court the rest of the week.On August 9, 1917, Mrs. Daniel,who resided at the corner of Main,and Nineteenth streets, endeavored,to cross the interurban tracks tohand a letter to a mail carrier, whowas passing on the other side of thestreet. She was struck by an incoming interurban car bound forParis, and thrown under the wheels.Her body was badly mangled, deathensuing immediately.7 Mrs. Daniel was alone at home,her husband being in the mountaindistrict, where he was engaged inthe lumber business, and her children were attending the fair atLondon, Ky. The letter she was endeavoring to mail at the time shemether tragic death was one tellingof her intention to join them in a..visit to relatives in London during;the Fair.The plaintiff is represented byJudge Denis Dundon. Hinton, Bradley & Bradley, of Faris, and WallaceMuir, of Lexington, represent thedefendant.The equity docket cases were called' by Special Judge Newell on Wednesday, and assigned for trial. Theequity appearance docket was alsocalled.isTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.The Paris market is rapidly drawing to a close, and it is altogetherlikely that the end will come withinthe next two weeks. Receipts havebeen getting lighter, and as nearlyall the best tobacco has been disposedof, what is now being sold is shortcrop, which has a tendency to reducethe average.The Independent Warehouse Company sold a total of 19,130 pounds attheir sale yesterday, at an average of$29.15. The last sale of next weekwill be held on Thursday, March 21.The last sale of the season, and theonly sale for the week will be held.on Wednesday, March 27. Some ofthe crop averages at the Independent's sale yesterday were as follows:Lyons & Gunsaully, 2,380 pounds;average $28.01.W. C. Jacoby, 2,050 pounds; average $26.00.A. F. Goodwin, 2,725 pounds; average $29.21. ,Venable & Blackburn, 2,805pounds; average $29.79.PLEASANT STREET HOME ATAUCTION MARCH 23.The Williams property on Pleasant street, between Eighth andNinth, will be sold at auction onI Saturday, March 23, at 11 o'clock.Lot is 224 feet deep, and fronts onPleasant street 43 feet. Eight rooms.Reception hall. Modern conveniences.Best built house in Paris 18-inchwalls, slate roof, plate glass, hardwood floor in reception hall.(15-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.m E mSENATOR .TAMES GREATSTRENGTH.Even to this day people continueto refer to Senator Ollie M. Jamesspeech delivered in the Senate in defense of the Administration's waractivities. It was an unanswerablereply to the criticism indulged inbefore New 'York club members bySenator Chamberlain, of Oregon. Asa forceful and oratorial effort; it hadnot been equaled In the Senate in aquarter of a century, according toJohn Sharp Williams. In a lava-tideof patriotic word painting the bigKentuckian baptized Chamberlainand his kind in the fire of truth andJustice. There are still piled o tables in the oflice of Senator Jamesletters and messages from men andwomen all over the Union, praising,him for his courage.As Senator James is the personalfriend of the President and o ofthe ablest and moat ardent spokesmen, Kentucky iwwr'well b proud, ofhr .senior Seaator, his own succe-nr .r . .THE BOtTRBON NEWS, PARISJ KY.1'ITAGETWOFRIDAY, MARCH 15, lfll.a 'ifrwYft-i r-feftM BOURBON NEWS'Established 188136 Years of Continuous Publication -Published Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.JSWTET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theK4tfharcterf standing or reputation of-vxf person, firm or corporation whichwUy appear in the columns of THE5AURBON NEWS will be gladly cor--icedif brought to attention of thetiltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.0P perSnch for first time; 50 cents per inch-eh subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linevetch issue; reading notices in black"typej 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-Imilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otheriOiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesjust invariably be accompanied byxthe cash.- -; This paper has enlistedmththe government in the:ause of America for the--period of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Plant War Gardens.Tie American people responded- splendidly to the call last year to.increase production of foods by widespread individual effort. Owners oimagnificent estates who formerlyiraased a great tumult if a singledandelion dared to raise its head onthe lawn, heroically plowed theirIront yards, and potatoes, beans, andonions appeared where the velvet;green had. reigned supreme. Others,"with, only a few square feet of opIKrtunity and only a few hours aweek to spare, also dug and slantedaiid-watered. The aggregate resultswere really worth while, even"though in many cases there was a-crop failure. The physical benefitand the feeling of patriotic endeavor-was,, however, well worth the work.And now, as another planting timeis a,t hand, the effort should be repeated and largely increased. Torthose wThose crop was disappointing,3here is this word of encouragement:Many soils were what the farmers-call "sour," a condition often cured.hy simply turning it over so sun andair and rain can do their work.' Some soils needed only a little fertilizing and some consisted of a fewinches of black covering sand, bricksand other rubbish left from building.But even the poorest soils will be3nore responsive this second year ofplanting, and in any event the yards- "and gardens which will yield a profitable-return will total thousands of- acres, and every pound which can beraised at home will add just thatmucb. to the canning factories to beiput,in shape for shipment abroad.Tomatoes, carrots, beans, beets, areall easy to raise, and the humblecabbage is not to be despised, for itis jone of the most nutritious vegeta'" -"bles; early in the war the Russianarmy had little else than cabbage" for a long time, and fought hard.Let all "who can, join in the work;" ven. the cliff dwellers in apartments'can help their friends who have.yards. A well-kept garden alwaysluxury should be a mark of did-tinction in these days.Redbreasts and Bluebirds.""Well it didn't snow recently, as"' the gloomy weather forecasters said-it might, and there are enough bluebirds and robins m the vicinity of"Pahs within the city limits foiJiat matter to warrant a hope thatthe next effort of the weatherprophets to shove us back into windier will fail. The groundhog said.thfijee would be six more weeks of"winter. The, six weeks were to en Ithe middle of- March. We are nowVaty the" third week of March andthe 'crows hajre be.en sitting on the"fences w,ai,ting "for the farmers tosaipajs oe them to pick up, andfjgi'hat because of tije softnessibj3,.atmosphere maybe the time to, plnt'toorn is, near.tleius hope and let us pray thattlweibreasts and the bluebirdshA&vl6arned in tlieir secret waystfcWsprin.g .has come and thereforelirgoome with it as companions,- j?9 ojt ahead of it as hardy harbin-Jktniels and the Navy.The Kentucky newspaper man hadhard row to travel when he began- to. handle the American Navy. He-watf lambasted, pummelled andlaughed at without mercy when hev.took up his job and assumed its re-sponsifeilities. We recollect "manycartoons showing "Ancient Mariner"'Daniels, with his grape juice, aboutto lead the navy to perdition, butbless ns, when the war came thenavy was on the job, so was Josephus Daniels.Not only has he proved that hismanagement of the navy has beensuch as to prepare it for war, but hehas won over critic after critic ofhis earlier official life. The record ofthe navy in European waters, engaged in a warfare for which Ameriicans had no expectations, is suchas to excite patriotic pride, and therehas been no talk of anything butpraise for the navy.The Subs and Shipping.It is needless to comment uponthe fact that U-boats destroyed 6,000,000 tons last year while GreatBritain and the United States replaced only two of them. It is announced from Washington that theshipping crisis has already passedthe lowest ebb and from this timeforward, conditions will improve.Such an opinion seems to be basedupon the ships being built at thistime and the measures being adopted for submarine strafing. The latter method is more than likely tobe the most successful, but at thesame time, it will never become complete. The building of ships so fastthat the subs cannot sink them isan expensive way to meet the peril,but if no other way exists, the alliesand this country will not be backward in ship construction.Have A Look-In?It does us all good to get a peep into our neighbors' homes and lives occasionally, not for idle curiosity, butfor the good it may do us. Mostwives think they are the busiest women in the world, and have moreworries than any other housekeper.When you feel this way, my friend,put on your bonnet and go and sitwith your neighbor for an hour orso; or what is better still, spend theday, eat a meal away from home.You will come back refreshed in mindand body and feel that you would notexchange your burdens for theirs, no,not even to be rich like them.Hard Times, Eh?Yes, these are hard times. Wethrow away ashes and soap. We raisedogs and buy hogs. We grow weedsand buy vegetables. We catch nshfrom a four dollar rod. We buildschool houses and -send our childrenaway from home to be educated. Andlast, but not least, we send our boysout with a forty dollar gun and atwenty dollar dog to hunt ten centgame. Yes, these are hard times,but whose fault is it? Don't placeall the blame on the president andthe trusts.Newspaper a Blessing.When a man is nearly frozen 'froma ten mile drive on a cold winter dayhe will hardly stop to read a blankadvertisement. But at home in hi?arm chair with his leg crossed before a cheerful fire he reads his localpaper, and while he is feeling goodand has plenty of time, picks out thelive business men of the town fromthe advertisements in the paper andmakes up his mind where he willtrade on his next trip to town.Trade At Home.Say, you Mr. and Mrs. Farmer andall your descendants, when you arepreparing to come to Paris to doyour shopping, just pick up yourpaper, THE NEWS, as a matter ofpreference, glance at its advertisingcolumns, and see who wants yourtrade. We guarantee they will saveyou money. The man who advertisescertainly has inducements ' to offeryou or he wouldn't ask you to calland see him before buying."Where Is My Boy To-night?"Many a mother who knows allabout the work of the missionariesin the interior villages of the FijiIslands hasn't the iemotest idea whather seventeen-year-old son is doingdown town till midnight. What'smore, she doesn't seem to think ither business to know.THE THIRD LIBERTY LOAN(New York Herald)It was a happy thought to fix uponApril 6, the first anniversary of thodeclaration that a state of war existed with Germany, as the date foroffering the third liberty loan.As 5500,000,000 of Treasury certificates have been sold to the banksat 4 per cent, and another bfferingof like amount is now open to subscription, it appears certain that the'new bonds will bear at least thatrate of interest, although Mr. McAdoo is careful to state that theamount, terms, and conditions of theloan have not yet been decided.A suggestion that the bonds bemade exempt from taxation is favoredin many quarters. An objection ismat this would create a preferred.class or bondholders. In answer tothis it is said the bonds, while notmaturing for 30 years, could be maderedeemable at the option of the Government after five years.The warning -pt the Federal Reserve Board to banks against raisingthe interest allowed "on deposits andlegislation giving the Governmentvirtual, control of the money marketwill help to make" the new loan thebrilliant success it should be on itsmerits as an investment and its appeal to national pride and patriotism.lei fe mEvery now and then we see a moving picture which convinces us thatthe screen has some edge on thestage. t- .AN ALTERED BUT UNDIMINISHED DANGER.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)The primitive peril of the war layin the possibility that the Germansmight overpower France by her firstblow, then swing back and crushRussia, and lo be free to conquerEngland.Defeated in this attempt, they undertccl: to realise their dream of anempire omprMng the whole centralpart chc continent, Mittle Europa.leach ng fiofa the northern to thosouthern seas.Blocked by the allied victories atBagdad and Jerusalem, their hopeswere dashed and the gravest peril orthe modern world averted. But thestars in their courses seem at presentto be fighting for these modern Huns.Just at the moment when their second dream was fading another glorious prospect opened to their view.It was an opportunity not less goldenthan, the others, and had its originin the collapse of Russian unity andpower. A door was suddenly openedtoward the rising sun a door admitting them to boundless territoryand inexhausible resources. Tornby internal dissensions, misled by ignorant visionaries, deprived of possible defense by the demobilization ofits armies, the whole vast Russianempire lay helpless at the feet of anunscrupulous a-nd remorseless foe.With scarcely a moment's hesitationthe German army crossed thethreshold, and the loosely aggregated provinces began to fall asunder.Such a swift and fatal disintegrationwas never seen before, nor such aneasy chance for one nation to absorbanother.The world looks on aghast as theprocess of absorption goes, unresticted, forward. When and where it willend the wisest cannot tell, but asprovince after province succumbs tothe might of the conquerer the prospects of the "indefinite extension otGerman power sends a shudderaround the globe. What hope wouldthere be for democracy if the German army should be increased bythe addition of fifteen or twenty million soldiers? Heaven only knows.Their work is cut out for the alliesnow. so mucn is sure, we mustwin on the western front or throwup the sponge. We must win! Theobligation is supreme. Never was aduty more imperious or more solemn.We must conquer or be enslaved.Is there any one too blind to pre-ceive the gravity of this alternative?It must be that they are among thoseuho are blind, because they will notsee! It is all as plain as a pikestaff. The destiny of the human raceis hanging in the balance democlacy or autocracy, civilian government or military rule, Christianity orpaganism take your choice.jki jes tsaRUB LUMBAGO PAINOR BACKACHE. AWAYInstant Relief Prom Pain, Backache,Soreness, Stiffness. Sciatica With"St. Jacobs Liniment."Back hurt you? Can't straightenup without feeling sudden pains,sharp aches and twinges? Novlisten!. That's lumbago, sciatica, ormaybe" from a strain, and you'll getblessed relief the moment you rubyour back with soothing, penetrating"St. Jacobs Liniment!" Nothing elsetakes out soreness, lameness and stiffness so quickly. You simply rub iton and out comes the pain. It is perfectly harmless and doesn't burn ondiscolor the skin.Limber up! Don't suffer! Get asmall trial bottle from any drugstore, and after using it just once,you'll forget that you ever had backache, lumbago or sciatica, becauseyour back will never hurt or causeany jinore misery. It never disappoints and has been recommendedfor 60 years. Stop drugging kidneys!They don't cause backache, becausethey have no nerves, therefore can not cause pain. (adv)STRICT EMBARGO PUT ON EXPLOSIVES JTORSOLDIERS.Postmasters hereafter will be heldto strict accountability for allowingpackages containing explosives, inflammable articles, alcohol, etc., to beforwarded from their offices for shipment to the American expeditionaryforces in France.In jmaking this announcementthe Postoflice Department called attention to the fact that under thelaw postmasters may be held jointlyresponsible with the senders of thenumalable matter should fire or explosion result from the presence ofsuch matter in the mails, whetherthe fire or explosion occur in thiscountry or abroad.Penalty for violation of the lawagainst placing articles in mailwhich are known to be unmailableis a fine of not more than $5,000 orimprisonment for not more than tenyears or both.Height of Clouds Varies.Thunderstorm clouds are very variable in heightfrom 500 to 2,000 feet.The clouds in thunderstorms ay bevery deep from two to five miles andmores hence the appearance as-to distance is very deceptive. Cumulusclouds .are Intermediate, and generallyoccupy a position from 2,000 to 55,000feet above the earth.f Chickens are great food giversthat is, some of them are.NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested to present same atonce, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.All persons indebted to the estateof Leer Stout, deceased, are, likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness. CANNIE G. STOUT,"Executrix, Leer Stout Estate.(26-3wks) r -'-""" '-' .RHEUMATISM ISII LOI BETTERTells How Tanlac Radium TreatmentHelped Him BenefittedIn Three Days.Robt. Malcolm, 68, of 1317 Walnutstreet, Cincinnati, Ohio, says he hasfound a certain source of relief inTanlac Rheumatism Medicine, aftersuffering from the aches and pains ofrheumatism for five years. TanlacRheumatism Treament is the newtreatment for rheumatism which contains radium."I live on the third floor and itused to be that I could hardly climbthe stairs to my flat because of thesevere rheumatic pains in my kneesand the calves of my legs, but I canclimb up to my flat a whole lot easier now and I've only been takingthis Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentfor three days," said Mr. Malcolm."I'm a carpenter by trade and lotsof my work makes it necessary forme to get down on the floor on myknees. The rheumatic pains used tobe so bad that I could hardly get tomy feet after working on the flooron my knees."The pains kept me awake at night,too. Sometimes it felt like piy legswere being pulled off of me. Thelack of sleep and rest made me feelbad in mornings and sometimes Icoulden't go to work."I was surprised that TanlacRheumatism Treatment should helpme so quickly. The pains have goneaway so much now that the last twonights I have slept better than I havefor weeks. I can get to my feet better after working on my knees, too.Only yesterday I was doing somefloor repairing and after I gotthrough with the job I was surprisedat how easily I could get to my feec."I believe that with a thoroughtrial Tanlac Rheumatfsm Treatmentwill rid me entirely of my rheuma-itism, and I am sure strong for thismedicine and recommend it."If you suffer from rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism Treatment today. Try a real medicine for rheumatism. Try Radium. You can gotTanlac Rheumatism Treatment atVarden & Son's. '(adv-marl2-15)T5l fal HiWhen we see a man pick up one ofthose complete railway guides andtimetables, and actually get out of itthe information he is wanting, weare willing to acknowledge the superiority of the masculine over the feminine intellect.Engine For Sale.Garr-Scott traction engine; six-teen-horsepower. In good condition.Call on or phone,MRS. JACK WOODS,Home Phone 397, Paris, .Ky.Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)LOST.On Main street between the ParisBook Store and the Paris Gas &Electric Co.'s office, a black leatherhandbag with strap handle and flatkey. Had in it about $35 in bills anda gold necklace with small cross attached! Reward for return to thisoffice. . (12-tf) ,LOSTBetween Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse and' Bourbon Lumber Co., abrown overcoat, with new pairgloves in packet. Reward for return.FRANK WILLIAMS,Route 7, Paris, Ky.mar5-tf)JBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesDEPARTMENTiRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMO T HGrocery Co.Phone 376&r -yetTo the Stockholders ofBourbon Oil &Development Co.Why sell your stock for less than par ($1.00)per share? It is worth that and more. Beforeselling see the company. We can pay you morethan anyone else. We know its value. If youwant to sell call or writeBaurbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany411 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Both Phones Cumberland 724; Home 544.I CREAM SHIPPERS!I Wish to State that I am BuyingCream at the Same Old Place.As your past dealings with me havebeen very satisfactory, I solicityour Cream, as my motto is:TOP PRICES HONEST TESTFULL WEIGHTSHonest and Fair Dealing to AllFrankfort Butter Co.No. 5 Broadway Paris, Ky.R. H. HARP, ManagerWANTEDEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREDEPARTMENTBring your old tires to us aridhave your workejone by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re- Treading aniVulcanizing of All Kindst S. BALLCor Fourth andiGARAGEPleasant Sfe.VilhtTZZs-T'h inputv-"" (VT"2?FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1918.THI BOURBON KKWS, F AKS, XTj -...- tr- v - -S--)ST-"V " ". ",-?. . Z4"l "JL IAWjijPKMMIIWISOCIAL, ANDi4Tirtcrr kl.PERSONAL.;"i' -7 fO4W'I4VHow to Make Oatmeal BreadHealthful to Eat Saves the Wheat1, cup flour12g cups corn meal1 teaspoon salt..5 teaspoons Royal Baking Powder2 tablespoons sugar1 cup cooked oatmeal or rolledoats2 tablespoons shortening1 csps milkNo eggsSift together flour, corn meal, salt, baking powder and sugar.Add oatmeal, melted shortening and milk. Bake in greasedshallow pan in moderate oven 40 to 45 minutes.This wholesome bread is easily and quickly made with the aid ofROYAL BAKING POWDERIf used three times a week in place of white bread by the22 million families in the United States, it would save morethan 900,000 barrels of flour a month.Our new Red, White and Blue booklet, "Best War Time Recipes",containing many ether recipes for making delicious and wholesomewheat saving foods, mailed free addressROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., Dcpt. H, 135 William St., New YorkFOOD WILL WIN THE "WARBaaiAfeiLi -'-TJWIst-uga&yWwircyBaTO HAVE RED CROSS HOUSES ATCANTONMENTS.A Red Cross house soon, will beconstructed in each of the army andnavy training camps.It is intended primarily to be alounge and rest haven, for convalescent coldiers. It will also be an administration center for the Field Director of the Red Cross, an emergency lodging for summoned relativesof those "rookies" dangerouslyill, and the Red Cross nurses andstaffs.A new headquarters for all RedCross activities in the camp hospitalwill be provided by the Red Crosshouse, and it will serve also to develop to full efficiency the Red CrossCommunication Service, throughwhich families and friends of soldierscan obtain prompt, accurate and detailed information as to their welfare. This service covers the campsin America as well as the battlefront.One of the first of these structuresto be built will be at Camp Meade,for which bids soon will be opened atthe office of the Department of Militarv Relief of the American RedCross. Construction work in all theDr. Wm. Riley FranklinOPTOMETRISTother camps and cantonments will beiushed.For convalescents, many new comforts will be provided by the RedCross house. These will include asolarium, or "sun parlor' a glassedin porch, and a stage, upon which"movies" and other entertainmentscan be given. A billiard room, kitchen, reading, reception and committee rooms, in addition to a largeassembly hall, will be located on thefirst floor. The second floor will begiven over entirely to bed roomsEach building will be 100x100 feetREADINGFOR THEMEN.FIGHTINGThere's many a dull hour for theboys in the camps and on the shipthat could be relieved by sendingthem reading matter of an acceptable kind. Do this by going over thelist of books in your library that canbe spared. Wrap them up, addressthem to the "Liberty War Service,"and send them to Miss ImogeneRednion, at the Paris Public Library.In this way you can help the boys.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.Practice Limited to the Correctionof Defective Vision by ProperlyFitted Lenses.E. TENN. PHONE No. 7.HOME PHONE No. 303Call Made to Any Part ofCity or County.520 Main St. Paris, Ky.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: Th'e editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when aToung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedIt carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," we linquired. "My wife sent me after,a bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. Iv.ent to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the sheifexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll -never go home without Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy."The Republican would suggest to theproprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimers lose faith instores where substituting is permittedto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disappointment of customers,(adv. March)THE "00 LA LA TIMES" FROMSOMEWHERE IN FRANCEMr. Wm. H. Cannon, local manager of the Central Home Telephoneo.'s exenange, sends the NEWS acoppy of "The Oo La La Times," published m English "Somewhere inFrance" by the Seventeenth UnitedStates Engineering Corps.The Times is full of original articles, well-written and displaying aknowledge of the newspaper business that could only have been acquired by actual experience. Someone on The Times has had a long expericence.in the art. The paper contains a remarkably graphic accountof the soldiers' Christmas celebrationin France, written by Sergt. DonaldEwing; an address to the people of'some town in France," by Col. J. S.Sewell, and the lesponse by theMayor; the address of a FrenchCom,mander landing the Americantroops, and various other articles, alltimely and well gotten up.The paper was sent to Mr. Cannonby Sergt. R. N. Crapster, a native ofShelby county, Kentucky, and a graduate of the Kentucky Wesleyan College, at Winchester. He is a memberof the Seventeenth Enginering Corps,and says it is called by the Frenchsoldiers the finest-looking and mostmilitary-appearing body of Americansoldiers in Europe."lot m 1BACKACHE IS A WARNING.Comings and Goings of Our.People .Here, There jmdElsewhere.Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford has goneto Martinsville, Indiana, for an extended stay.Mrs. Owen L. Davis is visitingher mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, in Covington.Mr. John T. Collins is ill at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HelmClay, on West Eighth street.rMrs. Katherine Davis Craig hasreturned frojm a vsit to the familyui ivir. bailey Berry, i.n Lexington.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of theParis Realty Company, was a business visitor in Nelson county recently. Mrs. Noah Smith and son,Frank, and Miss Clara Current, ofCenterville, have moved to Paris toreside.Mrs. W. A. Morris has returnedfrom a, two-weeks visit to her son,Mr. Dan Morris, and family, in Lexington. Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey, whohave been spending the winter inFlorida, will return home aboutMarch 19.Mr. Bush Bishop, of Paris, is apatient at the Masie Memorial Hospital, in this city, suffering fromtyphoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Wilson haveas guests at thdir home on Hmistnnavenue, Mrs. Wm. Lehman and Mrs.Wm. Morris, of Midway.Judge Robert H. Winn, of Mt.Sterling, attended the opening of theMarch term of Bourbon CircuitCourt, in this city; Monday.Mrs. Clark Wilson, who has beenvery ill of grippe at the home of Mr.and Mrs. David T. Wilson, on Houston avenue, is improving.Mrs. Louis Misonheimer and twochildren, accompanied by her mother,Mrs. Smith, have gone to Californiafor an extended visit to relatives.Mrs. W. H. Highland and daughter, Miss Ruth Highland, have returned to their home in Covington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Jos.James, on Parrish avenue.Mr. Edward Turner was removed this week from the Massie Memorial Hospital, wheie he has been apatient for several weeks, to hishonie on the Clintonville pike, nearParis. 'Lieut. James G. Metcalf, Jr.,for,me:!; of Paris, who is now stationed at Camp Grant, Rockford,Illinois, i:i the officers' trainingcorps, spent several days here thisweek as a guest of friends.Mr. Wm. ("Chief") Mcllvaine,formerly of Carlisle and Cynthiana,was a caller at THE NEWS officeWednesday. Mr. Mcllvaine, who hasbeen residing on. a farm in Oldhamcounty, near Lagrange, was prospecting for a location in Bourbon county,but not finding the exact place tosuit him, returned home. He willmake another trip to Bourbon soonin an endeavor to secure a location.(Other Personals "on Page 5)- IS IS ISParisPeople Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.WOLF, WILE & CO.INTRODUCENEW FATURESINSPRING FASHIONSTO BE SHOWN FOR THEFIRST TIME THIS WEEKSuits'for street and sports wearfc Smart afternoon and dinner frocksSpecial showing of wool jersey dresses'Utility and motor coatsNew sleeveless jackets in all colorsSweaters in all the new modelsFrench blouses and tailored shirtsThe new milliperyPff NOTE: We desire to call particular attention to ouryouthful new tailored suits and dresses. They are smartstyles for the young folks of the city. Each garment iseloquently distinctive, each with youthful high w aist lineeffects, becomingly trimmed to enhance the beauty oftheir straightened style. They are models seen in FifthAvenue's most exclusive shops. They are made especially for the flapper and the ' 'sub-deb" and youngwomen who desire to look youthfully attractive. Thevalues are exceptional.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.wmmmmnmmwfwrwmmswmmmmiwtmmmmmPARISGAS&ELECTRICCO.(Incorporated)Paris, Kentucky jILLUMINATINGFirst 100 K. W. Hrs. Used 12c per K. W.Next 100" 100' 100" 100100-lie10c. 9c. 8c. 7c6 cts. per K. W.will be allowed ifAbillAll in excess of above,Discount of l-2c ner K. W.is paid on or before 10th of month. Minimumbill $1.00.POWER1st 100 K. W. or fraction 10c per K. W.2nd 100 " " ' 9c "3rdl00 " " " 8c "4th 100 " " " 7c "NextlCO " " " 6c " "All in excess of above. 5 cts. per K. W. ADiscount of l-2c per K. W. will beallow.ed Jf billis paid on or before 10th of month. Minimum bill$2.00 per month for 1st H. P.-jof motor installationand 75c per month for each additional H. P.Over 5&0K. W.First 500 K. W., net 6cperK. W,Next 2,500 " " 4c "44 10,000 " " 21-2c "Minimum bill $2.00 per month for 1st H. P. ofmotor installation and' 75c per month for eachadditional H. P.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys.To cure the pains andaches, to remove the lameness when it arisesfrom. -weakened kidneys, you mustreach the cause the kidneys. Ifyou have pain through the small ofyour back, urinary disorders, headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervousand depressed, start treating thekidneys with a tested kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. "Rankin, grocer, Lillistonavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills off andon for years and have been greatlybenefited. At times I have suffered,severely with kidney complaint. My.back often pained me and was lamemost all the time. The kidney secretions were too frequent in passageand greatly annoyed me. Whenever1 have been this way, ar box of Doan'sKidney Pills has never failed to cureme of the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)- 1KB 1ft ?S "SHEEP TOKEEP AMERICANSPUR.INNow is the Time to BuyCOLUMBIAOil & Gas Co. StockIn far away Bokhara, a town anddistrict in Asiatic Russia that has ahalf-mystical sound to Americanears "Persian" lambs have beengrown for ages for the tightly curled,lustrous-black fleeces that constitutethe warm covering of the natives,says Robert M. Moulton in the MarchPopular Mechanics Magazine. Andso the fashion of wearing: Persianlamb and astrakhan has come downfrom the ages until women in allcivilized lands where the wintersare cold seek their warmth, andfashio-n's decree has made them inpopular that the cost of Persianlamb has gone up 142 per cent, in15 years.It must have been, instinct itcould not have been foreknowledgethat a world war would curtail commerce that made an American dccide a few years ago to try breedingthe sort of sheep that bear thehighly prized fleeces, on "his 1,900acre ranch near Cottonwood Falls,Kansas. He reasoned that if theycould be bred in Asia, they could bebred in Kansas, and so thoroughlydid he believe in the propositionthat he invested $35,000 in karakulsheep -from Bokhara. These hecrossed with -native Lincoln-bredsheep, and the lambs of this crossbear the valuable pelts that hithertohave been imported almost exclusively from Russia.LDrilling rigs will soon be working on our properties and making dividends for our stockholders.The time to make money in a company is between its incorporation and the payment of the first dividend. In the early part therisk is greatest, therefore the stock is usually low. As the companyprogresses, the stock advances. When dividends commence thestock usually sells at par, and many times above par depending onthe values back of the stock and prospective future earnings.THE COLUMBIA OIL & GAS COMPANY has progressedfar beyond the speculative stage with its propeaties so well provenup, it is reaching into,' and we hope will soon enter, the dividendperiod. Therefore, this is the logical time to buy stock; to makethe safest investment, and the most money. When the first dividendis declared you cannot buy stock at the present price if at all.IiIiiJ ' .A.m j.i .Come in with us now wehigher prices.are on the road to dividends, andWrite us to-day for full information we will cheerfully answerany question to your full satisfaction. It is our business to do this;as we are the Fiscal Agents of the Company,N ..,We sell stock in large or small amounts, to suit the buyen 'D. FARLEY & CO.jus404 Courier-Journal Bldg.. - 3iV)3: . , ;Fiscal Agents .LOUISVILLE, KY.'i-fli h)rpnftmnfT .itoFfK .5 "5TT H .A V i IWIWnvVmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Kt.iifiiiora"TvirnrFRIDAY, MARCH 15, 11.J!fevW'&TTTB.TPT STAMP CAMPAIGN INFULL BLAST.The campaign for the sale of ThriftStamps in the city and county is infull blast, a,nd promises to be oneof material benefit to those engagedin this effort to help swell the Nation's resources. A house-to-housecanvass of the city is to be one of themain features.Twenty-one farmers and businessmen of Paris and Bourbon countylia-ve gone the limit in the campaignand have made large purchases of theWar Savings Stamps. The total salesto date are considerably above the$30,000 mark.In order to get the work of thecampaign properly .systemitized thecity of Paris has been divided intodistricts, to be placed in charge oftwo workers, who will each havecharge of a corps of canvassers forfhft Tiiirchase of the stamps. Theteams and the districts to whichthey have been assigned are as follows: Main street, Second to Fifth, D. C.Parrish and B. A. Frank; Fifth toEighth streets, John F. Davis and J.A. Stern; Eighth street to Twelfthstreet, Dr. L. Oberdorfer, M. J. Lavinand C. P. Cook; Twelfth to Sixteenthstreet, M. P. Collier, Harry Baldwinand William Shire; Sixteenth toTwentieth street; H. A. Power andJohn Christman; Pleasant street andcross streets to Main street, Secondto Eighth, A. B. Hancock and E. T.Hinton: Eighth to Thirteenth street,Dr. J. T. Vansant, W. G. McClintock)and Harry Linville; Winchesterstreet and He-nry Addition, RailroadCommittee; Duncan avenue, Vinestreet and Stoner avenue, WalterPayne, Thomas Kiser and JamesMcClure; High street and crossstreets to Main, court house toEighth street, W. 0. Hinto-n and C.B. Mitchell; Eighth street to Fourteenth street, Oscar Hinton andWithers Davis; Fourteenth to Sixteenth street, and Cypress street,Wm. Bryan and D. S. Henry; Seventhstreet to bridge, Higgins avenue andLilleston avenue, Professor T. A.Hendricks and Mayor E. B. January;Eighth street and Convent Heights,including Walker avenue, RobertShea and George Doyle; Secondstreet, Mt. Airy avenue, White Addition and Houston avenue, PearcePaton, Fay Ardery, J. M. Russelland J. M. Scott; East Paris, FrankM. Clay and M. J. Murphy.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.Friday Wallace Reid and Kathlyn Williams, in "The Thing WeLove," a .powerful patriotic picture,directed by Lou Tellegan; openingchapter of new serial, "The Eagle'sEye," by Wm. J. Flynn, formerChief of the U. S. Secret Service,with King Baggott and MargariteSnow in leading roles; Wm. S. Hart,in "A square Deal;" Mutt & J errcomedy, "A Dog's Life."Saturday Finnie Ward, in "Innocence," a Pathe feature, enthusiastically endorsed by the CincinnatiEnquirer; Christie comedy, "LocalColor;" Pathe Weekly News of Current Events.Monday Marguerite Clark, in another Sub-Deb story, "Bab's MatineeIdol," youv'e seen Bab's Diary?" Afunny Max Sennet comedy, "His Hidden Purpose," one of Sennett Studio'sfunniest.fe 5lREPORT OF BUCHANAN SALELETTER FROM A SOLDIER BOYIN THE SERVICE.Letters from the soldier boys in theservice are always welcome to THENEWS' columns. As a generalthing, they are encouraged by themilitary authorities, with the understanding that there shall be nothingpublished that will tend to hamperthe service or be of help to the enemy. But our boys do not writethat kind. THE NEWS is permkted to make the following extractsfrom a letter written recently bySergt. Lawrence James, now in theservice at Camp Bowie, Texas, to hismother, Mrs. Mol.lie James, of Paris:"Camp Bowie, Texas, March 2, 1918."Dear Mamma: Here comes oneof those ten minutes 'editions of piefor ten minutes is really more than 1am able to spare, considering thefact that I have to shave, and shinemy shoes all the same day. Ofcourse there are a few other thingsto do besides the. regular programfrom 5:30 a. m. to 9:30 p. m."Things are humming at CampBowie -now. Tuesday there was a divisional review of every soldier,horse, wagon, mule, caisson, truck,motorcycle here, in all 27,000 soldiers and as many of the abovenamed. The parade passed the reviewing stand in line of mass, andmeasured fifteen miles from head ofmass to the rear. It required fourand one-half hours for it to go by.Had the division been in column formation it would have been sixtymiles long. Some soldiers!"To the civilian it seemed so tremendous that it was overawing andto military observers it was a mostinspiring sight. I had a chance toobserve most of it and filled a notbook with criticisms, too, just forfun, and to discuss at our non-comschool the following night. The 143rdregiment was the first regiment to goby and the Machine Gun Companywas the thirteenth to go by, and atthat we had a great record. Ofcourse, the criticisms that could bemade were just minor details of infractions of regulations, and, as awhole, the division is in excellentshape, fit, I should say, for serviceoverseas. The main thing to be seenas each company passes was the linestraight as an arrow, each man instep, and stepping thirty inches,head erect, chest out, and full of con-,fidence, each rifle carried at the correct angle, and 'oh' boy,' the wayPARIS ASKED TO AID SOLDIERS'LIBRARY CAMPAIGN.The Kentucky Library Commissionis making an effort to collect 2,000,-000 additional books for camp libraries, and to that end is solicitingthe aid of the Public Libraries andlibrarians an over me &taie. in aletter to Miss Imogene Redmon, librarian of the Paris Public Library,Miss Fannie Rakson, of Frankfort,Secretary of the Commission, says:"In order to collect 2,000,000 additional books for camp libraries, theweek of March 18 to 25 has been setaside by librarians as Intensive BookCampaign Week. I sent your name tothe American War Committee so thatinstructions may go to you directWe are especially anxious that Kentucky should do her part by responding heartily to the additionalcall for books, as the State fell about? 2 5,0 00 short in its contribution tothe War Liberty Fund."We feel that an urgent appealwill bring forth a hearty response, asthere are numberless books o-n theshelves of private libraries which theowners would willingly donate ifthey are approached properly..Please do your utmost to promotethe campign and let me hear fromyou immediately."The books which are wanted bythe Commission are as follows: Fiction Adventure; Western stories;Detective stories; Love stories of thebest sort; Stories of Business; Historical novels. Non-Fiction Military scenes; Aeroplanes; Engineering; Automobiles; Electricity; Mechanics; Horses; Drawing; Agriculture; Business; Books on the war(especially tales from the trenches) ;Wireless telegraphy and telephony;Arithmetic; Algebra; Geometry, etc.;Letter writing (peisonal and business) ; Poetry, old and new; Biography; especially autobiography; Travel and history, especially of WesternEurope; French conversation books;Popular books in foreign language.They do not want out-of-datebooks on science or technology, norout-of-date text books; worn-outbooks of any kind; and they do notwant the kind of books that appealespecially to women.TWO NOTED SPEAKERS TO BEHERE MARCH 28TH.Arrangements havp. hppn mnrip nthey snapped into that eyes right, as iave Dr. Lyman Power, a noted orathey passed General Bribly and staff! tor, and thinker of New York City,RELIGIOUS.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney makesthe following report of the sale ofstock, etc., of Mr. Charles Buchanan,held on the Squire Barlow farm nearCenterville, in this county, Tuesday:Horses, ?84 to $200 per head; two-year-old mule, $69; cows, $58 to$100 per head; brood "sows, $28 to$58 a head; 50-pound shoats, $1-1each; corn, $9 per 'barrel; chickens,$1 each; roosters, $1.25 each; feathers, 52 cents per pound; householdgood and farming implements soldwell. The attendance was good,despite the threatening weather.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsJEIRE DESTROYS HEMP STORAGEHOUSE IN LEXINGTON.Fire completely destroyed thethree-story brick building and contents of the Nelson hemp storagehouse at the corner of Main andGrant streets Wednesday night,shortly after 11 o'clock. The estimated damage, it was said, wouldleach $25,000. The building contained large quantities of hackledhemp, corn and seed.The origin of the fire is unknownalthough it was said that it may haveoriginated from spontaneous combustion. Sa fe jqFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.EIRE DESTROYS MONTGOMERYCOUNTY HOME.Fire destroyed the home of WillisHenry, on the Grassy Lick pike,about three miles from Mt. Sterling,Wednesday. The family was sleeping"when the fire was discovered anddifficulty was experienced in rescuingsome members of the household. Allcontents of the building were burned. The loss, appioximately $4,000,was partially covered by insurance.The residence was a large two-storyIrame.The main thing of all to be seen was'Good Night Willie Hohenzollern.'"The papers call General Gribly'the grand old man,' but we call him,in an affectionate way, and meaningno disrespect whatever, 'Old Hellon-wheels,' and it fits him, too. If youdon't think so, try enlisting, showup on the drill field for a bit of drilland go to it in a half-hearted manner. He deserves a great deal ofcredit, for he has whipped the division into shape, while we were awfully handicapped by lack of equipment, sickness and bad weather."It can't be long before we're going over. All the officers say a monthor six weeks at the most, and everybody's anxious to go, for we wantour 'Hun' each, and we're afraidthere won't be enough left to goaround unless we get there soon."There's an aviator killed hereevery day on an average, though wedon't pay any attention to it, for itis all in the game. However, whenCapt. Vernon Castle fell, it threw acurtain of gloom over everything,for he was well-known and well-likedby one and all, and on account of hioprominence in American life, and ahigh ace in the flying game."I have a $100 Liberty Bond aboutpaid for, which will be enough tobuy me a civilian outfit when theKaiser is canned, and I won't loseany hair worrying about when thatwill be. Guess now my ten minutesis up, so, with love, I am,"LAWRENCE."Another of Mrs. James' sons, Cornelius (Buddy) James, writes herthat he has niade three round tripsacross the ocean, on a big shipguarding transports carrying soldiersand munitions of war to France, butof course, is not permitted to giveany details. He stated that he wasenjoying life, was in the very best ofhealth, and was well satisfied withlife in the navy in every respect.(Since the above was placed intype Maj-Gen. Edwin St. JohnGrebly, who is referred to in theabove, has been relieved from command of the 36th (National GuardDivision) at Camp Bowie, dischargedfrom his commission in the NationalArmy, and assigned to other dutywith his regular army rank of Brigadier-General.)and Dr. Ernest Abbott, editor of theOutlook, one of the foremost publications of America, of which Rooseveltwas formerly associate editor, speaksat the Paris Opera House on Thursrday afternoon, March 28th, at 3o'clock.They have been secured for theoccasion through the efforts of H. H.Cherry, Piesident of the State Normal School, of Bowling Green, whowrites, "No two greater speakersever entered our Commonwealth.Their distinction, their careers, thegreat message which they bring to usjustify a cordial and enthusiastic reception and a great hearing. TheLeague to Enforce Peace, which has;ex-President Taft as its President, IsJdeeply interested, and we are seeming these men through the League'sinfluence."This is indeed an opportunity forParis and Bourbon county to heartwo of the greatest speakers thatever entered our Commonwealth, andno one should miss it.1 mNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.You are hereby notified to boilall water used for drinking or domestic purposes, whether it be fromhydrant, cistern, well or spring.This is important, and you will govern yourselres accordingly. 6By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf) Health Officer."EVEitYSTUDENT" FOR MARCHThe March number of "Everystudent," the Paris High School monthlypublication, is just off the press inTHE NEWS job rooms. This issue isfull of interesting contributions fromHigh School students, all showingdecided literary merit. Among themost notable contributions are thosefrom Norbert Friedman, who wasawarded first prize in the poetry contest for his poem, "Spring," and MissMabel Templin, who secured the second award, the subject of her poembeing "Somewhere In France."The editorial staff of Everystudem,together with the members of thefaculty, are making a determined effort to encourage development of theliterary spirit that is but a latentspark in the P. H. S. students.March "Everystudent" shows the result. It is bright and sparklingand full of snappy things, includingthe "joke" column, which is equalto that produced by some publications of far greater pretensions.fe fe jsaPURCHASE EXPORT CATTLEMr. John G. Redmon sold Saturdaya fine bunch of export cattle to theMargolen Sanitary Meat Market. Thisfirm will butcher these fine "corn-feds' for their large and increasingREMOVAL NOTICE.Dr. Vansant has moved his officesto the front rooms over the AlamoTheatre. Entrance on Fifth street.(12-2t)1 m leaNOTICE.TO SUBSCRIBERS OFFIRST LIBERTY LOAN.This Bank has just received Registered Bonds ofthe First Libeaty Loan andis now ready to deliver tosubscribers.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,Paris, Kentucky.(15mar-2t)LEGISLATURE EXTENDS SYMPATHY TO STRICKEN WINCHESTER.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meet Iat the home of Mrs. Newton Mitchell,on Duncan avenue, Monday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock. All the members areurged to be present.The Hopkinsville Kentuckiansays: "Rev. Ward Russell, pastor ofthe Christian churches at Pembrokeand Trenton, has resigned to takeeffect April 1. He will go to achurch in Bourbon county."The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet atthe court house Sunday evening at6:30. A special program has been arranged, which will be in charge ofMiss Elizabeth Crutcher's class..A series of services will be held.beginning to-night at 7:30 o'clock, inthe Masonic Temple, by Rev. E. O.Hobbs, evangelist. EvangelistHobbs assisted in a successful tentmeeting in Paris the past summer.Everybody invited to attend theseservices.The devotional topic for discussion at the meeting of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church nextSunday night will be "CommonForms of Intemperance and TheirRemedies." Miss Prances Hancockwill lead the discussion.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church, will meet in theparlors of the church at 6:15 Sundayevening. The young people would liketo see many more of the older member in attendance. The subject willbe "The Art In Living With Others. " Leader, Miss Mattie Baldwin.At the Methodist church nextTuesday morning special services willbe held. The new service flag hasbeen received and will be placed inposition at the morning service withappropriate ceremonies. The publicis cordially invited to attend. Thepresence of relatives and friends of,the enlisted young men is especiallyrequested.Sunday, March 17, will be observed by the members of the Christian Endeavor Societies of the Southern States as "Dixie Endeavor Day."Special programs will be carried outin most of the societies, and specialefforts will be made to increase thenumber of societies and to add to themembership of those already organized.One Million dollars for ForeignMissions by April 20, will be the slogan of a campaign to be carried outby the members of the Southern Baptist church during the month ofApril, plans for which are alreadyunder way. The object of the campaign ih to secure this fund in addition to the regular gifts of thechurch to this work, as the war hasgreatly increased the cost of foreignmissionary work.At the instance of the FederalCouncil of the Churches of Christ inAmerica, the week preceding EasterSunday will be observed by thechurches of the United States as aweek of prayer. The council repreiehts more than thirty of the largerdenominations of the nation, and itasks that the pastors of the denominations take steps looking toward thenation-wide observance of the week.m m.EXCLUSIVE AGENCY FOR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.In a resolution offered by ClaudeM. Thomas, of Bourbon county, theHouse at Frankfort tendered unanimously by rising vote its sympathyto the people of Winchester in thesorrow brought to that communityby the disaster of last Saturdaynight, which was acknowledged hvI Representative John W. Swope in aleeiing speech.K m MCHAUFFEUR WANTED.Good place for an experiencedman. Reference as to character andability required. Call at BOURBONNEWS office, or call either phone124- (12-3t)- W PS mFRESH FISH TO-DAY.Fresh fish received to-day and to-morrow. We dress them free nfcharge. If you want the best, phoneus.MARGOLEN'S .SANITARY ..MEAT(12-2t) MARKETWe have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm and are made fromhome recipes by Ivirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafesand hotels, such as the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others.They are made at the home of Kirgan Bros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.(8-tf)For SaleA large, strong work horse; splendid driver; handsome, and city broke.Call on or address,(15-3t) DR. F. P. CAMPBELL.THE FAIRHERTIG RELEASED ON BOND.Wm. S. Hertig, of Paris, chargedwith cutting Wm. C. Powell, of Paris,in the back, arm and shoulder, during an argument in the L. & N. yardsat Maysville, waived examining trialwhen the case was called for a hearing. His attorney, Mr. StanleyReed, produced a power of attorneyfrom Mr. Ed. T. Hinton, of the J. T.Hinton Co., Paris, to act as bondsman. Hertig was released on abond of ?500, signed by Mr. Reeri-- ir. ... .. " . 'trade. If you -want a real sweet. tT- nmwn,s attorney-in-fact, forjuicy steak or roast, phone them " d-ppeamce oeiore the grand juryWALL PAPER.We offer a superb collection ofWall Papers of all descriptions, andwhait we haven't got you will beunable to find anywehere else intown. We sell Wall Paper cheaperthan any other dealer, because ofthe extraordinary valuable and closealliance with the largest Pall Papermills in the world. We pay no middleman's profit, therefore are ableto effect a saving for you.THE FAIRvnur nrdpr for n onf 'nf tYia ,, in the March, term of the Mason Cirkilled, home-raised, corn-fed stock. ?,uit. Court .FertiS returned to(12-21) aris. accompanied hy his family.- -: fePUBLIC SALEOFLarge StableI will sell at public auction, onSaturday, March 23, 1918.at 2 o'clock, the large frame stablein the rear of my home on Pleasantstreet. This stable is 24x36 feet andhas three large stalls, has tongue andgroove floored loft; shingles on roofgood; galvanized guttering aroundbuilding; doors in good condition asis stable, which has always been keptpainted and is in first-class condition.Purchaser must remove said building from the premises by April 1..TERMS CashJOHN J. WILLIAMS,C15-2t) Paris, Ky.?FRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918'" .3NOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.POTATOES!Direct From Producer to ConsumerWhy pay retail prices? Will sell 2l2 bushels ormore fancy screened good quality potatoes for seed ortable use (specify which) price$1.30 PER BUSHELf. o. b. Lexington, Winchester, Georgetown or Versailles. Call or writeStanhope WiedemannParis, KentuckyWALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsSAUA'?'3sFRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.zimifrJCNVtatfwir&Kf OR THE BESTNOTHING EtSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 40pounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; gemination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)EXTRA SPECIAL.We have an extra special on asparagus. Come in and see us.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Ea pa EaPUBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLERESIDENCE.Recently we announced that theMisses Lutie and Winnie Williamshad listed with us for private saletheir handsome two-story brick residence at 820 Pleasant street. Wewish now to inform the public thatwe have been told to sell this finehome at public auction, on Saturday, March 23, 1918, at 11 o'clock,a. m.(15-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.TS fe P3BOURBON PARMER'S BARN SEALED BY GOVERNMENT AGENTThe Georgetown News publishesthe following in its news columns inTuesday's issue: "It is reported fromauthentic sources that a man by thename of Fitzgerald, of Jacksonville,Bourbon county, on having refused25 per barrel for old seed corn, wasvisited by a Government Agent a fewdays ago, and a United States seallock was put on his barn with ordersfor him to take notice and act accordingly." jn ?3 J53MARCH. THE MONTH OP BLOW.We think we've got something toblow about. Look over our line ofspring suits and you'll agree with us.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-E3 IS fe-HOUSE WANTED.To buy or rent; centrally located; 5 or 6rooms. PossessionGHARRY COLLINS.m i iSEND BOOKS TO THE SOLDIERSAND SAILORS.This is Book Drive Week all overthe United States in a campaign tosecure good reading matter for thesoldiers in the cantonments andcamps, and the sailors on the battleships and in the naval training stations at various places. Paris is going to do its share.Select from your libraries goodbooks in good condition. Wrap themup and mark them "Liberty WarService," and take them or sendthem to the Paris Public Libraryand give them to Miss Imogene Redmon, the librarian. They will be sentto the camp libraries in America and"over there."- 3 3 E3PULL LINE DRY GOODS ADDED ATPARIS RACKET STORE.We wish to announce to the publicthat we have added a full line ofdry goods to our regular stock andwould appreciate your inspection ofsame.PARIS RACKET STORE.H. B. Carr, Proprietor.(15mar-3t)W39 jr 15WE ARE READY.With our new spring hats. Stetsons in the new ppring shades-r$5and 6" J. W. DAVIS & CO.ts Ts fcaPARISIAN BENEPICIARYOP PAYETTE MAN'S WILL.The will of Charles Kastle wasprobated in the County Court at Lexington. After his just debts arpaid, the instrument directs that hisestate be apportioned among the following: ,Joseph H. Kastle, Rebecca Doeherer, of Paris, Lillie Maddox, formerly of Paris, and a sister of Missr,j,T.QT- Tncpnii TToeinsr. WilliamHoeing, John Yellman, Rose Walby.Mary Hicks and to Lillie and Thos.Appleman. John H. Kastle is appointed executor of the will.is m isINCOME TAX BLANKS.Returns for income taxesmust be filed with theCollector before April 1,1918. We can supplyblanks and will be gladto help you make your returns. wl,fT.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,Paris, Kentucky.(15mar-2t)BOOKS NEEDED BY THE SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.Look over your shelves and pickvio VinnVc vnn fire coins: to send4o the men in khaki. Select thebooks you enjoyed, but will probablynever read again. Choose some youwould like to keep. Others will likethem, too. Men like stories of adventure Western stories, detectivestories, biography, history, travel,and poetry of all kinds. War booksmilitary manuals and up-to-datotechnical books are in great demand.Wrap them up and label the package "Liberty War Service, AmericanLibrary Association." Send thepackages to Miss Imogene Redmon,Tjuon "Pnri Public Library, orMr. Wallace Steele, of Kansas,is the guest of relaties in Paris.Mr. land Mrs. Clam Barnett havejemoved from their farm in Spencercounty to their residence on Houstonavenue, in this city.Miss Charlotte Henry has returned to Georgetown College after avisit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs. D.S. Henry, on Cypress street.Mrs. Pearl Campbell and littledaughter, Miss Mildred, have returned from a three-weeks' visit tofriends in Owingsville.The Richmond Register says:"Mrs. John L. Penn, of Paris, is aguest of her daughter, Mrs. John M.Cockrell, near Waco, this county."Miss Irene Bramblette has returned to her school duties at Danville, after a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Bramblette, inthis city.Mrs. E. C. Fox and Mrs. S. ClayBoone have returned to Winchester,after a visit to Dr. W .C. Wilkerson,who continues quite ill at his apartments in this city.Mr. Louis Ray, son of Mr. andMrs. Swiney Ray, of Paris, who hasbeen seriously ill for several weeksin the Deaconness Hospital, in Cincinnati, is improving.Mr. Wm. W. Dudley is taking avacation after a long and faithfulservice, and is visiting his sister, Mrs.F. W. Shackleford, and his aunt,Miss Mattie Hite, on Fourth street,in Cincinnati.Mr. C. T. Stone, who resides atthe corner of Walker avenue andEighth street, has been removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, suffering from an attack oftyphoid fever.Mrs. Bennett Thomas, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, has beenremoved from the institution to thehome of Mr. and Mrs. DouglasThomas, in East Paris.Cythiana Democrat: "Miss AnnaMae Ryan, of Carlisle, spent fromSaturday until Monday the guest ofher aunt, Mrs. Will Tucker. Sheleft Monday afternoon to spend several days with Mrs. John Connell, ofParis."Mr. and Mrs. David Feld anddaughter, Miss Ruth Feld, have returned from Cincinnati, where theywent to attend the funeral and burial of Mr. Feld's bi other, Mr. AbramFeld, who was one of the victims ofSaturday's disaster at Winchester.Lieut. Clay Ward, of Ft. Oglethrope, Ga., entertained a party ofarmy officers this week as guests ata house party at the honie of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward,near Paris. The party was composedof the following: Lieutenant Renick, of England; Lieutenant Brees, ofFrance; Lieutenant Scott, CaptainDobe, Lieutenant Boykin, LieutenantClay Ward, and other guests wereMr. Charlton Clay, Misses NeidaRasco and Lida Clay Ingels, of Lexington; Anita Thomas, of Frankfort;Elizabeth Steele, Martha Ferguson,Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig and Mrs.Aithur Hancock, of Paris. Themembers of the party were alsoguests of Mr. Charlton Clay, at hishome near Paris.Mrs. Francis P. Campbell isspending a week in Cincinnati, asguest of relatives.Mr. Edward Simms, of Houston,Texas, was a guest this week of hissister, Miss Lucy Simms, on Secondstreet.Mrs. Kate S. Wilson and daughters, Misses Anna and Catherine Wilson, Miss Katherine Marsh and Mr.and Mrs. Rudolph Davis are in Cincinnati, taking in "The Follies."Mr. and Mrs. Carter N. Martinleft yesterday for a two-weeks' stayat Indiana Mineral Springs. Mr. Martin, who has been a sufferer fromrheumatism, hopes to be benefited byhis stay at the Springs.(Other Personals on Page 3)REAL ESTATE DEALS. NMr. Joseph Stuart, formerly ofParis has purchased of Judy andWalton, of Lexington, a farm of 298acres located on the Paris and Maysville pike, in Fayette county, for$47,580, or $160 per acre.Mr. George Broderick purchased ofGeo. B. Leads, his farm of forty-nineacres, located on the Ruddles Millspike, near Paris, for $245 per acre,or a total of $12,000, for immediatepossession.Varden Shipp and J. R. Taylor, ofCJlintonville, sold to E. P. Gorham,of Clintonville, 145 acres of land located on the Clintonville and Chilesburg pike for a private price.Messrs. Shipp and Taylor recent!:'purchased the farm from Mr. JamesW. Ferguson, of Lexington, formerlya resident of Bourbon county.Among recent deeds lodged forrecord in the office of the FayetteCounty Clerk was one from G. Varden Shipp and J. R. Taylor, of Clintonville, conveying to E. P. Gorham,of the same vicinity 373 acres ofland on the Clintonville and Chilesburg pike, and 72 acres on theother side of the L. & N. railroad fora consideration of $43,008.16.Mr. Harry Simon sold- his handsome home, on Main street, at public auction yesterday afternoon, Mr.Jos. Connell being the purchaser. Mr.Connell paid $6,300 for the property.The home is a two-story frame ofeight rooms, with all modern conveniences, and situated on one of thebest residence streets in Paris. Mr.Simon will move to Lexington. Thesale was made by the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes, with Col.George D. Speakes as auctioneer.1 feEXCLUSIVE AGENCY FOR ARCADIA FARM PRODUCTS.We have secured the exclusiveagency for Bourbon county of the famous Arcadia Farm Products PeachButter, Apple Butter, StrawberryPreserves, Strawberry Jam and ChileSauce. These products are made onthe Arcadia Farm, and are made fromI home recipes by Kirgan Bros. Theyhave become famous for their goodqualities and excellent flavor. Theyare used at the most exclusive cafeand hotels, such as the Sinton, Gibson House, Seelbach and others. Theyare made at the home of KirginBros., in Ohio.WILMOTH & CO.,Exclusive Agents for Bourbon Co.(8-tf)'SgSggJfiTwostirringmarchesbySousa and his BandThey send the thrill of patriotism coursingthrough every fibre of your being!"U. S. Field Artillery March""" and "Liberty Loan March."t Victor double-faced Record 18430. Ten-inch, 75c"Lorraine" ?nd"Chimes of Noi-mandy"Songs of France that help weld us closerto our ally in a common bond of sympathy.Victor double-faced Record 45148. Ten-inch, 31.00Come in and hear these and otherNew Victor Records for MarchDaugherty Bros.Just Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select Lines123HARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryThe Big Cash SaleWhere You Get the Lowest Prices and the Best GoodsIs Still Going On, and Will Continue Until April lsi.Anticipate Your Needs.The Great Way Sagless SpringsAre in Our Saleatmr-7 fffullBu JjL "" m fHF V-JMS V 'feV mMjmEjmWixwwL 3H "" " "" l n nil n n VV-lat Jm JsPtHKjnfJ-fri rrl lj IiTjYl Ti!r VvxIjo Two tTtoPu U U ij 1 Q iQQQQOftQ M$ H.X. - Q QJlu o -jS jj.Try One for 60 Days; if it Don't Suit Send it BackMATTING RUGS9x12 Feet; Sale Price $460 look at the QualityIf we do not sell you Better Goods For Less Money 1we do not expect to sell you.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING'EITMERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.call Home 'phone 377, and they willbe cjjlt for..Li iUJjUs.xi!-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.t-rwjtrFRIDAY,2iMARCH IS, int.&'Xti2iil.UJTt f tyr-tjg-g-tylite- 4fvr -em-MAHPor little Folks'Milder Hiswhen the food disagrees, jthe playhas been too strenuous, pr the dreadedcolds are taking hold the housewifeof experience has a tried remedy athand. It has proved her helper formany years, and she knows its value.Peruna Tablets, Are AQuick Aid.They regulate the disturbed diges-lion, iree ine ovcwoaucu suuiuav-u,overcome the cold, remove the catarrhal conditions and rebuild the strength.Peruna Is A Reliable Family RemedyMffflIt has; proved that in innumerablehouseholds from Maine to California, and in foreign countries. Itis the chief reliance in the American home for all catarrhal troubleand wherever a tonic is needed, in convalescence and as a preventive.In tablet form it is ever -ready-to-talce,a real life insurance. If youhaven't used it in this form, get a boxtoday.THE PERUNA CjOMPANYColembus, OkloThe eggs produced in Petaluma,Cal., district, and shipped to marketor hatched by the hatcheries amountto fifteen or sixteen million dozen ayear, worth probably $4,000,000.MARGOLEN'SFancyVEALROASTSTo-DayMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketDISCOVERED COSTLY "JOKER" INTHE MERGER BILL.A provision which might cost thepeople of Kentucky $1,000,000 annually for the maintenance of countyboards of health was discovered inthe bill merging the State Board ofHealth, the Tuberculosis Commission,the Hotel Inspector and the PureFood and Drug Department, whichpassed the Senate several days ago.The bill as drawn and as it passedthe Senate authorizes county boardsof health to spend annually for itsassistants and other purposes "onehalf of one mill for each dollar ofthe assessed valuation" of thecounty.On the estimated assessment ofthe State of Kentucky, $2,000,000,000, this would mean an expenditureof $1,000,000.Incidently, the bill abolishes theoffice of health officer in Louisvilleand removes matters of public healthfrom under the supervision of theBoard of Public Safety. In lieu ofthe city health department, it provides for a city board of health ofsix members to be elected by the general council. The same provisionsapply also to second class cities.The bill further provides that incounties containing cities of the firstclass, the boards cf health may appoint one assistant for every tenthousand of population.Negotiations are still on with Japan in an effort to use Japanese tonnage for the transportation of troopsabroad.We are in favor of the non-sink-ableship.iiirTHIS IS THE CORN FOR KENTUCKYDouble Yield SeedCornA deep white grain on an extra small red cob.Shells out very heavy. Will average two ears tostalk, stands drouth well. Does not blow downeasily. Matures early. Germination tests show100 per cent. Will average 95 per cent. Highestyield this year, 122 bushels per acre. On our average land 50 to 75 bushels per acre. Field selected, hand nubbed and graded. Endorsed by ourbest farmers and experts.Only $6 Per BushelGermination GuaranteedFarmers, you have heard the cry off the nations, "Produce more corn." Youcannot grew but ene crop off corn a year, but you can grow two ears off cornn every stalk iff you will plant Double Yield Corn. Cultivation and seasonshave a great deal to do with production, but without proper seed your year'swork is lest.I Have Furnished Middle Tennessee Experiment Station Their 1918 Seed CornTake the first step in preparedness and order your supply off DoubleYieM Seed Corn today. I have only 2,000 bushels to sell. First come, firstserved. Cash with order. Shelled and sacked, F. O. B. Columbia, Tenn.Reference the three banks of Columbia. I can furnish Neat's PaymasteraJse at the same price.T. N. FIGUERS. Jr., P. O. Box 165, Columbia, Tenn.v.e?rNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingAND- APapering 1f--f.u&Let Us Make an Estimate for You "Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROSBIG OIL PUSHERS JXAILY OCCUR-RfefrCE IN TEXAS.In these days of oil and gas developments in Kentucky, with the attendant alternating hopes and fears,discouragements and encouragementsthe following from the Rocky Mountain Magazine may be of interest toParis people. The big well describedin one of the many owned by Mr. Ed.Simms, recently of Paris:"At last Goose Creek has come intoits own. The big stratum of oil whichoil men have declared lay at GooseCreek, far down below the first fevstrata touched by the drill in thatfield, has a$ last been found, .and thewildest prophecies s of the man whosaid that there was 'deep oil' atGoose Creek have come true."Simms-Sinclair No. 11 Sweet,which came in Friday afternoonmaking 500 barrels, has developedinto a well variously estimated from25,000 to 35,000 barrels. Old timerswho saw the well, men who were atSpindle Top in the days of the famous Lucas well, say that it is goodfor 35,000 barrels."Saturday morning the well wasunder control, pouring thousands ofbarrels of oil into the flow tankshastily thrown up for it. But about11 o'clock in the morning it cut itsconnections and began running wild.There was a strong south breezeblowing sand soon the spraying petroleum was drifting northward, oil covering the trees of the section northof the well, laying the dust on theroads and paths just as though agentle shower had fallen."The fire under the boilers in theSimms-Sinclair powerhouse nearbywere at once extinguished and thefires under all boilers north of andin the inimediate vicinity of the well."The other companies at GooseCreek at once volunteered their services in helping the Simms-Sinclairforce, directed by officers of E. P.Simms & Co., in the work of subduing the runaway gusher. Late Saturday evening the work had not beenaccomplished and the roar of the wellcould be heard for some distance, thtsharp 'clack, clack' of rocks from thebosom of the earth as they weiv.hurled against the top of the derrickbreaking the monotony of the notunmusical roar of the well. For bySaturday evening the strainer whichhad been set in the well had beencut out and a pile of sand had collected around the derrick as deep asfive feet in some places."The whole territory north of thewell was soaked in petroleum. GooseCreek housewives who Saturdaymorning hung out their washings todry were amazed to go out aboutnoon and find them sprinkled withpetroleum and the town of GooseCreek ?t least half a mile from thewell. The gusher could be seen eight:miles away on the Laporte road andthe drifting spray of oil looked likesmoke."The land immediately around thewell looked like a lake of oil. Mensoaked to the skin with petroleumwaded thigh-deep in some places andlay the lines through which the oilis to be pumped into storage tanks.A levee has been thrown up to holdthe oil and every effort that can bemade to save the precious fluid is being undertaken. For it must be remembered that if the well is making35,000 barrels of oil per day it isproducing at the rate of 1,560 barrelsper hour, which at $1.35 per barrelthe latest price at which GooseCreek crude has been contracted itis flowing better than $33 worth ofoil per minute, more than $1,900 perhour, about $42,250 per day, andmore than $1,400,000 per month ifit should hold up that long."However, with the amount otsand and rocks it was beginning toshow Saturday afternoon it is doubtful if it will flow for a very longperiod, as the chances of it chokingup are great."The well is 3,180 feet deep, andalthough it is not the first well to tapthe 3,060 feet sand, it is by far thebiggest, the second in size being theGulf Production Company's No. 4State land, which came in making12,000 barrels last Sunday, and it isstill holding up at that rate. TheGulf's well ran wild for a shorttime last Saturday, but is now undercontrol."A thing of peculiar interest regarding the Simms-Sinclair gusher isthat it is in the territory which hadbeen considered as 'drilled dry.' Thewell is located east of the road, nearthe Simms-Sinclair power plant, andin a section that has on it a largenumber of abandoned wells."-- ---- n- :gryifr.1sUiVrsr -n-TAKE "CASCAETS" IEHEADACHY, BILIOUSAND CONSTIPATEDBest For Liver and Bowels, BadBreath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.Get a 10-cent box.Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, head and nose clogged upwith a cold always trace this to torpid liver; delayed, fermenting foodin the bowels, or sour, gassy stomach. Poisonous .matter clogged in the intestines, instead of being cast out ofthe system is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reaches thedelicate brain tissue it causes congestion and that dull, throbbing, sickening headache.uascarets immediately cleanse the'stomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the exceso'bile from the liver and carry out allthe constipated waste matter and,poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret 'to-night " will " surelystraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a 10-cent hotirom your druggist means your headclear, stomach sweet and your liverand bowels regular for months.(adv)lBfi E5 faThe more publicity the Americangovernment uses in the war tho1quicker "and the better the rwar will.De over.t ffl PR PSlLloyd George came through another storm with his British government intact.SwiftsCompanyPublicityAt a recent hearing of the Federal Trad Commission therewa$ introduced correspondence taken from the private files ofSwift & Company, which showed that the Company had been considering for some time an educational advertising campaign.The need for this publicity has been apparent to us for several years. The gross misrepresentation to which we haverecently been subjected has convinced us that we should no longerdelay in putting before the public the basic facts of our business,relying on the fair-mindedness of the American people.The feeling against the American packer is based largely ontfye belief that the income and well-being of the producer andconsumer are adversely affected by the packers, operations,resulting in unreasonably large profits.Swift & Company's net profit is reasonable, and representsan insignificant factor in the cost of living.For the fiscal year 1917 the total sales and net profit of Swift& Company were as follows:. Sales ,$875,000,000. iProfit$34,650,000.This is equivalent to a $3,465. profit on a business of $87,500.If Swift & Company had made no profit at all, the cattle ralacrwould have received only one-eighth of a cent per pound more for hiscattle, or the consumer would have saved only one-quarter of a cent perpound on dressed beef:Swift & Company, U. S. A.n vCOLONEL BAIN PREDICTS HAPPYENDING OF WAR.Colonel George Bain addressed thestudents of the University of Kentucky, in chapel, recently, presentingan optimistic view of the outcome ofthe world war.Colonel Bain touched upon manydreadful happenings noted in his longlife. Among them he named a certain duel, the selling of slaves, extensive gambling and domestic andcivic conditions surrounding the lifeof the Mormons. He predicted thatout of the world war would come agreat merchant marine and aeroplaneservice, fully developed cotton industry and domestic manufactory ofdyes,' destruction of the social wailbetween the fashionable 400 and thecommon 4000, and said, incidently,that President Wilson's old hat willbe worth more in the future than theKaiser's helmet. In conclusion, thespeaker said that after the war "democracy will come over the hill, carrying wounded autocracy in itsarms."The German peace idea seems tobe weakened by a fondness for bearTortoises and Water.Tortoises in tropical Islands reqnirS'much fresh water for drinking andhave often discovered springs of whichthe human inhabitants were ignorantWhen such a fountain is .found thewhole surrounding district is soon cotered by "tortoise roads" made by thesilarge creatures in their journeys toand from the water.A man- who is too stingy tojghelpan unfortunate brother is -on. a fairroad to we will leave it to you tosay where.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYBreaks All Records of Any Marketor Warehouse in the StateWhen It Sold Tuesday, March 5th, 100,325 Pounds of Tobacco for $44,055.85A Floor Average of $43.91A Crop of 2,550 Pounds Belonging to Thomason, Burris & Hinkston for anAverage of $58.40And Sold the Highest Priced Basket of the Season at$78.00 Per Hundred PoundsBaskets in the Thomas, Burris & Hinkston crop sold as follows:115 pounds $52.50; 220 pounds $55.50; 175 pounds $60.00; 210 pounds $54.50; 200 pounds$54.50; 210 pounds $60.00; 175 pounds $78.00; 60 pounds $77.00; 200 pounds $58,00; 125pounds $60.00; 290 pounds $58.50; 205 pounds $60.00; 170 pounds $50.50; 80 pounds $47.00;115 pounds $54.50.Other Crop Averages in This Sale Were:Young & Robinson4525 pounds, averaged $54,06Plummer, McClure & Jones1975 pounds, averaged.... 50.24Plummer, McClure & Vimont1975 pounds, averaged .... 47.84 .Thomason, Brrjs & Fleming T3255' ptfundslaveraged 47.54Plummer, McClure & Frederick3580 pounds, averaged 4-3 .87Thomason, Burris & Wagner1890 pounds, averaged.... 48.12 1Thomason, Burris & Wagner5330 pounds, averaged $47.00Jones & Mason1340 pounds, averaged 45.82J. W. Young, Jr.3930 pounds, averaged ... . 46.33Jacoby.& Grajp7075 pounds, averaged 41 ,45Ewalt & Kenton4590 pounds, averaged'. . . . 38.90Clay&Neal2530 pounds, averaged.... 44.94The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.(IioontxatdL)PARIS, KENTUCKYf tMti Ji iVKV.ASV."S,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SSTBTFRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1918.I ' j1 5JI1b Wsq m--1. szmMMI WlJ IIII - Millfeggg- miiamlllli Ijl I AlwaysWelcome Sffi H "You little rascal played along the way, didn't you? Ill II III till II HiK$ C Kept grandma waiting! Oh well, it's all right. Because JJj I 1HB 1 ft&i BE BfllTT 9K BAKING POWDER 113 Irafl is always right. It's worth waiting for. Always wel- I lllll llllill I HJsH come. Never shirks its work. Never fails. Neve- II llllllll 1 HIf wastes minutes or materials and I know it's pure and i ill II IISIlll MEK rl wholesome, as Calumet contains only such ingredients l ill I 1131)11 K5Bl as have been approved officially by the U. S. Food il 111 lift MljSpiil Authorities." J IjlljijcffAf &B' CKB Yu savs when you buy it you save when you us3 it. wffj Illl 0PI HIGHEST 2sSS iJJiJJMEw9 QiHB7flflM0s !EDOETGS 0? THE IiEGISLACTJilEBefore passing the bill of SenatorHon to appropriate $10,000 to theBureau of Agriculture for Extensionwork, the Senate went into a Committee of the Whole to hear Commissioner of Agriculture Cohen on thebill and also the measure appropriating $28,000 to eradicate communicable diseases among livestock.Representative Billy Klair, of Lexington, has succeeded in his firststep to secure relief to the consumers of natural gas in Kentucky, fromthe suffering they have endured thepast winter. The Committee on Municipalities in the House has decidedto recommend favorably the KlairCombs bill which places certain restrictions and regulations an naturalgas companies.The bill of Senator Thompson providing for the oiling of streets infifth-class cities, amended to apply tofourth and sixth-classes was passed29 to 3. An amendment providingthat the taxpayers pay two-thirdsand the city one-third of the expense of oiling the streets was rejected. Senator Richardson's bill to provide that staff officers of the Kentucky National Guard shall have hadprevious military experience, passed28 to 0 without amendment or debate. Five bills were passed by the Senate, included in the number beingthe Taylor-Bona act to abolish theoffice of Assessor and create theCounty Tax Commission. Consideration of this measure took up a goodpart of the day, numerous amendments having been offered, some toperfect the bill and others to changecertain provisions of it. After consideration at both the morning andafternoon session the bill was passed6V) I.O JL, OOuatui j. iiuiuyaun aBLmtothe dissenting vote.The County Tax Commission is tobe elected in the same manner 'asnow prescribed by law for the election of Assessor. Before any person's name can be placed on the ballot at a primary or regular electionas a candidate for County Commissioner, he must hold a certificatefrom the State Tax Commissionshowing that he has been examinedby them and qualified for the office.BltiSgiEa) H-A$fcfv:? &eSProof that Some Women,do Avoicl OperationsMrso Etta Dorion, of Ogdensburg, Wis., says:"I suffered from female troubles which caused piercing painslike a knife through my back and side. I finally lost all mystrength so I had to go to bed. The doctor advised an .operationbut I would not listen to it. I thought of what' I had read aboutLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and tried it. The firstbottle brought great relief and six bottles have entirely cured me.All women who have female trouble of any kind should tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."' &V's.v.:;--How Mrs. Boyd Avoided an Operation.Canton, Ohio. "I suffered from a female trouble whichcaused me much sunermg, ana two doctors aeciaea tnatI would have to go througn an operation oeiore x couiaget well."My mother, who had been helped by Lydia E. Pinkham's v egetanie uompouna, aavisea me io wry iu ue-iore submitting to an operation, it relieved meirommy trouuies so i can uu my iiuuae wuia. wnuumaujdifficulty. I advise any woman wno is amicxea wilufemale troubles to give .Lyaia;. nnKnams v egetable Compound a trial and it will do as muchfor them." Mrs. marie xsoyd, izi otn d., iN. E Canton, Ohio. I'Every Sick Woman Sho&fdWryLYDIA E.PINKHAMSVEGETABLEBefore Submitting To An Operation)LYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.DRAFT OP 1.000,000 MEN TO PILLOUR ARMY.is isa TsGIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRTJPF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRHair Stops Falling Out and GelsThick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.THOUSANDS APPLY FOR CLERICAL JOBS IN WASHINGTON.That American men and womenare eager to accept every opportunityto help in the nation's greatest undertaking is evidenced by the respon-.Fes received to the announcement ofthe United States Civil Service Commission of the need for generalclerks. The Commission sent out acall for clerks to be employed in thedepartments in Washington, andJanuary 5, February 9 and March9 were set as examination dates.About 35,000 persons applied for admission to these examinations. Alarge percentage of the applicationscame from persons whose sole purpose in seeking Government employment was to help keep the war machine moving.. This prompt tnd heavylesponse has made it unnecessary tohold further examinations for general clerk in the near future. Examinations for stenographers and typewriters and for clerks trained in certain special or technical lines arestill being held.The most pressing need of theGovernment service in Washingtonright now is for larger number ofwell qualified stenographers. TheCivil Service Commission urges persons who are equipped to pass thestenography part of the examinationto apply at once. Examinations ar3held at least once a week in 450 principal cities. Definite informationand application blanks may be obtain from representatives of the Civil Service Commission at postoffices.-mmTRY THIS FOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.(adv. March)One hundred hens to the farm andone hundred eggs per hen is the newslogan for the farmers. This will beall right if the hens learn the slogan.laiaiaTtnrh sides are ready for the bigdrive says a newspaperWell, if it must be, it must.ia Pi isheadline.FOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's , Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of timeand can be depended upon.(adv. March)I MEGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KVIHI Iff'lf IRightWhen you. go out to make a call; in personyou alwaysassure yourself ofthecright address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number. ,The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory-and thenlisten caref ully when the operator repeats back toyouthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.rfans Home leiepnone a iHrcynp uu.(Incorporated)J.J.VEATCH, W-H-C2&McetYour hair becomes light, wavy,Duffy, abundant and appears as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse.' Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,takinsr one small strand' "at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afew moments you have double thebeauty of your hair.Besides beautif j ing the hair atonce. Danderine dissolves every partide of dandruff; cleanses, purifiesinvigorates the scalp, forever stopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you most willbe after a few weeks' use when youwill actually see new hair fine anddowny at first yes but really newhair growing all over the scalp. Ifyou care for pretty, soft hair and lotsnf it. surelv set a small bottle ofKnowlton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fevcents. (adv)lea )a teiTHREE WAYS TO PLANT CORN.(Frankfort State Journal.)There are three ways of plantingcorn. One way is to plant the required number of grains and replantif a full "stand" does not appear.The other way is to plant more thanen ou eh and thin where there are toomany stalks in a hill. The third wayis to make a rigid test of seed cornand plant as many grains of corn asthe stalks you desire to grow.Replanting missing "hills" produces late corn which is shaded bythe larger stalks and does little goodIt is better to replant the entire cropthan to do any extensive replantingof single hills. Either method requires labor, and time, iseitner islikely to get first class results. Wherethere is plenty of labor and only asmall crop of corn thinning does verywell, but testing is the wiser course.Between now and corn planting timethe farmers have ample time to testtheir corn by any of several simplemethods. A number of grains, fromselected ears, those from one ear keptseparate from those from anotherear, put in a sack and buried in stable manure where the warmth willcause the live grains to sprout is better than no test. It is an old fashioned farm plan of the pre-scientific,but not always ineffectual period ofagriculture. Gov. Stanley's proclamation as to testing seed corn is atocsin sounded against Germany, anda move in behalf of your own pocketbook, Mr. Farmer.Test seed corn, without fail, andgrow a crop without failurejThere is more Catarrati in this section of the courtxy than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional treatment... Hall's'Catarrh Medicine, manufactured byF. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the Systemfirm TTimdrprl Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that Hall'3Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.! Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.While a- large number of men willbe called out during the present yearto fill up the army and complete itsorganization, is was learned thatWar Department plans do not callfor the creation of any additionaldivisions in 1918. The announcement:concerning the second draft expected soon from Provost Marshal General Crowder may outline the mannerin which less than 1,000,000 menprobably not much in excess of 00,000 are to be summoned graduallyduring the year to complete the existing organizations.Delay in the announcement as tothe next draft is understood to bedue to uncertainty as to which method of allotting: auotas to the Statesis to be followed. The Senate already has passed and the House militnrv committee has favorably reported an amendment to 'the law tobase the quota on the numoer ot menin Class 1, instead of upon-the totalregistration of a State. This changeis regarded as certain to be made,but to avoid further delay schedulerL of allotment under both systems havebeen prepared at the provost Marshal General's office ready to go outas soon as final action is taken.m fe TSA MAN AND HIS WIFE- iiir !""'may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t 13 nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692BAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.When you have had a bad taste layour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. Youwill find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv. March)9I fe mLloyd George passed the buck tohis critics and they let his government be.fKENTUCKY OILEXCHANGEPhoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky.Phone 3871OIL STOCKS AND LEASESBOUGHT AND SOLD.Will .buy subjectSo. Oil of Lee CountySouthwestern OilComet OilCaddy OilMcCombs OilFederal OilOleum RefiningEureka Coal and MiningMonarch Vacuum Pet OilWe will sell subjectComet Oil $2-00Hoffman Oil, Ky., . . . . . 2.00Kenova Oil 30Pan American I00Crown Oil 90Bourbon Oil 65Republic Oil 75Cuihb. ;PTR 1-05"Barnett Oil & Gas 1.10rVfiniioVv.Wvnmlnff 50Monarch V. Pet 1.75Federal Oil 4.00Caddy Oil 5-50mar5-tfy 'x;nUltrasflff and pr,ertliH. at all brtT chick dU- f f AUfcWDiarrhoeaCwin Bros. Department Store$mntl ana main S. Paris, KentuckyReady For YouLARGE DISPLAY OFSilks, Poplins, DressGoods, Ginghams, Percales, Fancy Crepes, SilkGinghams, Etc., Etc.COME AND SEE3m& i Ji5Blyggftsee positivelypreventedor suteu, .-- . .by patting a or o oro uBwrboii Pwlinf Remedyflatter dv8.CWeeape.cholierekd.Todp'Wl coMS. A Kbottle Boaicearifno"it;clno. AtrareinrisTs wirnnnld. Poultry UoekFreThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS.& FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street'wmmvrwiTW w : hjtb wr afj y, j"-!Satisucliti is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and: experthelpers we are prepireS7to jdot, work .inferior tononej and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.3HOTWff.BMIiiaaMM,,l'',,',VV"'V''y'Soitrtewt Remedy Co., DefW, Lwdncton, KiC-vSfcLJgV..y - - -at r.-sV ..(adv. March)&iA1&M:;IIff.PAGE EIGHT'''JW'iMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1I1S.'tv)giiHHiinnnm it 14 iHtin ii i mil in 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.is?MJ:l"I"I"'I"I"I"I"I"Z"I"Il"I,II"I"lI"I"I"I"I"iil"I"l"I"H'4''ti-Hat public sale Tuesday afternoon. It. - was purchased by Mr. Nicholas Ran-,-tt,? kin for nis daughter, Mrs. R. T.MILLERSBURG i Murry, for $1,350.! Mesdames Mack Jones and Em-" mett Mastin have resigned their posi-tions as operators for the BourbonMr. G. W. Judy is remodeling Home Telephone Co., their resignais home. I tions to take effect April 1st.Mrs. America Butler is slightly Elder Joe Myers, who has ac-improved. j cepted the call as pastor of the Chris-Mrs. R. C. Borner was in Cin- tian church, as successor to Elder C.cranati, Tuesday and Wednesday. : 0. Cossaboom, will hold his first services sunaay morning and evening.Public cordially invited to hear him.Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. HurstreMesdames Ada. McClintock andM. E. Martin are somewhat im-'proved. IEld. C. O. Cossaboom, of Morgan, l turned Wednesday from Lexington,Ky., was here on a business mission, where they had been since SundayThursday. with their brother, Mr. Ollie Hurst,Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt werj whose wife was killed in an automo-an Cincinnati on business Wednesday; bile accident Sunday evening:, andand Thursday.Regular meeting of Amity"-Lodge No. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday.evening at 7:30 o'clock.:Mrs. Martha Vimont left yester- day for a visit to her daughter, Mrs."W- A. Munzing, in Maysville.Mrs. Matt Walton, of Lexington,-arrived Monday as the guest of hermother, Mrs. Neppie Rigdo-n.Mrs. Bishop Delaney, of Paris,-'-was the guest of her parents, Mr.. .ami Mrs. Joe Williams, Tuesday.Mr. V. L. Barton is installing a"bath room in his home and makingother convenient improvementswas interred from the home of Mr.Gorman, brother-in-law of Mr. Hurst,Tuesday afternoon.IBl M 1DEATHS.MORAN.Mrs. Mary Dclvin Moran, age!eighty, died at her home in Scottcounty Saturday, after a long illness . Mrs. Moran was the mother" I e Tir..,, tv.-i, t ij i ivMr. Bert Fryman and family " t,i10: illV' V"u ieiues on oouui""hare moved from the property of'Mr. Philip Mahar, to the country.The colored Baptist church was- struck by lightning early Wednesdaymorning, but little damage was done.-At the Layman's meeting heldin the Presbyterian church Wednesday evening over ? 1,3 00 was raised.Mr. W. G. McClintock and family, of Paris, were guests of hisTnoUier, Mrs. Ada McClintock, -Sun-day.Mary Scudder, a respected colored woman of Milleisburg, died at her'home here Wednesday afternoon, af-"ter a long illness.Presiding Elder Oney, of Lexington, and Presiding Elder J. D.'Kedd were entertained Thursday, bytRer. and Mrs. J. W. Gardner.'- Messrs. H. J. Faith and J. ACumber have consolidated their barker shops, and began partnershipbusiness Tuesday, in the shop of Mr.Faith.A laymen's meeting was held atthe Presbyterian church Wednesdayevening. Considerable business wastransacted, and a good program wasrendered.The heirs of r.he late Mrs. Ara-"3)elle. Taylor sold her home on Tuesday, to Esq. A. C. Ball for $6,100.Mr, Ball will not occupy the homelintil fall.Miss Mabel Todd and Miss Marian Merriwether, have returned toschool duties at Millersburg College'after a visit to relatives and friendsin. Winchester.Cadet Rutherford, who is quiteill at the M. M. I., is somewhat improved. His brother. Dr. Rutherford,- of Virginia, was with him Tuesdayaad Wednesday.Mr. Joe Williams sold his homeMam street, in this city. She is survived by four sons and severaldaughters. The remains were interred in the Georgetown Cemetery,Monday morning.jlA New Spring HatFor25 Centsj 'lbu can color your straw hat:freh and dainty withC0L0RITE!Ja.most every shade, or you canfCtfor your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.JJBrooks&SnappDrugCo.Choe'46415 Main St.LAURANCE.Karl Lawrence, infant son ofMr. and Mrs. Henry Lawrence, diedat the Massie Memorial Hospitalyesterday morning, after a short illness of pneumonia. The body of theinfant was removed to the home ofMrs. Lawrence's sister, on Railroadstreet. The funeral will take place atten o'clock this Friday) morning,with services conducted by Rev. Geo.B. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church. The body will be takento Nicholas county for interment.ROGERS.The funeral of Mrs. JosephineRogers, who died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. W. I. Dorsey, in Carlisle, was held at the Dorsey residence in that city, Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The interment followed on the family lot inthe Carlisle Cemetery.Mrs. Rogers had been in poorhealth for several months. She wasthe widow of the late Mr. SamuelRigers, who was one of Nicholascounty's weathy and prominent citizens. She is survived by two sons,Mr. Samuel Rogers and Mr. JamesRogers, and three daughters, Mrs. C.U. Bramblette, Mrs. W. I. Dorsey andMrs. Dorsey McClure, whose husbandwas a former resident of Paris.c2KSSf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, March 16thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one adtti:5ion, plus the war tax.Jesse L. Lasky PresentsWallace Reid and Kathlyn WilliamsIN"The Thing We Love"founded on the story by H. B, and M. G.Daniel. Directed by Lou Tellegan. Apowerful patriotic picture.Opening chapter of the wonderful serial, "The Eagle's Eye," by Wra. J. Flynn,recently chief of the U. S. Secret Service.Also a Wm. S. Hart picture and a comedy.Saturday, March 16thFannie WardIN66INNOCENCE99A Pathe feature in five parts. Enthusiastically commended by the Cincinnati Enquirer.A Christie Comedy"LOCAL COLOR"andPathe Weekly News of Current Events.Monday, March 18thAdolph Zukor PresentsMarguerite Clarke"Bab's Matinee Idol"One of the famous Sub-Deb Stories,Mary Roberts Rinehart.byA screamingly funny Max Sennett Comedy"MIS HIDDEN PURPOSE"one of the funniest ever turned out fromthe Sennett Studios.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.Alberta home, at ten o'clock this(Friday) morning with services conducted by Rev. Dr. Cummins, of Winchester. The burial will follow onthe family lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The pall-bearers will be Samuel L.Haley, Ambrose Haley, Alberti Haley,Eugene Haley, Carrol Haley and Dr.C. G. Stephenson.Mrs. Alberti was a widow of J. L.B. Alberti, and had spent the greaterpart of her long and useful life onthe place near Lexington where shedied. She was a sister of Mr. Chas.Carroll Leer, of near Paris, and wasthe mother of Prof. Charles Alberti,who died about twenty years ago.Besides her brother, Mr. Leer, ofParis, she is survived by one daughter, Mrs. Nannie K. Haley, of nearLexington, and the following grandchildren: Mrs. Charles G. Stephenson, Samuel Martin, Ambrose Alberti,E-ngene Haley, Carroll Haley, andfour greatgrandchidlren, Nancy W.,Ambrose, Haley and Charles Stephenson, Jr., and Frances SummersHaley, Jr.Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Leer, Mr.Courtland Leer and Miss CarrollLeer, of Paris, will attend the funeral at Lexington this morning.ts fe P3MATRIMONIAL.WILLIAMS YARNELLMiss Esther Williams, daughterof Perry Williams, and Jefferson Yarnell, son of Lenn Yarnell, were married in Cynthiana. Both parties areresidents of Paris. ""i ffT 153 l? " --DOINGS OF STATE SOLONS ATFRANKFORT.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Auctioneer George D. Speakersold at public sale for the Wood Livestock Sales Co., in Richmond, twenty-fivehead of draft mares at an average of ?225 per head.Maysville Independent: "Mr.W. D. Galbraith, of Mayslick, sold apair of coming three-year-old maiemule to Saunders & Martin, of Bourbon county, for $600.Mr. Harlan Rowe, of near Paris,purchased a pair of aged mules fromClark county parties for $675.McClintock & Caywood paid afancy price this week for six headof mules they purchased in Harrisoncounty.John Marr, of Millersburg, soldto Frank Collins, a pair of fancysix-year-old mare mules for $675.Mr. Marr also sold to Will Crump, ofSmith's Grove, JKy., a fine three-year-oldgray horse ,mule for $375, and apair of four-year-old mare mules for$700. He purchased of Jos. M. Hall,of Paris, a pair of fancy four-year-oldmules for $675, and of the Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co. a pair ofsix-year-old mules for $650.s?2" " BIRTHS. 3 410aTo the wife of Mr. David H.Hume, near Centerville, a son,christened Otis Clay Hume. Themother was formerly Miss MyrtleWood.use.j?or J?asiionableCorrespondenceYour friends judge you by the style of stationery youYour letter is a nersnnnl ptiw5 cording to fashion's latest dictatesmsal1s;ssLet it be dressed ac-If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be suresee ourfew Spring StationerytoIt includes all the latest conceits in shape, tint andtexture.Come in and see the line while it is complete,attractive numbers in our window show only a smallof the extensive line we now have iri stock.ThepartTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANYMAIN bIKttr KAKIb, KENTUCKY SleWMgWW tii $ WHflgSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.SHAWHAN.Mr. George Henry Shawhan, aged seventy, a former resident ofParis, died at his home in Chicago,after a long illness. The remainswere brought to Cynthiana and interred in the family lot in BattleGrove Cemetery.Mr. Shawhan was a son of the lateMaj. John Shawhan, who built andoperated the A. Keller distillery nearCynthiana, and was born and rearedin Harrison county. He spent a partof his life in Paris; where he conducted a pool and billiard room in thebuilding on Main street, now occupied by The Fair Store. Mr. Shawhanwill be well-remembered by the olderresidents of Paris.Mr. Shawhan is survived by onebrother, Mr. Dan Shawhan, of Certer county, and two sisters, Mrs. T.E. Moore, of Lexington, and Mrs.Margaret Fugate, of Latonia. Hissisters and their daughters came toCynthiana to attend theThe House passed 70 to 12 the billof Claude M. Thomas to preventsmoking in public dining roomswhich admit women as customers.and eleven other bills, most of them,of local importance to different sec-jtions of the State. It also passed 671to 8 Representative E. C. Hardin'stext book bill, which prohibits thechange of more than fifty per cent,of the books in the rural schools andin cities of the fifth and sixth classin any five year adoption period. Thebill gives the dealers 20 per cent,commission for handling the books.A delegation of women appearedbefore the Rules Committee of theHouse in behalf of the bill appropriating $50,000 for the Girls' ReformSchool when a farm shall have been!provided for its site.By the vote of 30 to 2 the Senatepassed the bill of Senator Whitakerto permit persons moving from onecounty to another four months before iprimary to vote if sixty days resident 'of the precinct.President Black signed the following enrolled Senate bills: To regulate advertisements of cures for vpt-eral diseases; to create KentuckyCouncil of Defense during the waHand to merge duties of Hotel Inspector, Food Inspector ond TuberculosisAnatole LeBraz, Brittany's famouspoet and author, made a distinct hit-with the Kentuckians who had thepleasure of hearing his address before a joint session of the GeneralAssembly when he compared his na-.tive province of France with Ken-lucky, told how Brittany and Kentucky were both horse producing'countries, and of the fact that hi:'wife was a Kentuckian. IAfter his address M. LeBraz wasintroduced to many of the membersand ladies in attendance by SenatorR. C. Simmons, of Covington. Amongthe gentlemen he met was Hon. C. M.Thomas, of Bourbon, who spent fourdelightful years in France as consul!at Marseilles.rotBigShipmentsIii iii Ii 7II ti j fII ill si fri.i- .- -41 3 1 it I64 -iV-iil . "- Jt . fit PI EOF14 T-iVW-'; -i.i'MsS&.vsjrTfWfiF:&!MIMPORTANT NOTICE TO BOURBON COUNTY FARMERSAfter making a careful survey ofthe State of , Kentucky, Dr. FredjMutchler, director of extension work'of the University of Kentucky, atLexington,' has been able to locate alimited' supply of .seed corn in thewestern part of the State. All people who are in need of seed corn canobtain same by communicating withDr. Mutchler at the University of1Kentucky, Lexington, Ky., by . telegraph, or long distance telephone.The supply is limited and, as we un-funeral. derstand the price is very reasona-ivir. oiiawnan naa Deen a resident of ble, it will require quick action toChicago for about thirty-five years, obtain this corn before it is bought(rnino- ThQpo fpnm Tt.ln TM .. 1 . i. n . . 11oy otner aiaxes in tne unionoing there from Fans. For severalyears he was a deputy sheriff of Cookcounty and gained a reputation as afearless and efficient officer.ALBERTI.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethAlberti, aged eighty-five, who died ather home on the Winchester pike,near Lexington, at 8:30 o'clock, Wednesday afternoon, will be held at theFRED M. SACKETT,Federal Food Commissioner For Kentucky. fa fc teFor its buildings all over the coun-try, its war ships, army posts and;light "houses the United States government every year buys enoughcoal to make a pile a mile square andten feet high. . . TStylish, High Gradeen's. Women'sand Children'sSpring FootwearArriving Daily!All the latest in Ladies' Beautiful Spring Boots and Oxfords,in grey, black, tan, rich brownand other leading shades.QUALITY AND STYLEAt Most Reasonable Prices!V&Last Week of Season's Clearance SaleRemarkable Shoe Values at Only a Fraction of Original Cost !DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign15:b,llnKT-AJAwCkIri..