'""tPVV'Vt -,i V5v.-t. "jOjt -. - r t "- ' rr bbV vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.1 YATHE"MHsM PA -M 'BBBsV BBBbV bb BNEWS!bUUKbUMVOLUME XXXVIIPRESIDENT SAYS HIS DUTY TOATTEND PEACE tiONPEBENCEla an address to Congress in jointsession yesterday President Wilsonformally announced his intention toL to Paris for the peace conferenceR Ja. flip allied rovpminputt wi5Sswcpu. i s" "j -"f"peace, ami it xa iua pttrtuuuuui auwto be present.The President said he will be inclose touch by cable and wireless andthat Congress will know all that he jdoes on the other side.No definite program of reconstruci. v i; r tw ttt,i,v-noiiwui uc uuuuraiuuw, u. nuwunvar Has wished to take my dear bespid. but as soon as the armistice was loved father, wim wnrvo nsigned, government control ot business and industry was released as faras possible.Much of the address was devoted tothe railroad problem, for which thePresident said he now had no solution to offer. He recommended careful study by Congress, saying it"vrould be a disservice to the countryand to the railroads to permit a return to old conditions under privatemanagement without modification.!Hie President declared he stoodj ,ready to release the railroads fromimv lifA hn.nap iv o Q ngovernment control wuencver a, satis-I J 1 T. Xi Ifactory plan, oi readjustment couldbs worked out.The President said he hoped to see3i formal declaration of peace bytreaty "by the time spring hascome."Declaring he had no "privatethought or purpose" in going toPrance, but that he regarded it as hishighest duty, the President added:eclt is now my duty to play my fullpart in making good what they(American soldiers) offered theirlife's blood to obtain."The new three-year naval buildingprogram was endorsed because,- thePresident said, it would be unwise toattempt to adjust the American program to a future world policy as yetdetermined.Paying tribute to the people's conduct in war, he spoke particularly of-the work of women and again appealed for woman suffrage by federalamendment.THE INFLUENZA SITUATIONEverybody naturally wants toknow how the influenza situation isin Paris. Inquiry yesterday of members-of-the-local Health Board elicited the information that there was"but little to report, that unconfirmedrumors had been in circulation as tothe number of new cases and thatthere was still no cause for alarmhere in the situation. Only one newcase was reported yesterday to CityHealth Officer A. H. Keller. The oldcases under treatment were all re--covering.Up to date there had beenm the city and county a total of1,321 cases, of which a small percenthad resulted fatally.Health Officer Ke'ller, when askedregarding the probable lifting of the'influenza ban in Paris, stated that it-was the desire of the Board ofHealth to oe absolutely fair and impartial, but that no definite statement could be given out. He saidthe people of Paris and the county. had hppn vp.rv -natient. and that theirco-operation and help in a sanitaryVay had been a very important factor in suppressing the influenza, andthe Board hoped this would continue.As soon as consistent with goodjudgment the ban would be lifted.Precaution is necessary, also patience. BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The case of Bourbon county ts. estate of the late Mr. P. J. Millett, mchich. the county sought to establishBourbon county as a legal residencefor Mr. Millett, was decided byJudge Rooert L.. Stout, in the Circuit Court, Friday, in favor of thecounty. , ,The decision affirms that renderedby the Bourbon County Court againstthe executors of the Millett estate,which affirmed that Bourbon countywas the legal home of Mr. P. J. Millett at the time of his death. Thist-:u AnMa Vta mimtv to collect atotal of $300,000, representing fiveyears' taxes on Mr. Millett's estate.Judge Stout heard the motion andgrounds for a new hearing m thecase of Oscar Johnson, charged withnurder, and set the case for a finalhearing at the March, 1919, term ofthe court.wi i mCHRISTMAS TURKEY' MARKETOPEN TO-DAY.The Christinas turkey market willopen to-day, when the local houseswill receive and slaughter the birdsfor the local and Eastern markets.The Thanksgiving season P1with a big supply of turkeys, said tohave been the finest as to qualityever shipped to the Eastern markets.The average vight was about 12pounds, and the price paid to thefarmers was about 25 cents a pound.Chas. S. Brent & Bro. announce inthis issue the opening of the market,continuing up'to and including December" 13.HSCAL COUET TO MEETW'The December term of the Bour-Hoa Fiscal Court will convene in theCounty Court room next Thursday,. fK transaction of bnsiaees. Asthai will probably be the,lastetinsfor the current..year one hhwu nmlikely oe a. very busy oae, -LETTEE EROM WAE ORPHAN TOI IfeiraACTOE' The following letter was receivedVe days ago by Mrs- Swift champParis, from a little French war25? mVif f1 she haf "adPted."The llttle Srl expressed her thanks?.a wrien letter, of whichivj - ae ionowmg is a translationBaulme la Roche,"22 October, 1918."Dear Benefactor:""I am going to thank you for yourkind money-order, which you havesent me, and which will be very helpful to my dear mamma, who has had: ., . xo.iom.5 me amce mej living.- .. w .twvu. vv UUL"Dear benefactor, I hope that youwill answer ;my letter for it bringsme.news of you. I wish with all myheart that my letter will find you ingood health."I leave you, dear benefactor, insending you all my love."Your little god-daughter."MARIE GODARD.""Dear Madam:"I add a few words to those of mylittle girl, in order to thank you also,for the good deed that you haveHnnfl T Trrill wnmnmUAtt v... -. 3X 11money, I find no one to aid me" ww-www -.,, J.U-WA-Ub UU6U J1.ingetting this, and life is very hard.I have my old mother in my -charge,who can do very little of anything."I leave you dear benefactor, insending all my regards.' "THE WIDOW GODARD."a Baulme la Roche, Ton, Mortaine,Cote Dz.". mi TSB T3!COLORED WOMAN SUICIDES WITHCARBOLIC ACID.Death presumably by her ownhand was the fate that overtook MayMoore, aged about thirty-six, a wellknown, colored vwoman. People passing by her home on High street,hearing groans, investigated, andfound the Moore woman lying on abed in her room, and an empty bottle that had contained carbolic acid,on the floor. Physicians were calledin, but despite their efforts, the woman died without regaining consciousness. There was no note orstatement of any kind to indicate theTeason for her act. She had been inbad health for some time.She was the,widow of Stave Moore,who for several years conducted alivery business in Paris. Moore dJedabout two years ago. An investigation of the case-was made by Coroner Rudolph Davis. The body wasinterredSunday in the Paris coloredcemeterylId j jmFORD SEDAN STOLEN OWNEROEEERS $50 REWARDI had stolen from me a Ford Sedan,motor number 1381580, Kentuckylicense number 101182, Gray & Davisself-starter, dome light, green linoleum running boards, trimmed withbrassy Dixie Shock Absorbers. Aboutthe middle of the back of the driver'sseat was a snag about one or twoinches in the upholstering which hasbeen repaired carefully.Expert thieves change license tagsand parts. Car may be found without dome light, with number chiseledoff engine or any other changes, butI believe the little snag in the backof the seat will not be noticed.Reward of $50.00 to be paid toone returning car.C. D. RODMAN,13th floor Starkes Building,(3-tf) liouisville, Ky.to to toPARIS MAN IN AUTO' ACCIDENTNEAR LEAlNCrTUfl.Julian Frank o'f Paris, and twocolored farm hands in his employ,had a narrow escape from death orserious injury Saturday afternoon,wnile returning from a trip to Lexington. They had just made the turnat "Dead Man's Curve," with Mr.Frank driving, when from some unknown cause, the machine swervedfrom the road and went over an embankment. Beyond a few bruises theoccupants escaped injury. . The machine was badly damaged.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtshpntEDAMAGES GEORGETOWNTENEMENT HOUSE.Fire of unknown origin, whichstated in the second floor of a tenement house belonging to Joseph E.Marks, in Georgetown, Ky., gut0 nut the northeast corner of the second story? The damageamounted to about $500 and was covered by insurance. fFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.ITRE DESTROYS IDNNEAPOLISMUNITIONS PLANT.The shell olant of the MinneapolisSteel & Machinery Company, at Min- fneapolis, Minn., was destroyed, oy nrewith a loss estimatea at $50&,000,fully covered by insurance. One manwas burned to death. It was believedthat the Are was not of an incindiaryorigin.REPORTOF BOARDMAN SALE' 4Thirty head of dairy cows belonging to the estate of the late J. U.Boardman, were sold at public auction .Saturday, at the barns on Scottavenue. The sale, was conauctea pyAuctioneer George DSpeakes. Thethirty head'avtragedlOO. . 'PARIS' BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1911mvEmTOMAm RADI-CAL CHANGES.The Senate Finance, Committeel-A- J . . . . . "' Z ---ww---iuv'cicu. AwviauMi ot tne war reve-; unurcnmil Downs, Douglas Pkrknue bill, designed to raise six billions thirteen and' Latonia twenty-threedollars m taxes in 1919 and about . spring racing-days by Kentucky Raeiour billion in 1920. The measure as ing Comjmission which organized Satvirtually re-written to meet changed urday. Johnson N. Camden, Wood'-wuiiuiwuus aiienamg tne end of .thewar, now goes to the nr inter an d wni -hp TCk-nnft-aA - l-v a x x-... .'-vw w mo otiUctLe mis weeK,probably on Thursday; IIn view of the expected delay,-Senateleaders and Treasury Departmentofficials alike are concerned over thquestion of collecting taxes nextyear as it is? now nrimmoH .o -.Xless the new law is enacted beforejan. i, collections must be madeun-aer tne present revemifi hillyield from which it only about fourbillions of dollars. Several expedients, including adoption of emergency legislation, incorporation ofsome of the features of the pendingbill, are under consideration. 'In completing the bill the FinanceCommittee adopted an amendmentestablishing new second class postage rates, effective when the revenue bill becomes a law. It provided"for repeal of the present graduatedzone rates on newspapers, jmagazinesand other periodicals and substitutesa rate of one cent per pound withinan area of 200 miles from mailingpoints and 1 cents a pound outside that area.The committee also adopted another amendment for restoration on)j my l, 1919, of the two cent awounce rate on letters and one cent on'post cards.Another amendment adopted andexpected to cause much debate in.poses a tax of ten per cent on products of child labor which are transported in interstate commerce."TROUBLE SHOOTERS". TO ATTEND PEACE CONFERENCEThe United States transportOrizaba sailed for Brest, Saturda,with nearly 500 newspaper correspondents from all parts of the country on their way to "cover" the coming peace conferences at Versailles.The party included several newspaper women and newspaper photographers; "The correspondents were given atwo day start on the George Washington, which is scheduled to leaveTuesday with President 'Wilson- andhis party because the Orizaba" is"a'slower boat. The George Washington is expected to overhaul the ,Orlzaba shortly before the arrival cBrest and a lively race for pftft fnticipated". to to aFOURTH LIBERTY LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)Do YourI WE "KNOW HOWShopping HowAnd Let Your Gift to HimBe Practical and Usefulv What is more appropriate or more appreciatedthan one of Mitchell & Blakemore'ft Suits or Overcoats? Handsome patterns and dependable cloth.STYLISH CLOTHESFOR YOUNG AND OLDClothes that are tailored and made by the best tailorsin the country Stein-Bloch and Michael-Stern make$25.00 to $60.00Many Other DesirableGifts You'll Find HereSMOKINfe JACKETSBATH ROBESSILK SHIRTS SILK HOSIERYBEAUTIFUL NECKWEARKNIT VESTS SWEATER COATSSILK AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFSGLOVES FUR CAPSHAND BAGS AND TRAVELING CASESMITCHELL &jj Dr. Reed's Ciubion Sole Shoes 2Z Manhattan Shirt jg neiuecon anoes1 'KENTUCKY KACING COMMISSIONALLOTS RACING DATES'.Lexington was allotted twelve; the- o--i lord county, was elected chairman r!S. C. Nimlrnis Tr Varaonioo Dnnr.x ,- , ' . ... 'tary, and Judge Allie Young, vice'president, with W. J. Abrams and'Thomas A. Combs present. JudgeYoung was absent.Charles F. Price, Louisville; J. OiKeene, Fayette county, and S. C.Nuckols, Jr., were appointed a corn-Tmittee hy Mr. Camden to revise the'racing rules.Kentucky Association, Lexington,April 24 to May 8; Churchill Downs,May 10 to 23; Douglas Park, May 24'to June 7; Latonia, June TOto July(5, all inclusive.It was said that by December 10the allotments for the various sumslor chapters of the Red Cross will bepaid the sum of $300,000 contributedby the racing associations, breeders,owners and employes.to to toSUIT TO CONSTRUE INHERITANCE TAX PROPOSED.Suit will be filed by V. O. Gilbert,Superintendent of Public Instruction,to have the Court" construe the lawgiving the school fund a proportionate part of the inheritance tax collected by this State. There is over.$200,000 in ttfe inheritance tax fund,,but State Auditor Greene believesthat the new tax laws made no provisions for the school fund sharingin this fund. Heretofore the schoolfund has received its proportionatepart of the inheritance tax. In 1916this apiounted to $70,000. If theschools are permitted to share in thefund", the school' fund will receivesomething like $10 0,00 a this yearfrojm this source.The suit will be filed through M.M. Logan, former Attorney Generalof the State, and later chairman ofthe State Tax Commission.to. s toCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,22f) 4 Florist Agent.'" - to JBOOTLEGGER GETS DESERTSIn Police Court, Saturday, JudgeErnest Martin ijmposed a fine of $50nnH nura a. -ial SOTltonce of twentVdays to Oscar Lee, colored. . chargedwith violating the local option lawsby bringing liquor Into local optionterritory for purposes of sale.ChristmasvIIIBLAKEMOREStetion HatKwmkizi flyHIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Corp. Malcolm Cox has returned toCamp Hancock, after spending: nartI of his furlough with relatives nearworth Middletown.Mr. Woodford Buckner, wfio hasbeen stationed at Camp Gordon, nearAtlanta, Ga,, has returned y Paris,having receive an honorable: discharge from the service.Mr. Harvey Rogers has returnedfrom Camp Lee, Va., where he hasfinished the three month's trainingcourse in the Officers' Reserve Training-corps.Mr. Rogers is prcraMythe first Bourbon county select toreceive an honorable discharge fromthe service since the conclusion ofthai armistice terms.Four sons of Mr. and Mrs. BenWoodford, of this county, are in theservice of the United States. BrooksWoodford, Scott Woodford and JohnWoodford are with the American Ex--(peditionary Forces in France, whileWm. Woodford is stationed at ParisIsland Navy Yard, at Paris, Island;South Carolina.Lieut: Eugene Elder, who is staa-tioned at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas, isat .home on a furlough visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. ElderuLieut. Elder was stationed for several'months at Camp Shelby, at Hatties-burg, Miss., where he was in the Signal Corps, and was transferred sometime ago to Ft. Leavenworth.Mrs. Clyde Huffman received aletter from the Base Hospital atSpartansburg, S. C, stating that hersister, Mrs. Milton J. Stern, who hadbeen suffering fropn influenza, which,later developed into pneumonia, issteadily improving, and would beable shortly to leave the hospital.Her husband, Lieut. M. J. Stern, isin the Medical Corps at Camp Wadsworth; near Spartansburg.Mr, Will Kenney Thomas has returned to his home near 'Hutchison,this- county, on a furlough He hasibeen in the aviation branch of theservice for a year, andis a graduateof the School of Aeronautics, at Cornell University, New York. Aftergraduation he was sent to Camp Dir,and., from there transferred, to EbenField", near LonokeT Al-lcr'wherexUrjreceived mstrctions in aviation work.Private -Wm. Boardman, returnedto his- home in North Middletown.?"". ""'" V-OP ouuitiy xay-Kff TK. Sefl?" SS."!:- -1 t.- j. ."nZZerX:1, nC;,","?.. ZZa '"Zumcia xioriuiug vcuiti oiiu j.' 1 alia.Tinder, Jr., of the TT. M. C. A. schoolat Campv Taylor, also returned home,having received honorable discharges. Mr.- Victor K. Dodge, of Lexington, received a telegram Saturday,notifying him that his nephew. Lieutenant Victor K. Blakely, had beenkilled in action in France on October 13. When war was declaredagainst Germany, Mr. Blakely, being1onljr twenty years of age, volunteeredas a private, and won his commissionas a lieutenant only about iwoweeks before his death. He was ason of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. G. Blakely,of Topeka, and a grandson of theTate JVIr. and Mrs. David M. Dodge,and a nephew of Mr. James L. Dodge;,of this county.Mr. W. B. Tinsley, formerly connected with the Paris Gas & ElectricCompany, writes THE NEWS fromFrance, stating that he. had beenthere over a month and that he wasgetting to be quite a veteran.'" Mr.Tinsley stated that he had a pleasant trip over on the transport, didnot encounter any bad weather, anddid not get' seasick. He wrote ofmeeting Clark Wilson, of Paris, Ky.,(n Paris, France, about three weeksago, and that he was looking well.He said Clark did not know wherehe would be sent' from there, norwhat branch of the service he would5" S.' ," Mr' , "lu"CU-oVQC;?e 1friends, and sent his regards- to "allof them.After an absence of-several years,during which tipie he had' been engaged in various business enterprisesthroughout different parts of thecountry, Private John Lytle was aguest of his parents,, Mr. and Mrs.Omar'G. Lytle, in Paris, for Thanksgiving. Private Lytle has been stationed at Camp Custer, near BattleCreek, Mich., 4 for several months.He. enlisted in the army service inuoluuiaiij auuui iuimi,i imiaMay at Detroit, Mich., where he hadbeen employed in munitions work."Jocko" received a warm welcomefrom hfs many friends in Paris. "Heis' in excellent health and makes afine appearance in khaki. He returned to Camp Custer, Friday, aftera pleasant stime spent in revisiting-!home.Rev. Dr. Orr, of Paris, received aletter from his son, 'Capt. (Dr.)' J.A. Orr, formerly of, Paris, "who lanow in France. Capt. .Orr statedthat he was in excellent health andwas enjoying the novelty of being ina foreign country. Capt.- Orr-alsostated that ne had the pltasure ovtrthere of meeting a 'former scnooi--mater Dn. HaKirard; -fcno was aPro-Ifesaor at'Variderbilt-UniyeraUy atr O,imTLAKGE BODY 0? TROOPARRIVE.Ths? BMb'sfc srteamshipv Mauritania, returning to the United SUtwith tie. first large body of Anieri,overseas troops anchored in Gttena .say ar 7:0 o'clock Saturdaynight. She was met by nvy--'aarmy tugs. She ili probably remain at her ancfierage until earfyyesterday morning; when she was ex- 'pected to dock" atBoboken.The navy tiig, it was reported, habeen orderL to-meet the Mauretaniato bring ashore Admiral Henry T'.Mayo, commander.- aC the AtlanticVneet, who was returning from Eng .land as a passenger. The army turit was said, Had orders to brinerashore an army officer at high rankAboard thsr Mauretania, as ai -nouncedrecently- by General March,. -chiefof staff,, ate several thousandmembers of tha air serving who w..stationed in England.' The shin also-carries a number of casuals.When the transport docks at Hoboken relatives and friends of thews--aboardwill not be allowed on tlipier, according to a recent announcement by Brigadier General H. McManus, embarkation officer" at thisport, who added", that tor- safeguard -publichealth thef soldiers -would betaken directly ten demobilization -campsfor physical examination.Barracks at Camp Mills hare beenprepared for their reception..SYSTEMATIC JVTJTCrPEiy.The Bourbon Building & Ixyan Association offers tha ideal systematicplan for saving definite amount regularly, and gives the-best returns onsuch savings.We invite those who thinKrthty'cannot save systematically or regularly to join our new series, wnick" Jopens Saturday, Dec: 7th:H. A. POWERr President:. -WILLS. ARNS'ARGER; Sect.(nov29-2t)a H toINDEPENDENT TOBACCO"1 W20HPHOUSE SEASON OPENSDECEMBER li:The tobacco season of 1918-igrwilX'b'e inaugurated in Paris on Wednesday, December 11, when the first sal"- 'will be held at the warehouse orhIndependent "Tobacco WarehouseCompany, in South Paris. The -warehouseswill be open on Monday: December 9, lor the reception Srtoba6co on the sales floors. The sefe-a.WMnesdar-will hagih 'vrotnpSTTI1TIO 'lvr1r n 1 . J- u- ...'-.-.. www., a. in., iwiu uontxnueiiH'til'the lots are disposed of.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company, of which: Mr. Chas.C: Clarke is President, and' Mr. t.WfPeed, Manager, disposed of a totalot rf,dS5,54& pounds of tobacco during the season of 19171913, whicKbrought a total of $r,002,237. Thiamade the highest average of any tobacco warehouse in the State, a- season average of $2 .61: This Bousealso scored the highest floor average ' -forany one day, being-$44195; and'also a crop lot forthV highest price- -ofany house on any-market In-the--State,$56.60.The Independent is prepared' totake care of any offerings brought tothe house, having one of the best- -lightedand most thoroughly equips "ped floors of any house in the State. "'Prompt attention will be given allcustomers, and settlements will1 be-made promptly, leaving everybodycontented and satisfied. Take yourtobacco to this house, Mr. TobaccoMan, if you desire to realize the-beatprices. Under able-business manajse- -jment and with, ther-assurance of 'righttreatment tne independent ought- tobe the tobacco man's Mecca this-winter.PEW ARMY SUPPLIES AEJTPTOtNISHED BY KENTUCKY. 'Kentucky made a poor showing-litfurnishing supplies to the army; fromJuly 26, 1918, to October 26, 1918;"according to information obtained1 atthe War Department. Statistics- onfile in the ofSce of the- director of -purchaseand storage show that forthis period the amount of Quartermaster purchases made in Kentuckyaggregated ?,916,461,. or six-tenths-'per cent, of 1481,798;217, the total9f Purchases- in Indiana, amounted' to-? 9,518,3 77: those inr Illinois-, $94,831,901, and1 those in Tennessee, ?2,447,143.at the outbreak or the war. . CaptOrr stated further that Dr. Bullock -formerlyof Lexington, W stationednear his camp. He wrote that the'American soldiers- were, being jmadW"heroes?- by the French people, anthat tfeey- certainly deserved 'it.Mr. and' Mrs George W. Fau.lkR? rand Mrs. Clennie Dunigan; of Parityattended the funeral and burial oCPrivate Breckinridge Drake, in Lacounty. Young- Drake died froiiwoands accidentally received at'Capip Greenville in South Carolina.He was a son of Mr. and Mrs Ftankr'Drake, of Lee county..H. Elsi Everman, formerly ofParis, returned. Friday to Detroit' 'Mich., after a visit to hia "not'fctivMrs. j; AGilkey, and IJr. JiIkey, o'Second street. Mr.. Sreraiam. wa,transferred several moata ago from .the GreatLakea Naval Traiala- t- 4tioa to tae-TT. S. S. 4WolTariman Rationed at Detroit. . Youat XvmaiT 'spent an eajoyable -taa-aay frlfcjsiIk visiting reJa$iYe in Pari a4"'t -the couaty, - .,-.. -trT-"vV--.'- 1N- v.v T"IMS TWO'' ' T'p-nTHE BOUKBOH - HEWS,, P1BIS; KEHTUCKYTUESDAY, DKCEMBlBfcS, lSlf'JnUiinTtt FARMER MUSTMany Break Downs Mtttif FailuresZ)we o Exposure anJd HardWbrkCatarrh in Some f It's Many FormsClaim ThousandsEvery farm family has its medicine cabinet and inalmost every one "will- be found a bottle of Dr. Hartman's"World Famous Peruna. JFor coughs, colds and catarrh,it is invaluable. It's use is indicated in all cases ofxitarrhal Inflammation and congestion whether of respiratory organs, stomach, bowels or other organs of thebody.Mr. W. J.Temple of 300 Lincolnypars with inflammationof thete-e3. According to his own storyvrtooux distress. He says: "I am'a. tfanner and must be exposed toll 'kinds of weather. After yearssuffering -a druggist recom-Rjendecr Peruna. I took all together' Ji-e J&pttles and am a well man.It"oimriy, I could not do a day'svorlv. Now, farm work does not; utii:p me in the least. Peruna isiche 2tst medicine and tonic on thei . rr.iUei Time only strengthens mym 1 1 jihmrAiion fnr it, especially fori catarrh and colds.OTfUi nnrmnni! 1TF117Dfmt tilll tUKIIIM MrttSHwHislied 188136 Years of Contmuous Pnblicttion" " .- ' names have been written indelibly onBMwhed Ereiy Tuesday and Jittay. the p of hi-story since the war be-yv:6o-6Months. .?i.ooninone exercises a st r poerPayable in Adavance. Jover gat affection than1 Georges Clemenceau. Last week the-- ,.. , ftnmflll Senate of JFrance declared him topgT. CHAMP, Editor and Owner.' deserved well of &s country; hegitttared at the Paris, Kentucky,Ttoctofice as Mail Matter of theSecond Clasa.)xj erroneous reflection upon thetitefeoter, standing or' reputation ofor repumuouuimrpKfo, firm or corporatton which?? wrporcuua wma.. iiM"f.i. hA SWklrtTTlTlB rvr -1-mmiSON'NEWS wlU De gladly cat-mfced if brought to attention of theADVBRTISING RATES!DsIay Advertisements, SL00 per3ca for first timev; 50 cents ner Inchsut- subsequent insertion.UnBtifnr Notices, 10 cents per lineak.Uaue; reading notices in black&pa, 20 cents 'per line, each issue.Card of ihankSj vcalla qn candliatft, obituaries and resolutions, anddfasvttar matter. 10 cents per line.jec(al ;Vates foVnarge advertiseMUSHs'and. yearly contracts.4Ke right of pdbligher Is resezvedteaclme any adterOiement or otheraua3itef'"fotr Dublicatlonli6sabunements for -political of&cesaaftit- Jpvartably be accompanied byEBITOEIALKUSIKGS.riThe Superlative Degree.PhA riv&?taf ion Will & as r.om-yl&e in Jtie., cities as in jthe rural never -been denied in word or deed'iisrjets and't'fie T mines. Not a build-1 or gesture. A fine contempt for conmguustbe left standing between sistency in small things has thrownLQla JS.W0. JLiUXempoUrg. ;rne neiQSantosestswitf be reWced'to barren-jss.forfifty years, and 'the mineral .eosits will be destroyed nddemol-JtBa"ndiolyjptreated byflools id1 exjp?osns,,t6 the extinc- jMfrXUr'y tixeness,Wpg, in a word, Is to bepro-'-MuMf bedeviled, into the next-two--g,vr --if-they-eyer cross St,Precision -and tthorougn.ness arei9 - a. - -feracteristic of the German. Theyar occasionally -absent from Prus-American vic-arealyojllawedja retup tofonn. jcfeji. is even less reffeetivef than the4ebirijim'of the yellow "press. It insatestheVeakness that ..borders onStflfeerla- -tlie impotence that threateal&Wfore, bursting into tears. WThatif eTgltn "is. de'vastated? Are nott6.Ilies, collectjve,ly, able to restorei.e? And w&at will be their temperaftr. tthe -devastated -territory iseccwised? They are likely to audittheaccount and underscore it withreLJghls war has reversed all traditions. In the last four years the doc-tr1v7earn1ka how-to ciire mostacpted yafleties-of fatal wound. Aaa&snot,1tli?bighf the "heart used toJkdQja.previous yara. jx v me vui -re0&ttgjtodo.' It was hardly reawtabll4ftaythin& else.ffowlie wakesAupj-TOuof the anaesttPCMldt0afsclgarette. ThejKtcaI profeiislwvofta j-ewritten aUp?tMe ferfilityof-'Belglan soil isfsQto&fa ja7 ?t restoring itsLCulaeBS,in,VJfew;vyrsJ4A. BWMfAf Liuther Burbanicswjtii jeacnor.cna.r6 to do what orcjards nevertfiightpJUioing sncexEve stole ther 1 - r - . m " 4XfrWHl&&F&i s501Adevmefmgoins la jorophetic pict- 7"?Vr,u tt"-uT.f:'mrf mm f-p& ,5SJtt -Afiaei- aer wen nave rnaoe pmiiwn, rugerSyWfiels feelgmas ords, "but ttierejs i a French -aviator'SSSSMua'SSo the TW?6B-whehe warDegan and,"" Txrrr5-,5c;-air"jr'-'n,-Hr ,n - -afaTiTournalism -ivhentOTHareteJtorJen.aay,tfeeee are -necessary lapses, an'd'!S?!lf!kllthr chest and it has always-brought&&&4mMity. itfhenext .iewiuriPtrouble fortocrorfrd $&of cerffcoaate - stribttireriMm.mmWLtaia wTMiiat prooi ot rwaing.tofc .-nsk"OS V AftSJJ'HS'HAVE e;HiAve., Delaware, Ohio, suffered formucous linings of the stomach andhe ttd not eat a meal for five yearsPeruna is sold everywhere. Youmay buy it in either liquid or tablet form. Ask for Dr. Hartman's"Well Known. Peruna Tonic and ifyou are seeking health take nothingelse. Insist upon Peruna.If you are s,ick and suffering,write The P,eruna Company, DepL77, Columbus, Ohio, for Dr. Hartman's Health Book. The book isfree and may help you. Ask yourdealer for a, Peruna Almanac.Prussian morale to encourage themost skeptical of 'us to a steadfastop-t tipnism.The Tiger -of Erance.In the srallerv of the exeat whosehas indeed deserved-' well of theworld.When he came to the premiershipthe resources, the courage, the willof France were held in leash. Defeatists and traitors escaped the merited penalties of their treason. Tol-prn-nrn iti -nnUHns that pomft near towfiaWsR ilandi,iinneflHi1fi armies DfweaWSS liandicatiDedUhe armies. --republic. At a moment when dis-aster to "France meant disaster tocivilization. French devotion, skilland strength, were sapped by insidious enemies beyond reach of the military and apparently immune fromattack by the civil authorities.Then it was that the tiger ofFrance, old in years, old in wisdom,old in experience, young in vigor ofmind and body, was called to power.All the ripe knowledge of a full lifeof activity, all the determination ofa mind and body dedicated to a singlepuropse were devoted to the supremetask of the day. The follies and thecrimes that "had JiSmpered his predecessors were assailed 'without fear,"vacillation and indecision vanished;a challenge was thrown in the facet0f trajtorandjdpjubjter,, and the realj? ranee, me neraac a ranee was allowed once more to pursue her destinyunimpeded.This great work has been donewithout jmock heroics, without posing, wfth a simplicity and directnessunaffected and genuine The 'humanity of the agent on whom Fate"put the burden and lorwhom FateoDened the door of oDDortunity has-inw) uigu rmiei. cue aupiemesistency in those things thattered.Truly, Georges Clemenceaucon-mathas deserved well of his country," "As OJld. As.He FeelsTh a 9J " ?is jroyerb. . Aviation experts an-sisttliat'U man must be young to bewlion.tered-the aviation crops aftertwo 'years of service as an infantryman and who now is 64 and has tenGerjpian .machines to his credit H&is cine ofjthe niiost valued, flyers andr - ':.. -!.-.. -o ..-y'JTflgfiters in "France.Here is a jman who could not navegotten into the'JAmerican , aviation,service. It looks as if the more flexible requirements ,in the Europeanarmies are Tjetter- than our rigid ones.Many Americans who have not succeeded in gettinginto American aviation Tiave found t heir chance ination Tiave found tneir chance inada or in France, -admit the promising man rather than admit a manbecause of his age.Everyone knows that some (menare younger at forty than others areat thirty insofar as physical andmental quickness are concerned.Doubtless there are innumerableAmericans above the Americanarmy's maximum for "flying who couldbecome. aces if admitted to the service. raAffBKRLADTS COUGH REMEDYiJefor. using this 'preparation, for acoujh or6dId ybu'may wishto know;whaOt;hasdoriP for- others. 'Mrs. O.jCofck, -Macon, Hl.f "writes, "I havef oundji' glvesVtherquickest relief ofany jcoufhT remedy I-have ever used."Mrs Barnes A. "Kriott. Chillicbthe.-Wq., aysfchamberlafn's Cough Remedy 'canfnot be beat'for coughs andcolds." H. J. Moore. Oval, Pa., says."I have used Chamberlain's Cousrhfeemefly'bn. several occasions when Iia. xt VVj :(adv-jan)sRefugee Fferijch women employed Noat AR.C. stations itfFrance darned (tingmorethkn3P 0 0 pairs bt I American Crosssoldier .socks. ,BUSY" WASHINGTON, December 2.The program provisionally laid outfoiijthe coming session of vQongressindicates that between December 2nnd Marp.li A both the Senate andBouse will have about the husiesttime in their history, in additionto the regular appropriation measureswhich have to be passed, issues growing out of the war and the 'peace conference will crowd the 'session fullof events that will attract "the publicinterest.First of all will come the addressof President Wilson to Congress,whichprobably will be deiivred on the opening day. In this address it is expecte'd the President will tell of his plansfor the peace conference, the reasonsfor his going and the things that hehopes to accomplish while there.After the President has gone thereis likely, to be some open discussionof his trip in both Houses. SenatorKing, of .Utah, has announced he willaddress the Senate on the subjectshortly after the President has left,and there may be others. If the President s trip abroad is criticized therewill be rejoinders ly the President'sdefenders.The biggest legislative issue thatwill come before the Congress will bethe problem -of reconstruction andthe legislation that may be requiredrto make it effective. The Presidenthas indicated that 'he does favor thecreation of a .special commission, butwould prefer to have the prooiems otreconstruction worked out by the WarBoards already constituted, to whichhe would transfer what authority-might be rieedea to enable them-toproceed.Nevertheless, the Republicans inthe Senate are committed to a program of creating six joint congressional committees, each of which isto have direction of "all legislationon a .particular subject involving thereconstruction settlement. If by anyena'nee action on the subject, shouldbe delayed until the new Congressconvenes, the Republicans would beable to force this program through,although they probably would not beable to pass it over a veto by thePresident.The revenue bill, which has beenhanging fire in Congress since earlyMay, will be before the Senate earlynext week, according 'to the SenateFinance Committee, which has concluded its work on the measure.The bill is due for a "prolongedj fight in the Senate because o thejji-uvisiuiio lining iiic luciiiimuiuamount of revenue to be raised inthe 1920 collections. These provisions were put into the bill by tResolid vOte of the Democratic members of the committee over the opNposition of the .seven Republicanmembers. The Republicans take theposition that such avmeasure is unfairto the new Congress fn that it seeksto tie the hands of the Republicanmajority a year in advance of thetim'e "when the Bill- "becomes effective. The appropriation measures, which,almost the war period were passedalmost without question, and merelyupon the recommendations of theheads of departments, will be subjected to the closest scrutiny. BothRepresentatives and Senators 'are determmed'Yd f orcVstrict 'economy upon all the departments of the Government, and they will .prune the appropriations in every directionwherever possible.Uhe House pommittee on Appropriations intends to summon all theheads f .the departments and .reauirexnem w xeii wnere. mimons xnau, naveuccii ctppi ujji iti ueu may ue aaveu.Representative Sherley, of Kentucky,Chairman of the committee, will introduce a bill to repeal all unnecessary appropriations. Sherley is serving his last term in Congress as aelection and lie intends to devote,himself to enforcing retrenchment.The issue of Government ownership undoubtedly Tvill.be -in. the foreground A in. the coining .season. TJhelines for this cattle already are being drawn between Administrationofficials, who belieye .J&at flthe-rail-"roads, telegraphs, cables nawunderthe control of the Government shouldbe retained, and those who are flatlyopposed to Governmentownership orcontrol in any fcimr whatsoever. IGIRLS! GIRXSI&RYilTL ISTOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR.Hair Stops - Falling. ;0ut and Gets;Thick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.Your hair becomes ljght, wavy,-"fluffy, abundant and appears as soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse." Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will -cleanse the hair, of dust,dirt and jexcessive oils and in,,3ust ,a.few moments you have 'doubled the"beauty of your hair. vBesides beautifying the hairatonce, Danderine dissolves every .particle of dandruff; cleanses, purinesand invigorates the scalp,' foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But whatwill please you most w-ilrbe after a few weeks' use when youwill actually see new hair fine anddowny at-first yes but really-newhair growing all over the scalp. Ifyou care for pretty,. soft hair and lotsof it, surely get a small bottle ofKnowltoiTs Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter foraewijcents.(Av ylW'The Red ?(3rpssi Institute for .thBlind will4 transfer to Baltimore, and jmaintain the relative who will be rerspohsible for theeare ot the . blind4man. when, he returns to his homefThis relative will be instructed sideby, side with-the blindedsoldier ,Jn4jthe Government training school,that the man's family, fnaynow lis,difficulties an'da'aitibitions andavoidthe mntal$ter)oration resultingfrom false sypnpathy. .aitingff or. a? shipment of knitqneedles in psta Rico!, The Redi uu&pir tuere itiss.es mem quiofxeoco-bolo wood. .CONGRESS WILL HAVETJME FOB WglEE.TO AILING, WOMEN."Little, Softid viMrice Will. HelDHanyay auSnfferer'ln Paris: TCNq wom,an should consider erselfhealthy and well if ttieMdneysareweak.Poisons" that pass off in "the' secretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This i often the causeof bearing-down pains, lameness,backache, etc. Uric poisoning is alsofrequent -cause of headaches, dizzyspells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When suffering" so, try Doan'sKidneyPills, a remedy that has proven effective in thousands of suchcases. Let a Paris woman tell of herexperience.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I .have used Doafr's KidneyPills, getting them frojfti the ArderyDrug Co., and for the1 benefit I received, fcertainly think ftlfey are agood, reliable remedy. 'Whenever mykidneys 'have acted irregularly or myback has been, weak or lame, I -haveused a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills. They have always 'relieved meof the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. 'Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TBI T "PaSOFT COAL RESTRICTIONS TO BE.CAN'CELIED.Price restrictions on bituminouscoal may be removed by the .fuelAdministration within ,two weeks.Fuel AdministratorGarfleld said hehoped to cancel the price regulationsnot later than the middle of December. Present prices as fixed by the FuelAdministration range from $2.35 to$4.95 a ton at the mines.Dr. Garfield said it may be possible to abandon the zone system ofdistribution of bituminous coal bythe middle of December, but that action to this end -will be taken onlyofter consultation with the railroadadministration.The Fuel Administrator said hecould not "take his hands off" xheanthracite situation until winter isover. This was taken to mean, thatthe government will continue its control over anthracite coat until theend of the coal year, April 1, andthat the Fuel Administration willcontinue function until that time.CURE AT A COST OF 25 CENTS."'Eight years ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was a greafsufferer from indigestion and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, HI. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, .and there wiisa feeling like a heavy weight,jpressing on my -stomach and chest -all thetijne. I felt miserable. Every morsel Of food distressed me. I could notrest at night and felt tired and wornout all the time. One bottle of Chamberlain's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different person."(adv-jan)How Domestic Consumers-TDONT turn?ftBUNITEDui?Pm4s as i&0Jtetettw GffmgsmyFOR RENT.-A-Cottage onJWalker avenue,rnearCity School. Has 'front" porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goodrepair. Also flats of three rooms andtwo-rooms an Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.' J. B. NORTHCOTT,(12-tf) -Cumberland Phone 833.HaveYour EyesThoroughly examined and testedon the. first appearance of any trouble.BEWARE, however, of those slipshod, dabbling and amaturish systemsof so-called, self-styled opticians andspecialistsDON'T BE 'SATISFIED with a lotof mysterious words and movementsused by them to impress yon and yourpurse.'WHAT YOIT NEED is a thnrmfffhlvsound, honest, straightforward nnti-eian, supported by the necessary skill, ' the esta-te of the late Frank P. .Bedexperience, qualifications add -reputa- ford are hereby requested to presenttion. This I o"ffer you. Artificial them, properly proven, as required bylieht used. Examinations made at Jaw, at the office of Talbott & Whlt-any time, day or night.Moderate charges always.Dr.Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 FirstSNational Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.'m 1 I JHlMVWash $heWodlen Socks chiffons next time.You Knit with GrandmaGRAIMA'S Powdered SoapYour -Grocer Has It!Cam Save Gas,DONT burn lamp in daytime.DON'T keep hot water .tank flame higher than necessary;DON'T turn gas. on for cpolpng until ypu have vesselready for use; turn of f immediately when cookingis completed.?,D0N'T ,use gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortilames, if properly directed, consume Jess gas forthe same cooking operation.the gas high after cookingboiling begins, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption.DONT keep rooms at over 6.8 degrees; lower temperature 'by turning, down gas, not by opening doors andwindows.-DON'T burn gas in a furnace without automatic thermozstat control. Such an automatic device preventsoverheating and waste of gas.DpO'T burn gas in an ordinary coalfurnstce. It requiresJ , much more gas for-the imc heat than .with ;a.specially biiiltfiimace.STAfESWEL;iBlMINISTRA1,IONVFor SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulletaand cokerels, also .a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR..Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.IRONWe pay highest prices foriroajunk, hides and wool.MUNICH &WJDJEJS& CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)-LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, white,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Anjr information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. Ii. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, ,Ky.Administratrix' Notice!All persons having claims againstj ley attorneys, in the 3ourbon-Agri-cultural Bank and Trust Co. building, Paris, Ky.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of Frank PBed-&?randTtaeasJSe.allattI'esam,MRS. ALLIE B. BEDFORD,Administratrix of Frank P. Bedford(26-3t)its!GRANDMA'S delightto take your daintiest, most delicate andcostliest piece of chiffonand wash it Sheinowhow precious it iswhatpride you take in havingit fust so. Chiffons areoqchy".,tJimgs-GRAND- "MA knows it and handlesthem just right 'GRAND-MAsuds never harme. any-thinor J her wash vorrrjzboils. Afterf?V'T111.C;LS5WJ?5S'$ -ii Jit'. i, -ifJtH!,Ast';,Vs". TITESDAYriECEMBER:3; 191$4 r vTHEV" -jujCij :? ITJK--A1 XEJOTCKT' "rRhsS!At Once! Stops Stomach Distress!Indigestion pain, food' souring, acidify, gas, andheartburn go instantly! Pleasant relief IWonder what you ate to upsetyour stomach?Pon'ftother! Here is relief !The moment Rape's Diapepsinreaches your unsettled stomach allthe lumps of indigestion pain, sourness, gases, acidity, headache anddyspepsia go.Costs so little at drug stores.Pape's DiapepsihUPSET?WILL PUT YOUON YOUR FEETf-ing qualities of the American soldier.shortened the war by many months at p0 their homes in Harrodshurg, afterto Bs to tototototototototototototetoisatotoicitototeiieiI FTTEPQ ERHM EHITDBnM rniTXTTV Itotototostoatofcstotototototototolsl!5giEais5t53!3tol5iiLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSCorp. Ford Fithian, of Paris, writes1HE NEWS from Camp Lee, Va., asfollows:"Camp Lee, Virginia,"Not. 24th, 1918.V'Dear NEWS: There is nothingfrorse to (my mind than a dull cloudySunday afternoon. The mail has beendistributed and I have just finishedreading THE NEWS, which is always gladly received. Since the armistice was signed, things have beenrather dull here in the line of work,the boys spending their time in planaiag for their return to civil life, andmany times a day you are asked thequestion, 'When are we going home?'"Am sorry to say the morale of alarge number of the bos has greatlydecreased since hostilities ceased, anddo not stop to realize that demobilisation cannot be accomplished in afew weeks. Some two or three thousand have been discharged so far inthiB camp, believed to be due to thefact that the (method has not yet beenperfected. However, I understandthat a brigade from one of the portsor embarkation will arrive here thisweek. Some say they are to relievethe forces here, while others seem tothink we will assist in dischargingthem. Nevertheless, I know that ourcompany is to be broken up this week,some going to the Depot Brigade, andprobably the others will go home. Inview of the fact that I have .been sounlucky ast o have to stay here, I amoptomistic enough to believe that Iwill be home myself, one month fromto-day."If I am one of those who have tyremain here, -then it will be somemonths before I will be able to getback to God's country again. I firmlybelieve that our company containspractically all of the pessimists in thecamp but they are not to be blamed,because we have had to stay heresince entering the service, when everymember of the company was anxiousto get across. The verses of 'In-ternred,' which was in THE NEWS, andwhich. I read several days ago, certainly express our sentiments. Theyare so disgusted that if they are notdischarged soon, or have the opportunity of spending Christmas at home,there will be quite a few of A. W. 0.Li's. Our company has made a gotfdrecord in that respect, there havingbeen but two cases."It is time for 'retreat, so willhave to close. Dropped these fewlines to let you know I am still onthis side and in the best of health.tttwiti mv release I am comlngback to" -"" - n -fil 1 aa A- 4-V sir ithe Bluegrass ana win luuttve mc c ,n. corporalt m successful in securing a suitable ( 0f menLAYS VICTOR? TO OILThe. Producing and Refining, ofOil Largely Contributory to NWinning the WarOne great factor in winning the warwas American resources, money, guns,munitions, provisions of all kind, munitions and oil.A knowledge of the enormous, inexhaustible resources of this vast, newcountry, together with its marvelousproducing capacity gradually penetrated the intelligence of the Germanpeople. It took the heart out of thefight, sapped their morale, destroyedtheir hope of victory.This fact just as surely as the fight-our regimental headquarters for allthe non-copimissioned officers of theregiment to write an essay on military training, so that they can besent to the President at Washington,D. C, for the purpose of consideringthe proposition of taking all the meninto the service and give all of themwho are from eighteen to twenty-oneyears, military training in schools.. . . .From the resources at presentwe will haveavailable enough equip.ment to furnish an army of four orfive million men and the camps toplace them in. Public opinion wouldhave to be overcome if compulsorytraining is; to be established, and if itwas to be voted on it would be overruled. It would decrease the immigration of young men from one country to another, and if it would gotnrougn, m lengtn or time tnis nation would have militarism. Thevery reason this war was fough.t wasto do away with that kind of thing.... .If military training was established in schools and colleges theycould have competitive drills andgrade them the same as their lessons, and they would take more interest in that, when if there washcompulsory training they would feelthat this is no longer a free country."If young men were sent to thearmy camps for military trainingthey would have to have at least twoyears of it before it would do themany good, and a young man in business would have to sell out his business and the young man in collegewould have to abandon his studies.He would lose two years of learning,where if the course was establishedin the schools and colleges he wouldget his training and his lessons atthe same time"I am sure all the citizens of theUnited States are glad the war isover. It was certainly a terriblestruggle. All the people whohavesons, brothers or other relatives inthe army, and who have seen activeservice will be glad to see them comeback home again. I, too, will beglad to get back home again, even ifI did not get to the Western frontoh the battle line over m France. Icertainlywould like to have beenthere, so as to go over the top withthe rest of the good old infantryboys, but I was held back to helpdrill the recruits who ' entered theservice. I sure hope all those I helped train over here have done theirbest over there."When I first entered the service I,too, was a recruit, but was made aand had my squadalways on the job, butleast, perhaps years.Victory for the Allies was made possible at this early date largely on account of the immense" producing capacity, and financial responsibility ofmanufacturers and producers in theUnited States.The Making of Millionaire.The millionaires who have arisen inthis country from .humble origin ofobscure parentage have materiallyhelped to seal the doom of inheritedautocracy.John D. Rockefeller stands outprominently in the field of oil production. But it is doubtful if he could graspeven in imagination the full extent towhich the production of oil was toSOCIAL AND .PERS&NXH", . . -Comings and. Going of OnrPeople Here, There andElsewhere.' . Mr. I. O. Barnett, of Middletown, Ohio, is a guest of relatives inthis city.Mr. Offutt Boardman, of Chi-rcago, is a guest of his mother. Mrs.J. U. Boardman, on Seventh street. .Mrs) Lizzie Koakley, of Rugby,Tenn., is a guest of her son, Mr. C C.Hadden, and fapnily, near NorthMidddletown.Mrs. Anna Harper is in Covington at the bedside of her daughter,Mrs.' W. W. Anderson, who, is very illwith influenza.Mrs. Russell Dyche and children,of London, Ky., are guests of herbrothers, xMessrs. Ernest and, WalterMartin, and families, in this city.Mrs. Dan Moore and daughterMrs. Henry Coleman, have returned::b:-:iIV1B5V-fri. jefcN f:-:1X1GiftHolidaySuggestions!a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander, near Paris.Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Lapsleyand children, have returned to theirhome in Shelbyville, after a visit toMrs. Lapsley's mother Mrs. NannieMcClintock, in this city.Mrs. Clayton Cruise and littledaughter, Margaret Bruce Cruise,have returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Jos. W. Davis, on High street, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Will E. Simmsand children ha,ye returned to theirhome at Spring Station, in Wood"1ford county, after a visit to the former's sister, Miss Lucy Blythe Simms,on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Christine and Laviniafigure, not alone in the development j Thomasson are at the home of theirof American industry, "but in deterna-' parents, near Little Rock, while theming world affairs. i niuueuza. vu,u its uu at, me xuaanji uKentucky state JNormai scnooi, atRichmond, which they have been at-r-ruoiHrvn The worn name smuuub i nave Deen maae a sersweeterto us than it ever did and we . geant. , It certainly has done me aare coming back real soon. With , i0t of good, but I am anxious to rebest regards, I am, turn back home to my old job as an"Very truly yours, ' L. & N. brakeman before entering"CORP. JAS. F. FITHIAN. .the service, as I think I can be of"Co. C, 1st Prov. Gd. & S. D. Tr. Bn." roore service to the country now byretumingHo it in that capacity!From "Somewhere, in France" El- "Sincerely, ..r,Tro aiima.to formerly of Paris, a I . CAKLi,member of the American Expedition- "Sergeant Carl Lenox,rv Force writes to his father,v Mr. "Co G., 4th Replacement Regiment,"11th Training Batainon,"Camp Gordon, Georgia." '-pmmnre Shumate, of Second street.Paris, as follows, under date of November 2: ."Dear Father: I received your letter to-day, and was certainly glad tohear from you again and to knowthat you are all well. That kind ofnews means a gn&t deal to a" fellowover here, and helps to cheer him upin his lonely hours. This leaves mefeeling well and hearty We havebeen having some beautiful weatherwn-ir Tn-nieht. though, it hasbeen raining and is as dark as Maino'clock in the morning 1 haveo'clock, in the morning I havejust received your letter dated September and November. I have written you four letters in the last twomonths, and am wondering if youliave ever received them. It seemsit takes a long time to get a letterfrom 'over here' to the folks 'overtnere.' I am getting along justfine and hope to be back in good oldBourbon county again pretty soon.So don't worry about me at all, forif there is nothing to prevent it I...Ai,r m hA back, with you sometime soon. . .Well, there is not much;to tell just now,- so wui .-aw n "hear 'fro myou again realsoon, and also hoping to see you realsoon, with love to all, I am,"Lovingly yours,"ELMER.""'Private Elmer Shumate,"Battery B., 21st Field Art-,"American Expeditionary Forces.- Carl Lenox, of Paris, who is stationed at Camp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga., has recently been promoted to the rank of Sergeant in the""service, . -promotion he won by merit.Iif roent letter Sergeant- LenoxWite as foltows:' "Ordr came in yesterday from1SLCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE'CTOED'By local- applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curpcatarrhal deafness, and. that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is cause4 by an inflamedcondition of the gnucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed deaf ness is the result.Unless the inffammation can be reduced" and this restored to its normalcondition, hearing will be1 destroyedforever. Many cases, of deafness arecaused by catarrh, which is an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrah Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system.WeVill give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 7oc.F. J. CHENEY CO.,Toledo; Ohio.( ad v-jaii)pSi 8 fBl- Americans in the Red Cross ambulance 'service received' 6( decorationsfor work performed in one month.This includes 7 ilver medals, 4 ofbronze ana 54 war crosses.Opportunities in Kentucky. fHe pointed the way he was thepioneer the first adventurer, and hisgains enormous, can scarcely be 'calculated. It is not widely known, but here inKentucky there has been tremendousproduction of oil, a fact that has beentaken advantage of by only a limitednumber of people. vUnlike the developments of thecoaland timber resources of the state, theoil industry has been financed in largemeasure by Kentucky capital. Localinvestors have made the Kentucky oilllelds possible and have shared correspondingly in the enormous profitsthat have been made and are beingmade daily in this field which is nowrecognized as ,a leading undevelopedoil territory in the United States.More than o50 drilling outfits aretoday operating in 56 counties in Kentucky. The first field of importancewas on Cow Creek, near Irvine, in Estill county; here it was that the realpioneers in the industry made thefirst rich discovery. Next came thedevelopment of the ZacKariah poplnear TorreDt, in which is situated thefamous Ashley farm for which it issaid "Pat" White received an offer oifive million dollars. The third field iupoint of importance and far richer is"Big Sinking," in Lee county Herereal gushers have beerf found, someproducing as high as 1,000 barrelsdaily. fA Successful Company.Among the pioneer companies in theKentucky oil field is one that is perhaps more largely responsible for thedevelopment than anyi other is theMcCombs Producing 7 Refining Company, of which Abram Renick of Winchester, Ky., is president Mr. Renick,has been long identified with the livestock and agricultural industry in theitiTte having been" one time presidentof the American Short Horn Breeders'Association, also president of the PedigreecT LiveStock Association oiAmerica; co-operating" with the executive management of the company under the direction of Mr. RenicE MrJ. C. McCombs, one of the recognizedsuccessful oil men of the county, hasbad' chage of the field operations.The McCombs Oil Company is theowner of properties on whichT therearc more than SO wells in thV'lrvine,Zachjriah and Big Sinking fields.The McCombs Company has' beenunusually lucky in striking oil in thisterritory, particularly of lute. A five?hundred barrel gusher being., one oitheir latest achievements. This, however, is but ode of 80 producing wells.ar this matter in a very practical kindof a way.They have already established orrather bought a refinery plant, a fleetof tank cars, and are evidently earnestin their attempt to, establish a stable, permanent, tremendously profitable business.To this end they have carefully selected some definite proven territory,and now control over 17,000 acres.Spouting Automobiles.It has been humorously remarkedthat nothing is an "non-committal aaan oil well that isat finished. A spninxis garrulous beside it. But when it isfinished, it( either pes on being quieter than ever oVit begins spouting antomobijes, trips to Europe, and' large,nobby, mansions in New Yojtk.Statistlcsshow that 50 wells prodtfelrtg' 20 barrels per 4ay will yieldf936;O0O per year. Wftk over prodmoing wells and a refly, in ' operation, s.the k Jutfdly l&i an elementof sporting chaace. Pal vBecI; aa$Pari set closer mry r.-tending. -Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hatcher andson, Bruce Hatcher, Miss Annie Miller and Mrs. Henry Preston, of Ashland, are guests of Mrs. Preston'sbrother, Mr. Bruce Miller, of theKentuckian-Citizen, and Miss NannieMiller, on Bank Row.Mr. Fred Frendberg, formerlyconnected with the civil engineeringforcps of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad, at this point, has returned to Birmingham, Alabama, after a visit to friends here. Mr.Frendberg is engaged in a similar capacity with one of the railway systems having headquarters at Birmingham. (Other Personals on Page 5)TQ IBl ISA WARNING TO THE PEOPLE OFPAEIS.Special Attentionhas been given by us this holiday seasontoLadies' Underwear Novelties suitable for gifts.We recommend an early inspection of these.Ladies' Silk Gowns, Envelope Chemises,Camisoles and Skirtsin Crepe de Chine, Georgette Crepe and WashSatins. Lines of the latest fashions mark thesegarments, as superior to the conventional styles.Maid's Aprons, Maid's Capsand Boudoir Caps.An especially attractive line of these is beingshown here at prices not much In advance offormer values.Hand Made PhilippineEmbroidered Lingeriejust received from the importers on the -PacificCoast, in newest designs of Gowns; EnvelopeChemise and Skirts.A visit to our Underwear Department, first floor rear, will makegift selections easy for you.The Red Cross posts daily newsbulletin an 600-,plaees to give ourmen in Great Britain the 'news fromhome.QUICK CUBE FOR CROUP.WJatQlL for the first" symptom,hoarseness and -give Chamberlain'sCough Remedy at once. It is promptand effectual. t,(adY-Jan)i g 'BSfi 151 - 3 v v ,- The Hotel RegimMs, Paris is nowthe" headquarter of "the" AmericanRed Cross in France.Most disease germs thrive best inmoist places.Cold, damp, houses, houses wherethe wallpaper loosens and peels offthe wall on account of the moisture,gradually lowers and wears away theresistance to disease- So does the exthey frequently fall easy victims toany one of a number of diseasespneumonia and tuberculosis in particular. vExposure of the outer surface ofthe body to cold and dampness, especially the feet, soon lowers the body'sresistacne to disease. So does the exposure of the inner surfaces to alcoholic dampness.But perhaps the most dangerousfactor in spreading the influenza andother highly contagious diseases isthat caused by promiscuous expecToration. Undoubtedly the carelessspitter is thegreatesf spreader of disease. Even where the spray of the salivadoes not immediately reach, tnethroat of some person it may dry indust or get an " the clothing, andeventually cause disease in .somehealthy person.Some of the most dangerous germsare long lived and persist in theirpower to cause disease that is, invirulence for' many, many "months.Here are a few sipiple rules forTranHrl -nrotection against tirespread of diseases:1. Cover your mouth and nosewith a handkerchief or bow yourhead'whenever you cough, or sneeze.2. Never spit anywhere except ina cusipdorl3. Keep,1 your fingers from yourmouth and'-kep from your moatheverything that" can possibly havecome, d.irectly or indirectly, from themOUUl OI UOUJf ML iVliy VJ.U.Vi. iCiawi.fe ISINVITATION. 'An'AjmericaiL battery was the object of shell attackr As time went onthe'Germanskimproved their aim andrapidity' of fire to the extent of causing considerable uneasiness amongthe American gunners, finally registering three direct hits.One directed shell struck the entrance of a dugout and . buried themen under tons of, earth. Their com-nAna -miohnrl n tllPir fl.ld With ShOelSand dug frantically amid the flyifigjpieces of exploading shrapnel, ij-re-quentlythey would call "out:, "Areyou alive in there? Can you hearus?"After some minutes the workerscould catch a faint 'response to theirquestions"."Are any of you hurt?" they asked."No." came the smothered answer."What are you doing?""Digging you out.""Have theBoches stopped firing?"was the indistinct query."No.""Stop digging, .then' ca-me back,the fervent appeal from tne tang;earuin.m. w j-BATTLE WAS THE WORD."i TJohnson bought' a secondhaW nib- -tor car, wmcn turned out u ue .cripple" on four wneels rather than apleasure vehicle. He wak describing'some of the patient'.s symptoms teafriend."I take it, then,. that shef.rattles agood deal, whe&ypurun Tier V"Rattle!" said the' owner " of thepor "She sourids-fike' a skeleton huv-J ing a shakffiif fifoTa tin "roof!"WOLI WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Ii .TO THE 'L aL JL& JiMA Ji Aift IPof Bourbon Ccrtinty :We Invite AH Farmers ofID.m dlvM m-m -' m-- .fcWi-the WonderfulCLEVELANDAi"--.TRACTORvIf you are interested. ins better and.more economical farming; come inand1 see what this littleis doingafor other.wonaeryWe Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayV. u.BALEmmmGeiv Fourth and Pleasant SiIXEatIIInI91ImIXIIKIKIIIIr S-"v-tt&MUNU3K&..V, -w J i"j.A Y rVciage rux,THE;: ..17,.NVI. tf-C wS!U . ,'jyxTUESDAY DW2BMBJCJC , J l'HJCWOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the 'Bed Cross Sewine Rooms.Tuesday U. D. C. and W. C. T. U."Wednesday Paris Literary Club.Thursday Woman's Society at theMethodist Church.Friday Woman's Society of theBaptist church.Saturday D. A. R.TENNNESSEE CAN SURELY RAISE: POTATOES!1 ' W p . : 1k jtitSlUti-: i 0 YOUR-IMr. H. H. Floyd, manager of theCumberland Telephone Co.'s local exchange, handed THE NEWS man anextract from the Memphis, Tenn.,Commercial-Appeal, which tells ofsome large potatoes, as follows:"This is the truth, the whole truth,and nothing but the truth. Of course,jyou will not believe but we've gotthe proof."Our jmembers remember something we said about sweet potatoeslast week. We spoke of a potatoSjghing 10 pounds, and people wonX xlered. We spoke of another potatoweighing 12 pounds, and people won-dered more."Thes-YC spoke of apotato weigH-ing 18 pounds, and people thought wewere the man who had been sending.out all the war stories from Amsterdam. "But if you were surprised by thesize of the potatoes we have received,prepare now to be knocked down.We have in our office a sweet potatoweighing 30 pounds. This potato-as grown on P. B. Abby's plantation"by S. B. Roach. Mr. Abby's plantation is neah Webb, Miss."The potato was sent to us by M.P. Bynum, cashier of the Bank ofWebb. This potato is in our office.Mr. Bynum thought that this potatobroke all records, but the day following we received a potato grown Aiponthe plantation of F, G, Bobo, of Bobo,Miss. BobQ is eight miles west ofClafEsdale. Mr. Bobo is the son of thefamous bear hunter, R. E. Bobo, whodied several years ago in Chicago."The potato was sent to us by GuyClark, editor of the Clarksdale(Miss.) Register. The potato weighs32 pounds 32 pounds. We have thepotato in our office. We are printinga picture of these two potatoes. Notice the foot rule between them. Wehave these potatoes in The Commer--cial-Appealoffice, second floor, Second and Court."At Paris'A GENERAL' REVIEW OF TOBACCO MARKET CONDITIONS.In view of the early opening of theloose leaf tobacco market a generalreview of the market conditions for1918 may be of interest to producers and buyers of the leaf in Kentucky. Based upon a study of conditions as set forth in the November, 1918, issue of the Monthly CropReport distributed by the Bureau ofCrop Estimates of the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture, the following statistics on tobacco areavailable.The production of tobacco as iestnated for November 1, 1918, in theentire United States amounts to 1,226,686,000 pounds, as comparedwith 1,185,478,000 pounds for November 1, 1917, a gain of 81,000,000pounds, and the acreage planted in1918 wa four-tenths of one percent, greater than that planted lastyear.Kentucky Conditions.The December estimates for KenAicky grown tobacco for 1917 showsa total production of 426,600,000pounds, while the November estimatefor 1918 shows a production of 388,170,000 pounds, a falling off of 38,430,000 pounds, as compared withlast year. No statistics are availableshowing in which classes of tobaccothis decrease took place as, production figures on the various kinds oftobacco grown in Kentucky are notgiven in any reports available at this-time.Stocks of Kentucky grown to--baccoin the hands of dealers andmanufacturers as of October 1 for thepast two years are as follows:Burley, 1918, 190,137,019 pounds;1917, 207,593,654 pounds.Dark, District of Kentucky andTennesse? 1918, 315,854,704. pounds;1917, 215,479,081 pounds.Dark fired, Clarksville, Hopkinsville and Paducah District, 1918,197,106,700 pounds; 1917, 128,010,509 pounds.Henderson, 1918, 22,886,193pounds; 1917, 16.422.702 pounds.Green River, 1918, 59,960,479pounds; 1917, 49,484,116 pounds.One Sucker, , 1918, 35,901,332iounds; 1917, 18,561,754 pounds.The total socks of tobacco in theentire United States in the hands ofdealers were, 1918, 1,264,883,788pounds; 1917, 1,154,056,034.While the dealers' stocks of vaiious Kentucky types of tobacco areshown bF the above statistics to belarger this- year than at the sametime lastfy.ear, the difference is not-more than "the average annual variation at this time of the year. Thestocks of Burley on hand are shownto be 17,456,635 pounds short of lastyear's dealers' stocks.A review of the above figures,which do not show any very markeddivergence from normal conditions,when taken: together with the stability of the present export and domestic demands seems to indicate astrong market for the tobacco cropof 'the present year, especially in thecase of Burley, and there is nothingin the report which should cause un--eaainessin the market. It is quiteprobable tkat any increase in supplies of dark tobacco will be morethan offset by the demand on marketssoon to be' opened in Central Europe,"West Coast of Africa and other countries formerly depending upon thistype of tofeacco for import from theTJaitad States. Jt must be rememTwrd alatrthat the commerce of theww kas introduced American tobaco9 to .bulkx aew markets not previously larf e .buyers of American -to-bcco.'TMw Mke&ns?oft "thecrop trill 7tMd to steady jthe market.Greatest Department StoreChristmas HosieryAlways AcceptableYou cannot choose a gift thatwill be surer of being acceptable than a pretty pair of Hose.Our stock of Gift Hose is at itsbest.Women's Silk Fibre Hoseblack and white, per pairWomen's Silk Hoseblack, white and demandablesuit shades, also fancy and embroidered hose, per pair$2;00 to $3.00We are Ready for Christmas ShoppersChristmas shoppers will find this store is the home ofpraoeverything is arranged so as totical and useful gifts and thatmake choosing easy.The Christmas Handkerchiefs are here in bountiful array, asare the Christmas Glove?, Hosiery, Furs, Bath Robes, . Silk andCrepe de Chine Underwear, Blouses, Neckwear, Sweaters, TableLinens and Napkin, Women's Dresses, Coats, Children's Coats andDresses, Blankets,Comforts, Women's Handbags Munsingw ear, Millinery, Etc. All priced according to Simon's policy of low pricings.iIOf Course, GiveHandkerchiefsHandkerchiefs for Christmasare always safe and chosen fromour beautiful assortment of GiftHandkerchiefs are sure to bemost acceptable.Womens Handkerchiefsin gift boxes, 3 in box, per box,25c 35c 50c75c $1.00Children's Handkerchiefs2 in box...-. 10c3 in box 15c and 25cChristmas GlovesGloves is another gift that is alwaysacceptable and most practical. Simon'sChristmas Gloves, as usual, offer a largeassortment for your choice.Women's "Kid Gloves, black and alldesirable shades, Women's Silk Gloves,in all the new fall and winter shades,Ghamoisette Gloves in a number of different colors.Dainty Waists for ChristmasRegular $7.50 Values" Attractive, 'creations in Georgette Crepes and Crepe deChine. The most winsome models of the season. Big bargains at the above special price.Higher Priced Waists at $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 ,Bath RobesA pretty Blanket "Bath Robe chosenfrom the' pretty assortment we areshowing will make a gift that will beappreciated by any woman.Extra Good Valuts at$5.00 to $?.500Distinctive ModelsIn Women's CoatsAt $25.00 to $100.00Now that the cold weather is just starting it is hightime that you bought your Winter Coat. By choosingfrom our large variety of exclusive and distinctive models you are sure to get just the coat that will exactlyfit your individuality. At the above prices they are trulyunusual values.$ow is Your Chance to Buy Your Winter Suit at BigPrice ReductionsThese suits consist of the newest and most distinctive styles of the season's mostapproved modes. All the most called-for fabrics and colors are represented. Manymodels are fur trimmed. Rare bargains at these Special Reductions:$47.50 Suitsnow reduced to.$59.50 Suitsnow reduced to.$29.50$39.50$65,00 Suits (Tyfla CAnow reduced to JHtb w w$79.50 Suits, now reduced to$89.50 Suitsnow reduced to....$ 1 25,00 Suitsnow reduced to$59.50$69.50$79.50See Our Beautiful Showing of Christmas Furs!A handsome piece or set of Purs is a gift that will last for years and keep the giver long in the memory of the recipient. Our showing of Christmas Furs is one that will be sure to interest Christmas shoppers, and contains a splendid assortment ofdesirable skins in newest shapes m Muff aiJNeck Pieces at prices that are remarkably low: - - a anQTHE PLACEYOU LIKETO SHOPHARRY SIMONWHEREYOU SAVEMONEYSAYS 0UB MEN EXCEL SPARTANSDT STAMINA.Defending the young men of-to-dayfrom charges o being "effete and luxury loYing," Prof. Wm. Lyon Phelps,of Yale University, speaking beforethe American Academy of Arts andLetters, at the Chemists' Club, 50East Forty-first, street, New York,said that it was his belief that theSpartan army, courageous as it was,never could have endurea what modern Englishmen, Frenchmen andmore recently Americans have endured in battle."It 'is my belief that .the physicalstamina of the race is as great, if notgreater than ever before," declared"Prpf. Phelps. "This war has provedthat our modenryoung men, in spiteof the so-called ease and luxuries oftuc uaj, nave buowh mat tney aremade of the stuff of their fathers of1776. If it be true that our youngmen have lived amid modern luxuries,Lun i suDmiL to you tnat their cheerfulness in sacrifice is all the greaterbecause of that People suppose thatluxury' has made the whole racemegenerate, but that is not my belief.Aren't you proud of your youngmen?"The professor's question was answered by an outburst of applause, thatlasted a' minute Defore he could proceed. Prof. Phelpe spoke in the placeof President John Grier Hibbnf ofPriaceton Univeriity, who mid Tie'luK'Jfcujw; of-Ul-ne8." - - ' - .-AN OTHER PHEN0M EXPLODEDEvery baseball season sees somewidely press agented phenom exploded. And there is usually very little variation in the story. He begins witha rush that promises to set the leagueafire and simply mows down everything before him. For a couple ofweeks or sometimes longer, this continues.Then he goes all to pieces, frombad to worse and from worse to thebushes.The answer invariably is that hehas a weakness, and the gang havegot onto it and make life miserablefor him.internationariaw out of the umpire'sbox.And finally collapsed in regularphenom style.I ISo it wasGermany.with Prussianism andGeijmany started out like a fourtime winner. She broke down all 6p-I position, romped through Belgiuman half way to Paris before Fochgot next to her weakness at theMarne. Then came the first decisive:slump.Thereafter came a season of. -varyingfortunes of -war. Germany triedout every trick of the, game. Usedeverything she had. Stopped at noth-WNow Kaiser Bill, manager,' hasgone to the bushes. Germany is outof it. Prussianism has lost the jobof (martial trainer. ;And' the game's over", thank God.nut there is a lot of peace-making to do as a result. There is a lotof rebuilding of teams necessary.There are bruises and sore spots towor: out. And big league rules mustbe drastically revised. 'VThe big league conference williron' out these differences shortly.But meantime somebody has tokeep, the grounds in order.That's partly Uncle Sam's job.And we will have to pay the freight JReplenish the old yarnother loan's coming.-s m iREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS." j pCollector of Internal Revenue EIwodft Hamilton, in making assignments of .revenue men for- December,sends the following to Bourboncounty:No. 77.J Julius Kessler .JL'rnP.ati, John A. Logan, dayuand-,bottlir;- T.- Lr McConnelL-additional.sock;an-AtHeWONE BULLET EARNS $50,000(St. Nichols.)A well-known citizen of Nevadahas teamed' through the Calico canyon for years. On a "trip two yearsago a rear -wheel of his heavily loaded wagon broke down, and so he unhitched' his six mules, built a fire andcamped' down for the night. Sometime before dawn he rnnoi ii isaw a big rattlesnake coiled againsta rock, close by. His hand stole tohis hip, drew his revolver, and hisquick shot killed the snake 'andstruck the rock behind it. Instantlythe light of his fire lit up somesparkling- grains, and -the man jumped over to look at them. They weregold!Ho Clipped OUt? 9. fAw ru-nvn. J.1 - . " o ituts ure, siattea a claim, left hiswagon and drove his striner nt imioi into Elko, where ah assay of .the oreaixuwea txou mgoid and 300 ouncesrof silver to the ton. Several monAv.ed men drove put to the prospect withhim, made further investigationsand paid him $50,000 for his claimThat fire had been built on theashbed ;of an old camp fire where acouple of unsuccessful prospectorshad camped for four-weelcRionVio.tfor gold or any other metal.sBxceptmg the tenderfoot, no manin the great mining: countrv nt .Westwill asp at that" story, or aL-atumi, vrry. great discovery and alarge -proportion of small discoverieprecious metals has hoori "hv no-cident, and often on ground "wherescores of prospectors and even .mining engineers had searched in vainfor months and years.1 M teBEN CARPENTER, JR.; Over on the battlefields of Franceis a 22-year-old Chicago boy, -rejectedoy both the American army and navyeUS of a "Ieaky hert valve,"with a Croix de Guerre pinned on hiscoat.He is Ben Carpenter, 4Jr., soa ofiviaj. .Benjamin Carpenter, who iesigned-as senior partner of George B.Carpenter & Co. at the outbreak ofthe war to join the Quartermaster'sDepartment. rAt the outbreak of- hostilities hewas a senior' in Harvard University.He went to th TiaoTv...training camp. The'leaky heart Valvewas discovered and he failed.. Then2Si ;ne?, the navy' outethe ''valve"led to his rejection. "ncS rentbk t( 'Chicago and wasasked by the University vClub to pilotan ambulance iV was 'sending toi2?e- He t00k 5D , onlanding "over there" deserted andior six months drove a French ammunition truck.' In June, witk forty other American boys, he entered the French armyartillery school" in. Pontainsbleau.r, zrm -w-onceatarted cSJ 4 lthA the. :,NintifthFrench artilkfy retfiaemtl JiiAIYv-TUESDAY, DECEMBERS; If irTBE BOUEBON"iSpSSASystt'" t'.Jv- I1?5" "" "'" '!'-, tvjL?ST- T?"; - '-." 5!?js ?-"Vlt,r: -" -" ;jitt&lv?,r ,Hii j.i-j-.v!. tKfji v. i&-2 tZ ' m v.y j , .f. .,' , tv "-..-," -- ---1- -" ., --TOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECHRISTMAS TURKEY MARKET. We will commence receivingturkeys for the Christmas market on Tuesday, December 3rd,and hope to continue untilFriday, December 13th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(dec3-3t)fe HfiTL OF P.'S TO ELECT.Jtathbone Lodge No. 12, Knightsor ryrmas, win eiect officers for thee&suing term, at the meeting to beheld Thursday night. Since the influenza epidemic began there havebeen four deaths among the members and ten cases of the influenzaM ta isINJURED BY PALL.4Tlrr '- ..A2ID PBRSONAEvninfa and Goings of iQorPeople Here, There andElsewhere.t k ; 1Sa guest of Dr- and Mrs.street their hme n SecondTTJn' C1U(Le M Tholnas was in?len yesterday to visit his son,-Mr. and Mrs. jp. c. .Henry ofIjatta,' South Carolina, are guests ofthe former's brother, Dr. D. S. Henrvand Mrs. Henry. -nenry,Mr. and Mrs. VTarr xx,.-i.5aJ? returned to their home innla,nd' fter a vlsit t0 Mr. BruceMiller, and other relatives in Paris--Misses Rosina and Ruby Elderhave returned from a visit to relatives in Richmond. They were accompanied by their brother, Lieut.Sr!oughElder Wh at hme on a1 DOGNOTICE77 ' and ,Mrs' H F- Griffith andSmaildM;- ud Mr- King? ?Ze returned to their home.near Cynthiana, after a visit to Revand Mrs. J. T. Sharrard.Mrs. J. V. Lytle suffered severeinjuries Saturday night from a fallcaused by stepping off a high pavement on Mam street. She receivedsevere bruises about the face, which Mr and Mrs fui5 wuuw,i nuu cue pavea.street, and has a badly sprainedankle. Her daughter, Mrs. BrooksDodson, of Irankfort, was notified,and is now with her.Mrs. Lytle is confined to her roomas the result of the accident.lei i mcr feTAY AT HOME.m you have a severe cold it is-!yenr duty to remain at home untilit is determined whether influenzais developing. By going out youmay be scattering influenza germs tothe four winds, and you are liable toa fine for so doing. If you the notalready infected you are especiallysusceptible to influenza when youhave a bad cold. Therefore for yourown good as well as that of the pubHe generally, nurse your bad cold athome. This is issued on authorityof the State and local Boards ofHealth, and is good advice.is tatJUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers pray be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDBN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.titsnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.AUTOCRASHES INTOGLASS WIN3H)W.PLATEAn auto bolnging to Mr. Sutton, ofLexington, used in delivering dailypapers to subscribers in Paris, Carlisle, and other points, ran amuckSunday morning about 5:30, andran into the show window at Mr.Harry Linville's shoe store."When the driver got out "of themachine to leave a bundle of papersat the "? Lexington Herald branchoffice on Main street, he did not shutoff the engine. The vibration of theengine loosened the brake, and themachine started across the street,crashing into the Linville show window, smashing it. The machine wasbadly damaged. The show windowwas filled with a lot of fine shoes,sojme of which were damaged.Col. S. R. Porter says his idea isthat the auto looked around and gota glimpse of Col. Sherman Stiver'slong hair, became frightened, andmade the wild dash.SAVE YOUE PROPITSThere is real profit in your work,but you must save it. r "Without care of thrift, your profitwill slip through your fingers andnext pay day may find you poor.There is a sure way to And profits;to make them grow.It is the way of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association.Many people have proven it. Haveyou?Our new series opens. Saturday,December 7th.H. A. POWER, President.W2LLS. ARNSPARGER, Sect.(nov29-2t)CUT PLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns fof funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or -small,JO. VARDBN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.EPW0B2H LEAGUE TO HAVEChristmas flaro..The Epworth League of the Methodist church has' inaugurated whatis to be known as the "ChristmasDrive Campaign," .with the object ofsecuring two. new members in eachplace made Y&cant by those in theservice of the country. The campaign begins Sunday and will continue to December 22.The members of the Paris EpworthLergue have been divided into twogroups, "the gold" and "the white."Captains and lieutenants have beenappointed to take a careful census, of"the church and Sunday school rolls,for the purpose of enlisting youngleople of League agein the work ofLeasrue organization.The Parig'Xieagtie has sixteen mem-,bers in' the imr TT service oitie TlnitaA MM&mR. This will necessitate securtair tfcirty-two neji raemr ,M. ftfuro'ttnriauu iamiiy nave moved to the residence at the corner of Main andiwelfth streets recently vacated byMr. and Mrs. Frank P. Walker, whohave moved to Eminence.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Ferguson anddaughters, Elizabeth and Lida Ferguson and Mrs. Sue Kelley, and son,James, have returned to their homesin Georgetown, after a visit to Mrand Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts, nearParis.Little Bryan and Sydney Rednmon children of Mr. and Mrs. HiramS. Redmon, of Frankfort, contractedinfluenza while on a visit to theirgrandparents, Mr. and Mrs., John J.Redmon, near North Middletown.rney are improving, and willbe able to return home.soonMr. J. M. Sturgeon, of Greenville, South Carolina, a prominenttobacco buyer for the American Tobacco Co., was in Paris several dayslast week, looking over the tobaccomarket situation. Mr. Sturgeon vasaccompanied by his brother-in-law,Mr. D. C. Amos, Jr., of Oakland, Ky.Mr. Sturgeon, left yesterday to visitother tobacco markets in CentralKentucky before December 20, whenhe will return to remain during theseason.Miss Carolyn "Roseberry was hosess recently to the members of theRed Cross Tea Room team and a fewgentlemen friends at her home on theCane Ridge pike, near Paris. A delicious supper was served and bridgewas enjoyed by the following guests:Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery, Mr. andMrs. John" Davis. Mr. and Mrs. "Ea-ward Prichard, Mr. and Mrs. WhiteVarden, Mrs. O. T. Hinton, Mrs. Du-.rand Whipple, Mrs. Luke Abbott,(Georgetown), and Mrs. WoodfordDaniel; Misses Reba Lockhart, MaryFithian Hutchcraft and ElizabethCrutcher; Messrs. Peter Powell, (Lexington), Sidney Johnson, (Mt. Sterling), Ben Buckner, Charlton Clay,Withers Davis, Clarence Thomas,John Keith Vansant, Mr. and Mrs.Moss and Mr. Crumelin. Mrs. FayArdery was awarded the ladies prize,a box of stationery. The gentleman'sprize, a silver pencil, was capturedby Mr. Ben Buckner.(Other Personals on Page 3)DECEMBER COURT DAY.It wasn't much of court day yesterday. Very little stock on the market and small demand for that. Farmers generally were busy, especiallytobacco men. Fair sized crowd inthe city, but not (much business going on.All dogs must be licensed on orbefore the first of Januarv. 191 9.and the license fee paid to the Coun-ity uierk. He will issue a tag whenthe license is paid, and this tag mustbe attached to a collar around thedog's neck. Any dog found without the collar and tag. must be takenup by the Sheriff or one of his deputies ana snot.After JTan. 1, it is unlawful for anyperson to keep a dog unless thelicense has been paid.It is lawful for any person to killa dog that is worrying stock, whether the dog wears a license fag or not.A farmer is permitted to kill any dogor dogs tresspassing on his farm,whether the dogs wear a license tagor not; and the farmer is not liableto prosecution for killing such dogs; -snerms are required to take up andimpound any dog or" dogs found running at large unattended by theirowners. xIf the dog wears a licensetag, the sheriff shall notify the ownerthat the dog has been impounded,and the owner can recover the dogby the payment of a certain fee within a certain time. Dog's taken upand not wearing license tages are tobe shot.The Commissioner of Agricultureserves notice that the dog law will beenforced to the fullest extent. .jsa lsj isPEDERAL PARM LAND BANK-Mr. Myran A. Waterman, sof Washington, D. C, delivered an address atthe court house Saturday afternoon,to a number of farmers of the county,explaining the aims and plans of theFederal Farm Loan Bank, of whichhe is the representative. This bank(ico-operates with farmers throughoutthe county in financing their loansat a small rate of interest.J JBg jqiw'tiiByirujAi padta!www liivJSSTjiEin:.That Bourbon county larid is'good thing to invest in has 'thieetimes been: illustrated in "the purCT?i"of"'Marm near Millersburg onwhich Mr. Joseph Farris resided:Mr. Farris honht fha farm t,,.,vyears- ago .for $17,500, resided" on itand. grew three crops of tobacco,which brought him over 10,000. Asjort .time ago he sold-the farm toMr. Fred Carroll, of Versailles, for a.total ,of $25,000. Last week Mr.Carroll, after having 'resided on theplacej but a few days, sold it to Mr.Andrew Shrout. of CarlinlA fnr o !000, inakihg, a profit of $4,000 on his finvestment in a. short time; ,if 7;-r " - ,--; ;- i - -gBaLffRA NK- i- .&CO.LADIfiS OUTFJTTJERS.'i.'vr i"Public SaleOf JFour Baby Farmson the PremisesVIOLATORS OP GAME LAWS AREPINED.Charged in the County Court withhunting without the required yearlylicense, Ed. McCarthy, Archie McCarthy, Mason Turner, Grover Shearsand W. L. Shears, pleaded guilty andwere each fined $15 and costs. Thearrests were made on informationsupplied by Deputy State WardenBishop.The FairTOYS, DOLLS AND PANCY GOODSBe sure you visit our Toy Departmtn. Above all, be sure you- get ourprices first, before purchasing elsewhere a positive saving of 10and even more in some lines.ALL THIS WEEKGray Enameled Steel Coffee Pots,3-pint size, 1st quality, each 19c;Stand Saw Piles,, each 3c; BreadToasters, for coal or gas, 15c; Tinware Mender, a box 15c; Steel -MailBoxes, 19c; Pancy Decorated 7-inchPlates, each 10c; Large size PancyDecorated Salad Bowls, not shallow,but deep, each 35c.YOU ARE GOING TO BE A SANTACLAUS, TOO.You will give presents Christmas,of course. Now is the time, and thisis the opportunity for economical,satisfactory Christmas buying thatNOBODY CAN APPORD TO MtSS.Visit THE PAIR for BEAUTIFULPRESENTS and you will be BOTHpleased and satisfied.THE FAIR.gggB3U:ggM.-gSfcgggglggIgggiggRecreation of Voices!fin!tiCome inand hear thetones ofwonderful3fo.NEW EDthe most remarkable voice-reproducingmachine in the world to-day.For tone, quality and accuracy itstands without a peer in musicdomto-day. Every nicety in the humanvoice or in instrumentation " reproduced with startling fidelity.An ideal Christmas Gift.L. OBERDORFERB 3-10-17THE DRUGGISTtsJag.B-.-pif&iewB,.w.rfrbfe.aiaJinte..INSURANCE!PiRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your fpaficics ""' andlttus have some off your renewals 'YERKES &At fraririrs Traders Bank""- i ". .jSaturday, Dec. 7,AT 10:00 A. MMidway between Lexington, andParis on interurban line and Maysville turnpike.Will first sell two 5-acre tractsfacing the Maysville pike and carline separately and as a whole.Will then sell a 5-acre tract facing the Antioch and Houston pike adjoining tracts 1 -and 2.We will then offer all three as awhole, and 'acceptthe bid that realizes the greatest sum."No. 4 contains 3 acres and facesthe Antioch and Houston pike about200 yards from car line and is a partof same farm.The above lands are all in old bluegrass and is mostly virgin soil. Theselands are a part of the Giltner farmand have been in. the family for halfa century.The owner, Mr. Giltner, has instructed us tosell without reserve," soif you want a small farm come andbuy some of the best on earth.; BOLIVER BOND7 and C. E. BUCKLEY,Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.3 Lexington, Ky.-(3-2t) - lBIGREDUCTIONSIN"VANDJERSEY AND SATINDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSmvreffWithoutTour HomeOur PHONOGRAPHS notRecords, but they are artistic andity, and the prices are most reasonable.only play all Discthe highest qual-Buy YourPhonographForChristmas; (NOWWe deliver when youwish.HearOur RecordsThey have a message for you. rBY THE "BEST ARTISTSCome in now. Don't wait till the last minute.I We are waiting for you now. You can jplay all orpart, as'you please. t .- . .'..XffllJ. T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSfe MOTOR INVALID COACH -UNDERTAKING-EITH ERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN ST-S Aboo va ' vuu inw-vw . ."V AW'irtr-rv,','V iMirarAtnittr whMMr1, jcatrufeKHIS' , tMaoHErs,DirafiafpafCE IS,-y- -t- -iuuAJmxxatr -I--"II-feI.xILS. SvKW-3 14u intfr IIB inmi Pr GSd!w iLJ :5s25fc. QfcrfPfe Ji iW.W VS?-?TTP3t H$&k. I SrafaiVi wt-iz-m t uum.jv'rWSW HIGKESTSI JjtT"SBtUlAJakesLight, Tasty BiscuitsJust let mother call, "Biscuits forTWkfast !'' We're sure there s atreat that cau't be beat m stoicf&r us light, tender biscuitstoasty browji and all puffed upwith croodness ! For mother is sureof her baking powder vaiuuicuShe never disappoints us becausebSSmp2HSIT II"llB.' i nI2$&$ 4T5&8:r i fs -im$BAKIHG'POWBBKnever disappoints her.Tt.'.q dependable. ResultsalwaysAhe same the best.Try .Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approved offi- feciallyby the U.S.Food Authpnties.You Save When You Buy It.You Save When, Yon Use ItENGLAND CELEBRATES AMERICAN THANKSGIVING.LONDON, Dec. 2. The American Thanksgiving Day was celebratedThursday in England as never before. The British people co-operatedin the observance of the anniversaryand entertained Americans in manyplaces.At all the naval bases the Admiralty directed that the Americannaval units be entertained, vfhile theofficers and crews of the five American battle ships in the Firth ofForth were guests on board Britishwarships there.Ill London the program included afootball game at Chelsea betweenteams of sailors and midday dinnerat Albert Hall, where 400 Britishsailors were the hosts of 400 American tars. The British jackies camefrom Portsmouth by train and marched to the hall with a hand.In the morning at the Church forthe Army and Navy BisTlop JamesDe Wolf Perry of Rhode Islandpreached and -read the Bible lesson.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.BOLSHEVJEI WATCHED BY IT.GOVERNMENT AGENTS.S.I,?When you are troubled with indi-estion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indigestion is usually accompanied byxnstipatton and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentlenovement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition.(adv-jan)IciestTrunin?Spread of Bolshevik doctrines inthe United States has been watchedcarefully by Department of Justiceagents with a view to undertakingprosecutions of the agitation goes beyond legal bonds and develops intosedition, officials declared. Thus farthe propaganda has -not reached whatofficials consider dangerous proportions, although they look for its continued growth among foreign populations of cities. In New York andSan Francisco the Bolshevik movement lias become more pronouncedthan in other cities, officials said.Although the agitation is promoted partly by a group of former syndicalists and I. W. W. leaders, investigation shows, say governmentagents it is fostered by a new elementof dissatisfied citizens, favoring abolition of private property rights anddevelopment of government by Sovietcommittees, with' communal controlof industry and trade. Agitators advocate the retention of present industrial leaders, officials say, until theSoviet organization can become morefamiliar with industrial and commercial processes, when they-propose totake over the management.TheGovernment has no interest inpreventing the spread or'developmentofficials declare, until they are translated into utterances or acts directlythreatening to the continuous orderlyfunctioning of the government.To some extent this Bolsehvikpropoganda has been promoted by enemy aliens, and this is one reason forcontinuation by the Department ofJustice of its policy of internments.It was iterated that the departmentwill not disclose the number of enemyaliens now interned or give other information considering internmentpractices until conclusion of peace.SAC3RAMENTO, CAL.f December2. The death sentence imposed onThomas J. Mooney, labor leader, hasbeen commuted to life imprisonment,Governor W. D. Stephens announcedlast week.Mooney was to have been hangedDecember 13 for the mufcTer of Mrs.Myrtle Irene Van Loo, of Meroed,Cal., one of ten persons killed by aclockwork bomb that exploded in SanFrancisco during a "PreparednessDay" parade July 22, 1916.Court action ,to save Mooney fromthe gallows was exhausted by theprisoner, the Supreme Court of theUnited, States having decided recently it could not review the case.Threats of a nation-wide strike incase the Governor' did not intervenehad been made in various .parts ofthe country, and some time ago itwas reported that President Wilsonhad written to the Governor "to seethat Moonev suffered no injustice."The taal Judge also had: requesteda new trial.Governor Stephen's statement announcing the commutation said thatin considering the case he had had before him "the urgent appeal of thefPresident of the United States thatgrant commutation." ."Originally, in January of thisyear," he said, "I received a letterfrom the President asking me if itwould not be possible to postponethe execution of Mooney until hecould be tried upon one of the other!indictments against him."Inasmuch as an appeal alreadyhad been iaKen to the Supreme Courtof California, which appeal itselfacted as a stay of execution, therewas at that time no occasion for action on mv nart. I take it that thePresident was not correctly informe'djas to the status oi tne case."In explaining why he had not feltcalled on to act previously, the Govi nw,i said!"The case as presented t6 the California Courts was that of murder,without further evidence of motivethan the impossible tenets of anarchists, whose sympathies for theGerman cause in " the war are wellknown. Their wild pacifist theoriesfitted into the -'widespread activitiesof the Kaiser agents in this country."A number of persons of pronounced anarchist tendencies were ar-I rested shortly after the explosion,and of these Warren K. Billings wasconvicted and sentenced to life imprisonment and Thomas J. Mooneyfound guilty and sentenced to be) hanged.&o long as the avenues of appealto the courts remained open to Mooney and he was availing himself thereof, I deemed it improper for execute authority to interfere.."The statement reviews the case fully; and quotes the two messages fromPresident Wilson, in which the actionriow taken by the Governor was suggested. The commutation, says theGovernor, reduces the case to thestatus of that of Warren K. Billings."I refuse to recognize this case asin any fashion representing a clashbetween capital and labor," the Gov-eiuui: sam, aim ne cnaractenzea asabsurd the propaganda that wouldmake Mooney appear as a martyr tothe cause of labor. In support of hisstatement he quotes a letter fromAlexander Berkman, outlining theplan afterward adopted for theMooney campaign.He denied that Moonev was a truefriend of labor and characterized hisprevious record as such that it didnot enlist faithvin him among lawabiding citizens, but said in conclusion that this particular case hadbeen decided on its merits.The two messages sent by President Wilson follow:The White House,"Washington, D. C, March 27, 198."Governor William D. S.tephens,Sacramento, Cal.:"With very great respect I Ttakethe liberty of saying to you that ifyou could see your way. to commutethe sentence of Mooney it wouldhavea "most heartfelt effect uporf certain.iiibCLiiaiiuiiai auairs wmcn ms execution would greatly complicate."WOODROW WILSON."fc4- Is what you get if you take the Pu.gazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much greater than ret" can supply. We court a thorough in-. V-Testigation."The White House, Washington,D.C,'"3:51 P. M., June 4, 1918."Hon. William D. Stephens, Sacramento, Cal.:"I beg that you will believe thatI am moved only by a sense or publicduty and of consciousness of themany and complicated interests involved when I again most respectfully suggest a commutation of thedeath sentence imposed upon Mooney.I would, not venture again to callyour attention to this case did I notknow the international sicmificanp.fiwhich attaches to it."WOODROW WILSON."fca 15MAMMA! DON'T YOUSEE YOUR CHILD ISN SICK, CONSTIPATEDLok. At Tongue -.Move PoisonsFrom Liver and BowelsAt Once.Send for Booklet 'The FugazzaWay Leads o the Highest Positions"and .you'll be convinced that this isthe best school for you to attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. to-meet prospective students. Enrollnow and be ready to start when the"flu" ban is Taised.Fugazzi School of.; - BusinessEfficiency is Our Watchword"3iise Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Jifr. L. V. Jonas, Ast. J?rihcipf.118 N. Uvter St.. Secoai Flotr.i Leximetoa. Xy. "Mother! Your child isn't naturallycross, and peevish. See if tongue iscoated; this is a sure sign its" littlestomach, liver and bowels need acleansing at once.When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,l has stomach-ache, diarrhoea, re&nem-oer, a gentle liver and bowel cleansing should always be the first treatment given.Nothing equals "California Syrupof Figs" for children's ills; give a Teaspoonful, and in a few hours airthefoul waste, sour bile and fermenting'food which is 'clogged in the bowelspasses out of the system, and youhave a well playful child airain. All- children love this harmlessdeliomuciv "fruit laxative," and it never fails to, enect a good "inside" cleansing. Directions for babies, children of allages and grpwn-ups are pUinly printed on the bottle. lKeep it iandy in your home. A. little given to-day saves a sick' child to-,morrow, but get the genuine. Asyour druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Figs," them lookfandsee that it is made by tfte 'California Fig Syrup Company." S (adv)Have started .their buying bySetting useful presentsRocker or other pieces of Furniture that will please the family.Get; the Habit of GivingSomething Good, 'BHfkf' iHMSr ' Do Your - GHf 'I-fefriHKF S CHRISTMAS' llH IIr'FpMl ; shopping lKBMfllHi early . WKmimkMOOtl. 'You'll Like It! Jf iLJiWI Si- XiZL Islins -' ibiHi ' EARLY HwSI, CHRISTMAS 11111f:M shoppers 1P81BBBM -ntPvJaintiTJ-jiBNMWKvr yfrK ay rTTingTra nice HH9feft&&!H3HKrBKPIilliillli111 wlmWH-Wm ur stock Will help you 1pllilfP to decide your Christ- s:PE v mas Gift, and will help l''5 you to make the many rSinAiutmiii iniiiiiiiu;. lresl"lBlWpM GET A BISSELL SWEEPER iEb1MjmM Main n Third Sts. Opposite Court House pHy9HfTELEGRAPHY.(Detroit News)One never tires of marveling atwhat telegraphy can do to a message.An up-State correspondent was queried" about a coal boat going agroundand the bewildering reply came back,"Can find nothing about the coalboat drowned." But the prize istaken by the message sent from Detroit signed by the sender's nickname, "Tude." ."Meet me at 10:05 train. Tude."It arrived: "Meet me at 10:05rain. Nude."m sIce skates have been sent to theAmerican soldfers in Russia by theRed Cross.RUB LUMBAGO PAINOR BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief From Pain, Backache,Soreness, Stiffness, Sciatica WithSt. Jacob's Liniment."Back hurt you? Can't straightenup without feeling sudden pains,sharp aches and twinges? Nowlisten! That's "lumbago, sciatica, ormaybe from a strain, and you'll getblessed relief the moment' you, - xubyour back 'with soothing, penetiating "St. Jacob's Liniment!"- Nothingelse takes out soreness, lameness andstiffness so quickly." You simply ubit on and out comes the pain. ' It isperfectly harmless and doesn't burnor disorder the skin.Limber up! Don't suffer!.. 'Get asmall triaj bottle from any; drugstore, and after using it just 1 once,you'll forget that you ever hadl back-'.ache, iumbago- or sciaticav bpcauseyour back will never hurt or4 causeany more misery. It never- disan-I points and has been recommended for.w jrcaao. ouuy uruggingt, KioneysiThey don't cause backache, becausethey haye no nerves, therefore- cannot cause pain. (adv)I 1 mUruguay is the littlest SoutIi,American republic. Next to .the? Belgianthe American .colon v Triors iTT -T-- F"rat, uui xjveijr-jaouer-lcan in Urguay average, a monthlysubscription - of $5.00 'in Americangold to the Red Cross.iiaistiggSJijEggggygaggg:;'"!' l'"MuBest Canned Soupsper canl 1 0cScudders Maple Syrup -,per-half- gal $ 1 .24Pancake Flourper package 1 5cIrish Potatoes. ; 3c" Sweet Potatoesperpojand 4c" Cabbagev per pound 3 1-2cYork Imperial Apples-er peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper pe.ck, . .. 90cNew Mince Meatper-packaee- 1J2c HThis .mince meat is, sweetened readyfof use, Seemy line of Purei Fruit Prt-serves.iMRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERY0ppoite; Court. Hons.eww..M.raMIt is' Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou-will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave" a full line of the celebratedrWilsonOdorless Heatem-to select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYKSXSXSiXBKBM BBK K"i:: . ,W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORiVIotor EquipmcntpPBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Plsant Strrt$, Paris, Ky.y.l'khi12 AFrench; wax orphans 48 boys, andgirls in equal niweber hare adoie4thc""!!! Infantry of OWo!' At leastthat's the way the soldiers tell it.Beinii.100 per cent Red Cross isthe next mt thijqr to being 100 perjCpt America Red., Cross Christmas Roll Cali Decwaber IS 23 givrrf7 oe a ckanc to qualify.A'MTUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 118jPLY? WELl,DGW'T BE!fe0p with Dr. Edwards'f Olive Tablets.-A minply fece will not embarrass yourhlonger if you get a package of Dr.Shards Olive Tablets. The .skin shouldJgjjj to clear after you have taken theLwets a few nights.Cleanse the blood,tlie bowels and the liver-rith Dr- Edwards Olive Tablets, the sue--ssfulsubstitute f pr calomel; there's never7 sickness or -pain after taking them.Dr Edwards Olive Tablets do thatrhich calomel does, and just as effectively,Jjut their action is gentle and safe insteadj severe and irritating.jjo one who takes NOlive Tablets isc7er cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no good"feeling constipation, torpid liver, bad' &positioa or pimply face.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arey a Vi ww6w.-w.w wvipwiuiu UUAMjtn ouve on; you wm Know xnemby their olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with liver and bowelcompIaints and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective resultTake one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look.20c nd 25c per box. All druggists.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEJSAGENTDown Goes TheHigh Cost of LivingMargolen's Big Specials ofFreh Home-Killed MeatsFtr Friday and Saturday.Rr Lb.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets 27cCountry Bacon 35cPork Chops 35cPork Roast ' .35cRound Steak 35cLoin Steak 35cSpring Lamb, -hind quarters . .35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. T30cPure Pork Sausage 35cSmoked Hams, 10 toJL2 lbs. . .35cSliced Ham -40cBreakfast Bacon - .Hog Jowls f or rGreens .25cMARGIN'SSanitary Meat MarketftRIGHTEIC AcEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof ,a home, or makes life moreworth livingr than a well illuminated house.2foTor iwmTt' the onIy satisfactory way.9se SasJ.vT1"i $. ?ji- y 'ftIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yob Up- FtrtheUietl BirthElectricity aad.Jras.tfECiT'Paris Gas & Electric Co.HQW BMTAL'HUHS iJiSSA&RE(C. V. Gombe In Leslie's.) xIt is a funny thing, but a soldierin action always thinks it's the otherfellow who is going to get bowledover. Men were dropping all aroundme, wounded or killed or because thefire was too hot to proceed. I ranalong exultant and tremendously excited. "They can't hit me, the .(sons of guns, I was going to say)."But at that moment a bullet hit mein the head and dropped jme.Within a short time .Germanswere swarming around me and Iwas a prisoner. Before long German officers had gathered up allwounded and unwounded prisonersable to walk and made of them ascreen to protect their final assaultagainst our position on the' hill.Even that was -not so bad as usingcivilians, as the Hun often does.The situation there was very badwhen the Germans emerged withtheir prisoner screen in front oftheir fixed bayonets. Six runnersL. JT .1 ... - Nuaa Deen sent oacK ana were presumably killed. No Supplies were insight. The Canadian officer in chargedecided that it' was useless" to "killhis own men in an effort to stop theGermans in his then desperate plight.He therefore surrendered.In the meantime German 'mop-pers-up"were working down ourtrench toward me. All our woundedwho could not walk back werekilled on the spot? Dugouts full ofwounded were blown up by handgrenades. Those in the open werebayoneted or shot in cold blood.And all this was done, as I afterward learned, because the GermanRed Cross ambulances would be busyfor three days taking their ownnonwalking cases back. Humanekultur would -not leave us to sufferand die of exposure, and so it waskilling us. Two of jmy comradesfrom the Trill, freshly made prisoners, found me and carried me backwhen the murdering "moppers'up"were within only fifty feet of me.Hi taiA SOLDIER'S BAJ3K HER DESK.(London Times.)A contact of King George andQueen Mary, on their visit to Lincoln, with the American soldiers stationed there ended a novel incident.Capt. M. W. Mack, of the UnitedStates War Risk Bureau, who hascharge in England of the life insurance of American soldiers, was presented to the King and Queen, whasked him many questions about theschejme he is controlling.The conversation became quitefree and unconventional, and at theclose Capt. Mack 'produced an envelope and a fountain pen and asked theQueen for her autograph. ThejQueentook the envelope and looked aroundtor something on whfch to rest herjaper. ,gergt. Walty, also an American, suddenly stooped down and offered his broad back as a desk. TheKing and Queen both laughed heartily and fell in with the spirit of theJsituation.The autograph was written andCapt. Mack'then passed the pen andpaper to the King. Sir Henry Fowlerthis time offered his back as a desk,but a hitch occurred. The inkipenrefused to flow. -Sir Henry Fowlercame to the rescue. Producing a penfrom his own pocket, he said; "Thisis English, your Majesty; will youtry it?" vhtf-Englfshipen wprjeedsatisfactorily andUCapkfMapk gqt-hissecond autograph. ,The king enjoyedthe episode immensely. As for Capt.,Mack, tliat .officer, with a beamingface, pocketed "his, envelope and remarked. "This may Tiotbe military,but it's human."-m'jm mDEPiJRTM-itEaSfTOBIl HEJUDGES AXHVESTOCESHOWF. R. Marshall, Acting Chief of theAnimal Husbandry Division, UnitedStates Department of Agriculture,and E. Z. Russell, in charge of swineinvestigations, are to act as judges atthe Interantibnal Live Stock Show tobe held at Chicago, November 30 toDecember 1. Mr. Marshall is to beone of the judges in tlie7 student judging contest, and Mr. Russell alternatejudge of Duroc-Jersey swine. Extension field men tfithef department areorganizing and will .conduct partiesof interested stockmen to thejfoternational. Owing to a , scarcity ofworkers the Bureau of Animal Industry will not have educational exhibits at the International this year.THE NAILED NAILBRUSHES.A visitor to a smart London clubwas astonished to see that in "thelwash-room the nailbrushes werenailed to the wall above the. washstandsO ' i ,"It is possible' the visitor s aid,"that .the s'menhcrs Jsteal henail;?brushes and you have to nail them4ownxforsaety-s&akr'' iOh,,no.' saidjhis host, .intt ne.laughed fjathe;are honest enouglhave only one'jarmua... v -v? . . . - . v l.cJ4iv,Mcio5 n ftfg w.lln order that'our many one-araneu iueuiucio vm.'use .them."ThelUd Cross Js heir to about J,-000.000T-one-halforShe'state.oCtheJate James A. Scrypnser, a New Yorkbanker.l PliTo provide Belgian children .withshoes, "' the -Americaned' CrossjfcasLimogesr11 "Quwa??W V.. 4- matrnf tltbtYli' - ' viH&fcjfV!'.Wd nail ourHEBOUKBOir NEWS,niTO-M- A VTO DvnAnnmti . ,- I. -SOUTH :AiattCA. . ,-German propagandadnSouthAmer-ica has taken the form of a. well-organizedcampaign of street cornerloap hpx"" -speakers, haranguingagainst the allied blacklists. Thespeakers base their arguments on thehigh cost of living, which they traceto these blacklists..Evidently a large number of speakers have .been engaged, for in allparts of the business district, ofBuenos Aires, and at all 'hours thereare small groups of listeners arounda speaker who is mounted on a wooden soap box. And as he moves fromone corner to another he is followedby a mounted member of the SecuritySquadron.These speakers are advertised asbeing members of the "Liga ProEquidad," which might be translatedas the Equity or Justice-League.This league has an office -near thebusiness center. Over the entrance toit is a shield that was so prominentduring the Luxburg neutrality campaign, but which had disappeared,the shield of the Pro-NeutralityLeague, so designated as to make theoffice appear to be an office of the Argentine Government. "The shield is the same size andshape as those which designate Government offices, bears the same kindof lettering and has in its center tieArgentine national coat of arms.Last year this shield guarded adoorway at one of the busiest cornersin the city, and at the head of thestairs was the neutrality office whichwas maintained by German funds,supplied largely through the newspaper. La Union. At the head of thestairs it now guards the office of the'Pro-Justice League," organized tostir up ill feeling among the' Argentines on the argument that the alliedblacklists are responsible for the highcost of living.The only newspaper in the city supporting this" league is La Union, theinUOUI T3 S0S9dOOO'OI JojCpjsqns U3raftijeAo) nera-J80 ; pamizjqc; pu-B pasB 'aaati jop-BSSBqrav injuurao -iauuoj oqi 'SjnqA PLASTERING KINK.(W. F Perry in Electric World.)The electrician is frequently required in the installation of wires infinished buildings, to cut holes here'and there' through the plastered wallsor ceilings. Before these holes canbe replastered some sort of backingmust be put in which will take theplace of the lath. The majority ofmen make use of old rags or paperfor this purpose.The writer, in replastering holes,uses a backing of ordinary wirescreen. The wire should be cut aboutone-quarter-inch larger than the holeto 'be filled, .and when pressed intoit will be found to make a good, stiffbacking, as the edges hold it firmlyin place. Far lees -plaster will benecessary with this b'ack'-than' withthe otherswhich will cover the costjof "the Wire Screen .and. a mgrework-manlike and durable job is obtained.HOW-IS THIS?Long had he worshiped her atr adistance, but his shyness prevented,him from proposing. Then, one evening, for the sake -of sweet charity, a 1theatrical performance took place, in'which the charmer ;was leading -ladyand more adorable than ever. Afterward the shy admirer drew near, hislove made valiant by the sight of herbeauty. "You are the star of theevening," he says as they stood alone Iin a corner. T"You are first to tell me so," saiclthe damsel with a happy blush. ?"Then," he retorted promptly;"may I not claim my reward as anastronomer?" ,The lady looked puzzled. "Whatreward?" she asked."Why, the rightto give my nameto the star I have discovered!J1COMMPN COMPLAINT(Washingtpn Star.)"Even the field hospitals close up tothe firing line in France find time foran occasional laugh," -writes MalcolmAdams, of the ted Cross.A party of wounded marines werebeing taken to a hase hospital on amiichv overcrowded motor truck. TheJnurse accompanying them becamebecame anxious about their wounds"I hope I am not hurting any ofyou," she said."You're hurting me a lot," repliedon jof the soldiers."But I am nowhere near you," exclaimed the nurse indignantly."That's what's hurting me," wasthe calm reply.MAKE SORGHUM SERUP TO BEPLACE SftGAR.A -scheme to utilize a .part of thesjgrghum, crop, jEor mkin'g a -k sugarsuDstitute ior,nujman rooa is Deingcarried rout dh Douglas County, Ne-!braslca. In one community, through tthe efforts of , the local reounty- agent.'the services 'of an experienced (soivghum sirup i maker. AJthoghj thsirup uicuue av. uiib mm lb Dtjmg.suimki - he 'ifin r:i-ii JIJliindications are tha't the&enyMulIcaJiothenow incently a "meeting of interested menin Red sWillbw County, waBucglleiwith the heln of the local countvla cent to organize a 'stock comnanv toI h n nri 1 A T nAhnUllMiAa ftn i TrmM.ww 4vll1IO.UU1C IUC EHJl SJULUU. bUIC jJlUfVU 1Ujjltpat oiokrici;.-" 1 jf. IAn emr;encyjaH for 1.50Q mattresesfor anAmerican aviatiomsection in England, -was answreisix iarmers co-ogerateg in purcnasingta smair sorghum minaiuU ?seeure4?PARIS, KENTUCKYk"BILty AND T5E kAjaRThe hundreds of "thousands whohave enjoyed the -delightful 'fun of"Miss Minerva and William. GreenHill" (now in its twenty-fourth edition) will welcome this new book,"Billy -and the Major" starts where"Miss Minerva'Meave off. The Majorand Miss Minerva return from their"honeymoon," as Billy terms It "foif'n they's honejfthey mus be somebees" ana then the three of themsettle down to a new existence anexistence quite as colorful and full ofincident as the 'one Billy enjoyed -inthe days of Miss Minerva's spinsterhood. William Green Hill was happy. "Major Minerva," as he calledthe veteran warrior, and he weresworn allies. He saw unlimited-possibilitiesin the .new arrangement.And then when Wilkes Booth Lincoln suddenly appeared, muddy and'Deaaraggied, Billy's cup of happinesswas filled to overflowing.The same drollery and comedy ofchildhood that made Miss Minervaand William Green Hill,"" so universally popular is to be found in "Billyand the Major." Every lover of theearlier story will want to follow thepranks and innocent rascalities of themost delightful group of youngstersin the literature of our day.a idFRENCH GIRLS PROSPEROUS.Before the war, according to M.Lauzanne, the Paris editor, theFrench girl might work in a department store at 40 cents a day; shecould be a seamstress and earn evenless, or she could marry the man herparents selected for her. From 40cents her, earning capacity has jumped to $2 and more a day. Whereasa bank account was a rare thing withFrench women before the war, savings bank deposits for France haveshown a big increase since 1914,largely because of accounts openedby women war workers. After thewar it is predicted thousands of themwill desert the old lines of employment to engage in work as stenographers, bookkeepers, and in the law.medicine, journalism and other professions. ROTH WERE "PROUD. " '(Chicago Tribune.)Anna, the maid, having picked upa wooly sheep, a soldier boy, a Teddybear, and many kindred treasuresstrewn about, vigorously preceeded totidy up the apartment. Mother camehome 'and expressed a warm approval.Much gratified, the maid remarkedwith pride; "It takes me to cleanup."With equal pride Delia remarked:"It certainly takes -me to -dirty up.That gives you a lovely chance to getpraised by muvver."KSEg3itUg&ggflifc-ii&aU.Mgg8SaDolourChrismasShoppingNow;iHTrtMOur stock-is complete and readyfor immediate inspection. Watchourrdisplay.JmPjDepartment StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky. g&BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, Pies, grocery"VfruitsFresh VegetablesJIEATDEPARTMENTRbatsLamb, JkltdBrainsiV 2';jrlV6rory Co.xTinos.WILMOTH,RWM- v--- ' .." f '"' , , PAGE SETDT '' ', -SEEESSSSESESSm (An International Service Builton Tmy Profits Per PomKlSomeindustries have been able to get instep with war demands more quickly thanothers.In many cases mighty plants have sprungup but at a prodigious cost.The packing industry was able to adaptitself to unheard of demands more qtrickiy,perhaps, than any other industry. -And thiswas because the vast equipment of packingplants, refrigerator cars, branch houses, etc.,had been gradually developed to its presentstate of efficiency, so' that in the crucial hourit became a mighty international system foivwar service. '.And how had this development taken place?Not by making vast inroads into the capital wealth of the country, but largely by using,from year to year, a portion of the profits, toprovide for expansion.Swift ft Company's profits hav always been sotiny, compared with sales, that they have had practically no effect on the price of meat (amounting Ho onlya fraction of a cent per pound).And yet the owners of the business have beencontent with reasonable returns on their capital, andhavebean. able, year after year, to put part of theprofits back into the business to prorid for itsexpansion.These fractions of tiny profits hare-basn vafaid. toto the public many .fold in the form of better service,and "better and cheaper meat, -and made it possible forSwift ft Company to meet, undaunted, the ddaacry for meat for overseas.1 Could any other method of financing a vitalindustry involve less hardship :otbe people of thecountry? Could there be a better ins sac of true"profit-sharing" than this return in idaed nasfusrn. Iand in national preparedness ?Swift & Company, U. -& A.iBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsH Telephone' No. 4txXXg t II W pMT "jy ?,'..i.i5? ments in laundry appliances m7-",' A'l -iSjgjf . and expert helpers we are 'jSur'iI The Bourbon Laundry jParis,New lOirectoryMotile Telephone Co.Our new "directory will go to press within the heirfuture, and if you areTthinkJng of haying, atelephonevt installed we would he clad to fionirp "arifhvATi ttW-mittedlby thB iQorenMientwnere service is neeaea ior esseiUHUury ties, aoapvided we have facilities and the ' .'Service " ConnectionCharge" is paidyheuTjiscTlber. rmfr&m$Zbtfkryreasonable-compared witb that of piping your home forwater or gas, prwiringltf or electric lights, and imposedby the Governments war jneiurare only.Paris Hme Telejilwoe & Tclgrapfc Co.(Iasofftrated.)J. J. VEATCH. ' W. H. CUDrOM.District-Maaajrcr'-K. jLaunftry,West Fift rStrea MjtvJa"JI-issdrIM,uHi lai nui run1 :"FlOUR WATCHWORD! JWith all thftlatpstiTinnrovp- w(MTICriWIUi prepareaTo ao wors lnie- pJ rior to none, and solicit myour patronage. Mpi 1 M.Kentucky 2;-torotke :jew-ift)iipns WJ i f-v'VN-MK.s't1'(started shoe factories jautoperatedVbyBcfgians;- &-4j-uj mcfivcu. ututxi iu.icnuuHin. iis3&' i Asif v'&...'- t - - ,'-..- i 1& u- v i -:tU --4 & -' . rf, ' -i L-.r 7ft XiV-t -rK.r:-, - J"2jK ' t- J&' "r't&iJ?&' " -iv:I'iwVvv"- ,rs' -v: "V.,. y ...... ,.. . ..,& "'4..X CKfIffc'it,fAftEEMfrr' -3FHE BOUBBOliVHEWS.itfggttiv.VV -r&:l,. JSir -'MILLERSBURG ,,- - ;,; .)r ,.-- j8S Mr. D. IS. -'Clarke left Saturdayj for a, ten-days' hunting "trip In Miss1-rlwilipi. l ";v Dp. W. G. Dailey was in Cincin-Tfiiati, professionally, from Friday un-HtH Sunday.; . Miss Edith Wood left Sunday to4"i!MMpie her duties in the Graded! Sckool at Brpoksville.Mr." and' Mrs. Bayless DeBell ze-? .tamed, to theirt hpme at Ewing, Sun-, , daughter , Mrs. "R. M. Caldwell.t Embroidery Floss in all shades.Crochet thread m all colors and sizes.) AIL kinds of stamped goods forChristmas. Call on.(3-2t) MRS. JAS. B. CRA&.j Mr. R. L. Buffington, of-Colum-Tras,O., was the guest of his sister-r.'ia-IawvMrs. W. M. Miller, from Wed;.3weday until Sunday. Mrs. Bufflng-toa has heen in the Miller home;i about two weeks.Several of our citizens present: .ed'the Millersburg Red Cross Chap,' ter with a red Duroc gilt, weighingabout' one hundred and forty pounds.? lite same was auctioned off Satur-day afternoon in front of the Farmers; "Bank by Mr. W. D Mclntyre, andwas finally knocked off to ' Mr. Lst-ton, Vimont at $127.50.' . Mr. H. C." Current lias been miis. tered out of .war service, and return. eel home from Camp "Sheridan, Fri'i day. He is 'looking well and is beJ'impr heartily received by his friends.( Mr. Harvey Rogers has also been,- mustered- out of the service-and ar; rived home from- Minnesota, Friday.There has been no new cases of' influenza in the past few days. Thecltifdren of Mr. and Mrs. W. C.Crouch are improving nicely, whilethose of Mr: and Mrs. E. T. Sheelerr "holding' their own. The case Of'Htfe.'X. J. Thackston has developedinto pneumonia, but is 'doing as well-asebuld be expected at this writing.'"- Millersburg was startled lastMonday night when it was learnedthat -Mr. Peter O'Donnell was in'twh.' Those who first saw him at adistance could not realize it was him,andwere badly frightened, believinghis ghost had appeared in theirmidst. Some indeavored to get outot theway as "Pete" approachedthem, and as they could go no furtherhe: made himself known to them andJlnally convinced them "that it was"rot. his ghost, but old "Pete" himself,ybdut ten years ago Mr. O'Donnell!nt to Canada with Messrs. J. M.zdssl F. M. Caldwell to seek his fortune. Two years later he visited hisold. Kentucky honte'v for severalweeks, returning again to Canada.Shortly after this Messrs. J. M. andF.M. Caldwell returned to Kentuckyhaving -made their fortune. However, Mr. O'Donnell did not returnwith therm After the Caldwell"brothers had sold their possessions inCanada, O'Donnell left their sectionof the country and until last Monday night his whereabouts was unknown. Lietters were written to himrepeatedly and also to the postmaster of the town in which he had resided. It was soon learned that hehad ' gone f rom this - place but hadleft ho address. For a long time after this it was known that he had'money in a Canadian bank, but samehad been uncalled for. His friendswere thoroughly aroused and an effort "was made to locate him, which,however, was uneffectual. Aboutfddr years ago the general publicwho- had known Mr. O'Donnell cameto the conclusion that he was dead,andfio the world in which he livedseftled. down again to its normalaats. As the years went by "Pete"bebame further removed from the.jrreeent, and recently you could onlyhear such exclamations as, "PooroHL'Pefc.n Where did he die? WasheMoully dealt with?" The publicdecided that he was, in a loud voiceit said, "If he were not foully dealtwith he would write vto someone,"asd so it breathed peace to its soul,acd regretted that he could not haver resting place by the side of his parata And other members of his familyat Paris. It is not difficult then toreaUxe the consternation which wasariyftsed when it learned that "Pete"war aot only alive, but actually inIlillllllllHIIIHHUiHHMIHHMtWWtilMHIItl' rttivTKe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSt1 Malnl. x mm Sixthl!l StreetsParisMoter equipment.' AmfcuUnci caifs premptly attended to with ourUmiuttnt Invalid Coach.' Hearst used for funeral purposes only.fe-st H,42H& v-,c-fIlMIIIIIIIIHIIIIHlMi1 1Millersburg. : Many were dued, Allsurprised aridpbihe could not. realizeit for t Iat twenty-four hours "af-terward. TV1ien,. the consternationsomewhat subsided, everybody want-ed "an intended with "Pete.'' Afterleaving- the Caldwell brothers,be went into other parts of Canada,Shortly before the war broke out in1914 he lef Canada for the States.The last your years Ae spent largely,in Washington, and Oregon., He!-says he is glad to et back homeagain, but will not promise to remainIhere. Now that the first shock ofhis being here is over it will be mucheasier to get an interview with himabout one hundred and forty pound.of the past eight years of his life maybe gleaned.NO WTHAT TJSE WAE IS OVERNow that the war is over, the government should make haste to cutexpenses which are eating up thecountry with taxes. Secretary McAdoo now wants six billions insteadof four, and it is said that babies willnot live long enough not to feel theweight of the taxation that will necsarily have to be imposed. Ofcourse, it will take time to demobilize the army, but not a momentought to be lost in doing so. Thereare now more than three million menunder arms and they are costing millions' of money. An order ought tobe made permitting the retirementfrom the army at once all who areneeded at home, and who can showthat a job awaits them. It would bea hardship to throw millions of menwithout prospect of employment on"their own resources, but those whocan step right into useful employment ought to be released with as little delay as possible.Now that the war news is a thingof the past, we respectfully suggestthat the dailies discontinue theirscare headlines. A great deal of goodwhite paper has been wasted withthem, the publishers seeming to goon the nronosition that the averagei man is blind or. can "be fooled withheads that are often misleading anddo not express the subject matter beneath them. It was said of Mr. Wat-terson years ago that he gave orders-that not a double head should appearon the first page of the Courier-Journal,unless a story approaching thecrucifiction of Christ should be cov-nrnA TilTy XKTn f f .arcrm Tine: rlmnnpflfrom' the 'controlling head of the paper, but we are glad to see that hissuccessor is making it resume thenoipnal headings.a 1 MPAT'S SHARP -SHAVE.( Pittsburg Chronicler-Telegraph )The unconquerable Pat, being oneday in town, found his way into abarber's shop to get a shave. As 'itwas near dinner time and the barber was feeling the gnawings of hunger he became rather hasty over thejob and was unfortunate in inflictingseveral cuts on Pat's cheeks. Theshave being coppleted, Pat arose and,approaching a table on which was aglass of water, he took a mouthfuland rocked his head from side to side."Anything the matter?" asked thebarber."Not much," came Pat's reply. "Iwas only trying just to find outwhether my mouth would still holdwater without leaking."EXPBESS BATES INCREASE ANNOUNCED BY McADOO.General increases in express rateswere announced by Director McAdoo,of the Railroad Administration before his resignation from that office.East of the Mississippi and north ofthe Ohio and Patomac rivers, the newrates on merchandise will be about-10 to 17 cents a hundred poundsmore than at present. The increaseon food rates will be about 75 percent as much. -For the remainder of the country,the merchandise rate will be increased about 10 to 12 cents a hundredpounds over the present scale andtheincrease in food rates will be approxi-amtely 75 per cent. The increases,it was announced', are due to increasein wages and become effective January 1."Hinton Co. I!Ky.Day phone 36Nlfcht : . .56or Home 2861 1 1 1 1 mm 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 un n M2c J.'''4,'DEATHS. f-DENTON.IMrl Thos. G. Denton,., agedeighty-five, a prominent-Montgomerycounty farmer, died at his home inthat county last week, after a shortillness. He was an- uncle 'of-Mr.Henry S. Cay wood, of North Middle-,town. . He was well and favorablyknown here, where he had often-visited.- KENNEY.Mr. Owen D. Kenney, a formerresident of Bourbon, county, died inCincinnati last week after a long illness of acute .nephritis. He 'was anephew of Mr? M. F. Kenney, ofParis. Besides his father, Mr. Jos. B.Kenney, of Lexington, he is survivedby four sisters, Miss Emma Kenney,Mrs. Martha Herrick, Miss QuintillaKenney and Mrs,., S.C. Mayhall,' all ofLexington. The body was interred inthe Lexington Cemetery, Saturday,with short services conducted at thegrave.' HOLLEY.The funeral. of Mrs. Mary EllenHolley, aged sixty-seven, who diedSunday morning at her home onClifton avenue, in this city, of pneumonia, was held yesterday afternoon, "with services conducted in theWinchester Cemetery by Rev. G; W.Bird, of that city.Mrs. Holley is survived by t.twosons, J. F. Holley, of Paris;five daughters, Mrs. Sarah Palfreyand Mrs. John Hanks, of Clarkcounty; Mrs. Sam Boone and Mrs.George Bartlett, of Paris, and Mrs.James Johnson, of Lexington ;; andtwo brothers, I. S. Boone and. Thos.Boone,, of Stanton, Ky. vHONAKER.The funeral of Mrs. Bettie'Bruner Hbnaker, aged seventy-one years,Lexington, was, .held Friday after-noon, with services conducted at thegrave in the Lexington Cemetery byRev. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington.Mrs. Honaker'.is: survived by -oneson, Mr. John T3. Jgfonaker, employedby Daugherty Bros., in Parish onedaughter, Mrs. Fred B. Morgenson, ofLexington, four sisters, Mrs. AnnaAdamson, of Nashville, Tenn., Mrs.Mattie B. Yates, of Lexington, Mrs.George Ferguson, of Clark county;Mrs. Japnes A. Wilson, of Argenta,Ark., and one brother, Mr. Jos. Bruner, of Jeffecrson City, Mo.W f91 ffl .MATRIMONIAL. ? e' 4VWALKER POPLIN.Miss Mary Willie Walker.ofWinchester, and Mr. Eric C. Poplinof Paris, were married at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev. jL T, Spencer, in Lexington, Fridayafternoon. The bride is a daughterof Mrs. J. D. Yocum, of Winchester.The groom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Alvin Poplin, of Lexington, and isengaged in the life insurance business in Paris. Miss Florence Walkerand Mr. Charles Yocum, both of Winchester, were the attendants. Thebest wishes of a host of friends gowith the happy couple, who willmake their hpin in this city. 3 ." . ft T.4 -'many kehiuqky Droops jhdWOT (jST w action. r.Neither the 84th nor the 38 th di-.visions, both of which are scheduledto return soon from overseas, kokany active part in the war beforethe signing of the armistice, according to the statement paade by:rtheCmef of Staff, Gen. Peyton C. March.The 84th Division, composed largelyof Kentucky and Indiana troops thatwere trained at Camp Taylor, is nowJocated at Neuvic, and the 3 8th division, made up of national guaids-men from Kentucky and Indiana forthe most part that were trained atCamp Shelby, has its headquarters atReze. It is expected that the members of these two divisions will arrivein this country within three weeksand that unless there is some slipupin the present plans of the War. Department the Kentucky soldier beyswui ue uemuDiuzea in time tor tnemto eat Christmas turkey at home.' TiH 1R5 W ' "JttJSIC IN DAIRY BAHNS. -"Phonograph music, occasionallysupplanted by orchestra music, hasbecome a regular milk time featurein 'the dairy barn on a large stock:j"arni in Ohio, according to the Popular Mechanics Magazine. Commercial, rather than urtistic, reasonshave prompted the introduction ofthis feature, it having been f oundafthe tne of some melodious selection",the cows, are greater when milkejd to.the aune of some melodious selection.On several occasions an orchestra hasplayed for the sows with the same-result,namely, an increase over'Jtheprevious normal yield of milk. JJl eegular surprise.( Stars Nand Stripes.)"I've got an idea," said- the guardhouse strategist. "You know the -waythey fight now. The engineers go inand dig ditches, the infantry comesup and occupies them, arid theiitheartillery first, the infantrynextandif you turned them around, with theartillery lrst, the infantry next .ndthe engineers last, just think what asurprise it would give the Germans!"& "What would the engineers do?"isked No. 7 post of the third relief. 'And before the guardhouse, strategist .could answer; No., 3. potovthe:aecomq rmieiDuuea i ana spoilec'itrliildittsmne WluiwItidSa";m7TTDo Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts OnlyMm JwNHL AwSKs. 1 nal mM. M411 mair vi liHili IK l it- !HnWiu B jWllWPiJffl I 1 T'-TMgfllWlUUUUSBH't "WHBBnMn nil Ir In t. ' v ' . jh miii iii - -'ltd I llff H '61111 -Copyright 1918 Hart Schaffncr & Marx7th and MainHoliday ;rHBakh 'KMkfHPQMMn't"fcTV?5'Ma a f .Specials For ThisMen's Romeos$2. 00 valuesThe Following are ButBargainsLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,custom made, at.......Ladies' Mahogany Tan English fcf AABoots, calf tops, at: 0UULadies' Mahogany Tan English q anBoots, cloth tops to match, at. s0.2IOLadies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low heel, at .'Ladies' Gun Metal, button,.low heel, at. . . . v :han rtnurkit,iftParis' Qreatiest Sbee Stwe;fo l: -Give Only the ThingsThat Are Useful!You'll find this store a good place to come for thethings men want for the things men buy for themselves Our name in any article is.a sign of quality. Itmeans that whoever gets your gift will have respectfor your taste.Here are some suggestions:HandkerchiefsHosieryNeckwearSuit Cases ; .Hand BagsUmbrellasCuff ButtonsA Suit orPlease Him!We will be glad to assist you in selecting a Suit orOvercoat for his Christmas gift. All new styles inhandsome colorings and patterns. Hart Schaffner &Marx and Kirshbaum are the makers.Suits and Overcoats$12.50 to $50.00R. P. WALSHOne-Price StoreShoe: andNOW READYFOR YOULargest and iiiost completestock of Holiday Footwearever purchased.Work ShoesHi -TopRubbersDress Shoes vLeather SlippersFelt SlippersNow is time to buy yourHoliday Shoes. Every linecomplete. Prices' less than 'factory cosiLadles9 Havana Brown andDark Gray Boots, WALKOVER, atLowest Prices!$1.49Ladies Felt Arctics$1.50 values at.x.a Few Item of theurrerea ror Saturday Shoppers:$5.95Men's Dark Tan English WalkOver atMen's Tan English,' Best Make's,"at I mMen Gun Meial Walk-Over,"iiinglish,.,..$3.49$2.49mg Shoes, heavy flexible soles. . . . .j4.U0Boys' Tan- Home Guard Shoes jo" ' m " 1 tfr' . m K-KL. B., -VVW Bctutys-fHatsCapsGloves 'PajamasNight ShirtsSuspendersBeltsOvercoat WillParis, Ky,Week99cMany Extraordinary$5.00$4.50$3.49v fs X ;ilEiMlmi' RfiillSHppsrstil vW Si '- i II r r'v fI t--- ---.- ' f.. v. -. . -j -IJ JL' 'P JJJP(' ' , . -; i$SKfceJC'Ivv-HX.;mirmmcmmmm?ft Ai tr:ti