-i.'kIkJ . ." '- vS-J ' .ftrasr Vtv w:zi&KFt jca--. j,-,j-, pr wpPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1918BOURBON NEWSr i I m I I HI Hijc i-J&Zft -. -v, -re.i-THE& v2i$LI''.-sALSARIS ENTITLED TO STATE AIDPOR MAIN STREET. ,At a meeting of the City Councilsome time ago Councilman J. J.Yeatch brought up the subject of ob-lini-rnr Stntft airi fnr Afflin etroofrfrom the road fund of the State number of others, to Camp Perry, onRoads Department, and gave it as his the lake front. These men are learucpinion the aid could be secured, if ing mechanical engineering and matte proper effort should be made. . chine work in the Public Works deMayor E. B. January addressed two partment of the service, from wherscommunications to Attorney-General they will be sent on board one orChas. H. Morris, setting forth the the ships for nautical training,needs of the fund for the street, and a letter from Ralph Huffman, for--askingfor an official opinion as to merly of Paris, to relatives in Covthe matter. He explained to the Ar- ington, stated that he had arrivedtorney-Ge-neral the deal by which safely in France on the overseasthe street was transferred to the city journey with an army transport,from the county, and that there was The location and name of the shipevery reason in the world why Paris as not given. Huffman Is a son orshould have the benefits of the fund. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Huffman, of CovYesterday Mayor January received ington, and a brother of Mr. Clydethe following reply from Mr. Morris, I Huffman, of the R. P. Walsh clothingfrom which it seems there is a good house, in Paris.needed aid for placing Main streetin n ennri r.rmditinn. Mr. Morris .in a good condition.letter follows:"Frankfort, Ky., Feb. 27."Mayor E. B. January, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir:"I have read your letter of the2 2d inst., and am of the opinion thatunder the facts stated your cityunaer tne iacts siaieu. your citywould be entitled to State aid. par-'ticularlv if Main street be a connecting link in an inter-county road.This seems to be in conformity witnSub-section 7, of Section 4356X Kentucky Statutes, and the rulings there-on by the State Good Roads Depart-ment."Yours Truly,'CHARLES H. MORRIS,"Attorney-General."BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSFarming conditions in Bourbon, aswell as other counties in this section, have greatly improved with theadvent of clearer and somewhatwarmer weather. Many farmershave started their spring plowingturning sod land, and clearing upthe winter's accumulation of rubbish.They have also been very busy inthe past few days rushing their tobacco to the local market so as notto interfere with the coming ofspring work on the farm.Although "moving day" is generally the first of March, the roads yesterday were lined with the movers'caravans, and for several days therewill be a shifting of farm tenants toother places to prepare the groundfor another crop of the soothingweed. In fact, the work has beeno-rti-ntr on in n nnmhpr nf TllaceS wheietobacco beds have been burned inpreparation for the season crop.ThprA is everv indication of alarger acreage of tobacco in thiscounty this season. It was thoughtlast season that the acreage would biTeduced and that some of the groundwould be planted in hemp, that staple having brought such good pricesthe Dast season. The growers saythat raising tobacco at $25 to $50lh:S nounds will be Vr morelT,T-nUflhiA tn them than raisins nemi.Mr-- - . . , iThere has been nothing to indicatethat any serious damage has beendone to the wheat crop, and manyffarmers who have made a close ex-animation of their fields say they arein first-p.lass shane. and that theyoung shoots have survived the terrible winter in fine shape. Thesnowy covering which has been overall has tended to protect the wheatand other hardy crops and the resultwill be good crop average this tanof life." The grass m pasture ais coming up nne ana promises l-make a good showing with the advent of warm weather.Poultry, which is now sky high Inprice, and still flying, has come ouof the winter seige in good shape,and the hens now laying are makingthe prices of eggs take a tumble.From seventy cents a few weeks agothe fruit has dropped In the pricescale until thirty-five cents per dozenis the order of the day with the re-Altogether, the coming spring iscasting its lights as well as shadowsbefore, and the outlook is a verybright one for the farmer, whosefields of activity have been limitedfor several months."pa iaaINVESTMENT PROPERTY AT- AUCTION.Two-story business house on Mainstreet, four cottages on Sixteenthstreet, and two building lots on Cypress. See bills for description anddate.D. S. HENRY.IBB m mFARMERS MUST NOT FEEDWET CORN TO YOUNG STOCK.The question of feeding wet cornto young stock has caused farmers orKentucky to investigate the possibleTesults and, although there has beenorxr mtio trnnhle in Central Kentucky along this particular line, thefeeding of young pigs, oeei duudairy cattle in this locality is beingcarefully guarded and wherever wees corn is given it is given in small-portions. For instance the youngoi-rr ttiA ttihv have three or fourears, the young beef cattle about twoears and the pig about one-half earto start with and the portions are increased gradually up to the regularfeed. Of course roughage is fed withthe corn. With young calves it willnot do to feed wet corn and farmersdo not attempt to give it. If wetcorn is decayed the farmer wouldunder no circumstances give it to any-stock and the case of frosted comwherever it is fed the greatest riskis taken and trouble may be expecJ--a,d.' - '. iTfrZ th?t makes the "staes: Margaret Spears Griffith, foeof the cereal that makes tne stai -r, ommtv. who diedIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Ben Leach, of Paris, who has beena member of the navy trainingforce at Camp Decatur, Great Lakes,Til Vmr v-n 4--n-nr.erTtnA TitUTt oCamp Zachary Taylor, Wednesday,frT a ehnrf vicif tn Viic narATitQ ATr.tM, at suuji, wiw .vr uiu jvxii,j, ........and Mrs. Chas. Higgins, near Paris.Mr. Higgins reports the Paris boyas well and "doing their bit," butanxious to get into real action.Mr. Monroe Sweeney, who hasbeen spending his furlough here withhis mother, Mrs. John S. Sweeney, re--- - - . 'turned Wednesday a .tternoo, ,to CampDewey, at the Great Lakes, 111.,training station, where he will enterthe aviation training school.The Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40 has been filled to the rshuired Jumber ?f e.nllsled men' smforty-odd men having been acceptedduring the past three days. Twowere accented Wednesday afternoon,bringing the number of enlisted menin the unit up to two hundred.Among the new names of Bourboncounty men who have enlisted foiservice in the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40 are those of Herbert J. Sledd, North Middletown, andE. Buchanan, Austerlitz.Members of the Lexington chapterof the Red Cross served sandwiches,coffee and distributed tobacco todrafted men from Bourbon, Fleming,Harrison, Mason, Nicholas, Robertson and Powell counties which passed through there Monday on theirway to Camp Zachary Taylor fortraining. The men were met at thetrain by a committee of volunteerswho greeted them in behalf of theLexington Red Cross chapter, andserved luncheons.Martin McCa-nn, who was recently elected County Clerk of Nicholascounty by a handsome majority, ha?resigned the office, and entered thearmy service at Camp Zachary Tay-riFMr. McClann accompanied thei Nicholas contingent to the camt).Mondav. as a volunteerWilliam Barnes Higgins, son of Mr.and Mrs. Charles V. Higgins, is visiting his parents, on the Bethlehempike, near Paris. Mr. Higgins is inthe Aviation Corps at the GreatLakes, 111., training station. He iwell-nleased and content to be serving Uncle Sam, and hopes to becomea full-fledged "flyer" in time to helpM - "c u. o. w &o.,.w w.4,-u TT fc2 crrflotor ov-ronrFor fire, wind, light-. ari automobile"Sana a"W"""inurcince,scc t& Pccd.at Farmers &Traders Bank.hUHTHE GRIFFITH WILL.Bv the terms of the will nf the late;- , . coat her home in Harrison county.some weeks ago, Bouroon count people are made beneficiaries In variousamounts. The will, which was datedJune 1, 1917, was probated in theHarrison County Court at Cynthianarecently.Her daughter, Mrs. J. T. Sharrard,of Paris, is bequeathed the sum oi$1,000; another daughter, MargareGriffith Kerfoot, $1,000, while sumsranging fiom $500 to $200 are leftto her granddaughters, and greatgranddaughters, Mary and ElizabetliGriffith, daughter of W. King Griffith, Margaret and Virginia Bosworth, Nancy Va-nsant Griffith, Margaret Findlay Griffith and Kerfoo:Moore Griffith. All the remainder ofthe property and the householdgoods and furniture to her son,Hubbard Frazier Griffith.IB 1BI 1MAIN STREET PROPERTY, FOURCOTTAGES AND SEVEKALBUILDING LOTS ATAUCTION.If you are in the market for ahome, a business house or a buildinglot wait for the D. S. Henry sale onMarch 1st, at 2 p. m.REPORT OP BEDFORD SALEAt the sale of stock, crop, etc.,of Mr. Silas E. Bedford, held on thehome place on the Ford's Mill pike,yesterday, Messrs. Ossian Edwards,Henry S. Cay wood and Hense Maigolen alternated as auctioneers, anliving a good account of themselvesfn that capacity. There was a gooaattendance, and everything offeredbrought good prices. Mr. Bedfordand family will move to Paris to reside. COURT OP APPEALS REVRSJibBOURBON CASE.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort Tuesday, the court handed downa decision in the case of Clay vs.Clay's Committee, sent up on appealfrom the Bourbon Circuit Court. Thedecision reversed the lower court.The csse grew out of a sale of landbelonging to George and JosephClay.-Jiear Paris. - ,SACKETT WARNS AGAINST IGNORING OF FOOD RULE.Fred M. Sackett, Federal Food Administrator for Kentucky, has calledattention to a ruling of the administration which was made some t'im?ago, but which does not seem to befully understood, and the failure tobserve which may lead some intodifficulties with the Washington office. This ruling requires all delajsin flour not to sell to anyone who issubject to license, but who has notet taken out a license.All millers, all wholesalers offlour, all retailers during a businessin foodstuffs at the rate of $10,000a year, and particularly all manufacturers of alimentary paste, are subject to license. Unless the order ofsuch persons shows the license number on the order they should be refused. Some wholesalers and flour dealers have even been resorting to theplan of bidding to millers for flour atprice in excess of proper rulings asdetermined by the jmilling division'sregulations, thereby putting in jeopardy their own licenses, as an offerto pay for flour a price in excess ormilling regulations comes under prohibition as an unfair practice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT TOCONVENE MARCH 11.To-day is the last day fixed by lawfor filing suits to be heard at theMarch term of Bourbon Circuitwhich convenes on Monday, March11, for a three-weeks' term. This allows an interval of ten days betweenthe filing of suits and the conveningof the term.The docket for the term is still inthe hands of Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb, and has not been announcedIt is said this will be a busy termfor attorneys and litigants, as wellas court officials.Owing to the absence of CircuitJudge Robt. L. Stout, who is ill atClearwater, Fla., a special Judge willhave to be appointed by GovernorStanley. The supposition is thatJudge Fryor, of Falmouth, or JudgeShackleford, of Richmond, will beappointed, though the Governor has?made no declaration on the subject.PUBLIC SALE OF TOWN PROPERTY. Having invested in farm land, 1will convert a portion of my cityproperty into cash to meet my-jbli-gations.' u'I will sell on Friday, March 1st,at 2 p. m., my two-story brick business house on Main street, opposifoFordham Hotel, and four modernframe cottages on Sixteenth streetThey are substantially built and always rented to first-class tenants.D. S. HENRY.WE KNOW MOWGOOD TAILORINGWill Outlive Good Ordinary Clothesconvrijiii9iTiKtcfcatif, sutxnSoIf you purchase a suit from us, whether you have itmade to your measure or select it from our immense ready-to-wearassortment, you will be satisfied with the price,style and wear.Suits Made to Measure From$25 to $50Ready-to-Wear Suits From$15 to $35MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Netileton ShoesKENTUCKY D. A. R. REALIZEDREAM OF YEARS.At last Kentucky Daughters of theAmerican Revolution are to see thelealization of their dream of years,a room in magnificent Memorial Continental Hall, at Washington, D. C.In this building which is a templeerected to the memory of ancestorwho achieved American independence, most of the States have elegantly furnished rooms which aiused for the State meetings, etc.Kentucky, after much difficulty,secured one of the most desirable inthe building, and througn the effort'sof her "Daughters," it will be fuinished and ready for occupancy bythe time of the Continental Congressin April. The carpet is laid and several rare furnishings have alreadybeen placed in it.If necessary Uncle Sam may usethis room during the war, as he maythe others of the building. Thededication of this room will be anevent no doubt that will create agreater desire on the part of theDaughters to be present at the coming Congress.A GOOD PAYING INVESTMENTPEOPLES' BUIIINQ & LOANASSOCIATION.The Peoples' Building & Loan Association has paid up capital stock tothe amount of $63,000. They havepaid eight semi-annual dividendsaveraging seven per cent. Take stockin the new series beginning Satui-.day, March 2. Call on the undersigned at the Peoples' Deposit Bank& Trust Company.G. W. WILDER, President.WM. T.' BRYAN, Secretary,(lmar-tf)WALL PAPER. WALL PAPER.Wall Paper exclusive patterns.THE FAIR.1 to to 'MISSING MAN LOCATED.After having been posted to the au-.lllLU 1 Lies cU3 ttUUtuw va.o& vim. "'Jul.-Jrious disappearance," Mr. J. W. Adams, of near Winchester, ror w-nom avigorous search was instituted several days ago, turned up in Spencer county, where he had been several days.Adams had left his home for thepurpose of purchasing a farm inBourbon county, but, after 'cominghere and prospecting a day, he decided to go to Spencer county on anrnonopfin? tmiT. He WTOte tO hlSprffe from Lexington, acquainting herwith his cnange oi pians, uui mc letter miscarried and was not deliveredfor several days. In the meantimeAdams had again changed his mind,and, being an expert in tobacco, accepted a renumerative position in thetobacco business in Spencer county.He returned home Tuesday night,and will take his family to Spencerj county to reside.Just now it is patrioticeconomy to order long-wearingclothes to pay a fairprice and get tailoring thatwill hold its sightliness andkeep you satisfied for alonger period.Few men ever retaincheaply tailored clothestill they wear out !The shape goes wrongand the entire hang becomes floppy, then youbecome disgusted with your:suit ana aiscaru it xuicw another.REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Mr. Marshall Webb, of near Carlisle, purchased seventy acres orland located on the Carlisle andMoorefield pike, in Nicholas county,belonging to the estate of Mrs. Sallie Clay and Sidney Clay, of Lexington, for $156.25 per acre.Mr. Wm. S. Hall, of the Kisertonvicinity, who recently sold his farmnear Kiserton, to Mr. Frank P.Kiser, of Paris, will move to BlaiiChester, Ohio, to reside. Mr. Hallhas purchased a well-improved farmof 150 acres near there, and withhis family, will take possession otthe place to-morrow. The farm is located about thirty-five miles fromCincinnati, close to an interurbanline.Mr. J. H. Holland has sold his 100acre farm near Broad well, in Harrison county, to Mr. John W. Larkin,of Paris. Mr. Larkin recently soldhis farm in Fayette county.Through the real estate agency oCB. J. Treacy, in Lexington, Mr. J.Gano Shropshire, of Fayette county,sold, on Tuesday, his 172-acre farm,situated on the Frankfort pike, fourmiles west of Georgetown, to Mr.James L. Gregory, of North Middle -town,this county. The handsomecolonial residence on the farm, occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Shropshire,was included in the sale. The pricefor the place is said to have been inthe neighborhood of $50,000. Thepurchaser will get possession of thtfarm on March 5.Prof. J. M. Scott, of Paris, purchased this week in Boone countya farm containing 230 acres, for aprice considerably above $100 peracre. The purchase was made as aninvestment . Mr. Ernest Price, ofBourbon county, will manage thefarm, which is located on the DixieHighway, close to a farm owned byMr. Charles B. Butler, of Paris.Mr. Newton Bishop sold his farm,"Brownwood," on the Lair pike, toMr. Charles Holland. The farm contains eighty-four acres, and the priceis said to have been $20,000. Mr.Bishop bought the farm about twoyears ago.Through the Bourbon Realty Co.,of Paris, Mr. A. Byars, of Newtown,Scott county, purchased yesterdaythe farm on the Georgetown pike,known as the Bruce Mijler farm.containing 123 acres, at ,$200 peracre.Harris & Speakes sold yesterdayfor Mr. Claude Weathers his farm ofsixty-seven acres, lying near Clln-tonville, for $225 per acre. Mr. B.V. Biggerstaff, of Clark county, wasthe purchaser.4HAVE YOUR HOUSE WIRED NOW'Our corps of electricians can wireyour home now if the order is placedat once. Material is going higherevery day. Have your work donebefore the Spring house-cleanlntime, and too, before the materia!goes any higher.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(26-2t) Incorporated.'- 13 id isMAIN STREET PROPERTY ATAUCTION.Investors and home seekers will dowell to wait for my auction sale onMarch 1st one Main street businesshouse, four extra well-buil and desirable cottages on Sixteenth street.,always rented, five large rooms, bathcomplete; cellar and attic.D. S. HENRY.la iaaBARROW BASE HOSPITAL UOTTLEAVES TO-DAY.The two hundred enlisted men ofGood Samaritan Hospital Unit No. 4uwill leave Lexington this morning.Final orders were issued yesterday.At the roll call at nine o'clock yesterday morning, Captain Virgil ESimpson, in charge of the mobilization of the unit, announced to the enlisted men who assembled in the lobby of the Ben Ali Theatre that thuentire enlisted personnel of the unitwould congregate in the lobby of theBen Ali at eight o'clock this morningand after roll call would march inthree sections to the Southern Railway station and there entrain forCamp Zachary Taylor.Capt. Simpson stated that the enlisted men would probably be in Louisville several weeks for inspectionand equipment. He said no definitedate for leaving Camp Taylor couldbe set, but that when expedient andthe men has been thoroughly trainedin their various duties, they wouldbe entrained to a port of embarkationand thereafter being joined by thedoctors, nurses and other members orthe unit, they would leave for overseas duty.It is not thought here that the unitwill remain at Camp Taylor long.m m mSOMERSET COMMENTS ON PARISSOMERSET GAME.The Somerset Semi-Weekly News,of which "Father Bill" Schooler 13the editor, makes the following comment on the recent basketball gamplayed here between the Paris andSomerset High School teams: "Thebasket ball team struck a snag in itseffort to finish the season without adefeat. At Paris on last Fridaynight they came out the short end ofa 37 to 30 score. Perhaps you canfigure out the reason from the score."A hard trip, small floor, poorlights are some of the alibis, but itappears Paris has a good team, itthey will come down here and bearus on our flqork we will hand themthe palm. Until then, suspend judgment." ,BOINGS OF THE LEGISLATTJ1BAT PRANKFORT.The House, Wednesday, recedeby a vote of 62 to 31 from its personal-useamendment to the AntiShipping law, but stood pat on it,other amendments, repassed the billwithout the Waggoner amendment78 to 3 and the Republican leader,A. J. Oliver, said that the Senatewould accept the other amendmentsattached to the House, ending tnofight.The House also passed by an overwhelming vote a bill to permit theuse of seines and nets of two-incnmesh to catch fish in navigable rirers of Kentucky after spirited de-bate. It was doubtful which billaroused the most interest, but it wasconceded by all that arguments onthe fish bill were the most earnestthe loudest and the longest.Governor A. O. Stanley came oursquarely in favor of the abolition oruseless offices, as recommended by thejoint probe committee, In a messageto both Houses of the General Assembly in which the Governor urgedprompt and favorable action on thebills introduced providing for thecarrying into effect of the recommendations of the committee.The Governor, in his messagepoints to the fact that both politicalparties, in their 1915 platforjms, declared in favor of this reform anasays that the plank is the sole onenot yet redeemed by the presentDemocratic administration.Representative Joe Huddleston, otCumberland, offered a bill to prohibit racing, circuses and movingpicture shows during the war andsix months after its close.Til m mTO THE PASTORS AND EPWORTHIANS OP THE KY. CONFERENCEWith March 1, will come the closing month of "The Big Drive" in theEpworth League work, the purposeof which is that the number ofLeague chapters may be raised tothe equivalent of one League in everypastoral charge in a church wherethere now exists no League chapter.I designate Sunday, March 2, as'Epworth League Day" in the Kentucky Conference and respectfullyrequest that it be observed as such inevery church within the bounds ofthe Kentucky Conference, by the local pastor at either the morning oFevening public worship, by preachingon the Epworth League and its relation to the church as a saving forcein the conserving of the young lifeof our congregations.I also request that each Presidentof a League Chapter present an earnest appeal before his League at 'theSunday night service asking eachmember during the first week otMarch to join the League of Intercession, promising to pray at a specified time each day for "the advancement of the Epworth League worleand for the success of the campaignwhich it is bringing to a close.Fraternally yours,DENNIS V. SNAPP,President Kentucky Conference Epworth League.) ;j5WELFARE OP PEDERAL E5PPLOYES IN WASHINGTON.The Federal Government is notonly giving close attention to thematter of the nroDer housinsr of ifcsnew appointees in Washington, buttne general welfare of the employeesis now considered in greater measurethan ever before. Manv of thjoung people who have come toWashington for war work are hundreds, even thousands, of miles fromhome for the first time in their lives.They are strangers in a strange land,and it is not to be wondered at thatthey become homesick and magnifythe troubles that they are bound tomeet during the period of adjustmentto new conditions. The departmencheads realize that a good clerk mustbe a contended one, and many officeshave appointed welfare workerswhose business it is to take an unobstrusive interest in the affairs nfthe employees and to try to helpthem with their difficulties. Experiments along this line have had suchgood results that the number of ofllces which employ welfare workers isincreasing.Since the war began about 25,009employees have been added to thecivil service in Washington. The.United States Civil Service Commission, whose duty it is to recruit thisbranch of the service, estimatedthat this calendar year will add another 20,000. Stenographers are being appointed in great numbers.There is also need for clerks, both,men and women, who are trained incertain special or technical lines,,ship draftsmen, mechanical draftsmen, and workmen in trades connected with ship-building. The representatives of the civil service commission at the . postoffices in all citiesare prepared to furnish definite information and application blanks.HAVE YOU INCOME OP $1,000?Those of our citizens who arewealthy, enough to have an incomesufficient to bring them under theprovisions of the Federal Income Taxlaw, will be interested in knowingtliat the time for filing reports withthe Collector of Internal Revenuehas been extended.Those who have not yet made outtheir reports will have until Aprilto get them up and send them in. Agreat many persons are under theimpression that a report must bemade out whether their income is asmuch as $1,000, if single, or $2,000,is married, which is a mistake. Ifyour income is not large enough iobring you unfaer the provisions of the 'law you need pay no attention to it"V.XFRIDLMARCH 1, lflS,PAGE TWO" J -OTE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.THE BOURBON NEWSaWIshed 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication.bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.SWIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichTtSMiyv appear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-'-rsoted if brought to attention of thealtor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per inch""eafch. subsequent insertion.-J Reading Notices, 10 cents per line'sftch issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.3ards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved. to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.t Announcements for political officesaust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war$EDITORIAL MUSINGS.As To Editorials.We have not had an opportunitynto get the opinion of THE NEWSreaders as to the merits or demeritsof Musings." But we wish to resprint the following trcm the Publishers' Auxiliary of recent date:, Mrf red E. Hadley, president cf,he Minnesota State Press Association, is a strong believer in the valueof editorials in the county papers.At the recent meeting of the Association, President Hadley, in the course' of his remarks, said"I am a strong believer in the editorial column, and would earnestlyurge every editor to write editorials,through which he may give vent tohis ideas on local, community, State;and National affairs. It seems to, me that while the city and countynews is the heart 'of the rural pres3.the editorial column is its backbone.Tersonally, I care no more for an.exchange without editorials than I- do for an almanac of the vintage i f1888. Without editorial utterance?.there is nothing there that interests.and the average country paper b?--" comes but the vendor of small gossipj and a retailer of things hardly worthwhile."While the day of the personalorgan in the large ciiies has gone,and personalities on the metropolitan; jjress are submerged, it is not true ofthe country press, and the way in- ,Vhich every editor can give expression to his personality is through the-. editorial column. Some say thatpeople do not read editorials. The-people will read them if they are"brief and have the punch and the-jTep in them, but they will not readeditorials if they are longer than themoral law, and drier than a Kentuck"iian in Iowa."An Instance of Popularity.It is every day a matter of wonder-" as- to the apparently never-waningpopularity of some of the stars whoappear t on the motion picturescreens. This wras called forth by;THE NEWS man, as he stood in a-point of vantage at the Paris Grand. iOpera House, Tuesday night, and' took mental note of the surging seaof humanity who came to see petiteMary Pickford, in her charming presentation of a most charming , patriotic photoplay, "The Little Amerlican." The crowd exceeded any thatJ3ie has ever seen inside the walls ofthe Grand at a motion picture performance. An overflow performance could have been given to thos;" waiting outside for a chance to get'in. At the conclusion of the first' presentation the crowd that surgedf forward from the outside almost.fought for places of those who hadjust gone, and there was still hardlystanding room in anv part of thehouse. The play itself was a wonderfully thrilling a-nd appealing one,snowing in a most vivid manner the"horrible brutality and application or.-,ihe German "Kultur." It broughthoine to hundreds in that audiencetke reflection, "What if that shouldcome to our happy land?". Buy a War Stamp.- The greatest thing about learning. to save is to make a start. Thereare very few persons who have notlrdetermined at one time or anotherin their lives that they would- lay bysomething for the proverbial rainy-day. Where they fall in their plansin themajorityp of canes is that theynever getienoujfh ahead, ias; theythink,, to warxknt .them ?in opening asavings account at the bank crmaking any definite move toward acquiring habits of thrift. When theyare in funds their thoughts are filled with wants which must be mer,and their desires grow, as a rule,decidedly faster than they are ableto gratify them.For the people of this kind theWar Savings Stamp movement shoulaaccomplish wonders. War SavingsStamps make saving easy, and theymake it attractive. Twenty-five centsis all that is needed to make a heginning, for that will buy a ThriftStamp. For $4.12, invested now, aWar Savings can be purchased, redeemable by the Government in January, 1923, at $5.00. Many whobuy these stamps will thus come tocomprehend for the first time themagic of compound interest and willperceive for themselves the meaningof the old adage, "Take care of yourmoney and your money will takecare of you." This i? a lesson oncelearned is not easily forgotten ordisregarded.A Hint To Merchants.The city of Paris, Ky., will neverbecome a good business center solong as its business men rely on afew merchants to make the effort tobring trade to the city. Too often,alas, far too often, a few men in certain lines of trade are the only oneswho seem to have the interest of thecity at heart, as well as their own.and too often they are about theonly- ones who make any effort at allto reach for the outside trade. Othermerchants wait until these mer-.chants wait until these mercants induce the people to come to Paris, anacontent themselves with the tradethat naturally drifts to their doorbecause they have "been in businesshere for many years."A public spirited man should askhimself if he is doing his best to attract people to come to Paris to trade,thereby helping the whole community. No city can ever be a successunless all lines are busy working toextend their trade as far as possible,and trying to bring a larger territory"in the circles of which Paris is thelogical center. Get busy, men!Awake, Paris!Know One of These?When you hear a man runningdown his home paper or any otherlocal industry just take a look athtm. Ten to one he will have achin as long as a rail, an eye as restless as aThorse thief, and he willhitch around in his chair as if he; hada touch of St. Vitus dance. Talkwith him a while and you will discover that he has made a failure ofeverything he has ever tried (exceptbeing disagreeable),. and nine time3out of ten he is dependent on thepublic for favors or support. Yoawill find him a meddlesome, peevish,jealous, hateful and unreliable nature; a man who is always complaining, and, although he has but little,if anything of his own, one wouldimagine, to hear him talk, that hehad a quitclaim deed to the earthand a first mortgage on Heaven. Hoknows everybody's business, and whyshouldn't he? He has none of hisown to take up his time. Suchpeople, like mosquitoes, were notcreated in vain, perhaps, but onefact remains staple, they do not addmaterially to the pleasures of conduct in legitimate husiness.In Them Back Days.Now that everything in the eatingline is being Hooverized, it' may beof interest to the younger generation of Bourbon county people toknow that during the Civil War inAmerica the War Department issuedan official order regulating the costof necessaries of life. While allfood stuffs were exceedingly scam;in 1863, here are some of the prices:Bacon, 10 and 12 cents per pound;sirloin steak, 15 cents; ham, 15 and18 cens; mutton and pork, 12cents; butter, 25 cents; lard, 15cents; potatoes, 25 cents a peck;chickens, 50 cents a pair; smallcabbage, 3 cents; watermelons, 10cents each. "Any person," said theorder, "convicted of selling at higherrate will be punished according tothe discretion of the Provost Marshaland the produce shall be forfeited. 'Of course, there are many still livingin this city who can remember verydistinctly when these prices were Ineffect, but the younger element whotalk about the high prices of everything in war time should know thattheir grandfathers and grandmothersknew what real times were in the!days during the Civjl War."Ain't It The Truth?"Some men (a-nd women, too) seemto think when they get into a"scrape," and the local paper mentions their name and the occurrence,that it is done out of malice towardthem. In nearly every case of thiskind nothing could be farther fromthe truth. It is the editor's business to publish local happenings,good or bad, and if a man furnishesmaterial for a bad item he has noone to blamed should it appear. Atthat it is not what is printed in thelocal papers, but oftener what is suppressed that they -ought to be thankful for.Jos. Cailaux says he was a Wilson man, but the President can't beheld responsible for that.Besides the unsinkable shiphave an unconquerable people.weThe Thjif NTo Weip the American ArmsWe are prayerfully eager to see the war end, to see despotismcrushed and peace established for all time to come. Nothing will domore to discourage the Kaiser and convince him of the futility of proJonged conflict than for us to show him that all the loyalty, .all thedetermination, all the patriotism of the American people at home arebehind the American soldiers facing him on the fields of battle. Whenwe use our savings to help win the war we are showing the Kaiserthat he is facing the task of conquering, not one million, nor five millions, but one hundred millions of Americans !SAVE, therefore, and invest your money, little or much, in theworld's safest securities Uncle Sam's War Savings Stamps. Everydollar so saved betters your own condition, and is a blow for Libertyand Peace on Earth. You can invest as small as 25 cents at a time inUnited States Thrift Stamps. This means that every person, no matterhow limited his resources, can have a part in winning the war, and atthe same time profit by the investment.The war against German f rightfulness must be won by SAVINGa lesson now made easy for Americans to learn. It is plainly evidentthat final victory will go to the side which is best equipped and holdsout longest in food, weapons, munitions and money. That doesnot mean that America must endure privation at this time ; but it doesmean that we all of us must save resolutely where formerlywe have been careless or wasteful. Just now it is of the utmost importance that we save ourv money, every dollar we can spare fromactual necessities, that our Government may have the temporary useof it to defray the enormous immediate expenses of the war. In return for the loan of these savings the Government pays us interest,and absolutely guarantees the safety of the principal.Stamp Agencies In Paris Where You Can Buy War Savings Stamps:John Merringer, Plumber.Grant Owsley Restaurant.B. Friedman, Shoe Store.The J. T. Hinton Co., FurnitureStore.L. Howard, Grocer.Bruce Holladay, Confectioner.R. P. Walsh, Clothier.Harris & Dale Restaurant.Lavin & Connell, Grocers.Stant. Rummans, Clothier.P. M. Heller, Meat Market.Fred Weckesser, Busy Bee Store.Chas. Goldstein, Dry Goods.Baldwin Bros., Meat Market.- Chas. Munson, Grocer.W. T. Talbott, Clothier.L. Wollstein, Clothier.H. Margolen, Meat Market.Kress & Co., 10 Cent Store.J. W. Davis & Co., Clothiers.The Bourbon News.Daugherty Bros., Kodaks, Etc.Paris Book Co., Books and Stationery. Mitchell & Blakemore, Clothiers.C. B. Mitchell, Confectionery .Ardery Drug Co., Drugs.NATIONAL IMPLEMENT INSPECTION AND REPAIR WEEK.The National Federation of Implement Dealers of the United Stateshave designated March 4 th to the9 th as National Implement Inspection and Repair Week, and reognizing the importance of this great patriotic, preparatory and essentialmovement, I hope the farmers ofBourbon county 'will instantly recognize the importance of seeing thaithe necessary repairs of all farmmachinery and farm implements aremade during the week of March 4thto the 9th, 1918, in other words, itwill be a "get-ready-week," ana isincerely hope that every farmer notonly in Kentucky, but in America,will devote that week to repairingand overnauline: and setting: readyhis farm machinery and implements,in order that when the spring sea-son arrives, everything will be inreadiness to begin preparation forthe largest yield of foods and feedsthis State has ever grown.Therefore, Mr. Farmer, to that end,impressing upon you the loyalty andpatriotism displayed in this movement, may I beg of you that yourbest efforts be put forth during thorhave used Doan's Kidney Pills forweek of March 4th to the 9 th, preparatory to not only supplying anadequate amount of food for ourown people, but to see that a surplusis produced which may be accessible to those n. foreign lands, whoare fighting the battle for a world'?freedom.It is recognized throughout America that during 1918 we will either"do or die," "sink or swim,''bevictims or victorious," and in orderto accomplish this victory, the farmers of America must put their shoulder to the wheel of production andby their efforts say to the blood-blood-thirstyHuns and Houndswhose only aim seems to be to .kill,to destroy, to master and to conquer"You shall -not pass.""MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.Armed Vehicles Failed.In 1674, when Holland attemptedto invade France by sea she furnishedthe expedition corps with large numbers of armed vehicles, which were conceived with the idea of arresting therushes of the cavalry. In additionthere were companies of grenadiersprovided with grenades not dissimilarin principle from those of today. However, in landing on Belle Isle theywere hurled back by the Bretons andtheircarts and grenadiers forced intothe sea.Shower Bath and Massage.A Texan is the inventor ot a combined shower bath and massage machine, brushes being revolved by anelectric motor against a person standing within a tall cylinder into whichwater is sprayed.Senator Chamberlain's War Cabinet proposition may not be doomeA.after all. Senator Reid, of Missouri,you'll remember, is against it.Frank & Co., Dry Goods.Price & Co., Clothiers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Cahal Bros., Barbers.Brooks & Snapp, Drugs.Posner Bros., Shoes.Lusk & Shea, Grocers.Shire & Fithian Jewelers.Lowry & May, Hardware.A. F. Wheeler & Co., Furniture.J. S. Wilson & Bro., Seeds, Etc.Ford & Co., Hardware.L. R. Bramblette, Groceries.Ira Parks & Son, Ford Garage.Miss Lucy Simms.Mrs. W. O. Hinton.County Judge. George Batterton.Wm. G. McClintock, SherifF. "Stuart & O'Brien, Coal.Farmers' Supply Co., Hardware.Pastime Billiard Hall.Mitchell House, Boarding.Dan Jordan & Co., Groceries.Templin Lumber Co., Lumber.S. T. Chipley, Gioceries.Bourbon Lumber Co., Lumber.T. J. Flora, Coal.Y. M. C. A. Building.DON'T DELAY.Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Neglect is Dangerous.The slightest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedkidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinarydizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness, why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is yet time begin treating yourkidneys at once with a tried and proven kidney remedy. No need to experiment Doan's Kidney Pills havebeen successfully used in thousandsof cases of kidney trouble for overov years, uoans ivianey Jins areknown all over the civilized worldEndorsed at home. Read Paris tevtimony.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 EighthSt., says: "Some few years ago 1suffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I had a constant,dull ache across the small of my backand I was terribly dizzy at times.this trouble and they have helped mamore than anythig else, always relieving me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for- kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv. March)T5X 1SJ 1QISpeed on the Piano.When a well-known pianiste wasplaying a presto by Mendelssohn aman who was present set himself tocounting the notes and the time occupied. She played 5,595 notes in fourminutes and three seconds. Every oneof these notes involved three movements of a finger, elbow or arm. At24 notes per second that amounted to72 movements a second.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: . The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when ajoung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," weinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. IMent to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the shelfexcept "Chamberlain's". I'll tryagain, and I'll never go home without Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy."The Republican would t suggest to theproprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimers lose faith instores where substituting is permitteuto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and the disappointment of customers.(adv. March) ' xrM f ISfcACHE TASoreness, StfifnesrRigftiOut With"St. Jacobs Idnament"Don't stay sore, stiff and lame!Lfmberup. Rub soothing, penetrating "St. Jacobs Linament" right Inyour aching muscles, joints and painful nerves. It's the quickest, surestpainrelief on earth. It is absolutely harmless and doesn't burn thskin."St. Jacobs Linament"8 conquerspain. It instantly takes away anyache, soreness and stiffness in thehead, neck, shoulders, back, legs,arms, fingers or any part of the bodynothing like it. You simply pour alittle in your hand and rub "whereit hurts", and relief comes instantly.Don't stay crippled! Get a small trialbottle now from any drug store. Itnever disappoints six gold medaiawards."Von Tripitz wants a fight to a finish. Sure. He will get it.vFresh Cow For Sale.I -have a good Jersey Cow forsale, now fresh; and another onewill be fresh soon.(15-4t-F) A. S. THOMPSON.Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)FOR SALE50 tons of No. 1 mixed hay.LOU TAYLOR,'Maysville Pike, Paris, Ky.Phones, Home 210, Cumb. 937.(26-2t)Wanted.Second-hand Furniture aua Stoveswanted. Must be in good repair.J. BLVOVE.Home Phone 360.(26-3t)Furniture WantedAll kinds of second-hand furniture,suchas chairs, tables, dressers, beds,chiffoniers, stoves, etc.THE ARK,F. B. Thomas, Manager,(26feb-3t) Cumb. Phone 780.Sale of Bank Stock.Notice is hereby given that I willoffer at public sale at the CourtHouse door in Paris, Kentucky, onMonday, (Court Day), March 4,1918, at 11 o'clock, a. m., twentyshares of the capital stock of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCompany. tM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(26-2t)NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Leer Stout, deceased,are requested to present same atonce, properly proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned.All persons indebted to the estateof Leer Stout, deceased, are likewise requested to call on the undersigned at once and settle indebtedness.CANNIE G. STOUT,Executrix Leer Stout Estate.(26-3wks)Trees! Shrubs! Plants!Now is the- time to plant yourOrchard, Lawn, and Garden.Our large descriptive catalogue ofreliable Fruit and Shade Trees,Small Fruits, Shrubs, Evergreens,Grapes, Asparagus, Seed Potatoes,Strawberry Plants, Etc., are freeupon inquiry.No Agents! .Write To-day!H. F. HTLLENMEYER & SONS.Lexington, Ky.(15-6t)Save Your Eyes.' How can a youngster keep up inschool when every attempt at studycausesHeadaches and Nervousness?Backward children have frequentlygone up with the "Heads of theClass" when properly fitted withglasses.Give your children a chance.Bring them in for an examinatiouright away.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.LEGS520 Main St.FOR RENT.Desirable house, on" Main trtt;has five rooms' and bath; good biggarden.(5-tf) J. T. HINTON.Public Sale-OF-Live Stock, Crop and FarmImplements.Having to give possession of . theSidney Clay farm on the Bethlehempike I will sell on the premises, Smiles southwest of Paris, onFriday, March 1, '18,beginning at ten o'clock, a. m., thefollowing:40 head of 600 pound cattle;15 yearling calvesrSeveral milk cows, to be fresh inthe Spring;1 sow and eight pigs;1 sow, to farrow by day of sale;5 sows, to farrow by the middle ofApril ;1 sow, to farrow May 1;15 cattle shoats;1 wrork mare, in foal to Perchero-n;1 5-year-old sorrel driving mare;1 aged mule;1 10-year-old saddle mare;1 2-year-old Percheron filly;1 2-year-old sorrel gelding, byCharming Prince;Seven or eight other head of workstock;75 ewes, will lamb last of March;14,000 tobacco sticks;1 McCormick bull rake;1 Johnson mowing machine.1 Blue Grass seed stripper;1 Superior Alfalfa Drill;1 corn planter;1 mowing machine;1 riding cultivator;1 huggy;1 4-year-old mule;1 2-year-old brown filly;TERMS $25 or under, cash inhand; sums over $25 approved negotiable note for 90 days, bearing interest from day of sale until paid.SARA M. DANIEL,R. F. D. 1, Hutchison, Ky.2009-6 rings Home phone (Paris ex..M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.Public Sale-OF-Stock, Crop, Etc.I will offer at public sale on theMrs. Gurley Taylor place, known a3the Wright farm on the Hume &Bedford pike, 4 miles from Paris, onFriday, Marchl, 1918,beginning at 10 a. m., the following:4 cows, extra! good;3 calves;1 good Jersey heifer;2 good work horses;3 brood sows (Duroc) will pigabout 1st of March;20 or 25 barrels corn in crib;20 shocks fodder;5 or 6 tons of baled timothy hayextra good.33 ewes due to lamb middle ofMarch ;1 Newton Giant Incubator andBrooder, never been used.1 Da Laval Separator;Milk cans;Chicken coop;1 lot nice chickens;2 or 3 stoves;Some household and kitchen furniture. -TERMS All sums of $25 and under, cash ; all,, over that 3 nionthstime, with good notiable notebearing 6 interest.WM. REDMON,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(td)PUBLIC SALEOFBourbon Farm!Having decided to sell my farm, Iwill sell the same at public auctionon the premises, at the intersectionof the Clintonville and Ironworkspikes, 7 miles from Paris, onMONDAY, MARCH 4, 1918 ,at the hour of 10:30 a. m.This farm consists of 118 and afraction acres, and is very desirablylocated in a good neighborhood, nearto church, school and railroad station. About 50 acres in grass, balance under cultivation, of whichabout 26 acres are in wheat. Thfeground will rnaise excellent tobacco,s well watered with three never-failingponds; also a well.Has comfortable 7 room 2-stosyframe residence; with 2 balls presses,porches, etc.; 3, stock barn; garage ;ismoke house, and all necessary outbuildings; orchard; garden; is wellfenced.Possession can be given aboutMarch 3.I also offer for sale privatelya choice lot of household and kitchenfurniture.TERM One-third cash, balancein two equal payments of one andtwo years, with lien retained on landto secure payments of notes.MRS.NANNIE CLAY HOWARD,R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.Home Phone 10 (Clint.) Ex.) " ,s-X.!, .&&-;,V:0i.rTCrr-i-itV'?V -M, NV-V "v r ''Ti ' f p r'?es.iFRIDAY, MATICH 1, 1918.TUB BOUKBOH HMWS,mmm m ! i mi 'HM-.rT- t iramnA Xu . ij?iV?, ,A' -VrVtefef.22 Million Familiesin the United Statesv4 CUPS OF WHEAT FLOUR TO THE POUNDIf each family used 4 cups of flour less per week, thfe savingwould be 22mMon"pouffds or 112,244 barrels every week.The greatest help housekeepers can give to win the war is tomake this saving and H can be done by using this recipe inpla'ce of white flour bread.Corn Meal BiscuitsSOCIAL ANI) PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OarPeople Here, There arid'Elsewhere.cup scalded milk1 cup corn meal N2 tablespoons shorteningteaspoon salt1 cup white flour4 teaspoons Royal Baking PowderSave cup of the measured flour for board. Pour milk over corn meal, add shortening and salt Whencold, add sifted flour and baking powder. Tfcoll out lightly on floured board. Cut with biscuit cutter andbake in greased pan fifteen to twenty minutes.Our new Red, White and Blue booklet, "Best War Time Recipes," containing many otherrecipes for making delicious and wholesome wheat saving foods, mailed free addressROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., Dept. H., 135 William Street, New YorkFOOD WILL WIN THE WARWAR NEWS AT HOME ANDABROAD.WASHINGTON, Feb. 28. Evidence that in spite of his commissionin the United States army he was inlouch with German agents, contributing to Von Bernstorff's propagandafunds and working for peace at anyprice before America went to war,was largely responsible for the heavypunishment imposed upon Capt.David A. Henkes, sentenced by courtmartial at Governor's Island to dismissal from the service and irrmrison-ment at hard labor for twenty-five Jyears.NEW YORK, 28. Capt. David A.Henkes, 16th Infantry, U. S. A., hasbeen sentenced to dismissal from theservice and confinement at hard laborfor twenty-five years by a generalcourt-martial held at Governor'sIsland.Henkes, who is of German descent,endeavored to resign his commission,saying he did not care to fight againstrelatives and friends.Capt. Henkes was formally chargedwith violation of the Ninety-fifthArticle of War. This charge recited that "having taken an oath ofoffice in which, among other things,he pledged to support and defend theConstitution of the United Statesagainst all enemies, foreign and domestic," and that he would "beartrue faith and allegience to thesame," he had written the letter concerning his resignation. The samecharge was made in connection withthe other letter.The court-martial found him guiltyand the findings having been reviewed by the Judge Advocate General, the sentence of the court, dismissalfrom the service and confinement athard labor for twenty-five years,were ordered carried out. The UnitedStates disciplinary barracks at FortLeavenworth, Kas., was designatedas the place of imprisonment, and itwas declared that "Capt. David A.Henkes, 16th Infantry, ceases to bean officer of the army from February23, 1918."The report was signed by Maj. Gen.William A. Mann, commanding theDepartment of the East, and by Col.W. A. Simpson, retired, Adjutant.German advance eveiy where.The Germans 4iave occupied Revalafter an engagement with Russia'sdisorganized soldiers.Austria-Hungary i3 ready to makepeace with Russia, if her allies willact accordingly, Count Czernin, Foreign Minister, has made known in awireless message to Leon Trotzkythe Bolsheviki foreign minister.The rapid German advance continues along the line southward, especially in Volhynia and the Ukraine.In Siberia, the situation is very serious and Japan is reported to bepreparing to intervene there verysoon. The non-Bolsheviki forcesthere have to contend -not only withthe Bolsheviki, but also against released Austro-German prisoners.Berlin advices received in Amsterdam as forwarded by Central Newsreport that a state of siege has beenproclaimed "in consequence of eventsin Poland" at Czenstochowa, Lodzand Vloclavek, important towns inWestern Poland.Great unrest has been produced InPoland "by the peace treaty arrangedbetween the Ukraine and the CentralPowers, under which part of Polandwas tp be annexed to Ukraine. Strikesand other disturbances occurred inWarsaw.A report that 20,000 German soldiers refused to attack the Russiansin the new campaign is given out bythe Bolsheviki Telegraph Agency.Polish troops in some instanceare said to have Hed.LONDON. Feb. 28. Pskov, 175miles southwest of' Petrograd, hasbeen recaptured by the Bolshevikiand street fighting is going on there,according to Exchange Telegraphdispatch from Petrograd dated Monday. The Red Guards were resisting theThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas suDnosed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced, byconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, .manufactured byF. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the SystemOne Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure. Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March)HARD WINTER ON BIRDS.According to Bourbon county farmers who are close observers, the winter which it is fondly hoped, is nowpast, was an unusually hard one onbirds, especially the quail and otherwild birds whose living depended entirely on their own efforts.They are of the opinion that tin;winter has almost wiped out thequail, and hundreds of rabbits haveJbeen found frozen to death. Thousands of fish were frozen in the iceduring the terrible winter. Thefarmers predict that the Game Commission will have to restock thecountry with game, especially thebirds.Many farmers report an almost total disappearance of pigeons fromtheir places, and it is feared thecbirds were also frozen, or had goneSouth upon approach of the fin?tblizzards.The past winter will go down inhistory as one of the severest in itstoll of death of both mail, beast anlbirds, within the recollection of thspresent generation.SADDLE HORSE SALES HELD INLEXINGTON.$6.50LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily BylMail(Not Sunday)One of the most successful stocksales of the season was that held inLexington, last week, by the Kentucky Sales Company. The finalday of the sales was devoted to saddle horses, forty-six head selling fora total of ?8,496, an average of $183per head. The top sale of the daywas made to George P. Urban, ofBuffalo, N. Y., who paid $1,775 foiLiberty Bell, from the consignmentof Ward & Ward, of Newtown, Scottcounty.The sale was attended by saddlehorse men from all over the country.2i.mun uuiieis wciu unc iviju wins jfrom this county Robert McCray,North Middletown; Robert Shropshire, Paris; Sanford C. Carpenter,Millersburg; Charles Best, Paris; Allie G. Jones, Jos. Jones, Henry S.Cay wood, North Middletown; Ed.Gratz, Paris.The following purchases weremade by Bourbon county men; PatHerman, bh, 13 Bourbon ChiefRose Scott by Dolan Denmar; EdGratz, Paris, $260; Mamie Jones,bm, 5 King Chieftain Daughter ofEmerald Chief, Henry Cay wood,North Middletown, $235; PaulineLeggett, bm, 5 Red MsDonaldDaughter of Bourbon Chief, HenryCaywood, North Middletown, $200.andThe Bourbon NewsYour Home Paper and the best known DailyNewspaper in this Section.An Excellent Combination!Subscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent.Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Clubertsonand family have moved to Covington. "Mr. N. B. Wiley was a guest ofrelatives in Vancebarg several daysthis week.Mrs. Henry L. Terrill has returned from a visit to Mrs. GeorgeMoore, in Lexington.Mr. Henry Napier has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Spencerand Bullitt counties.Mr. and Mrs. Allen Downard, onear Paris, have as guest Miss IreneDowning, of Lexington.Mrs. John Johnson was a guestthis week of her niece, Miss Madolin Denton, in Lexington.Miss Bessie Pairy, guest of Mr.and Mrs. Harry B. Clay, has returned to her home in Maysville.Miss Elizabeth Brown is a guesiof her aunt, Miss Carrie Brown, onAshland avenue, in Lexington.Miss Kate Ingels, of Lexington,is a guest of Miss Anna Eads Peea,at her home on South Main street.Miss Laura Lilleston is confinedto her room at her home on Higginsavenue, threatened with typholufever.Mrs. Logan Bryan, of North Middletown, is a guest of her parentsDr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, inGeorgetown.Miss Katherine Davis Craigwas a guest several days this weekof Mr. Bailey D. Berry and family,in Lexington.Miss Delia Wilson has returnedto ner -nome in JLexmgto-n, alter avisit to Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Lovell,near Paris.Miss Minnie Fox, of Big Stont.Gap, Va., is a guest of 'Miss LucjSimms. Miss Fox and Miss Simmavisited friends in Lexington, Wednesday. Miss Carolyn Ber-y has returnedto her school duties at Sayre College, in Lexington, after a visit toher sister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, onStoner avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Keller andMiss Margaret Shea, of Paris, attended the funeral of Mrs. ElizabetuDaskett, in Winchester, and returned with the funeral party to Paris,where the interment took place inthe Pails Catholic Cemetery.M' i?d Mrs. Daniel Sullivanand dn"-h,'ir, Miss Mildred Sullivan, and IN' iss Mary Engleman, whohave bee'i quests of Mr. Sullivan'?cousin, Mrs. C. M. Taylor, onEighth street, have returned to theirhomes in Beacon, New Yort.Mrs. Lunceford Talbott underwent a sureical operation at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Tuesday, performed by Dr. Barrow. His sister, Mrs John Taylor,arrived at her bedside Wednesdayfrom her home in Norman, Oklahoma. The Winchester Daily Democrat.says. .Mr. ana lvirs. i nomas npi-laday and Mrs. Fel:x Holladay willmove to Bourbon county this 'weekMrs. L. Catesby Woodford, whohas been confined to her home forthe past six weeks with a severecase of grippe, is improving slowly."Stanford Interior-Journal: Mr.J. C. Engleman, of Paris, was hereSunday with his mother, Mrs. JohnF.ngleman, Sr William Westerfield, of Paris, was here the guest ofMr. and Mrs. M. D. Elmore and thefamily of W. H. Brady. William, afew years ago, began training forwork as a jockey, but after ridingone or two races, decided that hewas cut out for some other calling."The West Baden Journal, published at West Baden Springs, West IBaden, Indiana, says: "Mr. anaMrs. Louis W. Taylor, Paris, Ky..were among the visitors registeringat the Springs Hotel last week andwill spend a vacation and also drinkthe mineral waters at this resort.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor have visited inthis valley a number of time before,but this is their first visit at We;tBadenSprings, and" they are wellpleased with their Visit at this place.Mr. Taylor is a well known and practical farmer of his section, being theowner of a large and well improvedfarm in the fertile Bluegrass regionof that State, and as a tiller of thesoil he is meeting with good success."(Other Personals on Page 5)GROCERIESWOMEN REPLACING MEN ONWESTERN RAILROADS.Due to a lack of men to performthe work, the railroad officials ar.installing a large number of youngwomen in positions along the linesin Nebraska and the States to thewest. Indications are that when thaspring rush of business sets in manymore women will take railroad positions formerly occupied by men whohave gone to war or engaged inother occupations.All through Nebraska young women are being employed as operators and assistants to the stationigents in the larger towns. Inmany of the small towns wherethe male agents have enlisted or goneinto other lines of work the stationwork is being performed by womenand reports indicate that they generally are giving the best of satisfaction. On the Union Pacific the trunkline telephone wire from Omaha toOgden is handled entirely by women,whereas six months ago men wereemployed as stenographers. Thetelephone line handles practically allthe company business, including thetrain' orders.MARGOLEN'SAt "Htoover" Prices!BLUE RIBBON GARDEN6 REGULAR 5c PAPERS FORNONE BETTERColored Beans Down to 12 l-2c Lb.Best Soft Tipped Matchesper box 5cClean Easy Laundry Soapper bar 5c"Pearl" Toilet Soapper bar 5c"White Lilly" ToiletSoap, per bar 5cGrand Pa's WonderSoap, per bar 5c"Santa Claus" WoolenSoap, per bar 5cBest Table Syrupper gallon 90cBest Table Syrupper half -gallon 45 cBest Soda1-pound package 7cBest Macaroni (old'price) per box . .- 5c"Sun Maid" Raisinsper package 1 5cShelled Nuts (a fewpounds) per lb 75cLayer Figs, 20c sizeper package 1 0cHome - KilledMeatsNEW AUTOS.The Lexington Cadillac Co. reportsthe sale .of an Oldsmobile Sportstermachine to Mr. "Wm. B. Ardery, olParis. A license number was issuedlast week from the office of the Commissioner x of Motor Vehicles atFrankfort, to Mr. John JMarston, ornear Paris, for a Franklin machineFresh FishReceived DailyDressed to OrderFree of Charge !HftRGOLBTCSanitary Meat MarketDeviled Meats (oldprice) per can 5cLye Hominy, large can2 cans for 25cBest Rolled Oatsper box 12cCondensed Milk, 10c sizeper can 8cSoups, 15c can at oldprice, per can 1 0cGrape Juice25c bottle at 1 ScBaked Beans, OliveBrand,"' per can.. 1 5cSugar Corn,percan 15cTomatoes, best quality,medium size can.. 15cTomatoes, best quality,large size can 20cMixed Nuts (about 50pounds) per lb 1 5cCorn Flakesper package 1 0cDried Peachesper pound 1 5cThese Prices are For CASH and to"CARRY" Customers Only.The Busy Bee Cash Store IWANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Our1TIRE.IBBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself."CWe io Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All Kinds.C. S. BALL GARAGECoiv Fourth and Pleasant..nimimniiinimmHMmii"it. V1AM JOfI "THE BOURBQN NgWS, PAMB, EY.FRIDAY, MABCH 1, lilt.t mews of woinars wwuc-OTERESTDTG TO CLUBWar Saving Stamps Tor the FutureThe child should be fully educatedto . the value of the GovernmentStamps, i. e.(1) That as an investment, thettu-i coab VTtri-3fi Trine" StamDS ISin reality a baby bond issued by theGovernment and represents the bestsecurity in the world to-day.(2) That it is within the reach otwpv man. woman and child.3l That never before and possiJDly not far a long time to come willsuch, attractive investments, payablein "small amounts, be available.(4) That the time for action isnow.C5) That to divert money from unnecessary purchases to the purchaseof -War-Savings Stamps not only supplies the Government with money,but also releases mate-rials anl laborfor the manufacture of war supplies., (6) That and this with greatemphasis to buy War SavingsStamps is to evidence patriotism.Kentucky Bulletin.Paste It On.If a Thrift Stamp you can uuy,Paste it on.Biff the Kaiser in the eye.Paste it on.Timi'f forsret. 'twill help you,Interest on it will accrue,And 'twill all come back to you,Paste it on.Kentucky Buletin.THE TOBACCO MARKET.The Paris tobacco market continued strong and active Wednesday.The block sales were lifted and, dueto lighter receipts, all three housescleared their floors. Receipts werelighter, and the sales held yesterday were in proportion. The Independent House sold 38,155 pounds,for an average of $34.40. Some ofthe crop averages follow:Dudley & Allen, 3,190 pounds; "average, ?39.42.Jones & Hatfield, 3,560 pounds;average $38.74.Whaley & Case, 2,905 pounds; average $39.19.Parks Barnett, 3,155 pounds; average $34.94.Hinkston & Lizer, 5,110 pounds;average $39.19.Parks Bros, 2,030 pounds; average$30.96.A. B. Hazlerigg, 3,085 pounds; average $32.32.Whaley & Shanks, 1,945 pounds',average $39.67.W. H. Dennis, 2,190 pounds; average, $34.72.No report was sent in by theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company of their "Wednesday sale.too,The Progressive Culture Club.References Popular Novels.Book Reviewrm, t ifa. rtf Hi a "Rep ( MattelmK) . .j.iic -ui. - ,. .JeanetteMissRankin TheClubThe Paris literary Club.The Story of AlaskaThe Canadian Klondike . . ... ...Mrs. WoodfordEskimos Missions.Alaska Indians Education . . ...Miss FithianTwentieth Century Club of Mfflers-burc.American Sculptors1. Daniel Chester French . .... .Miss McClintockFrederick McMonnies.Mrs. bmitnPaul W. Barrett Miss VileyHerbert Adams .. Mrs. ShannonCharles Henry Niehavs..lill &. J3.UUl.CI.Hostess Miss Purnell.The Women's Society of the Baptist church sent last week, a barrelof clothing to the Oneida Baptistschool. This donation was wishedbecause of a recent fire, which destroyed the girls' dormitory and itscontents. This is one of the mostremarkable mouniaiu &cuuui utucky.HONOR ItOIi OP PARIS HOMESCHOOL.The following is the honor roll ofpupils of the Paris Home School, wholeceived first and second honors atthe end of the second quarter of thefirst semester:rnA tt TCenneth Orr Celdwell,90 Mary Alice Collins, 89.Grade HI H. B. Thompson,Bernice Isgrigg, 93.ttmriP. TV Freeman Ashurst,T-h-n William. Redmon. 92.draft VT FrancesAlice Brooks Bridwell,Grade VII MaryRalph Becraft, 93.Grade Yin RobertRaymond Turner, 94;shin 93.arade IX LouiseWillie Redmon, 93.MRS. W. A. HARP, Director.L. & N. CHANGES RUN.Te L. & N. morning passengertrain from Maysville now runsthrough to Louisville and return.Leaving Maysville at an earlier hour,it makes the trip through to Louisville, arriving there about time rostart back to Maysville. As thetrains are generally behind time, thejourney is rendered more tediousand seems longer than it really is.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday 125,325pounds of tobacco for $40,473.44, anaverage of $32.05. The market wa3strong on all grades. Some crop averages follow:Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristow,3,065 pounds; average $43.25.Miss Laura Houston, 3,285 pounds;average $33.39.Martin & Lawson, 3,560 pounds;average $41.47.Ward & Williams, 7,845 pounds;average $33.56.Ellis & Chas. Garrison, 1,913pounds; average $38.58.Ellis & J. S. Garrison, 1,870pounds; average $31.74.Johnson & Garrison, 5,240 pounds;average $33.65.Raymond Taylor, 3,320 pounds;average $36.92.Wigglesworth & Ewalt, 1,820pounds; average $32.84.Talbott & Feeback, 5,295 pounds;average $43.77.Clay & Johnson, 4,860 pounds; average $36.34.Ocker,man & Hard wick, 2,030pounds; average $30.82.Stoker & Burroughs, 4,950 pounds;average $40.59.Stoker & Wagner, 2,810 pounds;average $41.35.Jones & Johnson, 11,955 pounds;average $32.87.Houston & Jones, 4,185 pounds;average $43.43.Duncan & Sears, 4,795 pounds; average $34.64.Hall & Mclntyre, 3,460 pounds;average $41.56.King Redmon & Son, 2,980 poundsaverage $32.51.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND GRAND."A Petticoat Pilot," the Paramountpicture starring Vivian Martin,, atthe Alamo Theatre this afternoon,and the Grand to-night, is an adaptation of the popular novel of thatname by Joseph C. Lincoln. There isan excellent supporting cast for thispopular screen star. Wm. S. Hart,in "The Last Card," a western drama, is an added attraction at thesame houses afternoon and night.For Saturday, the Alamo andGrand present a three star combination, Harry Morey, Florence Deshonand Grace Darmo-nd, in a VitagraphBlue Ribbon feature, "The OtherMan," aj strong drama of a derelictsurgeon reclaimed by the devotion ofa society girl. The Big V RiotSquad, in a rattling Big V comedy,"Peanuts and Politics."For Monday the bill at the Alamoand Grand will be composed of "TheJudgment House," the first big 0.Stuart Blackton releases on the Paramount program, being the story of awoman s part in tne rate or nations.Louis Fazenda, in a new Mack Sennett comedy, "The Kitchen Lady,"the story of a down-trodden servantgirl who is inclined to sentiment.NOTICE T0A1ME1S.WALL PAPER, WALL PAPER.Wall Paper dainty effects.THE FAIR.AT AUCTION MARCH 1ST.Four modern cottages and oneMain street business house will besold at auction on March 1st, at 2p. m. Watch papers and see billsfor full particulars.D. S. HENRY.a m mTHE WEATHER.Ideal davs. bright and fairlv warm.have succeeded the winter weather,in this section. Whether merely atemporary concession by the weatherman or a passing tancy witn mmmatters not, humanity appreciatesthe brief respite from snow, ice,sleet and zero temperature. Yesterday the mercury registered as highas 75 degrees.Weather prodictions for to-daycall for rain and colder. Constantchanges in temperature will be nothing strange to us though, and maybe expected until the coming of summer, or settled weather.Redmon,90.Letton,94;97.92;.94;Smith,Macie94;Salo-Redmon, 94;av-2,-2,-?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh Vegetables; MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 37GThe Independent House sold yesterday a total of 98,710 pounds foran average of $32.38. Some cropaverages follow:Thomason, Burris, Wagoner, 2,150pounds; average $41.83.'Buckner & Johnson, $31.30 pounds;average $32.46.Leach & Helvenstine, 4,410 pounds;average $36.89.Leach & Yazell, 4,410 pounds;erage $31.19.Plummer, McClure & Vimont,970 pounds; average $33.66.Plummer, McClure & Jones.795; average $31.00.Cunningham & Hill, 3,400 pounds;average S33.10.McCray & Menifee, 3,150 pounds;average $31.56.Houston Bros., 2,320 pounds; average $29.27.Redmon & Cummins, 5,160pounds; average $31.84.H. S. Lake, 4,650 pounds; average$35.08.Ward & Smith, 4,715 pounds; average $38.18.Boardma n& Reed, 4,505 pounds;average $38.45.Wheat, Hutchcraft & Revel, 7,590pounds; average $33.46.Young & Bobison, 2,895 pounds,average $33.40.Vanmeter & Hensley, 9,335 pounds,average $36.49.Whaley & Case, 1,325 pounds: average $36.58.Arthur Hendricks, 2,730 pounds;averge $32.95.J. L. Smith, 1,710 pounds; average $29.42.MRS. NANNIE CLAY HOWARD'SSALE, MONDAY. MARCH 4.AT 10:30 A. M.Tobacco continued to roll intoTaris yesterday, and the market wasalmost as good as any of the preceding days. While all the grades havebeen selling at good prices the maiket has been very good here on lowgrades. Bring your tobacco to theParis market, and you may be madehappy yet.Oder & Daniel, of Bourbon county,sold one crop of 2,640 pounds of tobacco at the Peoples' Tobacco Warehouse, in Lexington, Wednesday, foan average of $40.21; and anotheicrop of 6,265 pounds at the samehouse for an average of $36.21.For the past 10 days the Maysvilleloose leaf tobacco market has beensteadily advancing until Wednesdaywhen all records were broken withmore than half a million pounds being sold at an average of more than$28. Although the offerings weremostly common tobacco, prices ranged from $17 to $65 per hundred.fri m toTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.They do say that the writing desksin Uncle Sam's big Governmentbuildings were placed there for theconvenience and accommodation ofthe patrons of the office. A newspaper man who happened to be stollingthrough the lobby of the Paris officethe other day saw one desk entirelytaken up by the representative of alarge insurance company, who washolding forth to a prospective customer. At the desk at the other endof the lobby a representative of anursery firm had the whole desk tohimself, covered with catalogues', literature, and other incumbrances. Hewas busily engaged in transactinghis office business there while a number of persons had to wait for achance to use the desk. JMrs. Nannie Clay Howard's auction sale of her 118-acre farm will beheld on the premises at the intersection of the Clintonville and Ironworks pikes on Monday morning,March 4, at 10:30 o'clock. Remember this is the correct hour of thesale.n m mPUBLIC URGED NOT TO BUILD "HOMES UNTIL WAR IS ENDED.Because such enterprises make agreat drain upon material and laborand material resources, as well asbanking credit, at a time when themilitary requirements are very heavy,Secretary of the Treasury McAdoohas issued an appeal to the publcthat they build no new homes during the war unless the need is urgent. U-BOATS SUNK AS PAST AS HUNSBUILD THEM.Representative Miller, who recently visited the battle front, in France,told the House that he believed Getman submarines are being destroyedabout as fast as Germans can buildthem. He praised ViceAdmiralSlmms for the method he had adoptedwith American destroyers and cruisf.r envoys to combat the submarinemenace and argued that Americanshipping should be handled by American naval officers and not by theShipping Board. There were noAmericans in the crews of the twotransports on which he crossed theAtlantic, he said.Wednesday I made public that ibad placed orders for eighty seedtesters and stated that I would givenotice of arrival.These testers came in Thursdayr. orning, February 28, so I am readyto distribute them to the teacher.-and ask that they come or send forsame as soon as possible. Also request the farmers to prepare at onceand send in twenty ears of corn, ofwhat they believe to be good seedcorn, and the schools will begin thework as soon as the testers are received. I am ready now to begin atmy office, and will test for farmersat the rate of twelve applicants everyfive days, or seventy-two evermonth. First come, Jirst served.You are also requested to bring oneuail for each ear, to be used in tagging it.I am hoping the farmers willtake this testing more serious thanthey have heretofore. This has beentalked of by the farm press andpreached by agricultural colleges andfarmers' institutes until it wouldseem that it is almost threadbare, butthe fact remains that some of ourfarmers are still planting their seedwithout testing, which is a thing toodangerous to think of this year, especially if you had corn in the fieldafter December 7th, or if your cornjou had gathered even then was notperfactly dry. It concerns you mostvitally to have it tested, as a gooddeal of this kind of corn has beentested at the Experiment Station atLexington from all counties of theState, and the result is the same inall cases not more that ten ortwenty per cent, of it will germinate.We occasionally hear a man saythat he does not need to test seed,that he can tell good seed by looking at.it. A most critical examination by the eye can but fail to divulge the truth and at a time likethis no good farmer would take achance of planting any seed that hasnot been tested. With the value ofgrain where it is, we must use everyeffort possible to produce the maximum amount. This can not be donaby planting seed that we do notknow will grow.Poor seed means wasted labor. Suppose two farmers, A and B, eachplanted fifty acres of corn, A's seedis ninety-six per cent, "live," B'sonly forty-eight per cent. They putthe same amount of labor on theirfields. Granting the same productivity in the corn that grows on thetwo farms, B's crop will be only onehalf of A's. He has worked fiftyacres and has the crop of only twenty-fiveacres.; This testing will all be freegratis, but ask that the farmers makeit as light as possible by followinginstructions and acting promptly.A much better plan would be forevery farmer to have one of thesetesters of his own and test every earhe plants, and not plant anythingthat tests short of one hundred percent. He could test any other grainhe may have, with the same tester.If any farmer should want a tester'I can get them for them at fiftycp-nts each, in about six days.J. B. CAYWOOD.County School Superintendent.FRANK&GO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918NOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.PEOPLE URGED TO MAKEEARLY TAX RETURNS.Although the time for filing incomeand excess profit tax returns has beenextended from March 1 to April 1,the Internal Revenue Bureau urgesreports to revenue collectors as soonas possible to avoid the crush of returns expected during the last fe?days of March.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsM MMEAST PARIS HOME SLIGHTLYDAMAGED BY EIRE.The frame cottage in East Parisbelonging to the John Hennessey estate, and occupied by Mr. J. O.Curtis, blacksmith, was slightly damaged Tuesday afternoon by the explosion of a coal oil stove. An alarmsent in from Box 12 called the firedepartment to the scene. The blazewas extinguished with chemicalsProperty loss slight.hhUtFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.1 iEIRE DESTROYS MILLION POUNDSOP CHOCOLATE.Spontaneous combustion, the policeagree caused the fire that destroyedmore than 1,000,000 pounds ofpowdered chocolate early Mondayat the Hershey Chocolate Company'splant at Hershey, Pa.The fire which originated on thetop floor of the building was confinedtnere, but considerable damage wasuone Dy water on lower floors. Th-total loss is placed at $500,000m i mMRS. NANNIE CLAY HOWARD'SSALE, MONDAY, MARCH 4AT 10;30 A. M.Mrs. Nannie Clay Howard's auction sale of her 118-acre farm will beheld on the premises at the intersection of the Clintonville and Ironworks pikes on Monday moraineMarch 4, at 10:30 o'clock. Remenvber this is the correct hour of thsaie. . 'Baled Hay.One hundred tons baled timothyand mixed hay for sale.J. H. THOMPSON,, (lt-pd) R. F. D. No. 8 Paris, Ky.LOST.Cap off gasoline tank on my car.Same had two prongs on top. Losssomewhere on Main street. Pleati eturn toF. P. CAMPBELL,(lt-pd)For Salemare, harness,one-horse farm.One good drivingspring wagon andwagon.If not sold privately, will sell atauction at Court House, Monday,March 4 th.PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY.(Incorporated.)(mar-l-lt)PUBLIC SALE-OP-Engine For Sale.Garr-Scott traction engine; six-teen-horsepower. In good condition.Call on or phone,MRS. JACK WOODS,Home Phone 397, Paris, Ky.Public Sale-OF-Cline Property at NorthMiddletown.On Saturday,March 9at 2:30 P. M.I will sell to the highest and bestbidder,THE PROPERTY OF THE CUNErLELRS,in North Middletown, Ky. Thisproperty is one of the most desirablesites in the city of North Middletown,situated on Main street, in the heartof the town, is one of he most valuable properties in the city for eitherresidential or business purposes.There is on the lot a large and commodious dwelling house, also an excellent site for a building lot, together with as good a garden as canbe found anywhere. There is alsoan excellent cistern on the property.Any one who desires a home, aninvestment, or a business nronositinr.in this part of the cpuntyjvshould investigate this proposition.TERMS OF SALE One-half cash,one half in one year, secured by goodnote and lien on the property, withthe priyilege to the purchaser topay cash if desired.Remember the date of sale March9, 1918, 2:30 p. m.DAVID D. CLINE,Agent for Cline Heirs.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.$, (mar-1-5-8) - -25 HEAD OF FARM MARESI will sell at public auction at T. G. Morris' livery stable onMam Street m Pans, on Court Day,Monday, March 4, 1918at 1 p. m., 25 head of mares. These mares are all broke to harness, sound and ready. Ages from 3 to 6 years. The mares canbe seen at Morris' Stable Saturday before the sale.Sale positive, rain or shine.e . m - WOODS LIVE STOCK CO.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. j. h. Jordan, Salesman.?Here You Are SURE ToGet the BestWe not only carry the most complete line of sick-roomnecessities and toilet articles, but we carry the best.Every purchase you make in this store is not onlybacked by the guarantee of its maker, but also carrieswith it this store's guarantee.Your Satisfaction is AssuredOr Your Money is Cheerfully RefundedCarrying the best known and widely advertised linesbacked by this double guarantee, why take a chance elsewhere? Why trust to luck that you will be satisfied?Here you KNOW you will. The next time you need anything, either in the line of sick room necessities or toiletarticles of any sort, try us.You will find it dtcidedly worth yourwhile to go a little out of yourway to make your purchases here.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.415 MAIN ST. moNE 4C4V,- i.:lT&.S." rs .X.-:y.,,l-a.Vr-- f t,u?JvFRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1918.THE BOOtBON NEWS, PAWS, KY.izKflsFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFor fire, wind, lightning and automobileinsurance,seeYerkes& Peed, at Farmers &Traders Bank.TOBACCO COTTON.All grades andDepartment Store.prices at Feld's(tf)WALL PAPER.Wall Paper new patterns.THE FAIR.NEW AUTO TRUCKS.The M. J. Murphy Transfer Co.has recently put in service two newhigh power auto transfer trucks tohandle their increasing business.The new machines are capable ofhauling several tons of any kind offreight and are up-to-date in everyrespect.D. OF C. MEETING.The regular meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, Daughters of theConfederacy, will be held in the Confederate room in the court housenext Tuesday, Majrch 5. The meetingwill be in the nature of an all-daysession, when the members of thoChapter will devote part of the timeto sewing for the Red Cross.THAT GOOD SORGHUM.Farmer's Pride Sorghum, $1.00 perjallon.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.MRS. NANNIE CLAY HOWARD'SSALE, MONDAY, MARCH 4,AT 10:30 A. M.Mrs. Nannie Clay Howard's" auction sale of her 118-acre farm will beheld on the premises at the intersection of the Clintonville and Ironworks pikes on Monday morning,March 4, at 10:30 o'clock. Remember this is the correct hour of thesale.DAY BROS. HAVE GOOD SALE.There was a large attendance atthe Day Bros.' sale Wednesday.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney conductedthe sale on the premises, near Paris.Good prices were realized, some ofthem as follows: Horses, 70 to$90; cows, $40 to ?4o per head;yearling steer, $55; one pair mulea,$285; two-year-old mules, $90 to$125 per head; brood sows, $40 to$60; farming implements sold well.RETAIL DEALERS SIGN PLEDGE.The Food Administration has issued a pledge card which it is askingthe retail dealers to sign. The pledgebinds the food merchants to endeavorto save wheat, and that they will notsell any wheat flour without sellingan equal amount of the substitutesnamed on the pledge card.As yet there have been none ofthe three-quarter loaves of breadoffered for sale here, but it is expected that they will be sold withinthe next day or two. The Food Administration has authorized the baking of this small loaf to accommodatethe small families that would not require a pound loaf at a meal.THE LATEST RIDDLE.Coming down Main street yesterday at noon THE NEWS man washalted by a Paris merchant who isknown as one who keeps up to thevery minute in all the good thingsthat make the rounds."Have you heard the latest riddle?" he queried of the newsgatherer.Upon the latter's frank admissionthat he might have heard, and forgotten it the merchant said:"Why is any little thunderstormin Paris like 9:00 p. m. in CampZachary Taylor? Because all lightsare out!"Does any one dispute it?TOBACCO COTTON.A and AA Grade Tobacco Cotton6 cents per yard, at(It) HARRY SIMON'S.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. H. Flora, of Cowan, is aguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.R. H. Biddle, near Paris.Mrs. Edith Patto-n, of Shawhan,is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. A.B. Oldham, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Thomas Higgins has returned from a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Robert Morris, in Indianapolis. Mrs. Addie Smith and Mr. andMrs. John T. Hedges were guests recently of Mrs. Henry O. Thomas, inWinchester.Mrs. Theodore Richards has returned to her home in Cowan, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord,in this city.Mr. Edgar Vansant, of Memphis,Tenn., is the guest of his parents,Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant, onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Newton Mitchellhave returned from Camp ZacharyTaylor, near Louisville, where theyvisited their son, Mr. Joseph Mitcnell. Dr. D. S. Henry, of Paris, received a message Wednesday, stating that his father, Mr. J. E. Henry,was seriously ill at his home inLatta, South Carolina.A theatre party from Paris atthe Lexington Opera House, Tuesdayevening, was composed of Mr. andMrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Miss KateAlexander and Mr. Charlton Clay.Mrs. Helen Kennedy and son,John T. Kennedy, Jr., have returne'lto their home in Winchester, after avisit to the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Stivers, on Cypressstreet.Miss Edith Stivers, who is a.member of the faculty of the NewportHigh School, returned' to Newport,Monday, after a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stivers, on Cypress street.Mrs. Thomas McCray, Mr. andMrs. Chas. P. Mann, Mrs. BedfordDeaver and Mrs. Campbell, all ofParis, attended the funeral and burial of Miss Tommie Campbell, atCarlisle, Wednesday.Mr. Wm. Caughey, of Trenton,New Jersey, was a guest Wednesdayof his relatives, the Misses Comack,on Eighth street. Mr. Caughey is inthe Government service, and being inKentucky on official business, cameto Paris to jmake a social call.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithian, ofLouisville, are guests of Mr. Fithian's parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesN. Fithian, on Pleasant street. Mr.Fithian, who is traveling representative of a large wholesale concern,will make his headquarters in Paris.Mr. Thos. W. Walls, who hasbeen a guest of his cousin Mr. Chas.Walls, at Little Rock, for severalweeks, has returned to his home inBrockton, Illinois. Mr. Walls is anative of Bourbon County but lefthere fifty years ago to make his homein the West.Cythiana Democrat: "Mr. E.H. Ingels, of near Millersburg, washere the other day. Mr. and Mrs.Ingels having sold their farm, arsremoving this week to Paris, wherethey will reside. Their home will beNo. 20 Nineteenth street. . . .Mr. andMrs. John J. Lee, of Paris, were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs. Z. W.Lee."Mr. and Mrs. Deward Jones entertained with a dance at their homenear Paris, in honor of their sister,Mrs. Jennie Thomas, of Hamilton,Ohio. A delicious lunch was serveuto about one hundred guests, whoenjoyed the hospitality. Music forthe dancers was furnished by a Lexington orchestra, and a merry timewas reported by all.The Harrisville W. Va., Standardsays:"Carolyn, the baby daughter of W.C. Potts and wife, is quite ill of pneumonia fever at the home of MelvinMoore. Miss Anna Stull, a trainednurse, is taking care of the littleone."Little Miss Potts is now out of danger and improving says a message torelatives in Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3), THE BUMRTOGE SALE.At the sale of stock, crop, etc., belonging to Miss Mary Burbridgt,conducted on the farm, on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris, Wednesday,by Auctioneer George Speakes, ofParis, everything sold brought goodprices. Brood sows sold for -$40 to$65 per head. The farm had previously been sold for $208 per acre,and only live stock and crops wereoffered. The attendance was good.THE FAIRFor Saturday and Court DavOnly, From 8 a. m. to 5 d. m.A delayed1 shipment of sev-eral cases of merchandise atgreat saving for Saturday andCourt Day only:Talcum Powder, 10c can, at5c; Pure Aluminum PiePans, 10c; Jet Oil Shoe Dress-ing, 6c bottle; Chair Seats,all sizes, each 5c; Gold Fish,Globe and Moss, all for 10c;Window Shades, all widths,all colors, all lengths, 35c, v39c, 43c and up, DuplexShades, white on one side,green on the other, regular98c, at 73c; our new coffeedepartment ground or whole,genuine Rio Coffee, per pound15c, Santos, a pound 19c;private stock Bourbon, perpound, 25c, Golden Grains,per pound, 30c; all belowmarket value. Try a poundat our expense, or your moneyrefunded; 6 plates, 6 cupsand saucers, covered dishes,meat dishes, and numerousother things; a piece givenaway with every pound ofcoffee, at 29c a pound; hand-or nail brushes,, seconds, 6 ,for 5c; grey enameled steelDish Pans, the extra deep 16inches across, at 49c, 15 inch-es across, extra deep, at 37 c,14 inches across, shallow, at25c each; heavy tinDish Pans,. full 21 quart size, at 49c;Coal Buckets, each 25c; Im-ported Kitchen Stones, forsharpening knives, 5c; Cash-mere Banquet Toilet Soap,10c a cake, Glazed Cuspidors,10c; Paint Brushes, 1 inch,1 and 2 inches, your choice5c; Breeding, and CanaryBird Cages, a large selectionat moderate prices; BrassCurtain Rods, each 5c; FireShovels, 5c; Paper Napkins,100 in a package, 10c...WALL PAPER.On Sale Tuesday Next.vA beautiful line of entirelynew patterns, at 6c and7c, and 8c a roll, andBorders to match.Oat Meal Papers at 10 c aroll, and Varnished Tiles, at12c a roll.THE FAIR.HaT fisSTRART IN THE NEW SERIESPEOPLES' BUILDING & LOANASSOCIATION.Start in the new series of stock tobe opened on Saturday, March 2, bythe People's Biulding & Loan Associtaion, at the Peoples' Deposit Banit& Trust Company.G. W. WILDER, President.WM. T. BRYAN, Secretary,(lmar-tf)LOOKING FOR LOCATION FORSKATING RINK.Mr. John B. Elliott, president ofthe Colonial Amusement Company, ofLexington, who own and control achain of Central Kentucky movingpicture houses, of which the AlamoTheatre and the Paris Grand, aremembers, was in Paris yesterday. -Mr. Elliott was prospeuuu6 iulocation for an up-to-date skatingrink, and inspected several promisingsites but took no definite action inthe matter. He held a conferencewith several business men on thesubject, and if his plans are carriedto a successful conclusion, Paris maysoon have one of these modernamusement places.' The roller rink was a craze in Parismany years ago, being extensivelypatronized by all classes, and providing innocent amusement for hundreds. The craste is again sweeping;1,- ofoa rinVs heinr in active.opevtftioa 1m many Central KentuckyTHE EVERYSTUDENT.The Paris High School publication, Everystudent, is always interesting and never dull. The February number just off the press at theNEWS job rooms, contains manyfeatures. Like its predecessors it isably edited and the contributionsshow results of good training fromthe instructors.This number embraces a reviewof the Lyceum Course; The ValentineParty; Life's Little Tragedies;Chapel Notes; Basketball Notes;"The Happy Little Bee" by AlmaLouise Goldstein; Wise and Ootherwise; Editorials; The Agony Column; Personals; Questions andAnswers; Books They Like to Read;"Discontended," poem by Miss MabelTemplin; "A Mother's Longing"poem, by Miss Edna Snapp; "TheSeven Wonders," a humorous skiton' the follies of some of the P. H. S.students; "Who's Who," hits P. H.S. boys and girls; "Patron's Day,"contribution, (crowded over fromJanuary number) ; "The Fifth-fourthSpasm," "Whitlets." "Doctors AreHeartless Things," contributed poems, and on the back page "Slacker,Think It Over," a vigorous arraign-1ment of the slacker."Everystudent" has attained ahigh rank among High School publications, due to the excellence of itsliterary material, and the furtherfact that it is always a, finishedproduct, mechanically and typographically.DR. VANSAN? MOVES OFFICE.Dr. J. T. Vansant has moved torooms in the Nippert building, overthe Alamo Theatre,, corner. Fifth anaMain, streets. tl r u-u-L 'HearThese Recordson theVictrolaALMA GLUCKShe Wandered Down the MounSide 7450311.50FRANCES ALDALa Marsellaise 64693 $1.00JOHN McCORMACKThe Rainbow of Love64732-$1.00EVAN WILLIAMSTim Rooney's at the Fightin'64761-$1.00DaughertyBros.Fifth and MainJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSES.V.In All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods Ldmany other materials toselect from.& siCome in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryMBflwwimfflfrWMSJ119aAI1115isafiaICOMETo Our February and MarchBIG CASH SALE!This sale comes right at the very time you needFurniture, Rugs, Mattingsand other Houscf urnishings. Every time you buy a dollararticle you save twenty cents. Can you beat it? No, norequal it.Our Whole Stock IsIn This Big Cash Sale !Just Take 20 Per Cent Offthe regular price of anything you findin our stock and you know our stockis as good as you can find.Ev fSjBig Cash Sale Price of ThisMaple Rocker$3.98See the Queen Anne Solid WalnutDining Room Suite in Our WindowCome to this Sale! We Save You Money!THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGSEITHERPHOINE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.rapW. tOWJWI, f x iiJUIUJWUJsTHE B0UR50,SIB1S;KY..r" l.tTjrmiDAYPMISXXt rr "rwMAMCK a, Iflt. ,MUmj i.That Lingering Coldis a steady drain on yourphysical staining. It impoverishes v the blood,distresses the digestion,and exhausts your vigor.It affords a fertile fieldfor serious infection and islikely to become chronic.You Needn't Sufferfrom it if you will take Perunaand use prudence in avoidingexposure. Peruna clears upcatarrhal conditions. Thousands have proved this to any.fair person. Get a box of thetablets today prove it yourself. Manyprefer"Wieliquid form.Both aregood.At your drugBBayatuttKSgists..THE PERUNACOMPANYCllMtll, Ofci.MClUJrWOTWTO REMOVE AMERICANS PROMRUSSIAN TERRITORY.WASHINGTON, Feb. 26. Arrangements have been made to movethe Americans in Moscow to Samara,700 miles to the east. No immediateoccupation of Moscow by Germantroops is expected, but it wasthought advisable to move the Americans. The Consul General at Moscow,reporting these arrangements to theState Department, added thatall Americans there were well.The department also received adispatch of February 13, saying thsRumanian Premier was preparing togo to Bucharest to meet .German Foreign Minister von Kuehlmann andCount Czernin, the Austrian foreignminister, presumably to resume peacenegotiations.1 1 iBAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.When you have had a bad taste Inyour mouth you may know that yourdigestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. Youwill find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv. March)'-I m mSo far as sharing in he Government, Vice President Marshall isspurlos versenkt.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyTotal Sales For December 440,005 PoundsAverage, $27.83Sale of February 7th, 83,760 PoundsAverage, $31.74We Invite Comparison.DAILYThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co,-"THE TOBACCO MARKETThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold a total of187,525 pounds of tobacco Mondayfor $64,354.43, an average of 34.32per hundred pounds. The sale wasan extra good one, the growers being well pleased with the high averages obtained. The market wasstrong and active. The followingcrop averages were reported:Meyers & Dale sold 4,230 poundsfor an average of $39.87- per hundredpounds.Geo. A. Keller sold 8,145 poundsfor an average of $35.63.C. R. White & Current sold 3,455pounds for an avearge of $37.86.Turney & Pryor sold 2,255 poundsfor an average of $39.45.Turney & Pryor sold 3,365 poundsfor an average of $40.62.L. C. Neal. sold 2,805 pounds foran average of $4(r.'54.McCray & Menifee sold 3,080pounds for an average of $36.83.Fryman & James sold. 5,680 poundsfor an average of $39.70.Houston Bros., sold 3,190 poundsfor an average of $37.61.Thomason Bros. & Fraley sold9,730 pounds for an average of$38.40.Clark & Hamilton sold 4,105pounds for an anverage of $33.52.Clark & Letton sold 3,230 poundsfor an aevrage of $37.91.Woodford & Hall sold 3,260 poundsfor $38.56.Marsh & McCord sold 1,745 poundsfor an average of $32.23.C. H. Day & Bro., sold 3,200pounds for an average of $45.55.Ferguson & Jordon sold 4,300pounds for an average of $36.40.Webber & Whalen sold 4,170pounds for an average of $37.19.Baldwin & Banta sold 790 poundsfor an average of $41.10.Thomason & Hinkle sold" 7,715pounds for an average of $38.78.Wilson & Son sold 4,555 poundstor an avearge of $38.72.Whaley & Smart sold 2,920 poundsfor an average of $45.89.Griffith Sisters & Hatfield sold2,765 pounds for an average of$41.69.Whaley & Shanks sold 3,100pounds for an average of $38.31.Bedford & May sold 4,375 poundsfor an average of $44.30.A. O. Robinson sold 6,345 poundsfor an average of $37.22.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Tuesday at their ParisHouse, 226,245 pounds of tobacco for$69,091.74, an average of $30.54 perhundred pounds. The sale was considered the very best of the season,quality considered, the offerings being composed of very poor tobacco.In the Bourbon House 49,475 poundsot tobacco was sold for an average of$33.23 per hundred pounds. .The feature of the sale was thecrop of Mrs. W. B. Woodford andBristow, of 2,815 pounds of tobaccothat brought the hicrh average'- of$55.62, this being the record crop-forthe state. Some of the other cropaverages were as follows:Yancey Laughhn sold 3,235' poundsfor an average of $43.41.W. C. Laughlin sold 3,935 poundsfor an average of $40.11.Evans & Kane sold 8,555 poundsfor an average of $41.34.THE(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYWILL BESALESHELDExcept SaturdaysWesley Florence sold2,200 poundsfor an average of $40.62.Woodford & Harney sold 2,090pounds for an average of $39.96.Hall & Mclntyre sold 2,945 poundsfor an average of $39.81.T. H. Gaitskill sold 3,900 poundsfor an average of $39.23.Wesley Florence sold 2,815 poundsfor an average of $37.48.Clark Leer sold 6,920 pounds foran average of $36.65.Martin & Lawson sold 3,400pounds for an average of $.34.48.Ardery & Offutt sold 1,980 poundsfor an average of $32.19.J. G. Rogers sold 5,540 pounds foran average of $34.32.Harney & Faulkner sold 1,615pounds for an average of $32.95.Miss Mary Burbridge sold 3,115pounds for an average, of $31.97.LOUISVILLE CONTRACTORSIN PADUCAH EIRE.LOSEThe barns and shelterhouses of L.R. Figg & Son, of Louisville, whicafirm has a large contract to buildroads in McCracken county, weredestroyed by fire Saturday afternoonat Lone Oak, five miles from Paducah. Much corn and hay weredestroyed. The loss was estimatedat about $5,000, covered by insurance. The fire originated from a defective flue.& mYOU'RE BILIIOUS! LET"CASCARETS" LIVENLIVER AND BOWELS.Don't Stay Headachy,. Constipated,Sick, With Breath Bad andStomach Sour.Get a ten-cent box now.You men and women who can't getfeeling right who have headache,coated tongue, bad taste and foulbreath, dizziness, can't sleep, arebilious, nervous and upset, botheredwith a sick, gassy, disordered stomach or have a bad cold. 'Are you keeping your bowels cleanwith Cascarets, or merely forcing apassageway every few days withsalts, cathartic pills or castor oil?Cascarets work while you sleep;cleans the stomach, remove the sour,undigested fermenting food and foulgases, take the excess bile from thyliver and carry out of the system allthe constipated waste matter andpoison in the bowels.A Cascaret tonight will straighten you out by morning :a ten centbox from any drug store will keepyour stomach sweet, liver and bowelsregular, and head clear for months.Don't forget the children. They loveCascarets "because they taste goodnever gripe or sicken.(adv. March)191 lIt is indignantly denied that American, soldiers are shooting , craps-not,at least, when there are Germansnipers within range.i. l.-ql mjm.mmm , n,. y j&, -'is7BHHHHHHHBETi sl'SSCjS'BaaaBBaB 'bw m$?mmmBaaY' i " v'laaaaV' aaaaaY'M S-0-M-Efl Goodies! yrJKSH the kind dlreaa8ffcmm thztmhijMl' in your jEfSSPBHpcHf mouth JSpSHittKlilKg light, 5S3SBilS-.H fluffy. tenderiM, V' "LK cakes, biscuits and "tfr'H doughnuts that just HftjH keep you hanging HtM 'round the pantry MB-jF all made with 4BK9 CALUMET mBAKING POWDER 9K;aHP the safest, purest, most HEMfSfi economical kind. Try Ek'KH it drive away bake-day jKffjW failures." IHaSp You save when you buy it. SLYErag You save when you use it. IDH'22 Calumet contains only such flHSU ingredients as have been MsT:2gau approved officially by the WSBm-IBR U.S. Food Authorities. HISSmm highest?" mmEX-PRESIDENT TAET HELPS LABOR BOARD.WASHINGTON, Feb. 28. WilliamHoward Taft, for President, hasbeen selected by the employers oxthe "Labor Planning Bodird" to represent the public on the Board. Theunion leaders will choose their representative of the public later.Feng Kwo-Chang, of China, admitsthat he is a one-term President.MUMaWMMIHIHIMMaiaWMatThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.3S1KsHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropiHaving Sold for Mrs. W. B. Woodford & Bristow 2310 Poundsof Tobacco ForAn Average of $55.62i1iii5Saleof February 20th, 291,3501AVERAGE, $31.42Some Other Good Recent Averages:Jones & Mason 1525 pounds,Marshall & Moreland 5565 pounds,Clay & Toohey 2340 pounds,J- H. Barnes 4050 pounds,Shropshire & Tibbs 3390 pounds,Grimes & Johnson 2305 pounds,Thomas & Reed 4084 pounds,H. L. Smith 3505 pounds,The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company Holds, Beside theCrop Record, the Market Record for Paris and KentuckyESS-zr-scm.r-.cCAERE PIGEOK XmSlO051,SIGKAL COOTS IFOEHEirCarrier pigeons are being trainedby the Signal Battalion of the 84thDivision, composed of Indiana, Kentucky and Southern Illinois men, atCamp Zachary Taylor, in deliveringmessages. Twenty birds were presented to the Division by Louisvillebreeders more than a month ago.When the pigeons were released fortheir first flight they were found tohave been so well handled by the'men of the Siemal Corns, in whosecharge they had been placed, thatnot a single bird was lost. Dailyflies are held and the distances being increased gradually. Eventu-L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective February 10, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.);TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo. ' " -34 Atlanta, dally 5:20 am! Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:31 am17 Maysville,. daily exceptnsuriday ... 3..7:38lam40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . ..- - ...7:40 a37 Cincinnati, O., dally. ."....: 10:05 am12 Lexington, dally 10:07 am33 Chicago, daily 10:20 am9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday.. 5:40 pm138 Lexington, Dally 3:15 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pin39 Cincinnati, Dally Except Sunday 5:50 pa16 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday - .. 6:30 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Dally 6:45 pm131 Lexington Daily r 1023 p m31 Cincinnati, O., Dally 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only .' 12:30 pm209 Maysville, Sunday only 5:40 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVfNo. ' " r '34 Cincinnati, daily 5:25 am40 Cincinnati, dally except Sunday ; 7:45 ant17 Lexingtpn daily except Suhaay. ... 7:47 ata10 Maysville, daily except Sunday. . 7:45 aa13 Lexington, dally except Sunday 10:28 am37 Knoxville, daily 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, dally 10:25 am129 Lexington, daily 3:21 pm38 Cincinnati, dally " 3:25 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday l:Hpn16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pm32 Chicago, daily ..6:50 pm131 Lexington, Dally 10:37 pm31 Atlanta Ga., Dally ' 10:38 pm210 Maysville, Sunday only . 12:35 pm209 Lexington, Sunday only .i 4:47 pmTIIHE-TiLBLNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Bx. Sunday 7:38 a. n4 Frankfort, Ky.-, Daily Ex. Sunday........... 5:50 p. aTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 8:25 a. m.5 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday. -...... ..- '.'. "": pm.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYSold 5,400,000 pounds of tobacco for an average off $28.74.Was also above the average off any market in Kentucky.ally the Signal Ctorpririll tare 3irfbirds.I Mftinr filar ati ro 17? TVmerTiA-H-wDivision Signal Officer, meanwhile,is searching the cantonment for men,enlisted and experienced in handling"and training carrier pigeons.Th Clevtr Man.The Los- Angeles Express basNildeaHthat- a "clever man is on-never attempts to do things beinKHW 'he can't. "'rAbsurdly as matters are conductedin Russia, the people may be happier.They are allowed to talk, wh'icli Isoften regarded as the ultimate of joy.Poundsmaverageaverageaverageaverageaverageaverage .averageaverage$44.4343.97. 40.63. 40.97'. 40.27. 42.05, 38.4S, 38.07'X.S1 BoarbonTobaccoWareboueGo.fI . J. T. COLLINS,- Manager. 1(Imoorioxmtti.)PARIS, KENTUCKYftv-PRIDAT, MARCH 1, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.IMS OflytSAYS KAISER IS GREATEST CRIMINAL IN HISTORY.CINCINNATI, Feb. 28. RabbiDavid Philipson, in his sermon Saturday morning at Rockdale AvenueTemple said:"Washington and his co-laborersestablished a free government onthese shores; Lincoln and his followers preserved the Union for freedom ;but the days in which we live areinfinitely more critical than those ofthe Revolution or Rebellion."Our people are not yet awake tothe danger. What is going on in Russia now must convince even the mosteasy-going how lost to all consideration of honor militarism is."Possibly nothing that the militaristic monsters of Germany have donesince the initial violation of Belgianneutrality with its attendant horrorshas so aroused us to the unspeakable-villainy and criminality of militarismas the present invasion of Russia.Through the stupidity or the knaveryof the Bolsheviki leaders and thetrickery of Germany that land nowis lying prostrate and defenseless.The armed Hun hordes are sweepingforward and looting and thieving.The Kaiser and his minions are indeed the greatest criminals in history." j mOccupy Your Proper Place., It's continuous confidence In theideal of your own making that compelssuccess, observes an educator. Somemen never question the possibility ofdefeat They may have set-backs butnot defeats. They are right and knowthemselves to be right. The rest ofthe world may be ranged against themfor all they care. They have a mission and nothing short of it "will satisfy. That's what you should have.-Qet the proper self-estimate and movetip to your place.An exchange says whale meat isboth cheap and nourishing. But tento one, by the time we dive for itwe'll be confronted with a whaleless day.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Coma In and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)SHOEPOLISHESKEEP YOUREJQUSDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE,TAN, DARK BROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES.PRESERVE THE LEATHER.vi"THE F.F.OAt-lEY CORPORATIONS. LIMITED,, BUFFALO. M.V.A MAN AND HIS WIFE;-i vij fmWLEVY, THE DRY' CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Hill IS HiOFFERED TD ALLFOR RHEUMATISMIThis Great Curative Property CanNow Be Tried at Homeby Anyhody.Radium is one of the most efficientcurative properties for rheumatismknown to medicaal science.ButRadium treatments in the past'have been enormously expensive anithe cost has prohibited the averageman or woman who has rheumatism from trying it. Either thesufferer had to journey to some hotsprings to drink the water containing the radium emanations or go toan institution known as an 'Bmanatorium'' where the radium treatment was taken by inhaling the gasor emanations given off frqrn aquantity of pure radium.Now, however, the radium treatment is noe expensiveSufferers fromrheumatism can try radium right intheir own homes and the cost is nogreater than the cost of ordinal ymedicines.The manufactures of Tanlac, themost widely known general systemtonic in America, have placed a medicine on the market and it containsradium.Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment,under which name the -new medicine is being introduced, is complete.It consists of a tablet for internaluse and a medicament for externaluse. Each of the tablets for internaluse produces four mache units ofgenuine radium emanation.If you suffer from the aches andpains and twinges of rheumatism getTanlac Rheumatism. Treatment today and get a real medicine for thisdreaded complaint. You can getTanlftc Rheumatism Treatment atany good drug store where you getTanlac, the famous tonic.You can get Tanlac RheumaticTreatment at Varden & Son's.AMERICANS APFECT GREAT SAVING BY MEATLESS BAY.WASHINGTON, Feb. 28. Meatless days in the United States havesaved 140.000.000 pounds of beef infour months, the food administrationannounced recently. In tms period165,000,000 pounds of beef were exported to the allies, together with400,000,000 pounds of pork products.The announcement concludes: "If themany people who have assisted in theaccumulation of exportable stocks ofmeat products could receive the expressions of gratitude with whichthese shipments are now being received' in Europe they would feelamply rewarded for the sacrifices."Pa fc JSlAbont the only current news coming that is causing apprehension toM. Lenine is that the value of theGerman mark is still going down.TRY THIS FOR SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little meat andnone at all for supper. If you arej still troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.( (adv. March)SHOES NEAT'.may Dotn aenve sansiacuonby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.m.i tI A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692TajOBjHpBMpf I JKX R,4 A-fGRANGE MASTERSUrges Ohio Farmers to Preparefor the Next LibertyLoan DriveGRANGESURPUJSALLfNVESTEDNation's Securities Best Investmenton Earth. Farmers Should ProvePatriotic by Buying.Baraesville, O. (Special) Louis j.Taber, master of tke Ohio StateGrange, urges that the coming Liberty Loan drive be made the subject ofspecial discussion and considerationin the Washington - Lincoln - Libertymeetings now being held in the various sub-granges throughout the state.Mr. Taber favors a big farmer investment next drive."The next Liberty Loan campaign,"he says, "will afford the Grange an exceptional opportunity to serve patriotically not only our order, but agriculture, the country and civilizationat large. The motto of the state grangeis 'A bond in every farm home in OhioThe state organization has investedevery penny .of its surplus in Libertybonds. Sub-granges should follow itsexample."Nor should we stop thene. Everypatron and every farmer should bereached. For there is not a farmerin Ohio but can afford to buy at leastone Liberty Bond on the very easyterms offered. Every one should holdat least one bond. The farmer wasnot a heavy purchaser in either of theearlier drives. There were reasonsjustifying this condition then, but thereis no adequate excuse for his failureto purchase now.''No class of men have been morecriticized than the- farmers, howeverunjust this criticism may have been.They will soon have an opportunityto refute these charges, and I am confident they will maintain the traditions of their patriotic forefathers bycoming nobly to the financial rescueof their country. There is no betteror safer investment on earth than aLiberty Bond.WORK, SAVE, FIGHT.These are 'the three cardinal requisites of the present condition ofworld menace. They are the surmounting beatitudes of our chaotictimes. We will ignore them only atour peril. We will shirk them onlyat an overwhelming cost. We must donot only one, but all to win. And winwe must.To lose this conflict with the kaiser'shosts; to bend the knee in submissionto the will of the Prussian autocracy;to accept peace terms dictated by thewar lords of Germany, would be totrail in the dust the highest hopesof Democracy. It would mark theWaterloo of Liberty. It might spellthe end.America wants no autocratic donitination at this late day. The UnitedStates has led the way in world enlightenment and the sowing of theseeds of freedom too long ever to submit to tyranny. And German victorywould mean that.So we must work to the utmost inour respective lines that the normalproduction may be maintained and ourmaterial needs may be met fully andpromptly.We must save, economize, curtail,that home consumption may be reduced and our individual resources bekept to their normal standard.For in doing both we will have moreto offer our government, directly andindirectly; through personal sacrificeand investment, in war securities.And we can trust our boys at thefront to do their share of the flghting;the spirit of freedom will inspire tothat.Work, save, 'fight and WIN.That'sour program.THE SHADOW BEFORE.Remember that story which flashedacross the cables some weeks agoabout an American sentry having beenkilled by a German night patrol?Evidently they surprised and overpowered him. They might just as easily have taken him prisoner. But theydidn't.They cut his throat from ear to ear!Not a pretty story; not a story commending the much vaunted Germankultur; not a story calculated to inspire confidence in the kaiser's closely following peace proposals.But intensely illuminating!It was notice, served in the Germanway, of what our boys in khaki mayexpectIt was an early intimation of whatthe gore-maddened Hun may be expected to do if he ever puts his nailedheel and his mailed fist upon American shores.And in the usual Prussian way itwas done in the dark!God help America if we fail to bringevery resource to bear in winning thiswar.And God help you and yours if youfail to do your part.Buy a Liberty Bond before it is toolate.We MUST strafe the Hun.IA lot of pessimistic prophets aresorely' disappointed that the lastLiberty Loan failed to "bust thebanks."INDORSESBONDttOTfEfStiiiirTO BEShould Read Mr. Monyhan'sLetter Published byHer Permission.Mitchell, Ind. "LydiaE.Pinkham'avegetable Compound helped me so muchj nnnnir tha fimawas lookingf orwardto the coming of mylittle one that I amrecommending it toother ex p e c t a n tmothers. Beforetaking it,somedayaI suffered with neuralgia so badly thatI thought I couldnot live, but aftertaking three bottlesof Lydia E. P i n kham's VegetableCompound I was entirely relieved ofneuralgia, 1 hadgained in strengthand was able to goarming nnrl in allmy housework. My baby when sevenmonths old weighed 19 pounds and I feelbetter than J nave for a long time. Inever had any medicine do me somuch good. "Mrs. Pearl Monyhan.Mitchell, Ind.Good health during maternity is amost important factor to both motherand child, and many letters have beenreceived by the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass., telling ofhealth restored during this trying periodby the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.U. S. GETTING SURPLUS OP ARMYSUPPLIES.WASHINGTON, February 28.Seven hundred thousand army rifleshave been produced in the UnitedStates since this country entered thewar, according to a statement madepublic Wednesday by the Ordnancebureau of the War department. Thisproduction, the statement says, is thegreatest ever achieved by any country in a similar period."We have to-day," the statementsays, "a total of 1,300,000 servicerifles. Only about 50 per cent ofthe troops carry rifles. We have inaddition 160,000 Krags, 100,000 Russian rifles and some 20,000 Rossrifles, or a total of about 280,000training riflesRifle cartridge production is on asimilar scale, the statement showingthat.a total of 7,300,000 was the dailyaverage output in January.GIRLS ! THICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRAND STOP DANDRUFF.Try This! .Your Hair Gets Wavy,Glossy and Abundantat Once.To be possessed with a head ofheavy, beautiful hair; soft, lustrous,fluffy, wavy and free from dandruffis merely a matter of using a littleDanderine. 'It is easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Justget a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine now for a few cents all drugstores recommend it, apply a, little asdirected and within ten minutes therewill be an appearance of abundance,freshness, fluffiness and ,an inconparable gloss and lustre, and try asyou as you will you cannot find atrace of dandruff or falling hair;but your real surprise will be afterabout two weeks' use, when you willsee new hair fine and downy atfirst yes but really new hairsprouting out all over your scalpDanderine is, we believe, the onlysure hair grower, destroyer of dandruff and cure for itchy scalp and itnever fails to stop falling hair atonce .If you want to prove how prettyand soft your hair really is, moistena cloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hairtaking one small strand at a time.Your hair will be soft, glossy andbeautiful in just a few momentsa delightful surprise awaits everyone who tries this.Nobody has yet launched a presidential boom for Doc Garfield as thegenius back of the heatless Mondayidea.FOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It has stood the test of timeand can be depended upon.(adv. March)CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tcPatrons.HOT AND GOLD BATHS.Professional Cards.'x WM. GRANNA1NAitorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.,. PHONE 1St. 'FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment 'SBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 jCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K INO WIS THE TIMETO FIGURE ONSpringANDPaperingjti&CALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANEThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in personfyou alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated) A . , ,J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,District Manager. Steal Hunger.twin Bros. Department StoreSeventh ana main .We Invite YouNew Ones Arriving Daily!BUY A THRIFT STAMP!The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props. -Telephone No. 4.2HnrJTBourbonr q i .'-1 rfsPari Kentucky.'Paintingj-BROSParis, KtntnckyToandcome inexamine onr large stockofMillineryEtc.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedI to do work inferior- tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.dLaundry,X'"-JLf 'C: h . .tta. j.r.tf- v i . - s' V&- -- J?r,ije5W& . r&fsjp''V'S ' J'viUvt?'t,-y ' ' ""HI l!" "II?- ylift I lliniHr"PAGE EIGHT,41-t.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS,.KYf.ITilDAY, MABCH 1, 111.IJT- - - - - ..-,.,.,.. ........ .......MI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSi nwTT-n-wTMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.f 1 1 1 W t "! I'-''i'li"M'lI"I"I"I"H'4"I''"H-l'"M"l"Mi4i'l'-. ,MILLERSBURG ! DEATHS.'-Mr, 0. B. Hurst was in Frankforttm business Tuesday and Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst arispending- a few days with relativesl at Elizaville.T-he jnany friends of Mr. C. W.iHoward will be glad to learn thatlie is slightly improved.Mr. Ed. W. Ammerman, of Leb-,-anon,was here on Dusiness fromTuesday until Thursday.. Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Baldwin re-. CAMERON.Mr. Chas. Cameron, aged sixtyfour, a former resident of Paris, diedat his home in Lexington, Mo-uday,after an illness of eight months.Mr. Cameron was a broom maker byoccupation, and moved to Lexington several years ago. Besides hiswife he is survived by one daughter,Mrs. Charles Barrett of Lexington.T''uneral services wero held at theturned Monday after a ten-days' visit &rave in the Lexington Cemetery- to relatives at Maysville.Elder Alex Sanders, of Paris,-was the guest of his daughter, Mrs.W. G. Dailey, Wednesday.Mrs. G-. W. Clifford left Thurs-day for the bedside of of her sister,'at Louisville, who is quite ill.Tuesday afternoon at three o'clock,conducted, by Rev. Frank. Cassiday.CAMPBELL.The funeral of Miss TommioCampbell, who died at her home inCarlisle. Mondav afternnrvn nt 13nMrs. G. W. Bramblett returned ! o'clock, after a protracted illness, was- yesterday from the Good Samaritanr Hospital at Lexington, much im"proved. Mrs. Ruth Peed returned yesterday. ufter a month's visit to herdaughter, Miss Dorothy Peed, inBirmingham, Alabama.-Mrs. Charles Corrington, who re-held in Carlisle. Wednesday aftei-noon. The interment followed inthe Carlisle Cemetery.Miss Campbell was a daughter ofthe late Col. Thos. Campbell, one ofthe pioneers of Carlisle. She is survived by her mother, Mrs. ThomasCampbell, of Carlisle, now in hercently accepted a position as teacher ninetieth year, and one sister, Mrs.of the Graded School at Salt Well, Thos. I. Davis, of Winchester. Missreturned home Wednesday, ill. Campbell was a cousin of Mrs. Chas.x . ivictuii a.uu lvira. jreari ueaver. orMr. and Mrs. S. H. Endicottjmoved Wednesday to their farm near ,this city. Mr. J. F. McDaniel andfamily moved yesterday from theproperty of Mrs. Mary J. Whaley tothat of S. H. Endicott. IParis.CROXTON.The funeral of Mr. Charles A.P.rnYfnn PTf civtvjiino fnnrnailTrRev. A. S. Venable has resigned of Bourbon county, who died at 2:30liis charge as pastor of the Presby- Tuesday morning at the St. Josephtenan church to accept the Presi- Hospital, in Lexington, was held indency of Sayre College, at Lexington, this city Wednesday afternoon atAs yet he has not been released by three o'clock. The remains weivjthe Presbytery. Rev. Venable has brought from the hospital to theserved as pastor of the Presbyterian ome of Mn Croxton's sister, Mrsi church here for the past six years. t Harvey Hibler, on Walker avenue,and in that time has endeared him-: Sprvipps wptv on-nAnnta of iQ- self, to theV ljurg.jood people of Millers-m m fcgrave in the Paris Cemetery by Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The nall-bearerxwere, James Buckner, James Mc-"TJRG-E GREATER CARE IN Ulure' Clarence -Kenney, ThomasMAKING SURGICAL BANDAGES. UCKnep . u. nmsn ana Dr. J. T., v ansant. .The Surgical Dressing Committee Mr- Croxton was a native of Bour-of the American Red Cross, is appeal- bon county, but had been residing in' ing to the women especially those 'Clark county for several years. He7 interested in the making of surgical j nal been in failing health for sev-drespings, for greater co-operation i eral years, his death following a pro-in. the task of preparing surgically j tracted illness.. clean dressings. The public in gen- j Mr- Croxton was a son of the lateeral is thoroughly conversant witlT, Mr- and Mrs. Henry Croxton, of this.' . hygienic cleanliness, but the com-! county. -He was a brother of Gen.mittee realizes that no one who hat, j John T. Croxton, of this county, whonot -seen a surgeon prepare himself S was sent to Bolivia, South America,to perform an operation can appro- "by President U. S. Grant, as U. S.4c Jci&te the extreme care that the med-1 Ambassador, and who died thereical profession deems necessary to ' "while holding that position. Sinceprevent possible infection. I leaving Bourbon county, Mr. Crox-The supervisors in charge of the ton had been engaged in farming in. surgical dressing tables, both at Red Clark and Fayette counties."Cross Headquarters and at the dit- He is survived by four sisteiv.,ferent auxilaries, have found great Mrs. Harvey Hibler, of Paris; Mrs.'difficulty in enforcing the regulation Horace M. Taylor, of Carlisle; Mrs.which comes from Washington I Mary Grant, of Pensacola, Fla., and' forbidding anyone to make surgical ' Mrs. Elizabeth Champ, of Seattle,dressings before they -have laid aside Washington.their wraps and furs and withouthaving previously donned a white,M long-sleeved apron (of any design"whatever) and a covering for theTiead. The request is also made thatthe Individual workers should have" their own aprons and head dresseslaundered, in order to decrease theexpense of the Red Cross both inmoney and effort.'.i mTO JCOBIIIZE COLLEGESf FOR TRAINING TROOPS.L- It is-estimated that within the -nextsis: months 75,000 to 100,000 menwill be given intensive militarytraining in schools and colleges.They will be drawn from the armedforces of the Nation, men now intraining camps about to be call-4, and registrants uncer the selec-- tire service law."Wiith a view to mobilizing the ed-ucational institutions of the coun-try for this special training thereM has been created in the War Depart-Xiseafc a "committee on education anl' Special training." It will encouragevad arrange for the technical edu-"-oatkwiof men needed by severalsjnaaches of the Army. -. ,SUGAR SUPPLY AMPLE FOR PRESERVING, SAYS HOOVER.Ample supplies of sugar will beavailable during the coming season,the food administrator announced tomeet the necessary requirements offood manufacturers and for household preserving purposes."All manufacturers of essentialfood products," a food administrationstatement said, are advised that theywill be able to obtain their full necessary requirements. This appliesparticularly to the packers of fruits,condensed milk, and such vegetablesfor the preservation of which sugarmay be necessry, as well as thehousewives for use in preserving.As the car shortage is relieved supplies of sugar will be available forthe necessary preserving purposes.Shipments from Cuba are steadilyincreasing."The Kaiser says the peojle maylook forward to a good peace. TheKaiser'g people will be thinkingany peace is a good peace beforethe war ends.c5Sf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, March 1stLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Jesse L. Lasky PresentsVIVIAN MARTIN"A PETTICOAT PILOT"By Joseph C. Lincoln. A Paramount Picture. WM. S. HARTin Western DramaTHE LAST CARD"Saturday, March 2ndAlbert E. Smith Presents a Big ThreeStar CombinationHARRY MOREYWITHFlorence Deshon and Grace DarmondIN"The Other Man"A story of a derelict surgeon regeneratedby a man's love.Also BIG V RIOT SQUADin "Peanuts and Politics"Big V ComedyMonday, March 4thThe First Big J. Stuart Blackton Releaseon the Paramount Program"The Judgment House"The story of a woman's part in the fateof nations. The picture you havebeen waiting for.Also a New Mack Sennett Comedy"A KITCHEN LADY"FeaturingLO,UISE PACENDAPricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.4The monthly meeting of theParis Epworth Lague was held ladtnight in the parlors of the Methodistchurch, with a large attendance.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at the usual -hourSunday night. The subject will us"Christian Duty and Privilege.Leader, Mr. Foster Mitchell.The Junior Department of theChristian Sunday School is to furnishthe dinner for the Home Sundayweek. Mrs. Funk's class will furnishthe dinner at another time. Mostof these dinners are furnished bydifferent schools all over the State."The C. W. B. M. of the Christian church will hold their Marchmeeting in the church parlors this(Friday) afternoon. The TriangleClub and the Mission Band will joinin rendering the program. All themembers are requested to be present.The regular meeting of theDaughters of Wesley Bible Class ofthe Methodist church was held atthe home of Mrs. C. R. Alexanderon Parrish avenue, yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The membershad a thoroughly enjoyable afternoonincluding a social hour followingthe program.The officers of the BourbonCounty Christian Bible School Association will hold a business meetingat the Bourbon County Young Men sChristian Association building, tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon at1:30 o'clock.Revs. S. J. Guinnjand E. L. Sandford, Lexington evangelists, havobeen in Paris, seeking a location forholding a revival meeting they propose to conduct here if suitable arrangements can be made. They haveconducted successful meetings inLexington and other Bluegrass cities.The Presbyterian church willhold services in the court house,Sunday morning at 10:45 o'clock. jThe theme of the sermon will be,'"Can a Christian Meet Death WithConfidence," Inasmuch as the fuelcrisis has passed, the night servicewill be resumed. The time for meet- jing is 7:15 o'clock, and the subjectsof the sermon will be, "What Am IiWorth?"A beautiful wool bunting service flag has been ordered for theParis Christian church, and will beplaced in position as soon as it arrives. The flag will be six by tenfeet in size. It will contain thirty-1two stars, representing the number jof young men who have gone fromthat church to join the colors insome part of the army or -navy ser-ivice.The Christian Endeavor of thoPresbyterian church will meet Sun-Iday evening at 6:30 in the courthouse. The subject will be, "Chris-1tian Duty and Privilege." Leader,Miss Zuna Stone. Reference, John!14:12-17. The public is cordiallyinvited to attend. Great interest isbeing manifested by the young people in this work, and they should beencouraged by the older members ofthe congregation by their attendance.The contest is over between the En-,deavors of Christian church and the!this church, and the Presbyterians 1are elated over the fact that theywon by a good margin.MATRIMONIAL. '"BRAMBLETT PRATHERMiss Ollie Bramblett, who forseveral years taught in the schoolsat East Union, in Nicholas countyand Mr. Ernest Prather, son of J. J,Prather, of Bourbon county, securedlicense-and were married in Carlisle.Tuesday. The groom is a young farmer of the Little Rock precinct.METER WHICH REGISTERS ...TELEPHONE CALLS.A recently invented terephonemeter, described and illustrated inthe March Popular Mechanics Magazine, is designed to prevent errorsin charging calls and to make theservice more satisfactory to the subscriber in other respects. Bein orcomparatively simple constructionit can be installed in the signal caseof a coin-operated telephone withslight alterations. The device comprises two counters which are tctuated electrically and are locatedjust back of the apertures in thef ont case so that they are visible tothe subscriber. When the device isused with a coin-used telephone itshows the subscriber at all timeshow many calls have been made.m m mAn adjudged text for Garfield andBaker: We have done the thingswe ought not have done, and we haveleft undone the things we ought tohave done, and there is no efficiencyin us.HWW'fflJffHiifliJflMlJW fashionableCorrespondenceYour friends judge you by the style of stationery youm Your letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressed ac-2 cording to fashion's latest dictates.1use.If you like distinctive styles in stationery, be sure tosee our9few Spring StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in shape,texture.Come in and see the line while it is complete,attractive numbers .in our window show only a smallof the extensive line we nbw have in stock.TELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYItint and1The IpartPISend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.bhfeMRS. NANNIE CLAY HOWARD'SSALE, MONDAY. MARCH 4,AT 10:30 A. M.Mrs. Nannie Clay Howard's auction sale of her 118-acre fann will beheld on the premises at the intersection of the Clintonville and Ironworks pikes on Monday morning,March 4, at 10:30 o'clock. ' Remember this is the correct hour of th-ssale.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. James Tolliver, of Montgomery county, sold a yoke of z,'880-pound oxen to Mr. Wm. T.Buckner, of Bourbon county, for$10.50 per hundred pounds.Roscoe Carmichael, of near Paris,purchased of Caywood, Simth & McClintock a pair of grey Percheron!horses for $475.It must be awful to be as excitable as the French are and have alanguage so poorly supplied with cusswords as the French language. Howcould Marse Henry ever speafc hismind of ther Kentucky Legislature inFrench?FINALCLEANl fi w ii$ ik ii iID j It yA i I(Inn ) it fYGy Ik Is" vlrB Hi C' I' If 1u p Mj-5ViGREAT ROOM-MAKING SALEFinal Cut on Balance of Our High GradeMEN'S, WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SWINTER POOTWEARTo Make Room For Spring Footwear Daily ArrivingJust a Few of the Many Extraordinary Bargains That AwaitYou Here:$3.49$3.95$2.49$3.49$2.99Ladies' Assorted Small Size & fn -i qcShoes$4.00 values at. ..l.O.J-l.OTLadies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atLadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots$6. 00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Button$3.00 values atLadies' Black Kid and Grey ClothTop Boots $5.00 values atLadies' Gun Metal Bootsbutton and lace, at.Men's Tan English Shoes$5.00 values atMen's Patent English Nettleton andother makes, $7.00 valuesMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over,small sizes, atMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon15.50 values atMen's Gun Metal Button,$3. 50 values atMen's Gun Metal Lace$2.75 values at$3.49$3.95$3.50$4.00$2.49$1.99Boys1, Misses' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale PricesLot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cDANParis'- Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reijn&4N.jfj, Aii