rf - &? C-NEWSlyjf .aVV T .. -fcfc.rv?-vVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-i fVOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1918THEB0UR80NPARIS BARBER ARRESTED ONDRAFT OBSTRUCTING CHARGE"William. Howard, barber, who has"been in the employ of Cahal Bros.,in this city for some time past, wasplaced under arrest near North Middletown, Wednesday night, on acharge of obstructing the draft service .and brought to this city. Thearrest was made by Mr. LawrenceMitchell and Forrest Day, of NorthMiddletown, who turned their prisoner over to Sheriff McClintock andDeputy Sheriff Marshall. Howardwas placed in the jail and held forthe Federal authorities.Howard had been under suspicionby the authorities for some time, butit was not until Wednesday thatthey were able to secure anythingof a tangible nature in the way ofevidence. Tuesday night Howardtelephoned to Forrest Day, of nearParis, at Mitchell's store, in NorthMiddletown, who is a draftee to becalled some time soon in the service,and represented himself to be a Government man. He stated, it is alleged, to Day that he was on the insideof what was going on, and that hewas in a position to be of considerable service to him. He stated further that he could get him out ofthe drafted list for ?75. Day, suspecting something, pretended to fallin with Howord's scheme, and madean engagement to meet him Wednesday night at his (Day's) home nearNorth Middletown. Mr. Day notifiedMr. Lawrence Mitchell of the conversation and asked him to help himtrap the man.According to their agreementHoward came to North Middletown,and met Mr. Day. Together theyproceeded to the home of the latter.Howard sat near an open window.Mr. "Mitchell was concealed just outside, and overheard the conversationwhich followed. Howard reiterated"his proposal, and added that he had acinch in the matter of getting himand his brother both out of thedrafted service, on the payment of$75 for one and $100 for the other.Day pretended acquiescence in thescheme, and made out a check for$75", which he turned over to Howard. Howard, after cautioning Dayto keep silent about the transaction,left the house, and as he passed the-porch was seized by Mr. Mitchell-and Mr. Day and placed in a machineand brought to Paris, where he wasturned over to the Sheriff. Mr. Day'ssheck was found in Howard's pocket.The Secret Service authorities atLexington were notified of the arrestand instructed the Sheriff to hold theman here pending an investigationof the case.ITSCAL COTJRT PROCEEDINGS.The August term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room yesterday morning. County Judge Geo. Batterton presidedwith the following Justices present:Pretwell, Thomason, Burris, Talbott,Stephenson, Shropshire, Wiggins andTurner.Claims against the county amounting to $1,542.57 were approved andordered paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedfordwas ordered to borrow the sum of$10,000 for the use of the TurnpikeFund, payable January 1, 1919, bearing six per cent, interest from date.until paid.The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the monthof July was received, read and ordered filed.It was. ordered that the sum of$1,250 per mile be, appropriated tobuild .the Wyatt and Reynolds turnpike and the County Road Engineerwas directed to prepare plans andspecifications of same- and to advertise for bids to complete same.The appropriation of $7.00 permonth to John Thomas was ordereddiscontinued.The County Road Engineer wasinstructed to investigate and reportwhether a rock quarry could be acquired for the county on the Escondida pike.Justice Fretwell and County Attorney D. D. Cline were appointed acommittee to have the roof o'f thecourt house repaired.The Court adjourned to September 5th.PaDIDN'T TELL ABOUT "THATEAGLE NEST TRIP."The Rey. E. M. Keelor, of Henderson, writing in the Central Methodist, of the recent Epworth LeagueAssembly, -at Lake Junahiska, NorthCarolina, had the following to sayregarding the Kentucky allegation:"'Among the delegations-from. various States who are here to4 attendthe Southern League Assembly, Kenturky has gone 'over the top,' havingthe largest representation. Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, the live wire presidentof the Kentucky Conference, is here,accompanied by a number of the mostcharming young ladies from theBlue Grass: and the Kentucky table,with us fromient 'veils' and original&. songs and poems, is more tnan conw ..--itributing its share to tne nappyspirit tliat 'pervade -the dinimg roomduring the "meal hours; .BIG VOTE GOOD MEDICINE FORSICK SENATOR JAMESThe big idea with leaders of theDemocratic party in Kentucky is tobring out for Senator Ollie M.James renomination at the primaryelection next Saturday the heaviestvote possible, and to that end allindividual members of-the party arebeing asked, regardless of what maybe or may have been their politicalaffiliations, to lay aside their businessor professional tasks long enough togo to the polls and stamp a ballot forthe stalwart Kentuckian, now ill inBaltimore, who so valiantly stood byPresident Wilson, aiding in the sharping and presentation of those warpolicies which daily seem more certain to produce world peace and thedestruction of Prussianism.During the week dispatches fromBaltimore and letters from Washington brought information to the effect that Senator James was not sowell as he had been and that causedhis friends to send back stimulatingmessages and at the same time to redouble their efforts to bring out avote of endorsement such as they believe will help -him to recover.The presence of the name of former Congressman Preston Kimball, ofLexington, upon the ballot as an opponent of Senator James has ceasedto be a matter of consideration inany section of the State. It is conceded that Senator James would havereceived many thousands more votesthan will be cast for Kimball, evenhad not the Lexingtonian issued therequest to the Democratic voters tostamp their ballots for the man fromMarion.The Kentucky Court of Appealshas on two occasions quite recentlyheld' that under no circumstancesmay a candidate have nomination oroffice unless most votes have beencast for him, so it is contended bythose who argue extremes, Kimballis quite out of consideration.V JAUTOS TOR SALE.New Brisco and Page Automobileand one second-hand " Chevrolet ingood order. Apply at Oakland Garage,corner Fourth and High streets.(2-tf). F.P.WHITE.j te !RlRED CROSS WORK.The work for the Red Cross in thiscity and county is progressing steadily, reports from all the county showing the women at work with a vimto put their quota into the servicefor the good of the boys over theseas. At the Red Cross sewingrooms in this city there is activitymanifested every day, while encouraging reports come from the county.On Wednesday the members ofthe North Middletown Chapter of theRed Cross sent in a consignment ofone hundred and forty pairs of socksthey had knitted during July. Thenumber would have been much largerhad not the supply of yarn becomeexhausted. The women were assisted in their work by two colored women, Martha Bowles and Emily Garrett, who knitted several pairs ofsocks. Reports from other parts ofthe county show that more than fivehundred pairs of socks were knittedby patriotic, women during the monthof July.NEW LODGE OF RAILROAD EMPLOYES ORGANIZED HERE.A new lodge, the Brotherhood ofMaintenance of Way Employes hasbeen instituted in this city. Thelodge is composed of employes of theLouisville & Nashville on all thethe Kentucky Central divisions. Thework of instituting the lodge wasconducted at the K. of P. Hall byOrganizer A. F. Hendley, of Virginia.The new lodge bears the name ofVictory Lodge B. of M. of W. E., andhas fifty-three charter members.The following officers were electedat the meeting: President, FrankLenox; Vice-President, Neal Parker;Past President, Jos. Gaines; Secretary-Treasurer,C. Edward Faries;Journal Agent, W. W. White; Chaplain, Jerry Keller; Conductor,, HenryDickerson; Warden, A. Arthur; Inner Sentinel, Harry Hill; Outer Sentinel, Harvey -Hunter.The next meeting will be held onSaturday night, Aug.v 17, when alarge plass will be initiated.r m. K -CHANGES .'IN L. & N.' LOCALFREIGHT OFFICE.Mr. William Mitchell,- who leftParis Monday for Vancouver Barracks, Washington, to become a member of Uncle Sani's big army, hasbeen succeeded as 'clerk in the localfreieht office of- the Louisville &j -pj-ovnie bv Mr. ' William Smith.. -. - -Mr. Wm. Laif will succeed Mr. LeoKeller, who leaves the office on Aug.9 'to enter the naval service at theGreat Lakes' Naval- Training4 Station.NEW CALL MAY TAKE ALL THE1918 DRAFTEES.That calls for selected registrantsrine tha months of A,n,?wni -during the months of August will exhaust the 1918 draft registration inaddition to men of the old registration that have been reclassified andplaced in Class 1, is the opinion ofofficers of the local draft boards after receiving a communication fromMajor Henry Rhodes, chief of theselective service of this State.Major Rhodes in his communication stated that calls for Augustwould induct approximately tenthousand men into the service "andthat all local boards should speedup the work of reclassification andexaminations that they might haveenough men available to fill theirquotas.Major Rhodes notified the localboard that the selective service reg-aulations have been amended as follows: "Postmasters at first and secondclass postoffices are hereby authorized to file affidavits with local draftboards for the purpose of securingdeferred classification, Class 3, forthe following employes only: Supervisory oflicials in postoffices, postoffice clerks whose services cannotbe dispensed with without materiallylowering the efficiency of the service; drivers of governments wnedautomobiles, mechanics and skilledlaborers whose services are absolutely necessary, clerks and substituteclerks employed at militarybranches."HAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)& fe 15XPARIS COLORED EDUCATOR INSCHARGE OF BUILDING FUND.Fifty-one negro school buildingswill be built in this State if the proposal of the Rosenwald BuildingFund is accepted. Rosenwald proposed to donate to the State $45,000to build negro schools, provided theState or county give an equalamount. '' ' "" ? CProf. F. M. Wood, Principal of theWestern High School, of Paris, is incharge of the building fund and believes that 41 tine-teacher schoolbuildings will be erected. V. O. Gilbert, Superintendent of Public Instruction, had a communication fromthe Rosenwald fund stating that the$45,000 is now available.WE KNOW HWPalm Beach andKool Kloth SuitsFor Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach ClothThe ind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, not :.:the cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out before III)the season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is the :.:best. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00Kool KlothIIA light summer cloth with a-ueacn garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50 to $25.00Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. SilkShirts, $5.00 to $10.00IIIMany fancy andt stylish patterns, solid colors and fancy':-:stripes. -Straw HatsMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton ShoeDr.!JRe& Cushion Sole Shoe T ,iy.i? -!KTWO MOKE DRAFT CALLS TO BEMADE IN AUGUST.L "ns tu lLia "u ralnK;. f ort' Bour county will be calledupon for two more contingents ofdraftees, a total of iwenty-five, to report to the local board for servicethis month. The local board, according to announcement, will be required to furnish five young men togo to Indianapolis, Ind., for specialtraining as automobile chauffeursand mechanics on August 15. Between August 5 and 10, twentyyoung men are to be called into theservice from this county. The localboard has not yet received officialnotice of the call, and it is not yetknown where the men will be sentfor training.The local board is now reclassifying the draftees. Under the new ruling only married men with childrenbetween the ages specified will beexempted. The registrants whosought exemption because of the dependance of a wife only will be reclassified. Features of the "workor fight" law also affect the reclassifiication. 3 Us sNOTICE TO HOLDERS OF LIBERTYLOAN BONDS.The Government is now preparedto exchange United States 4 Liberty Loan Bonds for all 4 Libertybonds, and, as the privilege of making such change expires on November 9th, and the 4's are not thereafter convertible into any subesquentissue, and as the 44 bonds will probably sell about three points higherthan the unconverted 4 bonds, it isimportant that all holders of 4United States Liberty Bonds makethe exchange.If you want your 4 Bonds converted, please bring them to us, ornotify n&, and we will have themconverted for you without anyBOURBON "AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.FARMERS & TRADERS BANK.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCO..(26-3tF) -CHANGE OF MEETING. The Woman's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church ' "will beguests of the Young Peoples' Missionary Society of the church at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.Power, this afternoon at 2 :30o'clock. The meeting had previously been announced to be held atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P.Mann, but was later changed to thehome of Mrs. Power.little more weight than Palm jjj!and Panamas11'tI:V3eK"L:IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.VMr. Harry Jones, son of Mr. andMrs. Geo. K. Jones, of near Paris,has applied for admission to the service as a member of the Officers' Reserve Corps. Mr. Jones is awaitingaction on his application, and hopesto see service. If' selected he willprobably be assigned to Gamp Gordon, in Georgia, where a new branchof the corps recently began training.Mrs. James McClure left Wednesday for Camp Perry, Ohio, for a visitto her son, Lieut. James Winn McClure, of Paris. Lieut McClure isstationed at Camp Perry as an officer in the Eighth U. S. Cavalry.Lieut. McClure was formerly a student at the Annapolis Naval Academy, Maryland, where he attained ahigh average.Dr. J. T. Brown, who is stationedat Camp Greene, near Charlotte, N.I c, as a member of the Medical Corps,writes that he has comfortable quarters and is well fixed in that respect.Dr. Brown has the rank of Captain,and is in charge of a ward in theBase Hospital at Camp Greene. Hestates that his time is fully occupiedwith the work in his charge and thathe has no time for play.Leo Keller, son of Mrs. Edward C.Keller, has volunteered ana" been accepted for service in the navy. Hewill leave on August 9 for the NavalTraining Station at Great Lakes, 111.,where he will be inducted into theservice. Mr. Keller, before his enlistment was employed at the Thirdstreet freight station of the L. & N.,as a (member of the clerical force.Salute First Sergeant Y. H. Harrison, please! The popular Paris man,who is stationed at the practice rangeat West Point, Ky., has recently beencommissioned First Sergeant, and hasseveral B.ourbon county boys underhis command. Sergeant Harrison is"with Batter A., of the 32th FieldArtillery in service at the artilleryrange. He was slightly hurt sometime ago when his horse fell on;him,but is recovering.Several Bourbon county boys haverecently been transferred from theinfantry brance of the service atCamp Zachary Taylor to the artillery service on the practice range atWest Point, near Louisville. Amongthose who have been taken for thisservice are Sergt. Allen Huddleston,Sergt. Ghent Wilson and C. E. Stewart. The latter has been made Canteen Steward at the range. Corp.Merrit J. Slicer, of Paris, who isalso a member of the Feld Artillery.at West Point, is at present in Parison a furlough visit to his parents,Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Slicer, on SouthMain street.Maj. Henry Rhodes, Chief of theSelective Service Department, hasissued a call to local boards for 472men to be sent to Indianapolis, Aug.15, for training as chauffeurs andmechanics. In the call the quotaappointed to Central Kentucky counties is as follows: Bath, 2; Bourbon, 5; Clark, 5; Fayette, 5; Fleming, 6; Franklin, 6; Harrison, 6;Jessamine, 3; Madison, 10; Montgomery, 5; Nicholas,- 4; Owen, 5;Scott, 5; Woodford, 2; City of Lexington, 10. Eight hundred registrants will go to Ft. Thomas onAugust 5, for general military training. Bourbon county's quota in thiscall will be twenty.In a letter from the officers training camp at Wilmington, Delaware,Sergt. Newsum Keller, of Paris,writes his father, Dr. A. H. Keller,of this city, that he is in line forpromotion to a Lieuteantcy in theservice. Sergt. Keller writes in part,as follows under date of July 29:"They are keeping me so busy herejust now that I hardly get time toeat, much less write, and for the nextmonth to cope it is going to be somehard driving for me. I am going tostart in to-night burining the midnight oil . . . .You will be surprised,I know, when I inform you that our.Captain has recommended me for acommission. He called me to hisquarters yesterday, and I had a longtalk with him. He said that sinceI had been with his company he hadkept a pretty close watch on- me andthat I had certainly been faithful andefficient in the performance of myduties. , (Now, dad, you know i amnaturally modest and I -am writingtftis in a modest way.) He said thatwhen he saw a man who was tryingto do the right thing he was goingto try to help him. . ..Several daysago he received a letter from Washington asking if there' was any noncoms in his company whom hethought would be-available for commission as-Lieuteants. . .It is goingto require lots, of hard. work, andstudy, in the next thirty days, but I Jam- going after this position, ana uI fall.-down 4t win not be because Idid not try. As I understand it, Twill leave here about August 25th, Ithink, for Governor's Island, in'tbEastern Department for examination. I hope the next time you seeme I will be wearing the bars on myshoulder straps. My present addressis Co. D., 12th Battalion, Pigeom.Point, Wilmington, Delaware."Mr. Edwin A. Woods left FortThomas, Wednesday night, for Hattiesburg, Miss., and will be stationed in the Quartermanster's Department for special service at that place.Mrs. Woods was the guest of Mr.Woods, Sunday, at Fort Thomas.- 'Mr. Ernest Kiser, of near Paris,has been promoted to the position ofChief Mechanic of Co. A., 326th Artillery, at the practice grounds atWest Point, Ky. He will receive thepay of a Sergeant.Lieut. Martin Doyle, formerly ofParis; who is now stationed on theUnited States Coast Guard ship thePenrose, at Pensacola, Fla., has beenpromoted from Second Lieutenant toFirst Lieutenant, which is equivalentto a Captaincy during the war. Hehas served eleven years in the navy,and is preparing for a trip overseas.Lieut. Doyle is a son of the late Mr.John Doyle, of Paris, and a brotherof Mr. George Doyle and Miss Winnifred Doyle, both of this city.Dr. David Barrow, who is in Franceat the" head of the Base HospitalUnit he organized last summer, hasbeen promoted from Major to therank of Lieutenant-Colonel. The promotion was announced in a recentissue of the Army and Navy Journal. In order to give Dr. Barrow supreme command of the Unit it wasnecessary to raise him to the rank ofLieutenant-Colonel. There have been'very few cases where a reserve physician has received such a commission. .Ireland "Bit' Davis, who left herMonday afternoon with five otherBourbon boys for Vancouver Barracks, in Washington, writes THENEWS a postcard, message from Clinton, Iowa, as follows: .-"Abouttwelve cars of we 'misfits' left Chicago this a. m. (July 31.) Sopietroop train and really good, meals weare.' getting. S. FS. G(S; far 'sogood.) Tell Pearce Paton. we stillhave the Holladay's candy, and. thatCapt. Mitchell is some chauffeur.Regards to all from" the six jollymisfits."Mrs. Mollie James, of this city,has received a letter from her son,Mr. Cornelius (Buddy) James, stating that he is to be transferred to aFrench war vessel for active dutysoon. Young James was a memberof the gun crew of the U. S. transtransport, the Covington, which wasrecently sunk by a German submarine. He wro.teto his mother afew days ago from France, statingthat he was there with no Immediateprospect of being placed on.( activeduty, but the new assignment camelater on to relieve him.Rene Clark and Robert Burnett,both of Paris, have enlisted in th&naval service as apprentice seamen,and will leave next Monday for theGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,where they will go into active training. Both were accepted at the Cincinnati Naval Recruiting Station lastweek, and ordered to report at GreatLakes, 111., on 'August 5. They areexcellent young men of fine character, such as Uncle Sam makes goodsailors out of, and eventually, capable officers. Here's wishing you both.good luck.Mr. Hiram Roseberry, of Paris,who is stationed at Camp Zachary.Taylor as a member of the Bourboncounty contingent in the service, hasreturned to his army duties there, after a visit to his father, Mr. John;Roseberry, and his sister. Miss Caro- ,.lyn Roseberry, near Paris. Like theother patriotic Paris and Bourboncounty boys, now that they are InUncle Sam's service, Mr. Roseberrywants to get over yonder and do hisbit with a gun and a bayonet inteaching the Huns the science ofwarfare.Mr. Jame3 W. Thompson, Jr, of ,near Paris, has filed an application rfor enlistment in the Marine Corps -ofthe naval service. Mr. Thompeon.enlisted as a mechanic in the aviation division. Mr. Thomason will -leavenext Tuesday with Nelsoa ,Brooks, of Lexington for Philadel- .phia, .where they will receive thejr .training. Mr. Thopmson's affiica- -tionhadbeen jield up awaitim ac- -tion.pnwavers asked because of h'is rheight. Mr.. Thompson is a fine specimen of manhood, being six feet ;high an'd weighing in proportion.- .,He-will mske an ideal member of tke tmarines, He is a son of Mr. via Mrs.James H. Thompson, ofj ear,- XkUt ,-,-city.Mr. 'Thqmpsoa atteadea fcotk -TaleUniversity and tke Uaiversityof Vir iiia'tef ore takitt w 1 amimvia y-!',' 'sc ' "' &-y" .IITWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JLUGUST 2, If IIIHE BOURBON NEWSIftalslished 188136 Tears of Co-tinuous-PuhlicatioB.Published Every Tuesday and FridayJPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing, or reputation oty person, firm or corporation which.mj -appear in the columns ot THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly -corrected,if brought to attention of theiltor.ADVERTISING RATES"Display Advertisements, $1:00 perfech ifiv first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linedi if sue; reading notices in blackSype, JO-cents per line, each issue.CaraVof thanks, calls on candi'ate, abjltuaries and resolutions, and4ku&&r jan&tter, 10 cents per line.Special rates , ipr large advertise-Muts.and yearly contracts.TJb.e Jgh't of publisher Is reservedt$o cnne any advertisement or other'Matter for publication.Announcements for political officesstst invariably be accompanied by,Sfce cash.'. TfTiic rva nfr Vise r1isii4teSththe government in the'.cause ot America tor xne?eriod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.M. "VfWe Are Busy Lot Now."Wfe are a very busy lot of peoplein Paris just now. Men, women and".ch&aren are all engaged in seeingv.iat they can do for the soldiers atahe 'front. The gallant way in whichour American hoys, and their allies,r areghting, makes our hearts swell' with ride, and more are going overvsvgry day to see that the victory ismade possible and to bring itcloser. i i (-.-, 'iw'h i '"How glorious it will be in the his"tory of the world to have it said that"the gallant Americans, and amongthem thousands of Kentuckians, andxmdreds of Bourbon county boys,3iave helped to save Belgium, France,England, ourselves and a great dealof ithe rest of the world frcpn beingmurdered!C -Jiist as we are able to get cheeringnews from the front and the cards- sayiagthat our boys going over thereIiave escaped the U-boats and had arrived "saTely in some French port, noone "thinks 'of or cares very much forsocial' SEairs, though, if a thought" ful woman -gives a tea, luncheon,, party or dinner, and wishes to show-what delicious things she has learn-e4 to make at the war kitchen orffrom trying out recrpes found inT papers aid bulletins, we rise to thec occasion don Tur 'bravest apparel,t aarfNwfiie-and enjoy them with evenoldrtnne'zestaud fervor.SQsq women are wondering to themselves what they are going to put onibe registration cards which they,,re soon to be asked to sign by theiWbmaxTs Committee of the Council6fTfatonal Defense ana" fill in the'sarfcof -work. in ivhich they are most"pr6flclehtr -So many women do things-"well without considering themselvesexpert in any that it will be a littledifficult to decide which to put onrecord. ''Quite a list of capabilities-7ill -ibe "allowed on the cards, however, so that the records are sure to"be the most interesting and valuable in making statistics of the coun'Tfcry's power, and all should feci morehajt proud to be on such a roll.Some one has suggested that wesnake more of a demonstration when"we -hear of an advance or a successful drive at the front, that we shouldTing the church bells, wave flags,- play a song of victory, or to tell it byAcclaim. And 'in so doing we will belionoring the Bourbon county boyswho will be sure to be somewhere on'the front, somewhere in the thick oflighting, somewhere, hut at all times-attesting "their courage and prowess-on'riife battlefield, as their ancestorsaidVefore' them." Appearancei Against Him' JL few nights ago a: group of Paris""feusiaesa met-sat In the-office of one'Ot'tWeir number, after :the whole"tarty-hkd -spent part of an agreeableeveiing at the Grand "Opera House.The Jflfffo' play depicted, in one of thescenes, the destruction of an entiretow by fire. The scene brought upa discussion of big fires in this andirrounding cities. "One of the party-"told this one:"'Kaay years ago when Paris wasla. its heydey and was' by far a muchUhretier town than at isnow, one.foftregular visitants wasHheiyojas Comedy Cmnfevhich many Jfe ourpeople willno dSubt yetremember.The company was playing at the oldOdd Fellows' Hall, in the room atpresent occupied by the CumberlandTelephone Co. There was a secene inthe second act where the 'villageclock' strikes the hour of midnight.The 'clock, a big farm bell, borrowedfrom Robert J. Neely, was in chargeof 'Shiner Hite, Sr., who was thenstage manager, bill poster, etc."When the 'clock' was first broughtinto play 'Shiner' put a trifle moreenergy into his work than was reallynecessary, and the old farm bellgave out a sound very similar to thatof the big tower bell on the roof ofthe old Paris fire department. Atthe first stroke a young Paris societyman sitting next to me jumped hurriedly to his feet. He turned to hisfair companion and exclaimed,'There's the fire bell! I'll go and seewhere the fire is!" The lady, whosehearing was not so very acute, madeway for him in silence, and he disappeared just as 'Shiner's' strongright arm beat out the lastthundering stroke on the 'old villageclock.' Presently the young fellowreturned. As he passed me there wasa suspicious odor of cloves in hiswake. As he resumed his seat hesaid, 'It wasn't fire.' 'Nor water, orlemonade, I judge,' replied the youngwoman, coldly, 'for, from indicationsit must have been ice toddy!' "Enforce All of the Laws.Many laws are not enforced because there are officers, or others,who do not believe some, of the lawswe have are good laws. But, regardless of whether or not our laws aregood, they should be enforced. Itis not for the officers, or the citizens,to decide on questions like these. Wehave the laws, and good or bad, theyshould be enforced.There are many laws which everybody recognizes as good that arenot enforced, and these are the onesthat the officers should have notrouble in having enforced. There isone city law that should be enforced and that is the one requiring drivers of automobiles to make the properturns at intersections of streets.Many accidents may be prevented ifthis law is enforced. There are,doubtless, others that need attention, but we mention this one for theBenefit of drivers of vehicles whodrive all over the streets without regard-for where they are going.The other day a herd of cattle wasdriven through the Main street, andif this is not against the city's lawsit should be, as it is dangerous tohave live stock running loose on ourprincipal streets. We say thesethings not in a way of criticism, butsimply making some suggestions thatmay prove to be for the good 'of thetown.The Miserable Slackers.It is said that about 100 desertersfrom the United States army are eking out a miserable existence at theMormon settlers in Northern Mexico. Despised by their Mexican neighbors and haunted by the consciousness of their guilt, they are pitifulobjects. In the Arkansas hills andwoods are other such men without acountry, being hunted down, sometimes giving up their lives ignoblyinstead of saving their souls by doingtheir part in the defense of home andcountry.What a choice! In the hope ofpresent safety these slackers havetaken a course that proves them willing to give up the country that is defending them to the enemy invaderto work his will in wholesale slaughter, in the ruin of cities, in the torture and death of women and children and in the slavery of the survivors, including themselves.The guilt of the man who desertshis country in her time of need is theworst possible guilt. Tacitly, he isan aid to the enemy and a traitor tothe mother who bore him. Unless altogether brutalized and degraded,there is no rest for him walking ordreaming this side of the grave. Hisonly hope of relief is in giving himself up to take such punishment asthe law may inflict.The Supreme Sacrifice.Yesterday I said "Our flag,"And proudly set it highOver the top of my doorwayAs the khaki lines went by;But to-day, to-day it Is "My flag,"Last night there was' news to tell.And bone of my bone and flesh ,of myfleshWent down in that Hun-madehell.I said, "Our land". and "Our flag,"As the long lines marched away;Flag and land and dear ladsThey are all "mine" to-day,For somewhere, out on a Picardyplain,With only Tils God to see,Drop byjdrop asffiis life went out,They were "boughTby my. boy for pie.MoMli-Sradin Paris.The way the Lexington and Far-tte county authoritiaa are ruiBii'flnwn antnmobiles thatTdoclnot .conform entirely totheir irc claa rulesrtand handing their 'owmtsJiim of?50 and more is noi neiping.tnat section so as you would notice it. Thosewho travel in autos will shun theblue grass city, for the going towhich there appears no very good reason anyway Interior Journal.Large numbers of people all overCentral Kentucky come to Paris to dotheir shopping, and if the above istrue there is no reason why everyone who wants to go to a first-classtown" to trade should not come here.We have "rules and regulations"here, of course, but we, guarantee totreat you people right.Paris Historical Pleasures.It's the same old creek,And the same old boat,And the same old rod,And the same old float,And the same old line,And the same old hook, ,And the same old pullTo 'the same old nook.It's the same old baitFrom the same old can,It's the same old hatOn the same old man.It's the same old yank,And the same old run,It's the same old gape,And the same old fun.But one thing we lack,That we gladly used to "pack"That's the old "liquid bait"Which helped to set the gait.fta El ?sNEWSPAPERS MUST CONSERVEON PRINT PAPER.Because of an acute shortage in thesupply of paper the War IndustriesBoard announced, effective July 15,the following preliminary economicsto be enforced by newspapers publishing a daily and weekly edition:Discontinue the acceptance of thereturn of unsold copies.Discontinue the use of all samplesor free promotion copies.Discontinue giving copies to anybody, except for office-working copiesor where required by statute law inthe case of official advertising.Discontinue giving free copies toadvertisers, except not more than onecopy each for checking purposes.Discontinue the arbitrary forcingof copies on news dealers (i. e., compelling them to buy more copies thanthey can legitimately sell in orderto hold certain territory.)Discontinue the buying back of papers at either wholesale or retailselling price from dealers or agentsin order to secure preferential representation. Discontinue the payment of salaries or commissions to agents, dealers,or newsboys for the purpose of securing the equivalent return privileges.Discontinue all free exchanges.The Gift of God.Sleep Is the gift of God. We thinkwe lay our heads upon our pillows and Jcompose our bodies In a peaceful pos-ture, and that therefore we naturallyand necessarily fall asleep. But it isnot so. Sleep is the gift of God anduut u mttu wuum ciuoeauo vjres um ""-1God put his fingers on his eyelids ; didnot the Almighty send a soft andbalmy influence over his frame whichlulled his thoughts into quiescence,making him enter into that blissfulstate of rest which we call sleep.Charles H. Spurgeon.Forefathers Had No Luxuries.People who complain because theycannot get some of .the little luxuriesthey used to enjoy before; the warmight do well to remember that theirforefathers lived without sugar till thefourteenth century, without coal tillthe fourteenth, without butter on theiroreaa tin tne fifteenth, without to-!bacco and potatoes till the sixteenth,without tea, coffee and soap till theseventeenth, without umbrellas andlamps till the eighteenth, and withouttrains, telegrams, telephones, gas andmachines till the nineteenth.a 1E3 VtMake Our Own Beauty.Men and women make their ownbeauty or ugliness. Bulwer speaks inone of his novels of a man "who wasuglier than he had any business tobe," and, if we could but read it, every human being carries his life in hiaface, and is good looking, or the reverse, as that life has been good orevil. On our features the fine chisels of thought and emotion are eternally at work. Alexander Smith.Substitute for Platinum.A gold palladium alloy which makesan acceptable substitute for the moreexpensive platinum iridium alloy usedin chemists' utensils fiatf.beeo developed by metallurgists in California.m ta iDally Optimistic ThoughtRiches without charity are nothingout charity without riches is evidencf:f true worth.If Hindenburg isn't tdead there'snothing but a name left to conjureJwith. Ludendorff is carrying theload. - i . ' J-r' m'--i ic li 'JiYOUnCFUlTJEEROESj f CnfCIINA1CINCINNATI, uO. Aug. l.Witha revolver in each hand a youthfulappearing bandit shortly after 1o'clock Saturday afternoon held upand robbed the Reading Bank, Benson and Jefferson avenues, Reading,Ohio, of $7,000 in currency."Get into that vault quickly andhand over the ,cash. I mean business!" the bandit said in a mildvoice to Cashier E. J. Fagley, whosoon appeared with the money in $5,$10 and $20 bills. These he placed ina bag at the command of the robber.The bandit then slowly backed outof the main entrance of the bank andentered t a waiting automobile alongside a youthful chauffeur. As theautomobile began to move CashierFagley darted from the bank and firedat the car, two shots passing throughthe tonneau.Half an hour later Stanley Grueninger, 15 years old, 3P0 Sheppardavenue, Lockland, Ohio, pulled up infront of the Reading Bank in hismachine and announced he had hauledthe bandit to the end of the BondHill car line because the robber'sweapon was held against him. Theboy chauffeur is employed at a Lockland garage. He described the robber as being approximately 23 yearsold, 5 feet 6 inches tall, weighing 160pounds. He wore a light gray suit,checked cap, was of light complexion, had light hair and several days'growth of beard.Similar robberies of recent years,were as follows:Bandit Frank Hohl, a national character, obtained approximately$14,000 from West End banks indaylight hold-ups. He shot and killed,Patrolman Edward Knaul, and himself was killed by Patrolman Chase.Youths named Marcus and Patterson attempted a daytime robbery inan uptown bank. They took approximately $300, but Marcus was shot todeath by the cashier and his confederate in a celler.Edwin von Walden, styled by policeas "the gentleman robber," a fewmonths ago held up the First NationalBank of Madisonville, making a haulof more than $8,000. Through information furnished by Private Operatives Cal Crim and Paul Ryan, vonWalden was apprehended in NewYork City.Patrick Kearney, James Lawler and"Zeke" Moran, local characters, heldup a Covington (Ky.) building andloan association , obtaining approximately $1,100. They Wiled two Directors, wounded Police ChiefKluemper, who in turn shot to deathMoran. Later Kearney and Lawlerwere captured, tried in Covingtonfor murder and sentenced to be electrocuted last June. They have beenconfined in the Eddyville (Ky.) Penitentiary waiting for the AppellateCourt to consider their cases. Twogambling houses in Newport, Ky.,were held up and relieved of severalthousand dollars by men.Reading dipe nevels of the JesseJames variety and of the exploits ofEdwin von Walden, Cincinnati, youthful bank bandit now confined in theState Asylum fdr the Crimnal Insane at Lima, Ohio, led WilliamNordmeyer, 17 years old, 1723 Holman street, Covington, Ky., butcher,to rob the Reading Bank, Reading,Ohio, Saturday, of approximately$7,000, he fold Cincinnati and Covington police Sunday afternoon, after his arrest on a charge of bankrobbery.The arrest of Nordmeyer was madeSunday afternoon at 4 o'clock byCovington officials, following the discovery of $6,870 in the basement ofthe home of his sweetheart, MissJulia Foley, East Third Street, justeast of Greenup Street, Covington,where it had been concealed byNordmeyer without the knowledge ofany memoer oi tne roiey iamiiy.The money was under an old box mj 'ney stffl was in its originalpackages of $250 and $500 denominations, and m the school bag whichNordmeyer threw down in front ofthe cashier of the Reading Bank Saturday afternoon, with the demandthat it was "filled with the money."It was wrapped in several old newspapers, and except for the box overthe package no further effort at concealment had been made.The recovery of the money and thearrest of the youthful bandit was theresult of the, discovery of the'jnoneyKy a sister of Miss Foley, and the action of Miss Foley's mother innotifying Captain Sam J. Martin,Covington Police Department.That official ascertained upon hisarrival at the Foley home Nordmeyerhad called Saturday afternoon whilethe family was absent and that hewas seen by neighbors to descend into the basement by means of an outside cellar stairway.Immediately Captain Martin returned to headquarters and turnedover to Chief of Police Kluemper thebank robber's loot, and with Detectives Sanford, Drees, Higgins andRefan went to the vicinity ofNordmeyer's home. There they dis-When the young man was questioned Monday morning by DetectiveChief Love, Nordmeyer said that ifhe was given a chance he would jointhe navy or the army. He said thathe regretted his foolish act and declared that after he was out of histrouble he would never again do anything wrong. The youth was sent tothe Juvenile court. The money alsowill be placed in the custody of thatcourt.patched a messenger to Nordmeyerand decoyed him to the saloon ofHarry Niemann, Sixteenth and Holman Streets, where, at the points ofrevolvers, they placed him under arrest. Nordmeyer made no attempt at resistance and took his, arrest coolly.He admitted, at once he knew whyhe was being arrested, and declaredhe was glad to have a chance to"get it off Jiis chest."Detailing his get away he said after leaving the auto he walked acrossthe public golf links at iPaddackroad, near Tennessee avenue. Hisschoolbag containing his loot was under his arm. He said he met a number of caddies and told them he wasgoing swimming. He proceeded onhis way to Sherman and McNeil avenues, inJNorwooji, jhere he boarded. aNorwood car, came .downtown andboarded a Ludlow car-f or Covington'$ jyrmm jmx:7 i$8EMond'diirtnfe" continuedNordnwjMrandWalkai over Secondto lrenup,,theiiee toThird Streetana inenpmoi jmss Jb'oley. I knocked jat-itne door, but ' received noanswer. A neighbor boy said thefamily was not at home. I wantedsome place to hide the money, so Iwent down into the cellar, afterwrapping some paper around the bagI hid it under a box I found there."EROM COAST TO COASTA Remarkable Chain: of Home TestimonyAnd Paris Adds' Its Voiceto the Grand Chorus of LocalPraise.From north to south, from east towestIn every city, every community;In every State in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And it's all for the benefit of fellow, sufferers.In this grand chorus of localpraise Paris is well representated.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experiences.Who con sak for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. .Dudlev. 1729 nvnrpcej Street, Paris, says: "Some years ago.I found it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of the complaint.I have good reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakor lame back or irregular passagesof the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)S3 fe S3ELEVATOR CRUSHES UPE OUT OFCYNTHIANA BOY.CYNTHIANA, KY., Aug. 1.The twelve-year-old "son of Mr. andMrs. Ed. Fitzwater, East PleasantStreet, was killed Saturday afternoon,while playing on an elevator in thewarehouse of Clarence LeBus, on therailroad between Pike and (PleasantStreets. NWorkmen saw the boy running theelevator up to the third floor, andwarned him to be careful. Laterthey missed him and found the elevator stopped some distance up theshaft. On investigating they foundthat the boy had leaned from thecar so that an iron beam had struckhis neck and stopped the elevator,holding him there. The boy's neckwas broken. Ed. Fitzwater, fatheroi tne ooy is an employe of Mr. LeBus. He was working Saturday onhis farm near Leesburg.THE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened withChamberlain's Liniment and boundon over the seat of pain is often moreeffectual for a lame back than a plaster and does not cost anything likeas much.(adv-aug)Don't NeglectYour Eyes."Oh, mother, I see lights in thesky." And this child, after visitingan optometrist, saw the stars for thefirst time. His mother, though astrong woman, broke down and weptto think she had neglected the childso long. Father, mother, are yougoing to allow your child to be thusneglected, when an examination oftheir eyes will reveal his or her truecondition? Over 50 per cent, ofchildren have defective vision insome way. Better bring your childto us for a thorough, scientific examination. Will not advise glassesunless absolutely necessary.Open Saturday evenings until 9o'clock.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Before the Auto WreckAETNAIZEAutomobile Combination Policythe assured againstFireTheftTornadoPublic Liabilityand CollisionSomething new ,Omnibus,,endrsement is placed on all priTate pleasure automobile policies.Tke Aetna Automobile Insurance CompanyHartford, Conn.A. J. FEE, Agt.feth Ptoms 247(jlyl9-4tF)For RentModern cottage of six rooaa;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.oumDenana rnone 142.(28-tf)For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.For Immediate SaleMy three frame cottages locatedon Pleasant street, between Eleyenthand Twelfth streets. These housescontain four roojms, hall, pantry,front and back porches, gas and electric lights. City water at door.Good cistern with each house.MRS. E. C. KELLER,(26-5t) 1102 Main Street.Women AttendantsWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Public Sale-OF-Furniture, Carpets, Etc.The Paris Business Men's Club,having been discontinued, they willoffer at public sale onSaturday, Aug. 3, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, corner ofFifth and Main streets, the following: 1 good roll-top office desk andchair;2 leather rockers;1 library table;2 rugs;Several pictures;1 leather couch;2 book racks;3 electric fans;1 round table;1 handsome Mahogany sideboard;1 old-fashioned safe and dishes;2 dozen chairs;54 lockers in two sections strongand well built, locks on same;3 gas stoves;Shower connection for bath, hood,spray, etc.;Awnings, screens and windowshades.Lots of other things too numerousto mention.The proceeds from the sale of theabove mentioned goods will be donated to the local Chapter of theRed Cross and the Massie MemorialHospital.GEO. DOYLE,Secretary Paris Business Men's Club,(td)Public SaleNELSON COUNTY PARM ANDTOWN HOME.The farm and town home of thelate John R. Downs, of Bloomfield,Ky., will he sold at Public Auctionat the north door of the Court Housein Bardstown, Ky., at one o'clockp. m.,MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1918,The town home is in Bloomfieldand attached to it is about 20 anresof meadow with pool watered pasture.Almost the entire place is now inBlue Grass. The residence, which isone of the handsomest and mostcomfortable in town, has lately beenremoaeieu and modernized by the addition of a large screened porch withtile floor, bath, toilet, kitchen sink,with cold and hot runnins: water andelectric lights throughout. There isa very large barn, chicken house,wash house, buggy shed, meat houseana rn.UK. cellar.This Is An IdcaLIojvn Home Eor aSmall Dairy Earm.' .The farm is about 3 miles fromBloomfield on a good pike and contains about 320 acres of the bestland in the county. It has long beenknown for its well kept conditionand for its large crops. It has a. finesupply of stock water furnished bytwo large ponds and. two branches.There is considerable good timberand plenty of fire wood. Tobaccocan be raised practically anywhereon the farm. There is a large andcomfortable brick house, a goodbarn and other out-buildings, all ingood repair.The farm and town home will beoffered separately.C.J. WILLS,Administrator of Johm j RDowns,Deceased. jh&Lir2-2tir ;T?VVA"I alighted from the Ludlow car at 'wstkFRIDAY, AUGUST ij "1S1th BaM jRipirf ams, kt, , , -rarsFT1SHUSBANDSAVES WIFEFrom Suffering by Getting"Her Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Pittsburgh, Pa." For many monthsI was not able to do my work owing toa weakness whichcaused backacheand headaches. Afriend called myattention to one ofyour newspaperadvertisements andimmediately myhusband boughtthree bottles ofLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound for me.After taking twobottles I felt finand my troubles caused by that weakness are a thing of the past All womenwho suffer as I did should try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."Mrs. Jas. Rohrberg. 620 Knaoo St..N. S., Pittsburgh, Pa.Women who suffer from any form ofweakness, as indicated by displacements,inflammation, ulceration, irregularities,backache, headaches, nervousness or"the blues," should accept Mrs. Rohrberg's suggestion and give Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound athorough trial.For over forty years it has beencorrecting such ailments. If you havemysterious complications write foradvice to Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass.ffeP.: ..: ."THE AMEBICAITS CBEED""I believe in the United StatesofAmerica as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a re-public; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a per-feet union, one and inseparable;established upon those princi-pies of freedojm, equality, jus-tice and humanity for whichAmerican, patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto jmy country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it against allenemies."MONEY FURNISHES THE PUNCH.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Conlmgs and Goings of OurPeople HereTTfiere andElsewhere.LEXINGTON BOY KILLED BY DISCENDING ELEVATOR.LEXINGTON, KY., Aug. 1.John Edwin Richardson, 18 yearsold, employed in the bottling department of the Phoenix hotel, was instantly killed when struck by a descending passenger elevator about 3o'clock Saturday afternoon.At the time the accident occurredyoung Richardson was helping anelectrician, Frank Sweeney, oil theeastern elevator. The car had beenstopped at the third floor and the menwere at work on top of the cage.Sweeney was working with his backturned to Richardson and did not seethe accident. From the position ofthe body and owing to the fact thatthe western car, the one which struckhim, had to be elevated several feetin order to release his arm, it is believed by those acquainted with thecircumstance that Richardson wasleaning upon one of the steel girderswhich traverse the shaft between thepassageway of the east and west elevators, and his attention being centered on something below failed to notethe approaching car.Katie Phelps, one of the negrogirls employed as operators on thethe elevators at the hotel, was incharge of the car which struck theyoung man. Feeling the shock ofthe blow she stopped the car at once.Sweeney discovered the accident atthe same moment and summoned assistance. The body was removed andtaken to an undertaking establishment. Young Richardson lived at 362South Mill Street, is survived by hismother, Mrs. Elizabeth Richardson,and a younger brother, George Richardson. His father has been dead forsome time and he supported hismother and brother.The management of the hotel andhis associates at work spoke of himin the highest terms. He had beenin the employment of the companyfor about a year and a half.S 1S 1SBCURE FOR DYSENTERY."While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William Whitelaw,of Des Moines. Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointof death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of hischild. He stated that he had alsoused this remedy himself with equally gratifying results."(adv-aug)"After all, money forms the sinewsof war," declared General Foch several months ago in discussing thesituation and outlook along theFlanders front when things lookeddarkest. His army was fighting toothand nail then, hitting hard and stepping back, parrying a thrust anddarting in to deliver a counterpunch, and all the while takingheavy toll of the Germans. But hewas looking ahead even then.He knew, as well as other greatgenerals that preceded him, that after all is said and done, money, whichin this sense means the supplies thatmoney can be made to furnish givesan army its punch. That money is absolutely, imperatively necessary towin any big, long-drawn-out war.Without money the things moneywill buy any army will go to piecessooner or later. It has been exemplified over and over again. .An army may be ever so welltrained; its morale at the outset maybe ever so good; it may have the advantage of position and weapons ofwarfare, but unless it is kept supplied with all that is necessary forthe waging of war, the actual fighting even to the hand-to-hand struggle, it will weaken sooner or later.It must have arms, ammunition, foodand clothing sufficient to make it effective, and have them all the time.No army fights well on an emptystomach if the fight is much prolonged. No army can withstandcontinued attack if it lacks ammunition. No army can stand wintertrench service inadequately clothedIt may meet with reverses and yetirnmp. back and fischt valiantly. TheItalians did this. The French did it.The English did it. Frequently atpmnnrarv reverse sours to greatereffort, greater gallantry, greater execution. But this doesn't apply to an armythat has lost its punch. Witness theRussians.America's forces have gone abroadfull of vim, vigor and fighting spirit.They have held up their end valiantly. They are making good to theconsternation of Germany and theadmiration of their allies. They willuphold American tradition if we athome maintain our end of the problem. And that is to furnish the moneynm-no.ri-v tn smmlv their needs. Tomaintain the army punch.It's up to us individually and collectively. It's our duty to prepareto do our part to the last man. It'sup to us to get ready for the nextLiberty Loan.3 TS isLITTLF CAST ASIDECATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDMICKIE SAYSEorcoas s suce for.jwtVCUSSES! k eUV KN CME AN'8EATT 'EM OUfEN ELEVENNEACS SUBSCRIPTION ftNiHEN THE EOlfOR'LL SETDOWN AN' WRITE HA.LP PCOLUMN k&OOT VNJHAT A, FINEFELLER THE DECEASED VJUZAN1 HOW EVERNBODV VWU-X.MUSS HIMmsk JfA' 1 JPiv mrAH it i f i i v iWhH I IBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hear-i wm ii ripst roved forever, iuanycases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars tree, ahDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)r )EI ISThnuahts Miahtier Than Armies.Ideas go booming through the worldlouder than cannon. Thoughts aremightier than armies. Principles haveachieved more victories than horsemen or chariots. Rev. Dr. W. M. Pax-ton.Mrs. Wm. A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, is aguest of Miss Dorcas Ussery.Mr. Duncan Bell, of Ford & Co.,is in New York City on a businesspission.Mrs. E. M. wheeler and daugnter, are guests of Mrs. Darius Young,in Somerset.Mrs. Homer Shy has returned toher home in this city after a visit torelatives in Cynthiana.Robert Lavin and A. Duncan,both of Corbin, were recent guestsof friends in this city.Mrs. Rosa Payne has returnedto Sayre Colege, in Lexington, aftera visit to friends in Paris.Miss Elizabeth Toohey has asguest at her home near this cityMiss Ellen Sullivan, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howardhave returned from a visit lo Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Howard, in Richmond.Miss Clara Boswell, guest ofMrs. Bush Bishop, in this city, hasreturned to her home in Georgetown.Mrs. Brutus Clay, of Atlanta,Ga., is a guest at the home of Col.and Mrs. E. F. Clay, near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Greeneand family spent several days in Cincinnati this week, returning yesterday. Mr. Lauthman Woods is a guestof his brother, Mr. Edward Woods,at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville. Mrs. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, isa guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. FrankClay, and other relatives and friendsin this city.Mrs. Jimmie Whaley and family have returned from a visit tofriends and relatives in Covingtonand Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. William Sweeneyand little daughter, Hie Sweeney,have returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Dayton, (Jhio.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis has returned from aii extended visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Arthur Boardman,and Mr. Boardman, in Chicago.Miss" Margaret Griffith has concluded a visit to' friends and relatives in Harrison county, and has returned to her home in this city.Miss Annabelle Race, of Butler,Ky., has returned to her home aftera very pleasant visit to Miss MaryFrances Campbell, on High street.Mr. Harry 0. James, Mr. J. Miller Ward and son, Mr. J. MillerWard, Jr., have returned from a stayof several days at Olympian Springs.Misses Sara and Helen Dedonanhave returned to their home in Cynthiana after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft and family, in tipscity. ' ?rMr. and Mrs. Keith Snyder andlittle daughter, Miss Nancy Keith,of Louisville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Wm. O. Hinton, at their homeon High street.Miss Mary Grannan, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her brother, Mr.William Grannan, and her sister,Miss Elizabeth Grannan, on Mainstreet, in this city.Dr. and Mrs.. Frank L. Lapsley,former residents of Paris, now residing -near Shelbyville, are guestsof Mrs. Nannie D. McClintock, ofPinecrest avenue, in Paris.Mr. Walter S. Meng, of nearParis, left Tuesday for a business tripto Pinecrest Farm, near Charleston,Miss. Mr. Rutter Woods, formerlyof near Paris, is manager of thefarm.Miss Lucy Colville was called toCape Girardau, Mo., Wednesday, onaccount of the Illness of her halfbrother, Mr. Sam Neely, formerly ofParis. Mr. Neely is very ill of typhoid fever.Miss Willie Stewart, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JamesDay, Jr., near Paris, and of MissPearl Moore, in this city, is visitingfriends in Pittsburg, Ky., before returning to her home in Louisville.Mrs. James, M. Arnold andgrandchildren, Misses Eleanor Daniels and Nellie Arnold, of Covington,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G.Talbott and famly, and Mr. J. HartTalbott, at "Mt. Lebanon," nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, andchildren, A. B. Hancock, Jr., andMiss Nancy Hancock, left Tuesdayfor a visit to Mr. Hancock's old home,at Charlottesville, Va, Mr. Hancock wil go to Saratoga, New York,to attend the horse sales.Mrs. George Sun, two daughters, Misses Arline and Jessie MaySun, and son, Mr. George Sun, Jr.,have returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee and family, on Fifthstreet. Mrs. Sun recently moved,with her family, from Hot Springs,Ark., to Lexington, in order to starther children in the fall school termthere.(Other Personals on Page 5.)la fe laHow Military Stores, on MexicanBorder Are Salvaged.Nothing That It Is Possible to Repair,or in Any Way Make Useful, IsEver Thrown Away as"xWorthless.18 BILHOH ARMY BILL IS FORECAST.The most extensive dealer in junkon the Mexican border wears. an olivedrab uniform, two bars on his shoulders and a serious look, for business isalways rushing with Capt Fred Felix, Uncle Sam's junk man in the cavalry division here, writes the FortBliss (Tex.) correspondent of the NewYork Sun.As head of the salvage and reclamation department of the general quartermaster depot here, Captain Felixand his force of enlisted men are repairing and salvaging supplies whichhave been discarded by the UnitedStates army In the border districtThree warehouses, a part of the fortmachine shops, and t$g yard downtown, are used for this work.Tents which have been torn by thewinds are repaired by men who havebeen sailors or who have experiencein repairing canvas. Canvas cot covers which have been torn are cut upinto small pieces and made into clothing bags. These cot covers were formerly discarded. A tailor shop hasbeen established where worn and tornuniforms are repaired, buttons sewnon, the uniforms steam cleaned andpressed and returned to the owners.Army shoes which have been wornby many marches over the desertsands near the fort are half-soled bymachinery, ripped places stitched, newlaces inserted and the shoes sent backfor further wear. Not a scrap ofleather is permitted to be wasted bythe reclamation and salvage department Shoes too badly worn to berepaired, and cavalry Hoots, are ripped to pieces and the leather used forrepairing other boots and shoes. Thescraps are then sent to market for useIn the manufacture of compositionbeJjNlng:wn;,ffy''M?-'-' 'Kntly 15 meat grindere for preparing meat for cooking were condemned and sent to the reclamationdepartment to be sold for junk. Instead, the parts were separated, reassembled and five good grinders obtained, while the remaining parts werestored for repairing other grinders.Broken parts were sold for junk.Wagons, automobiles, tank wagons,soup kitchens and every other kind offield equipment is received by this department. Wagonmakers replace wornparts of transport and ammunitionwagons with new ones. All automobile parts, are classified and a crew ofgarage men repair the cars as theycome to the shops. Even tracks forcaterpillar trucks are kept for repairing those big trucks which haul supplies over the desert.Broken spurs, ragged guidons andflags, eyelets from wornout puttees,harness, saddles, the ropes and even"bull whips" used by the army muledrivers are salvaged in Uncle Sam'sbig junk shop here, and the government is saved thousands of dollars byrepairing army property which otherwise would have to be replaced withnew.An eighteen billion dollar armybill for 1919-20 to meet the vast increase in the military establishmentsproposed by the War Departmentwas forecast by RepresentativeKahn, qf California, ranking minority member of the House MilitaryCommittee, in an address at Cleveland, Ohio, before the League of Republican clubs."This means additional Libertybonds," Representative Kahn said."It means additional taxation; itmeans, if it means anything, that the'American people must be prepared togive their all, if need he. Perhapsthe time will come when evey individual in the United States will haveto content himself with the barestnecessaries of life, and surrendereverything he possesses to aid hisgovernment."We have not begun to make sacrifices in the United States, we do notknow the pinch of hunger I hopeand pray we may never know itbut we will be the better preparedfor possible eventualities if we beginnow the practice of self-denial."JK3 feRAIUIOABS CANT GIVE RATESFOR CHARITY.The .President has a&dLewis to run for re-election, bt Jo-Ham is such a modest, shrink!let undoubtedly he will need lotcoaxing.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402,HRST NATL BANK RHILBIMG-'DR.WM.KENNEY .Eye, Ear, Nose and ThroaifROOMS 40a-404EERST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136cThe railroads have received ordersnot to make any more reduced ratesto charitable organizations or toState, city or county governments.This also covers the free transportation sometimes given in the past toSisters of Charity and the like.This practice if allowed to one person would have to be given to all,grealy reducing the revenue of thegovernment. Owing to the fact thatthe government is in great -need ofrevenue at this time all free passageor reduced rates on both the passenger or freight lines have been discontinued. 1 2 feTO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION.HATSIII"For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything thatI heard of to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I saw IChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I find Ithe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.(adv-aug)Potash From Cement Dust.Extraction of potash frpm dust isclaimed as a possibility. James D.Rhodes, a Pittsburgh manufacturer,claims to have made the discovery,and at his own expense has arrangedto erect a large experimental plant adjoining the plant of a cement companyat Castalia, O., for the purpose of experimenting for 120 days.The Castalia plant is in the hands ofa receiver and it was necessary toget permission of the United Statesdistrict court before Mr. Rhodes couldenter into any agreement with the receiver. This was granted.Mr. Rhodes said he could extractlarge quantities of potash for fertilizerfrom the dust and waste of cementmills that will be of great benefit tothe country in increasing the supply.It is understood that the UnitedStates government is watching the experiment with interestThe worst notion that any youngman can get into his head is the foolidea that to be good is to be a sissy.Misery loves cojmpany, but eventhat sort of company can wear itswelcome out.Get YoursNowTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, KyaTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Dogs on the Battlefield.Experiments made In the trainingof dogs as messengers with the armies in the field have, it Is stated,given satisfactory results. The dogswhich have proved most receptiveunder instruction are chiefly halfbred collies and retrievers. A ratherpoor breed of bob-tailed sheep dogshas also done well. All have beentrained to perform their errandsduring heavy firing, vboth rifles andguns. They can be fired over aseasily as the ordinary sporting dog,and, what is quite another thing, theywill face fire at close range. Manyhave shown amazing skill in gettingover, under and through all sorts ofobstacles, including wire.See Us For All Kinds ofFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesA Dutch inventor has evolved a telephone scarcely larger than a leadpencil which depends upon the heatgenerated in a piece of platinum wireby electricity to record vibrations.It is said to be very efficient.But the old style phones are efficient enough especially in transmitting bad news. When there is anybad newson tap the old style phoneSoHMtAny husband can tell you that a . dont respond, will come and drag youwoman is a person who can under- out o bed n it .g good new thestand'things -without 'giving them a pj0ne tinkles once very faintly andthought. k " r v passes away. r . -Destination Berlin.TT T "Ronnntt. n Spvmonr travellne!man, was standing on a depot platformin a Kentucky town while a group ofcolored men were waiting to entrain,and overheard the following conversation between one of the conscripts anda colored girl who was bidding himgoodby :"Well, Sam,- are you goin with thisbunch? I suppose yon are goin toFrance right soon, ain't you?" the girlasked."Not exactly," replied the, soldiercandidate. "I suppose I'll go throughJPrance, but, you see, I'm on my way toBerlin." Indianapolis Ntwi.McCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the test of years.C. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant Stf."V-.?irwfcvm?"T'VW" ti' m1 ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IT.' FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, liltJfCrXETTE1S IOXOTTRBOir BOTSIN CAMP.The fbllowinir letter under dae ofJuly 9, has heen received from Mr.Charles Tackett, formerly of Paris,who enlisted in the service some timeao. Mr. Tackett is stationed at theCoast Artillery camp, at Ft. Kear--ney,Rhode Island. His letter follows: "Our harracks are located aboutone hundred yards from Narragansett Bay, where the salt waterbreezes play around us at night.We hav to have blankets or wewould get very damp f rojm the saltyvapors that drift in with the breezes.It is not very pleasant to wake up,as I did the first night oi two, andfind that I as almost in a chillfrom theMiight winds from the ocean.I had to put on extra clothing one ortwo times while the others were drying. The air is always very damparound here, because the ocean is sonear, you see. I know from experience, as I went to sleep once aboutialf-an-hour before lights were out,and woke up at 12:30 a. m., andtalk about someone wishing for thegood old Southland, it was me thatnight. ' ,"The heavy artillery is sure onegood branch of the service, as youcannot help from taking an interestin your drills and doing your best.The way our days are generallyspent is by jumping out of bed at5:50 a, jm., then dressing and having our bunks made up nicely by6:00. For twenty-five minutes afterthis we take our regular exercises,which certainly have a tendency towake you up thoroughly. After thatwe take our baths and then eat our'chow,' (breakfast it would be calledby the people of good old Bourboncounty.) Then at 7:30 it is to J'fleece up,' and from 8:00 to 10:00we have artillery drill, which is oneof the most interesting parts of theday's program to me. But it is byno means a play affair, as some people might think. From 10:00 until10:30 we have infantry drill, whichcompletes the morning."In the afternoon we have aboutan hour and a half of infantry drill,and about two hours of gapnes, suchas boxing, wrestling, wheelbarrowraces, foot .races, and other kinds ofgames. I hold the record for the12th Company on the foot race. Thewinners of the 12th and the 23rdcompanies are going to see which isthe best next "Sunday. I am hopingthat it will be in our favor."Tell all my friends to write tome, as I would enjoy a letter fromeach one of them. These lettersmake you feel mighty good, especially when they come from your oldhome town. My present address isPrivate Charles Tackett, 12th Co.,N. B., Ft. Kearney, Rhode Island."THE NEWS is in receipt of a letter from Mr. H. E. Everman, formerly of Paris, who is now stationedon the U. S. Wolverine, at Detroit.Mr. Everman is a son of Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, of Paris. He enlisted inthe navy last Spring and after anintensive course of training at theGreat Iiakes station, was sent to Detroit. The letter follows:"No doubt you are somewhat surprised to see a letter from the writerof this, but this is war time and Iwant to thank you for forwardingyour paper, THE BOURBON NEWS,to me. It comes to my address ontime, but I am in and out, in and otof Detroit, almost daily, sometimesfor the day and then for longer periods, and I often get more than onecopy at the time on this account.Anyway, one or a dozen are welcomedwith outstretched arms and I shallnever forget you for your kindness."I noticed in a recent issue an article relative to writing to the boysat the front, and those in the service,which appealed to me very much.The writer of that sure had theproper spirit, for a letter oft timesis like a message from Heaven, especially when a fellow feels downand out and among strangers. I havebeen fortunate along that line, butmany a day have I seen my camp andship-mates walk away from the mailcrelk with head bowed as if somesorrow was hovering over them. Ithink the people who have to stayat home should write to. the boys,sending them words of cheer, (neversend them sympathy) no matterwhose son he is, he is there fightingfor them. We are all brothers andsisters, anyway, (in Christ.)"At present I am on the U. S. S.Wolverine, and attached to the newtraining station near Detroit, butnot permanently. Our ship is theoldest commissioned ship in the service to-day, having been launched in1843. It is, or was, the original battleship, Michiga'n, but the name waschanged when the new Michigan wasbuilt. It was the first steel ship everlaunched and originally carried acomplement of one hundred menand eight guns, but at present thenumber of the jcrew varies, as it is atraining ship. I must say farewellfor this time, as we are to be underway in an hour, for a cruise on LakeErie. Let me thank you again, however, and with best wishes to youand hoping that I may see you whenit is all over 'over there.'"Yours truly,"H. E. EVERMAN, U. S.N.,"U. S. S. Wolverine,'Detroit, Mich'Mr. and Mrs. Otis T. Bacon, ofWichita Falls, Texas, have receivedan imt&raeting letter from their son,Bently Baoon, written from a Frenchjwrt, '.he arrived on June 23,with the contingent o'f which he is amember.Young Bacon is a nephew of-MissClara Bacon, and Mr. J. W. "Bacon, ofParis, and Mr. Warren A. Bacon, ofGalion, Ala. The letter, a copy ofwhich was furnished to Mr. J. W.Bacon, follows:"Dear Father and Mother:"We arrived here safely withoutseeing a U-boat or being sick. I cansay that I do not like Englfsh cooking and am glad our cooks are againon the job. We landed in an Englishseaport and stayed there just aboutlong enough to say we had beenthere. About all I saw of the townwas a warehouse where we stayed.The few English women we saw surehad big feet. The railroad cars andengines look more like constructioncars than anything else. Just aboutfive to eleven tons capacity."The trip across the channel wasrough and more boys were sick thanat any other time. I have been hereless than twenty-four hours but thesuffering of the French plainly showson the faces of the women folk. Thelittle boys are active and seem to bepretty good rustlers, but the littlegirls show the pinch of poverty andtheir eyes show the look of hunger.One boy broke up a piece of hardtack and threw it out in the roadand the children cleaned up thepieces like chickens would a handfulof grain. The scraps from this campgo to feed the Belgians. All my surplus money is gone to feed the littlegirls, either give them money or food.I jmay draw a little money from mybank account; it will -not exceed myCity National Bank dividends.I saw a truck run by steam thismorning, coal furnished the fuel. Isure am glad to have George Schumann in this regiment for he is certainly a .prince and shows me everycourtesy."Will close. Your son,"BENJAMIN B. BACON,"Co. G. 26th Infantry, A. E. F."IS fe IS"THE BLUE BIRD" TO BE SHOWNIN LOCAL THEATRES.A photoplay of extraordinary interest will be shown to the patronsof the Alamo and Opera House onTuesday, when "The Blue Bird," anArtcraft picture, will be presented.The photoplay was produced atthe studio of the Famous PlayersLasky Corporation. The intricatedetails in intelligently portrayingallegory and symbolism, requiringmultiple exposures in photography;the numerous and massive settings;the rehearsals of approximately onethousand actors, were successfullymastered by Mr. Tourneur.The cast is too lengthy to enumerate, all the ordinary matter of lifebeing personified, and beautifulgirls in symbolic costumes interpretvarious parts. Eleanor Masters, themodel for James Montgomery Flagg,is Milk; Mary Kennedy, Water; Lillian Cook, Fairy Berylune; GertrudeMcCoy, Light; Rose Rolanda, thewell-known dancer, leads a "Ballet insyjmbolical interpretations, and LynDonelson is Night.Tula Belle and Robin Macdougall,two clever kiddies well-known topicture patrons, are the children whosearch for the Blue Bird. MauriceTourneur has won an enviable reputation as an artistic producer, andthis spectacle has proven a subjectin which his genius has been put toa severe test.HOLES IN THE ROAD.Rodman Wiley, Commissioner Department of Public Roads, Frankfort, Ky., says:"A road is the means of transportation and upon the condition of thesurface depends the cost of transporting materials. A great - manypeople think that when a road isonce built that it will stand for alltime and do efficient work withoutany repairs, but such is not the case.Railroads, rivers, harbors and canalsare patrolled, and in as much as thehighways are subjected to more severe traffic than either of the aboveit stands to reason that they shouldreceive constant attention. Besides,if the road is not smooth not onlyis the cost of hauling increased, butvehicles are caused to deterioratemost rapidly."Consider, for example, a largehole in a road. Everyone knowsthat when automobiles, wagons andbuggies pass over holes that considerable damage is done. Suppose thatthe damage to an automobile is onlyone cent and that there were onehundred autopiobiles over the roadin a day. The damage to the automobiles alone from that one hole inone day is $1.00. Suppose there arefifty such holes to the mile of road.Then the damage would be $50.00per day or $1,500 per month and fortwelve months in the year the damage to the automobiles alone passingover a mile of such road would be$18,000, which is a sufficient sum ofmoney to build in its entirety a mileof road and use an excellent grade ofmaterials. It might not be necessaryto rebuild the road, and in that eventit certainly should be maintained."It would seem to me that it is nowhigh time that steps be taken to atleast see that all the holes in theroads are kept filled. One way wouldbe to appoint a patrolman on all themain roads in the county."I cannot believe that we willvery much longer be willing to seeeach day thousands of dollars worthof damage done to property."The proposition is worth seriousthought." '- ' L ' --TO OPEN SCHOOJ. IN -VOICE "llrtj PABIS., - xV. - . ..Under the auspices of the Lexington College of Music, the notedSwedish baritone, Birger MaximusBeausang, will open a class in viocein Paris about Sept. 12. The locationof the studio will be announced later,according to ,Miss Anna ChandlerGoff, Director of the Lexington College of Music, who was in Paris,Wednesday.Birger Maximus Beausang is aSwede by birth, but came to thiscountry in his youth and has received his high school and university education here. His A. B. degree wasattained at Bethany College, Lindsborg, Kansas.Mr. Beausang gave special attention to the study of music throughout his college education and afterreceiving his university degree wentto Copenhagen, Denjmark, and enteredthe opera school, studying with themaster, Herman Spire. Here he remained several years. ClarenceWhitehill, of Chicago, Grand Opera,and Peter Cornelius, the great Wagnerian tenor of Covent Garden, London, and of the Royal Opera of Copenhagen, are among the well knownpupils of Herman Spire.Later Mr. Beausang went to Belrinto study with George Ferguson andwas to have been introduced inopera, but the declaration of warmade that impossible, and Mr. Beausang returned to this country in December, 1914. He located in Chicago,where he has been devoting his timeto cancert work, teaching and directing. TS IS 1COUNTY SUNDAY SCHOOL CONVENTION ON AUG. 20.The convention of the Sundayschools of Bourbon county will beheld at Ruddles Mills on August 20.A splendid program has been prepared, and it is the earnest wish ofthose who are most interested thateveryone in the county who feels ortakes an interest in the welfare andsuccess of the Sunday schools shouldattend the convention.If you have an automobile thatyou are willing to lend for the purpose of transporting delegates andvisitors to Ruddles Mills on thisdate, please let Miss Carolyn Roseberry know, as she is a committee ofone appointed for the purpose of looking after the cars. Begin now andmake plans to attend this convention,and remejmber the date, August 20.isiRaPaWALNUT LOGS WANTED.In carload lots. For Gun Stocksfor U. S. Army rifles. All walnutpurchased by this company goes directly into Government work at ourmills and factory at Louisville, Ky.,and New Albany, Ind. Log dealersand owners of standing timber writeus what walnut you can furnish.Address Wood-Mosaic Co., Inc., 700First National Bank Building, Lenington, Ky. (19-(?t)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Enoch Grehan, the LexingtonHerald's brilliant paragrapher, hasthe following in "Paragraphs" ina recent issue of the Herald:"The Herald hastens to inform aBourbon county communicant whowrites to ask, '"What steps can I taketo get relief from a hen-peckingwife?' that Paris green in the coffeeis a reliable prescription, providedshe doesn't think of it first."IS J PaHAIL INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)fe ?a feCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT GRANDOPERA HOUSE AND ALAMOTo-day, Friday, Aug. 2 Government and Ladies' Day. Two ladies admitted for one paid admission, plusthe war tax. Lina Cavaliere, in"Love's Conquest;" also "Under TheStars and Stripes in France" firstofficial government-sanctioned filmpictures of our boys at work andplay with the soldiers of France.To-morrow, Saturday, Aug. 3Gladys Brockwell, in "The Devil'sWheel," a drama of high social lifeand the Apache class in France; alsoa Fox film comedy, "A Bath HouseTangle."Monday, Aug. 5 Mary Pickford,in "How Could You, Jean?" an idealpicture subject for her; also MaxSennett Comedy, "Love Loops TheLoop," featuring Charles Murray,Wayland Trask and Mary Thurman.Ea Ea EaSOME SEASONABLE SUMMERSUGGESTIONS SWINGS,SEPARATORS, ETC.Special Prices . on Cream Separators, Lawn and Porch Swings, Hammocks, Ice Cream Freezers and Refrigerators. Come in before thestock is exhausted. They will behigher next summer.(2-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.pSl fS fftl - -THRESHING DELAYEDThe work of threshing the bigwheat crop of Bourbon county hasbeen considerably delayed by recentheavy rains, but is now progressing.The threshermen take the crops inrotation, moving from one place toanother. It will require about another week or two to complete thework. The wheat this year is pronounced of superior quality.A "PARK mASlSPEOPLE.(Contributed)'It has long been recognized thatthe elements of beauty and recreationadd to the welfare of a city. It becomes every citizen to have a homeof his own and keep it always neatand attractive, well painted and ingood repair, and if he has housesto rent, the sacne rule should prevail. If one house in a good neighborhood is allowed to become unsightly .the tendency is for the disease to spread, then rents go downand the owners suffer.Progressive cities have long agorecognized the fact that money spentfor civic beauty and recreation is agood investment. Years ago inParis, France, streets were taken inrotation, and when their time cameench piece of property was requiredto be put in presentable condition,and now their parks and show placesare the wonder of the world. Valuable as property is in New York,Central Park is not less than a milein length and of proportionatewidtl), and in it are woods and lakes,great rocks, ornamental buildings,playgrounds, flower beds, etc., andeverything appropriate to a city'sbreathing place, and other parks,large and small, are scatteredover the city. The neighboring townsare inspired with the same spirit."Ten or twelve miles west of NewYork City are the Oranges, EastOrange, West Orange, etc. Closer byis Jersey City, that has a good sizedlake in one of its parks, where allkinds of water sports are enjoyed.All the Oranges are well parked. Itis astonishing to see how the peoplewill tax themselves to keep these up.A few miles away is Newark, N. J.,with the Passaic River and falls,which are made part of a beautifulpark. On Sundays and holidays 'theriver and island are alive with people taking their pleasure. At EastOrange, for a nickel car fare you canbe taken to the foot of OrangeMountains, where easy walks andsteps take you to the summit, whereyou can view the neighboring towns,and have a dim view of New YorkCity. Close by is the Casino, whererefreshments may be had. You are ina grove, -in the midst of which is alarge grassy space fit for athleticsports. Then you pass some ornamental buildings and a larger stretchof woods in a state of nature, andyou reach a very considerable lakeused for boating, etc., in summerand skating in winter. This is thecounty park kept up at public expense. Returning to the HudsonRiver you take the railroad for a fewmiles, crossing the Passaic andHackensack rivers, through thosewide, beautiful salt water meadowsin the interstate park, owned by theStates of New Jersey and NewYork.Withing this park is a strip onemile wide and seventeen miles long,that was presented to the State ofNew York by C. P. Huntington, therailroad magnate. Also he gavesojm notable gifts to San Franciscoin her famous park. This princelygift to New York wasmuch improved by the State buying the famousPalisades of the Hudson, opposite theupper part of New York City. Youcan take an auto at Hackensack, andfor twenty-one miles you can rideon a smooth asphalt road, past hamlest with queer Indian names. Thesehave some queer alarm bells, greatheavy iron tires of locomotive wheelssuspended from from a heavy tiniber,and to be struck when it is necessary to assemble the citizens. Partof the ground is cultivated, butmostly it is in the state of nature.So we drive through forests, pastgreat rocks, mountain lakes, mountain views, strange wild flowers, etc.,till we. come to a place where, on aSunday, we find hundreds of autocampers in the woods, while a steamboat is unloading hundreds more whohave come by water. Then sevenmiles more brings up to West PointMilitary Acadqmy with its wonderousbuildings, gounds and monuments,and views of this historic river.Crossing to the other shore we passdown to New 'York City by many ahistoric place, the Zuyder Zee, Spuyten Dival Creek, Riverside Park, theSpeedway, the Hall of Fame, etc., tothe city via the tunnel under theriver to the Jersey shore, when halfan hour's railroad ride brings us toEast Orange frem whence a nickelstreet car fare takes us to the footof the Orange Mountains (?) aboutas high as the hills about Frankfort,Ky. An easy stairway takes to thetop of the mountains.Washington, D. C, is a park initself and needs no mention. Youcan cross the city of Allegheney,Pa., by a string of parks. A fewyears ago Cincinnati leased somebleak hillsides that were so steepthat it looked as though the cattlemight fall off. They improved theplace and now we have Eden Park.One of the brewers died and left afund that provides full band musicon Sundays and other days in theweek, not only there, but also atBurnet Woods Park. This last wasabout to be sold off in town lots, butmy brother, John A. Dailey, now ofEast Orange, New York, proposedthat instead .he offer it to the cityfor apark, and now it is a beautifulplace. Louisville has a number ofgood parks, chief xof which is Cherokee, about a (mile square. Lexington has Woodland Park, that occupies about four city blocks. It is abeautiful woods pasture fitted outwith a band stand and other buildings, swings, wading pools, tennisWANTEDFRANKLtLADIES' OUTFITTERSCLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDSGreat ReductionsSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.courts, etc. It is a beautiful placeand on Sunday afternoons a large audience comes to hear the music.There is also a large park for coloredpeople.Paris has no park. It ought tohave one for the benefit of the growing children. Nothing is better fortheir health than play in the openair with safe surroundings. I haveonly lived in the town a year and ahalf, but I am much like a Jew,wherever I hang up my hat there ismy home, my town, my country, andfor it I will work and talk andthink. When a Sunday School givesa picnic a nice park would come inhandy and save troubling the neighbors ongoing to a distance. Thereare various places in the town thatwould do. Mt. Airy would be anideal place, could it be bought orleased. The little strip of woodsstarting from the corner of Houstonavenue and Second street, with theadjoining ground on the same sideof the creek that is now in tobacco,would make a delightful park. Thelarge lot on the opposite side ofHouston avenue, would be a goodaccessory. One dollar fropa each citizen would fit the place up nicely.Yours truly,ELEZAR DAILEY.AUTOS FOR SALE.New Brisco and Page Automobileand one second-hand Chevrolet ingood order. Apply at Oakland Garage, corner Fourth and High streets.(2-tf) F. P. WHITE.m 151SHORTHORN SHOW AND SALEDATE SET FOR AUGUST 17The Kentucky ShorthornBreed-;ers' Association sale will be held atLexington, October 17, at Tattersalls. 1The association guarantees that thevery best cattle will be on sale andjrepresentatives of every herd ofShorthorns in the State and manygood ones from outside will beoffered.On August 16, before the sale, aShorthorn show will be held and$300 in prices awarded.The Lexington College of MusicAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio will be announced later. For information addressMISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Dirtcttr,(aug2:7t-F) Ltxinften, KentuckyJ?&eo,ion2fcSECRETARY WIRES THAT JAMESIS IMPROVING.Senator Ollie James is better, according to a telegram received atFrankfort by Gov. Stanley from Vernon Richardson, secretary to the Senator. Mr. Richardson wired: "Amglad to report to you that SenatorJames is better. He has been improving for the last three days."Gov. Stanley wired in reply:"Delighted to hear Senator James isconvalescent. Making every effort tosend him most cheering news fromthe primary Saturday."B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. H1NTON &SON,AgtsHOME AT HAZEL GREEN DESTROYED BY FIRE.Fire, originating from a defective.nue, destroyed the house and outbuildings of Mrs. Mollie Phillips,who lives three piles west of HazelGreen. The loss is $3,000.James Hurt, son-in-law of Mrs.Phillips, who lived in the housewith his family, was away fromhome. Only a few bed clothes weresaved. A cellar filled with cannedgoods, and a meat house where1,000 pounds of meat and lardwere stored were destroyed. A barnand storeroom nearby did not burn.IS TS TE3Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.it's usually the parents fault whenthe children would rather be some-where else than at home.mmaFor Rent.Nice Main street fiat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.fJt,rjs?--SY s .-fV'tif' ..?j5i"'a iv v,vyi i v '..?"" -1! -.FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 118 ,-:rAt , -j&.- ' s v-- - & uTrr?fB'J'J& z ' -- L mX - - -- .-J' V ---tv-sarTHE BOURBON NEWS, frXMS, KTTASL THln r-XfOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Housetrtd give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes.. Wtwill be in our offices every dayuntii further notice for thatf purpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)m m jNAPIER'S MEAL THE BEST FEED.No use to worry about the bestfeed for your hogs. Rapier's PigMeal is acknowledged the best. Askf. C. Dodson about it. (2-2t)LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE TRAINSERVICE CHANGED.Effective August 3rd, "The Southland" trains 32 and 33 will be operated between Cincinnati and Atlantaonly, sleeping car service betweenCincinnati and Alanta will be discontinued, and parlor car service substitJted on the above trains.W. V. SHAW, Agent.I- . l fca isAUTOS FOR SALE,Kew Brisco and Page Automobileand one second-hand Chevrolet int good order. Apply at Oakland Gar-iHage, corner Fourth and High streets.(2-tf) P. P. WHITE.IS IS 151PARIS NEEDS PARK.In another column of this issue ofTHE NEWS appears an interestingcontribution from Mr. Elezar Dailey,of Paris, regarding a park or publicplayground for Paris people andchildren. The subject has been agitated before, but will bear a littlebit more. Paris has long needed arecreation ground and it is to behoped some good may come from theeffort to secure such a place.mm mLITTLE INTEREST IN PRIMARYVery little interest is being manifested in this city and county in theprimary election which is to be heldto-morrow to nominate candidatesfor Congressmen and Senators.Friends of United States SenatorOllie James in this county are working hard to bring out a large votef'r him. Congressman Cantrill willhave a walk-over, and the voters arenot worrying much about the matter.The indications are that a comparatively small vote will be cast in thecounty.3 Es TSUSE HONEY INSTEAD OF SUGAR.Fancy extracted honey in quart43ars. Euy honey instead or sugar.We have it.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.JOHN DEER MOWERS THE BEST;SPECIAL PRICES.We have a few of the famous JohnDeer Mowers left, at special prices.Buy now, as they are good for a lifetime and they will be higher later on.(2-2t) FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.HOLD FIRST SERVICE IN NEWCHURCH SUNDAY.The congregation of the Presbyterian church will hold services in thehandsome new church Sunday morning at 9:30 for the first time. Therourt house will no longer be usedby the congregation. The church isibout ready for dedication, everyhing being practically completed"Aith the exception of installing the"ev organ, part of which, has beenlost in transit. Date of dedicationUnices will be announced later.la Pa taDEMONSTRATION OF NEW WAYSOF DRYING FRUIT.Mrs. Martha M. Golsan, Home Dem-QStratinn Ao-ont fnr "RourbonCounty, will give a demonstration atthe Letton school house at 2:30 this(Friday) afternoon, Aug. 2. She" ill demonstrate the new methods ofdrying fruity and vegetables of allkinds. All women are earnestly revested to attend this meeting. It isJn the interest of sugar conservation&d the vital question of food conservation. COMMUNITY CHORUS SINGING.All the singers In Paris are herebytfyen a cordial invitation to meetv,ith the members of the CommunityChorus in a "neighborhood singing"to be given on the lawn at the homef Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,Sr-, on Pleasant street next Monday.it. Come at seven o'clock, andprepared to stay until eight orlongerf as long as the singing holdssooa. Bring your singing voicealong with you and spend an enjoyable hour in music.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComiMjs and Goinfs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Hettie Whaley is the guestof Mrs. Robert McCray, near NorthMiddletown.Miss Mary Allen Parrish, ofFrankfort, is a guest of Miss CordieStephenson, near Paris.Miss Lena Whaley has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Misses Lizzie Lenihan and Mayme Peuter, of Lexington, and MinnieCain, of Carlisle, are guests of MissKatie Bryan, near Paris.Mt. Sterling Advocate: "MissesSadie Major Wilson, of Woodfordcounty, and Callie Gay, of Bourboncounty, are guests of Miss EmmaCooper."Mrs." J. R. Miller and son, J. R.Miller, Jr., of Richmond, are guestsof Mrs. Frank Jacobs. Mrs. Millerwas formerly Miss Mary Rassenfoss,of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris haveas guests at their hojme on WalkerAvenue Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Hedges,of Corinth, Ky., and Mrs. Ella Pope,of Hammond, 111.Mrs. Felix Newman and littleson, Lucien, have returned to theirhome in Falniouth, after a visit toher father, Mr. Robert Terrell, andfamily, near Paris.Mrs. E. J. Mulcahey and daughter, Miss Margaret, have returned totheir home in Berry, after a weeks'visit to Mrs. Lizzie Day and daughter, Miss Lillian Day, in Paris.Mrs. Harry Chambers and son,Master Henry Chambers, of Louisville, are guests of Judge J. HarryBrent, in this city. Mrs. Chamberswas fonmerly Miss Mary Brent, ofParis.Miss Maude Day has resumedher duties in the business office ofthe Paris Home. Telephone Co., aftera vacation spent with her sister,Mrs. Clarence Plummer, near Hazard, Ky.Miss Eleanor Lytle returnedyesterday from Cincinnati, whereshe has been spending sereval weekswith relatives. She will enter theWilbur Smith Business College atLexington, next MondayMiss Mary Kenney Webber, ofParis, was a guest of Miss MarthaTharp, in Mt. Sterling, for the danceThursday night. Miss Anna LouiseWhite also attended the dance, andwas the guest of Miss Bernice Moore.Mrs. David W. Traugott and little daughter, Mary Louise Traugott,left Wednesday for a visitto Mrs. Traugott's grandmother, Mrs. Eva Dijmmett, and Mr.and Mrs. Eslie Henry. They wereaccompanied as far as Cincinnati byMr. Traugott.Lexington Herald: "Mrs. Charlton Alexander, of Paris, was a visitorto Lexington on Tuesday and attended the sale of Miss Cannie Downing. At this sale a few articles belonging to the late Hon. Madison C.Johnson were offered and gladly accepted by older residents of Lexington." Among the guests at a buffetluncheon given in Danville by MissWoodford Durham in honor of theHanger-Shelby bridal party was Mrs.G. C. Thompson, Jr., who is visitingher (mother, Mrs. Mollie James, inParis. Mrs. Thompson was imatron of honor at the wedding,which took nlace Wednesday.Louisville Courier - Journal:"Mrs. Omar Rains, of Chicago, whohas been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Alvin J. Sabel at their apartment inKeller Court, left last night forParis, Ky., where she will visit Mr.and Mrs. Luther Rice. Mrs. Rainswill return to Louisville in severalweeks to continue her visit to Mr.and Mrs. Sabel."Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey areentertaining at their home on Stoneravenue, Col. and Mrs. Edward Watson and two daughters, Misses Juliaand Mary Louise Watson and MissesDorothy and Catherine Parks, all ofFt. Myers, Fla. Col. Watson is. amember of the editorial staff of theFt. Myers Daily Press. The partymotored to Paris from Ft. Myers.Mr. D. A. Bradley, manager ofthe Singer Sewing Machine Co.'soffice in Paris, was called to Anderson, Ind., Tuesday, by a' message telling of the serious illness of hismother, Mrs. Virginia Bradley. Mrs.Bradley, who is in her seventy-firstyear, was stricken with paralysis,and the message stated that but little hopes were entertained for her recovery. Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrell entertained the following guests witha dining at their home near Paris:Prof, and Mrs. J. Molar McVey andson, Paul McVey, of Dayton, Ky.;Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp, Mr. andMrs. D. D. Smith, Misses Ethlyn andMinta Smith, W. F. Heathman andIsaac Cooper, the latter of SanFrancisco, Cali.Mr. Harry Simon, who was called to New York, Saturday, by theserious illness of his wife, telegraphed Wednesday that Mrs. Simon hadbeen operated on for appendicitis before he arrived and was in. a veryserious condition. The physicians incharge of the case told Mr .Simonthe operation had been deferred toolong, pending his arrival.Mr. Frank O'Neill and familyleft yesterday for Philadelphia, wherethey will reside in the future. Mr.O'Neill, who has for several yearsbeen foreman of' the C. A. Daughertypainting and decorating forces, hassecured a fine position in- Philadelphia. His son, Mr. Frank O'Neill,Jr., has been a resident of the Cityof Brotherly Love for several years.Miss Elsie Bennett Smith, ofLouisville, and Mr. Douglas Chenault, of Richmond, will arrive today to be the guests of Mr. and Mrs.J. J. Williams, on Pleasant street.Mrs., Roy Ellis and son, Thornton Ellis, of Dayton, O., will arriveto-day to spend the remainder of thesujmmer with her aunt, Mrs. NellieStoker Highland. Mrs. Ellis was formerly Miss Lucy Thornton, of Paris.Miss Anna May Schwartz andMiss Mary Bradley will leave to-morrowfor a. visit to Miss Weherley, ofMidway. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Clarkeand son will motor to Midway, Sunday, to spend the day with them.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Jr., and son, John T. Woodford, Jr.,of Paris, joined a party of friendsfrom Clark and Montgomery counties yesterday for a trip to MammothCave and other points of interest inthe Western part of the State.The following young women ofParis will leave next Monday for aten days' stay at Camp Daniel Boone,which has been converted into agirls' camp for a few weeks: HelenHutchcraft, Edith Stivers, Josephineand Emily Fithian, ElizabethCrutcher, Nancy Barbee Wilson,Margaret Griffith, Lillian Kenney,Mildred and Louise Collier and Virginia Dundon.(Other Personals on Page 3.)The FairFOR TO-MORROW AND MONDAY.COURT DAY.Grey Enamel Steel Coffee Pots19c; Large Size Clothes Baskets 49cand up; Floor Mops, jmade of 6-plythread, the new style mop, will outwear two of the old style, each 49c;Heavy Hotel Tumblers, 'fire polished,each 7c; Ice Tea Tumblers, each 9c;Glass Salt and Pepper Stands, 5c apair; Feather Dusters, each 10c; Imitation Leather Chair Seats, each 7c;Bixby's Jet Oil Shoe Polish and Bixby's Shoe White Polish, 2 in a package, both for 15c; Hand or NailBrushes, 2 for 5c; One Pound BoxTalcum Powder, 10c; Butter MilkSoap, 10c a cake; Violet TalcumPowder, 10c a box, come packed twoin a package, with a 1918 calendar 9x12 size, all for 15c; Grey Enamelled Preserving Kettles holdabout 4 quarts, each 19c;" PureWhite and White Deep PuddingPans, holds about two quarts, extragood value, each 19c; Silver KingWash Boards, each 19c; Children'sGarden Sets, Rake and Shovel, bothfor 5c; Thin Blown Glass FingerBowls, each 10c; Handled Glass Custard Cups, each 5c.Remnants of Wall Paper, from 10to 14 rolls in a lot, sold with borders, big variety, at 5c a roll.THE PAIR.AUGUSTVICTORRECORDS64783. Khaki Sammy MabelGarrison, Soprano. 10 -inch;price $1.00. .64784. Canzonetta "Flonzaley Quartet." 10-inch; list price$1.00.64782. The Magic of YourEyes France Alda, Soprano.10-inch; price $1.00.74571. The Song that Reached My Heart Evan Williams,Tenor. 12-inch ; price $1. 50.74577. Eili, Eili, lama sabachthani Sophie Breslau, Contralto. 12-inch; price $1.50.55093. American Fantasie(Part I); American Fantasie(Part II); Victor Herbert's Orchestra. 12-inch; list price$1.50.70121. Granny'sLaddy HarryLauder. 12-in. ; list price $1.25.18465. They Were All Out ofStep But Jim Billy Murray.We're All Going Calling on theKaiser-William J. "Sailor"Reilly. 10-in., price 85c.18480. We'll Do Our SharePeerless Quartet. Cheer Up,Father; Cheer Up, MotherLewis James. 10-inch ; list price85c.18472. Skeleton Jangle (FoxTrot); Tiger Rag (One-Step) -OriginalDixieland Jazz Band.10-in., list price 85c.18473. Smiles (Fox Trot);Rose Room (Fok Trot) JosephC. Smith's Orchestra. 10-inch,list price 85c.18478. My Dough Boy (OneStep); Calicoco (Fox Trot)Joseph C. Smith's Orchestra.10-inch; list price 85c.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main "CL0SIN6 ITNOWGinghams30c quality, per yard35c quality, per yard40c quality, per yard50c quality, per yard50c quality, per yard ......1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs13 for 10cSILK HOSESOc values atONE LOT OFLadies' 25c Vestsat3s39138iAll goods sold. for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.sHARRYiKCTmfftiyrKCTJust Think of This!9x12 FEETMatting RugsS5-98See Them in Our4;THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEIEITHERPHONE"GOING ONIWash Rags3c24c29c32c38c48c20ceachHope Cotton24cper yardBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25cMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.We are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods and All Refrigerators.MOTOR INVALID COACH36Silt!White Goodsquality at 1 6c25c quality at 21c35c quality at.-- 28c45c quality at 37 1-2c59c quality at 48o75c quality at -..59c$1.00 quality atr. 79o1 Lot of Ladies'Handkerchiefs.eachPERCALE OCkrper yard fcVBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at 7Qcl;WindowUNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.?iifc -rj!"?tV-3u? .--7ftUDAif, AUGtiST 2, liltTttlKXliMttriMr.A - ,'V. wi..i.1THE BOUfcBON MEWS, PARIS, KtHi!iMMH;A gggOI& ATTACK,When you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perforan its functions. You become constipated. Thefood you eat ferments In your stomach and causes nausea, vomiting anda terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone up yourv liver, clean out yourstomach and you will soon be as wellas ever. They only cost a quarter.(adv-aug)?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, Pies. GROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376yMARGOLEN'SAll TraitsVegetablefishand Meatare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary mani ner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than -cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,-the breeze continually.Ofestingbouse Jmhave proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare raeney savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.p&irttitrtrtiWMCrMrMittiti&ibUHAMHUN JUNAH MANOF AMERICA IS CLAIMLos Angeles. K. D. Jacobs ofItos Angeles says he Is the champion Jonah man of America.Here's why:While instructing his wife inthe use of a revolver Mrs. Jacobs accidentally shot her husband in the shoul .r. WhileJacobs was receiving treatmentburglars entered the home andstripped the place."The darned old thieves," wailed Jacobs, "took everything ofvalue except the revolver whichcaused all the trouble. Can youbeat It?"ifitfiJWiiJiWi3f-NEEDS WALNUT WOODGovernment Makes Appeal toOwners of Trees.Best Material for the Manufacture ofGun Stocks and AirplanePropellers.Washington. American walnut hasproven, under a four-year test in thiswar, to be the best wood for the manufacture of airplane propellers and gunstocks.Our government will need all of thiswood it -can secure during the continuance of the conflict. It cannot buyeither logs or trees, as part of the lumber produced by the log is not suitablefor either of the above purposes. However, it urgently petitions all ownersof trees or logs to sell them to one ormore of the sawmills which hold government contracts for gun stocks orpropeller lumber. Fight with your trees.Don't let them remain idle slackers.Owing to their inability to purchasesufficient logs the sawmills have notyet been able to supply the present requirements of the government and itsallies, and as our participation in theactual hostilities is increasing rapidlyour requirements in this wood aremonthly growing heavier. Every treecounts. Half a dozen will provide lumber to build a propeller blade and puta gun stock into the hand of each manin the platoon. The lack of one machine In the air or one platoon in thefight might turn the tide in a battle,Picture your own son or the son ofyour neighbor holding on and fightingagainst desperate odds until the company or regiment your trees havearmed can come to his relief. Makethis relief possible. Turn your treesloose. Wake up and get into the fight.In this way you will be fighting for andwith him as truly as if you stood beside him in battle. And you have noright to do anything else. Act quickly.If you have walnut trees write todayto Capt. E. L. Oakley, production division, small arms section, ordnancedepartment, Sixth and B streets,Washington, D. C. He will put you intouch wilh several sawmills holdinggovernment contracts, any one ofwhich will buy your trees and pay youa fair price for them.LADY STEVEDORES ON JOBThree of Them Are Fired for CussingOthers Are Giving Valuable Service.Brooklyn, N. Y. Sixteen women inoveralls are wrestling daily with 132pound bags of coffee and hundredweights of sugar, working side by sidewith muscular men long used to thishard job. They are the new lady stevedores hired by the New York Dockcompany.There would be 19 of these femaledock wallopers were It not for thefact that three of the number engaged were fired on account of theircussing.Among the present 16 are an author, a former vaudeville star, severalwidows, and two negro women Theirhours are 7 a. m. to 5 p. m. five daysa week. They are getting 32 centsan hour, the rate paid to men.H. B. Whipple, general manager,predicts a bright future for all womensimilarly engaged, though he reallyhad no notion the scheme would workas well as it has.CAPTURES COUSIN IN RAIDAmerican Soldier Grabs Relative inAttack on the HunTrenches.Hackensack, N. J. Details of hovitwo cousins, one a corporal in theAmerican army and the other a soldieiof the kaiser, met in France after araid were told here recently.The American is Corporal WilliamMunz, Jr., of Hackensack, a memberof the One Hundred and' Sixty-fifth infantry, the old "Fighting Sixty-ninth.'"The German boy is Gustave Winkelmann of Bremen, a prisoner in ar.American camp. Letters from Corporal Munz say he was in a raidagainst the German trenches recentljand came back with a batch of prisoners. The captives were beingidentified when Winkelmann mentionedthat he had relatives in the UnitedStates. Munz asked their names ancfound that the boy was his cousin.Ban on Baseball Pools.Albany, N. Y. The operation oibaseball pools, prevalent throughoutthe country, has been held to be bookmaking by-theappellate division of tht"supreme court, third department oj"New York state.,-- .f ivxShdht-&.ITALY LIKES BASEBALLMost Recent Victim of NationalPastime Germ.Football Popular as Well as Diamond'Sport Favpred by, MilitaryLeaders.New York, One of the, curious effects of the war is the internationalinterest which has been aroused inAmerican sports. Italy apparently isthe most recent victim of the baseballgerm, according to Dr. Felice Ferrero,director of the Italian bureau of Information in this city.Football, as played in America, aswell as the national game of this country, also has taken hold of the popularinterest in Italy. The Gazetta delloSport, one of the most influential sportjournals of that country, is raising afund for the purchase of. baseballs,bats and footballs and the distribution of prizes among the soldiers tostimulate competition.General Pennella, commander of theSecond Italian army, in a letter to theGazetta dello Sport, says that footballand baseball games are of inestimablevalue in the training for war. Hepraises the initiative of the Gazettadello Sport and says that he firmly believes that the stimulation of baseballand football competition among thevarious units of the Italian army willhave the most gratifying and important results- in maintaining the moraleof the troops. General Pennella is especially pleased with baseball as anaid to training and the maintenance ofthe morale of the troops.THEY LOOK THE PARTIt seems peculiarly appropriate thatthese German soldiers should look likethe swine they imitate In their methods of warfare, though perhaps theporkery will object to the comparison.The type of gas mask used by the enemy gives them this repulsive swinishappearance that is topped off by thespiked German helmet.HE GOT THE RING FIRSTVbung Man Prepared for Wedding andDid Not Worry About theGirl.Cleveland, O. Here's a young manwho believes in the efficacy of preparedness, j tHWith his young wife he appearedrecently before Frank M. Kenney,chief clerk of local board No. 7 atCentral armory."When did you buy the ring?" Mr.Kenney asked.There was some discrepancy between the answers of the bride andthe bridegroom and the clerk pressedfor an explanation."Well, I'll tell you the truth," theman replied. "Some years ago I boughta watch on the installment plan andwhen it was paid' for I thought theIdea was a pretty good one. I figuredto myself that some day I might wantto get married, and thought it wouldn'tbe a bad idea to get the ring on thesame plan.""You mean you got the ring andkept it in your pocket until the rightgirl happened along?" Mr. Kenney inquired. "That's just it, mister," the youth replied, unabashed. "This is the rightgirl, and we's just got married."WAN TOO HEAVY FOR NAVYRecruiting Officer Says Uncle SamHasn't Suit Big Enough forKansan.Salina, Kan. -"I want to fight," declared V. C. Emick, twenty-one, ofMiltonvale, at the local naval recruiting office. A recruiting officer gavehim the "once over," put him througha series of paces and then said:"There is nothing doing here. Thereisn't a sailor suit in Uncle Sam's navythat would fit you."JEmick walked out of the office adisappointed man. He weighs 275pounds and was recently registeredunder the new draft law.Find Indian Skeletons.Martins Ferry, O. While stripping, coaL at the Beech Flats Coal companymine at Rush Run, above this .city,1 workmen unearthed the skeleton's ofthree Indians. The skeletons arein agood state of preservation;- ThVteeth, are perfect and white as ivory? ! vpf . vvvBBBBBBBBSESBIBBBBxT?USE SHAKES IN WARCalifornia Man Has Scheme toOff Huns.4"Lonesome Jack" Says Side WindersWould Exterminate' WholeBoche Army.Los Angeles, Cal. "Lonesome Jack"Allman king of all. rattlesnake catchers, offers to gather 10,000 side windersor hornet rattlesnakes if the government will let him, dump them intotrenches vacated to the Germans bythe Americans and let the snakes dothe rest. The side winder is a deathdealer extarordinary, strikes., threetimes as fast as any other rattler, and,unlike others, does not act on the heartbut paralyzes the nerves within 20minutes.Allman would have no trouble ingathering them in Arizona and the Imperial valley, he says. The GermansIf they possessed such a deadly weapon would not hesitate to use it, Allmanbelieves."The beauty of my idea is that therattler can live five or six months incaptivity without either food or waterand they will be just as effective during that time," says Allman. "I havean antidote for rattlesnake bite thatcould be supplied to anyone that handles them, but the Germans wouldnot know what stung them."My Idea would be to catch themand then soak their tails in warm water. Then the shell that rattles andgives warning could be removed without injury to the snake. Their fangsare so sharp that unless the warning isgiven with the rattles a person wouldhardly know what bit him. Side winders range in size from four to twelvefeet.MARINE SOUNDS GAS ALARMr JBack home, a gong similar to thiswas sounded when old man Zeke'sbarn was afire. In the battle zone it'squite a different occasion. This American marine is sounding the alarm sothat our boys may be prepared to meetthe poisonous gas attack being launched by the Germans by putting on theirgas masks, which the marine has already done.SAYS FUSSING IS HUMANBrooklyn Court Rules It Does NotConstitute Cruel and Inhuman Treatment.Brooklyn, N. Y. Squabbles, wordyaltercations, unkind and exasperatingor even insulting words used in theheat of passion aroused by bickeringsdo not constitute cruel and inhumantreatment, according to a recent divorce case decision by the appellatedivision. The court added:"Unfortunately for our weak nature, these things constitute conductwhich renders it unsafe or improperto live together."Testimony went to show that thewife, who sought divorce and alimony,objected to the presence of a stepsonand chased the male members of thefamily from the house."In these squabbles she (the plaintiff) seems to have been able to holdher own," said the court. "We do notthink any law requires a domesticexile to support a wife while livingapart from her own family."ELOPERS BEAT OUT FATHERYoung Georgia Couple Run Off in BigAutomobile and AreMarried.-Nashville, Ga. Foster Monk andMiss Maurine Moore of Douglas, Ga.,were married here at midnight recently, after a sensational automobile racefrom Douglas.Monk and his bride-to-be left Douglas ostensibly for a ride in Monk's"big six."Shortly after .their departure thefather of the young woman becamesuspicious. The father and a twinsister of the bride brought an eightcylinder car into play, giving chase.Cupid was the first to make the homestretch."Daddy, you are too late we aremarried," was the daugtter's greetingas the father, camo up.The father accepted the situatiori,extended his blessing and congratulated the bridegroom oa.hi skill ;aa. avlLlrJ' wv.FUNERAL DIRECTOR IIMptor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137;INIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris KUheSendleton Shop135 MAST MAIN ST., OPJP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSp m " J' SspMobilizing a Nation'sFighting StrengthGreat military cities have sprung up all overthe land; and linking these training camps, aviation fields, coast defenses, naval stations and evenmost remote points where our forces are gathering, is the Universal Bell Telephone system linking each with the other and all with the departments at Washington.Upon the declaration of war the Bell systemwas placed unreservedly at the disposal of thegovernment, whose already enormous demandsfor telephone service are continually increasing;Likewise, unprecedented are the service requkementg of private business, which necessarily mustbe subordinated in times of emergency.So far as the local service is concerned we arenot only unable to increase our revenue by accepting a yolurne of new business, but we arein the awkward position of seeing our servicepuffer arid our present patrons inconvenienced.3?he delays and conveniences due to the congestion are more embarrassing to us than to thepublic.Any, sacrifice we may make is accepted cheerfully and if our difficulties are reflected in yourtelephone service, we ask that you bear this inmind.The patriotic American public can co-operateoiost effectively with the government by discouraging unnecessary use of the telephone.iCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TTELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Fhone 40iTHE PEOPLE AND WAR TAXES.More than $3,500,000,000 has heencollected in internal revenue'' taxes,including income and excess-profitsvtaxes, for the fiscal year. This exceeds byover $100;0,00,000 the estimates made a few months ago, andibyim waj- mz ::I'AIXvHATS1(T wm ?TT fi52gsL!jiwmSJ2Cwimay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1692over $200,000,00 the estimates madea year ago when the revenue measures were passed by Congress.The success in collecting this largerevenue is attributed by the TreasuryDepartment to the patriotism andco-operation of the American peoplein promptly and cheerfully meeting,the war 'burdens imposed "upon themvHSI$AFRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1918-j -J "; : " ' - - "f tpp"' wjsifis jgrr.Tpigs iwapw.NgOTS AND TURKS COME TOPARTING OF WAYSLONDON, Aug. 1. "The relations beaween Germany a-nd Turkeyiave been severed, according to direct information from Constantinople." This announcement is made by theCopenhagen correspondent oMhe Exchange Telegraph Company.The excitement against Germany,the advices further say, has beengrowing, particularly after lastweek's events.The Germans recently demandedthe cruiser Hamidieh, the only largeship in the possession of Turkey,as compensation for the Breslau,the former German cruiser, whichwas destroyed in the Dardanelleswhile under the Turkish flag.Despite Turkey's protest the Hamidieh has departed for Sebastopolwith the German flag flying.Advices from New York say littlehas been reported to amplify the Copenhagan dispatch to the effect thatTurkey and Germany have brokenoff relations.Amsterdam advices, however, Indicate that Turkey intends to pursuean aggressive policy in the Caucasusregion, the field supposedly set asidefor German exploitation.This may carry a measure of confirmation of the rumor that the quadruple alliance has broken over thedivision of spoils subsequent to thepeace treaties with Russia and Rumania. 15B fe PaCALOMEL ROBBED OFNAUSEA AND DANGERMedicinal Virtues Retained and Improved Unpleasant and Dangerous Qualities Removed New Variety Called "Calotabs."The latest triumph of medical science is a purified calomel, known as"Calotabs." The old-style calomel,as all doctors know, was the best andmost generally used of all medicines.The new variety, known as Calotabs,is purified and refined" froon all objectionable qualities, and is most delightful in effect.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime, a swallow of water that's all.No taste, no griping, no nausea, nodanger. Next morning you awakefeeling fine, with a clean liver, apurified system and a hearty appetite for breakfast. Eat what youplease. There is no restriction ofhabit or diet. Calotabs are sold onlyin original, sealed packages; pricethirty-five cents. Your druggist recommends Calotabs, and will refundyour money if you are not delightedwith them. (adv)MAILING YOURSELF MONEY.Everytime you stick a Thrift or"War Savings Stamp on your card jyou are mailing money to yourself toTe received later with interest. 1Cashing in these stamps will be bet-ter than "getting money from home," jfor with the money comes reminder !that you contributed to the great vie- itory .which then will have been copipletely won.Invented Duplex Telegraph.Dr. Wllhelm GInth of Austria in--jvented the duplex telegraph in 1853, jby which two messages were sent over jone wire, one message in each direc- jtion, at the same time. Carl Fischen,of Hanover Improved the system in1854, and Joseph B. Stearns of Bostonperfected it in 1872.Some men take so much tinie bragging about what they're going to dothat they never seem to get the timeto do it.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSWA RMap Free!SUNSET MAGAZINEincreases it rates to 20c percopy on news stands and$2.00 per yearly subscription, beginning withSeptember Issue, 1918.A LAST CHANCEto subscribe to SUNSETMagazine at the old priceo! $1.50 per year and receive aLarge Liberty War Hap ofthewestern BattleFramtThis remarkable offer ispen to all whose subscriptions will be received atthis office up to August 15,1918. . Subscribe before thisdate and save the price ofTWO THIIFT STAMPS"Kill two birds with tnestone" Help the Government and yaurielf.SUNSET1 MAGAZINESAN FIAlf CISCO-mw -rCALIF01N1Ai24Jul7-4t).WAR GARDENERSRESPOND TO CALLWill "Keep the Food Coming" asGeneral Pershing HasAsked.BIG INCREASE THIS YEARCentral West and Paclflo Coatt Especially Are Doing Well NationalCommission Offers Prizes forBest Home-Grown CahnttfVegetables.WashIngton.--The war jgardeners ofthe United States answered Pershing'scall to "Keep the Food Coming."There are, according to figures helogtabulated by the national war gardencommission, 4,000,000 war gardens inthe United States. These figures areIncomplete and the estimates weremade on reports received up to June15. This number indicates an increaseof 40 per cent over last year whenthere were 8,500,000 garden munitionplants at work. Figuring in the increased cost this year over last, further estimates will be made by thecommission both on the number of gardens and the estimated crop value."Taking these early figures intoconsideration," said Charles LathropPack, president of the commission, inmaking public the preliminary survey,"together with the increased canningdemonstration work being done by theUnited States department of agriculture in cities and towns, we feel safein saying the forecast of 1,500,000,000quarts In tin and glass of canned stuff,made by the department, will bereached."Big Prizes Are Offered.The report points to the early planting season this year, which, was madepossible by weather generally favorable throughout the country. To encourage saving the garden crop thenational war garden commission, whichplanted a 400-acre demonstration wargarden at Camp Dlx, N. J ia offering$10,000 to prizes for the best cannedvegetables grown in war gardens, withthe slogan 'Back up the cannon byuse of the canner."In nearly every section of the country there has been an appreciable andencouraging 'Increase in the number ofwar gardens thUT year, the commissionannounced. This has ranged anywherefrom 1Q to 60 per cent In the Easternportions there was a failure to notea gain on the early returns."The greatest percentage of increase," the commission's statementadds, "was made in the Central Western states and Pacific coast, takingany one section of the country as awhole. There an awakening has takenplace which revealed Itself in an enthusiastic, widespread drive to helphome food production. Of the totalnumber of war gardens in the UnitedStates, the preliminary reports showthat more than 2,000,000 of them2,276,000, to be exact were in theCentral Western territory. There wasa gain of fully 50 per cent over thewar garden activity of last year.Eastsrn States Lagging."The Eastern states, Including NewEngland, New York, Pennsylvania,New Jersey and Delaware, on thewhole showed little increase over lastyear. In certain parts of .all this territory there has been a better showing, and particularly has there beena greater activity among manufacturing concerns in providing land fortheir employees ; hut these gains havebeen counteracted to' a certain extentby less activity in other places ; so thatthe amount of food home-grown alongthe upper Atlantic coast this year willbe slightly if any greater than lastyear. Better cultivation in hundredsof cases may make up for what is lacking in numbers. In New York the parkdepartment alone reports 2,000 wargardens 26 by 40. The total numberof war gardens in this territory, asshown by the reports, is 848,000, ofwhich 737,000 are in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware."The South has made an excellentrecord, certain states in particularhaving made notable gains. IncludingTexas and Oklahoma, there are a totalof 1,246,000 war gardens in the Southern states this year, one-foarth of thenumber in the entire United States.California, Washington- and Oregonshow a total of 468.000 war .gardens.That the war gardeners intend to savea ..great part of tb e gnrtleiicnD Isshown in the 200 entries, received upto July 1 for the canning, con teats thatgarden clubs are organizing all' overthe country."REACTED BY NAVY; DRAFTEDIs Accepted fsr stylos In ArmyAttar Qualifying tPoatmaferCtCTaBls, Ore. Brnsst Chase; ruralmaU carrier, enlisted;' ,ln . tl navy.After his final physlcaf examinationhe wis dlm&srjed as Jbtipg physicallyunfit Than be $ot aJob as rural carrier' and inrsated 40 In a rla horseaad outfit After, wotsinf 20 days he'waf callsd in the military draft passedby tk tecal xamlninf board, and ordsrsd to camp.Ha rdpsa't')mow now whether toMil has rif and give ap his Job,' orwhether to take a "lay oM and trustio kaii rtjictsd by the army as sm ty ts svy.TANK CARPS CROWINGRecruits Arrive Daily at Gettysburg Camp.Long Hikes In Heavy Marching OrderFit, Men for Duty With Pershing's Army.Camp Colt, Gettysburg, Pa. TheAm'erican tank corps continues to growand develop. Becrults are still coming in and the men already here arebeing drilled to within an inch of theirlives. This is the preliminary discipline and the physical drill which willfit the men for the strenuous life of a"tanker" overseas. Twenty-mile hikesin heavy marching order are almostdaily occurrences.Although the work is hard, the menlike it They realize their need of thisheavy drill and exercise. 'Negotiating the gray eteei monsters over" NoMan's Land is distinctly not a job fora man whose muscles are not almostas hard as steel itself. And for anerstwhile civilian's muscles to becomesufficiently hardened takes time andtraining.The dally work, the fresh air, plen-ty of sleep and the excellent dally ra -tlons are doing wonders in producingas fine a bunch of real fighting men ascan be found anywhere. The officers'school will be continued indefinitely.As fast as men complete the prescribedcourse, others will take their places.From now on, all commissioned officers will, be selected from the ranks.The tank corps is a progressiveunit Every once in a while a battalion will disappear overnight boundfor "somewhere." Becrults -will filltheir places and the work of trainingwill move right along. New officers,tramed simultaneously with the men,will command the disappearing battalion. BEST SHOD FIGHTERSThe men stationed at Camp Sheiman will be among the best shod fighters in the entire world. An experimental test to find the average size andwidth of the shoes used and theamount of leather consumed showedthat by using a device known as theResco shoe-fitting device the shoes aremade more comfortable for the menand leather Is saved. Here is shownthe device being put to practical use.Each man wears two pairs of woolsocks when fitted for the shoes.SALUTES PHOTO OF PREMIERInstinctive Action of Officer RevsalsRespect of French forM. Clemeneeau.Paris. Little unconscious acts oftenreveal the real measure of the popularity of a great leader.In the photographer's showcase notfar from the fashionable Pare Monceau there Is among other pictures anexcellent almost life-size head of M.Clemeneeau. A young French officerwho was passing the shop the other Iday glanced casually at the showcase,Perceiving the picture of his chief heinstinctively raised his hand to a sa-lute and passed on unaware that hisspontaneous tribute had been observed,In the early days of the long-rangegun bombardment of Paris, says theMatin, it was stated that the shellswere made from a new type of steelalloyed with vanadium, which gave itexceptional properties. But analysishas shown that the shells are made ofordinary nickel and chrome steel, suchas is in current use for making gunsboth In France and Germany andwhose properties are well known.FAILS" TO LOCATE- BRAINSCorrespondence Course In Occult 8cl-ence of No Help toThis ManSan Francisco. Rushing up to Policeman J. Connell in -the city hall,Sam Sanko announced" with hectictones that some unprincipled thief hadgone and stolen his brains. Sanko,who is an Austrian, declared that therobbery had taken place four yearsago and that he had taken a correspondence course In occult science inthe hope of regaining the missingparts, but of no avail. Policeman Connell concluded that' Sanko -had diss;-;,nosed his own case very well, andjwescorted him to the detention hasnitaL ZZ.-z-- . niflMSlbSSm sssawInBBBv vSbBBBBvBhsVBBBST"r I1sbbjbbbsviBBBBBBBBBBSW BBBSMMVSBBBBBBBBBBm IwPa'BBSBBBSBBBBBSbw CtsifBBBrSBBST'cBB5SaS3HBBBBBBBBBBB9CZECHS MlYMUST WIN OR DIEFighting Against Austria; TheirCapture Means Nothingbut Execution.WON'T LEAVE THEIR DEADAll Fallen Comrades Carried From theneld These, Valorous WarriorsSelect Their Own Officers andEliminate Weak and Unfit(Special Correspondence of Italian American News Bureau.)Italian Front The Slav soldiers inthe. Italian army elect their own superiors by the most rigid tests, andt thus they are representative of themanhood of their nationalities. TheItalian soldiery and people have takenkindly to them.The first of the proofs of valor theygave are admirable, although limitedto modest operations in exploring and! raiding. Whether by themselves orwith Italian troops, these Czech-Slovaks,arriving from beyond the ocean,have kept up the fire of patriotism andthe ardor to fight, and have foughtwell.The repatriates of the Czecho-Slovaklarmy have been saluted already withbrotherly love by the population In thezone of war, especially by the ancientInhabitants of the Veneto, who havethe most recent and liveliest recollection of oppression and the convulsivestruggle for redemption.The women of Verona offered them abattle flag In the Bohemian colors, surmounted by a lion. The soldiers recognized the sanctity of the gift andswore an oath that they would die for.that emblem of liberty. The expression was not rhetorical and the oathsuperfluous.Are Killed If Captured." The fate that awaits these new warriors for the ideals of a far-off andoppressed country is shown by the inflexible military rules of the Austrianempire. They are all subjects of theEmperor Carl and as such death is theonly thing In store for them If captured. Their word Is for that reason sacred.Neither alive nor dead must they fallinto the hands of the enemy. Even thedead must be snatched from the oppressor. Each one has sworn to carryoff to the Italian lines- the body of acompatriot killed In action.Recently, during a reconnaissance,a- 'Bohemian jfell close to the enemylines. Braving a hot fire, the explorershurried to carry him off, fearing that Jin a night sortie the Austrlans mightget the body.These "soldiers of death" know thatIf an operation falls of success theymust kill themselves. To the ignominious o)eath inflicted by the enemythey prefer suicide. Whether throughdeath by the enemy or through theirown hands, they have consecrated theirlives to the distant fatherland, fromwhich they have come to fight In thegreatest cradle of all liberty and allIdeals Italy. . , vEliminate Weak and UnfitBorne, the ancient lighthouse of civility and of liberty, has substitutedthese new companions in arms forthose of Russia. hese warriors forthe freedom of their country havefound In the ranks of our own combatants fraternity and sturdy faith. Thisfraternity, more' than common idealsfor the redemption of their respectivecountries, is cemented by the knowledge and vision of the real difficultiesand the resolution and firmness ofpurpose of the new combatants. Fromtheir own ranks on a spontaneous votethey have eliminated all about, whosemilitary vigor or, enthusiasm therecould be any doubt so that the recruitsrepresent the flower of the soldiery ofthe oppressed nationalities. Drawnfrom the same country, speaking thesame tongue, in the dally intimacy oftheir new military life, they have subjected each other to voluntary but inflexible tests. The results are confidedonly to their officers.. "Titus does not please me. He wouldnot make a good corporal. We do notwant him," they say. Thus, out of theancient "military system of Austria. snrinea elements of criticism which ex-iude the weak and unfit The officersmust heed these verdicts, which, likeall collective judgments, arise from afull consensus of the judges.Elect Own Officers.The examination of the politicalopinion 'is ;not less exacting for beingcarried out by fellow soldiers. A Csech, recruit who spoke his mother tonguej well was challenged, vby his .compatriots. "He 'speaks our language well,; but his heart is not Czech," they said.j It was learned that during protractedI business transactions In Vienna he hadi lost the fierceness and .the intrepidityj of the Bohemian, character through' dally contact with the Austrian authorities, t . r() , , , , ,This control lias .been fraught withexcellent results. Those who haver survived the tests of the assembled judgeshave furnished the best war material- and proved themselves dependable Inmilitary and, moral affairs. "I The officers are also elected by thesoldiers, who trust 'their .leaders withHind faith, rand five them the mostrigid obedience and discipline. Suchj discipline the new soldiers of liberty. are taught by their remembrance ofimperial oppression, to hold ssasnttalto the artoaph of their camsIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELBSSLET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them Ito you.LOWRY&MAYHELP WIN THE WARSSpend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. YEATCH. W. H. CANNON,District ManagerBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh StreetIIIt'isiLve' - --f)S5-1IJJUtf g4y MffipSyy i'sm'a cair pJ5? - VmThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris,: ' :Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing your girder. Call usover Home1 Phibhe 399.KANESend That Nxt Job of Printing to TfcBourbon News. Bt Worlq Rl gfit PrictfcFTONACEMiVPWQGitLocal Manager.SATISFACT! ONAim 117 i TunrAnnij UUIV YYA1VUVYUIVUI- J With all the latest improve-m ments in laundry appliancesand exriert hemers we arej prepared to do work inferior to none, ana solicitvonr natronacre.1 " - "KentuckyT r O ""T .f rtyBROS:!IKI-IImI1lKIlIJftfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.;--7!f W'l ' -. m yFRIDAY, ATJGUaT 2, lflgj. -.A.MHIIIIIMIMlHIHi4f4MHlinHIHlllllllilllComingAttractionsTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOJlmSAIf $T ! J-!.' A:-! rOllThe J. T.i Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.ar :U ''flP .Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nlsht : . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourlimousine Invalid Coach.J-learse used for funeral purposes only.'i' atrr-'tifc-JV ''.4Jh.--.--.. i HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 f ! H'HHFriday,. August 2ndLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax. --'LINA CAVALERI- - IN :- ; :"Love's Conquest"The most famous-, prima donna in theworld, in a vivid story of love, and thrills.ALSO'Under the Stars and Stripes in France'First official pictures of our boys at workand at play with the soldiers of France.Saturday, August 3rdWilliam Fox PresentsGLADYS BROCKWELLIN"The Devil's Wheel"A drama of high sociaf life and of theApache class in France.Monday, August 5thMARY PICFORDINAlso a Fox Film Comedy"A BATH-HOUSE TANGLE"' HowCould You, Jean?'This is an ideal subject for this popularyoung actress; and will prove a source ofaengnt to au ner admirers.' Also a Sunset Comedy"LOVE LOOPS THE LOOP"with Charles Murray, Wayland Trask andMary Thurman.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.day afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. W. SE.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Paris Cejmetery.The pall-bearers were Collins Hall,Robert Hall, James Rowland, KellerLarkin, Adrain Flanders, NorbertFriedman.. -RELIGIOUS.!.. MILLERSBURG ! DEATHS:mm - .Ir. R. C. Borner was in Cin""cinjiati and Falmouth, Saturday andSunday.Mrs. Marion Garrett, of Pensa- Iicola, Fla., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wednesday afternoon, at 2:30MATHERS.The funeral 'of Mrs. MastinMathers, aged about sixty-eight, washeld at- the family hqme in Carlisle,- -2E. P. .Thomasson.Miss Alberta Maffott left Thurs--5ay for a visit to Miss GrettaClarke, 2X Brooksville.JSey. ."W. 0. Shoemaker, of Albion,3E.,-w(ll fin the pulpit at the Presbyterian church Sunday.Dr.. and Mrs. W. M. Miller wrequests! of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Renick,'in'liexin.gton, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpetiter"" JeEtWednesday for a two weeks' sojourn; at Dawson Springs."Mr. W. D. Mclntyre and familywfll return to-day after a week's so-ZymtZL't Crab Orchard Springs.- Postmaster James B. Cray at-fcenSed the funeral of Mr. Joseph.Wallon,. in Lexington, yesterday.Elder C. 0. Cossaboom and fam-'y, vi Morgan, arrived Monday asquests of Mr. D. K. Burroughs and-family. ...,-r-rMiss,, Judith Beeding, .of Lex--finijton,. ds,..tlie guest- of hersisters,J :Mesdajnes M. D. Hurst ani S.H.TjSnflicptJt. . ,3be .annual meeting of theSJurst HJome Insurance Company willF 2be held, at the Hurst Home officejnxt Wednesday.Mrs. E. Ammerman has returnedio Jier home in Lebanon, after a visitsto Mrs. Laura Layson and Mr. and."tMis. D. E... Clarke.blisses Mattie and Sallie . Mcln';,yre will return to-day after a two- - vrks visit to their sister, Mrs. C.X.'sW. Howard, at Lexington.- - -Mxs. Ella Norvell and daugh-n tfeT.IIfilss Lucy Norvell, have return--r?el to Carlisle from a visit to Mis3'Jfcnnie Wood and Mrs. A. W. Young.-Mrs. Elizabeth Miller is in re--oelt-of a postcard from her son,""vlaeut. J. W. Miller, who recentlyi sailed for France, to the effect thatR?"lueihjwt landed safely and was all? ' -right,' ,- . -AHJTOS FOR SALE. New Brisco"sna Page Automobile and one second-" . 3iand Chevrolet in good order. Ap-jly at Oakland Garage, corner Fourthrsand High streets.- (2-tf ) F. P. WHITE.- Mr. A. H. Sjniedley will leave toclay for a visit to his sister, Mrs. H."P.. .Forester, at Chicago, 111. Mrs.Forester, who has been in Kentuckyr'tifor several weeks visiting, will ac-company liim home.The following young people- -constitute an outingo'clock, with services conducted byRev. Crouch, pastor of the CarlisleMethodist church. The burial followed on the family lot in the Carlisle Cemetery. Mrs. Mathers diedat her home in Carlisle, Monday, after -a. protracted illness due toBright'a disease.' Ynil Mathers was the wife of JVIr.Willis Mathers, a prominent businessman Of Carlisle, and former countyofnbiai oi Nicholas county, and awoman of intellectual attainmentsarid very highly esteemed in her comniuhity She was the mother of Dr.Ha'rr'E. Mathers, of Paris, who wasatr her" bedside when the end came.Besides her husband, Mr. WiilisMathers, and son, Dr. Harry Mathers, she is survived by another son,Mr. Albert Mathers, of Pittsburg,Pa.GUILFOYLE.-The funeral of' Mrs. Rosa Guilfoyle, aged sixty-seven, who died atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. P.L. Burke, on Winchester street.Wednesday morning, of the inflrjmities of age, will be held at the Catholic church, at nine o'clock thismorning. Services will be conductedby Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn.The interment will follow on thefamily lot in the Catholic Cemetery.Mrs. Guilfoyle was a native ofIreland, and came to this countrywhen qijite a young woman. Formany years she and her husbandwere in charge of the Catholic Cemetery. After his death she movedinto Paris, and had lately made herhome with her daughter, Mrs. Burke.She was a woman of kindly i,mpulses,and had a large circle of friends, whowill sincerely mourn her demise.Mrs. Guilfoyle is survived by foursons, Joseph and Edward Guilfoyle,of Dayton, O.; Michael Guilfoyle, ofParis, and Thomas Guilfoyle, now inan army camp in the service of theUnited States; two daughters, Mrs.PL. Burke, of Winchester street,and Mrs. Julia Jordan, off Harmonavenue. 13he is also survived by fourgrandchildren, Miss Rosa Jordan,Miss Mary Jordan, Lawrence Jordan.and Edward Burke, Jr.KJfc.l-The Mission Circle of the ParisChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors next Tuesdayr afternoon at three o'clock. The Circlewill meet in the Red Cross sewingroojms next Thursday.The Endeavor Society of the Christian church will meet in the churchparlors at the usual hour,r.6:30o'clock, Sunday evening. The subject will be "All For Christ H-OurAmbitions." Leader, Mr. MauriceClarke.Two more names .have been added to the honor roll of the ParisChristian church. Mr. Rene Clarkand Mr. Wayne Cottingham, bQth ofParis, have volunteered recently inthe service, the former in the navyand the latter in the army. Mr."Cottingham has been a resident ofLexington ior the past two years,but retains his membership in thelocal church.A call has been sent out by theFederal Council of the Churches ofChrist in America and the GeneralWartime Commission of the churchesto all the churches, Protestant-, andCatholic, of the United States, asking them to observe Sunday, August"A, the opening Sunday of theJifthyear of the war, as a tijme for., emphasizing the moral and religious interests involved in the world war.All the churches and pastors are asked to observe the day in accordancewith the spirit of the call. imm BBB fB lBNEW BRAND OF GERMAN.pioPAGANDA TURNS UP.maintained. In a survey recentlycompleted by the Goodrich NationalTouring Bureau it was found that itis possible to build roads which willstand up under the heaviest motbrtraffic. Such roads exist to-day andhave for several years in the Stateof Connecticut.Connecticut has furnished the example for the rest of the States. Shenot only has excellent highwaysthroughout the State, but has carriedher rockwork right to the Statelines of adjoining States, instead ofstopping the work at the last important town, as is the unfortunatemethod in many States. She hasgiven the lie to the insidious reportsthat trucks destroy highways. Connecticut says that the right kind ofroads, properly maintained, willwithstand the hardest truck "traffic.More than that, she has adopted thepolicy of removing snow from herhighways in the winter, so that shegets the use of them" for twelvemonths of the year.to to toNEW AUTOS SOLD.THE UNIVERSITY 0E E31NTUCKY.TRAINS WOMEN IN DRAFTINGThe C. S. Ball Garage, of this city,made the following sales this weekof Buick autos to Paris and Bourbon county people: John Woodford,seven-passenger; Lou Taylor, sevenpassenger; Sol Redmon, five-passenger,Noah Gray, five-passenger; MissGrace Hargis, flve-passenger; TollieYoung, flve-passenger; Rev. GeorgeR. Combs, flve-passenger.On account of the urgent need fordraftsmen in the large industrialplants of the United States, becauseof the large number of men fillingthese positions answering the call tothe colors, the course in drafting forwomen at the University of Kentuckywill be made continuous, it has beenannounced at Lexington.A young woman may enter thethree months'" course at any time,and if. she has shown proficiency willbe given a position at once. Thedraftsman course is thought to offerthe best opportunity of any workopen to women. It is pointed out bythose in charge of the course that itnot only fits them to fill a man'splace, but it gives them an opportunity to get into work that is elevating and throw them in contact withthe best workers. Twenty youngwomen -who entered the first draftsman class will complete their workon September 17,and already, theCollege of Mechanical and ElectricalEngineering has received more requests than there are mejmbers ofthe class.The valuation department of theIllinois Central Railroad has sent ina request for women who have takenthe draftsman course; the WesternElectric Company has asked for ten,and the American Socety of Mechanical Engineers, at whose request thecourse was instituted at the University, has agreed to place twenty.These positions pay from ?75to$100a month to start.FOOD ADMINISTRATION MAKESANOTHER SLIGHT CONCESSIONAnother step toward partial resumption by the nation of its oldhabit of eating has been taken bythe Food Adminstration in releasinghousewives from voluntary pledgesto curtail the consupiption of wheat.This follows closely the release ofhotels, restaurants, clubs and diningcar services from their privileges,becoming effective yesterday., No change has been made, theFood Administration announced, inthe half-and-half rule, and purchasing of wheat flour will require thepurchase of an equal weight ofwheat substitutes. Bakers still arerequired to make "victory" bread,containing at least 2 5 per cent wheatsubstitutes. Coming in of the newwheat crop has made it possible forthe release of the voluntary wheatsavings, the food administration said.a Ea toPrison life is said to be injuringFranz" Rintelen's health. It's too badabout him.If it wasn't for the other fellow'slot, mostof us would be more satisfled with ours.to to totJust bear in mind that when yourconversation is worth listening toyou will always have an' audience.propa-BURLEY.''Roy King Burley, aged fourteen,party now hav-' son of Mr Arthur Burley, residingMnga good time at Boonsboro:TT VOttsses" Martha Smith, Margaret Allen,Aleta Wilson, Lucia and McLona-'.Butler; Messrs. J. T. Adair, H. C.-'Ourrent, Capt. Salmon, Millersburg;."-'-George McMurtry, Cynthiana, and;31ay Sutherland, Paris; chaperone,3rs. R. L. Wilson.Millersburg was visited by a se--- "ere thunderstorm Monday aboutV :-5z p.'m. The Presbyterian church-fras struck by lightning. The dam-:&ge, however, was slight, a part of- -the. cornice was torn to splinters, andi'a. 'wlfick from one of the walls.part or "the electric light fixturesin tke homes of Dr. H. M. Boxleylnd Dr. C. B. "Smith were also'truck. " However, the building wasot injured..SEVEN UE ASSIGNMENTS.ITke following assignments in thereveaue service for the' month ofAugust have been made for Bourbon"- ramty by the Collector of InternalRyeaue for the Seventh KentuckrDistrict:jTp 77 -Julius Kessler Co., Paris:" A.-"1 Losam-storekeef er-guagerS4kr? WF. Cfbfhim, Uiitlonal.on Eighth street, died at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, Tuesday night, from the after-effects ofan operation performed for appendicitis. Young Burley had been ill buta few days, and was taken, to theHospital after symptoms of appendicitis "manifested themselves'. The operation was deemed necessary, andwas performed early last Friday afternoon. The patient stood the ordealvery bravely and was thought to bedoing well until late Tuesday afternoon, when a relapse set in, fromwhich he did not rally, death ensuingin the night.Young Burley had been for a longtime on the carrier force of THENEWS and .the Lexington Herald,and faithfully served a large numberof' patrons over an extended territory. He was a member of the BoyScouts and. the Liberty Drum and-1Bugle ..Corps, and was highly regarded by his comrades. He is survivedby his father, Mr Arthur Burley,one sister, Miss Emma Louise Burley, and his grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Wr W. Burley, who now residein Wyandotte, Mich.Thetunerkr was, "eld rifrom theresidence onx Eighth street; --yester-;A new brand of Germanganda has come to light.It is directed against the automobile industry. A number of alarming and malicious stories havebroken loose simultaneously in adozen or more of the large cities.The purpose of all of them has beenthe sajme, and that is to alarm themotoring public as to the future ofthe motor car.One story that has been industriously circulated was that there wouldbe serious shortage of tires as a result of the embargo on crude rubber. That this report is unfoundedis proved by the following information offered "by the B. F. GoodrichRubber Company, backed up byGreat Britain. Uncle Sam haspromised the rubber trade in America100,000 tons of "overseas" rubberthis year. Last year American manufacturers used 57,000 tons above100,000. It is estimited the re-,serve stock on hand in America, thefirst of the year amounted to- 80,-000 tons, so added to the 100,000tons guaranteed her, America is really better fixed now than last year.Another Hun lie was to the effectthat, beginning July 1, to save-gasolinethe Government would orderthe discontinuance of passenger carson Sunday for a period of twelvecontinuous Sundays. There .is noshortage of -gasoline yet in thiscountry, and .the Government jso faras we know is not contemplating anyaction of an alarming nature-alongthis line.Probably the most harmful propaganda now in circulation is: 'JKeepthe heavy trucks off the highways;they are destroying them." . Thisstory spread so quickly and sowjldely in one Eastern State that theState Legislature actually almostpassed a fclaw forbidding -heavytrucks on its highways, andjprobibly would have done so but for thevigilance of motor truck owners.To say that roads are bad becausemotor trucks have T)een passing overthem is simply a confession that -theroads are not properly" built and1 . - v.Tomorrow, Saturday, the Greatest Day of OurShoe ClearanceSale!1 Jp 4r fcL-1High Grade Men's, Women's andChildren's Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps-ON CLEAIM-SWEEP SALEFOLLOW THE CROWDSand take advantage of this great opportunity. ENTIRESTOCK AT PRICES LESS THAN PRESENT WHOLESALECOST.Ladies ' MahoganyCol. Pumps, Louis Heel, Welts,$4.50 values at..Tan2.99Ladies' Patent and DullKid Pumps, Louisiand Low Heels,$4.00 values at. J1I1U JJU11$2.49Ladies' highest quality and mostbeautiful Grey, Mahogany, TanvWhite and Black Boots, Oxfordsand Pumps, Walk-Over andother famous makes, atCLEARANCE SALE PRICES.Ladies' Kid Colonette Pumps, H.&M., and High Boots, Louis and lowheel, Turn, $5.00 values at$3.95Ladies' Dull and Pat. Kid Bootsand Pumps, broken sizes," $3.50and $4.00 values at'$1.49Ladies' White Canvas Pumpsand High Boots, Louis and lowheel, $3.00 values at1.991.00Ladies White Canvas Oxfords, Low andCub. heels, $2.00values, atMen's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best makesfall sizes, $4.00values, atJZ,MMen's Tan and G. M. EnglishShoes, Walk-Over, all sizes, $4.50values at$3.49Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes andOxfords, $3.00 values at$1.99Men's, Boys', Misses' and Children's jaWhite Tennis Oxfords, 75c values, at "CChildren's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at . .z99cDAN COHENParis9 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reif ni!,V&I- . ' ' ,. - iA- Ai&ir;1 4flT-v.- -u. i-!