's. Mf&. - - '4- - 'll't ' r ' t-.'.i'i-1 - -7 r T t- - .-p,- u -i r1THEw?- -NEWS-i P09 -"55liKAi -- -5fi .Trj"s4,- 1ftr-K 41. J ' 7,'Tir " 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.'XfVOLUMEJXXXVNPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1918k&Sfe--V . t . ijf Jli ,. ., .4-'-- '- ...I utrsw "" " ""SSSnfeSBwWBOURBON-.T? ,T?HGINDuring the Chautauqua held inParis recently one Capt. RichmondPearson Hobson, defeated politicianand alleged "hero," delivered an address purporting to be on the subject of "American Ideal," but whichwas really a cheap bid for notoriety,and an attack on President Wilsonand his war policies. Because of itsprohibition tendency the Captain'stirade was lauded by many, but because of its objectionable feature,such as criticism of the Presidentand the Administration motives, andthe conduct of the war, the majorityof the people disapproved of Hobson's utterances.The country press has not beenunsparing in its criticism of thespeech. The Pendleton Leader, published at Falmouth, where Hobsoncontinued to unburden his loadof. spleen, takes him to task in aneditorial, extracts from which follow:"Captain Hobson was a perfectlygood naval officer that about coversthe record of his usefulness."Why, oh, why, are men of theHobson type permitted to -go about Jthe country criticizing the Presidentand his administration?"We can now easily understand-why Hobson was defeated in his lastSenatorial compaign."'A few more men like Hobsonturned loose throughout the countrywill do more real harm to the honestprohibition cause "than all the saloonmen put together."If Captain Hobson was really asgood a naval officer as we have beenled to believe, it seems to us that hewould be of much more value to hiscountry on board a ship at this timethan a 2x4 Chautauqua circuit"If Captain Hobson had made thatspeech he pulled off in Falmouth toAdmiral Cevera and his crew whenlie was taken prisoner down in Santiago Harbor, its dollars to doughnuts that he would have been madeto 'walk the plank' next morning atsunrise providing he got up thatearly."The newspapers of the countryhave freely contributed hundreds ofthousands of dollars worth of spacein an educational and patriotic drivein an endeavor to bring the peopleto an understanding and realizationo the seriousness of the present situation and to keep the populationkeyed up to a high state of patrioticconfidence in our President and hisadministration. Just why a damphoollike Hobson is allowed to tour thecountry witih a hammer in eachliand, trying to undo this good work,is something we cant understand."We'll dare Hobson to make thatspeech in Covington!"GREAT LAKES BAND TO BE HERESURE FRIDAY.Through the hustling abilities ofRudolph Davis arrangements havebeen made definitely for the comingliere on next Friday of the Dixie Detachment of the Great Lakes NavalTraining Station Band, which is"touring Central Kentucky. Theband is being sent out by the Government for thepurpose of stimulating interest In enlistments for theUnited States Navy.The members of the band will arrive in Paris on the date selected andwill be guests of the citizens of Parisand the county. They will be entertained at the Crosdale Hotel. In theafternoon they will give a paradethrough the streets of Paris, and atnight a two hour concert will begiven on the plaza in front of thecourt house, beginning at eighto'clock.The band is composed of thirtyeight skilled musicians, picked especially for the trip by BandmasterLieut. John Philip Sousa, and beingunder the leadership of BandmasterS. M. Smith. As Paris is one of thefew cities in this section to be honored with a visit from this band itis to be hoped our citizens will makea good turnout, and give them a royalreception and welcome, especially inview of their patriotic mission.Unless there is something intervening the band will positively cometo Paris on the morning of next Friday, and carry out the program asoutlined above.MM Ml llL mi MMMMMCUT FLOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for .cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesnd for any other occasion where cutflowers are used. . ,(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.DON'T FEED WHEAT TO STOCKCounty Food Administrator Lawrence Mitchell has received noticefrom the Government authorities toinstruct the farmers and stockmen ofthis county that they must not feedwheat to live stuck. The order isimperative, because of the necessityfor food conservation forv the Amer- Jlean and'Allied armies, mnd for theuse of the soldiers in 'fife" arm'and'navy camps in this .CDUilrj-. "PEOPLE NOT "UNANIMOUS"PRAISE OF HOBSON.BOAftD OF AGRICULTURAL CONTROL FOR BOURBON COUNTYThe Extension Department of theCollege of Agriculture of KentuckyUniversity has directed the FederalCounty Agent of Bourbon County, L.S. Robbins, to appoint an Agricultural Board of Control for Bourboncounty, to co-operate with the Council of National Defense of the countyand with the College of Agricultureand the United State's' Department ofAgriculture in the many war emergency agricultural problems that areconfronting the country, State andNation at this time.The Department of Agriculturehas done a great work the past yearin meeting the emergencies thathave arisen, and, in order to maketheir forces complete, Boards of' Agricultural Control for every county,consisting of partriotic business men,who are willing to give their timeto the consideration of the county'sagricultural welfare, are being, orhave been appointed all over "theUnited States. After having conferred with County Food AdministratorLawrence Mitchell, Mr. Bobbins willrequest the following' business menand farmers of Bourbon county totake a membership in this Board,with prospect of a few more to be added later:Judge George Batterton.Will Mclntyre.John T. Collins.Henry Caywood. -' -Walter Meng.-9Ford Brent.Ed. Burke. ' . . , iSam Clay. ' 'Ray Burris.Roger Burris.Forrest Letton.Robert Drennan.James H. Thompson. :Jas. B. Caldwell.John Morrow.John Woodford.John Willie Jones.A. B. Hancock.L..p. Mitchell.Woodford Buckner.A Sheep Breeders' Association forI the lopunty will be organized throughthe councils of this committee for thepurpose of increasing the wool cropof Bourbon county, and also an extensive campaign for increasing theaverage and yield per acre of theISWwlreat crop. These problemswill come up at the first' meeting ofthe committee in about ten days., E3 ?Mt leaSNEAK THIEVES AT WORK.While Dr. and Mrs. Elmer Swetnam, of Centerville, were in Lexington, on a business trip, last week, anunknown dope field forced an entrance into Dr. Swetnam's office, andmade away with a quantity of morphine and other narcotics. Upon discovering the loss, Dr. Swetnam -notifiedthe county authorities, but, asthe thief left no clue, they have beenunable to trace or apprehend themarauder.Saturday night the home of Mr.and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, on theGeorgetown pike, near Paris, wasvisited by burglars,-who were fortunately frightened away before securing anything of value. Capt. E.V. Milliken and his bloodhouns weresent for from Lexington, but afterseveral hours work following trailscould not add' much toward apprehending the burglars.While-operating in the same vicintiy thieves entered the residence ofMr. 'Volney W. Ferguson, Sundaynight. . They -secured a gold watch,$5 in gold, a gold pin and a goldhandled pocket knife. Entrance waseffected by "jimmying" a window.No clue.teM ft 15 .STATE TAX COMMISSION PASSESON VALUATIONS.The State Tax. Commission has tentatively assessed practically all thecorporations, and a score besides 'therailroad have been given their finalassessments.The ruling of the United States Supreme Court requiring the equalization of corporation assessments at 60per cent, of their fair cash value, likeother property, compelled a reductionin many instances. The board hasraised farm property to 75 per cent,and the valuation was applied to corporations, which in most instanceshave been assessed at about 80 percent.In the final assessments the ParisWater Co. is listed, at '$60,000, andthe Paris Gas & Electric Co. at ?146,111. Aslarge increase, was made onmany Central Kentucky corporations.m m jTHE LOUISVILLE, & NASHVILLE. DOUBLE TRACKING L. & E.It is generally reported that theLouisville and 'Nashville, railroadplans the double " tracking, of theEastern Kentucky .branch betweenRavenna and McRotierls to "facilitatethe rapidly increasing heavy coal tonnage of this 'section. It is expected,.that the new work will oe startedwithin the next few months, uwmgto the rapid' strides being madethroughout the' whole of the coalfields. l has. beenk'nbwn Spr; a .longtinretnai xne aouuie tru.ius wj, lu.?roan was, imperative.flGERMAN-U-BOATS PAY SECONDVISIT TO COAST.A German submarine Sunday attacked a tug and tow of barges justoff Cape 'Cod, sank three of thebarges, set a fourth and the tug onfire and bombarded the mainland.The attack, which lasted an hour,was interrupted only once, when airplanes sent out from the coastswooped around the submarine. Itsubmerged, expecting an attack, butrose and continued shelling the vessels. Several persons on board wereinjured, one, an Austrian, severely.A number of women and childrenaboard escaped injury.Germany has began a campaign offrightfulness against the UnitedStates, Washington officials declared,Monday, following the announcementof the sinking of three barges offCape Cod. The craft were given nowarning whatsoever and those onboard managed to escape chieflythrough the poor markmanship ofthe U-Boat's gunners. Heretoforesubmarines on this side of the Atlantic have allowed civilians onpeaceful vessels to man their lifeboats. The Navy Department announcedyesterday that three men are knownto be dead, forty-seven are missingand twelve are unaccounted for a&the result of the sinking of the United States cruiser San Diego last Friday off the Long Island Coast. Themen unaccounted for are believed tohave been on leave.NEW COAL ORDERS.Mr. James H. Thompson, BourbonCounty Fuel Administrator, has received orders from State Fuel Administrator Wiley G. Bryan, at Louisville, to the effect that all coal dealers must sell seventy-six pounds ofcoal to the bushel instead of the usual seventy-two. The order' goes intoeffect immediately, and the administration prefers that the dealers sellby the ton, rather than by the busheLCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO. 'To-day, Tuesday, July 23 A remarkably fine Fox film play, "Cheating The Public;" great food riots jexciting night race; also seventeenth.episode of "The House of Hate?'To-morrow, Wednesday, July 24The noted Japanese actor, SessueHayakawa, in "The Honor of HisHouse;" also Luke Comedy and PatheNews feature.Thursday, July 25Mae Marsh, in"The Face in The Dark," by Irvine S.Cobb; also Mutt and Jeff comedy,"Meeting Theda Bara," and PatheNews feature.i WE KNOW HOW I- .. . . .... . I... i -Palm Beach andKool Rloth SuitsFor Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach ClothThe kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, notthe cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out beforethe season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is- thebest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures.$13.50 to $20.00Kool KlothA light summer cloth with a little more weight than PalmBeach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50 to $25.00Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. SilkShirts, $5.00 to $10.00Many fancy and- stylish patterns, 'solid colors and' -fancystripes; -. -Straw Hats and Panamas. - 4MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE' NetUeton Shoes- -V'. l Dr. RsedYCiiikion Sol Shoesiny.:-:3C3rsiiCRO WDER TELLS MEN OP CLASSONE TO "GET READY."Provost Marshal General Crowder,Saturday, issued an appeal to allmen of Class 1 calling upon them tobegin now their preparation as chosen soldiers to defend the country andnot wait until they actually havebeen called into camp.The -men are urged to interestthemselves now in soldiering, to learnsomething of the different branchesof the military service and to fitthemselves physically for the rigorousduties of a soldier's life."Regard yourselves as a selectedfraternity of active patriots," saysGeneral Crdwder. "Encourage thosewho are weak. Inspire the' indfferent. Inform the ignorant-. Searchout the slackers."Have you ever thought that ourenemy is attacking us, not 'only inEurope) but at home? Have you realized that his special trickery consists in seeking to make men disloyaltiere in our own country? Have youtried to discover and suppress theenemy's work here in the peacefulregion of our own home?"It will take some time ''to makegood soldiers out of you. The sooneryou start, the sooner you' will arive."A call was issued Saturday by thep'rovost Marshal General for 10,000white registrants qualified for militarv serving. " Thev will entrain between July 29 and 'Aug. 2 for' theSyracuse recruiting camp at Syra-cuse, N. Y. 'The allotment is divided amongthirty-three States and the Districtof Columbia.Kentucky will send 200 men.MAIL INSURANCE,Insure y out tobaccoagainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.M y ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf) .-, F -CLEVELAND DISTRICT CGNFEREERENCE TO BE HELD HERE.The Cleveland District Conferenceof the Kentucky and Ohio Conference of the C. M. E. Church, willrnnvpne at Brentsville, in Veache'si'efrapeirJuly 24-28,18?- All thepastors and their congregations orParis and surrounding towns arecordially invited to attend.Our white friends are especiallyinvited to attend and to hear Bishop'Phillips, who will Preacn ai uo'clock. G. M. .rnnnps, u. u., -u. .D., Bishop; Rev. J. L. Thompson,Presiding Elder; Rev. J. R. Hill,pastor.iiiISHmi.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Herbert McClain, son of Mr.and Mrs. Henry McClain, of nearCenterville, has been assigned toduty on the military police force stationed at Camp Mills, Long Island,New York.Mr. Branch. Boardman has returned to the naval training station atNewport, Rhode Island. Mr. Boardman was at home near Little Rockfor several weeks .on a furlough, as-Jsisting in the wheat harvest. Kv -,t Mrs. B. L. Yates, of this city, hasFranpe that her; brother, Wm. B.Yates, who is with the- 12th. ieldArtillery, American .ExpeditionaryForce, in France, was" Wounded re?cently 'in a battle on the Marne.' :,Mr. Nimrod Crump, of 'hear LittleRock, is here from the Naval Training Station, at Great Lakes, 111., onafurlough, to visit his mother, Mrs.J..W. Crump, near Paris. Mr. Crumpvolunteered in the service last November. Mr. Malconi Cox, who has been af Sest ofhis sister, Mrs. Wendellin North Mdidletown, for'Murphy,several days, has gone to Texas.where he' will enter the service ofthe United States in the infantry inone of the army camps. " tLieut. Catesby Spears has return--edto -army duties at Ft. Sill, Okla-Jhoma, after a brief furlough visit torelatives in Paris. Lieut. Spears hasreceived official orders to report forspecial duty at the army camp atHoboken, New Jersey.Corporal Walter McPherson, ofParis, was at home on a furloughfrom Camp Zachary Taylqr from aurday to Sunday night, as'auastqfhis father, Mr.-W. R. McPherson, andsister, Miss Noneral McPherson, onHarmon street. The khaki is a hecoming adornment to "young McPherson, who makes an ideal soldieran aparnce.; z -, ,.-Mrs. H. B. Barlow, of Tenthstreet, received a post card yesterdayfrom her son, Sergt. Herman Barlow,announcing his safe arrival at aFrench port of disembarkation.Sergt. Barlow will become a memberof the American forces there, operating in the artillery branch of tbe service. He was recently transferredfrom Camp Zachary Taylor.J. Monroe Sweeney, of Paris, whohas been stationed in the AviationInstruction school of the army, atCambridge, Mass., for several months,passed a successful examination inall the required branches at thatcamp last week.- Sweeney left Boston, Saturday, for "Akron, Ohio,where he will take active work inthe Naval Air Station on the Government field, about ten miles fromAkron. 'Private Jack Turney, of Paris, -hasbeen transferred from the DepotBrigade, at Camp Zachary Taylor, toFt. Benj. Harrison, near Indianapolis,Ind., where he is now a member ofCompany 10, in the Second Provisional Engineers. Genial- Jack nono. doubt left a sorrowing coterie ofcomrades when he . was transferredto another post. A Paris visitor tothe camp recently said: "The boy3in camp had more fun when JackTurney was around than any otherbunch in the camp."' Eugene V. Elder, of Paris, a former student at the University ofKentucky, who has been stationed atCamp Shelby, near" Hattiesburg,Miss.., for the last several months,has been transferred to Camp Morse;Ft. Leon, Texas. Elder is taking aspecial two-months' course in signalcorps work, constructing wirelessstations and putting telephone andtelegraph wires in the trenches.Elder was a member of the Signal Corps, and was formerly stationed at Camp Stanley, in Lexington. "te fc fc .'After receiving their clothing andequipment at Ft. Thomas, the Bourbon county boys .who left Paris onJuly 15 were transferred to CampMeade, inMaryland, where they willbe given. intensive drills and prepared for the army service: Six ofthe members, Edward Woods, JohnHennessey, Thomas Elder, Wm. Parker, Embry Kimball, and ClennieDunnigan, remained at Ft. Thomas.Hennesy and Elder will be transferred to another camp, or wlil be takeninto ihe railroad branch of the service overseas.v Tbe other men willbe assigned to other camps r andspecial .service. Charles Cassity andCharles Bartellywere discharged because, pt being "under the .requiredwork;' .Meiages from theH boys rwowent to Camp Meade state 'they , areeLllB ftfuag taw ibb dmj vjjl V)mr4uJifer a are well taken care of. Swift 1iMcGoldrich was transferred to CajHMeade, in Maryland, and assigned toduty as .an electrician..vPrivate Julian Rogers, of Cam .Sherman, near Chillecothe, O., hareturned to his army duties there, afca brief visit to Mr. Wm. Rogers amiother relatives near Paris.,Frank Higgins, Harry Barlow,Merritt J. Sllcer, and Robert Linkwho are members of the Field Artillery Corps, stationed at the. practice range near West Point, Kywere here from Saurdayfto Sunday -.,night, on a furlough, visitiajj rel- v-.,tives and friends. . -e-v 3"" -Mr. L. M. Keni has returned from.a visit at Ft. Thomas, the jmllitarjr ' 'post near Newport- His son is station-ed there as a member of the U.ait'edStates army. Ft. Thomas, which for"years was one of the best garrisonedarmy posts in the United States, isnow used as a receiving and equipping station for "rookies" destinedfor other cantonments.Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft, of Paris,has received advices from her son,Lieut. Davis Hutchcraft, that he hadbeen transferred fronx Camp Pike,near Little Rock, Ark., to the airplane service, and had been sent toVancouver Barracks, Washington.Lieut. Davis enlisted in the servicewhile engaged in newspaper work othe Tampa, Florida, Times.- Among recent visitors at .CampZachary Taylor from Bourbon countywere, Mr. B. P. Evans, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Evans, Miss Florence Evans,Mr. Clarence Evans, Mr. and Mrs.Geo. -M. Burberry and Mr. and Mrs.Arthur McClain, of near CentervilleThey report the Bourbon countyboys happy and contented, and gladtQ see them. The constant shiftingof the troops from one camp to am-pther may soon take the Bourboncounty men away from Camp Tayl6r.Dr. J. A. Orr, ofParis, left Saturdaymorning for Ft. Benjamin Harrison,near Indianapolis, -where he reportedfor duty in the service as a memberof the Medical Corps of the army.Dr. Orr was guest of honor At a. banquet tendered at the Odd Fellows"lodge. Mr. M. Peale Collier presided. ,as toastmaster and short talks were ',made by members of the lodge. Fri-. . "day night Dr. Orr was tendered ,. ,,,banquet at the Crosdale Hotel by theBoard of Stewards of the Methodistchurch.Messages received by relatives andfriends in this city indicate that the-Dr. Barrow Buse Hospital Unit No.40, had arrived safely overseas. Inthe contingent was a number of j .Bourbon county people, Misses MaryStone and Nancy Robinson, trainednurses, and Thos. Prichard, Douglas -Clay,Baldwin Woods, John Moran,Allen Ingels and Thomas Gilmore, em- tlisted men. Cablegrams stated thatthe Unit would see service in- Italy .and France, and other places nearthe fighting zones.'.k.fSeveral days - ago the Kentucky.boys stationed at Camp Sherman, inear Chillecothe, O., were given'the 'privilege of selecting any ministerof any denomination from theirState they wished to come to Campv.Sherman and address them. "Dr. J.W. Porter, pastor of the First Bap- Ttist church, at Lexington, was, '"chosen. He will go to the camp 'On "'next Sunday, July 28, and addreesthe boys. Several from Paris andBourbon county are stationed atCamp Sherman. 'County Judge George Batterton recently received a letter from hisbrother, Private Bishop Batterton,who is with the American Expeditionary Force in France, in which hemade the following statement: "TheBoches may get me yet, but I havegot mine." Batterton is a sharpshooter, being a member of the Seventy-sixtyCompanyr Sixth Regimentof Marines, and was in the thickest"of the fight on June 13, when his regiment captured -1,10&. Huns and tooktwenty-seven machine guns. PrivateBatterton, wrho has just passed histwenty-first birthday, volunteered irithe service a few days after America declared war on. Germany. Hewas sent to Paris Ireland, S. C,where he won a gold medal as sharpshooter in a competitive marksman- -shiptournament with rifles. He!reached France in September; 1917He says his Tegimeht is known in-,France as the "Saviours of Paris.",. ,-z ,Information, was received here Sturay to -the effect that Edward Fitzpatriclo formerly of THE NEWSforce, who, is a "Jackie" on one ofvUncle Sam's big battleships stationed von the Atlantic seaboard, near Philadelphia has married a handeome -Philadelphiagirl. The information-joamie in a letter, in which no details -were given,, nor was the nane ,o .the 'bride given. . The,, letter . stated .tmatrtU-;rie w,a',a .strikimglr 'youmg woeaam. nere's(Cemtimued o Pe S.)IVr;I.ir11I-!f33'TS 2 'j v-s?iv:'VSAGITWOIf . TUmtDAT, JULT II, lfif .-TH1 BOURBON NMWS, PARIS, KY.m BOURBON NEWStlifeUisked 188136 Tears of Contixraous PublicationFaMIshed Every Tuesday and FridayPec Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable In Adavance.'VWIFT CHAMP, EdiUr and Owntr.A erroneous reflection upon theilfcfi i: f er7 standing or reputation ofBr; person, firm or corporation whichay-apear in the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will 'he gladly correeted if brought to -attention of theADVERTISINGRATESMeplay Advertisements, $1.00 per.4adk. Cor first time; 60 cents per inchdfc subsequent insertion.'heading Notices, 10 cents per line-ack Issue; .reading notices in black' T9j SOJcents per line, each issue.Cards' of thanks, 'calls' on candigntatss fc obituaries and resolutions, andJnKc matter, 20 bents per line.-Special rates for large advertisecflMsiU and yearly contracts.Tite right of publisher is reservedSe 41.5117, advertisement or other'Mtter for jjOmciiioni "'JiiSm puncements for political officesT9tmtl i&vari&bly be accompanied byhU - This paper has enlistedUrith the government in the- "cause of America, for theperiod of thewar?EDITORIAL XUSnCGS...C-Ittiwers And Weasles.Aman in Illinois had a chickenvbh.Weasles were getting after theproducts, thereof.v. .. IAn investigationshowed that the weasles were inhabitating a tile under a corn crib. It"-was too .small for a dog to crawl"-through.So the friends with the small carapplied a rubber tube to its exhaust,let it into the tile opening, startedks -engine and the fumes drove out"She weasles. At last accounts thatchlcken coop was safe for democracy.3t is perfectly useless to prophesyvhat & flivver will or will not donext. A woman was heard to stateXkMJt the only things her electric"trashing machine would not washwere her hair and the baby. DoubtIs if she will devote a little time.-and ingenuity to the job she will findthat both operations can be performed -with great satisfaction by herhusband's gasoline engine.jj.l These are the days of miracles.CvT s I Commendable.The Louisville Country piub has- &een offered by its directors as a hos1 j$tal?fpr convalescent soldiers. Thett 3raHding is a large one, well situatedj upra. a commanding, elevation, wellraaed and healthful. The epnva-'" lescmts would have ample grounds-mfl-Rn attractive terrain over whichto lanble.Jtotking will more surely impress--the civilian public with the fact thatT??w:e are at war than the presence ofTpoaded soldiers in- such places as"-4dufeaiid summer resorts through-r . aoiitj&e country. Their presence will?43wtreta .chastening effect upon , the 1- phblicv.na "will incline toward seri-, , ona consideration of the war and itsadenxairds many persons who but forvwch manifestations of its actuality-might feel that the war is a longway off and that it should not swerveThome stayers from the course of their- sacgustomed expenditures and diver-ssions. ' . -""? x ' "'-"Want Women To Discard WearingMourning."The Woman's Committee, Council""of National Defense, through Dr..Anu Howard Shaw, the president,".has issued a circular letter calling'snpoa the women of this country totrefriin fro'm the use of mourning-Murine, he period of the war. It is'Cfelt l;bat the desire upon the part ofthose who laave lost tneir loved onesIn their country's service to avoidtne-nsual symbols of mourning is 'notonly'highly patriotic, but will tend'to do away with the constant remind--er -of sorrows ?und crosses which 'all?'liaTe"tk&-ea.r a,nawhichwould dEave?j& 4pressing 'effect upon the people.TTe committee has adopted and the'Ji-nt.of the PnitedStates ap-aproffeavblack 'band three inchesriie,ff)ipon which shall be placed a-oJ jtar for each jmember of a f am-Sfly.loet in "the service of our coun-icry, this band to be worn upoa theleft arm. This badge is not only an.Imatjgnia of jMurniBb'iftaiifelof service of "thoaewhb TiaTe'TaaieI the sumpreme sacrifice fortheir-1countryjand for humanity, jShAVfour Color. fjrv ThemanVho claims t$he patriotic iLJmerican citizen, who is able todo so, but has not taken a singleLiberty Loan Bond, contributed tothe Red Cross fund, or signed aWar Savings Stamp pledge is veryplainly a liar, and the truth 'is not inhim. Their friends and neighborsknow who they are, and the suggestion has been made that their namesbe made public through the mediumof the local press. Wouldn't it makean interesting contribution to thelist of slackers, dodgers, evaders,sidesteppers who preach patriotism,yet whose lives are a direct refutation and the very opposite of patriotism? fe fe ?sHITS THE SPOT EXACTLYNewspaper men all over the Stateare registering vigorous . protestsagainst the flood of miscellaneousstuff from all sources that comes inthe mail, begging almost for publication. If they should publish onethird of these communications therewouldn't be anything else in theirpapers. The Flemingsburg TimesDemocrat sums up the situation exactly in the following words, underthe caption, "We Can't Print Everything:" "Again we want to call attentionto the fact that if we printed everything sent us by one set of Government agents or another, we wouldhave no room for local news, and thepaper would be simply a bulletin ofGovernmental orders, all printedfrom patriotic motives, but withoutproducing a cent of revenue. Wesimply can't do it and the high-salariedmen who are working the country press for free advertising are nomore willing to -work for nothingand board themselves than we are.We have given space for all sorts of'drives' for the benefit of the Government and will continue to do so asfar as we can, but there is a limitto the capacity of the country news- Jpaper, and white paper, ink andeverything else getting higher all thetime. The other day a high-salariedCollector of Internal Revenue calledon us to send a copy of the T.-D. tohis office free of charge, while another wanted us to send his office acopy for six months, but wanted usto send a triplicate bill to him whichwould have to run a gauntlet of departmental red tape foj a few monthsbefore being paid. The Times-Democratwill do its share and more tohelp win the war, but it cannot attempt to do it all.""KLTJTURED" GERMANS DENOUNCE SAWED OFF GUNSAS "BARBARIC."German newspapers received atThe Hague have --raised quite abother over a story in German fromSwitzerland to the effect that a largenumber of American troops have beensupplied with "sawed-off" shot gunsfor fighting. The Cologne Gazette incommenting on -the report denouncesthe American barbarism and assumed that tomahawks and scalpingknives will soon appear on the American front. The newspapers warn theGerman troops that the Americansare not "honorable fighters."The Weser Zitung says the barbarous shotgun has been served outnot because they are likely to be respected, but because, the ill-trainedAmericans cannot use rifles and arebadly supplied with machine guns.SOLDIEDS MAIL 3AUST BE PROPERLY ADDRESSED. vMail for soldiers must be properlyaddressed, otherwise it will not beforwarded. Improperly addressedmail will be -returned to the senderor sent to the dead letter office, saysan official notice just sent out. Muchconfusion, loss of mail and seriousdelays have resulted from carelessaddressing of letters, and the government hopes to overcome this.This form should be followed explicitly in addressing a soldier in anarmy camp or cantonment at home:Sergt. Richard Roe,A-Co., 341 Infantry,Camp Grant, Illionis.Should the man be in France theaddress should be after this form: . .Sergt. Richard Roe,D-Co., 35th Engineers,American Expeditionary Eorce, viaNew York.Barracks number, the name ofcompany without regiment or otherunit designation, and the title of soldier without showing his organization or company are of no value in amail address.Its fe Fa,PAIR PREMIUMS IN WAR-SAVINGS STAMPS. .Nearly half of the premiums to beawarded by the 1918 Kentucky StateFair will be paid.,. in yarrSavingsStamps, according to information received by the Department of Agriculture from authorities of the StateBoard of Agriculture of Kentucky.The price' lisf-YoIhe 1918 fair' totals $78f.0Q0, ofhich it is 'estimated that .$35,000111 be paid in WarSavings Stamps.t;I 'Another rood thlagf about nana'siiJ&hSsnore at the neighbors. " 'Cmm jgiiiwniHiji imiyfntHmivjmmmmmmmmmmtmmmammm ImBy TCATHERINrmmninnifimmmwiHimMi imniti mmwi it mmiiitm wnMiMnMiiiMUHni!Ever since Arthur JDenby and Lucile Bard had taken away the stigmaof "unlucky thirteen" from their classby becoming one, they had plannedto hold a cfass reunion at their 'home;and one summer, five years aftertheir graduation, they succeeded inbringing it about. They, were allthere, the original thirteen, togetherwith the wives and .husbands of the.six married ones.Qn the. outskirts of the merry groupsat Ethel Claxton. Somehow she wasusually the odd ,glrl in every gathering. She felt herself so now, although wthere was an even number ofmen and girls at the Jenbys houseparty. She knew that on the presentoccasion their hostess had paired heroff with Ted Foster. Neverthelessboth he and Brian Hedrick vied witheach Qther in their attentions topretty, frivolous Sibyl Landon. ,QJhe same state of affairs continuednext day when the entire party, packedIn various conveyances, started toRainbow falls for a beefsteak fry."It's really tragic," she thought"This will-o'-the-wisp, endless-chainbusiness" my caring for Ted and hisinfatuation for Sibyl, who doesn't carea straw for him.The day dragged and after the picnic dinner, while the others weregrouped about the camp fire, Ethelstole away unobserved.It was not until a couple of hourslater, when Mrs. Denby was rounding up her party preparatory to goinghome, that they actually missed her.Then the cry went up: "Where'sEthel?""We must look for her," declaredArthur Denby. "She may have wandered much farther than she realizedand lost her way."They separated, little groups goingIn different directions. All felt asense of guilt for neglect toward thegirl whom they had known so long,yet none knew well."I counted on you, Ted, to helpmake things pleasant for Ethel," reproved Mrs. Denby in an aside."I'm afraid I've been a bit remiss,"Foster answered contritely. And inthat mood started off alone, determined to find her. It seemecP to himthat the green, rushing water of therapid mountain stream mocked him.Vhen he reached, a point that commanded a view of the falls he suddenly caught sight of her quietly sitting, on an overhanging rock watching the; changing play of waters."Hello," he called, patent relief inhis "voice. 'Tou've given na the scareof our lives.'"Why, what's the matter?" -,"We've been hunting you for thelast hour. Thought you were lostsure enough.""Is it late?" she asked."Yes you know darkness comes ina hurry up here In the mountains.We'd better hurry back the othersare ready to start home." Now thatshe was found and was safe, he wasready to relegate her to the background once more.For a moment she was silent, thensaid: "I'm not ready to go yet" Shespoke quietly, but there was astrange gleam in her gray eyes."Not ready? Why, they're all waiting," he returned in surprise."Let them wait! I "must have afew minutes you know when anything first comes out of Its shell It'sa. uai wmuuiy auu ueeua uiutime to recover Itself""What do you mean?" In sheersurprise he dropped down on the rockbeside her.She laughed. "Just what I've said.I've done a lot of thinking in thetwohours I've been sitting here. I'vebeen facing facts, in other word s andam determined to be a different sortof person than the one you've knownbefore.".He still stared - half-comprehend-ingly, and she hurried' on: "I see thatthe neglect and indifference Pve always met with have been largely myown fault I didn't impress others.I've decided to throw overboard everything I've cared for before andstart life on a different basis inlighter veto as it were.""What do you mean by thingsyou've cared for before?""Well you, for instance. I admitI used to care tremendously. But youyou never paid any more attentionto me than if I'd been a figure in thewallpaper. But that's all over anddone with now. I'm born anew !" Sherose with a gesture of pose and power. "I'm ready to go now.""But I'm not," he protested. Tmnot ready at all. Whywhy, la It Tvebeen so blind?""None are so blind as those whowill ,not see," she quoted.With! me It w wasn't a case ofwouldn't but simply, not -having myeyes opened. Thtyre open now allright"She atarted to go, .but he laid detaining hands on her slender scarletclad shoulders. "Ton said yon didn'tcare any more. But I'm going to begin all over again and try and makeyou care. Will you, give me a try?"For one challenging second theireyes met Then, with a gay littlelaugh she said: ""WelF-Tm open toconviction."ad ilse"Do you think-it is. going to besmooth sailing with our new cook?""lam afraid from, the. soun that" - .v.s4 Truest MIV'TTUwashing the dishes there are geiagte be breakers ahead."HOPSONr W'1 TEACHDffCLOg jagAHIfiELJlf PUS&jf scyr gffllroitE: -jln view of the fact 4hat the localBoardvpf clueatioa1 tfas 'abolishedthe study- of Gerjman in ?the publicschools of this city, and will substitute either Spanish or French andprobably both, and the further factthat Spanish is destined to supplantGerman in the s'chools all overAmerica the following article fromProf. G. Brittain Lyttle, of Manchester, Ky., teacher of Castillianand modern Idioms, in very timelyThe article was translated from theSpanish in & recent copy of EI Heraldo, the official Spanish newspaperpublished in New York:"The Mayor of New York hasdone right to favor the teaching ofSpanish in the public schools of thecity. The idea is wise and timely.Yet,, not only in the City of 'NewYork, but in all the public schoolsand .educational organizations of thecountry Spanish should be taughtwith diligence. And, in order to dqthis, we should begin at once, andvigorously prosecute the movementto inaugurate the teaching of Spanish as an indispensable course in theeducational system of the wholecountry."It is an undeniable fact that isspoken with predominance, if notexclusively in three-fourths of the.hemisphere in which we live, andnot only in the great continent ofSouth America, between which andNorth America such close relationsare becoming established, but alsoin Cuba, Philippine Islands, theWest Indes and Mexico. The greatrepublics of South America are ournearest neighbors, particularly sincethe completion of the interoceaniccanal at Panama, and the partialcompletion of the Intercontinentalrailway already extending far southward into Central America fromNew York, and to be continued soonas far" as to Buenos Aires, in Argentina, there to connect with the entire South American railway system.A.nd for many reasons those are thecountries with which we have closest political and commercial intercourse. "Although the two Americas havealways been closely related geographically, the progress of years has multiplied the reasons why we shoulddraw closer together politically andcommercially. And now that thebond of sympathy created by the cataclysmic struggle In which is beingwelded by danger and by necessityour common humanity of liberty andindependence, we have become largely useful to and dependent mutuallyupon each other. The war has madeof the two continents of America onesingle community in sentiment andbusiness. Commercial relations already important of themselves willbecome still stronger in the future onaccount of the practical interests ofall the countries embraced. But,better than that, has been the factthat the high ideals and the splendid lack of egotism with which ourcountry has thrown herself into thewar and strives for victory has killed the apprehension and distrutswith which the Spanish-Americancountries were wont to regard thegreat Nation of the North. Hereafter the South American countries cannever again apprehend any purposeof aggression or territorial or business advantages of ambitious character on the part of the United States."It is already written, as the result of the world war, that the Americas shall live more united and morecordial in every sense than theyhave ever done heretofore. As a consequence, it is necessary in all respects commercially, socially andpolitically that these languages,Spanish and English, should betaught to American children in bothcontinents, and bftould be learnedreciprocally so that young peopleshall speak both languages pertaining to all the American countries,arid be able to hold conversation ineither, wherever It tmay be expedientfor the free interchange of ideas, social, political and commercial."The youth of Spanish-America arestudying English as the leading foreign-languagestudy. It would therefore be" impolitic and discourteous forus not to meet them half way withour vocabularies united and boundtogether by laws of intercourse andmutual co-operation."The Mayor of New York will employ his growing influence and executive authority for the rapid introduction of Spanish Into the metropolian schools. Mr. Hyland cannot goabout it too soon for the public good.The announcement made in the republics of South America, that NewYork City, the metropolis of the Imperial State of the Union, has formally adopted the Castillian language as an integral part of itsfachool courses, will evoke a cordialresponse of feeling and action inthose generous and impulsive countries of the South, and the 'union oftongues' shall have progressed sufficiently by the time the war terminates to be the precursor of a logicalunion of hearts of future commercialinterests. In the introduction ofSpanish in the public schools of NewYork as ar preliminary to its extension generally to all the educationalinstitutions of our land there is astroke of true statesmanship. Thisshould have been thought of before.Undoubtedly it is opportune now.And let there be no delay in the putting into practice of so excellent anidea."liRURAL CARRIERS GET RAISEBy a recent bill passed by Congressall rural carriers with routes overtwenty-four mileslong got a raise of$10 a mile, or $240 for the twentyfour mile route and $10 additionalfor each mile over twenty-four. Postmaster and clerks in first and secondclass get goodly raises in salary, butthird class offices ,do not come in forthe raise. This seems unfair, sincethe work of these offices has beenalmost trebled since the war began.m j mWouldn't it be just awful, if somebody, ia.authorityr should! decide thVtwrist watches'for, civilians are- nonessentials? . 1 . -.V T F I r- 11mt'Ojmw1-VNow thatUncla Sail's place Inthe world wvarla rfirmfy established,and- beiag emphasized'daily in thegrowing casualty lists, it is time for"us stay-at-homes to take a personalinventory and fix our own positionsfrom the standpoint of patriotismrNone of us but will insist that weare wholly loyal. None of us butwill declare that we will do our partfbriiAmerican sdecess ' abroad. 'Noneof us but will declare that we havebeen doing "aTTwV can.But have we?mt It's, jtime to lay the cards on thetable. Time to see just what'swhat.It's time to begin playing the- gameaccording to the necessities of thefslTtuation 'Time to see just where westand patriotically. Time to get downto braw'tacics v ''The 'simple facts of the case arethat there are comparatively few ofus who have gone the limit in lendingour assistance, financially, to thegovernment. Not that we wouldn'tif we thought it necessary.But we 'haven't thought it necessary. We have all been wholly confidentthat the country would meet everydemand, and that confidence has beenjustified. Every demand has beenmet to date. And we haven't by anymeans exhausted our capacity.But what of the future?That's the big question now. Thenext Liberty Loan will in all probability be for an amount far in excessof anything that has been asked todate. The needs are becominggreater, more imperative, every day.Are we getting ready for such a condition? It's up to every mam to take hispersonal inventory. To fix his own'capacity, his limit, and to? get readyto play It. 1 .The business of the country rightnow is war, war to the death. Andwe don't want it to be our death.One way to win it and live is foreach fellow to do his partGET READY!s ?5i saWorld Heavy With Sorrow.The world in which Ve are livingour lives, and In which we will continue to live, is a world heavy withsorrow and sadness. The war haswrought a riiln which 'will take manyyears torepalr.s ThOsfe'of -u who arealive will never 'see the- end of thisgreat task. So there" Is a clear' taskbefore us. ' We -must help those whohave been hurt and broken, and comfort 'those who have been made sorrowful. Just because"1 the" task is sobig it challenges kus to do our best,to stop playing- at being Christians,and to strive wlth'afl our might andpower to do our best.One Day at a Time;Pile three " hundred and sixty-flvpanes of transparent glass one uponthe other and try to look: throughthem. Nothing but inky blackness.Take from the pile one pane, lookthrough it, andall Is clear. Then aswe face a time, with all its days piledone upon the other, all Is darkness.Each morning, if we take off from thepile of days that one which comesjlrst, we" are enabled to see our dutiesclearly and live but our responsibilities faithfully. We cannot live thesecond day before the first or morethan one day at a time.Value of a High Aim.A glorious aim reacts in vitalizingministry upon the entire being. It ,1s'curative. A big holy aim is very hostile to the petty ailments of the mindas It Is also very destructive of themean diseases of the heart. Andthrough a healthier mind' and heart wegive ourselves a chance- of more exuberant physical health. Perhaps It Is'true, In a larger way than we usuallythink, that "He shall: quicken your"mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you."Stone Ships Not Entirely New.While stone ships, Sttch as are beingmade now for the government's use Inthe war, are considered quite a novelty,they really are not so new after all.Away back in 1849 a boat of concretewas launched by a Frenchman namedLambot Since then there have "beenmany experiments with this type ofvessel and many forms of concreteboats have been floated successfully,The Dutch and the Italians have beenusing concrete barges for a long time.Shell of Lobster.The shell of the lobster Is imbuedwith a black or bluish pigment, secreted by the true skin, which alsogives out the calcareous matter altereach molt so that lime and pigmentare blended together. The pigment becomes red in water at the temperatureof 112 degrees. ' , L,VJThis is July, and our guess is thatthe June brides are now eating onions whenever they please.Red Cross PledgesAll persons owing Red Cross Society pledges are requested to callon the, Undersigned, at the BourbpnAgriculftlral Bank', & Trust Cor,' andpay their pledges-promptly. '7 t , "B. 'WOODFORD, Treasurer.'ia-4i-M-,.o ? ;r1 !For SaleFive-passenger Reo Touring CarSix good tires. Car is in excellentmechanical condition and a bargainfor cash if sold at once.. JOHN M. CLAY,(2-pd) Route 7, Paris, Ky.WANTEpMiddle aged lady for night operator. Good opportunity for right person. PARIS HOME TEL. & TEL. CO.,(Incorporated)(17-3t) W. H. Cannon, Mgr.For:RentModern cottage of 'six rooms;bath, -gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142. -(28-tf)For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,2 Off West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky..Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Women AttendantsWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)FINAL NOTICE!Those who have not complied withthe law as to1 the cleaning of vaults,privies and cess pools are now notified .that for the next 10 days theymay secure the services of Ben Hawkins, who has returned to Paris forthe above specified time and may befound at the residence of CharlesBishoj, colored, on Seventh street,Cumb. phone 515.This notice is important and thosewho have not obeyed the orders ofthe Health Board will be proceededagainst according to law.A. H. KELLER,City Health OfficerBz, order City Board of Health.(19-4t)Opening Noticel IWe are now ready to receive patients and customers in our new andcommodious .oilice on the second floorof First National Bank building, formerly occupied by Dr. STernTr Wehave, I believe, the best equipped andmost up-to-date optical office in Central Kentucky, and" aim, as heretofore, to do a strictly high grade business, nothing else. Service and quality is the two words that has markedour success. Our work does give satisfaction, as is attested by hundredsof eye glass wearers. Ask yourfriends, and' then come and see us.You incur no obligation by callingon us.Dr. Wmv Riley FranklinSuite 2056 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris Ky.Public SaleFurniture, Carpets, Etc.The Paris Business Men's Club,havingr been discontinued, they willoffer at public sale- onSaturday, July 27, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, corner ofFifth and Main streets, the following: 1 good roll-top office desk andchair;2 leather rockers;1 library table;2 rugs;Several pictures;1 leather couch; .2 book racks;3 electric fans;1 round table;1 handsome Mahogany sideboard;1 old-fashioned safe and dishes;2 dozen chairs;54 lockers in two sections strongand well .built, locks on same;3 gas stoves;Shower connection for bath, hood,spray," etc'.;Awnings, screens and windowshades.Lots of other things too numerousto mention.The proceeds from the sale of theabove mentioned goods will be donated to the local Chapter of theRed Cross and the Massie -MemorialHospital.GEO. DOYLE,SecretaryrParis, Buiaess JCea&iCJub.' ' .TUESDAY, JULY 23, flii.nn mtimnmrtitiFft:l.1nrI I T '1 "-,,f T-T-l liilnlnlmiiLIFT or CORNS!i! II With fingers t Corns! ihd"cil- f1 . luses lift off. No pain! f,Mll..t. .M,.,., ,, ,,,. , .t..t..,.4Magic! Just drop a little Frtfeeoneon that touchy corn, instantly it stopsach&g, then you lift the corn off withtfce finger. Truly! No humbug!Try Freeeona! Your druggist sells atiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient torid your feet of every hard corn, softcorn, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone is thediscovery of a noted Cancinnati genius.TEE NEW SCHOOL LAW.The Legislature in session in 1918,passed an act, in. substance, as follows: "Every parent, guardian, or personhaving the custody or control of achild or children between the agesof seven and twelve years, inclusive,shall cause such child or children tobe enrolled in and to attend somepublic school or private day or parochial school regularly for the fullterm of a common school or gradedschool in the county in which saidchild or chidren reside."Any person failing to comply withany provisions of this act shall befined in any sum not less than fivedollars -nor more than twenty dollarsfor each offense."County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood has notified the teachters of the new law, and is insistentthat it be looked to strictly by themwhen they knowr of any case comingunder its provisions.MRS. BURNS5 LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people sbould know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy w aboutnine years ago and it cured "me offlux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same coniplaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)GROUNDLESS RUMOR ABOUT THEBARROW HOSPTAL UNIT.A report that the Good SamaritanBase Hospital Unit has arrived safely in Italy was widely circulatedTuesday in Lexington and the Bluegrass. The report was unfoundedand its source could not be learned.Nothing definite concerning thelime of expected arrival had beenlearned at an early hour this morning. The Lexington report seems tohave originated in a rumor that theUnit would be sent to Italy insteadof France, said to have been writtenhome by members of the Unit.fe fe feTHE JOY OF LIVING. -To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get mucb real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the realjoy of living. Try it.(adv-july)M1CK1E SAYSf SKY, FOLKS! when youWfcirE PIECES Ftt -H PAP&tt,FER THE UOVE OF NUVCS,' S(xN YOUR NAwNVE To'ENV SOThe boss worvc Thovn 'enOK "THE FLOOR PER. tAE TOPYC.U. UP. HP CASS AMUNSIGNED LETTER A1NT &NV )BETTER THW MvmsaMe cvsecvAaaaaPliEiPaaaaaTJ m5JjBtnaaiimoicBggiisnQPOKTAHT-AS BULEETS'kromleAd.It is not possible for every man toAght for hte' country. Some mustfight and others .must work to support them. The farmers of Kentuckyhave a duty to perforp that is justas necessary as fighting and that isto raise food for those who fight for"bullets from bread are as importantas bullets from lead."Every man in Germany is strivinghis utmost to win the war and theGerman farmer is doing his part byraising as much. food as possible.The only way for the Kentucky farmer td do .his partfin winning the waris by raising more food than the German farmer, and, as wheat is themost important food the real test ofstrength between, the Americanfarmer will come this fall when thewheat is sown. It is imperative,therefore, that Kentucky farmers sowthe largest wheat acreage on recordand produce the maximum yield peracre.Every field that might be sown inwheat but that stands idle will standthere as a blot upon the patriotismof the man who owns it and everyfield that is not so cultivated that itwill produce a maximuni crop will bean ally to the German Kaiser. Nofarmer should say he cannot affordto grow wheat because he cannotproduce a sufficient number of bushels per acre to make it pay, as thisis not an argument against growingwheat, but an argument against hismethod of farming.Every wheat field must be made todo its best, for the German farmerwill raise an average of more than 30bushels per acre, and the Kentuckyfarmer must strive to equal or betterthis yield. It is well known thatwheat yields well when it followstobacco, so every field of 'tobaccoshould be sown to wheat this fall andthe farmer who fails to sow his tobacco fields in wheat will not be doing his best to serve his country.Stubble fields that are to be sownin wheat should be plowed early, before the 10th. of August at the latest,as wheat will not do its best on afresh plowed field.Farmers should plan now thefields that they will sow in wheatand should make arrangements earlyto secure a sufficient quantity of thebest seed wheat that can be obtainedand should order now the phosphatefertilizer that they will require fortheir crop. Delay means failure andfailures in the wlieat crop from allsave natural causes will be inexcusable. The hungry world is standing today on the door-step of the Americanfarmer crying for food and the farmers of Kentucky will answer this cryby raising a bumper crop of wheatfor they know that "bullets frombread are as important as bulletsfrom lead."HUNT FOR WAR TIMBER.The War Department and the .Forest Service are aiding the Boy; Scoutsin efforts to find black walnut timberneeded for airplane propellers andgun stocks, following President Wilson's appeal to the Scouts to locatesupplies of the "Liberty Tree."Special report -forms have been prepared for use of the Scouts, who willsubmit them for tabulation to theForest Service, which in turn willreport the results to the War Department. The bulk of the standingblack walnut is said to be in farmers'woodlots in the Middle West, theMiddle Atlantic States, and theSouthern Appalachians, and it ismainly these sources that the Scoutswill comb in their search for material. P3 IS feState of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of, December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) 'Notary Public.Hairs Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally arid acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free. 'F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-july)Bear a Destroyer of Salmon.The. bear is a great destroyer of salmon. He is so fastidious that he willeat only the salmon cheeks and willconsume one-third of his weight in thisdelicacy every day. When his hungerIs satisfied he amuses himself by tossing the fish out on the banks. a Thefish are in the stream to spawn, andthe egg destruction is by no meansInsignificant.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a .quarter?r , ' , , v(adv-july)SOCIAL AND PKK90NAL.CoMiftM mmA JnXMOHi f fWof Our:People Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Maude Day, of Paris, is visiting her sister, Mrs. Clarence Plummer, Chavies, Ky.Miss Ollie Hutchings, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of Mrs. BooneChanslor, near Paris.Mr. John Minogue has returnedfrom a visit to his brother, Mr. Jos.Minogue, in Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Charles Petree, of Louisville, is a guest of his mother, Mrs.Ida Desha, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mjss Ann Jouett Davis, who hasbeen a guest of relatives in this city,has returned to her home in Louisville. Mr. J. B. O'Rourke, Miss NellieO'Rourke and Mr. Frances O'Rourkeare visiting relatives in Connersville,Indiana.Mr. W. S. Prewitt has returnedto his home in Dallas, Texas, aftera visit to relatives in Paris and inthe county.Miss Sallie Ashbrook, guest ofher sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, onSecond street, has returned to herhome in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Bennett Bean havereturned to Lexington after a visittoMr. Bean's mother, Mrs. DannieBean, on Cypress street.Mrs. Louis Mitchell, of Hazard,and Mr. and Mrs. Wilson Napier, ofSpencer county, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Napier, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Win. Cooper areentertaining Mrs. Cooper's sister,Miss Phoebe Litsey, of Harrodsburg,at their new home on Cypress street.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom a two-weeks' visit in Boston,Mass., where she attended a convention of the American Society of Osteopaths. Mr. Jack Berry, son of Mr. Bailey D. Berry, who has been a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis andfamily, on High street, has returnedto his home in Lexington.Miss Mary Elizabeth Crapster, ofLaGrange, Ky., Misses Henrietta andMary Ruth Coons, of Knoxville,Tenn., are guests of Mr. and Mrs. W.H. Cannon, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Frank E. Faulconer entertained at cards Fridayevening in honor of Miss EstelleFaulconer, of Tucson, New Mexico,who is a guest of relatives here.Misses Mildred Lisle and Nannette Wallingford have returned totheir respective business duties withthe Mahan Wholesale Grocery Co., inWinchester, after a visit to relativesin this city and county.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Houstonhad as week-end guests at their homeIn Paris, Misses Virginia Smith, of'Frankfort, Elizabeth Smith, ofSpring Station, in Woodford county,and Sannie Smith, of near Georgetown. Mr. Frederick Wallis, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, Siv on Pleasant street,has returned to his home in NewYork City. Mr. Wallis, while here,inspected work in progress on hisfarm near Austerlitz.The beautiful and commodiousSunday School room of the new Presbyterian Church was used for thefirst time Thursday afternoon, andthe occasion was a very happy one,being a reception and tea given bythe ladies of the church in honor ofMiss Elizabeth Brown, whose marriage to Rev. J. J. Rice, the popularpastor of this church, will be solemnized next Monday afternoon.The entertainment was in the nature of a "Household Shower," thenumerous and ornamental gifts presented to the young couple attestingthe high regard in which Rev. Riceand his charming fiancee are held bythe members of the congregation.After the arrival of the guests andto the music of the wedding march,a bridal procession formed by tensweet young girls dressed in white,the blushing bride-elect becominglygowned in pink organdie, and accompanied by two "dainty maids, entered the room. The maids wereMisses Nell Crutcher and FrancesClay, and the ten girls were MissesVirginia Dundon, Nancy BarbeeWilson, Mary Kenney Webber, DamieCahal, Vola Dundon, MargaretGriffith, Anna Louise White, IreneBramblette, Lillian Ewalt and AdahWilcox. Under this attractive escort Miss Brown was led to a beautifully decorated chair, a-nd the giftswhich had been prepared and wrapped by loving hands were presentedto her by the pretty maids, whoread the accompanying clever bits ofwit and sentiment.After the presentation of the gifts,which included every thing useful forhousekeeping, tea and sandwicheswere served. The tea table was veryartistic in its decorations ' of pink,sweet peas and smilax, silver teaservice and" silver trays and baskets.Altogether the occasion was oneto be long remembered, and was abeautiful expression of the love andgood 'fellowship existing between thepastor and members of this large andinfluential church, all of whom wishfor Rev. Rice and, his fair bride along and happy life. The following,unique invitation was sent to Miss'Brown, apprising her of the enter-,tainment:"We've planned to have a shower-tea,For our perfectly good minister'sbride-to-be,So on Thursday, the eighteenth, Elizabeth, dear,At the Sunday School room, pleaseappear.At five o'clock you'll find us there,All of us ready to have a. share.It will also please this happy throng; If you'll crank up "Lizzie" and bring'-the Parson along.'',-, & - -, .(Other Personals on Page 5.Y-fDEUGHTFUL sbfc&IMlWMAXMf uW-WfrL.one of the prettiest pre-nuptial'i""" tuctt uas oeen given lor missmnzaoeth Brown was a,,A'Handkerchief Hunt," given Thursday evening, by Misses Nell and ElizabethCrutcher, at the home of Mrs. Georgia Webb and Miss Nellie Fithian,on Vine Street.The first handkerchief -was nre-sented to the charming bride-elect bytne nostess in a pretty basket ornamented with a white tulle bow thebasket containing also a note givinga hint of where to look for. anotherpackage. This in turn containedrather vague instructions as towhere the next could be found, and soon, until the fair guest had beentaken all over the house up-stairsand down-stairs, from attic to cellar, and until all the pretty tokenof love and friendship had beendiscovered. The fun was thoroughlyenjoyed, after which Ices and cakeswere served. Those who partook ofMiss Crutcher's charming hospitality were: Misses. Elizabeth Brown,Nancy Griffith, Hattie Hill O'Neill,Frances Hancock", Olivia Orr, Elizabeth Steele Ollie and Loraine Butler, Charlina Ball, Amon Adams,Frances Clay, Nell Crutcher andLouise Dailey; Mesdames DuncanBell, Oscar Hinton, Edward Prichard, John Yerkes, John Davis, Katherine Davis Craig, M. H. Dailey, Jno.W. Young, Frank P. Sledd, WhiteVarden and Edward F. Spears.PRESIDENT WILSON COMMENDSA KENTUCKY COLLEGE.In a speech before several hundredPrinceton men in Washington City,President Wilson said: "There is asmall college in Kentucky that in itssixty years of existence has turnedout more men that have attainedprominence than has Princeton inmore than twice that length of time."He later made it clear that he referred to Centre College.Of the first eight fellowships awarded for'post-graduate work in Englishat Princeton, Centre College graduates were the successful contestantsfour times.Professor William Foster, of Princeton University, writes:,"It may interest the faculty andfriends of Centre College to knowthat o -ite a number of graduates ofyour college have come to PrincetonUniversity in recent years as assistants and fellows, and that all themen you have sent us have done exceptionally well in their work, thusshowing evidence of good undergraduate training at Centre College. Ihope that you will continue to sendfus such men."The only Southern Colleges honoredby the possession of the privilegesof the Carnegie Foundation are Centre College, University of Virginia,John Hopkins University and Tulane.S fe EsFreak Newspapers.'Freak newspapers have afforded agood deal of entertainment in theirday. One of the most remarkable wasthe Lurainara, published some yearsago in Madrid. It was printed withInk containing phosphorus, so that thepaper could be read in the dark. Anequally unique production was theRegal. This Journal was printed withnoii-poisonous Ink on - thin sheets ofdough, which, after being carefullyperused, could be eaten, thus furnishing nourishment for body as well asmind.As a general thing the fat manwho thinks he would have been a success at driving" an airship in a battleis the same gink who falls off' thestepladder when trying to hang' apicture for his wife.BATSGet Yours, Now,iTwin Bros.DepartmentStoreMain.and.7th Paris. Ky.Khfr111hews tMffltjfojni owr'anr sDif-iMTKAKCE.These are picturesque extractsfrom Thenars and Stripes, the official newspaper of the American Expeditionary Forces published fnFrance by and for the soldiers ofthe A. E. F.:"To an army which has these jmanymonths listened perforce to lectureson "Why We Are At War," "TheMining of Carraway Seeds in Argen-,tian,J' "Why We Are At War" and"Why We Are At War," to an army (tunc nas Deen overwhelmingly informed and otherwise edified, ElsieJanis comes as a distinct relief. Sheis an oasis of color and vivacity in adreary desert of frock-coated andwhite-tied lecturers who have beenvisited upon us. Therefore we arefor her!"We're all doughboys. As we readthe definition in the dfnfinnn.rvknown as "General Usage," a dough-!wjr 10 cm Aiuencan soiaier anyAmerican soldier. Time was whenthere was a suggestion of good-naturedderision in it. But with the original doughboy in the very vanguardof the A. E. F. the name has takenon a new accent of respect. Infantrymen, artillerymen, medical department boys and signal corps sharps,offices and men alike, we are all called doughboys. Our cartoonist is a'doughboy. .So is General Pershing.So are we all of us. In the Red CrossMagazine for August.ITRST( SOLDIER CONTINGENTHNISHES COURSE JULY 7.On May 7, 400 Tennesseeans reported at the University of Kentuckyfor special training. These men haveoeen wen rounded into shape and"completed the course on July 7th,and the Government xhas made a request for a statement relative to thespecial qualifications of these men.The second contingent of 400 men began their training at the Universityof Kentucky on July 15, and thethird contingent will arrive on Sep-tember 15.im ta lEa-COLORED CAMPMEETING.Rev. R. Quarles, the "BlackMoody," is conducting a camp meeting at Mattoxtown, near RussellCave, in Fayette county. The meeting will close Sunday, July 21. Arrangements have been made to meetthe interurban cars at stop No. 24from Paris or Lexington.IXi;xivssviGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 29Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris,KSee Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCornNo better oh the marketHave stood the test of years;c. s.Cor.' Fourth anal-BALL. JtEAL ESTATX Dili vMr. EawartT Burk Ipurcatii -centlvat mihlic safe. ot'MiamAjDTiTi.i. rx x-l '..-L itizr v-jtvaisu, agent ior me vvaisn jmmi,.wthis -city ,u twenty-three acre .or tomlocated near Williams and Haasotxstreets, in the suburbs of. Pari, Jac$312.50 per acre.James Macom, colored, has -chased the Eliza Baker property tikithe west side of Pleasant street, goutk&tof Tenth street, and will build a residence on the lot.m 1 mLAME SHOULDER:This uilment Js usually cKas&jlm&.rheumatism of the muscle-.1' AHHtha4fis needed is absolute rest and a. fwapplications of Chamberlain's liaiment. Try it.(adv-july)'vBAKERYDepartment:IX tCakes, Jelly RollCream Puffst.viDoughnuts, Rolls, PieGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PortBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376MAll Kinds ofIBinders?-i.rji5'-Klk;n ih.Pleasant St;m1,ruT vHGARAGI-Itn.I&stVtu3T'ftlh?&itt.vJ..jfirTHE BOURBON NBWS, PAHS, EY. T$m?Mion'TimraTUWDAT, JULY 23, Itlt. 3JtCT , t.ic-f ?g.r m-'w"-'r .r1TEWS 'OF' WOKPTfi W01T.BTEEBlSTEfG TO CLUBWOKEH.4.Another 'Would-be" Authoriiy -A riecent Literary Digest prints anabridged letter to the BrooklynChronicle, written by one Samuel S.Dale on "Why Not to Knit." In anut shell his argument is, that it iswaste of time and wool, the lattera valuable asset just now.Oiiywhom could we better waste itthan, our boys at the front?Bu te following is 'an answerfrom the powers-that-be:."Cleveland, 0., July 18, 1918."Mrs. F. Sutherland, Publicity Chairman, "Bourbon County Chapter,"American Red Cross,"Paris, Ky."My Dear Mrs. Sutherland: Wehave "your letter of July 15th enclosing a clipping from the LiteraryDigest, entitled 'Why Not ito JSnit.' ."As vou may well imagine, thisimagine,article has stirred up alot oK com-ment a-nd Mr.Abbott, Director of,the Bureau of Development here hasinstructed me to answer inquiries onthis article by calling attention tothe following facts:"1st That the government is releasing wool to the American RedCross for the continuation of itshand-knitting of articles for soldiersand sailors."2nd That Red Cross headquarterseverywhere have in their possessionmany letters from soldiers and sailorstestifying to their appreciation ofRed Gross knitted goods and to thesuperiority of these hand-knitted articles over those knit by machine."3rd That much of the success ofRed Cross woman's work may be attributed to the sentiment attached tothe hand-knitting of sweaters, soxand wristlets for our men in service;the personal equation entirely disappearing in the machine knit process. "4th That the filling of quotas ofhand-knitted goods by chapters is tocontinue as rapidly as the delivery, ofyarn permits."We appreciate your interest andthoughtfulness in calling your localsituation to our attention and trustthat the information above may behelpful to some degree."Very truly yours,"THE AMERICAN RED CROSS,"D. C. DOUGHERTY,"Director Bureau of Publicity."- 1ft 3 IAt the Red Cross Rooms.Wednesday Womans' Bible Clacs,Christian church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Missionary Society Pres"byterian church.Each afternoon a group of JuniorRed Cross girls will assist the workers in the sewing room.Hospital Pajamas Prove Highly Valuable. PARIS, July 20. Hospital pajamas made by American women havebeen found of the utmost service inreplacing gas infected clothing atthe 17 Red Cross bath stationsPublic SaleFURNITURE, ETCOwing to my husband having entered the service of the United Statesin the army, necessitating a changein our household arrangements, Iwill sell at public auction, on thepremises. No. 1218 High street, inthis city, onSaturday, July 27, 1918,at about 2:30 p. m., the followingdescribed articles of household andkitchen furniture:1 Buffet;u 1 China Closet;6 Chairs;1 Extension Table;1 Serving Table;1 Wilton Rug;1 Pad For Table;1 Refrigerator;1 Vaccum Sweeper;2 Ivory Wicker Chairs;1 Costumer;1 White Enamelled Iron Bed;1 Way Sagless Springs;1 Mattress;1 Wilton Rug;1 Porch Swing;1 Library Table;2 Mahogany Chairs; "2 Large Rugs; 11 Small Rug;1 Stepladder;1 Kitchen Cabinet;1 Kitchen Table;2 Kitchen Chairs.1 Shade for large window;X lot of assorted shades for windows and doors;1 lot Kirsch window and door curtain rods;1 Kitchen Range;1 Door Mat;1 Henter, 2 Burners; 1 Copper CoilWater Heater;1 small bath room Stove and lotof Ae Bath. Room. Fixtures;1 large Metal Garbage Can.MRS. BERNARD SANTEN.TERMS CASH.K GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.whi eli "have been started in France.iTo relieve, the .gassed men of thefcldthiiir theyuhave V been Treating,give them a bath and supply themwith pajamas and a blanket is allthat can be done for 'them immediately. Covered with the Red Crossblanket, they go to the nearest hospital. !The way of the knitter is long,quoth Experience. iThe motto of theknitter must be "speed up," repliesthe U. S. Government.The message has flown across thecable between "somewhere 'inFrance" and the great white RedCross headquarters in Washington:"Begin shipping at once, one andone half million each of knittedmufflers, sweaters, socks and wristlets. These are desperately .neededbefore cold weather." -This is theimmediate task of the Americanwomen. Bourbon's quota is largethis means we have been countedworthy. On September 1st we mustanswer "ready," and we will if onlyevery woman feels her responsibilityand heeds the call.The Red Cross uses a fleet of 634trenches in France.President Wilson writes to theWoman's Committee: "I do entirelyapprove of the action taken by theWoman's Committee in executivesesssion, namely, that a three-inchblack band should be worn, uponwhich a gilt star may be placed foreach member of the 'family whoselife is lost in the service, and thatthe band shall be worn on the leftarm. I hope and believe that thoughtful people' everywhere will apporve ofthis action, and I hope that you willbe kind enough to make the suggestion of the committee public, withthe statement that it has my cordialendorsement."KENTUCKY PRESS ASSOCIATIONADJOURNS AT CRAB ORCHARDThe Kentucky Press Association,held its final session Saturday afternoon, at Crab Orchard, when officersfor the ensuing year were elected.Vice President Woodson May declined to stand for election of presidentand he was elected a life member ofthe association. This is the thirdtime in the history of the associationthat this honor has been conferredon anyone. The other instanceswere when Clarence E. Woods andCol. E. Polk Johnson had this honorconferred on them. D. M. Hutton,of Harrodsburg, was elected president; B. F. Forgy, of Ashland, vicepresident, and J. Nail Larue, ofFranklin, chairman of the ExecutiveCommittee. The association was addressed by Food Commissioner FredM. Sackett and James Speed, of Louisville. Much routine business wasattended to before adjournment..NEW FLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us.We can furnish on short notice thebest to be had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best inthe State.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLADAY.fe isi jsaS0URB0N MAN FIGURES IN TRAPSHOOTING EVENT.At the clay pigeon trapshootingtournament, held in Latonia, Saturday, Squire John N. Shropshire, ofnear Centerville, made a good record.Mr. Shropshire stood forth in a listof eighty participants getting ascore of 96 out of 100 birds. Thecontest was for the State championship. In the three days' shootingMr. Shropshire scored 480 out of apossible 500.Squire Shropshire is one of themost enthusiastic devotees of trapshooting in the county, and attendsall of the principal events. He willgo to Louisville this week to takepart in a shooting tournament to begiven by the Louisville Gun Club,near that city.S3 21 ISWALNUT LOGS WANTED.In carload lots. For Gun Stocksfor U. S. Army rifles. All walnutpurchased by this company goes directly into Government work at ourmills and factory at Louisville, Ky.,and New Albany, Ind. Log dealersand owners of standing timber writeus what walnut you can furnish.Address Wood-Mosaic Co., Inc., 700First National Bank Building,' Lenington, Ky. (19-6t)J2i T23 )dGOVERNMENT TO ASSUME CONTROL OF PHYSICIANS.The government is about to assumecontrol of the entire medical profession in the United States to obtainsufficient doctors for the fast growing army, and at the same time todistribute thohe remaining to thelocalities for services where they arein most need for civilian work. Thisis 'to be accomplished either by enrolling all doctors in a volunteer service corps under privilege to acceptwhatever service, military or civilian,Is assigned them by the governingbody of the corps, or if the voluntaryclaps it not successful, by legislationprpviding for drafting them intogovernment service.Medical officers of the governmentbelieve compulsory conscription willnot be necessary.Organization plans for the volunteer medical service corps alreadyhave been made and enrollment hasstarted in a few States under authority of the Council of NationalDefense. ? vVl js rw ,MATRIMONIAL:, ,.. VBROWN RICE., Darkened skies and loweringclowds, interspersed with showers ofrain, did not serve to lessen the brilliancy of the indoor scene at , thehome of Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown,on Cypress street, yesterday afternobn, when at 4:30 o'clock, the ceremony was performed that gave toRev. John Jay Rice, a handsome andaccomplished bride in the person ofthe daughter of the house, Miss Elizabeth Brown, known and admiredby a large circle of friends and acquaintances. The rooms, especially the largedrawing room where the ceremonywas said, were beautifully decoratedwith roses, potted plants, babys'breath and a wealth of green decorations that added a vernal touch ofrefreshing color to the scene.Promptly at 4:30 o'clock, the hourset for the ceremony, after the homehad filled with guests, Miss Elizabeth Crutcher, presiding, playedsoftly the beautiful Lohengrin Wedding March, and Mrs. Macie WhiteFithian sang "Love Like the DawnComes Stealing," while Mrs. EdwardPrichard sang "Love Song," preceding the advent of the bridal party.The party entered in the followingorder: Little Marjorie Trisler, ringbearer, Mr. Robert J. Denny, of Nicholasville, best man, Miss Mary AdamsLincoln, of Louisville, maid of honor.The bride, charmingly gowned in amost becoming toilette of whiteGeorgette, with hat to match, andcarrying a bouquet of loose roses,entered, on the arm of her father,and met the groom in front of theminister, Rev. Dr. David D. Sweets, ofLouisville, who, in a most impressivemanner, said the ceremony that gaveone of the handsomest young womenof the city into the life-care of oneof the most popular ministers of thecity. The bride was given in marriage by her father, Dr. J. T. Brown.After receiving the congratulationsand best wishes of the host of friends,relatives and acquaintances whothronged the beautiful home, Rev.and Mrs. Rice left an the Louisville& Nashville fast train for Fulton,Missouri, to spend part of theirhoneymoon, as guests there of thegroom's father, Rev. J. J. Rice, Sr.,who is associated with the faculty ofthe Columbia University there. Theywill spend a large portion of theirtime in visiting relatives in the West,and, upon the conclusion of theirvisit will return to this city, wherethey will be at home to their friendsafter September 1.CHEATHAM GRATER.Miss Stacey Cheatham, who hasbeen a frequent visitor to friends inthis city, and Mr. Fred Grater, bothof Carlisle, were married in Cincinnati, last week. Miss Cheatham wasvisiting friends here at the time, andwas met by Mr. Grater, they proceeded to Cincinnati, where the marriage took place.The bride is a handsome youngwoman, a graduate of the CarlisleHigh School, in the class of 1918.During the past year she has beenvery actively interested in the warwork, having sold during the ThirdLiberty Loan campaign over $40,000worth of Liberty Loan bonds. Shewas also chairman of the woman'sdivision of the War Savings Stampscampaign in Nicholas county. Thegroom is engaged in farming nearCarlisle.GREENE WOOD.Mr. Stanley O. Wood, until recently editor of the Mt. Sterling Gazette, was married in Jeffersonville,Ind., last week to Miss May LouiseGreene, of Cincinnati.Mr. Wood is stationed at CampZachary Taylor as a member of the159th Depot Brigade. The bride is adaughter of the late Thomas Greene,for many years prominent in theCincinnati stock market.HAIL INSURANCE.. Insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)Es fe feGAME WARDEN MAKES ARRESTSWhile on a scouting expedition inJefferson county recently Game Warden Bush Bishop, of Paris, securedevidence leading to the arrest ofseven men on the charge of violatingthe State gamend fish laws. Aconviction with resulting heavy finewas afterward secured in all sevencases. Warden Bishop captured andconfiscated a sixty-five foot seine containing sixty pounds of fish, whichhad been taken from the river bythe men he arrested. The seine wasintroduced in court as evidence, andafterward destroyed. Several poorfamilies were presented with the fish.Mr. Bishop was assisted in the workby Game Warden Scott, of Eminence.TSl Ki 11MORGAN'S MEN TO CONVENEON AUGUST 26.The annual reunion of the Morgan's Men Association lias been tentatively agreed upon, the dates to beAugust 26, 27 and 28. The meetingwill be held at Olympia Springs.The program, which is alwaysstrictly informal, has not yet beenannounced by Secretary Horace "M.Tavlor. of Carlisle.2H$4 PATTON.Mr. John B. Northcott, of thiscity, received a letter yesterday, telling of the death in Vevay, Ind., ofhis brother-in-law, Mr. MontgomeryPattern, in that place. Mr.Patton, whohad attained the ripe old age ofeighty-nine, fell on the sidewalk athis home, sustaining a concussion ofthe brain. He lingered for two dayswithout regaining consciousness, hisdeath ensuing at twelve o'clock Saturday, night. The funeral arrangements had not been completed at the.time Mr. Nortchott received the letter.Jft fc S3RELIGIOUS.The Presbyterian Missionary Society will sew for the Red Cross, Friday, July 26.Rev. Frank M. Tinder, Sr., hasreturned from Fairview, in Garrardcounty, where he has been assistingbis son, Rev. Frank M. Tinder, Jr.,in a protracted meeting. Rev. Tinder filled his pulpit in in the North'Middletown Christian church, Sunday at both services.Ea Es EaBIRTHS.In Chicago, to the wife of Prof.Andress, a son. Mrs. Andress wasformerly Miss Josie Alexander, of thiscity., fa is s -REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Alexander Graves, of Bourboncounty, purchased last week of Chas.'Dreatlettle, of Scott county, a 4farmcontaining forty-seven acres, locatedon Locust Fork pike, two miles fromStamping Ground, for $5,100. Mr.Graves will get possession of theproperty on March 1, 1919. Thesale was made through the real estatefirm of Ford & Wood, of Georgetown, t ks Ss aAGED WOMAN DEAD.-Dolly Love, colored, aged ninetyfive, one of the oldest residents of thecounty, died near Hutchison lasteek of the infirmities of age. Shewas born a slave in the family of thelte Gen. Oscar T. Burbridge, of CivilITar fame, and reared a family ofseventeen children.DEATHS.BIG SAVINGSON SUMMER SUITSStraw Hats and PanamasAT WALSH'SPalm Beaches, Mohairs, Crashes and Tropical WorstedsYour money will go further here than any place if you come here to buyyour Summer Suit, Straw Hat or Panama. We're offering big savings now, andits for your gain to take advantage of these low prices. All goods are new andstyled in the season's latest. Note these prices, then come in and make yourselections.$8.50 Summer Suitscut to10.00 Summer Suitscut to$18.00 Summer Suitscut toPanamas and Leghorns$3.00 Panamas and Leghornscut to$4.00 Panamas and, Leghornscut toStraw$2.00 Straw Hatscut to$a00 Straw Hats- cut toCashR7th and Main-& ")"?.: -4fc ':-FR'MK' s'W" i i r 'LADIES' ' ' tit) . ' ;; . "ii frf' ICLEARANCERemnantsOF ALL KINDSaGreat ReductionsSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.Summer Suits$6.95$7.95$12.50 Summercut to15.00 Summercut to$2.25$3.25$5.00 Panamascut to$6.00 Panamascut to .-Hats at Half Price$1.00$1.50$4.00 Straw Hats' cut to$5.00 Straw Hatscut toNo ApprovalsP.WALSHOne-Price Storefr'OUTFITTERS- ".,'- V:3-onSuits,Suits..$9.95$11.95$14.95and Leghornsand Leghorns$3.95$4.95$2.00$2.50Paris, Ky.j .-gayS"f -4H-,r-vAmr"? prLi J&&effiJSS""' $T .siSLi T.TUBSDAY, JULY 23. lMt- -Til PQUMON N PAWS, IT,$r- i.- -"IFOR THE ESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices offth undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)CHEAP MEATS.The cheapest meat you can buy issmoked tongue and half-dried beef.We have lots of both at the rightprices.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.J5E E3 HtNEW AUTO OWNEKS. iThe Franklin Motor Car Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of Franklin touring cars to John M. Clay andRoy F. Clendenin, of Paris, for immediate delivery.ta is isaIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.Gus Margolen told a NEWS 'manyesterday that his 50 cent ad. lastFriday sold his over 50 hams and 60buckets of lard. "I advertised onlyin THE NEWS it certainly gets results' said Mr. Margolen.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTTalk about the L. & N. moving itsterminal from Paris! Why, a NEWSreporter walking through the yardsearly the other morning saw fourmen busily engaged in putting newsiding on two box cars. Isn't thatan evidence of busy times?fe ?a )HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insuranco on tobaccoand small rain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)felsiaCHURCH ENDEAVOR SOCIETY TOGIVE PIC-NIC.All members of the Christian Endeavor Society of the PresbyterianChurch are invited to a picnic thisevening (Tuesday.) Everyone willplease meet at the home of Mrs. Wilcox, on Duncan avenue, at 6 o'clock.A good time is in store for all.TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.Mrs. Fannie Cummins, of nearParis, was appointed in the CountyCourt, Saturday, as administratrixcf the estate of her husband, the lateMr. James Cummins, who died suddenly some time ago while at worknear his "home. Mrs. Cumminsqualified for the position by furnishing bond in the sum of 2,500, withMr. Wm. W. Hall as surety.MAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies. YERKCS & PEED.jly9 3t)S3 1E3 13PIRST DANCE OF SEASON.Paris society folk have had littleor no entertainment for severalmonths, and especially has therebeen a dearth of dancing events, dearto the hearts of those who love thepleasures of the dance. But youthwill -not he denied and must havesome outlet for its pent-up spirit.The first dance of the season willhe given at the Masonic Temple, inthis city, on Friday evening, August2. The promotors are Ireland "Bit"Davis and Newton Taylor, Jr. Themusic will he furnished by the SmithSaxophone Sextette. Hours fromnine p. m. to three a. m. Subscription, ?1.50.MARGOLEIT-'S SPECIALS TOE THISWEEK READ 'EM 0VEE.For the benefit of those who failedto take advantage of our big specialslast week, we have decided to offeragain this week the following bigbargains:Pure hog lard in 25 pound cans at27 cents per pound. Special for this"Keek only.Pic-nic sugar-cured hams at 28cents per pound, for this week only.Three pounds of county bacon,fctreak of lean and streak of fat,home cured, for $1.00.This is your chance to buy the bestat a great saving. Take advantagethese specials NOW, as they willbe higher next week.MARGOLENS SANITARY MEATmarket: (23-2t)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Combigi aad Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Ingram Oldson, of Lagrange,is a guest of relatives near Paris.Miss Mary Linda Lynch, of Ravenna, Ky.f is a guest "of friends inthis city.Miss Margaret Cavanaugh, ofNewport, is a guest of her sister,on Vine street.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Powell andlittle son, Billy, of . Lexington, werevisitors in Paris, Sunday.-Miss Irene Bramblette has returned from a visit to Misses Louiseand Florence Berry, in Cynthiana.Mrs. William A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Miss DorcasUssery, at her home on High street.Mrs. X. P. Fronk and daughter,Miss Pearl Fronk, of Covington, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. O .P. Carter,on East Eighth street.The ladies of the -Presbyterianchurch will have their usual prayermeeting' Thursday at 4:30 p. m., inthe primary room of the new church.Miss Rebecca Purnell left yesterday for a ten-days' visit to MissesElizabeth and Alice Barbour, at St.Matthews, near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Henry S. Caywoodhave as guests at their home nearParis, Mrs. Joseph Mosby and son,Mr. Jos. Mosby, Jr., of Helena, Arkansas. Mrs. M. T. Botts, Mrs. AlvinRatliff and son, Burns Ratliff, andMrs. George Schrepp, of Louisville,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Trimble, in North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Waltz andlittle son, Jack Waltz and Miss EttaCrockett, guests of Mrs. John Snyder,on East Seventh street, have returnedto their homes in Covington.Mrs. Geo. W. Stuart and Mrs.John M. Stuart have gone to Metuchen, New Jersey, to visit Corp.John M. Stuart, who is in the serviceof Uncle Sam at the army camp there.Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Carter andfamily will jmove from Paris to Lexington as soon as they can find a residence. Mr. Carter is now in theoffice of the Collector of InternalRevenue, at Lexington.Miss Wanda Davis, who has beena guest of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Boatright, on Walker avenue, will leaveto-morrow for her home in Kansas,stopping en route for a visit to relatives and friends in Illinois.The Lexington Daily Leader ofSunday says: "Clay Sutherland, ofParis, and Charley Knight, of thiscity, have returned from St. Louis,and as they both travel for Swift,they brought 'home the bacon.' "Mr. and Mrs. Will G. McClintock and family will move this weekto their home on Pleasant street,which has been undergoing extensive remodeling for several months.They have been guests at the HotelWindsor pending completion of thework.Mr. Lee Price, of Frank & Co.,arrived Sunday night from an extended business trip to New Yorkand other Eastern markets. Mr.Robert L. Frank, who accompaniedMr. Price, went on to Saranac Lake,New York, to visit Mrs. Frank andMiss Hallie Frank, who are spendingthe summer there.Mr. and Mrs. James R. Stivers,Mrs. Lou Settles, Mrs. Leslie Kealand daughter, Miss Louise Keal, Mr.Sherman H. Stivers, and Misses Edith and Mamie Stivers motored toWinchester, Sunday, and spent theday with Mr. and Mrs. John M.Woods. Mrs. Woods was formerlyMiss Ella Stivers, of Paris.Misses Theodosia Ray, of Chicago, and Anna Lucille Hutchinson,of Lexington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Morgan T. Brown,, on Mt. Airyavenue. They were entertained witha dance by their cousin, Mr. GayleBrown. About thirty young peopleenjoyed the evening in dancing andmusic. Ices and cakes were served.The Millersburg Dancing Clubwill give an August Dance, in the OddFellows' Hall, in that city, on tneevening of Wednesday, Aug. 7. Thehours will be from nine to three.Subscription, ?1.50. The music willbe furnished by the Smith SaxophoneSextette. The committee in chargeof the dance is Julian Allen, JulianAdair and H. C. Current.James Caldwell, Edward Burke,James Ralls, Joe Penn Redmon andJohn Woodford, prominent Bourboncounty stockmen, have returned fromMadison county, where they went ona -business trip. While there theypaid a visit to the stock farm of Mr.Harvey Chenault and inspected theselect herd of cattle being conditioned there to be exhibited at the Kentucky State Fair in September.Miss Charlotte Henry entertained Friday afternoon with "500" atthe home of her parents, Dr. andMrs. D. S. Henry, on Cypress street.At the conclusion of the games asalad course was served. The eventwas in compliment to Miss Henry'sguest, Miss Sara Traylor. The following guests partook of the afternoon's pleasures: Misses VirginaCook,Hattie Hill O'Neill, Sara Pow-; Charlina Ball, and her guest, Misser.Adams,.. of Huntington, W. va., Fat-Clarke, Elizabeth Curie, AgnesseyTurner, Mary xenney weDDer,Phoebe Litsey, and Mrs. Edward F,Spears. '(Ot&er Personals on Page 3.).PRAYER AT NOON POJt SUCCESSIN THE'WAlt.'In line rith the movement adopted by nearly every city in the State,Paris had adopted the practice ofsounding a bell. each day for the purpose of reminding the people that weare in the war.At noon each day the big tower bellof the Paris Fire Department will besounded four or five times after thetolling of the hour of twelve by thebig clock in the court house tower.This will be a reminder to the people to bow their heads and offer upa silent prayer for the success of theAmerican and Allied aijms in thegreat world-war struggle now goingon in Europe. The movement hasbeen in, effect in many of the CentralKentucky cities for some time, and isproving to be one of the best dailyreminders of the participtation ofAmerica in the war, or to pick outthe unpatriotic people.When the bell sounded in the newprogram for the first time last Sundayits meaning was not generally understood, and many thought it wasa fire alarm. From now on theymay understand what its object isand act accordingly.js lFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.POLICE GET NEW UNIFORMSAND PATROL BOXES.New summer uniforms will soonbe donned by the members of theParis police. The uniforms will beof the regulation style, of lightweigthblue serge, the caps being white,with gold cord and the city's coat ofarms. Police patrol boxes are beinginstalled throughout the city, fromwhich calls may be telephoned toheadquarters for the "hurry-upwagon."One of the boxes has been placedat the corner of Main and Eighthstreets, another at the corner ofEighth street and Walker avenue,one at the corner of Main and Fourteenth streets, and one at the Tenthstreet passenger station of the Louisville & Nashville. Citizens may callthe police by means of these boxes,which has a large bell attachment,that can be rung continuously until the police respond. It is certainlya great improvement and was fosteredby Councilman John Merringer,Chairman of the Police Committee,who is untiring in his efforts to giveParis an up-to-date police service.3 fe feCALLED MEETING OF GROCERSCounty Food Commissioner Lawrence Mitchell has issued a call fora meeting of all the grocers of thecity of Paris, to -be held at the courthouse next Friday night, o Themeeting will be held for the purposeof devising ways and means of preventing people from getting morethan their allotment of sugar bygiving orders to different grocers, orbe getting other persons to act forthem. It is the intention of the FoodCommissioner to put an effectualstop to such practices.and send some pictures toJhe big brother "OverThere.' ' He has a plentyof the things to worry himand needs cheerful newsand scenes from home.Get a Kodak"If it isn't an EastmanIt isn't a Kodak"We have a full line of Kodaks and supplies Thereare none "just as good."Films Developed FreeDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainiiNOWGinghams30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard 38c59c quality, per yard 48c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cSILK HOSE50c values at,ONE LOT OFI Ladies' 25c Vests9 arAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONLHmwroimtmMMBIG SPECIALSee the BigWindowDisplay!Only one sold to eachcustomer.None sold before the dayof sale.No phone orders will beaccepted.None sent C. 0. D.Be Here On TimeTHEJ.T.HINT0JVC0.EITHERPHONE".t a - iGOING ON!Wash Rags3c20ceach25c35cHope Cotton24cper yardBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c39cPERCALE 9Qrper yard mmtBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at 79c1 CAfMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.A WONDERFUL BARGAIN!You will be sure to admit that this is a wonderful bargainYou will wonder how it is possible to secure such splendidsweepers to sell at such a low price. It is merely arfotherdemonstration to give our patrons the advantage of everyspecial purchase we make, having secured 50 of these sweepers from one of the largest manufacturers in the country as abig special sale feature offering. $3.00 won't buy a bettersweeper. Made of steel; light in weight, but very strongThe HYGENO sweepers are handsome, having beautiful mahogany baked enamel finish and nickle trimmings.Don't Fail to See Them on Display inOur Window.Just the intense interest being manifested in the displayand the comments on the very low price of only 98 cents therewill be a quick sale of this lot of 50 HYGENO sweepersRemember only 50 of these sweepers in this sale, and if youappreciate a big bargain and want to obtain your sweeper it isessential that you be here promptly at 9 o'clock Thursdaymorning. Positively none sold before this time. At 98 centsthey will go like hot cakes. . No phone orders, none sentC. 0. D. and none charged.362'V . t' JWhite Goodsquality at 1 c:quality ,at 2 T-iS :quality at 28'cr45c quality at. . .- . .37 1 -2c59c quality at 48c75c quality at !S9c$1,00 quality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'HandkerchiefseachViSALE!ThursdayMorningJuly 25At 9:00 O'clock50HYGENOSTEEL CARPETSWEEPERSWORTH $3.00, EACH;98ctSIXTH AND MAIN STSifVINfAhhk1IifVrH"maxXo One In Paris Who Has &Back Should Ignore ThisDotible Proof.BadDoes your baCk ever ache?Have you suscted iyourkidneys?Backache, is sometimes kidney ache.With it mayrebW dizzy spells.Sleepless nights, tired, dull days,Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have; been endorsed by( thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris Proof.Read now the Paris setfiiel.Henewed testimony; tested bytime.Mrs. G. W. Newman, East TenthStreet, Paris, says: "I had backaches and at times was very nervous.My kidneys were weak and inactive.I heard about Doan's Kidney Pills andused them and they soon had mefeeling better in every way."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,nd on November 9, 1916, she said"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)HABBISON COUNTY DRAFTEESUICIDES BY HANGING.Herbert Crawford, of the HarrisonCounty drafted men who left forFt. Thomas, left the troop train atMillboro, Va., en route to Baltimore,late Thursday and hanged himself.The only particulars known, arecontained -in the following telegramreceived here yesterday afternoon:'Millboro, Va."July 18, 1918."Local Board Harrison County,"Cynthiana, Ky."Herbert Crawford, Order No.1222, Serial No. 196, deserted trooptrain and hanged himself nearMillboro, Va., to-day. Military authorities have wired me to have bodyprepared for burial. They will wireme instruction where to send reremains. "C. L. MILLER,"Justice of Peace."MARGOLEN'SAll fruitsVegetablef ishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYVOL) WANT YOURMONEYS WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.OMNgbowe fanshare proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.iM szJUna.f?lceiZ TBltZiStt&StTIKTJSirEEGBTGION. HCramOfflflttETFULL OPEKATIOir.THE KOITABON NEWS. PARIS. KT.&.mrt .mfrgf?- Tsm&zniiit? zmvI LI 1 MmmmrmimmmmmmTUESDAY, JULY 23, If 1JLvt-J t j i JHHWitiK.an.but.12 of -the '45 wen,who will ttrtfin at CampBuell, work'started Thursdky,, and l about half ofthe men -hWve already been provided,with unifo'rpis.Included amopg the enlisted menin camp -is Landen B: 'Hamilton, amember of the -Kentucky Legislature,"who, thoiigh in Glass 5; was voluntarily placed in 'Class land inducted..Three former students of the Uniyer-1sity of Kentucky are also at tnecamp Hobert C. Burnette, Somerset; George C. Bradley, Lexington,and William N. Soule, Paducah, former athletic director of the University. Captain J. W. Harding is commanding officer at. Camp Buell.Some of the men who arrived earlyWednesday night were in uniformarid doing guard duty on the Univer- jsity campus within a short time aftertheir arrival. By Wednesday nightall the members of the camp had beenvaccinated and inoculated againsttyphoid.The University of Kentucky is nowtraining the maximum number ofmen allotted to a technical institution. Purdue university, one of thelargest technical schools of theUnited States, has the same numberto train as the University of Kentucky has. Major Henry P. Rhodesstated he was gratified at the remarkable showing the Tennesseanshad made here. No finer work, hesaid, is being done than by the technical schools in the training of thefisrhting mechanic. The present contingent was assigned to work on theicampus.BREEDERS' ASSOCIATION SUEDFOR HVE YEARS' BACK TAXESThe Commonwealth, by WaltonM. Byars, of Louisville, RevenueAgent for the State at large, filedsuit in County Court, at Lexington,recently, aginst the KentuckyHorse Breeders' Association for backtaxes on intangible property notassessed for the years of 1914, 1915,1916, 1917, 1918. A similar suit wasfiled by Byars against the KentuckyAssociation, which owns the runningtrack, charging this corporation withthe failure to hand in items totalling$125,800 for taxation for the years1914, 1915, 1916, 1917, 1918.m m isWHEATLESS AND MEATLESSDAYS SOON TO BE OVER.WASHINGTON, July 22. Relieffor the United States from wheatlessand meatless days is near. Bothwere adopted as temporary expedients. With a bumper crop of wheatalready being reaped, relaxation ofthe voluntary wheatless program ofthe Food Administration can be expected within the next two weeks.The country will probably beasked to accept victory bread -as itsstaple bread base, or a mixture of 80per cent wheat flour and 20 per centsubstitutes.America's allies in Europe will continue using a mixed bread, and it isthe plan to keep the entire alliedworld on a similar dietic basis, so faras may be possible. But the wheatless days will go.Beef less and meatless days alsowill go about August 1. These arethe big features of the new conservation program, b.ut the same conditions which cause the abandonmentof the wheatless days havePresident to decide to vett -fixingthe price of wheat c abushel at primary markets.IS fe feSight Not to Be Forgotten.When one is fortunate enough to seea line of swans etched upon the skynear sunset, a mile or more high, ashas been my luck but twice in mylife, one has seen something he willnot soon forget. John Burroughs, in"the Atlantic.FACTS WORTH P0,WIIGfcjQreat rltaiji.nd. Ireland rconsraihe80;(X)&'raDbita( as food annually:iorblow two.soapfcubblesUt ojceyoneiwithln the other.ls the jrarpose ofaMebtiy; patented pipe. " ?The I Pennsylvania railro&d statesthat shipJEJer$Jc6ild:,saye $2,0p jyear 'by more' carefully"' packingfreightJapanese copper mines yielded 111,562 tons of ore last year, an increaseof nearly 30,000 tons from the preceding year.Apparatus has been invented for accurately testing the hardness of metalsby showing their resistance to theteeth of files.English chemists have made a synthetic turpentine at what Is said to be'onethird the cost of the genuineAmerican article.Eighty thousand women are servingwith the Bed Cross ambulances andhospitals in France, Algeria, Moroccoand in the Orient.A Japanese is the Inventor of astreet sprinkler that distributes waterso as to form advertisements onsmooth pavements.Clad only in nightgown and overshoes and chasing a coyote carrying apair of fat hens in its mouth for adistance of half a mile in zero weatherwas the stunt of Ernest Barnes, afarmer near Smith Center, Kan.Henry B. Pierce, an English shipowner, who started life in humble circumstances as a laborer in the harborworks at Messina and afterwards became one of the leading shipowners inItaly, has just died at his home nearNaples, leaving a fortune of $20,000,000. At the great Messina earthquakenine years ago all the other membersof his family were killed.IWARDEPARTIIXEWI&mPOINTED PARAGRAPHSY;TS.0H.WASHINGTON, July 22, American trpttps i';,cb-oiterating :with - theFrenchlriirsday night; 'swept allbefore them oh the Western frontsince the British attack on Cambraiin the, autumn' of 19.0.7.,Latest reports to the War Department from General Pershing declaredthe counter-offensive, having attainedall objectives originally laid down,still was in progress.Secretary of -War Baker issued thefollowing statement:The War Department has receivedfrom General . Pershing an officialconfirmation , of the opening of, thecounter-offensive along the lines carried in the newspaper dispatches.American troops are participatingboth as complete . divisions and asunits in association with the French."The French objectives seem everywhere to have been attained, andwhile no accurate count has beenmade; it is clear, that many prisonershave been taken, and guns and otherwar material captured."Our official reports also confirmthe fact that American soldiers advanced with the greatest dash andgallantry, and still were advancingwhen last heard from."Approximately 300,000 Americansare understood to be engaged in theoperation, both as shock troops andas reserves and supply units.Up to the time when' Pershing lastreported thousands of Germans hadbeen made prisoners and more thana score of field guns captured. It isthe first instance of heavy guns takenfrom the enemy on' the Westernfront this year.Tremendous possibilities are foreseen by the military experts in Washington allied as well as American.Many believe it marks a completepassing of the initiative from theGermans to the allies. Most of themagree that it will compel a withdrawal of the enemy in the SoissonsRheims salient, and a consequent removal of the menace to Paris.Practically all are as one in theconviction that the American forcesin Thursday's tremendous operationhave established themselves henceforth as the peace-jmakers for all theallied forces along a certain line tovictory.The effect upon the German armiesis expected to be enormous. Uponthe war-weary, disillusioned Germannation it is anticipated the effect willbe well-nigh disastrous.No one in responsible position goesso faras to predict that Thursday'sIt takes two banana skins to make a 4;urn of the tide means the beginningEvery woman who is a good listeneris truly unselfish.pair of slippers.An old bachelor says that a certificate of birth Is a milk ticketA man who boasts of having smallfeet has the same kind of brain.Girls are illogical because they aretoo fond of begging the question.Some girls go abroad to completetheir education, and others get married at home.Many a man who couldn't train adog decently Imagines that he Is anideal child trainer.It Is usually a case of misplacedconfidence when a woman marries aman for the purpose of reforming him.When a woman doses her Invalidhusband with herb tea and he doesn'tget well he Is either contrary or ungrateful. VHelping Htm Some.She "What did your rich uncle saywhen you asked him to help you makea name?" He "Gave me a copy ofthe city directory." Judge.WA RMap Free!SUNSET MAGAZINEincreases it rates to 20c percopy on news stands and$2.00 per yearly subscription, beginning withSeptember Issue, 1918.A LAST CHANCEto subscribe to SUNSETMagazine at the old priceof $1.50 per year and receive aLarge Liberty War Map ofthe Western Battle FrontFREE !This remarkable offer isopen to all whose subscriptions will be received atthis office up to August 15,1918. Subscribe before thisdate and save the price ofTWO THRIFT STAMPS"Kill two birds with onestone" Help the Government and yourself.SUNSET MAGAZINECALIFORNIATHINGS YOU MAY NOT KNOWOf the old-time vegetable dyes Brazil possesses an almost endless variety.In some parts of northern Arabiathe hills are so well stocked with beesthat no sooner are hives placed thanthey are occupied.Tungsten, which only in m recentyears has come Jto general use, wasdiscussed exhaustively by a Spanishtreatise written In 1781.With the lions, tigers and 'Othermembers of the cat tribe, the nightfinds them at their liveliest, and theysleep most between the midday mealand supper time.Because of the war Scotland hasbeen cutting down a great many treesto supply its own needs. Much of theland thus cleared will eventually beused for agriculture.Currants from Greece are nowpacked by machinery in a' mannerwhich Is far more cleanly and economical han the old "band methods."The latter have always been questionable.of the end. But with victory perchedhigh on the allied colors, officials believe that portentious events are inthe makiiig to seal the fate of therulers who would be gods.The German armies and the German people, it is believed here, cannot be fooled into the belief thatThursday's events are by way of accident. They must be convinced, however, that there is a new foe in thefield, against which all the boastedefficiency of the German army can-In'ot avail in the final recko-ning.American troops, which they contejmptuousfy regarded, blocked completely the pathway of the Kaiser'slatest offensive. And Americantroops, in'the .vanguard of Thursday'sadvance, have made the Bpches turntail and run like hell. Old rules ofthe game must be cast aside, for theAmericans, it is pointed out, are following new tactics.Incidentally, it became knownThursday that the movement ofAmerican troops to France thismonth will exceed all previous records in the already unprecedentedachievement of transportation. Indications now are that if the war goesanother year, as most experts agree,the United States may have in Francean army second in size, only to thatof France.Of tremendous importance to dispassionate observers here in Washington shoulder-strapped strategists of the General Staff and theArmy War College is the evidencedeveloped by Thursday's stroke thatat last General Foch, thanks to thesuperhuman efforts of the UnitedStates in moving: troops across theAtlantic, has sufficient reserves inhis army to proceed from now to develop offensive operations all alongthe line from Flanders to Lorraine.v In launching a 25-mile frontal attack in one sector while another sector is under heavy attack is something which the allies have never before been able to do. Volumes arespoken in the simple fact that it wasunnecessary for Foch to weaken hisline at any point in order to undertake Thursday's operation.Not a single unit of the 2,000,000British forces defending the approaches to the channel ports had toworld can look forward confidentlyto the day, near at hand when theGerman armies on 'all fronts will beon the defensive.A cablegram from the Americanconsul at Padang, Sumatra, receivedApril 22, states that the governmenthas prohibited the exportation of cinchona bark, quinine, quinine salts, tin,tin ore and kapok.Fresh Beef TravelsonaFreifa beef for domestic markets goes from itockyards toretail stores within a period ofabout two weeks. "Althoughchilled, this meat is not frozen;. hence it cannot be stored for arise in price.A steer is dressed usuallywithin twenty-four hours afterpurchase by the packer. Thebeef is held in a cooler at thepacking house, at a temperaturea little above freezing, for aboutthree days.It is then loaded into a refrigerator car where a similar temperature is maintained, and isin transit to market on an average of about six days.Upon arrival at the branchdistributing house, it is unloadedinto a "cooler", and placed onsale.Swift & Company requires allbeef to be sold during the weekof arrival, and the average ofsales is wfthin five days.Any delay along the abovejourney irLeans deterioration inthe meat and loss to the packer.Swift & Company, U. S. A.o-Ts ?s 5a-P00LED WOOL CROP OF GRANTCOUNTY DELIVERED.Uruguay has appointed a commission to investigate the feasibility ofa scheme to turn the locust pest intoa blessing by using these Insects in themanufacture of fertilizer,, soap and lubricants and stock feed.The hell of Mahomet-Is as full ofterror as his heaven is of delight. Thewicked will suffer alternately fromcold and heat; when thirsty, boilingwater will be given them, and theywill be shodwlth shoes of fire.A brass band and football andcricket teams are found among students of the missionary college atLovedale, South Africa, the only Institution in the Dark Continent that ofThe Grant County News says:The pooled wool in Grant Countywas delivered here.. There were 48,000 pounds of wool in the pool. Theprice was 78 cents a pound, or 77.5after deducting expenses. It is notprobable that there was more than30 per cent, of Grant County's totalcrop of wool in the pool, which wouldshow a total production for thiscounty of 160,000 pounds. The dealers bought the wool . which was notpooled at 71 and 72 cents per pound.The average price paid the growerwas probably about 73 cents, including the pooled product. This wouldgive wool growers of the county$116,800, a pretty nifty sum fromthis source. Estimating four poundsto the fleece, there should be about40,000 sheep in the county. Thesesheep will average at least one lambto a ewe. At the prices being -paidfor lambs at the present time theywill average at least $12 per head,and should give the sheep men andwopi growers $ssu,uuu ior iambs, orUheZPendletonSJiop133 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactiopby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. The"co3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.'A phone brings us. 'toLEVY, THE DRY ;CLEANESXJXVSAN FRANCISCO, ;(24jul3r-.4t) ... i -. 4,4-al l.. 0trn tn r itI a, iuii uj. uecni,y puuu,UUU ior. WOOl!:8iA:Ok'.tx .. .-j ana iamDs comoinear' .-LumDeriand r&one w -: Hom PhM ifio2&-i-l-' v9kS1 -fers Africansetftibta'. " "''a standard college ,eduv ' r;'.TUESDAY, JtJLY 2, 1918.THHB0U1B0K HEWS, PAKK, ilWTfOiTr """Tl";vTttt; .-r- rr-r- ' inn warn. K?'. 'LOBSTER NOW LHXBRy.EI By No Means an Easy Task for StoleFood HaS Passed BeVOnd thA I " to Hit the Furnace DoorReach of the Poorer People.Should Catch Small Lobster and LeaveLarger Ones to Breed, Is OpinionExpressed by Expert.The lobster has passed beyond thereach of the poor and has become aluxury only to be enjoyed by the rich.Bvry year the price of lobsters advances a few points, and even at thehighest price offered it is difficult toobtain them. From Massachusettsjomes the information that were itnot for the catches in Maine and NovaScotia, lobsters could not be had in'Massachusetts, for the waters of that,state nave been fished out. In 1888, sothe Boston Transcript says, 1,740,850lobsters of legal size were caught inMassachusetts. In 1914, only 16,138were taken there.. ,The opinion seemsto be gaining ground in Massachusettsthat a mistake has been made In dealing with the lobster industry. Thesmall lobster has been protected, whilethe large lobster, which' is the oneWhich produces an enormous quantityt-T TZZi:EEcatch the small lobster, so It Is argued, 1j i .u .. . b" 'and leave the bigger ones to breed.There seems to be some virtue in1W V.WWLCUL1UU, utuuae iu smce oi melobster hatching plants maintained bythe federal government fewer lobstersare being taken each year, while thedemand for them Is continually Increasing. This, of course, accounts forthe high prices. ' It Is also claimedthat in planting lobster fry the federalagenjls have made serious blunders.The fry hive been liberated in placeswhere they have been subjected to theattacks of other fish, and few of thelobsters hatched in the governmentplants have everwhere they couldselves. The experienced fisherman ofthe Maine coast have frequently calledattention to the mistakes which were iha'tely, one man clung to it all thebeing made In lobster propagation and way, "however, and he also It waspreservation, but as frequently hap-! who taking advantage of -the tiltpens In the making of laws, "the opin-' finally rendered It harmless by pushions of men- who know omethlng-';rng irWer6rTits side, where it was.about lobsters and their habits have left wiggling lmpotently like an overbeen Ignored, and the theorists have turned turtle.been the only ones consulted. ( v -----If the federal government should put j Primroses,a closed time on lobsters forl8everal j wag at the raiiroad'statlon in Lonyears and arrange with the Canadian f doilf England, when the ambulancegovernment to do the same thing, it is; train came,says a correspondent, andreasonable to suppose that the 'lob a$ the Vretchefs were gently liftedsters would increase- and' this Industry font! 1dfy picked up a damp littlewould regain something of the magnl-l hunch ot ptoses and wood anemtude it has lost But we have no idea ones' which had fallen at my feet,that such a plan will be adopted. Itj A paIr-0f qack eyes, slightly dlmwould be strenuously opposed by the med withpain, noticed. "They're, mine,dealers, who now make large profits j mlsgf f you dod.f mind must havemuicuuNu, mm yruuaiMy-oy - "-fishermen' also, who'have"7fdfislaerable"capital tied up In their fishing gear.WhaThas happened in Massachusetts,where few lobsters are now beingtaken, "must eventually take place InMaine, and unless some radical step isadopted the time Is not far away when'even as a luxury the lobster will be-!come so scarce as to be beyond thereach of everyone save the epicurean. me yiuiuv;iaLic citisa. -jruruuuuPress.Fish Eggs.The'cod is estimated to yield 45,000,000 eggs each season. As many as8,000,000, 9,000,000 and even 9,500,000eggs bave been found In the roe of asingle cod. An eel was caught In Scotland some years ago which containedupward of 10,000,000 eggs. This, however, would appear to have been an exceptional find, and it is generally admitted that the cod la more prolificthan any other fish. Though notequaling the cod, many kinds of fishare exceedingly prolific. More than38,000 eggs have been counted in aherring, 38,000 in a smelt, 1.000.00Cin a sole, 1,120,000' in a roach,3,000,000 in a sturgeon, 342,000 in acarp, 383,000 In a tench, 546,000 Ina mackerel, 992,000 In a perch, and1357,000 In a flounder. ,The oysteris also very prolific. It has been ascertained by recent observation thatIn the liquor of their "shells smalloysters can be seen by aid of the ml--croscope120 In the space of an inch,covered with shells, and swimming actively about. A herring weighing sixor seven ounces Is provided withabout 30,000 eggs. It has been estimated that In three years a single pairof herrings would produce 154,000,000.Buffon calculated that If a pairof herrings could be left to breed andmultiply undisturbed for a period oi20 years they would yield an amount-of fish equal in bulk to the globe,London Tit-Bits.An Aid to Memory.The stranger in camp, pointed to aa.!- - T,i. -- . - astack of armv hats andcaDS" on ashelf behind the desk in the "Y" hut ''Said 'he to the secretary: J"I didn't know you ran a clothingtare.w J"We don't," replied the secretary.1"Stick around a minute and you'll underatandi" IBefore the minute had ended, a ladin khaki cam In."Got, a baseball to lend mef easked the maa at the desk.. "Sure thingsThe secretary produced a ball from ajbox under -the,, counter, the1 pWte&f,'clzed it leftIs, kat in pant- aw&w -iLwiA wi.s winter.rushed away barl4adeditowa4, tht':"- t . . f..-.""V' nA'J"nPiayinr ueio.' - Vathlettcqnterteat at.fiaM 0 ta?tsecr(kifry-sthisfway issliipiand more effective. We never rum mtOf TnagaJiaTIa nrtUt-avrrit-'-r r. a r.x--, v - - -THEIR-OWN TROUBLESv When Ship Rells.It was while I was being initiatedInto the technique of stoking by, shoveling coal under the boilers thata change of course brought theswinging seas dead abeam, and set theship rolling even more drunkenly thanbefore, writes Iewis R. Freeman inPopular Mechanics Magazine. Afterfailing to hit the "dark spots'and"hollows" two or three times as Istaggered to the roll, and once evenmissing the furnace door itself, oneof the stokers, takings compassion, relieved me of the scoop and put thetrouble right with a half-dozen quickly tossed shovelfuls. I was franklyglad to work over to t where I couldtake a "half-nelson", round, a "bar bythe starboard bunker.A heavy slam-banging from the opposite end of the boiler room indicatedthat' things -were not. goipg quite sosmoothly there, and edging cautiouslyaong, T was presently able to getsome hint of the cause from the wordsof a volubly- cursing-stoker who-limpedj out to telj me that the "bllnkin skipI 'no nnr nhovnn " DnMtlm. t.nl.n4iwuii v-uuifec. ivuuuiug a ui mseusnm ana glowering oaieruiiy from aX," , , "s"""' u""" "Vs-plained, in language-more forceful thanelegant? that impractlcal theorlsthad encouraged them to experimentwith wheels on the side of the skip,with the Idea of making it easier topush about over the coal-cluttereddeck. In the picturesque language ofthe sea, it had "taken chr,rg " andso effectually that one swift,- straightrush to starboard, follower, by a "googly" progress back tc port, put everyman who, either by chance or intent,barred Its way, more or less hors decombat.Straight down the one-In-three Incline from the Dort to the starboardattained a size . bunkers lolloped the juggernaut, dashlook after them- Incr the nrntefittno- flnntnmfps nt Miastokers to left and right as 'it went.Spitting -blood and oaths Indlscrim-- faneiro - fr of my biaWetfmiTllo -useat present,-as you-see."I made the posy quite safe thistime, near enough tohls face for thefresh smell of the moss which stillclung about the stalks to reach, him.! I wish that whoever had gathered andtied nn all these litfle nnsips in sonmpeacefUi woodland spot, and sent themwIth such care to Waterioo labeled,For tne wounded," could have beenstanding by my side that night.Malaria Attacks Army.The Annates de Medicine says, onthe authority of Delllle and his vCOworkers, "that the epidemic of malaria that has affected the armies operating in Macedonia forms, if not themost important, at least one of themost important, epidemics known inhistory. Not since the armies ofXerxes were decimated by malaria Inthat same regioVhluf there beexTa situation comparable to that of thesemodern forces in the Macedonian valleys and marshes. The extreme gravity of the Infection, fthfe early andlarge proportion 'of pernicious cases,the apparent failure of preventivedoses of quinine, the prevalence ofmalignant tertian malaria and the frequency of hemoglobinuria were specialfeatures.Little Bread Winners.Before -the war 250,000 Britishschoolchildren under fourteen years ofage were working for wages out ofschool; since the war the number haslargely Increased. Here are a few instances : A boy of ten working fortyseven and three-quarter hours a weekIn addition to attending school; a boyof eleven years working two and ahalf hours before school, two and-ahalf hours after school, and thirteenhours on Saturday; a boy of twelveworking one hour before school, onehoar at midday, four hours afterschool, and thirteen hours on Saturday. Saving let.jq response to a request by the food-- r . -- T'rrr -. . -t ?.- ' - - ,raamintstrauon tnat tne .use or -artificialice be reduced-' to a minimum, alarge hdtel of 'New York city has posted a notice In each room asking thatguests -rise Ice sparlngly..The resulthas-been, a reduction in the calls forice water. t Ammonia Is used- In largequantities in making artificial ice and,because of the demand for this Important" chemtcarinne manufacture'or- explosives, snortage .nas oeencreated:'' tAppropriata.Mr... BaconAre vdlirough with" ' T. . w -kit-lkT IW.f vL.- i fofi,MM. Bac Why, yaa.y iHt itr f.;TxsuppNses.Bt what, do youwant ifforri want to use It on the scart-crow,. iiaBaBhniaiABaau&jaakMBA'--- -' m r - -m'imi.'kmmmmmmiffmommm.THE DUCK POND."Around a duck pond," said Daddy,"was a walk made of wood or boards.Around this sometimes the duckswould walk, but more often they wouldjust stand around the pond In a circle. "There were diving boards and littlesteps by which the ducks could wobble down Into the water."As they were standing around theedge of "the pond, most of them standing on one foot, Mrs. Goose and Mr.Gander walked along through the yard,with their heads held very high." 'Good-flay 'said Mrs. Green. Shehad been given that nam by the. otherducks because her head was coveredwith." Tefy lovely -dark green -feathers."Mrs. Goose and Mr. Gander walkedon, raising their heads still higher,and paying no attention to anyone."Aren't they absurd?" asked Mrs.Green of the other ducks.." 'Absolutely absurd,' said Mrs. Indian Runner. She was a duck who"Aren't TheyAbsurd 7"Green.Asked Mrs.cared far less for the water than mostducks."They're not at all good looking,'quacked Mrs. Mallard Duck, who careda great 'deal about good looks."'They certainly are not," agreedMrs.1 White Pekln Duck."There were ducks of all colors andkinds around the pond, but all of themquacked, and jnost of them loved tostand on one leg, with the other upunder their 'feathers', and to gossip"hnd chatter. " ' ' '"'Geese are so cross,' said Mrs.Green, as she splashed down into.Jthe'water and began to swim about." 'They are,' said Mrs". TVhlte Duck,'but I have become so excited talkingabout them that I have grown verywarm. I must have a swim.' And soshe went Into the water, too."Finally most of the ducks wereswimming around. Pretty soon thegeese came walking back again. Mrs.Goose still had her head just as highin the air and so had Mr. Gander."4If I were you, either of you, infact,' said Mrs. Indian Runner Duck,I wouldn't hold my head so high.'You've got entirely too long necks.They're not a bit beautiful. In fact,they're rather queer.'"Who cares for the opinion of aduck?' shrieked Mr. Gander, and hisshrleTc was quite the most terrific andstrange-sounding shriek Mrs. IhdjanRunner had heard In along time."It quite startled all the ducks. Mrs.Goose stopped, too, and shrieked withher husband.vno cares lor the opinion of aduck?'"They were both shrieking now wfththeir high, queer weird voices, and theducks were becoming used to them.They were always 'startled by thevoices of the geese after they hadbeen silent for a time."'Who cares for the opinion of aduck?' shrieked Mr. Gander again."'I do, for -one, said Mrs. IndianRunner Duck." 'I do, for another, said Mrs. Mallard Duck. - '"And I most certainly do, for athird,' said Mrs. Green." 'Quack, quack, by all means I carefor the opinion of a duck,' said Mrs.White Pekln Duck." -Quack, quack, quack, I care for noother opinion,' said Mrs. White Duck."Harkeri to the duck pond a-talk-ing, and a-quacking, said Mr. Gander,as he turned his long neck and lookedat Mrs. Goose."It's quite absurd said Mrs.Goose, 'quite absurd. We know betterthan--to -pay-any attention to whatthey say -" 'Can't you be more sociable? askedMrs. Green, who wanted to be friend-,ly with all her. neighbors." 'It's" quite impossible for us to haveanything to do with ducks. Welfnotfight with you, but we can't associatewith -you. We don't- like any creaturesbqt ourselves, and how "cotrtd! we? WVreso' used to CTosslfess' that W love itrand other creatures don't-" 'Can't you, become used to being.pleasant?' asked Mrs. GreenWe don't care to bepleasantshrieked Mr. Gander"!- '"We'd hate to bV pleasant addedMrs. Goose. . ?" 'Well, now I see why they're calletfge,se,;fc ;said Mrsr-GreenM as threy-SAroghHfoeir fe&s ef eTfel'd so high,"v'Hf "erause rney naren't'tTgtobje1pleaalit!', V"the senses toVV4 iRifLines to-BT'emenibrei,tTiO good With whut f-hnn h' nr !"Nsa-.k- . .i - . . . .inww - - J. - m . - iv . -y ,-,www6 swu, t,n iiuiu rcau.m flVA.,AW- MniiuniiHHwiiMiMMimMMiattmuiiuiiiiitiiiMiuaaMaaCONFESSIONSBy AGNES Q. BROGAN.Judith; in ber pretty frock, sat atthe piano and played enchantingly.Douglas, back among the shadows,sighed as the. tender words came tohim. Something about:"When breeze of springtime blows thelilac blooms apart, -Theimage of one's first love is shakenon one's heart""That's 'true he murmured Involuntarily; Judith swung around on the stool."Speakingfroih- experience V she teased, but the serious face of her fianceechecker-further raillery.'-Dearest' he said, "come 'here. Thatpathetic little song has awakened memories ;- perhaps -I owe you- aconfesslon. . I was very insistent, you remember, probing into your girlishfriendships, to. make sure there hadbeen no other love before me. Yourmore generous nature did not requirethat assurance."What Is it your song says, Judith?'The Image oft one's first love Is shakenon one's heart Well, the pitiful memory that stirsn my;heart, hut makesme love you "more. Yet, it Is there,every springtime, with the coming ofthe flowers. It was spring time whenI met her, the girl -who claimed myfirst youthful fancy. When I havetold you!of her, the ghost may be forever laid, and flowers lose their powerto shake this image on my heart."The man laughed shortly. "An uneasy conscience would be the moretruthful explanation of my memories,"he said. "I had just graduated fromcollege, when 'father sent me over toFrance to learn that branch of ourbusiness. My duties brought me intouch with the peasant class, andthere was among our workers a littlemaid, golden haired, with the appealing dark eyes of a child. She wasvery shy, Marie."She llved'farther up In the village,she told me, and aimlessly one evening I made my way to the cottagehome. Hardly more than one room itwas, andf spring flowers' blooming allaround. There was a white ruflled1curtain in the window, and Marie'spotted flowers nodding there, too. Shewore a white muslin cap on her head,and her eyes 'would dance beneath itssaucy fold, as I talked my stammeringFrehchI"' fThe man paused, again he sighed. "Ithougtitfitf was love;""he 8Ald"Marie8invalid 'mother would call to us' cheerily from" Jher' couch as we sat 'side bysldePon the 'porch stone- at" twilight.And one nighV when.the'scent of flowers, and the silvering moonlight seemed to fill the world with magic 1 askedMarie to be my wife."Quick and tearful was her acceptance. '"My son!' called the mother fromher couch, and it was done. Afterthat, I know not how, the romancefled. Evenings upon the porch stone,grew to be wearisome realities, Mariewith her pretty tricks of expressionbut the amusing 'peasant girl of theworkroom."Douglas paused; Judith, with acatch . in her voice 'spoke"And then?"T came away," he answered slowly,"bacrto:i,thIs "country.""The French girl loved you?" Judith persisted.JLcross,, thai", man's eyes -flashed amemory of ''Marie's1 of t-Tepefated assurance. Impatiently he nodded his head.His,, fiancee, arose wearily. "You lefthertolbreak"he'r"heart she a'ceused,-twtUle'ybiTfound :balMpthess; with me.Do you think I can keep you now; Douglas, with that always between us? Oh I"she turned on him fiercely, ''did you"send her. no consoling message? Didyou not try to learn what became '-ofthat poor little unhappy thing, withher sick mother?"'1 wrote her," the man answereddoggedly, "saying that it had all-been-J a mistake. Her' response came.but-much was unintelligible to me."Judith's lip curled .scornfully. "Ifyou still have that letter, may I seeit?" she asked."I will bring It to you," Douglaspromised. But his fiancee shook herhead."You may mail it," she said.- tfldo not wish to see you again until Ihave thought things out.""You mean 7 he demanded, butthe girl eluded his outstretched arms.The scent of spring flowers seemed'nauseating, as he gloomily passed outthrough the garden, then in desperateresignation Douglas searched-out theoIdTfenchJetterindmailed.it . .After a misery of waiting Judithsummoned binvbt' telephone.. Marie's gtt "'she , began evenly,appears juso xo oe a coniession. Tnelittle peasant girl" was inarrylnfjyqu"to - benefit, her invalid aKrtktn cThetrue love of-awJnVbnthonesT Frenchmfrbfn dmoIater-thereby. Your Jtjparture'.afforded her-5JTuenn.renr,aa so r so writes;'Allwas wett-fr fed- wei0 ' 'Douglas sookererltf: 'Tf "MariahsnoJWfYhsr said, tcaura as wit' ijdtremulously, "and cannot"Judith, In her white frock, was atthe pianouwhen ha' entered the room.M'WhenVbriee of spriagtlme blows(sheifhi)tB 'lilac bloomsapart.The-image pfftnrttrae lova is shakenut have changed "the wording, DoagIasVaae laughingly said, and slippadr H,i)i rwsyaaMtgjtiyr-.T'3c.-iv - tWiii mhi,mrmrw ywwm wgyou decrs.my punishment?"'"I' 'havV'toailtf ?iirl1 iBBBBBiaaTBTav-R 1 IIIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT AM I l& 1 ? l-m -W 14 sHHi 1 sr -aW '1 ?,aIE.aTj . 1. HILET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None-better made.We are also exclusive agents, for theViking Cream Separators. Call and let us show them "to you.LOWRY& MAYHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then'teke'theproceedsofQiis-laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. YEATCH.District ManagerBourbonDAVIS & PUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4BBsssaE'T -. j' "The Bourbon LaundryParis,Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGsLet us make an estimate Tor you ie-fore placing your order. Caff usover Home Phone 399.K AIM E,5?Sand that Naxt lafet-rts.hssSNAGEusW. H. CANN0ITLocal Manage?LaundryWest Fifh Street.aaaaaaavaaiaaaaaaaaaaaaaiMiaflaaaaaaaaaiaaaBaaaaaaaBaaaaBaBBBaBBBaHafSATISFACTION !OUR WATCHWORD! 1With all the latest improve- mments in laundry appliances;and expert helpers we are " J:prepared to do work infe- 1rior to none, and solicit Kyour patronage. iKentuckyI'!.off Prtetta t TfcaWOrKf RsSsil rTfCvvr-iitxm-iirt-'?" Jf r.Xi ' -M -i & "Cf "1-V'-'-1 ' 7 JT - ,r"LTUB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, SY.MiianrTUESDAY, JXILT- 23? 1J18.t -,fcj.1 -i j ..:. ,.,-yi1. T V rf .-iminiiiiimi nwtittH' " tttiiimimii"'ESS THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOf-41; The J. T. Hinton Go. iUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSI i . r ,Paris JEy.Mainand SixthStreets'Day phone 36Nlsht s . - SGor Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach. -Hearse used for funeral purposes only.. yiUllltHIMHIItMllllllllMllMlHHimHMllllv Kentucky. He was also in charge ofv the congregation of the PresbyterianMELLERSBURG church at NickolEtsville; leaving there' twenty-five years ago to' take chargeWWWWWWWWWWWWWW,nf tbp- r.hnrr.h at nanvillp Vaw w " " " " "" ' " -' -; Mrs. Dennis McMahan is ill withTyphoid fever.s Mrs. Maude Barnett, of Lexing-ion, is a guest of Mrs. Mattie Hawes.Mr. G. W. Clifford and familyJleft Friday for a visit to relatives at-T Dayton, 0.Miss Alma Duke Jones leftThursday for a visit to friends in-Atlanta, Ga.- Master Alexander Bruce is improving after a chronic attack of appendicitis. Mr. G. S. Allen and sister, Mrs.3Trsrikie Cook, are visiting relativesin Winchester.Mrs. W- V. Shaw, of Paris, wa39. guest of Mrs. Owen Ingels duringithe JJhautauqua.- iss Helen Carot, guest of Miss"TAlfa Ball, has returned to her homein Portsmouth, Ohio.Mrs. Wm. H. Cannon and baby,oT Paris, are guests of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Jones.Mrs. C. L. Vimont has returned-r iiter a few weeks' visit to her aia. rt'ter, Mrs. Smith, at Plemingsburg.Kisses Pauline and Bernice Lind,-r-" -sey: wkS. Mrs. George Johnson, oft Xrexinjgton,' are guests of Miss Marthairiith.Miss minnis Dailey, of Nicholas !coiHityj -arid Mr. Thos. Murray, of this jplace.i .were 'married in Lexington,r last-eek. ISIrs.IThomas Pickerell and Mrs.Harry King and children; of Carlisle,were guests ,of Mrs. J. D. Judy, Fri-day evening.- .-'ifctrMastefsByraii and Charles Vi-? Troon's. left Saturday for a two-week3"" " visit to their aunt,: Mrs. Omar Rat-SUffiafe?Sharpsburg.' t Hte, qofd Mrs. Madiso'n Dimmitt,""6I 3incinnuti," arrived Saturday asquests of their uncle and aunt, Mr.:and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt. ,Mrs. Elizabeth Myers has returned to her home at Ringo, Ga.,rafter a several weeks visit to herf- brother, Dr. J. D. Calhoun, and fam-i-ily- , --Miss-EdnavMae Stewart left Sat? urday for -her home in Cincinnati,fter a few weeks' visit to her unclex :and-.aunV Me. uhd Mrs. J. H. Stew-f-art.Mrs. "Ed." Taylor, of Maysville,-- -an Mrs. T. K. Smith, of Paris, were--among" the out-of-town guests wnoattended the funeral of Mr. W. M."Burroughs, Friday.Mrs. 0. E. Adams, of Louisville," left Friday for a visit to her childdren, Mrs. Joe Conley and Vaughn.Adams, at Ewing, after a few days'- visit to Mrs. S. C. Carpenter.- Mr. Arthur Thomason and son,'"Eldin Thomason, left for their homein- Chicago, 111., Saturday, after atwo-weeks' visit to his parents,Esquire and Mrs. E. P. Thomason.Word lias been received that the"Dr. Barrow Hospital Unit No. 40,' "has arrived safely in France. Millersburg has .three boys in the unit" Thomas Gilmore, R. E. Caldwell and- J. A. Ingles.Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Prewitt were--quests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Bedell Chanslor, at 'Stanford, from-Saturday until Monday. The Pruittchildren who have oeen with, theirgrandparents for several weeks re? turaed home with. them.JDr. W. E. Savage, of Cincin- natir fa now Captain In a medicalvunit at Camp Wheeler, near Macon, 1Ga. Dr. Savage is an old Millersburg"boy aad gave up a lucrative practicela Cincinnati to serve his country.He i a son of the late T. E. Savage.X message was received heretelling of the death in Danville, Vir--rikia.of Bev. William "Laird. Rev.Xaira was, formerly pastor of 'theMilj1rsrlribTtEian cTruxcV..He:.was well-known throughout CentralJulian Allen, Julian Adair andH. C. Current are promoters of anAugust Dance, a subscription affair,which will be given in the Odd Fellows' Hall, in this city, on Wednesday evening, August 7. Music forthe dancers will be furnished by theSmith Saxophone Sextette. Thedancers will have from nine to threein which to enjoy the pleasures ofthe dance. A large attendance is expected from surrounding cities.5i 5i teIt has just about gotten so in thiscountry that playing pool is one ofour most hazardous indoor sports.isa te fcaProbably the main reason why aboy is a boy is because he wouldrather dive into a swimming holethan wash his feet in a tub.Tuesday, July" 3rdWilliam Fox Presents"CHEATINGTHE PUBLIC"The great food riots;The waiting electric chair; 'The factory girls -fight forlife;The exciting night 'race.-Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, in"THE HOUSE OF HATE"SEEWednesday, July 24th!Jesse ! La sky PresentsSessile HayakawaIN"THE HONOROF HIS HOUSE"ALSO'Luke' Comedy and Pathe NewsThursday, July 25thGoldwyn PresentsMae MarshIN"The Face in the Dark"By Irvin S. CobbnTJprt drma of thriUs d suathmgs.even detectives couldn't guess atfTtt,nd ,,ff Conwd "MwtinTheda Bara," and Path News,PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult ISc-war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRY(Continued from Page 1)congratulations and best wishes fora safe journey!ifCounty Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood received a postcardyesterday from his brother, Dr. E. S.Caywood, forpierly of this county,announcing his safe arrival onFrench soil. Dr. Caywood is a member of the 51st Infantry, in the Medical Corps, of the American Expeditionary Force. . &.Dr. Woolfolk Barrow, of Lexington, received a cablegram from Djf.David Barrow telling of the saflanding in France of Hospital UnitNo. 40. This is the first officialnews that has been received from Dp.Barrow since leaving New York.The cablegram does not give thename of the town from which tttjmessage was sent. Dr. Barrowircablegram follows:"Dr. Woolfolk Barrow, Lexington,Kentucky:"Safe arrival. Notify all interested."DAVID BARROW." ?i- -William Lawrence, alleged to be an,army deserter, was taken to Ff:Thomas, last week, by Chief of PolicerLink, and turned over to the militaryauthorities at that place. Lawrencewas arrested as a deserter from theaimy camp at Camp' Wadsworth,near Spartansburg, South Carolina.Before his arrest his regiment hadstarted for service overseas. He is abrother of Litt Lawrence, now amember of the draft contingent sentfrom Ft. Thomas last week to CampMeade, in Maryland.' v'Friends and relatives in this cityhave received word from James M.Connell, who left with the Bourbondraftees for Ft. Thomas' in May, andlater transferred to Camp Merritt, N.J., was one of thirty-three from thatcamp sent to the Officers TrainingCamp at Camp Lee, near Petersburg,Virginia.Gen. Roger Williams, a native ofthis city, left Lexington, Saturdayevening for New York, from wherehe sailed from France. Gen. Williams enlisted in the Red Cross service several weeks ago, and was appointed Field Representative or ZoneCommander in charge of all the RedCross military activities in the warzone to which he has been assigned.Gen. Williams has a brilliant recordas a soldier and officer, and will provea most valuable addition to the RedCross official force.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtst "Sometimes a man is so overworkedhe has to hire a manicurist to repairhis finger nails? 'THIRD LIBERTY LOAN BEINGRAPIDLY PAID UP.Millions of purchasers of their liberty loan bonds paid to the banks the35 per cent installment of their subscriptions due last week. Indications were that most of the $934,000,000 still due on the liberty loanwould be paid into the treasury atthis installment, leaving comparatively little, to be paid August 15,when 40 per cent is due.The last block of $500,000,000certificates of indebtedness issuedApril 22 in anticipation of the thirdliberty loan will be redeemed out ofreceipts from loan installment payments. The $750,000,000 issue ofcertificates which closed Wednesdaywas fully subscribed, it wa3 indicated by partial reports to the treasury.Records received from War Savings Stamp and Thrift. Stamp salesthis month amount to $90,000,000.Up to this time it has raised the totalrevenue of the Government from thi3source to $386,000,000.MUST HAVE FRUITS READY TOR- . PRESERVING.Housewives must have purchasedand have in their possession the fruitsand berries they intend to can orpreserve before home canning sugarcertificates will be issued by the foodadministration, it was announced byWilliam E.imms, food administrator for the Bluegrassi commercialdistrict.Many housewives have been refused certificates by AdministratorsCombs and Simms because they didnot have the berries and fruits purchased and did not know what quantity they would preserve.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for tht txplration off your policiesand lot us havt somt off your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders Bank?V1FIFTEEN DAYSClearance Sale!A Price-Slashing Sale of Summer FootwearIn spite of the high prices of leather, we are compelled tomake a GENERAL CLEARANCE and TURN INTO CASHAH High Grade Men's, Women's, Children'sSummer Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps !Just a Few of the Numerous Bargains That Await You HereLadies' Patent and Dull Kid - rz . . . , 7. 7 17TT Men's Patent Kid English Ox- - m mPumps, -Louis-and Low Heels; CO Q Ladies' highest quality and most beautiful foras, highest quality, $5.00 GJO Jw KZ$4 00 values at WmHPv Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black and $6.00 values at WWaHrw7T- t . j ii -rr-j ii " " Boots. Oxfords and Pumps. Walk-OverIndies' Pat. and Dull Kid Co- InibX fmmi makes . Men's G. M. and Tan ShoesBESSigS2.99 WCHANctl-ALE PRKES. ggyja?.?.$3.49?'ldJStoHPffi' Ladies', White Poplin Canvas Men's and Boys' G. M. Button -ftni? and S4-hS tt' & fKS Boots and Pumps, Louis and CCO QQ , Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 val- flf QQ$5.00 vl?uesat : .?. . . . . . . S3. 95 W ' U' values at"""- ues at 3H.7Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col. ZTH" Ladies' White Canvas Pumps Boys' K. Calf Lace Shoes, allPumps, Louis Heel, Welts, SO A A and 'High' Boots. Louis and low ffc UU sizes, $2.50 values . . fC WJk$4.50 values at l.faiVV heel; $3.00 values at. W I W W , tat MJ WLadies' Dull andPatKid Boots JT. TZ3" Ladies' White-Canvas Oxfords, - Men's Patent Kid Pumps and --and Pumps, broken sizes, $3.50 d QA rubber- - soles, $2.00 values, 1C ilil Hi2h Shoes I2.50 values UTl QQand $4.00 values at ., . . I V at W laWW at tj 77Ladies' Gun Metal Oxfords, Men's, Boys', Misses' and Children's m Children's Patent and Whitesmall sizes,. $3.50 and $4.00 d AM White Tennis Oxfords, '75c values, JtMf Canvas Pumps, $1.50 values litvalues at ftffl9 at w "VwW at 99vAttend this Sale! These Prices Are Much Less Than Wholesale Cost Today!VSale Now- GoingOh-ForCashOnlyik..: . ;.il i-; U-t. "Dan" 'i ' vCohen2Z j1