-THENEWS", 1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRT .Y IN THE YEAR.M-5tVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17. 1918BOURBON".1- .INELTJENZA SITUATION.The physicians of Paris have beensupplied with quantities of the MayoRosenow serum, said to be very effective as a preventative of influenzaand pneumonia. In large communities where this serum has been extensively used it has reducedthe complication more than two hundred per cent.Services in the local churches wereresumed Sunday under permission ofan order granted by the local Boardof Health. The houses of worshiphave been fumigated and were wellventilatedr No children under sixteen were admitted. No Sundayschool or young peoples' meetingswere held.By permission of the Board ofHealth several grades in the CitySchool were allowed to resume theirinterrupted studies. The rooms inthe school have been made thoroughly sanitary, well ventilated and thepupils being in widely separateddesks, it is not thought there will beany danger of their contracting influenza. fe fca TeaAGED WOMAN DROWNED.Mrs. Mary Padgett, aged abouteighty-five, disappeared from herhome near Ruddles Mills yesterdayafternoon. A search being made forher the searching party found hershawl and bonnet on the edge of thecreek below Reuddles Mills. Thesupposition was that she had drowned herself. Late last night searchingparties had not found the body. Shewas the mother of Carrol Padgett,Ernest Padgett and v Dr. ThomasPadgett, the forpner being a residentof Covington.Pa 153 P3NEW SERIES OE CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READY.Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in curnew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.. FARMERS' & TRADERS' BANK.(x)S JS isaGIRL SCOUTS AT TEA ROOM.On Saturday afternoon December21 from 1 to 6:30 o'clock, the" GirlScouts will serve hot chocolate,coffee and sandwiches, and also willsell beaten biscuits, egg kisses andcandy, and the money will go for-the"Victory "Girls. Please show your patriotism by patronizing us.INDEX FOR SHOPPERSCHRISTMAS MEMORIESRED CROSS DRIVE STARTS WITHBIG ELOUBISH.With a big flourish and'accompa-Will be Dleasant if vou select his ?t!e(?y the rinSinS of church bells,.Li ?.,! ?TJ:. y tne big tower bell on the fire depart-present at our store.(x) MITCHELi, & BLAKEMORE.fa fe feNOT HOW CHEAP. BUT HOWGOOD. .Cheap nuts are high. See ourWalnuts, Brazils and Almonds.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.IFYOU ARE OUT SHOPPING ATIP TO REMEMBER.The A. J. Winters Co-headquarters for holiday gifts.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.JS TBSyourGENUINE FRUIT CAKE FORCHRISTMAS. .Place your order with us if youwant a genuine delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind '.'mother used to make."(x) " WILMOTH & CO.1 M !A FEW SUGGESTIONS SUBSTANTIAL AND SUITABLE GIFTSBelow is a partial list of articlesthat would be most acceptable asChristmas gifts. Old Santa has madeheadquarters at our store this year.Read over the list:Buggy Robes, Foot Warmers, FlashLights, Wagons for the children,Sleds, Toy Autos, Irish Mails, DandyJim Sulkies, Guns, Stoves, Ranges,Sporting Goods, etc. Any of thesearticles would be suitable forChristmas gifts.(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.BARGAIN PRICES: CHRISTMASGOODIES CHEAP.We have a large stock of Chriotimas goods that we are going to sellcheap: Candies 30c to $1.00 perpound; nuts 40 cents per pound;oranges, bananas and all kinds offancy fruits reasonably priced.(x) GRANT OWSLEY.te sa sAPPLES. GRAPES. ORANGES. ETC.We have bought in quantities allthe above, and are going to sell themright. We went direct to the marketand picked them out and got thebest. Come and see us before youpurchase Christjmas goods. We willsave you money .and you will .get thebest to be had.(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.:. Join the Red Cross llAll You Need is a HEART and a DOLLAR !IllHaving performed this laudable act, you canturn your thoughts with Jiappiness and contentmentto the purchase of yourCHRISTMASGIFTSDon't overlook the HOUSE OF QUALITY, aname that is a synonym to the people of Paris andBourbon county for JEWELRY, DIAMONDSAND SILVERWARE of guaranteed dependablequality.We have a wonderful HolidayStock and can show you alarge variety of Gifts suitablefor ladies, gentlemen andchildren. . . . ..-,The wise shopper purchases early and avoidsthe rush and crowding' of the last few days. Weearnestly urge you to do your shopping now whileI our stock is complete. t We will gladly store youry. purchase until Christmas. 'department and the court house bell, theRed Cross Christmas Roll Call wasinaugurated yesterday morning, andno one was allowed to 'escape or yenoffer an excuse. In the county it wasthe same way, and reports fronxltheworkers in both city and county! report a very ' satisfactory response tothe appeals of the workers. The campain will continue to the end of 'theweek.Every man, woman and child inParis and Bourbon county is the goalsought by the campaign workers, andto that end the campaign committees and the solicitors are bendingall their energies. Every businesshouse and home in the city and evtryhome in the county, no matter whatthe size or the social status of 'theoccupant, will be visited and the RedCross plea made for membership.Everyone realizes what the ueaCross has done during: the war during all the disasters of the past, andparticularly have we had its beneficent work illustrated during the, in-ii F Xi (H1 ' Wk jj) sl I" Skir cf:-v . smiMvJYhI .yziyjrj4 tIV 3 M t2lRHflTl xn& lira UTOHveax&urvvxTonmto station on patrol duty. He' he was in excellent health, andIIIIIIfluenza epidemic. As someone hassaid to enroll in the Red CrossChristmas Roll Call for membershipdoes not mean merely to become amember of the organization. It meansparticipation in the greatest mercifulundertaking -of the age, and a rallyins to the standard of the "Greatest'Motherb'fAll?'"The workers have received instructions frojm the American Red Crossheadquarters in Washington to theeffect that registration for the campaign must be purely voluntary. Notone of the many thousands who areexpected to enroll or to renew theirmembership will be urged to do so.Compliance with these instructions,it was announced, will mean that nopersuasion has been necessary toswell the Red Cross membership inthe campaign.ADD RED CROSS -Lithographs, posters and other advertising, matter in the interest ofthe campaign have been placed inthe windows of stores, and the bigbillboard in the court house yardhas been decorated with a giganticposter, illustrating "The GreatestMother in The World." Headquarters have been established in the RedCross rooms in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building at the cornerof Main and Broadway, where theChairman, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, anda corps of assistants, will be incharge for the purpose of receivingreports each day and directing thecampaign workers.No Red Cross seals will be soldthis year, as has been the custoni ofthe Society for many years, but eachperson who answers the Red CrossRoll Call by joining the Red Crossfor one dollar will receive ten Christmas seals free of charge, also a RedCross button.Up to five o'clock yesterday afternoon the headquarters at Paris leported a total of 715 reported by theworkers. Hutchison No. 2 reportedwith their full one hundred per cent,quota, ending in a 'total of 131names. Mr. Lee Cox, Route 7, hadthe honor of being the first one toregister his subscription.fe Ea Ha .IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY., capts. William Collins and A. C. iDetwiller, of North Middletown,both in the American ExpeditionaryForces in Europe, are reported as being on the Atlantic, returning hone,according to advices received by relatives in North Middletown, Saturday.Mr. James Taylor, of North Middletown, received a letter from hisson, Private Frank Taylor, who wasreported in the official casualty listsas severely wounded. Young Taylorstated that he was. getting "alongvery nicely and that the Red Crossnurses had him in charge.Jos. W. Davis, Jr., arrived yesterday from Camp Luce, at the GreatLakes Naval Training Station, wherehe has been in the Aviation service.Mr. Davis has been granted a tendays' furlough, which he will spendas guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Jos. W. Davis, in Paris. "Jodie" sayseverything in the service is O. K. andthat he is well-pleased with UncleSam's work.Capt. James A. Orr, of this city.although a -surgeon, was close up tothe front line trenches for threeweeks before the armistice was signed. He writes that he is quite welland never felt better in his life.He has no idea when he will returnto the United States. Savs it mavbe one month and it may be sixmonths. He has seen a number ofprisoners returning from. Germanyand says they were in fairly goodshape, but poorly clothed. Capt. Orrhas had the pleasure of meeting MissMargaret Wilson, daughter of thePresident, and had quite a lengthyonversation with her. He was ableto get a snap-shot of her as she wasgiving out cigarettes to the boys.She sang a number of songs for them,and. has certainly contributed hershare by way of cheering up theboys.THE NEWS is in receipt of a postcard from W. 0. Pennington ,a formerParis boy, now stationed in the navalservice in European waters. Pennington's only complaint was that hehad not received a copy of THENEWS for a month on account ofthr ship he was on, the U. S. S. Oklahoma, being transferred from station- Continued on Page 4.)statedand hopedto be back in Paris before (manymonths. He had not seen any of theParis boys lated, they being on shipsat other stations. The postcard boreon its reverse side a photograph of"The Oklahoma," with the motto:"Thanksgiving Greetings From the U.S.S. Oklahoma."Mrs. Pat Burke is in receipt of aletter from her brother, Sergt. Thos.Guilfoyle, stating that he was in aBase Hospital, in France, sufferingfrom wounds. He said he was improving, and hoped to be entirelyrecovered in a short while.to to toARE YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?NO TROUBLE ABOUT IT HEREIf it's in the jewelry line we haveit m?$gi(x) THE. A. J. WINTERS CO.IffE FOR SOAP.Banner and Greenwich Lye at 90cents per dozen.3) C. P. COOK & CO.NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVING CLUB NOW READY.THETOBACCOirMARKETS.Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcqpning next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(X) : & U&SOMETHING USEFUL FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS.What could be more useful as aChristmas present than some of thePyrex Glass Cooking Pieces? Wehave a splendid stock of it.(x) LOWRY & MAY.1 to feSTART A CHRISTMAS SAVINGSACCOUNT AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Don't be without spending moneynext Christmas. Start a ChristmasSavings account now. Our new seriesstart this week. vPEOPLES DEPOSJT .BANK &TRUST CO. ' (x)'lea s toGENUINE FRIUT CAKES FORCHRISTMASPlace your order with us if jouwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christinas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(xi ". . .WILMOTH & CO.The Independent House held thesecond sale of the season on Friday.A total of 68,755 pounds of "tobaccowas sold for $19,394.46, an averageof $28.20 per hundred pounds.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold Friday a total of 21,520pounds of tobacco for $6, 510.41, aikaverage of $30.11 per hundredpounds. The good grades, werestrong, but the inferior grades werelower in price than xn the first day'ssale.Mr. N. H. Wycoff, of Rockamount,N. C, has arrived to take up Iris newduties as auctioneer at the Bourbon!Tobacco Warehouse.So far the season has been rerjrsatisfactory to tne growers and tilwarehousemen, and doubt as to tilwisdom of opening the market beforeall the buyers were on the flooralUMSbeen changed. Taken all in alltkeseason promises to be a very good onefor all in the business.The Bourbon Tobacco warehouseCo. sold at their sale yesterday atotal of 15,870 pounds of tobacco for$4,711, an average of $29.69. Someof the best crop averages were asfollows: Weathers & Shrout, 3,795pounds for an average jof $39.11;Lail & Lail, 1,005 ipound: for an average of $24.84; R. L. Wilson, 3,930 pounds for an average of $32;Martha Welsh, 1,675 pounds, for an'average of $3 5.9 6 J Otto Suggs, Nicholas county, 905 pounds for an average of $30.81. The market willclose on Friday, for the holidays,Friday's sale being the last one before Christmas.No sale was held at the Independent House yesterday. The BourbonTobacco Warehouse will hold a saleto-day, and close the pre-holidayseason with Friday's sale.Three of the biggest buyers,- "whohave been off the market, are expected 'after the holidays, when thetobacco business will Doom in theway of competition. After the noildays sales will be held every day except Saturday.sa is liOUR BIG LEADERS.Fine apples, 50c peck; svroetoranges, 30c a dozen,(x) BUSY BEE CASH STORE.is ?d ?IS YOUR BOY COMING- HOME?What more appropriate -gift forhim than a suit and overcoat. Giftsuits $20 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IsThe House of Quality For JewelrySHIRE & FITHIANiv?"WE KNOW HOW"Christmas GiftTURN YOUR EOOTSTEPS THISWAY AND YOUR SEARCHIS ENDED.We have what you want,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.FANCY BASKETS AND BOXESBeautiful Fancy Novelty Basketsin all shapes and colors. Beautifulboxes of one, two,, three and fivepound candies of the famous MissHolladay make, are very acqeptableChristmas gifts.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.- mffl E. T. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 III"YOU'LL LIKE IT'Do your shopping at A. F.Wheeler', opposite CourtHouse. You will like it Allkinds of furniture novelties.(dec6-tf)GENUINE PRUIT CAKESCHBISTMASFORFor Father,SweetheartBrother orw.If you wish to select an appropriate and useful sift forhim, make your purchase at our store. We have left noth-5 ins undone in selecting a stock of Christmas goods that willmeet with the approval of allUseful Gifts That Will be Appreciatedby the One Who Receives ThemThe the thought of your little remembrance and kindnessat Christmas time will not be forgotten when you send himsomething that will be useful.Presents that men want, and we offer the followingsuggestions for your Christmas remembrance to him:Place your order, with us if youwant a -genuine, delicious fruit cake! for Christmas. They taste and smellBath RobesSmoking JacketsSweater CoatsPajamasSilk MufflersFur CapesFur GlovesTraveling SetsSafety Razors 'Leather Cigar CasesPullman Slippers.Collar BagsInitial, Silk andLinen HandkerchiefsTraveling BagsSuit CasesUmbrellasSuspendersNeckties . ,Silk HosieryKid GIotosIu5tLet His Christmas Gift Come FromOur Store.Mtchiell '& BlakemoreifiI ssslike the kind "mother used to make ",(x) ? , , rndftOTfctCOAAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, 1PABIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1918.Si1MIKE BOURBON NEWSKffablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationNdished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months.. $1.00Payable in Adavance.BWEET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.pkitered at the Paris, Kentucky,t Postoffice as Mail Matter of the! Second Class.)TEA.CHEES QUIT WHEN THEIRPAY IS STOPPEDFailure of teachers to receive, theirp7 is creating a storm of protestarid State Superintendent V. O. Gilbert's mail is filled with inquiries.A count superintendent wrote thatlie is losing teachers and the banksrefuse to lend the county boardsmoney because the apportionment ofthe State School Fund does not arriveon, time.He also said that all his teachersliad subscribed for war savingsstamps, which they cannot buy unless they receive their pay thismoclh.,Many of his teachers are seekingpositions elsewhere, he added.While there is plenty of money in'the State treasury, it is not in theState School Fund, and what is coming in now, it is undertood, will nothe apportioned to the School Funduntil the end of the month.Superintendent Gilbert would liketo borrow the money frqm the StateRoad Fund, which has several hundred thousand dollars lying idle, accumulated during the war, whenwork was virtually at a standstill,jas it is in the winter months.The schools will receive over $2,00),000 from Sheriffs' revenue in thenert few weeks.' The schools got behind in accepting an estimate based on an assess--meatof 80 per cent, on .railroadfranchises, which the United StatesSupreme Court reduced to 60 perjzen.t, This made it necessary to gointo this year's funds to meet thelast March distribution..By, the end of the present schoolyear this deficit will be overtakenantf Superintendent Gilbert said thataie-it year it will not be necessary topass any distribution period.fe 91-, . QUICK CUBE P0B CROUP.rr,'dWatch for the first symptoms,hoarseness,- und give Chamberlain'sjCough Remedy at once. It is promptjknd effectual.(adv)-dec)Place Your OrderNow ForA GenuineFRUITCAKESFORU-. ulfi-ChristmasFruits, Nuts, Cakes,Candies, Etc.Everything fresh, new stock.Right prices.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3761v Visit Goldstine's ForXmas Specials!White Cotton Handkerchiefs with small figure incorner ScLadies' and Misses' Handkerchiefs in fancy boxes,, special, per box 59cChristmas Footwear ina varitty of styles. Stethem on display.' Men's Initial Linen Handkerchiefs, 6 in box, special : 98cLadies' Suits, Coats,Furs, Milline ry,Waists,etc., for Christmas.BTwin Bros.Department StoreMat ami 7th Paris, Ky.w ..-ar-t"WJgaSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig hasreturned from a visit to friends inGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Faulknerhave returned from a visit to friendsin Cincinnati.Mrs. I. L. Smith and children, ofPensacola, Florida, are guests ofrelatives in Paris.Miss Patsey Clarke is visitingMr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neill and family, in Philadelphia, Pa.Miss Katherine Lyons, of Covington, is a guest of Misses Allineand Lillian Ewalt, on South Mainstreet.Mrs. Samuel Summers has concluded a pleasant visit to Mrs. C. B.Summers, in Flemingsburg, and leturned to her home in Paris.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, prominent farmer and live stock breederof the North Middletown vicinity, isone of the most recent "flu" victims.Mrs. Wm. E. Simms has returned to her home at Spring Station, inWoodford county, after a visit toMiss Lucy Blythe Simms, on Secondstreet.Rev. George R. Combs and family have moved from Houston avenueto apartments on the third floor ofthe Robneel, at the corner of Mainand Eighth streets.Mrs. Mary Rees, of Lexington,and Dr. Lyda Poague, of Cincinnati, have returned to their homesafter a visit to Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford, near Paris.Miss Burley Bishop, who hasbeen with Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Wagoner, has gone to Pendleton county,to be with Mrs. Channey Matrox,who is a "flu" victim.Mr. J. V. Ingels, formerly ofBourbon county, who moved toHenry county about ten years agoand engaged in farming, has sold hisfarm, and with his family, movedback to Millersburg.Mrs. Ada Fishback has returned from Camp Wadsworth, nearSpartansburg, S. C, where she wascalled by the illness of her daughter, Mrs. Milton J. Stern. Mrs. Sternis recovering from an attack of theinfluenza.Mrs. A. T. Forsyth was called toGreencastle, Indiana, Friday, by atelegram telling of the serious illnessof her niece, Mrs. Helen Hambrick.Mrs. Hapibrick had just returnedfrom South America, when she wasstricken with illness.Miss Emma Louis Burley hasarrived from Detroit, Mich., to spendthe Christmas holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Burley, onEighth street. Miss Burley is stenographer for the Great Lakes Engineering Co., at Detroit.(Other Personals on Page 5.)fe fe RaFUGITIVES ARRESTEDLee Samuels, of Clark county,and John Ingleman, of Stanford, bothcolored, serving four-year terms inthe Frankfort Reformatory for robbery, escaped from their guards andmade their way as far as Paris. Herethey were "out of luck," as telephone messages preceded them andcaused the Paris police to get buy.Chief of Police Link and PatrolmanLusk got' busy and soon apprehendedthe fugitives, who had taken retugein the classical precinct of Claysville. The men were returned to Frankfort in charge of Chief of PoliceLink, and turned over to the prisonauthorities. The arresting officerswill receive the usual reward of$100 for each 'prisoner.EG 1 laEXCITEMENT IN OIL.LOUISVILLE, KY., December 16(By Wire) Considerable excitementand jnuch interest was manifestedliere by local investors when it wasannounced that the McCombs OilCo. had completed two more gushingoil wells.The first of these known as WellNo. 3, on the Butcher lease in theheart of the Big Sinking district, in Lee county, which was estimated at four hundred barrels, flowed 1,000 barrels- in twenty-fourhours by actual measurement.The other well, known as ButcherNo. 4f when only five feet in thesand, flowed ten feet over the top ofthe casing. This well is good for750 barrels for day.155 l-n 5 iREB NEURALGIA PAINAWAY, DON'T SUITERInstant Relief! Rub Nerve Torture,Pain and Misery Right Out With"St. Jacob's Liniment.''Conquers pain never fails.Rub soothing, penetrating "St.Jacob's Liniment" right on the acheor pain, and out copies the neuralgiamisery.Here's a joyful experiment! Tryit! Get a small trial bottle fromyour druggist; pour a little in yourhand and rub it gently on the sore,aching' nerves, and before you realizeit in just a moment all pain andneuralgia disappear. It's almostmagical, but the joy is, that the misery doesn't come back. No! Thenerves are soothed and congestion isrelieved and your neuralgia is overcome. Stop suffering! It's needlessneuralgia and pain .of all kinds,either in the face, head, limbs or anypart of the body, is instantly banished. VSt. Jacob's Liniment" is perfectly harpmless and, doesn't burn ordiscolor the skin. In use for half acentury.(adv)In the world's necessity lies theparamount challenge to the American Red Cross. Your voice is -neededto answer the Christmas Roll Call!') 1 toFrom Red Cross hospital gardensin France over 5,000 convalescentsoldiers have harvested 23 tons ofgreen vegetables and a large crop of,potatoes.I CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUBED.By local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this restored to its normalcondition, hearing will be destroyedforever. Many cases of deafness arecaused by catharrh, which is an inflampned condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.?a ?sa isDo Your Xmas Shopping EarlyThis YearAnd Don't Forget the Merchants Below, Who Are Asking ForYour Trade.CHRISTMAS STATIONERYWe are showing the greatest variety of Christmas Stationery in Paris,(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.a fe ?aTURN YOUR E00TSEPS THIS WAYAND YOUR SEARCH IS ENDEDWe have what you want,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.TS !1 1SAN IR0NT0N HEATER .IS .JUSTTHE TRICK.Why worry about what to buy fora Christmas gift. Ypu need a gasheater any way. Buy one for mother's Christmas gift. The whole family will enjoy and get the benefit ofit, too. When it comes to heaters,an Ironton settles the argument. Wehave a large stock of all sizes.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(x) (Incorporated)53 fe feHOLIDAY GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x)BUY SHOES FOR GUTS.People have quit giving trash forpresents. Shoes as presents is common sense. We have the best made.They re the cheapest in the longrun. Let us lay you aside a pair forfather, mother or son.(x) HARRY LINVILLE.'fe fe feSHOES POR PRESENTS.We are selling lots of shoes to beused as Christmas gifts. Haven't youa friend or relative that needs shoes?Let me sell you a pair for him or her,they will be appreciated,(x) HARRY LINVILLB.i s mNEW ORLEANS MOLASSES.Fresh barrel of New OrleansMo-lasses at ?1.25 per gallon,(x) . C. P. COOK & CO.P0UNTAIN PENS POR CHRISTMASPRESENTS.Conklln's Self-Filling Fountain Penis still the best pen on'the market.We have a good, stock for the holidaytrade. - -(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.BUY PRACTICAL. SUBSTANTIAL. PRESENTS POR CHRISTMASRead our advertisement for suggestions-of common-sense, useful andpractical1 presents.(x? FRANK & CO.IS ie lea ,.NEW SERIES OP CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5". 00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.. FARRIERS' & TRADERS' BANK.(x)USEFUL AND ORNAMENTALFurniture, rugs, vacuum . sweepers, electroliers all make usefuland ornamental Christmas presents.We hacve thepi.(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.im 5j 153ORDER EARLY AS SUPPLY ISLIMITED.Leave your order with Bruce Holladay for a box of Miss Holladay's delicious candies. No Christmas giftwould be (more highly appreciated,and you certainly could not buy better candy any place in the world.Order early. The supply this year islimited.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.psa El 151-CHRISTMAS GOODS THAT WEREBOUGHT RIGHT.Christmas shoppers this year aretrying to save money. Those whoare wise will take advantage of thefollowing information: Jas. E. Craven has just returned from Cincinnati, where he bought a car load ofgood things for his holiday trade.Mr. Cravens has told us 'that he hasbought more than ever before, consequently bought his goods right.And by being on the ground got thebest, picked it out and sent it home.If you want the best Oranges, Ba-lianas, Grape Fruit, Figs. Nuts,Dates, Candies, both in the bulk or 'box, see him. Buy from Craven, andget the best at-the cheapest price.(x) ' JAS. E. CRAVEN.MIGHT HAVE BEEN WORSE.To fall into a coal hole, get allmussed up as that soldier did in thiscity a few days ago, was bad enough,but along comes Jim Allen in theCynthiana Dejmocrat, and throws thisshot at him:"A Kentucky soldier, who foughtin the front line trenches in Franceand participated in many a harddrive, fell into a coal hole in the sidewalk at Paris; Ky., and was bungedup worse than anything the Germanscould do. It's just possible, but notprobable, that the shot he got atParis made the coal hole chase him."P3 Pa ?aJerusalem war gardens shouldthrive this winter. The Red Cresswill provide plowing oxen.An Ordinance!PROHIBITING HORSES, CATTLE.SHEEP, GOATS, OR HOGS ER0MRUNNING OR BEING AT LARGE.OR BEING TETHERED, ORHERDED IN ANY STREET,LANE, HIGHWAY, SQUARE, ORCOMMONS IN THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, AND PROVIDING PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THRE0F.BE IT ORDAINED by the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, Kentucky, as follows:SECTION 1. That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to permit any Horse, Cattle,Goat, or Hog to run at large, or betethered or herded for the purpose ofgrazing, in any street, lane, alley,highway, square or comjmons in theCitv of ParisSECTION 2. That the Mayor ofthe City of Paris shall provide apound at the City Qparry, suitablefor the purposes of this ordinance.SECTION 3. (a) Any person finding any horse, cattle, sheep, goat, orhoe: runnine: or beine: at laree. or be-!ing tethered or herded for the purpose of grazing, in any of the streets,lanes, alleys, highways, squares orcommons in the City of Paris, maydrive, lead or carry same to thepound provided for herein, and theredeliver same to the keeper of saidpound, who shall, at once, impoundand safely keep it until called forand redeemed by the owner thereof,or by his agent.The person driving, leading orcarrying any such animal to thepound shall receive the sum of OneDollar for each animal so impounded,which shall be charged against suchanimal, and paid by, the owner thereof, when such animal is redeemed.(b) In addition to the One Dollar paid for delivering such animalto the pound, the keeper of the poundshall be entitled to charge a fee offifty cents for the first day or partof .the day the animal is impounded,and. seventy-five cents for each succeeding day or part of a day the animal, remains in the pound, unredeemed by the owner thereof. , ,SECTION 4.-7-The. owner of anyanimal impounded, as 'erein provided, may redeem the same at any timewithin thirty days of the date of impounding the sapie, or at any timebefore the sale of same at publicauction, as hereinafter provided for,by paying to the keeper of the poundall the . legal costs and chargesagainst sameSECTION 5. If the owner of cnyanimal, or. animals impounded underthis' ordinance does not redeem samethirty days after the. date of impounding same it shall be the dutyof the keeper of the pound to sellthe same at, public auction, at theJpound, to the highest bidder jor casn,selling each, animal separately, afterfirst having given five days notice ofthe time, . terms and - place of- saidsale, with a description of such ani-jmal, in some newspaper published inParis, Kentucky, or oy written orprinted handbills, posted at not lessthan five public 'places in the saidcity.The money arising from such sale,after deducting and paying all expenses of taking up, impounding,feeding and selling same, shall bepaid to the owner or owners of suchanimals upon due proof of ownership; if no owner appear and makeclaim to any such fund within thirtydays after such sale, such moreyshallbe paid into the City Treasury,and placed to the credit of the general fund.SECTION .6. If any person shallwillfully break or otherwise openany pound and let out any aninalimpounded by virtue of this ordinance, or shall interfere with anyofficer in the discharge of his dutyunder this ordinance, or other person, hy taking out of his possessionor custody, or attempting by force orotherwise to take out of' his possession or custody, any animal or animals that may be driven, led or carried by him for the purpose of im-! pounding the same, he shall be deemed guilty Ol a misaeraeanur, auu, wiconviction thereof, shall be fined notless than Five Dollars nor more thanTwenty-five Dollars for each offense.SECTION 7. Any person whoshall wilfully or negligently allowany of the above mentioned animalsto run at large in any of the placesmentioned herein shall, in additionto the penalties provided in abovesections, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convictionthereof, shall be fined not less thanFive Dollars nor more than Twentyfive Do'llars for each offense.SECTION" 8. All ordinances orparts of ordinances in connectionherewith are hereby repealed.SECTION 9. This ordinance shallbe in force and. effect from and afterits passage and publication, as le-quired by law.lB. B. JANUARY, Mayor.Attest:. J. W. 'HAYDEN, Clerk .,tNotice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgriculatural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6-td)IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)PUBLIC SALEOFLive Stock and Farm ImplementsHaving sold my farm and will move to Paris, I will sell on ,Thursday, December 19, 1918,beginning at 10:30 o'clock, a. m., at my farm on the Paris and Clintonvillepike, without reserve or by-bid, all of my stock and farm implements consisting as-follows:One pair extra six-year-old mare mules;One pair extra five-year-old mare mules;One pair extra four and five year old horse mules;One. eight-year-old horse mule;une six-year-oia muie; .Otoe five-year-old work horse;,vui; way uiaic vj 111551110, uuni jj. vjvui uu 1 .vw ,One -fresh Jersey cow and calf; "One extra good Jersey cow, will be fresh January 1 767 choice Southdown ewes, bred to prize winning ram;23 Southdown ewe lambs;8 yearling steers ;4 steer calves;2 red cows;1 black yearling heifer;15' croee bred Hampshire sows, two years old, and Bred to prize winning boar;2 registered Hampshire sows;FARM IMPLEMENTSOne new Seventeen Ohio Monarch silo filler and piperfor 60 foot silo,used only six days;One Bix cutting box, new; One. Superior wheat drill, new;One Kentucky wheat drill, one McCormick mower, two Deering mowera, one Deering two-horse Sulky hay rake, one Monarch bull rake, oneBlack Hawk corn planter and fertilizer attachment, one sixty-tooth harrow, four five shovel plows; one T bar land roller, seven breaking plows,one good feed sled, one wheat fan, one new eight foot platform binder, fourriding cultivators, one hay tedder, three farm wagons, one spring wagon,one new Idea, manure spreader, one scalding box, one. top, buggy, one runabout, one Fxazier'break cart, one good sleigh, 170 feet . wire rope, onecorn sheller, two wheel push carts, one barrel sprayer complete, three cattle troughs, one Acetylene fifty light generator, and many things toonumerous to mention.Also some household goods and furniture.TERMS Will be anounced on day of sale.A. S, THOMPSON.GEORGE D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(ll-14-18dec-3t)Recreationir Come inJfr-srssszjM. 1oIL. OBERDORFERft3-10-17THE DRUGGISTrfsgiwiii:INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankHFO. wFUNERALMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299CortMr Fifth and Moisant Strttts, Paris, Ky.isFor RentFive-room cottage at Hansonstreet and Lilleston avenue. Alsofurnished front room at Fourth andPleasant streets. Apply to(6-tf) MRS. R. M. HARRIS.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmerand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. jm. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(6-td)For Sale40 Acres BourbonCounty LandA 40-aere tract of Bourbon countyland, situated one mile from Paris.For further information inquire ofundersigned.(13-tf) HENCE MARGOLEN.v jflV,- Bvr:of Voices!and hear the wonderfultones of-2Stfthe most remarkable voice-reproducingmachine in the world to-day.For tone, quality and accuracy itstands without a peer in musicdomto-day. Every nicety in the humanvoice or in instrumentation reproduced with startling- fidelity.. ,An ideal Christmas Gift;2CnvisDIRECTOR I4ji.'.iha;iXMIXBflunBXSStt aTUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 191S.THE BOTTKBOH HEWS, PAWS, XEHTtfCRMOTsdh)JiyJNfStomach on Strike? Here's Relief !. .No Indigestion, Gas or SournessJJpset stomachs feel fine".All indigestion, gases, sourness,heartburn, brash or acidity goesinstantly. No waiting!Quickest stomach relief known.Just as soon as Pape's Diapepsinreaches your sick, unsettled stomachall stomach misery stops.osts little All druggists.Stomach suffering is needless.upset? Pape'ssinWILL PUT YOUON YOUR FEETI IJ LETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYI SOLDIERS AND SAILORSi ibeen in France I will devote a littleof my spare time to writing. I amwell, with the exception of having abad cold, and that really amounts -tovery little over here. In fact, I havehad, a "cold ever since I have beenever here There are lots of funnysights over here. I think the firstfunny thing I ran into when I landedin France was two dogs pulling amilk cart. I thought wooden shbeshad. gone out of style, but theyhaven't. Grapes seem to be the biggest crop in France. They certainlymake a lot of wine . Bicycles seemto be popular with the French peopje.If they can't get a bycycle they willpush a wheelbarrow. Many of thesewheelbarrows have a dog hitched in.harness to the front."I don't think we will be over herevery long, as I hear we will be sentback some time between now andspring. . . ..There goes the jmess call,something every soldier likes to hear,so I will close. I don't tfiink I iillhave to write many more letter.3."Lovingly,"WILL.""Corp. Wm. H. Masterson,"Co. M., 163d Infantry,"American Exp. Forces."James L. Parker, son of Mrs.George Parker, of Paris, writes to aParis friend as follows from theWestern front, his letter being datedOctober 12, several days before thesigning of the armistice:"West Front, Oct. 12."Dear Friend:"At last this war has ended and itsure makes (me feel happy to knowthat I have been in it and came outalive."Everything is very quiet on theline to-night, and at this time nightbefore last the battle was raging.One can hardly believe that just twonights ago star shells were going upover "No Man's Land," which is ourland .now, and poison gas was in theair. The star shells made everythingas light as day and helped us towatch the Hun. The big guns arenot making the sky red with theirflashes to-night, and everything justat eleven o'clock along the line stopped firing, and I felt as if I was walking in a graveyard. In a few hoursafter that a big bunch of the enemycame over and announced they wanted to go back to America with theYanks. When we told them it wasimpossible for them to do that, tneyseemed very disappointed and wentback across 'No Man's Land' unmolested to their own lines. Aftera while a few of us walked boldlyacross to their lines and was veryjmuch. surprised when the Germanofficers met us with their hands outand the word 'kamerad.' It is a verypeculiar feeling being in the eneiry'sterritory, knowing that hostilitiesmight start again, and you might bea prisoner, but you know that is theAmerican's way to take a chance."They were all overjoyed becausethe war had stopped, for they saythey have no more men, ammunition, -nothing. We were surroundedby the Huns everywhere we wentin his lines and all of them tryingto tell how well the Americansfought, and how glad they were toquit fighting, at the same tinie."When we started back to ourlines a lot of them wanted to comewith us, but we explained to themthat they could not, by signs. Isuppose we will leave for home soon.I hope to meet you in good old ParisKentucky, very soon."Truly Yours,"JAMES L. PARKER."ChristmasGlassesBuy useful gifts give father andmother a pair of reading glasses forChristmas.They can have their eyes testedlater if necessary. We can supplyyou with Lorgnette, Ear-chains, Automatic Eye-glass cheins, Eye-glasscases, Auto Glasses, Snow Glasses, allof which would made useful and appropriate gifts. Give us a call.Second Floor First National BankBuilding,Describing sights, sounds andscenes in Europe antedating thesigning of the peace armistice, J. W.Waller, a former resident of Paris,writes to his sister, Mrs. HenryJudy, of near Paris, as follows:"Somewhere in France,"October 26, 1918."Dearest Lillian: I have to-dayreceived your letter of October 2,with clipping from THE NEWS,which I enjoyed very much. I havealso received letters from Marthaand Aunt Lucy of about the samedate the first mail that I have received. "Your letters came in very goodtime and I have already read themseveral times, as I am now located ina dugout with no other officer otherthan myself and the evenings arerather long. Our company has beensplit and I am now in charge of aplatoon operating as a separate unit.I am very comfortably located in adugout built by 'Fritzie,' with a goodfireplace and a large wood fire, whichthe orderly builds me each eveningbefore I come in. Everything is fine,only I have to run a rat or two outof (my sleeping bag most every nightbefore going to bed and let him dohis sleeping in the day time. WishI had some place for them to sleepat night, for they are quite annoying."Fritz has been quite active witnhis artillery of late and as I nowwrite hft is turning: them loose at ah of a clip. However, I 'haveCaptain Neville C. Fisher, formerlya well-known Paris attorney, son ofMrs. W. H. Fisher, has won promotion to the rank of Major in thearmy service. In a letter to his wife,Mrs. Eva Fisher, Librarian of theGeorgetown College, Major Fisherssays:"With A. E. F., France."October 25, 1918."Dear Eva:"I received two letters from you today and will answer at once. I havebeen on the front under battle,conditions since the 13th of Augustand during most of that time I havebeen out in. trenches and woods ondunder the blue sky where it was impossible to write. I wrote you afterthe St. Mihiel fight, Sept. 12 to 15.Well, we are in another locality nowand a much (more active one. I amin command of the batallion againand succeeded in putting it 'on themap' on the night of Oct. 20, andthe following day. My batallion wasgiven a task that another one hadtried three times and failed to accomplish. We fought all night in the faceof a heavy artillery barrage and mechine guns and on until five o'clockin the evening: the next day until wedrove out the Boche and accomplished the task. Now we are the talk ofthe Division and I have been recommended for promotion as Major. Itwas the hardest proposition that liasever been assigned to any part of theDivision and our Brigade Commanders are said to be highly pleased."I was slightly wounded twice inthe right hand and left hip, but notserious enough to put pie out of thegame."We are now close up to the frontawaiting another turn at the Bocheand I expect we will get-it soon."I am as well as can be, but getawfully tired marching through rainand mud and cold and darkness, butI guess it will be over some day andI will be 'mighty proud of the factthat I had a part in the great struggle. I wish I could go more into de7tail, but censorship forbids. I hadsome narrow escapes, but thanks unto Him who rules all things I amstill alive and healthy."I should like very much to seevnn and the children. I think of youoften and I believe you would all beright proud of me if you could hoarthe nice things that are being saidabout me and jmy command. I willhave to close now as I have someother matters that will not admit ofdelay."With a world of love to you andEmily and James, I am,"Very affectionately,"NEVILLE."HINTS TO CHRISTMAS.SHOPPERSBEST OP ALL.Would not your wife be delightedto find a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet in her kithchen Christmas morning? ?1.00 will put one there. Joinour new club,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.- m n mUSEFUL GUTS PRACTICAL ANDCOMMON SENSE.Nothing would be as acceptable orappreciated more than a nice pair ofShoes.- We have th beat, and theyare the cheapest.(x)' HARRY LINVTLLE.i BB t9lIF YOU ARE OUT SHOPPING A TIPTO KKilW Y,m H1K.The A. J. Winters Co., your headquarters for holiday gifts. (x)i fe &NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)3 feLARGE ASSORTMENT OF CANDIES.?FRANK &CO.THE CHRISTMAS STOREThe StoreThousandof aGifts !Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris. Ky.We have a very large assortmentof the best bulk and box candies.Let us have "your Christmas order.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.J5 31 5THE CHRISTMAS STORE.A wonderful display ofChristmas Goods is beingshown at ovr store. Something for every member ofthe family from the little totto the grandparent. See ourwindow display for gifts forthe children. The priceswill surprise you.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.fe ssTOYS AT LAVIN & CONNELIS.SANTA CLAUS HEADQUARTERSToys in endless variety, for boysand girls velocipedes, wagons,skates, sleds, drums, and everythingto make the little ones happy wehave it. Candy, fruit, dates, figs, etc.Come and see what we have and weare sure that the quality and pricewill please you.(x) LAVIN & CONNELL.ES fgjGIFTS WORTH WHILE HANDSOME AND MODERATELY SOLDDon't buy trash for gifts. Let usshow you something worth while.Pictures, Leather Goods, Books,Fancy Baskets, Games, Stationery,Novelties that are really new andworth while. Beautiful line of novelChristmas Greeting Cards to selectfrom.(x) PARIS BOOK STORE.Km nAN APPROPRIATE AND ACCEPTABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT.Nothing is more appropriate for aChristmas gift than one of thosefancy boxes or baskets of Miss Holladay's delicious candies. Leave yourorder now.(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.ga is usCOLUMBIA, GRAFONOLAS ANDRECORDS FOR CHRISTMASSomething that will be appreciatedby mother, sister, sweetheart,any of the feminine sex.orCV4-,. 'Silk: UnderwearSilk HoseGlovesBath RobesCoats . ,SuitsHandkerchiefsitNovelty BasketsJ ewelryand a thousand other articles, any ofwhich would please the women folks.See Us Before Buying YourChristmas Gifts.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSVfc:f"3"s-'Rev. R. Quarles of Paris, well-p-ottpn used to the shell fire and feel known colored evangelist and widelyThe Flu BanHaving Been Raised onCommercial CollegesSchool ofBusinessAfter having been closed sinceOctober 2nd,T$ How OpenTor BusinessThe night school is now open,loo. -We court a thorough investigation. Send for illustratedbooklet.U ,rfectelv safe here in the dugoutif he does not turn too many of htsgas shells loose&nd I always sleepwith my gas-mask where I can easilyget' to it."I am now building light railwaysand maintaining them up to the f rantlines to haul in artillery and ammunition, and I have walked over quitea bit of No Man's Land, and it isvfirv interesting: to note the differenttvnps of modern warfare and theamount of human energy and skillin laying out artillery pits, dugouts,trenches, barbed wire, etc. Thispart of France would be very profitable for a junk dealer after the war,as he could salvage almost any thingin his line."I have read in the paper (ye? Io-Pt n. naner once in a while) the German reply to President Wilson's noteand the people of the States can believe and I know that they do believe her just as unreliable as shehas always been through the war.nnlva few davs aero not -far away aprivate captured six German soldierswith a hand-grenade. They were located in a dugout behind the Amer:ican line after a drive dressed in theU. S. uniform operating heavy artillery, to do what damage theyrniilrl The TJ. S. soldier was too.nninir fnr fhfm and they eave. tb'at.'kamarade stuff. On entering 'the,dugout he found anotner AmericancnMior that, fhev had killed and wasnot yet cold. It is a pity he did notturn the grenade loose on them. Agreat many instances of this kind."There is lots I would like to tell,but I can not Let -the good peopleof the U. S. stick to us they did mthe last Liberty Loan drive and wewill build our narrow guage intoBerlin."With best, love to all,"Your devoted brother,- . "J. W."known as the "Black Moody," paysa merited tribute to the colored manas a soldier, and especially as to hisachievements in the world war,which, may we all fondly hope, is athing of the past. Rev. Quarleswrote to THE NEWS as follows:"In this last war, South African,Moroccan, Algerian, Hindoo andAmerican black soldiers were in-pra-noe and thev are there to-day,loyal to the flag of the red, white andblue. All the reports tnat nave couiefrom France in regard to the conductof the American negro troops havebeen highly favorable. Their officers, the French and British observers and correspondents in'the fieldhave given them; high praise ascniiiiprs in neaceful service and asfighters -They-have met all militaryrequiremenL vuu nave vwu. mv, .miration and respect of those whohad aoubtethe quality of their bravery. That can be no longer questioned, as long .as they have aleader to say "Come an, boys!" Thenine' hundred thousand i)lack men.referred to .were not all from the.United i States, of course. Englandhad negro, troops from, SouthsAirica,ana ineir ottiit-biii'uuc oumiwo .Morocco and. Algiers. , Also "Eere,were the Hindoos, ,who might-havebeen carelessly counted as black.men, and itis in. our-own negroes.mat tne unitea oitee " c"- . a.anxeretsuFugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal., 118 K. TJiroer St.. Second Moor.xj& Lexineton. Ky.Mrs. John R. Masterson, of Massieavenue, received the following letterfrom her son, Corp. Wm. H. Master-son, who is in the service in roanceas a member of the American Expeditionary Force:"Nov. 17, 1918,"St. George, France."Dear Mother:"As this is Sunday evening, and Ihave not 'written to you since I havebecausest. Th'ey, fought T for Franceok ihfAxr. cf a, lhval Americans.lT.ootrirt nKAtr thAinJ .r.oimtrv's bidding. ,Therdid'Hnli; part just astne wnne uieu. um. xc n..!Sailedin from London, England,akros&the traits of. Dover to Parisonce, ahd, did expect to. go again asohapjain in this war, but his age wasagainshim and kept him at home."9 J- 4t- :T& Wim ? "- "M ,,'rCHA1IBEBLAOTS TABLETS.When you are troubled with, indigestion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indi-,gestion is usually accompanied byr.onatination and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentleimovement of the bowels, relieving theiconstipated condition.(adv-jan)Columbia Grafonolas and Records.We expect to have them in stock tofill all orders Christmas morning,(x) ARDERY DRUG CO.IS feGENUINE ERUIT CAEES EORCHEISTMASPlace your order with us if youwant a genuine, delicious fruit cakefor Christmas. They taste and smelllike the kind "mother used to make."(x) WILMOTH & CO.fe ?S 1EINE LINE OF AUTO GLOVES EOEiADIES AND GENTLEMEN;Attention, you men who wanl thebest gloves that money can buy ! Wehave the best line of automobilegloves in town and at very reasonableprices. I invite your inspection oisame. Folding cuffs for the ladieswho drive their own machines, inpure buck,' soft and warm. Call inand see them.PARIS RACKET STORE,. (10-3t) 607-609 Main Street.ls ys lisTHE STORE OF A THOUSANDGIFTS THE XMAS STORE. If you will use judgment you willvisit our store before you buy Christmas goods articles of quality reasonably priced.(x) . FRANK & CO.fija iiFORD SEDAN STOLEN- OWNEROFFERS $50 REWARDI had stolen from me a Ford Sedan,motor number 1381580, Kentuckylicense number 101182. Gray & Davisself-starter.. .dome light, green lino-.leum running' boards, vtrimmed -withUbrass, Dixie Shock Absorbers. Aboutthe midle'of. theback of the driver'sseat was a c snag about one or- twoinches in the upholstering -which hasbeen repaired carefully.'Expert thieves-chan-ge-license tags-and1-parts,.TtCarmaybe found .with-out clojnie light, with number chiseledoff engine or any-other changes, butI believe the little snag in the backof the? seat will not be noticed. 'Reward of ? 50.00 to be paid toone returning car.C. D. RODMAN,13th floor Starkes Building,(3-tf) -- "Louisville,Ky. -GILBERT TOYSErmcto,:s"s.cf.s..$i.oo to $5.00fctri.ca.,s.ct.s..$1.50 to $5.00S!!r.c!c.s?.c.ts $5.00per box 25c to $1.00Motors, Transformers, Etc.Just What the Boys Want.J. W. SPICERMAIN STREET, OPPOSITE COURT HOUSEMMmteIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas.have a full line of the celebratedWe;Wilson :Odorless Heaters-to select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYISBtitfntrJOfni-ta.1. irnii'M. vvi frvsavmx -mewtzez.- i .,-i r- 'f. vWCS.IAi.fe4j .. i M'tr-PAGE fOTOTHE BOURBONMEWS, PABIS,KfilfTTTCrTTUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 191 S.?" M7-l-i VZ-f.$ r Ci-j?rpi?r,WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.t?At Tlie Hed Cross Sewing: Booms.Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's Society ofthe Qatholic church.Thursday Mission Circle.Friday Woman's Society of thePresbyterian church.Saturday Teacher's Circle."The bravest battle that was everfought,f Shall I teH you where and when?On the maps of the world, you'll findit not;'Twas fought -by the mothers ofmen."The Call is More and More Insistent.I am able to speak now withknowledge and assurance in sayingthat the beneficent work of theAjmerican Red Cross is to go forwardon a great scale not alone, as heretofore, for purposes of relief in -war,but as an agency of peace and permanent human service."The problems of reconstruction,involving feeding and caring for thedistressed civilian populations ofEurope, are of such magnitude thatnecessarily they must be met verylargely by the governments of ourAllies, -with, whom ourown. Government will "co-operate.- "The great tasks -3)f fighting tuberculosis, promoting child welfare,and caring for refugees, with whichthe American Red Cross has concerned itself so effectively in. France,Italy and Belgium, will at an earlydate be assumed by the governments,the Red Cross organizations, and therelief societies of these countries,which, now that they are releasedfrom the terrific burden of wagingwar, naturally desire to take care,as far as they can, of their ownpeople." Henry P. Davidson.' French women have "adopted"many graves of American soldiersto make them their especial bare.You are requested to KNIT,, KNIT.. !5$ fe l!S -'WANTED TO BUY.Second-hand furniture of all kindswanted. Also carpets, rugs, stoves,etc. Cumberland phone 780.F. B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.,(17-2t) Paris, Kentucky. .jsa ta PSCHRISTMAS GOODIES.Come to the Red Front Grocery,opposite the court house to buy yourChristmas candies, -nuts and fruits,and get fresh goods at the lowestprices.MRS. ELLIS CASH-AND-CARBY-(x)GROCERY.ATTENTIONI have an express shipment of that goodChristmas Candyon the way and it will be on sale by the time youread this. Save your candy orders for the RacketStore. Also the biggest and best line of ChristmasToys in town to select from.VISITTftYl AKin:on the second floor in our store.I The Paris Racket StoreBetween Sixth and SeventhIN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRY( Continued from Page 1)Mr. C. O. Hinton, who has been inFrance as Piled Secretary in thearmy canteen service, arrived homeSunday after an uneventful tripover the ocean. Mr. Hinton underwent a surgical operation while inFrance, having an eye removed thathad become affected through disease.'The "glad hand" was extendedwith a right hearty good will lastweek to Corporal Teddy Shannon,former newspaper man and " allaround good fellow, who has been inthe Aviation service, at Camp Meade,is again "at home," and right gladare we to have him with us. CorporalShannon has received an honorabledischarge from the service. Beforebeing transferred to Comp Meade"Teddy" was stationed at the armyaviation 'camp near Omaha, Neb.After going to Camp Meade, hiscorps were issued their overseasequipment, and were aboard a transport ready to go "over yonder,"when orders countermanding thesailing were received. Then camethe signing of the armistice, whicheffectually sealed their chances ofgetting across. Teddy says he hashad the willingness and the desire toserve Uncle Sam, and did so so to thebest of his ability as long as he could,and he surely wanted to get onechance at the Huns. We're glad tohave you in our midst, Teddy!A mother's anxiety was relievedSunday when Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger,of Paris, received a letter from herson, Clifton Arnsparger, who is stationed in the service -with the American Exepditionary Forces, in France.The letter was dated Oct. 20, butthe postmark bore the date of Nov.18. The letter had evidently beencarried around in young Arnsparger's pocket for several days beforebeing mailed. He stated that he waswell, hearty and happy, and that hehoped to return to Paris soon.s Us ISWOLLSTEIN'S GOOD ADVICEWAEM CLOTHING SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save doctor bills ly buying goodwarm clothes for men and boys (atTwin Bros.' Clothing and ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof neckwear, handkerchiefs, underwear, etc.(x) L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.Pa 15a Es- FOR THE LADIES.We are .showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving trays and many otheruseful articles,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.THE PLACE -TO BUY.'The House of Quality forjewelry. .SHIRE & F1THIAN.m teYOUR PATSIOTIC DUTY.Save your pennies in our ChristmasBanking Club and buy U. S. Bondsand Savings Stamps,PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRI3STCOMPANY. (X)OPEN EVERY NIGHT.Our store will be openevery night from now untilChristmas.x THE J. T. HINTON CO.i ioi laFOR THE MAN.Give him one of our $30 suits orovercoats for Christmas,(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.OPEN OF NIGHTS.Our store -will be open ofnights until after Christmasfor the benefit of our customers.x a. f: wheeler & co.153 feAT THE "HOUSE OFQUALITY."Ivory Toilet Manicure Sets,hand painted. Just thething. "House of Quality."SHIRE & FITHIAN.- Jsjj gg tejTHE PLACE TO BUY CHRISTMASGOODIES. NBox and bulk candies, fruits,dates, raisins, nuts, etc. Everythinggood for the children. Candies :0cto $1.00. Nuts 40c pound, orangesand fruits reasonably priced. Let mefill your order and I will save 2'oumoney,(x) GRANT OWSLEF.fca Us feTOYS, TOYS.See our window display ofToys and all kinds of ToyFurniture, Dolls, Waiters,etc., for the children. Allreasonably priced.E:M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.CHRISTMAS CARDS AND DECORATIONS. Elegant Christmas Postcards, 6 for5c; candy boxes and nice decorations, at(x) k BUSY BEE CASH STORE.. .JSiHHrffi&ki&. Ksre(T .pGRClfeNL VtRJTHINl W&I5TLWATCHESOur Watch Departmentn ' T'-ijj-3 -- i'i KChristmas GiftBuyingxTTOU will find here, as usual, an abun-uaiiue ui guis oi muueraie cost in iactmore than ever before but no deviation from our- policy of maintaining the highest excellence in all our merchandise.The prestige of a gift from this establishment adds, much to its value, but nothing toits cost.We have gathered the best Watchesfrom the leading American and Swiss makersand we have secured countless exclusive thingsin many other lines comprising the latest creations. We wish to give you every attention inour power, and we urge the early selectionof your gift.III!1THEA. J.WINTERSCO. I(Incorporated.) IllThe House that sells j. "The Most Beautiful Watch in America." k, ' i'II lY rWKHHH'if - till III! Kim IJ A I ISSSmT Hri'JISBfflBr -mahxmmml t'jIMM ml I lilt MM iVlM t 3Bmm09mmwmmmSO1lmaWL HK JBjHf MMmG&&&mY&imtifeM-W.MMMYrf a I mi MmSi7We invite you to come in and lookat our showing of select stocks forChristmas, whether to look or to buy.uy eariy, wnne our stocks arecomplete.The Christmas Storeror Men and BovsHis Gift HereNeckwear -.Hosiery ;.Belts LiSuspenders .!UmbrellasPajamasNight RobesBath RobesSmoking JacketsMufflersHats-i :.Caps.GIotcsShirts ,Handkerchiefs25c to $2.0015c to 75c25c to $1.0050c to 75c$1.25 to $2.50$1.00 to $5.00$1,00 to $2.50$6.50 to $10.00...$6.50 to $7.5050c to $3.00$2.50 to $10.0050c to $2.5050c to $5.00$1.00 to $10.00...10c to 75c.Any Man or Boy Would Appreciate ASuit or Overcoat Rrom Our Store1"Ask Any Man"We number among our customers some of the well dressedmen in town, and they have foundout, after a thorough test, that ourclothing is, the best in town.Hart Schaf ner & MarxClothesthat have made and will continueto make friends and will eventually convince you that this is thestore to buy your clothes.Suits and Overcoats$12-50 to $50WWWwrnlflMmwi BmmWWrmSm. mMTwFrl1I&" - sm miThis IsThe Boys' Store! . " ""Ask any boy and he will tellyou that he will appreciate anygift from our store.Suits ;OvercoatsCaps....,Shirts 1TiesrGloves :.;..Beltsy 2Wight Rofcel'. StockingsSweatersToques$5.00 to $15.00$6.50 to $18.0050c to $1.00.-$1.00 to $1.2525c to 50c50c to $1.0025c to 50c,' $1.00z .25c to 35c$1.50 to $5.0050c to $1.00R. P. WA LS H IMGrrTSTORESeventh and MainParis, KentuckyKKKKmmwmmmaammmmmmtmtmKmMWWKtmWKmWmwwtM sssi T ' k T mmamammaaaamKmmmamKmmmMaammmuaWmmWmM aW1''mmmmmKmmmmaBmm'ammmmHaMmmwa' - : !-jyfhrJ., ,y.LTUESDAY, DECEMap IT, 191S.V,tTHE B0U1B0H4-Jhf.t3WJ?AMSr,,FXEKTUCIXiFOR THE 1ESTNOTHING ELSEJJGET XT AT DAVIS'That gilt ypu are thinking- of giving your men. folks. Qifts from 25cup. 'J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m iSPECIAL CHRISTMAS PBICES.Special low prices on applesoranges during tlje holidays, atrx) BUSY BEEj CASH STORE.1 m &BBEAKS ASH.ndWhile engaged in cranking his automobile Saturday, at his home inNorth Middletown, Mr. Charles Hamilton, well-known horseman, had the$mall bone of his right arm broken,when the crank slipped off, strikinghim on the arm.ES te PSlSHU, THEY COME.Accidents caused by slipping cranksen. automobiles are getting to beclmost as plentiful as the every-daycollision- A recent victim of the autocrank was Mrs. Charles Alexander, ofCynthiana, who -was visiting friendsin this city. She sustained a fractured right wrist while cranking herauto. The injured member was attended to by Dr. J. M. Williams.153 $ EsAGENT FOR FRENCH BROS.-BAN-ER FANCY ICES.SOCIAI, A1W PERSONAL.Comings and. Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.I am agent in Paris for FrenchBros.-Baner Ice Cream Co., of Cincinnati. Orders taken for all kinds'of ices for weddings, parties andhome use. Prompt deliveries.RAY JOHNSON,x) Eighth Street.fsLET US DEMONSTRATE FOR YOUOUR LINE OF SONORA- . PHONOGRAPHS.Call in and let us demonstrate ourcomplete line .of Sonora Phonographsin all styles from the medium priceto the handsome cabinet instrument.A Sonora Phonograph will make apresent that will be highly enjoyedand appreciated by the entire family.A. P. WHEELER & CO.(x) Opposite Court House.151 JE3 isFRESH BAKED DELICACIESEverything good in bakery linefresh cakes, pies, lady fingers, andall the products of a first class bakery. On sale at P. M. Heller's (meatmarket, Mulfingers meat market andat Ahearn's restaurant.(17-tf) M. RITTER, Prop.Cumberland, Phone 850Home Phone 39r- IS P3 !E3 -' ' AUTO STRIKES POLE. - -The usual thing happened recently whem. an automobile came incollision with a telephone pole. Thepole withstood the shock, but themachine was wrecked. CharlesFaulkner, IVm. Garrison and CharlesRamey "were riding in a machinenear Spears Mill, when the driver in.some way lost control of the vehicle,which swerved from the straight butnot narrow path, and plunged intoa telephone pole at the side of theroad. The men all escaped injury.The wrecked machine was broughtto a local garage for repairs.IS ?3 ISARE YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?NO TROUBLE ABOUT IT HERiiiIf it is in the jewelry line, wehave it.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.NEW LINE HOUSE SUPPERS FORCHRISTMAS PRESENTS.Big assortment of house slippersfor the holidays now on sale at(x) FELD'S SHOE STORE.LARGEST STOCK IN PARIS SENSIBLE AND SUBSTANTIALCHRISTMAS GIFTS.Don't buy trash for presents. Letus sell you a Stove, Range, Buggy,Harness, Shot Gun, Rifle, FlashLight, Buggy Robe or something thatcan be used. Our stock is somethingenormous and by buying in car-loadlots are ahle to sell you good goodsat a lower price than the fellow whobuys in small quantities,(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CC.ANOTHER GAP IN THE OLD MILL'r DAM.-kAs a result of the recent heavylains Stoner Creek is almost out ofits banks, and with a good volumeof pressure behind it is making moreinroads on the mill dam at the plantof the Paris Milling Co. The gap inthe dam has opened up very preceptibly, and in its weakened conditionthe dam is liable to pass out somenight or some day, either. This willmake a very serious situation forParis, as the water used by the. people is backed up the creek to theParis Water Co.'s plant.Such a condition of things mayforce the city to act in the matter ofbuilding a new dam during the earlyspring, with the other interested parties, the Paris Water Co., the Louisville & Nashville, the Paris. MillingCo., taking their share of the expense. This may become -necessary inorder to insure a proper supply ofwater for all purposes.m m mBIG DISPLAY OF TOYS AT THERACKET STORE.tjton't overlook the fact that weMl have on display the biggest andi jmm assortment of toys in town forJMhe Christmas holidays. Also, thebest candies. Bring: the kiddies in tosee $nr Toyland, on second floor.PARIS RACKET STORE,4 . (10-3t) 607-000 Main StreetMrs. N. B. Hedges is a guest ofrelatives in Winchester.Mr. Wallace Steele has arrivedfrom Wichita, Kansas, to remainduring the Christmas holidays. "Miss Anna Pharis and sister, ofthis city, are - visiting their sister,Mrs. Jack Hughes, of Gharris Hill, inClark county.-r-Mr. L. A. Soper has returned tohis home in this city from Artesia,Mtss, where he has been looking after his farming interests.Mr. Roger Woods has aecpted aposition as night clerk in the officeof Master Mechanic Ed. H. Gorey inthe L. & N South Paris yards.Squire L. J. Fretwell, who hasbeen ill for some tijme at his homeuu cypress street, is able to be up.He will leave shortly for Florida, toopcuu me winter.Mrs. Warren Rogers, Capt. J as.Rogers, Mrs. May Stoner Clay anddaughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay,were recent guests of Mrs. Robt. G.'Stoner, near Ma. Sterling.Mrs. Lizzie Colling, of Richmond,has purchased a farm near Paris, andvill move to it about January 1.Her daughter, Miss Irene Collins,will repiain in Richmond until theclose of the school term in June.Miss Anne Molloy, of Lexington,a popular visitor in Paris, who is atSmith College, will go to Washington during the holidays, to be withMiss Genevieve Molloy who has agovernment position there. Mrs. P.H. Molloy will spend part of the holidays in Washington with her daughters. Mr. Jos. W- Davis, Sr.. accompanied by his son, Mr. Withers Davis,left yesterday afternoon for Rochester, Minnesota, where he will entertne Mayo Bros. Hospital. Mr. Davis.will undergo an operation for gallstones. His son, Jos. W. Davis, Jr.,arrived yesterday from the GreatLakes Naval Training Station on aten-days' furlough. '(Other Personals on Page 2)jsa -LADIES' SILK HOSE AOT ADLERS.Washable gloves a beautifulChristmas gift for her.(x) MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.S3 fe feORANGES BY THE BOXI. &H ENGINEER DIES PROMJUSlfl,T OF .INJURIES..Mr. Robert Burns, a well-knownLouisville & Nashville engineer, residing at Paris, died in Qorbin, Sanday night, from the' result of in-'juries received at Corbin severaldays ago. Burns-alighted from hisengine, and directly in front of aswitch engine .which was approaching on another track. The switchengine's headlight was not turned onand -the engineer did not see Burns.rjie was knocked down and run over,burauumng injuries irom which hedieti Sunday. He is survived by hiswill he, brought to Paris for interment. The funeral will he held in theParis Cemetery at 2:30 o'clock thisafternoon, with services conductedat the grave by Rev. Geo. R. Combs,of the Paris Methodist Church,fe fe IfeGIFTS. '-A man never has too many. BeaiLtiful designs in silk, madras andCrepe $1.50 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.MARGOIJSN'S SPECIALS FOR TWOWEEKS BEAD OVER THEBARGAINS.wDo YourXmas Shopping At's Gift Store and SaveSimonOranges by the box get ourprices before buying.(It) LOGAN HOWARDEa fe ISB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsA VARIED ASSORTMENT.Wrist Watches for men;women and Children.SHIRE &JFITHIAN.Ea Es 1REPORT OP REDMON SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speaker furnishes the following report of thesale held on the premises by Mr. Geo.W. Redmon, who recently sold hisfine fanm of 209 acres, on the Jackstown pike, to Mr. Edsell Clark:Horses sold from $50 to $165 perhead; mules, $50 to $85 per head;cows, $100 to $155 per head; calves,$25 to $35 per head; yearling cattle,$58 per head; heifers, $43 to $70per head; sows, $35 to $45 per head;one sow and ten pigs, $69; shoats,$9 per head; sheep, $15 to $16 perhead; chickens, 75 cents to $1.50each; picked corn in crib, 200 barrels, $7.75 to $9.00 per harrel; hay,$50 per stack; sheaf oats, $15 perton; baled hay, $21 per ton; 600shocks fodder 50 cents per shock.Farm implements brought good3l iSl feOPEN NIGHTS.For the benefit of shoppers, we will be open everynight until after Christmas,x THE A. J. WINTERS CO.EOR YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKE.Now is the time to buy fruit foryour Christmas fruit cake see ?uyline of candies before buying.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY.(x) Opp. Court House.lsa 1E3 feBUY PROM CRAVEN-MOUEY.-AND SAVEBuy your Christmas goodies fromus. We can save you money onFruits, Nuts and Candies, both in thebulk and in fancy boxes,(x) JAS. E. CRAVEN.DON'T WASTE.Anything you buy of us will benot only useful, but servicable asChristmas presents and your moneywill not be wasted,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.te tsi HiAPPOINTS ADMINISTRATOR..In the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed Mr. WilliamTaylor, of Paris, as adjmihistrator ofthe estate of his brother, the late Mr.Duncan Taylor. The latter died afew weeks ago at Lake Saranac, inNew York. Mr. Taylor accepte'd thetrust and qualified by furnishingWOLLSTEIN'S GO" WARM CLOTDGADVICE-SAVESDOCTOR BILLS.Save doctor bills by buying goodwarm clothes for men and boys (atTwin -Bros Clothing and ShoeStore) they keep influenza away.Also, see our large and elegant linesof. neckwear, handkerchiefs, underwear, etc(x) L. WOLLSTEIN, Proprietor.If you want to save money on staple groceries read over this list thatMargolen's Meat Market .offers asspecials for two weeks:2 pound-can of tomatoes, 25 cents.3 pound-can of tomatoes, 20 cents.Best grade of corn, 15 cents."Sale" Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Lenox Soap, per cake, 5 cents.Rolled Oats, per pound, 10 cents.Best Matches, per Dox, 5 centsBest high-grade Coffee, per pound2o cents.Prunes, per pound, 15 cents.Best grade of Flour, 24-poundsack, $1.60.Canned Soup, per can, 10 cents.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (17-4t)feCOUNCIL PUTS BAN ON "STOCKAT LARGE.At a recent meeting of the ParisCity Council an ordinance was passed regulating the running at largeof live stock in the city limits ofParis. The ordinance is publishedin this issue of THE NEWS.Councilman John Merringer tookoccasion to enter a vigorous protestagainst what he termed "the expense of passing ordinances thatwould never be enforced." He said,"Already there is ordinance after ordinance that are dead letters, now onthe books of the city and why continue the practice unless we mean toenforce their provisions. Take theordinance against automobiles violating the speed laws. They are violated every day."BIG XMAS SPECIALWomen's GlovesREGULAR $2.50 VALUES$1.75For Gift Shoppers our showing of Christmas Gloves will be sure to prove interesting.Women's Kid Gloves, in black and white andin black with white sitched backs, a nd whitewith black stitching on backs, regular $2.50values at $ 1 .75Women's Washable Kid Gloves, in brown,white and grey with black stitching on thebacks, per pair $ 1 .75We will not fit, exchange or guaranteethese gloves at these prices.HandkerchiefsFor ChristmasWomen's Handkerchiefs, in nlain andcolored embroidered effects, come in giftuuacs oi a in dox at oc, &c9 aoc, 6ct 75c,$1.00, $1.25, $1.50.m Women's All Pure Linen Handkerchiefs,6 in box embroidered, at 75 cWomen's Initial Handkerchiefs, coloredInitials, 3in box, at 59cWomen's Initial Handkerchiefs, coloredembroidered Longfellow initial, 3 in boxfor 75cWomen's Crepe de Chine Handkerchiefs,plain and colored borders 25cMEN'S MERCERIZED HANKERCHIFS3 in box 50cCHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFSIn gift boxes 3 in box 15cWomen's HandBagsIn a good variety of attractive shapes$1.00 to $10.00Boudoir CapsDainty Boudoir Caps,pretty variety ofm acolors$1.50Women's Neckwear A good assortment inStocks, Collars and Collarand Cuff Sets ... 50c to $1.50Christmas HosieryWe have a beautiful line of Women'sSilk Hosiery in a large variety of colors andembroidered and fancy effects. Perpair 75c to $5.00Scarf SetsKnitted Scarf Sets,Scarfconsisting of Cap and...98c to $3.00Silk PetticoatsIn a variety of wanted colors excellentquality $4.98 to $7;50I'AtIIIKIIMIIIDainty Waists for ChristmasWnTYIOn'a rNwrCk An PU, J f lj.. KWaists, newest and most becoming styles .Splendid values at $4.98 to$15In afromFurat .Women's Hand Bagsgood variety of attractive shapes.$1.00 upChildren's Fur SetsSets for the children nrettv skins K- $7.50to$12,50.ALUMNUMWARE MCEGUTS."XMASEverything in Aluminum Ware.Nothing (makes a better Christmaspresent. Come and let us show you.(x) LOWRY & MAY.a s fcsiGO TO A SHOE STORE IF YOUWANT SHOES.Shoes is all that we sell. 'Weknow nothing but the shoe business.If you want groceries you wouldn'tgo to a shoe store if you want anything but shoes, we can't wait onyou. Consequently, we should anddo know our special line and, aresure that we can please you withour big assortment of nothing butSHOES. They make nice Christmaspresents.(x) HARRY LINVILLE.l fe 3YOU HAD BETTER HURRYBUYTO-BAY.Get your order in early with BruceHolladay for Miss Holladay's candies.Sugar is scarce and the supply willbe limited this year, so order now;See our line-of novelty baskets, allshapes and colors all prices,(x) BRUCE HOLlhADAY.Farm For Sale!Containing about 58 acres, twomiles from Paris, right at goodschool; on a splendid pike; having anew house, splendid orchard, gooddairy, good barn, plenty of outbuildings in good repair, and never-failingwater. Eight acres in rye and therest in blue grass. Price, $300 peracre, And terms easy.(17-tf) J. B. CAY WOOD.The Merchandise Advertised Above Will Also Be Found In 1wui 9t.urs al Lexington, Ky.HARRY SIMON!Christmas GoodiesFresh Nuts, Fancy Box and BulkCandies; Delicious Apples, Oranges:Grapes, etc.A. ADAMI.(17-2t)The FairSPECIAL SALE OF SALAD BOWLSTHIS WEEK ONLYAssorted decorations, 9-incnesacross the top, pink floral and foliagesprays, gold decorations, excellentvalue, each- 29c not oveV two to acustomer.We, feel confident that the mostcritical exajminationjDf our completeand very appropriate lines of desirable holiday, goods will convince youthat they are not equaled elsewherein merit and .in price. You cancome and see for yourself that allthis is so without feeling the slightest obligation, to purchase unless youfind it to your best interests.FREE, FREE TO COME.THE TAIR,Public Sale of City Property!The .undersigned will offer his residence for sale, on the premises,No. 1Z1- Duncan Avenue; Paris, fey., at 2 o'clock p. (m., onSaturday, December 21, 1918.The house is a twostory brick builaing, with basement, well constructed, and is described as follows;FIRST FLOOR Parlor, dining-room and two bed rooms, kitchenwith new water tank, bath room,-laundry room, pantry, large pressroom, front andfback porches, halls and stairways.SEGOND FLOORS Three bed looms, hall andlumber, room.BASEMENT--Two large rooms and furnace room. ' -The building has a furnace, or may be heated by natural .gas orgrate fires, and has electric and gas combination fixtures for lighting.The lot fronts about 80 feet S inches on Duncan Avenue, and r-msback equar width about 541 feet 5 inches. Ithas a macadam drivewayto the stable lot with large stable, and has a large garden, cistern, andothermprovements, including hydrants in front and back yards; a ntswlypaved street, an excellent neighborhood.' TERMS One-third cash, balance for equal parts of the purchasemoney evidenced by promissory notes due in six and twelve months fromdate bearing interest from date, secured by, lien on the property.Possession-January 15, 1919..jMt .. -yf ,-GEO. D.-SPEAKES, Auctioneer.GEORGE HOWAED.rThe Best Gift of AllThe Celebrated Clear-ToneiCrescenteolaTalking MachineA Gift That the Whole Family Will EnjoyIBeautifulIn ConstructionMarvelousIn ReproductionPlays any make ofDisc Records withoutchange of attachments.Embodies the Bestin a Perfect Talking MachineCombines quality andutility with a moderateprice.IKSji HUB'11 III' 1 ' BlfffllK111 ' ' i I9HSiiI(I1Come In Today and See the Different Styles and Hear Them Play.Our Direct-from-the-Factory SellingPlan Saves Our CustomersMany DollarsBetter stop to-dav if vou are thinkine of buvinc atalking machine for Christmas, as we only have a few of H'thesemachines and may not be able to get more in ' time '5tor Uhnstmas.80c IB.Lady-Helen Chocolate CherriesJust received fresh. SpecialTry a box; you will be delighted with them.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co. It VI415 Main Streetast3&.?h-4!'. ' i! tjTHE B0U1B0K NEWS, PARTS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY, DECBMBW 17, 151S, .SPAGE SIXGIRLS !DBAW A HOISTCLOTH THROUGH HAIR,DOUBLE ITS BEAUTY(Try This!- Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and Beautifulat Once.Immediate? Yes! Certain?that's thejoy of it. Your hair becomes light, wavy, fluffy, abundantand appears as soft, lustrous andDeautiiui -as a young girrs after aDanderine hair cleanse. Just try thismoisten a cloth with a little Danderine and carefully draw it throughyour hair, taking one small strand ata time. This will cleanse the hairof dust, dirt or excessive oil, and inJust a few moments you have doubled the beauty of your hair. A delightful surprise awaits those whosehair has been neglected or is scraggy,faded, dry, brittle, or thin. Besidesbeautfying the hair, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff!cleanses, purifies and invigorates theBcalp, forever stopping itching andfalling hair, but what will pleaseyou most will be after a few weeks'use when you see new hair fineand downy at first yes but reallynew hair growing all over the scaip.If you care for pretty, soft hair, andlots of it, surely get a small bottleof Knowlton's Danderine from anydrug store or toilet counter for a fewcents.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENTPlenty ofChristmast Fruits!ModeratlyPricedMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketbrighter;EVENINGS'll xNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectre'citifor EigMiNdJit's the only satisfactory way.use SasTor iKatmg and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.r , Itt Us Fix Yea Up" Ftr the Use ! BothElectricity and Gas.f Paris Gas & Electric Co.... (Inconontei)HFmnrixiraniMn ihuhpii uf.'Uuifci jiw'--- jt- '.u.niniviimwMILLERSBURGftMr, Lee Clarke lias returned tohis home at Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. John Wright areconfined to their home with Spanifc.liinfluenza.The turkey butchering seasonclosed here Friday. Quite a numberof the birds were salughtered.Mr. Wadell Beeding is at homefrom Camp Taylor, Louisville, having received an honorable discharge.Miss Irene Jeffreys, of Lexington, arrived Friday as the guest ofher uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. R.M. Caldwell.Mr. D. E. Clarke returned Tuesday from a hunting outing in Mississippi. He also attended jthe GrandLodge of F. & A. M., at Louisvillelast Monday and Tuesday.A recital was given in the auditorium of the Millersburg College,hut on account of the influenza ban,only the faculty and pupils were permitted to be present. The schoolwill be dismissed to-day (Tuesday)for the Christmas holidays, and willremain closed until January 2.There were no church servicesin the Millersburg churches Sunday,as the Board of Health deemed it bestnot to lift the ban. Influenza is Millprevalent in the town and vicinity,hut only a few cases in town. Everyprecaution is being taken to preventa spread of the disease, in order thatthe schools may re-open on January 2 of the New Year.The Red Cross campaign started here yesterday under the auspicesof the Millersburg Chapter of theRed Cross. Chairma-n W. A. Butler isbeing assisted hy the following captains: Miss Ruth McClintock, M;ssAlfie Ball, Miss Nannie Clarke, Mrs.C. M. Best, Messrs. D. E. Clarke, J.P. Redjmon, J. T. Jefferson, JohnMarr, J. E. Poole and Dr. C. C.Fisher.Mrs. G. R. Reynolds entertainedtwelve of her lady friends Friday atnoon with a buffet luncheon, inhonor of Miss Lucia' Butler, who today will become the bride of Rev.Albert Sidney Venable, Jr., of Virginia. A pleasant time was experienced by all present. The house wasdarkened and softly illuminated withtapers and candelabras. The decorations consisted of cut flowers andpotted plants. The jtnenu consistedot turkey, old ham, escalloped. oysters, other good things of the marketand ices. The ladies were handsomely attired. One of the novel featuresof the occasion was a wish box whichwas presented to the bride-to-be,with many good wishes and smalltoken of remembrances in keepingwith them. The box was sealed andand is not to be opened until afterRev. and Mrs. Venable arrive attheir Virginia home. Mrs. Reynoldswas assisted by her mother-in-law,Mrs. Emma Reynolds, and sister-in-law,Mrs. .G C. Watkins, the latterof London, Ky.pa 1 ISMOTHER! YOUR CHILDIS CROSS, FEVERISH,FROM CONSTIPATIONIf Tongue Is Coated, Breath Bad,Stomach Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.Give "California Syrup of Figs' atonce a teaspoonful to-aay ononsaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is out-of-sorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally look, mother! seeif tongue is coated. This is a suresign that its little stomach, liver andbowels are clogged with waste. Whencross, irritable, feverish, stomachsour, breath bad or has stomachache, diarrhoea, sore throat, full ofcold, give a teaspoonful of California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated poison, un-di trusted food and sour bile gentlymoves out of its little bowels without griping, and you have a well,playful child again.Mothers can rest easy after givingthis harmless "fruit laxative," because it never fails to cleanse the little one's liver and bowels and sweeten the stomach and they dearly loveits nleasant taste. Full directions forbabies, children of all ages and forgrown-ups printed on each bottio.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Asy your druggist for a bottle ofCalifornia Syrup of Figs;" thensee that it is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company."(adv)jsa fe sThe A. R. C. Child Welfare exhibit now touring France makes abig hit.TS IS raCURE AT A COST OF 25 CENTS."Eight years ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was a great sufferer from indigestion and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, HI. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, and there wasa feeling like a heavy weight pressing on my stomach and chest all thetime. I felt miserable. Every morsel of food distressed me. I could notrest at night and felt tired and wornout all the time. One bottle of Chamberlain's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different person."(adv-jan)Thirty tractors shipped to Franceby the A. R. C. have plowed 7,500acres in eight weeks.te fe fEjCrTAMBERT.ATN'S COUGH REMEDYBefore using this'-preparation for acough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook, Macon, 111., writes. "I havefound it gives the quickest relief ofany cough remedy I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe.Mo., says "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cannot be beat for coughs andcolds." H. J. Moore, Oval, Pa., says,"I have used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy on several occasions when Iwas suffering with a settled cold uponthe chest and it has always broughtabout a cure.(adv-jan)'""lOffT deixy:Some Paris People Have Learned. That Neglect Is DangerousThe silghtest symptom of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"spnall" of your back; that urinaryirregularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, wornout feeling, may be nature's warning of kidney weakness. Why riskyour life by neglecting these symptoms? Reach the cause of thetrouble while there yet is time begin treating your kidneys at oncewith a tried and proven kidney remedy. No need to experiment Doan'sKidney Pills have been successfullyused in thousands of cases of kidney trouble for over 50 years. Doan'sKidney Pills are used and recommended throughout the civilizedworld. Endorsed at home. ReadParis testimony.Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, says: "Some few years ago Isuffered severely with kidney complaint and sometijmes was in a-seriouscondition. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back andI was terribly dizzy at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped memore than anything .else, always relieving me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburhCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)$125 A MONTHFor Men and WomenMen and wojmen, ages 16 to 45,who have finished eighth grade orits equivalent, are wanted, from eachcounty, for business positions payingup to ?125 a month. Chances for promotion good. Experience NOT necessary. "We train you. Mail this:-C0UP0N-DRAUGHTON'S, Nashville,Box K-141.Tenn,,Send particulars of your proposition.(Name)(16-4t)(Address)FQJI F.-W V y7 Y7 .THEBOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated).-.HJOHN WHITE & CO.LOUISVILLE, KY..EataUUbediol837LMmtbI assortmentand foil value paidforFURSSSSBmm(till-jan24-F)Opening Sale Dec. 1 1AVERAGE$32.05Sale December 13thAVERAGE$30.11Sale Today. Friday LastSale Before HolidaysFirst Sale Monday, Dec.16th, at Paris HouseThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYftT Jfl Sh. Af aaa PQsi mu m SBSSlm saE3a &U aaapPH V9 ir EBk j fc"w'll Ift H Bsihh m. vJJiv. t v I LBai aiaaHiMsaaai c - aaa buW oTHImibjbj bxmw r i n aTM Aaaaaar isi iyynv dmwriuaw YMNfJa-"-- is moreXIf iEJ"1iaiMff iBBlfl I eaer to t iIT fffHJlf BfJhan sales'? TNtfaSwtaSatg-aOr 4 Airristmas StoreIt's EasyampTo Shop Here'A fThis store has always been the store to have what you want, and when yougive Furniture you give something that pleases the family, as all can enjoya nice Rocker, Rug, Bed, Dresser, Stove or Range.YOUR DINING ROOMSHOULD BE IN ORDER!We would like for you to look here foranything you will need in your dining room.Chairs BuffetTables Rugor China ClosetF.Try Trading at Wheeler'sYou Will Like It !a . wtfaaaaaaaa. aaavx rKSrriniiH&rnsTHBat I I IV m Jatr-'- " ' -.'iir J I MsljV-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Manager:Opposite Court HouseIAkiiTUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1918.-?VvoSMi 2THE BOURBON NEWS, PAMS, KENTUCKY,:ia ft::ilCfyTL,"Svi?VSa'!k".c2? fisL?Si33Sfiawss;i,..A.vkrirr-. jPSjp!?2?S:iT S&E.rSJXS?:5a.-3rS'-3J3 4ijVfiP-Mtlm : rz.r5:a1--!.'i4-ykaaw u- rrr.r.-'jrrA-jfj jrmmm.axyr.-BsMEssrsii.jMllfillT"1"""""? liningj-f7-r5VJ5 ;JVM jsr:S1! 21vj:-iS3.MSsw. "!&-M?V."52VW" "r?'?--"1 -"'--iijJE- viProducers, Transporters, Refiners, MarketersMcCombs Producing & Refining CoINCORPORATEDAn Established Producing and Refining CompanyiAPPROVED BY CAPITAL ISSUES COMMITTEE"Passed by the Capital Issues Committee as not incompatible with the national interests batwithout approval of legality, validity, worth, or security." Opinion No. A 1966.87 Producing Wells 17,000 Acres of Leases1,000 Barrel Refinery 30 New Tank CarsAlter Friday, December 20, 1918STOCK ADVANCES TO2. IS Per SharePresent Price $2.00 Per jSharePar Value $1.00 Per ShareThe money raised from the sale of this stock will continue to be used, as it has been used in the past, in thedevelopment and expansion of the company's properties. Over $825,000.00 of capital raised from the sale of stockhas been invested in properties and equipment in the twelve months of the company's existence. . Its outstandingposition today as the leader among the independent oil companies operating in Kentucky may be ascribed: to following this-policy of expansion. Besults accomplished to, date are but a forerunner, of those which may be expected to ensue from the further development of the company's concededly valuable holdings, and expansion inthe field of its operations through increasing the size of its refining plant, now 'operating, and the purchase of additional producing properties. In view of progres-to date ''MeCbmbs" stock at $23)0 per share is an extremelyattractive investment opportunity with the probabilities of unlimited enhancement in value.Dividends 24 Per AnnumWells No. 85, 86 and 87 completed. 250 barrel well, Hargis No. 4, drilled and shot, good for 250 barrels; No. 5 and6 now drilling; 100 barrel well, Adams, No. 15, just completed, at 100 barrels daily; 75-barrel well, Adams No. 14,drilled and shot, good for 75 barrels; Wells No. 4, 5, 6 and 7, Butcher lease, No. 16, 17,- 18 and 19 Adams, Lease, will be completed within the next ten days.12 DRILLING RIGS NOW OPERATINGFull information on request1009 Inter-Southern BuildingLOUISVILLE, KENTUCKYOrders will be received by telegraph or telephone at our expense up to midnight, Friday,December 20, 1918, at $2.00 per share.-. w -: . V3t iVIEr3S5':J.LZESS?&:r5?&rr7 -im.-:.:-vALE.A-mar mil rirmr- . sirM-it'ta-sitJR.rras.r uir-- r jFT..aO,H5limM D Hedrick. Representative of the McCombs Producing and Refining Co., at 418 Main Street, Paris, Ky.James-U, Hmf&-a wa be g,ad tp eiplain MJCombs Propo$ition.?&fc!f?9vHj 'tfww.- XtVf.-:-- "!?.t -zri'3M'-v:; jY v:. "Sfil;-v'Hkjm"3IlTvIHVMTrijMBI VKBU-&-wf7Tjr ;JPAGE EIGHTTHE. BOURBON HEWS, EIS, KENTUCKYTUESDAY-DECEMBER 17, 19ig.. -THE J. T. HINTON CO. n;. ubhkA. ,fc SIXTH AND MAIN STREETS, PARIS, KY., FOR 1)endableXmasPresents E1 TOt'sI-.1B i7. riSee Our Rugs For Real Values3.Wecdn;iaye you money on Rugs and they make nice'" ; V :- presents.5 ';BISSELLVacuum and CarpetSweepersare ideal presents for thehousewife and are of greathelp.LETPuritanPhonographsand Recordsmake music in your homeThis ChristmasThey cost less and arebetter. You can paypart.We are Showing Writing Desksof All Kinds in (Great Profusion!We have them in ' all styles '' and prices and they arevery desirable as presents.Brass Bedsare not only very useful, butvery ornamental. Maybeone of our pretty low pricedones is just what you wantfor some one's Christmaspresent.IS If j IIi --"Old StyleMattressELECTROLIERS!We have just opened a very beautiful assortment of Electroliersi and the prices are most reasonable. They "make appreciated presents. We are also showing a few Gas Lamps.PUT ASIDE YOUR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS NOW. WEDELIVER WHEN YOU WISH.GET HIM AChiffdrobe, Smoking Stand, Humidor, Morris Chair, EasyRocker,, Office Chair, Office Desk, Electrolier, Filing Cabinet.We have" just received acar load of the wonderfulKaltex FibreUpholsteredFurnitureCome, and see it. Youcan't beat these for presents. CHILDREN'SROCKERS !Eytv;tyiyf .l KvJKIJUnPiIUl!) Jul1 " J'iHirf 'Jm In fiH-H IVrc:J'::' "ti I f J nI Vfl?-?r--5nr!ri if 31B H sA wVIS'SSGpV? frT n nr:laM5-"igELOOK HERE!Davenports, Rockers, Go-Carts, Buffets, Serving Tables,Tables, Dining Tables, Dining Chairs, Refrigerators,Writing Desks, Pictures, Mirrors, Blankets, Comforts, OfficeChairs.NOTHING MAKES A PRETTIER PRESENT THAN A DESIRABLE PICTURE. WE HAVE JUST OPENED SOME BTHAT ARE BEAUTIFUL.Dressers, Dressing Tables,Wood Beds, Iron Beds, Cribs,Shirt Waist Boxes, Jardiniers,Pedestals, Desks, Rugs.Join Our Christmas McDougall Cabinet Club$1.00 sends a McDOUGALL as a Chrismas present. Thebest Kitchen Cabinet in the world. Have yours put aside now.Globe - WernickeSectionalBook CasesPLEASE EVERYBODYWr irTHE J. T. HINTON CO.Corner Sixth and Main StreetsBoth Telphones No. 36PARIS, KENTUCKYrnBmwwrwrmjMILLERSBURGWANTED TO BUY. Secondliaild. furniture of all kinds wanted.Also carpets, rugs, stoves, etc. Cumtiecl&nd phone 780.F." B. THOMAS FURNITURE CO.,,(jl7r2t) Paris, Kentucky.a -" ' fe .feWILL PROBATED.v In, tlie Fayette County Court, Saturday,, the will of Stephen D. Burliridge, formerly of near Paris, wasprobated. The instrument left allhis prpperty to Mary L. Burbridge.-2 1S1I9IS5CHRISTMAS TURKEYS.' Order your Christmas turkey fromus and donft be disappointed.' '(It) r L0GAN HOWARD.y i m m mA STUNNER.Grocers' Mixed Candy, 25c apound; chewing gum, 3 packagesfor 10c, as long as our present stock'lasts at. these -prices.Cx) busybee cash store.WITHim "SHUT-INS."Mrs. John Cain continues seriously ill at her home on Higplnsareiiue. Dr. J. T. Comer, who hasbeen seriously ' ill, near Millersburg,is convalescent. Encouraging reportscontinue to come from the bedside ofMr. ft. Ford Brent, who was operatedon. at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, inRochester, Minn., several weeks ago.Mr. Isaac L. Price and sons, Lawrence and Stanley, are convalescentalter a severe illness of influenza.Ma James Douglas and daughter,Elisabeth, 'flu" victims, are improving. Buckner Woodford, Jr., is cnifrfrly recovered from an attack ofinfluenza. Mr. and .Mrs. JamesWoodford and Mrs. Lutrell are illwith,- influenza at the WoodfordfcDDio on, the Clintonville pike. Mrs.J. R. Johnson, who has been ill ofinfloonza at her home on Clifton.areue, in improving.m m isi MORRIS CHAIRS.-17e are showing a big line of Morrite Chairs. Make him comfortablehT giving' him one for Christmas.VtQ " THE J. T. HINTON CO.IfimLEE'S, THE SHgL&H, HAS' PRACTICAL GR-ITS.A pair of these fine shoe3 out orour stock would please him moretkn the useless gifts he has beenim the habit of getting. Buy shoeskgibft it'a common sense:(Xfc HARRY LINVH-IiE.HOLIDAY GIJTS;2 i- The A. J. Winters Co.. your headquarters forr Holidays gifts. (x) ,DEATHS.CLAY.Mrs. Emma Spears Clay, agedsixty-eight, wife of Mr. W. H. Clay,formerly of near Paris, died at herhome, 161 Woodland avenue, in Lexington, Saturday night, after a longillness.Mrs. Clay was born in Bourboncounty on May 5, 1850, and was adaughter of the late John K. andEjmily Morin Spears. She was oneof the county's most estimable women, one whose genial dispositionand womanly qualities made her universally esteemed and admired. Withher husband and family Mrs. Cayresided on a fine farm near Paris,until a few years ago, when theymoved to Lexington, where they havesince resided.Besides her husband, Mr. W. H.Clay, she is survived by two sons,Mr. Matt M. Clay, of Chattanooga,Tenn., and Mr. Roby Clay, of Lexington, one sister, Mrs. J. Will Bedford,of near Paris, and one brother,- Mr.Solomon Spears, of -Columbus, Mo.One of the lasting griefs of herlovely life was the tragic death bydrowning years ago of her favoiiteson, Mr. Henry Clay.The body, accompanied by thefuneral party, will be brought toParis for internment on the family lotin -the Paris Cemetery, at eleveno'clock this (Tuesday) morning.Services will be conducted at thegraveside by Rev. I. J. Spencer, ofLexington. The pall-bearers will beWm. P. Wornall, Woodford Buckner,Jolm M. Clay, E. W. Wickliffe, W. H.Warren, V. E. Phelps, Thos. Johnsonand John Ireland.fe les mE0R THE BLACK CKEFresh ingredients for that blackcake: Citron, seeded and seedlessraisins, dates, shelled nuts, orangeand lemon peel, spices, etc.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.BUY SOMETHING USEFUL SEEUS BEFORE PURCHASING -When buying 'Christmas presentswhy notNget something useful? Wehave everything in our line. Calland see.(x) LOWRY &-MAT.EARHERS' WIVES AND COUNTRY, FOLKS. LOOK FOR REDFRONT STORE.Come to my Cash-and-carry Grocery and see the newest, freshest lineof groceries and fruits in Paris. Tradewith me and you don't help pay theexpensive delivery service andwbadaccounts which cost the avearge grocer about ten. per cent.Highest market price paid for butter and eggs. Look for the RedFront, opposite the court houseMRS ELLIS' CASH AND CARRYGROCERY. v' rlt)MATRIMONIAL." LINVILLE BELL.Miss Ruth Linville, of thiscounty, and Mr. Joseph, Bell, of Clarkcounty, were married at the residence of the officiating minister,Rev. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington. Theattendants were1 Mr. and 'Mrs. EarlLinville. The bride is the attractivedaughter of Mr- and Mrs. Lee. Linville, of this county. She stated herage as twenty-one, while the groom,who is a son of Mr. and Mrs. E. Bell,of Clark county, gave his age' astwenty-four. . -m m miOLD SiiNTA'EEADQUARTERSOld Santa Claus has made hisheadquarters at our store and hasbrought everything here to delightthe children let the little folks takea look. Wagons, Autos, Sleds,.Sporting Goods, Rifles, Irish Mails,Drums, Skates, etc.; useful gifts,too, such as Robes, Foot Warmers,,Heaters, Ranges, Buggjr Robes,Guns, Ammunition, Flash Lights, etc.(x) FARMERS SUPPLY CXKr1ST IS feSANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls, DiningRoom Furniture Waiters,Desks, etc.,. at reasonableprices. Everything to pleasethe children. See our window display.E.M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.m m m'",?BIRTHS.1GETBUSY!Do Your Holiday Shopping NOWREADY FOR YOU!Largest and most complete stock of beautiful Holiday Shoes and Slippers, servicable Work Shoes, High Tops and Rubbers of every description at prices onlythis wonderful organization can offerSee Our Special Bargain PricesFor the EARLY Holiday ShopperAt t&VGood Samaritan! Hospital,in Lexington, to the wife of Hr..Harry Stivers, a daughter, their sec- 8ona cni.a. ana nrst daughter, zvxrs.Stivers was formerly Miss ClaxaWood, of GeorgetownTHE: FR.Y& JEWELKg STOEgTOcoNinjg m BTjsnrasSTJ zMr. O. L.'Frye .will con tinue,nsjewelry store aul optical business tthe present location, opposite . theHotel. Windsor, 'and invites- a, sharetrthe public patronage; - (13-2t)m'-m 1NEW SEMES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS BEGIN AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Our new series of' Christmas Savings Accounts starts this week Startyours to-day and have some cash tospend next Christmas.PEOPLES. DEPOSIT BANK '&" TUSTCO. " - f (xh 3ri --.O-f VTiflCr?iB laVorhPiWs'SW1 vs-M. kp.sVt3j2IXSpecialsMen's Black Kid Slippers99c UpLadies' Felt Slippers69c Up100 Pairs Ladies' Black English Boots, $4.00 valies; at$2.99ALL SIZES.Ladies' Havana Brown - EnglishBoots, calf tops -Ladies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies Dark Gray boots, best custom makes -Ladies' .Gun Metal, buttonand lace, low heel, at , . .Misses' Gun Metal, buttonat :..$5.00$3.49$5.95$2.49$1.99ii iiV f -fi8 !-Men's Dark Tan English WalkOver and other famous makesMen's Tan English, Best Makes,atMetal$5.50$4.50Walk-Over, eo yfOP.7Men's GunEnglishMW-T, -v3 X...- TH T T . -- -Hoouuouya xh. j. uest wear- 9 AHmg Shoes, heavy flexible soles yoA3Boys' Tan Army Shoes a qDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store?M-0CF iv 1$bi 1 ''.- t3(,JK