J- Vmm 'mM' m.KJ.'. v.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR'JF-j--' 1 " ' ; v. vvP.V ,. . nV -MM:4VKm ft nXm K BM- M I - mm mm In mTmm -mmmEm H H HUH LmWLmW 'v V ' sxi'mB -H ynnwoIVOLUME XXXVIIimTLITENZA SITUATION LOOKSPNPHOMISING.While there is nothing of an alarming nature in the influenza in Paris,tlie fact remains, as stated to THENEWS yesterday by a member of thelocal Board of Health, that Paris isfar from being free of the disease.Tlie best evidence of that fact is thatthe drugstores are almost swampedwith orders for cold and "flu" remedies, together with prescriptions fromphysicians. These have kept thepharmacists busy day and night, andtheir files are full of prescriptions ofthat nature awaiting their turn tobe filled.Though the cases that have developed are m ine mam siignt ones,PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1918TWO WILLS PROBATED IN THECOUNTY COURT.The last wills and testaments ofMiss Sallie Neal and Mr. James H:Haggard, both of whom died in Parisrecently, have been probated in theCounty Court before County JudgeGeorge Batteron.The will of Miss Neal, after directing the paypnents of all just debts,funeral expenses, etc., devises the remainder of her estate equally to Mr.Hopson Lowry and his sister, MissBessie Lowry, both of Lexington, andMrs. Ruby L. Arnsparger, of Paris,who are her nephew and nieces, Mr.Will S. Arnsparger, named as administrator with the will annexed,qualified for the trust bv fnr-IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.4hArP Tiave hean renorted a niimhftr in pishing bond in the sum of $2,000.a malignant form, and the danger is i with Ms (mother, Mrs. Ruby L. Arn-aot yet passed. Physicians are doing all they can, and the Board ofHealth is doing likewise. The urgent need of co-operation, of the people of Paris with the physicians andttie Health Board is manifest. Therules and regulations regarding thedisease should be carried out to thevery limit. Every case that appearsshould be announced with a placardon the home where it is present. Thishas been demanded by the Board ofHealth, but not always observed.The strictest enforcement of the antispitting laws would help. Every individual should constitute himself acommittee of one to warn violatorsof the anti-spitting ordinance.Leaves should not be burned, butplaced in the barrels provided forthem or hauled away. Everythingthat will contribute to helping theauthorities so prevent any furtherspread of the disease should be cheerfully and willingly done by our people. The State Board of Health has prohibited public funerals, yet peoplelave gone to cemeteries, and havestood in the cold air with their headsuncovered, inviting thereby pneumonia and influenza. The Board hasalso rigorously prescribed that allbodies must be taken immediately tothe undertaking establishments andfrom there to the cemeteries, whereservices may be held, with only theimmediate members of the familypresent. This should be observed.The seefming indifference of thepeople, not only toward ' preservingtheir individual health, but in regard to the danger of spreading pneumonia and kindred, diseases throughout the country, has caused the localBoard of Health to seriously considerissuing an order prohibiting anyonesave members of the family to attendfunerals An order has been issued,which is being strictly -complied with.sparger, as surety. The estate willbe appraised by Clarence K. Thomas,George Doyle and Wm. T. Bryan.By the terms of his will Mr. Hag-ygard devises all his property, real,personal and jmixed, to his widow,Mrs. Nannie J. Haggard. The willspecified that the estate included realestate in Paris; 108 town lots inTexas. A farm on the Hawkins &Cummins pike, in Bourbon county,had been sold since the drawing ofthe will, which was dated December19, 1914. Mrs. Haggard was named Iceived orders from Cleveland to re-Millard Hornback, formerly ofPans, writes to Paris friends that hehas arrived safely overseas as a member of the American ExpeditionaryForce. Reports from Lieut. Raymen Jones,of North Middletown, stationed atCamp Meade, Md., and Private Carlton Jones, also of North Middletown,at Camp Taylor, state tha they areconvalescing from recent n.ttnMrR ne. ..... rj.tine Spanish influenza.Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lavin, of Paris,received a letter from their son Lawrence Lavin, at Camp Gordon, nearAtlanta, Ga., stating that he' hadbeen promoted to the rank of lirstLieutenant. He has been reirimentertbayonet instructor at Camp Gordon,for SPVPrnl imnntlio 'Miss Mary Fithian HutchcrafVofParis, who enlisted sometime ago inthe canteen service of the Y. W. C.A. and United War Workers, has re-GERMANY's REPLY TO PRESI-DENT'S NOTE REACHESA WASHINGTON.as executrix, and qualified as suchwith a bond of $15,000 fixed by theCourt, with no surety, the will dispensing with the same.requiring all barbers to wear influenza masks over their faces whilewaiting on their customers.In accordance with the order issuedSaturday by the State Board ofHealth at the meeting held in Louisville, all the soft drink stands inParis were closed from 6:30 p. m. to6:30 a. m. Sunday. This conditionwill obtain every night until the banis lifted. The order was not generally known until Sunday, when anofficial order was issued by the localBoard, announcing the State Board'sorder.The dread disease has been playinghavoc in the mechanical departmentof this division of the Louisville &Nashville, with the result that alarge number of men are down withit. There has been several deaths.Wm. Lemaster, engineer on thisdivision, died of the disease at Mays-ville, after a short illness. He alsoformerly resided in Paris and has abrother living here. Ossian Sprake,of Paris, engineer, who has been seriously ill with the disease at Corhin,was reported yesterday as being considerably improved. ""FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'port to the headquarters at New Yorkwithin ten days. She expects to leaveimmediately for 'duty, overseas.Private Emimett Fry. formerlv ofJKiserton, this county, writes his parents, Mr. ana Mrs: James Fry, thathe had made the overseas trip insafety and was then at a Europeanportr Fry is a member of CompanyC, 149th Infantry, American Expeditionary Forces.Sergt. Y. H. Harrison, formerly ofParis, has arrived safely in France,according to messages recently re-received by friends in Paris. Sergt.Harrison is a jmember of the 326thField Artillery, American Expeditionaryf A Paris friend upon hearing of Sergt. Harrison's arrival "overthere" remarked: "If we had an armyof men as tall and as intelligent .asHarrison, we could soon win thewar. The Boches will wonder, 'Isthat a sample of what America can,producer " iA letter frojm Henry Tucker, formerly of Paris, to his mother, Mrs.Lucie Turney Tucker, in Cincinnati,he had the pleasure of meeting several Paris boys, one of the Ltpjrooys, Paui-Brannon andSlider.The German reply to PresidentWilson's note, the text of which wasreceived in Washington yesterday xbywireless, says Germany hopes theIgnited States -will approve no demand-tfhich would be irreconcilable withthe honor of the, German people andwith the opening of the way to ap'eace of justice.Germany protests against the reference of President W41son to illegaland inhuman acts.Denial is made that the Germaniiavy purposely destroyed life boats.The German Government proposesthat the facts be cleared up by neutra comjmissions.Germany has dispatched orders tosubmarine commanders precludingphe torepdoing of, passenger ships.' The German Government suggeststo President Wilson that an opportunity be brought about for fixing details of the evacuation of occupiedterritories.I .A wireless version of the Germanreply, to President Wilson reached theState Department at Washington yesterday. There will be no officialcomment until the official text is received. The note as received by wireless in'Washington will not be made publicthere nor will the officials discussLondon dispatches describing its contents. te JSi lEaNOTICE TO PATRONS 0E HOMETELEPHONE CO.For the past week the service ofthe Paris Home Telephone Co., hasbeen slightly demoralized, owing tothe fact that several of our best operators have been on the sick list,and we have been unable to secureskilled operators to replace theni. Wehave necessarily been compelled todo the best we could under the circumstances. We made every effort tosecure operators from other places,but owing to the influenza scare,their parents would not permit themto leave home.The public can appreciate the difficulties we are laboring under, whileat the same time endeavoring to givethe best service possible. Have patience and we will do the same. Agreen operator t has her difficulties,too, so let's spread a little sympathyClaremca, all around for the company, its ser-He stated that Frjfo&:-iJTOtauts, -and the public, and with co-gins was at the same place, but mucji operation and mutual understandingSUITS7 '-$ i'H;;!: :Children's, &kse$9 and Ladies9. iCOATSa'is".FRAMK:& CO.i it- -Its n .iA Vto his regret he missed seeing liimlTucker stated that when all'theseboys got together it was' like a realold-fashioned Kentucky home-coming jaffair. He said the boys were inexcellent health.The Cincinnati Times-Star in a recent issue published an intensely interesting letter, written from theFrench-German battlefront by LieutjHarding Woodall, recently of Covington. The article is mainly descriptive of the stirring and thrillingscenes when the Allies artillers wentinto action at the battle of Soissons,and the part played by the Americangunners in our "first great battle."Lieut. Woodall is the only son Qf Mr.and Mrs. Frank Woodall, of Covington. His mother was Miss TillieBrent, of Paris, the youngest sister ofMrs. Belle Brent Alexander, of Paris.'His father died about three years agovLieut. Woodall volunteered at the beginning of the present world-war,and was sent to the Officers' ReserveTraining Corps, at Ft. -Oglethorpe,Ga., and later to Camp Robinson,near Sparta, Wisconsin.. He was assigned to the Seventh Field Artillery, 1st . Division, American E. F.,with the rank of First Lieutenaant-CoulthardFritts, former Parisian,is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Clark Fritts, in Lexington. Mr.Fritts is in the U. S. service, beingstationed at Rochester, New York, inthe aerial photography branch ofthe service. He is a graduate ofGeorgetown College, and formerly instructor in physics in the Urbana,111., High School. Mr. Fritts is theinventor of an improved high altitudelens used in . taking photographsfrom aeroplanes and has been assigned to the Eastman Kodak Co.'s plantin Rochester to superintend the manufacture of the lenses.Thornton Connell, son of Mr. andMrs. John J. Connell, and HiramAdair, member ,of the Students' ArmyTraining Corps at the University ofKentucky, were sent Saturday nightto the Machine Gun Officers' TrainingSchool at Camp Hancock, near Augusta, Georgia. Mr. Connell was formerly a student of the School of Journalism at the University of Kentuckyand for sometime -was a reporter onthe Lexington Herald, and ManagingEditor of the Kentucky Kernel, theofficial publication of the Universityof Kentucky. Connell and Adairhave the making of good soldiers, andwe predict they will soon find promotion from the ranks.Announcement was maoe Saturday by Capt. N. H. Royden. Commandant at Kentucky University, atLexington, that he had received orders to send an unlimited number ofhis (men to the infantry training camDat Ft. Pike, Arkansas. Orders wereaccoramgiy issued ior all men onall things will work around to theultimate good of all concerned.PARIS HOME TELEPHONE CO.dates for the officers training campthere in the machine gun corps.These four are Thornton. Connell andHiram T. Adair, of Paris, BernardMossinck, of Nicholasville, and Sergt.Cockrell, of Atlanta, Ga. Commandant Royden stated that it was unofficially, but very generally understoodthat the sudden summons of the Government to men for infantry trainingI at Ft. Pike is on account of the hugegaps made in the fighting ranks bythe influenza epidemic.Lieut. Finnell W. Galloway, member of Co. D., 334th Infantry, American Expeditionary Force, wrote hismother, Mrs. Grant Galloway, ofParis recently, announcing his presence on French soil, having made theAtlantic voyage in safety.'Mrs. Jesse Turney received a letterSunday from her son, Private AndrewJackson Tunrey, in France, statingthat he was well and doing as wellas could be expected. He is a member of the Engineer Detachment ofthe American Expeditionary Force.Several Central Kentucky boyshave recently received commissions as'Second Lieutenants at the ArtilleryCentral Ofllcers' Training Camp atCamp Zachary Taylor. Among thefortunate ones was Frank L. McCarthy, of Lexington, a son of Mrs. P. I.McCarthy, formerly of Paris, andnephew of Miss Julia McCarthy, ofParis.NDr. Sim Linville, of Spears, has re-i received his commission at First Lieutenant in the Army Medical Corps,and has been assigned to duty atCamp Green, near Charlotte, N. C.Dr. J. T. Brown, of Paris, is stationed in the same service at the sameplace. Dr. Linville had been a medical practitioner in this county forseveral years before volunteering inthe service of his country.Clarence Buchanan, formerly withthe Power Grocery Co., in this city,is now in the war zone, according toa letter received here by his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Charles Buchanan, announcing his safe arrival at a European port. Buchanan is a member ofthe Headquarters Company, 149th. Infantry, and after leaving Camp Zachary Taylor, had for several month'sbeen stationed at Camp Shelby, Hattlesburg, Miss.'Lieut. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr.,of Paris, has been promoted in theservice in France to the rank of Captain. Capt. Hutchcraft, who is withthe famous Rainbow Division American" Expeditionary Force in France,THESE CITIZENS HELPED IN THEBIG- CAMPAIGN.The following is a list of thft patriotic citizens who contributed tothe advertising fund that paid for allthe advertising used in the newspapers of Paris for the big campaignfor the $6,000,000,000 Fourth Liberty Loan. The citizens were solicited by the Publicity Committee andgave freely and willingly. One, twoor three refused to give or settlewhen approached by the solicitors.The success in Bourbon in the bigcampaign was greatly assisted by theliberality of the advertising done bytnese patriotic citizens.Harry Ogden.Bruce Holladay.Logan Howard.Daugherty Bros.. City Fire Department.Mitchell & Blakemore.Deposit & Peoples' Bank.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank andTrust Co.J. W. Davis & Co.Farmers' & Traders' Bank.Frank & Co.Ardery & Co. . r 'First National Bank.Lavin & Connell. ,The J. T. Hinton Co.- Posner Bros.Shire & Fithian. ' ' lParis Book Co. " rLew Taylor.Wilmoth & Co.Carlton Williams.Carl Crawford.Doug Hildreth.Wm. Kenney Ferguson.N. A. Moore. , 'Lusk & Shea.Lowry & May. ( "jParis Water Co. ' : 'T. W, Spicer. - -J. S. Wilson & Co.Ford & Co. ' . ' ,C. G. Schwartz.Geo. Crosdale.Hotel Windsor. .J. W. Brown.L. R. Bramblett.Sheriff's Office. ,Sherman Stivers.Cahal Bros.A. Adami.Corbin Barber Shop. vA. J. Winters & Co.January & Connell.Drs. Dailey & McMillan.4Dr. Comer. ' ' 'vjmDr. Foster. mfc?Dr. Ussery.Mrs. M. Parker.Harris & Speakes.Dr. Henry, North Middletown.Grant Owsley.R. P. Walsh.Grinnell Bros. . -- -Fisher TransferCo." c--'-L. Oberdorfer.Harris & Dale. ', E. M. Wheeler.John Merringer. .Harry Baldwin.Pastime Billiard Co.Stone & Tarr.Stant. Rummins,.Wm. Hinton.POURTH LIBERTY LOAN- SATOGREATLY OVERSUBSCRIBED.Though definite figures are not yettabulated, Treasury officials are con-,fident that the six billion LibertyLoan has been greatly oversubcribLReports from all parts of the country indicate that huge last-hour subscriptions had been made to swell thealready large total. It is estimatedthat more than 20,000,000 personssubscribed to the loan, the greatestpopular response to any such, movement in the history of the country.Kentucky has exceeded her quotasin the Fourth Liberty Loan campaign by five and a half million dollars and reports from, several counties are incomplete. Both the Bast-era and Western Districts went "over "the top" by substantial amounts.Employes of this division of theLouisville & Nashville purchased -totalof ?195,000 worth of bonds. Ofthis amount Bourbon county waacredited with a total of $42800 instead of $35,000, as previously published. This would make Bourbon .county's grand total $951800.00.The report of Bourbon county'sparticipation in the campaign, according to the statement given tothe press Saturday night by CountyChairman Buckner Woodford, showsa total subscription to the FourthLoan amounting to $951,800.00. Thequota assigned the county was $675,000. On the last day of the campaign the committee's Yeport showedan oversubscription of $286,000 beyond the quota. The Loan was subscribed through the following banks:B o u rbo-n - Agricultural cBank & Trust Co $277,850,00 'People's - Beposit Bank& Trust Co 217,500.00First National Bank . . . 132,450.00Farmers & Trader Bank 47,400.00Deposit Bank, N. M.Town 86,300.00Farmers' Bank, M'burg 82,000.00Exchange Bank, M'burg 39,850.00 .Farmers' Bank, Clinton-ville 13,700.00Employes L. & N. R. R.in Bourbon county(subscribed through the IL. & N.) 42,800.00 'Subscriptions by citizens iof Bourbon County,payable .through banksoutisde of the county ll,850.0OTotal Subscriptions ..$951,800.0,0Sweet Shop.A. R. Johns.W. Ed. Tucker.Paris Ga & JElectric, Co.F. - Weckesser.C. S.. Goldstein.Jos. L. Leach.Baldwin Bros.C. P. Cook.James Caldwell.John T. Collins.Bourbon Lumber Co.A. B. Hancock.Dr. D. S. Henry.-l-t m i?-Pariswrites to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.furlough, to report to him immedi-!?' B' Hntehcraf t in this city a fewthe note Cant. '"Hutchcraft added:"We have just jpulied.off the biggestsnow, tlie Americans naveoeen m jjl.Myvboys ' covered ' themselves with:glory.'v- " r 'f - . . .ateiy. This recalled severalboys who had been" at home'Four menfrom Ihe training unitfwJILJie. senttov'Camp .Hancock, .Ga.,within the next i few days asAcWdi-WE KNOW H0W-An Ounce of PreV .vention is WorthPound of CureiYour health and comfort are worth more than yourdollars.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesFor Winter!'r1.iI-wm1VMI:;are just what you need. If you suffer with cold feet, cornsr ,: Dunions or canous places you win nna great comiort in -kjHI wearing Dr, Reed's Shoes, and eventually these troubles" will cease. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made with a soft velvet- Rlike cushion sole between the outer and inner soles, whichgives that ease and comfort to the foot, and keeps thedampness from creeping through the soles of the shoes.Calf Skins and Vici Kids, heavy and light soles$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes ForWinter WearIare now on display, and you will find the same dependableshoes in Russian. Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leathersthat have made the Nettleton the ideal shoes for the manwno wants style, service an comfort.,- --.-st$12 PER PAIRmm...mum 0 m.ir..AnrtmiibncLL a DLHivcmuni:jStetson' Hats, Manhattan Shirts..- -KM wrmmmmStein-Bloch ClotheX:ixara-!H1IY.'.ATWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, J?AKIS, KY.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2 2, 1 1 iKHE BOURBON NEWSled 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationMMJihed Every Tuesday and Priday3Pr Yar..2.00 6 Months. .51.00Payable in Adavance.IWIFF CHAMP, Editor and Owner.PM4red&t the Paris, Kentucky,JftMKOmCe as Mall Matter Of tnfflfinn nf n Spnstnr frnm -K-ojifiintv thatSecond Clasa.)A&y erroneous reflection upon theHair lifter, standing or reputation 0cMr jtereon, firm or corporation whichmT appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDteplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 50 cents per inchMfcftub8equent insertion.JBMding Notices, 10 cents per lineIMk iftcue; reading notices in blackItHpttt cents per line, each issue.Cards -of thankw, calls on candi-'Obituaries and resolutions, andaiatter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseairi-and yearly contracts.Tfetf right -of publisher is reservedto Aecline any advertisement or otherMitifr for publication.Jjutouncements for political officesnet- invariably be accompanied byftocMfe.ff - This paper has enlistedfrith the government in thecause of America for the'period of the warEDUOBIAL MUSINGS.t.' Civil War Bungling.Turning to Woodrow Wilson's History of the American People, it is interesting to "note the strong disapproval in dealing with the facts thattk civil war ended without any apjareatfpreparations for reconstruction. When the Confederacy surrendered Washington had no programto meet the new conditions. Presi4emty Johnson was evidently bent"Bf&a. a program of generous treatmeat of the Southern people, but wasmet by a Congress evidently determined to crack the lash over theaaked backs of the vanquished. Ittook years to solve problems thatshould have been dispassionately discwnced and determined before thesurrender of the Confederacy. Thepeople of the world have le"arn'ed newlogons since 18'65, and on this basisCongress proposes to solve the ques"Ukm. ahead of it while the war is stillgUgon.Arid In the meeting of these probTciWMTthe Interests are bound to be soeonSfctlng, and the ideasso various,tkat Che public is likely to wonderwhether there is not a new war onhxai. The fantastic dream of public ownership of all sorts of devices,running-down the line to includeTWiy forpns of manufacturing andmgriculture, are already being suggested, and a good many ambitiouspoliticians are going to enlist alongtnosft lines in the hope that they mayTie on.' a new band wagon.Clear the Way For Essentials.It used to, be- that as long as awas- reasonably peaceable andmet unreasonably lazy, that otherJMks did not bother much what hedkL But how times have changed.Now the same man must not only bereasonably busy, but he must be busyfit a reasonably essential task, elsekRg copies the government, tapsMm on the shoulder and tells him tomove on" and find a real job.And so It is with .the farmer. Goneare Che good old days of winter whenwe ised to play dominoes and drinkWI6 cider, only stopping to eat dinner fmd feed" the stock. Winter is aresting period no longer. It is a preparation time for the busy spring andswnaier which is coming. And woeto those of us who do not prepare."Wte nd ourselves, when spring blossom out, confronted with the task ofbattling fertilizer, unloading lime,)Murketing wheat or corn or potatoes,sa4 tfoing numerous other tasks at a"tkpewhen we should be out in thejfttlds!' planting crops to lick theXaiper."Democratic Press United.So Jar as we have been able togatinr, the Democratic papers areaa'ting together for Gov. Stanley,th iMminee for TJ. S. Senator andwrgMg his election, both because heis eiently fitted for the position"hj ky. .ability and experience, andVwwu thjey believe, with PresidentlVWMMif tiULt''it is of the utmost coniMtMiia.ee 1 that ikes administrationafcetrtd- have the support of its realfriwic. It is a good omen and spellsfet3ry at .the polls in November.Thaii are tow o so-called Beckhanib'4o Stanley Depiocrati, but theynWtti indivisible, bLt onielecting theiiarty's nominees- ;ndlhelping the President to win the war.There does notsseem to be the shadowof a doubt of the election 'of GovernorStanley, but -over confidence must notjmake any Democrat ceose to do liisfull duty. Get busy now and keep itup until victory is won"The President Deeply InterestedWhile in Washington a few daysago, Gov. Stanley called on PresidentWilson to pay his respects and foundhim so much interested in the elec-he was detained long over the allotted time to go over the full situation.The President feels the need of suchsupport as Gov. Stanley would givehim and very earnestly hopes thathe will be elected to take up the workof Senator Jajmes, who was chiefestof his co-operators. It is not in theprobabilities that Kentucky will disappoint the great man, btft will showto him how firmly they respect .hiswishes and stand behind him in everyeffort to defeat the Beast of Berlinand send him and his miserablehordes to annihiliation and damnation. Everything's "Flu" Now!Got a little measly cold?Spanish Flu.Do your bones feel stiff and sore?Spanish Flu.Is it eneragy you lack?Have you stepped upon a tackGot a crick in your back?Spanish Flu.If your throat feels kinder rawSpanish Flu.If you have a swollen jawv Spanish Flu.If your tooth is kinder achin'If an illness you are fakinIf your knees are a-shakin'Spanish Flu.Is your liver on the bum?Spanish Flu.Are you puddled up on ru,m?Spanish Flu.Have you stumped one of your toes?Have you just a bleeding nose?Or no matter what your woesSpanish Flu.B fcs fcsPOSTAL PICTURES OE BELGIUMABE WANTED.Old picture post cards and photographs of France or Belgium of anyof the territory now occupied by theGermans are needed by the War Department, according to an open letterwritten by William Guggenheim,chairman of the Army an.d,Navy Committee of the American Defense Society, to the American people. Thisletter, which is writen at the requestof Maj. A. G. Campbell, of the Military Intelligence Branch of the WarDepartment,, reads :"I urge patriotic Americans to forward any picture rpost cards, photographs and prints of any of the townsa-nd of the country now occupied bythe Germans in Belgium and "Northern France to the American DefenseSociety, at 44 East Twenty-thirdstreet, New York City, from wherethey will be sent to the War Department, as they will be of value to ourofficers abroad who can familiarizethemselves with the appearance of localities toward which they are advancing, which will undoubtedly bea distinct aid in military operations."I especially urge peopiewho havetraveled abroad and who have collected postal cards to carefully sortthese, with a view to their beingused by the War Department Written discription of the territory already mentioned will be of considerable value."UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGNUpon request of President Wilsonthe above organization has been perfected and the week of Nov. 1thto 17th, 1918, has been designated asContribution Week and is to be devoted to raising, through public contribution, the sum of $170,500,000,which is less than ?1 give-n to eachsoldier and sailor of our fightingforces for the great cause of freedom,liberty and Christianity.The purpose of the organization isto co-operate co-ordinatedly with thefollowing war agencies, namely: TheNational War Work Council of Y. M.C. A., War Work Council Y. W. C.A., the National Catholic Council (P.of, C), Jewish Welfare Board, TheWar Camp Community "Service, TheAmerican Library Association v andThe Salvation Army.The Field Army of these sevengreat agencies comprise more than15,000 uniformed workers on bothsides of the water, and Gen. Pershingis calling for additional workers tobe sent at the rate of at least 1,000per (month, as their work is intendedto reach each and every soldier andsailor in an effort to maintain a highmorale of the Army and Navy, and toimpress upon the boys, that constitute same, that the folks at home arethinking of and praying for them.Certainly no Airierican citizen cansay that $1 per week is too much forthe cheer and comfort of our braveboys, especially, if one of the boys ishis boy.Therefore, in order that Kentuckymay continue to occupy her exaltedposition in the front ranks, in looking after the copnfort and environment of our soldiers and sailors, mayI beg 'Of each citizen in. this Commonwealth to send a contribution tothis noble and glorious cause, addressing same to Hon. Myron T. Herrick, 911 Equitable Bldg., 347 Madison avenue, New York City, andthereby let our boys, over the sea,know that at home every man, woman and child is standing behindhim with united, undivided and indivisible purpose to win.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.m 1 toPershing surprised the Germans,who had been Informed by the General Staff that it was the invariableAmerican custom to move on Oct 1.A success is a man who has stuckto one job long enough to do it well.rJOUTARY DEFICIENCY; BE&3tE-POETED IN CONGRESS.WASHINGTON, October 1.- ?hemilitary deficiency- hill, carrying$6,345,755,000 ior the enlarged warprogramme, was reported to, theHouse Wednesday by the Appropriations Committee. It provides$6,152,062,000 for the army,$107,217,000 for the navy and$70,000,000 for family allowances ofsoldiers and sailors. This is the unmistakable notice of the House ofRepresentatives of the United Stateson the crumbling German militaryautocracy that it has only begun tofight. . "An army of approximately5.000.000 men. 80 divisions in Franceand 18 Jn training at home by July1, next iS what the new programmecalls for. To -prepare and maintainit, the amount now proposed is sought,in addition to ?17,500,UUU,UUU provided by the annual army bill and thefortifications bill. Itvill bring thetotal of "appropriations and authorization for the year up to$36,000,000,000.Gen. March, appearing before thecommittee when the bill was drafted,described it as the "maximum effortfor a definite maximum performance." ie pointed to xne moral eifect of such measure.Representative Sherley of Kentucky, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, explained thebill to the House. He has pruned andpared the estimates wherever possible,but his policy and that of the othermembers of the committee has beenthat there would be no stinting theAmerican army in its fights againstthe Germans.NATIONAL DRAFT REGISTRATIONSHOWS 12,966,594 TOTAL. -WASHINGTON, Oct. 21. Finalreturns from all States show that12,966,594 men registered for military service September 12. This was187,836 in excess of the estimate of12,778,758 made by experts, in theoffice of Provost Marshal GeneralCrowd er, based on projections fromthe census figures.Texas was the last State to report.Its registration as announced Tuesday night by Gen. Crowder was521,474, against the original estimate of 546,187.The total announced Tuesday doesnot include registrations received bymail by local boards after September12, nor belated enrollments by menwho were absent from the countrythat day. Including such cases, it is'believed the actual figure will be ap-iiruAimateiy xo,uuu,UUU. lniS Willbe still further increased by the registrations in Alaska, Porto Rico andHawaii, which are to be held on laterdates recently hxed by the President.With the figures compiled Tuesdaythe total number of men who havebeen registered "in the reservoir ofthe selective service system since theUnited States entered the war, including those registered June 5, 1917,last June 5 and August 24 and September 12 is 23,456,021.m m mHENRY WATERSON'S GRANDSONKILLED IN FRANCE.LOUISVILLE, Oct. ' 21. HenryWatterson, grandson of Mr. and Mrs.Henry Watterson, was killed in action in France while fighting withthe Canadians Sept. 27. Officialnotice came to his mdther, Mrsr JeanWatterson, 110 Seventeenth avenue,Nashville, and was transmitted by herto his grandparents.Private Watterson was in the Canadian army, having enlisted shortlyafter the European war began. Heleft home in California and enlistedat Vancouver, B.C. Mr. Watterson received his education in France andloved that country so dearly that herushed to its defense as soon as itwas invaded. He was born at Nashville, and was twenty-eight years old.He was the favorite grandson of Mr.and Mrs. Watterson, and:had crossedthe ocean with them' several' times.Dietetic Habits.Some people seem to think that avegetarian Is a curiosity. A roughcalculation shows that the populationof the world, now estimated approximately at 1,600,000,000, is said to bedivided as to dietetic habits about asfoHews: Strict vegetarians, 250,000,000; practically vegetarians, but eating a little fish or flesh, 450,000;000;eating meat about once a week (onhigh days and holidays), 500,000,000;eating meat daily and sometimes morethan once a day, 400,000,000."The Austro-Hungarian governmenthas decided to take the whole of thisyear's Serbian harvest.MICKIE SAYSHC MNON CaUN VNVAOWCtC3 IN MtHh RNUHANDS -XH BOSS A UrA9 OFCHATTEL 'BOU-C WS RINSSN NNHM fc .0-T-CA AONJCtt--fSNyHE'S &OIM DO ,3TTS OttS-T AJVANT WE PANSFeb. 'round -This op?ceu1i.y 'aout coM-VRAc-rFE AL IQUARTER. PAGE W Jf -CHE NEAR PON'f EVEN S( QrT A FREE -TnNO-QVT; IQCAllau-r a nve no vaoreV DVsNSjTHtBO SS sSGIRLS !DAW A MOIST-CLOTH THROUGH HAIR, C. DOUBLE-IT BEAUTYTry This! Hair Gets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and BeautifulAt Once.Immediate ? Yes! . Certain?that's the joy of it. Your hair becomes light, wavy, fluffy, abundantand appears as' soft, lustrous andbeautiful as a young girl's after aDanderine hair cleanse. Just try this(moisten a cloth with a little Danderine and carefully draw it throughyour hair, taking one small strand ata time. This will cleanse the hair ofdust, dirt or excessive oil. and in iusta few moments you have doubled the4 beauty of your hair. A delightfulsurprise awaits tnose wnose Jiair hasbeen neglected or is scraggy, faded,dry, brittle or thin. Besides beautifying the hair, Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; -cleanses,purines and invigorates the scalp,fbr-ever stopping itching and fallinghair, but what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou see new hair fine and downy atfirst yes but really new hair growing all over the scalp. If you carefor pretty, soft hair, and lots of it,surely get a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine from any drug storeor toilet counter for a few cents.(adv)The Dutchess of Marlborough, formerly Consuelo Vanderbilt, has beena candidate for a seat in the Londoncounty council.A BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know that a beautiful woman always has a good digestion? Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)Public SaleOFHorses, Cows, Hogs,Farm Implements,Corn, Etc.I will sell at nublic auction, on thefarm, at Austerlitz, Ky., beginning atiu o ciock, a. m., on 'THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1918,One 7 year old erav mare. Per-cheron ;One 3 year old bay horse, Percheron; fOne 14 year old sorrel mare;Two Jersey cows, fresh in March;Three cows;One young Jersey cow with calf;Twenty-three shoats, 75 to 115pounds;Two shoats 135 pounds;One hog 300 pounds;One sow with five pigs, Duroc Jersey; Four sows, Duroc Jersey;One wagon and frame;One corn planter;One cultivator;One wheat drill;One sled;Two pair gears;One buggy;Two sets buggy harness;One newDe Laval Separator;une cuinvator;One two-horse carriage and doubleset harness in first class condition;150 shocks corn;56 shocks fodder;One and one-half tons hay;Seventy-five chickens.TERMS Made known on date ofsale "JOHN S. HASKINS.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(5oct-td)TREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTree, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden."-FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky. -NO AGENTS.DoYou Neea1Glasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, jiervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will ijreak down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklinrf Suite 205-6r;Fjlr8t;NtioalvBaMkrt'rBoth PhoriftH. r '' Trl xrLOSTs&r&$ni- w ok a -A white pointer kbitch,, with tanears. Liberal reward for Tier return or information lading to her recovery. Notify" Bush Bishop orErnest Martin. (ostl8-tf)Hay For SaleAlfalfa and Clover Hay, Baled.Delivered in Paris in any quantity.Cumb. Phones 540 and 997.Home Pliones 79 and 247.(18-3t)For RentCottage "of four rooms on Winchester street. Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modem improvements.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 918 Main St.WANTED.Kitchen Range and Gas HeaterauMust be in good condition.Call undersigned at Windsor Hotel,phone, 127.MRS. RICHARD BUTLER.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Typewriter Wanted.Goodsecond-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tf)FOR RENT.Furnished rooms with all modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (15-4t)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk,( which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per -hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper,23cper pound.Light Copper, "21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7y2c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.1 Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.. Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. 1's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington,. Ky.PUBLIC SALEStock and Farm Implements!Having sold pny farm on the Bethlehem pike, I will offer at publicsale onSaturday, October 26, 1918,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following:All my thoroughbred stock;About 40 ewes and two bucks;100 head of hogs, "big and little;3 work mules;2 first-class mule colts; "H " ! ' '1 good work horse;All farming implements; plows, harrows, -roller's, bull rakes andeverything used on farm.TERMS ?25.00 and over, 6 months, negotiable note, bearing 6per cent, interest; all sums'under ? 2 5.00, cash.t. , . . MAHTIN DOYLE,Geo. D. Speakes, (Auctioneer. ' Paris, Ky.PUBLIC SALEOFCypress Street ResidenceWe will sell at; public sale on the premises, onFRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1918at two o'clock, p. m., the splendid home of Mrs. W. A. Wallen, on Cypressstreet Mrs. Wallen has moved awayfrom Paris, and has placed hersplendid home on Cypress Street in our hands for immediate sale. It contains seven rooms, halls, prpches, gas, electric lightsC bathrandiTspIendid cellar. Lot J50x250, more or les?.H This home is in one of the bestneighborhoods in Paris, practically newvid built for a home. Termsmade known onjlayof saW. r d ' v -Call-on' Harria"? Sneakee. who will' tv TlMnT f aimwinwrnithe property. , -lt .For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.Public SaleOPPure Registered DurocJersey Hogs andOther Stock.They will be sold at public auctionon my farm, located on the Clay andKiserton pike, one mile south ofEwalt's Cross Roads, onTuesday, Oct. 29, 1918,These animals have been describedin sale bills and descriptions of thestock will be furnished on day of sale.Will also donate one of any bestDuroc gilts to be sold for benefit of.Red Cross, "to help win the war."TERMS Four months time, with5 per cent, interest from sale date.A. P. ADAER,R. F. D. 6, Paris, Ky.fHome Phone (Shawhan, Ex.) 24.(octl8-22-25)Administratrix's SalePersonal Property.The undersigned administratrix ofW. B. Woodford, will, at his latehome place on the Paris & Winchester Turnpike, Bourbon County, Kentucky, about five miles from Paris, onTuesday, Oct. 22, 1918,beginning about 10 a. m., expose topublic sale, his personal property, including: 53 yearling cattle; ' "14 cows and calves106 ewes;8 sows and 60 shoats;8 old mules;1 two-year-old horse mule; - '1 yearling mare mule;1 3-year-old 'saddle mare;1 aged saddle mare;1 combination pnare;1 combination horse.Lot of farming implements, corncrusher, corn sheller, wheat fan,rollers, wagons, cultivator, hay tedder, gas engine, silo filler, corn cutter, mowers, corn planter, etc.Also crop on the farm hay, rye,straw, corn, etc. vAlso rock crusher, circular saw", etc.Also, carriage and harness, buggyand' harness, spring-wagon, cart, andlot of work gear.Also lot of articles to be found onan up-to-date farm.TERMS.The sale will be made upon creditof three months, purchaser to execute bond with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, bearinginterest from date of sale, or purchaser may pay cash.Burgoo, sandwiches, coffee, etc.,served.C. L. WOODFORD,Administratrix of the Estate of W. B.Woodford.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(15-3t)OF-' 'Viljlijfcs'ttirVi---"-, ,- - -. -, . M .v'"HfW-.V.&&iW-.?-ere. r1.r,rxfr TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1911., 'TBI IWTJllBW HWW. FAJtML it-ai -r. .-,. "frfrFORTY YEARS A DRUGGISTPERUNARead this from Mr. L. A. Richardsonof Marine, Illinois:"1 have been engaged In the retail img feulbm 3kere for the past forty yeara. During thistime I have seen many patent medicines oomeInto use. flourish for one or two years and thengradually disappear. There are verv few nfthese remedies that possess enough real merit to insure them longlife. Fenaa baa always feeea a good seller TritM na, -wltk a narkedlacreaae from yea to year. The change 4n the formula some vpatSicn ttT ThA n4H inn o V. nllt.J.1.. !. ..ii vi J!r t Bii&ui.ijr iiijLu.tive propertiitr" 'irj y wr ceunpiuon aaa ior coiaa, ifhas aaade ften hourly inutuiCBiiuwuiuiuuBCB uy aauiisu win sreaic p tie worst cold 1m twer tare 4ya' time. I take pleasure in urgine my brother AmtrifttaPen trxrn niliYiantoM ooto recommend it for these two ailments."SoM Everywhere Liquid or Tablet FormAsk Your Dealert5BBmtmltel1HstelBtllaam1aaIIt2XXIfIIVILETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSDuring a brief respite from officialduties Dr. A.. H. Keller, formerHealth Officer and Paris physician,now- stationed at the Emergency Hospital, at Nitro, West Virginia, writesTHE NEWS as follows:"Your highly appreciative messagecame to-day and was most heartilyenjoyed. It is certainly pleasing andgratifying to a man away from hometo hear from his friends, and this includes all such wherever they may be."Our work here is pleasantly laborious. Dr. E. J. Wells, from Cynthiana, and myself are (making all entrance examinations at the Emergency Hospital. The two of us are examining and -prescribing for morethan 400 men each day. The work isdecidedly different from that in civilpractice. Here we are examiningand prescribing for a man in twominutes-and-a-half. Our examinations (must necessarily be kaleidoscopic, changes to quick scenes andvariety. At that the work is pleasantthough continuous and exacting, nota minute lost. ,"The big sitting room and the linecommunicating thereto is filled withan eager, uncertain, motley and unending assortment of humnityAmericans, French, English, Italian,Mexican, Spanish, Portugese, Russian, Danes, Sweeds, Polaks, Greek,East India, Egyptian, Indian, Irish,Welsh, Chinece, Japs and many othertribes of the human family. Manyof thejtn are intelligent, comely, wellbehaved men. Some of them are probably leaders in the civic life of thevarious communities from whencethey came. Others are mediocre inmental development, and still othersare devoid of a semblance of such developpient, though they appear to besober, industrious, patriotic workers.And I believe they are all endowedwith such spirit as becomes a trueAmerican citizen. ,It doesn't followbecause they are foreigners they arebeyond the possibility of Americanization. Any such argument would befallacious, unkind and unreasonable."Very many of these people areloyal and most exactingly patrioticmen and women, whose hearts, souls,bodies "and brains are interested inthe work incident to the proper conduct of the war. One old man (I say Jold advisedly, as he is but sixty-two)told me, after his innoculation to-daythat he had given up the comforts ofhonie and friends to come here andtake an active part in the productionof enough powder to blow up theKaiser, his sons, von Hindenberg,Ludendorff, and the whole blamedbunch, and I have no reason to doubtthe veracity of his statement."My hours of work are from 8:00a. m. until 12:30 p. m., and from1:30 p. m. to 5:00 p. m. Was officerof the night for the Emergency Hospital Sunday night. Such an officer'sduty is to care for everything transpiring therein for that special night,receive and treat all patients, be theynsurgical,or otherwise though thereare, however, two of us. We are atany time libale to be called for similar work at the Base Hospital. Here'ther are perhaps five hundred or morebeds. All details incident to thebuilding, equipment and managementof this Hospital are second to nonein this country."This is one of the largest powdermaking plants in America, a city itself, complete in every detail, eachman and woman a laborer, and offuch there are probably 35,000; Therush and hurry along State street inChicago and Broadway, New York,are not more than comparable to conditions here. It doesn't matter whichway the compass may point it stillpoints to a rushing, eager, earnestbody of laborers whose only desireseems to be to, individually, though amicroscopic spot, yet collectively agreat working force, whose aim is toaccomplish a big task and they do so.' "More later on. Remember me toall the boys. With kindest regardsto THE NEWS force and staff, I am,"Yours Truly,"A. H. KELLER,"Emergency Hospital, Nitro, WestVirginia."a cinder-strewn drill field he wouldhave less love for the 'All-Highest'than he now has."But it's a great life and those whodrill regularly are transformed fromweak civilians into hardy, 'hard-boiled'soldiers and before long they hadjust as soon be attending a pictureshow as drilling. 0, yes, just assoon!"Two days' drill out of two months'service is a record, I think, and Ihold it. The rest of the time I haveeither been recovering: from the effects of the 'shots' or pounding atypewriter, the latter being my avocation at the present time.'How soon I will get to see the'big show' I don't know, but I hopethe time will not be long off. In myopinion if I don't get to go acrosswithin the next six months if I seeFrance I will have to pay my ownexpenses. I don't know of anythingthat brings greater joy to a soldierhere than to receive his overseas orders. "Life, it is said, is just one darnthing after another, "but army life isdifferent, so different it is the salnedarn thing day in and day out,which explains why I will have toclose. With best regards I am,"Respectfully,"WAYNE COTTINGHAM,"Finance Office, Q. M. Detach, CampTaylor, Ky."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and -Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. B. Dundon has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to friends in this city.Mrs. Elizabeth Connell has returned to Lexington after a visit toMiss Frances Campbell, in this city.Mrs. Hiram Redmon has returned to his home in Frankfort, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Moreland.Mrs. White Varden has returnedto her home on Vine street after avisit to Mrs. Rufus Lisle, in Winchester. Judge H. C. Smith and daughter,Mrs. Allie Dickson, of North Middle-town, are able to be out after a recentillness.Mr. George W. Stuart has returned from a visit to Mrs. Stuart, andMr. and Mrs. John M. Stuart, atHavre de Grade, Md.Mr. Anderson Cahal has returned from an extended stay at Martinsyille, Ind., where he has been for thebenefit of his health,Miss Delia Tinder has returnedto her home in North Middletown,from Lancaster, on account of theschools being closed during the prevalence of the influenza.Mrs. Elizabeth Anderson anddaughter, fc Miss Elizabeth Anderson,who have been guests of the former's(mother, Mrs. Anna Harper, have returned to their home in-Covington.Among the many visitors in Lexington, Friday, -vvere the followingfrom Paris: Mrs. Ollie Phillips, Mrs.M. E. McCurdy and Mrs. . J. W.Brown, who were guests of friendsfor the day. 'Miss Gladys Snapp, of Paris, hasgone to Lexington to reside. Mis'sSnapp has taken a position as stenographer in a large wholesle concern.She will resiHe with her sister-in-law,Mrs. Alfred Faulkner, at 180Woodlawn avenue.Mr. Ernest Hanley, of Beatty-ville, was brought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, suffering from pneumonia. He was firsttaken to the Clark County Hospitalin Winchester, but that institutionbeing full up, he was brought here.Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor werehost and hostesses several days thepast week at their home near Paristot he following house-party: Mr.and Mrs. W. W. Ferguson, T)f Minneapolis, Minn.; Mrs. Joseph Ecton, ofWinchester; Mr. Joseph Warren, ofLexington.-vMiss Sara Daniel has as guests atrher home near this city Mrs. JohnMcRoberts Mount and her little son,John McRoberts Mount, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga. Mrs. Mount was formerlyMiss Jennie Lynn, of Lancaster, andwas a student at the Bourbon Collegein this city several terms.(Other Personals on Page 5.)fc m iII "il5Wj8SPw3 T I ATwBf s3i . "SPIk in7A1i t; .i m m w v n m wm&siiKiToiletPreparationssupply the very help naturerequires. They rectify morbidskin conditions then from thesource of skin health, springsloveliness of natural beauty.Don't confuse Marinello Preparation, with ordinary cosmetics.They're different. They correct faultsand foster natural "Rose Real"Seauty. .,M. A. PAT0N "Phone 1010516 Main1tr5 W -V -1 ?m Sf K WWvKl'fe'Smg.fl 1IL uVw.llU A JWf JTN. i -ill XT M ' - "wuHLjg ' i -J jltIRTHMORrVMISTSSTOCK, CROP, ETC.J. C. Bryan & Son, of near Little)Rock, sold to Clarence L. Kerr, ofLexington, fifty-one head of pure bredBrekshire hogs which were shippedto Cuba. They also shipped sevenhead to Jenkins Bros., at Orleans,Ind.Mr. John Roseberry has leasedto Roscoe Carmichael the Hildrethfarm on the Cane Ridge pike, for $8per acre. Mr. Carmichael purchasedof Mr. Roseberry 109 head of extrabreeding ewes, at ?16 per head.Myers & Smith, of Paris, recentlypurchased of Geo. K. Redmon eightyhead of hogs, averaging 207 pounds,for which they paid ?17 per hundredpounds.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,purchased of J. W. Stephens, ofBourbon county, fourteen head of 1,-200-poundcattle, at ?12 per hundredpounds" REAL ESTATE SALES.The following letter was receiveda few days ago by Mrs. Swift Champfrom her nephew, Mr. Ira D. Thompson, of Paris, who is stationed at the-U. S. Navy Rifle Range, near Annapolis Naval Academy, Annapolis, Md.:"Dear Aunt Lula: I received yourletter a few days ago. and have nothad time to answer it until now. Thebox of candy was so interesting thatI just have to take tipie to write ,now..... Have been getting along fine,through the Spanish influenza so far,and I don't think I ivill get it. Wehad a large number of cases out hereand several deaths I heard theother day that there were severalthousand cases of ttie influenza atCamp Zachary Taylor, but don'tknow whether there is any truthabout it or not."I am improving in . my shootingevery day now, and have made botharmy and navy expert rifleman, andneither of them was so easy. I thinkthe army was the hardest of. the two.I made a score of 256 out of a possible 300. . . .Have- been going to jmachine gun school for two weeks, andafter I have finished the courseI willbe about a ninety or one hundredper cent, small arms instructor. Thiswork gets rather tiresome some times,but after all it is not so bad. .1 havebeen trying every way I could to geta chance to cross the big pond, but itseems that they don't know a goodman to face the -Germans when theysee him, so I am still here. Our commander told us last week that asi?!? From Pain-, Soreness,gUlllg tU OCC C11CH. Oil Mi- j.0wwwqualified men went across and he cando it if he only asks, because he isone of Col. Harlie's best officers, andthe Colonel is the only one that hasto say that we can go and we aregone I ani very glad indeed" toget the paper, and enjoy readingabout the slackers, the men in theservice, etc Well will write againsoon."Lovingly,"IRA."thtaatLr7Anever"Camp Taylor, Ky.,"October 16, 1918."Dear NEWS:"One, two, three, four, sometimes1 wish there were more." Thus rana popular song several years ago. Atnnmn Tnvinr tbp sons has been. revived, that is the 'one, two,'four Dart, but so far I hayeleard any of the fellows wishingthere was any more."Frcpn morning until night onecan hear the constant counting, intermingled at frequent intervals with-"catch that step,' or "you're in the'army now, you're not behind a plow.'X imagine if Von Hindenburg werean the American army and ,had' todrill all day long -in tlie hot sun overLIMIT RAISED ON W. S. STAMPPURCHASES.War Savings Stamps of the forthcoming series of 1919 to the limit of$1,000 may be purchased by personswha already hold that amount of thecurrent series of 1918, by an actwhich removes at once the limit of?100 onHhe amount of stamps soldto any person at one time, and provides that the limit of ?i,uuu iima-turity value) on that amount thatmay be held shall apply to only oneseries.The new act, which was approvedSeptember 24," 1918, also provides forthe raising of $4,000,000,000 insteadof $2,000,000,000 by War SavingsStamps.Tfe 1"H T5 'COHEN ASKS PRESIDENT TO HXPRICE OF 1919 WHEAT.Commissioner of Agriculture MattCohen wired President WoodrowWilson asking that the price of the1919 wheat crop be placed at $2.50a bushel. The National wneat urowers Asspciation of America is endeavoring to get President Wilson, to firthe price at $2.45 a bushel. Coniimissioner Cohen, working in conjunction with the National Wheat Growers' Association, and realizing the increased cost of labor, believes thatprice o $2.50 would be reasonable.A HERO EVERY DAY.It was the night of June 7r 1918.In the town of Bourescbes,VF.rance,taken that day from the Germans,dog-tired United States Marines under Captain Randolph T. Zane wereawaiting the counter-attack they feltsure must come. And they wereright. Preceded by a heavy machinegun fire, the Hun infantry advancedagainst the town. But Captain Zanewas ready for them. A human danamo of energy, of fearlessness andcoolness, he set a personal exampleof heroism for his men that inspiredthose tired marines to super-humanthings.. Germany wanted that town.Germany was willing her men diein droves if necessary thatBouresches be recaptured. Butagainst Germany was pitted CaptainRandolph T. Zane and his UnitedStates Marines. Line after lines ofthe advancing hordes went down, butthe rest ploughed forward, expectingevery moment that the Marines wouldweaken and retreat. Within 30 feetof the -town, The Hun morale" broke.The counter-attack was spent.Captain Zane had won his fight.More than that, he had won the Distinguished Service Cross, which wasawarded him for his gallantry.fe te feRHEUMATISM IS PAINONLY, RUB Yi AWAYStiffness Follows a Rubbing with"St. Jacobs' Liniment.Stop "dosing" rheumatism.It's pain only; not one case in fiftyrequires internal treatment. Rubsoothing, penetrating "St. JacobsLinijment" right on the "tender spot,"and by the time you say Jack Robinson out comes the rheumatic painand distress. "St. Jacobs' Liniment"conquers pain! It is a harmless rheumatism liniment which never disappoints and doesn't burn the skin. Ittakes pain, soreness and stiffnessfrom aching joints, muscles andbones; stops sciatica,lumbago, backache, neuralgia and reduces swelling.Limber up! Get a small trial bottle of old-time, honest "St. J aeonsLiniment" from any drug store, andin a moment you'll be free frompains, aches and stiffness. Don't suffer! Rub rheumatism away.(adv)fe. is -NEWSPAPERS ARE FEELING EFFECT OF WAR! .Mr. Fred M. Carroll, of Versailles,has purchased of Mr. Jos. Farris, former Jailer of Bourbon county, thefarm known as the Wilson farm, located just outside of Millersburg, andcontaining about 107 acres, forabout $25,000. The purchaser willget possession of the property inMarch of next year. Mr. Farris hasowned the farm about two years andis said to have made a nice profit onthe sale. v,Mrs. Katie Bryan has leased herfarm near Plum Lick, to Mr. J. D.Shrout, of Nicholas county, for aterm of years.Tsa Pa jsIndia, actually exports about 1,000,000" pounds of fish maws andsharks' fins, mainly to oriental countries, for food purposes.fe fe PaA new hoeing machine imitatesthe strokes of the human arm.The Autumn Welworths AreHere---and the Price isStill UnchangedHere's an announcement of which we are justly proudfor it evidences many things about which a real service -givingstore has a right to feel proud.First, it stresses the point that we will keep prices aslow as we can as long as we can.Second, it proves the benefit to the consumer of ourintimate co-operation with worthy manufacturers.Thirdly, it exemplifies a style service, which brings usthe new styles first, the same styles on the same day asthey first appear in the recognized , style centers of thecountry.These Welworths are still priced at$2.00. They now and for manymonths past have represented valuesthat would warranty a much higherprice. Before the end of the present year the price must inevitablybe increased to $2.50.WE ARE SOLE DISTRIBUTORS FOR THIS CITY OFTHE WELWORTH AND WIRTHMOR THE THRIFTBLOUSES OF AN ENTIRE NATION.wolf, wile e co:LEXINGTON, KY.wm0SPECIALS,FOR SATURDAYJersey Sweet Potatoes aper pound CIrish Potatoes oiper pound..., 2CCabbage oiper pound 2CYork Imperial Apples rper peck OuCCome to my store withthe cash and ycur marketbasket and reduce the highcost of living. See my lineof pure fruit preserves.MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court HouseThe war's effect upon newspaperswas told at a meeting of the InlandDaily Press Association, at Chicago.H. , N. Kellogg, chairman of thespecial Standing Committee of theassociation, asserted that labor conditions have forced the consolidationof 250, dailies in the United States,and the suspension of 850 paperssince the war began. Prediction was(made that the cost of paper wouldreach $80 a ton soon, an increase of$10 over the present price. Delegateswere present at the meeting fromMinnesota, Wisconsin, iiicmsau,vIowa", Indiana, Iillinois, Kentuckyand Missouri. 'VTHE BOURBON -NEWS andjSdlcmiTI nvnTi'rir Tisnore srp .TrWtavin?"ITT" . '.' rX , ,.." .J$iuu a ton ior paper i.o.o. umemnati. -Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect Against-,FireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability .'And OtherCasualtiesTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Sethe WonderfulGLEVELANDTRACTORiIf y oti are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what ttiis little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrate :it to You Any DayAGENTC. S. BALL GAlAflfo , CTp Fourth ami Pleasant St.riBHIBHMMBHIPMQMBPMSHHHHilMNhIIXIXIIIIIXIIXIIXIXIXIIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIiXX.r :JfiniwisTHE B0U1B0K msuttlfe XT,I TUBSDAY, bcTOBER 22, 11$"XJWJ J! ,i j s 'wSt Josephs Hospital, Lexington; forA.IVio fTionn ttoo ttMlninff '.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.Miss Bertha Napier has enrolledunder' Nurses' Reserve and enteredMaster's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTE. L. WILSON, ETC.,NOTICE OF SALE.ON PETITION.Under and by virtue of a judgpientand order of sale rendered at theJune term, 1918, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled casetherein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onMonday, Nov 4, 1918,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property: That certain house and lot ofground in Bourbon County, Ky.,on Stoner Creek, near Coul-thard's Mills and described as4 t fallows: Beginning at a pointin the center of Stoner Creek,1 i thence with the center thereof-T N 4 E 214.10 feet to 2, cornerto lot 2; thence N 58.36 W 200feet to 3 ; thence S 31-24 E 14.70feet to a stone; thence N 58 W38 feet to 5; thence N 53 W.33 poles to 6; thence S 36 W53 feet to 7, a stone to Bettie. f Reid's line; thence S 273 E289 feet to the beginning.Also a certain house and lotof land in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on Stoner Creek nearCoulthard's and Honey's Milland is bounded as follows: Beginning at 7, -a stone in BettieReid's line and corner to lot No.1; thence N 36 W 53 feet to6; thence S 53 E 33 feet to 5;thence S 57.36 E 38 feet; thenceN 36.24 W 147.70 feet; thenceV N 56.36 W 200 feet to the center of Stoner Creek; thence N42 E 65.50 feet to a point incenter of Mill Dam; thence N43 E 83 feet corner to cornerlot No. 3; thence N 77.01 W 450feet to a stake in Bettie Reid's, line and corner to lot No. 3;thence S 27 E 139 feet to thebeginning, and is the same property conveyed to Dorcas Florence by Bettie Hardin and J. W.Hardin by deed recorded in DeedBook 100, page 139, BourbonCounty, Ky.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bondswith good and approved surety, forequal parts of the purchase money-each, due six and twelve monthsfrom date of sale respectively, and"bearing interest at the rate of six percent, per a-nnupi from date of saleuntil paid, and having the force andeffect of judgments.Said sale is made for the purposeof a division among the parties ininterest.0. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(oct22-29)the three years' training.V 'i,t the Bed Gross Sewine Booms.Wednesday Woman's Bible Class,Christian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Missionary Society Presbyterian church.r Indicative of the seriousness ofthe Red Cross nurse enrollment problem is statement received at the Division Department of Publicity fromthe Red Cross News Bureau at Washington. The statement, made by Mrs. M.Barnett McComb, one of the first women sent to France by the AmericanRed Cross in the capacity of nurses'aid, says:"So urgent is the need for trainednurses in France that nurses' aids,just two weeks overseas, have beengiven the management of entirewards in French hospitals to releasePublic SaleStock, Crop andImplements.Having sold my place, the Hill TopStock Farm, on the Maysville pike, atMillersburg, I will sell at public auction on the premises, onFriday, Oct. 25, 1918,beginning at 10 o'clock, the followingstock, crop and farming implements:2 good mules;2 good draft mares;2 pnule colts;1 three-vear-old sorrel dri vine-mare ;1 aged driving mare, lady broke;2 good Jersey milk cows;40 sheep;10 1 -year-old steers;1 Poll Angus bull;8 brood sows;1 Poland China boar;46 shoats;1 new two-horse wagon, frame andbed;1 new mower;1 Randall harrow;1 feed sled;1 spring wagon;1 road wagon and harness;4 sets of work gear, practicallynew;2 iron kettles;2 grind stones;1 sausage mill;1 new scalding box, never used;1 new marker;1 cutting box;2 one-horse cultivators;1P0 dozen bundles sheaf oats;100 shocks corn in field;10 tons loose clover hay in barn;1 new fencing machine;1 cream separator, good as new;Lot of nice chickens;1 tarpaulin;2 incubators.Breaking and double shovel plows, fsnoveis, noes, diggers, drills, rakes.all kinds of farm tools, lot of chicken coops and pnany other articles toonumerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.J. A. FARRIS,Millersburg, Ky.(22-25oct)the ward nurses for work in thet operating roms. ."The need for Ajmericao. nurses,"she says, "especially in the operatingrnnms is desDerate. and those already1 in France are working far beyondtheir strength. While there is workthey will not stop."They cannot go on forever and itis obvious that unless nurses are supplied to taken their place and givethem a chance to get back theirstrength, they will go to pieces."If He Is Overseas.On account of the large and increasing number of inquiries concerning articles to be sent to our soldiersin foreign service, the American RedCross desires to inform the Americanpeople as follows:"Regulations established by theWar Department prohibit transportations of articles to me-n in foreignservice, unless such articles are absolutely necessary and the report forsuch articles has the approval of anofficer, whose rank is that of a Majorof higher."This order of the War Departmentwas found necessary for several reasons, among which may be (mentioned our limited shipping facilities,making it imparative to restrict cargoes to essentials, the number of nonessential articles which have beensent to our troops, and the fact thatArmy supplies together with RedCross supplies now in Europe aresufficient, with but very few exceptions, to care for the actual needs ofour men in foreign service."A special shipment of 500,000sweaters, together with other articlesis being shipped abroad, which, withthe supplies now in the Red Crosswarehouses in Europe will make itpossible for any soldier to obtain necessary articles from our foieign supplies, if his request has the approvalof the commanding officer."North Middletown Women BusyNorth Middletown women ftnade arecord in Red Cross activities lastweek when they completed and forwarded the following articles: 415masks; 500 compresses; 24 chemisesfor French women; 12 sheets; 12 pairpillow cases; 12 pair of trench slippers, and a big lot of bandages andsurgical dressings.They also sent to Camp Taylorsixty dressed chickens and sixtydozen fresh eggs and will send another lot this week. North Middletown has always been the banner precinct of Bourbon in nearly everything. IS T5l !3VISIT THE PENDLETON SHOP'On account of the rapidly increasing business we have secured thebuilding formerly occupied by the L.& N. R. R. Co., and are displayingstylish hats for fall and winter.THE PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) Lexington, Ky.a & mSTOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.i b toHURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid penalty, which will beattached to all unpaid Taxes onNovember 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,(td) City Collector.IFurs! -Furs!On Display, and Sale for a Few Days Only atMrs. C. W. Baird's Millinery Store503 Main Street, Paris, KentuckyYou are cordially invited to attend and inspect the grand display andsale of the mostFashionable Furs of the Season$8,000 worth of high grade seasonable furs, all in drummers' samplesom the MOTREAL FUR CO., must be sacrificed regardless of costor value, to avoid returning samples to headquarters. Ladies' Coats- Russian Mink, Marmott Coats, Ladies' and Misses' Fur Sets Scarfs orseparate Muffs of Hudson Seal, Fox, Marten, Mink, Wolf, Lynx KolinskyGreat variety of styles, shapes and colors. Without doubt me 'largestdisplay ever seen in Paris. Take advantage of this most timely opportunity and secure the highest grade furs at a saving of 50 per cent belowpresent market prices. Remember these are all drummers' samples noduplicates to be had of any closed out pieces.On Sale and Display for a Few Days Only,beginning Tuesday, Oct. 22nd.The sooner you come the larger the selection. Bear in mind the date andplace. Representatives of the MONTREAL FUR CO. will be pleased toy show you these samples whether you buy or not.AfewMen'S'SampleFurLined Coats- to be closed out at about onehalf of regular retail price. , - . ,GOV.. STANLEY .THE PEOPLE'SCHOICE.lDuring his twelve years in Congress, there was no greater championof the people's rights than GovernorA. O. Stanley. His voice was, alwayslifted in behalf of the weak and oppressed and the laboring man couldalways count on his active support.He saw that the steel trust was enriching itself at the cost of the consumer and filling its coffers withmoney which should have gone to itsworlqmen and he demanded an investigation of its studied methods of'robbing the public. He was appointed chairman of the committee of investigation, and as such, made aname and fame for himself that wasso extensive with the country. Hemight have made (millions - by neglecting his duty, but he wavered notand pressed the investigation to aconclusion that proved his chargesand placed the concern in its properlight before the country. For his efforts, in the matter alone he wonthe plaudits of the people of thewhole nation and honored the State.Admirably equipped by nature, education and training, with a completeknowledge of the process of legislation gained in six terms in the LowerHouse of Congress, Governor Stanleywill step into the Senate ready madefor immediate service in the greatcause now engrossing the country.On the other hand his opponent is atyro in legislation and like otherseven of much jmore ability wouldhave to go through a course ofsprouts, so to speak, before he couldattain even mediocre importance inthe that body. But why waste spaceon him? The doctor is as clever ashe knows how to be, but he will notgo to the Senate this year, nor another year. So it is useless to dis-cuss a contingency so remore. A votefor Stanley is a vote for ability andefficiency, therefore stamp under therooster.THE PENDLETON SHOP1 , ? 'New Georgette blouses, beaded andwool embroidery in latest modelsand colors.PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) Lexington, Ky.E3 Ea feREAL ESTATE DEALS.Apnong the deeds filed in the officeof the Fayette County Clerk Saturday was one from Sara Rucker Combsand C. R. Combs, of Paris, conveyingto B.. P. Eubanks and O. C. Hurst,northern ten feet of lot No. 11, inCrescent Hill, Lexington.- MMI1Q .TAX PAYERS, NOTICE.No matter if you only paypoll tax, you are required bylaw to repor to us. Time isgrowing short for reportingtaxes. Do so NOW and avoidpenalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.: JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(Advertisement)nExtracts From Gov. Stanley'sSpeeches.1On March 16, 1918, Governor Stanleymade a speech in Cincinnati, Ohio. TheCincinnati Enquirer, a Democratic newspaper, in its issue of March 17, 1918,, reports his speech as follows:, He also sailed into the Prohibitionists by declaring there is littleuse of our boys laying down theirlives for liberty in France "if a lotof fanatics and cranks" are allowedto deprive Americans of liberty athome. "These fanatics are worsetyrants than the Kaiser, and arebigger fools," was his parting shot.This was quoted in an editorial in theLexington Herald, also a Democratic, newspaper, in its issue of date March 19, 1918,and that paper made this comment:Would it not be better for theGovernor of Kentucky, in whom isinvested the supreme executivepower of the State, to exert himselfto provide a force to preserve peacein Kentucky, than to be "overthere" across the Ohio declaiming about "pellets of lead from flaming rifles" and denouncing Prohibitionists as "worse tyrants than theKaiser and bigger fools?"(oct22-3t)Do Your Christmas Shopping EarlyWe Sell Practical Gifts OnlyJt c BBBBBVrSuK BBBBB1S1A31 .aiBBBBe BBBBiLU Rflwji Wa I 1 VlRV wflCB BBBhTjtW wfmCmt H II 1 IhBhBT MB BBtfll BBBflnvi HsSuIi Rl U I jMbs KftaaBV aasj bbjpiB Rjflfxll ISl L (jBbT thb bbbTYou Can Buy Here For LessMoney Than ElsewhereTwJhat,steicpfe?lion1.sonie,of our patrons use when they come in here to buy, andwe re downright glad to hear them say its because this season of all seasons we want toplease the public m giving best possible prices-pn dependable merchandise.Men and Young Men's OvercoatsVnnTn116 mt t0,cme in and select that Overcoat, while our lines are complete.JZ. rffhl?E?r i WH JJ2 Tf' whlther ithea light-weight or a heavy ulster. TheyX?UJl0Sebeltedbacki.015thf ,new five-piece military back, and no matterwnat model you buy you are assured the styles are correct.And right here we may addJiiqu can get more tor yourmoney here than elsewhere!iis.oo to $50.00VR. P. WALSHtspBn7th and MainOne-Price Storek. .i" -?K f iWS.Paris, Ky.Vrv --'.Ii' ?vkhTif V?" !iyj&- t'&s'-TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, ,1918.-.,1Tire BOCRBON iws, pai rr . :rr-ijr.hi lPa?&SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.! '"aTSW -wia' &";AVMm m-vm--mmmnum-wtmmmmm-mmmamwmmmmwmm-mmtm-mHmmmm-mmmmmmnmm-- - m zz- MM -"1 v) - f ,I-.trFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are' due and payable at office- Call at once.7 PARIS WATER CO.v'IS St S&SttBE ENOUGH SORGHUM THATGOOD COUNTRY KIND.That good country sorghum $1.50alloru its tne reai ulmik'C. P. COOK & CO.per s(It)POTTER SHOE CO. HEBE TO-DAY.Mr E. L. Franken, prepresentingthe Potter Shoe Co., Cincinnati, ishere to-day (Tuesday) October 22, atHotel Windsor, with a full and complete line of new and authoritativefootwear in the prevailing fashionsfor this fall and winter. We wouldappreciate a most careful and critical inspection.Respectfully,' THE POTTER SHOE CO.. S IS ESQUESTIONNAIRES RELEASEDPOR AIL DETERRED CLASSESQuestionnaires for men of the thirty-sevento forty-six and eighteenvear age classes under the draft wereordered released by Provost MarshalGeneral Crowder, in all local boarddistricts where the classification ofother groups has been completed.This will affect more than half of allthe territory in the United States,progress having been more rapid thanas expected in classification work.Local boards sending out questionaires must release 10 per cent, aday. .ATTRACTIVE DEESSESThe Pendleton Shop has just received a shipment of attractive dresses in serges and satins. 135 E. MainStreet, Lexington, Ky. (15-3t)M Rb isCUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in .bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers jmay be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.is laiaLAST DAY POR PILING SUITS INCIRCUIT COURT.Friday, November 1, is the lastday on which suits may be filed inthe office of Circuit Clerk Webb foraction at the November term ofcourt. To-day (Tuesday) is the lastday in which suits may be filedwherein the litigants reside in someother State. There was a short termof the June Circuit Court, as thefanners were busy with their crops,and a large number of cases werecontinued to the November term byconsent of the attorneys.Comimfs amd Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.vThe many friends of Miss EdithWright will be pleased to learn thatshe is greatly improved from a recent severe attack of tonsilitis.Mr. and Mrs. Wolford Ewalt andlittle son, Wolford Ewalt, Jr., andMrs. Sam Ewalt, of Stoner avenue,are visiting Mr. and Mrs. RobertWolford, in Johnson City, Tenn.Mr. Louis Laylor returned Saturday from New York, accompanied byMrs. Taylor, who has been seriouslyill for some time. Mrs. Taylor stoodthe trip very well and was reportedyesterday as being somewhat improved. Mrs. W. O. Butler, of this county,mother of Private Grover Butler, whodied recently at Camp Meade, Md.,from influenza, is seriously ill at herhome on the Bethlehem pike, of thesame disease. Physicians hold littlehope for her recovery.Miss Christine Keller, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Keller, of Kiserton, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. MissKeller, who recently underwent anoperation at the institution, is improving. Dr. Marmaduke Brown, son ofDr? J. T. Brown, lately of Paris, hasvolunteered his services in fightingthe influenza at Sandersville, Vawhere it has assumed epidemic form.Dr. Brown has been taking a specialcourse in medicine and services at theUniversity of Virginia.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, of Paris,who is taking a course in mechanicaldrawing at the University of Kentucky, and has been staying with hergrandmother, Mrs. Sidney Clay,while attending her classes, has returned to Paris to remain during therecess on account of the influenza orders. (Other Personals on Page 3)WK IKSUCCESSFUL REOPENING OP REDCROSS TEA ROOM.After having been closed for several days, during which time necessary sanitary additions in the way ofmuch-needed equipment have beenmade, the Red Cross Tea Room reopened for the patronage of the public yesterday morning. The Roomswere well patronized, and on allsides was heard the expression,"Well, this is like coming back homeagain. The menu for to-day is asfollows:Old ham; potatoes O'Brien; escaloped tomatoes; hot rolls; pea salad;aspic salad; pie; tea; coffee; milk.PUBLIC ASKED TO USE STAMPSOP LARGE DENOMINATION.Postmaster J. Walter Payne is asking the public to co-operate with thePostoffice Department in the use ofpostage stamps of high denomination,which will be the means of effectinga large saving to the Government in.the cost of producing, transportingand cancelling them, and will benefitthe public in the minimized numberof stamps handled and - affixed toman "RncsinPRs concerns mailinglarge quantities of letters and parcels will derive especial benefit fromthe observance of this method.For letter which will require threecents postage, persons should, buy athree-cent, stamp, instead of threeone-cent stamps; a ten-cent stampinstead of two five-cent stamps orten one-cent stamps should be affixedto parcels requiring ten cents postage; and stamps of the higest denomination should be put on all mail.pa "pa SiCONNECTED UPVISIT THE PENDLETON SHOPThe Pendleton Shop, Lexington,Ky., are showing a complete line ofmaterials for tailored suits and topcoats.(15-3t)wsji tej pCHANGES IN, LOUISVILLE ANDNASHVILLE TIME TABLE.r;l MATRIMONIAL." vyDOYLE SMITH.Announcement has been: made ofthe engagement of Lieut. Martin A.Doyle, of Paris, and Miss Alvis Smith,or. .Pensacola, Fla. The wedding willtake place at Pensacola, on October30th.The prospective groom is a son ofthe late Mr. John T. Doyle, a brotherof Councilman George Doyle anda nephew of Mr. Martin Doyle andMiss Kate Doyle, all of Paris. He hasbeen in the U. S. Navy service forseveral years, having been stationedfor a long time on one of Uncle Sam'srevenue cutters and later on a warship doing patrol duty o nthe Atlantic coast. Some time ago- he wastransferred to Pensacola, Fla., on active duty with the Coast Guard. Hismany friends here send congratulations in advance.The Pensacola, Fla.. Daily News ofOct, 14, in announcing the approaching marriage of Lieut. Doyle and MissSmith, says: "The announcement isof much interest to their numerousfriends here and elsewhere, Pensacola having been the home ofthebride-to-be, where she grew up andblossomed into womanhood. She is adecendant of one of Pensacola's oldestand most aristocratic families, herrandfather being the late FrancescoMoreno. She is a girl of unusualbeauty and charming personality.Lieut. Doyle, who has been in chargeof the Coast Guard here for about ayear, is a graduate in mechanical en-ineering from the University ofKentucky and previous to enteringthe service was instructor in mechanical engineering in the University ofPennsylvania. He is well-known inall the principal cities on the Atlantic coasts, also having served in thecoast guard service at Alaskan andHawaiian ports."a Pa PaB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsfca Es TaTEACHERS NOT TO BE "DOCKED"POR LOSS OP TMIE.Under section 120 of the commonschool law teachers will receive theirsalaries for the time the schools areclosed on account of the Spanish influenza epidemic. This ruling wasmade by V.O. Gilbert, Superintendentof Public Instruction. For the lastweek Superintendent Gilbert hasbeen swamped with letters fromteachers inquiring as to whether ornot they would receive their salariesfor the time the schools are closed byorder of the State Board of Health.m mCUT PLOWERS. 'Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention "given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.GASHEATERSPREE OP CHARGE.Now is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.pa pa paENSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Ensnre your tobacco in thefatrn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.pa pa isSUNDAY JOYRIDERS COME INTOTHEIR OWN AGAIN.Becoming effective Sunday, morning, Oct. 20, the following changes inthe passenger schedule of the Louisville & Nashville, affecting trainspassing through Paris, were made:SOUTHBOUND No. 33 LeaveCincinati 8:30 a. m.; arrive Paris,11:02 a. m.No. 31 Leave Cincinnati 8:30 p.m.; arrive Paris, 11:02.NORTHBOUND No. 32. ArriveParis 6:40 p. jm.; leave 6:48 p. m.No. 34 Arive Paris 5:19 a. m.;leave 5:27 a. m.FOR LEXINGTON Leave Parisfor Lexington 11.08 a. m. (instead of10:25.)Leave Paris for Lexington 11:08 p.m. (instead of 10:25.)No. 16 Leave Lexington 5:50 p.m.; arrive Paris 6:41 p. m., andleave 6:50 p. m. for Maysville.No. 130 Leave Lexington 10:10p. m., arrive Paris 10:50 p. m.STATE HEALTH BOARD ORDERAPPLIES TO COUNTY, TOO.Notice to the Citizens of of BourbonCounty:The order of the State Boara orHealth of October 6, closing allchurches, theatres and other places ofpublic assembly, public funerals, etc.,throughout Kentucky, is absolutelymandatory until the influenza epidemic is over.To correct any misapprehensionthat may exist, attention is directedto the fact that all orders apply tothe country as well as to the towns.C. G. DAUGHERTY,C. B. SMITH,STLAS EVANS,County Health Officer,GEORGE BATTERTON,Ex-Officio Member.Bbourbon County Health Board, Oct.22, 1918.IS is paFound.On the Maysville pike, near theresidence of Mr. Jesse Turney, Sunday, a pair of gold-framed spectacles,in leather case. Owner can obtainthem by calling at THE NEWS office,proving property, and paying advertising charges.l I - - 'We Sell Dependable Merchandise LessThan Any Other Honse, But for Cash OnlySUITS AND COATSFOR WOMENf '-' i$25.00 to $125.00During the past week we have received new models in Women's Coats and Suits for Fall and Winter which reveal the verylatest style tendencies. They come in all of the season's mostcalled-for fabrics and colors and are truly extraordinary values atSimon's Prices.Beautiful Models inFALL MILLINERY$5.00 to $25.00Attractive Creations in Tailored and Trimmed Hats in a widey variety of modish shapes. Every model is distinctive and rarevalue at Simon's price.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.THE DAYLIGHT STOREm&THE PICTUREFROM HOME!Autos that had been kept in thegarages for several Sundays, underthe 'VnfinHnPiPcc; Sunday" order,ere out in force here Sunday, andthe chug-chug of the machines andlionk-honk of auto horns resoundedthrough the air as if nothing had really happened to disturb the old order of things.A heavy rain which fell Saturdayafternoon nnrJ n train Sunday morning, made the advent of the machineson the public streets and highwaysfar more toleable than on other Sundays and other days of the weekwhen the air was filled with dustclouds. Garage owners expressedtheir pleasure in having had severalSundays of rest, but were on the jobas usual, to measure out gasoline iorthe joyriders.It was stated that, should gasolinestocks become dangerously lowagain, the Fuel Administration willagain put the gasolineless Sundayban into effect. The gasolinelessSundays have had small effect uponthe gasoline sales at the Paris garages, though they all report a considerable decrease in their .Saturday na-wonaay ousiness as -.recun,ban. -rDon't Forget It!FOLLOW THE Flit!MM ----- -mm--m------m-------m m------m---------------m----------iEvery mother or father, or if none, nearest relative, isentitled to one of our largeRAND-McNALLYWAR MAPSINFLUENZA CASES MUST BE ANNOUNCED ON CARDS.Office Board Of Health.Paris, Ky., Oct. 18, 1918. .To the Physicians of Pans, Ky.:Recognizing the serious character-u -nTocspnf-. emdemic oi"Epizootic "whether cases are tealy ,Spanish mnuenza oi w"' ? ,;this board requests that an"influenza-.i'--a iio nWpn' on every house,JliaWM-i ?oT7TrtTTQ . -oc pViStwhere "isuorivjivuu TC irnfmand that a quarantine lasting F OUBDAYS after FEVER REACHESNORMAL, be maintained in allWELL DEFINED cases and thatmAoonrca rvF disinfection andhygiene as to masks, dishes, etc., berequested. . . T -You are requeseu w ?-j "" iVarden, Secretary of this Board, ofexisting cases at once and request ofhim placarding or obtain placardsfrom him. , ,All of the measures suggested as. nnMfo meetings, -public funerals,The biggest and most vitalissue in the morale of our armyis keeping the boys cheerful andcare-free.When their routine work isover, thoughts naturally turn tohome. And the nearest approach to home is the letterfrom home with the simple homepicturesmade by brother or sister, lather or mother.Keep Your Kodak BusyFor the Sake of theBoys "Over There."the""v ":.. F ' J,men.etc are still m lorce as uiouc-datory-byThe Kentucky State Boardof Health. .flTtTnT,mvC. (i..uAUunflu.iJif .J. If. WILLIAMS,,JO S.. VARDEN,- Secretary,(ABSOLUTELYFREE"T .- --(, . fBy simply giving us their address and calling for map.Others may secure this big War Map by giving us theiraddress, paying 10 cents and calling for map. WEWANT ONE IN EVERY HOME ! ,See Them in Our WindowDaugherty BrosKodaks and Supplies ..Films, Developed FreeFifth and Main -tgf ?. 8; JEitifct ' &ktiitiURmWtHHkMHUimULm--mTHEJ.THINTONCaMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"E1TMERPHONE" 36HKWSIXTH AND MAIN SSaI'.r..I.11'JlIJTL:rIllllm mII;--,-A .J--V. Tttaxsa.6iQCDK9!PffHfc:gjiir'-r -t .,Vs'" e t "-a-T TaH ikp"-73K&Wm&r e "jtoWytK5HfcTirt1 n V AJStt?WasiJ-aStomacB Distress Stops Instantly!I B.ure, guick, pleasant relief from IntKgestionJJaln,1. Gas, Acidity, Heartburn or Dyspepsia;A Aw'tfjl mtt4r Thp moment- vrm nf a.1 H&BLVtablet or two, all the indigestion, gases, pain, .acidity and stomach distress CTQ1e Ttiefofif1r f 6ijCosts littlestores. Buyup-sec-? Papete DiapepsinLATONIA IS TO OPEN THURSDAY,OCTOBER 24.wnAfter consultation with, thehealth authorities of Ohio and Kentucky, General Manager John Hachmeister, of the Lato-nia Jocky Club,has announced that the fall racepieeting of twenty-one days at theLatonia track will not open untilThursday, October 24. By that timeit is expected the influenza situation, which made it inadvisable toattempt to inaugurate the meeting onthe date originally scheduled, willhave so improved that it will befeasible to proceed with the meetingalong the lines originally laid down.Under the revised schedule, the meeting will come to a conclusion on Saturday, November 16. The originalprogramme, with its wealth of highclass stakes and other races, will berun off without change, except as tothe dates.It seejms certain that as a result ofthe postponement, the sport whichpatrons of racing at Latonia maylook forward wHl be even better thanif tfie pieeting had been openedon schedule time. The' added timewhich the horsemen have had inwhich to get ready for the openingof the meeting has offered them somuch more opportunity for gettingtheir horses ready for the racing thatit may be 'expected that the daily progropn from the very inception of themeeting will be much better filledthan ordinarily. After the unexpected interval between the meetings atLouisville and that about to open atJiauonia, me iiursemttti win ue eageito race their horses as frequently aspossible and the result should be agrade of sport the equal of which hasrarely been seen hereabouts.ine JPns y u8ui wui uefeatured by the running of the La-,lODiaAUiumu miuSuiai xxu,uun;4i,for which an especially fine field ispromised, including such stars of theracing firmament as Rancher, BribedVoter, Tuber, Vivia America, Beaverkill, Blackie Daw, Preecutter, FruitCake, Manager Waite and Faux-Col,to say nothing of several lesser lightsthat are in the list f probable starters. At this writing, the Inauguralholds out the prospects of being oneof the very best contests of the wholeKentucky season of 1918.fBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, Piesgrocery;FruitsFresh Vegetables 'MEATDEPARTMENTRoats. -Lamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.Good business practice demands the prompt paymentof bills. This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically- and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,- 3Ki trict ManagerB y71All 'druga box!WILL PUT YOUONaYOUR.I:ETTHIRTEEN MTLLTOft MEN NOW INBRAPT RANKS.Pinal returns from all States showthat 12,966,594 men registered formilitary service September 12. Thiswas 187,836 in excess of the estimateof 12,778,758 made by experts in theoffice of Provost Marshal GeneialCrowder, based on projection fromcensus figures.Texas was the last State to report.Its registration as announced byGeneral Crowder was 521,474,against the original estimate of 546,187. The total announced does .not include registrations received by mailby local boards after Sept. 12, norbelated enrollments by men who wereabsent from the country that day.Including such cases it is believed theactual figure will be approximately13,000,000. This will be still further increased by the registrations inAlaska, Porto Rico and Hawaii,which are to be held on later datesrecently fixed by the President.With the figures compiled the totalnumber of jmen who have been registered in the reservoir of the selectiveservice system since the United Statesentered the war, including those registered June 5, 1917, last June 5 andAugust 24 and September 12 is 23,456,021. )ES1 IS ?5CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,.and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byf ft b fc physiciaiis in this, for years Vis composed ofn nf tu Ucf tnnira Vnmrn Prrni-auuic ux. iuc utjv i""""j . .. , -w, .bined with some -of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)- m m mWRIGLEY GIVES TIN-JOIL , TOTHE GOVERNMENT.To help meet the needs of the Government, Wrigley's will discontinuethe use of tin-foil as a wrapping for"Juicy Fruit" chewing gum, in order to release this valuable materialto Uncle Sam. vHundreds of thousands of poundsper week of-tin-foil will thus be madeavailable to the Government, it issaid. "Juicy Fruit" will hereafterappear in the hermetically sealedpink wrapper same as "Spearmint.""Doublemint" will also be wrapped inwaxed pink paper, instead of green.BRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfleld,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlything that gives me relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)SWORD CUtS WEDDING CAKEA Cleveland, Ohio, bridegroom theother day had his own wedding cake,just as his bride had hers, and he cutit with the sword which his grandfather, William Neracher, carriedduring the three years of the CivilWar. The bridal procession andnuptial high mass at a Catholicchurch, and the wedding breakfastwith its twin wedding cake at theCountry Club, were recorded in motion pictures. Miss Josephine Burkewas the bride and Lieut. Allen William Fritzsche, the bridegroom.W. H. C!!JKN.loot! HaiactrVPRESS COMMENTS Olf THE PRKIDENT'S REPLY..DALLAS (TEX.) -NEWS. If, after the exchange of notes, therewas still left some doubts as to thedetermination of our President tomake a complete job of it, that doubtis dispelled by his last answer. Thatdocujment makes it clear beyond cavilthat we will have no dealings withthe Kaiser or his military party.SPOKANE (WASH.) SPOKESMAN-REVIEWThe President hasgiven a plain answer and a stronganswer. It is open as dayand is inexorable as fate.BALTIMORE AMERICAN. Ifthe Germans show the degree of sanity that their plight dictates, theywill comply with the President's demands. This is the question .uponwhich the answer will dependwhether or not Hohenzollerism shallbe at once brought to an end. Thereis here no room for quibbling. Thefight goes on unmitigated and thereis no cessation of conflict, and theAllies and America are in absoluteagreement.SIOUX CITY (IOWA) TRIBUNEThere is no peace. The Germanarmy is still unwhipped. The German people are still unrepentant.The German Government is still uniformed. The German military system and machine must be destroyed.These are fundamentals.HOUSTON (TEXAS) POST ThePresident's reply is a command of"forward" to the Allied nations andtheir suburb armies in the field, andit is a command to the American people to rally with renewed fervor tothe support of the war.SEATTLE POST - INTELLIGENCER As far as official Germany isconcerned the note is explicit andclear. It is unconditional surrender.It is up to unofficial Germany to accept, refuse or spar for time. In themeantime the war will go on.PORTLAND (ORE.) OREGONIANIt is plainly conveyed that thePresident regards Germany's acceptance of his terms as the unconditional surrender which alone can satisfy the American people and theirAllies; that those terms must be construed and applied as they are understood by the Allies, not by Germany. No such double dealing, suchtrifling with words, as was practicedat Brest-Litovsk and Bucharest willbe tolerated.TORONTO WORLD PresidentWilson's reply is of a character whichwill thoroughly satisfy every friendof humanity and democracy.-TORONTO MAIL AND EMPIREIt will not satisfy our people for theKaiser to abdicate and for Germanyto disgorge the plunder she has takenin this war, nor for a new form ofgovernment to be established in Germany. Our one and only object isto win the war in such a way that itwill be plain to the dullest Germanthat the Central Powers have beendefeated as decisively as ever anation was defeated.NEW HAVEN (CONN.) JOURNAL-COURIERThe promptnesswith which the President has 'repliedgives gratfying assurance to thecountry that he is in harmony withthe popular verdict.lSi TEs KsMOTHER! GIVE CHILD"SYRUP OF HGS" IFTONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little Liver andBowels.Children love this "fruit laxative,"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing to empty its bowels, and the result is, they become tightly cloggedwith waste, liver gets sluggish, stomach sour, then your little one becomescross, half-sick, feverish, don't eat,sleep or act naturally, breath is bad,system full of cold, has sore throat,stomach-ache or diarrhoea. Listen,mother! See if tongue is coated, thengive a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of FigSj" and in a few hoursall the constipated food passes out ofthe system, and you have a well,playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it,is perfectly harmless; children love it, andit never fails to act on the stomach,liver and. bowels.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Pigs;" whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Bewareof counterfeits sold here. Get the genuine, made by "California Pig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other withcontempt. (adv)"THE AMERICAN'S CREED"x "I believe in the United Statesof America as arGovernment ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederivecLIrom the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable;established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it 'is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect Its flagand to defend it agaixst allenemies."'m I mFifty orphans have' been "adoptedby the University of Wisconsin. ,andmore than $2,000 raised for theirsupport. . V -i "1 "PS Hi ;rPecan shells ihave been found tocontain enuogh protein and fat tomake them useful, when ground forstock feed. , -5 - ifTHE BLUE TRIANGLEON, BABEl'SJQWERLucia pulled her shawl fartheracross her face and shrank down onthe station platform bench as the solidblue figure suddenly bent down overher. Excitedly she shook her head inanswer to the question that she conoidnot understand. She searched throughher red plaid waist for the paper thatTony had folded into a little squareand given to her. " The writing on it,in the English that Tony knew and shedid not, told the house where she lived.Tony had explained it all to her thatmorning. He had told it to her againat the station. Y Then, waving his hatj&S had disappeared into the train witiithe rest of the men, and Lucia hadbeen left standing oueside the 'gate.There were crowds of women pushingall about her. They were weeping.So Lucia wept, too. ,Lucia had. been "betrothed to TonyIn the old country. Five years before,with a long -ticket -for New Yorkpinned Into his inside pocket) her loverhad left her. He wrote in every letter that he had made her a home Inthe new country. Her dowry moneyhad finally, provided her own transportation, and for two months Tony andshe had been married. Then he haddrawn a ticket with a number on it,and this morning he had gone off towar.To the policeman Lucia told all thesethings in rapid Italian. But the policeman only talked back to her asrapidly in a language that was notItalian. She followed him dumbly toheadquarters. An hour later a woman wearing American clothes gentlybegan talking to her in beautiful Italian. Italian Lucia was only one of thousands of foreign-born women, Syrians,Italians, Armenians, Russians, Lithuanians, Polish, who, when the draftcalled their men folk to the Americancolors, asked in helpless confusionwhat it was all about. When wouldtheir men be back? What did peoplemean when they told them they wouldreceive money through the mall?Where could they find work that theyknew how to do? Was there no onewho could explain it all to them Intheir own language? ,The Y. W. C. A. was ready (o offerassistance, but it would be of no valueto offer it in English. ConsequentlyIt had to supply a corps of women whocould talk to the foreign-born womanat her own door In the language thatshe was used to hearing in the homeland. To teach her English was asessential a factor In her Americanization as to find hera job. Thereforethe war council of the Y. WC. A. setout to find her English. .A year before the war began in Europe, the leaders of the Young Woman's Christian association foresaw justsuch a situation, and made ready tomeet it. They studied the needs ofthe Immigrant. t Tlfey trained skilledAmerican social workers to become familiar with the home habits and tosneak the language of the Lett and theHungarian and thGreek and the oih-.er foreign mothers who brought babies and bundles over from Ellis islandto Battery park.The organization Into which this experiment has developed was namedby the Y. W. C. A. national board, "TheInternational Institute for YoungWomen." In terms which these women can understand, it is teaching theforeign-born how to sew and cook andcare for the baby.To girls like Italian Lucia, who confusedly lingered on the station platforms when the draft trains pulled outj,the W. Y. C. A. Is giving direct assistance. Educated European women,appointed to the regular staff of workers at the camp Y. W. C. A. HostesiHouses are able to talk to the draftedmen in their own language, assist themIn writing letters home, and in airanging furloughs and little visits tothe camp.The Home Information Service forForeign Families of Enlisted Men" Isdoing practical relief work, for thewives and mothers. The purpose ofthe board is to help- the women folkleft behind to understand where theirboys are and how they are being treated; how they need home support andcheer, how to send them comforts, andto keep pace themselves by learningEnglish and other things, so that whenthe boys come home they will not findtheir women still very un-Americanand out of sympathy with them.Food conservation bulletins havebeen translated into 18 or 19 languages.At the factories and munition plantsinterpreters are available for the nonEnglish speaking women by whom thereal war industries of the country arebeing largely carried on. In 25 important cities International InstituteBureaus are training American andforeign women for full time socialservice work with foreigners. Twentyfourtrained women are employed onthe national and district field staff ofthe Y. W. C. A. On June 15 there Avere105 trained women working at AmerieanizatWh. When more than 75,000 Chicago menfilled out their blue cards for the" September 12 draft, Gang Luo Wong appeared at one precinct bringing withhim Mrs. Gang Wong and the threechildren. All five wished to register.The enrolling clerk explained, but theGang Lno Wongs make many brokenChinese remonstrances before, the master of the family was induced to signa card without his wife.y Mrs. -Wong'could not speak English. What wouldhis family do in a strange country ifGang Luo 'went to war? All over theUnited States Chinese andPoles andSerbs "were asking the same question.It is to just such needs that the WarCouncil of the Y. M. C. A. is orgaa-v 4- aJxedjo give assistance.Wash the Woolen SocksYou Knit with GrandmaGRANDMA'S PowderedYour Grocer Has It!iXXI:HiGEO. W. DAVISPUINERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Comer Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4kZ: ;"3i: hfr lt - " .i ZDJt- fyThe Bourbon Laundry'Paris,.HELP FILLTHE DEMANDBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand.and the supply is much less tnan thisdemand.We court a thorough investigation. Send for iree Bookfet. "The Fu-gazzl Way Leads to The Highest Positions."Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or call at school forfull information.Fugazzi School of, Business ;Efficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene FuzJuzfc PrJmcinal.Mrs. LY. V. Joaes, Asst. Principal.TRAINEDWIN118'K. Uimr St.. Seamd Flr.Lexington. r.S-U-D-S !MHUONSof 'em. Great,( glorious, bursting,bubbling suds surgingthrough the water driving dirt outof clothes. How fast they do workhere, there, everywhere, intocorners, through the fibre of thecloth, right down to the Km of thegarment And look at the dirt; itjuct rolls out, it can't hide anywherenot a speck left when GRANDMAis after it. GRANDMA just drivesdirt out and gobbles it up. Cleansanythmg.GRANDMA is zPowderedSoap. Noscutting or chipping anddo more 'wasting of bar soap now.L21111X9XiSXWmay both derive saiisfactiocby having their worn and soiled, garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, mconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you,I A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1692West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve'ments in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do -work infe-Ks nor to none, and solicityour patronage.KKentuckym :Margolen'sSANITAR IMeat MarketSpecials for Fridayand Saturday5, 10, 15 and 20-pound bucketspure hoim-rtndtrtdLARD27c per poundLEAN COUNTRYBACON35c per poundMftRGQLEN'.Sanitary Meat Market14?i-",,q - -TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1918'&-&JA''THSABpraB0ir EWS, PUIS, X TOTUGKT,AE SETS"QRIPPY" INFLUENZADOCTORS SAY:"TAKE IRON"For building "up weak, nervous, run-down people, doctors prescribeIt is the greatest blood purifier and strengthener known, and,iTn. in proper quantities, it builds up the body like nothing else can.-f- many of the iron preparations before the public contains too littleU many of them contain from 10 to 25 per cent, of alcohol, and alcd-jJoTcounteracts the efficiency of the iron.Acid Iron Mineralfree from the presence of alcohol. It is obtained from the only naturaliS dicinal iron mineral deposit of its kind known to the world; a pure,me j jron product, free from the drug of the chemist and the "dope" ofhe piH maker.In addition to three forms of natural iron Acid Iron Mineral contains' znesium, potassium, soaium ana caicium, meaicinai properties waicaTDSt doctor prescribes for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, and manyy?iLiit; arising from a disordered stomach. As a general tonic it comes1 -os,t to he ideal, making rich, pure blood, and toning up the systemdreak vital organs to normal. (A-I-M is splendid for nasal spray and&ge, prevents Influenza.) Don't dlay, call for it to-day.Besure you get Acid Iron Mineral; ask for it by name. Look for thetrade mark, it is your guarantee of a pure, concentrated, efficient,toiioinical iron product. At all reliable druggists or the Ferrodinerhsmical Corp., Roanoke, Va. For sale in Paris by Brooks & Snapp." (adv)HO MOKE WAR GODMOTHERS(New York Sun.)TCvit the epistolary godmother.The War Department, in forbidding jall officers and men to correspondwith strangers, nas Kicuea runuuuwjn the face, and pernaps wisely.la armies lacking the amusementsR-hicli are provided for American soldiers here and in France the godmother was probably a romfort. Thecoldier without relatives found respite from loneliness in a letter froma woman, even if he nevor knew her,aever would see her. But so manypains have been taken by various organizations to cheer the American soldier in his spare hours that godmothers the nonessentials of war. Thereis also a hidden danger for the WarDepartment fears that not all godmothers may be loyal.Efforts are constantly being madehv stransrers to find soldiers with.whom they may correspond, in mostcases innocently enough, but the opportunity which might be ottered toa wholesale propaganda by well-organizedgroups of enemy sympathizers is obvious.The soldier will not miss the godmother as much, as the godmotherwill miss the soldier. He has a largeand active war with which to occupyhis mind. The god-mother will missthe thrill of peering into the postoffice box to see whether there is aletter for her from Upton or France.Perhaps she is twenty years olderthan he; what of it? He will neverget out to Bickville, Mo., and he willremember her, through thepink notpaper, as a beauty of 19.Be Better LookingTakeOlive TabletsIf your skin is yellow complexion pallidtongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth alazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets.Dr.Edwards' Olive Tableb a substituteforcalomel were prepared by Dr.Edwardsafter 17 years of study with his patients.'Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purelyvegetable compound mixed with olive oiL'You will know them by their olive color.r TVi. i t t t !..xu u&ve a ciear, pin suuu, origat eyes,no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy likechildhood days you must get at the cause.Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets act on thelirer and bowels like calomel yet haveno dangerous after effects.They start the bile and overcome constipation. That's why millions of boxes areokl annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Take one or two nightly andote the pleasing results.BMGHTEfcEVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseGectrciyTor EigbtiitdIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Beating attd CookingIt's the only sensible plan. 'Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use ! BothElectricity tni Gas.'aris Gas & Electric Go.HCOLORCHEKSflKiGIVES CIGARETTES TO YANKS.(From the San Francisco Bulletin.)In addition to making a gift of 3million cigarettes to the Americansoldiers in France, Kan Chiu Nam, ofHongkong, cigarette king of China,ana nis son, Jan Sat mg, obtained apermit by telegraph from SecretaryDaniels to make another gift of 2million cigarettes to the boys of theAmerican -navy.In asking for the permit the twowealthy Chinese, who stopped in SanFrancisco on their way to New York,explained that they wished to makethe gift because they deeply appreciated the fact that the American soldiers and sailors were offering theirlives for the future peace of Chinaas well as for the safety of their owncountry and that of its Allies.Kan Chiu Nam's two factories,which are represented in the businessworld of the Orient by the NanyangBrothers Tobacco Company of Hongkong, make 15 million cigarettes aday.Kan Sat Hing had his bride withhim. She was the former Miss Himrof Shanghai, whose father, ChunBing Himr; is one of 'the leadingfinancial pnen of the Flowery Kingdom. His wedding present to thecouple was a bank book showing acredit of one-quarter million dollars.A string of rare pearl3 was the giftof the bridegroom to his bridge. He isto finish his education in an Ohiocollege, where he expects to remaintwo years in studying, among otherthings, political economy, science ofgovernment and sociological problems. For the purpose of Tiis business,Kan Chiu Nam ships through theport of San Francisco 6 million dollars' worth of Eastern leaf tobaccoannually.TBI 1H ?fcCAN NOWeat AndCOMFORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of Tiealth, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion: became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. "Sleeplessness wasadded to my misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, "invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort, i aprxo-aay euiuc-lywell" l , ,V&UV-UUt.Special Attentionis called to ourShoeDepartment7&&C:You will be pleased .withthemany different styles, etc., inblack, tan, mahogany and mousecolor.$3.00$4.50$5.00$6.00$6.50Twin Bros.Department StoreNMnaMTth;Paris, Ky.A WALLED CITY- -,'OF WOMENxA little sunny village has grown upinside a high wall in France within thelast year. Its square flat houses "standin straight even rows and along oneside of thp city wall is a long docml-Jtory for single women. There are manymore of them than of the families inthe drab little houses. The village Isfull" of women old, young, middleaged whose faces, hands and hairslowly are turning yellow from thepowder which-it is said will eventuallyaffect their lungs. But most of themare refugees and the fact that theyare giving up their good looks, theirhealth, and perhaps their lives in themunition factory, is of little moment tothem. They have come into the walledtown from ruined villages and devastated farms with their frightened littlechildren, their despairing old people,carrying all their earthly possessionsin tiny bundles. In their individuallives there is no future; in all theirworld "there is no interest but the conquest of the Hun.No one comes into this little warcommunity that centers around the bignew munitions plant but those whowork. Because of the danger and theblighting yellow powder, the work ishighly paid and all the workers arevolunteers.The women wear overalls or aprondresses, some of black sateen, somenondescript. The dull garb harmonizeswith the yellowing faces and despairing eyes. .Into this modern walled city of despair the Blue Triangle has flashed thefirst message of hope. The Y. W. C. A.foyer Is the only recreational centerwithin reach. The cars which findcafes at the end of the line a mileaway, stop running at seven o'clock tosave fuel. The city is three milesfrom the factory."My problem," writes the Y. W. C.A. secretary in charge, "is to keep thewomen occupied in the evenings, togive them good healthy amusement sothat they will forget their sorrows andgo to bed and sleep, physically tiredout from playing."She goes on to tell of some of thewomen and girls who come to thefoyer :"There is a pretty little round, rosycheeked girl here who is just beginningto show the effects of the powder. Theroots of her hair and her forehead area pale yellow. The palms of her handsare a deep burnt orange and her handsand arms a bright yellow."There is an ex-professional dancer,an interesting girl who enjoys thefoyer and helps entertain the othergirls. There is a professional pianistwho does her bit at the noon and evening hours. There is one rough-and-readygirl who speaks English, whosefather was an innkeeper in northernFrance. There is a pretty little girlwho is engaged to a French soldierwho still is rejoicing over the five minutes she had with him recently duringan air raid. His mother Is-the caretaker here and he is one of six sons inthe war. Two of them are Germanmilitary prisoners, two are civil prisoners in Germany and two are soldiersIn the trenches. Her home in thenorth of France was destroyed and shevescaped with a small bundle of .suchthings as she could carry in her hands.""There is a sweet-faced girl whowas a pacemaker in Valenciennes, whocame direct to us from the Germanridden section after a hard experiencein getting away."These are the women the Blue Triangle is helping to fprget perhapsonly for an hour at a time the horrors that have blackened their hearthstones and darkened the world."My foyer," the secretary writes,"consists of a hall and. two large roomswith cement floors. One lias a writingtable and paper, pens and ink, sewingmachines, a cupboard with teacups init, a large table with papers and magazines, easy chairs and my desk. Theother room has a piano, more tables,chairs, ironing boards and a Victrola.There are unframed French pictures,and American and French war postersaround the room. The walls are painted gray and white."Saturday evenings they sing anddance. "First they have a chorus,"writes the secretary, "such as Tie RevePasse' or the 'Hymne des Aviateurs' orsomething equally thrilling, and at thefinal notes' of triumph a voice at myears begs, Un polka, mees.' The polkafinished, there is a call for the HymneAmericain' and we sing the 'StarSpangled Banner,' (Le Drapeau Etoile)4n two languages."These foyers'have been establishedin several munition centers in France.Each one has a cafeteria, a recreationhall and rooms fitted up as restrooms, writing and sewing rooms. Atnight these rooms are filled withFrench girls learning English, bookkeeping or stenography, that they maywork in the offices of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces. In connectionwith each is' a large recreation field orpark. .At the request of the French ministry" of war the Young Women's Christian association has opened club, rooms'" or the sixteen thousand French'women employed in the offices of thewar department vSo successful has been the foyerwork in France that a call, hascomefrom England to the American X. W.C. A. to bring its Blue Triangle hutsfind foyers across the channel. TheEnglish Y. W. C. A. has establishedcenters for munitions workers on asmaller scale, Jaut after inspection of 1the American work in France the fourEnglish representatives to the Allies'! Women's congress in Paris in August,officially requested Ihat the AmericanY. W. C. A. undertake similar work nEngland. - ,' "'.' x.ITftkdShouldersAll BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in, all baking.troubles take auick'. leave. You go rightahead and mix up bak-. in'g materials, for biscuitscakes anyfting. without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it does givexnosc perject results, ic nas tne Diggest demand because it is the most dependable. The fact that it wthe big.gest seller proves that it is thebest.Atrial will convince you that there isnone ' 'just as good." Buy a can if youare not satisfied take it back andget your money back.Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvedofficially by the U. S. FoodAuthonties.Ton tare w&ea yoa buy it.Toa tare wkea job ui iLHIGHESTQtJALITYHIGHESTAWARDSGEBMAN PKOPOGANDA THATx TEACHERS WILL NOT GETSALARIES.Gerpnan propaganda is being scattered in the mountains among theschool teachers is the opinion of StateSuperintendent Gilbert. As a resultGilbert issued the following statement:"To the teachers of the publicschools of Kentucky:"From information coming to mydesk in the State Department of Education, there is going through theStated and especially in the easternend, a false rumor which sounds verymuch like German propaganda, thatthe teachers will not be paid theirsalaries for this year's work."This report is absolutely withoutfoundation. True, by reason of read-justnnent of the tax system of theState, the State is a little behind withthe teachers, but not more than usual, and we will soon be able to payteachers every penny due them."The last General Assembly passedan act to have the teachers paid thefirst of September in interest bearingwarrants if there was not sufficientmoney in the school revenues to paythem. The validity of this act hasbeen questioned and this is now before the Court of Appeals for its decision. Whatever may be the decision of the Court of Appeals will notaffect the fact that the teachers, bythe middle of December, will be paidby the State all the money due themfor services."I apn glad to be able to state thatafter this year the school financeswill be on such footing that neveragain, I nope, will there be a delayin the payment of teachers' salaries."V. 0. GILBERT,"State Superintendent."Mi 1 EnTO AILING WOMENALittle Sound-Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer in Paris.No women should consider herselfhealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons' that pass off in thesecretions when the kidneys are well,are 'retained in the body when' thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is often thecause of bearing-down pains, lapieness, backache, etc. Uric poisoning isalso frequent cause of headaches,dizzy spells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When sufferingso, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. " Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills, getting them from the Ardery Drug Co"., and from the benefit Ireceived, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenever myjkidneys have acted irregularly or myback nas been weak. and. lame, I haveused a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills. They have always relievedme of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Poster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. . (adv)-lz 1K& 1SINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind.-, writes: "I deem it myduty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I hada severeattack of diarrhoea, three years ago.lit was the only, medicine that reliev-rw i BEWhPSrSMjfte:Do You Think There isNo Competition?If anyone thinks there is no competition amongstthe big packers he ought to go through a day'swork with Swift & Company. 'Let him begin at the pens when the live stockcomes in; let him try to buy a nice bunch of fatsteers quietly and at his own price without somebody's bidding against him.Let him realise the scrupulous care taken at theplant that not one thing is lost or wasted in orderthat costs may be held to a minimum.Let him go up into the office where marketreports are coming in, and reports of what otherconcerns are doing.Let him watch the director of the Swift Refrigerator fleet, maneuvering it over the face of thecountry like a fleet of battleships at sea.Let him take a trip with a Swift & Companysalesman and try to sell a few orders of meat.Let him stay at a branch hooae for an booror two and see the retail meat dealers drive theirbargains to the last penny as they shop aroundamong the packers', branch houses, the wholesaledealers, and the local packing plants.And then, when the day is over, let him havehalf an hour in the accounting department, wherehe can see for himself on What small profits thebusiness is done. (Less than 4 cents on each dollarof sales.)If he still trunks there is no competition in themeat business it will be because he want tn Amir fSwift & Company, U. & A.4Gsb5oIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYWire From Ounce of Platinum.Platinum is so ductile that a wire1,800 miles long could be drawn froma single Troy ounce of the metal. vDaily Thought.They never fail who die in a greatcause. Byron.CAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons? -, Ji-JProfessional Cards.. WM, GRANNAN?Attorney-at-LawBOOMS 401-402 :HBST NATL BANK BUHDOKtDR.WM.KENNEYEye; Ear, Note and ThroatSSS5 -::BOOXS 403-404 'ITJtST XAFLBAIT BUrXDOW .,;' "TOfc!SttX-r(lWricmii.i. XKQX&1UN.p-$ f''ih'-f ?tr m.AJSkx -ssrI1X.VHOT AND GOLD BATHSA V.Kf-V' -'-MftX IE6HTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY. 'CUESDAY OOTOfc 1$; If if; 1V , ,wir-vtfI151DEATHS.MEE.The funeral of Mr. WilliamMee, aged fortyvnine, who died at3iis home near Bunker Hill, -near theMontgomery county line last "week,tof-Spanish influenza, was held atiiooniJPriday, with -services' conducted t the grave in the North Middletown Cemetery by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the t North Middletown.Christian church.Mr. Mee had been ill "about tendays. .Seyeral other members of thefamily were ill with the inuuenza but.nave recovered..i ".:.. "VRICE.I-' The body of young Robert Rice,r of North. Middletown, another Bour? jbon boy whose life was sunffed.'out hy the influenza at Camp Meade,Md., arrived in North Middletown,Saturday. The remains were taken tothe North Middletown Cemetery,-here an impressive service was held.at the grave, under the auspices ofth.e Masonic lodge, of which he wasnember, Saturday afternoon, atthree o'clock. The pall-bearers were:-John W. Jones, Ben F. Buckner, J. C.Bryan, Thos, Jones, Graham Young.'and Emil Raines.r tGILKEY.- The funeral of Mr. Charles W.Gilkey, aged seventy-eight, who diedIstliis.liome in North Middletown,Friday night, after a. long illness,was held Sunday jmorning, at 10:30.o'clock, with services conducted atthe -grave in the North" MiddletownCemetery, by Rev. F. M. Tinder, pastor :of the North Middletown ChrisHan church.Mr. Gilkey had been a- resident ofNorth Middletown for nearly a lifetime, during which .he enjoyed theesteem and highest respect of all inthe community. He had a high senseof. honor and duty, and his1 life waslived along strict lines of integrityand probity. He was -a man of manyfriendships, one whose character attracted and held friendships easily.He was married fifty-two yearsago to Miss Mary Arnold, who surTives, with three sons, Dr. A. J. Gilkey, of Paris, Sheriff Robt. M. Gilkey,of i. near Paris, and Mr. Ashton Gilkey,. of North Middletown. One sisters, Mrs. Wm. Rash, of Winchester,also survives him. iDELICACIES FOB SICK SOLDIERS. AT VKMB TAYLOR..Chickens, eggs and other delicaciesfor the sick soldiers at Camp Zachary Taylor continue to go forwardfrom this city and county to theCamp. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Culbertson, to whom the contributionshave been going in Louisville, havegone to Jacksonville, Fla., and in thefuture the contributions from thiscounty will he sent direct to the RedCross Diet "Rooms at Camp Taylor,The following is a partial list ofcontributions, which will be sent toLouisville this morning by Mrs. Nellie Highland, who has the work" incharge:Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder, fourdozen eggs; Mrs. Dudley Rose, three.dozen eggs; W. R. Tuttle, four dozeneggs; Mr. Ingels, two dozen eggs;Mrs. John Woodford, two dozen eggs;Mrs. John Kiser, two dozen eggs;Mrs. George Current, two dozen eggs;Mrs. Lula Hukill, one dozen eggs;Miss Frances Butler, three dozeneggs; Mrs. Houston Rion, two dozeneggs; Andrew Skilljman, Sr., one dozen eggs; Thos. Kelley, one dozeneggs; Mrs. Jos. James, two dozeneggs; Mrs. Ely, two dozen eggs; Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft, 1 dozen eggs;Mrs. Lizzie Walker, one dozen eggs;Mrs. Richard Jones, three dozeneggs; Miss Kate Alexander, $2.00;Mrs. Robert J. Neely, $2.00; Mrs.Jesse Turney, $10.00 and severalhens; Robt. Shropshire, two dozeneggs; M. J. Murphy, two dozen eggs;Mrs. M. J. Murphy, two dozen eggs;Will Grannan, two dozen eggs; Nathan Bayless, .Sr., one dozen eggs; Mrs.John Sauer, three hens; Mrs. DanIsgrigg, two hens.let ftsNO INFLUENZA AT MARGARETI COLLEGE.Rev. George H. Harris, formerlyrector of St. Peter's Episcopal church,in this city, -now President of Margaret College, in( Versailles, asks thepress to notify patrons and friendsthat there has not been a case of influenza at the insitution, and that thethe boarding department is contiuingin sessionRev. Harris announces that an order of the Board of Health positivelyforbids visiting in the school, andhe therefore asks that relatives andfriends of pupils will please observethis order and postpone their visituntil all clanger of influenza is over.GILLISPIE.-The'BOOTLEGGER" TAKEN INWitTi a tnfol nf f Turontv-nno Tiolffuneral of Mrs. Aiiiia';fe ,i,jbw -hie ,,Rhodes Gillispie who died at her wWch he couId not prove was for hishome near Little Rock, Thursday "personal use" Charlie Brock , colormght after an illness of one week, ed was arrested yesterday by Patrolvu held at Jthree o'clock Saturday maa George w. Judy.afternxn with services conducted at : Tne officer took his prisoner andthe grave in. the North Middletown the "evidence" before County JudgeCemetery by Rev. J D. Bedd The George Batterton. Brock was givenpallbearers were, Thos. Sledd Ray a jail sentence of thirty days at hardBums Finley Burns, Chaa. High- labor and a flne of $3O0 and wasland, Russell Haughey Jos Hopkins, sent to -ail to b in his termOlaai Boardman and Dr. P. L. Mc-Clure. iMrs. Gillispie was the widow ofMr. F. Marion Gillispie, who died in IApril, tl916, and to whom she had jbeen married fifteen years. She wasa daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.Rhodes, of Washington, Mason, county, and is survived by two sisters,Mrs. WL F. Talbott. of Cincinnati.i p5 f5J fS " -FOR THE BOYS AT HOME.Games, such as chess, checkers,dominoes; game boards, such as carroms, crockinole, and archarena.Search that old attic, storeroom andstariway closet, and donate thesegames to the Bourbon Countyand Mrs. Mary Buckner, of Sardis, ! Y. M. C. A. and help them keep boysoris "brother, Mr. Charles Rhodes, 'of from loafing on the streets and form-Helena, and. one stepson, Mr. Clifton j ing the wrong habits. If you haveGillispie, with, who she resided. j any of the above mentioned games orany onther suitable for ,boys sendHOUSTON. them to Y. M. C. A. on Main street, orMr. Jasper Houston, aged forty, I if you can't send them call us, Cum-a former resident of Bourbon county, berland Phone 1051, Home Phonedied in Toledo, Ohio, Friday morn-1 18. and we will be glad to send foriag at eleven o'clock, after a brief j them.illness. During his residence in this j te -county he was engaged in farming EXAMINATIONS OF DRAFTEES!near Centerville. He was a son ofMrs. B. Ji Houston, of near Paris.Besides his mother, Mrs. E. J.Houston, he is survived by the following brothers and sisters: Alonzo M.Houston, of Paris, and J. KenneyHouston, of near Jacksonville; Mrs.John Leach, of Jacksonville, and Mrs.Harry Smith, of Georgetown.Tfce- funeral was held yesterday of-ternoon ar three o'clock, with serBEGUN BY LOCAL BOARD.These are busy days for the Bourbon County Draft Board, composed ofChairman C. A. McMillan, Dr. SilasEvans and Clerk Pearce Paton. Thephysical examinations of the menfrom eighteen to forty-five, whosenumbers were recently drawn inWashington, was begun Saturday inthe office of the Board in the courtvices conducted at the grave in the . house. During the day fifty menParis Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis, 1 were examined, four of the numberTHStoirof the Paris Christian church, 'being marked up as "physically disThe pall-bearers were: Eli Current, ! qualified." The examinations wereSajffL Houston, John Maher, M. F. j resumed yesterday, and will continueXeozLey, -Marion Ryles, Allison Bar-iiwr.daily until about 310 registrants, thequota assigned this county, havebeen passed upon.Yesterday fifty-one men underwentexamination before the Board, allThree deposits of nickel have beendiscoT-ered 4n Alaska, and work is under way to ascertain the extent of j passing except five, who did not meettwo.oi; tnem. j the physical requirements.,h i -t "j NURSES BEHKRX JORIrDtfAT' ,AEMY CAMPS.-At Camp Buell, Mrs. Carrie F.Stone, ot Paris, is Day Head JNTurse inthe Armory Hospital, with forty-sixcases of influenza undgr .her charge.Miss Clennie Lusby and Mrs. N. A.!Moore, both of Paris, are assisting onthe Second Floor of the Hospital Section. Call, after call is still being,made for not only nurses, but also forthose who are willing jto assist in thekitchen proper or in tble diet kitchen.Mrs. Moore and Miss Lusby are doing voluntary work at Camp Bueil asnurses, with no salary attached. Thetrained nurses at the institution arebeing paid at the rate of ' $35 permonth. They are comfortably housedin Patterson Hall, at the Universityof Kentucky, and are doing their bit,each and every one, unselfishly, forthe alleviation of suffering and distress among the boys in the hospital.Mrs. Moore and Miss Lusby are onnight duty. Reports from CampBuell yesterday stated that there areabout three hundred cases at present, with the situation well undercontrol.Upon her arrival in Paris last September from Graham Springs, whereshe had spent the summer in chargeof the cullinary department and dining rooms of the Graham Springs Hotel, Mrs. Carl Crawford registered onSeptepnber 25, for war work activity.Her jiame was first sent to. the NewYork headquarters, then to Washington. Last week she received noticethat she had been accepted. Mrs.Crawford will leave Paris on nextSaturday for Louisville, .where shehas been assigned to take charge ofthe Y. W. C. A. Cafeteria. as HouseDirector.f:--lfflii lifli SB ilBlHiiiftlllllillmNERVY THIEF PILFERS PARISWOMAN'S TRUNKS.Lexington has some nervy thieveswho are no respecters of individuals.A few days ago Mrs. N.- A. Mooreand Miss Clennie Lusby, - both ofParis, who were en route to Lexington as volunteer nurses at CampBuell, sent their trunks ahead. Whilethe trunks were in the interurbanstation in Lexington some nervythief or thieves broke open Mrs.Moore's trunk and made away withher clothing, unifonms, kimpnas andother valuable articles of apparel shehad packed for use at the .Hospital.Upon calling for her trunk the theftwas discovered. The Lexington policewere notified and after a long searbharrested two negro women who wereparading the street attired in Mrs.Moore's clothing.Before the clothing had been recovered and returned to Mrs.Moore",she was compelled to return to Parisand procure another outfit, not deeming it advisable to use the clothingthe women had stolen.CUT -FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers 'may be used. Prompt' atten:tion given all orders whether largeor small. ' ' ' ,JO. VARDEN",.(22-tf) Florist 'Agent.'Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.X-', "Vim-l'imi-LZmSleesggsggg5i?gfa5a3'ISgiSAttention, Farmers !Beginning Monday, Oct. 21We Began BuyingCREAMFOR THE C. W. JEAN COMPANYWORTHINGTON, IND.Tho Largest Creamery In the U. S. A., and will Pay theHighest Market Price at All Times. Give U aTrial. Bring in a Can and Let Us Test" It For Yeu.STONE &Corner Main and Eighth(oot22-tf-T)TARRPark, KentuckyHREBTIGS HAVE A GRUDGEAGAINST LEBUS?For the third time this monthfierbugs seemingly with a grudge-against Clarence LeBus, have ap-.plied the torch, figuratively speaking,to his property in Cynthiana. .On October 1 a large warehouse and partof another, was destroyed, by fire ofevident incendiary origin, entailing-'aloss of about ? 3 4,0 00, Tvith about$10,000 insurance. The first of theweek a large dwelling on his Edgewater farm burned the property lossamounting to several thousand dollars, partly insured. Friday afternoon the sale and feed stable of Smith& Turney, on Pike street, and thethree-story ironclad LeBus warehousein the rear of the stable were destroyed by fire. .The buildings werein the heart of ithe city, and in aclosely-built district, which wasthreatened with destruction.The property loss in Friday's firewas estimated by Mr. Lebus as being close to $13,000, with no insurance. .Representatives from tne StateFire Marshal's office and detectivesare investigating the fires, the orginof -which are still shrouded in mystery.Thinking the big fire would get beyond the control of the local firementhe Cynthiana authorities, appealedto Mayor E. B. January, of Paris, for"help. The auto fire truck with a bigsupply of hose, was sent instantly toCynthiana, in charge of Fire ChiefLancaster and a detail of firemen.They made the trip in thirty-sevenminutes. Upon arriving at the scenethey found the Cynthiana fire department had the fire under control, andreturned to Paris. During their shortstay in Cynthiana the firemen weretaken in charge by business men andladies and shown greatly-appreciatedcourtesies.Tsi m mCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS.NOW'S THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. WeJiave a limited Supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Home, an easy chair,and the Victrola! ,.iWhat a combination for comfort and enjoyment a"terthe clay's work's done!You can sit enraptured with the singing of the noblestmasLerpicces played by the world's greatest artists; you canfeel the thrill of coui-stirring music by the finest bands andorchestras; or ycu can forget your worries in side-splittingu,i.wi ut ujv iuwiiiii. ii ji icauuiK C1J.LCX (.aLLUGia an jluyour own home on theVictrolaJMtfMterznaof llr-l-lr-ll' Brrr-:-"-!!iJllllllMVictors and Victrolas $10 to $400.Come in and let us demonstrate the Victrola, and arrange easypayment, if you decirc.DAUGHERTY BROSFIFTH AND MAIN STREETSLet The Bourbon News Have Your Next Printing Orderi . j: uBIRTHS. ,;To the wife of Mr. Wm. Iiemster, residing on High street, in thiscity, a son, weight nine poundsfirst born. v - i - ?Ice is said to JiaYebn' flrat -cutand harvested for storage iw pISOS,from a small lake .near , Cmbridg J.nQuick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.Greatest and Most Complete Selection of New,Stylish Men's, Women'sand Children's Footwear at Prices we willbe Unable to Duplicate.Cll-ku .JiVafitW effer the most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atSPECIALBARGAINPRICES-)!&x riilaf-Don't Put it Off ; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, 0C QCcustom made, at tpv-SOLadies' Mahogany Tan English q rcBoots, calf tops, at sO.UULadies' Mahogany Tan English qo qjBoots, cloth tops to match, at VOJDLadies' Gun Metal English Boots o inwing tip, low Iheel, at pO't,5lLadies' Gun Metal, button, A(low heel, at yVMen's Dark Tan English bench C CAma.de, at .' $O.DUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, a eMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a aaing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $fkUUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes o aqDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENi VWhere BMHty aid Economy ReijnMaMWiCnuaeiis r -wmmunHVvrir'.wmmmmmmmmmsmmwwmmmmmm