,, -'yf"Ty"iirNEWS-4PUBLISHED EVERY TETESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1918THEBOURBONfv7kIN THE SERVICE OF THEIECOUNTRY.4Sergt. P. S. Renshaw has returnedto Camp Shelby, at Hattiesburgr.Miss., after a visit to friends inParis.Mrs. Boone Chanslor, of near Little Bock, has volunteered her services to the U. S. government as aRed Cross nurse, and expects to becalled into training very soon.Mr. Rodney Pringle, of Chicago,only brother of Mrs. Harriet Minaker,Visiting Nurse of Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, enlisted in the army service in Chicago lastweek as a volunteer. Mr. Pringlewas sent to Ft. Crook, near Omaha,Neb., where he was placed in theartillery branch of the service.Mr. Percy Reid, of Richmond, formerly of Paris, will leave to-day forCharleston, S. C, where he will takea position with the Mason & HangerConstruction Co. This company is-engaged in constructing immensedry docks at Charleston for the government. Mr.' Reid married MissEffie Paton, of Paris. Mrs. Reid willremain in Richmond for a while.Judge Harmon Stitt left yesterdayfor a visit to his son, Mr. NorwoodStitt, at Camp Cody, near Deming,New Mexico. He will return aboutJuly 1. Young Stitt, who is a graduate of the Millersburg Military Institute, enlisted in the service over ayear ago at San Francisco, Cali. Heis in the observation Balloon Corpsof the army aviation service at CampCody.The Flemingsburg Times-Democratsays: "Confederate veteran James A.McDonald, now 80 years of age,came in from Paris, Monday forenoon. He has two grandsons now inFrance, and says his regret is that hecan't call back 30 or 40 years and gothere himself. He will spend a fewdays here and go to Kansas City tobe with his daughter, whose sons arein France."Relatives here have received information to the effect that PrivateRobert Stoner, of Mt. Sterling, sonof Mr. Warren Stoner, formerly ofParis, who recently entered the officers' Training School at Camp Zachary Taylor, has been appointed Second Lieutenant, and had been transferred to Camp Gordon, near Atlanta,Georgia.Dr. J. S. Dailey, of Jackson, Ky.twas a guest several days this week ofhis uncle, Dr. M. H. Dailey, in thiscitv. Dr. Dailey, who has been acting instructor in the Louisville Dental College, has received a commission as First Lieutenant in thearmy service. He is as yet unattached, being here on waiting orders, butvail probably be assigned to CampZaehary Taylor.The many friends of Mr. H. EarlDickerson, formerly of Paris, will beglad to learn that he has again beenpromoted. He was former assistantsecretary to Capt. A. F. Hubbard, ofthe small arms section, and has nowbeen made secretary to Major-GeneralShepherd, who has charge of thewhole small arms section. Mr. Dickerson was formerly connected withthe Zu L. Faulconer Co., m Lexington, and was ordered to report to theWar Department at Washington, D.C.,. about two months ago.m mOne of the members of the Bourbon county contingent at Camp Zachary Taylor sends THE NEWS the following original "pome," a parody onJudge James Mulligan's famous poemon Kentucky. THE NEWS reproduces it, hoping it may not cause ablush to come to the cheek of anywho read it:BITTER WITH THE SWEETThe beer glasses are the longestAnd the whisky the strongest,But the prices the dog-gondestAt Camp Taylor.The blue grass is the greenestAnd the females are the keenestAnd the cards turn out the meanestAt Camp Taylor.A straight beats three acesAnd you can't read the faces,So you play the safestAt Camp Taylor.The men are the quickestAnd the crowds are the thickestBut the dealers are thd slickestAt Camp Taylor.A flush beats three kingsAnd a full beats other thingsSo one flings the deck awayAt Camp Taylor.High Private Jack Turney sendscheery news Jrom Camp Zaqhary'Taylor, regarding camp life. Jack' is rapidly becoming a favorite in -thecamp from his genial good naturend cheery disposition. He says the' Bourbon county boys are still inquarantine, but happy and contenteddespite that. "Talking in theirsleep," -writes Andrew Jackson,"seems to be one. of the principalamusements of the soldier boys inthis camp. They tell all kinds ofthings in their sleep, but so far Ihaven't said anything that has gotten out. Haven't seen anybodyfrom Paris lately. If they have beenhurt t AiA-n't s?et to see them. Nevera face that looks like home. Prettytough at that . Dick English 3ust- came in with the report that he hada couple of fillies in training, soj guess I'llgo out and look-them overr'That's duty first you -know. HopeFORTY-FOUR DRAFTEES FORCAMP TAYLOR, JUNE 22.On Saturday, June 22, forty-sevencolored men, selected in order underthe provisions of the selective draftact, will leave Paris for Camp Zachary Taylor, where they will be inducted into the service of the UnitedStates in the army. The men willreport at the court house to the Boardof Exemption, and will receive instructions. The usual procedure willbe followed. Those who will ge toCamp Taylor in this call are as follows: Arthur Adair.Ollie Simpson Lewis.Arthur Chenault.Frank Clay Redmon.Elder G. Wheeler.James VanMeter.William Clay.Israel Evans.Frank Dukes.Charles Harrison Hughes.Thomas Liter.Garrett Jackson.Arthur Fisher.Jess Guess.Hathoway French.Frank Scott.Stone Parker.Noah Porter.French Clay.Sam Smith.Edward Williams Baker.Matthew Allen Henry. 'James Hall Williams.Harry Thomas.George Henry Thomas.John Scott.Clarence Kellis.Robert Reynolds.Henry Dodge, Jr.Ben Franklin Parker.Henry Gaines.James Andrew Sharp.Raymond Willie Mack.George Lewis Glenn.Howard Cornealson.Charlie Happy.George Goff.Ike Holman.Jim Thornton.Shelby Biddle.William Lee Livers. .Land Thomas.Clarence Willis. tWilliam Washington.Ed. Victor.George Henry Brown.Warren Anderson.John McKee Johnson.Willie Lee Edwards, Jr.Richard Henry Jackson.James Lee Thomas.Edward Thomas Jefferson.James T. Ingram.Thomas Nichols.Dudley Davis.Charlie Johnson. ' 'Walter Mack;Will Cross.m m iCOHEN WANTS R00VER TO FIXFARM LABOR PRICES -Owing to the scarcity of labor andthe high price of same, Mat Cohen,Commissioner of Agriculture, yesterday addressed a communication toHerbert Hoover, Federal Food Dictator, calling upon him to fix maximum prices on farm labor. This stepwas taken by Commissioner Cohen asthe threshing season is at hand, andthe price of farm labor almost prohibitive. Threshing outfits are demanding fifty cents a bushel forthreshing grain and with the price offarm labor ranging from five to sevendollars a day and sacks at thirtycents apiece, Commissioner Cohensaid that farmers would realize buteighty-five cents net for their grain.He called upon Mr. Hoover to instruct his county agents to call ameeting of the farmers and farm laborers, to include owners of threshing outfits, to place a (maximum priceupon farm labor, and also upon theamount to be charged per bushel forthreshing grain. Before the prevailing high cost of things, CommissionerCohen said that grain was threshedfor as low as six cents a bushel.this finds the owner, the staff andthe whole force well and happy."Cornelius (Buddy) James, by thistime a seasoned old, tar, who has justcompleted his fifth trip across theAtlantic as a seaman on a U. S.army transport, writes his mother,Mrs. Mollie James, in Paris, (Ivy.)in part:"Just returned from a trip to-dayto find the United States sorter up-jset over the activities of submarinesnear the A,merlcan snore, seems tohave been quite a little excitementaround here For the firsttime in five trips we ha've had someexcitement ourselves. One of theships that generally .sails with uswas sunk. Ray Victor, one of myfriends in F. S. was on board. Idon't know whether he went downwith the ship or not . A.boutfour hours after the destroyer leftus we were called to the guns. Therewas a spray, or .'wake' about onethousand -yards off our port quarter.Of course we didn't know whether itwas. a -U-boat' or not, -so we took acouple of shots at- it for safety firstsake. If it was a submarine we gotrid of it after the first shot.If wedidn't 'hit it no harm was done.Anyway, the next day the ship wastorpedoed 3We .received the report by wireless, also at . the sametime a report of the sinking of shipsoff Delaware and the Virginia capes.So with the exception of two dayswe kept our 'war watch' all the wayooT.cc -ft looks serious, but if... attack our shiD they willCfcrlsl WJVJ -- . ". . about flf ty SiXinch shells in theirJl)erisc0pe in fifty seconds or less. Wehaye the TecoT& in the transportfieet for marksmanship in targeti ractice getting 40 out of 50 shotsJve t0 allMmnTHURSDAY, JUNE 20, TO MARKBONE-DRY ERA.With the new law going into effect June 20 pronouncing funeral services for shipments of liquor intodry territory, Lexington, a big distributing center, will feel a considerable jar. Wholesalers say rush orders have come in from many sections in the last few weeks."A year and a half will see exhaustion of the whisky supply in theUnited States," said one dealer.Chief Deputy William Grayot, of theInternal Revenue Collector's office,declared he believes there will be little liquor in warehouses by thattime.Buyers will have to work out theirown plans after the law goes intoeffect, according to one dealer's version. He said whisky dealers couldcontinue to sell, but that purchaserswould have to take chances of getting shipments to destination.Shortage of the supply has causedthe average price, according to estimates, to be placed at. $2.50 perquart. The gallon price has gonefrom $8 to ?10, the price varying according to brand and age.PUBLIC SALE OF SEVENTH ST.RESIDENCE.Having decided to leave Paris, Ioffer at public auction my residenceon Seventh street. Sale Saturday at2 p. m., June 15. Practically newframe house with 8 rooms, pantry,bath complete, gas and water, yard,farden, fruit trees, etc. Lot 60x305feet.For particulars, see Harris &Speakes. " '(7-14) T. A. HENDRICKS.SALE OF WAR SAVINGS STAMPSIS INCRAEASINGThe sale of War Savings Stampsin Paris during the campaign up tothe present day shows a gratifyingincrease each day. The total has now.reached a little over $200,000 andthe drive continues to go on briskly.Several new names have been addedto the Honor Roll of limit purchasers. Miss Elizabeth Steele, CountyChairman, and her corps of assistants,are busy every day at the headquarters in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co. building, at Broadway, but never too busy to receivecontributions or purchase price of abunch of War Savings Stamps.Remember that Saturday, June 28,will be National War Savings Stamps"Day. Pledge yourself on or 'beforethat day to save, to the utmost ofyour ability, and to buy War Savingsstamps tnat there may be moremrmpv Inhnr nTirl mntprinlc tn hootup tho?e who-fisrht and die for you. jand for a time seriously threatenedIn the meantime just pass over a i adjoining buildings at Main andfew dollars to Miss Steele and have Ninth streets. The building belongher exchange a package of the stamps ' ed to L. H. Davis and was valued atfor them. $10,000, with $8,000 insurance.WE KNOW HOW111Keep Cool These Hot DaysWith Comfortable, Light Weight Clothes x .Palm Beach Coat and Trousers SiSi.Mohair Cloths clothes that are tailored and made withoutlining, that fit and hold their shape regardless of the lighVweight fabrics from which they are made. . Solid greys,fancy greens, tans and blues. . .$'1 2.50 to $25.00Light Summer Underwear J j - U-white nainsook, light weight lisle and linen union suitsfrom $1.50 to $5,00Straw Hats, Panamas arid Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shoes. Everything you need in Summer- Clothes you will find at our store. 'MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE. TRACTORS MAKING BIG HITWITH BOURBON.FARMERSThe farm tractors recently sent tothis county under the auspices of theAgricultural Experiment Station atLexington are doing splendid work,and have met with a cordial reception upon the part of the farmers towhom they were sent.One farmer on whose place one ofthe tractors was operated said he hadnot seen it in operation until lastMonday, when he saw it goingthrough a big field of barley, pullinga,n eight-foot reaper. He stated thathe was delighted. He was on horseback and the tractor did its work so"vyell and got over the ground so fastthat he could not begin to keep upyith it. ,With the increasing scarcity offarm labor the most improved farmmachinery is bound to be introducedsooner or later, and the farm tractoris leading the way. A four-horseteam attached to a mower or a binder may give out on a hot day, butthe tractor will do more work, do itbetter, and never give out. It isbound- to become a farm necessity.HOWARD BROS CIRCUS TO EXHIBIT HERE TO-DAY.. The small boys, as well as manyboys and women, too, of largergrowth, who used to think that eventhe smell of the tanbark under a circus tent was well worth the admission price, are delighted at the prospect, of a circus coming to Paris af- fier me lapse 01 many years, toward Bros.' Circus, a combination ofthe Howard Bros.' Shows " and theGentry Bros.' Pony and Dog Shows,will exhibit in this city to-day, giving two performances, afternoon andevening, on the lot on Winchester!Street, adjoining the Wilson seedhouse.The Frankfort State Journal givesft very complimentary notice of theshows, which were in Frankfort,CVlMiday, describing it as one of the'leanest and best performances evergiven by a circus in that city. Thecircus carries the usual line of attractions that go to "make the showspopular.The afternoon performance, which(begins at 2:15 o'clock, will be preceded by a street parade about 10:30o'clock. The night performance willbegin at 7:30 o'clock. Come earlyand get the- best seats before thecrowd surges in and roots you awayfrom places of vantage where the action is the quickest and best seen.JBLOPKINSVILLE MOVIE THEATREDESTROYED BY FIRE.Fire starting when a film caughtfire in the Princess Theatre, at Hop-Ivinsville. destroyed that buildingLIEUTENANT KERSLEY DELIVERS AN INTERESTINGADDRESS.In furtherance of the campaignfor the sale of War Savings Stamps inthis city and county, Lieut. F. J.Kersley, of the English army, a member of the British Rifle Brigade, delivered an interesting address to acrowd that filled the big CircuitCourt room at the court house Wednesday afternoon.Preceding the address the LibertyDrum and Bugle Corps gave a parade,advertising the- speaking, and the bigtower bell on top of the fire department headquarters rang out, in thesame cause. This quickly broughtthe crowd out in large numbers, andby the time the speaker arrived therooim was comfortably filled.Lieutenant Kersley was Introducedto the audience' by Mr. Wade H.Whitley. He launched into his subject at once, going to it with all1 thevim an aymym would use- jn, making a char5S',:the enemy,)tl$s address wa$ull of startling fact's relating to the horrors practiced in Belgium and other war-stricken countries of Europe by the Huns. He toldmany instances that fully attestedthe brutality and utter disregard forthe conventionalities of civilizationpracticed by the Germans, and in amost impressfve manner broughthome to his audience the absolutenecessity of supportg- every warmeasure that wouffljjjpd to defeatKaiser Bill and his unspeakable ruffians. He told (many things thatseemed almost unbelievable, but thespeaker's earnestness and the factthat he had spent many years inactual warfare, gave the stamp oftruthfulness to all his utterances.As he had been in theservice since$914 and had Just arrived in thisCountry several weeks ago afterhaving been wounded at the battleof Ypres, his talk was of unusual interest-.'"Mrs. Clarence Lebus, of Lexington,made a short talk to the audience,congratulating Bourbon county onthe progress of the War SavingsStamp campaign, and paying a tribute to those who were engaged inwork. The Liberty Chorus of thiscity, under the direction of Mr. A.L. Boatright, rendered a select program of patriotic music, appropriateto the occasion.THE FARMERS, MILLERS ANDTHRESHERMEN TO MEET.The farmers, millers and threshermen of Bourbon county have beencalled to meet at the court house in.this city on next Tuesday afternoon,June 18, at 1:30 o'clock, to considerquestions of sackage for wheat, theprice of wheat in Bourbon countyand other matters of importance atthis time concerning the saving ofthe wheat crop in Bourbon county.Mr. J. L. Robbins, joint representative of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, and of the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station ofKentucky University, and also County Demonstration Agent for BourbonCounty, will be present and addressthe meeting.The Food Administration will berepresented by County Food Administrator Lawrence Mitchell, of NorthMiddletown, and the Council of Defense by Chairman A. B. Hancock, ofParis. Farmers who have wheat andmillers and threshermen are urgentlyrequested to attend the meeting.VALUABLE INFORMATION SERVICE BY AMERICANRED CROSS.Through the efforts of the RedCross Civilan Relief Department,arrangements have been made bywhich valuable information regarding any question pertaining to theallotment, allowance, compensationor insurance can be promptly secured for the families of the men inany branch of war service.Most important is the fact that information concerning the men in hospitals in France, or who may beprisoners, can be secured morepromptly and accurately throughRed Cross mediums, than in anyether way.Families of men in the service fromBourbon county, outside of Millersburg, should communicate with Mr.John Davis, Chairman of the CivilianRelief Committee, Bourbon CountyChapter, American Red 'Cross, togain desired information in reference to any questions pertaining toany phase of the War Risk InsuranceAct, or regarding the welfare of menin camp in the united states, or moverseas service, or in regard to anyhome problem where aid or counsel isneeded. -.Careful consideration will be givenevery request.jai 1 1RESTAURANT CLOSEDThe City Restaurant, conducted inthe Fordham Hotel "building- byAngele Panetsos, was closed by Sheriff W. G. McClintock, on an order ofattachment issued front' the BourbonQuarterly Court. The case will comeup for hearing next Monday. Theproceedings were taken at the instance of a Greek restaurant keeperin Richmondr who foreclosed a mortgage he had on the stock and fixtures.APPELLATE COURT DECISIONIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Tuesday, in the case of Clay vs.ninv from the Bourbon CircuitCourt, the appellant filed a responseto the appellee's petition for a rehearing, and the appellee filed replyto the appellant's response to petition for rehearing with notice.PARIS TO HAVE CHAUTAUQUA.t JULY 6 TO 11, INCLUSIVEParis and Bourbon county pefplewill have another chance next month,to attend a rear live Chautauqua, un-,der the same direction as the ohswhich so satisfied everyone last year,the White-Meyers Chautauqua System, of Kansas City, Mo. The Chautauqua will be held on the Paris HighSchool grounds, in a big water-prooftent made especially for the purpose. The Chautaqua will be one of thereally big events of the year, andshould be well patronized by ourpeople, with the assurance that theywill get "a good run lor their money." The program includes a largenumber of prominent lecturers andmusical artists, among whom are-thefollowing:LECTURERS Capt. Richmond P.Hobson, Jay William Hudson,Gabriel R. Maguire, F. R. G. S., Roland A. Nichols, Clyde Wilson McCord, Bob Seeds, George EustacePearson. MUSICAL NUMBERS AND ENTERTAINERS NavassaV Orchestral Band, The Cecilian Chorus,Pearl O'Neil, Reader, DeJeu, Magician, Vierras Royal Ha,waiiansr DeVito, Piano-Accordionist, Black's European Orchestra.Special thanks are due to the localmen who are back of this Chautaqua, and who have made it possible.Their work in behalf of the community has been entirely unselfish. Theyare all busy men. You canL elpthem at designated places at $2.00for the twelve sessions, or $1.00 forthose under twelve years of age.Further particulars will be givenfrom time to time through the columns of the local press.I 1 paE0R STOUT MENPalm Beach suits to fit no3lnatterwhat your size 38 to 48.v crJ. W. DAVIS-& CO.fe ?SiPARIS MAN WINS HONORSLOUISVILLE.INMr. W. O. Hinton, of the J. T. Hinton Co., of Paris, presided this weSlcover the deliberations of the FuneralDirectors' Association of Kentucky,which held its sessions at the HotelTyler, in Louisville, beginning Wednesday, and continuing through today. Mr. Hinton has been honored withtwo terms in the presidency of thisbody, which is composed of the leading funeral directors of the' State.His thirty y ears' r expenene'e" 'weH ""equips him for the responsible position which he now occupies.Mr. Hinton, as presiding officer,called the meeting to order Wednesday morning, and responded to theaddress of welcojme delivered byMayor George Weissenger Smith. Atthe afternoon session Mr. Hintonsubmitted his report for 1917 asPresident of the Association. Theprogram comprised discussion of avariety of subjects, followed at nightby an informal ball and reception,Thursday was largely occupied withan interesting program. To-day willbe devoted to winding up the session'saffairs and to sight seeing.WESTERN HIGH SCHOOL ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT.The annual commencement exercises of the Western High School, thecolored school of Paris, will takeplace on the evening of Friday, June14, at 8 o'clock, in the auditoriumof the Paris High School. The address to the graduating class of 1918,composed of seven in the High Schooldepartment, and fourteen in theGrammar School, will be deliveredby Dr. Isaac Fisher,-of Fish University, Tenn.The commencement exercises werepreceded by the commencement sermon delivered at the colored Baptistchurch at :30 o'clock Sunday afternoon. On Monday evening the pupils of Grades 5 and 6 gave a cantata,' "One Day's Fun," in the Public School Auditorium at eighto'clock. The Grammar School Commencement exercises will be held inthe High School Auditorium at eighto'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)evening. Prof. F. M. Wood, principalof the school, extends a cordial welcome to all to attend these exercises.fca S3 aNORMAL SCHOOL. SCHOLARSHIPSScholarships for entrance to theEastern Kentucky State NormalSchool summer sessions at Richmond, will be issued to Bourboncounty teachers, on Monday, June17, by County Superintendent J. B.Caywood, whois out of the city thisweek.The new school law makes it obligatory on all teachers to take atleast one course a year. The summerschool at the State Normal will continue lor a period of six weeks. 'GERMAN ALIEN WOMEN MUSTBE REGISTERED.German alien women must register with Chief of Police Fred Linkat the police headquarters in thiscity between Monday, June 17, andWednesday, June 26, from the hoursof 6:00 a. m. and 8i00 p. m. Thisapplies to all in the county.They may register on any of thedays included, Sundays excepted, between these hours. Failure to do soia punishable hy a heavy .penalty, provided. .,Ml19X-'rT1GE TWOFRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1$18-1 mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.THE BOURBON NEWS:SrtablisIied 188136 Years of Continuous jniDiicauon.Published Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year..?2.uu 6 Months. .?l.QOPayable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thekr&cter. standing or reputation of. ay person, firm or corporation -which..y appear in tne columns oi rtuaOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of the4itor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinck for first time; 50 cents per inch'-occh subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-t3ch issue; reading notices In black' Sype, 20 cents per line, each Issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and- eimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-"Sients and yearly contracts.The rieht of publisher is reservedv to decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officessaust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.said to be the most Effective ..treatment fOT the cure -of German rabies.It seems as if the American Matineeare admirably trained to treat Fritzeffectively and that their prowess ismaking for them a reputation whichwill make many a fat subject of theKaiser shiver in his dugout and shakein his shoes.Man for man, gun for gun, theAmericans will prove the equals ofany soldiers on earth. When it comesto fighting hand to hand, with cutlass or bayonet their dashing courage and manual dexterity will chillthe spine of the Boche.Hurrah for the achievements already credited to the soldiers of thesea. May their progress continue.This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for the-period of the wartEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Savings Stamps Campaign."Under the able direction of MissElizabeth Steele, County Chairman,War Savings Stamps campaign in"this, city and county is progressingsteadily and satisfactorily, and eachday sees new additions to the fund.June 28th has been set aside asNational Pledge Day. What will..your answer be on that day? Many-American ships with many American lives are at the bottom of thetocean, victims of the German lust for3)Ioo(L Our boys are going "overzthere," through a sea of hostile sub' marines, to fight 'that you and I atVhome may be safe. But we can do"something. Let's "go over the top"-so that we may have a great patriotic demonstration on June 28th,.National War Savings Day.ISvery man, woman and child is-going to join in the answer that can-3)e heard from one end of Germanyo the other an answer so clear, sostrong1 and so true that it may have.a far greater effect than any of uscan imagine, on Germany's futurepolicy. Let this be our answer letevsry person in the land pledge himself to buy as many Was SavingsStamps as lie can afford. Let'sshow German autocracy that sinking t)ur ships and killing our men-only stirs us to action.Let's make June 28th memorablean the history of our country. Let'slyou and I every you and I man,"Troman and child resolve that before "we go to bed that -night we willImve as many War Savings Stamps3aJsted on our War Saving certificateaewe can buy. If every man, worrmpxL and child will rise to the occcasion and buy stamps, you can betthat the Kaiser and his hordes will"Xknow what it means. If every oneof the hundred million Americans"ufs -only one stamp that day it will"mean that the Government will have- ,1425.000,000."But that is not enough. We mustpledge five times that. Our quota forhe Nation is $2,000,000,000, to be.-raised through the sale of War Sav-"ings Stamps this year. Let's -not waituntil another transport is blown up.Xet's not wait until full page casu-alty lists start coming in from' France. Let's make up our minds toSet "busy, and when each of us goesi to bed that night let's be able to say"ito ourselves: "Well, perhaps I have-not done much, but I have at leasts"hown the mothers of our boys thatI am behind them, and I have sent ananswer to the Kaiser that will make-him stop and think."MSoldiers of the Sea.The brilliant work of the American"Marines against the Germans as setforth in cables from the front is inspiring. The cold steel treatment isLive In The SunshineIf you want cheerfulness in yourhome you must have sunshine andgenial hearts. Plan to live in thesunshine; if there is a pleasant roomin your dwelling, live there; if thereis a dark room, shut it up; keep thechildren out of it; if you have troubles shut them up there never takethem into the family circle givehome the sunniest thought and plansof your whole life and fill it withlove, joy, peace, gladness sunshine.Give It To Them!1 And now complaints come from allover the country that, in spite of government orders to the contrary,wholesalers are hoarding food stuffsto make a killing on soaring prices.Will we never stop this piracy?Every hog among the lot should bepromptly placed behind the bars andiris holdings be taken over by thegovernment. Our people can becrowded too far.ESBESTMflAPPETITE SHEHAS EVEH HADLexington Woman Says Good HealthIs Due to TakingTanlacAint This Awful!Somebody sent the following little"pome" to Luke McLuke, who republished it in Monday's Enquirer,under the caption, "We'll Jine Ye:""When I arrive at Heaven's gate,That is, if I'm that lucky,I'll claim the right to go inside,Because I'm from Kentucky;But if this Prohibition gangAre up there, on the level,I'll take my corkscrew in my handAnd sojourn with the Devil."m m mEDITOR SHOTNICK TIPPED FOEPENAL BOARD SECRETARYMrs. Elizabeth Chenault, 245 Upper street, Lexington, Ky., is enjoying the best appetite she ever had inher life, and she says it is due totaking Tanlac, the famous systemtonic."My health was very poor," Mrs.Chenault said. "I felt weak and mystomach-left worse after eating. Myappetite was pretty poor also, and Iwas losing flesh."Well, I heard that Tanlac was agood tonic and I started taking it.Tanlac has given me the best appetite I ver had and has taken awayall the bad feeling from my stomach."I never feel tired any more,either, and I know I'm as well as Iever was."Weakness is dangerous to health.If you are not feeling right takeTanlac, the famous system tonic, andget your system back in shape. Youcan get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.i?" i3- -.? a aa -sr 2$7 & V Vi , aJ!1'.-" m ;h h -n ".-iNrefWWI "ilPPJpC?'n .r-,unauiauqua WeekBRINGSCAPTAIN R. P tiOBSONAMERICA AND THE WORLD WARAnd a Splendid Offering of OtherGreat Chautauqua AttractionsTo Our DoorsFor Rheumatism.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentfor rheumatism. It is helping hundreds. You can get it atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)Ed Shinnick, editor of the ShelbyRecord, of Shelbyville, is tipped forthe secretaryship of the State Boardof Charitable and Penal Institutionswhich will take charge-of the charitable and penal institutions of theState, July 1. The bill consolidatingthe two boards was one of the Probemeasures passed at the last sessionol the General Assembly. GovernorStanley will appoint the members ofthe new Board and it is believed thatthe three members of the PrisonCommission and the Democraticmembers of the State Board of Control will comprise the new board.Eugene Ray, of Louisville, is at present Secretary of the Prison Commission and George Caywood, Secretaryof the Board of Control.3 J5l P5iCOUNTY ROAD ENGINEERSIt is believed that one of the mostimportant positions in any county isthat of the office of County Road Engineer. In the first place practicallyfifty per cent., and sometimes more,of all taxes collected for county purposes is expended on the roads andthe people should be interested in themen selected for the position ofCounty Road Engineer.A great many men think that anyone can build roads, but the consensus of opinion among men informedconcerning roads, is that it requirestraining of years of experience forany man to know how to build andmaintain roads economically.The less money a county mayhave to expend on the roads thegreater need for a competent man sothat every dollar is expended in away that will do the most good, andat this time particularly we need themost efficient men so that the roadsystem of the various counties can bemaintained in the highest degree atthe (minimum of expense, and it certainly requires experienced men forthat work.The law says that a man to be acounty road engineer "Shall be either a reputable civil engineer or aman who has had practical experience as a road supervisor or builderfor two years and who shall havepassed a creditable examination bythe State Commissioner of PublicRoads or one of his representatives."Any court that appoints a manthat does not possess the above qualifications does so contrary to law andsuch action by the people. jA Pittsfield, Mass., man keeps seventy-sixBelgian hares. By means ofthem he has solved the meat problemin his home year in and year out.VCatarrh of StomachDid Not Know ItNearly 1Starved!Mrs. Selena Tanner, Athens, Ohio,"Writes: "I cannnf. finrt -urnr-Aa fn v.jpress my thanks for your kind ad-ww x ucu uutB Luuusnc i naa catarrh of the stomach. I commencedtaking Peruna, as you directed. Mytomach continued to hurt me for.about two weeks after I began theedicine, and then it stopped. I nowJave a good appetite, while beforeI was nearly starved."Tho who object to liquid medi-..cimc can.prDcnreer.una Tablets.WmmsmmmmmamPERUNAMade Me WellABERDEEN-ANGUS CATTLE COMING TO THE FRONT.An important event in the Aberdeen-Angusdevelopment of the Southwas the recent purchase of twentythree heifers and a bull by a community club at Trenton, Ky., fromL. R. Kershaw, of Muskogee, Okla.The heifers are a good thrifty lot ofthe utility kinds, for which $200each was paid. The bull is a son ofBlackcap Bertram, C. D. and E. F.Caldwell's grand champion, and cost$800.County Agricultural Agent A.Flenn Baker, of Elkton, Ky., was instrumental in promoting this goodpiece of work, being supported by theFarmers' Bank, of Trenton, whichinstitution advanced the money forthe piirchase.The club consists of eleven members. These parties live within -asmall radius of Trenton and are progressive farmers with considerableexperience in the feeding and grazing,of steers.The co-operation among the members of the club will extend to everyphase of the work, the men expecting to sell their surplus through cooperative effort.They are the first Angus cattle togo into this country and almost thefirst to invade that section of theState, which has been considered belonging to the Shorthorn column.Here, as everywhere else, where thetest has been made, the doddie hasfelt little opposition from the oldDurham, in this modern day conception of the utmost in beef production.Dr. C. D. Lowe, southern representative of the American AberdeenAngus Breeders' Association, metwith these parties on April 19th,gave them a plan of organization andproceedure and told them where theycould get cattle.SIX BIG DAYSHANDSOMELY ILLUSTRATED PROGRAM BOOKLETS giving full information concerning the program for this great patriotic, iespirational and entertainment eventcan soon be had firom local business men. Season Tickets for the Chautauqua, 12 sessions, can be purchased for $2:00. If purchased singly, admission tickets forthe Six Days Programs will cost $4.00. Be wise and buy a Season Ticket.Other Attractions IncludeTHIS IS NEAR LIMIT IN STRAFING SLACKERS!(Paducah (Texas) Weekly)"We hate a pro-German worsethan we hate the caboose end of askunk; we hate 'them worse than wehate the venomous reptile that liessneakingly by your pathway andthrusts its fa'ngs into your body whenyou pass; we hate them as we hateJudas and those who betrayed theSon of God on earth; but we havethe utmost profound respect forthem as compared to an anti-Americanone who was born under theprotection of the Stars and Stripes,who is doing more to hurt the causeof America than the pro-Germans.They are1 the ones that appear inFheep's clothes. They are the onesthat are not worthy of any country,or the slightest respect of any liberty-lovingpeople. They are the oneswho have been bellyaching since thewar started, saying that it was notnecessary for this war to come about,that. President Wilson had no rightto declare war. Theyare the oneswho have been kicking because theycould not get all the flour they wanted. They are the ones who, are raising sand on every occasion becausethey are asked to buy liberty bondsor war savings stamps. They arethe ones who say there is no use ofthe public and patriotic meetings;that it is all a waste of time. Theyare of the lowest down brand of cursimaginable. They are cowards fromstart to finish. They do not even havethe courage to come out in the open.They will be the ones who would runat the first sound of a gun if thrownInto battle. They are the ones whowould desert their families and leavetheir wife and daughters to be ravished as were the sweet Beleian women, in case Germany could get theopportunity to invade ttiis country,'i'hey are the ones who are so cowardly and sneaking that they wineven read this and then not repent." 'CAPTAIN RICHARD P. HOBSON, Hero of the Merrimac.GEORGE EUSTACE PEARSON, Soldier, Author and Lecturer.THE NAVASSAR ORCHESTRAL BAND OF YOUNG LADIESBLACK'S EUROPEAN ORCHESTRA OF MASTER MUSICIANS.DR. JAY WILLIAM HUDSON, Just Returned from War Zone.THE CECILIAN CHORUS in Operatic Gems and Modern Songs.DR. ROLAND A. NICHOLS, Lecturer; "The Man Worth While."GARIEL R. MAGUIRE, "With an Irishman Through the Jungles of Africa."PEARL O'NEIL, Canadian Reader and Entertainer.DE JEU, Magician, in "A Fantastic Evening.". BOB SEEDS, The Famous Humorist and Philosopher.DE VITO, Piano AccordionistVIERRA'S ROYAL HAWAIIAN SINGERS AND PLAYERS.Patriotism is the Key Note of the Week!Paris Chautauqua July 6th to 11thS. E. BEDFORD, SecretaryNOTICE TO PROPERTY OWNERS.Many property-owners in the cityhave responded to the call made bythe Board of Health to clean outcesspools, vaults, surface privies, etc.,and many are awaiting the scavenger, who want the work done, whileothers are making no effort in thatdirection.The only way to keep Hawkinshere is to keep him busy. Othercities are seeking his services. Seehim personally, or call him, Cumberland phone No. 515, and leave yourorder.There must be a strict enforcementof this city ordinance. Any propertyowner failing to comply with this ordinance may find himself or herselfcalled to appear in Police Court.Please do not further trifle with theBoard.A. H. KELLER,City Health Oflicer.By order of the Board of Health,Paris, Ky., June 3, 1918.(4-tf)Experiments with powdered peatfor fuel have been so successful inSweden that a plant for its production on a large scale has been established.Ford For Sale.A good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For Rent.Three nice unfurnished rooms forrent. Apply to(tf) ERNEST MARTIN.For Sale.er.Good second-hand Milwaukee Bind-First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb: Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf)rNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingVLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rconls, bath, kitchen"and laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.NOTICEThe Electric Dry Cleaning Company, heretofore operating in Paris,Ky., and composed of Walter Clarkand D. W. Traugatt, is this day dissolved by mutual consent. The saidD. W. Trangatt assumes all the obligations of the old firm and is entitled to collect all the outstanding accounts due said firm, this June 10,1918. .WALTER CLARK,D. W. TRAUGATT.(ll-t) - "Let Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas r electric light andpower companies, because ,t serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policeor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends.' HAVE YOU A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home Institution and are vitally interested in the town'd welfare. We can help you. Yoacan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co,(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Wf. H. CAHHOH,Diitrict XanAger. XMlJbmtgei..FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1913THE BOURBON OTtWS,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.F AMS, XT T- r vi -' -N... , , ...., .-, . ... ,. .... , . , .-With Coop & Dent's Big Circus, Paris, Tuesday, June 25.EQUESTRIENNE OF RENOWNAMONG RIDERS WITHFAMOUS CIRCUS.Its the circus that is the questionof the hour, at least for the kiddiesand who is not young on circusday? The broadspread and flamingannouncements have, no doubt, prepared you for the advent of the bigCoop and Lent Circus, with its manysensational features, not Hie least ofwhich is to be the gorgeous glitteringmodern motorized street pageant.Coop &. Lent's big three ring circusand menagerie and city of whitelents will appear in Paris, Tuesday,June 25th. Coop & Lent's biggestendeavor is the first and only enormous show to utilize the auto trucksas motive power, thus assuring thegreat public that all dates will befilled as advertised, and that allpromises will be faithfully kept.Apiong the great array of circustalent there is one deserving of unstinted praise that one is dainty,dashing Dallie Julian in a most daring equestrian act that has madevast crowds hold their breath, andthen burst forth in mighty applause.Miss Julian is worthy of the stellerhonors with the Coop & Lent showsand her equal is not to be found withany other circus.It is the policy of Coop & Lentto have something better and biggerthan any other big show, consequently every act engaged is a feature in their particular line. Thefirst new feature is the aiinety-siximmense auto trucks and trailers totransport the mighty circus and itsarmy of employees across the continent, and this feature alone willdraw thousands of country folk toeach city visited. The great menagerie is another feature, and no childshould be deprived of this opportunity to receive a lesson in NaturalHistory. Keep in mind the grandestof street parades which will startpromptly at 10:30 a. .m.Comings ' and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.$120,000 OFFER FOR GREAT ENGLISH HORSE REFUSEDJ. B. Joel, race horse owner ofLondon, England, has refused an offer of 25,000 for his horse, BlackJester, which won the St. Leger in1914. This action was taken by Mr.Joel on the ground that it would beagainst the nation's interests to allow the horse to leave the country.15 5 fePlatinum thrown away by earlySpanish explorers, ignorant of itsvalue, often is found in excavatingfoundations for.. new- .buildings topay the cost of a building.Paris Tuesday, June 25thThe Only Big Circus Coming This YeariHMJE0KBW rjOOPOTWOTMOTii..' ri0Fm'MN'ltdKmmmTHE GREATEST INNOVATIONf HISTORY AMUSEMENTin,y.i3i:rviJWytcirKisMiiiyiV,iy'inBPWBjBP , ,-f i.niTiiri - j aTickets on Sale Day of Show At ,Mitchell & Blakemore's Clothing StoreHm Extra Chargt Fr Tlmt Ticktts.Mr. H. Clay Weathers, of Covington, is a guest of relatives nearthis city.Mrs. Curtis Henry has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Carlisle.Mr. Ray Stipp, of Covington, isa guest of Mr. R. L. Stipp, and family, near this city.Miss Mary Ross has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. MalcomMcMullen, in Louisville.Mrs. Bettie E. Bedford and Mrs.Silas E. Bedford are visiting Mrs.Mary Frazier, in Louisville.Miss Carolyn Berry, of Lexington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Frank P. Lowry, o-n Stoner avenue.Mrs. Harry Hancock and daughter, Miss Virginia, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cleveland,Tenn.Dr. J. S. Dailey, of Jackson, Ky.,was a guest yesterday of his uncle,Dr. M. H. Dailey and Mrs. Dailey, onStoner avenue.Mr. Felix Newman -has returnedto his home in Falmouth after avisit to the family of Mr. R. M. Terrill, near Clintonville.Mr. Perry Shy has returned tohis home in Winchester after a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Shy, on Seventh street, in this city.Mrs. George W. Nippert, of NewYork, and son, Mr. Carl Nippert, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Swiney Ray, on Higgins avenue.Mrs. Earl Smith has returned toher home in Simpsonville, Shelbycounty, after a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Arnold, on Highstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Butler willmove to Paris from Covington assoon as they can secure a home.They are at present guests of Parisrelatives.Miss Fern Stone and brothers,Forrest and Homer Stone, of EastFourth street, are visiting theirgrandparents at Jackson, Ky., during the vacation season.Miss Minnie Bramel, of Flemingcounty, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital. Miss Bramble issuffering from an attack of appendicitis and typhoid fever.Mr. Robert Frakes, who hasbeen a guest of his sister, Mrs. S.Kenney Nichols for several days, hasgone to Latonia to be present duringthe Latonia race meeting.Mrs. Newton H. Taylor has asguest at her home near Paris, Mrs.Edward K. Addington, of Winchester, Ind., Mrs. Anna Maupin, of NewYork, and Mrs. Tevis Wilkerson, ofLexington.F. L. Metzgar, who has for sometime been connected with the MurphyTransfer Co., has gone to Charleston,W. Va., where he has taken a position as engineer with a big construction company.Mrs. F. S. Elder, who is a patient at the Massie "Memorial Hospital, is very ill with fever, necessitating postponement of a surgicaloperation, which was to have beenperformed this week.Miss Bernice Moore has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling, after avisit to Miss Anna Louise White, ather home on Higgins avenue. MissWhite and her guest attended thedance given in Millersburg.Mr. T. W. Medlin has returnedto her home in Middletown, O., aftera visit to relatives in this city andcounty. Mrs. Medlin was calledhere by the death of her father, Mr.J. B. Henry, of near North Middletown. Mr. Louis Mitchell, of Hazard,formerly of Paris, was a guest Wednesday of his mother, Mrs. AlbertMitchell, near Paris. Mr. Mitchellwas en route to Louisville to attendthe State Convention of Undertakers. Mrs. W. O. Hinton was a guestseveral days this week of her sister,Mrs. Keith Snyder, and her brother,Mr. John Freeman, in Louisville,while her husband was attending theState Convention of Undertakers inthat city.Frankfort State Journal: "MissEleanor Lytle, of Paris, will comethe latter part of this week for avisit to her aunt, Mrs. Brooks Dodson, after which she will go to Cincinnati to spend the remainder of thesummer."Mr. Claude Cantrill has returnedto his home in Gallatin. Tenn., aftera visit to his brother, Mr. Edward F.Cantrill, in Paris. The U. S. Government has erected a big powderplant, employing 20,000 men, nearhis place.Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Elvove entertained at their home on Virginiaavenue, in honor of the birthday anniversaiies of their two children,Sarah, and Ethel, who, though agedten and five years respectively, celebrate the same natal day. Refreshments were served on the lawn andgames played by the guests.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Clayreturned yesterday from a visit torelatives in Cincinnati. They were'accompanied by Miss Esther Haynie,of Cincinnati, and Miss Irene Lawrence, of Cleveland, who will beguests at their home "for the remainder of the week.Mrs. L. R. Bramble tte and MissElizabeth Rule' have returned fromDanville, where they attended thecommencement exercises at the Kentucky College for Women. yMrs.Bramblette's daughter, Mfss IreneBramblette, who is a student at theCollege, returned home with them.Mr. R. P. Dow, Sr., attended thereunion of his old regiment, theFifth Ohio Volunteers, in MemorialHall, in Cincinnati, recently. Mr.Dow is one of the 300 survivors ofthe regiment which, originally numbered two thousand men,M He lost anarm in one of the battles in which-his regiment participated.(Other Personals on Page' 5.)B?lflxWMS!K i ' i k i .Wz&!m!KB I ilt i KMP I JT s. . " r Jf I m ifll, '' w7 .mIII '01 " no w Possible for" it-cryy y woman through use ofMARINELLOPhantom PowderImmediately gives skin appearance of beauty then reallybeautifies it. Unrivaled beauty builderlor face, neck and hands. Doesn't rubor wash off. Splendidforeveningmakeup. Your mirror will prove its menM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.SIMPLE CLOTHES STLYE FORMEN.The days of the male "clothins-slacker" are numbered, according toCharles F. Wetzel, of New York.president of the National Associationof Merchant Tailors of America, whohas sent out an appeal to the tailorsof the country to eliminate all unnecessary embelishments of pnen'sclothing. The appeal followed a visitof Mr. Wetzel to the commercialeconomy board of the Council of National Defense at Washington."The day for 'nifty styles haspassed," Mr. Wetzel said, "and it behooves every man in this country whowishes to help the government inconservation measures, and at thesame time to be well dressed, to seeto it that only garments made alonglines of the utmost simplicity areTJhetPendletonShop135 EAST MAIN ST.t OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSworn.'?a IS TS-DEALERS IN POULTRY AND EGGS.TAKE NOTICE!The United State's Food Administration considers poultry and eggssuch important food, that effectiveafter this date, it will require allpersons, storekeepers, huckstersand dealers not now underlicense, who buy and sell eggs andpoultry, to take out license under theUnited States Food Administrationlaw.This does not refer ato farmers orconsumers, nor to retailers, unlessthey sell to others than customers.For any information on the subject, call or address the undersigned,at North Middletown, Ky.LAWRENCE MITCHELL.iBOurbon County Food Administrator.Columbia Grafonolas'jShHb''Columbia Grafcnola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYABOUT, FACS!Have you thought War Savings Stamps beneath your dignitythat W. S. S. were only for your children?Have you thought War Savings Stamps were only for thosewho could invest in 25-cent units as steps to W. S. Si?Have you thought that Liberty Bonds, in their higher denominations, were your principal method of helping to financethe war?No matter what your subscription to Liberty Loan WarSavings Stamps are also FOR YOU!JUNE 28thNationalWar Savings DayAn exact quota, according to population, has been set. It is"$20 average for each American man, woman and child thismeans the limit, $1,000 each, for those who can, to averagethose who cannot.The goal is $2,000,000000 (Two Billion Dollars) to be obtained,,this year, 1918, which meansRIGHT ABOUT FACE!Subscribe for your full quota of W; Sr SSign your pledge on or before Friday, June 28th.j National War Savings CommitteeV ; tiM- -a-----$rfj "This space contribute forthe Winning of tht War byTHE A. J; WINTERS CO.P'A - - 1I M trXTxzi II Ir !r-f"5 HIWS.afcvfa -ncv--vftmfhiWlyC;7F'hMta4ftIISHIK1-. '.&?AttionTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.-j &GOOD WEATHER HELPING BOURBON COUlTTY FARMERS.-Notwithstanding the shortage oflabor tl this county the farmers have"been enabled by the recent heavyrains to' set out a large acreage of tobacco, and the fields have presenteda busy appearance to the passer-by.Wheat and barley prospects at thistime are very promising, and if laborers can be secured to help in the harvests Bourbon county will contributeher share to the near-billion bushelwheat crop predicted by the government experts. The June crop reportof the department states that it ispossible that' the wheat crop willreach the billion-bushel mark.-Besides the prospects for a largecrop ofvwheat and barley our farmers are greatly encouraged by the.prospects at this time for large cropsof small grains, clover, alfalfa,- andsome of the other crops. Early wetand cool weather in some sections ofthe county have retarded the planting of corn, and owing to bad seedcorn, much replanting was made necessary. An unusually large acreageof com was planted, the same beinggiven as 99 per cent, -while the condition of the growing corn was 86per cent.Stripping blue grass seed and thecultivation of corn has been the order of the day for the past week,and the Bourbon county farmer findsthat he can still put in most of histime and labor in the corn field thisweek. About sixty per cent, of thetobacco plants have been transplanted. The farmer is doing quite well,all things considered.WONDER WHAT THE TROUBLE- IS ANYWAY t 'Numerous complaints have reachedTHE NEWS from cantonments andarmy camps regarding the nonreceipt of the paper by soldier boysto whom they are sent. In manyinstances complaints have been madethat no papers had been received forweeks at a time.Every possible precaution is takenin THE NEWS office to see that papers are properly addressed to theboys in camp. The papers leave this, office all right on time, with addresses pnntea on tne wrappers, ana tnefault apparently lies in the distribution system in the cantonments.Newspapers being second-classmail matter, would naturally be sidetracked in favor of first-class mail,letters, etc. Still we hope some arrangement may be reached wherebythe boys in. the army and navycamps may get their papers beforethey the papers). get too old to beof any value.Uncle Sam is taking fine care ofthe boys, but we hope his servantswill find a way to get .the papers tothe soldier boys on time. Life incamp is fairly monotonous, beingmostly all routine, and the paperfrom the old home town, is nearlyalways as good as a letter.TREBLE CLEF CLUB GIVES EN-B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsSPONTANEOUS COMBUSTIONCAUSE OF BIG FIRE.ISDr. M. S. Browne, whose finedairy barn was destroyed by fire recently, made the statement that thefire was caused by spontaneous combustion. He said he has learned thefire was smouldering for some timebefore the flames broke out. Newspapers had published it was believedthe fire was of incendiary origin.JOYABLE RECITAL.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.MAPOTHER APPOINTED FEDERAL MANAGER. OF L. & N.Mr. W. H. Mapother, First VicePresident of the Louisville & Nashville road, has been appointed bySecretary McAdoo, Director of Railloads for the United States, as Federal Manager of the Louisville &Nashville lines in this State.Mr. Mapother began with the Louisville & Nashville as office boy thirty years ago, and in 1905 was elected First Vice-President of the road.Mr. Mapother, who is only forty-six !years old, is the youngest railroadman iiT the United States holdingsuch a responsible position. Mr. Milton H. Smith, will continue as president of the corporation. JAn enjoyable and entertainingmusical recital was given Tuesdaynight in the parlors of the Christianchurch by the members of the TrebleClef Club. A musical program ofsuperior excellence was rendered under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, director.Sweet peas, ferns and-cut flowersformed a decorative effect that wasas pleasing to the eye and the olfactory nerves as was the sweet musicto the ear. The Club is composed ofthe following local musicians, all talented: First Soprano Miss Hattie HillO . . eill, Mrs. Grover Baldwin, Mrs.Wjm. M. Talbott.Second Soprano Mrs. H. E. Foster, Mrs. Taylor, Miss Virginia Cook.First Alo Mrs. Percy Smith, Mrs.Robin Horton, Miss Nancy Young.Second Alto Miss Esther Boatright, Miss Hazel Arnold, Miss WandaF. Davis.Mrs. H. M. Hamliton, Violinist;Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, Accompanist; A. L. Boatright, Director.A PATRIOTIC PRAYERTThe following was sent to THE"NEWS by Miss Maggie Farrow, ofthis city, with a request for its publication as a patriotic prayer for thesuccess of America and the Allies inthe present world-war. It was accompanied by a little poem in which theGerman Kaiser is taken to task forthe jmany sins placed at his door:"Oh, Father in Heaven, guide andkeep our lads in France, in thetrenches, in the camps, or whereverthey may beTTTvnTVR Avrnir m? mfv two. nrrroa4-"-"-"r.-- w v " """"'CLOSES SESSIONS.The three-days' session of theJStateFederation of Woman's Clubs closedits sessions in the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington, Wednesday evening, afterone of the most notable meetings inthe history of the Federation. Bourbon county clubs were well represented. During the three-days' meetingthe delegates discussed -ways andmeans, adopted resolutions and madeOh, Lord, guide them ' for their clubs a platform which, willacross that deep cruel sea. Father, mean that Kentucky through its wo-those who have given their lives andhave fallen on the great battlefieldsof war, oh, guide their souls and helpus to meet them in a land where alittle child shall lead them. I pray,oh. Lord, for our brothers in khakiand blue to come home marchingwith outstretched hands and arms,and may they be able to say, 'Father,we have won this great war for thesake of freedom and humanity. And,oh, Lord, those who have fallen onthe field of battle, where the front isstrewn with the dead, pnay the flowerof love spring from their graves andblossom to show they have giventheir lives to save us and our country. Oh, God, we are all your children; our brothers have gone to thewar. Shall we be left to perishalone. Oh, Father, grant us ourprayer and bring our boys safely backto us."The young lady supplements herfervent prayer by the following:"HE WHO WOULD RUIN AMERICA IK is for killing of the people;A is for America he would like torule.I is for the infants he has slain;S is for the Sammies he cannot fool;E is for the earth he thinks he'll. rule ;R is for right, which he'll never be."1 Pa JS-l ?a Ps-TELEPHONE MANAGERS TO ATTEND STATE MISTINGDistrict Manager J. J. Veatch, andlocal managers W. H. Cannon, ofParis, C. M. Mynheir, of Cynthiana,and W. C. Corman, of Carlisle, leftWednesday afternoon for Louisvilleto attend the annual meeting of theCentral Home Telephone and Telegraph Co. managers from all over theState. The convention ' opened itssessions yesterday, and will continuethrough to-day. The meetings arebeing held in the Henry WattersonHotel. General Manager S. M. Heller,of Louisville, presided over the meeting.HOSPITAL SIGNAL SYSTEMSHOWS PATIENTS' WANTSBetter service for hospital patientsand a saving of many steps for nursesare advantages provided for in a newelectrical signal system for hospitals,described in the July Popular Mechanics Magazine. The system canbe installed with little difficulty inan old hospital, if desired, and is entirely suited for use in field hospitals. Beside each bed is a push button and a small box-like indicatorsupported on a bracket extendingfrom the wall. Installed in thenurses' station is a signal board divided into panels, one for each patients's bed.Pressing the button causes the indicator at the bedside and a corresponding indicator in the nurses' station to register one of four or Avewants, such as "water," "nurse,"etc., according to the number of timesthe button is pressed. , Besides saving time, the system prevents any dispute between patient and nurse" as to'the signal given. In case several callscome in at the same time this apparatus enables the nurse on duty togive preference to the patient whoseneed is most urgent.men will be one of the greatest powers in the nation, for conservation inall forms and for "service of the highest value in winning the war forAmerica and the Allied countries.The election of officers for the ensuing term resulted in the selectionof the following:President, Mrs. Lafon Riker, Harrodsburg; First Vice President, Mrs.J. H. Hills, Paducah; Second VicePresident, Mrs. Herbert Mengel,- Louisville; Third Vice President, Mrs.Chas. P. Weaver, Louisville; FourthVice President, Mrs. W. C. Morton,Madisonville; General FederationSecretary, Mrs. Morris Bartlett, Lawrenceburg; Treasurer, Mrs. H. G.Reynolds, Paducah; Recording Secretary, Miss Lida Hafford, Carrollton;Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. JohnLafon, Jr., Harrodsburg; Auditor,Mrs. R. T. Lowndes, Danville; PressChairman, Mrs. J. H. Dickey, Louisville; Information Chairman, MissAda May Cromwell, Frankfort; Conservation Chairman, Mrs. Morris Gilford, Louisville; Humane Work Secretary, Mrs. G. H. Webb, Louisville;Home Economics Chairman, Mrs.Helen B. Wolcott, Lexington; CivilService, Mrs. C. C. McAdams, Hawesville; Education Chairman, Mrs. CoraWilson Stewart, Frankfort; HistoryResearch Chairpnan, Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, Lexington; Civics Chairman,Mrs. Fannie Summers, Georgetown;Health Chairman, Mrs. J. C. Helburn,Eminence.FRIDAY, JVm 14, lilt'Ia&sjr.BIRTHS.Cards have been received announcing the birth of a son to Mr.and Mrs. Oscar Lindberg, in Pasadena, Cali. Mrs. Landberg was formerly Miss Corinne Darnaby, of Clintonville. The pulpit of St. Peter's Episcopal church, in this city, will be occupied Sunday morning by Rt. Rev.Bishop Louis W. Burton, who willpreach at 10:45 o'clock. BishopBurton will also administer the HolyCommunion..The sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be administered at the morning service at the Methodist churchnext Sunday. The Quarterly Conference will be held in the afternoon.Presiding Elder C. F. Oney, of Frank-ior, will be present and preside atrcdth services.fe fe feEvery man in North Jay, Me., except three own automobiles and theywill soon buy, according to a localcorrespondent.FRANK&caLADIES' OUTFITTERS4M t' " j:JUST ARRIVEDlA NEW LINE OFBATHING SUITSCaps and ShoesNEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGS' SILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSFRANK & CO.Send That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesWalsh's M,;L Clearance SaleOf High Grade Clothing, Hats, Odd Pants, Grips and Suit CasesAT CUT PRICESSale Starts Saturday Morning at 8 O'clock and Lasts Ten Days."WSan ireT worth" SSu J TS P""5 " be opportunity to buy high class merchandise at much lessHart, Schaffner & Marx and Kirscbaum Clothing, H. Kuhn & Son'sClothing for Boys, Stetson, Knox and Crof utt & Knapp Hatsconcern. The regular-prices are left on so youe'yTa " an honeSt -Read Over the Prices and See the Remarkable Values We Have to Offer.$35.00' 30.0027.5025.0022.5020.0018.0015.00-;L2.50.10.00J 8.50MEN'S SUITSCut toMen's Suits $30.00Men's Suits m 25.00Men's Suits ....!.,... .2250Men's Suits ... 20.00Men's Suits 1750Men's Suits 16.50Men's Suits 1450Men's Suits 1L50Men's Suits . 959Men's Suits 7ggMen's Suits g'ggBOY'S SUITSCut to?12.50 Boy's Suits $9.451.0.00 Boy's Spits 7,958.50 Boy's Suits g 957.50 Boy's Suits 5956.50 Boy's Suits 4955.00 Boy's Suits q'qk4.00 Boy's Suits o qc3.50 Boy's Suits o3.00 Boy's Suits 2 25BOY'S KNEE PANTS- - Cut to?2.50 Boy's Pants t1 Qft2.00 Boy's Pants Y401.50 Boy's Pants i'ic1.00 Boy's Pants gjj.75 Boy's Pants 'on.60 Boy's Pants '4Z.50 Boy's Pants 33Everything CashMEN'S PELT HATS55.004504!oO3.503.002.502.001.501.00HatsHatsHatsHatsHatsHatsHatsHatsHatsCut to$3.953.753.252.982.251.951.50- 1.15.8956.005.004.00MEN'S 0DF PANTS. " ; .Cut toMen's Pants . .t '. .$4.75Men's Pants ..'..., 3J95Men's Pants .". . . '2.953.50 Men's Pants 2.753.00 Men's Pants 2.25SUIT CASES AND BAGS.Cut to$10.00 Suit Case or Bag $8.4fc9.00 Suit Case or Bag 7.488.50' Suit Case or Bag g.gg8.00 Suit Case or Bag ...... g'4g7.50 Suit Case or Bag 5g6.00 Suit Case or Bag 4g5.00 Suit Case or Bag 3,933.50 Suit Case or Bag 2!982.00 Suit Case or Bag l4g ;1.50 Suit Case or Bag 1151.25. Suit Case or Bag. ..... i'qo1.00 Suit Case or Bag gg -1 fecoining cnarged Nothine Sent on AnnrovalmR. P. WALSHOne Price StoreMain and 7th Sts., Paris, Ky. L -V.IIJBI-&'-. -r:. . iFRIDAXaiB -14, 1918THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.JAGX JIflW-'-f-'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobaccoand small train.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june.4-tf)j Hi IfcTRAVELING LUGGAGEAn -elegant line of all-leather suitcases and traveling bags; vard-robetrunks- of all sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HEAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. M. H. H. "bavis, acting for theBourbon Steam Laundry, has purchased of C. O. and Robert Hintonhe brick building on West Seventhstreet, now occupied by the laundryplant at a private price. The Armwill continue the business at thesame old stand.DR. DAUEY ON PROGRAM.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, is onJhe program for a talk on "Gold Inlay," at the evening session of theKentucky Dental Society, at Lexington, to-day. The society convenedctorrtnv for a three-days' session.About 150 delegates are in attendance. The sessions of the conventionare being held in the Phoenix Hotel."MELONS, BERRIES AND PRUITSPRESH DAILY.We will have fresh Watermelons,Canteloupes, Peaches and Raspberries every day that they can bebought. Place your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.HAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoaft ainst hail. I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)"MOTHER LEHMAN" HERE.Mrs. Carrie A. Lehman, of Louisville, "known wherever an unfortunate languishes behind prison bars,as "Mother" Lehman, is a guest offriends in Paris this week. Mrs. Lehman for years has visited prisons,jails and alms houses, spreading goodcheer and comfort among . the inmates. She is a genuine philanthropist,whose charity is unselfish and whosetime is entriely devoted to doinggood. . She will probably deliver anaddress- to one of the Paris churches:aext Sunday.m im i'NOTHER CIRCUS COMING.And still they come. Advance carsof the Coop & Lent Motorized Circuswere in Paris yesterday, making arrangements for the appearance hereon June 25 of this circus. This isone of the biggest concerns in thecountry traveling entirely by motor-trucks ninety-six trucks and fortyfour motor trailers.The circus business seems to beflourishing, in spite of the war andother drawbacks. The high licensesdemanded, lack of transportation andether handicaps do not seem to haveaffected the business of the "sawdustand tanbark rings."MAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance ontobacco. Promptpaying companies.YERKES&PEED.(je7-tf)COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. J. Redmonreturned Wednesday from a ten-days'visit to Martinsville, Indiana.Miss Mary Smith has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto Miss Elizabeth Wyatt, in Cynthiana. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Sharp, ofLexington, are guests of Mrs. Sharp'ssister, Mrs. Burton Claypole and family in this city.Miss Mary Sandusky -is a patient at 'the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, where she underwent asurgical operation Wednesday.Mrs. J. T. Hazelrigg-has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit to her mother, Mrs. C. A.Daugherty, on Mt. Airy avenue.Itfiss Stella Heller is at homefrom Newport to spend the summervacation with her parents, Mr. a-ndMrs. P. M. Heller, on Second street.Frankfort State Journal: "Master Edward Cain, of Paris, is visitinghis grandmother, Mrs. Henry Wingate, at her home on Wallace avenue." Dr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin, whohave been guests of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomasson,near Paris, have returned to theirhome at Butler, Ky.Lexington Leader: "Noah Rose,representing the Spears & Sons' mill,of Paris, claims that he never knewwhat living was until he moved intohis new home on Woodland avenue."Miss Kenney Stegall is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city. Miss Steagall underwent asuccessful surgical operation at theinstitution Tuesday and is doingvery nicely.Mrs. F. G. Hedges arrived yesterday from McKinney, Texas, for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. John J. McClintock, at their home on Duncanavenue. Dr. Hedges will come for avisit later on.Prof. C. Prentice Lancaster hasreturned from Harrison, Ohio, wherehe occupies a chair as member of theHarrison High School faculty, tospend the vacation months with hisfather, Mr. Charles Lancaster.; Mr. and Mrs. Louis Mitchelland little daughter, of Hazard, Ky.,are guests of relatives near this city.Mr. Mitchell was formerly in the employ of the J. T. Hinton Co., in thiscity, but is now engaged in business for himself, in Hazard.Miss Russell Ammerman, ofCynthiana, who has been stayingwith Mr. a-nd Mrs. T. C. Whaley, inEast Paris, and- attending schoolhere, leaves to-day to spend part ofher vacation with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Ammerman, of" Cynthiana. She will be accompaniedhome by Miss Elizabeth Whaley.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss StaceyCheatham has returned from a visitto friends and relatives in Paris. .-. . .Miss Ida Effron left Tuesday to spenda few days in Paris with the familyof Mr. David Feld Prof. T. A.Hendricks, of Paris, who was recentlyelected President of Hamilton Collegeat Lexington, was here this week inthe interest of the school. While herehe was a guest of Mr. and Mrs. CarlLong Mr and Mrs. RudolphDavis have returned to Paris after avisit to Mrs. Davis' mother, Mrs.Mary E. Howse Mr. and Mrs.Farris Brothers and babe have returned to their home in Paris aftera visit to relatives in this city."(Other Personals on Page 3.)fe is taSEEMTO TAKE MUCH DELIGHTIN MAKING NOISE.To-day, Friday, June 14 Ladies'and Government day. Two ladies admitted for- one paid admission, plusthe war tax. Douglas Fairbanks in"Headin" South;" King Baggot andMarguerite Snow in fourteenth episode of "The Eagles Eye."To-morrow, Saturday, June 15The Fox Kiddies in a gorgeous picturization of "The Babes in TheWoods;" "The Last Raid of ZepplinL-21," vizualizing for the first timeon the screen the actual destructionof an invading enemy airship; alsoFox film Comedy, "Bing Bang."Monday, June 17 Billie Burke, in"Let's Get a Divorce," adapted byJohn Emerson and Anita Loos; alsoa Sunshine Comedy, "Hungry LionsIn a Hospital."CONGRESSMAN CANTRILL PILESNOTIFICATION OF CANDIDACYCongressman J. Campbell Cantrillfiled with the Secretary of State,Wednesday, notification and declaration papers of his candidacy. He willhave no opposition in the primaryand possibly none in the final election, though some Republican leaders are advocating the nomination ofa candidate.PUBLIC SALE OP SEVENTHRESIDENCE.ST.Several auto drivers who plungerecklessly through the streets ofParis seem to take especial delightin making all the noise they can,leaving their muffler cut-outs wideopen, and making a noise that hasbeen cojmpared by one really madParis citizen, like "a bat out ofHades!" What do they care aboutsuch" a little affair as a city ordinance prohibiting same!THE NEWS cals the attention ofthe city authorities to the fact thatthe ordinance is being flagrantly violated day and night. Drivers of automobiles seem to take particular delight in flying through the streetwith the mufflers of thier machineswide open, resulting in noise asdisagreeable and ear-splitting as it isunnecessary. There is constantcomplaint. The people want protection, and they are entitled to have it.A few arrests would stop the practice. There should be protection to audiences at public speakings, at thechurches and other places wherequiet should obtain, but the insufferable nuisance of "getting a start"often detracts from the pleasure ofthose who have gone to places of thischaracter. Let's have this nuisanceabated. In many cases it is purecussedness, in others carelessness, andin nearly all of them unnecessary.fe 1 Si -SPRING LAMBHome-killed Spring Lamb first ofthe season, 40 and 50 cents perpound. Order early, as it will gofast.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)Furniture Wanted.We pay the highest cash price forsecond-hand furniture, refrigerators,carpets, etc.THE ARK,(14-3t) Cumb. Phone 780.The FairTHESESPECIALS POR SATURDAY ONLY.A number of items purchased sometime ago, that cannot be duplicatedTor some time to come:Wash Boards, Household size forwashing, laces and small pieces,each 15c; All .Metal Mail Boxes, 15c;Aluminum Cups, Pint size, 15c;Heavy Steel Dish Pans, 17-pt-size,each 69c; Jelly Glasses, each 5c;Sanitary Towels, Clean and Absorbant, 150 towels in a package, at 19c;High' Class Toilet Paper, 5c a roll;Fine and Better Quality, about 2,000sheets in a roll at 15c a roll; Matchesa Box, 5c; White Threaded CottonMops at 39c; Fly Paper, 4 sheets for5c; All Silk Ribbons, all colors, from4 inches to 5V inches wide, 10ca yard; Granite Iron Coffee Pots,some slightly chipped, 1 and 2 qt.sizes, choice 20c. A big saving inwindow shades and wall paper.THE FAIR.EARLY CLOSING AGAINThe question of early closing ofbusiness houses during the summerMonths is again to come to the forefront, as a part of the nation-wideconservation program. And it wouldbe a wise move on the part-bf employers. .. 'The proposition has been madesuggesting that until the approachof cooler weather, Paris business'houses should close at 5:30 .oh achafternoon, except Saturday. "Thisould give the employes aychance toutilize their spare moments 'to raise"ar gardens and perform other patriotic work. It would also be-the meansof effecting a great savings in light("nd power where either ;gas, electricity or steam is the propelling force.The same-schedule has been adopted in the East and is to' continue-forthe duration of the .war, howeverlong that mav he. It has been figured that the earlv-closing schedule 1 thiswill be one of the greatest conservation forces in the field.- One scientist stated that had such a schedule"been adopted last seaspn and carriedout all-over the country, the heatless'Mondays could have been avoided.Having decided to leave Paris, Ioffer at public auction my residenceon Seventh street. Sale Saturday at2 p. m., June 15. Practically newframe house with 8 rooms, pantry,bath complete, gas and water, yard,garden, fruit trees, etc. Lot 60x305feet.For particulars, see Harris &.Speakes.(7-14) , ' T. A. HENDRICKS.A HINT TO THE WISE.Conserve, save and lend yourmoney to the Government, is whatwe see and hear on every side. Theprice of staple merchandise is soaringskyward every day. It will be higherand higher. A suggestion as to howyou can save money: Harry Simonis closing out his business in Parisand in the future going to devote allhis time to his Lexingtonstore. Hisbuilding, stock and fixtures are forsale. The entire stock of Ladies'Ready-to-Wear Millinery and DryGoods must be sold at once. This isa rare chance for those who are inneed of such things to buy now, forthey will be higher later on.. Thestore has been closed ior tne pastthree, days in order to mark downthe goods so they will go readily atthe prices marked on them in plainfigures. As an illustration of whatyou can save and invest in WarStamps if you purchase a suit thatwas formerly priced at $40.00, yousave $12.50, as they are now markedat $27.50 and this great reductionholds good on every article offered inbig closing outli'f""" f MimHsale. The saleopened yesterday at nine o'clock witha big rush. Take advantage of thissale and not only, buy what, you neednow, but lay in' supplies for the Falland Winter it will be the best investment you can make; (It)The DrawerDevice HasBeen Perfectedto so convenient a degreethat when you open it upit virtually hands you therecord you desire. It canbe absolutely relied uponto prevent scratching andwarping, and its use insuresperfect preservation of therecords entrusted to itscare.Extraordinary Announcement!ummmEntire Stock of Ladies' Ready-To-Wear, Millinery and Dry GoodsMust Be Sold At Once.Everything Must Go ! Building and All Fixtures For Sale ISale Now Going On !Suits and CoatsFrom the Cheapest to thebest. They all must so. Thisseason's choicest Suits andCoats.Regular $25.00 Suits and Coats $17.50Regular $30.00 Suits and Coats $22.50Regular $35.00 Suits and Coats $24.25Regular '$40.00 Suits and Coats $27.50DressesWe have a beautiful line ofdresses that must be soldand we have marked themat prices within reach of everybody.Si Pomilnr fc9n HTI TV- 4- Cll TCI Regular $25.00 Dresses at $16.981 Regular $30.00 Dresses at. ..$19.75I Regular $35.00 Dresses at .$24.75We Have Many OtherSpecialsToo NumerousTo MentionMillineryOne Lot of Values up ."to $5.00Trimmed Hats, your choice $150 BjOne Lot of Values up to $7.50Trimmed Hats, your choice $3.50Silk and Woolen Skirts$$7.50 yalues at.$10.00 values at$12.50 values at$15.00 values at5987.9S9.9812.50I-XuWhite Wash Skirts$3.00 values at.$5.00 values at.$6.00 values at.$7.50 values at.$2.594,494.986.48Waists$10.00 Waists at.$7.50 Waists at..$6.00 Waists at..$5.00 Waists at. .$4.00 Waists at..$3.50 Waists at..$3.00 Waists at..$1.50 Waists at...$7.9S. 5.98. 4.98. 4.25. 3.29:. 2.98. 2.4898WkAll Goods Sold Eror Cash Nothing on Approval,turned or Exchanged.to be Re-HARRY SIMONfrsit'&PMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.I uii iiM ajm ant ,7Mi om 1MT flffli tiffltfiM j;nr mr 'iflr flnr riM tiM flnr :7wr "tmt jwi Ami ffli jjki iMt flmrjMi fiMt jtMf 'IJM MKT'Kmrvwrwm aMt'mmrmmmrmrr'Sf1 I-9 EhI im B1 I(' - If' ftr HmDaugherty Bros.Fifth and Main NE are showing the most extensiveIE3 and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON CO.T-v-.A-:vjj.tv$si I"nMiP'-V '4UFRIDAY, JVUJ.4, lSlfYlttKXTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.EverywhereYou can getyour bottle ofBEViERAThis is the drink that is goodfor everyone. Get your bottle today at any grocery,drug store, confectionery,soda fountain, restaurant orhotel.- The Isaac Leisy CompanyCleveland, O.Esterman-Verkamp Co., Distributors, Cincinnati, O.Telephone, Main 1313.1;iir 2fclSiLSjr,HJ .mX NONT -TWrrt-5T5JlTmOrHs Isaac LEisvCdJUEvE LAN D-RMOptometry'Means Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all styleslorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 620 Main StMARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetableFi&hand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.U. S. BUILDS 629 MERCHANT VESSELS IN ITVE MONTHS.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA kMHtifuI line r Garland en tfteitey. Ctnw In an leek them ever.Paris Gas & Electric Co.jgmtlTiiti)U-WASHINGTON, June 13. Thesteady growth of the American merchant marine in all classes of vesselswas revealed Saturday for the firsttime since the war began in statisticsfrom the Department of Commerce,showing that in the first five monthsof this year there have been builtin this countrv and numbered officially by the Bureau of Navigation a totalof 629 vessels, of 687,055 gross tons.The merchant fleet of the UnitedStates now airiounts approximately to10,000,000 cross tons, not including-merchant craft under control of thearmy and navy as transports and supply ships. At the beerinninsr of January, 26,742 vessels, of 9,343,224 grosstons, were flying the Stars and Stripeson trips across the Atlantic with foodand munitions, into the Caribbean andJfacinc with American products forforeign customers and on the lakesand rivers of this country as a partoi tne nation's domestic transportation system.This tremendous fleet is secondonly to the merchant tonnage ofGreat Britain. It includes nil thenew vessels built under the directionof the Shipping Board and thousandsof other ships, smaller in individualtonnage but ereater in aerea.ecarrying capacity, which play so largea pare m commerce and the maintenance of a favorable balance of trade.$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that scie-nne hnbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh beincrgreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio, Sold by all druggists, 75c.(adv-june)BOY SCOUTS -ENTERTAIN WITHLAWN FETE.The Boy Scouts of Paris entertained Monday evening with a lawn feteat the home of one of their members,Mr. Raymond Stamler, on South MainStreet.The attractive lawn was lightedwith Japanese lanterns, and cozyseats were arranged for the boys andtheir girl friends. Tables decoratedwith Summer flowers, were placedabout and refreshments of ices andcakes were served.Miss Mabel Templin contributed anumber of piano selections, and Mrs.Thos. K. Smith, Miss Rose Stamlerand Mrs. Harry Stamler acted aschaperones, directing the games andlooking after the comfort of theyoung guests.Scout-Master Thomas K. Smith waspresent throughout the evening, being actively interested in the enjoyment of his youthful friends.Those who enjoyed the charmingoccasion were :John Dundon, Zula Davis; SilasBedford, Jr., Zuma Stone; J. MillerDundon, Mildred Collier; GeorgeDundon, Isabella Talbott; Robt.Kirkpatrick, Christine McCord; CletisChipley, Edna Burnett; RaymondStamler, Nancy Young; Leslie O'Neil,Katie Howard; Wm. Burris, WillieSoper; Robert Frank, Josephine Fithian; Howard Roberts, Ann Duncan;Robt. Smith, Louise Letton; EugeneMoore, Lucinda Patton; Robt. Moore,Lucille Chipley; Wood Calvert,Frances Kenney; Yutaka Minakuchi,Elizabeth Stuart Carter; GeorgeRose, Lillian Day;. Chas. Kenney,Elizabeth Clark; James Quinn, Katherine Wallingford; Russell Lenox,Nellie Tingle; Jas. Rowland, RubyHouston ; Shelby Lusk, Louise Combs ;James Douglass, Josephine Leer (Millersburg) ; Willard Tucker, DorothyTingle; Foster Mitchell, MargaretGriffith ; Prescott Miller, VirginiaTingle; Albert Wright, Adrian Flanders, Johnie James, James Crump,Will G. McClintock, Jr., FerdinandNagle, Clarence Baldwin, JacobStern and Ussery Wilder.m mmLOCAL EPW0RTH LEAGUEELECTS NEW OFFICERSAt the regular devotional meeting of the Epworth League Sundaynight at the Methodist ChurchRev. G. R. Combs, pastor, installedthe newly elected officers for the ensuing year as follows:President Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Jr.Vice President Mr. Dennis V.Snapp.First Department SuperintedentMiss Gladys Snapp.Second Department SuperintendentMiss Lena Cooper.Third Department SuperintendentMrs. Luther Mclntire.Fourth Department SuperintendentMiss Sallie Rowland.Junior Superintendent Mrs. EddieCombs.Epworth Era Agent Miss MariamGalloway.Corresponding Secretary MissGladys Snapp.News Editor Mrs. Janie Current.Organist Miss Elizabeth Wheeler.At a recent meeting of the ParisChapter, Mr. Jesse Galloway and Mr.James Lail were elected members.Misses Elizabeth Wheeler, Ina Mat-tox and Vella Mastin were electeddelegates to the Ninth Annual Assembly of the Kentucky ConferenceEpworth League which convenes inHarrodsburg, Ky., June 25-28. TheParis Chapter paid its entire pledgeoi aao to the Annual Conference.Monday night.H8MsWlBEST IN THE1.0NG.., RUN mPUHffaeSfilmSHr If? irBw4HHBWmvilISTHE trench, which always encircled the Roman castra, or camp, was brought to France by Julius Caesarand used by him on the very battlefield where to-daythe Allies and the Huns have 25,000 miles of trenches.With rings of trenches, gradually drawn smaller,probably the first modern trench warfare, the Turks in1667 took Candia.Vauban, builder of Verdun, in 1673 employed thefirst parallel trenches, the system of the present war.Defeat, not foresight, turned the Germans to trenchwarfare. But Goodrich never had to dig in.Since twenty-two years ago Goodrich manufacturedthe first American pneumatic automobile tire, Goodrichhas driven ahead to the big, graceful, masterfulGOODRICHSSSfSKOJE TIREimmmmWmfu3kuJw . jTwher You S TfcafSjB ' Goodrich Ttna an ShJSBKSS Dor from CoodridHE Located EMBut whether Goodrich was revolutionizing tire manufacture by bringing forth the first American clinchertireOr originating the one practical non-skid, the crossbar, safety-tread, or tough black tread rubber .Goodrich built tires to one end-SERVlCE VALUEwhat they are worth to the motorist on his car andon the road in COMFORT of an easier riding careconomy in gasoline saved,-and LONG mileage.Small difference whether you buy GOODRICHSILVERTOWN CORDS, or BLACK SAFETYTREADS, you get service value tires.THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER CO.Cincinnati Branch: 1110 Race St., Cincinnati, OhioiiaflinSfcxWrywbrCede1G3i u 4SUBDUE BY SUBSTITUTIONPUBLISHERS URGE SUSPENSIONOF NEW ZONE SYSTEM.Suspension or the new zone system of increased second class postagerates until a year after the war wasurged at a conference of representatives of publishing associations andlabor leaders with the New YorkState delegation in Congress.John Adams Thayer, for the Periodical Publishers Association, saidthe zone plan, unless repealed or suspended, would defeat its own purposeof collecting additional revenue byputting thousands of magazines, periodicals and farm papers out of business and increasing the subscriptionprices of those that survive. Hesaid it would enlarge advertisingcost, deprive many advertisingagents, authors, artists and printersof their livilihood; tend to denationalize the country, and stifle t&egreat propaganda machine which hassupported the government in the war.He presented a memorial to Congresssigned by the editors of the principalAmerican periodicals against the zoneplan. tFrank Morrison, Secretary of theAmerican Federation of Labor, saidthat organization favored repeal ofthe postal zoneplan and other laborspokesmen made similar statements.SOLDIERS' MATT, BURNED WHILEIN TRANSIT.Communicatio-ns have been received here from the Postoffice Department at Washington, D. C, tothe effect that one hundred sacks ofmail for enlisted .men and officers whoare members of the Sixteenth andEighteenth U. S. Regulars of theFifth, Sixth and Seventh Artillery,had been destroyed by fire while intransit in France. The mail was ina movable postoffice. The PostofficeDepartment asked that the news begiven publicity in order that any relatives or friends of the men in thoseunits would know the cause for nothaving received answers from letterssent to soldiers in those units.As every one is affected by the war,so every one must help in every wayto win it. The Canadian Food Bulletin makes a good listing of ways inwhich substituting can aid. It putsthe matter this way:SubstituteService for sneers.Fish for beef or bacon.Co-operation for criticism;Production for pessimism.Performance for argument.Marketing for telephoning.Other meals for white flour.Conservation for conversation.Vegetable oils for animal fats.Perishable for preservable foods.Garden hoe for golf stick.Common sense for common gossip.Patriotic push for peevish purili-ties.HOW MRS. BOYDAVOIDED ANOPERATIONCanton, Ohio. "I suffered from afemale trouble which caused me muchsuffering, and twodoctors decidedthat I would haveto go through anoperation before Icould get well."My mother, whohad been helped byLydiaE. PinkhanvsVegetable Compound, advised meto try it before submitting to an operation. It relieved mefrom TT1V frnnWoabo I can do my house work without anydifficulty. I advise any woman who isafflicted: with female troubles to giveLydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound a trial and it will do as much forthem." Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 5thSt., N. E Canton, Ohio.Sometimes there are serious conditions where a hospital operation is theonly alternative, but on the other handbo many women have been cured by thisfamous root and herb remedy, Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, afterdoctors have said that an operation wiinecessary every woman who wantsto avoid an operation should give it afair trial before submitting to such atrying ordealmtf complications exist, write to LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mate.,for advice. The result of many yearsexperience is at your service.BOURBON COUNTY OBSERVES"BUY COAL EARLY" WEEK.Bourbon county people, generally,took time by the forelock, also theirpurses and check books by the throat,and made their purchases in "coalfutures" by laying in a supply forthe winter. Those who did not needthe black fuel for immediate purposes had their orders placed onthe books as reserve supply for thecoming of winter. Local coal dealers state they were unable to supplythe demand, but did the best theycould under the circumstances.The early buying program had agood effect in the early part of theweek, and the close of the week,which had been set aside by the fueladministrators came in for its shareof the hustle for coal. One reasonwhich aided as much as the patrioticappeal of the Fuel Administrationfor early buying of coal for domesticuses that the entire forces of production and shipment might be turnedtoward supplying the manufacturingplants of the Northern and EasternStates, was the anticipated rise inprices. Coal dealers are of the opinion that there will undoubtedly be adecided rise in prices of coal following the already announced rise infreight rates, as soon as this rate become effective.Mr. James H. Thompson, of Paris,Chairman of the Bourbon CountyBoard of Fuel Administration, is urging the people of the city and thecounty to heed the warning of theNational Fuel Administration, thatunless coal is purchased now for domestic use, consumers must take theirown chances of obtaining it later on.The members of the Fuel Administration in this county have expressedtheir belief that the early buyingprogram has had good results here,and that it will have the effect ofstimulating further purchases by thetardy ones during the summer. Bythis means it is hoped the coal famine which caused discomfort lastwinter, will not be repeated this winter. Mr. Thompson and his associates have faithfully used every meansat their conimand to drive "home toour people the absolute necessity oflaying in stocks of coal for eitherpresent or future delivery, and theyfeel satisfied they have done theirbest.IS fe feWHAT'S THE USE?'J7:':''m mIIEditor Jim Allen, in the CynthianaDemocrat, says: ."Wm. Ficklen, 92 years old, bachelor, .died at Paris, leaving a will inwhich he expressed the desire thathis funeral should be held at theopera house and a brass bs,nd playing -national airs should escort hisbody to the grave. But his relativeshad him buried quietly with briefservices at the grave. Which goes toshow that a bachelor cannot havewhat .he wants either in life or indeath." What's the use?"m i mButte, Mont., is paved with oreonce regarded as practically valueless, but now worth $32 a ton.j f5 ?B WlSome California timber has, been,found to- be particularly suited forthe manufacture of artificial silk.If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents f or the Laurel Furnace.None betterWe are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYi?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.;.fce p.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main Streets131i"VvTTRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1918THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGX SETDfLATONIA DgRBY JIEJCBIgp.TANT TURF EVENT." ".aiJjL liQAtMA'SJ'amtxiiwi m a-LMHa. v -djiBKjj-'9IVUr'?.NRORMiCKBINDERSPLENTY OFBINDERTWINESee Us For All Kinds ofFarm Machinery"Supplies andC. S. BALL GARAGECor.9, Fourth and Pleasant St.Witli the Kentucky Handicap ajmatter of history, the attention, ofwestern turfmen is now turning tothe Latonia Derby, which great $15,000 race for three-year-olds is to runat "Fair Latonia") on Saturday,June 22.This will be the third and last ofthe three outstanding events of Kentucky spring racing. And it will byno means be the last.The star three-year-olds of the season will be tried by this race, withits stamina testing distance of onemile and one-half, as in no othercontest in which they will engageduring the whole season., It is coming to be recognized that the Latonia Derby is in a class by itself as acontest for three-year-olds and eachpassing year finds the owners of highclass three-year-olds more and moredesirous of winning this classic ofthe western turf.For this year's running of the Latonia Derby, there are sixty-eighteligibles, including ttie cream of thegood three-year-olds that have beenprominance. Two weeks in advance ofAmong the candidates for this race,which has been run uninterruptedlysince 1883, are such stars of the turfas Kenneth. Alexander's Escoba,George J. Long's Freecutter, GallaherBros.' Sewell Combs, Willis SharpeKilmer's Exterminator and Sun Briar, G. W. Loft's Papp, T. C. McDowell's American Eagle, Wm. Martin'sSunny Slope, Andrew Miller's Recount, John W. Clark's James T.Clark and others of scarcely lessproinence. Two weeks in advance ofthe running of this great race it certainly looks as though it will furnish a notable contest and perhapsas notable a struggle as has been inall the history of this big event ofthe Western turf.NEW RULING MADE ON THE USEOF SUGAR.ADVANCED PASSENGER RATESIN EFFECT.CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 13.Promptly at midnight, Sunday, ticketsellers at the Grand Central andPennsylvania Railroad depots beganselling passenger tickets at the advanced rate of three cents a mile, inkeeping with the recent order of Director General of Railroads W. G.McAdoo.For the past few days, tickets todistant points have been sold in exceptionally large numbers by cityCAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPprompt and Courteous AttentionPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Twin Bros.Department StoreDon't Fail To Attend TheBigCash -RaisingSaleNow OnEverything ReducedDry GoodsReady-To-WearMillinery and ShoesWatch For TheBlue SignsTwin Bros.vDepartment Storeticket offices of Cincinnati initiallines and at the depot offices. Apparently, a great many Cincinnatianswere hurrying to take advantage ofthe old rates and through travel wasreported as being heavy in all sections of the country.Ticket sellers early Monday morning reported two or three persons whoremonstrated at the increased farescharged but said that most travelersunderstood about the new prices andpaid the extra money with a grin, adding they hoped that it would helpwin the war.According to the ticket sellers, thepublic seemed to consider the advancein prices as quite the proper thingand the only comment was in theway of cheerful pleasantries. Onewoman purchaser said she hoped theextra money would go to the fightingmarines, because they were doingsuch wonderful work in France.General Passenger Agent D. M.Bowman, of the Big Four, and Chairman of the joint city ticket officecommittee in Cincinnati, said Sundaynight that there was no estimatingthe effect the advanced rates wouldhave on travel."We simply have no precedent togo by, and, apparently, the only wayarp ran find out the effects of the ad-'vance will be through actual expertiience. rassenger men nave tauceajwith a great many people who sayI they are going to take their vacationsithis vear. but. of course, there area great many people passenger mendo not see and talk with. I really donot know how to give any estimate,approximate or othewise, and it isgenerally agreed that any speculation along that line right now wouldbe mere guess work."Passengers who were en route lastnight on tickets purchased at the oldrates were allowed to finish theirjourney without paying any excessfare, but this prevented any stopover privileges. Return trip ticketssold at the old rates were also honored, as these tickets were sold according to the passenger tariff rates ineffect at the time oi purcnase. wnnemileage tickets were not honored, unused mileage will be redeemed.Rates for iPullman sleepers andchair cars were advanced and Pullman representatives, like passengerofficials, said they could not estimatewhat the effect would be on futuretravel.Ticket office receipts will be watched with great interest for the nextf pw weeks. While there are some whoi believe a decided decrease in passenger travel win oe tne result in advanced fares, the great majority aret nm'ninn Viq4- nannla VlQVO TlPTI'f'.Vof money and will continue to take'their vacations as usual and that therevenues of Uncle Sam will be greatly increased. These passenger men'are of the opinion that if the Government wants to curtail passengertravel far more radical measures willbe required than the mere advancingof rates a fraction of a cent a mile.fe fe 'I The straight line is an abomination to the Chinese. They endeavorto avoid it in their streets and buildings, and ave banished it completelywhere country field paths are concerned.According to information receivedlecently by Mr. Lawience Mitchell,of North Middletown, Food Administrator for Bourbon county, threepounds of sugar a month for eachperson in the United States is thelatest declaration of the NationalFood Administration, and one whichit is expected will be strictly adhered to. According to their new ruling each person will be alloweddaily one and one-half ounces ofsugar.The new sugar regulation is muchmore stringent than the previous, one,in which each person was allowedfour ounces of sugar daily. vTheUnited States administration is saidto have contracted for a large amountof sugar from Cuba, but has been un-'able to secure its transportation tothis country because of the congestedcondition of shipping. The sugarshortage this winter promises to beeven more serious than the pastwinter.-a 1 Ki-UNCEASING MISERYSome Paris Kidney Sufferers Get Little Rest or Comfort.There is little sleep, little rest, little peace for many a sufferer fromkidney trouble. Life is one continual round of pain. You can't rest atnight when there's kidney backache.You suffer twinges and "stabs" ofpain, annoying urinary disorders,lameness and nervousness. You can'tbe comfortable at work with dartingpains and blinding dizzy spells. Neglect these ailments and serioustroubles may follow. Begin usingDoan's Kidney Pills at the first signof disorder. Thousands have testified to their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and- have beengreatly benefited. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too frequently,making me get up often at night. Ihave used a box of Doan's KidneyPills at those times and they havealways rid me of the complaint. Ithink they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for aikdney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)LOOK OUT FOR POISON IVY NOWThis is the season of the yearwhen the presence of poison ivy isvery apparent in the city and county.Several cases of ivy poisoning havebeen heard of in the city. The poisonivy leaf is an inoffensive, harmlesslooking thing, but woe betide the unlucky individual who comes in contact with it.The danger from poison ivy vines,which have been found growing invarious sections of the city andcounty, and which have caused considerable inconvenience to personswill prove to be slight if the properprecaution is observed don't touchthem.A NEWS subscriber gives as aconvenient remedy the following:The milk out of milk weed, any kindof milk weed will do, even wild lettuce, but the old-fashioned weed isbetter and stronger. It will give anaccount of itself as soon as applied.Black powder mixed in cream is alsoa cure, as is sugar of lead.nited States Tiresare Good TiresNow is the Time to Make Your TireBuying a Business PropositionNow, in this time of war, it ismore necessary than ever to buytires for permanent economyHundreds of thousands of motorists have found that business judgment in tire-buying leads straight toUnited States Tires.The phenomenal growthof United States Tire Sales ispositive proof of this fact.The unusually high qualityof United States tires hasmade them easily the most populartires amc lg owners of the biggestselling light cars.The same quality is built into allUnited States Tires into the smallsizes as well as the larger sizes forheavier cars.Select the United StatesTire that fits your particularneeds. Our Sales and Service Depot dealer will gladlyhelp you. Then stick to it.We know United States Tires are good tires. That's why we sell them.Ira Parks & Sons Paris, Ky.Millersburg Hardware Co Millersburg, Ky.J. W. Mitchell & Son North Middletown, Ky.WHAT IF THIS SHOULD HAPPENHERE?Wheat flour was issued by S. D.Hanley, local food administrator, ona physician's prescription, at Dallas,Texas, last week. Texas for the lasttwo months voluntarily has foregonethe use of any wheat. Hanley received a letter from a physician asking him to permit the sale of flourto a patient with pernicious anaemia for whom the flour was needed.An order for the sale of 12 poundswas issued.Professional Cards.WM GRANNANAttorncy-at-LiwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.A Pittsfield (Mass.) man dug outof his garden all the flowers that had"kaiser" handle to their name oranything that smacked of the terribleTeuton.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENT. RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376: a zr . m :GEO. W. DAVISPUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KiI!KThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. , West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiiafactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethatyou are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.. A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phonf 40 Home Phone 169 2(IMI t3Lt-V-. V .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.lCrE EIGHTFRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1S18tf I n M H H ( ! WH ! HII4III1HHcr,rs THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOT-A T114MipHI': The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.ZitiMainand IxthStreetsDay phone 36INisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Jiearse used for funeral purposes only.It 1 1 II 1 t t I !'! A''yi''y'l'a''V'l'i'Vi4'i'MILLERSBURG- !SPEARS MLL.Mrs. Paul M. Kurtz is a guest offriends in Cincinnati.Mr. Harry Wells and familyhave returned from a visit to Mr. andDr. C C. Fisher attended Dis- j Mrs. John Wells,tridt Conference of the M. E. Church, j Miss Hallie Hudnall was a guestSouth, at Danville, Wednesday and i ol her sister, Mrs. William Clough,Thursday. in Paris, several days this week." Mrs. J. D. Calhoun and little- -daughter, Miss Elizabeth Dimmet-Calhoun, left Wednesday for a visit" o relatives at Ringo, Ga.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best enter-tained a few friends Monday eveningin honor of Miss Lucy Jones andMr. J. C. Hudnall, Mrs. WillieD. Wagoner and Mr. Russell Wagoner, who -have been on the sick list,are improving.Mr. and Mrs. Hanson Blountwere recent guests of Mr. Blount'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Blount,-Capt. Frank Davis, who were married I at North Middletown.'Tuesday.Mrs. Kenton Maffett and little"daughter, of Peoria, 111., arrived Saturday as guests of her parents, Mr.tnd Mrs. James Howard.Mr. Strother Harney has returned from Berea College, to spend thevacation at home with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Harney.Miss Elizabeth Hudnall, who isDr. Kerr Boyce Tupper will de- i attending State Normal School atT liver a patriotic lecture at the Meth-odist church, at 8:15 a. m. to-day."Public cordially invited to attend.ILecture free. Let everybody come.Dr. Tupper is well known here, andTieeds no words of commendation.Evangelist Elder Crayton Brooks"wili conduct union seryices at Millersburg Christian church, Sunday,Richmond, passed a first-class examination, and will return home to-dayto spend her vacation.Private Will Hill, who is stationed at Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville, has returned to thecamp after a visit to his uncle andaunt, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mitchell.Crops in this section are allFriday, June 14thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Artcraft Pictures Corporation PresentsDouglas Fairbanksin one of his latest successes"HEADIN' SOUTH"King Baggott and Marguerite Snow Inthe 14th episode of'THE EAGLE'S EYE9,Saturday, June 15thWilliam Fox Presents theFox Kiddies in'The Babes in the Woods'a gorgeous picturization for old and young"Last Raid of Zeppelin L-21"visualizing for the first time on any screenthe actual destruction of an invadingenemy airship.ALSOFox Film, Comedy, "Ring Bang"Monday, June 16thAdolph Zukor PresentsBillie BurkeINuLet's Get a Divorce"Adapted by John Emerson and AnitaLoos.Also Sunshine Comedy"Hungry Lions in a Hospital"PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc..MATRIMONIAL.WASH NOEL.Friends of the bride in this" cityhave just learned of the wedding inFrankfort, on May 27, of Miss EllaWash and Mr. Silas Noel, Jr., both ofFrankfort.The bride is a handsome young wo.man, who attended Bourbon Collegem this city several years ago, Shehas been a frequent guest of MissElise Varden, in Paris, and has ahost of acquaintances here who willdoubtless be surprised to learn of thewedding. The groom is a well-knownyoung business man of Frankfort.MYALL HUFFMAN.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Johnson, ofMillersburg, announce the engagement of their niece, Miss Louise Myall, to Lieutenant George RichardHuffman, also of Millersburg, butnow stationed at Camp Grant, Rockford, Illinois. The wedding will takeplace the latter part of June.Miss Myall is a daughter of-, thelate Mr. Edward Myall, of Paris, anda niece of Mr. Williani Myall, of theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo., of Paris. She has been attendingMillersburg College for seveial terms.Services were conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, of the Paris Christianchurch.The funeral followed on the family lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thepall-bearers were Dr. F. P. Campbell, Geo. W. Judy, Dan Jordan, C. L.Bell, Frank Burton and Dr. J. T.Brown.Mrs. Sidener was the widow of Mr.Frank Sidener, a pioneer resident ofParis. She resided for years at theold Sidener home on South Mainstreet, opposite the old Fair Grounds.Following the death of her husband, in 1904, Mrs. Sidener anddaughter, now Mrs. James H. Moreland, moved to the cottage at thecorner of High and Twelfth Street,and then to their present home onPleasant street. Mrs. Sidener wasa member of the Paris Christianchurch, having become identifiedwith the congregation in her youth.-at 7:30 p. m. Elder Brooks is an , looking very well. Wheat and corn--able speaker, and has been here sev-- ral times recently. Let everybodyhear him. He is scheduled to conducta protracted meeting at the Christianchurch here in October.Dr. Kerr Boyce Tupper, of Philadelphia, who delivered the com-especially, are doing very nicely.Nearly every one is through settingout their tobacco. Labor scarce anddemanding and receiving high wages.A two-weeks' protracted meeting will begin Sunday at the SpearsMill Baptist church, conducted byraencement sermon to the M. C. grad- Rev. White, pastor of the church, as-' xiating class of 1918, has been en- sisted by Rev. Ernest Mangum, forgaged to deliver a patriotic address j mer pastor. The first service will bein Millersburg to-day, Friday, June .held Sunday morning at eleven14. The address will be delivered in . o'clock. Everybody is cordially in-the Methodist church at 8:15 p. m. .vited to attend these services.to-night. Dr. Tupper comes back toKentucky under the auspices of theUnited States Government, to deliver seventeen patriotic addresses ini "the State. Millersburg is indeed for-tunate in being selected ,as one oft these. Dr. Tupper is a really bigt inan, big of brain and a forceful, elo-nquent orator. All who go to heariclnm will be 'amply rewarded.The wadding of Miss Lucy Fleet-"Jones to Capt. Frank Davis, of the1SL Ttf. I. was solemnized Tuesday-morning at the Methodist church,Dr. C..C. Fisher, president of the M.t O., officiating. The church was beau-- -tifully decorated in June lilies, ferns: -knd white hydrangeas.Preceding the arrival of the wed-iiing party, a program of delightfulmusic was rendered by a sextettecomposed of Misses Mildred Bruce,ZMartha Smith, Virginia Shanklin,Ethel Fisher, Alfa Ball and StellaHurst, followed by violin solos byMiss Kleiser, with Miss Ethel Fisherat the piano, and a solo by Mrs.Ralph McCracken, of Lexington.The ushers were Messrs. EverettThomason, Garland Fisher, ClarenceWasson and J. Elgin Poole."Following the ceremony, Capt. andMrs. Davis, accompanied by Mr. andMrs. J. Elgin Poole, motored to Lexington, where a noon luncheon was-served at the Phoenix Hotel. Capt.and Mrs. Davis left over the C. & 0.for the former home of the groom,in Lima, New York, where they willr remain until September, when theywill come to Louisville to reside . Ther bride is a daughter of Mr. and -Mrs.--P. D.Jones, of this city, a graduateof M. C, and the Cincinnati Con--servatoryof Music: Capt. Davis hasbeen a member of the M. M. I. facul" ij for several years and is personallyvery popular.?a 13 1S-SPECIALIZED CLERKS URGENTLY NEEDED.RELIGIOUS. .The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian. 'church will meet withMrs. Newt. Mitchell next Monday 'af"ternoon at 4 o'clock.Services were held at the Kiser-"toa. school house Sunday by the Bour- (boa county Gospel Team, composedof W". T. Talbott, J. T. Tucker, Chas." P. Cook and Dr. D. S. Henry.. An-ter teani under the direction of-Mr. A. L. Boafright, conducted services l theCouirty Infirmary, in con--neetionwith the , "Flower MissionitD&y" exercises.Expert clerical work has a moreimportant place in the Government'swar organization than most peoplerealize. We all know that the warcan not be won in the trenches alone;that an effective establishment athome is vital to the success of thebiggest job ever undertaken by anyI nation; but the full extent to whichthe specialized clerk is needed isperhaps not generally understood.And it is in this class of work thatwomen have the best opportunity tobe of real service to the Governmentat this time.In the national capital alone thecivilian force increased from 30,000to nearly 80,000 during the firstyear of our participation in the war.Nine-tenths of the new employes areclerks of one kind or another andtypists are at work constantly in Government offices at Washington on thetons Of correspondence and recordsmade necessary by war preparationson a scale such as the world hasnever before known.General clerks, that is, those without a specialty, are not difficult toobtain even under present conditions,but the United States Civil ServiceCommission, charged with the dutyof recruiting the civil service to meetwar needs, is experiencing difficultyin obtaining a sufficient number ofapplications for many clerical positions which require special trainingor experience. There is an urgentcall for applicants foj the positioncof stenographer, typewriter, bookkeeper-typewriter,. clerk-bookkeeper,cost accountant, accounting and statistical clerk, statistician, clerkqualified in accounting, clerk qualified in business administration, indexand catalogue clerk, schedule clerk,passenger-rate clerk, blue-print fileclerk, and assistant to business manager. All of these positions are opento both men and women. Representatives of the Civil Service Commission at the post offices in all citiesare prepared to furnish definite information and application blanks.MORRIS STUART.The Indianapolis, Ind., DailyNews, of Monday has the followingnotice of the wedding in that citySunday night of Corporal John M.Stuart, of Paris, to Miss Bobbie Morris, formerly of Paris:"A military wedding at the Metropole hotel barracks added interest tothe festivities that marked the closeof the first vocational school for selective service men Sunday night,when Corporal John M. Stuart, ofFaris, Ky., and Miss Bobbie Morris,807 East Fourteenth - street, weremarried. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Frederick E.Webb, pastor of the College AvenueBaptist church, in the presence of anumber of the 437 men who are, attending the training school, officersof the barracks and relatives of thebride and bridegroom. The weddingmarch was played by Mrs. Clifford A.Gross, wife of the present commanding officer of the barracks, and thebride was presented by both her father and Lieutenant Miles, who wasofficer of the day. Corporal Stuart'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. George W.Stuart, of Paris, were present. Corporal Stuart is a nephew of Mrs, Albert S. Miller, of Crawfordsville.He will leave to-night with a detachment for Camp Hancock, Georgia."DEATHS.SNAPP.Sarah E. Snapp, aged one year,died of pneumonia, at 1:30 o'clockWednesday afternoon, at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. LeslieSnapp, on Lilleston avenue. Thefuneral was held yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis, of theParis Christian church.There are now 5,000 prisoners ofwar in England -working in agriculture and 1,400 more are to be emINSKO.Frank M. Insko, aged sixty-four,a former resident of Bourbon county,died at his home in Spencer county,recently of a complication of diseases. The body was taken to Robertson county for interment. Funeralservices were held in the old FosterChapel, followed by burial in theChapel graveyard near by.Mr. Insko resided for many yearsnear Millersburg, being engaged infarming. He is survived by his .widow and seven children.TURNER.The funeral of Mr. EdwardPayne Turner, whose death was recorded in Tuesday's issue, was heldat the family home, on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, Wednesdayafternoon at four o'clock. Serviceswere conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,of "the Paris Christian church. Theinterment followed on the family lotin the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Lee Stephenson, James B. Woodford, Luther K.Rice, Charlton Alexander, BucknerWfoodford, J. Quincy Ward, GeorgeK. Jones and Albert S. Thompson.The passing of Mr. Turner occasioned sincere regret on all sides. Hewas a man among men, one whom it'was a pleasure to know. His homewas the center of good cheer and hospitality, and he was always at hisbest when there was a group offriends at his table. He was a genuine lover of sports, and as such keptopen house for sportsmen in thechase or when fishing. He was allthat the term gentleman implies.Bourbon county loses a valuable citizen, and his- family a counsellor,guide and true friend.'PS Pa 1FOOD ADMINISTRATION ASKSPEOPLE TO CONSERVE POOD.To meet the needs of America andAllied armies and the civilian population of France, Great Britain andItaly the American people were asked by the Food Administration yesterday to place themselves on a limitedbeef allowance from now until nextSeptember 15.Householders were requested not"under any circumstances," to buymore than one and one quarterpounds of lean beef weekly, or onea.nd one half pounds, including thebone, for each person in the household. Hotels and restaurants were askedto serve boiled beef not more thantwo meals weekly, beef steak notmore than one meal weekly and roastbeef not more than one meal weekly."The demand for beef for our armies, the armies of the Allies andtheir civilian populations for thissummer" said the food administration's announcement, "are beyondour present surplus. On the otherhand we have enough increased supply of pork this summer to permiteconomical expansion in its use. It,therefore, will be a direct service toour armies and the Allies if our people will in some degree substitutefresh pork, bacon, ham and sausagefor beef products."The public will realize that thechanging conditions of productionirom season to season, the changingsituation in shipping, and, therefore,of the market available to the Alliesand the increasing demand for ourgrowing armies, with the fluctuatingsupply of local beef in France, allmake it impossible to determine policies for a long period in advance.We have recently asked for economyin all meat consumption; we wishnow to emphasize further reductionof beef, by the substitution of pork.It is anticipated that this programwill hold good until September 15and the co-operation of the public ismost earnestly requested."TO ELIMINATE STUDY OP GERMAN IflJjCHOOLS.At a meeting of the City Board ofEducation held yesterday afternoonaction was taken on the- propositionof eliminating the study of Germanin the Paris public schools. TheBoard by a practically unanimousvote decided to abandon the Teutoniclanguage as a study and substituteFranch or some other language study,t obe decided upon later on.ICE CREAM SUPPER.An ice cream supper will be givenat the Bethlehem church to-night. Asmall admission fee will be charged,the proceeds to be devoted to churchimprovement purposes. The publicis cordially invited to attend.151 IS! teWomen may serve in the navalreserve as telephone switchboardoperators, nurses and "yeomen" orclerical workers.GREAT REDUCTIONSIN SUMMER FOOTWEAR!INCLUDING WHITE SHOES AND PUMPSof every description, in most beautiful styles. Your per-x sonal inspection of ourMen's, Women's and Children's FootwearWill Convince you of theGreat Bargains we offer.Buy your Summer Footwear now.HAYES.The body of Mrs. Annie Hayes,aged forty-three, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, Wednesday morning of peritonitis, wastaken yesterday on the 10:13 L. &N. train to Berry, her former home,for interment.Mrs. Hayes was the wife of Mr.Edward Hayes, an employe of theXiouisville & Nashville, residing" onNineteenth street. She is survivedby four sister, Mrs. Cora Baker, Mfs.Elizt Estridge and Mrs. Ida A. Baufle,of Berea, and Mrs. Eva Hays, of Conway, and one brother, Mr. BertKayes, of Trimble, Nebraska.SIDENER.The funeral of Mrs. Mary M.Sidener, aged seventy-six, who diedTuesday evening at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. James H. Moreland,on Pleasant street, of the infirmitiesof age, was held at the residence yesterday afternoon at "three " o'clock, II V4 vEveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterLadies' most beautifulGray, Mahogany, Tan,Black . and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other fa-fi . muu mdKcs; at uaifiaiuJIIUC9.Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps &1 aqat $JLf3fLadies' Mahogany Tan Colonette do jqPumps '. $0ituLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords 49 aqat $&&Ladies' White and Grey Kid do jaPumps OmitULadies White Canvas Pumps dji jaMen's White Canvas Oxfords 1 qqMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o j'aOxfords, good makes: $0,417Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and r aaOxfords, Walk-Over $hUUMen's Gun Metal Button tO AQand Lace Shoes $Z.4"Boys' Gun Metal Lace and -1 aaButton Shoes $ 1 ""Men's Tan Scouts o o jat $2.Z4DAN COHEN: Where Beauty and EconomyfReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreIM.