Mr-fV . "S'iu-A-i-Vf BBCr-J.-&vTTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.r-vrVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1918LREGISTRANTS TINDER PHYSLCAL EXAMINATION AT PARISThe Bourbon County Board of Exemption, composed of ChairmanCharles A. McMillan, County ClerkPearce Paton and Dr. Silas Evans,with Miss Grace Haskins as clerkand office assistant, has been verybusy at the court house all thisweek with men in the selectivedraft.Physical examination of the menhas been conducted by Dr. SilasEvans, medical examiner, and alarge number of registrants returned as physicallyfitwhile a smallper cent, of the number went intothe physically unfit class. The following is a list of the nien declaredphysically fit, up to and includingyesterday:Orville Lee Britton., Samuel Biddle.Clarence HendersonWilliam Huff.Allle Carr.M. C. Meymon.John Hampton.Prank H. Parker.John Wesley Taylor.William Fields.John Hall.Albert Frederick.Martin Turner.Lewis -Kellis.Louie Griney.Henry Myers.Clark W. Thomas.Roy Watts.Charles Boyd.Raymond Myers.Joe Baker.Moses Buford Sparks.Charles R. Bland.Isaiah Doweny.Adam Dudley.Dennis Allen.Perry Thomas.'William Letton.Ollie Carter.Ulysses G. Munday.Leo Chinn.Will Barton.Franklin Johnson.William Hogue, Jr.John Q. Kellis.Julius Talbott..John B. Ardery.Charlie Howard.Albert Patterson.William Horace Mitchell.Robert Ernest Crombie."Will Stanley.William Williams.Russell T. Stephens.Jesse Grover Filler.Offutt Spears.Owen Turner Gibson. .Barnes Wilson.,Robert Barton."Washington Holmes.'Thompson Parker."Rodney Weathers Martin.-Jolin Jackson..John Adams Mucker.Harry Leeds."Victor M. Williams.Lee Kerr.Ben Hillman.Joe Mitchell Keller.Frank Taylor.rOscar N. Johnson."Virgil Peterson.IReuben Lee Clinkenbeard.Alonzo Brown.Rufus P. Johnson.Felix Hicklan.Charles Bernard McCarthy.Grant Crooks.Allen Mason.Charlie Ed. Mason.Robert Henry Miller Madden-John Mack Miller.-Jesse Richardson.Alfred Biddle.Arthur Adair.Charles Wm. CurtisStanley Walker Shrout.Jim Mahorney.Ben Harrison Brown.Frank Clay Redmon. ,Hiram W. Beeding.-Charlton A. Clay.F31der-G. Wheeler.James VanMeter. JJoseph Small.Itfartin Clark White.Albert P. Johnson.George Kellis.Cleve Lewis.Israel Evans.Frank Dukes.John Webb.William Clay.Charles Harrison HugTiesEugene Ball.Isaac Eurove.David Freeman JohnsonHerman Barlow.Thomas Liter.Leland Hudson Barnes.Ezra Clay Elmore.Garrett Jackson.Arthur Fisher.Eldred Burns RichardSherman R. Snapp.Hathoway French.Cecil Snapp.Richard M. Kirby.Mike Blake.Frederick Edwin Miller,William R. Johnson.Herman Hill.Frank Scott.Stone Parker.Noah Porter.William Lawrence.French Clay.Sam Smith.Edward Williams Baker,Matthew Allen Henry.James Hall Williams.Henry Metzger.Harry Thomas.George Henry Thomas.John Scott.Clarence Kellis.Ben Franklin Parker.Homer Nutter.Henry Gaines.J. Scott Woodford. ,Johri Harmon Turner. -jrr- jvndew Sharp, aRaymond Willie Mack.'George Lewis Glenn . .APPARENTLY UNPROVOKEDSHOOTING MAY RESULTEATALLY.Oscar N. Johnson, Louisville &Nashville brakeman, is in the Parisjail, and Walter A. Rice, also anemploye of that road, is in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,as a combination of circumstanceswhich culminated in Johnson shooting Rice twice at the restaurant otAhearn & Burton, at the corner ofPleasant and Tenth streets, Tuesdaynight.According to the statements ofbystanders the shooting was entirely without provocation on the partof the victim, and no reason has yetbeen assigned by the gun-user. According to these statements Ricehad been eating a luncheon in therestaurant, where he was a regularcustomer, and had been talking to atraveling man, when Johnson camein, and walking in Rice's direction,drew a revolver, and fired two shotsat Rice, remarking, "Uncle Sam willget me anyway, to-morrow." Oneof the shots took effect in Rice'sright lung, passing through andlodging in the coat of a bystander,but doing no further injury. Thesecond shot struck Rice above theleft hip and ranged through the intestines. Rice had spoken no wordto his assailant during that timeor upon seeing him in the restaurant and had made no move towardhim. Johnson was disarmed by Mr.Frank Burton, and the police werenotified of the shooting. Davis' ambulance was called and the woundedman taken to the Massie MemorialHospital.Upon leaving the restaurant Johnson walked down Main street,where he wuas placed under arrestby Chief of Police Link, who wason his way to the scene. He wastaken to the jail. Johnson made nostatement regarding the shooting.At the hospital Drs. Charles G.Daugherty and J. A. Orr made anexamination of the wounded man,and decided that an operation wouldbe necessary, which was performed.Rice was fully conscious before theoperation, and made" a will leavinghis estate to his bride of less thana year. At the hospital yesterdayit was stated there was a chance forhis recovery, though slight.Johnson has been a resident ofParis several years, coming herefrom Berea. He was included inthe list of drafted men who werecalled for physical examination before the Bourbon County Board ofExemption, Wednesday, which probably gave rise to his remark in therestaurant before the shooting.Shortly before the shooting Ric?and Johnson were seen engaged inan apparently friendly conversationand parted without any signs of impending trouble. Both men aremembers of the Masonic order.Charlie Happy.Floyd Lanter.The following sixty-one youngmen have been notified to appear before the Board to-day (Friday) forphysical examination for the armyservice:Frank Brothers.George Goff.Ike Holman.Orville Webb Mains. ,Jim Thornton.Bennett Bean Young.Richard English.Alva M. Barnett.Eli Friedman.Walter Hobert Case.Selby Biddle.William Lee Livers. "Land Thomas. "Martin Stephen Glenn.Clarence Willis.William Washington.Ed. Victor.George Henry Brown.Otis Coldiron.Russell Igo.Frank Lapsley Haskins. ,Sidney E. Ormes.Matt Adams.Warren Anderson.John McKee Johnson.William Edward Mitchell.Simon Offutt Buchanon. .Willie Lee Edwards, Jr.Richard Henry Jackson.Jesse Beckett.Wilburn Crump.James Lewis Thomas.Edward Thomas Jefferson.John Q. Livengood.Charlie Hollin.James T. Ingram.Thomas Nichols.James Collier.Harry Green.Dudley Davis.William Russell Blount. ,Lawrence Price.Charles Johnson.Augustus Howard.Will Cross.Roy Galloway.Nelson Patterson.William Patterson.James M. O'Connell.Robert Hall.Charles Weaver.Frank Dumphard.John A. McNamara.George Henry Franklin.Leslie B. Fitzpatrick.Charles Ranson.Joe Hill.William P. Peddicord. '-Walter Veach. J. Willis Keith. t :Rolla Heltkenstine. .THE TOBACCO MARKETS.XBlocked sales were held on theParis market Wednesday, the offerings being left over from the salesof the previous day. The weed onthis sale contained a large per cent,of nondescript tobacco, but severalcrop lots of good tobacco helped tobring up grade prices.The sales began at the Independent House, which disposed of 143,100 pounds. Some of the crop averages were as follows:W. O. Florence, 2,585 pounds; av-icrage ?27.89.May & Rose, 2,485 pounds, average $33.08.J. H. Barnes, 4,140 pounds; average $34.29.Clarke & Young, 2,940 pounds;average $36.02.J. W. Carr & Son, 1,635 pounds;average $33.91.Griffith Sisters, 1,985 pounds; average $30.91.E. D. Bell, 7,410 pounds, average$35.57.Grimes & Doyle, 3,110 pounds;average $31.83.Clarke Leer, 3,490 pounds; average $42.17.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold at the Paris Hous?86,825 pounds of tobacco for a flooraverage of $22.99, the crop of W.IH. Purdy heading the list with anaverage price of $35.61.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold yesterday 54,775 pounds of tobacco for $14,943.94, an average o?$27.63.The Quality of the day's sale wasonly medium. Market continuesstrong. Crop averages follow:Grant Galloway, 1,600 pounds:average $36.69.Isgrigg & Jones, 3,375 pounds;average $39.68.Burke, Brent & Napier, 7,005pounds; average $33.75.Talbott & Faries, $3,600 pounds;average $26.41.Woodford & Rankin, 3,615pounds; average $28.36.Marston & Lanter, 5,370 pounds;average $33.30.Wm. Hehe, 1,115 pounds; average $31.22.i Connell & Myers, 2,685 pounds;.average $32.62.The Independent House at the"sale yesterday disposed of a total of58,990 pounds of tobacco, whichmade an average of $29.04. Thequality of the offerings was fairlygood. Some of the crop 'averagesfollow:Arthur Hendricks, 2,110 pounds;WE KNOW MOWDo You Suffer WithCOLD FEET?If You Do, Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSole ShoesYour feet will never become cold and damp. There isno other shoe made that will give you 'the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. 'Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rests those aching feetand an invisible cork inner sole that keeps the dampnessfrom seeping in. Dr. Reed's Shoes are made m all stylesand sizes. Black Vici Kid and Calf Skin$9.00 PAIRThe Nettleton Shoe You All KnowMany customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year after year, and forthe man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shoes he isamong our satisfied shoe customers. Nettleton Shoes holdtheir shape, and no matter how long you wear them youwill find they hold their original shape until the last bit ofwear has left them.$12,00 and $12.50MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats Manhattan ShirtsDuofold Health UuderwtarPROHIBITION AMENDMENT ISPASSED BY THE HOUSE.Brushing aside all opposition janddisregarding all pleas for time, thedrys of the House of Representatives, Wednesday, passed the Statewide prohibition bill of Senator W.A. Frost, of Wingo, by a vote of 78to 11. The expected flight on thebill did not develop. The bill passed without debate.Under the terms of the bill,which has passed the Senate andnow becomes a law, the voters ofKentucky will have an opportunityat the November election In 1919 todetermine by ballot whether or notintoxicating liquors shall be banished from Kentucky after June 30,1920.a m mVICTORY BREAD BEING SERVEDIN PARIS.The making of "Victory" "breadhas already been commenced byParis bakeries, and the bread is being served at restaurants.At present they are using whatis called corn flour with the wheatflour. It is said that the ordinaryperson would not notice the changeas yet, but within a few days barleyand other grains will be added untilthe required 20 per cent, of othercereal is used. When this per centage is reached it is said that thebread will be considerably darker,but will be just as wholesome and ofas pleasing taste as the entire wheatbread.average $32.82.McCray & Berry man, 1,525pounds; average $27.45.J. W. Carr & Son, 1,930 pounds;average $31.30.Webber & Whalen, 1,930 pounds;average $29.66.Clark & Young, 4,070 pounds; average $33.80.Kenney & Whalen, 2,415 pounds;average $26.57.Leach & Barnett, 6,835 pounds:average $28.64.Thomason, Burris & Wagoner, 3,985 pounds; average $40.41.f TTT4--U..n T nrrrao JR. WllP-Vipa 1 --005. jwmnds; average 25.93."Highland & Blankenship, $22.50;.average $28.29.John Toohey & Son, 2,990 pounds;"average $36.35.Hildreth & Rose, 4,525 pounds;average $33.81.Geo. Link, 1,715 pounds; average. SS0.07.Houston Bros., 2,080 pounds; av-'erage $29.62.I (Continued on Page 6.)rSTATE POOD ADMINISTRATORINSTRUCTS LOCAL CHAIRMANState Food Administrator F. M.Sackett of Louisville, has forwarded the following important communication to Mr. John T. Collins, ufParis, Chairman of the BourbonCounty Federal Food Commission,as warranting immediate publication and the widest publicity, on account of the vital issues involved:therein :BULLETIN NO. 2."With reference to the fifty-fiffyplan to be imposed by the President's proclamation on Monday, the28th of January, the list of productsot be sold with wheat flour is as follows: Barley flour, buckwheatflour, corn flour, corn meal, cornstarch, corn grits, feterita floursand meals, hominy, oatpiealK potatoflour, rice flour, rice, rolled oats,soya bean flour, sweet potato flour."It is necessary that in every saleof wheat flour the purchaser shallbe required to take an equal amountof one or more of the substitutes.No other articles are to be allowedto be substituted."In insisting on these combinationsales, we are inclined to expect agood deal of trouble over insufficient amounts of these substitutes being on hand, owing to car shortageor failure to buy in supplies, andfor that reason, i. e. inability tohave supplies on hand, I authorizeyou to make any temporary necessary modifications of the percentageof the substitutes to be sold."You must, however, as promptlyas possible force the issue to thefull fifty-fifty, and pending thattime, in order to prevent hoarding,you should force the largest possible percentage of amounts of substitutes required to be taken."We should not add to the list ofsubstitutes. The flour situation hasbecome so acute that the Presidenthas found it necessary to put thiscoercion on the country by Executive Proclamation. Maintain therule of twenty-four pounds to towncustomers. ' "BULLETIN Np, 3."Pursuant to the rulings of the U,S. Food Administration published inthe daily press of January 27, andunder authority therein given, thereby declare that in the State ofKentucky, in addition to the twowheatless days Monday and Wednesday, there should be adopted bythe patriotic people of the Stateone wheatless meal on every day ofthe week, and that such meal shouldbe the evening meal, and I call uponour people to observe this as thewheatless meal in order that it maybe general throughout the State ofKentucky."Let there be no wheat productsserved in any home, hotel or restaurant at the evening meal on anyday, and let there be no wheat products served at any meal in anyhome, hotel or restaurant on Mondays or on "Wednesday. Let there beno meat served at any meal in anyhome, hotel or restaurant on Tuesdays, and in addition let there beno pork or hog products served inany home, hotel or restaurant onSaturday. Let there be one meal onevery day without meat. In makingthis request of the people of Kentucky, the Food Administration isnot unmindful that it is not onlysubversive of our home enditions oflife, but also that its fulfillmentwill entail some sacrifices upon ourpeople, but our people at home mustconsider the far greater sacrifices towhich the best of our youth andmanhood have freely offered themselves upon the battle-line, that ourhomes and our people shall be safefrom the ravishes of this war, tomake them stronger to save Libertyto keep America free. Must we axhome make our sacriffices?"Yours very truly,FRED M..SACKETT,"Federal Food Administrator .forKentucky."LIBERTY BOBS TJOT PAYMENTFOR TAXES.Internal Revenue Collector PercyHaley has received notice from Daniel C. Roper, Comnnssioner of Internal Revenue, at Washington, thatLiberty Bonds must not be accepted in payment for. taxes to the government. This, he says, is in directopposition to the policy of the department, and would practically defeat the aims of the revenue department. The order follows:"Correspondence reaching this office indicates that persons have beenerroneously advised that LibertyTxan Bonds will be accepted in payment of taxes due the United States."Liberty Loan Bonds cannot be accepted in payment of such taxes, andyou are requested to make this fact"known to the public by all 'available means. To accept thetse bond3for taxes would defeat x the evenueends: , ,'"DANIEL C. ROPER."Commissioner."MAYOR CONCERNED OVER TTOCOAL SHORTAGE.Deeply concerned over the fuelshortage in Paris and the countyMayor E. B. January, of Paris, inorder to arouse renewed interest inrelief work, has sent out a circularletter to the Mayors of the cities inCentral Kentucky asking thea toco-operate in bringing whateverpressure they can upon the Louisville & Nashville railroad authorities to help relieve the siutationTHE NEWS has been furnishedwith a copy of the Mayor's- letter,which is as follows:"Paris, Ky., January 29 1918"Dear Sir:"It having- occurred to me thatby co-operation of the arayors ofseveral cities similarly situated!and similarly located, we might beable to secure relief from the present, deplorable scarcity of coal in;our several communities, r am writing to you to ask if yovt would careto join in with several other Mayors in submitting a petition to, theKentucky Fuel Administrator atLouisville."As you doubtless know the railroad sidings along the Louisville &.Nashville are full of coal, and it Lssaid that there are several thousandcars of coal between the KentuckyI mines and Covington. The averagenumber of these cars so held duringthe past sixty or niety days is probably many hundreds."I understand that this coal hasbeen unable to move on account offthe connecting lines not being ablato take it from the Louisville &Nashville. I believe tnat it is eneirely practical for a large portioaof these cars to be unloaded at thevarious, stations on the L. & N.f returned to the mines, reloaded and:put back on these sidings for ship-ment beyond Cincinnati before anyshortage for such shipment had occurred. Such action would not onlyrelieve the citizens of the cities "vrorepresent, but would be of great assistance to the railroad, the minaowners ana the miners. ,"If you care to participate in aucKa movement, please communicatewith me at once."Yours Truly, ;"E. B. JANUARYS -"Mayorof Paris."CARD FROM COUNTY DIRECTORLIBRARY WAR COUNCIL. .Paris, Ky., Jan. 31, 1918.To the People of Paris and Bourbox.'County:As County Director of - the Kentucky Library War Council, I desire to thank those who have so generously responded to the call forbooks for the soldiers. We havesent from this community to CampZachary Taylor about 250 volume3which we are sure will be greatlyappreciated by the boys stationedthere.In this connection, I want to callattention to the placards which hav&been placed in the windows of numerous business houses, and to saythat we are still receiving book3.and will be very grateful for anjthat may yet be sent in.Very truly,MISS IMOGENE REDMON.MR. WALUS NOW NEW YORKPOLICE COMMISSIONER.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, of Parr;..Ky., and New York City, New York,has been appointed a member of th&New York City Police Commissionas Fourth Deputy Commissioner.The position carries an annualsalary of $6,000. Mr. Wallis willbe in charge of the Bureau of Sup-plies.Mr. Wallis is a son-in-law of Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr.,of Paris. He spends a part of thesummer on his farm near Austerlitz,which is a part of the Clay estate.He was for many years at the headof one of the large New York insurance companies, and was favorably mentioned at one time for thoposition of Commissioner of Insurance of the State of New York.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm$20,000 LOSS IN EIRE IN MOUNTAIN TOWN. lWhitesburg suffered a heavy firer"loss Wednesday when the R. N.Swisher Furniture store, the FelixFields building and the plant of .The Whitesburg Bottling Companywere burned. Only a small part otthe contents of the furniture storwere saved. The loss will approvi-mate $20,000, with only a smallpart of it covered by insurance.It is said a lighted paper which"came in contact with a can of gasoline in the basement of. the FelixFields building caused the fire.Firtf Wfnd ami LightningInsurant.f'?tA.-v " -.,-&-,"TXrvvuPAGE TWOHE BOURBON NEWSabllshed 188135 Yean of Continuous Publication.- bilshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.-'WIFT Cr:AMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the,character, standing or reputation of-amy person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEc BOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor--ceotedif brought to attention of thedlur.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlnch for first time; 50 cents per inch"each subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other-matter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.re. EDITORIAL MUSINGS.AJust Wait For The Thaw.'Cheer up, chilltm, tho'de weather';;' t mighty raw,'Ever time dere cum's a freeze, dere'sjr gotter cum athaw;Ittakes a little 'patiencetill defreezin time is done,An' ef you loses your temper, why,it doesn't lp- yuhnone.Cheer up, chillun, kase de weather'son de .move,"When de luck appears de hardest, itis certain to improve. ''Cold wave and 'warm wave, dey gotter mind de lawrEvertime yoh gits a freez you got-- ter have a thaw.Cheer up, chillun, an' prepare tosay "Hurrah!"De chilliest propersishun by and byis boun' ter thaw.Yuh hopes dey keeps a droppin'don't yoh let it make you frownThermometers wuz built fer movin'up, des de same ez down.ao,Wecheer up, chillun, kase yohsho'ly might ez well; ,all hez our troubles, an' dar'snuffin now ter. tell.' ,Every botheration seems about de' wust yoh ever saw,.y .But, ever time yoh gits a freezeyou's gotter have er thaw!In Retrospection.'After going through the throes of'.rall sorts of experiences caused by all- sorts of weather, our people would: be rather too exhausted to indulgein gaieties of any description, even" if such things had not gone entirelyout of style.The weather is the only topicupon which all are perfectly unitedfcand upon which no amount of critir-eism can be harmful. It is all un-mindful of objection, wonderment,"hysterics, expense, grumbling, dis-' couragement, passing right on towhatever state the wings of the"wind waft into being. Problemsin variety and most baffling and per-plexing have had to be studied out'by the dwellers in the city and-county. A cascade of ice along thaoverflow pipers of the roof in num-' bers of places in the city threatenedthe safety of passeibys several daysduring the thaw. One minute thehousekeeper would be -taking her-ease, talking pleasureably in herparlor or sitting room, and in atwinkling the water would comepouring through the roof and downrthe walls, and all would be messy" and gloomy and sloppy and uncomfortable generally. Then followedj;iey days, sleety days, zero days,''t frozen water pipes, and the JLordj;only knows what more could be ad-ded to make things more uncomfort--able.But Spring Is coming, nevertheless. It is on its way, and may beAxdelayed, hut it cannot be withheld.The. warm sunshine will finally be- a sure thing, and the buds and seedswill begin to stir into renewed life."Did that dozen eggs cost you eightyscents recently? Then be comfortedfor that, too, will be remedied, asI Afresh eggsare -one of the delights. of Spring jand are a- never-failingcommodity in that season.The Smileage campaign, in its-Traoriins, will "fee good for everybodyvwhile eing of special benefit1 t6"thesoldiers, as it suggests a cheerfuldemeanor in the midst of every adverse circumstance. Outside of theweather we must all go bravely onwith our keeping strictly to the letter of the law, and observing thefollowing precept: "It lies withevery individual to forbear fromcriticism; to refrain from passingon the vagrant and harmful story.and thus the more effectually co-joperate in work which is going tomean more than the majority of thepeople realize."No More White Flour.Under orders from the UnitedStates Government all the flour millsin the country have ceased the manufacture of high-grade patent flours,and are now making only "a" singlegrade of standard whole wheat flour.This order caused many mills toclose down entirely for a few dayswhile they altered their machineryto comply with the new requirements of the Government's order.This order, it is said, will result inthe conservation of millions ofmillions of bushels of wheat whicnwill be shipped to our allies in thewar, and while it will not be possible to make the beautiful whitecakes and buscuit and pastrieswhich many have long been usedto, the new flour will be richer innourishment, and much better forstomachs than the old "patent"Lkinds.Subscribe Now.Any man can take a newspaperand the best one to take is THEBOURBON NEWS. It is the cheapest tiling he can buy. Every time ahen clucks and lays an egg his paper is paid fQr for that week. Itcosts less than a postage stampless than to send or, to receive a letter. It come to you twice-a-week,rain or shine, snow or ice, fairweather or foul, calm or stormy. Nomatter what happens, it enters yourdoor a welcome friend, full of sunshine, cheer and interest. It opensthe door to the great world, andputs you face to face with local happenings. It is the province of thdaily papers to care for the outside,great-world events, but the homepaper gets closer to you. No man ibjust to himself, to his children or tohis home who does not take hishome paper and that paper shouldbe THE BOURBON NEWS.Use Judgment.The parent who believes everyword the son or daughter tells themin regard to the conduct of thateacher, is very likely to think ill ofthe teacher, and without just reason. It is natural for youth to beprjudiced, -and to resent punishmenteven if it is just. Many a goodschool is spoiled by the parents upholding pupils when the propertreatment would be to up-end themarid apply the paddle at the pointwhere it would do the most good.Have You Noticed ?Have you ever noticed how reallybeautiful gum chewing makes agirl? Take her defacto, and gazingsteadily, one cannot find a moreideal picture. With a shaip click-clack-click-clackof her pretty whiteteeth and clashing together as withcowish glee, she masticates her cud.Then, too, one can note her healthtinted, well-rounded cheeks as theygrow, a little more rotund, throughthe assistance of a big "hunk" ofchicle.Ain't It The Truth?One of the most exasperating experiences of a newspaper office isingratitude. One may protect someman or family from publicity, insome serious family or businesstrouble; one may defend themagainst attack at his own peril,one may laud their commendaryacts or lives, but little things or bigthings come up that they do notlike, and you will see how often,too often, they become back-bitingingrates. , "S l5 EHDON'T DRUG KIDNEYSRUB 'BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Rub Pain, Sorenessand Stiffness Frcm Your Back' With "St. Jacob'sLiniment."Kidney cause backache? No! Theyhave no nerves, therefore can notcause pain. Listen! Your backache is caused by lumbago, sciaticaor a strain, and the quickest reliefis soothing, penetrating "St. Jacob VLiniment." Rub it right on the acheor tender spot, and instantly thepain, soreness, stiffnessness disappears. Don'tand lamestay crippled! Get a small trial bottle of "St.Jacob's Liniment" from your druggist and limber up.' A moment after it is applied you'll wonder w,hatbecome of the backache, sciatica orlumbago pain. "St. Jacob's Liniment" stops any pain at once. It isharmless and doesn't burn or discolor the skin.It's the only application to rub ona weak, lame or painful back, orfor lumbago, sciatica, neuralgia,rheumatism, sprains or p. strain.(adv)Production of Salt.Abomt 51 per cent of the salt produced 'inRussIa is from lakes, 23 percent being obtained by evaporatingbrine pumped up from bore-holesy and28 per cent by mining beds of rocktit.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.M - . JIM,on,!- uAWVmfiouVMrac unuoi ur.mununftugcii iPrince ofStory Tellers Would Be Interested in This Wontierful Taleof Adventure.One of the big ocean liners was several days out from New York on atrip across the Atlantic. It was dinner time, and those at the table fell "totelling stories about their experiencesat sea. Finally it was the turn of aperson who had previously been boasting of his lineage. He told this "yarn"ays the Youth's Companion."It happened a number of yearsago," said he, rton my fifteenth tripacross the ocean, when we ran shortof some provisions, particularly eggs,milk, fruit and fresh meat. We werevery fortunate to have on board aresourceful fellow named Brand, whopulled us out of the difficulty in goodshape. First he went to 'the hatchway for eggs, but, as they were a little too old to eat, they were used forcooking, and he requested the captainto have the ship lay to. This operation was repeated until we had eggsenough to go round."Then, at Brand's suggestion, thecaptain fired a ship's rocket into theMilky Way, and all we had to do wasto hold buckets and catch the milk asit poured out of the hole made by therocket. For a fruit supply we letdown buckets over the side of the shipand picked up enough ocean currantsto last for a week. The next day wehad foul weather, which provided uswith plenty of ducks and chickens.Some of these we ate and others wekept to replenish our egg supply.""I was on that very trip," spoke upa wag at the end of the table. "It wasthe steamer Baltic, in October, 190S,New York to Liverpool. We also hadon board a fair-sized goose, which wasoverlooked in some way. I'm sure theynever ate the bird, but I've wondered,all these years until today whateverbecame of it."VALUABLE ARTICLE OF FOODBanana Really Is Not AppreciatedAnything Like as Much as ItOught to Be.The banana Is one of the most useful of all foods. When the populationof the earth becomes overcrowded, weshall have to eat more, bananas andless bread. An acre in wheat willyield 900 pounds of food. An acre inbananas will yield 120,000 pounds.The banana resembles in composition the sweet potato. Both containV per cent of protein and 20 percent carbohydrates. The banana contains more starch than fruits of thetemperate clime. As it ripens, thestarch gradually turns to sugar.The late Edgar Wallace Conablesaid that the banana is the only foodwhich may safely be eaten when ithns beeiPpicked green." -This, he explained, is because the green bananasdraw nourishment out of the great central stem, which gradually shrinks andwithers. A banana should never beeaten until the skin is beginning toturn black. Some claim that theyshould be entirely black. However, itis not necessary to go so far as that.As they turn black the starch turns tosugar. Scrape the white material frombeneath the skin before you eat thefruit.The Brute."Where have you been tonight?"she asked bitterly, as he sauntered inabout 11 o'clock. "Was it businessagain this evening?"He made no reply, but sat down tothe cold supper that was on the table."Aha, the difference in a shorttime !" she went on. "I have been trying to solace myself tonight by reading some of your love letters. Hereis one," holding it up, "that you wroteone month before we were married;in this you say that you feel as ifyou could et me. Oh, the affection,the passionate love expressed in thoseworlds! It is one month after marriage," she continued, beginning toweep pearly tears, and sob like thethrob of a steamboat engine, "only onemonth after marriage, and now ""I wish to goodness I had!" mumbled the unfeeling brute, with Idsmouth full of ham.Novel Bed for Paralytics.One of the great problems in certaincases of spinal wounds with paralysisis how to move the patient sufficientlyto make his bed and tend his woundswithout increasing his sufferings bymoving him. The new bed solves theproblem. Surrounding the bed just atthe edge of the mattress is a rectangular framework of hollow metal piping. Connecting the two parallel sidesare broad bands of webbing stretchedacross the mattress, and on these thepatient lies. The two short sides ofthe framework, the one at the head ofthe bed and the other at the foot, areconnected by a geared whc&l with- avertical steel post so .that by simplyturning a handle at the head or footof the bed the framework, with thepatient lying on the webbing, can 'belifted off the mattress without his position beirig changed in the least.Cornmeal in Honduras.Because of the marked success ofrecent governmental and private efforts to promote the production ofmore cereals during the period of thewar, writes Consul Walter F. Boyle,Puerto Cortes, an American companyhas imported and erected the first millfor the milling of cornmeal. This waspurchased in the United States andhas been erected at San Pedro, Sula,Honduras It is a small t equipment,'.but marks" the beginning tCneto industry. ' ' , fc '--. ,- -I.HONOE Rt)LL. 3:mCITYcrrarinT -ewr TTnTHrnxfcaM-KrrmT'GRADE IB. tWilliam Amyx $5, Harry Lancaster 96, Raymond Stewart 90, JohnKing 92, James Morrison 95, Bayless Morrison 94, Elon Tucker 91,Elsey Tucker 92, Dotson Wells 92,Claude Bussell 91, John Shearer 90,Prentice Burton 90, Eva Roberts 94,Dorothy McCord 95 Nancy Harris90, Marie Foley90, Anna Parrent93, James Lapsley 90, RichardPeterson 92, Nancy Baldwin 92,Elizabeth Hinton 91, Lucy Maxey91, Annella Myers 91, CarolynReading 91, Elizabeth Whitley 92.GRADE 1A.Sadie Blake 96, Minnie Johnson95, Sherill Wills 95, Ethel Fightmaster 94, Charles Johnson 91.GRADE 2B.Julian Howe 93, Elizabeth Douglass 90, Imogene Fryman 96, Martha Bell Hall 93, Thenosha McCord93, Lydia Maher 90, Mary EleanorIsgrig 92, Thomas Hubbard 90.GRADE 2B.Elizabeth Collier 93, Noa S. Hinton 91, Katie Irvine 9 6, WilliamMarshall 95s.GRADE 2A.Elizabeth Watson .93, BurdettSanders 92, T. J. Judy 92, DavidBlythe 92.GRADE 3B.Edward Mernnger 94, Jessie Irvine 93, Katherine Tawler 91, Harvey Hill 90, Effie Edwards 92, RuthDickson 93, Leila Kiser 95, CharlesCook 94, H. B. Hill 96,GRADE 3B.Howard Rees 94, Jewel Maxey 93,Edwin Rice 94, Susan Howard 97,Kady Elvove 97, Rosalie Friedman93.GRADE 3 A.Edna Doty 90, HazelMyrtle Watson 95, RobtMaxeyCollier90,96.GRADE 3B.James Wilmoth 91, Wendell Reading 93, Sam ' Hendricks 96, JamesReading 96.GRADE 4BEmogene Alexander91 AliceBurton 96, William Bowling 92,Beverly Boatringht 90, Rebecca Collier 95, Blanche Davidson 90, Everett Hall 90, Elise Morrison 95.Wallingford Parker 90, DorothyPepper 92, Helen Roberts 91, Cannon Williams 93, William Yerkes 96.GRADE 4 A.'Marie Bishop 98, Dudley Weaver92, Wm. Hinton 91, Pearl Hitch 91,Josephine Lapsley 97, Will MooreLair 95, Gertrude Smelser 95, Lillian Taylor 93, Anne Cay wood Talbott 95, Lucy Williams 91.GRADE 5B.Howard Fightmaster 91, RayMarkland 93, Garnett Swinford 90,Edna Davis 91, Edward Hibler 90,Maggie Carr 90, Ethel Mae Shankland 95.GRADE 5 A.Vivian Wallingford 92, EleanorSwango 90, Harry Tucker 93, Frances Thompson 95, Pansy Burns 94.GRADE 6B.Christine Sams 90, Ermine Lykins93, George Dundon 92, Anita Overby 97, Louise Fisher 91.GRADE 6 A.Edna Earl Burns 93, MarthaCollier 92, Violet Crowe 92. IreneEstes 95, Addie Fightmaster 90,Katherine Hendricks 92, RobertMoore 92, Sarah Myers 92, MaryRuth Roberts 92. Anna LouiseSauer 93. Thomas Spiccr 96, IsabelTalbott 90, Caiolyn Wilmoth ..93.GRADE 7B.Raymond Bowline 96. Ellen Scott92, John Welsh' 92, Bernice Calvert 91.GRADE 7 A.Nannette Arkle 95, Ruth Wheele91, Charles Padgett 94, VirginiaMorrison 93, Mary May 94, VirginiaHancock 95, Margaret Hill 95, Elizabeth Lilloston 93.GRADE 8B.Beula Quinn 93, Mae Tyree 94,Louise Collier 93, Katheryn Wallingford "91, Vannesa Lykins 92,Verma Henrichs 91.GRADE 8A.Louise Keal 95, Hilda Taylor 92,Lillian Towler 90.GRADE 9.Thelma Brannock 94, CollinsHall 93, Hedgie Taylor 90, LoraineFAEISMaster's Sale of House and Lot!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJOHN J. HICE, Etc., . . .- . .PLAINTIFFSVS.-r-Notice of Sale. ,TILLIE RICE, ETC., i . DEPENDANTSUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered at the November,' 1917, term of theBourbon Circuit Court in the above styled action therein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, on -SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1918at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., at the front ''door of the Court House, in Paris, Kentucky, will sellat public auction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property, to-wit:A certain house and lot situated in North Middletown, Bourbon County, Ky., and bounded asfollows: Beginning at a corner of the South side of Main Cross Street in said town, in the wrest- - .ern extremity thereof, and running thence with Main Street we.t to the line of the property occupied 1)y J. G. Miller (in August, 1897); thence South with the line of said Miller to the lineof lot occupied by W. T. Allen; thence East with said Allen's line to said Main Cross Street ;thence with said Cross Street to the beginning, being the same property conveyed to Samuel Riceby Matthew D. Hume, by deed of record in the office of the Clerk of the Bourbon County Court,Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute their two bonds with good surety to be approved by the Master Commissioner, forequal parts of the purchase money, due six and twelve months from date of sale respectively, and bear-ing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum from date of sale until paid, said bonds to have tha1UJLUC emu CUCUU UJL juuguicuLO, wim x.u. xumiuvu upwu. niv. yi.vi.,jSaid sale is made for the purpose of division among the parties inM. F. KENNEY, Auctionttr.IWeaTn91?Thos. A?Senarick91,GeralhinV-HeTrinl, Engene Moore91, Alma Louisepolds&in 92.' "GRADE 10.Catherine Bropny 96, MargaretLavin 9, Christine McCord 91, Elizabeth Snapp 92, Dorothy Tingle 93.GRADE 11.Foster Mitchell 91.GRADE 12.Vernita Baldwin 95, Emnja LouisBurley 90, Mabel Galloway 94, Fannie Heller 91, Charlie Kenney 91,Robert Lavin 97, Eleanor Lytle 94,Edna Snapp 95, Thelma Williams95, Chester Young 95.USE "CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELSWHEN CONSTIPATEDWhen. Bilious, Headachy, Sick ForSour Stomach, Bad Breath,Bad Colds.Get a 10-cent box.Talce a Cascaret to-night to cleansyour liver, stomach and bowels,,and you will surely feel great bymorning. You men and women whohave headache, coated tongue, a badcold, are bilious, nervous, upset,bothered with a sick, gassy, disordered stomach, or have baskache andfeel all worn out. Are you keeping your bowels clean with Cascarets or merely forcing a passageway every 'few days with salts, cathartic pills or castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove thesour, undigested and fermentingfood and foul gases; take the excessbile from the liver and carry off theconstipated waste matter and poisonfrom the bowels.Remember, a Cascaret to-nightwill straighten you out by morningA 10-cent box from your druggistmeans healthy bowel action; a clearhead and cheerfulness for months.Don't forget the children.(adv)i us ?a lsiTEACHERS NOT TO BE PAID FORLOST TIME.An impression seems to have beenconveyed to the teachers of countyschools that they would be paid 'forlost time caused by inclementweather and other causes.A letter from State Superintendent V. O. Gilbert at Frankfort, toCounty Superintendent J. B. Caywood states this is a mistake, andthat he cannot pay teachers for suchloss of time. To do so would be toviolate the law, which states that ateacher shall be paid by the monthfor twenty days per month for dayswhen the teachers are actually performing their duty. The teacherare asked to govern themselves accordingly. Seaweed Fertilizer.- Seaweed as a fertilizer has beenfound to be very beneficial to potatobeds when applied previously to planting the seeds.CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets and must say they are the bestI have ever used for constipationand indigestion. My wife also usedthem for indigestion and they didher good," writes Eugene S. Knight,Wilmington, N. C. Obtainable everywhere. Optometry 2, The optometrist is the qualifiedperson to fit the eyes with glasse-The physician that fits glassed rpracticing Optmoetry. His nodicalskill is of" no value in measuring therefractive medias of the eye. I ama Graduate Doctor of Optometryand make a specialty in defects oZthe eyesight.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.fc4, - .FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 11S.Cash Raising Sale.For one week, beginning Monday,January 28, I will offer all watches,clocks, jewelry and optical goods atone-half price for cash in hand.Eye examination free during thisperiod without obligation to the customer. O. It. FRYE,Jeweler and Optometrist,203 Main St., opp. Windsor Hotel.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is" finished in mission and is good as new. Can, bebought at a bargain. Call at THEBOURBON NEWS office. Bothphones 124. (tf)Master's Sale!OFHouse and Lot!BOURBON CHtCUIT COURT.Jane Cros's Admx.. Etc PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.James Bediiiger DefendantAt the Court HouseParis, Kentucky, ondoor, inEEBEUARY 2. 1918.at about the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., the undersigned Master Commissioner will sell the Jane Cros houseand lot on. Bally Paton Street, inParis, , Kentucky, on the credits ofsix and twelve months. The purchasers to execute bonds with goodsurety drawing six per cent, interest from date of sale.See handbills.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.ja!8-25-febl)Public SaleBUSINESS PROPERTYI will sell'iat public auction, on thpremises, at 132fr Main Street, onMONDAY, ;FEBRUAaY 4, 1918,at about 11:30 a. pi., the brick busi-.ness house now occupied by the ParisGarage.This building is a modern twostory brick building, facing 39.6feet on Main Street, and runsthrough the entire block to HighStreet, being equal width throughout, the building covering the entirelot.This is an excellent business location, having for years been rentedout profitably. The rear of the building is on the Paris Interurban carline, making the unloading and loading of freight from the rear of thebuilding, to and from the interurban.cars, most convenient, and effectinga considerable saving to the occupant of the building in drayagecharge's? Has gas, water and electric lights.The second floor of the building- i3fitted up into a commodious sandmodern flat, equipped with water,gas and electric lights, and which isalso a substantial revenue producer.For further information, apply tothe undersigned.TERMS One-third cash, the balance in equal payments due and payable in one and two years fromdate, said deferred payments to bear6 per cent, interest from said saledate.SAM CLAY, Agent,or A. B. HANCOCK.(lS-5t) Paris, Ky.iu sci;uxc jJoyiucm, vii Sttiuc.interest.O. T. HINTON,Master CommissiwKr Burln Ckcuit Cwnrt.33(Janl8-25Febl) -" . LUTIu T?,. ., .,. ,IKfFRIDAY, IEBRUARY 1, 1918.THK BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, M.T1WOMEN OFMIDDLE AGENeed Help to Pass the Crisis SafelyProof that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CompoundCan be Relied Upon.Urbana.HI. "During Chancre of Life.in addition to its annoying symptoms, Inad an attack ofgrippe which lastedall winter and leftme in a weakenedcondition. I felt attimes that I would, never be well again.1 read of .Lydia E.iFmkbams Vegetable Compound, and what it did forwomen p a s s in erthrough the Changeof Life, so I told mydoctor I would tryit. I soon began togain in strengthand the annoyingsymptoms disappeared and your Vegetable Compoundhas made me a well, strong woman soI do all my own housework. I cannotrecommend Lydia E. Pinkhanv s Vegetable Compound too highly to womenpassing through the Change of Life."Mrs. Frank Henson, 1316 S. OrchadeSt, Urbana, 111.Women who suffer from nervousness,"heat flashes," backache, headachesand "the blues" should try this famousroot nd herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Ai WORLD'S MOST CURIOUS CITYLondon Magazine Seente to Have Discovered Queer Settlement onSaginaw Bay, Lake Huron.t-tfllttSSOTBri5lURr? rJ Hi r ' .,sr anywjfjAMERICAN RED CROSS40,000 NURSES.WANTSThe most curious of cities consistsof wooden huts on wheels, to the number of about one hundred and thirty,which, when the season arrives, arerolled onto the ice on Saginaw Bay,Lake Huron. The population of thiscity without a name is about five hundred. Each hut is fitted with cookingutensils, hammocks, and a stove, andis occupied by three men, whose business on the ice is to follow a peculiarmethod of fishing.In the center of each hut a hole,about a yard square, is dug to the water. One of the fishermen then takesa live nsn or tne nernng trioe, anaafter fastening it to a piece of packthread drops it into the water. Thefish dashes away as swift as an arrowuntil it is pulled up by the thread,when it returns towards the hole followed by a host of pike and other fishdesirous to feast on the dainty morsel. Beside the hole stand the fishermen, harpoon In hand, waiting the arrival pf the pursuers, who are receivedwith thrusts of the fourpr five-prongedinstrument, which rarely fails tobring up some writhing victims.Some huts can show two hundredor more of fine fish at the end of the'day's work. The most weird appearance of this city Is at night, when thefishermen prosecute the work by thelight of torches, which, as is wellknown, attract fish without the aid ofthe herring bait. The glancing torchesand the shadows of the men leaningover the holes make a strange spectacle. If fish are not abundant In thespot first chosen the hut is wheeled toanother site. London Tit-Bits.Renewed efforts are to be made inOhio, Indiana and Kentucky to enlist nurses for Red Cross service.The present average enrollment of1,000 a month throughout the country is inadequate. Miss Mary Roberts, director of nursing of the lakedivision, has been advised that within a short time the American RedRed Cross will need from 30,000 to40,000 nurses for the army alone.At present there are about 90,000registered nurses in the UnitedStates. Approximately 16,500 ofthese are enrolled by the Red Cross.To date the Red Cross has sent 1,790 nurses abroad and has provided2,500 for home services.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and"Elsewhere.TIMIDIFAIR PLAY ABOVE VICTORYCanadian Soldier Generous in SeeingThat Opponent Should Have HisRight Chance to Shoot.MARGOLEN'SFreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !In an obscure Los Angeles suburblives a blind man. The following isone of the many stories he tells of hisexperiences :It was in the early nineties that apicked team of American riflemenhad gone into Canada" for a friendlycontest with the Queen's Own.The competition had been fierce andthe score close when the last Americanrifleman laid down at 800 yards. Hehad to make 23 to tie and 24 to winout of a possible 25.A great crowd had gathered to watchthe contest, and had gradually closedin behind the firing station until therewas very little space left for the rifleman. The first four shots scored the bull'seye, counting 20. With his last shothe had to make a 3 to tie and a 4 towin. The excitement was intense,and the air was charged with themagnetic stillness of repressed excitement, as the commanding officer ofthe Queen's Own stepped forward andcalled out "Get back there and givethe man a fair jshow. How can heshoot with you standing on top ofhim?"The crowd fell back, the Americanfired, and the Indicator recorded another bull's eye, making his score 25.7-Mrs. Ernest Martin is a guest offriends in Louisville.Mr. Ireland Davis, who has beenseriously ill for several days, issomewhat improved.Mrs. Walter, E. Mastin,vwho hasbeen very ill for several days, isable to be up and around her roomagain.Lieut. Rogers Moore, formerlyof Paris, was here from CampShelby, at Hattiestmrg", Miss., thisweek, as a guest of friends.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Christian Church, willhold their meeting ,in the churchparlors, at 2:30 o'clock this (Friday) afternoon.Mr. Solomon Spears, of Columbia, Mo., is visiting relatives inParis and the county. Mr. Spearsis a former resident of Paris, andis revisiting old scenes and renewingold friendships.Mrs. Davis Hutchcraft, whohas been at the home of Mrs. J.Perry Hutchcraft since the death ofMr. J. Perry Hutchcraft, returnedyesterday to her home in Tampa,Florida. Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraft will be her guest in February-Mr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Davisleft yesterday for St. Ptersburg,Florida. From there they will goto Pass-a-Grill, near St. Petersburg,where they will spend the rest ofthe winter. THE NEWS anticipates some good fish stories fromto Pass-a-Gille, near St. Petersburg, Jweather opens.Mr. Wm. W. Vanderen,, CityAttorney of Cynthiana, was a callerat THE NEWS office Tuesday. Mr.Vanderen's mission was to securecopies of THE NEWS containingthe ordinances promulgated by theCity Council authorizing the bondissue for the Paris High School.These he hopes to use as a basis forintroducing similar ordinances forbond issues to rebuild the Cynthiana High School, destroyed by firesonie time ago.(Other Personals on Page 5)w w1GIRLS! HAVE WAVY,THICK, GLOSSY HAIRFREE FROM DANDRUFFTELL FRIENDSABOUT TANLAGHousework Was Hard For ThisKentucky Woman, But It'sDifferent sNow."It wasn't long after I startedtaking Tanlac until I saw that 1was getting better and now I feel aswell as I ever did," said Mrs. FreJfBoyce, 404' Second street, Louisville, Ky."I was nervous before and gotvery little sleep. Sometimes I wouldnot sleep more than half the nightOf course, the lack: of rest put meouf of fix all over. My nerves gotso bad that the least noise botheredme and I got so at times that I justfelt like screaming."My appetite was poor, too. Ididn't eat much and I-was gettingso weak that I could hardly do mywork."Well, I went to the drug store tofind something that would help mobrnd the man .told me about Tanlac.I decided to try it. It wasn't longuntil my appetite came back. Istarted eating more and kept on ini-Save Your Hair! Double Its BeautyIn a Few Minutes.Try Th'sJproving until now I think I feel (aswell as I ever did before."I'm glad to tell my friends abouTanlac."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day at G. S. Varden &Son's drug store. (adv)m Id 151MILADY'S HAT THIS SPRING.MARGOLEN'SSanitaryJWeat MarketProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGAge of fishes.The most striking characteristic bywhich fishes of different ages can bedistinguished is their size. But thesize affords us only the means to estimate the age of younger fishes; as tothe older, it cannot serve us as an indication of their, age, since theirgrowth may vary according to the different conditions of nutrition, so thatoften the younger fish will excel insize the much older fish. There is,however, at least sls regards the fishesof the Northern seas, a sure Indication that betrays theirage. It is theotolites, or ear stones. These earstones grow as long as the fish itselfcontinues to grow, and form annualrings in the manner of trees. Themore annual rings shown by a fish'sear stones the greater its age. Inthis way the age of a fish can be exactly determined.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13S. fCAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteouspatrons.AttentiontoHOT AND COLD BATHS.A Change for the Invalid.If you "have a friend lying ill, trytaking some daintily prepared ediblesnext time you make a visit.Nourishing broths and soups, winejellies, delicately browned custardsand light puddings made of eggs andmilk are good. Or a small jar of marmalade or half a dozen lightly browned biscuit for the invalid's tea. .Orcreamed chicken and creamed oystersdelivered in a charming blue bowl andall ready to be heated up by the nurse.Grapefruit is always appreciatedand mandarin oranges and whitegrapes in a pretty basket are an appetizing combination, and there are someinvalids who would be delighted witha jarof preserved ginger for occasional nibbling.JOHN WHITE k CO.LOtfMVILLE, KY.Liiwral a rtwswt4 f afl value paidFUR&Gt SkinsmmWmkJMTs T-w' "BTBTUnnecessary Intestines.The human intestine seems to bepartly a relic of prehistoric times,largely useless in this modern day andage. The uselessness of the vermiform appendix, which is simply thestump of what was once an important and functioning branch of thealimentary canal, is well known. Recent operations in a London hospitalseem to Indicate that a large part ofthe lower main canal, the colon, canbe dispensed with without harm. In'these operations sections of the colonhave been removed. The work bringsup again the famous scientist MetchnlkofCfi debated contention, that theseparts of the anatomy are not only useless but dangerous., If you care for heavy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness "and is fluffy and lustrous, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle ofdandruff; you cannot have nice,heavy, healthy hair if you have dandruff- This destructive scurt roosthe hair of its lustre, its strengthand its very life, and if not overcome it produces a feverishness anditching of the scalp; the hair rootsfamish, loosen and die; then thehair falls out fast.If your hair has been neglectedand is thin, faded, dry, scraggy ortoo oily, get a small bottle of Knowlton's Danderine at any drug store ortoilet counter for a few cents; apply a little as directed and ten minutes after you will say this was thebest investment you ever made.We sincerely believe, regardlessof everything else advertised, thatif you desire soft, lustrous, beautiful .hair arfd lots of it no dandruffno itching scalp and no more falling hair you must use Knowlton sDanderine. If eventually why notnow? A N(adv)lot 1 !aA HERO EVERY DAY.Attention has just been officiallycalled to the signal bravery of Robert Ausburne, a naval radio electrician of the first class who wentdown when the U. S. army 'transport Antilles was sunk. When theship was struck, Ausburne and afellow electrician namea iviacivid-uauwere'asleep in the radio room. Ausburne, realizing the seriousness ofthe situation, told his fellow workerto get on his life preserver. As heleft to take his emergency stationat the radio key he shouted to hiscompanion, "Good-bye, Mac." This...o i,Q inQt sepn of him. Going -nthe radio room, MacMahon found itlocked and realizing that the shipwas fast sinking, attempted to getAusburne, but without success. Thisheroic "operator, originally enlistedin the navy at New Orleans on Febrarv 25. 1908. After eight yearsof service he re-enlisted in 1916 atthe receiving ship, Norfolk, Va. Hisnearest relative is Robert Ausburne,employed at the Union. "Club, Fifthavenue and Fifty-first Street, NewYork.The commandments this seasonare .entirely new. Inexpensivenesslooms up as a vital consideration,and the problem of selecting aspring hat assumes a different aspect. To quote from an article inthe February Good Housekeeping:"As in previous seasons, the firstdictates of fashion are small, closefitting turbans of satin; some arenot unlike Oriental headdresses intheir "conformity to the head, whileothers feature brims in a fascinating and wholly new manner. Somusmall hats are popular with a brimturned down over the face with theeffect of an 'eyeshade, probably designated by the French so that theymight escape by a turn of the head,some of the horrors of war that surround them. Many of these little.hatswhavethe brim rolling upwardinv'the back, too, so that whateverway hat brims are blown by thethe winds of fashion, the owner osuch a one is always certain to be inBeverly Boatright 90, Rececca Col-twin mi Department StoreSeven and mm sts. ' pan$, )BIG CLEARANCE ONWAISTS$1.00 WAISTS89c$1.50 WAISTS98c$2.50 WAISTS$1.983 jiH11 ylHB$2.98 WAISTS$2.25$3.50 WAISTS$2.98$4.50 WAISTS$3.98We Give and Redeem the BlueStampsThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfactionWatchwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris" Kentucky.I- mpalpably fine, it actually bene- fl O" fits as well as protects by j Xclinging to the skin. p, ' mSend ten cents for our dainty, 'S Sminiature, w eek-end box, j&r - Jcontaining this powder, JT A SPhantom PoVaer, MO- yyi .H J 2tor CreanvTooth.- L M ZPaste and Hand yf 1m MWANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.hifWiiiittiiitMvrfMyatoaWOMEN OF SEDENTERY HABITS"Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipation and indigestion and "Mil findChamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Not so good as a three or fourmile walk every day, but very muchbetter than to allow the bowels tremain In" a, constipated condition.They are easy and pleasant to takeand most agreeable in effect. X Ob-raliaVk1n aworwrolioro. (adv-jan)THANKS!Our Business for the Yearf917was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.Pnr fiiia wfi extend ourthanks to our .patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 inthehbusiness pursuits.CALLAGAINTo Have the Advantage of.'Q"W I L M 0 T HJGrocery CoPhone 3Ti?"' TIREKBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re- Treading andVulcanizing ofAUKindsviC. S. BALL GARAGEi Cor- Foilrth ami PMasant 8t.t wiw.T . t . - - - w Jt- fc- . mh w J- - --""'VfI.B5MiXL'v:(7dec-r3t-F)- . -.- v - '-. rf fc.I --sX&r uTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1. lUt.? IOT--SUDGB BATTEBTON'S OOMPHi MENTS TO EDITORBRECBINRIDGE.Mn. Desha Breckinridge's attacksTipbk- Secretary of War Baker andother Government officials, havebrought down upon him many criticisms. In the Lexington Herald ofWednesday, County Judge Batterton, -of Bourbon, pays his respects toMr. Breckinridge in the followingletter, in which, he vigorously deniesthe statement that a mjority of thepeople of Bourbon county approveof his " unpatriotic editorials."Judge Batterton writes:"Paris, Ky., Jan. 28, 1318."MrJ Desha Breckinridge,Editor Lexington Herald,"Lexington, Ky."Dear Sir:"During the last few weeks I haveread your unpatriotic editorials andI have refrained from writing toyou, because I dislike the notoriety aletter may create, but since youreditorial of January 26th, together"with the quotations in the letter ofyour local correspondent,- attacksthe patriotism of the good people ofBourbon county, I believe that someone should reply. Not that mycounty people need defending, butthat they shall not be slanderedand remain silent."Your editorials do not meet withthe approval of the people of Bourbon county, for the people of BourTon county are overwhelmingly infavor of the steps taken by President Wilson and his conduct of theTvar."I -do not know of the views of thetwo persons specifically mentionedin Mr. Stivers letter, but I do knowof hundreds of others who do notliold the same view. Mr. Stiversalso knows of others and knew ofthem at the time he wrote this letter to you because I heard a few express to him their disapproval ofyour editorials. Therefore he ismistaken when "he says he has not"heard of anything except approval."I also note with regret that youwill probably bolt your party again,hut I have expected this since youfailed to get the office of Collectorof, Internal Revenue. This failureSs. also the probable cause of suchvijCious attacks upon Mr. Baker,and, therefore, the President. Thereshould be added to this cause thefiirther fact that Mr. Baker refusedto-place a cantonment at Lexingtonand the same was placed on' the'Craw-fish banks of the Ohio River."I note from your editorials writtenshortly after this was done that youwere very severe upon Mr. Bakeand that you have continued youicriticisms from that date until this."According to your editorial thenthis place where the cantonment wasDlaced was the moat unhealtliy tfotin the world, but please examine the Jreports of deaths from this contonismdX and. compare them with the reports from the other fifteen cantonments and I bejieve that you willfind your predictions were erroneous and this cantonment at Louisville is probably the most healthfulone of the whole sixteen."To show further you are oftenmistaken in your editorials, it hasnot been but just a few weeks sinceyou were very severe upon Mr. Daniels, the Secretary of the Navy, complaining that he was a countryschool master and a country editorand was not fitted to fill the position-which he now occupies, but withinthe last few days an investigatingcpmmittee of the Senate has laudedMr, Daniels to the akies and praised"his work, the efficiency of his management and stated that within j-few months our navy would b?larger than the combined navies of-world and if you were so mistakenin regard to Mr. Daniels' efficiency,if !t not highly probable that yoacan also be mistaken in regard toMr. Baker's efficiency?"If is an easy matter to criticizeand I often wonder why you 'do notoffer advice and suggestions rather' than criticize. Why not in your in-finite. wisdom advise the Presidentwhat to do? Why did you not ad-vise your readers last summer to buytheir winter supply of coal, sincenow you claim you knew conditionswould be just as they are? Whynot try to be conservative ratherthan destructive?"The only answer that I can see isthat anyone can criticise and will doso when peeved, but it takes a brilliant man to offer advice."Of course you will say that youreditorials are not unpatriotic; thatyour criticisms are not directedagainst Mr. Wilson, but against aninefficient? cabinet; that you have theprivilege of making such commentsCincinnati Creamery Station106 East Tenth StreetWill pay the highest cash price for your Creamof" Country Produce. ,Will Also Keep a First Class Line ofGroceries and Fruits For Sale, Ready to receive Cream Monday, February 4th.Harry L. Mitchell, ManagerI' -Bi-4 ras you choose and that you shouldmake them because you believe theyare just, but any criticism ou makeof Mr. Baker is a criticism of ourPresident, because our President hasapproved of Mr. Baker's conductand management."Freedom granted to our people intimes of peace permits them to doa great many things which theyshould refrain from doing in timesof war, and one of these things thatshould be carefully guarded is criticism of the authorities in power, asthis tends to break down the moraleof the people."What would be done to a privatesoldier if just before the eve of abattle and during the preparationfor the coming conflict he shouldget into some secluded place of safety and send written messages -outinto the ranks of the soldiers criticising the officers in command, themilitary tactics employed and thereby breaking down the morale of thoarmy?"This soldier would be court martialed and shot."Yet, you, a private citizen underour commander-in-chief, the President, while all the immense preparations are going on for the comingconflict and just before the eve ofbattle, while occupying a place ofsafety, do your utmost to breakdown the morale of the citizens bycriticising each and every act of th4authorities in command. Your position is simply that of a soldier whocommits treason. Nothing more andnothing less."Your criticism of Dr. Garfield has'been rather severe, and I oftenwonder whether or not you own aninterest, either directly or indirectly, in coal mines, and I have oftenconcluded that you must own same.I would appreciate very much ifyou would let the readers of yourpaper know whether or not this istrue."Dr. Gai field was in a much betterposition to know the needs of thecountry when he placed a ban uponthe consumption of coal upon certain days, than you can possibly be.He had his State Fuel Administrators and each State a County FuelAdministrator. He knew to theminutest detail, the supply of coalon hand and the needs of each community and all conditions pertaining thereto. You were secure inyour warmth, being within a hundred miles of some of the largestcoal mines of the world, and knewthat we would not suffer for fuelfor domestic purposes."No doubt, Dr. Garfield believed itwas better to close down certain industries on certain days than to produce coal riots in many of the largecities, as these coal riots would tend(to break down the morale of theAmerican people much quicker than'the closing down of certain industries on certain days."We do not know of the work doneby Mr. Baker. A large part of htework, must, because of necessity,remain a military secret."We do know that he built andconstructed sixteeen cantonmentswhereby water, sewer, fuel, warmth,clothing and provisions were prepared and furnished to about fortythousand men in each cantonment.We know further that it was necessary for him to clothe about a million and a half men, feed them,furnish them with ammunition andall of tlTHr having been done during the most trying times, when wewere attempting to supply our allieswith foodstuff, with steel, with coal,with ammunition, and under themost adverse weacner conditionsever known in this country. Weknow Mr. Baker has built sixteencities the size of Lexington within afew mon'ths time and that Lexington has taken more than one hundred years to grow to her presentsize, even with the able influence ofthe Editor of The Lexington Heraldfor several years of that time."As an illustration of what knowl-:edge we have of the conduct of thiswar, none of us know how many! men our government now has inFrance, and I doubt if you can guesswithin one hundred thousand of thetotal number of men now over there."As a further illustration of howmistaken we can be in our facts itwas only a few days ago before aninvestigating committee that Replesentative Medill McCormick, ofIllinois, testified that Premier LloydGeorge, of England, complained because we did not send Major GeneralLeonard Wood to France. His testimony befoie this committee wascarried in big headlines on the firstpage of all the newspapers antagonistic to the present administrationand a great stir was created becausethe administration had failed tosend Major General Wood to France.Yet in this morning's paper thereappears upon the front page thatMajor General Wood is in Franceand lias heen for some time andwas wounded a few days ago."This goes to show that even Representatives in Congress and theinvestigating comjinittee do not knowwhat is goin on, what has takenplace or what is being done, therefore, it is impossible for the Editorof The Lexington Herald to knowwhat is being done by Mr. Baker inthe preparation for war, and anyonewithout knowledge of facts cannothonestly and truthfully criticise theaction of these officials."Any criticism made withoutknowledge of the facts is made inignorance and without regard to thetruth."Yours truly,"GEORGE BATTERTON.",i m mMILLERSBURGMr. J. H. Stewart and Mrs.Sarah Shea improve slowly.Regular meeting of City Council Wednesday at 7:30 p. m.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. All membersurged to be present.Mr. G. L. Hill installed Mondayand Tuesday a pipeless furnace inthe home of Mr. G. W. Bramble tt,which is working nicely.Judge T. P. Wadell left Sundayfor Bardstown to attend the funeralof his mother-in-law, Mrs. Connorwhich was held here on MondayMrs. Wadell had been at the bedsideof her mother for several weeks.Messrs. D. P. Jones, Rufus Butler and J. T. Judy attended thegrocers' meeting at the Paris courthouse, Tuesday night. They heafrdthe interesting lecture on the useof flour and cereals, and began onWednesday to follow the instructions. Mr. Ernest Fisher, son of DrC'C. C. Fisher, who is now in the U.S. Navy, writes that he is doingnicely, studying hard, and that themilitary training received when acadet at M. M. I., has been a greathelp to him in his work, and willdo much to enable him to get somewhere. Mr. Henry Patterson fell on thesidewalk here Tuesday morning,breaking the lower bones of hibright arm. Some months ago Mr.Patterson fell from a rail in hisbarn, breaking his left arm. IT?had just regained good use of thatarm, when the second accidenthappened. He is resting comfortaably at this writing.Mr. Geo. A. Moore, of Lexington, was interred in MillersburgCemetery, Monday afternoon, services conducted by Dr. C. C. Fisher,of the M. C. Mr. Moore was unitedin marriage some years ago to MissSusan Bedford, who at that timeiesided here, since they they havelesided at Lexington.Masters William Purdy, William Layson and Wadsworth Jones,while coasting on the ice Tuesdayafternoon, on East Ninth street",near the railroad, ran over an embankment. William Purdy was serely, though not seriously bruised. Wadsworth Jones sustained afew slight bruises, while WilliamLayson escaped uninjured. WilliamPurdy is confined to the home of hisuncle, Dr. F. A. Herbert, but is ascomfortable as can be expected.Mr. Nicholas Wood, aged seventy-nine,died Sunday evening athis home after a protracted illness.Mr. Wood was one of the pioneersof Millersburg, having resided inthis community all of( his life. Hewas a farmer, which occupation hehad followed since early manhood.His wife preceded hii to the graveforty-six years ago. He is survivedby one daughter, Mrs. Young, whoresided with him, also one sister,Miss Ann Wood, who has alwaysresided with him. The funeral washeld Tuesday afternoon from, hislate residence, conducted by hispastor, Rev. A. S. Venable, of thePresbyterian church. The intermentfollowed in Millersburg Cemetery.6 Its mREAL ESTATE DEALS.Mrs. Wm. Leonard sold to Mr.Robt. Crombie her home place nearShawhan, this county, for $3,000possession to be given on March 1.Mr. Albert Snapp sold to Mr,George Current his half-interest inthe grocery and general merchandising business of Crombie & Snapp,at Shawhan. The business will becontinued at the same stand underthe firm name of Crombie & Current. Messrs. John J. Williams andDenis Dundon sold this week asagents for the .Mappin heirs, a cottage on South Main street, to Mr.Harry Speakes, of Paris, for $3,500. Mr. Speakes will move to thehome in March.The Withers Davis home on Pleas-,ant street, near Tenth, was sold atpublic xsale Tuesday afternoon, thepurchaser being Mr. Jos. Connell, ofEast Paris, a member of the firm otConnell Bros., for $6,315. Mr. Con-,nell's opposing bidder was MrJFrank P. White. Mr. Connell willmake several improvements andwill move to his new - purchase. - ,Children's Day.Beginning Saturday, Feb. 2, andeach Saturday thereafter, will makespecial examinations of children'seyes. If your child is backward inhis or her studies, and you haresuspected eye strain, bring them tome and have a thorough examination made of their eyes. You ow9them that much. Remember, everySaturday. Prices reasonable.DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,520 Main Street. Cumb. Phone 7.Burley Tobacco SeedFor Sale.The Vimont-Kelley variety is inmy opinion the best Burley everlaised in Kentucky. The Dolan &Goodman crop sold in Lexington aty cents, was from my seed. Mr.Wm. Dudley has the record at Louisville with the same. Why notuse the best seed recleaned at theExperiment Station. 1 ounce $1.00,4 ounces $3.00, y2 pound $5.00, 1pound $8.00.C. E. MARVIN,Payne's Depot, Scott County, Ky.(l-4t)THE FAIRFor Saturday Only!Decorated Soup Plateseach 1 OcGranite Sauce Panseach 1 OcGOLD FISH BARGAIN1 50c Fish Globe, 2 GoldFish 20c, 1 package FishFood 10c, 1 package Green, Moss 5c, a bargain,ALL FOR 50cRoom Lots Wall Paperroom and up 98cMeat Dishes, Rolling Pins.. 8cBread Boards 25cAmmonia, per bottle 5cTHE FAIRjMamgammmMmR. P.WALSH7th and Main One Price Store Paris, KentuckyTOV tR.I 7th and Mainallfc. JL m"" ! ! .1,1 ,. ! .. ..M - I , .11 ... hfcfcfcFRANK&CO.Store Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCESALEUNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD.SPECIAL PRICES !ON ALLSUITS... COATSiand 'DRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance.FRANK & GO.THE PUBLIC!We have just brought to a close themost successful year in business we havehad, and putting the credit where itbelongs we thank you for your helping inour success;As, We Have Pone Well byYou in the Past we will DoWell by You in the FutureHigh class merchandise at lowestprices is our "slogan." Watch this spaceevery week and you will sure benefit by it.P. WALSHOne Price Store Paris. Kentuckvv-J.f9ulJL'av'?FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,19'flfcii&farki.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESTATE FOOD COMMISSIONER ADPRESSES LARGE AUDIENCEA large audience gathered at thecourt house Tuesday night to hearthe address by State Food Commissioner F. M. Sackett, of Louisville.The crowd was much larger thanexpected on account of the weatherand condition of pavements andstreets.Mr. Sackett's address was a mostexcellent one, from every viewpoint,and was well calculated to impressupon his auditors the necessity offood conservation by every one.m TEE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Rabbi Jacob Krohngold, of theMaryland Avenue Temple, in Lexington, has received an appointmentas Chaplain in the United StatesArmy. Rabbi Krohngold has reported for duty at Little Rock, Arkansas.He is very popular here as well asin Lexington.Dan Parker Roche, son of Mr.and Mrs. Dan Roche, Jr., formerlyof Paris, now residing in Cincinnati, has enlisted In the service atthe Cincinnati recruiting station,and has been assigned to duty atFt. Thomas, Ky., near Newport.1 jm m"GRANDFATHER'S EIGHTY-ONE."SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and- Elsewhere.An old-time song, very popular inits clay, and well-remembered by theolder generation of Paris people,told the story of "Grandfather'seighty years old to-day," and of howt the day was celebrated.Former Mayor Jno. T. Hinton'sgrandchildren sang the familiar oldrefrain Wednesday when grandfather Hinton celebrated his eightyfirst birthday at the family home onHigh Street. A sumptuous dinneriWfts served, at which all his children and grandchildren were present to extend congratulations andbest wishes.Mr. Hinton seems to be enjoyingthe best of health, and gets aroundthe city just as spry as he did whenbusy looking after the city's interests.AT ALAMO THEATRE AND PARISGRAND TO-MORROW.Eulalie Jensen, talented Vitagraphfavorite, remembered most recentlyfor her portrayal of Beulah, in "IWill Repay," has an important par:in "The Blind Adventure," thetGreater Vitagraph Blue RibbonFeature, which will be the attraction in the Alamo Theatre to-morrowafternoon, and the Paris Grandin the evening. Miss Jensen's firs'stage engagement was with Bernhardt, and later she supportedMaude Adams in "L'Aiglon." Shewon success in light opera and vaudeville, before coming to the scenes.Edward Earle and Betty Howe, havethe stellar roles in "The Blind Adventure," and are supported byFrank Norcross, William Bailey,Gilbert Rooney, C. A. Stevenson,George Wright, P. D. Standing, Jno.Sturgeon, and Miss Jensen.Mrs. Julian Frank was a guestof Mrs. Tevis Wilkerson, in Lexington, Wednesday.Mrs. Wm. R. Scott, of Louisville, is visiting friends and relatives in Paris, her former home.Mrs. Newton Taylor, of nearParis, is at St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, for a rest off severalweeks.Mr. and Mrs. Charles K. Posner have returned from a visit tothe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. K. Posner, in Cincinnati.Mrs. J. M. Murphy, of NorthMiddletown, was called to the bedside of her father, in Sonea City,Okla., who has been seriously ill.Finding him much improved, MrsMurphy and her sister, Mrs. Thos.H. Greenwade, of-Mt. Sterling, willvisit relatives in Ft. Worth, Texas,and Kansas City, Mo., before returning home.Miss Margaret Willis, of Paris,.who is to become the bride of Mr.Vaughn P. Drake, of Winchester, onFebruary 7, was the guest of honorTuesday afternoon at the home ofMiss Frances Clay on the Winchester pike, near Paris. Miss Clay andMrs. John Willie Young were hostesses on that occasion at "a miscellaneous shower" for Miss Willis.The home was artistically decorated with roses and smilax, while"little Cupids" were in evidence.After the bestowal of the gifts uponMiss Willis a delicious luncheon followed. The guests from Paris weretaken to the Clay home on big sledsdrawn by horses.The guests for the occasion wereMiss Margaret Willis, Mrs. SamWillis, Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Mrs.Edna McMillan, Mrs. Jesse Turney,Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. LouisTaylor, Misses May and Lucy Colville, Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., Mrs.Clell Turney, Mrs. Robert Winn,Miss Elizabeth Brown, Mrs. J. T.Vansant, Mrs. Newton Mitchell,Mrs. C. C. Clarke, Misses Elizabethand Nell Crutcher, Mary Ross, andMildred Lisle, Mrs. Frank Sledd,Mrs. Kate Redding, Mrs. SeverenceMitchell, Mrs. Tollie Young andMrs. W. O. Hinton. Mrs. W. O.Hinton entertained yesterday afternoon at her home on High street, inhonor of Miss Willis, with a "Hooverluncheon." Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.,and Mrs. Louis Turner will entertain with a "kitchen shower" Saturday for Miss Willis.(Other Personals on Page 3)"TAG-YOTJR-SHOVEL" DAY.REPORT OP COLLINS SALE.Good prices ruled at the publicsale of crop and stock of Mrs. C. C.Collins, held Wednesday on thepremises on the-Redmon pike, nearParis. The sale was conducted byAuctioneer George D. Speakes. Therewas a good crowd present, and thebidding was active.Mules sold from $150 to $190 perhead; sow and pigs $50; one giltbred to pig in March sold for $35:85- pounds shoats, $15.50 per head;horses, $100 to $140 per head; tengrade cows, $60 per head; 900pounds cattle, $95 per head; yearling heifers, $35 per head; chickens,85c each; ducks, $1.05 each; turkeys for breeding purposes, $4.25and $4.50 each; corn in crib, $8.75to $8.90 per barrel; rodder, 85 centsper shock; hay, $41.50 per ton;farming implements brought goodprices.THE WEATHER.With the exception of a slightrise in temperature yesterday, and afew hours' sunshine, weather condiditions in this section remain veryt, , same. The streets andpavements are a glare of ice, rendering walking extremely difficult insome places. The conditions havenot improved in country districts.A cold wave is predicted to reacnhere to-night, causing colder weather Mn the south and in the OhnValley.Ice in the Ohio River at Cincinnati has began breaking up and indications point to a general breakupdf the ice on the Lower Ohio withinthe next two or three days. Theflow from the southern tributaries,from which most of the water iscoming. was checked somewhatThursday, however, by low temperatures. Floods are general an overthe South, except in Georgia, buthave not yet become serious. Floodwarnings have been issued forNorth Carolina, Souta Carolina andAlabama. A breaking up of the icein the Ohio and Mississippi willcause floods i&sU? south as Cairo,on the Mteeiaeippi River.Hundreds of bright-eyed, rosycheeked school girls thronged tli3streets of Paris, Wednesday, andmade a concerted, as well as individual campaign in behalf of "Tag-Your-Shovel" Day, in accordancewith a recent fuel conservation suggestion.Every place where a shovel couldbe used or was being used was invaded by these busy workers, whosecherry laughter and happy faceswould have made every one wish toconserve almost anything. Everyshovel that could be located wasdecorated with the fuel-saving tag.and where only gas was used forfuel, the gas stove or heater wastagged.One of the jolliest crowds thatever visited a newspaper man's densurged into the NEWS office 'Wednesday, led by Mr. Fithian Rye, ofthe High School, and proceeded totag the gas heaters in lieu of thecoal shovel. These bright-eyed girls,after finishing their work, inspected THE NEWS' art gallery and deported in pursuance of their work.It was said that at one certainbusiness house on Main street, abachelor member of the firm became so enthused over the visit ofthe young women that he sent anemploye out to purchase six smallshovels to.be tagged.All over the county school girlshelped in the "tag-your-shovel"work until every section of thecounty to-day bears evidences oftheir visit.m m 1TWO IN ACCIDENT ON ICY PAVEMENTS.PROP. T. M. SCOTT CONDEMNSBRECKINRIDGE'S CRITICISMS"Paris, Ky., Jan. 28, 1918."In last Saturday's issue of TheHerald, Mr. Stivers quotes me asdenouncing Mr. Breckinridege's severe and unreasonable criticisms ofMr. Baker. I was not intendingwhat I said at an interview or Iwoulld have probably made mystatements in a different form. However, he is substantially correct inwhat he said. After reading whathe said, and after Mr. A. S. Thompson's sweeping statement, I thoughtpossibly I was mistaken about theviews of my conipatriots in' Bourboncounty. My impression has been'formed from expressions which I hadheard around the business places ofour little city. So I concluded Iwould interview a few men and seewhat were their true convictionsupon the subject."I saw some thirty prominent business men of the town and coiintyand failed to find one who endorsesMr. Breckinridge's course, and found,sonie very bitter in their denunciations of his senseless attacks, andmost of them accounted for his position because of a grouch he hadagainst the administration. I do sayMr. Breckinridge is pursuing a veryunwise course. I cannot see how hoexpects to help win this war by hisdenunciation and criticism of themen who are devoting their best talents and abilities to do all they canfor our country. To say the least,Mr. Breckinridge has not given Mr.Baker a fair deal. He has the mostgigantic undertaking upon hishands that has ever fallen to the lotof man, and in the opinion of thosewho are in a position to know, hehas made good. Mr. Wilson endorses Mr. Baker and that is enough forme and should be for every loyalpatriotic American."If, after a fair trial and after afair and reasonable time, Mr. Bakerfails, Mr. Wilson will be absolutelycertain to remove him, for Mr. Wilson, more than any other man, willbe held responsible for the war, andwill rise or fall in the estimation ofthe people of this great country, bythe way he conducts this war. Hecould not afford to keep a man atthe head of the greatest departmentof our government at this criticaltime were he incompetent."I had no desire to be drawn intoa controversy, but since Mr. Stivershas seemed to put me in a class bymyself, I felt it due me and my fellow citizens of Bourbon county, tobe put right on this most importantquestion."I do not hesitate to say that Ihave never known a more loyal andpatriotic set of men than those ofBourbon county. After my investigation L think I am entirely safe inreversing Mr. Power's and Mr.Thompson's assertions by sayingninety per cent, of the men in thiscounty denounce Mr. Breckinridge'scourse."At the tobacco warehouse thismorning twenty men were assembled and a vote was taken and it wasunanimous in denunciation of Mr.Breckinridge's course."Since the publication of Mr.Stivers' letter, Mr. Stivers himselfcame to me and said that upon investigation he found the most ofthe men he had seen agreed with imposition. "J. M. SCOTT."JustReceivedWhile endeavoring to board thecity car en route to the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, Tuesday, Mr. Edward Burke, president of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company,slipped and fell to the street, fracturing a small bone in his rightwrist.Mrs. Swift Champe fell on the icypavement near the corner of Pleasant and Eighth streets, Tuesdayevening while en route to Crosdale'sCafe. She sustained a severesprained right wrist. Dr. J. T.Brown was called and administeredtreatment to the patient, who is doing very nicely at present.AShipmentofQ. R. C.PlayerRollsiVCOIINTY BOARD OF EDUCATIONTO MEET MONDAY.County School Superintendent JVB. Cay wood has called a meeting otthe Bourbon County Board of Education, to be held in his office in thecourt house Monday morning at teno'clock.Eyery memberof theBoard'is asked fo be present. TDaughertyBros.,U. $ $st yy j"rw2NFINALv-VCLEARANCE SALEof Our Entire Stock ofLadies' Suits, Coats, DressesSkirts, Furs and MillinerySuits$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 1 2.50$35.00 values now 1 5.00$35.00 values now 1 7.50$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now 25.00Coats$20.00 values now $10.00$15.00 values now 1 2.50$30.00 values now 15,00$35.00 values now 1 7,50$45.00 values now 22.50$50.00 values now -. 25.00Our Entire Stock ofBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYAT HALF PRICEFurs$5.00 values now $ 2.50$10.00 values now 5.00$15.00 values now 7.50$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00 values now 1 250$30.00 values now 1 5.00SkirtsAll the remainder of our stock jfWomen's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE PRICE for which they formerly sold.Regular $5 to $15 valuesSalt Price $2.50 to S7.50HARRY SIMONmmwiwAttend OurFebruary m March Saleand Save MoneyNow is the Time to Get ThatLIBRARY TABLEAt a Big Saving45.00 Library Tables, sale price ' $36,00$40.00 Library Tables, sale price 32.00$35.00 Library Tables, sale price '' 28.00'$27.50 Library Tables, sale price 22.00$20.00 Library Tables, sale price 1 6.00$18.00 Library Tables, sale price -. 1 4.40$15.00 Library Tables, sale price 1 2.00No Goods Charged at 20 Per Cent.No Stamps.When we have asale we give thebest bargains it ispossible for you tofind anywhere. Youcan save 20 percent, on any articlein our stock.See the bargains we areoffering in our Big CashSale inRugsMattings ,LinoleumsBuy now and have delivered when wanted.Discount and NoTHE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE- MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGufithfrpHONE" 36 SIXTH AND MAIN STS.- A' lI,'--)- - -V6'- . 'VliaisiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, ltll.m-THE JTOBACCO MARKETS.(Continued 'from Page 1)-s "At Bourben WarehouseTuesday, Jan. 29.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday a total of252,540 pounds of tobacco for$72,577, an7 average of $28.74 per"hundred pounds. There was a lot ofi;he finest tobacco on sale that has3een offered this season and at thesame time there was also a large percent of the meanest tobacco yet offered, which held the general average"below thirty dollars per hundredpounds. The market was strong andactive throughout. The followingcrop averages were reported :Caldwell and Martin sold 225pounds for an average of $42.30 perhundred pounds.Caldwell and Victor sold 2,915pounds, for an average of $32.35 perhundred pounds.Layson and Hall sold 4,115pounds, for an average of $34.97 perhundred pounds.-Redmon airtk Wheeler sold 3,595pounds for an average of $33.22 perhundred pounds.Wesley Florence sold 1,600 poundsfor an average of $34.26 per hundredpounds.Hall and Mclntyre sold 2,265pounds for an average of $35.77 perhundred pounds. i- T. J. Craft sold 3,710 pounds, foran average of $31.42 per hundredpounds.Brooks and Snapp sold 13,710pounds for an average of $34.34 perhundred pounds.Roseberry and Snapp sold 2,805pounds for an average of $29.63 perhundred pounds.Alverson and Earlywine sold10,105 pounds for an average of$33.93 per hundred pounds.BelLand Biddle sold 4,435 poundsfor an average-of $33.36 per hundredpounds.Jett and Pate sold 1,035 pounds foran avearge of $30.91 per hundredpounds.Roseberry and Carter sold 3,150TKunds for an average of $33.95 perhundred poundsSnell and Smith sold 2,615 poundsfor an average of $30.23 per hundredpounds.Ardery and Gross sold 2,590pounds for an average of $31.02 perhundred pounds.T. J. Fleming sold 2,430 pounds foran average of $33.54 per hundredpounds.Mitchell and Williams sold 6,745pounds for an average of $30.26 perhundred pounds.Bishop and Craycraft sold 1,485pounds for an average of $30.45 perhundred pounds.W. F. Cain sold 3,035 pounds foran average of $29.42 per hundredpounds. 6Collins and Henry sold 1,525pounds for an average of $29.82 perhundred pounds.Ardery and Overby sold 3,580pounds for an average of $34.36 perhundred pounds.i m m -t . The Or.Iy Way.Only way to get the genuine nIHlpie !s to marry into ta fcfly whereit Is nade.WrtAT "SMUEAGE" WILL DOFOR OUK SOLDIERS.The Military Entertainment council has originated a type of book oftickets that members of the soldiers'family and his friends may send tohim at the front. They are to becalled "Smileage Books" ajid will bemade up of coupons somewhat likethe mileage books of the railroads.In books of one size, twenty coupons will be sold for a dollar. Inbooks of another size, 100 will besold for five dollars. These coupon?will be good for payment for seatsat any performance in any camptheatre. "As gifjs these Smileage Books willhave rather a distinctive character.Each jtime the soldier tears couponsfrom his book, he will renew hissense of attention from the sender.Every book will constitute a currentof interest betweeu. the man at thefront and the folks back home. Of-vten, of course, one soldier will receive many books; and then he willdo the thing that is characteristic ofthe American soldier througout ourhistory he will share his abundance with his mates.The result will be to change adanger period in the life of thesoldier into a period of healthfulrelaxation and refreshment.a ? 1FREE TEXT BOOKS FOR SCHOOLCHILDREN.The first step to furnish free textbooks for children in the commonschools of this State was taken inthe House of Representatives whenRepresentative Harry V. Dill, ofCampbell county, introduced a resolution to investigate the chance ofthe establishment of a State prlnery and bindery. This resolutionhad to lie over, as it was addressedto the House and Senate. It hasthe endorsement of the State Federation of Labor and will be pushedas a labor measure. It will combup for consideration some time during this week.191 IB TtlUNIVERSITY JOURNAL IS MADEOFFICIAL ORGAN.The Kentucky Law Journal, published by the students of the Collegeof Law, University of Kentucky,has been made the official organ ofthe Kentucky State Bar Association.The subject of Mining Law?,Suretyship, and Public Utilities havebeen added to the course in the College of Law and will be taught bythe use of selected case books.President Frank L. McVey willconduct a course in InternationalLaw, two hours a week, one semester, in the College.By an act of the Executive Committee the fees of the College ofLaw will be $20 the semester.UNCLE SAM WANTS ACCOUNTANTS AT $2,400 TO $61000A YEAR.The United States Government isin need of several hundred expertcost accountants to fpl vacancies inthe accounts section of the financedepartment ' of the equipment division of the Signal Corps, War Department, and in other branches,for duty in Washington, D. C, or inthe field, according to an announcement just issued by the UnitedStates Civil Service Commission.The salaries offered range from $2,400 to $6,000 a year. Men onlyare desired.The duties of appointees to theSignal Corps will consist of the determination of production costs otairplanes and airplane motors, either as supervisors in charge at oneor more of the several plants, or asassistants; or appointees may .beassigned to duty in .Washington, T.C. Applicans will not be assemble-!for a written examination, but willbe rated upon the subject of education and experience, as shown bytheir applications and corroborativeevidence. vThe Commission states that on account of the urgent needs of the service applications for these positionswill be received until further noticeand that papers will be ratedpromptly and certifications made asthe needs of the service require.Complete information and application blanks may be obtained bycommunicating with the secretary ofthe local board of civil service examiners at the postoffice in any ofthe larger cities or with the UnitedStates Civil Service Commission.Washington, D. C.paTsi lsiTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe cold and was nearly down sickin bed. I bought two bottles ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy and itwas only a very few days until I wasrestored to health," wiites O. J.Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If youwould know the value of this remedy, ask any one who has used It.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)m iaFIRST "STEP TAKEN AGAINSTESSENTIAL ENTERPRISES.The first definite step toward limitation of non-essential enterprisesrequiring capital expenditure hasbeen taken by the Federal ReserveBoard, which announces the appointment of a committee of thi-eaflankers., to act in an advisory capacity to the capital Issues committee of the board in passing on applications for approval of issues of piivate securities.The Beautiful Gntf CoastwTKe Riviera of America"Probably in no part- of the southis there to be found a more salubriousand restful country than along theshore of the Gulf of Mexico fromNew Orletfns east to Mobile andPensacola, where nature has beenlavish in the distribution of herbounties. There is the sparklingwater of the Gulf and the bay-indentedshore forming natural water waysfor all manner of water sports, sailing, motoring, canoeing, fishing andthe like. This charming resort landis easily accessible, and may bequickly reached by the modern steeltrains over the Louisville & Nashville R. R.: passengers may leaveCincinnati, Louisville or Evansvillein the evening, and arrive at theGulf Coast resorts the following afternoon. The mild, equable climate withwhich this district is 'favored is adelight to the tourist. The climate isdelightful at all seasons of the year;during the winter months it ismoderate and bracing, putting snappnd energy into the system.The Gulf Coast is fast becomingone of the popular watering placesof the country, and counts among itsrecent guests the distinguished President of the United States. It is line Jwith many resort cities and towns,each extending a hospitable welcometo the visitor. Every resort is shadedby age-old ancestral oaks, hung withtrailing vines and Spanish moss; andthey all look out over the Gulf waters,at the dancing waves, the scuddingsails, and the beach and the surf.The placid waters and the slopingshores give to boating "and aquaticsports enjoyments unalloyed, andabundant haunts of fish, and game afford an endless paradise to devoteesof rod and gun ; the many golf coursesand tennis courts provide ample opportunities for the enthusiasts ofthese fascinating games.Most excellent opportunities arethere for the lover of motoring, inthe abundance of fine shell roadswhich skirt the shore of the Gulf under the massive live oaks and extendback into the pine forests, along theshores of the many bays and bayous,the magnificent scenery along theseroads appealing strongly to one's'sense of the beauties of nature. Ifone can't find happiness and contentment down there in the golden sunshine and among the countless diversions and attractions of that playground he is indeed hard to please.Numerous hotels and boardinghouses at the various Gulf Coast resorts provide admirably for the comfort of guests, and the variety admits of terms to fit any purse, depending upon the individual requirements of the visitor,' who can behoused among the luxuries of themore fashionable hotels, or in the lesspretentious ones, according to hiiown desires. In buying tickets toNew Orleans and the Gulf Coast Resorts passengers should see that theyread beyond Evansville, Louisville orCincinnati via the Louisville & Nashville R.' R., the only line running alongthe Gulf Coast and reaching all theseresorts. The train service over thisline is unsurpassed. The sumptuousthrough steel trains are equipped withINDEPENDENT"V.Tobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY.DAILY SALESs WILL BEHELDBeginning Wednesday, January 23rdHOW-ABOIItiHfl-IWiSftllEiyRETXTEMS? -LEXINGTON, ,"KY.", Jan, 30, 1918.Somebody is going to tell on youif you don't- pay your ' income tax.Congress has fixed it so that somebody must tell, whether he wants toor not.One section of the War IncomeTax Law, exhaustively comprehensive in scope, requires every jperson,without exception, and every corporation, partnership, association,insurance company, in whatever capacity acting, who paid ?800 ormore to another person, corporation,partnership, association, or insurance company, as interest, rent,salaries, wages, .premiums, annuiemoluments, or other fixed or deterjminable gains, profits, and income,to report the name and address ofthe person, corporation, etc., towhom payment was made, togetherwith the amount of the payment, tothe Commissioner of Internal Revenue at Washington, using a formprescribed for the purpose Form1099 now to be had from all collector's offices. The forms must befilled out and returned on or beforeMarch 1, 1918, accompanied byForm 1096, which is a letter oftransmittal and affidavit certifyingthe accuracy of Form, 1099.drawing-room sleepers and recliningchair cars. All meals en route areprovided in dining cars; the serviceis a la carte (you pay only for whatyou order) and the, prices aremoderate. This line is famous forthe excellence of its dining car service; it has no superior, and few, ifany, equals.Passengers from Cincinnati, Louisville, Frankfort or Evansville andvicinity contemplating a trip toFlorida may easily, and at slight additional cost, arrange their route topermit of a visit to the Gulf coast.Tickets to Florida routed via Louisville & Nashville R. R., throughRiver Junction, allow privilege ofstop-over at Flomaton, Ala., fromwhich point round trip side triptickets may be purchased to these(resorts.A beautiful illustrated folder describing this enchanting vacationland, may be obtained at the principalticket offices of the Louisville &Nashville R. R., or by addressing R.D. Pusey, General Passenger AgentL. & N. R. R., Louisville, Ky.Peruna easesthe burden of thehousekeeper by keeping away the dangerof illness resultingfrom cblds, cough,and indigestion doeto catarrhal condition. It speedily relieves and overcomesthese.Its tonic properties build upthe strength of the physicallyweak and run down, and its usein convalescense. especially after grip.,is remarkably beneficial.KEEP IT ON HANDThe wise housekeeper has ftrtmaon hand for instant use even if catarrhal 'troubles do not call for its regular administration. A dose or two in timeoften prevents a long illness.Liquid or tablet form.Manalin Tablets are a splendidlaxative for home use.Ask, the druggistTHE PERUNA COMPANYClurahm. OkioBattles That Won Kingdoms.In the, early days of the empires ofRome and Greece and Persia the winning of a decisive battle usually meantthe establishment of a new king andsometimes a new country. For whenOctavius defeated the combined fleets 'of Antony and Cleopatra at Actiumin 31 15. C. he at once established imperialism, with all the power in hisown hands. Later, at Philippi, he wona decisive battle against Brutus an.Cassius and tightened his hold uponthe empire.Water's Passage Through Wood. ,"Vater passes through real wbodfwhen ascending a tree, largely throughthe last season's growth. With deciduous trees the great demand for watercomes in the spring when the youngleaves put forth. After that upwarl 'sap movement Is much lesSt!.GEO? W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.m aIsIi "The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.The BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.Leads in Averages Obtained!We Invite Comparison.gnss1I1II55sS$3I1KHKNSeS2811Z34-4.iasS-JsI1fiibn3s-jH-11((Incorporated)Beginning Wednesday JJan. 23' rDailyNalesWill Be HeldxBoa rbonTobacco Warehouse Co.i-?11(Incorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager,v.(Incorporate!)PARIS, KENTUCKYjfx V---- ' - 2CTj9G&&lPir!?fr-r -'s? i - ' ft Lr;j.j .:Zrs1. i Jt 't k s-FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.pact txramn?I VZX&&ijlipt'S i.'i(bSSS$vvrc'-AkftpShouldersAll BakingCaresWhen CALUMETcomes in. all bakingtroubles take auickleave. You go rightahead and mix up baking materials, for biscuitscakes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.BAKG POWDERis the most popular because it decs Rivemost perfect lesults. It has the big-,gest demand becauce it is the most dependable. The fact that it is the biggest seller proves that it is the best.A trial will convince you that there isnone "justas good." Buyacan if ycuare not satisf cd take it back andget your monty badeCalumet certains on'y such ;rsre-djents as have been rpprovrdofficially by the U. S. FoodAuthorities.Yoa save vrica yoa fcuy it.Yea rare wLcn yoa a;c it, -HIGHESTQUALITYHIGHESTAWARDSREALLY A CENTENARIAN.Tobias W. Staiar, of Owentonwhose death occurred in Washington seems actually to have been,by proof of incontestable records,101 years old. It is a common thingto see reports of the death of centenarians, but -usually they are"Uncles," white or colored, who arelocally regarded as very old, butwhose age was known and recorded,as were other -iates, such as hismarriage. His was a singularly successful and happy life as well as along one. No formula for longevityaccompanies the report of his death,"but we assume that he lived longbecause he lived temperately, interestedly and contentedly, getting agreat deal out of life without violating nature's laws and incurring thenatural penalties.1 m m'BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN'tIPMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.T., writes: "I first used Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy about eightyears ago. At that time I had aliard cold and coughed most of thexime. It proved to be just what Ineeded. It broke up the cold in afew days, and the cough entirelydisappeared. I have told many ofmy friends of the good I receivedthrough using this medicine, and allwho have used it speak of it in thehighest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange-A beautiful lint tf Garlands an 4flay. Coma In and laok tham ver.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(! corpora ta4). Wmak .lMB5!?!5?l??BBBBMBIMBBHBBav, Hia ES?3n; TiidbiSafifiWUBMliiNi i in jv " 1P ' B$W (T .& HVEsfmjfmoji '07 amebicaitEB02ESXT BY ElftftlEES.WASHINGTON, Jan. 31. " Inthe nine months of war enemy incendiaries havev destroyed$50,000,000 worth of property inthis country. This includes munitions factories, grain elevators, stockyards, oil property, marine properties and other industries vital to warefficiency."This startling statement was madeby Richard M. Hurd, Chirman of theBoard of Trustees of the AmericanDefense Society, who announced thatthe society had asked for a hearingto oppose the application of certainfire insurance companies in neutralcountries of Europe to do businessin the United States.The society says it has "evidencethat disguised enemy insurance companies are obtaining information ofgreat value to Germany and transmitting it to that country.Secretary of the Treasury McAdoorecently deprived several alien companies of the right to do business inthis country at the instance of the society, but it is said the concerns havefound ways of circumventing the pro-niDition.For .instance, the society reportsthat since the dissolution of theenemy companies in this Country sixnew insurance companies, capitalizedat $6,000,000 liave been formed inNorway, "with the probability thattheir- capital is largely Germanmoney," says the society.These companies are licensed inthe United States and, according toHurd, have access through state andnational boards of fire underwritersto information of "giteat value.One state -board, -the society pointsout, informs ihese companies that ata specified pier, of a specified railroad (the name being given in allcases) there are daily four carloadsof dynamite and 'each week (the daybeing specified) a carload of smallarms ammunition. Another reportsthat on railroad Q, station Z, at anopen platform about 5,000 feet fromBlank avenue bridge, north, thereare seven cars a week of explosives,including loaded projectiles.Hurd's estimate of the damagedone by alien incendiaries was "according to the table prepared by theNational Board of Fre Underwriters,and so far little progress has beenmade in running the enemy incendiary to earth. There is not asingle industry in this country essential to war efficiency which hasnot suffered."m m aONE DOSE BELIEVESA COLD NO QUININE'Tape's Cold Compound" Ends BadColds or Gr'ppe in aFew Hours.Relief comes instantly.A do3e taken every two hours until three doses are taken will endgrippe misery and break up a severe'cold either in the head, chest, bodyor limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head! Nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," whichcosts only a few cents at any drugstore. It acts without assistance,tastes nice, and causes no inconvenience. Be sure to get the genuine(adv)pa isi tSAVE THE BATTERY.The following hint for savingthe battery and getting easier starting is suggested by W. H. Cole inthe February issue of MoToR. Thehint is especially valuable duringthe cold weather, when the greaseor heavy oil in the transmission hasbecome thick and stiff."When the gear shift lever is inneutral and the engine is running,gears in the transmsision are revolving. The same is true whenoperating the starter. It requiresconsiderable force to turn these gearsthrough thickened grease, a forcewhich is an unnecessary drain uponyour battery. Simply holding outthe clutch during the operation ofyour starter prevents all motion behind the flywheel, thus taking a loadoff the battery which during thewinter is overworked at best. Toprove this to yourself, some coldmorning shortly after starting youmotor, place your gear shift leverin neutral, hold the clutch out, andthrottle down your engine till it isjust turning over. Then quicklylet your clutch in. In many casesthe engine will stall, due to the increased force required to turn thegears in the transmission."State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforeseaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D., 1886,A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75nc.Hall's" Family Pills forconstiaSECRETARY 0E "WJBt BAKERMAKbS BRILLIANT SPEECHTO U. S. SENATORS.WASHINGTON, Jan. 31. Firstdefinite announcement was madeMonday that America would have ahalf million men in France earlyIhis year.. . w . .. ..w.vs nnvu uiiica Clio. i.many ready to send before 1919."Secretary of War -Newton D. Bakermade these statements Monday whenhe appeared before the Senate Military Affairs Committee to reply toSenator Chamberlain's assertionthat the War Department had "fallendown."The Secretary made flat denialthat the military establishment hadcollapsed."It would be a tragic thing if thewholly unprecedented effort wouldturn out to merit that charge," hesaid.As the climax of a day's explanation of all that thb military establishment had done, freely confessingfaults and imperfections, in so vastan undertaking, but maintainingthat out of each deficiency the remedy has been found, the Secretary ofWar disclosed what hitherto hasbeen guarded as a military secret,and what the German people littlesuspect.From early morning until late afternoon the Secretarjraddressed thecommittee and a crowd, includingmany members of both Houses ofCongress, gathered in a big hearingloom of the Senate office building.He spoke extemperaneously, beginning with details of the mammothtask of building an army of 1,500,000, answering such complaints ofinefficiency as wer,e cited by SenatorChamberlain in his recent speech anddeclaring that such instances wereisolated and not general.Some questions were asked, andMr. Baker from time to time hadassistants go to the telephone for reports on specific questions.Then, toward the close of the day,the Secretary delivered a dramaticgeneral statement of the Americanwar plan, felling of the coming ofthe allied missions, of the day andnight conferences with men from thescene of battle in which the plansnow being executed were adopted,and of success beyond the most sanguine expectations in building theaimy, and its industrial supports athome, transporting men across theocean, constructing railroads- inFrance and preparing to strike theenemy with every resource at thecountry's command.When Mr. Baker closed it was apparent he had created a profoundimpression. Chairman Chamberlainsaid so before he left the stand.There was no attempt at cross-examination,jWhile many things disclosed impressed, the committee was amazedfrankly when told that the men of22 national guard and natidnalarmy divisional camps are ready togo to-day at need.When members wanted to knowwhy such things had not been givenVP Will llJlT'O tllT-Oft 4-il-f.-tr 1-.0-!publicity before Mr. Baker spokeoXtne reluctance of military men to reveal their war plans and quoted German remarks about America's advertisement of her preparations.Emphasizing that he was notthere to defend himself or anybodyelse the Secretary urged the committee again and again to lay bareany shortcoming or failure of thedepartment, military or civilian.This great fighting force, probably little expected by the GermanGeneral Staff itself, will be composed of the men now with GeneralPershing, the 32 divisions of troopsnow in cantonments and camps inthe United States and ready to move,Secretary Baker said, and by thenext increments to be drawn andtrained this spring under the selective service daw.Elemental equipment of the menfrom the United States is assured!and the artillery necessary to theirsupport will come from the Britishand French Governments, whichhave an excess of ordnance that theyhave, on their own initiative, offeredto supply the guns and save ship.which would be used for their transport. The Secretary of War went evenfurther and laid bare facts regarding preparations for the American.'army in France, which hitherto havebeen held as close military secretsor whispered among a few who haveenjoyed the confidence of Government officials.Many of the. facts have beenknown to newspaper correspondentshere in the Capital, but co-operatingwith the Government under the voluntary censorship, they have not!until this time been given to thepublic by the newspapers.Mr. Baker described to the committee how the American army hasbuilt great lines of railroads, oneof them 600 miles long up to itsheadquarters in France; how portsand terminals have been constructedto handle the great quantities ofsupplies and equipment which thearmy will need on the fighting line.-a.il luis nae Deen aone Dy Americans, and since General Pershing'stroops landed last June.Leaning forward and addressingthe Senators earnestly, the Secretary of War told a story the German General Staff probably wouldhave given much to know long before. He approached the subject by departing from the answer to criticismand referring to it as "the plan forthe war.""I think I understood SenatorChamberlain felt there wasn't anyplan," said Secretary Baker. "Idon't know how the committee andthe country feel about it, but I wantto say there is a plan. It's the onlypossible plan under the circumstances. "It must be remembered that thiswar broke out in August, 1914, andwe went into it in April, 1917. Sothat for two and a half years, ormore the war had been going on.It was not as though war had brokenput between the United States andsome other country, each of themprior to that time having' been, atpeace with one another and with'everybody else, so that "an immediateplan should be made in the UnitedStates fpr conducting' war againstits adversary, but Ke were cominginto a war which had been coin," oaj for two and one-half years, in whichtne greatest military experts, all thoinventive genius, all the industrialcapacity of those greatest countriesin the world had for two and onehalf years been solving the probleml of what kind of war it was to be andwhere it was to be waged.'It was not a thing for us to de-cide where our theatre of warshould be. The theatre of jpar wasFrance. It was not for us'to decideour line of communications. Ourline of communications were across3,000 miles of ocean one end of it infested with submarines. It was notLfor us to decide whether we wouldnave the maneuvering of largebodies of troops in the open. Therelay the antagonists on oppositesides of No Man's Land in thetrenches jat a death grapple with on-janother. Our antagonist was on theother side of the line, and our problem was and is to get over there andget himf"It was not- the problem of doingit our way and letting everybodyelse take care of himself. In thefirst place, we were going to fightin France, not on our own soil, andnot on our adversary's soil, andtherefore at tne very beginning itwas obvious that the thing we hadto do was not to map out an idealplan of campaign, not to have theWar College with its, speculativestudies of Napoleon and everybodyelse, map out the theoretically bestway to get at some other country,but it was the problem of studyingthe then existing situation andbringing the financial, the industrial and the military strength ofthe United States into co-operationwith that of Great Britain andFrance in the most immediate andeffective way."That problem could not be decided here. I fancy in this audience there are men who have beenin the trenches. The altogether unprecendented character of thatproblem is the hting whech everyreturning visitor tells us can not dpstated in words, can not be putdown in words; it is a thing so different from anything else that everwent on in the world, so vast in itsdesolation, so extraordinary in itsuniqueness that it must be seen andstudied on the ground in order tobe comprehensive at all."It is easily imagined that wejnight have perfected an army overhere and carried, it across the ocean.and found it wholly unadapted to itetask, and it might well have beenthat the army that we sent over wasjust one thing that they did notneed and that some other thingwhich we might have supplied wouldLave been the thing essential toi their success."So that from the very beginningit was not a question of abstractspeculation here, but a question ofstudy there to find out where ourshoulder to the wheel could be put.They realized that."And so they sent over to us Mr.Balfour and General Bridges and astaff of experts. They came overhere and you saw Mr. uairour inthe House K of Congress and at theWhite House and in public meetingsol one place and another, but thegroup of experts whom they broughtover with them did not see much of,and yet they distributed themselvesthrough the War Department, andtheir ordnance experts sat downwith General Crozier their supplyexperts with General Sharpe andhis assistants, their strategists satdown with the Army War College,and all over this city there werethose confidential groups exchanging information, telling how thething was over there, what we coulddo, what they advised us to do, whatexperience they had in developingthis, that and the other implementor supply; how certain plans whichone might naturally have evolvedout of the past experience of theworld had been tried there andfound not to work at all."They were exchanging information, giving us all that they thoughtwas helpful. And then came Joffrewith his wonderful 'reputation andhis great and charming personality,and he made a great figure here,and we welcomed him."1Deters It, In Fact.Slapping a friend on the back won'tbring about the universal brotherhoodof man. Toledo Blade.fe lei 1BACKACHE IS A WARNING.Paris People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys. To cure the pains and aches,to remove the lameness when itarises from weakened kidneys, youmust reach the cause the kidneys.If you have pain through the smallof your back, urinary disorders,headaches, dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treatingthe kidneys with a tested remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beennroved good and are especially for.,ov irifinAVR Dnan's have beenused in kidney trouble for over 50years. Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilieston avenue and Lucas street, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pillsoff and on for years and have beengreatly benefited. At times I havsuffered severely with kidney complaint. My back often pained meand' was lame most all the time. Thekidney secretions were too frequentin passage and greatly annoyed me.Whenever I have been this way, abox of Doan's Kidney Pills has"never failed to cure me of the attack in short order."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samothat Mr. Rankin had. Fostep-Mil-burnCo.Mfrs., Buffalo, N.Y.,HREF! ., ' wv'NOW IS THE TIMETO FIGURE ONSpringxANDPaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399,s-KANEThe Right NumberWhen you go 5ut to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to outh e number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH.District Manager.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692L.-& N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a, xn.TRAINSNo.3425101140371233189138381939143223913031Atlanta, dailyCynthiana, daily except SundayRowland, daily except SundayMaysville daily except Sunday.Lexington daily except Sunday.Cincinnati, O., dailyLexington, dailyChicago, dailyLexington Daily Except Spnday.Maysville, Daily Except SundayLexington, DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyMaysville, DailyCincinnati, Daily Except SundayLexington, Daily Except Sunday.Jacksonville, Fla., DailyCincinnati, Sunday onlyLexington DailyCincinnati, O., DailyTRAINS FOR LEAVINo.34 Cincinnati, waily 77. ..5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 as11 Lexington, daily except Sunday. . 7:47 .aa10 Maysville, daily except Sunday13 Lexington, daily except Sunday37 Knoxville, daily33 Jacksonville, daily18 Maysville, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sunday38 Cincinnati, daily39 Lexington, daily except Sunday.,9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday14 Maysviue, aany except aunaay19 Lexington, Daily32 Chicago, daily30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday131 Lexington, Daily31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily4NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM- , y - r.'X2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily, Ex. Sunday -.. 7:3b'a. n4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , ..v 5:50 i.ia ,TRAINS DEPART FOR .4 fr1. Frankfort, Ky., Dairy- Ex. Samday. ; .-. j.i.vSV ,8:Xia. j.?. t Frankfort, Ky Daily Ex. Svnisrw... "..;';-- l:H5f.jlxPaintingjBROS.W. H. CANNON,Xtal Manager.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and sdileigarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,,' inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving,must surely satisfy you.I A phone brings us.FROMARRIVAL'5:25',...,7:35,....7r3f'- -.,.. .7:33. ..- - , ...7:40"..." lf:S19:02.10:11,12:00t,3:00'rp3:07;.... 3:15:;5:4CUp5:50 p:". 6:lt,-I:23'i;9:30fi10:23 a-;....10:31 pj7:4110:2510:30 M10:20 a12:04 'mat3:25 M3:24 a5:57vaaai$m"at f :3f:M a........ ...0:4t,i10:45vj, , .. . .10:40 1f.V fr.&-tM.ur V"' J-',r"xAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MBHTJAUT 1, ltlS.SV-ii m-mrn$:;The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Ky.MainVT nrianiand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Nisht : . .56or Home 286ifc JMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only. .i."f. -- 9i -I JHKwSMJwfcMl T 1 f Ijl J' i 'XiM5"2ll'I"i4"I"M'j"I"I"I'Hii'Il"IIl'iDEATHS.'.u MONTGOMERY.Friends of Mr. Hugh Montgomery, of Paris, prominent travelingman, former member of the ParisCity Council, and for years in theretail shoe business in Paris, veragenuinely shocked to hear of his'-sudden death, which occurred atthree o'clock Wednesday morning athis home on Duncan avenue.Mr. Montgomery, who travels for. a big Eastern wholesale shoe firm1 in the West, had been at home inParis since November, on account of, 'being in poor health. He had beenjable to be around, but had beenReeling the effects of his indisposition, and spent most of his time at"home. Thursday afternoon Mr.Montgomery made a business trip, toLexington., Late Tuesday afternoon, upon hisreturn, while in a chair in a Main'Street barber shop, he had a slightattack of heart trouble. A physician was called, who administered'remedies, and took Mr. Montgomeryfliome. Late in the night he hadanother attack, and about threeo'clock on Wednesday, the third attack, resulted in death dn a shorttime.' Mr. Montgomery was a native ofSumter, N. C. He came to Parisabout thirty-five years ago, and hasresided here continuously since,with the exception of the time hewas traveling for his house. Previous to engaging in business nParis, Mr. Montgomery resided on afine farm near North Middletown.He married Miss Nannie Scott, ofnear North Middletown, who alons- survives him.Mr. Montgomery was a man ofmost pleasing address and genialways, whose circle of friends included all classes and walks in life.He Was popular to the highest degree. As a business man he wasone of the kind to whom the wordbusiness pieant honesty and fairdealing. As a member of the City' Council he was at all times watchfulof the city's interest and was a most" capable representative of the peo-pie in that capacity. He was amember of Couer de Lion Com-jnatidery No. 26, Knights Templar,v and kindred Masonic bodies, and theParis Lodge B. P. O. E., amongwhom his genial qualities and sterling worth were greatly esteemed.The funeral was held at the family residence on Duncan avenue,yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The burial followedon the family lot in the Paris Cemetery, the committal services at thegrave being under the auspices ofthe Knights Templar.The pall-bearers were: Dr. W. T.Brooks, Dr. J. M. Williams, EmmetM. Dickson, J. Walter Payne, Robt.C. Talbott, B. M. Renick, Ben Woodford, Jr., and J. Stuart Roberts.GRIFFITH.The funeral of Mrs. MargaretK. Griffith, aged eighty-two, whodied at her home near Broadwell,in Harrison county, Tuesday afternoon, at three o'clock, was held atthe family home yesterday afternoonat two o'clock. Services were conducted by Rev. J. T. Sharrard, after which the body was placed inthe family vault on the place, becides that of her husband.Mrs. Griffith was the widow ofMr. Wm. K. Griffith, and was formerly Miss Margaret I K. Spears,daughter of John K. and EmilySpears, of the county. Sixty-twoj ears ago she was married to M.i Griffith, coming to Paris, wherethey resided for many years on thefarm on the Winchester pike, nearthe edge of Paris. After the homewas destroyed by fire Mr. and Mrs.Griffith moved to Harrison county,where they bought the fine farm onwhich they resided, known as SilverLake Farm. Mr. Griffith was one ofthe most substantial land-owners inHarrison. His death occurred ut(the family home on Dec. 25, 1915.Mrs. Griffith is survived by twochildren, Mrs. J. " T. Sharrard, ofPa.ris, and Mr. Hubbard Griffith, ofgrandchildren, Mrs. Powell Bos-worth, Misses Nancy and MargaretGriffith and Mr. King Griffith, ofBourbon county, Miss MargaretGriffith and Mr. Kerfoot Griffith, ofKansas City, Mo.; two sisters, Mrs.J. Will Bedford, of near Paris;Mrs. W. H. Clay, of Lexington, andone brother, Mr. Sol. Spears, of Columbia, Mo.Mrs. Griffith was a woman whoI had always enjoyed excellent healthComingAttractionsTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, February 1stLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.WM. S. HARTin "Prowlers of the Plain"Wm. Desmond in Triangle feature"FLYING COLORS"All Star Triangle Playerr in Comedy- "His Unconscious Concience"Also Animated Weekly News.Alamo Orchestra, under the directionof Walter H. Scribner, will feature Ohaminade's 'Scarf Dance 'Saturday, February 2nd Monday, February 4thEdward Earle and Betty Howein the Vitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature'The Blind Adventure'From the Saturday Evening Post Story,"The Agony Column," by EarlDerrBiggers.Also Big V Comedy"DUMMIES AND DECEPTIONS"Alamo Orchestra will feature Balletfrom Faust."Marguerite Clarkin "BAB'S BURGLAR"the second of a series of Miss Clark's, thefirst being "Bab's Diary."Charlie Murray, Wayland Trask and MaryThurman in Paramount MackSennett Comedy"THAT NIGHT"Alamo Orchestra will feature "TheRosary," "A Perfect Day."PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Rarls Grand 7 to 10:30until recent years. Her illness wasof but two weeks' duration, duemainly to the infirmities of age.MOORE.Mr. George A. " Moore, whosedeath at Lexington, and burial atMillersburg, Monday, was recordedin these columns, was a resident ofParis for many years. For a longtime he was in the book and stationery business with the late EdgarSanders, in the building now occupied by the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. He was also associated withthe firm of Davis, Varden & Moore,who operated a drug and bookstorebusiness in the storeroom now occupied by Leer Stout's Cafe. Mr.Mcore was a man of fine intellectand, made a host of friends in Paris,who regret to learn of his death.RANKIN.Mr. Cyrus Newton Rankin,aged sixty-two, died at his home inFalmouth, after an illness of elevenmonths of Bright's disease. He i',survived by three brothers, one ofwhom, Mr. T. B. Rankin, resides inBourbon county. The funeral andburial took place at Sunrise, in Harrison county. 'It will be remembered that Mr.Rankin's wife was killed by a trainat Hayes Station a few months ago,when she attempted to cross thorailroad tracks after having alighted from a train from Falmouth.Vir "-,'iiMore Money From the Same FeedThat's the experience of every farmer who uses AvalonFarms Hog-Tone. "Tone" a hog and he thrives better.He assimilates a bigger percentage of his food. He is notheld back in his growth by the dozens of parasites anddisorders that are an ever present menace to his growth.Read' this letter about getting more value from the samefeed.THE AVALON FARMS COMPANY,Chicago, 111.In answer to your inquiry of my succes in feeding HogTone, will say that it has been with good success. I wouldsay that it is a great appetizer, and will also say that it isbenefieial to any hog that is not feeding out good. A manwill get more feeding values from his feed if he will keephis hogs in good condition and I have found no better conditioner than Avalon Farms Hog-Tone.JOHN W. GANDY, Albion, Ind.It's only plain business sense treat every herd of hogyou raise withAVALON FARMS HOG-TONEFor Sale By4RDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREETPARIS, KENTUCKYmifjpPfs?p.iV"JCmDeJARNETT.The funeral of the late Mr.Joseph B. DeJarnette, who died athis home near Hutchison, Monday,was held Wednesday afternoon attwo o'clock, with services at thegrave in the Paris Cemetery, conducted by Rev. G. R. Combs, pastorof the Paris Methodist church. Th3funeral party left the DeJarnettehome at 1:30, coming by automobiles. The pall-bearers were Robert D.Adair, James C. Adair, James McClure, S. S. Ardery, Sr., M. R.Jacoby and Silas E. Bedford.title of the program to be used bythe Christian Endeavor of the Christian church, Sunday evening, whichis the thirty-seventh anniversary ofthe great Endeavor movement. Theentire program is one of interestand is the most impressive demonstration ever given here. Every onois welcome at the service. Themembers are especially urged to bepresent and help win the contest.WB te?MATRIMONIAL.BROOKS ASHCRAFT.Miss Mary Brooks, of the county, and Mr. Albert D. Ashcraft, ofParis, were married Wednesday afternoon at the home of the officiating minister, Rev I. J. Spencer, inLexington. They were accompaniedby, Miss Bertha Harney and Mr.Welburn Crump, also or this county.Mr. and Mrs. A.shcraft will go toNelson county to reside.m i mBIRTHS. .w V r F V 9 'In Chicago, 111., Sunday, to thewife of Mr. Carroll A. Teller, ofChicago, a son. The mother wa3formerly Miss Lucille Price, daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac L. Price,of Paris. Mrs. Price is now in Chicago with her daughter.QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a diiference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods maybe 4,as repieseted," but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets . . . . 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine and Spruce Balsam25c aad 50c per bottle NAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Tcilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lot of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Established 1878 415 Main StrThis Store Will Be Closed on MondaysCAMERON.The funeral and burial of Mrs.Elizabeth Cameron, aged seventytwo, who died at her home in CojVington, Monday, after a long illness, was held in Battle Grove Cemetery, at Cynthiana, Wednesdaymorning at' ten o'clock. Mrs. Cameron formerly resided in Paris. Shewas an aunt of Mrs. John Merringerand Mr. Charles Kendall, both of;Paris. She is survived by four ch.il- jdren. IPRICE.Engineer J. Ed. Price, who wa.-ibaidly injured in a wreck on the L.& N., near Conway, last week, died'in a Covington hospital from his in-Jjuries. Mr. Price was well-knownin Paris, and was very popular withthe railroad men. His home was inCovington, but a large portion ofhis time was spent here. Railroadmen from Paris attended the funeraland burial at Covington.TS Pi P3RELIGIOUS.aranceSale!A PRSCE-SLASHING SALE OF WINTER FOOTWEAR! In spite of the high pricespraaiSing in sfroedom, we are compelled to make a GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURNINTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER0TWEAR!The Following are But a Few of the Many Extraordinary BargainsThat Await You Here :Bishop Lewis W. Burton, ofLexington,, will conduct services atSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity, at 10:45 Sunday morning.Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Th-.public i3 invited to hear BishopBurton.The Presbyterian church willhold regular services in the courthouse, Sunday morning at 10:4o'clock. The pastor will exchangepulpits with Rev. I. C. Hunt, pastor jof Madison Avenue Presbyterian!church, Covington, Ky. The congregation will unite with the otherchurches of Paris for the nightservice.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet at thecourt house at 6:30 Sunday evening. A program of especial interest has been arranged for this occasion. The public is cordially invited to attend . Much interest isbeing manifested in the contest, andgood crowds are turning out, and ithoped will continue to do so.Look on the Fields," is theMen's Tan English Shoes o a($5.00 values at Qd.'iVMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon &a r; a$5.50 values at p.tJllMen's Patent English Nettleton andtfjo qj-other makes $7.00 values at youoMen's Gun Metal Button Walk-Over, do CO.small sizes, at $0DJMen's Gun Metal Button 49 a aS3. 50 values at $&.ckUMen's Gun Metal Lace d-i qq$2.75 values at Ql.vvBoys', Misses' and Children's$3.49Ladies' Havana Brown Tan English$5.00 values atr j: 1 tv i m t-i t t -r-.uauies vans. an .uiinsn Jtsoots t j jj?6.00 values at $4.4ULadies' Tan Louis Heel Boots tfo nr$6.00 values at $O.SDLadies' Black Kid and Grey Cloth 9 jnTop Boots $5.00 values at $0,411Ladies' Gun Metal Button 0 4n3.00 values at $Z.4ifLadies' Assorted Small Size di a -1 nrShoes $4.00 values at.. ..$1 .0-1.5101Shoes at Clearance Sale Prices.Lot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cSale Now Going On!For Cash Only!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reign1(11s