uura-n 'CT"'"VN .-JL7 - sPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY tN THE YEAR.VOLUMEfXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 1918BOURBONTHE'S.Ti-,. s; ?nft. 1TWOCHILDREN BURNED TODEATH.One of the most horrible forms ofieath that of being burnedcame to two Bourbon county chil-dren Saturday afternoon, from the;the examining trial, which will besame cause, their clothing catching I held before ounty Judge Battertonlire from an open grate.On Saturday afternoon, Nettie, afour-year-old daughter or Mr. JohnWilloughby, a tenant on the farm ofMr. Wm. Woodford, .on the Winchester pike, received burns which resulted fatally a few hours later. Thelittle girl had just come in thehouse and was standing with heroack to an open grate fire, when her-dress caught fire, and she was amass of flames in an instant. Herscreams "brought help rrom membersof the family in an adjoining room.The little one was brought to theMassie Memorial Hospital, In Paris,where she died a few hours later.The same afternoon, Gpldie, theaix-year-old daughter of Mr. andMrs. John Elam, residing on theJno. Redmon farm, near North Middletown, was so badly burned thatthat death ensued in a short time.The child had been coasting in theyard with her little brother. A. fallfrom the sled into a snow ban.caused her clothes to become wet,and she went into the nouse to drythem. While standing before anopen grate fire her clothirfg caughtnre, enveiopmg uer xa. u, ouCCl.flame from feet to head, causing j"burns from which death ensued ina few hours. Her brother was alsoTmrned in endeavoring tothe fianies.smotherfS& &B-4 PI REInsure withi r uiMTAM 2, CAN AocTTvf IIUllVIl uv ' ''&' ,TOBACCO BARN BURNED.1 iT. Vnw anntnininer Q ftHAiV UDittv;U UUU uuutamjut, H)""" I-nounds of 30-cent tobacco, farmingimplements and vemcies oi an smw i rrenty-five overcoats -represent-Tjelongingto W. P. Newman, near ipg lues to $25, are .placed' in one"Maysville, was destroyed by 'fire, great" lot for $15.50; twenty-fivewhich originated from a wood stove overcoats representing Values toIn the stripping room. $18r,Nbre placed in one great lot forfc fc fc - n j $1.50. Must we urge you to"hurry?iJ5nind "" UMnln H0BBRS-PATEG ?tK, Woodford & Brytn. ? 8treflt' Pari8' KTFRANStore Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCESALE'UNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSOFFERED ARE SOLD..i!SPECIALONSUITSCOATSvandDRESSESWe advise the purchase of all needs as eettiyas possible, as prices continue to advance,FRANKv-YICTBE OF- SHOOTING DIES ATHASSIE HOSPITAL.Whatever motives, prompted OscarJohnson to shoot Walter A. Riceare probably known only to himself,and "will likelv be broueht out atin the County Court, at ten o'clockto-inorro-rr morning.Rice, who was hurried to theMassie Memorial Hospital, immediately after the shooting in Ahearn& Burton's resaurant, wavered between life and death until 9:30o'clock Thursday night, when deathgained the' mastery over medicalscience. The immediate cause ofdeath was given as pneumonia,which developed after an operationhad been - performed by Drs. C. G.Daugherty and. Jas. A. Orr, to remove the bullet from Rice's rightlung. The physicians , believed ateaved, and their hopes ran high un-!til Friday night, when the unequal!struggle gave death the upper hand.The body was sent to Rice's former home in Lexington, Friday afternoon. The funeral and burial took placeat Stanford. Mr. "Rice is survivedI by his wife aid three children ; hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesRicef one sister, Mrs. Mattie Griffin and four brothers, W. B. Rice,C. J. Rice, L. H. Hice and A. B.Rice, all of Livingston.A warrant issued Friday byCounty Attorney Cline, chargingjonnsoii witn wnfUi murder, wa3reaa to Johnson, who was broughtfrom the jail and arranged beforeCounty Judge Batterton. The pris-oner waa visibly affected. He stated to the court that he had no money with which to employ an attorney, but that he believed his relatives, three brothers-in-law, residing: in Bond. Ky., and a brotherliving in Hamilton, .Ohio, wouldrniriA trt hia sHrt TT ripnlinpri- to talkabout the shooting or of anythingthat led up to it...juj ..j.'.i.judxiuii.K & CO.'--tPRICESALL.At."Wf-lJ.r"?&CO,. EXAMINATION OE REGISTRANTSxOut of a list of sixty young men,Vvho were examined Saturday bythe Bourbon County Board of Exemption under the selective draftact, but three failed to meet thephysical requirements. The following is a complete list of those accepted Friday and Saturday:George Goff.Ike Holman.Jim Thornton.Hichard English.Alva Mi BarnetWWalter Hobert Case.. Selby Biddle.William Lee Livers. ',',Land Thomas. y :Martin Stephen Glenn. - - ." -Clarence Willis.William Washington. . v'Ed. Victor. SGeorge Henry Brown.Otis Coldiron. xFrank Lapsley Haskins. -Sidney E. Ormes. ' "Matt Adams. ".Warren Anderson.John McKee Johnson.Simon Offutt Buchanon.Willie Lee Edwards, Jr."Richard Henry Jackson.Jesse Beckett.Wilburn Crump. ."James Lewis Thomas. ( .Edward Thomas Jefferson. ' -John Q. Livengood.James T. Ingram.Thomas Nichols.Dudley Davis. ,William Russell Blount.Charles Johnson. ,.' Augustus Howard.Will Cross. INelson Patterson. " ,William Patterson.James M. O'Connell.Robert Hall. - .Charles Weaver.Frank Dumphard. " r;iJohn A. McNamara. ' .George Henry Franklin.Leslie B. Fitzpatrick. v 'Joe Hill.William P. Peddlcord.Walter Veaci.Willis Keith. -Rolla Helthenstine. .,Ed. Mitchell.Ollie Simpson Lewis. ;'Willie Roe.Thomas McVay.. ' 'Noah Clark. . r-...-iHaywood Bishop.Raymond Carter. ,.-Wilmer Williams. "Palmer Brown. x-Ernest Watson. . -VHenry Henderson.Harry Barton.William Warren.Elijah Richardson..Taylor Dotyv Henry Patterson.James Jackson.Gabriel M. Parharif.Henry Robinson.Will Johnson.. ;Harrison Daniels.Howard Miles.Bennie Harrison Williams.Homer J. Hornback.Joe Bird.Herman Faulconer.".sir J?-Steven Darty Chinn.Blair A. Varden.Albert Crook. ,Carl A. Schrote.Jake Earlywine.Jesse Howe.Andrew Mitchell.Lee Fithiah Brown.Fred Allen 'Burgin. ,Sello Wollstein.Thornton F. Rigdon.sV?George Washington.Joe Reed .Clyde J. Calvert.Arthur Chinn.W. H. Deering.Harvey Nichols. --Wallace E. Harris.Bernard J. Santen.Edgar Ward.Lewis Hawkins.Joseph Q. Frakes.George Fisher Collins.Kimbrough Duvall.Olliver Benjamin Kellis.Clay Brown.George Hugh Blythe.Russell Brooks.Jake Saloshin.Walter Brown.-t -.-'. Henry Scott.The following is a list of thosewho went to the District Board" onexemption on agricultural and othergrounds,- but were denied, and putin class Al. These men have beencited to appear before the Board onI Friday and Saturday:FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8.Henry Ward Beecher Bell.Charles H. Butler; Jr.Charles Howard Day.John Mack.William Wilson.Edgar Williams Dodge, - .Roy Hoard Lovell.Willis Jacoby.Charlie Nichols.Virgil Harney. - 'Claude Linville. '"Frank L. Cox. ': J -v -"'Henry Shannon.Lewis Rankins.Daniel C. Gay."3Ben Howard. . tJohn Mr StuarfT - : ? -SilasSmith.John Williams Webb. ;- .R. Weaver Talbott. , .Robert M. Pollitt.Carl Lenox.-:.James Claypool. . . . ,Lucfus Desha Johnson.Howard Cornealson. i . .Lee Grifc.es. " -' .fSpencer Rigg.Mike Shannon. ... -' ,Milton Prebble. -Clarence! Allen BontaV . vHervey Herrington.-,Canlus Wells.Jess Guess. :..Elmer Caywood". - 'Emile Stone. Rains. ; . j,v" vCharlie Be,ll Fitzpar:i'cksjr:W5S...S,Adfin, Rabey.- " 'PZ'..NEWS OF WOMEN'S WORKJ INTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN. . -'at Cincinnati. Mr. 'Young has had J"""nored fired four shote atThe following questionaire was considerable experience, and some I current, also colored, oacompiled by Mrs. Lafferty, Chair- time ago made trial flights at hia snot takin effect in Current's Iivr.man of History;, State Federation, home with a machine of his own The oter three shots missed theAny readervhp can answer any or -construction.. .mark. .an auese win De renaermg a greathistories are very incomplete, manyWTOIfiO tn tho fnfn if ha ry cylta. tTr.H yonhomr T'-.Tv. -,. i i : j.w . Wi ouc vi cij- xa,jiui, vta a.u uome sev- irom. tne effects of the shotnf iha WrtT;' mc n,. o... wtrt ;' I," xi?,. f; urrent, according toUii "umviiD viuuo. wui t3Latr. iiinnii 1a ciic,afit;u ill Liie r. ivi- i : i01 our valuable relics have found a camp.i esting place in Northern museums Corporal Guy Morris ..paid a surMrs. Lafferty is especially anxious prise -visit to relatives in Paris 'andto get data from Bourbon county, Ruddles Mills last week. Comoralthat on record is very meager. Let'us xaice stocK, maite inquiry, ans-wer these questions and forward:QUESTIONAIRE:What" monuments or markers havebeen erected in your county?ro wnom, or mt commemorationof what event were they erected?When and by whom?Were any State funds appropriatefor their erection? If so, how much?Were there any pioneer forts, orblock houses m your county? If so,ywill you locate them?Are there any historic sites InjVille, has received an appointmentyour county upon wniclt you deem j as Master of Trains for the U. S.it wise to erectmarkers? If bo,pvhat are they?Are there any road maps in yourcounty upon which you can Indicateany historic sites that are alreadysuitably marked for the benefit -oftourists?Has a history been published oivour countv? If so. bv whom was.in written and when?Are there, or have -there been anyhistorians in your county? If so,what have they .written?Are their works available for reference?Are there any old diaries, manuscripts, letters, music or land grantsin your county? If so, will you locate and catalogue them for this department?Have you any files or early newspapers of your county? If so, whatwere .they and what 'were theirdates? ...."Have the churches of your countypreserved their - membership lists,their marriage and birth records?Are the old marriage records,will books, deed books and borderbooks in your County Court Housei carefully preserved 'and easy of ac-J2 cess.4b thos 'doing research work,Tipttpi your county? If not wlttydrt- V ' I undertake to- arouse an atmreciationof their Value and .an '. interest intheir preservationAre there any old bboks, magazines or pamphlets in yOur countyrelating to the history, religion, education, drefes, manners or customsof pioneers? If so, will you catalogue them for1 this Department?Kindly locate and catalogue thehistoric relics in your county andinclude this most important list Inyour report. vVery respectfully,MRS. W. T. LAFFERTY.,Chairman Dept. of History of theKentucky Federation of "Women's Clubs.m m mK. OF P. SOCIAL SESSION.There was a good crowd out toattend the social session of Rath-bone Lodge, Knights of Pythias,held at two o'clock Sunday afternoon in the K. of P. Hall. Thislodge at one time held the recordfor team work in Kentucky and Itis the desire of the members that iaerain take its Dlace in the frontrank. ' fOrrin T. Estes.Silas Mattox.Ollie Roe.Nelson Robert Craft.John Mabry Terry.Jesse Roe.SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9.Walter Brown Crump.John Jerome Langenfels.H. C. Peterson.James Mclntyre.Sherman Jennett.William Buckner.William Thomas Genedon.rGeorge Edward Burns.John Frye.Earl Brown.Homer C. Robertson.,Orie Harvey Smith. i.Simpson D. Rainey.Edgar King Lovell.Will' Rhorer.Robert Thomfteon Evans.McClure Crouch.Reynolds Buckler.Archie B. Lucas.Eric Raymond Hutchinson.William Anderson. Parker.John P. Burns. ' . -Jesse Foster Crouch.Norman B. Moss.R. Mitchell Brown.Josiah Ashurst Jones.Harry Hubble Chinn, Jr.Walter Johnson.Robert Montgomery Adair.William Everett-Frymkn'..Nicholas Florence. "Allen Curtis.Burnam C. Carmichaei: ' -ClarenceRogers. ,y'Will Hughes.William Jerome Burns.William P. "Quinlan.Justice Lee Guthrie:John Robert Mitchell.John T. Price.Russell Clay Day..";i'jm THESERVICE OECOUNTRY.THEIRStanley Young and Flournoy Ha-Can. Of North AfirlrnptrTxrr Hrfh ovpert mechanics, have enlisted n TheAviation Corns o the arinv.rvnAlieut. u. u. Hinton, of CamnA. branch of the army service in theMorris had not been off duty sincelast February having been stationedI at Richmond, Indiana, before being'assigned to Camp Zachary Taylor.l He is a fine looking "Sammy,"standing six feet, -four inches in hisstocking feet, and weighing 195pounds. Corporal Morris gainedtwenty-six pounds weight while atthe camp, showing Uncle Sam'sfare is agreeing with the soldiers.Mr. James G. Metcalfe, Jr.,Master of Trains at Paris for thisdivision of the Louisville' & Nashservice in France. Mr. Metcalf willrank .as 'First Lieutenant; to whichhe has been commissioned.Capt. Neville C. Fisher, formerlynf "Pnvic nn-nr cfotlnno1 of rVi-mnipfiWon' TCnncnc hn hopn nnt.ed to the rank of Major with an increase of salary to $4,000. MajorFisr is a son of Mrs W H. Fisher,a"u ulo"fei U1 AU1- VV1" r- uuwof Paris. He has a large circle offriends here who will be pleased tohear of his promotion. -Mr. Frances Cheek, of Danville,son of Dr. and Mrs. Frank J. Cheekformerly of Paris, who is attendingthe Russlacer Polytechinc Institute,is now a member of the EnlistedEngineers' Corps of the U. S. army,with the rank of First Sergeant.Mr. Cheek was a member of theclass of 1914 at Centre College.CAMP TAYLOR GETTING READYFOR NEW MEN.Much speculation exists at Camo,Zachary Taylor as to when the nextincrem.ent of men wilj arrive . and I-whether they will consist of tfye 35 I A. J. Humphreys, a Mt. Sterlingper cent, still outstanding on the florist, has filed suit through Joha.first draft, or men Hste4 under Class g. winn, attorney, against the CenA, under the recent questionnaire TBi 'Kentucky Natural Gaa Coiaclassincatipn. Word is daily expect- pany foT $81)0 damages. It is clainid frojmJWaJ.inrtoai - , . eft jn the petition-' that the gas floVCamp; Taylor " has alfeady beenjwa3 low and inefficient duringth.placed in readiness r to receive the recent severe zero weather and thatnew men and the time of their ar-jag a result plants were frozen ani;rivals, officers believe, is near. damaged in the amount asked. ItfcsThe troops of the national army the first suit filed at Mt." gterlinff .now consist of 65 per cent, of the against the company, but it is. saiaoriginal draft of 650,000 men. Ithat others are contemplated.WE KNOW HW:8Suu iuu ouner ww mi jCOLDis.IJIf You Do. Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSole ShoesYour feet will never become cold and damp. There isno other shoe made that will give you the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rests those aching feetand an invisible cork inner sole that keeps the dampnessfrom seeping in. Dr. Reed's Shoes ard made m all" stylesand sizes. Black Vici Kid an4 Calf Skih$9.00 PAIRTKe Nettleton Shoe You All KnowMany customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year after year, and forthe man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shoes he isamong our satisfied shoe customers. Nettleton Shoes hold,their shape, and no matter how long you wear them youwill find they hold their original shape until the last bit ofwear has left them.$ 12,00 and $12.50MITCHELL &Stetson Hats Manhattan Shirtsx Duofold fftalth UudarwaarNEGRO SH00TIHG AEPRATShort street, a small street in tkneighborhood of the old -rOrtllrto-' ..ataj Sunday evenZ ' i.bUn ,y e7enm- when FramkCurrant died vfrHn nffQJohnsnstatement,- met him on Short street.u.na. accused mm of selling a piatof whiskey to his (Current's) wif.Johnson denied the charge and te.the argument that followed, Cur-rent made a motion as if to dnura weapon. Johnson drew a revolver and fired four shots, with taresult stated above.Johnson was arrested - by Patrolman Geprge W. Judy and placed imlthe Paris jail to await the result atCurrent's wound. Current has beea familiar figure in jthe courts. Bwas -arrested on one occasion oacharges of bootlegging on twentytwo counts, being fined $100 oaieach count. He had served part ofthe time out, when he was pardonoi.by the local Pardoning Board.HURT IN FALLS ON ICY STREETS-Icy-covered pavements and street,are claiming victims everywhere.Mrs. Pollie Kane, who resides at thacorner of Eighth street and Walkeravenue, sustained painful bruiseaabout the head and shoulders Frl-day by a fall on the icy-pavement.,Mr. James Grinnell, Jr., fell on thapavement, fracturing the ankle bondof his right foot, and badly spraining his left ankle. Botn. patientaare resting comfortablyMr. A. P. Bryan, one of the moprominent residents of North Middletown, fellon the pavement nearhis home in that place Saturday,,breaking his hip. On account of hlsadvanced age, eighty-six years, Mr.Bryan's family and-friends are apprehensive of the result of his fall.MT. STERLING FLORIST SUESGAS CO. FOR LOW PRESSURE..xr 1AK4.U fFEET?yxBLAKEMORE7Vr. r-; i &i$0 '$&&.-- -..a-i -:,,Sv-; ;tJ'-''..?:.em2i . v - .v - :&y "'' &H.yAk v .i&U JBi - ivc . C'rtl.. ,". .'& . ..- -ir-??fe?5K' v.; ; ,-.f i-. ''r '& !i", fe:kvf -.-."iP."-. -Wfer.iV.,?Eai3-Sir-?&, -,$vf-A.:.rvt tr:-.'Sfe'.A.&?-i3??yijjr-f w ' 7f wjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EY.TURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, If If.PAGE TWO&. Aj-'.?r; -I4-4t!1BOURBON NEWSsblished 188135 Yean of Continuous Publication.bltshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... ?2.00 Six Months... 1.00Payable In -Advance.WIFT CKAMP. Editor and OwneAny -erroneous reflection upon the-ciiaracter, standing or reputation of-any person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected i brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion." Reading -Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andeimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe ' cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.that their interests are interwovenwith those of their fellow-publishers,and that if any marked progress is to be made in the countrynewspaper field it niust be the result of county newspaper ownersmoving as a unit and not as individuals. The influence of a singlecountry newspaper, except withinthe sphere of its circulation, ismeaningless. The individual country newspaper has and can have noweight in shaping national legislation prejudicial to its interest. Butthe country press singing as a unitsings quite a different song. It ismore powerful in Washington thanall the city newspapers put together. Once let the country newspaper publisher realize this, oncelet him develop a breadth of mindsufficient to induce him to merge afew pet ideas into action aimed atthe common good, once let him become sufficiently unselfish to fightfor those things which will benefitthe country press as a whole, thoughthey may not affect him individually, and the day of the countrynewspaper will have dawned.GOVERNMENT TO RECALL- NEWSPAPER PASSESALLGive President a Chance!President Wilson is vested withgreater power than any man on- earth. The authority , he exercisesty' virtue of the constitution and re, .cent acts and resolutions of Congress is greater than the German" mperor enjoys. As Commander in' Chief of the military, and navalforces of America he can do any-thing he pleases as long as Congress- f-upplies the money.If centralization of authority inone man is a requisite of success inwar we lack "nothing on that score.The difference between this countryand Germany' is that America wasorganized on a peace basis and wexiever expected to be forced into a;great European war, whereas Germany has spent 40 years in preparing for this war, as we now know.Having the generally admitted military advantage of a dictatorship in' time of war, America will be themost formidable of military Powersbefore the end of the year if the'theory proves sound in practice.Some members of both Houses of'Congress demand a War Cabinet to' assist the" President. That wouldf- weaken his authority and stand in'the way of his making quick decis-i kuop suq oh 3sxoua2j8raa ni snotfio much and has done so well that"the American people will prefer togive the war dictatorship idea a fair1 test before interfering with it.Colonel Roosevelt, critic in chiefi -of the Administration, would not" listen to proposals for a War Cabinet if he were in the White House." Why should Congress listen to him- and his friends who are advocating-r?a-War Cabinet?Help Paris Grow.If you like the old town best,Tell 'em so!If you'd have her lead the rest,Help her grow!Wihen there's anything to doLet the fellows count on you,You'll feel bully when it's through,Don't you know.If you want to make a hit,Get a name!If the other fellow's it,Who's to blame?Spend your money in the town,Where you pull the sheckles down,Give the mail concern a frownThat's the game!If you're used to giving knocks,Change your style!Throw bouquets instead of rocks,For a while.Let the other fellow roast,Shun him as you would a ghost,Meet his hammer with a boastAnd a smile.When a stranger from afarComes along,Tell him who and what you areMake it strong.Needn't flatter, never bluff;Tell the truth, but that's enough,Join the boosters they're the stuff,We belong.Up Against It Again!Ordinarily we expect in Kentuckymore than a day's relief from lowtemperatures. The cold wave whichsends the mercury below zero usually is followed by gradually risingtemperature, clear skies and a thorough thaw. But this time, as previously since December, that it notto be the case. The weather forecast is for zero temperature again.Weather prophets differed in December as to whether the abnormalcold of the early winter meant thatwe were to have the worst of itearly and an easy time later. Thepessimistic prophets seem to havetriumphed in their gloom. Alreadywe have had more zero nights thancommonly occur in four winters,and possibly the worst is yet tocome.First Vice-President W. L. Mapother, of the Louisville & Nashvillelailroad, has sent out notices to allnewspapers with which they haveexchange advertising contracts thaithe same must be returned at once,as they have been cancelled, according to General Order No. 6,issued by the Director-General ofRailroads, dated at Washington,January 28, which provides at follows :"No passes or free transportationshall be issued by any carrier underFederal control or to any official ofsuch carrier unless the issuance ofsuch transportation is expressly authorized by the act of Congress entitled: An act to regulate commerce: approved Feb. 3, 1887, andamendments thereto; and any suchpasses or free transportation heretofore issued not in conformity withsaid act must be recalled."This order applies to all carriersunder Federal control, whether interstate or intra-state."Inasmuch as the issuance oftransportation in exchange for advertising has, pursuant to the provisions of the act to regulate commerce been specifically prohibitedby the Interstate Commerce Commission, it becomes necessary forme to ask that the contract effectedwith your paper and all unusualtransportation issued thereunder bereturned1 immediately for cancellation." The order will also affect the attorney of the railroad, and numerous attorneys and other officers ofthe railroad who have been orderedlaid off during the war. The orderwill also necessitate the railroadcompanies returning the war taxwhich was paid by the applicantwhen malting application.m m tePARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.At the Fordham Alleys Mondaynight the Bourbon Laundry teamdefeated the Thos. W. Spicer' teamby a decisive majority of 140 pins.The high marks made for the teamswere as follows: Bourbon Laundry Funk 188, Taylor 178, Faulkner 175; T. W. Spicer Hill 177,Woods 175, Bridges 163. The scor"follows:MONDAY, JANUARY 2S.BOURBON LAUNDRY.Shanklin 155Faulkner 163Determan .. . ., ...162Taylor 151Funk 18821471251701781753139175153140149'War Saving Stamps.? One very good way to help theFederal Government and to helpyourself at the same time is by the.purchase of War Savings Stamps'amd Thrift Stamps. These stamp3. are' in reach of the masses. Every-"boay cannot buy Liberty Bonds, butpractically everybody can assist inAhis way and it is a splendid wayto save money and to cultivate the'habit of economy ana tnrut. pennies make dollars and if everybody buys War Stamps It will mean-a lot of money for Uncle Sam's wai;chest, and those who invest theVnoney will be doing themselves a- substantial benefit.(A large amount of money is "fool, 'Bd away" every day of the world oni purchases that are useless, -next to-useless or worse than useless. Itonly requires the saving of a fesv.pennies to get in on the stamp"proposition. It Ls an act of patriot' i&m to do so, but it also is an act.- "of, sound sense from every stand-point.,The United States must win thepresent war and in order to win the? l&ople must furnish the "sinews ofwar." Big, little, old and young mayassist by purchasing War SavingsStamps and it is not a- donationfor "Uncle Sam will pay you 4 perv recent, interest compounded quarterlyfand .your money back on January 1,' The Last Call.. Gne of those days the publishersof, the pountry newspapers will learnfniiv of laying a lofle hand.Be a Smiler!The woman who laughs, heartilyis a doctor without a diploma, f Herface does more good in a sick roomthan a bushel of powders or a gallon of bitter draughts. People arealways glad to see her. Their handsinstinctively go half Tvay out tomeet her grasp, while they turn involuntarily from the dampy touchof the dyspeptic, who j&peaks in thegroaning key. She laugns you outof your faults, while you neverdream of being offended with herand you never know what a pleasant world you live in until shepoints out the sunny streaks on herpathway.m i819 795 753T. W.k SPICER.12 3Bridges 153 163 142Woods 126 175 144Clark 154 154 154Swearnegen 152 152 152Hill 166 177 156751 821 756Bourbon Laundry 2470T. W. Spicer 2320Laundry Majority 140LLA PAIGE winter top means luxurious comfort in coldf weather every advantage of a smart Sedan at onlya fraction of the expense.These tops are made especially for the Paige Linwood"Six'so." They offer, not only complete protection fromthe elements, but a strikingly beautiful appearance as well.A new "Linwood" with winter top equipment costs $1528.50.Purchased separately, the price of the top is $230. Whynot see our dealer today?Essex Six " V 7 passtnger $177?; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passcnger 523J0. TonxnCar Six-55 7 pisstner $3230: Limcwsine Si-55" 7-pasengcr 53230;Sedan Si-55 -narujer $2850; Booklands 4-passcrger 5179), LinwcodSix-39"" ?-r.ascn8.r 51330. Glendale bix-39 Chummy Roadster $1330;Dartmoor "Six-39 2 cr 3 passenger $l?30. Sedan "Six-39 ' 5-passengcr $1925.All Prices f.o b. Detroit. - ,MtHSIPAIGE'DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICH. ;r Jf. P. WHITE ,LWitli r3lcleeron fc nousloa Garage, 4th and Uijrli Sts..3Parln:. w -ifffri9nmWjte&3" fiftlfte&BfA'..,NEVEE HEACHED LAST PAGE- TILL AETEE 20 YEARS.r sr e -CATARRHAL DEAENESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach, the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thi3tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tubrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an inflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system.Wfi will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75c.P. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-feb)NATIONAL SONG WEEK WILL BEOBSERVED IN KENTUCKY.On Wednesday night the R. P.Walsh team took a fall out of theCurtis Henry team by bowling a 40majority finish. The high mark.3made by individual members of thetwo teams were as follows: R. P.Walsh Thomas, 199 through threeframes, Jackson 180 and 168; Curtis Henry & Co. Burgin 177, Henry170, Burgin 167. The score follows: WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 39R. P. WALSH.1Thomas 166Santen 135Ewalt 143Kane ,131Jackson 18021661411281511683160129156151136"Reading should be a joy, not apenance," said Pett Ridge at theMansion House, in London, Eng.,after distributing prizes and certificates to pupils of the City of London College."Above all," he added, "learn toskip. Skipping is an exercise whichprevents obesit of the mind."Mr. Ridge told some amusing stories. "In a military hospital," he said,"a man asked me whether I couldget him 'Twenty Thousand LeaguesUnder the Sea..'"t He said, "I began it twenty years ago. I borrowed it from another man. Somebodypinched it from .me when I was halfway through ft, and I've never had qo iTinnoa rF rrof tin c trk tlin onrl nf ir " i 9I found the book and took it to 5him. Ho said, 'I'm very glad to i ?years O vWANTED!wmmmmmammmnimmmmmmammmEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Ourhave it. I began it twentyago .' Yes, but you've read a ilarge numbov of books Miire then,haven't rou?' The man replied, 'O.no;I never tried another.'isi Ea E3755 754CURTIS HENRY CO.1Jones . . . . 153Burgin 167Woods 146Posner 133Henry 170211017T1511191521333115122117122153769 709 629R. P. Walsh . ., 2247Curtis Henry & Co 2107R.P. Walsh Majority 40TKi tel tti 'THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.Do you have periodical attackB ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyesr If so, youcan get quick relier by takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and-you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe the directions with each package. (adv-feb)K& I IftPersonally, we sort of lost ouri preference for the West when thebest people out there began wearing leggins in place of quilted-topboots.It takeB three generations to makea gentleman, if Nature ""doesn't stepin and make a monkey of him.INDIGESTION.Take a fewIain's Tabletsdoses of Chamberas directed' for indi-National Song Week, commencing90 Jn k nWrv h TOn. gestion, and you will soon forgetU..J .., ...... WW ww. . w ... ....w.. ,tucky. State Superintendent V. 0.Gilbert is preparing to enlist theschools and clubs, choral societiesand other organizations are expected to learn and sing America, theNational Anthem, and the BattleHymn of the Republic.Sooner or later" they will understand cjaim the week.Chancellor Herting wants it understood that walking a swayingGovernor I wire carryincr water on both ehonla-vStanley probably will officially pro-lers witlibut spilling drop is-noasaboutit.yourstomach troubles4.Try-Cad v-feb)(easyas it , looks to spectators.On account of reduced attendance Iand chortage of fuel the KentuckyClassical and Business College atNorth Middletown was receded lastweek, not reopening until yesterday. The pupils spent the va-cationat their home, returning to school'duties yesterday.m 1 mThere's one thing the critics ofSecretary Baker can't gainsay. Hecertainly does write a nice, cheeryreview of what's going on. in thewa,r zone every week, even if it is3,000 piilqs away.Children's Day.Beginning Saturday, Feb. 2, amieach Saturday thereafter, will makespecial examinations of children'seyes. If your child is backward" inhis or her studies, and you havesuspected eye strain, bring them tonie and have a thorough examination made of their eyes. Yo-u owethem that much. Remember, everySaturday. Prices reasonable.DR. W. R. FRANKLINCumb. Phone 7.520 Main St.Burley Tobacco SeedFor Sale.The Vimont-Kelley variety is inmy opinion the best Burley overraised, in Kentucky. The Dolan &Goodman crop sold in Lexington at38 cents, was from my seed. Mr.Wm. Dudley has the record at Louisville with the same. Why notuse the best seed recleaned at theExperiment Station. 1 ounce $1.00,4 puncea $3.00, pound ?5.60, 1pound $8.00,C. E MARVIN,r Payne's Depot, Scott County, Ky,. -) ,r ,&oRxDEPARTMENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself. 'We Do jRe- Treacling andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGECop. Fourth and Pleasant St. .FOR SALEHandsome st o furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, (floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mission and Is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain. . Call at THEBOURBOk NEWS offlce. Bothphpntfrm. ()CAHAL BROSBARBER 6HOPPrompt andCourttoutPatrons.AtvMnlH.whuhd com4ftlfiALL CHTLDRElf LOVE"SYKUP OF JIGS" FORHVER AND BOWELSGive It When. Feverish, Cross, Bilious, For Bad Breath orSour Stomach.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that youtlittle one's stomach, liver and bowels need a gentle, thorough cleansing at once.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, givea teaspoonful of California Syrupof Figs, and ma few hours all thefoul, constipated waste undigestedff ? ai?lf0Uu b,1f SenUy m0VeS Utof its little bowels without griping,and you have a well, playful chiliasJJn j4. i t-mj AYou neednt coax sick children totake this harmless "fruit laxative;;they love its delicious taste, and iralways makes them feel. splendid.A& your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of : Figs' whichhas directions for babies, children otall asres and for ernwn-nns nlninlv. - A , :. JT e . arart oraers, ana men nttea inprinted on the bottle. Beware of other departments who are regardcounterfeits sold here Be sure you ed unfit for military service willget the genuine, ask to see that it be ao-neis made by "California Fig Syrup Tbis pr0Cedure has broUght anCompany " Refuse any other kind added burden to the members of thewith contempt.(adv)mm?evci occii a, jjuaucvin.i.m is mA man with a wooden leg is handicapped, but he is better than ablockhead.THANKS!Our Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Preceding Year.For this we extend ourthanks to our patrons andwish for them a happy andsuccessful year in 1918 intheir, business pursuits.CALLAGAINWILMOTKGrocery GoPhone 376The PetrogradTssVrtion that the ' tne examining physician as the pron i i. m -ii r 4.1 ,, . visions did not under the previousBolsheviki will reform the world is , -, , m. , . .,. ... . , draft order. The Board will prob-very disquieting to all who have , . . . ., , , , .,-, .. I ably complete its work and make itsThe Telephone's PartScattered all over the country are great campswhere officers are being trained, recruits whippedinto fighting shape, aviators and artillerymenschooled in their special arts, and non-combatantforces instructed.Along the coasts and on the lakes the forcesof the Navy are just as busy, preparing to throwthe nation's full strength against the foe.In the foreground of all this activity is theBell Telephone, linking even the farthest outpostswith headquarters and bringing all under directcentral control. Thousands of miles of new lineshave been constructed, hundreds of switchboardsinstalled, and unheard-of volumes of traffic, bothfrom government and private sources, are beinghandled.While it is now practically impossible to securethe badly needed additional equipment to takecare of the abnormal increase in telephone calls,our engineers are applying all the remedies knownto science and are adopting every means at theircommand to equalize the load on each switchboardso that no particular subscriber will suffer seriousinconvenience.We appreciate the problem before us and realize the service will probably be slowed down duringthe coming months. We want you also to understand the situation and to know that the operators are serving you cheerfully and to the extentof their ability under difficulties for which thereis no immediate remedy.HCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYkIncorporatedrTKinrrTAiT tw,,, - IjaA,rinjrxxu.ci xwAxvu HAS JNjdWREGULATIONS.The work of examination of theregistrants from this county underthe selective draft act proceedednicely last week. Calls issued bythe local Board for the appearanceof the registrants were responded towith but few exceptions. The majority of the men seemed to be inexcellent spirits, according to themembers of the Board, and weivanxious to get into the service.Under new regulations issued bythe Provost-Marshal General's officenewspapers are requested not topublish a list of the men who wepedeclared physically unfit. Under thenew order men who were rejectedoa their previous examination bythe Bi are coming in for theirsliare of the burd and f one.half of lhe number toned dQWn before wil1 be assigned to some branchof the service for the Government.Heretofore they have been rejectedfor some minor h ical defect b tunder the present h examination they win be turned into otherchanneis. Special service will beprovided for these 'men by the nev,.. , , . .Exemption Board, and especially toreport this week.Ss is IS-REDISTRICTING BILL PASSESSENATE.The administration Senatorial re-districting bill passed the SenateFriday afternoon by the vote of 30to 4. Senators Hinkle, Swinford,Whitaker and Carter casting thedissenting votes.It gives the Democrats 24, Republicans 10, and four districts aredoubtful.The bill, which was introducedby Senator Selden R. Glenn, wasprepared, in part, by Nat B. Sewell,State Inspector and Examiner. Senator Hiram Brock, who offered theRepublican redistricting bill, assisted Senator Glenn and Mr. Sewell inre-arranging the districts and per-. fecting the bill.I The counties of Lee, Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery, having apopulation of 74,957, the constituted the Twenty-eighth District.j m m m.WINCHESTER MEN INSPECT LOCAL KRESS BUILDINq.Among the business visitors inParis last week was Mr. H. H.Piper, manager of the Kress stores.at Winchester, who came to ParisJ for the purpose of making an inspection of the local Kress store.Mr. Piper was greatly pleased withthe arrangements and working ofthe Paris storer Eater on Mr. Piper,accompanied by Mr. Dalby, managerof the Paris store, and Mr. Redford.manager of the Kress stoie at Ashland, went to Lexington, on an inspection tour.' Many a man is fired with ambition, but it is a poor substitue forcoal.1SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. M. Hefley and childrenare visiting relatives in Lancaster.Capt. J. W. Taylor has returnedfrom a business trip to Shelbyville.Mrs. Joseph Jacoby, of nearParis, is visiting relatives in KansasCity.Miss Georgia Christman is athome from a visit to relatives inHarrodsburg and Danville.Mrs. Jerry Keller has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. John B. Conway, in Winchester. Miss Anna Belle Peterson ha3returned from an extended visit tofriends and relatives in St. Joseph,Mo.Mrs. W. D. Owens has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to her son, Mr. J. T. Owens,near Paris.Mis. Clark Wilson is ill withgrippe and tonsilitis at the home ofMr. and Mrs. David T. Wilson, onHouston avenue.Mrs. Wm. R. Scott has return -ed to her home in Louisville, aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis and North Middletown.Mr. Wm. W. Burley has returned to his hone in Wyandotte,Michigan, after' a visit to his son,Mr. A. L. Burley, on Eighth streetMr. J. L. Rice, of North Middletown, is a patient at the MassieMemorial Hospital, in this city, suffering from, an attack of appendicitis. Mr. James Spalding, a formerattache of THE NEWS office, hasgone to Louisville, where he hastaken a position with the firm ofSauer Bros.Mr. and Mrs. Oliver P. Mannand daughter, Mary Carter, willcome to Paris this week to maketheir home with Mrs. Mann's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Carter Martin.Mr. J. T. Tucker, Superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.'s Paris office, has returnedfiom New York, where he attendeda meeting of company superintendents and managers.Mr. James R. Thompson, ofCovington, was in Paris, Friday, superintending the removal of thehousehold goods of Mr. and Mrs.Percy A. Thompson to Covington.Lieut. Thompson is in the- army service, stationed at Camp Custer,Michigan.Mr. Matt M. Clay, formerly ofParis, has returned to his home inChattanooga, Tenn., after a visit tofriends and relatives in. Lexingtonand Paris. Mr. Clay came to Paristo attend the funeral of his aunt,Mrs. Margaret K. Griffith. tMrs. W. O. Hinton was thecharming hostess Thursday, at aluncheon, given in honor of MissMargaret Willis, whose marriage toMr. V. P. Drake will occur nextThursday. Mrs. Hinton entertainedin her usual unique way, and onthis occasion, added a touch of patriotism to the festivities. On theguests' arrival, they were givendust cloths to hem for the bride?and little original designs wereetched in colors, as a future reminder of their joyful occasion. Atthe noon hour, the guests were in-Anted into the dining room andasked to partake of a Hoover lunch.While it was a four course lunch, itwas strictly Hoover, as there wasneither wheat bread, meat orsweets, but the substitutes were sodelicious that the guests declaredtheir patriotism had increased to awonderful degree. The guestswere: Miss Margaret Willis, Mrs.Sam Willis, Miss Frances Clay, Mrs.J." W. Young, Jr., Mrs. Louis Taylor, 'Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs.Clell Turney, Mrs. Oscar Hinton,Mrs. C. A. McMillan, Mrs. RobertWinn, (Mt. Sterling), Mrs. JesseTurney, Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.,Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs. E. T. Hinton, Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Misses Mayand Lucy Colville, Mrs. J. T. Vansant and Mrs. Peed.Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock,Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs. Louis Taylor and Misses May and Lucy Colville entertained Miss MargaretWillis with a kitchen shower, at thebeautiful and hospitable home ofMrs. Turney, near Paris. After thearrival of the guests, Miss Williswas given the seat of honor, andMaster Amos Turney Taylor andlittle Eleanor Swearengen drew in awagon and a sled laden high withgifts for the bride-to-be. There wascertainly a shower of the most useful and appropriate gifts, flavoredwith good wishes and love. A delicious buffett lunch was served, thecolor scheme being red and white.Sach guest was given a souvenir ofthree illuminum measuring spoons.The guests weie: Miss MargaretWillis, Mrs. Sam Willis, Mrs. HarryB. Clay, Mrs. C. A. McMillan, MissFrances Clay, Miss Nell Crutcher,Misse Elizabeth Brown. Mrs. J. W.Young. Jr., Mrs. Frank Sledd, MissJanie Marsh, Mrs. Amos Turney,Jr., Mrs. Clell E. Turney, Mrs. J. T.Vansant, Miss Mary Ross, Mrs. W.O. Hintonn, Mrs. Duncan Bell,Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs. RobertWinn, Mrs. Newton Mitchell, Mrs.Kate Redding, Mrs. Charles Daugherty, Miss Mamie Holladay, Mrs. W.G. Talbott Miss Kate Edgar, Mrs.Jesse Turney, Mrs. Wm. Swearengen, Miss Woods, Mrs. James L.Dodge.(Other Personals on Page 5)INCREASE IN BONDS HELD BYBANKS TO SECURE NOTES.The Comptroller of the Curiencystate that during the nine monthsending December 31, 1917, UnitedStates Government bonds held ondeposit as surety for circulatingnotes of national banks increased by$19,054,890. ,Since March 31, 1917, the amountof bonds deposited has shown asteady increase each month, risingfrom $664,526,370 on the date mentioned to $683,581,260 at the closeof the year.. MILLERSBURGMrs. C. R. Jones and childrenare able to be out again.Regular meeting of'City Council at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday.Miss Rowland Dickerson, of St.Paul, Va., is a special student at theM. C.Mr. J. H. Stewart, Mrs. SarahShea and Master William Purdy areimproving.Recital at M. C. Chapel by theexpression class this evening ateight o'clock.Regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40, F. and A. M., at sevenp. m. this evening.Miss Mayme Collins, who hasbeen with Mrs. M. E. Martin, forseveral months, was compelled toreturn to her home at Headquarters,Thursday, on account of illness.Mr. G. W. Bramblett under-1 went an operation Saturday at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lex-ing, for gall stones. Over four hundred stones were extracted. He isdoing nicely at this writing."Pi s MU. S. NAVY WANTS BOYS PEOMKENTUCKY.Kentucky, an inland State, surprised herself and the country ingeneral during the year 1917 bysupplying the navy with 2,500 volunteers. Comparatively little is know ofour great navy in Kentucky, andthe majority of young men passup the opportunities it offers forservice in the army at lower pa3rbecause the advantages of a navalcareer has never been clearly presented to them. The young Kentuckian however has the material in.hini that makes an ideal sailor man.When war was declared the Government opened up a recruiting station at Lexington, Ky., withbranches located in various parts ofthe State. It became a success fromthe start and was later removed toLouisville.Sub-stations have been opened inLexington, Ashland, Covington,Owensboro and Paducah. At thesesub-stations men the given a preliminary examination and then senton to the main station at Louisville.Transportation and meals are furnished by the Government and Ifthe applicant does not pass he Izsent back to his home without cosMany of the Kentucky boys whoenlisted since last April are nowserving on torpedo bpat destroyersin the war zone. Tney are helpingrid the sea of the German submarine menace and at the sametime taking part in a game morethrilling than any charge "over the,top." Kentucky started tne JNewYear by sending 100 men to tnenavy the first week.M IBa mANXIOUS MOTHER WANTS TOLOCATE HER CHILDREN.The city and county authoritieshave been appealed to by Mrs. IdaTeal, of Berry, Ky., for assistancein the search for her two children,Lula Anna Sams and William FrankSams, who were placed in an orphan home several years ago. Mrs.Teal's first husband, the father ofthe children, was Harlan Sams.Her maiden name was Ida Hutchcraft. Mrs. Teal says the girl would beabout nineteen years old and theboy thirteen. She said that she hadbeen living in Winchester, and waswithout means, so that she has beencompelled to place the children inthe orphans home. She learnedlater, however that they had -beentaken to raise in private families.The mother declares that she willmake no effort to take the childreniaway from their foster parents, bufher desire is to "rest her eyes upontheir dear faces once more in life."Mrs. Teal says that she has triedin every way to locate the children.The girl had dark hair and eyes,and the boy had blue eyes and lighthair. Any information In regardto them should be sent to the mother at Berry, Harrison county, Ky.S TMI ?5iA HERO EVERY DAY.For remarkable coolness and amost commendable sense of humorunder dangerous conditions, theNavy Department has just receivedan account of a young sailor whosenerve will always be remembered,although his name does not appearin the reports. When the ArmyTransport Antille was sunk, tharmed guard supplied by the Navyand in command of Lieutenant R.D. Tisdale, displayed spjendid conduct, remaining calmly at theirstation while the ship was sinkingand making no move to reave theirpost until ordered to save themselves. It was when the ship hadgone down and the men werestrugging in the water that this unknown hero came into being. Hewas a member of a gun crew andwhen rescued was on top of an ammunition box which had floatedclear of the bhip in an upright position. When the young man saw theship coming close to him, he signalled for them to be careful, stating that the box on which he wasfloating contained live ammunition.. isisa TQ"Jim Ham" Lewis may not getinto history as the greatest .modernpolitical seer, but isn't he entertaining? 9y VLUCKY STRIKECIGARETTE7OU'LL enjoy this realXfull of flavor just as good- as a pipe.k NVIT'S TOASTEDThe Burley tobacco istoasted; makes the tastedelicious. You know howtoasting improves the flavorof bread. And it's thesame with tobacco exactly7 Guaranteed; byXJWttW)$6.50LouisvilleCourier-JournalDaily By Mail(Not Sunday) r'andThe Bourbon NewsYour Home Paper andNewspaper inAn ExcellentSubscriptions under this combined rate maybe sent to the office of the BOURBON NEWSor to the ARDERY DRUG CO., the CourierJournal Agent.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2-KBurley cigarette. If s'irNi'P'M J O H'AIIBthe Best Known Dailythis Sectioi.Combination !may both derive saiisfactionby having" their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while .the pleasure of wearing old clothes tha'thave the appearance pi new, in,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a great,ving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.- z. t14H-siitc -.,. ,.4l-if Mt4:Yt'?N"'' wuMian' n.iyuT .-ffi.r., ,7,1Vfl"Our AnnualBig CashSaleDunns1 Our AnnualBig CashTHE J. TTON CO.SPhones 36PARIS, KENTUCKYCor. 6th and MainDuringMiU1afFEBBUmNMBBSAVES YOU BIG MONEY!E had about decided not to have our BIG CASHSALE this year. We did not think we couldafford to at this time. But we realize you areexpecting and probably waiting for it, so we have decided to hold our annualFebruary and MarchCash Salejust as usual. We are not going to deviate in theleast from the customs we have established 20 percent discount from the regular marked price of anyarticle in the house, FOR CASH. NO STAMPSand NOTHING CHARGED at these prices. Goodscharged will be at the regular marked prices. OURBIG CASH SALE is UNUSUAL and UNIQUE, fromthe fact that we place our whole stock at your disposal.We have not bought a lot of cheap merchandise to holda bargain sale. YOU know we carry as good a stockas is in Central Kentucky. All of this is in our BIGSALE and our BIG SALE is just when you need it.Wall PaperDo not fail to take advantage of this big opportunity tore-decorate your home. Spring stock now in.SALE LASTS ALL OF FEBRUARY ANDMARCHSelec Your Goods Now and Have JThem Delivered When You Wish.NOW IS THE HMETo Furnish Your Homewith all the 'CHAIRS ANDROCKERS !$18 Rockers, sale price. .$14.40$15 Rockers, sale price . . 12.00$12 Rockers, sale price . . 9.60$10 Rockers, sale price . . 8.00$6 Rockers," sale price . . 4.804 Rockers, sale price . . 3.20TRY A KALTEX ROCKERThe Best Rocker Made.We very confidently predictthat it will be a very longtime before you can again buyBRASS andIRON BEDSat the tremendous bargainswe are offering during thissale. You will make no mistake in buying now.rPBEL wfnT I HIV7.3zsnyw&F"dlraHi JBlSJ?' 1'fcBjlJoin the McDougaES KitchenCabinet Club Now StartingTake advantage of the BIG CASH SALE PRICESto get the best Kitchen Cabinet made.$55.00 McDougalls, sale piice $44.00$52.50 McDougal's, sale price 42.00$45.00 McDougalls, sale price 36.00$40.00 McDougalls, sale price 32.00$35.00 McDougalls, sale price . . . .C. . . : 28.00$30.00 McDougalls, sale price.. 24.00$25.00 McDougalls, sale price .-. - 20.00Rugs, Mattings, LinoleumsLINOLEUMS$1.00 Linoleums, sale price 80c.75 Linoleums,- sale price 60cand any other Linoleums at proportionate reductions.RUGS$50.00 9x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price $40.0057.50 9x12 Wilton Velvet Rugs, sale price 46.0042.50 9x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price 34.0032.50 9x12 Axminster Rugs, sale price 30.0027.50 9x12 Brussels Rugs, sale price 22.0025.00 9x12 Brussells Rugs, sale price 20.00These are just a few examples of the big savings we areable to offer you.MATTINGS65c Mattings, sale price 50c55c Mattings, sale price V. r: 44c45c Mattings, sale price : 36c35c Mattings, sale price ." 28c25c Mattings, sale price .-:Bedding and SpringsRight at the time when all Bedding and Springs arebeing advanced in price by all manufacturers we are reducing EVERY MATTRESS and SPRING in our stock.These articles will be very much higher a little later.Get yburs NOW!DiningRoomFurnitureIf you are ever going to buy DinfngRoom Furniture, buyit while our Big CashSale offers you suchrare opportunities.Our SpringBaby Carriages and GoCarts are all in stockand are includedin this sale. Youcan save a goodlysum on any one.All other floor coverings not mentioned above are at jus tas big values during our Big Cash Sale. Buy now.Attend the Sale that is areal, bona-fide Money-SavingSale Nd camouflage.LACE CURTAINS DRAPERIESEverypair of Lace Curtains and every yard of Draperyincluded in our Big Cash Sale.rDavefiport Suites$60.00 Davenports, sale price $48.0050.00 Davenports, sale price 40.0040.00 Davenports, sale price : 32.0035.00 Davenports, sale price ,. . 28.0030.00 Davenports, sale price 24.0025.00 Davenports, sale price 20.00If you-knew as well as we dohow much money we really saveyou during this Big Cash Sale youwould not consider looking elsewhere.Bed RoomFurnitureSee the beautifulpieces we have foryour bed room, andtha wonderful valuesour BIG CASH SALEoffers.abssssi.wsrss!,r rvi.'TE,lu WdmmMmfitmThis is theSpring that isH Guaranteed&M For 25 YearsRegular Price$10.50Sate Price$8.40Refrigerators You might as wellbuy your Refrigeratornow, while you cansave 20 per cent.Warm weather is sureto come.S35.00 Writing Desks, sale price $28.0025.00 Writing Desks, sale price 20.0020.00 Writing Desks, sale price 16.009.00 Matting Boxes, sale price 7.207.50 Matting Boxes, sale price 6.003.50 Matting Boxes, sale price 2.80We cannot emphasize too stronglythe fact that we are offering ourWHOLE STOCK in the BIG CASHSALE, and that we are not holding aclearance sale. You can figure yoursavings. Just take 20 per cent. off.$45.00 Library Tables, sale price $36.0035.00 Library Tables, sale price 28.0027.50 Library Tables, sale price 22.0025.00 Library Tables, sale price 20.0020.00 L;orary Tables, sale price 16.0018.00 Library; Tables, sale price 14.4012.50 Library Tables, sale price 10.00We want you to cometo the Big Cash Sale,whether you buy ornot. Tell your friends.THEJ.T.HINT0NCB BaPhones 36PARIS, KENTUCKYCor. Sixth and MainWEWILL SURELYSAVEYOU MONEY vV1-y$ si-KfS? .nc . .j . . iTUESDAY, FEBRUARY -5, 19J.8.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KVPMXKTXifJ&SSv$, -zz'jffimjertP&s.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESAEETY ITRST CAMPAIGNSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.omings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FARMERS MEET TO DISCUSSWOOL SHORTAGE.rMiiof Tlprmfv "RMrp Mn.rshn.1 TTirt-.rard Hite, formerly of Paris an I, ?terJns! is a truest of Mr. and Mrs.Mr. Oscar Williams has returned from a visit to friends in Richmond.Miss Laura William, of MtMaysville, has been assigned toliOUisvme oy state mre MarsnaiThomas Pannell to conduct a campaign of "Safety First" measures.m m mNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The lobby of the Paris postomcewill be closed hereafter, accordingto instructions, from headquarters,at eight o'clock, p. m., every night,until May 1, instead of nine o'clock,p. m., in order to help in the conservation of fuel.m m mEYES OF KENTUCKY MAIL CARRIER'S HORSE FROZEN.At Hickman, Ky., in an attemptto make his rural delivery a fewdays ago, K. Whipple's horse practically froze. The animal's breathcongealed on the nostrils andv frontof the head until the eyelids werefrozen together. After getting thehorse's eyes open, he turned aroundand came back to town, giving updelivery of mail tnat aay.la is l&PARIS MEN ELECTED.At the recent meeting of the Kentucky Retail Clothiers Association,held in Louisville, Mr. Withers Davis, of Jos. W. Davis & Co., Paris,was elected secretary, and Mr. I. L.Price, of Price & Co., Paris, waselected vice-president. The principal subject under discussion at themeeting was the necessity of farmers increasing sheep production tomeet the heavy demands for woolneeded for clothing."P3 Ea isCOUNTY ATTORNEY D. D. CLINEPROSECUTES MELLERS-BUBG CASES.In Squire Thomason's court atMillersburg, Friday, Wm. Baker,charged with malicious cutting, andChas. Taylor, charged with malicious shooting, were bound over toappear before the grand jury at theneyt term of Bourbon Circuit Court.Baker, Taylor, Walter Turner- andEd. Victor were each assessed a fineof $20 for engaging in a game ofcraps. Carl Miller, charged withgambling, was acquitted. All themen are negroes. County Attorney David D. Cline, of Paris, conducted the prosecution.TJEWS PRINT PAPER MILLSWILL HAVE TO CLOSE.Reversing an earlier ruling, theNational Fuel Administration heldSaturday that news print papermills come under the class of industries that must be closed on the nextnine Mondays to conservefuel.The ruling was changed after theFederal Trade Commission had reported that (enough news print paper was on hand in the country tosupply newspapers for the nexttwenty-eight days. ,TSi Es WRFEBRUARY COURT DAY.Jo. Varden.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcrafthas returned from a visit to friendsin Lexington.Mr. John Hall, a popular Louisville railroad employe, was takento St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where he underwent an operation. Miss Ella Loomis, of Cynthiana,was a guest from "Saturday to Monday of Mrs. John Moran, at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. James McNamara, Sr., on Pleasant street.The Lexington Leader of Sunday, says: "Ben Biscuit Downey,the Uneeda Cracker King, who hasrecently taken a bride, is telling thsstory of a perfect man. Ask himto tell it to you."Mr. John Howard, who hasbeen seriously ill at the home of hiadaughter, Mrs. Martin Snapp, inEast Paris, does not show signs ofimprovement, and was -reported yesterday as growing weaker.Master Thomas Brooks Nichols,son of Mr. and Mrs. S. Kenney' Nichols, who has been very ill of CTlDneI for several days at the home of h!isparents, on High street, was greatlyimproved yesterday, thanks to careful nursing.The following invitations havebeen issued, a large number reaching Paris people:"You are cordially invited to attend a dance, Friday evening, February eighth, nineteen hundred andseventeen, Phoenix Ballroom, Lexington, Kentucky. Smith's Saxophone Quintete will furnish .themusic. Hours 8:00 to 2:00. Committee Charles Wise, Stanley Rue,William Gumm."The Tampa, Fla., correspondence of the Sunday Courier-Journalsays: "Dr. M. H. Dailey, Mrs. Dailey and daughter, of Paris, Ky.', -arearrivals of the week at Fort Myer3from the Bluegrass. Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Fuhrman, from Paris, Ky.,Ky., who have been visiting severalweeks in Baltimore, have arrived atW.auchaula after a water trip toJacksonville, delayed two weeks byice in the Baltimore harbor, and arail trip through the State. Mr.and Mrs. Gus Margolen and Mrs.Anna Macy Griffith, of Georgetown,Ky., are among the week's arrivalsat Palm Beach, where they are visiting with Miss Moore for the season."(Other Personals on Page 3)February Court Day was one thatwill be remembered for a long time.With the temperature at zero, achilly wind blowing, and nearlyevery business house closed, therewas nothing to induce the fewcountry people who came to townto remain very long. ThereN waslittle or no stock on the market,and nothing at all doing in thetrading line."A number of representative farmers assembled at the court house attwo o'clock in response to a cailissued by Mr. A. B. Hancock,Chairman of the Bourbon CountyBusiness Men's Association, to discuss and take action toward havingpassed a bill in the Legislature forthe protection and promotion oflive stock interests. Tihs bill isdestined to place an enforcible taxsystem on dogs and other restrictions which will protect live stockand poultry from deatn or damageby thode animalsTd WRTHE WEATHER.The weather man released hisgrip Sunday on this section sufficiently to permit a slight thaw, buton Sunday night, repented his leniency and threw in the high speed.The mercury dropped rapidly and byMonday morning had fallen tozero. Frozen water pipes, low gaspressure and all the usual attendant discomforts followed the drop intemperature. Th sudden cold snapworked to the disadvantage of railroad train schedules, many trainsbeing late.Nearly all trains were late yesterday as a result of the cold wave,and daily papers were almost at adiscount on account of delayedmails. On account of the severeweather and the almost impassiblecondition of the roads the LittleRock Graded School was closed forthe week. Many in that communityfor fuel.During the cold snap two steersand a fat hog belonging to SquireA, -L. Stephenson, near Clintonville.which sought shelter from the. coldunder a straw stack, were suffoca..P. H. S. WINS AND LOSES.Friday nigh the Paris HighSchool basket ball teams journeyedto Winchester for a double headergame with the teams of KentuckyWesleyan College. The fame of theParis girls has spread so far ythatthe collegians were waiting for themwith the best forces they muster,and succeeded in administering thefirst defeat which the Paris girlshave experienced for more than twoyears. The girls of KentuckyWesleyan have by far the strongestcollege team in the State, however,and it is no discredit for high schoolgirls to lose to such a team. Thescore looks rather one-sided; but ifyou will ask the Wesleyan girlsabout the game they will tell youthat they knew they were in agame from the first whistle to thelast The Paris girls looked likemidgets beside their huge opponents; but there were no quitters inthe bunch. The final score was K.W. C, 56; P. H. S., 16.On the other hand the strengthof the Paris boys was underrated,and Wesleyan decided to use hersecond team against them. Whenthey recovered from their surprise,the score was 69 to 11 in favor ofParis, Lavin, Roberts and CaptainRice got the lion's share of thegoals; but to the other members ofthe team should go a large part ofthe credit for rolling up so large ascore. Clark played guard so wellthat it was almost impossible to getthe ball close to Wesleyan's goal,and both of the forwards who played against him failed to score. Burnett was everywhere at all-timesand his passing brought exclamations of surprise and admirationfrom even the Winchester sympathizers. When it comes to playingreal basket ball, which consistslargely of quick and accurate passing to the men in position to score,this boy Burnett has few equalsplaying on high school teams.A summary of the goals scoredby the individual players in eaclCgame follows:Girls' game K. W. C, Ellwanger,c, 5; Porter, g., 14; Coward, g.;K. Spencer, f., 6; B. Spencer, f., 3.P. H. S. Harper, c; Burley, c;Rose, f., 4; Elder, f., 2; McClintock,g.; Heller, g.; fouls, Rose 4.Boys' game K. W. C, Brashear,c, 1; Demaree, f., 2; Spencer, f.;Keating, f.; Cox, g.; Ecton, g.;Strother, g. -P. H. S. Rice, c, 8; Burnett, f.,4- Roberts, f.. 10; Lavin, g., 10;'Clark, g., 1; Rule, g.; Dundon, g.Fouls, Demaree, 3; Spencer,, 2;Roberts, 1; Rice, 1; Lavin, 1.m ft ItsEGGS HIGH HERE.Eggs on the local market havereached the highest price in history,according to retail grocers. As aresult of the extreme shortage theyare now -quoted at 7o cents perFifty-five Bourbon county farmers representing various departments of the live stock industry,met at the court house yesterday afternoon, in response to a call issuedin the following words by Mr. Edward W. HineB, Chairman of theState Council of Defense:"The scarcity of wool is appallingand we are to-day facing a woolfamine, with not enough to supplythe army and navy alone. Conferwith your agricultural people anddo all you can to stimulate the production of wool and mutton in Kentucky." Mr. A. B. Hancock .presided andstated the object of the meeting. Acommittee appointed for the purposedrafted the following resolution,which ..was adopted unanimouslyand signed by all present:"To the Members of the GeneralAssembly:"Realizing the vital necessity foran increased wool and meat supplyas the result of the war in whichour country is involved, we, thepeople of Bourbon county, answering the manyx calls of our NationalBoard of Defense, do hereby earnestly request the support of everymember of this honorable Assemblywho may have the patriotic welfareof this country at heart, in ourefforts to secure the passage of alaw that will protect the sheep industry of this State:"LOST DOGFrom my residence on Pleasantstreet, an Irish Terrier; answers tothe name of "Mickie." Suitable reward will be paid for his return orfor information leading to his recovery,(ft)MRS. SWIFT CHAMPE.FOR RENT.Desirable house, on Main street;has five rooms and bath; good biggarden.(5-tf) J. T. HINTON.Public Sale of Bank Stock.I will sell at the court housedoor in Paris onSATURDAY. FEB. 9, 1918.at eleven o'clock, a. m., ten sharesof the capital stock of the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Co.((5-2t) M. F. KEENEY, AUCt.GovernmentWants MechanicsU. S. Government must have menfor ship building. It needs mechanics, riveters, iron-workers, painters,blacksmith and carpenters. Standard wages paid, housing furnishedtransportation from a distance.Register with Buckner Woodford,Jr., Bourbon Bank, Paris, Ky.(5-4t)FINALG LEAR Aof Our Entire Stock.ofLadies' Suits, Coat r DressesSkirts, Furs and MillinerySuits$20.00 values now$25.00 valuesnow$35.00 values now$35. 00 values now$45.00 values now$50.00 values now$10.001 2.5015.001 7.5022.50. 25.00SALE1Coats&0.00 values now $10.00$25.00 values now..$30.00 values now..$35.00 values now..45.00 values now..,.$50.00 values now-.12.5015,0017.5022.5025.00Our Entire Stock ofBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYAT HALF PRICEFurs$5.00 values now '$ 2.50$10.00 values now ' - 5.00$15.00 values now 7.50$20.00 values now 1 0.OO$25.00-values now v . . 1 2,50$30.00 values now '. . 1 5.00SkirtsAll the remainder of our stock ofWomen's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE PRICE for which they formerly sold.Regular $5 to $15 valuesSale Price $2,50 to $7.50HARRY SIMONJustReceivedAShipmentofr 'Q. R. SPlayerRollsv ; .--V -them The animals were valued at$25Q.DaughertyBros.dozen, or 6 cents each. Even theed when the stack tumbled in on-j oldest residents cannot recall a timewhen there was such a shortage orthe price as -high as at present."Vy-WuuiFinal Clearance SaleNOW GOING ONYoung Men's, Men's and Boys9 Suits and OvercoatsWe are still offering you the splendid opportunity of buying high class merchandiseat low prices. It will be a safe investment to buy these clothes for the future, If not forthe present. Come in to-day and we will show you values that will be eye openers.Men's Suits and Overcoats$35.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to $30.00$30.00 Suits and Overcoats -cut to $25.00$27.50 Suits and Overcoats . mXcut to - $22.50$25.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to $20.00$22;50 Suits and Overcoats ' "cut to $1 7.50$20.00 Suits and Overcoats -cut to $ 1 0.50$18.00 Suits and Overcoats CiAencut to .x. . . $ ItT.SU$15.00 Suits and Overcoats itimtxcut to $11.50$12,50 Suits and Overcoats CQ Acut to $9.50$1 0.OO Suits and Overcoats c ftQcut to $ I?SBoys' Suits and Overcoats$12,50 Suits and Overcoats -.cut to $9.50$1 0.OO Suits and Overcoats tt ccut to $.S5$8.50 Suits and Overcoats Qecut to -s $Oi9b$7,50 Suits and Overcoats e Qcut to $5."5$6.50 Suits and Overcoats -- cut to .-. $4.95$5.00 Suits and Overcoats ccut to $o.$J5$4.00 Suits and Overcoats v eo Q ccut to .. $2.95fiSE3ZOK90K3KaaifluiM,K5 'il IE tE iVCASHNO APPROVALSM7th and MainFt P. WALSHParis, KentuckyOne Price StoreY&f' IT yf 'vWHjEiU ''.. Wf11GESHTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,r iy.4 f-hLir! 'xkTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.(Continued from Page 1)- Bpurbon WarehouseFriday, Feb. 1.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousa- jCompany sold 55,825 pounds of tobacco Friday, for a total of $14,425.86, an average of $25.86 perhundred pounds. The quality ofthe offering was the poorest tobaccosold at this house in weeks. Someof the crop averages were reportedas follows:Tarr & Griffin sold 3,910 poundsof tobacco for an average of $34.50jwr hundred pounds.Wesselman & Cleveland sold 2,250pounds for an average of $35.87 perhundred, pounds.Fister & Maybrier sold 3,240pounds for an average of $32.72 perhundred pounds.ATdery & Offutt sold 2,525 poundsfor an average of $34.85 per hundred pounds.C. H. Day & Bro. sold 2,550pounds for an average of $37.21 perhundred pounds.- Jacoby & Stout sold 2,185 poundsfor an average of $36.82 per hundred pounds.Collier & Heflin sold 1,365 poundsfor an average of $32.09 per hunr 4red pounds.The first sale Tuesday, Feb. 5,will be held at the Bourbon House.Independent WarehouseFriday, Feb. 1.The Independent Tobacco Ware' house Company held a sale at theirwarehouse on South Main Street,Friday, disposing of a total of42,705 pounds of tobacco for anaverage of $27.46 per hundredpounds. A few crop averages reported were as follows:May & Rose sold 3,190 pounds oftobacco for an average of $31.79jer hundred pounds.Clark & January sold 1,610Iounds for an average of $28.43 perhundred pounds.A. 0. Robinson sold 1,535 pounds-of tobacco for an. average of $31.24per hundred pounds.Toohey & Son sold 1,710 pound3for an average of $24.88 per hundred pounds.Whaiey & Shanks sold 4,715pounds for an average of $28.21 perhundred pounds.Byell & Rairden sold 4,710 poundsfor an average of $26.30 per hundred pounds.Redpmon, Martin & Son sold 2,820pounds for an average of $24.52 perhundred pounds.Woodford & Frakes sold 3,210pounds for an average of $30.44 perhundred pounds.Clark & Eads sold 2,305 poundsfor an average of $29.49 per hundred pounds.. Hehr & Thomas sold 1,355 poundsfor an average of $27.37 per hundred pounds.McCjt v & Menifee sold 1,335jound& in average of $29.26 perliundred pounds.A. O. Robinson sold 1.31 f T;:ndfor an average of $28.43 per mm,dred pounds.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse CompanyDAILY SALES.tExcept Mondays and Saturdaysr-The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.SEMESTER HONOR BOIX PARISCITY SCHOOLS.GRADE IB.Dotson "Wells 90, Eva Roberts 94,Dorothy McCord 93, James Morrison93, Harry Lancaster 91, WilliamAmyx 93, Anna Parrent 91, MarieFoley 91, Nancy Baldwin 94, RubyDickerson 91, Elizabeth Hinton 92,Lucy Maxey 93, Annella Myers 93,Carolyn Reading 93, Margaret Sidner 91, Elizabeth Whitley 94, LouisElvove 90, Virgil Gaitskill 90, Jas.Lapsley 92, Richard Peterson 93.GRADE 1A.Shirel Wills 91, Minnie Johnson92, Luther Herrington 90, EthelFightmaster 92, Sadie Blake 93.GRADE 2B.John Bower 91, Coleman BurnsSO, Elizabeth Collier 94, Ella D.Faulk 92, Virginia Honican 92, NoaS Hinton 92, Katie Irvine 93, Wm.Marshall 93, Imogene Fryman 95,Marcia Rowland 93, Vivian Smith03, Elizabeth Douglass 92, LouiseBanister 92, Verlin Rose 92, JuliaaHowe, Jr., 91, Eugene Chambers91', Albert Blythe 91, James Logan91, Kenney Williams 91, DorothyThomas 91, Martha Ray 90, ElvieMyers 90, Matha Belle Hall 90,Thenosha McCord 90, Willie M.Mann 90, Edward Shout 90, StuartPadgett 90.GRADE 2A.Katie Lee Sanders 90, Edna BruceStewart 91, Elizabeth Watson 93, TJ. Judy 92, Willie Frey 92, Katherine Borland 93, David Blythe 92.GRADE 3B.Susan Howard 97, Jessie Irvine96, Kady Elvove 95, Myrtle Dunaway 95, John Koontz 95, LulaKiser 96, Charles Cook 95, H. B.Hill 95, Edwin Rice 95, EugeneDotson 94, Ruth Dickson 94, Edward Merringer 94, Harvey Hill 94,Katherine Towler 93, RosalieFriedman 93, Howard Rees 92,Pauline Douglass 92, Erne Edwards91, Edna Gardner 90, Katie Hubbard 90, Jewel Maxey 90, EugeneStrother 90.GRADE 3 A.Peachie Purvis 90, Jessie Curtis90, James Merringer 90, Hazel Maxey 90, Myrtle Watson 92, JohnYoung 93, Jewel Farrow 94, Robt.Collier 95.GRADE 3B.Pitman Sandusky 90, FrankieHubbard 90, James Wilmoth 94,Sam Hendricks 96, William Smith96.GRADE 4B.Virginia Allen 95, Alice Burton95, Rebecca Collier 95, Elise Morrison 95, Rosa May Carr 94, HelenRoberts 94, Frances Taylor 93,William Yerkes 93, William Bowling "92, Wallingford Parker 92,Dorothy Pepper 92, Cannon Williams 91, Emogene Alexander 90,Lily Burns 90, Everett Hall 90.GRADE 4 A.Marie Bishop 96, Ethel Mae Curtis 90, Dudley Deaver 92, WilliamHinton 93, Pearl Hitch 95, CarrieHerrington 91, Gertrude Smelser94, Lillian Taylor 94, Anne Caywood Talbott 96, Will Moore Lair94, Josephine Lapsley 97, DorothyI'Tye 34, Lucy Williams 95.GRADE 5B.Edna Davis to, Kathryn Young91, Ethel Mao Woodward 92, Emma(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYWILL BEHELDDickinson 91, EtnelMae Shankland94, Elmeta Douglass 91, Henry Sandusky 93, Garnett Swinford 92.GRADE 5A.James Quinn 91, Pansy Burns 94,Lucy Farrow 92, Louise Kirkpatrick 92, Frances Thompson 95, Hallen Goldstein 95, Bruce Gardner 93,Harry Tucker 95, Elizabeth Mason91 Frances Clarke 94.GRADE 6B.Edgar Hill 97, Erpiine Lykins 92,Louise Fisher 90, Christine Sams90, Henrietta Arnold 90.GRADE 6A.Emily Barton 92, Edna E. Burnes93, Mary Louise Clendenin 91,. Martha Collier 95, Violet Crowe 90,Irene Estes 93, Katherine Hendrickh92, Sarah Myers 93, Mary RuthRoberts 90, Anna Louise Sauer 90,Thomas Spicer 96, Frances AnnSteenbergen 90, Carolyn Wilmoth92.GRADE 7A.Nannette Arkle 94, Ruth Wheeler90, Ed. Drane Paton 93, VirginiaMorrison 93, Keller Larkin 90, Margaret Hill 95, Marie Colliver 91.GRADE 8B.Beulah Quinn 91, Mae Tyree 96,Louise Collier 94, Katheryn Wallingford 92, Morris Price 93, VernaHendricks 91.GRADE 8A.Hilda Taylor 93, Louise Keal 91,Eva Chappell 91, Robert Hall 90.GRADE 9.Thelma Brannock 91, Collins Hall91, Loraine Weathers 94, MaryEllis 91, Geraldine Herrin 95.GRADE 10.Catherine Brophy 96, MargaretLavin 98, Christine McCord 91,Elizabeth Snapp 92, Dorothy Tingle93.GRADE 11.Thelma Squires 94.GRADE 12.Vernita Baldwin 93, Fannie Heller 91, Robert Lavin 98, EleanorLytle 92, Edna SnappWilliams 91."95, ThelmaDREADEUL COUGH CURED.A severe cold is often followedby a rough cough for which Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., writes:"About two years ago my little boyJean caught a severe cold andcoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda number of cough medicines butnothing did him any good until Tgave him Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It relieved his cough rightaway and before he had finishedtaking one bottle he was cured. Ithink it is just fine for children."(adv-feb)Among various other funny thingscoming out of Germany there is theGerman editor's assurance that Senator LaFollette has a large following which is in favor of immediai3peace.nOf one thing Sec. McAdoo, tackling his new job as Director Generalof the country!s railroads, may besure: He won't lack for advice.NO INDIGESTION, GASOR STOMACH MISERYIN MVE MINUTES'Tape's Diapepsin" Tor Sour AcidStomach, Heartburn,Dyspepsia.Time it! In five minutes yoursour, acid stomach feels fine. No indigestion, heartburn, or belching ofgas, or eructations of undigestedfood, no dizziness, bloating, foulbreath or headache.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in sweetening upset stomachs.It is the surest, quickest and mostcertain stomach antacid in thewhole world, and besides, it isharmless.Millions of men and women noveat their favorite foods withoutfear they know Pape's Diapepsinwill save them from such misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any drug store and put yourstymach right. Don't keep on being miserable life is too shortyou are not here long, so makeyour stay agreeable. Eat what youlike and enjoy it, without dread ofacid fermation in the stomach..Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of thefamily eat something which don'tagree with them, or in case of anattack of indigestion, dyspepsia,gastritis or stomach derangementdue to fermentation and acidity, atdaytime or during the night, it ishandy to give the quickest, surestrelief known. (adv)m JS 15aJ THE SECERT SERVICE ARRESTPROMINENT GERMAN AGENTWith the arrest of George Boden,for the last two years in charge ofthe foreign exchange department ofa large San Francisco bank, Federalofficers believe they have put anend to Germany's alleged executivefinancial system in the Unrted State?and Japan, which has been maintained in spite of the war. Documents were seized which the authorities contend show that Bodenhad been Pacific Coast representative of the German Imperial Bank ofBerlin. vm miQREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.In the assignments of revenuemen for the month of February,Collector Haley sends Bourboncounty the following:No. 77 Jill in R "KeRRlar C.r ParisW. C. Slve. storekeener-naiicrer incharge; Jas. M. Burbridge, addi-tional. 'to taTrotzky is reported as having 110YilleR.R., the only lme running along,HUinir for AmpHnn wWh ,o!the Gulf Coast and reaching all these ,-- - O w ... -U, I'UIUU .UV1U.Jour conscience when wehow we feel toward him.think ofLeads inWe1Daily SalesWill Be HeldExcept Mondays and SaturdaysBourbonTobaceoWarebouseCo.Tfce JBeariM (ktf Cattort m a :iae itinera m nmmrwmProbably in no part f tke southis there to be found a more-salubriousand restful country than along theshore of the- Gulf of Mexico fromNew Orleans east to Mobile andPensacola, where nature has beenlavish in the distribution of herbounties. There is the sparklingwater of the Gulf and the bay-indentedshore forming natural water waysfor all manner of water sports, Bailing, motoring, canoeing, fishing andthe like. This charming resort landis easily accessible, and may bequickly reached by the modern steelbrains over the Louisville & Nashville R. R.: passengers may leaveCincinnati, Louisville or Evansvillein the evening, and arrive at theGulf Coast resorts the following afternoon. The mild, equable climate withwhich this district is favored is adelight to the tourist. The climate isdelightful at all seasons of the year;during the winter months it ismoderate and bracing, putting snapand energy into the system.The Gulf Coast is fasti becomingone of the popular watering placesof the country, and counts among itsrecent guests the distinguished President of the United States. It is lineiwith many resort cities and towns,each extending a hospitable welcometo the visitor. Every resort is shadedby age-old ancestral oaks, hung withtrailing vines and Spanish moss; andthey all look out over the Gulf waters,at the dancing waves, the scuddingsails, and the beach and the surf.The placid waters and the slopingshores give to boating and aquaticsports enjoyments unalloyed, andabundant haunts of fish and game afford an endless paradise to devoteesof rod.and gun ; the many golf coursesand tennis courts provide ample opportunities for the enthusiasts ofthese fascinating games.Most excellent opportunities arethere for the lover of motoring, inthe abundance of fine shell roadswhich skirt the shore of the Gulf under the massive live oaks and extendback into the pine forests, along theshores of the many bays and bayous,the magnificent scenery along theseroads appealing strongly to one'ssense of the beauties of nature. Ifone can't find happiness and contentment down there in the golden sunshine and among the countless diversions and attractions of that playground he is indeed hard to please.Numerous hotels and boardinghouses at the various Gulf Coast resorts provide admirably for the comfort of guests, and the variety admits of terms to fit any purse, depending upon the individual requirements of the visitor, who can behoused among the luxuries of themore fashionable hotels, or in the lesspretentious ones, according to hisown desires. In buying tickets toI New Orleans and the Gulf Coast Resorts passengers should see that theyread beyond Evansville, Louisville orCincinnati via the Louisville & Nash-resorts. The train service over thisline is unsurpassed. The sumptuousthrough steel trains are equipped withThe BourbonWarehouse((Incorporated)Averages Obtained!Invite Comparison.f-17 J A Cms tor MwttifrdflP B wZP and PimplttH1L l&ksx Cre ft TnMiVr WtiieaiH Ctmm fa BjinWEsS Time Creai far Sakmari&C2r gSg Astriagest Cream for 0My"juS5lSr LettEceCre&aferClMMft , ..7l 50c and $1 Size. Y If you haye never testedSMSN iFI these Creams, seed twffifi&tek h 4 cents to cover cost of aoaSV fouMiT& ne tte ones yon deeWTH and our Booklet oa Ca!1tMIS QftheSkin."twM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Hain StGETTING RID OF COLDS.The easiest and quickest way toget rid of a cold is to take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Thispreparation has beem in. use formany years and its value fullyproven. No matter what remedyyou user however, care must hetaken not to contract a second coldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerof this. A man of middle age orolder should go to bed and stay inhed until fully recovered. It isbetter to stay in bed three days atthe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)drawing-room sleepers and recliningpliair cars. All meals en route aareprovided in dining cars; the serviceis a la carte (you pay only lor wsatyou order) and the prices aremoderate. This line is famous forthe excellence of its dining car service; it has no superior, ana iew, 11any, equals.Pflssencers from Cincinnati. Lobis-ville. Frankfort or Evansville aadvicinity contemplating a trip tFlorida may easily, and at slight additional cost, arrange thir route topermit of a visit to the Gulf coast.Tickets to Florida routed via Louisville & Nashville R. R., m throRiver Junction, allow privilege rstnT-nver at Flomaton. Ala.. froiwhich point round trip side triptickets may be purchased to xaeseresorts.A beautiful illustrated folder describing this enchanting vacation.land, may be obtained at the principalticket offices of the Louisville &Nashville R. R., or by addressing R.D. Pusey, General Passenger AgeatL. & N. R. R., Louisville, Ky.ai mX(Incorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager,(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYsrwAwmmwsmmm? j-Vfy J" 4 K''t "i-:'"tr -'" "vyr-" ---.''. c -, A ' tf".r .c-s &.tliEynvumJk.5rfHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. "' xTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1918,PAGE SEVJ -TEE APOTHEOSIS OF EXTRAVAGANCE.Though I've saved up a goodlylioard,Though money here and there Ifling.Pre never felt I could affordTo throw away a piece of string."WTiat knots I've patiently untied!Hard-twisted twine and cottonstuffTken neatly rolled and put aside,(I never seem to get enough.)My home is modern and immense,My car is fit for prince or .king;Some day I mean to hlow expense,And throw away a piece ofstring!Carolyn "Wells in Puck.LIKE GT7E7G UP?One point to which the limelightever penetrates nowadays is thesecluded retreat of former KingGonstantine, of Greece.Professional Cards.WML GRANNANAitorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13S.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinet Rangemy 2?aris Pccjile C:i the Verge ofCollapse.A bad back makes you miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore allday.It hurts to stoop it hurts tostraighten.What with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weaknessNo wonder people are discouraged Who do not know the kidneysmay be the cause of it all.Gire the weakened kidneys needful help.Use a tested and proven kidneyremedy.None endorsed like Doan's Kidney Pills.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doah'sKidney Pills with good results andI know from the help they gave methat they would be just as beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irrgeularly. Doan's KidneyPills rid me of those complaints andif I should need a kidney remedyagain, I would certainly takeDoan's"Mrs. Mastin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefullyendorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. Ifyour back aches, if your kidneysbother you, don't simply ask for akidney remedy ask distinctly forDoan's Kidney Pills, the same thatMrs. Mastin had the remedy backed by home testimony. 60 cents atall stores. Poster-Milburn Co.Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "When YourBack is Lame, Remember theName." (adv)CONSERVATION AS THE D0CT0BSEES IT.IB !JB2lEW.52Ii:"'"','''",' ImmjmMwm&s$mt IK W MT'SHMkl iL-i..j;Mir.-i-.i ""--"r"2 RWHflfffirTrir""'t "' r; .f wSA ,-The time has passed when intelligent people give the baby a piece offat bacpn to suck, and feed themselves on food soaked in grease;they would be horrified by a suggestion eo fraught with the idea ofthe slums and the mountain fastnesses of Kentucky. But in metro-ipolitan restaurants and diningrooms they still induce in a singlemeal such foods as oysters, fish,game, roast and cheese. "One-halfthe people in Christendom," according to Dr. Henry Smith Williams,the distinguished scientist and physician who contributes the "Science" section of Hearst's Magazinefor February, "shorten their lives byover-eating or by perverse eating."And most of this perversity in theAmerioMi diet takes the form of anover supply of animal protein. Justhow dangerous this kind of gormandising can. be is shown by the factthat 850,00 deaths in the UnitedStates each year can be traced tothis cause an increase of forty percent. in. the last twenty years.C0ESETATI03I OP MJEL POSSESS BEEJG- DISTHnSIUEl).In line with the efforts of theNational and State Fuel Commissionto impress upon the people of tJcountry the necessity of conservingthe fuel supply, County ChairmanJas. H. Thompson and assistantsare distributing conservation posters at all points where large quantities of coal is used as fuel. Mr.Thompson is in receipt of the following letter from Mr. Wiley B.Bryan, of Louisville, State Fuel Administrator: ' ,"Louisville, Ky., Jan. 31, 1918."To All County Chairmen:"We are sending you under separate cover, a quantity of fuel potsters on chich you will find a numberof suggestions as to saving of coal."It is not nedessary for us to callyour attention to the fact that thacoal situation in this country is serious; indeed unless we are able tospeed up or conserve the presentsupply, it will be difficult for theGovernment to continue its present activities. It is our hope thatthese posters will have the effectof impressing upon the firemen' inthe various industrial establishments throughout your county thei"patriotic duty in this great crisisand the necessity for this conservation. "As heretofore advised, the Conservation Department desires thatthese posters be distributed personally by some member of each localcommittee delegated for that purpose. If possible, it would be wellto have these committeemen seethat the poster is tacked up in theboiler room and take the opportunity to express to the fireman hisearnest desire for co-operation insaving coal. It is tiusted that thenecessary arrangements can bemade to have these posters given awide distribution in your county."If the quantity of posters 13more than you need for industrialplants, you might very well utilizethem by distribution among thelarge individual concerns of coal,such as school houses, office buildings, etc."Yours very truly,"W. B. BRYAN,"Federal Fuel Administrator forKentucky."TS T mCftYC ST TiliWuu1G EFFORT TO"SWBut It's Different Since Tanlac Improved This LouisvilleMan's Health."I used to feel so tired out allthe ftime that it took a big effortfor me to get through with myOwork, but it's different since I'vebeen taking Tanlac. I don't thinkI ever felt better in my life than 1do now," said Fred Royce, Janitorat the Central Rooming House,Louisville, Ky."My system was run down allover. My stoniach was out of shapeand food disagreed with me. Thefood I did eat caused a burningfeeling in my stomach and sometimes I felt dizzy after eating. Ifelt drowsy and heavy after meals,too."I read of so many cases thatseemed to be just like mine inwhich Tanlac has been a help thatfinally I tried it. It straightened upmy stomach in short order and hasbeen a help to me in every way. 1don't think I ever have felt betterand I reccomend Tanlac for anyonewho feels like I did."If you are not feeling right getTanlac and get your system back ingood shape. You'll get rid of thatsick feeling in just a little while.You can get Tanlac at G. S. Varden& Son's drug store. (adv)SHEEP BREEDERS WANT PROTECTION FROM DOGS.LA3ID OF MANY SNOWS.A beautiful line of Garlands on dlNeal Orerby, says the Mt. OlivetTribune-Democrat, tells us he hasbeen keeping a record of the snowfalls this winter, and that up toplay. Com. In and look thtm ovtr. j January 25, twenty-s?x snows in allJ-UVU laiicu Dinix; cue I IU ut iclciu-Pafic (luc kr Flartri Ct ber Several sn0WB have falIen 8inceXctI15 Udb OCi-ilcCiriC VUthen, which will bring the total up(Incorporated) I to about thirty.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 A. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL34 Atlanta, dally 5:25 am26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ,....7:35 am2 Rowland, daily except Sunday ......7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday ,-, ,...7:38 amAQ Lexington daily except Sunday.. . , . . .7:40 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:08 mm12 Lexington, daily 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily 10:15 ata18 Lexington Daily 'Except Spnday. 12:00 mS Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pan138 Lexington, Daily ... 3:07 pm32 'Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm"239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm136 Lexington Daily 10:23 p m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm" " x .TRAINS FOR ' LEAVINo.34 Cincinnati, wally 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday : 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:4113 Lexincton. daily xct Sunday 10:2537 Knoxville, dally 10:20 aat33 Jacksonville, daily 10:20 am18 MaysvMe, Sunday only 12:04 sm12i Lexington, daily except Sunday . 9:21pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:20 pm29 Lexington, daily except Sunday 6:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:06 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:23 pmIf Lexington, Dally 6:35 pm32 Chicago, daily .' 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, dally except Sunday 6:48 pm131 Lexington, Daily i :.. ..10:45 pm31 Atlanta, Gsl, Dally 10:46 pmMERCER COUNTY PEOPLE SEEBLAZING FLAG IN SKY.A mysterious phenomenon waswitnessed by many neome in thecounty several nights ago. It was alarge blood red banner In the skythat in a few moments changed tothe semblance of a flag with thewhite bars, across it. The bannerwas low above the northwestern horizon and appeared between 4 and5 o'clock in the morning. Thosewho saw it state is was about 300feet in length and wide in proportion. It moved with a slow majestic sweep eastward and disappeared.One of the first people to report thestrange sight was Sam Ison, of eastMercer. He said the family rose unusually early as hogs were to b&killed that day, and as he went outto light the fire under the hog boxho was startled to see the strangeand unusual vision in the sky. Hecalled Mrs. Ison and his father andall three watched the vision until itchanged to a flag and faded out.Bodine Yocum and Joe Denny, ofthe same neighborhood, also sawthe mysterious banner. Mrs MattieRussell, who lives in the vfest endof the county, and who Is a daughter of J. M. Leonard, was awakenedsuddenly from sleep by the brightlight, and thinking the sun hadcome up and caught her asleep,jumped from the bed and was awedto see the big blood red bannerwith its white stripes unfurledacross the sky. Mr. Leonard sayshis daughter -was thoroughly mystified as to what caused the banner inthe sky arid that it was unlike anything she had ever seen. J. F. Reed,who lives three miles from Harrodsburg on the Cornishville pike, wasanother witness who watched themajestic sweep of the big flag acrossthe dark horizon. He says it was abeautiful and awe inspring sightand seemed like something beyondhuman explanation. It was tooearly in the morning for the sun tolend any color to the sxy, and beingin the northwest was also an evidence that the sun could have beenin no way responsible for the luminous banner. A number of othersin widely separate parts of thecounty saw the red flag with thewhite stripes that was flung by someunseen power across the expanse ofheaven, and if anyone can offer asatisfactory solution of the mysticaland baffling sight we would be gladto hear it. Harry Terhnne, of Talmage, stated that he and his familysaw the sight and that it was thegrandest phenomenon he ever witnessed. Charles Hudson, of nearRose Hill, was awakened by the biglight and noted its passing eastwardbut did not get up.The Kentucky Sheep Breeders'Association, in a big called meetingat Lexington, unanimously approved a proposed bill which will be carried into the present Legislature,placing a heavy tax on dogs, providing for the listing of all dogs bythe Assessor and a penalty of $1 forfailure by him to list in each case,and creating a general fund fromlicense and penalties out of whichfarmers whose livestock and poultryare damaged by dogsare to be reimbursed. The object of the bill isprincipally to increase the rapidlyfalling production of sheep in Kentucky. Commissioner of Agriculture MatS". Cohen, who drew the bill; Dr. R.Stephenson, president of the association; Jonas Weil, of Payette county; Claude Williams, of Woodford,and C. W. Meeks, of Johnson county,were appointed a committee to supervise the bill and see it throughthe Legislature. They were alsoempowered to make any changesconsidered necessary and place thetax as high as possible and still getthe necessary votes for passage.&."V." DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTIJ PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KNOWISTHETIMETO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingANDrPaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399WVKANE BROSGARFIELD WARNS MERCHANTSPROTESTS ARE USELESSRetail merchants who came toWashington from many cities of theEast and Middle West to protestagainst the government Mondayclosing order received little encouragement from Fuel AdministratorGarfield.The fuel administrator, is was reiterated will not modify the orderunless he is shown specific cases inwhich there are excellent reasoadfor so doing. The merchants, it wassaid, suggested that more coal couldbe saved if stores were limited to asix-hour business day six days aweek.Dr. Garfield asked them to present their figures to the fuel administration conservation department,where they would be given carefulconsideration.The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenli sten carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone ft Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,District Manager. cal Manager.MARGOLEN'SNO TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ac Sunday .4 Frankfort, Ky 'Daily 1ft. SundayTRAING'DEPART FOR1 Prj.nklon. Ky.v Dally Mx. Suaday.... ......... ..x fr Mtkfm. WEr.. Baily r, Mnd7. -I ,....i?:1S a. m6:M p. xnS:2S a. m.GB0WTH OF THE FEBTiiEAL RESERVE SYSTEM.Seventy-five State banks or trustcompanies were admitted to theFederal Reserve System in September with aggregate capital of $28,918,000, surplus ofx $32,050,000,and resources of $448,728,000 Thisbrings the number of State institutions, that fs banking institutionsother than national banks, nowmembers of the Federal ReserveSystem up to -250 -with total re-lourcee' of $,000,000,000.FreshFishOf All KindsDressed to OrderFree of Charge !MflRGGLEN'SSanitorypfeat Markettwin Bros. Department storeSeventh ana main St$.Paris, KtntnckyBIG CLEARANCE ONWAISTS$1.00 WAISTS89c$1.50 WAISTS98c$2.50 WAISTS$1.9811 WViHi11 'ttjty fJrJ!ABLJ$2.98 WAISTS$2.25$3.50 WAISTS$2.98$4.50 WAISTS$3.98We Give and Redeem the BlueStampsThe Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FCINK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetMMtMWMMMMMBap --psk. xL7w,a- v 'tmm3w2&&-trnrcs!ii i . . iuiwmLjrvmz. i1M? m&itT1' ---titrT..Satisfaction is Oirk WatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryx jS appliances and expert!-" '- Jt t- -f helpers we are preparedKA'ff rcl to do work inferior 4odm patronage.IDTBourbon Laundry,Paris KMtnoky.ii1:liyiijrr-.T- -. ,J 1flPAGE HGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. 'TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5? 1918.!IW1.H4fiIiM;tiiii.;.t.i.(T,ttjtH.t,jw,,.,,,,M,t,,,,j,t,,,,pttj4,GomirigAttractionsTHE PARIS OtJASD AM) AL4M0f::1W&efnThursdayEnid Bennett!,.in Big Paramount FeatureLost in Transit'sIn Triangle Feature"THE BOND OF FEAR"IThe J. T. Hinton Co.Bray's Pictograpbs and Klever 'Komedy;:UNDERTAKERSCA "61 HollowayGLORIA SWANSON & BOBBIE VERNONi,;AND EMBALMMRSIn Mack Sennett.Keystone Comedy"Whose Baby?"In the Seventh Episode of!Mainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36fNisht x - .56or Home 286aWoman"Also Triangle Comedy, "His Taking Ways"esdayR I'IrsyTUR !fMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our!piSI .:. l f , f. A JL.tiiTiI PricesAt the Alasrao Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c-war tax 2c.At the Pariis Gra srad -Children 5c-war tax lc: Adult lSc-war 9owar tax lc; Adults 10c- wartax lc.Colored persons, Children 5c-ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Paris Grand 7 to 10:30farmer by occupation, a man of quiet, unassuming manners, wlios3friends were many.ig"ifti':'i4iigiiiiiiHMiip.i.i,lDEATHS.BOARDThe funeral ofBoa'rd, aged fifty-six years, who diedin a Lexington hospital Thursdayeyening, after a protracted illness,was held in the Paris Cemetery Saturday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock,with sen-ices conducted at the graveb,y Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of thev, Paris Christian church. The burial'followed on the family lot.Mr. Board came to Paris when ayoung man from Harrodsburg, as. Paris agent for the Adams ExpressCompany. In this capacity he gavefaithful and efficient service andwon the esteem of his employers.He afterward became Identifiedwith the Deposit Bank of Paris, as"bookkeeper, when Mr. P. I. McCarthy was Cashier of that institutionHe was also associated" with Mr.McCarthy in the fire and life insurance business under the firm nameof McCarthy & Board. He continued in the capacity of bookkeeper atthe bank until upon the reorganization following the death of, fMr. McCarthy, he resigned and entered theinsurance field on his ownaccount.. Mr. Board had been an invalid'for several years, resulting from an,.attack of paralysis. raich left himpractically helpless. He was for along time a patient in the MassieMemorial Hospital, but lately hadbeen in a Lexington hospital, wherehe was a patient at the time of hisdeath.Mr. Board was a man of pleasingaddress and genial manners, oneMr. William E. whose geniality attracted 'friendreadily. He was highly thought ofby his associates in business andfraternal organizations, and, as"Billy" Board, waa welcomed to allcircles.Mr.' Board was married manyyears ago to Miss Lake Barnes, "odaughter of the late Dr. L. D.Barnes, one of the pioneer physicians of Paris. Besides" his widow,Mr. Board is survived by one son.Mr. Lyons Board, of Louisville, andone brother, Mr. John Board, ofWinchester.BARTLEY.Mrs. Lucy Miller Bartley, age.itwenty-eight, a granddaughter ofthe late Dr. and Mrs. Noah A.Moore, of this county, died at herhome in Stanford last week," ofpneumonia. She was a daughter olMrs. Neppie Moore Givens, formerlyof Paris, and a niece or Mrs. Geo.W. Stuart, Mrs. Jno. W. Jameson,Mr. Stamps Moore, Mr. SpearsMoore and Mr. N. A. Moore, ofaris.The funeral was lield in Stanfordat the borne of her aunt, Mrs. Beasley, in Stanford, with services conducted by the pastor of the Christian church. The burial followedon the family lot in the StanfordCemetery.Mrs. Geo. W. Stuart, Mrs. JohnW,. Jameson and Mr. Stamps Moore,of Paris, attended the funeral andburial. vSUPEEnTTEWDEHT CAYWOODWHITES CAHD TO TRUSTEESSeveral of the trusteessigned have stated thatsa mMASTER'S SALE.ALLISON.The funeral of Mr. Ben C. Allison, aged sixty, who died Sunday, at the liome of his brother, Mr. Jno.Wl Allison, near Jacksonville, aftera long illness, ws. held at twoo'clock yesterday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave byRev. J. J. Rice, pastor of the ParisPresbyterian church.The pall-bearers were EugeneRucker, L. J. Bristow, Allison Barlow, Geo. R. Burberry, J. W. Shropshire and Philip E. Allison.Mr. Allison was a bachelor and resided with his brother, Mr. John.W.Allison, near Centerville. He was aePublic Sale of Mules!The Sixteenth Annual Sale of Mules will take place at our barn onjBayne's Depot Pikei", Wednesday, February 13, 1913I At Ten O'clock Sharp. We -will sell '100 head of the best ever of 3-year-oIc mare mules, infivell-mated pairs, fat and ready, broken.Have been fed grain all winter.L!) One pair of five-year-olds, good ones,1 weight 3,000 pounds. Matedland broken. . ' "'f -'.jl Come and bring your family. t ' rf L. & N. Trains at Payne's Depot Vill be met.m iuw. x?. uunuar oe ov-n, Versailles, ivy. ,J PJB. B. Peak, Auctioneer.; (feb 5-lt)Phone 4962.ue.Jor fashionableCorrespondence .Your friends judge you by the style of stationery youYour letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressecLac-v4uaiiu Ay xaoniuii f) iniii int.iii?. lvjIf you like distinctive styles in stationery, be sure to jsee ouryew oprinff StationeryIt includes all the latest conceits in hape, tint andLCAIU1C. J5HCome in and see the line while it is complete. The Powowivc uuuiucia 111 vu.f wiuuuw snow oniy a small part 5w..w -....v,.... . w uv rr. j.jvstv Jiavg m owttViTELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS. KENTIir.icv"MAuctioneer M. F. Kenncy madethe following sales Saturday at thecourt house door for Master Commissioner 0. T. Hinton:House and lot located on BallyPatton street, belonging to JaneCross' heirs, (col.) to Miss ElizabethGrimes, for $300.House anil lotxm Main street, inNorth Middletown, belonging to theRice heirs, (col.) t6 Henry S. Caywood for 11,030.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in Paris -yesc;terday for Master Commissioner OT. Hinton the Burbridge arm ohthe Bethlehem pike near Paris, containing 111 acres, to Luther Rice,for $20S per acre. At the sametime and place Auctioneer Kenneysold for Master Commissioner Hinton the farm known -as the EllenHamilton property, located mid-waybetween Littje Rock and the Levy,'containing AVz acres, to James Dun-ican, for $1,725. 'Auctioneer Kenney also made the!following sales yesterday; " For Geo.K. Redmon, Emmett F. Woward andCharles A. McMillan, agents for theHoward heirs, the farm known asthe Thomas Sims ' place, locatedthree miles from Ruddles Mills, containing 50 t acres of unimprovedland, to Wood Munson, for $121.10per acre; for Wim. S. Arnsparger,trustee in bankruptcy for Mrs.Corne Watson Baird, a lot of account's, to Mr. Charles A. McMillan,for $19.50.lsa ssREAL ESTATE.Mr. Edwai-d Fogle, of the county,has purchased of Mr. Edward Owsley, of Ruddles Mills, the latter'qbrick residence on Main street, inthat city, for a private price.Possession will be given aboutMarch 1. of this vear.Mr. Albert Evans, has sold thehome he recently purchased at Little Rock from Mrs. Boone Chanslor.to May & Herrin, for $2,500.' Thepurchasers will be given possessionat jonce.ES to T!5RELIGIOUS.The Wpman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church willhoM their monthly meeting in thechurch parlors this (Tuesday) afternoon) r.t 2:30 o'clock. The annual installation of officers of thelocal -auxiliary will be one of the)important matters to take place. Allthe members arc urged to be present. 191 I 1that re-they had iunderstood that I wanted them to,!in- order that' I could have a whole 'body of my own selection. Even 'some tnat mdn't resign are still iasking if that statement is myAvish, and for the beneilt of anyconcerned, I wish to say "no," emphatically. In never even thought jof such a thing. Besides I am' sorryany trustee ever had such an im-lpi ession of me. It. matters not to meabout your having not Teen for mo.jin my race if you were really injterested in your school. If you jwere,- and doing your duty as trus- 'tee, you aie the trustee after myown heart, and I can only say I amsorry you resigned.J. B. CAYWOOD,Superintendent.-fc fcC0F7ICTED OTEDERER A FORMER B0UHB0N RESIDENT.!- Thos. Ri3on, who was convictedand sentenced in theFayette CircuitCourt for the murder of W. F.Schooler, a Fayette county dairyman, was at one time a resident ofthis county:- He was sentenced tolife imprisonment in the FrankfortReformatory.Pa Ws lEjFurthermore, we don't mind suggesting that the kind of motherwho hires a servant to bathe herbaby might save time by sending itto the laundry.He knows they are the best m town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Established 1878 415 Main Strj-This Store Will Be Closed on MondaysiClearance Sale!A FRSCE-SLASHiNG SALE OF WINTER FOOTWEAR! In spite of the high pricesprevailing m shoedom, we are compelled to make GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURNINTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!The Following are But a Few of the Many Extraordinary BargainsThat Await Yon Here :MATRIMONIAL.KIDWELL--OVERBY.v County Judge George Batter-ton officiated Saturday at the wedj ding of Mr. Walter Overby and MissNellie Kidwell. of Little Rbck. whowho secured license here Saturdaymorning.Td jea leaOne more suggestion, girls: Whynot ituy visible earsr-ond iinvisihUMen's Tan English Shoes CQ yfO$5.00 values jat $O.HrMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon 44 r A5.50 values-at DVMen's Patent English Nettleton anddjo qcother makes $7.00 values at yOmVOMen's Gun Metal Button alk-Over, do r asmall sizes, at . . . : pa.OUMen's Gun Metal Button o jq$3.50 values at 1Men's Gun Metal Lace 1 qq?2.75 values at .v ....:... f 'Boys', Misses' and Children's Shots at. Clearance Salt Prices,Lot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cSale Now Going On !For Cash Only!DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy ReignQUALITY, OR PRICE?W hile many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferior goods may. be as repiesented," but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality ,v for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered beloare.the highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold Tablets . . . 25c per boxContains no harmful: drugs. A simple but effective remedy. Penslar Wbite Pine and Sprnce Balsam25c a id 50c per bottle NAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Tcilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford-you a lot of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.ahr your cocuir ttuuui our urcsunpuoiis.Ladies' Havana Brown Tan English $o n5.00 values at . $oAtLadies' Dark Tan EnpMsh Boots 4m ja6.00 values at $4.49Ladies' Tan Louis Keel Boots nr'.$6.00 values at p$.3Ladies' Black Kid and Grey Cloth' o jTop Boots $5.0a values at $4IfLadies' Gun Metal Button to Aft$3.00 values at $.49juaaies Assorted small bize q i r IShoes$4.00 values at... 1.09-l.TO IitearboDS.';jf C J rji t j1v -J?l:c- .fftc j- - .s:- . - if- i..'v "Tt-t'im'Swrn i4- v $k$X, F f A-.V 4Vi " v"" . Jf-i. v -xgt.' , l - dS