N;sf iif"S- g.-- -, -NEWSV",PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i'"-'Jl ",rVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1918" ?AT. XWP. 3THEBOURBONTtorir-TEE WAR TEOPHY TRAIN HERETO-BAY.The special War Trophy Train,vent out by the Government in theinterest of the Fourth Liberty Loan,will arive in Paris at 8:00 o'clockthis (Friday) morning at the Tenthstreet L. & N. passenger station, andremain until 11:00. This train, aspreviously explained, carries sevencars loaded with exhibits of trophiescaptured from the Germans, and is awonderful exposition of war relics.The speakers who will accompanythe train are Hon. Wood G. Dunlap,Hon. James G. Denney, of Lexington,und J. W. N. Stewart, of Ashland.AH ar orators of great eloquence andthe audience will be assured of beingtold something of interest. Sheriff"Wm. G. McClmtock and a force oftwenty deputies, and the police force,vill be on hand to assist in handlingthe crowd, to see that there is no confusion and that everybody may have achance to see all the exhibits. Aforce of bond salesmen will be onhand.This exhibit is absolutely free ofcharge, and it is worth coming milesto see. The public is asked to be onhand early and stay until the trainmoves out. It is sent here for a patriotic purpose, and the Governmentwants everyone to see it. "Businesscan. wait while this train is here,"says the Government representative,Mr. Ralph Stickel. (Let everybody beat the Tenth street station this morning to see this wonderful display!Chairman. Buckner Woodford hasappointed Messrs. N. Ford Brent andRudolph Davis as a committee to lookafter the members of the Great Lakes'Naval Training Station Band and theWar Trophy train during their stayin this city.- Buy Liberty Bonds -COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, Oct. 4. D. W.Griffith's masterpiece, "The GreatLove;" also Ruth Roland and GeorgeCbesebro, In "Hands Up."To-morrow, Saturday, Oct. 5.Tom Moore, in "Just For To-night;"also Smiling Bill Parsons, in "Bill'sPredicament;" also Britain's Bulwarks No. 5.Monday, Oct. 7. Jewel Carmen, in"Lawless Love;" Sunshine Comedy,"Wild Women and Tame Lions;" alsoScreen Telegram.Beginning Monday, Oct. 7, an orchestra of seven pieces will play atjcin was en route,bjpm .from Martinsan.ce. 3ee large7" UdverhsemeTirt-or1the scale of prices.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NSWFALL LINESin.Misses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSev-CMldrcm'srMisses' an&'Eadics!COATSFRANKasDISTRICT CONFERENCE OFUNITED WAR WORKERSThe Thirteenth District Conferenceof United War Workers convened atthe Y. M. C. A. building in this cityyesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock,attended by a large delegation of representatives from the counties ofBourbon, Harrison, Nicholas andFleming, composing the district. H.A. Power, District Chairman, presided. The morning session was occupied with work of the organization.At noon a luncheon was served in theY. M. C. A. dining rooms to all theofficers and the men interested.Immediately following the luncheon, which was of a most appetizingunaracier, nve-mmute speeches weremade by a number of prominent representatives, anion? them being F. J.Resler, P, H. Callahan, Benj. Washer,'ihurston Ballard, C. C. Camden, Dr.A. J. A. Alexander, and Miss Wilhelmina London.Among the prominent delegates inattendance were the following fromthe State-at-large: C. C. Camden,State Campaign Executive Secretaryof Victory Boys; F. S. Resler, WarCamp Community Service; George E.Hayes, Assistant Camp Director ArmyY. M. C. A. (Red Triangle); P. H.Callahan, of the National CatholicWar Council; Thurston Ballard, Y.M. C. A.; Dr. A. J. A. Alexander, ofthe American Literary Association;George E. Stephens, of the SalvationArmy.The purpose of the meeting was tooutline the work to be accomplishedKid to apportion the amount of mony to be raised in each of the fourcounties. The total amount to beraised in the district has been placedat $73,000. Bourbon county's quotain the new drive was placed at $38,305. The quotas assigned to theother counties are as follows: Harrison, $15,651; Fleming, $11,988;Nicholas, $ 6,9 3 3.Buy Liberty Bonds"AWARD FOR PROFICIENCYMr. R. H. Harpe, . of Paris, whoconducts the local creamery, has beengranted a diploma from the Agricultural Experiment Station of the University of Kentucky for proficiencyin testing cream.--Buy Liberty Bonds -VAGRANT CONVICTEDDennis Learr colored, was foundguilty in r Judge Batterton's courtvARtprria.v nn n7 vasrrafir.v r.harerfi andpgtrenOysatfBatTlabor ofhthVrock pile. ,;t4...fir CO.IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr Ron i??cT,i,ni, t, . x- a the Court present: Justices Fretwell,Mr. Ben Fishback, who is stationed , Thomasqnn -RiirHd Toiiw Cfont,"'lUn OMcis a TJetlTMmel ""MMrf Ada &, wE QSt f h th; The rePrt ' the County Roadstrt WpTflCk; Fifteenth Engineer for the month of SepteonStreet. He IS SOOn to he transferred t , , , , ww.&r-rw- wv-wwv- - -days furlough before reporting,Private Robert Reynolds, who for-merly resided near Paris, where hewas engaged in farming, writes tofriends in this city, announcing hissafe arrival in a foreign country, as amember of one of the deatchments ofthe American Expeditionary Forces.According to advices received inthis city by Mr. W. O. Butler, his son,Mr. Grover Butler, has been very HIin the Base Hospital at Camp Meade,'Md., of pneumonia. Mr. Butler wastransferred to Camp Meade a shorttime ago from Cajmp Zachary TaylonMr. and Mrs. Thomas W. Current,of Millersburg, have returned to their"home after a visit tn thoir arm TVfrH. C. Current, who has been ill atGamp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga.They report Mr. Current, who hadbeen suffering from an attack ofSpanish influenza, as being considerably improved.Sergt D. T. Brinson, who is stationed at Ft. Oglethorpe, Ga., accompanied by Mrs. Brinson, is visiting at.the homes of several Bourbon countypeople this week. They were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs. MattLair, and were guests of honor at adining given by Miss Julia Houston,at her'home near Paris.Robert Delaney, who left Parissome time ago to take a course of instruction in the Army VocationalTraining School at Indianapolis, ishere on a visit. Mr. Delaney has finished the course, and while -contemplatingengaging in war work,Cis atpresent engaged with an autqmobilefirm in Indianapolis on special work.First Lieuteant M. J. Stern arrived Wednesday night from CampWadsworth near Sparttansburg, S.C, for a visit to his parents, Mr. and iMrs. A. Stern, in this city. Lieut.Stern is on special duty in the BaseTTncsnitnl nt HTrin. "Wn.rl stiver Hi TTerv" .t. iill kHbe here several days.ICorporal Allen Huddleston, son OfMrs. Mozelle Huddleston, of this city;who has been ill for several dayswith bronchial trouble at Camp Zachary Taylor, was reported yesterday asbeing convalescent, and ipaprovingrapidly. Many of the soldiers at thecamp have been on the sick list frombronchial troubles, said to have beenproduced by the heavy dust. .Dr. Lewellyn Spears, a former resident of Paris, and in late years engaged in the practice of medicine inLouisville, writes to his brother, Mr;Ben B. Spears, of Paris, announcingthat he had crossed the Atlantic andlanded safely at a foreign port of disembarkation. Dr. Spears is a member of the Irvine Able Hospital Corps,largely composed of Louisville doctors, enlisted men and nurses.Mrs. Geo. M. Hill received a letterfropn her son, Mr. Lawrence Hill,, ofParis, at Camp Mills, Long Island,stating that the- entire command hewas with, the 113th Batallion, SignalCorps, had received their overseasclothing and that they would probably be overseas bound before manydays. He is a member of Co. B, inthe 113th Batallion, U. S. SignalCorps, of which several Bourboncounty boys are members.Fonmer schoolmates in Paris ofLieut. Jos. E. Torrence, of Cynthiana,who was severely wounded in thebattle of Soissons on July 17, havereceived letters stating that he hasalmost recovered and has been recommended to be sent home on furlough.Lieut. Torrence went to France in thesame detachment and on the sametransport with Lieut. Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr., of Paris. Both were students at the University of Kentucky.Sergeant R. O. Moore, recruitingofficer for the marine corps, at Lexington, received orders from MajorThomas F. Lyons, of Indianapolis,chief recruiting officer for the marines in this district, to open his officeand enlist all applicants who havebecome -18 years old since September12, regardless of the draft. Fifteenmen enlisted in the corps and will besent by the draft boards to ParisIsland, S: C, between now and October 10.- To be a First Sergeant at the ageof nineteen, probably being theyoungest man in the United Statesarmy holding Buch a position, is thehonor accorded to Harlan M. Hurst,of 'Millersburg, by the War Department! Young Hurst enlisted at Ft.Thomas, Ky., last June, at which timehe' had barely passed11 his nineteenthyear hy aday. He was sent to JampTaylor and from there "transferred toCamp Funston, in Kansas, where, inthree weeks after his arrival, he wascommissioned Tirst Sergeant. He Iswiin ineeauarxers uo., zatn Keg-imemoiuie Aeuxn Jjngaae. ,.-' T- ".. capt. :u, yjoerner, lately of theuanai zionej-us ran&ma: is. a visitor;;iu 4ruis. njzj: un rouieo ewperuetb: Bayless-whfe'liere witbMm.: tis -et it- '. ' i...HSCAX COURT PROCCEDINGS, The October term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room yesterday morning, withCounty Judge George Batterton presiding, and the following: members ofi iir-i ivw runaiiran nnn ni .miw vuuiw twiu iiicu. x raitLvwere allowed andordered paid.j County Treasurer S.E. Bedford wasordered to borrow the sirm nf si nnn! from the Garth Fund, and also to 'bor-row the sum of $4,000 for the use ofthe Turnpike Fund. The sum of $200, was ordered appropriated to the Kentucky Childrens' Home Society, atLouisville.It was ordered that the salaries ofthe county physicians remain thesame as last year. The following physicians were elected to attend thepauper practice in the city and county at the salaries set opposite theirrespective names: Paris A. H. Keller and F. M. Faries, divided equally,?500; Millersburg H. M . Boxley,W. G. Dailey and C. B. Smith, dividedequally, $200; Little Rock P. L.McClure and F. L. McClure. $100:( Clintonyille no selection;Hutchison Wm. Kennev. $100: Center-ville Eljmer Swetnam, $100; Ruddles Mills H. B. Anderson, $100;County Infirmary G. L. Rankin,$200; North Middletown G. A.Cook and L. R. Henry, $150.The salary of the County Road Engineer was fixed' at $1,800 per annum, and he was allowed the additional sum of $35 per month for histraveling expenses. County JudgeBatterton nominated Mr. Ben F. Bedford for the position of County RoadEngineer, and he was elected for theensuing year.Jailer Thos. Taul was allowed thesum of $75 per month for taking careof the court house. The salary of theKeeper of the County Infirmary wasfixed at $100 per month.. Jos. Godman was re-elected Keeper of theCounty Infirmary for the ensuingyear.The salary of-the County LivestockInspector was fixed at $25 per month.A. B. Plufmmer was elected CountyLivestock Inspector for the ensuingterm.Justices Thomasson. and Turnerwere appointed as County InfirmaryCommittee. -The Court was adjourned to meetagain on NoV. 6.v BUY LIBERTY PONDS ? '- Buy Liberty BondsWmiBY56manxFTHE NEWS has received numerous Inquiries as to what date thehands of the clock and watches willbe set back to the old standard. Thefollowing information from Cincinnati is the best we can obtain, atthis time:"CINCINNATI, Oct. 3. The handsof all clocks will be turned back onehour Oct. 27."In England the change was jmadeSunday, and this originally was theplan for the United States, but thehour of daylinght saved is so important in the winning of the war thatit was decided to grab an additionalmonth of 'more daylight.'"John F. Colligan, clerk of theWestern Union plant department, received official instruction not tomake the change in Cincinnati untilOct. 27."Buy Liberty Bonds -AGAIN PROMOTEDAfter 'having moat worthily servedan apprenticeship as ticket agent atthe Tenth street passenger station ofthe Louisville & Nashville, in thiscity, Mr. Madison Smoot, son of Mrs.Gertrude Smoot, was sent to Cincinnati, where he was for a time in asipiilar capacity in ,lhe ticket officeat the Grand Central Union Depot.When Mr. Maurice Clark, of Paris,resigned his position as file clerk Inthe office of Mr. J. A. Morrison, Superintendent of this division of theLouisville & Nashville, the L. & N.officials, recognizing the need of agood man to fill the place, recalledMr. Smoot, and set him to work inthe position. Mr. Clark has joinedthe Students' Army Training Corpsat the University of Kentucky, inLexington.- Buy Liberty BqndsGOLDEISH FOR SALEGoldfish for sale, atOBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE.(4-2t) . ' .Buy Liberty Bonds IANTI-TOXIN IS FOUND TO PRE-VENT INFLUENZA.Discovery of a serum which. h!esaid, preliminary experimentation indicates will act as a preventive forSpanish influenza, is announced byHealth Commissioner Copeland; ofNew York City. Tests have givenpromise of success, he said, with th'e'lresult that the vaccine is being pre-1pared for use bv nnvsicians and beready for distribution in" small, quan"-J""w iu a, icw Urtjro.The serum discovered bywDr. William H, Parke, the Health Depart:ment bacterologist, is made from ipf-Jfluenza germs obtained from personjsjin the early stages of the maladyjjtopsies upon the bodies of victims .o'fthe disease; It is .not Claimed thej 1ueaunenx. will cure me THseaee.-.. iNews, Va,, where he has been- ordereflto report Yor dutitt 'the Quarternmaster's Department of the army:Capt. Koerner married Mrs. BruceArtir nf PH-vfarTfUr TtfifwuiiVai-rr -.--- - -- ---,NOTICE TO VIOLATORS.Some time since, our government-rTrsrl nil A1 2-1!. 1 i ..,nu cupic iu atup meuse of motor cars on Sundays thatthey might conserve gasoline for warpurposes. To a very large extentthis request has been complied with,but it has come to our attention thatin a few cases it has been nverinMrTo the patriots, but thoughtless, weare sure that this notice will heenough. To the unpariotic, youwill know that a request from thegovernment, in these strenuous times,becopnes a law in loyal Bourboncounty.Any doctor, on professional bupiness; any car on a mission of mercy;any church-goer, living outside ofthe city limits, is excepted from theregulations, but such cars should beplacarded.Every patriotic citizen of Bourboncounty is a committee to take thenumber of any car in use on Sundaynot so placarded and report sameto the Sheriff's office, after which allnames will be published.BOURBON COUNTY PATRIOTICLEAGUE.Buy Liberty BondsTHE RED CROSS TEA ROOMThe Red Cross Tea Room is doinga splendid business and the patronagebestowed upon it being most gratifying. The management has discontinued personal solicitation from houseto house of supplies and edibles forthe Room, but they want it plainlyunderstood that they must rely uponthe people of the community for contributions. They ask that edibles ofall kinds fruits, etc., be sent to theRoom. Hajm, eggs, milk, vegetables,butter, milk, cream, especially desirable. The ladies feel they are engaged in a patriotic cause, but even patriotism will lack fire and enthusiasmwithout material support.No one will be personally solicitedby the young ladies in charge of theRed Cross Tea Room next week, butany donations will be gratefully received. The following- are suggestedas being the most needed and usifift:cream, vegetables, canned goods, oilfor salad dressing, fruits, pies, cakes,beaten biscuits, etc. Miss ElizabethJasper will be in charge with thefollowing young ladies as assistants:Misses Nancy Griffith, Belle Horton,Anna .and Catherine Wilson, Mrs.Catherine Davis Craig, Mrs. GeorgeW. Clay, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mrs.Lawrence Price and Mrs. F. G. Gordon.The menu for to-day (Friday) isas follows:Swiss steak; brains in timbales; potatoes; corn pudding; candidedpears; Waldorf salad; ice cream andcakes; cream pie; sandwiches; coffee;teajmilk; hot chocolate. ;WE KNOW HOWYOURFORIv.MIS READYClothes, " like everything else, will cost you moremoney than you have been paying in the past. 'Buy thebest clothes you can afford to-day. It is the course oftrue economy and service to the nation.Stein-Bloch and Michael-SternsSuits and Overcoats1are tailored and made from pure all-wool cloth, and when ::you select a Suit or Overcoat from our store you econo- !imize as well as protect yourself in buying good, dependa- :ble merchandise from a reliable store. ( jjjWe Are Showinglection of Patterns and Colorsin Men's and Young Men's Clothes fancy gree'm,browns, greys, tans, fancy plaids,, stripes vand herringbone weaves," - - j -r - v. -,Make Your SelectionEarly.MITCHELL &sStetson Hats, Manhattan ShirtsNettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes1'ttf!Hi i JC P -.. 9 mm HT-COURT RULING CUTS TEACHERS'SALARIES.circuit Judge Stout at Frankfortheld that the act of 1918 providing! for the discontinuing of warraatstopay teachers in the public schoolstheir salaries, is invalid. This act'Proved that when there is not suffici-i eilt f unds in tne treasury to pay theschool teachers that the Superintendent of Public Schools may certify jfcheamount due to the State Auditor aidthe auditor in turn shall draw Mawarrant on the treasury for theamount due, and that this amountshall be discounted at the bank 5 percent. The purpose of the discount isto pay the first installment of intarest. Judge Stout held that the act impaired the obligation of contracts,and that it volafed the section of theconstitution which prohibited, the Tjseof public school funds for any otherpurpose than the support of the public schools. Clarence Adams, president of the Franklin County Teachers' Association, brought the suit totest the law, and Judge Stout issueda temporary injunction against StateAuditor Greene to restrain him from1issuing the warrants providing forthe discount. The effect of the actwill cause the teachers in the publicschools of this State to lose 5 per centof their salaries paid by the State.-C Buy Liberty Bqnds"FOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)Buy Liberty Bonds .HIGH SCHOOL E00TBALL SCHEDULES ARRANGED.At a meeting of the Central Kentucky High School Athletic Association, in Lexington, the footballschedule for all teams within the association was arranged.Seven association games fell toallotment of Cynthiana High. Fourof these games will be played atCynthiana with Mt. Sterling,. Georgetown, Lexington and Paris. Threewill be played at Paris, Mt. Sterlingand Georgetown.According to the games so far arranged the opening game .will beplayed at Cynthiana with Mt. Sterling on Friday, October 18. TheThanksgiving game will be played atCynthiana also, against Paris High.The association schedule is as follows: , . v- .'-,Oct. 18, 3ft. Sterling Higbat;Cy'thiana. Oct 25, Paris High, at Paris.Nov. 1, Georgetown High, at Cynthiana. .Nov. 8, Mt. Sterling High, atTMt.Sterling. '9 ,Nov. 15, Lexington High, at Cynthiana. ;Nov. 22, Georgetown High,: atGeorgetown. s-'Nov. 28, Paris High, at Cynthiina.IIII9SUITFALLi.-::In- ?;II3CIK1i!- ii::a Beautiful Se-BLAKEMOREArt,.-!..,..a&y.wmy..ItinHLMilTltin two. FRIDAY OCTOBER 4, 1118!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.THE BOURBON NEWSEftiblislied 188136 Tears of Continuous PublicationPoHished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year. .?2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gBfttered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.).Any erroneous reflection upon theIriMxacter, standing or reputation ofMMf person, firm, or corporation which.SKrtinCrrfTHfflappear in the columns of THHBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-noted if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESjDJgplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheachsubsequent insertion,o Reading Notices, 10 .cents per lineten issue; reading notices in .blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.fl Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andixnilarvinatter, 10 cents jer line., $pgcial rates for large advertisement and yearly contracts..The right of publisher is reservedto'decline any advertisement or otherH&tler for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied by.tibe cash.- This paper has enlistedththe government in thecause or Amenca xor xneperiod of the warCONSERVE PAPER., Beware of building bon-fires nowadays. They will betray you. A papr famine confronts us and a TjonftiejLs therefore an act of treason.4'Vastevpa-per," you say? The answeris'; "There should be no waste paper that the junk man cannot salv-rf Waste paper to-day is worth goodj?xpiey;r Waste paper can be turnedJntib fhrift. Stamps. Your patriotismthprefore questioned if you inidufge in ban-fires. Your smoke andIJanie will speak louder than, yourwords. Protest your loyalty if youjjhoQse, .but we'll fail to believe whileyour sparks fly upward! If, in thefacef,Qf proven .facts you persist inwanton destruction of valuable material, do not blame us if we doubtp?Ut,and act accordingly. Treasonconsists in giving aid or comfort tothe A enemy. Every bon-fire is aKaiser aid. You sign your own. decree, when you apply the jnatech. Intime of war, we are often forced tojnjak.e.s.hort shifts. Do not ob'lige usto make a bon-fire a legal act of trea-6QlL. Conserve your paper! Do not burnit!la te tsTO AVOID INFLUENZA.' JnJehe first place don't get it. Butin VTew of the spread all over thecountry of the dreaded Spanish inilufiiiaa, the United States Board ofHealtlt has issued the following advice: .,, "The.liealth, department sends outzr statement in which it gives thefollowing advice on libw to avoid theinfluenza: 'Don't crowd, don't worry,don't put unclean things, into yourjmoutli, don't eat or drink in dirty'places; don't eat without first washing the hands; don't expose yourselfq cold or Tret, don't over exert andavoid all excesses; don't go out iffeeling ill. "t .Ct.NOTICEj OFMERCHANTS DELIVERY5 PARIS, KY., Sept. 23, 1918.In order to comply with the request of the Governmentwe, -the undersigned merchants, agree to making deliveriesaccording to schedule below, and not to make any special-delivery at all:Delivery No. 1, Commencing at' 7 a. m. Goods will bedelivered in East Paris, Second Street, Mt. Airy, HoustonAvenue, Lilleston Avenue, Higgins Avenue, HendersonStreet, Walker Avenue and High Street South to SeventhStreet-.Delivery No. 2, Commencing at 9 a. m. South Main' Street, High Street South of Seventh Street, Cypress,. Street, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth and? Twentieth Streets, Virginia Avenue, Rosedale and Walker'Avenues South of Eighth Streets.Delivery No. 3 Commences at 11 a. m. PleasantStreet, Stoner Avenue, Scott Avenue, Vine Street, DuncanAvenue. Henry Addition. Thornton Division. Tenth Strppt.and 'Winchester Street.CHAS. P. COOK & CO..jRMERS SUPPLY CO..JY BEK CASH STORE,BALDWIN BROS,H. MARGOLEtt & CO.,LOGAN HOWARD,LUSK & SHEA,LAVIN&STATE BOAEO&HEALTH ISSUESifllflUJElfZA WASHINGIn view of the prevailing epidemicof-Spanish influenza, which is causing many deaths in army camps andas a general warning to the puoiic,the state Borad of Health has askedthe press to give wide publicity to,'the following proclamation:, "Bowling Green, Ky.,"September 30, 1918."Whereas, Influenza, a highly infectious disease, in a severe and fatal form, is wide spread in the Atlantic Coast States, and, being causedonly by the easily recognized Pfieffergerm, which is spread along lines oftravel, and in communities and families, only by coughing and sneezingpeople, who ought to be in bed or mtheir rooms, has been brought totwir a nmHaiivKentucky, and, not being an officiallyquar.antinable disease, threatens toand is likely to becojne a widespreadepidemic in Kentucky unless theprompt and intelligent co-operationof the people can be' secured in combating it, and,"Whereas, The precautions haveadvised, important as to coughs andcolds, are made especially so in theemergency now upon us for the protection at all times of our soldierswith thousands being called to thecolors by the selective draft to reachthe camps within the -next few weeks,as well as for farmers, industrial operatives and the noble wojmen dailylaboring for the support and comfortof our own and the allied armies,and,"Whereas, The control of this disease ( if successful, must come froman educated public sentiment whichwill patriotically demand the volun-! tary and systematic isolation in hishome or in a hospital during tneprevalence of the disease in any community, of every person who is afflicted with cough and sneezing, andespecially that such persons shallnot enter or remain in any publicconveyance, picture show, or otherassembly until the disease is undercontrol, and, that, therefore,"Be It Resolved, That this Board,in the discharge of a manifest publicduty and by virtue of authority vested in it by law, hereby urges that allpatriotic people who show symptomsof this disease, promptly isolatethemselves in their homes, for theprotection of their fajmilies, and thata mass or two tniCKnesses ot gauzeor cheese cloth be worn over themouth, and nose where for any reason, such isolation cannot be madecomplete; it advises people to keepaway from al places of assembly inany community where the disease isprevailing; and it hereby expresslyforbids public funerals for thosedead of the disease and forbids itinerant shows of every kind from entering or making exhibits within thelimits of this Commonwealth. Ifthese precautions are demanded bypublic sentiment and systematicallycarried out by every family and community, there need be little cause foralarm, and the disease will soon beunder control."By authority of the Board."J. G. SOUTH, President."J. D. McCORMACK, Secretary."las isa leiBREAKS A COLD INPEW HOURS TRY IT !First Dose of Pape's Cold Compound Relieves All GrippeMiseryDon't stay stuffed up!Quit blowing and snuffling! Adose of "Pape's Cold Compound"taken every two hours until threedoses are taken will end grippe misery and break up a severe cold eitherin the head, chest, body or, lijmbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages; stop nasty discharge or nose running; relieves sickheadache, dullness, feverishness, sorethroat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness. "Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest relief know-n and costs onlya few cents at drug stores. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Don't accept a substitute. (adv),., Liquid ,Co(ort.Alcohol, whefpure, Is greenish Incolor, while water is distinctly blueIn. l shade.L. AWILMOTH& CO.,SKILLMAN BROS.,A. B. LOVELL,D. M. PLUMMER.TILFORD BURNETT,CURTIS HENRY & CO.,S. T. CHIPLEY, .CONNELL.VALUE OF A-I-M INCOMPARABLEThousands of Testimonials Show ThatAcid Iron' Mineral Har JLknostUnlimited Possibilities.Both as an internal and an. external remedy, Acid Iron Mineral isproving itself the peer of all reme-i . TX P4- rn dicQOOOfl ctrtmnnticSE"Jraairiar to women is nothing short of marvelous. We wish" that you could seethe thousands of voluntary testimonials we have on file in our offices, youwould not hesitate a .minute longer,but would at once go to your druggist and get a bottle of this wonderful medicine, and begin the treatment that will help you to healthand happiness.Head what Mr. W. O. Harper, ofthe Soldiers Home in Richmond,says:"I suffered for years witn caiarrnof the stomach, and after using A-I-jinM. I can now eat anytning i want towithout spitting it up, and I thankfully recommend it to all suffererswith catarrh of the stomach."Remember that there is not a dropof alcohol in Acid Iron Mineral, andthat it is guaranteed to satisfy youor your money back.For sale by Brooks & Snapp; or wewill supply you on receipt of price ifyour dealer cannot get it for you.Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke,Va. (adv)GOVERNMENT APPEALS TORPRUIT PITS, NUT SHELLS, ETC.Poison gas was one of the firstfruits of Kultur. It stings, blindsand kills. Charcoal of carbon madefrom fruit pits and nut shells is usedto neutralize it.The government needs carbon. Itasks the boys and grils of America tosave:(a) Peach pits; (b) Apricot pits;(c) plum pits; (d) cherry pits; (e)prune pits; (f) hickory nuts; (g)walnuts; (h) butternuts; (i) shellsof these nuts.Method: (1) Select a leader orleaders; (2) give publicity to thecampaign; (3) dry pits thoroughlyin the sun; (4) bring them to a central collecting station; (5) notifyChemical Warfare Service, Washington, D. C; (6) bills of lading, shipping instructions and bags will besent.Two hundred peach pits or sevenpounds of nuts produce enough carbon for one gas respirator. Carbon ismade from fruit stones and nutshells.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts$20,000, EIRE DAMAGE IN LeBUSWAREHOUSE.Tuesday morning Mayor E. B.January received a telephone callfrom Cynthiana, asking that he sendassistance to that city to help checka big fire then raging, in the largewarehouse of Mr. Clarence LeBus.Mayor January soon had a lot ofhose loaded in the big truck andwithin forty-five minutes the Parisfire-fighters were in Cynthiana helping combat the flames.The fire burned the large framewarehouse belonging to Mr. LeBus,which is located on the line of. the L.& N. Railroad, in Cynthiana, togetherwith a quantity of tobacco, baledhay, entailing a loss of around?20,00,0.Several adjacent building, amongthem Poindexter's tobacco barn, ,McClelland's stable, Hutchison's restaurant and office at Raymond's lumberyard, were also damaged. Fivebuildings were afire at one time andthe fire department had its handsfull to prevent a general conflagration. A large brick tobacco warehouse,just across the alley. from the mainfire, also belonging to Mr. LeBus andcontaining 10,000 bushels of wheatwas saved by hard work, only theroof of this structure being slightlydamaged.Ss fci laFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.YOUTHFUL OFFENDER ARRESTED Will Gatewood, a colored boyaged fifteen, was arrested by Chiefof Police Link and Patrolman Luskand taken to jail on a charge of being on premises. Gatewood was discovered in a room on the second floorat the residence of Rev. Father DeBruyn, adjoining the Catholicchurch. He could give -no satisfactory reason for being there.Gatewood has been in trouble before, but was out on probation. Oneday last summer he knocked down asmall boy who was carrying an icecream freezer full of cream and atethe cream. He will be given a hearing before Judge George Batterton inthe Juvenile Court.IS )9l TSSCHOOLS TO HELP OBSERVE COLUMBUS DAY.Columbus Day, October 12, will beflittingly celebrated this year in thepublic ? schools of this State. StateSuperintendent Gilbert has issued aproclamation instructing all theteachers in the . public schools ofKentupky to prepare for a patrioticcelebration on that day. His proclamation follows:"In. co-operating with and at thetauest of the National Bureau ofEducation and Treasury Department,we urge all teachers, , pupils andschool officials to observe October 12as, Columbus Day in celebration of thediscovery of America. You wiir receive sugretive programs and weknow that Kentucky will be found,as in all other patriotic efforts, atthe forefront in making this day amemorable success, thus rendering a?reat service in the nroffnotion of thehdeals for which our nation, is nowmaking heroic sacrifice.fir in a a in tftlASTERFUL WARLAYIS "THEGREAT LOVE."f Internationally famous as theworld's greatest exponent of thecinema art, David Wark Griffith isthe creator of the screen's most remarkable triumphs. That his geniushas accomplished more to elevate themotion picture to its present hirfi- , --eapparent io everyone, ms sensational departures in photoplay productions are film history and the mention of his name in connection witha screen offering always excites anticipation for something new in theway of advanced cinema technique.Mr. Griffith spent many months inEngland and Prance during the pastyear and on his return to this country, he produced "Hearts of theWorld" which was presented withenormous success in New York. Hislatest offering, which deals with thegreat social transformation effectedEngland by the war, is "The GreatLove," and this will be presented atthe Paris Grand Opera House, Friday,October 4. The photoplay is said tobe a remarkable one and that it willattract great interest here is undoubted.While the entire story has not beenrevealed by Mr. Griffith, enough ofit is Known to enable readers to geta fairly accurate idea of the theme.It deals with a young American whoenlists in the Canadian army when hereads of the German atrocities inBelgium and goes to England. Whiletraining near London, he meets andloves a charming Australian girl whoreciprocates his passion.When this girl falls heir to a vastfortune, an unscrupulous Englishbaronet seeks to force her into marriage with him, and this affair is interrupted by international complications and the operations of Germanspies. The girl later finds "the greatlove" in unremitting service forcountry and the cause of world'sdemocracy. Many famous Englishsociety women assist in the development of the story as workers in hospitals and muntions factories, and inthis respect the photonlav is said tobe one of the most remarkable everproduced.Born at LaGrange, near Louisville,Ky., Mr. Griffith is the son of the lateBrigadier General Jacob Wark Grifith, C. S. A.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results "in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free., F. J. CHENEY & CO., -Props.,' Toledo, Ohio.All Druggis'ts, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.. , . (adv-oct)WANTEDThe ijmmediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth 'St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Administrator's Notice,All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate , of the lateMrs. Mina M. Howell are. requestedto settle with the undersigned administrator. , ,.Those having claims, against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. JAMES M. HUKILL,( 2 7-3 wks) Administrator.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, ?3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6,50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington. ,We also purchase old and newfeathers,' for which we pay the highest price. , Send us samples. .HAVE COLOR Iff MSBe Better Looking- TakeOlive TabletsIf your skin is yellow complexion pall idtongue coated appetite poor you havea bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-goodfeeling you should take Olive Tablets.,Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a substitute-forcalomel wereprepared byDr.Edwardsafter 17-years of study with his patients.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are a purelyvegetable compound mixed with olive oil.You will know them by their olive color.To haveaclear? pint skin, bright eyes,no pimples a 'feelingr of buoyancy lijcechildhood days you must get at the cause.Dr. Edwards Olivq Tablets 'act on jtheliver and bowels like calomel e't "haveno dangerous after effects. wThey start the bile and overcome constipation. That's why millions of boxes aresold annually at 10c and 25c per box. Alldruggists. Take one or two nightly andote the pleasing results.PEtST TOBACCO SALEThe Lexington Independent Tobacco Warehouse had the 'honor lastweek of being the first purchaser ofa crop of 1918 tobaccofrom Bourboncounty . The crop, containing fifteenacres product, was sold by ClayOwens, who raised it on. the SilasBedford farm near Paris. The tobacco brought an average price offorty cents per pound, and is of excellent quality.WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work.. Send .atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.r MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)Public RentingOF-Fine Bluegrass Farm onCourt DayThe undersigned will rent at public outcry on Court Day,Monday, Oct. 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Ky., the fine Bluegrassfarm known as the Sue K. Moranplace, which is located o-n the Peacock Pike, aBout 3 miles fromParis.This is one of the best farms inBourbon county, and contains 300acres. On the place is a substantialhouse containing 6 rooms, a goodtobacco bara that will house 15 acresof tobacco, plenty of tobacco sticks,all necessary outbuildings, never failing water.Forty-five acres now in corn, 30acres in wheat stubble and 15 acresin meadow, may all be used for cornmaking 90 acres in all for corn.Forty acres to go in wheat, 10acres of virgin soil to go in tobacco,160 acres in grass.Prospective renters may inspectthe place at any time.For further information, addressor call onMRS. SALLIE MORAN QLAY.M. F. KENNBY, Auctioneer.(13-td)Bluegrass FarmFor Rent onCourt DayThe undersigned, as agent of MissLetitia Clay, and Committee ofGeorge Clay, will offer for rent, publicly, at the Court House door, Paris,Kentucky,On October 7, 1918,at 11 o'clock a. m:, 209.4 acres offland belonging to Miss Letitia Clay,and 50 acres belonging to GeorgeClay, the 259.4 acres to be rented together. Said farms are located on the "Winchester pike, 5 miles from Paris, andcontaining a dwelling, two tenanthouses, other necessary buildings,never-failing water, and to be cultivated as follows: 74.28 acres inhemp or corn, (now in hemp); 90,38acres in wheat, (now in corn about48 acres to be sowed with, the wheatin timothy, clover next spring, and42.38 acres with the wheat in grass,clover in the spring, owners to furnish seed, and tenant to sow withoutcharge) ; 21.5 acres to continue intimothy, and 73.24 acres to remainin grass. Tenant must cut weeds,but no trees.TERMS: Negotiable notes for onehalf of the rental price, payable September 1, 1919, and on March 1,1920, with interest from maturity.The rfght is reserved to reject anyor all bids.Thei farms will be shown, from MisaLetitiac Clay's residence, or by the undersigned. H. CLAY HOWARD.FOR RENT.Nicely furnished front room, centrally located. Suitable for eithertwo ladies or two gentlemen. Use oftelephone and bath. Price $12.50per month. Call 407 Pleasant street.(l-2t-pd)For Sale PrivatelySmall farm of about eight acres,more or less, located about 2 milesfrom Paris, near Peacock turnpike;has 5-roojm house good stock barn,garage, buggy shed, large grist mill,with 2 sets of 48 in. burs, 1 for corn,the other for wheat; and all othernecessary out-biuldings; 4 acres ofgood tobacco land, with sticks andhouse room.O. L. FREY,Office: Cumberland Phone 857,Office: Home Phone 15.Residence, Cumberland Phone 829.(27-3t)Pony Taken Up.Taken up as stray, a black pony.Owner can ascertain location of sameby calling at THE NEWS office, proving property and paying advertisingand other charges.Buying OnCreditis a nuisance toboth buyer andseller.It is one thing that keepsthe cost of living goinghigher. Bring your market basket and the cash toMRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYopposite the Paris CourtHouse, and see what youcan save.Margolen'sSANITAR 1Meat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUs an OrderWOOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market!BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWTtlMTHBriKbrf Co.SPBYER SON,Lexington, Ky.lM. P. KENNEY, Auctioneer.Phone 376x aju writing me auinoriues at i1 Washington that we will make good." k...FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1$U,thb wm$mi mLMJMfcnA.iiivV1X3y.mm&imi i i i i itmxI'AIIiV'1JETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSAnnouncing the Newest ModesFor AutumnII,fttommfemmtatototomtoitotototototofemmmf- . RSrBaldwin Woods, of Paris, who is and lost out On our wav hero ,wn England with the Barrow Basel a lot of what Unci sm l aL Ttne enormity of the stunts he is putting over on the Boche in gettingready for this war, and, consideringthe starting conditions and time inwhich, he had to do it, the results aresimply wonderful. Our trin inlive days and I did jmost of my ridingwo xxu vi wnere our rolling kitchenwas located, and got a pretty goodview of the country. The town we.J m Northwestern France'and is St. Andre De Eauk, in the sameState as Vallet. It is within fivemiles of one of the largest seaportsin France. Nothing to the town, infact, it is the smallest we have camped in yet, and also a very poor section of the country. Very little ofthe country is under cultivation andthe main crop seems to be wild blank.berries. The roads for miles aroundare simply loaded down with berriesand the French people will not touchLiiem, saying they are no good and athome we are crazy about them. Oneof the best treats we have had in theway of eats since we got to FranceHave berry picking details everyday and eat blackberry pie, firittersand blackberry everything."Practically all the houses herehave thatched roofs, and that withthe big wind-jmills, remind a personmore of Holland than of beine- inFrance. We are billeted in n. nnhnni.house and in our pup-tents. Had cuchoice of camping places, and, although the nights are becoming cool,I preferred the 'pup.' I'm becominga chronic fresh air fiend. I like thisfresh air business fine and am goingto sleep in my tent just as long asthe weather possibly nermits. Mvbunkie now is a fellow named BobLassiter, from St. Louis. I've sorterchumpned with him since coming toFrance anyway. The two of us havebuilt broad sides to our tent, makingit about two feet higher, giving usplenty of room to sit 'up inside thetent, and be really comfortable, andalso removes the necessity of crawling in backwards on our hands andknees when we want to go to bed. Astrange way to get in to tent, butnverethless true, when you have nosideboards. It behooves us to makeourselves as comfortable as possible,as we expect to be here for two orthree months."At last I've escaped from K. P.I have to relieve the man on officersmess every fourth day, but at thatI'jm. pretty well pleased with thechange. Do not know when we willstart on our regular work here. Inthe meantime, though, there is always something to do. Digging postholes in this neck of the woods willbe no cinch, as most of the digging!will be through rock. I've. recentlyreceived letters from Will, Henry andBert. Also had a nice long letterfrom Mr. Brown, and two bunches ofDetroit papers, and must say that"To the Aaiser's Aids" is great stuff.I have also been receiving the Cincinnati Enquirer and home paperspretty regularly. It's nearly messtime, so I'll bring this to a close andleave the answering of your letters tothe next time. Love and best wishesto all."Affectionately"LEO."Hospital Unit No. 40, writes to hisaother, Mrs. Jack Woods, in thiscity under date of Sept. 12, as follows: "Dear Mother: I received yourletter to-day, and you know I wascertainly glad to hear from you .... ILad a long letter to-day frombrother, saying he was in the Quartermaster's Corps. He writes like hevould like to come over here, but Iumk he will be stationed there fora long time yet, as the Quartermaster Corps does not come over as fastat the other men. . .1 would sure likeo see Dude in a soldier's suit. . . .It,& rather lonesome over here justaow. Twenty-five of our men left toay for 'somewhere.' There were twoPens boys in the bunch, Tqni Prichard and Clarence Buchanan. Theycertainly did bate to leave. Tom was,3 Know. We might see them again.One of the boys started to sing 'MyOld Kentucky Home,' but couldn'tinish, as he wound up crying. I don't'hmk we will stay here very long. I.an willing and ready to go myself...I received a nice lot of things,Dut the best things came from theRed Cross. I want you to thankhem for me 1 would like to tell..ou a few things about over here,lut am afraid of the spies. There is&n order out not to mention anythingncerning troops, etc."I am now working under Sergt.Hoggin, and we are surely doing somework, hauling all the material forthis place and equipping it. I don'tthink we will work in the Hospital,as there is an army of women therecalled 'Wacks' who do all the workon the inside. . . .1 wish you could seeu over here with these Englishbelles. Every girl you meet wants toknow if we are married. They willride twenty miles on their bicyclesto call on the boys. This is no joke,as I know of two who rode fifteenmiles on their bikes to see Whaleyand Houston .... Last week we wereentertained by four negroes from theStates. They played all kinds ofmusic, including rag time and patriotic airs for us."Tell the boys that if they knewhow badly they are needed over herethey would get ready and come without being drafted. I would like toJay pny hands on a Hun, as I surelywould try to put him out of business.I want to put one to sleep before Iget back, and I am going in to itlike a man, and come back safe.Tell Lauthman that Harrison Scott,the fellow that tried to sell him thecale about two years ago, asked abouthim, and asked to be remembered tohim. Prof. Bruce Reynolds, the violinist, formerly of Lexington, alsoasked to be remembered, to him."Well, mother, guess I will haveto stop, as I have about run out ofnews. I would like to write more indetail, but I am afraid the censorwill get hold of me. Hoping to hearfiom you and the rest of the familyery soon, I am"Your Loving Son,"BALDWIN."Leo Grosche, formerly of Paris,now in France, as a member of theRailway and Telegraph Signal Service with the American Expeditionary Forces, sends his brothers, Jos., ' Wayne Cottingham, of Paris, hasWill and Henry Grosche, in this city, been transferred from ordinary sol-the following interesting letter: dier work at Camp Zachary Taylor"Pranpp Ahp- 9i iQi ' to a "responsible position" in the"Dear Folks: It is now 1:00 pi Finance Office of the Quartermaster's7n., and wre can send out no more maiLafter 2:30 p. m. before leaving ourpresent location, so will scratch off alittle note to break the longVintervalbetween letters. Do not know .wherewe go from here or when 'we start,i. ii. win oe soon, ana i imagine itwill be the longest trip We havetaken. With the exception of somepapers and the letters f roni Bert andHenry from West Baden, I've had nomail in three weeks and believe' me Imiss it. I believe there will be a bigbunch of mail awaiting us at ournext destination. Went to Paris andspent a day last week, but did notspend much time in Paris; in fact,went to Versailles to see the RoyalPalace. I'll have to leave a description of any trip there until my nextletter, as time is at a premium thisafternoon. My teeth are getting infairly good condition again and donot think it will be long before theyaie 0. K. again. Did not get thebridge work fixed though, and willhave to wait until the next stop forthat Must quit for this time, andyou will get a long letter from me atnext stop. Love and best wishes toall. Affectionately,"LEO."Expect to get started on this tripto-night or to-morrow, and if weshould pas through a town whereAmerican soldiers are located, I'llhand this to one of them to mail."Again we've moved and settleddown, and further from the frontthan ever. Made about a 250-jtniletHp getting here. I had to travelwth the bunch on the railroad trainhis time, as our Company, E, handledthe kitchen on the truck train. Wetraveled in box cars with lots of strawn the floors, but that did not keepthe dinky French box cars fromJouncing all over the road bed. Theyare about half the size of the boxcars in the States, and just have therapacity of 10,000 kilos, or, in goodold English, 11 tons, are equippedwith four wheels, and when they arerolling at a pretty good clip bouncehke a rubber ball."They have larger cars than wetraveled in, but they are few and farbetween. The box cars Uncle Samhas over here look like mountainsbeside them."Our trip was interesting, buttiresome, before it was finished.Only made short stops, usually justlong enoueh to eat. Stonned at 'Orleans and the bunch was taken up Iin the town. I was -on K. -P. dutyDepartment at the camp. Waynewrites THE "NEWS another of his in-1teresting letters, which we reproduce below:"Camp Taylor, Ky."Dear NEWSr-rf he was Anythinglike his namesake, old Zachary Taylor held all' records for being industrious. Work, 'like Spanish 'flu' is allthe rage here at present. Trying tododge' it is just' as easy as .shootingfish or trying to borrow some'money."I am working in the finance officetemporarily, and have to pound atypewriter from daylight until tapsat 11 p. m., in an effort to get our'hired hands' paid their thirty kopeks, minus $6.50 insurance, $15allotment, etc., on time. In thisoffice everybody works, including theofficers. That's unusual, but hecommissioned specie set the pace forthe whole bunch. This job remindsme a great deal of newspaper workall you have to do is work."I suppose Paris is as lively asever traffic cops on all the corners.And I suppose the whole town enjpysthe same recreation on Sunday afternoon as it did when I was therewalking down to see the creek. Atany rate the creek does move. Whenis Paris going to awake and openpicture shows on. Sunday? Even RipVan Winkle only slept twenty years."Yes, I am in a rather pessimistic mood to-day. This is Sundayand I couldn't get a pass to Louisville because of the prevalence ofSpanish influenza and the issuing ofonly one-fourth as many passes asformerly."All the crowd I came to campwith were transferred to the artilleryrange at West Point to-day, leavingme here by my lonesome. But Iguess I'll follow in their steps soon.After two months' training we'll goacross, according to rumor. That, ofcourse, -means peace by Christmas.Otherwise they wouldn't send thisfighting batallion over there."As this is Sunday, my wash day,I will have to strain my back over awash-tub for an hour or so, bo mustclose and go at it. Give my best regards to everyone from the 'devil'clean on up including the printers,yourself and the editor."Sincerely"WAYNE COTTINGHAM,"Finance Office Q. M. Detachment,Camp Taylor, Ky."- 4Mrs. Henry J. San ten received thefollowing Jetter.a few days ago fromiiBBBBl Cccilemi --aaIIIaiForward!With no thought of bursting shrapnel and poisonous gases into whichthey plunge with every muscle tense,with every faculty of mind alert,with one thought only TO FIGHTAND WIN.That is the way our men are goinginto battle. When the shrill whistlesounds the advance, out they go theirwhole heart in the task before them.No power on earth can hold them back.Forward!The same sharp challenge to battleis sounding for us. We must answerin the same proud way the way ofour fighting men the American way.We must lend the way they fight?vWe must show the war-maddenedHun a united American people moving forward shoulder to shoulder,irresistibly, to Victory.Our task is to supply the money,the ships, the guns, the shells that wemust have to win. It is a tremendoustask. We must do it as our fightingmen do theirs with the indomitablespirit of Victory. ,We must work, ahd save, and lendwith one thought only TO FIGHTAND WIN.Get into the fight with your wholeheart. Bay Bonds to the utmost!Urn Space Contributed bySwift & CompanyJrfeaciwearExquisite BeautyExclusive Styleand adaptiveness to individualrequirements are the fundamentals of supremacyue are theOxclusive ocalCecile DistributorsNew Cecile ModelsAre Arriving Dailyher son, Bernard J Santen, who wasrecently transferred from CampZachary Taylor to an Eastern Camp.Mr. Santen, in a previous letter, intimated thahe, was. getting ready fora trip over, the'( ocean. The 'subjoined letter was "written on, board thetransport which took hjmf with his'companions,! to join the Americanforces already overseas:"On Transport."Dear Mother:"We are still on the water, buthope before night to see the dear oldland once more, and there is not asoul on board who will not be glad,as we have been on the water longenough and will be contented whenin sight of land."We have had a fine voyage, except we had about four days of realrough seas, and the old ship wouldpitch about, but all is well that endswell and it looks as if we will saythat in a few more hours. As far asX know we haven't seen a submarineand I am just a little bit sorry, forI would like to have seen our crewsight one and then blow it to kingdom come, but it is better perhaps, wedid not, as we were just that muchsafer. We have a number of destroyers along as protection the last fewdays and that has made us all feeleasier, as we have the protection oftheir guns and their watchfulness."Uncle Sam isn't taking anychances with his troops and sees thatthey are all safely guarded whilegoing across. I have been feelingjust fine on the trip and haven't beensick a day and that is saying a wholelot, for quite a number were, but theygot over it in a short time. We havehad lovely meals while on board andmuch better than while in camp.Just think, we have had pork chopsand link pork sausage some eats,and I had nerly forsrotten how norkhaving Mr. Baker, Secretary pf War?along on this' trip, and through""his'permission we are allowed to mentionthis fact, otherwise we could saytoothing. I won.'t be able to write1inuchhbut what I can say rwillfand'Jry tablet ydu knoty wearealiowe'dto wrjte, and please see, mq'tWer, ifyou can seiidkme some of the1aperstwice in awhile. !Il?vould sure liketo see a BOURBON NEWS righ"t now.Tell papa if he can to get nieHhe account'jof each world series games andimail them fiist-class postage, and Iwould like to have the Enquirer account if possible."Pray hard for me. Keep up yourcourage for my sake, and writewhenever you can, and with all thelove in the world for all of you, Iam, Your Son,; "BERNARD J. SANTEN.f "P. S. Will write again, as soonas I have the chance."fe fe ?aIT'S A MISTAKE MADE BY MANYPARIS RESIDENTS1 Many people in a miguided effortto get rid of kidney backache, relyon plasters, liniments and othermakeshifts. The right tieatment iskidney treatment and a remarkablyrecommended kidney medicine isDoan's Kidney Pills. Paris is no exception. The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typicalof the work of Doan's Kidney Pillsin Paris.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I have Jiadthree or, four attacks of lumbagd inthe past few years the first being" theworst. There was a constant, dullaclie m jmy back and often sharp,cuttingna.ms rinrtpri thnrp-h it Ittastea, it nan oeen so long since I sometimes seemed as though I coulduau ouy. me -nays QOn t seem SO . hardlv enriiirA tho micprv T trioHlong as you would imagine, andwhile we have been on a week, ithas passed quickly, as there are somany of us and don't get very lonesome, but with all that I only wantto make one more trip, and that iscoining back, for I will take the landtwo to one for the sea, as I like tosee something besides just water dayafter day.misery.dinerent remedies to no avail until Igot hold of Doan's Kidney Pills, procuring thejn from the Ardery DrugCo. The first box helped me and Icontinued taking them until cured.Attacks since then have always beenslight and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c,' at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy geteach one setting a newelegancemark inWOLF, WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K"Has ProvenTheir Systemthe Most Satisfactory One"So says Mrs. Clarence LeBus, State Chairmanof the National War Savings Committee, in writof th,e training given her secretary, Miss ParleeWhite, who is one of our graduates. Mrs. LeBusalso says infspeaking of the school:"For one who desires a school,where they receive personal attention, systematic study, and expect tofinish an efficient worker, I heartilyrecommend the Pugazzi School.", For further information and details write,phone or call at the school.. Special Summer' rates on the Complete Business Course now in,effect. Write or call for New Catalogue justouu.Fugazzi School of BusinessMiss Irene Fugazzi, Principal"It is a wonderful sight to see the Dpan's Kidney Pills the same thatsun rise in the morning, hut not any Mr. Stewart had. Foster-Milburnpreu-ier inanrii is DacK-nome, m my Co., Mfrs. Buffalo N Yj opinion, we nave , been honored by r ; cEfficiency is Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court HousevLexmgton,'Ky.Cadv) 7iiii11I'w1?xI::IIii5 iiIII-I:Iv.?IVIiiIII,"w;z-.'jrr'tiny 'FRIDAY OCTOBER 4, ISIS.THE BOUMON NtWS, P AIS, JCT.KVESJdMEKT MAY MERGE THETECEGRAPH COMPANIES.As ad evidence of the intention ofthe Government to merge the tele.grafta jompanies in the -near future,officials of the Postal and Western,Union nvere in Paris yesterday inconsultation with Postmaster J. Walter Payne in regard to the matter.Those who participated in the conference, were J. P. Looney, of Indianapolis, Ind., Superintendent of thePostal Telegraph and Cable Co., J. B.'Cheatham, District Superintendentof the Western Union Telegraph Co.,H. D. Wheatley, representing theUnited States Government, C H. 33 arfleld, District Forepnan of the Postaland Postmaster J. Walter Payne,representing the Postbmce Department, vThe conference was held for thepurpose of discussing the proposedconsolidation of the two companiesin this" district, as Postmaster-GeneralBurleson desires to promoteefficiency and economy in the service.On Juy 1 the telegraph companiesof the entire nation were consolidatedunder the direction of Mr. Burleson,and it is now proposed to house bothcompanies under one roof and -Tiaveone general office.No definite steps were ta"kn bythe committee, which met by direction of the Postoffice Department, butit is understood, sejml-officially, thatsuck -condition. I. Paris will Tae practicable, and that the matter will befinally settled from Washington verysoon.m is laTMMT. ESTATE DEALS AHD LANDSALES.RELIGIOUS.te - )K " "VJtTlr'T' tThe Paris Realty Co., purchasedof Mrs. Sallie Withers, "two spnallfarms located on the Brentsville pike,near Paris, for a "private price. Thetwo farms contain an aggregate of156 acres, well improved. Possessionwill be given the purchaser in March,1919. The purchase was made forinvestment purposes.S3 13 teAGED COLORED CITI2EN DEAD.Wm. H. Hughes, colored, agedabout seventy-eight, died at his homeon Thomas avenue, after a brief illness. Hughes had acquired considerable property by hard work andfrugality, owning at the time of hisdeath real estate in Paris valued atseveral thousand dollars. For several years he owned and worked anice small farm near Hutchison. Heis survived by five sons and onedaughter.T5I E3 S3NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryshort. Come to -our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists. It wit! saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonJ. REDMON, Deputy.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetSunday nigkt at 6:45. The subjectis, "All For Christ Our Money."This is consecration night, and a collection will be taken.The Christian Wqmen's Board ofMissions of the Christian church willmeet in the parlors of the church this(Friday) afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,for an important business session.All the members are requested to bepresent.Rev. George R. Combs, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist cliurch, will givehis illustrated lecture, "Ballads andSongs of the Kentucky Mountains" inthe Ruddles Mills Christian jaihurch,under the auspices of the Ladies' AidSociety of that church, on Fridayevening, October 11. The proceedswill go to the benefit of the RedCross pledge.A revival meeting will, begin atthe Paris Baptist church on Sunday,'Oct. 13. The services will be conducted by the pastor, Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, assisted by Rev. Dr. B. B.Bailey, former pastor of the Mays-viille Baptist church, and now locatedin Arkadelphia, Ark., and Rev. W. L.Louisville. Rev. Baggott will lead theLouisville. Rev. Babbot will lead thesinging by an augmented choir.Next Sunday will be the firstSunday in the new month and alsothe beginning of a new quarter. Vacation tijme being over the attendance at the churches and Sundayschools should be largely increased.The uniform lessons for Sundayschools treat of the stories of thepatriarchs from Abraham to Joseph,starting with the coming Sunday.Next Sunday, October 6, will beobserved by the Sunday School of thePresbyterian church as Rally Day forSunday School Extension. An appropriate prograpi has been prepared andwill be rendered.The following members of the Primary Class will on this day graduateto the Intermediate Class: AlbertBratton, William Lytle, Charles Cahal, Edward Merringer, GeorgeEwalt, Williapn -Sauer, Will MooreLair a,nd William Yerkes. A large attendance is much desired.isa TS "THORN WILL PROBATEDIn the County Court Tuesday thelast will and testament of the lateMr. James W. Thorne, of near Millersurg, was admitted to probate.The instrument, bearing date ofSept. 8, 1897, and witnessed by W. M.Miller and Thos. E. Savage, of Millersbur.g, leaves the entire estate ofthe testator, real, personal and mixed,to his widow, Mrs. Fannie A. Thorne,for life. According to the terms ofthe will, Mrs. Thorne was named asexecutrix of the estate without bond,and the Court was asked to requireno appraisement of the estate.cfc5Sf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY, HBDH, OCT. 4D. W. Griffith Presents"THE GREAT LOVE"An Artcraft Picture, with cast like "TheBirth of a Nation" and "Hearts of theWorld," including Lillian Gish, GeorgeFawcett, Robert Harron, George Siegman,Henry Walthall, Maxfield Stanley, Rosemary Theby and Gloria Hope.Also Ruth Roland in "Hands Up"PRICES FOR "THE GREAT LOVE"Adults 35c; Children 25c.SATURDAYOCTOBER5Tom MooreIN"Just For Tonight"They couldn't keep a good man down."He showed 'em the stuff heroes aremade of.""Smiling BIN" Parsons, In "Bill'sPredicament." Also Britains BulwarksNo. 5.MONDAYOCTOBER 7Jewel CarmenINLiLAWLESS LOVEJJStory by Max Brand. Directed byRobert Thornby. How a New York girlfound her mate in a bandit stronghold.Sunshine. Comedy, "Wild Womenand Tame Lions." Also Screen Telegram.PricesAt tire Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.Beginning Monday, October 7th, an Orchestra of Seven PiecesWill Play Afternoon and Evening.PRICES, BEGINNING MONDAY Children 10c, War Tax lc; Adults 20c, War Tax 2c. Prices for Colored Persons at Thead-Children 5c, War Tax lc; Adults 10c, War Tax lc. neGrandWITH THE GOATSix candidates were initiated intothe Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen at their meeting held at the K.of P. Hall Wednesday night.Two candidates were given thePage Rank last -night at the meetingof Rathbone Lodge, Knights of Pythias. v fe TsiCAPTURE ESCAPED PATIENT.Chief of Police Fred Link, assistedby Fire Chief Ullman Lancaster,captured John McClain, an escapedinmate of the Lexington Hospital forthe Insane, on the Wright farm nearParis, Wednesday- He was turnedover to two attaches of the Hospitaland returned to that institutionWednesday night.P3 3 EaTO TAX PAYERS,Tax receipts of thecity for 1918 are nowin the hands of CityCollector W. W.Mitchell at the Farmers 8c Traders Bank.Call and pay themnow.E. B. JANUARY,Mayor.(aug24-tf)CITY BOARD OP HEALTH ISSUESINFLUENZA WARNINGA Precaution: To prevent thepresence and spread of epidemic influenza the City Board of Health suggests that people who suffer frompain in the head, eye, back and inother parts of the body, accompaniedby general lassitude or weakness,chilly sensation, a sudden rise oftemperature, with some dischargefrom nostrils, eyes red and a slightcough, should not go into crowdedplaces, e. g., picture shows, churches,cars, etc.When sneezing or coughing do notueglect to protect the other person byusing handkerchief at mouth ornostrils.Plenty of fresh air, good food,regular hours and habits will go far..towards the protection of the community against the probable dangersof the above disease.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.fca s EaSEE PF.T.TVS SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'a)id children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)"UNCLE BILL" AGAIN."Uncle Bill" Schooler, journalist,printer, and all-round good fellow,has become a member of the Cynthiana Democrat's staff. Editor JamesM. A4len has secured a valuableassistant in Mr. Schooler, who hasbeen, in the newspaper business allhis life. He knows how!FOR SALEWe will have two loads of extragood black feeders, also three loadsgood quality yearlings on the marketCourt day at Richmond, Ky.J. W. JONES,J. H. BAUGHMAN.PUBLIC AUCTION!Having decided to retire from the jewelry and optical business, Iwill offer for sale my stock and fixtures, consisting of watches, clocks,,jewelry, optical goods, show cases, iron safes, etc. Auction will begin.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918at 2 o'clock p. m., and will be continued at 7:30 o'clock, p. m., and samehours next day, is necessary. Will be open each Saturday and court dayuntil day of auction in order to deliver all repair work now on hand,which must be called for before that date as there will be no repair workdelivered during the sale.O. L. FRYE(nov4-ll) 203 N. Main St., Paris, Ky.9Don't Miss This Great Exhibit of Booty Captured from Huns: Will Be Here Oct. 4ZSiSEaEL-aMaaJSeUWarTrophyTrainAT THE L. & N. PASSENGER DEPOTJifi&Friday, October 4th, From 8 to 10 O'clockAll persons desiring to visit this train will meetat 7:15 and form a line of parade and march tothe depot:tr .:.., Sf,-5V& 'r . ;.'$ "V? WWjtThis Space Contributed to the Winning of the War by-Wm. Kenney FergusonJas. M. ScottiLusk & SheaLowry & May'-lv&r t- l ft!?-tN. A. Moore'R. P. Walshv. -N.-: tvJt, tJ - .- -f ' . J'j;"" j. " vlFRIDAY OCTOBER 4, 1918.THE TOUR NBWS, rAWS, KT.T.' :T fV.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.B0UKB01L COUHTY'S THERE!$FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETEACHERS' VOLUNTEERThe teachers of the Paris Publiccdiools have volunteered their services in assisting the members of theBourbon County Draft Board to copyihe questionnaires as they are finallyompleted. The work is being donen the office of County Clerk Pearce?aton.SLAUGHTER HOUSE BURNEDThe Margolen slaughter house, lorated on the Fords Mills pike, nearpari" was entirely destroyed Wednesday night by fire of an unknownrf"in. The house contained about1500 pounds of fresh dressed ,meat, alare lot of lard, tallow, etc. Therea as an insurance of about $600 on-he property.. E3 fe SWANTED GOOD THING.Paris people certainly appreciatea "ood newspaper. Several of them-uffered a lapse of memory as to datesf issue, and came for their papersvesterdav, under the impression thatIt was Friday. Seems they couldn'tait, so anxious were they to get-HE NEWS.. S P2 ISREGISTRATION RESULTS.Tuesday's registration of voters ine six precincts of Paris shows a-ttal of 69a Democrats, 354 Repubcans and 12 Independents. As compared with the registration in 1917,he Democrats have sustained a lossif 161, while the Republicans haveained 29. The registration was a"ight one, not much interest being"ianifested.TO ADMINISTER ESTATEIn the County Court Judge George3atterton appointed Mr. James M.Hukill, of Paris, as administrator ofthe estate of Mrs. Mina Howell, who41011 here recently. Mr. Hukill accepted the trust, and qualified by furbishing bond in the sum of $1,500,.vith Mr. Hal Woodford as surety.is IS isNEW MEAT MARKET.Mr. Henry J. Grosche has leasedvas store room on the corner of Highand Eighth streets, formerly occupiedby him as a bakery, to Mr. L. H. Mulfinger. Mr. Mufinger is fitting upthe rooms and will occupy them as ameat market. He has recently returned from Georgetown, where he-a as associated in business withCoghill & Sons.Id ?5 IKINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. ' We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Vxnings 'and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere:CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.Mr. William E. Clarke, Civil Service Secretary at the Paris postoffice,announces that an examination forclerks with knowledge of stenography or typewriting, will be held atthe Paris postoffice on October 25,and on November 15 'for clerk-bookkeepersand for bookkeepers-type-.riters.Full particulars a,nd applicationblanks can be obtained by applyingto Mr. Clarke at the Paris postoffice.IS IS ISU. D. C. ELECTS OFFICERS.The first fall meeting of the Richard Hawes Chapter, United Daughters of the Confederacy was held atthe court house Tuesday afternoon,ft ith a more than average attendance.After transacting considerable business, the election of officers wastaken up, resulting in the selectionof the following:President Mrs. J. -T. Vansant;first vice-president Mrs. Amos Turney; second vice president Mrs. Jno.J. Connell; secretary Mrs. AlbertMitchell; treasurer Mrs. Jos. Ewalt.Regular meetings will be held bythe Chapter throughout the winteron the third Saturday in each month,at 2:30 p. m., in the Confederate"room in ihe court house.SEE FELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALL- SHOES.Miss Ruth Soper has returnedfrom an extended visit to relatives inLouisville.Mrs. C. B. McCartney, of Paris,is a guest of Mrs. Mary McCartney,in Flemingsburg.Mr. Charles Wilson, a prominentfarmer of the Shawhan vicinity, is seriously ill of pneumonia.Rev. Geo. R. Combs and familywill spend the week-end in Knoxcounty as guests of relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser havemoved to Corbin, where Mr. Kiser isconnected with the L. & N.Rev. George Ammerman andfamily have moved from Cynthianato Paris to reside in the future.Mrs. P. H. Lane, of Philadelphia,will arrive to-day for a visit to Mfs.Swift Champe, on Pleasant street.Mrs. M. J. Lavin is spending theweek-end in Lexington as a guest ofMiss Margaret Sullivan, on Mainstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. H. Cannonhave as guests a their home on Cypress street, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Crapster, of Lagrange.Miss Martha Tinder, of NorthMiddetown, while attending the sessions of the Christian Church Convention at Richpnond, is a guest ofMrs. Elizabeth Hagan.Mr. James J. Haggard continuesvery ill at his home on Cypressstreet. His brother, Mr. W. Z. Haggard, of Winchester, came to ParisWednesday, to see him.Mrs. J. W. Davis, Mrs. R. M.Smith, Mrs. Horton and Mr. J. H.Steele, of Lagrange, composed a motparty who were recent guests of Mrs.L.A. Soper, in this city.The fall trotting meeting at Lexington has received a generous patronage froni Paris and Bourboncounty people, most of them usingthe automobile route for convenience.Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintockand daughter, Miss Rachel McClintock, have concluded a visit at thehome of Mrs. Lou E. Rogers, nearGeorgetown, and returned to theirhojme in this city.Messrs. Charles P. Cook, Ed. T.Hinton, Mrs. Wpn. M. Talbott, Mrs. J.Walter Payne and Mrs. White Vardenmotored to Richmond yesterday andattended the annual convention ofthe Christian church in session there.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Hamiltonhave taken rooms at the home of Mrs.Carl Crawford, on Pleasant street,and will make their home at thatplace in the future. These roomswere advertised in THE NEWS andwere rented three hours later.Mr. John Herrin, of StampingGround, Scott county, spent severaldays in this city as a guest of hismother, Mrs. Ellen Herrin. Mr. Herlin was en route home from Martinsville, Ind., where he had been for several weeks taking treatment for inflammatory rheumatism. He is greatlyimproved.Mr. S. A. Booth, of near Paris,has returned from an inspection tripto the oil fields in Lee and Estillcounties. Mr. Booth was very enthusiastic over the prospects there, judging from developments, and said thatBourbon county stockholders wereassured of good returns for their investments. ,.An automobile party composed ofMr. and Mrs. H. D. Campbell, Mrs.Emjina Browning, Miss Edith Wheeler, Miss Lenora Alliband and Mrs. W.R. Fra-nklin, all of Paris, motored toRichmond, Wednesday, for a weekend visit with Rev. and Mrs. JulianA. McClintock and Mrs. Carl C. Collins, former Bourbon county people.Mr. Desha Lucas, formerly ofParis, came in Wednesday night fromYounsrstown. Ohio, to visit friends 1and relatives. Mr. Lucas has beenstationed in Youngstown for severalyears as Eastern representative of theTexas Land & Oil Co., of Port Arthur,Texas. He will spend a few daysvisiting here and proceed to Port Arthur on a business mission.Several Paris "nobles" went toLexington last night to attend theceremonial and banquet given byOleika Temple Shriners. The banquet was served at 6:30 p. m., andthe Temnle was opened at 8:00. Thevisit of the Imperial Potentate, a report of representatives and the datefor the next ceremonial were amongthe important matters considered.(Other Personals on Page 7)In a special dispatch from its .correspondent at Washington, D. C., theLouisville .Courier-Journal placesBourbon county, Ky., as being one ofthe few and first to make a promptreport of "going over "the- top" inovesubscribing its quota for theFourth Liberty Loan.One paragraph in the dispatchstated:"Here in Washington, where hundreds of Kentuckians are now employed, and where they eagerly graspevery little bit of news from the oldState, it was a matter of .pride tothem when they learned that Bourbon county-had gone over the top inthe Loan . drive? Paris, the countyscat, has several" representativeshere, and the way ' they celebratedthe good old town's accomplishmentjmade Kentuckians feel mighty good.Bourbon county, Kentucky, has madea record that will stand out by itselfwhen the Liberty Loan history iswritten in the reports."The exact figures to date for an aggregate total in the Fourth. LibertyLoan drive in Bourbon remain closearound that given out Wednesday,$827,150. To this must be added thesubscriptions of the Louisville andNashville employes, which are reported at about $30,000. This has to bereported through Cleveland, -Ot. Itwill bring the total up to $854,150.J IS laGOLDFISH FOR SALE.Goldfish for sale atOBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE.(4-2t)fe 1 ISTRACTION OFFICIALS CONFERREGARDING "DINKY"SCHEDULE.Several weeks ago, the KentuckyTraction and Terpiinal Co., instituteda slow schedule and new six-cent,fare rate for the operation of the citycar on their lines in this city. Theschedule and the rate both broughtout many protests from patrons of theline,, with the result of causing considerable discussion and dissatisfaction. No action was taken in regardto the matter at the time.Yesterday Messrs. J. R. Bush andJ. H. Dailey, representing the Traction Co., came to Paris and held aconference with Mayor E. B. Januaryand other interested officials in regard to restoring the old scheduleland the old five-cent fare. Nothingwas given out for publication afterthe conference, but enough was gathered to surmise that the changes willbe made shortly to the entire saticfaction of the patrons and the traction people.TS Tsm tesFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.Typewriter Wanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tf)Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.S ISGREAT LAKES BAND'COMING ONOCTOBER 7.Definite announcement has beenmade of the comins: of the GreatLakes Naval Band. The band willarrive in Paris at 7:59 p. m. on Monday, Oct. 7, and will give a concert,the weather permitting, in front ofthe court house. They will leave at7:45 on the following morning forMaysville.The Gieat Lakes Band is the onevhich toured this State during theThird Liberty Loan. It scored heavilyeverywhere it played, and will do soAgain. Full details will be given insuccessive issues of the local press before the date of the band's appearance here.The concert at the Paris Grandwill begin promptly at 7:30 p. m., assoon as the band arrives from thetiain. The Community Chorus, ofsixty voices, will have a prominentPlace on the program, and will rendera prograpi of camp and patriotic airs.A mistaken impression has gottenout in some unaccountable mannerthat an admission fee will be charged.There will be absolutely no charge,Admission free to everyone. The public is extended a cordial invitation tooome to the Onera House at 7:30o'clo'ckTUbnday night, TaaTlrear thisFor Rent.A Vine street residence of 5 roomsfitted with bath; gas; electric light.Apply toJ. T. HINTON,(4-3t-pd) Both Phones.NewACTIVITIES IN POLICE CIRCLES.Chief of Police Link arrested elevenmen at the corner of Main and Twentieth streets, all colored, who had intheir possession a total of nine gallons of whiskey. The men werebrought to Paris on the 5:15 car, andtaken before County Judge Battertonfor a hearing. The whiskey was introduced as evidence. The men wererecognized for appearance in theCourt at another date, when theircases will be heard.Hobart Walton, who escaped tromthe Fayette County workhouse onSeptember 23, was captured in Parisand returned to the Lexington authorities by C. R. Jordan, keeper ofthp workhouse. He was taken beforeActing County Judge Chas. M. Par- I. . .1 !-.4-,r Jnt.n in Q rl rl 1 fl rT1 Irisn ana given sia.l uajo ,. wto Jiis original sentence of tnirtydays. --Chief of Police Link and Patrolman Lusk captured an alleged deserter from the army, who gave htsname of Ed. Clarke, on the farm ifSim Weil, near the Bourbon countyline at Muir. Clarke, after beingplaced under arrest, confessed thathe was the man wanted, and statedto the officers that he had been onthe Weil place for three months,assisting his father, Willis Clarkeharvest his crops. At the time hewas placed under arrest he was engaged in filling a silo. Clarke was man army camp near Chattanooga,tr-nm whir.h he deserted on June 1.He has two brothers with the Amer-: TJVorlitinnarV forces in x-ianc.He was held heremntil the arrival ofan arany omcer, wuu i;iu.uvu ,0.R.S.Player RollsgOutENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:-Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry Goods 'Notions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked, to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.BfflEfflifirortMy Little Rambling RoseSweet Hawaiian Moonlight.Dreamy Hawaiian Moon.My Sweetheart is Somewherein France.Hooking Cow Blues.Till I'm Called.God Be With Our Boys. .Beautiful Isle.Rock of Ages.vjgamMjggflMKM ffftiMake the ComingWinter Hours AsCheerful as PossibleWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and Rugsc &It will mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andH snug and "fcomry" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight expense it you will make your selections trom our very complete stocks.Always bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods." We'shall be glad to see yoii.nDaugherty Bros.Kodaks, Victrolas, Etc.Fifth and Main'J 6 j.'- '1. & fr yy-t.J,'-2-yfef.. f.mz?.JUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OUR ?McDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUB ...THE J THIN TON COMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKSNfj"EITHERPHON E" 36SslXTti AND MAIN STn,1 auk Ai- liXiXMiLXm .Jsv IT iKiuxr iwf ww iwt m iww its ra MJipgfine band. . ,Uhe camp.TBE W&BBO& NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAUCX" "s-insnii8T$x "aaaoioo iYcnngri'ui ;i&WRIGLEYSWb u;i U7in rtfs warNothing else really matters until we do!The Flavor LastsZAKSISCr SENDS DEFI TOMAN "KULTUR."GEE-WASHINGTON, October 3. TheAmerican Govenunent, in reply toGermany's threat to execute American prisoners of war found in possession of shotguns, Monday gave noticethat if Germany carries out any suchthreat suitable reprisals will betaken.Secretary Lansing's reply, madepublic Monday, declared that the useof shotguns is sanctioned by TheHague convention, and that in comparison with other weapons now usedin modern warfare the shotguns usedby the American troops can not bethe subject of legitimate or reasonable protest."If the German Government shouldcarry out its threat in a single instance," says Secretary Lansing's reply, "It will be the right and duty ofthe United States to make such reprisals as will best protect the American forces, and -notice is hereby givenof the intention of the Government oftne united States to take suchprisals."DIATETICS TO BE TAUGHT INBOURBON SCHOOLS.re-While Austrian "stool pigeons"are trying to hasten peace to pleasethe Kaiser, Ludendorff thinks peaceis coming too fast now for his peaceof mind.A course in diatetics was given lastweek at the Kentucky Experimentstation, in Lexington, to a group ofhome demonstration agents calledfrom Bowling Green, Blizabethtown,Shelbyville, West Liberty, Maysville,Paducah and Paris. Miss Alice Footgave the lectures in preparing theagents to give a series of new demonstrations arranged to teach diatetics to home demonstration clubsof wopnen and girls of the State.Those in attendance were: Mrs.Martha Golson, Paris; Martha Potter,Bowling Green; Miss Lilly Godman,Elizabethtown ; Mrs. Mary Harbison,Shelbyville; Miss Leona Carter, WestLiberty; Miss Mary McDowell, Shelbyville; Miss Artie Ashbrook, Maysville, and Miss Minnie Parker Durham, of Paducah.The county agents in Bourbon,Shelby and Graves will begin at oncea course of 16 lessons in diatetics tobe given in the county high schoolsor higher grade schools. Arrangements have been made by the superintendents to put in domestic scienceequipment and credit for entrance toUniversity of Kentucky will be allowed to all girls above the eighth gradewho attend one day a week unti theend of school.ONLY TERMS FOR GERMANY(New York Commercial.)German newspapers savagely attack Senator Lodge for stating America's war aims in such clear wordsthat none can twist their meaning.Pan-Germans declare that such expressions by the Republican leader ofthe Senate, which will have to ratifyany treaty that may be signed, render a peace understanding impossible.If we win this war there will beno such treaty of peace. The struggle will end with unconditional surrender. Gerpany will have no voicein settling the terms under which, shewill thereafter exist if Americanshave their way. The Huns have forfeited all claims to consideration, andthey can only obtain a negotiatedpeace by winning the war. We shallnot destroy the German people, butwe shall destroy Prussian ,militarismand the machinery of war thatthreatens the peace and safety of theworld.Senator Lodge has apparently succeeded in crystalizing public opinionin England, where his speech hasbeen received with enthusiasm. Hespeaks for the majority of his countrymen who have determined to putan end to Germany's power to wageanother war. Germany has refused torecognize or respect treaties. Herviolation of the Belgian treaty wasfollowed by similar violations oftreaties with Russia and Roumania.Why let her sit at the council boardwhen no faith can be put in her?When the Civil War came to an endthe fallen Confederate States signedno treaty with the United StatesGovernment. By their action, butnot by written or spoken words, theysubmitted to the will of the victor.Germany has less right to ask for apeace of understanding or a negotiated treaty because she has violatedthe laws of God and man, and has putherself below the level of the mostdegraded savages. The civilizedworld combined nearly a centuryago to suppress piracy and the slavetrade on the high seas. Twenty-onenations are now united in a similareffort to end forever the new form ofpiracy and slave trading which theHuns introduced into this conflict.These modern pirates and slavers deserve no more consideration thanthose who disappeared from the highseas with the advent of the steamship. Senator Lodge put into words whatis in our hearts. He is not restricted,in speaking for America, by officialposition or diplomatic usage. He hasstruck the keynote of this war as itnow affects his country.fe fe fca :R MARINELLO 'jjfll(p M. A. PATONl ICONE BIG DAY FOR THE ALLIES.LONDON, Oct. 3. Big war eventsare following one another in rapidsuccession. Monday's developmentswere:Bulgaria has surrendered unconditionally. An armistice lias beensigned and hostilities ceased at noon."German dream of Middle Easternempire gone forever," says BonarLaw.Peace bid from Turkey expectedmomentarily.Northern suburbs of Cambria -inBritish hands.Allies two miles beyond main Hindenburg line on eight-mile fronts.Belgian and British plunge aheadin Flanders. Whole German frontthere giving away. Capture ofRoulers reported.French and Americans smash forward on Champagne-Mause front.Half of Chemin des Dames inFrench hands as Germans retire.Hertling and Hintze reported tohave resigned. German Cabinet crisis threatens.CAN NOWEAT ANDCOMFORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually under-minded it until last fall I became awreck of my forpner self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I am to-day entirely well"(adv-oct)' BERNSTORFF HELD UP.SINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logarisport,Ind., writes: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."(adv-oct)There are eight Williams JenningsBryans in the American army, andthey don't know any (more about running than did the original William.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose andThroatROOMS 403-404HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPMHiiiMnniimmiHimiiH iV aMKBThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND BMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INIKht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptlyLimousine Invalid Coach.attended to with ourHearse used for funeral purposes only.A-m m ' tllllfillfi t A M, M, J, JuliiTnTi tuTi T T T TWTlJfTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTrTTTTW.! 1 1 1 1WASHINGTON, Oct., 3. Countvon Bernstorff, former Ambassadorfrom Germany to the United States,is reported to be marooned in Constantinople as a result of Bulgaria'ssurrender to the allies. In view ofthe possibility of Turkey followingthe example of Bulgaria, Count vonBernstorff's position, is an. embarrassing one, and his only apparent wayof escape now is to cross the BlackSea to Odessa a-nd then reach Gerjmany through Russia.Prompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention, toHOT AND COLD BATHSpa m mBRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfield,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlything that gives me relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)SETS WORLD RECORD IN SHIP.BUILDING.PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3. TheEmergency Fleet Corporation. Monday received a telegram from theGrays Harbor Motorship Corporation,of Aberdeen, Wash., announcing thatit had built a 4,000 tons dead weightwooden ship from keel to water inthe world's record time of 17 working days. It was announced that thevessel, which is ready for launching,is 96 per cent complete.A BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know .that a beautiful woman always nas a good digestion? If iyour digestion is faulty, eat light of ;meats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthen 'your digestion. Price 25c. j(adv-oct)las fe f . JA man. is so contrary that he willorder his wife to wake him up at 6a. m'. and then, he will set the alarmclock for 7 a. m.-Ladies', Misses'and Children'sNewFallApparelSuitsCoalsMillineryShoesDressesEtc., Etc.WATCH .WINDOWSFOR BARGAINSTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.3ssft af 5It is Time To Be' Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on. gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWc Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELA1NDHIHIIIHHBaBaHHBlHHiTRACTORIf yoti are interested in better andmore economical farming,, come inand Bee what this little wonderi doing for others.e Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Sis.Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.k K-?i00d S??inlss Practiie demands the prompt paymentof bills. Th1S however, is not the reason, you should I payLfcE!0?? we are under P&1w..uii iuc uuiku oaies uovernmentL Therepatriotic duty involved.is- a.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paving your bills.promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerW IT. CANNON.local Managera i mSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Pricejfl3,&vS, 5C-JV, & Vvj. r-i v. -,,-,.-. .A.FRIDAY OCTOBER 4, ISIS..r-TiT. .RssnTHE 'BOUBBON'HEWS, PAE&, ZXTUCTE. mPAGE SPXf , .iChildren LoveCascarets 10cCandy cathartic is harmlessto tender stomach, iverand bowels"Your child is bilious, constipated,sick. Its little tongue is coated,breath is bad and stomach sour. Geta 10-cent box of Cascarets andstraighten the youngster right up.CUdren love this harmless candycathartic and it cleanses the littlelivsr and thirty feet of bowels withoJt griping. Cascarets contain nocalomel and can be depended upon tojnove the sour bile and poison rightout of the bowels. Best family cathartic because it never cramps or sickenslike other things. (adv)53 191 !saAS INFLUENZA SPREADS NURSESARE MOBILIZED.Comings and Goings or OurPeople Here. There and' Elsewhere.Orders to mobilize all available resources to fight the influenza plaguehave been received by Mrs. P. B.Kerriker, of Lexington, Director ofthe Nurses' Drive, from Clara D.Noyes, Director of the Field Nursing Service Bureau.Mrs. Kerriker has written to Mrs.Panniebelle Sutherland, of this city,asking that all persons who will offertheir services, to be sent East orelsewhere in the districts of the epidemic, to please notify her immdediately at her residence, No. 335tTransylvania Park, Lexington, or callier over Home phone 574-X Lexington exchange, 'ine copnmunicauonstated that all nurses not enrolledattendants, volunteer nurses, practical nurses, even those who have hadthe course in elementary hygiene andhome care of the sick, can be utilizedif agreeable to the authorities, underdirection. ife TS PsiSEAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDSALES.Mrs. "W. F. Chappell has sold herhome at the corner of Main andNineteenth streets, in this city, toDr. and Mrs. Wm. Kenney. The pricepaid was not given out for publication. The purchasers will be givenpossession of the property about Oct.15. Dr. Kenney will have the homeextensively remodeled before occupying it.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldat public auction Saturday the JohnW. Allison farm, containing 110-acres, located near Centerville, to G.A. Leach, for $186 per. acre.Through the real estate firm ofHarris; & Speakes, of Paris, the Bestproperty in Millersburg was sold Sat-Miss Frences Clay has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mildred Lisle, inWinchester.- Mr. and Mrs. John Koontz areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Will Rion, inCincinnati.Mrs. Owen L. Davis is visitingher mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser havereturned from a visit to Mrs. NealRyan, in Covington.Mr. Henry L. Nippert, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is a guest of hisbrother, Mr. Phil Nippert.Mr. We Howard, Sr., has returned to his home in Richmond, after a visit to Paris relatives.Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Winters,guests of Paris friends, returned totheir home in Richmond, Tuesday.Mrs. George L. Stevens and Mrs.Wm. Rion have returned to Covington, after a visit to friends m thiscity.Miss Oma Gambill, of Pensacola,Florida, is a guest at the home of JMr.and Mrs. Mary Gambill, on Sixteenthstreet.Mr. Robt. Kern has returned tohis home in St. Louis, Mo., after avisit to relatives in Paris and in thecounty.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Minor andson, George, guests of Mr. and Mrs.F. E. Faulkner, have returned totheir home in Cannel City.Mrs. Henry A. Power has returned f ropn Shejbyville, where shevisited her daughter, Miss SaraPower, at Science Hill Academy.Miss Gertrude Lusk has returnedto her home in Louisville, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert Lusk, on Soner avenue.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Lause, guestof Mr. and Mrs. Barney Brannon, arevisiting relatives in Ohio before returning to their home in Las Vegas,New Mexico.Mrs. B. J. Robinson, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is a guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Redmon, nearParis. Mrs. Robinson was formerlyMiss Bessie Redjmon.Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Thomas, Hon.Claude M. Thomas and children, MissChristine Thomas and Mr. EdwinThomas, Jr., have moved to the Wilmoth property on Houston avenue.Mr. J. D. Hedrick, local representative of the Columbia Gas & OilCo., of Louisville, was a business visitor at the company's offices in Lou-Hichmond this week are Rev. andMrs. W. E. Ellis, Mr. A. L. Boatright,Mrs. J. A. Bower, Mrs. D. G. Taylor,Mrs. J. 0 Marshall, Mrs. HarryMatheis, Mrs. Thos. Allen, Chas. P.Cook, W. 0. Hinton and D. Y. L. Farley. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, Superintendent of the Paris schools, has rented the Baptist parsonage, on Sixthstreet, recently vacated by Rev.'R. C.Goldsmith and family, and has movedin. Rev. Goldsmith, who was recently elected physical director of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., and family, have taken rooms in the Y. M. C.A. building.Miss Kate Alexander has returned from Louisville, where she was aguest of Dr. and Mrs. David Morton.During her stay Miss Alexander wasone of 'the guests at a tea given byMrs. William Marshall Bullitt, inhonor of Mrs. Ruth S. Farnum. Mrs.Farnum spoke in Louisville in the interest of the Fourth Liberty Loan.She has served in the Serbian army,and hesides being given the rank ofSergeant was decorated by the Serbian king with the Order of Kossova,which is only conferred for personalservice to the wounded on battlefields. (Other Personals on Page 5.)pS f5& Fo iEOR BILIOUSNESS TAKE ACALOTABThe New Calomel Tablet ThatEntirely Purified of t All Nauseating and DangerousQualities.IsATTENTION!Sick Women.To do your duty during these fayingtunes your health should be your firstconsideration. These two womentell how they found health.Hellam, Pa. "I took Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetabCompound for female troubles and adisplacement. I felt all-run down and was yery weak.I had been treated by a physician without results,so decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compounda trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping housesinge laspril and doing all my housework, where beforeiiwas unable, to do any work. ' Lydia 03. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is certainly thebeat; medicine a woman cantake when in this condition. I give you permission to publishthis letter ." Mrs. E. R. Cbtjmling, R. No. 1, jHellam, Pa.Lowell, Mich." I suffered from cramps and draggingdown pains, was irregular and had female weakness anddisplacement. I began to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which gave me relief at once and restoredmy health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham'sremedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a similar way." Mrs. Elise HErM,R.No. 6, Box SSjLowelljMich.Why Not Try333aUJl1iOf all pnedicines in the world, thedoctors prize calomel most highly, forit is the best and only sure remedyfor the most common ailments. Nowthat all of its unpleasant and dangerous qualities have been removed, thenew kind of calomel, called "Calotabs," is thoropghly delightful. OneCalotab at bedtime, with a swallowof water that's all. No nausea, nogriping nor unpleasantness. Nextmorning you wake up feeling finelive, wide awake, energetic and witha hearty appetite for breakfast. Eatwhat you please, go where you pleaseno restrictions as to habit or diet.Calotabs are sold only in original,sealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recomjmendsand guarantees Calotabs. Moneyback if you are not delighted.(adv.)KENTUCKY'S SHARE $53,701 FORVOCATIONAL EDUCATION.LYDIA . PINKHVEGETABLELYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.The State of Kentucky has beenisville. several days this week.Mrs. Lunceford Talbott and Mrs.Thos. Helm Clay left yesterday ior- an0tted $53,701 for vocational educaCovington, to visit Mr. and Mrs. R. M. tion uer the Smith-Hughes act.Hopkins. Mrs. Clay has been a guest Wiest Virginia has been allottedof Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins for several ( $29,417.days. The apportionment of the FederalMrs. Oliver Hazlerigg's guests, fund f0n0ws:Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Thompson and Agriculture, for salaries of teachdauehter. Miss Jean Thompson, of prR snnervisnrs and directors. Ken-urday to Mr. David Cassidy for S3.- ICovingon, and Mrs Wm. ss tucky $26,230, West Virginia ?15,-635. Mr. Cassidy was offered a nice'iurs. m i"6lm UJ- y iussi; iraae, uome euuuumiw mu iu-eclined returned io meif uumeo. laustnai, JventucKy y,5ou, west vir-GALLANT CONFEDERATE OFFICER DEAD IN LEXINGTONprofit on his purchase, but declinedto sell.LEXINGTON, KY., Oct. 3. Full ofyears and honor, Colonel Richard C.Morgan, prominent citizen, gallantConfederate soldier and last remaining brother of General John HuntMorgan, noted Confederate cavalryleader, as well as last surviving member of that chivalrous chieftain's staff,passed peacefully away at his home,408 West Third street, in Lexington,Saturday night at 9:30 o'clock in hiseighty-second year.Death was due to uremic poisoningandwas not unexpected by his physician,' members of his family andfriends, who realized several daysago that the end was near.Just two weeks ago, on Sept. 13,Colonel Morgan celebrated his eightysecond birthday, and although infrail health, he was able to see a fewof. his friends and neighbors, whocalled at his home to offer felicitations.After his strength seemed grad-1Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4RESIGNATIONS AND PROMOTIONSMr. James Eye has resigned his-position with January & Connell, Iwhere he has been for twenty years.He will engage in some kind of warTvork,"Mr. John Brannon, parcel post delivery clery at the Paris postoffice,lias resigned that position. Postmaster Payne has recommended as"his successor Mr. Elmer McCord,who is on the eligible list for promotion.Mr. Fisher Jenkins, who nas , $5,000: teacher training. Ken-been a patient at the Massie Memo- tucky $17,491, West Virginia $3,-lually to fail, and several days beforerial Hospital, in tnis city, since ."e,327accident of some weeks ago, in whichhe was seriously injured, has been removed to his home in Cynthiana.Among those who attended thefuneral and burial of Mr. Gano Ammerman at Cynthiana, were the following: from Paris: Mrs. RobertGoggin, Mrs. Nettie Lail, Mrs. S. M.Wilmoth, Rev. and Mrs. W. B. Ellis, ingMrs. Alex Baird ana Airs. iaa uesua.Among the Paris people attending: the annual convention of theChristian churches of the State at additional.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.In the revenue assignments for the(month of October, as announced yesterday from the office of the Collectorof Internal Revenue at Lexington,Rourbo-n county is given the follow-No. 77. Julius Kessler & Company, Paris: J. A. Logan, store-keeper-gauger in charge; H. B. Clay,rSleep SweetlyCoffee, -tea and some other drinkswhen -taken ai the evening meal tendto keep some people awake.One cf "the merrfcs o-fthe final summons came he lapsed intoa semi-conscious condition and passedinto that dreamless sleep that knowsno waking.Colonel Morgan is survived by hiswdow, Mrs. Alice B. Morgan, andseveral nephews and nieces.He was one of five brothers whowere prominent in the community intheir day and who helped to make history. They were General John HuntMorgan, Calvin Morgan, CharltonMorgan, Alexander Morgan and thedeceased,' who was the last of thefamous family.1IVaIKI::IxivaIIVIIIThe Bourbon Laundry fParis, Kentucky 'West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.? mNOTES OF THE OIL FIELDS.POSTUMis -that it never affects nerves or heart.Infact one can drink as muchPostumas he pleases just before bedtime and no ill results follow, forPossum is pure and absolutelyfree from caffeine or any otherharmful drug or substance.Postum comes in two forms;Postum CereaLwhich must be boiled,arid Instant Postum, made in the cupin a moment. They are equally deliciousand the cost per cup is about the same.i"There's a Reason998i'The" Station Camp Oil Co., inwhich local men are interested,brought in their Well No. 7, on theCallahan lease in Lee county onJVednesday. The well has 4iot been tested, and its capacity was not givenout yesterday. Drilling is proceedingon the Bingham lease. Work willbegin in about three weeks on theP. G. Cox lease. , All these holdingsare in the same territory, on RossCreek.Paris will in the future, be headquarters for Mr. S. V. Brenls, formerly prominent newspaper man ofFrankfort and Middlesboro. Mr.Brents has taken a position as publicity man for the Bourbon Oil & Development Co., of Paiis, and whennot engaged in field work for thecompany, will be in Paris Mr. C.L. Bell, manager of the company, isalso . newspaper man, having beenin the business at Albany, Ky.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo. are doing some new developmentwork. The company has closed acontract with B. P. Wilson, ofHuntington, .W. Va., to drill fourwells on their holdings on StationCamp Creek, near the Estill-Jacksoncounty line.Mr. Wyatt Thompson, of Paris, representing the Coliunbia Oil & GasCo., escorted a party of stockholders on an inspection tour in Leecounty this week. Several of theparty were women. Through a misunderstanding conveyances intendedfor the party were sent to anotherplace. The women were game, however, securing horses, made the tripover the territory in good shape.They were well pleased with prospects and delighted with what wasto them a novel outing a la horseback.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2in what various oil experts pronouncethe richest oil territory discovered inrecent years. In this section thecompany has completed one well in.the Berea sand at a depth of 1,000feet in which, the oil is said to hestanding within 200 feet of the top.brighter;EVENINGSDoYou NeedGlasses?BOURBON OIL & DEVELOPMENTCO. DEHUNG NEW WELLS.The' bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany, of Paris', has .closed a "contract with. B. P. Wilson, Huntington,W. Va., for the drilling of four newoil wells on Station Camp Creek, inEstill and Jackson counties, in theneighborhood of the Millie Freemanfarm, where some of the most promising development in Kentucky is taking place. This is a Southwesterlyextension of the great Ross Creekoil fields and is attracting wide attention amoung oil men.1 The Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCompany is driUing a new well inthe famous oil and gas belt of John-counti,andcs.otitriiilflmsevraEtithetewk&ji!Mrftwaitebeen contracted for in Elliott county JNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.Ilse0ectricituLet us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendjglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I have iheadaches, nervous spells, drawn, T., .- , ,. - ,tired eyes? .Does type sometimes it 8 tne only Satisfactory TOV.blur? Do I see spots before my eyes?" 4Answer fairly and squarely, for your j 7own good, for over-strain repeatedly; C5day bv day will break down 'the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyes ''CAfttUfcArftoyt - ft a !and irreparable injury may. result. jO )tallliy JHU 0vKIMUU1 CtVXO Ul CACIICUV-C 1UOU1CO ttf Ifor CfeMiKgse erascurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklinuift5.lr(llJjfcQiUdt2Both Phones, Farii, Ky.It? s the only sensible plan., : Eaftba-Eix Y UpFar the Use of BethElectricity imI Gm.1 fQ(Iaoonoriiii)-Nl"ai3V',(CT VHT. . v ,-r,1,? , -THB)URBOS?NEWS,"FABISf KY;FRIDAY .QCTOBBR, 'C .1918:.- ? jxTTHE ALAMOPARIS GRANDU ---.KAlVtftv n.- v,fiv 1'-":." (J 'j1 ' Tmh - iHik' - AR .MF .flssW sMsW HLHI ' - .H1 bbbbbbbbH"V m BBBBBBBBBbV BBSBSBSBSABSBSBSBSr . BBSBSBSBbV BBSBSBSBM bsbsbsbsV v BBSBSBSBSBSBSBsVh bbbbbbI bbbbB bbbbI bbbbbI bbbbbblbbbbbh bbbbB bbbbbm bbbbv bbbbK bbbbbI bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb '' i ' - 'a i :; ' i f i i-'ir :-" '."- imIwfIIIt "DW GRIFFITHPRESENTSH B H BAn Artcraft Picture, with practically the same cast as "The Birth of a Nation" and "Hearts of theWorld," including Lillian Gish, George Fawcett, Robert Harron, George Siegman, Henry Walthall, MaxfieldStanley, Rosemary Theby, Gloria Hope and others.A Story of the Regeneration of Women Ry WarThey are fightins the War the man who shoulders the gun and the woman who is transfigured by the Great Lovethe love that places; country above all else.Adults 35c; Children 25c. Alamo at 1 0 A. Ml.Tliee Prices Include the War Tax. '-rt-'-MILLERSBURGafter which he will take up sopae lineof war work. Mr. Bndicoft is one ofour most prominent citizens and popular salesmen. For some time he hasfelt that he was needed in the service of his country. The. only thingRer. and Mrs. J. W. Gardner areltnat causea mm 10 nesitaie irom en-Tifiitins relatives at Somerset. terms. active service is nis pnysicaiMrs. Ellen M. Allen, of Mays- condition. He was accompanied byTille, is a guest at the home of Mrs. his wife- . .,.,.,Frankie Cook. ' servlce flaS, with twelve stars,Mr. M. E. Pruitt and family maae 0 iUlss ona e -."." "f """ were' giieste of Mr. and Mrs. Bedell unfurled at the Christian church.n.ocinr of ofgf f,y, coH.rv The flag was presented to the churchby Miss Hazel Kerr in the name of the:niionslnr. n.t Stanford from Satnrdav e nag was, preenteuMrs RavmnTid ATiiiPr nf Pnfthlo. young ladies of Class No. 5. Appro-pTnmHn arHvPii Tupsriav as tiift priate exercises attended the unfurlguest of her brother, Dr. W. M. Mil- B of the. flag. The following is theler and family nonor ro11 represented by the twelve-Iouis and Thompson Vimont.,8: heTl Endicott. France;Reese Ingels and Vimont Layson have Jolm Letton, France; Russell Cald-eaiered. the University of Kentucky well, England; Allen Mason, France;for the. course in military training. .Wallace Bowles, France; PughHr. and Mrs. T. W. Current re- Bowles, Richard Huffman, Paulturned from Camp Gordon, Atlanta, ; Smith, Jouett Smith, Jesse Bur-Ga. They left their son, Mr. H. C. roughs, H. C. Current Will Baldwin,Current, able to be out, and at his in aiW camps m this country.duUes- ' FoT he past weet there hasMrs. W. G. Dailey. who has been $,ee on ,diJPla7 the window of theuader treatment at the Good Samar- Farmers' Bank two old locks whichiti Hospital, in. Cincinnati for the are indeed rare speciments of the Umeheld at the family residence in that ''.o'clock. Services were conducted byRev. J. W. Porter. Her sons acted aspall-bearers. The remains were interred in the Lexington Cemetery. ,.Mrs. Bosworth was the widow ofthe late Benjamin Bosworth, whowas one of the prominent farmers ofFayette county. She is survived bysix sons, one of whom, Mr. PowellBosworth, resides near Paris,, and bytwo daughters.ss tta pa iMATRIMONIAL.past three weeks, will return to-daysomewhat improved.-Miss Mattie. Mclntyre has re-and have created considerable interest on the part of those who have hadthe good fortune to see them. Theyc turned from Randolf-Macon College,- are the property of Mr. J. B. Vimont,Ttrgfnia, where she went a few days ,ai"i we,re tt the doors of the firstago with her niece, Miss Caroline j ua-u .,.."" 16' " ," "" OTMclntyre, who will become a studentsit .the college.-r-The members of the local RedCross Chapter will collect discardedclothing to-day for the Belgians.Country people are asked to leaveti'elr contributions at the the home ofMJ75. T. H. Thompson.-Manual Baker, aged eighty years,and Lizzie Lewis, aged seventy-three,both, highly respected colored people,and among the old families of Millersbufg", died Saturday and were interred in the Millersburg colored cemetcpr Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Conway leftfor their home at Atlanta, Ga., Wednesday, after a several weeks' visittxr Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington.Tbjey were accompanied home bytkeir mother, Mrs. Adella Miller, whoJus been in he Corrington home allsummer. It will be remembered thatMrc Miller sustained a slight" fracture of her hip some weeks ago,from which she has partially recovered. - Mr. C. C. Clarke has resigned hisIXKltion at clerk at the postoffice, retiring Tuesday. Mr. Clarke has beeniB.;tae office for the past three years.He has given thorough satisfaction,courteous and kind, and always attentive to those whom he served. Hisfriends regret his retiring. He issucceeded by Miss Hattie Wood, andaifcce the public has to give" Mr.Clarke up it is with pleasure that wevWtlcome Miss Wood into this posl-t$a. We know that she will givesdliifaction.Mr. Roy Endicott, who recentlyTeeigaed his position as. salesman atthe dry goods store of Mr. C. W. Cor-will rtiuOafor fiic 4xt,tablished in 1816, with Mr. RobertMiller, the founder, of Millersburg,as President, and Mr. John S. Vimontas cashier. The locks were somewhatold at that time, as they were broughtto Millersburg by Louis Vimont I,from France in 1780 or 1782. Thefirst bank building was in a smallroom in the North end of the home ofthe present Miss Lizzie Vipnont, andis now used by her fora coal house.These locks have been in the Vimontfamily since their arrival fromFrance. The Vimonts are of Frenchorigin, and the ancestors of thosenow residing here came directly fromFrance. They still have an undyinglove for their mother country. Mr.Vimont, the present owner of thelocks, will take great pleasure ingiving any one who cares to know ita history of them.It lei IISHMAEL- NOAKES.Mr. Ezra Noakes, of Harrisoncounty, and Miss Mattie Ishmael, ofthis county, secured marriage licenseyesterday afterndon fropi CountyClerk Pearce Paton. They were married shortly after by Judge GeorgeBatterton, in his private office in. thecourt house..DEATHS.McNEW LOWE.Miss Anita McNew, of Carlisle,and Mr. James Yates Lowe, of CampZachary Taylor, - were married inCincinnati recently. The bride is adaughter of Judge and Mrs. N". H.McNew, of Carlisle, and was a pupilat the Bourbon College, in this city,several terms. The groom, before hisinduction into arpny service was withthe Brent Seed Co., in Lexington.GOODWIN.The body of Mr. P. M. Goodwin,who died in Owingsville, Wednesdayevening, after a brief illness, will bebrought o Paris this morning for interment. Mr. Goodwin was seventysix years old and a widely-known citizen. He was the father of Mrs.Luther Redmon, of Mt. Sterling. Mr.Goodwin formerly resided in Bourboncounty.BOSWORTH.The funeral of Mrs. Mary Bosworth, aged seventy-eight, who diedat ;lrriw,v im.firrtMftom, SuBday,FISHBACK STERN.MTss Eugenia Brown FIshback,daughter of Mrs. Ada Fishback, andsister of Mrs. Clyde Huffman, of thiscity, and First Lieut. Milton J. Stern,son of Mr. and Mrs. A. Stern, of thiscity, were married at the residenceof the officiating minister, the Rev. I.J. Spencer, in Lexington, at threeo'clock Wednesday afternoon. Lieut,and Mrs. Stern came to Paris on the8:15 car from Lexington, for a visitto their parents and other relativesand friends.Lieut. Stern is stationed at CampWadsworth, near Spartansburg, S. C,as a member of the Medical Corps onspecial duty in the army base Hospital at that point. He is at homeon a furlough of seven days, at theconclusion of which he will return tohis duties.They left yesterday for a bridaltrip, after which .they will return toCamp Wadsworth.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. J.R. Clough,of Scott avenue, a son christenedPershing Wilson Clough. Theirfourth child, all boys.11 M M r-eThese are days when a womandoesn't dare quarrel with lier owhufcband for f er, the servant girJLjtfliAit iftet m irotrtcte Warn, wftiltfjtet tq the xfttktt to uUr . 'lvJ AWow is the Time!Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes NowShoe cost has greatlyadvanced and soon youwill have to pay muchhigher prices. Our pricesare only so low owing toour system of merchandising buying for cash inunlimited quantities, storing these in our enormouswarehouse and offeringthem to you at but aslight advance on cost to us. We advise strongly tobuy now while these shoes last.TOMORROW (SATURDAY)we offer the largest and most complete selection of beautiful Fall Shoes at pricesthat can't be duplicated; prices less than they can be made for to-day.Don't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now IIf 7limTlbfr-G: 3-twLadies7 Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tops, atLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,best makes, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Gun Metal English Bootsmilitary heel, atLadies' Gun Metal, button,low heel, at$5.00$5.50$3.95$3.49$2.49Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Dark Tan Eng. Walk-Over i- CAand other famous makes, special. . .pOOUMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over,EnglishMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wearing Shoes, heavy flexible soles. . . .Boys' Tan Home Guard Shoesat$4.50$3.49$4.00$3.49BOYS' AND GIRLS9SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDAN COHENi Where Beauty and Economy ReifnParis9 Greatest Shoe StoreAI