ifTHENEWS;..V vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 18, 191$HBOURBON'Here Is The Full Textof "Work-or-Fight" LawOn next Thursday, June 20, the recently-enacted vagrancy law willgo into effect, whereby every able-bodied male in the city must go towork in some productive labor that will be helpful to the Governmentor the community. vIt is the intention of the local authorities to strictly enforce thelaw,, which, in its scope, knows no distinction or discrimination of color,race or class. Every one must go to work to help out the labor situation.The local authorities will have the aid of the local Council of NationalDefense. Every able-bodied' men in the city not actually engaged insome useful or productive work will be required to show why, and unlessphysically disqualified, will have to get employment of some kind.The full text of the law, which will become effective Thursday, isgiven below. Read it carefully, and if x you are idle, heed, and takewarning:"Section 2. Prom the time this . act becomes effective, and thenceforward until six months after the termination of the present war betweenthe United States of America and the Imperial German Government, allable-bodied male residents of this State between the ages of 16 and 60,execept bona-fide students during school term, who shall refuse to regularly engage for at least 36 hours per week in some lawful or recognized business, profession, occupation or employment, whereby he may contribute to the support of himself and those legally dependent upon him,shall be held to be a vagrant within the meaning and effect of "this act,and shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. Upon conviction the defendant shallbe fined not iess than $20 or more than $100 for each offense. As a partof such punishment such offender shall be sentenced by the trial court towork not exceeding 60 days upon the public roads or streets, or uponsome public werk being done in this county in which persons shall beconvicted, or by any municipality therein. One-half the fair value of anysuch labor so performed under such sentence shall be paid by such county or municipality receiving the same towards the support of any personlegally dependent upon each, but if there are no such legal dependents,then no payment shall be made on acount of any labor performed undersuch judgment. Any labor so required by a judgment or conviction hereunder shall be rendered in all respects as now provided by law in thecase of prisoners in jail. Prosecutions hereunder shall be institutedand conducted as other criminal prosecutions, and in no case shall thepossession by the accused pf money, property or income sufficient to support himself and those dependent upon him be a defense to any prosecution under this act. Li no case shall the claim by the accused of inabilityto obtain work or emploment be a defense to a prosecution hereunder."Section 3. All county judges, justices of peace, mayors and policejudges within the States are hereby given jurisdiction to try and punishall offenders under this act, or such prosecutions may be by indictment.Each week or portion thereof that such resident shall continue a vagranthereunder shall constitute a separate offense and no appeal shall be allowed from any judgment or conviction'for vagrancy unless the accused shallgive bond, with penalty and security fixed and approved by the courtgranting the appeal, continued not to violate this act during the pendencyof such appeal. Any judgment for the performance of labor hereunder maybe suspended by the court pronouncing the same, upon the execution bythe person convicted, of a bond, with the penalty and security approved bythe court, conditioned to comply with provisions of this act for one yearfrom the date of such bond. A violation of the condition of such last mentioned bond shall entitle the State to recover the amount of the penaltythereof, and in addition thereto the convicted person shall be rearrestedand required to serve the sentence formerly pronounced against him."Section 4. For the purpose of this act any male person found inthis State shall be deemed a resident, and in any prosecution hereunderproof that the accused habitually loiters in idleness in streets, roads,depots, poolrooms, hotels, stores or other public places, or that he ishabitually intoxicated, or addicted to the use of narcotic drugs, or is aprofessional gambler, or being able-bodied is supported, in whole or inpart, by the labor of any woman or child, shall be prima-facia evidenceof vagrancy."Section 5. It shall be the duty of sheriffs, constables, mayors, marshals, chiefs of police, policeman and all other police officers to arrestany person within the territorial limits of their jurisdiction whom theybelieve to be violating the provisions of this act."TWENTY-SEVEN WHITE DRAFTEES LEAVE JUNE 28.Having completed the work of notifying twenty-seven young white menof Bourbon county, of the call to colors, the Bourbon County Board ofExemption is taking a short vacation,pending the next call, which willsome soon.These twenty-seven young menwhose names appear in the list below, have been, notified to report atthe Bourbon county court house onthe afternoon of "Thursday, June 27,at five o'clock, when they will receive their final instructions. Theywill assemble at the court house atseven o'clock on Friday morning,June 28, and march to the L. & N.depot, where they will entrain forflnmn Znc.harv Tavlor.All the selects, both white and colored, will be the recipients of tobacco, cigarettes and other articles, andwill be guests of the city and countyat banquets on the evening precedingtheir -departure.The white draftees who will leaveParis on June 28 are:1106 ( 467) Leslie B.Fitzpatrick.1113 ( 915) Simpson D. Ramey.1114 (1396) Joe Hill.1117 (1196) Edgar King Lovell.1121 (1335) Willis Keith.1122 (1325) Rolla Helthenstme.1128 (1207) Will Rborer.1138 ( 190) Ernest Watson.1143 (1243) Robert ThompsonEvans.1179 ( 787) Homer J.Hornback.1189 ( 380) Wallace Hibler.1194 (1125) R. Mitchell Brown.,1199 (1384 Herman Eaiilconer.1204 (1238) Harry HubbelChinn, Jr.1212 (' 24) CarPSchrote.1214 ( 779) Jake Earlywine.1215 ( 558) Walter Johnson.1217 (1307) Robert Montgomery Adair.1216 (1239) Robert Albert Collins. 1230 (1249) Robert EverettFryman.1260 (1541) Clyde J. Calvert.1269 ( 952) W. H. Dearing.1272 ( 849) Allen "Curtis.1282 (1542) Charles FrankWhite.1284 ( 166) Bernard J. Santen.1289 ( 759) Edgar Ward.1299 ( 575 Glarence Regers.1304 ( 266) George Fisher Collins.-1317 197) George HughBlythe.John William Bro-phy.William JeromeBurns.Roger Bivins.Stanley JonesYoung.Justice Lee Guthrie.Samuel McClain.John Meeks.George Carter.Russell Clay Day.Edward John Wood.James Henry Wells.McClure Crouch:13441346(828)937)(13501351(706)( 729)(1412)(1371)( 774)( 439)( 820)(' 688)136113661367136813691334NEW MARRIAGES WILL NOT BEDRAFT EXEMPTION GROUNDS.Marriage since the enactment ofi the selective draft law no longer willbe accepted as cause for exemptionfrom military service, except in thecases of men who have become of agesince June 5, 1917, who may be exempted if they married before January 15, 1918, the date on which thejoint resolution requiring their registration was introduced in Congress.Drastic amendments to the draftregulations were announced by Proivost Marshal General Crowder, under which local boards are requiredj to reclassify all cases involving such! marriages. Dependency claims on account of children of such marriageswill be allowed where children are"born or unborn before June 9,1918.7E3 ssEXTENSION OF AGE LIMITDRAFT .NECESSARY.INThree million Americans will be(-under arms by next August 1, theSenate military committee was toldby Provost Marshal General Crowder..Extension of the age limit in thearmy draft will be necessary. GerenalCrowder said, if the present rate ofdraft calls is continued. He estimatedthat all the men in Class 1 wouldbe exhausted soon after Jan. 1.General Crowder said that 1,347,000 of the 2,428,000 men placed inClass 1 already have been called tothe colors. He estimated that some400,000 additional men. for the firstclass will be secured from the menwho registered last June 5 and thatmother 200.000 will be added by thereclassification of men in there-examinationof the questionnaires nowbeing jmade. ,-.-; ...1322 ( 767)1331 (1229)BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTThe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday morning with Judge Robert L. Stout presiding, and Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley at his post. Several visiting attorneys from surrounding cities were present.The Grand Jury, composed of thefollowing, was inipaneled and swornin: O. L. Davis, (foreman), John T.Hedges, Hugh Brent, W. R. Blakemore, Oscar Johnson, Clifton Blackerby, Edsell Clarke, Kelly Haley, J.T. HHL Dee Hume, Thos. Weathers,Woodford Spears.In nis charge to the Grand Jury,Judge Stout laid particular stress onthe matter of investigating all reports of violations of espionage and"sedition acts, and that the membersof the jury shauld take especial careto give thoughtful and earnest attention to all such cases reported tothem. He also warned them that thevagrancy act, which becomes effective on next Thursday and the antishipping act, which becomes effectiveon the same day, should be givencareful attention; that if they werein session on that day, and Qn eachsucceeding day thereafter they shouldmake it their solemn duty to thoroughly investigate and pass upon allsuch cases reported to thepn. Hebegan by stating that it was unfortunate that a term of the Courtshould have to be held at this particular time, when the farmers wereall busy, and working under thehandicap of a shortage of labor. Hefollowed with the statement that noviolations of the laws had been reported to him, and that as a consequence, he thought the Grand Jurywould have very little to do at thisterm. He instructed them to takeup for consideration the cases ofthose prisoners who had been confined in the county jail under bond anddispose of them first. He gave theusual charge to the jury regardingthe investigation of cases of carryingconcealed deadly weapons, violationsof the State game and fish laws,which he especially urged, in view ofthe conservation of food movement,in which fish and game would playa prominent part for the people ofthis as well as other counties. Hepaid a compliment to the county officials, stating that they had alwaysdone their duty, and that he knewthey would do it again.He stated in conclusion that' anumber of complaints had come tohim from citizens of Paris regardingcertain alleged disorderly houses sit- juated in a certain locality on Pleaseant street, ana mat ne wanted them ito summon witnesses, take the testimony and consider the cases. Withthis final admonition he instructedthe jury to retire to their room andbegin their labors.Under the motion calling for reports of officials who had publicmonies in their hands, County JudgeGeorge Batterton reported $226.50,WE KNOW HOW& &BaT!!aHiBEBaHBfliBaBaKeep Cool These Hot DaysWith Comfortable, Light Weight Clothesj Palm Beach Coat andMohair Oloths clothes that are tailored and made withoutlining, that fit and hold their shape regardless of the lightweight -fabrics from which they are made. Solid greys,fancy greens, tans and Wues. .$1 2.50 to $25.00S Light Summer Underwear L JLwhite nainsook, light weight lisle and linen union suitsfrom $1.50 to$5,00Straw Hats, Panamas and Leghorns, Silk Shirts and LowCut Oxford Shoes. Everything you ntsd in SummerClothes you will find at our store.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREjNOW, HERE'S A CHANCE TO GET"TWO BIRDS."Only the small' sum of twenty-fivecents may be the means of some luckyindividual getting a real song-birdto keep in his or her home, and havemusic all the time (when the orchestra is performing.Two fine singing canaries, "General Pershing" and "Jack Pershing,"have been donated to the Red Crossby a well-wisher in the caus. Theseare to be raffled off, each chance inthe game being sold at the modestsum of twenty-five cents. Yesterdaya bevy of handsome young womenbuttonholed everybody with thequery: "Don't you want to take- achance on the Red Cross canaries?"There was a generous response: Thecanaries have been on exhibition atthe store of Frank & Co. A youngbird will be presented to the younglady bringing in the most chances.and Justice E. P. Thoniasson $46.00.The morning session was taken upin organizing the business of theCourt and in hearing motions.The docket to be tried at this termof Court is a large one, comprising24 equity appearances; 14 old ordinary aDDearances: 246 old eauitv appearances; 59 old ordinary appear- jances, and 47 Commonwealth cases.There are three murder cases to betried at this term of the Court. Themost important of these is the casenf the PntrimnnwoaHVi va flonar TrkVi-n.son, under indictment for shootingand vniins- William T?irp in thiand killing William Rice, in this,city several months ago. Both sideshave been getting in readiness andthe case is almost certain to be heardat this terni. Johnson is in jail,having been held over without bond.The counsel for the Commonwealthwill be Victor Bradley, Commonwealth's Attorney; Judge L. W.Bethurum, John J. WilliamsandCounty Attorney D. D. Cline. Tnedefense will be represented by OscarT. Hinton, of Paris, and Judge Edwin T. Morrow, of Somerset.The second case is that of JohnHenry Harp, for the killing of Oscar Willoughby at an ice cream supper near Centerville, some time agoWilloughby was shot in the neck, anddied some days after in the Massie have been assigned to the trainingMemorial Hospital, in this city. The school at Rose Polytechnic School, atthird is that of Henry Hawkins, col- j Terre Haute, where they will, reored, who is charged with the killing-, ceive special mechanical training foror a negress named aaran j-.eer, inClaysville, a colored suburb of thiscitv. last winter. This will be tnesecond trial of the case. The firsttrial resulting in a "hung" jury,standing six to six.S!MffiM2probably be heard at this term of theCourt are the contested will case ofMrs. Georgia Anderson, of Huntington, W. Va., against the heirs of thelate Mr. W. H. Anderson, ot Paris,ormer superintendent oi Jjr 'Arnsparger, of this city,ion of the Louisville & Nashville,railroad, and , the City of Parisagainst the Paris Gas & Electric Co. Rev. E. E. Jackson, pastor of theHutchison Chapel, the Methodist- M" M 3 TS church at Hutchison, this county, ap-! peared before the naval recruiting, -, . ii.. j- :llll 'Kllll ,llll :v ITrousers asheJ dv.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIR.' C0UNTEY.Mrs. B. M. Renick, of Paris, hasreturned from a visit to her son, Mr.Coleman Renick, who is stationed atCamp Shelby, near Hattiesburg,Miss.Sergt. Harry Barlow has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor, afterspending several days here as a guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Barlow, on Tenth street.Relatives in this city have received post cards from Brooks Woodford,who was a member of the Bourboncounty contingent at Camp Taylor,stating that he had landed safely inFrance.Frank Higgins and Richard English were here from Camp ZacharyTaylor, Sunday and Monday. Theyreport the Paris boys as being ingood health and enjoying their stayin camp. Homer Nutter, colored,also spent a few days furlough here.Dr. E. C. Wood, of Hutchison, hasreceived orders to report July 1 atCanip Greenleaf, Ft. Oglethrope, Ga.,for service. The order came from theWar Department at Washington.I ": Yuuu v""J "" 1Ui veterinary branch of the Army Med-ical Reserve Corps.Mr. Harmon Turner, of Paris, whowas recently accepted for service andsent to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, is a guest of his mother,Mrs. Ed. P. Turner. He is in theaviation service, receiving special in-structions. Mr. Turner was calledhere by the death of his father, Mr.Edward Payne Turner.Blair Varden, of Paris, Jesse Burroughs, of Millersburg, and Geo. M.Parham, of Danville, left 'Paris at!5:30 Saturday morning for TerreHaute, Ind. The young men recently. volunteered for special service. They. army service.Mr. Lucien Arnsparger, formerlyof Paris, who has been in the serviceas a member of the Ambulance Corpsat flam-Tv STiortnan near f-Viilloonfrio. who yas transferred tot-ne ar,my camp at Montgomery, Aia.,some time ago, sailed from an Atlantic port, with the AmbulanceCorps, Saturday, for France. Mr.iiiusuaiACi 10 a. ovrix ui mio. umiuuofficers at the Lexington recruitingstation Friday and applied for enlistment as a second-class seaman. Hewas accepted and will be sent to theGreat Lakes Naval Training Station,in Illinois, for training as a seaman.Rev. Jackson is a native of Scottcounty, is not in the draft age, andhas a wife and one child.McVey Howard, who has seen service in the navy, having been onboard one of the U. S. battleships inMexican waters during the MexicanAmerican trouble some years ago,has re-enlisted in the navy. Hewill report at Indianapolis, Ind., onJune 25. Elmer Doty and Wm.(Sticks) Gorey, also of Paris, willreport at Indianapolis to-day. Theyhave enlisted in the U. S. Marinesservice, and will be sent to ParisIsland, South Carolina.PnVoto T.oavitf "Rnhprtej ic of Tinmp.near North Middletown on a furlough Ifrom uamp ureen, in soutn uaroiina.Lieut. Robert Jones, who has been aguest of his parents at North Middle-jtown, has gone to Augusta, Ga.,1 where he wijl be instructor in specialarmy work. Privates Marion Thomas,! Herbert Sledd and Samuel Dick, who! have been visiting relatives in NorthMiddletown, have returned to theircompanies at Camp Zachary Taylor.Post cards have been receivedhere by friends of Ben, Leach, formerly of Paris, who is now in the navalservice on Doara one or tne Datue-ships in an Atlantic port. Leachstatea inat ne was uue iui tupoverseas in a short time, and thathe would write from across the waters. He is in the mechanical department on board his ship, as fireman.Capt. J. Esten Keller, of Lexington, a former resident of Paris, hasre.ceived a letter from Chicago, stating that his young grandson, HenryKeller, Jr., aged eighteen, now aCaptain in th Medical Reserve Corps,had. left there for service at the frontin France. This is the fifth contribution the" Keller family has made tothe service. Young Keller is a sonof Dr. D. Hal Keller, formerly of.Lexington.Mr. Edward C. Doty, of Paris, whois stationed on the Nevada, one ofthe United States' biggest and bestbattleships, is at home on a five-days'furlough. Doty is looking fine andsays he is enjoying the work in thenavy, xie recenuy seux xxuy Yto'man a fine photograph of the Nevada,which is on display in our show window. Doty says the other Parisboys, Ed Fitzpatrick and W. O. Pennington, are in fine health. TheyVPOUCE DOING GOOD WOBX WITHMOTORISTS.The Pans police are doing goodwork in suppressing noisy autoista82S5tol2!S and nolsy automobileOn Sunday they were especially vigilant, and from stations in differentparts of the city warned autoitsagainst violating Jhe ordinanceThey caught the numbers of several who were going at a higher rateof speed than prescribed by ordinance, also jmany who were wakingthe echoes by leaving their mufflersopen. These will be presented incourt as soon as they are apprehended. The law will be strictly enforcedand the police have been instructedto arrest every violator of the ordinance who can be caught, and bringthem to justice in the Police Court.The reckless and careless driving ofParis is bound to be curbed sooner orlater, and the sooner the better.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Many persons are wasting greatquantities of water in sprinklingstreets, also using" it on gardens after9 o'clock at night. This must bediscontinued. If found running after9 o'clock p. ,m. water will be shut off.PARIS WATER CO.,(18-2t) Newton Mitchells Supt.have recently been transferred temporarily, to duty in one of the navyyards on the Atlantic coast.Second Lieutenant Finnell W. Galloway, who has been stationer! atCamp Zachary Taylor, has been transferred to Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio.Mrs. Thomas Bowles, of Millersburg, received a letter from her son,Mr. P. M. Bowles, who is in the naval service, saying that he had justreturned from France, and was thenin the submarine chaser service offthe New Jersey coa3t.Sherman Snapp, formely of Paris,who is stationed at Camp LouisWashington, at Tacoma, Wash., hasbeen promoted to the office of Interview Clerk in the Department of Mustering at that Camp. Mr. Snappwrites that he was given two weeks'trial in the position, and made good,receiving his promotion at that time.Mr. Thomas Elder, of this city, received a letter from his brother,Eugene .Elder,, who is stationed inthe Officers' Training Camp at CampvShelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., in which,he stated that all the Kentucky boysthere seemed to be doing well.Young Elder said that from indications they would be there some timeyet.Douglas Clay, who is a member ofthe Barrow 'Base Hospital Unit No.40, at Camp Taylor, telephoned hismother, Mrs. Frank M. Clay, lastnight that the Unit had received orders to entrain tSis 'afternoon for'transportation to an Atlantic port.This will take a large number ofBourbon county men and severalnurses with it.Reports to the office of ProvostGeneral Crowder show that 744,865young Americans registered for military service on June 5. This is266,724 below the estimate of theCensus Bureau, but since more than200,000 unregistered twenty-one-year-oldmen are in the service, theresult has been founded very satisfactory. First Lieutenant Milton J. Stern,,of Paris, who has been on specialduty at Camp Wadsworth, near'Spartansburg, S. C, has been transferred to the Base Hospital at theCamp. Lieut. Stern writes that hecertainly appreciates the change, a3it suits him much better than thePortion he hadbeen filling.Corporal John M. Stuart writes 03follows from his new home at CampHancock, Georgia, to THE NEWS'"Service Department:" Gibson, Wollstein and myself have arrived atCamp Hancock. Sort of desert-likeplace, no grass and as hot as. theAlamo on a Saturday afternoon. Weare in the ordance department. Thereare about twenty-five thousand menhere, all tented. The nights are allright and sleeping is the best thing"we do. This is what they call a 'replacement camp," I understand. "Westay here until needed some placeelse. I hope we are needed soon.Some of the fellows have been,here for eight and ten months, andseem to have given up all hopes otgetting back to God's country. Theysay, though, the -mechanics are movedout pretty fast from this campWe are 173 miles from Augusta,Georgia. We are under quarantine,and cannot leave our company streetfor fourteen days yet Be sureand change my paper so that I willnot misa an issue, for it is like declaring a holiday when, the mailcomes in bringing THE BOURBON"NEWS.. 1 am acting corporal,but am still drawing my one dollara day The officers at Indianapolis celebrated my wedding by givinga couple of hundred of us a trip toGeorgia. Awfully nice of them. Tellall the boys they had better see Recruiting Officer Sharp at the WindsorHotel, for Uncle Sajn is bound to getthem anyway My address (alsothat of Wollstein's) i3 Second CasualCo., 1st Prov. Regt, O. T. C, CampHancock, Georgia. Owen Gibson ia iaanother company. I don'tt like thatword 'casual' very much. 'Well, guessyou will hear more from me later on.1 after we get used to this place."&'THE BOURBON NBWS, PARIS, KY.mGITWOTUESDAY, JUNE 18, 111.1UE JiOURBON NEWSIJbtaUished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationJPteblished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.OWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Amj erroneous reflection upon the4fcaracter, standing or reputation offwmj person, firm or corporation which.ay appear In the columns of-THEBOURBON4. NEWS will be tfadlyrcbretedMf brought to attention of theltor. ' 1ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perjfech. for first time; 50 cents per incheAck subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linemLfi issue; reading notices in blackttirpe, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candiates, obituaries and resolutions, andstoiilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise"iXBezits and yearly contracts.The right of publisher' is reservedtm decline any advertisement or otherr3K.tter for publication.Announcements for political offices3tost iavariably be accompanied byae cash. '--. TT5c-rnfr?Viac pnlifiterly jlrith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of thewarr EDITOEIAL MUSINGS.Paste the Kaiser.Paste the. Kaiser in the eye withIWar Savings Stamps. Paste him timeand again until he can't see his waymt. Paste him in the eye with a"Yar Savings Stamp and then pasteJiim. again and again. And hit himespecially full in the face on June 28.Don't think you have alreadykNie your duty Pershing's men-""over there" didn't go home afterSieir first battle, they went after theSuns again and again, and they willIseep on pasting the Kaiser.Your Government has officially setIFriday, June 28, as National War'..Savings Stamp Day. On that dayvery loyal American will be summoned to sign the pledge to save andinvest in a definite amount of WarSavings Stamps each month. Every!ral .Ajmerican will prove his loyaltyand patriotism by agreeing to pastethe Kaiser in the eye regularly. "WarSavings cost $4.17 in June, and will"be worth $5.00 on Jan. 1, 1923.Every family should be a family of' lighters. That is the true war-time-spirit of true-blue Americans, thespirit that will win the war. Theclay of talking patriotism has passed,-and the time has now come to prac"fice it. You thank your stars thathe war is "over there," and nottere at your doorstep. And you feelgrateful to the boys in khaki whorare keeping it and winning it "over"there." Turn your gratitude into' W-a?. Savings Stamps.7 Heal and Sham.If iany"" Paris or Bourbon countyjfelkrw wants to look a little bit like:a soldier without the trouble of act-Tially being one, he can have a beltsewed on his coat or his overcoat atsea. average cost per snappy garmentviof about one war savings certificate.' -The leaders of this mode of cam--oufl&geewear "belts about their coats,' vlutwe saw one sartorial buddy pa-vrafllnifflown Main street in this citya lew days ago who had his "vest"--or -waistcoat thus encircled. But any-ceie who puts a belt around his shirtthey'll come this summertime)-ought to have another behind his ear.A society dame from Pumpkin Hol-' low, "New York, got her picture in- .th.e aiflniring New York papers re-" xiently 'by having her Palm Beachaiding suit cut on the lines of the"Hoyal Flying Corps uniform. Ourallies have no remedy in the matter,aud anybody who cares to do so can'ig up a bow-legged baby in the dressof the Bersaglieri or the ChasseursAlpines. All it takes is a little cheapjnerve.After all, it does not matter much."Those who are helping to win the" "war will keep right on doing so,- andthose who show their zeal by flourishing bits of cloth will keep on do-' Ing that. It's the eternal differencebetween Teal and sham, and even this-war does not rouse some of them tovsee it.America.' Habhit Abba H. Silver, of Cleveland,v Ohio, a -native of Russia, recently delivered one of the most beautiful'tributes' to America we have everxead. It follows:"'God built n continent of glory and'filled it with treasures untold. Hestudded it 'with -sweet-flowing fountains and traced it with long, winding streams. He carpeted it with.soft-rolling plains and columned it-with thundering mountains. Heplanted it with deep-shadowed forests-nd filled them 'with songs.-"Then he called unlxr a thousandi , glllllMtSrSrJis!!S5L 1lj -. "I?asi.an.-sJi 5V''S?.-' them. They camefefrom? theends "oilthe earth, eackbearing a giftandia hope. The glow of adventure, wasin their eyes and in their hearts gloryof hope."And out of the bounty of theearth and the' labor of men, out ofthe longing pf hearts and the prayersof souls, out of the jmemory of agesand the hopes of the world, Godfashioned a nation in love, blessed itwith purpose sublime and called itAmerica."The Pep of the Free.The Kaiser, in a St. Louis PostDispatch cartoon, asks a Germanchemist why he cannot make someof the American pep which hasplayed such havoc in " the Germanlines recently."It cannot be done in an imperiallaboratory," replies the chemist.There is a good deal of truth inthe Post-Dispatch cartoonist's picture. The Germans are beginning tofeel the effect of the pep of a freepeople who are led, -not driven, bytheir officers, and who are fightingnot for gain, but for the preservationof the privileges of freemen.N There is nothing under the sunlike the spirit of a free people in afight for right. Had France orEngland been an autocracy such asGermany is the Kaiser would havereached Paris in the fall of 1914. Itwas the spirit of the soldiers ofFrance, the most republican republic, and of England, "a crowned democracy," which made the victory ofthe Germans impossible.m m m"WORK-OR-ITGHT" ORDER MOSTDRASTIC OF WAE.The far-reaching character of thenew "work-or-fight" regulations,under which the government proposes to put every man of draft ageinto some useful employment or intothe army, probably will not be fullyrealized by the country until the effects of its operation appear in everycommunity.The sweeping character of the Government's purpose to put every abletman of draft age either into the armyor some useful occupation is indicated by Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder's official announcement, butinasmuch as every case will come updetermination on its merits as theoperation of the regulation goes forward, it will become apparent thatthe scope of the Government's actionprobably is limitless.As an outgrowth if the plan conceived and known as "putting thenation to work," the new regulations probably will be more and moreclosely applied as the war goes on, oruntil it becomes necessary to raisethe draft age above 31. Military authorities are of the opinion now thatit will not be necessary to raise thedraft age, and that the man-powerof the nation is sufficient if those nowof draft age are fully utilized.The first effect of the new regulations will be to drive idlers to workor into the arniy . Moreover, it willbe the idler's own responsibility toget a useful job before July 1. Thenwill come the determination of whatconstitutes useful employment, andthis, it is pointed out, will come infor closer and closer determinationas the war goes on. An employmentreasonably useful under present conditions might by the developments ofthe war come to be considered uselessin comparison with the greater needsof the war.ATTENTION DOG OWNERS THENEW DOG LAW.The recent session of the 1918Kentucky Legislature enacted intolaw an act relating to dogs, requiringthem to be listed with the assessorat the time of assessing property asrequired by law, providing for licenseand tags for each and every dog tobe issued by the county clerk of thevarious counties in Kentucky, andfor failure to list each dog, as wellas for any other violation of the act,a penalty of not exceeding $100 orimprisonment of not exceeding' threemonths, or both, at the discretion ofthe court, is prescribed."The word 'owner' when appliedto the proprietorship of a dog, shallinclude every person having a rightof property in such dog, and everyperson who keeps or harbors suchdog or has it in his care, and everyperson who permits dog on or aboutony premises occupied by him."In order to achieve the results intended by the passage of this act, itwill be necessary for a rigid enforcement of this measure. Therefore itbehooves every one to list each andevery dog with the assessor.JAPANESE HOLD WAR CONFERENCE IN TOKIO.LONDON, June 17. An importantcouncil, attended by Prince Fushi,mi,Field Marshals Yamagata and Terauchi (the premier), Lieut. Gen. Oshima, the war minister, and otherswas held in the general staff office iuTokio. A joint conference of thefield marshals and admirals followed.The military correspondents of theTokio newspaper, Asahi, says that thebusiness considered by the councilwas the abolition of the brigade system for the army, adoption of acorps system similar tothe German,and the increase of the army to 25corps of two divisions each, witheach division containing three regiments. Alterations also are contemplatedin the navy, the correspondent adds.m m mWhen you buy War Savings Stamnsyou do not give your money, youloan it at 4 per cent, compoundedquarterly. You help your Government, but you help yourself evenmore.sest s.CAaARACTElfcASSm IMURhK DERER OrmE SOUL. .iThey that kill the bodyarahoti,toiue iciticu, uui nw v.w -.w wrf v.vS0U1 iS the teaching of the Bible.The worst kind of a murderer is the"character assassin." He is morecontemptible than the Hun who ramsyou with his bayonet for in going"over the top" it's either you or heand you -have an almost equal chance.But the man or woman who setsout to destroy your reputation andthis kind of a job isn't limited toeither sex uses only the weaponsand the methods which have -madethe Hun the most despised of allfighters in the world's historyweapons and methods that parallelthe Hun's use of poison gas, the submarine, the Zeppelin and his indefensible assaults on defenseless noncomabtants. The "character assassin" neverfights in the open where you caneither get at him or at least defendyourself he fights from an ambush,he uses "camouflage" to corver up hismotives, he is a consummate hypocrite, using pious phrases which deceive even the "elect" professing todo God's service.He sometimes accomplishes his purposes by complete silence whenjust a world from him would set youright with those who are discussing'you.And his silence is more contemptible than the slanderous remarks ofyour enemies who are fighting in"No Man's Land" because it is usually more cold-blooded whereas thedefinite charge of your accuser maybe due to the heat of fancied wrong,and there's just a chance for youwhen the slander is clearly stated.Another Hun weapon of the "character assassin" is the shrug of theshoulders when you are being discussed that's all.And it's quite enough used atjust the right moment.It's as fatal as the hand-grenadetimed to blow ,men to eternity in justfive seconds from the time of its release. Most hideous of all Hun weaponsused by the "character assassin" isthe smile that superior, indulgent,eye-brow lifting, lip hardening smirkthe degredation of one of God'smost wonderful gifts to men, for itwas only to men that he gave thisbeautiful expression of the soul thesmile.But used by the murderer of thesoul the "character assassin" itbecomes the weapon of the devil.p ex lasTELLS WOMEN HGHTING WILLNOT BRING PEACE.Bishop Charles E. Woodcock, ofLouisville, at the closing session ofthe Kentucky Federation of Women'sClubs, in Lexington, almost startledthe delegates when he declared that"peace brought by fighting is notlasting, and that this war will notbe ended when peace is declared, butsimply suspended for a ti,me, and willbreak out again."Bishop Woodcock said:"No peace can be lasting until wehave some such plan as an international law which can be dependedupon to prevent the larger nationsfrom taking adavantage of theirsmaller neighbors."1E3 J TSWASHINGTON TO GIVE OUTWEEKLY REVIEWS OP WARWeekly reviews of what is transpiring on the battle fields of Europewill be given the American publichereafter by the War Departmentthrough the newspaper correspondents in Washington. Secretary Baker announced that he believed it essential that the public should havebetter understanding of events at thefront and said he had asked GeneralMarch, Chief of Staff, to arrange forthe weekly review.IS isa TsYour own common sense will tellthat you cannot buy now all thethings you bought before we had awar to win. Your buying must berestricted and your savings investedin War Savings Stanips.Line up and sign up on NationalWar Savings Day.WIICKIE SAYSAlNT lT FUMKlVJ uAut .iit.i-...a cc. . e -'- 'i "rw w"r-L&K wns SORE ANiSTOPS HIS PAPER, HE fcCTSSURlPRISPH RCrA.icc ..-ww. hlu ousn OUT INTO-,-aw.o mvjo hpsno-CRAPEwi. mt uuorBE - f z Z-L."fSfS npTHE mYWOH0KCOH.TPAHIdW. v " .hThe JUlV .Woman's-Horn P rfnmna-n-3. - - 7 j - w. ,iu-u io ou cauciuciji .mwjies iing number, containing splendid stories, several unusual articles, and many helpful suggestions. Kathleen Norris, thewell-known writer, has written astory of France after the war entitled' "Nineteen-Thirty." There is alsoMargaret Deland's third article fromFrance "Napoleon and Others," anddelightful short stories by SophieKerr and Sylvia Chatfield Bates.The ajmusing novelette, "Oh, Annice,"by Alexine Hayland, is concluded inthis number, and there is anotherJimmie Preston story by Mary Heaton Vorse, which will appeal strongly to everyone who has ever helpedwith a patriotic bazar.Among the articles is one on "TheGirl of Seventeen" by her mother,and a whimsical vegetarian revel on"Garden Sass," by Laura Hinkley.In the picture section Louis Haemaekers, the famous Dutch cartoonist, has a wonderful drawing "TheStars and Stripes." The fashion department is filled with clever suggestions, Grace Tabor has an encouraging article on midsummer gardening,and the cooking department presentsa number of appetizing summersalad recipes.Furniture Wanted.We pay the highest cash price forsecond-hand furniture, refrigerators,carpets, etc.THE ARK,(14-3t) Cumb. Phone 780.FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,(tf) High Street.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO., .Eighth St., Paris,4 Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For Sale.Good second-hand Milwaukee Binder. First-class order. Apply toJ. M. CALDWELL,Cumb. Phone 616 Paris, Ky.(11-tf) JA.BigNow is the Time to Buy Your Summer NeedsAs you know that on July 1st there will he a bigjump in prices on all goods. Buy now what you need.II flu I -Vi Zijfc?$ rSI 1 Ifl iP I !' it J';j -55? Ml l ill jjavwa ''''vTTrvvV'tr uV flflCouch Hammocks at a Big Saving for CashNew Process Oil Stoves Save Oil !New Process Gas Stoves Save Gas !Let us put one in your home while we can save youmoney by buying now.TRY TRADINGA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Tnird Sts.Fdr ReltlThree niV;unfurnis&ed -rooms fornt. Apply totf ) &-'rt3iniKraa'r- tut I-ornwrent.(tf)'ERNEST' MARTIN.Ford For Sale.- A good 1917 model Ford in A-lcondition. For price and particulars, inquire atA. V. DOUGLAS' GARAGE,(4-tf) Paris, Ky.NOTICEThe Electric Dry Cleaning Company heretofore operating in.Paris?Ky., and composedof '"Walter Clarkand D. W. Traugatt is this day dissolved by mutual! consent. ' The said.D. W. Trangatt assumes all the obligations of the old firm and is entitled to collect all the outstanding accounts due said firm, this June 10,1918.WALTER CLARK,D. W. TRAUGATT.(ll-4t)EXECUTOR'S SALEOFValuable Business Property!As executor of the estate of W. T. Ficklen, deceased, I will sell atpublic auction, on the premises, on Main Street, on' Saturday, June 29, 1918,beginning at 2 o'clock, the two story brick business building belonging toestate of the late W. T. Ficklen, located just in front of the Paris CourtHouse.This is one of the best located and most desirable business propertiesin Paris. The lot has a f rontage on Main Street of 45.7 feet .more or less,and extends back to Pleasant Street a distance of 220 feet, jmore or less.On the Main Street frontage is located two store rooms and an entrance to the upper floors of the building, which is divided into numerousliving rooms. The Pleasant Street frontage is improved with a hitchingstable, work shop and driveway.This property is of sufficient size to make it particularly desirable foran up-to-date garage, or for a modern retail business block. The rearof the property, fronting on Pleasant Street being also well adapted forbusiness purposes..TERMS One-third of the purchase price cash in han;d; the balancedue and payable in equal installments in one and two years, the deferredpayments to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. A lien willbe retained to secure the payment of said deferred payments, or purchasertmay pay all cash, at his option, and stop interest.Following the above sale at 2 p. m., on the premises, opposite theCourt House, the household and kitchen furniture, etc., will also be sold.This will include a lot of bric-a-brac and an innumerable collection ofvarious articles. Also a lot of bees and honey.GEORGE W. STUART,Executor of W. T. HCKLEN, Deceased.HARMON STITT, Attorney.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(11-18-25-28)F. Wheeler'sSummer SaleThe New IcebergRefrigerator Saves IceWe have a few more left at a specialprice.i Porch Chairsat a big Saving foryou our stock andsave for you;AT WHEELER'S YOU'LL LIKE 111CHAS- GREEN, ManagerOptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis exclusive optical parlors.Franiesand Mountings,- all- stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do -frame repairing and'ean duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. "Nothing but high-grade material used. v Call and ' let's get acquainted"1 Optometrically. We chargelor examination.Dr. Wifc. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETEIST."Both Phones. 520 Main Stand Rockerscash. Let us showhow much we canOpposite Court House1V4TO10 S. FAMS, MX,TUESDAY, JUNE 18, 1918.r i- fiTtMl: '"..With Coop & Lent's Big Circus, Paris, Tuesday, June 25..AMERICANS SHOW STUFF THEYABE MADE OF.LONDON, June 17. What theAmerican forces have accomplishedin the first 11 months of their participation in the war is described in theLondon Times."The Americans," the writer says,"are rapidly completing the longestand greatest scheme of communication ever used in warfare."After a fortnight of solid travel,"he continues, "I am convinced thatwhat the Americans have accomplished will rank in history as one of thegreatest achievements of the war."Going further into details, he says:"Out of the waste lands adjacent toan old French port they have constructed a splendid line of moderndocks where ships now are daily discharging men, war material, cars andmachinery. The huge new warehouse system at this point is nearingcompletion in addition to motor parks,cold storage plants and railway yards,with tracks aggregating 200 miles inlength In the car assembling shopssteel cars are being put together atProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorneyitLawROOMS 401-402. "FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGthe rate of a complete train eachday. Work is proceeding rapidly ona new, 20,000-bed hospital, the largestyet to be constructed. There alsoare an immense artillery camp and aremount camp, where I saw severalthousand horses."AMERICAN WAR PROGRAM WILLBE BIG SURPRISE.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404. m-FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.ptr" PHONE 131.LONDON, June 17. There will besome surprises on the western frontwhen the American air programme isin full working order, says a specialcorrespondent of the Times in concluding his authorized description ofthe work of the American forces inFrance. There are already large production departments, several hugeflying schools, repair shops and supply centers in France and also plentyof pilots who, the correspondent isconvinced, are among the best fliersat the front.One of the typical air service departments, which the correspondent visited covers an area six miles by one"and a hilf miles. There the construction, assembling and repair of American airplanes will soon be going aheadon a scale never before known. "Anintermediate section," comprising avariety of enterprises over a largesection of the country, skillfully linked by rail, looms large in the American plan for quick handling of storesfor an army of millions. At onepoint, it is added, rows upon rows ofsteel structure warehouses are beingbuilt to hold supplies for 30 days for1,000,000 men. Everywhere, the correspondent concludes, there is an airof suppressed energy. The first year'srecord is "a glorious achievement,promising greater things for the nearfuture."Pledge yourself to save to the utmost and to buy a definite amount ofWar Savings Stamps each month.Paris Tuesday, June 25thThe Only Big Circus Coming This YearSOCIAL ' AN PERSONAL.Comings m& .Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.jjy16?,jim. fliBEil'jxI THE GREATEST INNOVATION I SvB1 fzf HISTORY f AMUSEMENT! yWBBjUg"Miyiv4 joL - wt&ru i5sk'9Dr. James A. Orr is at homefrom a visit to friends and relativesin Nicholasville, Tenn., Miss Henrietta Arnold is a guestof her sister, Mrs. Earl Smith, inSimpsonville, Shelby county.Squire John JN". Shropshire attended the clay pigeon shootingtournament held in Louisville, Friday. Mrs. Taylor Chandler has returned to her home in Richmorid after a visit to Paris friends and relatives. Mrs. J. S. Wallingford has returned from a visit to her daughter,Miss Nannette Wallingford, in Winchester. Mrs. Lucy Parker has returnedto her home in Crab Orchard, Ky.,after a visit to friends and relativesin Paris.Misses Willie Gordon and FrankieTaylor have returned to their homein Richmond, after a visit to MissHazel Arnold.Miss Ruth Jones, of .Mayfield,Ky., is a guest of Rev. Dr. B. F. Orrand Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr, onStoner avenue,Miss Elizabeth Clark's guest,Miss Elizabeth Franklfn, has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera pleasant visit.Mrs. Charles H. Burns has asguest at her home on South Mainstreet an attractive young womanfrom Stanford, Miss Ellen Scott.-r-Mrs. George B. Nelson and children have returned to their home inWinchester, after a visit to Mrs. R.L. Wilson, who is improving after asevere illness.Mr. J. Frank Clay has returnedfrom a visit to his son, Mr. TurneyClay, who has been very ill atLafayette, Indiana. Young Mr. Clayis much improved.Mrs. Edgar Cason, Mrs. FrankMuntz and Mrs. Mary Juett, have returned to their homes in Cynthiana,after a visit to Mrs. B. F. Laughlin,on Second street.Attorney Wm. L. Worthingtonhas returned to his home in Maysville after H Yisit to his sisters, Mrs.Wm. Remington and Mrs. GertrudeSmoot, on Eighth street.Mrs. Virgil Delaney and son,Master James Russell Delaney, are inDayton, Ohio, as guests of Mr. Delaney, who is employed in one of thebig munition factories there.Miss Olivia Orr was hostess ather home on Stoner avenue from fourto six Friday afternoon with a "knitting party" to a number of friends.Refreshments were served.Mrs. F. S. Elder, who has beena patient at tEe Massie MemorialHospital for several days, underwenta surgical operation at that institution Friday. Mrs. Elder is doing verywell at present.Mrs. John Moran has returnedfrom Camp Zachary Taylor, nearLouisville, where she visited herhusband, Mr. John Moran, who is amember of the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40. ""Mrs. Ethlyn Seever and Mrs.Henry L. Gosney have returned totheir homes in Menzies, Pendletoncounty, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.John L. D ay, near Paris. The formeris a sister of Mrs. Day, and the lattera niece.Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Marshall haveas guests at their home on Secondstreet Mrs. H. B. Blakely, of Charlottesville, Va., and Mrs. R. L. Robertson, of Due West, S. C, sisters ofMr. Marshall. Mrs. Robertson wasaccompanied by her husband.Mrs. Rufus Lisle, of Winchester,was a guest last week at a dininggiven at the home of Mr? and Mrs.James McClure, on Vine .street, inhonor of Mrs. James McClure, Jr.,and her mother, Mrs. Hill, of Washington, D. C.Miss Eugenia Fishback, who hasbeen visiting her mother, Mrs. AdaFishback, since graduating recentlyin the Midway College, left yesterdayfor Richmond, to take the summerschool course at the State NormalSchool. Miss Fishback will havecharge of the Tarr school, near Mil-lersburg for the coming school year.(Other Personals on Page 5.)m fe JttNEW PASSENGER RATES ARENOW IN FORCE.HtOHEBtHOir TAtJTlCS DTHOUSEANDjSEtTATE.WASHINGTON, June 17. Whilenot opposed to introduction of anyseparate prohibition legislation Senators may see fit to offer, Presidentwnson, it became known recently,js opposed to attaching any prohibition amendment to pending appropriation bills.It was learned that the Presidentnot only opposes the Randall amendment to the emergency agriculturaloui, which would prevent the expenditure of about $6,000,000 untilhe prohibits use of foodstuff for themanufacture of beer and wine, butalso opposes the bone-dry prohibitionprovision which Senator Jones ofWashington has introduced. Senatorfemith of South Carolina, ActingChairman of the Agricultural Committee, has been nKlcpri nco v,;D ;fluence for elimination of all prohibitum amendments....To the introduction of prohibitionbills as separate measures, to belought out in both houses on theirmerits, the President, it is understood, has no objections.h "If1 . ,k i .fe SB feGERMAN-AMERICANS IN 'CREWOP SUBMARINES.NEW YORK, June 17. The commander of the U-151, one of the German submarines which have beenoperating off the American Atlanticcoast, has been identified as CaptainNeustidt. He served five years as agunner's mate in the United Statesnavy.John Mathews, a Jamaican sailor,John Mathews, a Jamaican sailor,who was a member of the crew of theschooner Edna T, bombed off the Jersey coast by a German U-boat, saidthat the majority of the crewof the U-boat were German-Americans.He said that they spoke goodEnglish. They lived in Jersey Cityand Brooklyn before the war. Thefamilies of some of them were stillthere, Mathews said. . The crew ofthe submarine spoke English mostof the time when Mathews was onboard,. except when orders weregiven. , , ..rJ i nTAFT SAYS U. S. WILL WIN WARIN THREE YEARS.RCOK ISLAND, ILL., June 17.Delivering an address here recentlyunder the auspices of the NationalSecurity League, former PresidentWilliam H. Taft declared that thewar would be won by the time theU. S. had been in the conflict threeyears. '"It will require one or possiblytwo years for the U. S. to get startedright," Mr. Taft said, "and then possibly a year or so to win and end it,provided nok other country hinders.If Russia turns her resources over fothe enemy it will require a littlelonger for us to win."ijheiPenciietonSiop135 MAST MATN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTEL.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSColumbia GrafonolasColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00J -a1-Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00f-'HAARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYTickets diVSale Day of Sfooi AtMitchell & Blakemore's Ckng StoreN Extra Chmru TThTkkrts.The flat rate of 3 cents a mile forpassenger travel in day cars on allrailr.oads, ordered by Director General McAdoo, went into effect automatically Monday morning at oneminute past midnight.The new rate makes an increase inKentuckv of cent a mile. A revision is also expected in "short .line"fares, but the new rate table was notreceived until Monday night and theentire changes could not be learned.Milage books now held by nearlyall persons who do much traveling, ,are all recalled by going into effect of the new rate law. The mileage books formerly gave a rate of 2cents a mile when purchased in booksof coupons for 1,000 miles transportation. The mileage books become useless when the law went into effectearly Monday morning and may beredeemed when presented to the localrailroad offices. Mileage coupons willbe accepted, however, for their valuein payment of. fares on trains. Theonly way their values may be collected by owners will be by presentingtnem for redemption at the railroadoffices. In the future inileage bookswill be issued for convenience ofthose who desire to purchase them,but there will be,jio 's,avfng made bythe purchase of' a mileage book, thje3 cent rate not being subject to anycut. IPullman car rates will be 3 Vz centsa:mile. The Pullman car tickets willcostfthe,dadditlonal cen't, and theformer Pullman, cltr ' fee' paid ontrains will be continued. "The new prices are in addition tothe war tax, which remains at- 8 percent.On June 28th Prove YouAre A Loyal AmericanWill yougreet the Fourth-of July with a free conscience?Or will you spend the Fourth in shame-faced guilt?June 28th has been set as National War Savings Day. Your countryexpects you on that day to pledge every penny you can, up to $1,000,toward the purchase of War Savings Stamps.The price of American citizenship is no longer cheap. A new hourrhas struck. The crash of war has ground all semblance of cheapneasout of being an American. It is now a dear-bought honor, Youmust pay.On June 28th Your Country Asks You TcfBalance Your Patriotic Cash AccountEvery penny you withhold, that you are able to givey, extends aid andcomfort to the enemy. jNo sordid legal summons will, for the present, compel payment. Vouare called to payment by the higher, more chivalrous summons to volunteer on June 28th your pledge to purchase this .year every dollar'sworth of War Savings Stamps you can buy.;JRational War Savings Committee ;r.-MXiSf!$IV J HJ1this spact contributed forthe WInnInt off trio WarbyJt7C-u.i'altsJLdAH ERIN & BURTON1'if"-''--:- ...f-. '' r, . ,e. ti, -.: Sfe- j '- iii .i.mtlitalf5E3JSarT3L.&. .0&4iE2r?M. r.--X!W.SE-rv Itr fWfr jfpwiK'V30 V,' Bmu: 1X:f; x:IIx:f. X' ItX:-. , xrE&Bi'fcmK1r 1f:i.Avrf-r&r'Uk.-H-fcH.&'fy- .-W-yWTHE BOURBON NEWS,paws, rr. -w,jaTUMDAT, JUNE II, lilt.sm1omreiL-PAocEEDniGS , ... .graduating . exercises.. . or."7 A v MnrrncT'e nvo rwrir3. cntrnhT.. vJ.1UXU7XA3 JL.XUXLU.1U.1VI owuwvu.Xttihe recent jneeting of the CityCouncil held in the Council Chamberin the City Hall, with Mayor E.'B.January presiding, a permit wasgranted to Fred S. Kellis, a coloredevangelist of Lexington, to erect atent on, Marshall street for the purpose of ! holding revival services.The reading' of the minutes of theprevious meeting confirmed the taxlevy 'for 1918 as follows: For generalpurposes, 75 cents on each $100worth of- taxable property; 50 centsfor chobl purposes; 23- cents forsinking fund; 4 cents for Hospitalpurposes, and 3 cents for librarypurposes, a total of $1.50. The payment, of maturing bonds and couponsamounting to $4,668.49 was . anrjiounced by the City Clerk.The Council passed by a vote ofthree to one, an ordinance to regulate the character of buildings to beconstructed in certain parts of thecity, "and establishing a fire zone.The names of merchants andprofessional men who had not paidtheir- licenses was read- by Mayor E.33. Jalnuary, who requested the Council tcf take action. The matter was referred to a committee.A communication was read fromthe Paris Gas & Electric Company,in which demand was made for payment of the city's lighting and heating bills for March, April and May,which had been delayed, owing to acontroversy between the city and thecompany. On motion of CouncilmanKiser, Chairman of the Light Committee, to which the matter was referred, the city declined to pay. thehill. " In the communication to theCouncil at this meeting the company intimated that they would cutoff the city's lighting and heatingservice if the matter was not settled.The communication was referred tothe Light Committee with power toact."K IS E3SOME HOT WEATHER.This section of God's footstool sizzed Sunday and Monday under heatwaves that were almost tropical innature. The mercury ascended inthermometers until the maximum of98 'degrees was reached. Sufferinghumanity took advantage of everymeans "of getting cool, but the heatheld -on with" a persistence worthy ofa. better cause. But those of us whoreally like (?) hot weather tried toconsole ourselves by rememberingthose awful days of the past winter,those heatless Mondays, but all thosefreezing days. Still the heat held onanaV-humanity did its best to keepcoof.jfe to mWITH THE GOAT.Two additions were received to themenibership'Of.Rathbone Lodge K. ofP. aa recent meeting." "Tney'were 'J.S. Ball and Leonard Watson, the latter taking the Page Rank. The Sec-The graduating, exercises , pf theNurses Training School of the' Mas-'sie Memorial Hospital, in this city,will take place this evening at. theNurses Home, in White Addition; adjacent to the Hospital, at -efghtO'clock. The program to be observed is as follows: ' jSinging of "America;" invocation,by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church; Solo, (selected) Mrs. Edward" Pri chard; Address, Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville;Address, "Red Cross Nursing," MissFlorence Carmany, of Lexington;Solo, (selected) Mrs. Wm. M. Tal-bott; Administration of the Nightin-jgaie i'leage; .rreseniauon oi -uiyiu-masto the graduates, Misses IlaWard, Merie Shumate and GeorgiaShaffer.Miss Carmany, was solicited by thegraduates to come to Paris and tellour people the meaning of the "drive"for nurses throughout the Nation,and to tell them of the Government'sneed for trained nurses and fornurses aids, placing before the youngwomen graduates the call of the Government to this important form ofservice. A number of young womenare said to have visited the headquarters of the Red Cross Nurses'Committee, in Lexington, and expressed a desire to enlist for training. .This evening will be the firsttime that the people of this city, asa whole, will have had this particular campaign of the Governmentplaced before them.W." S, S, CAMPAIGN BOOMING.Miss Elizabeth Steele, CountyChairman of the War Savings Stampscampaign in Bourbon, reports a satisfactory progress in the sale of stamps,and that the campaign is making adecided headway. The response bytthe general public has been generous,and very few have not yet come upto the line with their contributions.There have been several additions tothe number of limit purchasers andthe "good work is still going on.At the close of business at theheadquarters on last Saturday thesale of stamps had reached an aggregate of $210,290. Yesterday's saleswill swell that amount considerably.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mrs. JRuby Arnsparger sold to Mr.Roy F. Clendenin, a vacant lot onPinecrest avenue, in the College HillAddition to Paris at a price not madepublic. The lot adjoins several already owned by Mr. Clendenin in thesame addition.At the public sale of the residenceof1 Prof. T. A. Hendricks,' on Seventhstreet, Saturday afternoon, conductedby Harris & Speakes, the propertywas purchased by Mr. EdwardBurke, acting for Mr. LuncefordTalbott. Mr. Burke paid $4,800 forthe property. The lot belonging toH. J. Grosche, adjoining the aboveproperty, was sold also to Mr. Tal-bott, bringing $560. . ' ,"ft 1EJ IS -Remember the men in our Armyond Rank will be conferred at the and Navy do not expect luxuries.mpxHnr .TKJ-rt Thupnr niht Should we at home expect them? BuyAtthe meeting of Bourbon Lodge ! necessities and War Savings Stamps. ICOMING TTEACTIpNS ATJPABIS" - GRAOT AND ALAM0 1To-day, Tuesday, June 18 Wm.Farnum, in "When a Man Sees Red;Antonio Moreno and Pearl white in'i9tii onicnilp nf "The House of HatP.?'To-morrow, Wednesday, June 19-4Jack Pickford and! Louise Huff, in"His Majesty, Buster Bean;" LukeJComedy, and HearsrPathe News feature. ;Thursday, June 20 Alice Bradyin "The Knife;" Mutt and Jeff Com-edy, '"The Superintendent;" WartPictures and Hearst Pathe News feature.' ' ' to m mFUEL ADMINISTRATION WARNS"THAT COAL MUST BE SAVED. )Saving of 15,000,000 tons of coaliwill be -required this year of privateresidences, apartment houses, church-:es, schools and commercial buildingsother than factories. To help effectthis saving, the Fuel Administration!has announced that it would put1into" effect a similiar plan to that in?Philadelphia whereby no order forcoal by a domestic consumer will becompletely filled until approved by;the 'local Fuel Administration. :WINCHESTER VISITED BY AN-"OTHER BIG EIRE.VGITY SEEKS TO ENJOIN .PARISi 7 iAn -injunction suit, which will beprobably heard at the present term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, was filedjn the office of Circuit Clerk Wm. H.Webb, by the City of Paris againstthe Paris Gas & Electric Co. following cpntroversy over the matter ofpayment of lighting bill by the city.The controversy which has beenwaged for some time between theparties to the proceedings, came toa head Friday, when the light company cut off the current at the CityHall and Fire Department, the latteraction also putting the. call system of .the police department out ofcommission. ,The city immediatelyfiled an injunction suit. A temporary restraining order was grantedby Clerk W. H. Webb. Papers in thecase were filed by City Attorney Dennis Dundon. The final hearing inthe case to make the restraining order permanent will probably come upthis week' in the Court.The style of the Court proceedingsis the City of Paris vs." Paris Gas &Electric Co., and C. L. Steenbergen,Manager. Bond for the city was furnished by Mr. Jos. W. Davis, several other citizens also volunteeringtheir services.4?A fire which occurred in Winchester, -Saturday, destroyed the store occupied by J. R. Neff, grocer, the J.W. McGinnis repair shop, BurherBros.' livery stable and the Tan-1kersly blacksmith shop.The burned property belonged toMrs. Eli Cornett, and was valued atabout $20,000. The loss is only partially covered by insurance. The.Burgher livery stable was stored withfeed to the value of about $3,000.About 30 horses were rescued with4difficulty and lead into the' streets.Several ponies made attempts to rushback into the flames. The estimateot damage to building and the contents of the places of business rangedfrom $30,000 to $35,000. ; -B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agt?EIRE DOES LARGE DAMAGE ATJACKSON.The Jackson Bargain House andthe Methodist Episcopal ChurchSouth, at Jackson, Ky., were convJDletely destroyed and considerabledamage was done to private residentces in a fire of unknown origin FrWday. j-The Blake store was seriously damaged, the loss being estimated between $8,000 and $10,000, with in;surance amounting & about $4,000Little insurance was carried on th'e1Jackson Bargain House. The church,loss was fully protected. -r.Lilt' 'llli! !' ' 1 vIN CHAUTAUQUA WORKMiss Alice Rogers Clay, accompanied by her mother, Mrs. May StonerClay, left Paris yesterday for NewYork, where they will remain forsome time. Miss-Clay received a telegram Saturday Ifrom Mr. Arthur E.Bestor, manager- of the New YorkChautauqua, informing her that shehad been selected to do publicitywork for the National Service Movement for Women in war work. Shewill be assigned the territory in NewYork surrounding Lake Chautaqua.For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.For SalePony; gentle; good driver; ponycart and harness. Call on or address,PHIL MAHER,1842 Brent Street,(18-2t) Cum. Phone 633.LOSTLadies' long watch chain, between Seventh and High and W. H.H. Johnson's residence an Mt. Airy.Fire, Wind and Lichtnin "?! return to undersied and eetInsurance.Thomas, Woodford Y Bryan.reward.(lt-pd)PINEVILLE COURT HOUSE DE-STROYED BY FIRE.I. O. O. F., last night the Third Degree was given to several candidates,and;the second nomination of electiveoffices held. The attendance wasgood.All you are asked to do is to buyonly necessary things and to loannot give your savings ro your Government to help it fight your war. 'The court house at Pineville, Ky.,burned Friday morning. The recordswere protected by the fire proof wallsand ceiling. The loss is $30,000. Theorigin is unknown.Halt theV ' -. :nun'rfgir":.t:Provide the boys with the things they needto make short work of him.Help the boys get guns, clothes, aircraft, food,munitions and the ships to get over with.These are the things they need, and theycost money hunks of itJune 28thNational , War Savings DayMmkt m pledge to buy Wmr Smrlmgm StmmpmThe more quickly our soldiers have all thethings they need, the more quickly the shipswill be bringing them victoriously back to us.5if National War Saving OammKtaaA:&xiV.PEALE' COLLIER.1-i Wr ..A XLlflM m. ' m. A m. k. a M. m.$-SADIES OUTFITTERS&G'l 5V, Uw .. -f n ,'A ..; JUST ARRIVED. : .zA NEW LINE OFBATHING SUITSCaps and Shoes'.NEW NECKWEARBELTS, HAND BAGSSILK HOSEJAPANESE EMBROIDEREDKIMONOSFRANK & CO.rvfiA Great Patriotic ProgramIs Announced By the Chautauqua CommitteePRESIDENT WILSON has urged that the chautauquas be carried on to teach patriotismand to prihg the issues of the war before the people. A master program has beenchosen 'for the Paris ; Chautauqua, including some t)f the greatest "Stars" of theplatform men and women of genius and unbounded patriotism.Every Program Will Strike a Patriotic NoteLecturers, Musicians, Crrators, Entertainers all will combine .to mike the Chautauquatent A TEMPLE OF AMERICANISM, and in the words of the President prove that "thework of the Chautauqua has not lost importance because of the war, but has gained newopportunities for service."A List of the Attractions !CAPTAIN; RICHMOND PEARSON HOBSON, Hero of1 the Merrimac.GEORGE EUSTACE PEARSON, Soldier, Author andLecturer. 'THE NAVASSAR ORCHESTRAL BAND of YoungIadies.BLACK'S EUROPEAN ORCHESTRAof MasterMusiciansDR. JAY WILLIAM HUDSON, just back from war zone.THE CECILIAN CHORUS in operatic genu and modern songs. NDR. ROLAND A. NICHOLS, Lecturer; 'The Man WorthWhile"GABRIEL R. MAGUIRE "With An Irishman ThroughAfrica."PEARL O'NEIL, Canadian Reader and Entertainer.CLYDE WILSON McCORD, Popular Orator and Lecturer.DE JEU, Master-Magician, and DeVITO, Piano-Accordionist."BOB SEEDS, the famous Humorist and Philosopher.TIERRA'S ROYAL HAWAAIAN SINGERS AND,PLAYERS..1r , Get An Illustrated Booklet telling -ilf about this exceptional' program 'Made your plans to lay by some of yourt work, and enjoy every number.. ".A Season Ticket: crood for 12 ereat sessions, afternoon :and nivht " ao w. -.' $2,001 '(Children II. 00. ): rt is the only thing that has not-gone rup" m v price.- Buv earlvand hoont. .'--....' c- i -;.- - . ? J .J T '2 JT' f .l ft I J ,. ".; - ,, . ,. . .- - 'v "l1V.JXParis Chautauqua July 6th to 11th"jVs.lmmM fcr farffcf'OftxxS. E. BEDFORD,135-"..-mm3&Tr3-'T5Wsrj38r4 'c "iJTSSSlfl!R!r!";lm. 'SliiroiHIIZ-i3"?:l' fev-TTUESDAY, JUNE 18, !-.-P1GX-ju j .yi'jau w.L . " J : -o i;rTOR THE BEST t ) mNOTHING ELSE, HAIL INSURANCE.Hall insuranco on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)101 fc!BOYS' SPORT BLOUSES.sleevesLow collar and shortspecial this week at 75c:" J. W. DAVIS & CO.YOU'IX NEED BEANS LATER.' i .Sow late beans in your gardenyou'll need them. We have plentyof 'the seed.(It) C. P. ,COOK & CO.m m imNEW AUTO OWNERS.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andOo Elsewhere.The Lexington Cadiljac Companyreports the sale of an eight-cylinderOldsmobile aouring mar to Thos. J.Redmon, of Paris.J 0. U. A. M. MEETING TO BEHELD TO-NIGHT.Representatives to the GrandLodge will be elected to-night at themeeting of Bourbon Council JuniorOrder United American Mechanics.This will be an important businessmeeting and a full attendance of themembership is earnestly requested.Eevery member who is interested inhis policy should be present and'vote.Id ift 3HIGH AVERAGES MADE BY ;COUNTY SCHOOL STUDENTSThe Bourbon county schools haveafforded students opportunity for attaining some remarkably good averages. In the last examination, con1ducted by Miss Susie Clay and Prof.B. M. Roberts; the following high."averages were made by five students:Jos. Ewalt, Jr., 95.7; Anna ThomasEwalt, 92.1; Mercy Park, 91.9;Louise Letton, 91.5; Anna MayYoung, 90.9.HAIL INSU RANGE,Insure your tobaccoaft ainst hail, I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)PORTRAIT AWAITING PLACEThe portrait of Joel T. Hart, thefamous Kentucky sculptor, paintedby Mr. Sudduth Goff, which was unveiled at the meeting of the StateFederation of Wjomen's Clubs lastweek,, is hanging in the art room atBrower's, in Lexington, until permission has been obtained to placeit in the Lexington Public Library,awaiting the founding of an art museum for the State.Mrs. Frank Lowry, of Paris, thechairmen of the State FederationArt Committee; has asked permissionof the library and the request will bepresented at the next ,meeting of theBoard.-MEASURING AND WEIGHING OFBOURBON'S BABIES.The weighing and measuring ofbabies, under the request recentlysent ouii by the Government, will beheld at" the court house at 2:30o'clock- .this (Tuesday) afternoon.The work will be conducted underthe supervision of representatives ofthe Bourbon County Health andVelfare League, the physicians of thecity and representatives of the cityand counfy. , .It is urged that every child undersix years of age be brought Jto thecourt h6uste this" afternoon for scientific tests for weight and measurements. This is a very important matter,so very important, in fact, that theGovernment has given its sanctionand approval to the work, as beingof great value to the scientific raising of better babies, all making fora greater manhood and womanhoodin the future.. HOT WEATHER CLOTHESWe recommend Palm Beach cool,comfortable and serviceable. , Plainand fancy colors $13.50 and $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Id 1 IttHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance ontobacco. Promptpaying companies.YERKE5&PEED.(je7-tf)BOURBON COUNTY MAN ROBBEDIN LEXINGTON.James Ballinger and his 'wife,Ethel, were held to the grand-jury,in Lexington, by County Judge F. A.Bullock, on a charge of robbery;Their bail was placed at $500, and:indefault they were placed in thecounty jail.It was charged that the two Bellingers, wTho are from Rockcastlecounty, beat an old (man named Jac.A.' Adams;1 of Bourbon county overthe head just outside the city limitsof Lexngf:on,:&n4 robbedrhUn, of over$300. Both ofthe Ballengers vtfcencame to' fcexirigtdn and began making purchases. They bought a number of articles from Sam Roseri-andMax Wilsenberger, Jewish mercbunts. whom the police thought fora '-time twere implicated in theTQb-2-bery.-fceytweie afterward .tfoyedjrAdans hail been working on farmsin'this countv and had saved up $135wi,th which he came to Lexington, to.have his eyes treated by a pnysician.The Ballingers had about $121 andsostaeiAmalUcttmge wha-they wrsearched after being arrested.Dr. L. Oberdorfer has returnedfrom a business trip to Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Wl C. Powell, ofLexington, were visitors in Paris,Sunday.Miss Christine Thompson is aguest of Miss Princia Gaines, InGeorgetown.Mrs. Wm. Sweeney has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. FrankPitts, in Lexington.Mrs. Louis Saloshin and familyhad as euests Simdav Mrs a tk)qseph, of Cincinnati.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone is a guestof Mrs. Edward Henderson, at Fortiiiumas, near; .Newport.Mrs. W. H. Behrman, of Newport, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.J. W., Bacon, and Mrs. Bacon.--Mrs. Thos. A. McLaughlin, wasthe weekend guest of Mr. and Mrs.M. J. Murphy, on Main street.Mr. Charles Adair returned toCincinnati, Sunday after a visit torelatives in thjs city and county.ivirs. jesse jaiaKe and little son,James Blake, have concluded a visitto friends and relatives in Ripley, O.Mr. Russell Frank is a guest ofMiss Louise Barnes, in Mt. Sterling.They will spend the week-end at OilSprings.Mrs. Charles A. McMillan continues seriously ill at the home of Mr.and Mrs. J. Frank Clay, on Duncanavenue.Mrs. Bryan Hash, who was operated on for appendicitis severalweeks ago is reported as being slightly improved.Mr. 'and Mrs. James Fergusonand Mrs. J. W. Pigg, of Lexington,were guests of relatives in Paris andthe county Sunday.'Mr. and Mrs. Dan W. Peed wereguests last week of Mrs. Peed's sister, Mrs. James C. Fizer, and Mr.vFizer, in Mt. Sterling.. Miss Anita Hattenck has returned to her home in Cynthiana, aftera pleasant, visit to Miss Edythe MaeBarlow, on Tenth street.Mrs. Ellen Knight who has been,a guest of Dr. and Mrs. R. D. Weaver,at North Middletown, has returned ioher home in Nicholasville.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond, isa guest of her mother, Mrs. M. A.Paton, and Mr. and Mrs! PearcePaton, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Julia Edwards fell downstairs Saturday at her home, sustaining a broken rib. She is gettingalong very nicely at the presenttime.Drs. M. H. Dailey, H. E. Foster,J. H. Comer and Harry Mathers attended the sessions of the State Dental Association held in Lexington lastweek.-r-Mrs. W. J. Sparks, of Mt. Vernon, is a guest of her brother, Dr.J. M. WJilliams, and Mrs. Williams,at their home at Sixth and Main,streets.Mr. J. Miller Ward, Jr., is" athome from the University of Virginia to spend .the summer vacationwith his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.Miller Ward, near Paris.Mr. J. C. Elgin, who is now making his headquarters at Memphis,Tenn., while traveling for a big implement house, has arrived in Paristo spend a two-weeks' vacation.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Walden, Mr.Drury and Mrs. Jennie Walden McGee and little daughter, Bernice McGee, of Cynthiana, were recent guestsof Mr. Ewell Renaker, at the Windsor Hotel.The bathing season opened Sunday.at the Boonesboro.bathing beach.A large number of Paris people, jriiotored to the beach and enjoyed theafternoon, in the cooling waters ofKentucky' river. , " -Prof. T. A. Hendricks, of Paris,the newly-elected president of Hamilton College, will move with his familyto Lexington this week. The familywill reside in the- President's apartments in' the main college building. 'Judge J. C. .Newell, who presided at the last term of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the absence of JudgeRobert L. Stout, was in Paris, Saturday on business pertaining to the redocketing of cases over which ne presided. Mr. Thos. E. .Moore, Jr., of Hazi i . ..'ard', formerly County Attorney -ofBourbon, was a business visitor inParis,, Friday. . Mr.; Moore was givena hearty welcome "back home"' byhis friends here?"' -Lexington Herald: "Miss AlleenFratman expects Miss ElizabethBoyd, of Paris, Miss Mary MarvinMoore, of Ashland, and" Miss WynonaCarmichael, of Louisville, on Thursday to make her a visit. She will entertain at' tea from 4 to 6 on Thursday for the guests."Miss. Eliza Clay Mason, of Paris,has returned from a trip to the BlueRidge Mountains, in South Carolina.Miss Mason, was one of a party .ofTransylvania College students whowere attending a Students' Y. W. u.Af. Conference . in session at BlueRidger The Kentucky delegates .hada college to themselves and enjoyedtheir stay. . . i 'The opening ball at Oil Springs,the. popular Clark county summer resort.' on Thursday'? June '-20 will at-kfact manyyoung'society people.fromParis and the county. Tne unSprings Hotel will be under the management this season of Mrs. MattieHuls, and it is safe to say that everything will be done for the pleasure'and 'comfort of the guests; - J'"' 'r'-i-m Alex Harned; of -Dayton, O.,-wikza. visitor in Paris- -last- week,.-Mr.. Harned, was a resident ofrEai?sJ' .' 7,... - '" 1' i a. ,. v.- T.nr tnytv Iin nis youtu, out idt ueic wc wwyears ago. His aunt, Miss Ada Harned was a teacher in the old ParisCity School when he was'a boy, andhis uncle, Mr. J. A. Bassett conductedshoe store in the room on MainStreet now-xjcciipied by the grocery qLusk '& Shea. . Mr. Harnea spent tconsiderable portion of his time withMr Oeorere W. Davis in learning thehistory-of, Paris, and-especially; of theold nelghbornooa wnere ne ic&iueu.when a boy. Mr. Harned is connected with abigauto concenrinvDay-ton, and being m umcmnu uu uus-iness, took, advantage1 of the opportunity to visit Paris.Mr. C. Offutt Boardman and son,bf Chicago, are guests of his" parents;Mr. and 'Mrs. J. V. Boardman.Mrs, Frank White will go toCincinnati to-morrow for a weeks'visit to her sister, Mrs. Davie Davis.Mrs. Spears Moofe and littleson, Stuart Miller, of Tenth street,who have been very ill, are improving nicely.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Carter andcheldren have returned from a visitto Mr. . Carter's sister, Mrs. SueSouth, at'Switzer, in Scott county.Miss Estelle Faulkner, of Tucson,Arizona, who has been a guest of herbrothers, Messrs. F. E. and W. T.Faulkner, in this city, left yesterdayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. HughMinor, at Cannel City, Ky.Miss Anna Louise White, whohas just returned from a visit toMiss Mildred Wood, in Shelbyville,has as guest Miss Louise Keal, ofRichmond. Miss White and MissKeal will go to Richmond this weekto join a camping party at Boonesboro. Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price,Mr.- and Mrs. Clyde. Richard and Mr.Earnett Winters attended the "miscellaneous shower" given last weekby Misses Ada Palmer and Lydia Conner, of Centerville, in honor of MissMyra Paul, whose wedding to Mr.Minor W. Bottom will take place thelatter part of this month.Mrs. Joseph H. Baum and handsome young son, Master DonaldBaum, of Chickasha, Oklahoma, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Gus Margolen, at their home on Hendersonstreet. 'Mrs. Baum was formerlyMiss Rosa Margolen. Mr. Baum accompanied his family as far as Chicago, where he remained on business.The members of the "KnittingBee," a social organization composedof patriotic Paris women, wereguests last week of Miss Belle Horton, at her home on the Hume &Be'dford pike, near this city. A picnic luncheon was spread under theshade of the towering oak trees onthe law, and partaken of by the following guests: Mesdames EdwardPrichard, Oscar T. Hinton, Woodford Daniel, Katherine Davis Craig,Misses Elizabeth Steele, ElizabethJasper, Nancy Griffith, Clara BelleO'Neill and Hattie Hill O'Neill.Mrs. Thompson Tarr entertaineda large number of guests at herhome on the Georgetown pike Friday afternoon with "a knitting party." Brick ice cream and cakeswere served. The guests enjoyed theafternoon in knitting for patrioticpurposes and in social converse.Those who partook of Mrs. Tarr'shospitality were: Mrs. J. W. Thomas,Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay, Mrs. C. A.Daugherty, Mrs. J. T. Hinton, Sr.,Mrs. Roger Thompson, (Columbia, S.C.,) Mrs. Lizzie Walker, Mrs. Margaret Steele, Mrs. Nellie Highland,Mrs. D. C. Parrish, Miss Nannie Miller,. Mrs. Walter Clark, Misses Annieand Susie Clay, Misses Lottie andMamie Holladay, Misses Tillie andLizzie LaRue, Mrs. Preston Taylor,Mrs. Woodford Spears, Mrs. W. E.Ellis, Mrs. Dickinson, Mrs. Porter,Mrs. R. H. Wills, Mrs. Wm. Tarr,Mrs. Nelson Gay, (Clark,) Mrs. Wm.Gay, (Clark,) Mrs. J. O. Evans,(Clark,) Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Mrs. Harvey Hibler.(Other Personals on Page 3.))K3 3 TBOur men in the trenches and in thesubmarine chasers are doing theirpart? Buy War Savings Stamps toyour utmost capacity.nExtraordinary Announcement!Entire Stock of Ladies' Ready-To-Wear, Millinery and Dry GoodsMust Be Sold At Once.Everything Must Go! Building and Ail Fixtures For Safe!Sale Now Going On ISuits and CoatsFrom the Cheapest to thebest. They all must so. Thisseason's choicest Suits andCoats,Regular $25.00 Suits and Coats ...$17.50Regular $30.00 Suits and Coats . .$22.50Regular $35.00 Suits and Coats $24.25Regular $40.00 Suits and Coats .. .$27.50DressesWe have a beautiful line ofdresses that must be soldand we have marked themat prices within reach of everybody. Regular $20.00 Dresses at $14.75Regular $25.00 Dresses at.. ... $16.98Regular $30.00 Dresses at $19.75Regular $35.00 Dresses at. $24.75We Have Many OtherSpecialsToo NumerousTo MentionMillinery4One Lot of Values up to $5.00. Trimmed Hats, your choice $1,501One Lot of Values up to $7.50Trimmed Hats, your choice $3.50Silk and Woolen Skirts$7.50 rakes at $ 5.98?$10.00 values at 7.9&$12.50 values at 9.9.8b.$15.00 values at 12.50White Wash Skirts$3.00 values at . . ' $2.59$5.00 values at 4,49$6.00values at .. 4.98$7.50values at 6.48Waists$10.00 Waists at.$7.50 Waists at..$6.00 Waists at. .$5.00 Waists at..$4.00 Waists at..$3.50 Waists at..$3.00 Waists at..$1.50 Waists at...v$7.98?. 4.98. 4.25. 3.29. 2.98. 2.48..98:All Goods Sold Cor Cash Nothing on Approval, to be Returned or Exchanged.HARRY SIMONThe DrawerDevice HasBeen Perfectedto so convenient a degreethat .when, you open it upit virtually hands you therecord you desire. It canbe absolutely relied uponto prevent scritchiif andwarping, and its use insuresperfect preservation of therecords . entrusted, to '. its,. V Vcare.Daugherty Bros.Fifth antf.MalniMiIII93 - ;-n93 v'h jjrra .-'r9Mi',,mv -H 4 . .Wl are showing the most extensivefea and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe; very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON COlh'0Z'S:-QaklU'.'lii&$?Al43KtMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.wI Arbfetf - ft"--1 m:I ENI 1Sv-iI - - ' wftHiIKisBlHI iHkor-. ' i ,. m.;- rl ji- "f. :.'i :- -v- OB"But!US-, jI . Jtmt WTiajjiCs-- SUjU 0&$$n m?$ K:-. . -,-f. W";mv KxtiijAy -ymA-n '$$w oeaii- k. mm! m,t 0v;TTJESDATr JUICE" If, ISlf,'''IbbjrTHE BOUTtBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.T2tpt m wzj, iivfl 9wvvyrftvf itwiT- Cr -J". tJRnsr.1K.V. KI.IJ IAXO J.ALDUJ.X1 XVr 1MEH0EY OF ED. TURNER.Below is the text of Rev. W. E.Ellis remarks at the funeral of thelate Mr. Edward Turner, WednesV day afternoon, at his home, near,v" Paris:I have "been called upon many timesin my life as a minister to conduct aservice similar to this when it hasbeen hard to do so, but I think never-before have I found it so difficult ason this occasion, because of the intimacy of our relationship and thewarm personal friendship that existedbetween us.The announcement of his depar-v ture has spread an unusual gloom. over his' large circle of friends. Myi own -mind participated in the general' depression and my own heart feelsthis personal loss, for he was one ofmy warmest personal friends and aman whom I admired for his manyexcellent traits of character.He was a man of unselfish and; generous spirit, and of a kindly andaffectionate disposition. He wassingularly modest yet strong in disposition and in will. He had royalblood in his veins and sought "to keephis' fair name untarnished but was al-' ways ready to sacrifice himself for" others.' It is impossible for me to pay afitting tribute to his memory today.1 cannot find the words with whichto portray my conception of his character or to express my esteem, my7 appreciation and my friendship forhim. Might I be pardoned today formentioning some things, which underdifferent circumstances, modestymight forbid.I was impressed with the fact thatthe quality of his mind was superior,in that there was nothing coarse ordegrading about it. It was alwayselevating and refining in its influencein his home and on those whom he-touched. For it was here that hesilently spread around him that soft,gentle light, the beauty of which isnever fully known until it is gone.His calm gentle spirit, his sweethumility, his loving sympathy and hisclear perception of what is due toothers fitted him preeminently forthe place which he filled in the homeas father and friend. He was trulya spirit of friendship diffusing itselfas a helpful influence through the' circle in which he moved. No onewho ever met him in a friendly waycould easily forget the peculiar warmheartedness of his manner an conversation. "There was a cheerfulness and sunshine of soul born of his love for hisMARGOLEN'SAll fruitsVegetablesfishand Meats- are kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators ev-w erything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service -isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeflBBBBBBlHM9B9HBjHBjHflH nBSBaBBBBBKiSXLwmk BbI ilJ3 : Br B'tl A feMutlful line of Garlantft n tftofcvfrtay. Cmm In an iMk thm wr.Paris G$& Electric Co.. - . Hi a .. -v rthere was a delicacy wmen instinctively shrank from wounding the feelings of others; there wes a disposition to sympathize with others thattied him to his friends an theclosestbonds of fellowship. Those feelingsof unkfcidness that sometimes obscure for a moment the goodness ofexcellent men seldom, if ever passedover him, with reference to hisfriends. , . .Those who knew him best cannotby an effort of imagination, put anacrimonious speech into his lips, anymore than they can think of him under an entirely different countenance.The voice ceases to be his, its tonesdo not belong to him when it wouldbe made the vehicle of unkindnessto others. His life was so controlledby his generosity and hospitality anduprightness that he was never knownto sully with an envious breath thehonest fame of another, or to withhold a ready testimony to another sworth. -So great was the kindnessof his heart that nothing could exclude those little attentions to hisfriends for which multiplied caresare so often made an excuse. Evenin his last illness when his frailbodv was racked and tortured withpain the genuine kindness and sweetunselfishness ot nis loyai soui was expressing itself in an effort to makeothers happy, for there was a depthof human sympathy in his heart thatis seldom surpassed. These are thethings which won for him a place inour hearts and affections which timercan never erase. mIn addition to this he had what isworth more than the wealth ofworlds a happy home consecratedby intelligence, sweet leliowsnip, anaChristian love. Who had greatercause than he to rejoice in life? Whothat saw him in the bosom of hisfamily can forget the deep sympathies and the overflowing friendliness of his spirit? His home waspervaded by his love as by the sun'slight. Here he was as gentle as anevening zephyr, as tender as awoman, and as loving and sympatheticas a mother. How his children lovedhim and sought to carry out his everywish. How easy they felt in his presence and what companionship therewas between them and how anxioushe was for them to be prepared forthe battle of life and with what peculiar attraction he drew them tohimself? And what effort he madeto fit them for life's duties. It wasin his home that he stood forth inall the manliness of his cordial personality and in all the majesty of hissympathetic character. Even here henever passed the limits of the mostdelicate courtesy and respect for therights of others.Let me call attention also to thefact that he was blessed in beingthe object of singular and never failing kindness on the part of a faithful Christian mother and father whomhe fe'quited with strong filial attachment. By the influence of these hegave his heart to God and identifiedhimself with the Christian Church ofwhich he was a member at the timeof his death.We lay this tired, emaciated, worn-out- body in its last resting place inthe belief and hope that we shallmeet again in that blissful presencewhere partings are no more, andwhere pain and sickness anddeath are forever unknown. Untilthen, my dearest friend, farewell,farewell! Peace to your ashes andbliss to your soul!O, pitying heavens drop down thedews of your consolation upon us.0, pitying angels, doubtless ye care,but ye can not know 0 angels, thesweet, sweet human love, the bitter,bitter human sorrow. 0 sympathizing Saviour, thou didst weep withsisters beside a brother's grave, andThou knowest, O loving Saviour thathere is a grief still harder to bear.The husband, the father, the brothergone. 0, Holy Spirit, the Comforter,come now and comfort. 0 God andFather of our Lord Jesus Christ, theFather of mercies and God of all comfort, the Father of the fatherless andthe widow's God, come, guide and uphold the one who strives to be braveand calm as she leads forth into lifethe steps of her fatherless children.And may the God of all grace keepthem in His love until they too shallpass into the bliss and blessedness ofour Father's home in glory.$100 REWAED $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stagesand that is catarrh. Catarrh beinggreatly influenced by constitutionalcondition requires constitutionaltreatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicineis taken internally and acts throughthe Blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe system, thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powerof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio, Sold by all druggists, 75c.(adv-june)PB pBB JHtUNITED STATES HAS NEAR MILLION MEN IN FRANCE.WEST POINT, N. Y., June 17."We have joined a combination inwhich France and Britain and Italyand the United States have assembledin France the greatest force forrighteousness the world has everseen," declared Secretary of WarBaker, in an address to 137 graduates of the United States Militaryacademy. He declared that "it isnot unfair to speculate that we willshortly, pass the million mark" ofAmerican fighting men in France.America's policy of sending menacrossto France as rapidly as shipswill take 'them wall not be affectedeither by the submarine menace orthe territorial gains of the enemy,General Peyton C. March, chief ofstaff, told the graduates.Can you refuse to loan your savings when other men. give their lives?Buy War Savings Stamps.friends and his devotion to m 'tnenr;ATTAIN RMOBand the World War''tr"HS''- 7 i " '&tfBBB.oj BBWS'"' "V' w, v --BBBBmri ?BBBBEc "Vi t v . V s 3(!BBBBBA.Br9r '". x ' .. v jjXwBBBBBBBJ3 ,-x, V ' S.K J$ ' vBBks!HBBB'& - : "c ? ?k '& mKBsmKSRv Ks&bIBBbIBBBBwI '.'."' --X '' k-': afsHiJBBBs' v ' '$&F&aKmaMCAPTAIN RICHMONDCaptain Richmond P. Hobson, the"Hero of the Merrimac," will speak atthe local Chautauqua on "America andthe World War." This address will beone of the big outstanding features ofyears of Chautauquas.Captain ,Hobson is a son of SouthernChivalry, a naval graduate at nineteen. Soon thereafter he saved andrepaired the Oregon, foundered in theYellow Sea. TTobson suggested bottling up Cervera's fleet by sinking theMerrimac and won undying fameNATIVE HAWAIIAN COMPANY TOPRESENT UNIQUE AND NOVELPROGRAM AT CHAUTAUQUA.We can't all visit Hawaii, the Para--diseof the Pacific, but the local Cha'u- itauqua Committee has made it possible for us to see and hear a troupe of "real Hawaiians with real ukuleles ami"steel" guitarsVierra's Royal Ha-fwailans, headed by Mr. and Mrs. Geb,f"W. Vierra. Mrs. Vierra's picture isshown herewith.The Hawaiian music is the most fascinating in the world, outstripping allother forms of music for popularityduring the past few years. Nowadaysmakers of Hawaiian phonographic records can scarcely supply the demand,which amounts to a positive craze fortheir honey-sweet melodies.The Royal Hawaiians is one of thebest of all the companies of nativeSingers and Players. It is to appearnere soon at the Chautauqua for twoprograms on the fourth day. Many interesting and novel features are promised.TO TELL OF HIS SPECIAL MISSION TO EUROPEDr. Hudson Just Returned For Chautauqua Tour.JAYA Dayid in stature, but a Goliath inintellect, a man among men, and considered one of the best men in America at presenting profound subjectsto popular audiences, is Dr. Jay. Wil-0liam Hudson, head of the Departmentof Philosophy at the University ofMissouri.Dr. Hudson has just returned fromWestern Front in Europe, where heiresit this spring on a special tripis. or?.'thisDR.PEARSON HOBSON.performing that feat, which has beenpronounced one of the most, heroideeds of all time. Since the SpanishAmerican War he has held the nation's steady attention to our navaland military problems, being the original advocate of Preparedness; championed World Peace by Arbitration;served three terms in Congress, andhas become the fceniost temperanceadvocate of his generation.He will speak on the night of thein third day.MM4's..i."""''""4-;A'" 4WILL'lAM HUDSON. -be used to serve America by tellingthe people about the war and what hesaw '"Over there.": His Maddressv 'American Idealsf isa-masterful presentation of the meaning of American democracy a splendid vision "of Americans destiny.-whichhas been heard in nearly every Statein the Union. This time it AwJ!llebased upon his first-hand observationsand experiences in the actual theaterof.wjuv, -, - tIHudspVakiWtlii 'fifth sfebtof the Chautauq. " 'Iff You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnace. and want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed, We areagents for the Laurel FurnaceNone better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYPainting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.- j l.u- L i--Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsHELP WIN THE WAR !Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmerhear from you.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.Now is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.War. Savings .Stamps saye lives.They also serve vhorbuy War. Savings Stamps if they save and buyto the utmost of their ability, a-ndbuy in time..The., philosophy of jthe-W. S. S.;isI save, save, save.?FuT1X1!fct ,?jwzTU Mfriend,He will be glad toW. H. CAOTJOIf ,Lteal Manager.1 CAHAL BBOS,BARBER SHOPfrmt and cprtoMM AtttiitlMPaftrwi immmm i,-f!ryX$XTUESDAY JUNE 18, 1918.THE BOURBON, NBW3, fAftg, KT. """-toifrWarning to Public!Beware of Frauds and ImpostorsTlie average so-called "patentmedicine" is a worthless, often harmful, fraud. Short-lived, and depending wholly upon the numher of onetyne "suckers who take anotherchance,", and who are "stung again"these '"remedies" usually "last"about five years. By that time thepublic is "wise," and their advertising no longer "pulls." But in thattiem they have probably paid a fewfines, and "cleaned up" a milion ortwo.But there is no remedy on earththat has lasted thirty years unless itis an honest, genuine remedy. Druggists are not intentionally dishonest;and they would refuse to sell theirpatrons what they know to be worthless even if the public themselves"had not "gotten wise." Therefore.the fact that A-I-M has enjoyed theconfidence of the medical profession,the druggists, and the public atlarge, for over thirty years, is thevery strongest proof possible to attain. We firmly believe that the day ispast when a firm should merely makeclaims for an article whether it beshoes or hosiery or clothing, or anything else. They should be willingto back up their assertions by positive proof. So from now on our policy is going to be: Satisfactory results or no pay!Needless to say, if many other proprietary medicine concerns adoptedour policy there would be numerousbankruptcy proceedings within a veryshort time.There are two reasons which causeus to make this announcement. First:We believe that the average citizenis honorable, and only too willing topay for what benefits him. Second:We know that our remedy will benefit ninety-seven per cent, of anaemic,rundown, underweight people according to the extent of the subnormality of the patient. Back of thisassertion is thirty years of ever-increasingsales, with thousands of testimonials, to prove our statements.But the beauty of this offer is thatyou take no risk whatever. We willwager our remedy against your timeand trouble and if it fails to benefit you, simply don't pay for it.As we have already said, statisticsshow us that ninety-seven per cent,of the users of Acid Iron Mineralare benefited. We are willing, also,to admit that there is a fair marginof profit in this remedy so that wecan well afford to lose in those fewcases where organic disease of somesort prevents this natural iron fromproperly performing its intestinalduties.Simply go to your regular druggist, whose word you can rely upon,and ask him: "What do you knowof Acid Iron Mineral?" After hehas fully informed you, say to him:"Kindly let me have a bottle ofA-I-M; (l will give it a fair trial. Ifit doesn't 'work,' I'll bring backthe epnpty bottle and you are to return my money."We know that you will appreciatethe honesty and fairness of thisoffer!Acid Iron Mineral is in no sense apatent medicine or secret remedy. Itis a natural mineral product, containing ferric sulphate, aluminicsulphate, manganic sulphate, magnesium sulphate, calcium sulphate, sodium sulphate, sodium idodide, sodium phosphate, silicic acid and freesulphate acid.We discount the feasibility of publishing testimonials, for the very reason that we know that the generalpublic is skeptical of the averageunsolicited statement" - and themethods used in securing the same.We soirfetimes make an exception, inthe case of those whom we know tobe well-known in their community,and who are absolutely above thesuspicion of "being influenced" intowriting what they do not thoroughlybelieve to be true. We have, therefore, in the recent past, taken advantage of the high praise offered ourremedy by the following reputablepeople of Kentucky by using theirtestimonials in the local papers. Wegladly refer you to any of these people you may know:B. C. Richardson, Bauer; Mrs. Lizzie Richardson, Bauer; Mrs. M. E.Pinkerton, Sadieville; Miss VictoriaVarney, Shock; and Columbia Hackney, Shock.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)HENRY FOBD INDORSED BY DEMOCRATS FOR SENATORHenry Ford, Detroit automobilemanufacturer, who has been mentioned as the Republican candidatefor United States Senator to succeedWilliam Alden Smith, whose termexpires next year, was indorsed byMichigan Democrats in conference atLansing, Mich., and urged "to becomeour party candidate, although he isnot within our fold." The indorsement of a Republican candidate by aDemocratic conference is unparalleled in Michigan political history.Protect yoursavings.soldiers with yourCURTAILMENT TO FUEL TO AUTOFACTORIES.WASHINGTON, June 17. Curtailment of coal supplies to manufacturers of passenger automobiles for theyear beginning August 1 to 25 percent of the quantity consumed in1917-18 was announced by the FuelAdministration. This is one of thesteps in a drastic program for reduction of fuel allowed nonwar industries to meet the expected coalshortage next winter.Do not forget that War SavingsStamps are not for children only.Most of the squandering is done bythe grown-ups.fe fe SThe Government needs your money; you need the stamps.New BookGoes to PressMonday,July 15thTHE BELL DIRECTORYThis is the most frequently consultedreference list in this section. It is correctedand revised every few months.Paris Advertisersare afforded an unequalled opportunity jtoplace their business before the best people ina prosperous community. The space is limited, the rates are reasonable.Just telephone, write or call onMANAGERCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAi, J TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated) .!HyffliBOARD OF EXEMPTION EXPLAINS"W0HX-0R-HGHT"0IU)EPt:"Because of the numerous requestsfor information made to the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption as tothe provisions of the recently-issuedorder from the office of Provost General Crowder, regarding idlers, theBoard acting in conjunction with theBourbon County Council of NationalDefense, has given out the followingexcerpts from the law for publication. This is done in order that manyfalse impressions that have gottenout may be corrected, and that a fullexplanation may be made of the matter. The sections with which the people are mostly concerned, and publication of which was stated by theBoard as being of the most supremeimportance at this time, are as follows:"B. Classifying: Registrants Section121A. Duty to Report Tacts Concerniner Registrants. Wlm aIdlers or Engaged in Certain Nonproductive Occupations or Employments. "It shall hereafter be the duty ofall persons connected with the administration of the Selective ServiceLaw and Regulations, and of all citizens, to report to the nearest LocalBoard all facts which may come totheir knowledge concerning registrants who are idle or who are engaged in any occupation or employment defined and described in theseRegulations or any amendmentsthereof as -non-productive occupations or employments."A Local Board of origin shall havethe authority to issue notice to andinvestigate the case of any of its registrants, wnether they be found within or without its territorial jurisdiction. Section 121D Local Board to Investigate."The Local Board issuing the notice, whether it be the Local Boardof origin or not, shall thereuponpromptly investigate the circumstances of the case, giving' the registrant reasonable opportunity to submit such evidence as he jmay desireto submit, by affidavit or otherwise,and shall proceed as hereinafter prescribed. "Section 121K Definition of Nonproductive Occupation or Employment. "In the present emergency it isnot possible to extend the protectionof deferred classification to those registrants engaged in certain occupations or employments which are nonproductive. "There is a great demand for laborin all productive occupations and employments, and especially in agriculture and other necessary industries.Therefore, registrants who have beengiven deferred classification and whocan engage in some productive occupation or employment without substantial loss or hardship to themselves or others should be willing toseek some productive occupation oremployment or enter the military service rather than remain in an occupation or employment in which theyare rendering no effective assistanceto the Nation."If a registrant is idle, he, ofcourse, is not occupied or employedat all, and his status of idleness furnishes ground for the withdrawal ofhis deferred calssification or late order number; and the Regulations applicable to idle registrants shall bedeemed applicable also to gamblersof all description and employees ofrace tracks and bucket shops, and tofortune tellers, clairvoyants, palmistsand the like, who, for the purposes ofthese Regulations, shall be consideredas idlers."The employment or engagement ofany able-bodied registrant of militaryage in any of the following occupations or employment is not sufficiently effective, in the present emergency, to justify the postponement ofhis call into military service, notwithstanding he may have a late order number and notwithsanding hemay have been placed in Class II,III, or IV, on the ground of dependency; and all registrants engaged asfollows are to be considered by Local,and District Boards as engaged innon-productive occupations or employments: "(a) Persons engaged in the serving of food and drink, or either, inpublic places, including hotels andsocial clubs."(b) Passenger-elevator operatorsand attendants; and door men, footmen, carriage openers and attendants; and door men, footmen, carriage openers and other attendants inclubs, hotels, stores, apartmenthouses, office buildings and bathhouses. "(c) Persons, including ushersand other attendants, engaged andoccupied in and in connection withgames, sports, and amusements, excepting actual performers in legitimate concerts, operas, or theatricalperformances."(d) Persons employed in domestic service."(e) Sales clerks and other clerksemployed in stores and other mercantile establishments."The following grounds' shall beaccepted by Local and DistrictBoards as reasonable excuse for temporary idleness or for being engagedin "a non-productive occupation oremployment:"(a) Sickness."(b) Reasonable vacation."(c) Lack of reasonable onnortu-nrty for employment in any occupation outside of those described in theforegoing Section 12 IK or those hereafter specified by Regulation or Ruling as provided in this Section."(d) Temporary absence (not regular vacations) from regular employment, not to exceed one week, unlesssuch temporary absence are habitual and frequent, shall not be considered as idleness... "(e) Where there are comnellins:domestic circumstances that wouldnot permit change of employment bythe registrant -without disproportionate hardship to his dependents; orwhere a change frqm a non-productiveto a productive employment oroccupation would necessitate the removal oi the registrant from hisplace of residence, and such removalof the registrant from his place ofresidence, and such 'removal would,in the judgment of the board, causeunusual hardship to the registrant'or his family; or when such changeof employment would necessitate thenight employment of women undercircustances deemed, by the Boardsunsuitable for such employment of-women, Boards are authorized to consider any or all of such circumstan- Ices as reasonable ayphco fnr !productive employment."m m mTO AILING WOMENA Little Sound Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer in Paris.aNo woman should consider herselfhealthy, and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that, nass nff In thosecretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is often the causeof breaking down pains, lameness,backache, etc. Uric poisoning is alsofrequent cause of headaches, dizzyspells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills,, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from the benefit I received, I cortainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenevermy kidneys have acted irregularly ormy back has been weak and lame, Ihave used a box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me "of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)fs pa TaBuy War Savings Stamps to theutmost of your financial capacity,and then increase your capacity bysaving more.M 'COMA OKBIND E R SBest in tbe World1Ar"-!BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Twin Bros.Department StoreBig CashRaising SaleSkirts$5.50 values $3.98$7.50 values $5.98.$10.00 values $T.50Dresses$12.00 values $8.95$14.00 values ... $ 1 0.95$18.00 values ... $ 1 4,75$22.50 values... $19.95HatsValues ud to $5.00$1.00to$1.50Suits and Coats$17.50 values., $12,00$20.00 values. :$15.00$22. 50 values. . $1 S.OOTwin Bros.Department StorePLENTY OFBINDERTWINErSee Us For All Kinds of "Farm Machinery"and SuppliesC. S. BALL OARAGE' Cor.! Fourth and Pleasant St. .A:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KixsXI?xThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streeti5 r jSSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiled';garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleas'.,ure of wearing old clothes that,"have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledge!that you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1 69-2 rV ?jt- ivx -y- "in tmaJVmti. rr ;" yy .g.AfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Tuesday, umm ii;in$.MBS BGHt-&iniiiiinimmHiHMiiinHHiiiimiiiiiiiiMCS235 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMHH1 The J. TV Hinton Co.VndmrtakersAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.3Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night s . . 96or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.' A A A A A A A!'V. BIRTHS."!!MM Hlt II IHiWHW lV"llil(AA thing good, and were not disap--MILLERSBURG---Plag Day was observed here Fri-Miss Laura C. Jefferson is amonghe sick.-r-Miss Ruth McClintock returnedJgriday after a visit to friends at"Winchester.Miss Louise Myall was the weekzaxL guest of Miss Louise Wood, in"Srankfort.Mr. and Mrs. R. 0. Chambers, of3axdis, are visiting their daughter,i3rs. R. M. Johnson.Mr. Hamlet Moffett, of Peoria,TS2L, is a guest of his parents, Mr. andafrs. H. P. Moffett.pointedMr. Reese Ingels left yesteidayfor Letcher county, where he has accepted a position with a big coal concern operated by Wm. S. Dudley, ofCarlisle and Lexington.DEATHS.HENRY.The funeral of the one-month-oldchild of Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Henry,who died at the home of its parents,in North Middletown, was held inthe North Middletown Cemeterv withRev. and Mrs. John W. Gardner J services conducted at the grave. Mr.Henry s rather died just a short time--'returned Friday after a ten-daysinsit to relatives at Somerset vMrs. J. B. Cray was the guest of?&er sister, Mrs. W. S. Judy, at Lexingtcm, Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. A. S. Best, Miss Hattie"Wood, Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd at"fended a missionary meeting at"VSIiarpsburg, Thursday.Mrs. S. C. Bascom and little3aTighter, Miss Sue Bascom, left Satsorday for a two-weeks' visit to her-sister, Mrs. Ralph Miller, at Cincinnati. Mrs. J. S. Clarke and niece, Mrs.IF". B. Ingels, left Friday for a sev--sral days' visit to their nephew, Mr.i&xistin Smith and family, at Dry' JiSidge.Mr. Clarence Riggs, who underwent an operation recently at the-Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexingon, is reported as being greatly improved. Mr. M. E. Pruitt returned Sat-"orday from Louisville, where he has'ibeeh. since Wednesday in attendance-a,t-the State convention of the funeral- directorsMr. Clarence Riggs was stricken"wftxi appendicitis Sunday and under--went an operation at the GoodJSajmaritan Hospital, Lexington, Tuesr isy. He is doing nicely at this writhing. -- Rev. Crayton Brooks conductedbunion services here Sunday evening,z&zvS. delivered a powerful discourse. j-gjcrt.zuuer rruuK.s win cuuuuui a pruuract--ssil .meeting at the Millersburg Chris- tian church in October.'- Dr. J. T. Calhoun left Sunday&rr Louisville on a business mission,after which he will join his family atL Si3ie ionie of his father, Mr. Calhoun,3,t Ringo, Ga. Dr. Calhoun will make- Ithe entire trip in his automobileago. Mr. and Mrs. Henry have thesympathy of the community in theirdouble bereavement.FORD.News has been received here byrelatives of the death in Laurel,Maryland, last week, of Mrs. EdwardFord, a former resident of Paris.Mrs. Ford had been ill for months ather home in Laurel.Mrs. Ford was about forty-fiveyears old, and was the wife of Mr.Edward E. Ford, who resided in theold Ford home, known as the GarrettDavis place, on Vine street, in thiscity. Before her marriage to Mr.Ford she was Miss Etta Morris, ofthis city. The family moved to Lexington several years ago, wliere Mr.Ford bought a farm near the cityand engaged in farming.Besides her husband Mrs. Ford issurvived by two children, Miss MaryEtta Ford and Mr. James EdwardFord.Tuesday, June, 18thWilliam Fox PresentsWilliam FarnumIN"When a Man Sees Red"A stirring, red-blooded picture productionfounded on Larry Evans famous story4 'The Painted Lady.7 'Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe 12th Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, June 19thJesse I Lasky PresentsJack Pickfordand Louise HuffIN"His Majesty, Buster Bean"One of the most popular stories ever published in the Saturday Evening Post.Also a "Luke" Comedy,and Pathe News.Thursday, June 20thSelect Pictures CorporationPresentsALICE BRADYIN"The Knife"Mutt and Jeff Comedy"The Superintendent."War Pictures and PatheNews.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.To the wife of Mr. Oscar Gibbens,en Pleasant street, yesterday afternoon, an eight-pound girl. The mother was formerly Miss Mattie LeeJefferson.a feTHE LATONIA DERBY.The Latonia Jockey Club's spring"racing organization over whose destiinaugurated at the beautiful traoknestling among the hills of NorthernKentucky just across the Ohio Riverfrom Cincinnati in a manner leavingno room for doubting that the season will be the most successful in the35 years history of the progressiveracing organization over whose desti-.nies John Hachmeister presidesj tosuch good purpose.The season is scheduled to continuedaily until and including Saturday,July 13, on which day the valuableCincinnati Trophy of $4,000 addedwill be decided. The big day of thewhole season will be next Saturday,June 22, when the ? 15,0 00 LatoniaDerby, one of the very richest ofAmerican races for three-year-olds,will be run. It will be contested bythe best three-year-olds in trainingin America. The prospective field forthe race includes such stars, as theKentucky champion, Kenneth 'D. Alexander's Escobia; Harry PayneWhitney's Johren, winner of the famous Suburban Handicap at Belmont Park, New York, recently; Geo.J. Long's good colt, Freecutter, winner of the Cincinnati Trophy lastseason; Willis Sharpe Kilmer's Exterminator, winner of the KentuckyDerby at Churchill Downs lastmonth; T. C. McDowell's AmericanEagle: H. P. Headley's Duke of Savoy; H. H. Hewitt's Herald; Jefferson Livington's Aurum; former Congressman G. W. Loft's Cum Sah; S.K. Nichols' Big Enough; D. Raymond's Hollinger, and others. Thematerial available assures a sensational race and one well worth whilegoing a long way to see. Escobia "isthe anti-post favorite for the race, onthe strength of a series of startlingperformances, and Johren will beastaunchly supported second choice.1 M MTWELVE SPLENDID FOALS ATMARTIN DOYLE'S FARM.A PATRIOTIC DUTY.ori his -farm Saturday morning,breaking one of the small bones o hisright leg and cutting a severe gashIn the back of his head. He is rest-Mr. Hoover asked the Americanpeople to conserve on all foodstuffs.Mr. Garfield asked you to conservethe coal, McAdoo .ordered the railroads to eliminate all unnecessaryand to give governmenttroops right of way over everything.The heads of the great Coop & LentCircus, which comes to Paris, Tuesday, June 25, conceived the idea ofplacing their mammoth aggregationon especially built motor trucks,thus removing the possible chance ofMr. J. A. Butler fell from a fence 1 failur! reaching advertised dates,and at the same time conserving onlocomotive power.The railroads will not be asked totransport the mighty circus from city5ng as comfortably as could be ex-jto city, but instead the greatest ofSPted. all tented enterprises will be trans-v L"-B12er, MeX Sanders left Friday ported on ninety-six high poweredco spend the summer with Ins daugii- Wrtp i , ;i .,to. Mrs. Harris, at Jackson. He was monster auto trucks and trailerst accompanied by Dr. W. G. Dailey, PIany of the blS circuses "cut out"who returned Saturday. He left,Parade paraphanalia, and eliminated"Elder Sanders doing as well as could cages of wild animals, in order to'Ae expected, somewhat exhausted ' conserve railroad facilities and car"from the trip. j shortage. Not so with Coop & Lent'sMrs.. Charles F. Norton, libra- spectacular three ring circus, . mu-Tian of Transylvania University - at seum and menagerie. The collossaltiCxmgton, who has been spending abrief vacation with friends and rela-" trres in this city, has returned toXerlngton. Mrs. Norton will leave"tits week to enter the University of" - -Chicago, where she will receive a de-.gree at the end of the summer.-Mrs. C. B. Smith entertained airarty if young people at the Majestic Theatre, in honor of Miss ElizalethlMock, of Ashland. , Her quests"were Misses Esther and KatherineTaxr, Martha Purdy, Bush Allen,T&uline Jones, Alice McClintock, Elizabeth. Mock; Messrs. George Spen-- cer, Edmon'd Hurst, Samuel Martin,"Edward Martin, Fred- Hill and Wm.- X&yson.Dr. Kerr Boyce Tupper, of Philadelphia, delivered a patriotic lecture--t1.ke Methodist church Friday even-Inc to a crowded house. The lecture-was, of course, t;ood. The speaker-was the recipient of continued apjplause. He aroused considerable paicriotism, and all who heard him "were-Nud.tkef were there. Dr. Tupper isjiot'a stranger in Millersburg. HislaTg udie.cef vas 'due to the factv-ihat 'they knewHhey would gt-some-enterprise was enlarged in every department; new animals of everydescription wrere added, bigger andbetter sensational circus acts wereengaged, in fact Coop & Lent cantruthfully advertise -the grandest and(most complete circus in the world.First and foremost comes dashing,daring Dallie Julian, without doubtthe greatest bareback rider in America. Miss Julian thrills the audience with her remarkable feats ofequestrianism. Rhoda Royal's troupeof college bred horses that dance andprance; thirty-two furiously funnyclowas to amuse the kiddies, youngand old, countless numbers of aerialfeats, performed by athletes as didthe Romans of old, a great herd ofperforming elephants, . camels anddens of wild animals.The glittering, dazzling newly constructed motor parade will appear onthe principal streets, at 10:30 a. m.sharp be on hand, it will suiely beon time no disappointment on ac-j count of delayed trains.Mr. Martin Doyle, who has been aprominent figure for many years .inthe local turf world, has at his Sister Mary Stock Farm, nearv Paris,twelve splendid foals by his StarShoot stallion, Magneto, out of thefollowing mares, which have beenbred to him this year:Bay colt out of Mattie Glenn byOrlando; chestnut colt out of Margaret Roche by Orimar; chestnutfilly out of Mary Callahan by Handsel; chestnut filly out of Young Thistle by Eberlee; bay colt out of SisterAgnes by Order; chestnut filly out ofMary Doyle by Transvaal; chestnutcolt out of Fidget by Plaudit; chestnut filly out of Miss Thompson byGoldcrest; brown filly out of LuluM. by Masetto; chestnut filly out ofGo Anna by Mazagan; chestnut qoltout of Leaflet's Last by Kilkerran.feLET EVERY MASON BE A SAVERFOR THE WAR.To the Subordinate Lodges of Kentucky: The government is offering for saleto the people of the United Statesduring the year 1918 an issue ofThrift Stamps and War Savings Certificates, the purpose of which is toraise funds to assist in financing, thewar, and to render it possible thatevery man, woman and child in thecation may do their part in bringingthe war to a successful termination.For the purpose of selling theseStamps, War Savings Societiesare being organized throughout theState, and in each county there is aChairman who will be glad to furnishall necessary information.I desire to urge upon the Masonsof Kentucky the importance of buying these Stamps and doing everything possible to cause others to buythem. Our country is to-day facingthe greatest struggle of its existence and it is ihe immediate duty ofevery Mason to assist in every waypossible. I, therefore, request thatthis communication be read in eachof the Subordinate Lodges and that,wherever possible, these Societies beorganized.. .Let every Mason in Kentucky buyWar Savings Stamps.E. W. WEATHERS, -Grand Master.1ft feLWtMake everyday a thrift day andiieip your uovermuenr end tne .war I Sidays. - : -U: Jt iSTATE BAR ASSOCIATION TOMEET IN. DANVILLE.The annual meeting of the Kentucky State Bar Association will beheld Tuesday and Wednesday, July 2ana d, in centre College Chapel, inuanvine.The Hon. John W. Davis, of Washington, Solicitor-General of the United States will be the chief speaker onthe program, it was announced. Besides Mr. Davis, whose address willbe delivered Tuesday evening, several other prominent Kentucky barristers and business men are on theprogram for addresses.NOTICE TO, PROPERTY OWNERS.Many property-owners in the cityhave responded to the call made bythe Board of Health to clean outcesspools, vaults, surface privies, etc.,and many are awaiting the scavenger, who want the work done, whileothers are making no effort in thatdirection.The only way to keep Hawkinshere is to keep him busy. Othercities are seeking his services. Seehim personally, or call him, Cumberland phone No. 515, and leave yourorder.There must be a strict enforcementof this city ordinance. Any propertyowner failing to comply with this ordinance may find himself or herselfcalled to appear in Police Court.Please do not further trifle with theBoard.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of the Board of Health,Paris, Ky., June 3, 1918.(4-tf)STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock shippedSaturday to New York market 600lambs, also to Cincinnati 2 cars ofbutcher cattle.MOTORISTS TAKE NOTICE.State Headlight and Muffler Cutout Law becomes effective June 20,1918.Don't drive with glaring headlightsin town or county.Don't drive with .muffler cut-outany time or anywhere.Don't leave your car standingwithout required lights, both frontand rear.Obey the new law.than sorry.Better be safeRELIGIOUS.Rev. Dr. Richard Wilkerson, pastor of the Church of the Good Shepherd, in Lexington, loved and reveredin Paris, has received a call to thepastorate of St. John Church, inMontgomery, Ala., one of the oldestchurches in the South. It has amembership of over six hundred. Dr.Wilkinson stated Sunday that hewould go to Montgomery during theweek of June 23 to look over thefield. The congregation of theChurch of the Good Shepherd willdo all in its power to induce Dr. Wilkinson to decline the offer. Parispeople would also be glad to see himremain in Lexington.You can at least be in the secondline of defense be a war saver.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO' AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankGREAT REDUCTIONSIN SUMMER FOOTWEAR!INCLUDING WHITE SHOES AND PUMPSof every description, in most beautiful styles. Your personal Inspection of ourMen's, Women's and Children's FootwearWill Convince you of theGreat Bargains we offer.Buy your Summer Footwear now.1 im1 i VI iKS,liOVER -'EveryDepartmentis aBargain CenterLadies' most beautifulGray, Mahogany, Tan,Black and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.fii yuLadies' Canvas Boots and Pumps (t aqLadies' Mahogany Tan Colonette o jqPumps yoAVLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords io qqLadies' White and Grey Kid djo ft aPumps OmituLadies White Canvas Pumps jji jaMen's White Canvas Oxfords i qqMen's Tan and Black Shoes and o i aOxfords, good makes $J.WMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and tC AAOxfords, Walk-Over f DiUUMen's Gun Metal Button n jqand Lace Shoes .I5JBoys' Gun Metal Lace and i qq.Button Shoes . fl.99Men's Tan Scouts o oaat , $Z.Z4DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and EconomyReign'. ' iV2