fefc : ;??'rK ' 'Viri. ' ';-, - ' ,T. ' .''''"- -...' r '-." :--!t'4 '-.-tf'r,:Af.' 4iH--V f5.v A&V1 3-1- F."-' . 'J-vPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYTHE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUWTYr KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1918. - r1 ' ,SK" .; -Tjacyv. a,:j. i3 -.-.:,' J i ' 1 ' - - " "T 4- V -i -JKv ' ' -.!-. tl. .. w-, ' -. .,.. , wv ,:,aaaaaViflBV: .; .iMtt-vtt - fc m mmrnm- .mBSK .BV-SSI "SM.BB- -.SBI . K&B -VBK -rTm 'SSI p. '.SBBSKSB- BBBSaSB BBK, - V BS.BBV- SVDUUDUn nLYVD. .IN."SURRENDER OR REMOVE TJTOCHATS," SAYS PRESIDENTTO GERMANY.President Wilson has answeredGermany's latest note, regardingpeace. In brief, lie informs Germanythat' the only armistice he would feeljustified in submitting for consideration to the allied Governments wouldbe one which would leave the UnitedStates and the allied Powers in a position to enforce any arrangementsthat may be entered into and to makea renewal of hostilities on the partcf Germany impossible.' To this endthe President has transmitted hiscorrespondence with the present German authorities to the allied Powers."Not peace negotiations, but surrender," will be the "aemand, if the United States has to deal with the military masters and the monarchial authorities of Germany. The followingis the Associated Press story fromWashington:"WASHINGTON, Oct. 24. President Wilson has informed the Germangovernment that he has transmittedits correspondence to him seekingan armistice and peace, to the allieswith the suggestion that if those governments are disposed to effect peaceon terms and principles indicatedtheir military advisers and the military advisers of the United States beasked to submit the necessary termsof such an armistice as will fully protect the interests of the peoples involved. "He says that should such terms ofarmistice be suggested, acceptance byGermany will afford the best concrete evidence of her unequivocal acceptance of the terms and principlesof peace."The President's reply to the lastGerman note was made .public hereand svill be transmitted to Berlinthrough the Swiss legation immediately. "It says that having received thesolemn and explicit assurance of theGerman government that it unreservedly accepts the terms of peace andDrinciples enunciated by him and.that the desire to discuss the details-of the application emanated not fromthose who hitherto dictated the German policy, but from ministers whospeak for the overwhelming major-jity of the German people and havingreceived explicit promise that the hu-TtnejlesQLcjyUized, warfare wUlhe observed by tne merman anaeuforces the President feels he cannotdecline to take up the question of anarmistice with the allies."The President says that significantand important as the constitutionalchanges seem to be which are spokenof by the German, foreign Secretaryit does not appear that the principleof a government responsible to theGerman people nas been yet fully orpermanently worked out. He reiterates that the nations of the world donot and cannot trust the word ofthose who have hitherto been themasters of German policy and giveswarning that if the United Statesmust deal with the military mastersand the monarchial autocrats of Germany now or later, it must demandnot peace negotiations hut surrender." ik mm-COAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS,NOWS THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot 'Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. VThomas, Woodford & Bryan.GOOD PRICES OBTAINED ATWOODFORD SALE.There was a good attendance Tuesday at the sale of livestock, farmingimplements, crop, etc., by Mrs. C. S.Woodford, administratrix of the estate of her husband, Mr. Wm-. B.Woodford. The bidding was activeand spirited. The sale was conducted by Auctioneer M. F. Kenney.The following prices were reported byMr. Kenney: : ' .Yearling cattle sold at $10.50 to$10.75 a hundred pounds, cows atfrom $60 to $150 a head, calves 30a head, horses at from $50 to $100ahead, breeding ewes $16.50 ahead,uimuta w VJ.VV - .---yearling mules $125 a head, sows oto S40 a head, cattle snoaia j.u ?hundred pounds, hay in barn $18 aton, straw .a rick $20, corn standingin field $40 an. acre. Farm implementsbrought gopd prices.-;.i piA SPLEHDID LIKENESS.In the show 'window the The J. T.Hinton Co., there is on exhibition aremarkably life-likeness portrait inoil of Rev. W. E. Ellis, the popularP pastor of the 'Paris Christian church.The portrait was painted by Mrs.Hattie Hutchcraf t'Hill, n artist of morethan local .fanie.' The portrait is anexcellent one, and evidences, thegenius and skill of the artist. .Mrs. Hill has painted a number ofexcel ipnt TtnrtnLfta "motably those of, the County Judges of 'Bourbon, 'Ooun-Mch hang pntte wans LST .AWfflHHiSifflW, 101 .county, court room. a ? . Jttooms. iVTr' 7k - itecial' K '-striking teetiiae thTwtat'f; jmeiLtrtUrezb. oyster? direct from Jj.g ..,PRESIDENT WESSON PLATLYCOMMENDS STANLEYSCANDIDACY.WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 The"whole-hearted support" of WjoodrowWilson, President of the UnitedStates, goes out to Gov. A. O. Stanley in his campaign for the UnitedStates Senate.Anyone who doubts thistmay go toHickman, Ky., and call on the Rev.E. L. Miley, pastor of the First Christian church, of Hickman, who has inhis possession a personal telegramfrom the President expressing in unmistakable terms Mr. Wilson's desiiesregarding the election of Gov. Stanley. Here is the President's telegram:"The Rev. E. L. Miley, First Christian Church, Hickman, Ky.: I earnestly desire the election of Gov. Stanley to the Uinted -States Senate. Isupposed that my whole-hearted support of mm was well known throughout Kentucky."Exactly where the Republican papers in Kentucky are .going to landwith their claim that the Presidentis not back of Gov. Stanley is difficultto see.Not only has the President sent thetelegram mentioned above, but theCourier-Journal correspondent hasauthoritative information that thePresident stands ready and willing tofurnish anything in the nature of anindorsement that Gov. Stanley wants.In fact, it is known that the President will shortly repeat in anotherform the earnest wishes that Gov.Stanley be sent to the Senate to takethe seat left vacant by the death ofOllie James.The effort of Republican papers tomake capital out of the letter thePresident wrote Senator J. C. W.Beckham necessarily falls fiat. Theletter was merely .a letter wishingSenator Beckham good luck on hisdeparture for Kentucky to assist inopening the campaignTaking it for granted that everybody in Kentucky knew he was forGov. Stanley, the President did notattempt to go into details on the subject. Now he has expressed himself to-the Rev. Mr. Miley, and this will befollowed by statements which willshow with equal conclusiveness howhe feels toward Gov. Stanley and hiscandidacy.Another charge of the Republicanpress is that the purpose of GovernorStanley's recent visit to Washingtonwas to he beg an indorsement fromthe President, As a matter of fact,the question of an indorsement wasnot mentioned at the' half-hour conference .Glv... Stanley had with.thePresident,The President exhibited the keenest interest in the Kentucky situationand expressed sincerest desire for theGovernor's victory. .As indicated inthe President's telegram to Mr. Mileyboth the President and Gov. Stanleytook it for granted that the President was known to back Gov. Stanley jto the limit.Gov. Stanley, it was learned hereWednesday, has never applied ,to theWhite House for an indorsement.Nor have his friends made 'any effortin that direction. The President'stelegram to Mr. Miley went in response to an inquiry from Mr. Mileyas to the President's views regardingGov. Stanley's candidacy.m m m"CUT IXOWERS.dhoice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events", the sickor any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small:JO. -VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent. .BED CROSS 'TEA ROOM.Contributions of the following articles are desired for the Red CrossTea Room: Butter, milk, eggs,cream, chickens, tomatoes and othervegetables, ducks, old hams, pies,cakes, beaten biscuit, Sally Lunnbrown bread, ice cream, etc. If parties desiring to contribute any of thearticles mentioned cannot deliverthem at the Room, the ladies willsend for them upon being notified bytelephone, Home phone 240, where tocall. They especially desire smallfresh pumpkin pies for next Thursdaywhich is Hallow'een.- On that day the Rooms will be closed at noon, but will be open from5-30 p. m. on, when a "Hallow'eenSupper" will be served consisting ofdelicacies and substantials appropriate to the occasion. There will be,; fiifiiTiA.tlline' and othermuv, -- -- -. - WM.KHalloween amusement, an ut """will tena w imuvc mc v,-roHio Wallow'een.The Chairman for the week will beMiss Louise Wyatt, with tne ioupw-ing Stall 01 assiaiauus. iu trrbeth Tarr, Alice Rogers Clay, PatsyClark, Charlina Ball, Mrs. WalterBalby and Mrs. Brinch Meinertz.The menu for to-day (Friday) isOysters in any style; celery; chicken pie; Spaghetti au Gratin; kersbawVbeaten biscuit; headjettuce;.v- ir.e cream; cnuwia. ""trAmiav tTiA voune women serveda finecial Iried chicken dinner, thePrincipal ingredient, the chickens,having been donated by the membersofLeesburg Red Cross'. ChapterSii George Ellis, of The Cash andCarry Grocery, apnu. "ZJTfi:INFLUENZA SITUATION rfferaa.-MAINS '.'ABOUT THE SAME.""" "There have been no new developments of particular interest ta thepublic in the influenza situation here.Two or three new cases have been .reported to the Board of Health, andall those that have been previouslyreported are doing well. The Boajrdof Health and tne 'physicians.1 of tirecity and county have, the situationwell in hand, and it is thought hatthe threatened epidemic .will not materialize. " ' ' 'Dr. C. G. Daugherty, local HealthOfficer, stated"' yesterday that rttierewas nothing of special interest tbreport, and that the Board of 'Health isvery well pleased with the aspect ofthings as they are at present Hesaid that, as a. matter of course, thedisease had hot been stamped out,but that, the situation was'somewhatbetter than it has been. Dr. Daugherty also said that he was gratifiedto note the read compliance of thepublic with the regulations imposedby the Board with the view of ;safeguarding the public health, and thatto the spirit of co-operation the people had shown was due a. great dealof the credit for keeping down thedisease. He was very optimistic re?garding the prospect for the future,and said that in about ten days perhaps, the danger may have been passed. As compared with many otherplaces Paris- has been very fortunate,he stated, and it was to be hopedthat this good state of affairs wouldcontinue unabated.The damp weather of the past twoor three days has increased the number of colds and broncliial troubles,and it will be wise for everyone tokeep an eye to their personal welfare, and promptly treat the veryfirst appearance of a cold. If neglected it might invite the way to influenza or pneumonia.?a Pa mCHANGES IN EXPRESS PORCES.Several changes have been maderecently .in the office force of tireAmerican (formerly The Adams) Express Co., in this city. Mr. J. H. Hay,of Maysville, becomes night clerk",succeeding Mr. Horace Bartlettwhohas, been transferred to the deliveryservice in the city. Mr. Harry Slicer,of Nepton, has taken a position withthe Cmpany as transfer men.CUT PLOVERS.. .Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns' for funerals, weddings, socfilevents, the sick or any purpose. "whereflowers mazJ)e TisecL , Jvfotlft&i&ition given. all orders whether largeior small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.m m mPAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.P MIWE KNOWli W I. - I!: r llllAn Ounce of Prevention is Worth aPound of CureYour health and comfort are worth more than yourdollars. 'Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesFor Winter . ,are iust what vou need. If you suffer with cold feet, corns.K buoions or callous places youwearing I)r, Keed s Shoes,like cushion sole between thecrives that ease and comfortf: t dampness from creeping through the soles 01 tne snoes..uan oKins ana vici .rues, neavy ana lignt suiesv ' -$9.00 PER PAIRNettleton Fine Shoes Forj Winter Wearare now on display, and you will find the.- same dependableshoes in Russian Calf, Cardovan and Vici Kids, leathersthat have made the Nettleton the ideal shoes for the manwho wants style, service and comfort. . . : - . - ;$12 PER PAIRMITCHELL&Stetson Hats,-1. nil -Stein-BkSch Clothes ." BOURBON MAN ARRESTEDCHARGED WITH MURDER.Detectives Malcolm Brown andWaller Marshall, of the Lexingtonpolice force, came to Paris, Monday,and accompanied by Deputy SheriffJames Gibson, of this city, arrestedWi$ G. Kiserr son of G, Wat Kiser,and -Will Kearnsv also of this county,charged with the killing of DillardTudor, in Fayette county, Saturdaynight.' According to information at thetime the snooting? took- place near the.Hasrein numninsr station., on the Rus-i - . .sen Cave pike5, in- Fayette county.The details of the affair have notbeen learned, as attorneys for themen implicated advised them to saynothing 'for publication. Tudor wastaken to the Good Samaritan Hospital ,Mh Lexington, where he diedMonday night. He was employed onthe .farm of R. E. Tipton, in Fayettecounty., His dying' statement wasfaken a short time before he expired,kiser and ICearns, both of whom areabout nineteen years old, were takenJo Lexington and placed in the Lexington jail.r The examining trial' of Kiser andjCearhs was held before County JudgeBullock, in Lexington, yesterdaymorning. Kiser was held over to theFayette Circuit Court on a $2,000bond, while Kearns was discharged.Bond for Kiser was furnished by hisfather, Mr. George Watson Kiser, andids attorney, Judge Denis Dundon, ofParis, and he was ordered to appearbefore the Circuit Court.In a statement made by Tabor-toCoroner, Magistrate Dodd and Lieut,of Police Donlon, of Lexington, hesaid that he and a man by the nameof Levi Willis were driving down theRussell Cave pike from the Kearneyand, when they got to the concretebridge at Russell Cave, just below theHaggin pumping station, they werestopped by Allen Jones, a coloredman who worked-with them as a farmhand "on the Tipton farm. He saidthat Jones explained to them that hehad ridden out from the cross-roadswith two young white men who- werestanding by a buggy, while theirhorse was feeding. These two whiteboys who were with the colored manhad a supply of whiskey and askedTabor to take a-drink with them.Thev had several drinks and thewhole partey were getting intoxicat-iEhey .finally became involved in'rtmiriftTit. which, wound up m av, -0 .-- 7-- . I , .l Jfree ngnt,-in wnicn ne naa wiupyeuone 6f the.boys, neither one of whomhe knew personally. Taber said thatthe other boy then declared, "Myname is Kiser, and thate's not a d dman in the crowd that can whip me"and that he drew a revolver and shothim (Tabor.). This statement, thepolice say, was fully corroborated byAllen Jones.will find great comfort inand eventually tnese troumesouter and inner soles, which Sjjjto the foot, and keeps the iManhattan ShirtsKBLAKEMORE, ; IIN THE SERVICE OF THEEB- couitcSy.,Charles Belcher, formerly of Paris,where he was employed in the bakeryof H. X Greshe, died recently in aFranch hospital from wounds received in battle, xA J. a.Dr Elmer Swetnam, of Centerville,and Dr. H. B. Anderson, of Shawhan,will leave to-day for Ft. Oglethorpe,Ga., where they will report for dutyin the U. S. Medical Reserve Corps.Both have been commissioned asFirst Lieutenants in the service. -Sergt. Frank P. Benjamin passedthrough Paris accompanying the bodyof Corp. Curtis May to Fleming"county for burial. Corp. May died ofinfluenza at Camp Jackson, in SouthCarolina. He was a member of Battery A., 12th Regiment, Field Artillery at Gamp Jackson,Mr. and Mrs. Bailey, who residenear Millersburg, have received a letter from from their son, Case Bailey,who was reported in the casualtylists as "missing in action' YoungBailey stated that he had beenwounded and was in an army hospital in France, but was recovering andwould soon, he able ,to report to hisregiment for service.letters from Scott Woodford andBrooks Woodford, state that the former is with a machine gun companyand in the thickest of the fighting.Brooks Woodford is with the bigguns about a mile behind the trenches. He had just come out of thelines after seven days of battle. Hehad not taken off his clothes duringthe whole time. Both are well-;News has been received here of theserious condition of Dallas Keller,formerly of Frankfort, from beinggassed in France, where he was amember of the Ambulance Corps.Young Keller is a son of Dr. HeryeyKeller, of Frankfort, whose youthfuldays were spent in thiscity, wherethe family t esided on Vine street,and is a grandson of "the late Mr.Green R. Keller, editor ind prgprietor of the Carlisle Mercury. '"'"-Mr. Roger T. Thornton, of Lexington, who married Miss Louise Sullivan, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JerreSullivan, formerly of. Centerville, isnow employed, in the plant of theBuffalo, New York, Fargo Company,in making large fans of great power,which are used in the fighting tanksat the front. The air in the,tanksmust be changed, just as in & 'submarine, and these, great fans changeall the air in the machines everyfive minutes. Mr. Thornton is atpresent visiting his old home in Lexington. -fLieut. James W. Neal, of Paris, agraduate of Transylvania University,is in a French hospital,, recoveringfrom wounds received in, action. Ina letter tov President Crossfield, Lieut.Neal tells of a narrow escape. A-snellexploded within a few feet of wherehe was standing, hut by throwing hisbody forward, he escaped the worstof ftie discharge Lieut. Neal received his commission from the Officers'Training School at Ft Benj. Harrison, and was for a time assigned toCamp Funston, in Kansas. His regiment, the 137th Infantry, is a Kansas Unit.Private Joseph T. Moran, BaseHospital 115, Postoffice 751, American Expeditionary FQrcQS, France,has written to Paris and Lexingtonrelatives and friends, for information,of Thomas Moran, Jr., who was withWilliam Martin's facing stable atSaratoga, New York, when last heardfrom. Both are sons of the lateThomas Moran, formerly of Paris,and brothers of Mrs. James E. Craven, of Paris. Inquiry of Mrs. Craven yesterday developed the fact thareThos. Moran was S at. Laurel, Md.,.whfere he had been very ill with influenza. He .had been summoned toappear before the -Bourbon CountyDraft Board, but his illness prevented him from leaving the hospital atLaurel.Mr. J. Miller Ward, of near Paris,received a letter Tuesday from hisson, Lieut. Sam Clay Ward, inFrance, in which he described thethrilling scenes enacted in a battle inwhich his command took a prominentpart. Lieut. Ward stated that hisname must .certainly heN"Luck,M asevery officer in his command waskilled. The horse he was riding wasshot from under him, and he escapedinjury by a hairsbreadth. Lieut.Ward added that he was now jridinga German horse, with German saddle, bridle, and all the equipment.Among the officers killed in the engagement .was one who had VisitedLieut, Ward at the home of his parents, near 'this city, some months-ago.This was the first time Mr. and Mrs.Ward" had heard from their son formany weeks, and they had begun tobe uneasy as to his safety.' .Shortly after his arrival on Frenchsoil, a matter of "some weeks- ago,Albert Wachs, formerly of Paris; andone of. the Bourbon1 county contingentat Camp Taylor, wrote Mrs. S.. M,Turpin, pf .Paris, giving his Ihrprwsions of the niaces he had ' visitedeikn.. .port of . emb'arkatiok ijKtah&.MjfiT-r-' t J.t.i'1 TT LA- -i'.-. '!miXrxSSHA'Ammm- lav ay t-4 a -aa-ifi tiixi i i ot.ik iajk . juuvi.i&UpF,H' I1B.VT3 &U.UWU, MUtk.'! My- ." m. ,"'"-'rpoultry 10 sairaagThe Paris Realty & &Express to Camp Taylor yatfeAfigrJjfine soldier boys Uiirty-4bJr &Mehens and chickens, one fut jtuauand one glass of jelly, atf twiiover to JVIrs. Nellie Hig&fandl afcoalusixty dozen nice fresh eggy, irftfeaweVe donated and brouglfc f Ihiroffice-of the Paris Realty Comfaayfrjrthe following patriotic peojrfe pi.Bourbon county:Mrs, Shropshire, Mrs. George? SCatshalf, Mrs: T. W. Napier, Mrsv Bkvftt'Kennedy, Mrs. E. B. Kennedy, MracRufus Kenney, Mrs. Frank R&na&ett,Mrs. H. K Hough, Mrs. C. W. Phramer, Mrs. E. F. Poe, Mrs; JeMeLeach, Mrs.. Claude Fowler, Mrs. Eliza Maybrier, Mrs Wm. Etter, MrsvOtha Bays, M"rs: E. R. Sagerser, Mrs,,James Shanks,. Miss Lizzie and Margie Ryan, Mrs.' George 'Bbaz, Hk 'Sadie Fuller, Mrs. W- X Calvert, Mrs,J. J. Veatch, Mrs: Win. Ballard,. Mrs.B. C. Wheat, Mrs:- Rebble, Mrs. E. NGilford, Mrs. George Riggs, M. J. N.Teager. 'Mr. C. P. Mann wishes to thank:one and all for thefr liberal offerings,and especially Mrs: William Ballard,of this" city, and Mrs.t George Marshall, of the country, who took .aitactive part in soliciting and bringnyin the above. If there are any otherswho wish to donate to this cause,'he urges you to bring what you haveto the Paris Realty Cbs office onWednesday. They wiTT continue toship so long as the epidemic ragesamong our soldier boys.' Since she undertook the work, ofreceiving and shipping eggs, poultryand delicacies to the sickat CampZachary Taylor, Mrs. Nellie Highland has forwarded a total of onehundred hens and 180 dozen egg3 tothe Camp. These were contributionsfrom people all over the city andcounty. The response from thecountry people has been very generous and their assistance in this -respecthas been the means 'of gathering in a large lot of poultry and eggs.The recent contributors to the causeare as follows:Mrs. Claudia Petree, Miss Lucy. Petree, Mrs. A. P. Adair, Mrs. H. C.Parvin, Mrs. A. S. Thompson, Mrs.Dr. Ferguson, Mrs. Sallie Hedge, NMrs. Andrew Reffert, Mrs. John:Rffert, Mrs. Marion Day, Mrs. Julian .Frank, Mrs. Newton Taylor, Mrs."XB. Dempsey, Mrs. Edward Burke,Mrs. Thomas Roche, Mrs. M. J. LavixMrs. H. J. Santen, Mrs. Wm. Shrrite,Mrs. Mary Welsh, Mrs. James Shea,Miss Ellen Shea, Mr. and Mrs. JohnDean,. Miss Current, Mrs Janwa. 5filey, Mis. Thos. Redmon, iixaJlmm. ,Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Chas, Fisher,Mrs. George, Current, Mrs. WalkerKiser, Mrs. I. C. Haley, Mrs. AmbeTurney, Mrs. J. Frank Clay Mrs;'Dudley Rose. - ' 'INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco In-thebarn against fire, wfnd-starnv .etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.in time to celebrate it. Wachs is a,member of the 84th (Lincoln) Divis-r ,ion of the American ExpeditionaryForces, of which a number of Bourbon county boys are members. Herreports the boys all well and conterif-ved, and ready to do their share of thef iwork whenever and whereverthetcall comes. Since he landed on foreign soil Wachs has seen paxt3 ofEngland, .Scotland,- Ireland andPrance, and says he is confident thatBIG SHIPMENT OT EGhe will yet get a chance, to see somepart of Germany, possibly .Berlin, andthe palaces of the HotiehzoUeraaVand -Hapsburgs.xThe call to the colors under theilast selective draft of men btweeix 'the eges of eighteen and forty-iveincludes, in Fayette county, tfee 'napes of several Bourbon countymen who have been residing in Lexington several years. In a recentlypublished list of draft members ap -pearedthe name of James W. Grinnan, who for several- years conducteda harness and saddlery store in Paris,, PLieut. Rogers T. Moore, formerlyof Paris, who won his commission atFt. Benjamin Harrison, has. received' -apromotion to the rank of First Llen ?.tenant, and is now stationed at-dft.Sill, Okla. He is a son of Mr. ThoefE. Moore, Jr., formerly County Attor-ney of Bourbon county, and very pop-ular here. His friends are pleased to 5learn of his promotion in the service.'' .:. Captain H. N. Royden, command-'ant at the University of Kehtuckyv'1received a telegram from the WatD1.partmeht stating that all the sta-dents in engineeringmust remalm'-titcollege to complete, their course! aadcan not be used to' fill calls recerrecently for men to be sent to "officers"?;!training schools at Camp Pike,Arkansas; Camp Hancock, Georgia, aadiCamp Fremont, California. This rillaffect a number of Parisand Bourfeocounty boys'. ' '' iFurlouhs of S. A. T. C, men atthe University or JK.entuacy nave D,"lextended a week, or imtil NovemsW3,' by order of Captain 'HT. N. 'ltojfcden, commanding ofiser' as- the frifljt-eriza' situation is stillegarded js;.-;rious. Furloughs wfere- granted iropcj; iOctober?. 11, ven. .th spread, Qf ,gp,, jdiseaser among, the .soldiers; Arst'Meher;ha5 hewt: 3ggjcjfe'craasfciir mmmwmn 1, 4?Vw.-: 1I 4-ViLoi lijcWMK,r IV iWPpC''.-. 'n ' J- ru-.r. uaM'mikraKlmkmfcTI VPmMLJU. '-1 1 I'-- vsssk' svajp""Cjw- 'InIii t"'TVr . -. . . jj-t Li1.4!Ucl06e:atliam4, as'helanM;inr1aKtt,ftt "&VWOKU . fc, . - ,'1iV. i, WHW&ry f :. ,-. Y - .;AKA.S.K55iMHxsKssi:-:'Ir-W-V ,N.''j'?'?U' -" ': --.--,- k - - - . .St. Z . r-; - -' ',' , - ' V --, . -:------ . -- , . . t- - '. rf n ,--"f-!ty' ' .-VyP V'-;,;r"l -3"),-,THE BOURBON NEWSARIS, KY..vTWO4. 1v,FRIDAY, OCTOBER '25, llf-t1IE BOUPON NEWSJbtaMisked 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPiHished Every Tuesday anil FridayPr Year.. 2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable In Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gartered at the Paris, Kentucky,Foetoffice as Mail Matter -of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon, thefcaracter, standing or reputation oiway fereon, firm, or corporation whichjmr appear in the columns of THEBOOTBON NEWS will be gladly corroU4 if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertack for first time; 50 cents per inchMcfc, subsequent insertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per lineadtliaue; reading notices in blackjtypi, -20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, anddaflar matter, 10 cents per line. .Special rates for large advvertisewmfc and yearly, contracts.The right of publisher Is reservedto. decline any advertisement or othersMttrr for publication.ABnouncements for political officesmwst invariably be -accompanied bytbtJcash.&- This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for theperiod of the war- '- EDITOBIAL MUSINGS.!l- New Questions Ahead.The Senate proceedings bring outthe fac that at the end of the warwe are likely to have a merchantfleet' largerthan that of any otherouRtry in tne world a different relatlre.nosition than the one we heldat the beginning of the war. Thisfleet will be very largely owned bythe "Government, and it is a problemthai must be decided as to whetherwe re .going to sell the yards, leasethem or to operate them under Government ownership. Governmentownership crops up in every industrial problem..Another immense problem confronting -the Government and thecountry affects the manufacturingpia&ts and other establishments created, for war purposes, the -machineryfor which may or may not "be available for after-war production. It islikewise considered a subject for theimmediate present to decide what weare going Tb do with the millions ofWar-workers now so busily employedwkot'will find themselves out of employment when peace has been de--clarecl.'It appears imperative that"""tkejrovernment tmust take some ac-tronjjto protect ats war workers. TheGon&rgnent has an -endless number ofs'uiHHkgs now being" used for exclusivear purposes, and it must bedetermined what is going to be donewitiP'these buildings. What also isto '(done with the houses the Gov.erainent has provided for its war'work'ers? Surely all this vast equipxaent must siot deterioate or go in thescrar ,heap. At the same time theGOTnment cannot always "do itall."-. 'Private initiative must returnto.kar its burdens, for it is verydear that co-operate industry "willmoV:olve the problem and a wisemodern philosopher gives this reason: "Because inevitably the fewmust always lead and the many mustfollqw, which renders just co-opera-tieC impossible of realization untilhuman nature itself is changed."The Spirit of the Liberty Loan.Secretary McAdoo does everything.On.day he worked "our street, inWashington, and as the result of andoor-to-door canvas sold $1,800,000wofh of Liberty Bonds. When he gotthrough the Secretary commented:"It was great. I wish I had time togef;pjit and see everybody."The .fine spirit of the war workersis. Washington is of interest in-con-:sec$JoB.with the liberty Loan.Thousands of young women from allparte of the country who will challemit"the right f any restuarantprofiteer to overcharge them a jitney,pe& on their food, and who willflgikf like their ""Concord andfLexlngtom ancestors against attempts ofroom-renters to hold"them up, areplttsJclng -down their last dollar, andaaorcaging their future incomes, intWpurchase of Liberty Bonds. PerkaptTthis spiritidoes not differ much1 rvM. fchatwhich exists in every commsfLfty, buVthewhole young womanlbOJJ.'of theNation is represented bypeople forming the community of warworkers. at the National Capital. Andfaifee words of Mr. McAdoo1 therejtsoftfa girl amo&g tifcsra who is notottt'toj ire thftjJBaiser "anotherpdfc?' THey arV &uKking the bigbusiness' men, who -as voluntary warworkers pFthe jCapital, are splendidin meeting thefr responsibilities, toward the Government. ". 211 Are Working.To line up every Catholic force inthe United States behind the UnitedWar Work Campaign, seven representatives of the, National Catholic WarCourfcil have begun 50,000 miles oftraveling that must cover the entirecountry within two weeks. Thehead of every province of this churchfrom coast to coast will be visited bythese agents, who will lay before himthe plans of the National CatholicWar Council to rally eighteen millionCatholics behind their joint campaignfor funds with the K.' of C, Y. M. C.A., Y. W. C. A., War Camp -CommunityService, Salvation Army, JewishWelfare Board and American LibraryAssociation. .Dr. John R. Mott, ChiefExecutive of the Y. M. C. A.,is making a speaking tour of the MiddleWest to aid the drjve.James A Flaherty, Supreme Knightof the Knights "of Columbus, has asked every Council in the United Statesto send out speakers.The Jewish Welfare, Board hasthrown 4ts entire strength into thecampaign to help the boys who arefighting in .France.Looking To Our "Foundations.One has said that the ownerof a house in turning over his keysto his care-taker when departing upon a journey naturally expects1 thatboth the house and keys will be returned to him in proper order. Thusthe concerns that, have been thrownunder Government control, and all ofwhich are'doing their part in upholding the hands of the Government, arevery much interested in knowingwhat will be the permanent policy ofthe United States when military necessities no longer dominate the affairs of mankind. Just at presentAmerica is presenting a united frontthat 'knows no other purpose excepting "to win the war."However "it is well for everybody tounderstand that the Socialists, andthe other radicals throughout thecountrv, are leaving no stone un-1turned in attempting to, make Government control and regulation of industries permanent. There is apparently no thought of yielding tp theAmerican Bolshevists who are attempting to "put one over on UncleSam" while he is busy with the Huns.Democracy's Paramount DutyThe paramount duty of Democratsin this campaign is so plain that argument seems unnecessary and appeals useless. Fully realizing this,Senator Beckham and Gov. Stanleyhave buried their differences andshaken -hands across the bloodychasm, beg "all their followers to dolikewise by forgetting the past andlooking only for the future stand likea stone wall for unity and democracy.That the advice is being heeded appears on every hand as a harbingerof that glorious victory that cancome only by united effort. TheDemocrats have already made 'uptheir minds to elect Gov. Stanley andthe nominees for Congress and allhades can not prevail against the determination. Paithful Unto Death.Not' a week -before the hand ofdeath was laid on Gov. Jas. B. McCreary, he wrote to headquarters inT ntiipTnlla r-ffrir ct "Hies cannnocspeak for Stanley and the other Democratic nominees. No more honest andfaithful statesman ever lived nor ortewhose democracy was so full a part ofhimself as he who has just gone tohis reward.- If he could speak to thepeople from the other shore, hisappeal to "keep the faith as I did andby voting the Democratic ticket,stand by'your matchless President inthis crucial hur." .Can Present No Valid Eeason.There is not a single valid reasonTHIS WOMAN'SAVED FROMAN OPERATIONeBy taking LydiaE. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, Oneof Thousands of SuchCases.Black River Falls, Wis. "As LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundsaved me from anoperation, I cannotsay enough in praiseof it I suffered fromorganic troubles andmy side hurt me soI could hardly be upfrom my bed, and Iwas unable, to do myhousework. I hadthe best doctors inEau Claire and theywanted me to havean operation, butLydiaE. Pinkham'sBSSSSSbL.'tokSBSBaBBSBSSSSSSSBjBM'SSSBSbBSSSBBIBv BSSSShBSSSSSSaBSSSIrSvPHxBSSSSPwHR&'x'e&sSVegetable Compound cured me so I didnot need the operation, and I am tellingsll my friends about it" Mrs. A. W..Binze, 31ack River Falli, Wis. . 'It is just such experiences as that ofMrs. Bmzer that has made thirf amousroot and herb remedy a household wordFrom sesn to ocean. Any woman whosulfrf frominflammation, ulceration,flispUossssfiti, bftckachs. nervousness,irrsfttifritMS or "tlM' blues" shouldJsotitst'Xfttil sbslMSiven it a. trial,M-fsr special advice, write Lydia EPiskkam MdkiCs., LyxuvMass.-. vi w tpresented by the jRepublcan nominee!for tne .senate ana niHjsuppurujryiprhis election -The "only excuse for hiscandidacy is tha he wants the officean they" want a Republican, victory.They do not pretqnd that he is as wellequipped for the office as Gov. Stanley, nor that he could do more toward winning' the war, if elected,than he. If the Republican nomineewere equally as capable as the Governor, he would take at least two yearsto acquaint himself with legislationand begin at .the bottom, whereas theGovernor, with his twelve years ofCongressional experience would atonce become a power in the body.If Bruner were ten times as competent, there would still be no reasonto have a Republican succeed -SenatirJames and all things considered, itwould bea National calamity for himto do so. Stamp under the roosterand help send a real friend to support the President.jm feENGUSH 'COMMENT ON GEEMANYSREP1Y TO WILSONLONDON, Oct. 24. The Germanreply to President Wilson is regardedhere as "not .business, but niere argument and protestation." In government, diplomatic and political circles,the view is that it is Siot a reply, butsimply a resort to verbiage disignedto cover the absence of reply. Onehighly placed official described it as"badly comouflaged insincerity."The government has not consideredthe reply 'in detail, although PremierLloyd George and his colleagues heldprotracted deliberations.Henry Hindman, leader of theBritish Socialists, said: "The replyis simply another piece of shuffling.I hope President Wilson will answerit very abrubtly and b'riefly. Atany rate, he has given EmperorWilliam an opportunity to say that heand his people are one in the samesort of duplicity and treachery towhich we have been treated throughout the war.""Peace should be signed in Berlin," declared Lord Charles Beresford. "For a country that has beenbutchered, for other countries thathave been devastated and for the millions of women that "have beenwronged, Germany shall meet herdooni."Lord Northcliffe said: "The President, who dealt so firmly and shrewdly with the previous TJerman attemptsto entangle him in wordy discussion,may be trusted to "compel the German Government to, show whether itreally intends unconditional surrender, which alone can satisfy the de-mo-nila rf fho miliaTTr nxirl navn.l ail.luauuo vi. mv, 1HW.W..J " . .-'thorities of the Allies, or wnetner itsimply is playing for time."Newspapers, almost without exception, view the German reply withimpatience and distrust. "GermanyStill Impenitent," is the caption onthe editorial of the Chronicle, whichdismisses the reply as boviously inacceptable. "A monument of insincerity" is theway the Times characterizes the German reply.- The Times continues:"An armistice is to be had on termslaid down by the military and navalauthorities of the associated forces.It is not to be had on the enemy'sterms or upon any terms that leaveroom for subterfuge."According to the Express "the nigger in the woodpile" in the Germanreply is the desire "for an armisticebased on an elaborate estimate of therival forces as they are to-day." Thisthepaper says, is a "disingenuoustwist of the Wilson conditions."5PARIS, Oct. 24. The German reply to President Wilson is viewedhere generally as betraying morethan previous communications thestate of depression and the demoralization of theNGernan people as theresult of the Allies' victories. As awhole, the note is found to be soequivocal and tortuous and platitudinously phrased as to leave the dooropen for all sorts of quibbling. Nowhere is there evidence, in the reply of a genuine desire to accept theonly way in which peace can be Caneluded, according -"to xprdssion ofopinion here. On the contrary, allthat is apparent is the urgent desireof the German General -Staff to getan armistice-at any price in orderto reorganize its reserves of men andmaterial Therefore, it is gerenallybelieved that the reply is not likelyto be considered at Washington.The Fargo says that the men whocombined to write the reply to President Wilson have "translated the anguish, disarray and powerless angerof tne people in whose name theypretend to speak."The Matin "The German note isa typical document. In it are expressed the. sentiments "of a barbarous people who failed in a foray.There is not a word in the notewhich reveals the stoical strength ofwhich France and other nationshave so often given proof in misfortune." The Journal says the note seeks todivide the Allies.Col. . De Thomasson, in the PetitJournal: "The note is proof that theGerman high command considers thesituation of its armies most grave,but not yet desperate."L'Homme Libre. "The - Germangovernment is again trying to quibble." . vMarcel Caohin, writing in Humanite, says: "On every point the German government clearly shows an effort at conceliation. We may observe that a new step toward a justpeace has been made this day."W m fc-fTHINKS GERMAN'S SCHEME TOSPLIT ALLIES.LONDON, Oct. 24. The majorityof the House of Commons are hostile to Germanys reply, regarding itHasvan attempt to split the allies.Solf's armistice plan is -not sufficient, they declare. Tfie constitutional changes referred to they ?pointout, are contained in a bill whichJias not' yet been passed" hyr theReichstagvyFOR COLDS AND GRIPPiT1. 7f. -1DOCTORS ADVISEThe Improved Calomel Tablet fnatIs Entirely Purified of All"" Nauseating and Danger-ons Qualities.Physicians are. warning the publicagainst trifling with colds, influenzaand grippe. They say that a briskcalomel purgative, preferably Calotabs, the new and improved calomeltablet, should be invariably taken, atbed time and repeated the second orthird night, if necessary. In the earliest stages, -one Calotab is usuallysufficient unless the case is" particularly-severe.Physicians say that it is a' wasteof time and is dangerous to experiment with other laxatives, as calomel is absolutely necessary sooneror later. One -Calotab on the tongjieat bed time with a swallow of water that's all. No salts, no nausea.nor the slightest" interference withdiet, work- or pleasure. Next mbrn-fing your cold has vanished, wholesystem is purified and refreshed. Calotabs are sold only in original sealedpackages. Price thirty-five cents.Recommended and guaranteed bydruggists , every where. Price .refunded if you are not delighted.(adv)?6S l!Si PEHUNS DESERTING THE BELGIANCOAST TINE..LONDON, Oct 24. Germany hasapparently lost the whole of the BeKgian coast, ,which for four years nasbeen the base of submarine and aerialattacks against England and Englishshipping. 'Oste-nd has been taken, Lille hasbeen occupied, Douai has fallen to theAllies. 'Belgiansare reported to be inBruges which is only eight milesfrom the Dutch frontier.German forces, defeated and virtually demoralized, are said to be infull retreat toward Antwerp.Over a wide section of the front inBelgium and northern, France, theBritish, French and Belgian armieshave swept forward with relentlessspeed, pressing rear guard detachments left-behind by the Germans toretard pursuit.Ijmmense quantities of materialshave been captured by the Allies, andthe .number of prisoners taken issteadily mounting.Keeping step with this movement,although at a slower pace, the alliedforces further south have been moving ahead..From reports, it would appear thattwo American contingents are operating on a front eastv of Camrai and St.Quentin. One is working with theBritish and aiding in the advanceinto the German defenses east of Le03.163.11The other is with the French" andis materially assisting in the attemptto smash in the right flank of theGerman salient northeast of Laon.In both these regions, the Allieshave found German resistance verystubborn, and have been forced tofight their way ahead in the face ofwithering gusts of bullets and shellsfrom the German armies, which haveapparently turned at bay.It is probable that east of LeCateau, the Germans are standing onthe line of the defensive zone established to support the Hindenburg system which is now gone.Further south the enemy is evidently holding, the Allies at bay untilthe forces retreating from the Laonsalient can make their escape.A BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know that a beautiful woman .always has a good digestion? Ifyour' digestion is faulty, eat light-ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)TREES!yWe grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Bawn and Garden." FRtfE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer &SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.DoYou NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical- grounds, not to rerommendclasses unless yon need them. vAskyourself these'questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does " type sometimesblur? Do Usee spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown 'good, for over-strain- repeatedlyday by day will break dpwn the delicate, nerves andjnuscles of the eyesand irreparable Injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite.,20 5-6. First National Bank.Ti.it. mji i f " ' 2 -auiu jruofltjs,"PariiKjr..SATS GESXAN' REPLICAVA- v' LONDON, Oct. 24. Lord Northcliffe, speaking at a luncheon in theAmerican Officers' Club here to-day,characterized the German reply asan attempt to gain time and confusethe issue. xFound.On the Maysville pike, near theresidence of Mr. -Jesse Turney, Sunday a pair of old-framed spectacles,in leathercase. Owner can obtainthem by calling at THE NEWS office,proving property, and paying advertising charges., For RentCottage of four rooms on. Winchester street Has gas, electric lights,bath and all modern improvements.Apply toMRS. MARIA LYONS,(18-tf) No. 9 IS Main St.WANTED.Kitchen Range and Gas HeatersMust be in good condition.phone, 127.MRS. RICHARD BUTLER.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WD3ES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.fCumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)LOSTA white pointer bitch, witH tanears. Liberal reward for her return or information lading to her recovery. Notify Bush Bishop orErnest Martin. (ostl8r-tf)Hay For SaleAlfalfa and Clover Hay, Baled.Delivered in Paris in any quantity.Cumb. Phones 540 and 997.Home Phones 79 and 247.(18-3t)WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe. pay from ?2. 00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We alsq payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Semi atonce by parcel' post and receive- cash Jby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,1 Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be 'obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundredpounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron S1.10 per hundredBounds. 'Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper,4 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.- Lead, 6c per pound.'Zinc, 5jc per pound - 'Aluminum, 24c per pound.. Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, "$6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.vFull Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.NORTHCIIFEEimlfrTSdKh.wifir-j '-PUBLIC SALExStock and Farm Implements!Having sold (my farm on the Bethlehem pike, I "will offer at publicsale on 'Saturday, October 26, 1918,at 10 o'clock a. m the following:All my thoroughbred stock;About 40 ewes and two bucks;100 head of hogsr big and, little ;3 work mules;2 first-class muje colts;1 good work horse;All farming implements, plows,everything used on farm. N ' 'TERMS $25.00 and over, 6per cent, interest; all sums, underGeo D. Speikes, Auctioneer.- 4ForSaleJBuick Roadster 191 g'modsl.Tirstclass shape. Good as new.-1 5-horaFairbanks-Morse portable-engine.' 1. D. THOMPSON.Typewriter Wanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tfFOR RENT.Furnished rooms with all modernconveniences." Call at Busy Bee CashStore. ' (15--),i.Public SaleStock, Crop andImplements.Having sold my place, the Hill TopStock FarmQii the Maysville pike, atMiHersburg, I will sell at public auction on tha-premises, onFriday, Oct. 25, 1918,beginning"at 10 o'clock, the followingstock, crop and farming implements:2 good mules; . t2 good draft mares;2 mule calts;1 three-year-old sorrel drivingmare; ,1 aged driving mare, lady broke;2 good Jersey milk cows; ' '40 sheep;10 1-year-old steers;1 Poll Angus bull; ,8 'brood sows;1 Poland China boar; "46 shoats;1 new two-horse wagon, frame and'bed1 ,new mower;1 Randall harrow; ' '1 feed sled;1 spring wagon;1 road wagon and harness;4' sets, of work: gear, practically;new; -2 iron kettles;2' grind stones;1 sausage mill;1 new scalding box? never used;1 new marker;1 cutting box;2 one-horse cultivators;100 dozen bundles sheaf oats;100 shocks com in field;10 tons' loose clover hay in barn;:1 new fencing machine;1 cream separator, good as new;Lot of .nice chickens;1 tarpaulin;2 incubators.Breaking and double shovel plows;,shovels, hoes, diggers, drills, rakesall kinds of farm tools, lot of chicken coops and many other articles toonumerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day orsale.J. A. FARRIS,Millersburg, Ky.(22-25oct)Public SaleOFPure Registered DuroeJersey Hogs aidOther Stock.They will be sold at public auctionon myfarm, located on the Clay andKiserton pike, one mile- south ofEwalt's Cross- Roads, onTuesday, Oct. 2a, 1918,These animals have been describedin sale bills "and descriptions of thestock will be furnished on day of sale.Will also donate one of my bestDuroc gilts to be sold for benefit ofRed Cross, "to help win the war."TERMS Four months time, with5 per cent, interest from sale date.A. P. ADAIR, -R.F. D. 6,. Paris, Ky.,Home Phone (Shawhan Ex.) 24.(octl8-22-25)f 'OFvw -harrows,rollers, bull rakes andmonths, negotiable$25.00, cash.note, bearing 6KAMI DOYLE,ParisKy,flI 7 vr:'u-vi? viS' 2XjChM"Y? . .HVfT-. u -zsr t- .'r vr fvXiv r"VV'4.,-X AfZ4ss.' t.i"j&jgTBs;.L j- T. . ji'. .N'r fcRiDAY, OCTOBERS, 191?."THE MUKJKMf 1WW8,S'T"''yjirfir . ' -- )"v r- r-m- i -X. MM VimIIIIIIn n nm m m fa w h m m m m is i m m m m h m Mm mLETTERS FROM; BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORS .'Mrs. G. F. Collins, of Scott avenue,received the following letter recentlyfrom her husband, Private G-. F. Collins, who is in France ,wih the American Expeditionary Forces:"Dear Wife: I am very well at thepresent timejind am getting alongall right now," I had a few hard days,hut things are better .now. I haveseen lots of this countryv (France)since leaving the States .1 wouldhave written to you sooner, but I hadthe hardest kind of time in gettinghold of paper and envelopes, and wehave been moving about so much.Honestly, I haven't been in one placelong enough to write. I don't thinkI will have an opportunity to writevery often now, for 1 am near thefront, and I rather think I will havesomething else to think about. . . .Have the boys been drafted into theservice yet? I suppose they haveclosed the factory about this time..1 have been transferred from theinfantry to the 'machine gun company. I will have some hard workto do, but that is nothing more thanI expected, and am willing to do myduty, whatever it is and wherever itis, in the very best way I can andthat's the only way a Kentuckianknows how to do anything to do itright and do it well and do it so itcounts. The time has come now whenI can do something for my country,and that country shall never have itto say that I failed to respond....From what we learn over here I amgoing to get to see you in a fewmonths at the very least. . . .1 amgetting plenty of good, -wholesomefood and plenty of work, and have nocomplaint. Uncle Sam is mighty,mighty good to his boys, and that isthe reason they are working themeelTes on this job of putting the Hunsout of business Well, I guess thisis about all will get a chance to writethis time, but I will try to steal alittle more time for the next one.Tell all the folks .not to worry aboutpie, for, like tens of thousands ofother boys in this country, I am getting along all right. My addressnowis as follows: Machine Gun Co., 356thInfantry, American Expedrty Force,France. With love, I am," "FRANK."and yourself but, wait a minutewere you on the right side of the ballgames, or were you a Cub rooter?Good night, dad, and love to all."Lovingly Yours,"PVTE. BERNARD J. SANTEN,"Battery B., 149th N. L. F. A., American E. F., Via New York."From the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, wliere he is stationed ina clerical capacity in the main officeof the Administration Building, Jas.M. Templinformerly of Paris, -writesto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. T.Templin, in this city untler date ofOctober 19, as follows:"Dear Father and Mother All ofthe boys but one have gone out onshore leave and r thought therewould be rto better time than thepresent to write you while all isquiet.... The Great Lakes NavalBands have all returned to the Station, and when I was comingdown towork this morning I was much surprised to meet these consolidatedbands forming one great band of fivehundred pieces, and take it- straightfrom me they made 'some music'They all marched down in front ofthe Administration Building, wherethe usual fiagraising was carried out.I think it was one of the most beautiful 'and inspiring sights I have witnessed since I have been here, to seeOld Glory going up while the greatband played 'patriotic airs, and in alldirections the "sailors stood as stillas statues, at salute. I tell you itmakes those queer funny feelings'travers your spinal column. Unlesspossible so that "you 4 can answer, asI' will be anxioua to hear from you.v ". . . Give air my friends nay best regards, and tell them X -would like towrite to each one of x them, but that;would of course be impossible. . . .Well, there comes the bugle -call, so Iwill have to close. With love. I am"Devotedly Yours,"P.WAPT.'RS."K i:Mrs. W. H. Fisher, of this city, isin receipt of the following letter fromher son, Capt. Neville Fisher, a formen member of the Bourbon countybar, who" enlisted in the service ofUncle Sam while engaged in the practice, of law in St. Louis. The letterbears date of 'Sept. 24,. and is averyinteresting one. - The letter follows:"Dearest Mother: It has been several weeks since I had an opportunityto write to you, but these have beenrather eventful weeks. I went 'overthe top' with the company on September 12 th in the great Americanadvance, known as the battle of St.Mihiel sailent. I think our companywent into the fight under the mosttrying circumstances or any organization engaged. We had been holdingan important sector of jthe front linefor more than a week in trenchesknee-deep in mud and water. Aftermidnight we were relieved from thisposition and marched to anotherplace where we were to jump off.,"We arrived after the .preparatorybombardment had started and tookup our positions, where we had afour hours' wait in the mud and ram.The scenes following are never to beforgotten. , The flashes from hundreds of guns lit'' up the clouded skieslike sheet lightning, ,and the noiseresembled a violent thunderstorm.Shortly before five o'clock the barrage behind whj.ch the infantry wasto march was laid down on the enemy's front line and the rattle of machine guns firing ovr our heads foradditional protection J)egan. At fiveo'clock we moved out. I had intendedto inarch between the two lines qhecompany, but in the noise, darkrfessand confusion it became necessary forSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.,Comings- and Goings N of OurPeople Here, Ther6 andElsewhere.you are in uniform you can't appreciate what-that flag stands for, and wevme to go forward and lead the boysMr. Henry J. Santen, of Scott avenue, recently reeeived -the followingletter from his son, Bernard J. Sen-,ten, formerly of Paris, who is now inthe service somewhere overseas. Theletter was written on Sept. 27. In itMr. Santen says, in part:"I have iust received your letter iwritten Sept. 8th, and I was glad ffuI had come to the conclusion- thatsomething was wrong as I had notheard from home but once since leaving the South, outside of the letterfrom Sister, which, was receivedThursday night. I can't imaginewhat ever became of the one youwrote from Dan Jordan's, as it, likethe box from Harry James was certainly mailed in plenty of time tohave reached me before we left theStates."This is the third camp I have beenin since arriving here, but we are at2ast settled, and will be here untilthe time comes for us to leave for thefront, whjch will be as soon as wehave finished our training with theFrench- 7o's, which are the kind weuse. Our first camp waat (deletedtoy the censor) where we arrived on'Sept. 8, and we -were there untilSept. 25th. We marched from (deleted by the censor) to this place, adistance"of twenty-two miles, in sixhours actual marching, and I Wasn'tone bit tired when the journey wasover, as I am getting stronger everyday, and can stand twice as much asI could before leaving home. 1 nowweigh one hundred and sixty-eight, pounds and am getting heavier every(month. So, tell Henry ana Hermanto look out when I come back, as Iwill be prepared to give them a hardscrap, which I would not have beenable to do before going into the army."This is a fine camp, and is fixedup with nice barracks. We havestraw mattresses to sleep an, placedon iron cots, and the best I have hadsince leaving Camp Taylor. We havealso nice hot showers where one cantake a nice hot bath, so, all in all, Ilike the place just fine, and am perfectly contented with everything. Weare getting our first lessons with theguns, and I do hope I can fit myselffor a position on the gun squad, asI want to,be where I knoweach shotthat I help to send into the Germansis making the tipne shorter for a glorious triumph for Uncle Sam. Ofcourse, anything I would do would behelping that, but I jut want to bewhere I will be in some active partof the game all the time., "If you wilt go to the Red Cross atiinmo vnn pan find out if anythingcan be sent out now for Christmas, ,and if it can be done, then I wouldlike to have a box with some good ,things to eat in it, and some Sonadas,so please find out what can be done.,I have plenty of woolen clothes to dopne this winter three sweaters, ahelmet, and -four pairs of woolensocks "We will no doubt be herea couple of months more or less andthen we will, 4)e ready for action.'All ofc us axe wishing for a chanceto show the stuff we are made of. ...As we-are not permitted to tell verymuch, you wrli havVto guess the bestvou can about where I am, and whatis Vgoing on The more I see ofFrance the better! like it and thefurther inland we go the prettier thecountry becomes. But at that I wouldnot trade an acre of good old Kentucky bluegrass land for the whole ofit, and I believe that is the opinionof all the boys."Tell all who ask about me that lan in the very best of health, contented and happy, and that it won t" "be so very long before it is all over- and we will, be coming back home,ar ii-.iritie' licked old Kaiser Billt nrt Hr lumen, to a frazzle. . . .Withlove to 'all, and especially to. motherconsider it a privilege to fight for itand back it with every ounce of ourbeing. The boys back home don'tknow what' they are missing, for,some day the soldiers and sailors arecoming back home and then we willsee who has that funny feeling. I'llventure to say that it won't be thesailors and' the soldiers. ""One of my friends, by the name ofCarrington left this morning for asix-days' furlough. He broifght overa.big cake and a box of candy for mefb stand sponser for in his absence. Iassured him that I would do it justice and that all I asked was for afair trial. He lives in Detroit, Mich.,and is an expert accountant, and one.of the finest chums I have run across..... Work has been unusually heavythe past few days, as we have sentout about three thousand men asfiremen, machinist mates, quartermaster and second-class aviation,londsmen, electricians, third-class andhospital apprentices. In fact, therehas been a heavy drain on the Station'from five of our naval bases."EJyerything in Chicago and Milwaukee has been closed up on accountof the influenza scare, but the Station as a whole is practically free ofthe disease .... There is a serumwhich the army and navy are usingwhich is said to practically eliminatethe disease, but the unusual part ofit is that if an overdose is given itwill merely make the patient sick,but if an underdose is injected it isapt to prove as fatal as the diseaseitself. So you see it is quite a'jobfor the doctors to judge accuratelythe requirements for each patient."Well,, it is now nine o'clock, orsix bells by naval time, and as I hearthe tramp of the office employes passing along the" hall by Any door ontheir way to the barracks, I mustnow close, and put off to the futurewhat I shall have to write. Hoping Jto hear from you soon, I am,"Your Devoted Son,"JAS. M. TEMPLIN."Mrs. Charles D. Tackett, of Paris,has received a letter from her son,Private Charles .Tackett, of Paris,who his been in France for sometime. Mr. Tackett was for some timeassistant ticket agent at the Louisville & Nashville office in -Paris. Inhis letter, which was undated, hesays:"Dearest Mother: wen, nere i amstill somewhere in France, and stillwithout an address. I can't say whenI expect to have one, but let us hopeit will be some time in the nea future. It seems years since I haveheard from you or any of my friends."Mother, I am real lucky in seeingboys that I knew in. the States. Today I saw a couple of fellows that Ichummed with, when I was at Ft.Thomas, and I also saw an old friendthat went to the M. M. I. the sametime I did. But I saw him in England, not here. It sure does make afellow feel good to talk, to an oldfriend. ..'.The part of France I amnow "in is sandy and it has been raining all the time, but still we are veryfnrfahiD and we have no complaint to make Mother, t carryall the letters that I have receivedfrom you in my shirt, and if I haveread them once I have read them ahundred times, and I expect to readthem a good many more times 1-imps the new draft will get a goodmany of the boys andanany men fromaround Paris, and that they are beginning to go to the camps by now.I don't think they'll ever see serviceover here, for the Germans are beat-,en, and badly beaten now, but it isgoing to take those squareheadsabout three months to find it out after all the rest of the world knows itto be a fact. They are surely a wood0TthppriPd hunch. I guess you see alot of peaces talk in the papers, but Ido not believe peace will be made onpaper. The only way will be to fightit out, and that won't take muchlonger. It would not surprise me ifthe war is over by the time you receive this letter, and by Spring ourtroops will begin to v return toa or?no The next time Edwardcomes over tell him to tell Mr. Wn V.Shaw that his former assistant w4msoon be back ready to take up the oldHiab. . . .Mother; wnen i- set uy m-I ,i t .m write to vou as soon as(mews x v - -So I had the honor of leading themover the top of the enemy's trenches."We wereySoon fired on by a machine gun that held us up for a fewminutes, but we soon closed in on itand took its crew prisoners. I am notpermitted to make any report of thecasualties. I suppose we shold havekilled those machine gunners, as thatis the custom where they hold out tothe last, but we spared them, and Icannot say that I am sorry for it.From there we pressed on throughthe woodsy meeting little opposition,but being always exposed to the fireof the German artillery During theday the company took over one hundred prisoners. About two nightslater we had a miraculous escape; butI cannot give details. I cannot yetunderstand how it was possible thatLwe returned alive, except that Providence was on our side."During the first day I rammed apiece of barbed wire in my hand, butoutside of that I have beem unscratched. I had always heajd thatwhen the pinch came I wouldpshowa yellow streak a mile wide, but fortunately I was composed and was notconscious of fear or danger. I suppose it was because my mind -was sooccupied by other things that I didnot have time to realize my own danger. I am so hampered by the censorship rules that I cannot write ofthe incidents as I should like to. Iam sending you a clipping from TheStars, and Stripes, an army paper,which will give you a general description of the battle. It was a greatexperience, and I am glad that I hada cnance 10 laite yau iu it. j. xo.you would send the clipping to Eva,as this is the only copy of the paperI have. The Americans have beenmuch complimented on their yictory,and deservedly so. Oui division wasespecially distinguished."I am writing this by candle lightin a captured German dugout, andeven now the artillery is bangingaway on both sides. . ..1 would liketo see'Owen Fisher, and will try tolook him up as soon as f get a chance.I have already lost the address yougave me We have been throughmany physical discomforts since thefirst of September, but are more comfortable atpresent. Outside of a fewminor ailments I am all, right . . S . Igot -a bath and a change of underwear this afternoon, and as this wasI the first one in about tnree weens jlfeel much improved 1 hope youare all well and that -before manymonths I will be back with youagain. With a world of love to youall, I am,"Affectionately Yours,"NEVILLE C. FISHER,"Captain 355th Infantry, AmericanExpeditionary Force, France."fv Mr. ana Mrs. James Fuller, ofDayton, Ohio, are in Paris forv a visitto relatives, vMr. John Skillman, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, is ill' withgrippe atN his home.Mrs. W. A. Wallen has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Nannie B. Hart, in Midway.:Miss Katie Napier has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Nadine McClureat Crab Orchard Springs.Judge H. Clay Howard is in NewYork City on a business mission. Hewill be gone several weeks.Charles R. Walls and ElmerBoardman have returned from an extended stay at Dawson SpringsMr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.J. R. Williams; at Murfreesboro,Tenn. "Miss Lutie Crowe has returnedto her home in this.city until the influenza ban is lifted at Berea College,where she has been attending school.Mr. Richard H. Wills has returned from a business trip to Eastman,Georgia. Mr. Wills recently sent alarge consignment of horses ,to thestock market at that place.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Higgins havereturned from Dayton, Ohio, wherethey have been residing severalmonths, and are guests at the homeof SMr. and Mrs. Charles V. Higginstnear this city.Mr. and Mrs. Wolfof d Ewalt andlittle son, Wolford Ewalt, Jr., oflStoner avenue, and Mrs. SamuelEwalt, have gone to Johnson City,Tenn., for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Robert Wolford.Mr. Joseph M. Hall has returnedfifom St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where he has bee'n a patientfor several weeks. Mr. Hukill underwent an operation at the institutionsome time ago for appendicitis.Mrs. Wm. C. Ferguson, who hasbeen a guest of relatives in this cityand county, has returned to her homein Atlanta, G,a., called there by theserious illness of her mother, Mrs.John W. Pridemore, of Hutchison.Miss Genevieve Mahaney, formerly of Paris, who is now a residentof Washington City ,x is a guest offriends and relatives in this city.Miss Mahaney holds u position in theWar Department at the NationalCapital.Mrs. Nellie Holliday Valentine,who has been a guest atthe homesof her sisters, Mrs. George W. Judy,on Twelfth street, and Misses, Holliday, on Eighth street, will leave tomorrow for her home in Newv YorkCity.- Prof. J. S. .Johnson, formerlyprincipal of the Parisv High School,now residing in Tennessee, was a visitor in Paris this week. Prof. Johnson was enroute from his formerhome, Decatur, 111., where he hadbeen to make arrangements for moving to his new home in the South.William Hostetter, Clem Dem-faree, Kicnara Mcureaay ana ijeorgeYoung, members of the WinchesterBoy Scouts, paid Paris a visit Tuesday, making the trip on foot. Theywere accompanied by Prof. Murphy,their Scoutmaster. The party spentthe afternoon in sight - seeing,and returned to Winchester over theL. & N. Tuesday night.(Other Personals 'on Page 5.)1 mf &l tit -iin i n im -.i .. - kY i i . r " ".URTHMOK-M(STSThe Autumn Wei worths Are" Here and the , Price , isuStill Unchanged'Here's an announcement of which we are justly prouefor it evidences many things about which a real servicegiving store has a right to feel proud.Firsts it stresses the point that we wiH keep prices aslow as we can as long as we can ,Second, it proves the benefit to the consumer of ourintimate Go-operation with worthy manufacturers.,-Thirdly, it exemplifies-a style service, which brings us vthe new styles first, the same styles on the same day asthey first appear in the recognized style centers of thecountry. '-These Welworths, are still priced at$2.00. They now and for manymonthspast have represented valuesthat would warrant a much higherprice. JBefore the end of the present year the price must inevitablybe increased to 2.50.. t;s-WE AEE SOLE DISTRIBUTORS FOR THIS CITY ORTHE WELWORTH AND WIRTHMOR THE THRIFTBLOUSES OF AN ENTIRE NATION.WOLF ,WILE & CO,LEXINGTON, KY.i isa isWHAT TO EAT WHEN YOU HAVEA COLD.as soneM1CKIE SAYSrtO, SR MICHAEL O'BRIENnou CAvrr go dovjn o nueTRAIN TO GTHR KJENSHEMS FO THE PA?Efc,FOnoure qon7 to churchwYth me. smoulp Thinv;VOU'O tfBT EMOOCrWOP THMPNTlN0r OFFICE DURING-1THE VYCEK NTHOUT HftMlNGrVT ON NOUR NlN AU.DMPrevalence of influenza in Washington, D. C, has meant that something must be done towards feedingthose confined to their rooms with noone to care ior tnem. rne experimental kitchen of the United States FoodAdministration has promptly goneabout this work, sending out quantities of soup, custards, milk and crackers every day. ;- ,These are just such foodsshould eat during the first stages ofa cold. The faat that colds may turn.into something worse, especially during such an epidemic as the present,'should be sufficient wanting to anyone to call a doctor at oncevand becareful to eat nroperly, that the coldmay be quickly thrown off.During the first few days eat alight laxative diet of low fuelvvaliie,letting hotrlemonade or orangeade,hroths or gruels with crisp toast, baked potatoes, mild stewed fruits andvegetables and milk be the chief articles of diet. This should be followedvith a diet of ordinary fuel value andthen as soon as the cold seems to be"broken," by one of higher fuel valuethan usual so as to aid the body mrecovering.VOUD GET ENOOOrH-OF 1MW Cif- iTHE WEEK NTHOUT HftMlNGr( VT ON NOUR NlN AU. JSUNttfeMJJ . iirfllHlnpj , "?a A1 ISEEING THE SIGNS OF AP-PEOACHING DISSOLUTION !.Geneva, Switzerland, Oct. 24.Peace must not be delayed a singleday on account of the Hohenzollernsif they are an obstacle fo it, declaresthe Volks Freund, of Karisruhe,which also is permitted to speak ofthe disappearance of the superstitiousbelief that the Emperor was chosento rule by divine right.The Schwabische Takwacht sayseverybody is convinced the allies willnot accord Germany a cheap peace,"but if the glory and flower of Imperial Germany isthe price, the German people are ready to pay."'In permitting such' items to leaveGermany the German censorship apparently is preparing public opinionfor coming events.TURKEY PRICES TO SOAR.and geese for the Thanksgiving Dayturkeys in order to supply the men ofthe army and navy with turkey dinners is urged on the public by marketexperts. The Government" has "contracted for tne entire, supply 'of coldstorage turkeys, it is said, and hasalsp arranged to purchase most of,the fresh killed fowls.Consumers who insist upon turkeyfor -their Thanksgiving dinners- willbe complled to take thir chances ina scantvv market, and tlie prices, itis predicted, will soar sky high.1'TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon County-y-. Iriiil-A All V''Vft-tf'cv rf" ' rV - v ' - --,. rDouroon county to see- - j" j-- the WonderfulCLEVELANDVI( sITRACTOR'IV.---If you. are interested, in Abetter andmore economical farming, cornel inand see wha;t tnis littleis doing forotners. - L!wonder.yWe Can Demonstrateit to -You ;Ahy Day"s -J"fBALL, MAGECor. Fourth nn PIest St,C. 5'Vm V "xIIII1II-3KiK -.III.IIIIi-IIKIIXIXIXIXIB'' I - ' . kt ' "yi vui'A r 1 ,- r v. iy--' N i " -" V '"Am bouebon itwtejR .nIiHimsraroAtocTOMat agists.r v-N.DEATHS.,DEVAUGHN.fi-Eemma Liee Devaughn, seven-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.J. S. DeYaughnv died at the home oflier parents In this city "Wednesdayafter a short illness of meningitis.The body was interred in the Mvllers-'j"burg Cemetery yesterday afternoon.HOPPER.The funeral or Mrs. .Mary Hopper, aged fifty-eight, who died at herhome in Headquarters, Nicholascounty, Monday night,, after a longillness, was held at Carlisle,' Wednesday morning, at ten o'clock, with services conducted at the graye in theOarlisle Cemertery. Mrs. Hopper wasthe wife of Mr. W. R. Hopper, whosurvives her, and was stepmother ofMrs. J. D. Shy, of Paris. 'GLASS.Mr. Joseph Glass, aged thirtyfive, died at his hotne in Frankfort,Tuesday, of influenza. Mr. jGlasswas formerly night clerk in thePhoenix Hotel, at Lexington, and was-one of the most popular attaches ofthat hostelry. He is survived byliis "wife, Mrs. Louise Roberts Glass,four .sisters, one of whom, Mrs. Jas.Scanlon, resides in Paris, and twobrothers.The funeral was held Wednesday.afternoon, with services held at thegrave in the Frankfort Cemetery.PREWITT.The funeral of Mrs.' JenniePrewitt, aged twenty-two, who diedof influenza at her home on the J.Frank Clay farm near Paris, Wednesday, Was held yesterday afternoon atthree o'clok. Services were conducted at the grave in the North Middletown Cemetery by Rev. F. M. Tinder,pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church. ,Mrs. Prewitt was the wife of Mr.Clay Prewitt. She is survived, be-Msides her husband, by her father, Mr. Mr. .Louis Lilleston, and .the Misses;Cluke Goodpastor, who resided at herhome, and three small chidren.v MASON.The funeral of Mrf William L.Mason, aged forty-nine, who died athis home on the farm of Mr. Geo.K. Jones, on the Clintonville pike,near this city,at five o'clock yesterday morning afer a short illness,will be held in the Paris Cemetery atthree o'clock this (Friday) afternoon.Services will be conducted at thegarve by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. Thepall-bearers will be George K. Jones,Janes Elliott, George Pepper, JamesIngels, Henry Ingels and Wm.Smart. Mr. Mason is survived by hiswidow and one daughter, Elizabeth.Lilleston, of Paris, and resHed heremany years. After leaving Paris hebecame a traveling salesman. Hewill be weTTremembered by the oldergeneration of Paris people.BROOMHALL.Influenza has claimed the life ofa former Paris woman in Cincinnati,Mrs. A. R. Bloomhall, who died ather home in that city last Monday ofthe disease. The remains were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Tuesday afternoon.Mrs. Broomhall was the widow ofthe late Mr. A. R. Broomhall, who forseveral years was in the employ ofLowry & May, and resided on Houston avenue, in this city. After moving from Paris they disposed of theirproperty, which is now occupied "byMr. and Mrs. S. S. Ardery, Jr. Mrs.Broomhall was a sister of Mrs. FrankL. Walker, wife of a Paris contractor,who now resides in Covington.CROSTHWAIT.The body of Mr. Charles B.Crosthwait, aged sixty-five, a formerresident of Paris, who died in Chester, Pa., Wednesday, of influenza,will probaly arrive here to-day, whenservices will be held at the gravein the Paris Cemetery, conducted byRev. Geo. It. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church. The pallbearers will be James McClure, M. F.Ke-nney, Chas. E. Butler, L. J. Fretwell, Harvey Hibler and E. B. January. Mr. Crosthwait was an uncle ofrggTHE PENDLETON SHOPSpecial DisplayNew Blouses -in Georgette and Crepe de Chine,Beaded- and Wool Embroidery in thenewest models and colors. tSmart Models with high necks. :Uhe tPendleton Shop' 135 B. Main St..Lexington, Ky.14itfsf)mlit r . .i j; -L-- vut eiurc miuijt rauiaies mespirit of Christmas. Throup-h-- out our displays you will findarticles which are especially appropriate a9 gift suggestionsthe useful, lasting kind that makeChristmas giving worth while.KENTON.The first victim of influenza inthis city was Mrs. Frances Kenton,aged twenty-two, who dled at thehome of her, husband, Mr. John Kenton, on Fifteenth street, at an earlyhour Tuesday morning. ,Mrs. Kenton was a 'daughter ofMr. and Mrs. C. T. Masterson. Besides her parents, she is survived byher husband, Mr. John Kenton, sixbrothers, James, Roy, Forrest, Hardy,LOllie and C. T. Masterson, Jr., andtwo sisters, Misses Viola and GeorgiaMasterson, all of Bourbon county.The funeral was held Wednesdayafternoon, with services conducted atthe grave in the Paris "Cemetery byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church. The pall-bearerswere six young ladies, personalfriends, Misses" Nora Hutsell, LenaHutsell, Sophia Hutsell, Lucy Henry,Jeanette Green and Hazel Green.CHILDS.Friends and acquaintances inthis city have received infromationof- the death of Mr. Roy H. Childs,aged forty-five, which occurred athis home, '1722 Waverly Place, inSt.' Louis, Mo., Sunday morning ateight o'clock. Mr. Chiles had beenill for several days with pneumonia.He was well known in Paris, wherehe was a frequent visitor during hisresidence in Lexington, and has manyfriends here who will regret to learnof his demise.Mr. Chilesis survived by his son,Mr. J. B. Chiles; his parents, Mr. andMrs.- Charles Chiles, and one brother,Mr. Jos. Chiles. His wife, formerlyMiss Mary Bacon, of Lexington. Thefuneral was held in Chicago, Tuesdayafteroonat three o'clock, the burialfollowing in Woodlaw.n Cemetery.or 'so ago on , complaining of . beingside, ana symptoms or 'jappejidicitismanifesting, anvoperatioti. 'was decided' upon. Mr. Bowen was a prominent member, of. the local "Knights ofPythias Lodge and 'qther fraternalorders. Besides his wife, he Is survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs.D. F. Bowen, one brother, MrX W. P.'ijowen, oi myers station, ana onedaughter. 'The funeral services will be heldat the grave in the Paris Cemeteryby the Knights of Pythias' at 2:30'o'clock Saturday afternoon. Thepall-bearers will be, Messrs. -J. KICahal, T. M. Funk, L, Wollstein, E.L. Shanklin, Robt, L. Harney arid"Charles "Green. 'KERRENKOHL.Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Hibler, ofthis city, received a telegram yesterday from their daughter, Mrs. JessieHibler Herrenkohl, announcing thedeath at Sharplet, near Huntington,"West Virginia, of her husband, Dr.Herrenkohl. The telegram statedthat his death had resulted frompneumonia, after a very .short illness.Dr. Herrenkohl, it was stated yesterday, was the only physician inthat vicinity who was able to keeppracticing, the others having beenprostrated by days and nights of unremitting efforts to counteract the influenza plague, which had become epidemic there. He himself had beenkept going day and night, and finally pneumonia overtook him. Thepresumption was that his death hadbeen hastened by overwork. Mrs.Ilerronkohl advised her parents notto come on account of the influenzathere.REGULATIONS REGARDING OVERSEAS CHRISTMAS SHIPMENTSGREGORY.Mr. "W. K. Gregory, an aged andwell-known citizen of Cynthiana,died at his home in that city, aboutfour o'clock, Wednesday afteroon, after a short illness of infirmities ofage. The funeral will be held at teno'clock this (Friday) morning, withservices conducted at the grave inBattle Grove Cemetery, Cynthiana,"by Rev. J. D. Armistead.Mr. Gregory was a resident of thiscounty for many years, having resided on a farm near Ruddles Mills.He moved to Cynthiana a few yearsago. He is survived by his wife andtwo daughters, Mrs. Arthur Talbott,of Cynthiana, and Miss Anna Gregory, of Pineville.Mr. Gregory was an uncle of Mrs.Grant Denton, of Paris. Mr. and Mrs.Denton will attend the funeral atCynthiana this mdrning.INGELS.The body of Mr. George W.Ingels, aged twenty-nine, who diedin Toledo, 0., Monday evening, aftera brief illness of influenza, wasbrought to Paris, Tuesday night, accompanied by his father, Mr. Ed. -H.Ingels, and members of the family.The funeral was held Wednesday aftrenoon at three o'clock, with services conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. Dr. C. C.Fisher, of Millersburg. The pallbearers were John Kreiner, JaynesSavage, Jno.-Williams, Bennett Tarr,John Christman and Dr. J. H. Comer.Mr. Ingels was a son of Mr. andMrs. Edward H. Ingels, of Paris. Hehad been a resident of Toledo for several years, having been engaged in amunitions manufacturing plant there.He is survived, besides his parents, bybis widow and three daughters,Misses Catherine Ingels, Anna FisherIngels and Loretta Ingels.All relatives and friends of U. S.soldiers overseas, who contemplatesending them Christmas packages,should first inform themselves regarding, the U. S. requirements governing same.Some of the rules governing the, shipment of packages to the soldiersoverseas are given below as follows:The Red Cross Chapter will haveciiarge vl wrapping tuiu mspeuiiugall packages for overseas forces.Each American soldier overseashas received from his commandingofficer one label which he will mailto some person who is planning tojsend him a Christmas parcel.These labels ought to arrive aboutNov. 1. After that date the local.Chapter hopes to have an hand theboxes which are required to holdthese packages and they will be givenout., to those presenting labels.Don't lose your labels. Duplicatescan not be issued.No box can be sent without a labeland only one has been given to eachsoldier.The total weight of box must beunder three pounds. Postage istwelve cents a pound, or fraction of apound. ""Box must be taken to Red Cross tobe .inspected, "weighed, wrapped and.stamped. Postage to be paid by tiiesender.No Red Cross Christmas packageswill be mailed out by postoifice afterNovember 15.Packages for men in the navy arenot sent through the Red Cross, butthrough the Postoflice under entirelydifferent restrictions.Place and hours , for receivingpackages will be announced later.For any additional' information,phone Mrs. Walter Payne, Chairmanof the Parcels Post 'Committee inBourbon County, over CumberlandPhone 434.K. 'Give her, or him, or them aKodak and you can be assuredthat yourgift will be instructive,enlightening and always enjoyable a never ending reminderin the Kodak pictures they canmake.V'-11i a:. . :J ftPICTURES of home, fromx home, come closer to thehearts of the boys "over there,"than anything else, except .letters. Both are National obligations antl the best preventivesagainst.homcsickness. Ask f theboys."This year, makehappy with a Kodak.someonevDAUGHERTY BROSFIFTH AND MAIN STREETSrt5 J:. -i ji K&Mfit 'v- -ug lT itr-1rtSfeiJg&3fcteifvrtGORHAM.After a brief illness of pneumonia Mr. Fred Gorham, aged forty, aformer resident of this 'city, died atColumbus, New Mexico, where he hadbeen for some time seeking a restoration to health. The body was sentto Xouisville, his former home, forburial. The funeral took place Tuesday afternoon in Cave Hill Cemetery.Mr. Gorham was a son of Mrs.Mary N. Gorham, who was a residentof Paris for many years, now residing in Carlisle. He was born in thiscity, and attended the public schools.After leaving Paris, he settled inLexington, where he was manager ofthe Cumberland's Telephone Co.'soffice. Later on he became associated,with the Ohio Valley Bank atHenderson. When the call to the colorscame he responded at once and enlisted in the army service. He wasstationed at Columbus, New Mexico,as a member of the HeadquartersTroop, Twelfth Cavalry. He had seenservice before, having been a member,of the First Kentucky Regiment,which won honors in Porto Rico, andin Cuba during the Spanish-Americanwar.He is survived by his mother, MrsMary Gorham, one brother, Mr..Thornton Gorham, of Sharon, Pa.,and one 'sister, Mrs. Georgia GorhamWhitehouse, of Louisville.ta RaHURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid penalty, which will beattached to all unpaid Taxes onNovember 1st.W. W.MITCHELL,(td) City Collector.i P3 FH JBgt -UGLY RUMORS CONFUTED?FRANK &Gi. LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFAIL LINESmMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRLSSMStMisses' and Ladies'- SUITS :'-IChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSFRANK & CO.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your policiesand let us have some off your renewals&At farmers & Traders BankBYSTATEMENT OF NURSEBOWEN.Following an operation performed for appendicitis at the Massie,Memorial Hospital, in this city, Wednesday night, Ir. Ira Bowen, agedthirty-eight, died at the institutionat five o'clock yesterday morning.The body was removed to the undertaking establishment of George W.Davis, where it was prepared forurial. iMr. Bowen was a native of Carlisle,and was a son of Mr. and Mrs. D. F.'Bowen, of that city. He becameidentified wit& the telegraph and railroad business at an early age, and foriseveral years had; filled important pb-sitions in the service of the Louisville & Nashville at different .noints.on the line. For the past few" yearshe liad been staiipndin the office o.the Train Dispatcher of the Louisaville & Nashville, in this city, where.ne gained an enviable record iovllfaithfulness and efficiency. A few-weeks ago.Mr.'Bow.en was transferrred to the office at Patio, where theLouisville &. Nashville- mntain ovi'lFor some days rumors have "Beenrife here regarding the alleged neglect d'f the sick soldiers at CampZachary Taylor. The following is astatement made by Mrs. Ida Ray, ofParis, who has been assisting atCamp Taylor:"Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky.,"October 18, 1918.-"Brigadier-GeneralFred T. Austin,''Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky."Dear Sir: I wish to make the following statement:"For eight days and nights I wasin a ward in the Hospital. The patients there couldn't Dossibly .havebeen treated better, even if they hadbeen in their own homes. Thenurses were faithfulness itself. Thephysicians never, 'never lagged. They.were always there. There was nevera minute when I was in the wardswhen you could not get .access to aphysician. During the 'stress of thisawful calamity I wondered howthey did it- lf these boys had been.the children- of 'princesses tneycouldn't have received better treatment, I have never seen sick peoplebetter treated."Yours Very- Truly,"MRS. IDA RAY."(ASSESSOR'S BOOKS TOl CLOSE,. The Assessor's books will beclod on November 1st. Comesh and five your lists off polland property taxes.WALTER CLARK,h Tax Commissioner.:fi JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.V' 4'AAAAAm ,ni' MATRIMONIAL.4 .,. .t -tTwo marriage licenses; -were''issued yesterday from, the office of.Kjuuty jierjK jfearce -raiop, oie toMr,. Ira Rose, and Miss Clara MtfvElliott, the bther ty 'Mr.3 ' V.TilCFurs!At the urgent request of may prospective buyers, the drummers' samplesof furs of the MONTREAL FUR CO.,' now on display and sale atMrs. C. W. Baird's Millinery Storewill continueFriday and Saturday. OnlyNow is the time to secure the mostfashionable high grade furs of the seasonat a saving of fully Aft? per centSeparate Scarfs, Muffs or MatchedSets, Ladies' High Grade Coats, all to beclosed out regardless"of coster value, soas to avoid returning samples to headquarters. Take advantage of the most timelyopportunity. Remember, on display andsaleFriday and Saturday Only "Mrs. C W. Baird's Millinery- 503 Main St., Paris, Ky.j--.i . 'iL -;V Sl JTK::s'Jh,rn.-&&?" " t' Jt-A"- -cvrGioochxand Miss 'LulaB5.- Berry.'h '. " y vr . v-tt- S .MV .A"2 .-ifV 'Auy vr!Ui -'-vIteniveLrQX7H;reireveaiS-L-i W.'?! tj'-!lr$it yJ -3&tK& zFRIDAY, OCTOBER 25,1H8.S.,j n;.HffiIVjr jf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOURTH LIBERTY LOANc.uments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are nOW due. Dr. and Mrs. F. M. Faries, oil Broad-prce call anp settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)- m s mGOOD SOKGHUM.nir Sandv Sorsrhum at $1.50 uerallon. Those who know say it's the.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.. TES li ISHEAL ESTATE DEALS."Mr. Harry L. Mitchell, of Paris,cold this week, through the Harris &Speakes real estate agency a farm located near Sideview in Montgomerycounty, to Mr. It. L. Stewart, for$225 per acre.. jsa fe TsTHOEOTJGHBEEDSIMMTrinZED ,All the thoroughbred mares andyearlings belonging to Mr. A. B. Hancock and Mr. Charlton Clay, on theMarchmont farni, near Paris, havebeen immunized by Dr. F. P. Campbell against influenza. The disease isas fatal to horses as to humans.is m isAN APPROPRIATE EPIC.Dust, rain, Mud, dustInfluenza!Dust, rain, Mud, dustBronchitis!Dust, rain, Mud, dustTuberculosis! ,t: Dust, rain, Mu3, dust' Any old disease!STOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.TS IS ISRED CROSS SEWING.The Red Cross sewing rooms at thecourt house will be occupied to-day(Friday) by the members of the Missionary Society of the Presbyterianchurch, who will have an all-daytewing. The members are urged tobe present and lend a helping hand inthis good work.la to toRECENT RAINS. BENEFICIALThe recent rains came as a greatlelief to the country, and will revivefall grass for winter grazing. Theywere also a great help to wheat thatwassowh"early and will make it -takeroot, thus preventing freezes lateron from raising it out of the ground.The rains have also started thesprings that had gone dry.READ PAGE THREE. tOn page three of this issue -of THE3IEWS our readers will find a numberof highly interesting letters fromsoldier boys who are "over there,"and an especially interesting onefrom Capt. Neville C. Fisher, formerlyof Paris, who describes, as far asthe censorship regulations would permit, the participation of his companyin the battle of St. Michiel saKent,in France. Other equally interesting communications from formerParis boys will be found on thatpage, all well worth perusing.IS to ISSOME KERSHAW.how window, a giant kershaw, raised.by Mr. Charles R. White, on msfarm near Paris. The kershaw pulledthp rm.Ipr down to thepounds mark, and if the weigher sfoot hadn't slipped, the vegetablemight have gained five pounds more.It is a veritable wonder in the vegetable line. A group of colored menwere admiring it Sunday afternoon,and speculating how many pies it-would make, when one of them spokeup and said: "Buddies, it would makejest one fer me, and nobody to helpeat it either."SOClAt AND PERSONALComings and ' Goings of OurPeople Here, There and ,Elsewhere.Mr. Robert P. Walsb. made abusiness trip to Mt. Sterling, Tuesday, returning Wednesday.Mrs. Fithian Faries and littledaughter, of Maysville, arev visitingway.Mrs. Sydney Burris Trapp, of Nebraska, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Jonathan Burris, Jiear.rarisMrs. David Traiimtt is n -natimnfat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, where she recently underwent a minor operation.Mr. Leroy Litzey has returnedto his home in Harrodsburg after avisit to his sister, Mrs. Wm. Cooper,and Mr. Cooper, in this city.Miss Elizabeths Carter has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to Miss Frances Campbell.Mrs. John Thompson and son,Jack Thompson, of Ft. Thomas, areguests of Mr.-and Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, on Cypress street.Mr. Tilford Burnett has returnedfrom the Armory Hospital, at CampBuell, in Lexington, where he hasbeen ill for ten days with influenza.Mrs. O. P. Clay has returned toher home in Lexington, after a visitto Mrs. Thompson Tarr. Mrs. Clay,who has been in poor health for sometime, is improving.Mr. J. B. Graziani, of the ParisIce Manufacturing Co., has gone toCovington, to remain during the winter. Mr. Graziani's return to Paris isalways a sure sign of the early coming of Spring.Among recent influenza victimsin the city are Mr. Houston Rion,Miss Mabel Soper, Mr. Leslie Keal,Miss Katherine Holt, Mrs. JosephFarrD2r and Mr. Thornwell Tadlock,who are on the road to recovery.Mr. Enoch Grehan, the Lexington Herald's brilliant paragrapher,and Dean of the College of Journalism at the University of Kentucky,in Lexington, was a recent visitor inParis. Mr. Grehan was accompaniedby Mrs. Grehan.Mrs. J. E. Barnett, who has beenvery ill for some time in the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,has recovered sufficiently to bebrought to the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jamestreet, in this city.Mr. James R. Blackburn, ofnear Paris, has gone to Cincinnati tobe with his son, William Blackburn,who is ill there with influenza. Mrs.Blackburn is at Camp Buell, in Lexington, with her son, Clarence Blackburn, who is ill of the same disease.Miss Elizabeth Campbell,' whohas been a guest of Dr. and Mrs. F.P. Campbell, has returned to Cincinnati, having been recalled by a message telling of the serious illness ofher sister, Mrs. Charles H. Myers, andher nephew, Joseph Myers, who haveinfluenza.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. W. E. Cook and daughter, MissMary E. Cook, were recent guests ofParis friends At their countryhome in Bourbon county Mr. andMrs. W. E. Cook entertained at dinner Rev. and Mrs. J.E. Strother,Rev. and Mrs. J. W-vWyatt and Mrs.Pearl R. Miller, all of Harrisoncounty.". Mrs. Edward C. Keller anddaughter, Miss Edna Keller, are making arrangements to move to Louisville to reside in the future. Thehome on Main street, which theywill vacate will be occupied by Mr.and Mrs. Robt. P. Walsh, and family.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Butler and Mrs.Carrie Fisher will occupy the home tobe vacated by Mr. and Mrs. Walsh.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. K. Shuff, ofGeorgetown, and their soldier sons,Lieut. E. L. Shuff, of Ft. Still, OklaTinmn n.Tld ThOS. K. Shuff. Of theGeorgetown Training School, motoredfEoptriiAR wABan&r'-To teachJ . PABISCLASSES. '' Albert d'Scbeu Haberstro, bassocantante, composer and teacher ofvoice, ias been engaged by the Lexington College of Music.Mr. Haberstro is an American.New York is his native State as wellas that of his father. He comes to,Lexington from an extensive fourmonths' singing engagement, whichcovered Southern and WesternStates, from California to Kansas.While trained by prominent American teachers he has had two celebrated voice coaches in Hanry Lautz,of 'Darmstadt, Germany, and WilliamShakespeare, of London, England.Mr. Haberstro is a college man, educated in law, with degree and admitted, to ,the New Yprk bar, wherehe practiced that profession for several iVears. He soon turned Tils fullattention to music which had been a"study smchis youth.Mr. Haberstro has written manywell-known songs and a patrioticsong, "My Soldier," whiqh is beingsung extensively over the country.In this connection, patriotic, he hasserved his country in previous yearsas a member of the famous 7ith.Regiment, N. G., N. Y.; and for fiveyears qualified as a "distinguishedexpert" in rifle shooting.Mr. Haberstro has a winning per-,sonality, fine -natural voice, rich inquality, vibrant in quantity, widecompass and welfcolored. His repertoire consists of the best basso songs,arias, ballads and lieder.Mr. Haberstro will have a class inParis, at the home of. Mrs. FrankFithian, on Saturdays of each week,beginning Oct. 26. See advertisementin this issue.Ea ?aFINE COOKING APPLESiGood cooking apples that will cookat $2.00 per bushel.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.' to to to 'B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsj-i 1g IgSAMERICAN SOLDIER DEAD TO BEBROUGHT FROM FRANCE.All the American dead in Francewill, be taken home after the war, according toj orders received by thea m-tr r a rwl n n a T'TlO PTflVA rj-fisitrfl-ss, on Fourth tion bureau has been working withf I this end in view, but nothing definiteregarding the future disposition ofthe'dead was known here until instructions came to the chaplains fromWashington. .?S IS P3Ford & Co. have on display in their to North Middletown and spent theNOTICE TO TURKEY RAISERSThe Food Administration hasIssued the following to dealersin turkeys:"Refrain from purchasingturkeys intended for Thanksgiving markets for shipmentEast after Novembeifl6th. Turkeys for shipment to pointsEast must be loaded and readyfor shipment not later thanTuesday, November ISth."To comply with these ruleswe will be compelled to commence receiving turkeys aboutNovemtr 5th;CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(oct25-3t)to to toDRAFT EVADE& TAKEN TO COVINGTON FOR TRIAL.United States Marshal Arthur Vest,of Frankfort, took Tom Combs, ofMorgan county, from Paris to Covington, Tuesday, for trial in the Fedreal Court on a charge of evading thedraft service in the army. tCombs was arrested, here by Chiefof Police Link and Patrolman Luskas he was endeavoring to "hobo" hisway to Winchester "on an outgoingL. & N. freight train. He was plac-ed in the Paris jail on a vagrancycharge nominally, while an investigation was in progress. It developedthat he was a. "slacker" and hadevaded the draft service in bis homecounty. Chief Innk, notified the,Fe4-er&i afrenrc. ann I'mr' remuvti iurfnv Tnesdav with Mr. and Mrs. TollieYoung. Their third son, Mr. JesseL. Shuff, formerly turf writer for theforty-five I Lexington Herald, is also in thearmy.Mr. Bruce Miller, editor of theKentuckian-Citizen, and his sister,Mrs. Henry Preston, who has been hisrnpsf. were called to Ashland, Tuesday by a message telling of the serious illness of Mrs. Preston's son,Bruce Miller Preston, of pneumonia.Young Preston is a memoer 01 meU. S. Army, and was m Ashland, ona furlough when stricken. A telegram at noon yesterday to Miss Nannie Miller, stated that Mr. Prestonwas critically ill with double pneumonia, and that his physicians hadlittle hope of his recovery.(Other Personals on Page 3)FILES SUITS ON NOTES.Suit to' collect five notes of ?2,040each with interest, claimed to belong past due and unpaid has beenfiled in the office of Circuit Cleric w.H. Webb, by Judge H. Clay Howard,as Committee for George Clay. Thenotes were given in payment for thepurchase of 296 acres of land fromGeorge Clay, on March. 1, 1914. VOld Hams For SaleA few choice two-year-old hamsfor SclIc(dec25-3t-pd) CHAHLTON CLAY.LOSTMale Collie dog; sable color withwhite collar and stripe in forehead,white legs. Answers to name of"Joe:" Reward .for return.CHARLTON CLAY,(lt-pd) Paris, Ky.Southdown SheepFor SaleSixty head of Southdown ewes, allgood ages.Also, a few yearling bucks andbuck lambs.J. H. THOMPSON,Cumberland Phone 256-WCoct25-3t)Paris StudioCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers jmay be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small. .,-.-.JO. VARDEN,- (22-tf) Florist Agent.to isa iTHE WAR'S RECOMPENSE.Mrs. May Stoner Clay hands THENEWS the following beautiful littlepoem, clipped from a St. Louis aanypaper. These lines were found onthe body of an Australian soldierkilled in action on Flanders Field:Ye that have faith to look with fearless eyes,Beyond the tragedy of a world ofstrifeAnd know' that out of- death andmight shall rise i..The dawn of ampler life,Rejoice whatever anguish rend theheart ' "That God has given you a pricelessdower, ''To live in. these great times and haveyour partIn Freedom's cfowning hour.That you maytell your sons who seethe light .High in the Heavens, their heritage"I saw the power of darkness, put toJ4ki.ft " y " :?Albert d'ScheuHaberstroTeacher -of VoiceCovington followed reult- " Jl w Wraornmr brek. J JSTUDIOMrs. Frank Fithian's Residence. -- As i;JV-:rv-JVT:a111NWe Sell Dependable Merchandise for Lessthan Any Other House, But for Cash OnlySUITS AND COATSFOR WOMENA-.sys"$25.00 to $125.00inWo-During the past week we have received new models-.-- r m. J o -.. c -7 ii .i vsrv . t. t ..Mien ,uai5 aon juus ror ran ana winter wnicn reveal the verylatest style tendencies. They come in all of the season's mostcalled-f or- fabrics and colors and are truly extraordinary values atbimon s f rices.YBeautiful Models inFALL MILLINERY$5.00 to $25.00 'Attractive Creations in Tailored and Trimmed Hats in a widevariety of modish shapes. Every model is distinctive and rarevalue at Simon's price.A.IIHARRY SIMON222-228 WEST MAIN ST., LEXINGTON, KY.THE DAYLIGHT STOREIn studio Saturdays of eachweek, beginning .October 26th.For information addressMiss Anna Chandler GoffDirector r .Lexington'ColIege of MusicLexinfton, Ky. afj'H -FOLLOW IVEvery mother or father," or if none, nearest relative, isi i p i- j entinea to one or our largeRAND-McNALLYWARABSOLUTELYFREE" 4 r- r p!' KmMAPSHHBisI1 - IRv sirrmlv a i vine us their address; And call. nor for rnprvOthers may secure this big War Map by giving us theirin i h rv i ii r -address, paying iu cents and caning ror map. wtWAJNI U1NL. UN LVtKI HUIVlt!See Them in Our WindowTHE J.T HINTOfcaAJ0T01? HEARSE-MOTOR. INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGlEITHERPHONE" 36SIXTMAISID MAIN-STSA.-I WE' x. t v , d , t z7WWWMMWfWWWk'WMWMnFmWWtmWmWmWmWBfIIIlIi::iilmII::imIIsIKimmM::Iima1IIllaIiSe'BJvi h.).V.nP Vw,1-"VTK''tvivr'7Mf.'4-ffi -4Vf f ' S.v ..t-?. " .'f "?AGE SIX J-vw-i 7JlrIRi "- --Mih . Mw-i-. THE BOUMBOICIJ WS, PAS, XXrRnA.TiOtfFPfl spiffs:n.wntr.- Aj- --J.rSYou're Bilious!Take Cascarets-fPleasant relief for liver andbowels, and cost 10c abox no grjpe!uFeel grand! Be efficient! Cleanyour torpid liver and sluggish, bowels with, good, harmless Cascarets.v They don't gripe ur sicken. Giveyour insides a good cleaning and ridyourself of headaches, bilious spells,dizziness, sallowness, bad breath,stomach sourness, gases, etc. Cheerup! Get a 10-cent box from any drugstore, Idso best cathartic for bilious,constipated children tastes like can'dy but never fails. Cascarets workwhile you sleep. (adv).DRAFTEES MUST KEEP ORDERGOING TO WAR TRAIN-ING CAMPS.Numerous cases of disorder on thepart of draftees enroute to mobilisation points have been reported tothe ,War Department. As a result"Of the complaints Major HenryRhodes notified all local boards thatimmediate steps must be taken toIiave full reports made to commanding officers on the conduct of draf-vtees of each cantonments. Particular "attention will be paid to violations requiring arm. bands, whichnow constitute the uniform of thedraftees.' fe "PS S3' BRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfield,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamherlain's Cough Bemedy the only.thing that gives me relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs of"bronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)THEY'LL BE'LOOKINGBILLTOR YOUAMSTERDAM, Oct. 24. In Wed- nesday's peace riot in Berlin the"Kaiser's palace was attacked, andhundreds of windows were smashedwhen bricks were thrown from themidst of a yelling, infuriated crowd.The Kaiser is said to have hiddenin the cellar of the palace until thepolice, using bayonets, crushed the,xiot.SBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEAT -DEPARTMENT, RoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone' 376Special Attentioniscalled to ourShoeDepartmentxYou will be pleased with the"many -different styles, etc., in'Blackv tan, mahogany and mousecolor.$3.00$4.50- $5.00$6.00' $6.50sTwin BrfoNODepartment Storew MV CM ffMtSy Kv1BASEBALL LINGO TO "BE TRANSLATED FOR EORHGN FANSThe popularity of baseball amongthe 'allied nations is spreading sorapidly that there is already a demand for simple instructions andrules of the game, printed in foreignlanguages. To meet these requirements several expert baseball authorities are collaborating in the preparation of a baseball primer, whichwill be distributed in various sectionsof Europe.The pamphlet, which will be printed in French, Italian, English andSpanish, will carry the rules of thegame in the simplest form. In addition, there will be pages of explanations and answers to the questionswhich arise among those who areplaying their first contents. Thesequestions and answers will be printedin both English and various foreignlanguages in parallel columns in order that when American and foreignplayers or spectators meet, withoutbeing able to speak the language oftheir opponents or neighbors in thestand, there may be a medium ofcommunication at hand. A glossaryof technical and baseball terms in alllanguages is also to be appended.fe tS KmSPANISH,INFLUENZASPREAD. -HOW IT ISInfluenza is always spread fromperson to person, the germ being carried 'with the air along with the verysmall droplets of mucus,, expelled bycoughing or sneezing, forceful talking, .and the like by one who alreadyhas the germs of the disease. Theymay also be carried about in the airin the form of dust coming fromdried mucus, from coughing andsneezing or from careless personswho spit on the floor and on the sidewalk. As in most other catching diseases, a person who has only a mildattack of the disease himself maygive a very severe attack to others.Where crowding's unavoidable, asin street cars, care should be takento keep the face so turned as not toinhale directly the air breathed outby another person.STATE BOARD OF HEALTH.1 PaSINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind., writes: "I deem itmy duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only jmedicfne that relieved me."(adv-oct)3 te-UaADVOCATES ARMY OF OCCUPATION IN GERMANY. -NEW YORK, Oct. 24. Allied ocNEW YORK, Oct. 22. Allied occupation of Germany for at leastthree or four years is essential condition of any beginning of permanentpeace, according " to Stephane Lauzanne, member of the French HighCommission in the United States."The only way to cure the Germanpeople is to permit them to have ataste of military occupation in theirown country," he said.0Best Canned Soupsper can 1 Oc -gscudders Maple Syrupper half gal $ 1 .24Pancake Flourper package 15cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound . . 4cCabbageper pound 3 1 -2cYorkjmperial Applesper peck 65cGrimes Golden Applesper peck . . 90cNew Mince Meatper package . . ." 1 2cThis mince meat is sweetened ready for use. Seemy line of Pure Fruit Preserves. MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRY.GROCERYOpposite Court HouseAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheft - ;CollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAndOtkerv' Casualties'i : -FEE-"-' VIAGBiNTONE DOSE RELIEVESA COLD NO QUININE"Piape's" Cold Compound" Ends Bad; uoiuS' or jnppe in aFew Hours.Relief comes instantly.A dose taken every two hours un-1til three doses are taken will endgrippe misery and break up a severecold either in the head, chest, bodyor limbs.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sipk headache, dullness, feverishness, sore Jthroat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed u! Quit 'blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head! Nothing else in the worldgives, such prompt relief as 'Tape'sCold Cojmpound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance;. Be sure you getthe genuine. (adv)153WHEN HEROES MEET.Jax American soldier wearingthree American decorations and theribbon of the French cioix de guerrewas walking down a street in Paris,France. Suddenly a French sergeant, sitting in front of a cafe,rushed up. He, too, had decorations,the medal militaire, several citationsand the fourragere, the braid wornby men whose entire regiment hadbeen decorated. The Frenchman hadrecognized the American as one ofthe heroes of- the "advance in theSt. Michiel salient. They had foughtside by side. Neither could speakthe other's language. So they stoodthere, under the eyes of an admiringcrowjd, smiling at each other andshaking hands like long lost brothers. - ?a TQIN EVERY TIME OE STRESS .and difficulty for over ninety yearsThe Youth's Companion has stood bythe family. Ithas cheered and enouraged and entertained delightingall, informing all, and making homelife and loyal sentiment the ideal ofoil r Pnr 1 Q1 Q Viq tii hit chore informto make the paper worth more tofamily life than ever before. Thesplendid- serials alone are events innext year's reading in the familylife. Hundreds of short stories andarticles by great contributors, and asteady stream of helpfulness in everything from the solid and serious tothe happy humor for which TheCompanion is famed. In these daysthe whole family needs The Companion, and is still only $2.00 a yearfor 52 splendid issues.Don't miss Grace Richmond's greatserial, Anne Eexter, 10 cliapters, beginning December 12.The following special offer tis madeto new subscribers:The Youth's Companion 52 issuesof 1919; all the remaining weeklyissues of 1918; the Home CompanionCalendar for. 19 19 all the above foronly $2.00 or you may includercCall's Magazine 12 fashion numbersall for only $2,50. The-two Magazines may be sent to separate addresses if desired.THE YOUTH'S COMPANION,Commonwealth Avenue and St. PaulStreet, Boston, Mass.TEl 5S IBGERMAN PAPERS CONTINUELAMBASTING "CHIEECULPRITS."Amsterdam; Oct. 24. Germanprovincial ajid Socialist newspaperscontinue their campaign against the"chief culprits" responsible for thewar. The Frankische Tagespost. ofNuremburs:. the first paper in Ger-1many to demand openly the abdication of the Emperor, declares thatthe accuasation ot the Crown Princeentirely is out of the question."The German people are searchingfor the guilty," says the Volks Zeitung, the orglm of the NuremburgSocialists. "The Pan-Germans andJunkers are silent to-day, but we donot forget that they are the greatwar inciters in Germany, that theyremain the support of social and political reaction and that they are amenace to the future healthful development of the German empire.The Pan-German policy, has goneHankrupt, but" unfortunately it hasled the German people to disaster."To the gallows' with J:he guilty,whoever they may be!"The Socialist Arbeiter Zeitung, ofVienna, urges the German Socialiststo punish the "chief culprits" without mercy, adding:"When the German soldiers returnhome from the trenches, after fouryears of unparalleled sufferings,there will be a reckoning for thepeople who have led them to thiscatastrophe. The German peoplewill sweep away the Junkers andtake its own destiny into its ownhands."PS fe 1E3FRENCHCAPITAL INATTIRE.HOLIDAYPARIS, October 24. Paris was ariot of color and jubilation Saturdayn celebration of the unbroken seriesof allied victories.Allied flags fluttered everywhere,he Star-Spangled Banner being conpicuously represented in the decoraive scheme.More than a thousand capturedguns are lined up on the PJace de laConcorde and a big throng viewedhem. An inflated German balloons the ohject of great curiosity in theTuileries Gardens, and neW-by is thewreck of a Zeppelin.For the first time since the .Gernans started their air raids .on Parisarhite lights were allowed to burn in,his capitol Saturday. The Place Dela Concorde was brilliantly illumilated, and recalls the gay times ofpeace. ' ."SJte Us ,Wirt- From Ounce of Platinum.Platinum is so ductile that a -wire1,00 miles, long could be -dran froma single Troy ounce of the metaC"!" V, It is almost as difficult for somewomen to get their hats on in theJ evening as it is for tfie men vto getheirs on In the morning.ALABAMA FIRSTTO CAPTURE HUNS.Chaplain Tells of Exploits of Rainbow Division. -STRIKE TERROR' TO ENEMYAmerican Boys Refuse to Give 4nch toSavage Hordes of Beast of BerlinUntold Cruelties Left In Wake ofBarbarians Would Shame the OldTime American Redskin Yanks Are.Bravest of Soldiers;- Letters received here from officersand men of the -Rainbow division, 'whowere under canvas on the HempsteadPlains, L. L, before being sent toFrance have created Mntense enthusiasm when read tox the scores soon toleave for foreign service.Chaplain Emmet P. Smith of the167th Alabama infantry, writes thathe was the first man in the Rainbowdivision to draw the enemy fire."We had Just moved up over thefront," says Chaplain Smith, 4twhenthe first bomb fell in our camp thrownby an enemy airman. It fell about 100feet from where I was standing,throwing mud, pebbles and pieces ofshrapnel all about men, causing me tospill, my cupful of hot coffee on myuniform and to beat a hasty retreat toa place of safety. -"I am glad to tell you that the Rainbow boys are making great historyover here In France. We are, all ingood spirits and full of 'pep' and readyto go over at all times. Plenty ofwholesome food for every man, good,comfortable ' clothing and first-classequipment. We could not ask foranything better, unless it is anothermillion men from the states to-helpus administer the knockout blow tothe kaiser and his barbarians. "4 Carry Terror o Hun."Our outfit carried terror to theheart of the Hun on more than oneoccasion, and our boys took possession of No Man's Land the first day."Alabama captured the first prisoners unaided by the French that anyAmerican outfit pulled off, receivingthe unstinted praise of the FrencKand Anferlcan officers. Quite a number of our boys wear war medals.We hone to meet again the many residents of Long Island towns who didso much to show their whole heartedhospitality rto us at Camp Mills. Wehope to meet them again as men whodid our -best J:o,make the world freefrom the domination of the unspeakable Hun. --"By the way, every German sympathizer in America ought to see whatuntold cruelties the Hun has left behind him. He made war on old menand helpless women and outraged tender girls and mutilated little boys.The true story of the Hun and hisbrutality can never be told, for manythings I have seen are too horrible forthe mind of a civilized person to believe. We must win this war or theworld will be a hell and a slave market for German war lords to terrorize.Bravest of the Brave.,"Let the good people In the statesstand by us. Send men, guns, airshipsby the thousands and thus bring thewar to a speedy and definite endingand save civilization from being destroyea by modernjbarbarians, wliose'kultur' is terrorism and whose method of warfare would shame the oldtime American redskin."Our American boys refuse to givean Inch to the Hun. No braver nenever followed a flng than men of America in France. The New York regiment, the old Sixty-ninth, are goodfighters, and they are facing the enemy like heroes. Father Duffy, thechaplain of the Sixty-ninth, is everyInch a man and a soldier and the regiment Is fortunate in having such agood man as chaplain. Best wishes.Your friend. E. P. SMITH,"Chaplain 167th infantry."Chaplain Smith resigned his pastorate to go with the famous Alabamaregiment selected for the Bainbow division. He is one of the most notedof scholarly clergymen In the Southland.-LIKE FRENCH BEDSAmerican Soldiers Find Them Crudti but Comfortable.Go where you may behind the alliedlines in France, one' style of bed predominates. It is crude, but comfortable, and very popular among the"troops.The bed measures about six feetlong by two, and one-half feet wide.The framework is made of any material that happens to be availableand the support' is wire-netting orsandbags securely nailed. The legsstand about 18 inches from .the floor.Where the men obtain the materialfor thejr beds is a mystery.In the trenches, of course, no bedsare to be had. A waterproof aheet and"a single blanket usually suffice.' In thetrench dugouts officers have straw tosleep on, the utmost comfort they canexpect. Men on leave from the trenches'Bay that for the first tew nights theyare unahleHo sleep between sheets ona soft spring bed. xrFriends Steal Hit Savino.,John Smaller, a- Slav of Pittsburgh, Iunsieu two men ox, nis own race wfth$800'while he held ,Jtox filled irith"securities' waiting f or" them to 'return. Af ter an houipassed he opendthe boxto find it filled -withhold piipAL1IUN Yl.ftkHJlltSYP1 MmSHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE, TAN, DARKBROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVE THE LEATHER.TlrF. F. D ALLEY CORPORATIONS. LIMITED. BUFFALO N. T.vFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equip merit 'BOTH PHONfeS-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone "40 Home Phone 1 692Bourbon Laundry!DAVIS & FUNK, Proprietors ITelephone No. 4:: p -eoto wxT., wwk?111 TmBwh mThe Bourbon Laundry"Paris, KentuckyHELP FILLTHE DEMAND FORBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand.We courttion.a thorough investiga-TRIEDWINSend for free Booklet, "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." 'Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or call at school forfull information.Fugazzi School offBusinessEfficiencT is ,0ur WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, fPrincipal.Mrs. L V. Jones Asstr Principal.llfrHUwer St.. Scod Roir,&ftiW. DAVISIXB1X1may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned By us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, mconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you,A phone brings U3.West Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliances,and expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.Margbien'sSANITAR 1Meat Market. iSpecials for Fridayand Saturday5, 10, 15 and 20-pound bucketspurt homt-rtndf rtdLARD27c per poundLEAN COUNTRY: BACON35c per pound9MitfGOLENtSalutary Neat Marketf VS f .V-AJ'-1Vi-AS, VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1918.y-OTEK.,ps 4miimio mwrnFHTTiKttMTOIMll F""M1WI tT Ot'tTiWfyyrimaiHi'GRiPW' run -I m IfninEiainHCOMPOUHD 01 MpST DIRBCTIOKS t! 1X1IT AIXUJ-O-J- 44 jKFerrodine Chemical Corp.,ROANOKE,C-EHMAN ATROCITIES CONTINUEDESPITE PEACE TALKIt is extreirfely difficult to Sinderst&nd why, if Germany, in asking foran. armistice, really desires to endthe horrors of war and to tread thepaths of peace, order and decency,she does not call ajialt to the outrageous atrocities which her militaryand naval forces have been so ruthlessly committing ever since the firstday of the war, and which, accordingto the latest dispatches, they are stillcarrying on during their enforcedretreat from occupied cities in Franceand Belgium.In this connection Jules Cambon,formerly French Ambassador atWashington, is quoted as follows:"At the moment the Central Empires addresses, themselves to President Wilson to obtain an armisticeand begin negotiations for peace, theGerman, armies renewed the horrorsthey have been committing in all theoccupied territory St. Quentin, Lens,Cambrai, Douai are burned, mined,ruined. Loan is now reported to beburning, following the same fate asDouai and Cambari. St. Quentin is amass of ruins, and the4 great miningcenter of Lens is a-desert, with itsbuildings leveled, its populationIt's Easy If You Know Dr.Edwards "Olive TabletsThe secret of keeping young is 'to feelyoung to do this you must watch yourliver and bowels there's no need ofhaving a sallow complexion dark ringsunder your eyes pimples a biliouslook in your face :dull eyes with nosparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninetyper cent of all sickness comes from xnactive bowels and liver. 9m Dr. Ed wards, a well-known physicianin Ohio, perfected a vegetable compound mixed with olive oil to act onthe liver and bowels, which he gave tobis patients for years.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit, that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and cleaning the system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards Olive TabSet3 by their olive color. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.BRIGHTERHVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresofa.home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOlectricitjfor CigbtiniIt's the only satisfactory way.9se SetsTor fitatittgaitd CookingIt's the only Sensible plan. vLet Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.EPLOOKINGYOUNG1SN9fctj.iLfyiiniiifrdown SystemsTTTT - Aft rfineed an Iron, tonic torebuild tissue quickly vAcid Iron Mineral is a highly concentrated natural mineral prdduct .powerful in iron the greatest blood'purifier known. v Unlike many ironpreparations, it does not injure theteeth. v ,Especially recommended for complaints arising from kidney disorders,"Grippy"-conditions, uric acid, rheumatic pains, and blood diseases. (A.I. M. is splendid for a nasal spray andgargle, prevents Influenza) .delay, call for it to-day.Don'tFull directions accompany-each bottle.At druggist. If not, send to x.VIRGINIA2 5Vgone, and its rich, mines flooded. Thewhole section vsurrounding St,-Quentinhas been turned into a vast cemetery. The cathedral is still standing, its' jagged walls being intact,but all else a wreck. The principalstreet center resembles an abandonedbattlefield."The National Committee on warDamages sums up the devastation asfollows: "Despite the reprobatioruofthe world, the German war practicesare constantly being accentuated andintensified. These odious proceedingshave transformed hostilities intoabominable brigandage, seekingabove all the ruin of agriculture, industry, and commerce in this country." Premier Clemanceau makesthe following statement regarding theseGerman outrages:"All "international conventionswhich, maintain in armed conflictstraditions tf loyalty and nobilitynave been cynically swept j aside oyGermany. Taken by the tftroat anadriven backward, he still seeks tovent his hate upon the country fromwnich. our soldiers drive him foot byfoot."pa la J&CAN NOWEAT ANDCOMFORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you snould read wlmtMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, III., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regardingvthe ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which, seemed tolay as a -dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt.. SleeplessMK wasadded to my piisery, and I wouldawake as tired as wben I went tosleep I heard of Chamberlain's Tablet! and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since tbat time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I apn to:day entire-wel1" (adv-oct)j m m iAUSTRIAIS TO GET-GAME.IN NOTEpa-rts. Oct 24. "The Austro-LHungarian government soon will reply to .Fresiaent wio -y -Lmucn as he has not answered theIP-Hem concerning possible conditions for peace negotiations,inrOC semi-official dispatchde-fromVienna, received here to-day.Knew She'd Bought One.Wife I attended the mammoth saletoday. HUD waerj? mc j 0 okeep the darned thing?CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSProfessional Cards.WMU GRANNAN-Attorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402HBST NATL BANK BUHJ)INGDR.WM.KENlfeYEye, Ear, Nose andiThroatBOOHS 403-404 vHRST NATL 3AJHK , ?UIIDINGt , PH0NEn12M5 -?? "Vt v? 1"MAJOR BILLY" WELLBORN"Major Billy" Wellborn, creditedwith greater knowledge of the detailsof the draft system than any other person, drew allv but a very few of the1,200 capsules used in the second draft.rShe Is In charge of the informationbureau in the provosts marshal general's office. ' She is known as "Billy"by her friendsj'and General Crowdernicknamed her "Major Billy." She isshown holding the bowl from whichshe drew the capsules.WAR WHOOPING INDIANv CHASES 20 GERMANSWorks So Fast That Even theEnemy Stops to Watch- Crazed Redskin's Actions.One North Dakota Indian is a matchfor 20 Germans, according to a letterreceived at Mandan, N. D., from Sergt.B. H. Tostevin, now in service inFrance. The Indian is Charlie Rogers,a full-blooded Sioux of the StandingRock reservation, and a member of theEighteenth United States infantry."You ought to have seen that Indianthe first time the Boche made a' raidon our trenches," writes Sergeant Tostevin. "He leaped over the parapetswinging his old rifle over his head.He let out a yell that hejiad saved foryears, and it was a genuine warwhoopby one of the people who made warwhooping famous."The Germans were pretty close before we mixed. Rogers, of course, hadhis gun loaded with five rounds, and"his bayonet fixed. After swinging hisgun around his head a couple of times,he brought it, down to his shouldersand emptied his shells at the enemy,swung it againryelled and jabbed, andused the butt of his gun to smash theskull of another."I had my hands full all this time,but the crazed Indian's actions wereso fast that we half watched him, Germans and we fellows alike. It wasonly a small fracas anyway. Thecrazed Indian's actions terrorized theHuns and they beat it for their lives."Rogers never got a scratch. Itwas in fact very much a one-manscrap, almost an exhibition; I neversaw a man move so fast in my life,and I guess the Germans hadn't-either."Rogers is now being utilized as asniper, and is enjoying himself picking off enemy snipers, Sergeant Tostevin adds, and says "that other, Indians in the regiment are being usedfor scouting and patrol duty becauseof the natural instinct which fits themfor this kind of work.SEES SON IN MOVIESMother Recognizes Boy AmongSol-diers onsMarch."If you ever see a moving picturecamera while on the march, wave yourarm, smile and say 'Hello, mamma!'Perhaps I'll see it," was the parting injunction of Mrs. H. G. Bass of Atlanta?Ga., to her son, Lieut. Arthur Bass, ashe left them for service "over there,"Recently Mrf Bass, watching ascreen show, suddenly screamed andcried :"There he Is; see him smile andlook. I can hear him saying: 'Hello,mamma 1' " -The picture showed the Yankeesmarching smilingly down a long muddyroad toward the trenches, when suddenly there came into view the younglieutenant, who wavedt his hand jauntily and his lips moved as if obeying hismother's instructions.The picture was continued severaldays in the hope of showing other-Atlantaboys.Dog Eats Stamps.'A dog belonging to a Malvern (Ark.)druggist ate $4 worth of one-cent postage stamps one day. The stamps hadbeen left on a desk by the dog's master. The dog's owner Relieves thedog's act was prompted by patriotism,the dog believing that the more stampsBncle Sam sells the better for his.business.v Doqs Must Stay Home.' Dogs are forbidden to 'run at largetIn Chehdlis, Wash., at any time,through an ordin$mcev passed byrfheciry council a-Decause of many ; com-1plaints of ogs injuring war gardens,crUt A av " ft ,. iffI . f 't f" ' ' ' .. s-';r FRO COAST W coast h "A -EenkaWe'Chinrir&e.Tcfti'jaeny-r-And- Blrisy .Aii 6- Voic-txfche Grand ChorusI QfXocalriise. AFrom north, to south, from east towest; iIn every city, every community;In every State in the UnionRings out the grateful praise forDoan's Kidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walkof life 'Publicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And, it's all for the7 benefit of fellow sufferers-In this grand chorus of local praiseParis -is well represented.Well-known Paris peopleTell of personal experiences.SWho can ask' for better proof ofmerit?Wm. m. Dudley, 1729 Cypressstreet, Paris, says: "Some 'years ago,I found it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to'oe satisfactory andpermanently rid me of the complaint.I have good reasqn to recomnTendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise their Juse to anyone troubled with a weak!or lame back , or irregular passagesof the kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster - MilburnCo.-uMrs.f Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)""' ?S te feSUGAR RESTEICTKWS WILL BETIGHTENED. .Restrictions on the use of sugarwill be even more rigid during November and December than at present in order that the needs of thefighting forces of the United Statesand Allies may be supplied. Thefood administration' announced thatsugar allotments for household usewill be held strictly to two pounds aperson each month and that the, supply for manufacture of soft drinks,ice cream and confections will be re"duced sharply.CATAEEH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asjheycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh-Medicinewas prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is, what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F.NJ. CHENEY & CO., -Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c. Si- (adv-oct)x JB M MDON'T LKE THE GERMAN'S REPLY. vPARIS, Oct. 24. "The German reply gives no satisfaction to France,"a high authority stated to the UnitedPress to-day."President Wilson stated that theallied command should dictate theconditions of an armistice. Germanyasks it on bases advantageous to Germany. She agitates the question ofhonor, after the most numerouslies." 'A Slam.Mrs. Noel "My husband has haddyspepsia dreadfully lately." MrNock "I am so sorry, ,but I had noidea you were without a cook."N. &-'HllHKflBWHBHIHHHHHIBHiHIKiHIHBHIIt is Tjme-To BeHeat For the Winterv COAL ISYou will have to depencl largely on gas.''have' a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heaterskto select from, StartLOWRY&MAYPrompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.pood business practice demands the prompt paymentof bills. ' This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government. There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, .then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerNEWSPAPER MAN PRESCRIBESTERRIBLE PUNISHMENTFOR KAISER.For several days the LouisvilleCourier-Journal has been printing aseries of letters from people all overthe State, who responded lo the paper's invitation to state their viewsas what they would consider properand fitting" punsihment x for theKaiser and his advisors. Mr. John B.Games, a Bowling Green, Ky., newspaper man, sends in the following, inwhich doubtless all newspaper menwill concur as being a terrible punishment, even for the Kaiser:"I would inflict hm with a continuous case of virulent influenza andplace him in charge of a countryneyspaper, -where he would have to4do all its work from manager todevil,-including responsibility for theprompt delivery of the paper. Nogreater punishment could be visitedupon him, for I have tried it andknow it is .hell."JOHN B. GAMES."Bowling Green, Ky."" 1 Es feDaily Thought.They never 'fail who die in a greatcause. Byron.Critical Tastes w bothpleased and satisfied with thearoma andf lavorofuPostun.,It goes without 'saying that itshealthful and nourishing qualities far outclass those feoffeeand tearPostum comes in two forms;Postum CereaLwhich' must be boiled,and Instant Postum, made in the cupin a moment. They are equally deliciousand the cost per cup is about the same44 There's aJReoson"rmThinking, AboutSCARCEWe.tearly.W. H. CASN01T,Local ManagerSTATE FOOD ADMINISTRATORISSUES RUIING ON TURRETS?tH7Mr. Fred M. Sackett, State Food ""Administrator, has sent out the following to County Food Administrators, a copy of which, is furaishei ' 'THE NEWS by County Food Administrator Lawrence D. Mitcnell, ofNorth Middletown: v"I wish, to call your attention tothe fact that -last year a"ereat manrJ turkeys and ottfer birds suitable foriooa were wasted m tne state or Kentucky through the practice of havingraffles and shooting matches, andother forms of sport with, these birdsas prizes. ." I would appreciate your lettingit be known that the Food Administration will regard any person ,contenancing such gatmes'as unpatrioticand as failing in the spirit of foodconservation, which, is certainlynecessary aid to the government aacTthe armies in this present time ofemergency. "N - -"All persons unwilling to forego 5such, practices at this time in the ia-Jterest of National Conservation forfeit the right to be considered loyalAmericans.".ut.,$a&for.titfMTV .P&I-V?--N(InoofttriM),V " -'TTIt- v" "s" "?.:t&ra?fr'K.-V, . w,':& -x:-t':i;Vft3 ' itik. .--&g J .? L,AtJrfV-- y&25.)Ny, 3- j".V vt-K-& i v vMax imtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY...!.. rLti Vr-vi,v.j-y- .ft , r-tm)stf y. -J.F1ipYtTwrM2i& (VitMELLERSBURGMrs. H. D. Jones is also improving. Mrs. W. G.'Dailey is improvingnicely.Mr. S. C. Bascom and Dr. J. D.Calhoun were in Cincinnati on bus-Jmess Monday.T. P. Wadell and E. Martin havereturned from a two-weeks' fiishingtrip in Estill county.- Mr. G. S. Allen and sisters, Mrs.Frankie Cook and Mrs. Jane Neal,Ij&ve returned from a visit to relatives in Winchester.Mr. J. C. Head', of Lawrenceburg,was here on business Tuesday. Itwill be remembered that Mr. Head'was formerly manager of the Bourbon. Telephone Co.J. . Steager, of Winchester,was arrested here by City Marshalliinville on a charge of violating thespeed laws. He was taken beforeJudge Stewart, where he pleadedguilty and was fined $10 and costs.Witnesses testified that the car wasgoing at the rate of fifty miles ai3iour. On reaching the curve in thepike at the end of Main street themachine ran into the house of NellieHenderson, colored, who appearedagainst Staeger and claimed $50 damages. Other occupants of the car werea Mr. Haggard, of Winchester, andtwo young women from Paris, whosenames could not be learned.The Spanish influenza is on theincrease here, and unless some stepsare taken by the Board of Health tocheck the progress it will soon invade every family in town and com-'munity. It's progress here has notbeen rapid, but it is evidently growing worse. Steps should be taken to.see that all homes are placarded andv&ll inmates kept In where the diseaseis known to exist. Loafers should notbe allowed Ground the stores andother places of business. Peopleshould purchase what they need and;then. leave the business house. Allpersons should be kept away from thedepot: except the traveling public andthqse who must necessarily be therein some business capacity. You areHat only endangering yourself, butperhaps those whom you come in contact. One family makes it a businessto', loaf at the depot every evening,when it is positively known that theynave no business there except to soaknip the L. & N. heat and watch thetrain come in.In other places groups of men andvomen are not allowed on the streets.This should be done here, andnot more than two or three shouldfor. the- past three yers,fcand has realized during all that time xthat the.end could. not be far distant. ,Aoouttwo weeks a.ea Tie received a Tartialstroke -of ''paralysis in his right side,"from that time until the end ne continue to grov worse.Dvt Miller was one of the mostprominent, asKwell as one of the mostphilanthropic, citizens ofTVIillersburg.He-was a son' of Mr. and Mrs. JamesMiller, and was one of a family ofnine children. ' In his early life hewas traveling salesman for a well7known Cincinnati drug house. Laterhe onened a drus: store m the roomoccupied by the Millersburg hardwarestore, then the property of the lateMr. G. W. Bryan.After the fire of 1884 he erected aVmilriiTif on n lot ripnt1v t nrp.hasp.fifrom Mrs. Adella Miller, now of Atlanta. Ga.. and moved his drug storeto this property, which he occupieduntil the early nineties, selling tnesame to Mr. H. M. Phillips, now ofWinchester. He did not enter Jthe"practice of medicine as early as "manyof his profession, but was a successfulphysician, with a lucrative practice,as long as he continued as apracticing physician. For a numbervof yearsnis oflice was at the drug store.Later he built an office, after whichhe formed a partnership with Dr. C.B. Smith, they continuing togetherfor a, number of years, Dr. Millerthen retiring from active businesslife. In 1906 he organized the Exchange Bank, being one of the largest stockholders, and from the timethe bank was, installed until hishealth began to fail he was presidentof the institution. He has been amember of Amity Lodge No. 40, F.and A. M., since' young manhood, andhas gone through all the chairs ofthe lodge. For many years he wasSenior Deacon under the late and beloved Hiram Basset, they conferringmany degrees in the lodge of all thesurrounding counties.He was a life-long member of theMethodist church, and was active inchurch work, as in all of his undertakings. Since young manhood he hasbeen an officer in the church and wasmember of the official board at thetime of his death. It was largelythrough his effort that the presenthandsome Methodist church waserected. And it was one of theprides of his life. He was one of themost public spirited men who everlived in Millersburg, always willingand ready, often times taking thelead, to co-operate in everything thatwas for the good of his town, countyor State. He was twice united inmarriage, early in life to Miss MattieHutchcraft. Their lives were beautiful and harmonious. No couple everlived that was more highly esteemedin their community. Mrs. Miller diedin 1903. Dr. Miller was afterwardbe -seen together at any time. Thedisease can be stamped out here, as" ""iS.rSS lrIr " united in marriage to Miss AllienelTa cmnlluee on onCe to J do their i Har, and by this union his life waspart. Members of families are allow- (brightened to the fullest extent bySi to go at large on the streets in the birth of two hnZ ewliich the disease is known to exist, I f- ter the birth of these ch 1some stricken with the dise JBljgj. glar11BEe5SSSiS5&M oS. fonl! ojtiem, and was ambitious for theirSeS SuseaitbwllnbT- TlS1lieved by those in charge that he had tew days before Jea.8fen wittgotten out too soon, after having , paralysis he i celebrated hi fifty-ninth?! .li.j a r;birthdav. Those present were hisnuim nri i-i uii i s. - ia i i f v ir? i wThis must be taken in hand, it is theduty of those in authority to look af-wife, two sons, one brother, Mr. Raymond Miller, of Pueblo, Colo., andSTfti tSubE Tnd &VeSiS tte I stater, MI Mary Miller, of Atlanta,people to comply with the regulations j Ga-. it was a nappyoay, wnueS3h? State Board of Health. Unless all present including Dr Miller, rethis is done conditions will be such in alized that the end was not far dis-a few days mat iamiiies wno are j " - - - -stricken with the disease will be UI1. would be called on so soon to beUe to get assistance and perhaps ! present at the last sad rites He isproper attention. Let us look after J1,? hlSlt' lZ JSfvISi"It at once, to save all the lives we can am McClure Miller, Jr ., and L Chajand prevem, as many as possible from gJnioni those now reported -to be! Lee Miller ;of Atlanta . Ga.; two stasnftorin7wlth the disease are Rev. Jters, Mrs. It C Milam and Miss Maryw Pnrfner Mr and Mrs Thomas , Miller, both of Atlanta, Ga.-SSffiwSons?lMr.Sd MrTS! A f f" lfiotW.Bramblett and two grandsons, Miss , 4 J?lock ' m" Y1 J.8 ?m Mihi w -Rrupp Mrs T O Ralls at the grave, conducted by his pastor,&-& ill $ sssjsfamily:. Clyde Phillips has been out she be"S prevented by sickness. Hisinfl Is sufferine a relanse t niece Mrs- Adams formerly Miss Vir-? Jf tH , -,, l ?inla Hutchcraft, was also unable toDr. William McClure Miller, aged be preSent;she being confined at hersixty-nine, died Wednesday at 5:10 home at Saundersville, 'Ga., witht S a complication of diseases. Spanisll ilLflUenza. Many friends andDr. Miller has been in failing health relatives from the surrounding townswere present. fHad it4 not ben for.the restrictions on acqbuntf of Span-?ish influenza . this 4 wtfuld have been.one of the largest: funerals ever witnessed in Millersburg.The Millersburg ,,3ted CrossChapter sent a box of ' articles toCamp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, afew days ago, consisting,-of the following; 37 feather pillows, 3 sheets,106 pillow cases, a lot oftowels andhandkerchiefs. The.re- will, be anemergency meeting "of. the chapter ina few days. As special work will besent thejtn by the War Department,all members are urged tp attend thismeeting. .INMEMOBIAMSTAJNIEy iABOHj JTATTlf CHEST!HI11" miniiiiiiiiiii iihinniiiuu" BsvHiBBrHi The J. T. Hinton Co. IUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky. S3tfh,n?HrJ or Home 286 4t; MainMtor quipmtnt.Amoulinct calls' promptly attended to with ourUmemint Invalid Coach.Hoarst ustd for funeral, purposes only.,'iBbbbbbbbbbIaBBBBBHBBBBBHt .BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBVbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbC 'CHARLES W, GDLKEYWhen a good citizen, -an excellent'neighbor and a public-spirited, patriotic man, dies, his memorV andworth should receive at least a passing tribute. In the person of Mr,Charles W. Gilkey, who " laid downlife's burden at the good bid age ofseventy-eight, the community ofNorth Middletown, where most of hislife was spent, lost a splendid andhonorable citizen.Although born in Montgomerycounty, his active, long and usefullife was spent in this community, InOctober, 1866, he was married to MissMary Aronld, a most worthy helpmate. She survives him in sereneand kindly old age, a true "Motherin Israel," a most hospitable and generous friend and neighbor, "ambitious only of good deeds.' Besideshis wife three sens survive Mr. Gilkey Dr. J. A. Gilkey, the able andwell-known physician of Paris; Robt.M. Gilkey, the capable and popularSheriff of Bourbon county, and Ashton Gilkey, a prominent farmer ofthe North Middletown vicinity.Mr. Gilkey and his devoted wifeboth lived to see these sons reared tomanhood, and to assume honorableand respected places in society. Inthis there was much to give them joy,for their home in North Middletownwas ever open with genial hospitalityto their many friends and acquaintances. Mr. Gilkey took deep interestin the many public questions of theday, and was ever ready to championand defend what he deemed wasright. Bue he is gone. The community will miss his cheery companionship. And above all, to his devotedwife, who journeyed for more thanhalf a centry by his side, who was,indeed, wife, companion, guidexandhelpmate, to her the bereavement is,indeed, irreparable.To her and to her sons the deepestsympathy of this entire neighborhood)goes out, in this sad hour of theirunspeakable sorrow. "One by one thelights go out, one by one our friendsdepart," yet He who is the Resurrection and the- Life has promised thatthe darkest hours in this vale oftears are but the postals to an eternity of bliss, and that our friends"who have gone away" shall greetus again with "Happy Good Morn"ing" in the realms of that "BeautifulIsle of Somewhere."INFLUENZA CASES MUST BE ANNOUNCED ON CARDS.Office Board Of Health.Paris, Ky., Oct 18, 191 8.To the Physicians of Paris, Ky.:Recognizing the serious characterof the present epidemic ofEpizootic," whether cases are truly-Spanish Influenza or ordinary colds,this board requests that an"jnnuenza"placard be-placed on every house,where "SUSPICIOUS" cases existand that a Quarantine lastimr FOURiDAYS after FEVER REACHES!NORMAL, be maintained in allWELL DEFINED cases and thatproper measures of disinfection andHhygiene as to masks, dishes, etc., berequested.You are requested to notify Jo S.Varden, Secretary of this Boards ofexisting cases at once and request ofhim placarding or obtain placardsfrom him.All of the measures suggested agto public meetings, public funerals,etc., are still in force as made mandatory by The Kentucky State Boardof Health.C. G. DAUGHERTY,J. M. WILLIAMS,JO S. VARDEN, Secretary.(oct22-2t)STATE HEALTH BOARD OEDEBAPPLIES TO COUNTY, TOO.Notice to the Citizens of of BourbonCounty:The order of the State Board ofHealth of October 6 ' closiner allchurches, theatres and other places ofpublic assembly, public funerals, etc.,throughout Kentucky, is absolutelymandatory until the influenza epidemic is over. vTo correct any misapprehensionthat may exist,( attention is directedto the fact that all orders apply tothe country as well as to the towns.C. G. DAUGHERTY,C. B. SMITH,SILAS EVANS,County Health Officer,GEORGE BATTERTON,Ex-Offlcio Member.Bbourbon County Health Board, Oct.32, 191S.(oct22-4t)LATONIA PACES POSTPONEDACCOUNT OF EPIDEMIC,ON: -i " inniiiinntfmmitFollowers of the racing game wereagain disappointed regarding theopening of Latonia races when announcement was made yesterday byManager John Hachmeister that" the"opening had been indefinitely postponed. A conference of the membersof the State Board of Health was heldat Louisville and again at Frankfort,when an. order was issued prohibitingthe opening of Tthe track on accountof the influenza epidemic ManagerHachmeister announced that he wasunable to announce "a, date for theopening. He, added, however) thatthe racing public may depend, upon,th next announced -date for theopening! as he does not intend totake, any, more chance of disappointsIt is passing strange that anyoneat all cognizant of Governor Startley's record could for an instant accuse him of unfriendliness to labor.He has in all his acts and utterancesshown his sympathy for the' men whowear the overalls and earn their living by the sweat of their brows. Thecontract between , the Lexingtonstreet tJar 'company and its men provides -that whenever there is a disagreement which, the representativesof the company and the men can notadjust, the Governor will be calledon to name an arbitrator. Such asituation occurred recently in thatcity and the Governor named Hon.C. U. McElroy.'of Bowling Green, asarbitrator. The Republicans immediately opened up their propaganda andmade the men dissatisfied because, a&they alleged, the appointee is a firstcousin of the company's chief counsel.The men therefore, declined to accept McElroy and appealed for agovernment arbitrator. It' was agreedto and the differences settled. Now,Mr. H. 'L. Thomasv acting secretaryof Amalgamated Association Streetand Electric Railway of Kentucky,finds on investigation, which mighthave been made at first, that there isno relationship between the mennamed, except the only basis of thefoolish statement being that the attorney's wfe is distantly related toMcEroy's step father. He has accordingly made due apology to Gov. Stanley and says that not only he but menand organized labor generally willgive the governor hearty support.Thus falls another effort of the interested to discredit the man who islabor's heartiest champion. As Congressman and7 as Governor, Stanleyhas accomplished much for the workingman and all intelligent laborerswill show their appreciation by theirvotes for him for United States Senator. tel 15S IBB',, i i ' ' ' iT., W Vv X . - .V H ". . ' HGAS HEATEES CONNECTEDFKEE OF CHARGE.UPNow is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near "at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Ssi te pa iBIRTHS.In this city Tuesday, to the wifeof Mr. C. A. Ellis, of High street, adaughter.At North Middletown, to the wifeof Mr. Magnus E. Rash, a daughter,christened Wilhemina.At the Massie Memorial Hospital,in Paris, to the wife of Prof. J. T.Hazelrigg, of Shelbyville, a daughter,ennstened Helen Taylor Hazelrigg.Miss Hazelrigg was formerly MissHelen Daugherty, daughter of Mrs.O A. Daugherty, of Paris.(Advertisement.)tExtracts From Gov. Stanley'sSpeeches.. On March 1619,18, Governor Stanleymade a speech in Cincinnati, Ohio. TheCincinnati Enquirer, a Democratic newspaper, in its issue of March 17, 1918, reports his speech as follows:He also sailed into the Prohibitionists by declaring there is littleuse of our boys laying down their- lives for liberty in France "if a lotof fanatics and cranks" are allowedto deprive Americans of liberty athome. "These fanatics are worsetyrants than the Kaiser, and are"bigger fools," was1 his parting shot.This was quoted in an ' editorial in theLexington Herald, also a Democratic newspaper, in its issue of date March JL 9, 1918,and that paper made this comment:Would it not be better for theGovernor of Kentucky, in whom, isinvested the supreme executivepower of the State, to exert himselfto provide a force to preserve peacein Kentucky, than to be "overthere" across the Ohio declaiming about "pellets of lead from flaming rifles" and denouncing Prohibitionists as "worse tyrants than theKaiser and bigger fools?"(oct22-3t)sssai-.Quick Action DemandedBUY YOUR SHOES NOW!We cannot too strongly urge you to buy your needsnow. Prices greatly advanced in all lines of shoes.Our enormous stocks in our retail stores and mammoth warehouses only enables us to still give youthese incomparable values.Greatest and Most Complete Selection of New,Stylish Men's, Women'sand Children's Footwear at Prices we willbe Unable to Duplicate." Ic Jt 12k-terWe offer the most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey and.Mahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atSPECIALBARGAINPRICES-0&.. M;Don't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,custom made, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tops, at. .' ,Ladies' Mahogany . Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to-match, atLadies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low Uheel, atLadies' Gun Metal", button,,low heel, at$5.95$5.00$3.95$3.49$2.49Tan English benchTMV.. TV 1xtxcu B xai-K an ungnsn Dencn C CAmade, at $9OUmen Bian jcjngnsn, jest Makes, a (-Sh".!y.;6S'.$3l49Men's and Boys' R J. Best Wear- a riAing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $4.UUtfoys'atTan Home Guard Shoes.1$3.49DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWBereBty and.Ecbnditty Reignrt1Hnm& tne patrons oi tne irxcjc.-1-t -' r r..- ;?- ' - .-- - --V-.AfrVsA"jf"