THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.S.s-fVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1918NBOTJKBOff RESPONDS LIBERALLYTO APPEAL OF RED CROSS.The appeal of the "Greatest of AllMothers," the American Red Cross,like the appeal of motherhood inevery instance, was not in vain herewhen Bourbon county oversubscribedits allotment of $20,000 in the second campaign for war funds. "Whenthe result was announced at theclose of the meeting at the GrandOpera House Sunday afternoon, itwas found that the allotment hadgone over the limit by $2,000.A magnificent audience gatheredat the Opera House at three o'clockSunday afternoon, and every available foot of seating space and standin? room, as well, was taken whenthe proceedings were opened. Themeeting was called to order by StateChairman John It. Downing, of Lex-JHilton, wiiu luiu ui Liie wuib. cuieauthat would be necessary in order toplace Kentucky in the first rank ofthe Red Cross work in this territory.f The organization had been put ingood shape by County Chairman Jas.Caldwell, and when the call for con-'. tributions began, the money andpledges poured in like rain drops ina storm, until the tellers grew tiredand the outsider could not begin tokeep an accurate record of the contributions. They came in sums offrom $1,000 down to $1, and the response was something inspiring andinspiriting.Following the introductory remarks by Mr. Downing and Mr. Caldwell. Col. John R. Allen, the principal speaker oT the afternoon, delivered an interesting address, whichheld the big audience spellbound byits eloquence and forcefulness. Hepaid his respects to the slacker, theGerman spy and the other detestableswho throng the world stage to-dayin the great struggle. Preceding andfollowing Col. Allen's address theBoys' Band from the Odd Fellows', Home, at Lexington, and the Community Chorus, under the direction ofMr. A. L. Boatright, rendered a musical program of patriotic airs. Mr.James McClure and Mr. John T. Collins were appointed to take chargeof the contributions, while Messrs.George Doyle, John W. Yerkes andBernard Santen acted as tabulatorsand tellers. The first call for contributions was met with a responseof $1,000, and from that time on thecontributions flowed in so fast thatit was almost impossible for the tabulators to keep track of them. Butthey did so by hard work, and thefinal result was announced as being$22,000.One of the saddest notes of thisfestival of giving, when everyone wasFRANK&COTHE RELIABLE STOREGREATREDUCTIONSonSpring1 CoatsandSuitsf- fX 1 tur ,1FRANKy?trying to do his of her bit was theaction of one of the best-known menin Paris, a man is comparatively on"Easy Street" ' in a financial way,who refused to contribute a cent tothe fund. He was approached by thesoliciting committee and asked howmuch he desired to contribute to theRed Cross. To their utter, amazement he replied that he would -notand could not give anything. Thecommittee after a consultation, toldhim they would make him see thingsin a different light, and it is be hoped that he will. As a direct opposite of the contemptible action ofthis man, was that of a woman onCypress street, who when appproachaA by the committee, gave them sixty-fivecents, saying it was all shehad, but that she wished it was sixty-fivethousand, instead. The members of the committee proffered thereturn of the money, but the patriotic little woman refused to accept,saying that while it wasn't much itwas all she could give, and thatshe wanted the Red Cross to haveit. It has been stated that this "patriotic" citizen who refused to makea contribution to the Red. Cross hasbeen notified by the proprietors of acertain store where he has beenmaking headquarters that his roomwas preferable to his company in thefuture. A later report states theman(?) sent a check for $50.On Saturday afternoon a considerable sum was added to the fund bythe sale of furniture belonging to theParis Lodge of Elks, and four muleswhich had been patriotically donatedby Mr. William Sparks, of thecounty.That the total subscription for thecounty in the campaign would goover $25,000 was confidently predicted last night by Chairman Caldwell and the campaign chairmen.Several committees in the countyhad not reported in full late yesterday afternoon, at which time thetotal had reached nearly $25,000,exclusive of Millersburg. The committee at the time THE NEWS closed its forms last night, expressedthe opinion that the total would beclose to $30,000.S3 AlA HERO EVERY DAY.Many times every year Americanseamen risk their lives in trying tosave others. Charles J. Jones, anoiler on the U. S. S. Machias, has justbeen commended for such an act. Hesaw a British enlisted man fall overboard from a neighboring ship, and,diving in fully clothed, brought theman to safety. Jones enlisted in thenavy in 1913 at San Diego, Cal.,where his wife now resides.-w.i, ?'.ef- -:.'!& CO.wSSSLmEkwjxri-.v - v !vr w -;IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.LieutvWebb Bratton, of the 46thInfantry' U. S. A., stationed at CampGordon, Ga., is here for a few days'visit to his mother, Mrs. J. L. Bosley, on the Bratton farm near NprthMiddletown. "The report made to officials of theY. M. C. A. at Camp Zachary Taylorshows that 18,390 letters were written in the Y. M. C. A. building atthe Camp by the soldier boys to theirmothers on Mothers' Day.Mr. Wm. T. Woodford, a prominent attorney of Kansas City, Mo., isvisiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ben Woodford, Sr.f near Paris, beforereporting at Fort Funston, Kansas,for enlistment in the U. S. army.Sergeant Harry Barlow has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor, after ashort visit to his parents, Mr. andMrs. H. B. Barlow, of Tenth street.Sergeant Barlow says all the Bourbon county boys in Camp Taylor areanxious to get overseas and have atry at the Boches.Frank A. Higgins, who is a member of the Bourbon county contin-igent in the Field Artillery branch,at Camp Zachary Taylor, is at thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. V. Higgins, near Paris, on sickleave. Mr. Higgins has been suffering with an affection of the ear fori some time.A post card from Ben Leach, ofParis, who is now on the U. S. S.Illinois, stationed on the Atlanticcoast, says he is nicely situated andlikes navy life immensely. Leachand Carl Mitchell, both of Paris,were recently transferred from theNewport News training station tothe Illinois.Miss Lucille Sprake, who has beenvisiting her mother, Mrs. LucySprake, and other relatives in' thiscity and county, has returned to Louisville. Miss Sprake is a graduatenurse, and a member of Dr. Abel BaseHospital Unit, which will be orderedto France this summer. The unitwas recruited almost entirely fromLouisville doctors, enlisted men andnurses.Dr. Graham Edgar, formerly "ofParis, has been sent from his position as head of the chemistry department at the University of Virginiato take up special war duties in thedepartment of chemistry at Washington. Dr. Edgar is a son of thelate Col. George M. Edgar, and abrother of Mrs. J. T. Vansant. Hegraduated at the University of Kentucky in 1907.A letter was received by CharlesA. Offutt, colored, residing nearParis, from his grandson, OffuttSpears, who is stationed at CampZachary Taylor, in which he statedthat he had been promoted to therank of Second Sergeant, in Co. F,of the First Provisional Regiment(colored.) Spears stated that thecompany now has three non-commissionedofficers from Bourbon county.A "Mothers' Day" letter writtenby Mr. Joe Letcher, formerly ofParis, pays a beautiful tribute tothe mothers and womanhood of America in these times or stress and trial.Mr. Letcher wrote from Charlestown,Mass., where he is stationed in theCharlestown Navy Yard as a memberof the U. S. Marine Corps. Mr.Letcher gave up a promising careerin the journalistic field for love ofcountry in order to get in the service. At the services held at the NorthMiddletown Christian church Sundaya golden star was placed on the service flag recently unfurled thereThe star was placed on the flag inhonor of Private Elgin Dalzell,whose death was the iirst one in theranks of the boys who went fromthis county to answer their country'scall. Private Dalzell died in the hospital at Philadelphia, after an honorable service in the Philadelphia NavyYard.In the list of forty-five men whohave been summoned by the FayetteCounty Drafting Board to appear before them on Thursday morning,May 23, for entrainment' for. Ft.Thomas, are the names of the following well-known in Paris as formerresidents: - Harry Giovannoli Tingle,a grandson of the late A. J. "Lovely,Jr.: John T. Dickey, son of the lateJohn T. pickey; Frank , LawrenceMcCarthy; son of the late P. I. McCarthy; Louis -Margolis, for a longtime employed in -a Greek restaurant in Paris; Frank I. Hoche son ofMrs. T. F. Roche; 7Fred Grant Erd,manager of .the Paris Grand" OperaHouse. "Mr. Edward C. Doty, of Bans, a lmember of the crew of the U, S. S."Nevada," .writes from his ship, asfollows:,"Must certainly tell you liaw gladwe are to get THE BOURBOtt NEWS.Read every line in it. I am stilj onthe good ship Nevada, and believe meit is getting more like home everyday. We have established a. crew'slaundry on board the ship, so thatwe poor jacktara don't have to breakour backs scrubbing clothes any longer This ship is great forsport, and you know that just suitsalf the sailors: ,le ftdvjtne ctiam-TWENTY-OME BOURBON BOYS GOTO FT. THOMAS.The twenty Bourbon county boyswho were summoned in the emergency call recently sent out by the Government, left for Ft. Thomas, nearNewport, yesterday morning. Theywere accompanied by Mr. Kimbrough Duvall, who volunteered inthe service and was accepted by theBoard Saturday.The young men reported at thecourt house Sunday afternoon, wherethey were given their final instructions and presented with toilet articles, tobacco and cigarettes, fromthe people of Paris. Sunday nightthe young men were entertained witha dining at Stout's Cafe. Col. JohnR. Allen made an address to them.Headed by the Paris Drum Corps andaccompanied by the officials of theBourbon County Exemption Boardthey formed m line on the courthouse plaza at 7:15 yesterday morning and marched to the Tenth streetpassenger station of the L. & N.,vhere they entrained for Ft. Thomas.Those who answered their country's call yesterday were:i 942 (598) Walter Brown" 945 (1171) Thomas Leslie Cummins. 963 (845) Otis Coldiron.967 (1036) Frank Lapsley Haskins. 971 (1486) John Jerome Langefels. 974 (310) Sidney E. Ormes.978 (991) Matt Adams.983 (1084) Wm. Bealert.990 (1009) Simon Offutt Buchanan. 1006 (1224) Jesse Beckett.1008 (1202) James Mclntyre.1009 (1015) Wlburn Crump.1013 (885) Sherman Jennett.1025 (1215) George Toohey.1036 (1405) John G. Linengood.1046 (821) Jos. Henry Williams.1055 (669) Wm. Russell Blount.1056 (1030) Wm. Thomas Genedon, (Ravena, Ky.)1061 (1228) George EdwardBurns.1065 (1399) Stoner Keller.Next week fifteen more, who wereselected under a previous call, willleave Paris for Camp Zachary Taylor, where they will enter the service. These men, who will leave onMay 29, are:474 (1489) Harry Leeds.611 (1283) Thos. McVay.655 (1487) Cleve Lewis.662 (1505) Mike Shannon.708 (827) Leland Hudson Barnes,(Mt. Sterling.)857 (988) J. Scott Woodford.871 (1404) Floyd Lanter.894 (.283) Lee Grimes.914 (667) Jas. Lot Banta.916 (463) Richard English.917 (1515) Andrew J. Turney.919 (531) Alva M. Barnett.926 (351) Walter Hobert Case.930 (1297) Harold UrmstonShropshire.938 (782) Martin Stephen Glenn.HEAD OF RACING ASSOCIATIONCONFIDENT OF RED CEOSSMr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,chairman of the committee designated by the Kentucky State RacingCommission to raise the $40,000which the breeders of thoroughbredhorses are to make up as their partof the Red Cross war fund, said yesterday: "Our committee is very hopefulthat it will be able to raise the entire sum during the forthcomingweek of the campaign for the RedCross. We do not wish to defer thepledging of our contributions untillater in the fall. I will be verygrateful if the newspapers w411 makeit known to all who are interestedm the thoroughbred horses thatthey can make- their contributions through me with the perfectassurance that each contribution willbe accredited to the Red Cross Chapter in the towr.. rity or locality inwhich the contributor resides, or toany Chapter he may indicate. Ingiving through our committee hehelps us and at the same time takesnothing from his home Chapter. Ishall be very glad to take the contributions of the horsemen in Bourbon county.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts"OLD DEFECTIVE FLUE" CAUSESFIEE ALARM.An alar from Box 24, at 9:40Saturday morning called the fire department to a frame house on Pearlstreet. A defective flue started asmall blaze on the roof, which wassoon extinguished. Property losssmall.Fluty Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan., , j--. -y-pion race hoat crew of the Atlanticfleet, and hope to keep it. We lostone of our race bdat men, GeorgeCanter, of Camp Nelson, Ky., whowas killed in line of duty on May 6.He was a good friend" of Harry andWalter Leeds, of Paris I haven'tseen Ben Leach or Carl Mifch'ell sincethey enlisted in the outfit. They arein what' we" call the 'crab fleet. Gee,'but they should be on a real ship,like Bennington, Fitz and me. Tlielast, t)me I saw Ed. Fitzpatrick hewas" in splendid health and seemed toenjoying his new home fine. It's' nojoke' Fitz is sure some fealty sailor.WeIl there goes the bugle.Farewell; Good luck ttf all, and tifhell -with' the Kaiser.''SHALL WE DO LESS FOR OUE SOLDIERS? If the motive of thrift does not appeal to you in the matter of purchasing War Savings Stamps, consider the appeal of your patriotism.Our country is engaged in a terriblewar. Thousands of our brothers areenduring the miseries of camp lifeand the fearful strain and danger ofthe trenches. Thousands of them willoffer their lives, other thousands willbe maimed or crippled or injured inhealth. The country needs money tomaintain them and to make theirservice effective. The War SavingsStamps and Certificates are a meansof raising this needed money. Thecountry looks to you to furnish it.It is your part in winning the warfor democracy.How small a part it is. It may require some self-sacrifice as to luxuries or pleasures. It may, indeed,demand self-denial and abstinencefrom comforts even a reduction inthe amount of what are regarded asnecessaries. But even if it does, whatare these discomforts compared withthose suffered by the young men wHoare fighting your battles?Your part is indeed small in thegreat sacrifice. Will you not cheerfully, manfully "do your bit?"BEAT, ESTATE DEALS.Mr. and Mrs. Willis Golden havesold their farm of 130 acres on theClintonville and Chilesburg pikes, inthis county, to Mr. B. F. McKinney,of ' Fayette county. .The purchaseprice was $20,000.At Flemingsburg last week Auctioneer George D. Speakes sold atpublic auction for Dr. U. S. Henry,of Paris, twenty-three building lotsfor a total of?7,305, or an averageof $322.WOOL WANTED.Call and get sacks andtwineR. B. HUTCHCR AFT & CO.(apr30-6t)- m i m. TO ADMINISTER ESTATEIn the County Court Judge Batterton appointed Mrs. Carrie LarueWoodford as administratrix of theestate of her deceased husband, Mr.Wm. B. Woodford, who died someweeks ago at his home near Paris onthe Winchester pike. Mr. Woodfordleft no will, and the estate, comprising about one thousand acres of fineBluegrass land, together with thepersonal property, will so ' to Mrs.Woodford, and other heirs in Paris,the county and in Lexington.Mrs. Woodford qualified for the position by furnishing bond in the sumof $30,000, signed by Mr. BucknerWoodford, as local representative ofthe U. S. Fidelity and GuaranteeCompany.WE KNOW HOWmHAS ARRIVEDWELL DRESSED MEN will now layaside their felt hats for one 'of the new,snappy straws. We have a most completeshowing in all the new shapes and braids. Splits,Sennets, Leghorns, Panamas and Bankoks in all thenew shapes and styles.Split Straws and Sennets$2.00 to $5.00Leghorns '$5.00 to $6.50Panamas$5.00 to $10.00Good dressers select their hats with more carepossibly than any other articles of their wardrobes,and if you select your straw hat from our store youwfll' wear a becoming hat.VMITCHELL &STETSON HATSNETTLETON SHOESMES. W. A. HARP TO BE MEMBEROF M. C. FACULTY.Mrs. Willie Anderson Harp, whohas for several years successfullyconducted the Paris Home School in.this city, and made it one of the "beatknown institutions of learning inthis section, has accepted a positionas member of the Millersburg College faculty Mrs. Harp will be director "of the Preparatory Departmentin the institution.Mrs. Harp is the organizer andhas been the director of the ParisHome School for the past five years.She was educated in the GeorgetownCollege, and also received specialtraining in her line of work in Chicago, and Chautauqua, New York,under the noted artist in preparatorywork, Miss Ada Vanstone Harris, ofthe Horace Mann Model School InColumbia. She has been a most successful educator, having taught inGeorgetown College for twelve years,and here in her own school for liveyears, with a great deal of success.It is with profound regret and sorrow that the many friends and patrons of the Home School learn ofMrs. Harp's transfer to qther fieldsof activity.EXPLOSION IN CHEMICAL PLANTKILLS HUNDREDS.Probably two hundred persons,and possibly more, were killed in anexplosion that wrecked the plant ofthe Aetna Chemical Company at Oakdale, Pa., near Pittsburg. A premonitory blast in the soda housecaused the workers to rush for theexits, but blast followed blast in close'succession and fire followed the terrific explosions that threw the factoryhigh into the air. Even the rescuershad difficulty in taking aid to thevictims and many of them were added to the long list of injured. Theloss is estimated at 1,500,000.Sa 1SWEET POTATO PLANTS ANYQUANTITY SPECIAL PRICESON BIG LOTS.Sweet potato plants. Special priceon large quantities.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(17-3wks)S3 13 HiGERMAN PLOT UNEARTHED 'INOLD IRELAND.A proclamation issued in Dublin,Ireland, says a German plot in Ireland has been discovered. Tn theproclamation the Viceroy calls upont all loyal Irishmen to tteteat me coni R-nirap.v.A dispatch to the uxcnange telegraph, in London, says a proclamation was issued, signed by Edwardcvinrtt Phipf Secretary for Ireland."-- -r - - - .m-I asserting that certain persons in Ireland have been in communication1 with Germany "reflecting on " Ireland's fair name."I The proclamation urges voluntaryrecruiting so that compulsion mey beavoided.wIt-mIE:41K1iIIKI;"it1IvlIIX -IK'fI1SJ vBLAKEMORESTEIN-BLOCH CLOTHES.MANHATTANISHIRTS "I.'1IIAGE TWOIKE BOURBON NEWS'tablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Eriday.-Per -Year. . $2.00 6 Months. . ?1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theafcaracter, standing or reputation of-may person, firm or corporation which.hmY appear in the columns of THE"iBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corfStoted if brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATES(splay Advertisements, $1.00 perXiach for first time; 50 cents per inch-each subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linecU issue; reading notices in blackTcsypo, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidfixates, obituaries and resolutions, and'similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special .rates for large advertise-crsents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedv7fc decline any advertisement or othertoatter for publication.Announcements for Dolltical officesitasfll invariably be accompanied by&he cash.- - - This paper has enlisted"With the government in thexause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIALJIUSINGS.-JSSSfWell, well, we heard one of oursubscribers utter an oath the other-day, a person who had never beforebroken the commandment,"that we know of. When he explained to us that the cause was an aching tooth we felt that he would have3ut little trouble in receiving forgiveaiess, for the tooth that needs to comevout-has conquered all men and allwomen.It has been soothed and coaxed.2t bas been held, near the fire until;he cheek abutting it has been nearlyzroasted. It has been chloroformed."iEt has been fed on essence of juniperand essence of peppermint and oil ofcloves and all the other many things33iat are widely known as antidotes.It bas been filled. Its nerve has beenkilled. Its miserable prisoner has-been immured from fresh air like aprisoner.- This tooth sometimes sleeps, but itnever forgets. It is treacherous whenIt seems tranquil. It ulcerates at"Vie roots when its possessor is aboutto indite a touching letter, take a-trip or get married. It longs for release and hungers for the forceps.It may seem to compromise, but it-merely bides its time. Its favoriterecreation hour is just after midmigbt, when the druggist and thedentist have retired. If the grouchis piercing it is fairly diabolical with? activity.vTliere is no use in contestingt .issues 'with this mutinous and molesting molar.' Fight rheumatism if youwill, but throw up the sponge att (Shis altercation. You have blistered; -you mouth and ruined your digestivei organs and quarreled with yourfamily and friends long enough. Gof- tell' the dentist to pull your head offand, the darned grinder with it, and" iirve on :soup, if need bp, but have"peace 'once-more. Jerk the abomina--lionont 'and it will be content, aneverlasting plague on it. This is"from one who has taken the thirtythird degree along the line!Seems An Unjust Law.Newspaper publishers are untir-Ing in the effort to have CongressTepeal the heavy increase in postageto which they will.be subjected July1 on at least defer the time for the:new law to go into effect. It is'claimed" that the increase will put aJlarge number of papers out of business, and seriously cripple all of the. others.There seems to us to be no goodreason why the papers should be dis--- -criminated against. The Government.needs them more than ever to giveHjublicity and assistance to the vari-oua plans for raising money and oth-er efforts. They gave millions of. dollars' worth of free advertising tothe Bale of the Liberty Bonds, .and.'wit&out their aid they could not have"leefi near, so successfully floated.Ana. HE NEWS a proud of the as--JBlstaace it rendered in all thesetaOToments. But the Government-pwos it to the publishers to be.frimdlyrand as liberal with-them as"possible, because of this and thecryiitalrzatlon 'Of the public senti-' mmi 4 favor of supporting thejtwitjn every way. The part ofwisdom demands the reconsiderationvjof HJhe-law, which is an unjust one.WelVDaiin Em All.' "What would be more detestable torssfke-civilized men and women of thiscountry1 than 2the warfarethe Germans wage,- as 'reflected in a photograph of the maternity ward in aParis, France, hospital, where babiesin their cribs were killed by the German long range guns, which have nomore military value than a Zepplindriven by a drunken German with ahod of bombs."To Hell with the Hohenzollernand the Hapsburg," says Henry Watterson, the most picturesque andforceful figure in the journalisticworld to-day. We agree, but we alsowant to go just a little bit furtherand say to send all the militarybaby-killers to the infernal regionsalong with them. There is no neednow, and there is no excuse of differentiating between the Postdamgang of baby-killers and the rest ofthe piratical, murdering, pillagingplundering bunch of "Kulturites."Always For Home Interests.There are but few editors in ourState who have not made a vigorousand continuous fight against the citymail order house. This has beendone in the interest of the home merchant, and without money and without price. If the editors of the landhad received regular advertisingrates for all they have said againstthese enemies of the country merchant they could be wearing dia-jmonds. Now the department storeman appreciates advertising spaceand is willing to take all the averagecountry editor has for sale, and at agood price. What other class ofbusiness or professional man wouldrefuse business to help their friends,especially as many of said friendsnever seem in the least disposed toreturn the compliment or even appreciate it.Don't Patch The Roads.The time has come when unscientific patching of country roads oughtto cease. The farmer needs a goodroad a great deal more than thepleasure driving automobilist. Tothe latter a bad road means simplya little discomfort. To the farmerit means many hours of time wastedwhile he draws his loads through thesloughs of mud. It means that hemust keep more horses and that hisbeasts of burden will wear out quicker. Let every farmer insist that theroad officials of his neighborhood domodern, scientific work.Get a Hustle On.The man who sets with expectantcountenance and idle hands waitingfor prosperity to jolt up against him,and ask to be taken in over night,bids fair to be disappointed again.There was never a time yet whenprosperity was looking around forfurnished rooms in the house of anyperson on record. Prosperity is notthat kind of an animal and no manshould sit-with his mouth open waiting for the morsel of the succulentarticle to drop into it. He will catchnothing but a few unsatisfactoryflies, and perhaps a bad cold. Theman who is really desirous of cultivating the acquaintance of the illusive creature will have to put hishustling clothes on, as heretofore,and get up and dust.Our Merchants Liberal.Other towns may be jealous of ourlittle city and its trade, but there isno jealousy on our part of our people.Our merchants and our business menare liberal in their dealings and holdout inducements in both quality andprice to draw trade. They advertisethis fact, and when people come theyfind things as advertised, and this,with the disposition to please aresure trade winners. This is why people are coming from other towns totrade. You can't keep them away.ADVICE TO WOOL GROWERSReports from Washington and Boston, Massachusetts, state that themembers of the Boston Wool TradeAssociation have agreed to acceptMajor General Goethal's proposal tofix the price of wool at present on abasis of the price of July 30, 1917.The Government will take over allwool in the warehouses on this basis.If holders do not agree to sell, theirwool will be commandeered. Thegreater part of this wool will beused by the Government for uniforms and other Government supplies and that which remains will bedistributed among the mills for civilian needs. Major Gen. Goethal advises all wool centers that the 1918clip should notbe disposed of duringthe next thirty days in order thatthe Government may have time todetermine its exact needs for thecoming year. Reports from Washington indicate that the Governmentwill arrange to receive the 1918 clipon the basis of the price mentioned,but urges the producers not to dispose of their wool until more definite information is made available.It would seem advisable for Kentucky wool producers to pack andstore their season's clip in the bestpossible way for at least a few wetksuntiL the Government has issued,issued more definite information. Careshould be taken by producers to so.pack their wool that the quality w:illnot he injured either by staining ormildew. In packing wool awayeither store it fn'woorsacks or iri aclean, dry bin.The Department of Animal Hus-J bandry of the College of Agriculture,Lexington, will be glad to offer further suggestion on storage and theDepartment of , Markets will be pleased to give further information regarding the marketing problem atthe earliest "date at which it receives further definite information-I from Washington.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Lumping Tfitm Off.A tiny Kokomo girl made' it tier custom to enumerate by name allthemembers of "the family and the closefriends, in the evening prayers, but atthe close of a strenuous day of playlast week she was tired, and afterthe opening petition she yawned, thenadded sleepily : "And please just blessthe whole bunch." Indianapolis News.One Inch 100 Miles.Telephone experts declare that if aperson sppnlcing over a phone holdsthe transmitter four Inches from hismouth It Is equivalent to adding about220 miles to the line over which heis conversing, says Popular Mechanics Magazine. Carelessness in the manner of using a telephone instrumentit one of transmission. The best results are obtained by allowing abouthalf an Inch to intervene between themouth and the transmitter.Enamel From Trees.The beautiful enamel which Is usedfor covering Japanese trays, boxes,etc., and on which the painted birds,flowers and figures show so brilliantly,is obtained from the sap of the lacquer tree. This tree grows sometimesto the height of 30 to 40 feet in Japan.... ; rao: . sanaa-Birds' 'Christmas, Ofnne r.A traveler n Sweden" telisTof a pretty custom : Nqt. a t peasant will sitdown" with his children to a Christmasdinner, indoors", till he has first raisedaloft a Christmas dinner for the littlebirds that live In the cold and snowwithout."English lo Bad Enough. 'Why talk of the "difficulty of pronouncing Polish, Austrian, Russian orRoumanian names when ninety-nineout of every hundred cannot pronouncescores and scores of, English names TJust think of Bertie pronounced asBarty, Dilwyn as Dillon, Belcolr asBeever, Featherstonhaugh as Festnnhaw, Dafzell as Dee-el, Ruthven asRlwan. And these are by no meansthe worst cases San Francisco Chronicle. Artificial Eyes for the Dtad.Oddly enough the first artificial eyeswere not made for living persons butfor the dead. In the days of the earliest "Pharaohs the Egyptian embalmersremoved the eyes of the defunct (forwhat would nowadays be called a"swell funeral"), poured plaster orwax Into the sockets and set In thelatter eyes of volcanic glass or semiprecious stone of one kind or another.-BsBHFt4aVHHHHHBaasEKaHUT of the bleeding heart of Europe there comes a cry heardabove the moan of the broken body racked with pain. TheSoul of Freedom, at bay with Death, cries out to save Liberty forthe race of men.It is your Liberty, your nation's freedom, your children'sbirthright, that is fighting for its life.All that life holds for you as American is at stake in thiswar, and you must fight for it to the utmost limits of your power.We cannot all be in the trenches, but every one of us canand must sustain those who are. Uncle Sam needs a lift over there.Not as an act of roex5cy,..but as an act of war as a Soldierof the Nation help the Red Gross heal, support, cheer our Soldiers and Sailors of Liberty that they may fight the sooner, theharder, the longer in this Holy War.Give to the Red Cross every dollar, every cent that youpossibly can give till yoor heart says stop. Millions of loyal Americans will pledge a part of each month's earnings during June, July,August and September. $100,000,000 must be raised in one week.What Will You Do To Help ?Red Cross 2nd War Fund May 20-27Brery cent given to Red Cross War Pond goes forWar Relief.The American Red Cross is' the largest aad mostefficient organization for the relief of Buffering thatthe world has ver seen.It is made op almost entirely of volunteer workera, 10,000,000 anselfish AmnHcuw.It U today bringing ratiafr to suffering humanity,both military and cIyO, In erery war-torn Allied'country. IIt is tkere to help oar soktier' boys in time ofneed.1 To Help Win The War LThis Space is Patriotically Donated byFarmers & Traders BankR. P. Walsh$ ifi -H ,V-f iiMBwrIRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Far Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)Professional Cards.WML GRAN NANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.H2KSJBBy helping the starving women and children inthe ruined districts of France and Italy it performsa distinctly military service. A soldier who knowsthat Red Cross is helping his family fights withrenewed spirit.Thus does Bed Cross help to win the war.Congress authorizes it.President Wilson heads itThe War Department audits its accounts.Tour Army, yomr Nary, and your Allies ecthosiasticaHy endorse It.Twenty-two million Americans have joined iLTUESDAY, MAY 21, 1S18.Farms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. (14-6t)LOSTBetween the residence of MrsBelle Adair, on the Lexington pikeand Cohen's Shoe Store, a horseshoe-shapeddiamond pin, with goldscroll work on side of horseshoe. Reward for return to BOURBON NEWSoffice.WHOLESALEGROCERYWANTEDI want to buy a small wholesalegrocery. Will leave present management in charge. Strictly confidential. Address,P. O. BOX 596,Cincinnati, Ohio.JS"s'. '"KTHIS BOURBON HEWSLr '. --,' ' -ii-.i-J'Kfr "vP1GI' -v jyg. .y TJraw-Mjiaasftjoeraa - - '.ua-jsjvirf,,IKSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.- JU iYTUESDAY, MAY 21, 1918.IN.lXriff'fr-1rWTifX1'IvheZrendleton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX MOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSPinYou CanYour FaithOn our Optical work. Go into theeyeglass question, carefully before youbuy Glasses. It is is as dangerous towear glasses furnished by anyone buta graduate Optometrist as it is towear glasses fitted to someone else'seyes. You incur no obligation by requesting our advice about your eyes.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main St-rTwin Bros.Department StoreSpANNOUNCING AeciaiuaieOF THEFAMOUStiff b!&&$&5EL u&IB K -vP 1'IP' DRESSEST$8.75and$14.75We have a splendid assortment ofChildren'sSilk DressesSizes from 8 years to 14years. Come in and seethem.Twin Bros.Dtpartmcnt StoreCABAL BROSBARBER SHOPMICKIE SAYStcoojk, VMt S&NT VOUSTATEMENT- SUREWE KNOW VER GOOD FECT AhV ltviTENO TO PANfH FIRMS WE. BON OORPAPER AN' INK FROM KNOWWE'RE CrOOO, BUT WE GOT0 PAN EM EVERV THRTVER SlXTV DANS JE.ST THEsame, so ne got-i"& e-i-rOUR tSAONEN WHEN ITS DUE.ERNWE CAN'T PANOur. biv-us, SEE'.Prompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toCOMES FROM ALASKA TO RAISEKENTUCKY GORN."Uncle Sam called and I am hereto answer his call," said L. B. Anderson, a successful farmer at the ageof 74, "and I have come all the wayfrom Alaska to raise corn in 'OldKentucky.' " He presented a letterof introduction hearing the signature of the American Southern National Bank of Anchorage, Alaska, tothe Anchorage, Ky., bank of the samename.Anderson -has been a farmer in.Alaska for 28 years. Practically allof this time he spent raising potatoes, making quite a fortune on. theproduct. He realized $50 a ton lastyear and $24 a ton this year for hiscrop.BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh Vegetables .MEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsJhere.Mrs. John Mattox has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Lon Curran, in Cynthiana.Mr. a-nd Mrs. J. H. O'Neill, ofLebanon, Ohio, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Charles Whaley, in this city.Mrs. R. L. Starts, who has beena guest of relatives in this city forseveral days, has returned to herhome in Midway.Mrs. Clarence Kenney was aweek-end guest of Mrs. J. H. Croxton, and daughter, Miss Lelia Croxton, near Winchester.Miss Lula Christine, Buchananis quite ill at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Buchanan,on Henderson street.Mrs. Wm. I. James has returnedto her home in the Henry Adition,after a visit to her sister, Mrs. LolydNelson, in Winchester.Miss Dorcas Wagoner has returned to her home near this cityafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Frank:Barnes, near Cynthiana.Miss Alpha Traylof, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. Chas. Burns, on,South Main street, has concluded hervisit and has returned to her home inStanford.Misses Clarine Smart and LinaCrowe and Mr. Ben Houston attended the entertainment given inCarlisle by the Senior Class of theCarlisle High School.Miss Louie Bruer, formerly ofParis, had as her guest last week inWinchester, Mrs. Henry A. Power,Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, Mrs. EdwardPrichard and children, all of thiscity.Mrs. George Rassenfoss anddaughter, Mrs. J. R. Miller, and thelatter's little son, J. R. Miller, Jr., ofMt. Sterling, were week-end guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Frank Jacobs.Mrs. Wm. H. Fisher is a guest offriends and relatives in St. Louis, Mo.Mrs. Fisher accompanied her son,Capt. Neville Fisher, who was enroute to his command at Ft. Riley,Kansas, as far as St. Louis.Mrs. Milton C. Browning, ofCleveland, Ohio, and sister, Mrs.Jack Fitzgerald, of Avon-on-the-Lake,New Jersey, who were calledhere by the death of their brother,Mr. B. A. Frank, have returned totheir respective homes.Mrs. George W. Stuart has returned from a visit to her sisters,Mrs. W. W. Goltra and Mrs. AlbertMiller, in Crawfordsville, Ind., andher son, Mr. John M. Stuart, who isa member of the training class at theVocational School, in Indianapolis.ft - nppjpa m OF9 wJaVaaaYLaaaaaaVI , HOT A5D COLD BATHS.OncDropBaurbon Poultry RemedydowB m chick's wWpipc fTTRp'Q.drinking water cures Iil HKSdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At druggists or by mall postpaid, valuable poultry booklree on request.IIVIIH IEIEIT Cl.t iNtotN, ft.Mrs. Roger Thomson, of Columbia, South Carolina, who has beenvisiting in Hot Springs, Ark., for thepast three -weeks,- arrived in Parisyesterday to be a guest of Mr. andMrs. John T. Hinton, and other relatives. Mrs. Thomson was formerlyMiss Katie Davis, daughter of former Postmaster and Mrs. W. L.Davis, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5.)m.m.m ,BACKING UP PROOFThe Kind That Paris People CannotDeny.Many an earnest Paris man orwoman has publicly endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills.Week after week, month aftermonth you've read their statements.Would these Paris people recommend any medicine if it were notgood?Would they confirm and repeattheir statements after years, havepassed?Local proof is good evidence.Testimony confirmed years after isbetter evidence.The following Paris man's statement leaves no room for doubt.It must convince every kidney sufferer who reads it.If your back aches if your kidneys are weak, profit by the experience of Geo. McCandles, Second St.He says: "My kidneys were inactiveand I had backaches. Doan's KidneyPills put a stop to all the troubleand gave me complete relief." Statement given January 17, 1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years laterpor on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles said:"I haven't had any need of a kidneyremedy since I last endorsed Doan'sKidney Pills. I consider myself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getKidney Pills the same thatcCandles had. Foster-MilburnTfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)rNTIES AND STATE MUST PAYFOR TRANSPORTATIONExpenses of transporting and maintaining youths under 16, not convicted of a felony but sent to the housesof reform by the county court mustbe borne by the county, AttorneyGeneral Morris told State Inspectorand Eexaminer Nat B. Sewell andthose sent by the Circuit Courts mustbe paid for by the State. Mr. Sewellfound 81 counties indebted to theinsitution for the $100 annual maintenance provided for by the act of1914 and steps will be taken to collect the money.WHO IS RIGHT?Lexington Leader says: "The Nicholasville Journal says that Prof. LeeKirkpatrick, who 'has been superintendent of the city schools of Nichplasville for the last two years, hasbeen elected nrincinal of the ParisHigh School at a salary of $2,000 perannum. Prof. Kirkpatrick, who iswell-known in Lexington, was recently re-elected to his old position atNicholasville, and has" not indicatedo his friends there his intention ofgoing to Paris, the Journal says."m m 1Old Cheese.One ef.tke best grade or Italiaicheese la aold only after It has beanseasoned for-at least f our years;NOT HARD ICEWell-Known Louisville Man TellHow Tanlac Has ImprovedHis Health."Tanlac has improved my healthSO much that I don't. havp o.nvtrouble at all getting through myday's work now," said W. T. Quigg.112 Owen street, Louisville, Ky."My stomach was all out of order before I took Tanlac. T hnd indigestion and there was a pain, beneath my ribs constantly. I couldnot stoop over without suffering alot oi pain, and, of course that mademy work pretty hard. I had a sorespot on my stomach most of the time,too, and my stomach was in a soured condition."I read in the paper about howTanlac had helped a brother-in-lawof mine, so I started taking Tanlac.I've taken several bottles now, andI'm so much better that my friendsare remarking about the change inme."The soured condition of my stomach is all gone now and all the badfeeling in my stomach has left. I'mfeeling fine and it's no trouble forme to get through my day's work."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day. You can get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S.For Rheumatism.Try Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment for rheumatism the new treatment which overcomes rheumatismby purifying the blood. You can getit atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)Bolls Eggs by Central's Ring.A telephone subscriber In Newarkasked his operator to ring his bell inthree minutes, and immediately hungup his receiver. At the appointed timethe supervisor rang on the line and thesubscriber responded merely with"Thank you." Later he called againand thanked the operator, and explained that he had been boiling eggs andwanted to time them. They had beencooked to the queen's taste, he said.Youth's Companion.What Canals May Accomplish.It is possible that by the construction of canals we may yet see the dayvhen there will be great fleets awayjp in the country where once upon atime the highland clans held sway,tvhere Rob Roy Macgregor raided forcattle and fought with the Clan Mact'arlane, and where there is still the?lamor that was thrown over it by thegenius of Sir Walter Scott. If so, itwill be one of the most remarkabletransformations in the history of anycountry.Handy Use for Adhesive Tape.Adhesive tape is useful in the shopand for the home mechanic, for manypurposes: to mend broken handlestemporarily; to bind up a cut finger;to prevent a hammer or ax handlefrom slipping in the hands, by applying a ferrule for awl, chisel, etc.;around tha nail set it will keep thattool from jarring the hand; around alead pencil in the vest pocket as aguard. Popular Mechanics Magazine.California Efficiency.There is an efficiency man in SanDiego who carries his profession to excess. He has a girl who lives In LosAngeles. He visits her every Sundayand Avrites every day. For want of anew topic the girl asked him in a recent communication if he really didlike her eyes. In reply the e. m. replied: "Replying to your inquiry ofeven date, beg to, refer you to my letter, February 24, 1917, wherein the subject was treated exhaustively." SanDiego Union.Opportunities.The reason opportunities are neitherrecognized nor embraced lies in thecomposition of the tissues, the flesh,and the blood, called man. One manperceives one kind, his blood brothersees a lesser or many better ones.John pushes through the habits heacquires all too early; James overcomes the temperament he and hisnine brothers partly inherited.Cruciflx Probably Centuries Old.An old crucifix bearing the date 1734was found by a man in Tyrone, Ireland, the other day, while he was engaged fh' putting a new floor in hiskitchen to replace an earthen one. Thecrucifix was found about 15 Inchesbelow the surface, embedded m theclay, and appeared to have been carvedout of a .solid block of white oak. Itwas in a perfect state of preservation,save that the right arm of the crosswas somewhat decayed.Thought He Wss "Kidding."One day a Dublin grave digger working very hard broke his spade. Hesent his little son for a new one andtold him to tell the shopkeeper hewould pay him when he was finished.When the boy came back empty-handed,his-father asked him why he didnot bring the spade. "Because," saidthe boy, "he chased me away when Itold him you would pay him when youcame out of the grave."V- ss VWolf, Wile & CompanyAn Exquisite Display ofSummerHeadwearlift invite you io come ancLApend a fileasani momeni. inviewing oixr collection ofSlimmer 7as, which in pointof ireaxtiy, iiyle and oAipinaiiy AiirfiasseA anything, wehave hitherto Ahourn.Hats For Every OccasionEvery Costume - - Every WomanjDarina and rakish Cotxime ?GatA; ouain and chaAmina QfteAnoon ?at6; Jitseefiinaand fiict-uAescfy-ue J&Ae&A 7iati;smaAt and Auraag.eA c7 ailoAed?$at& and SpoAt ?$at6 of eveAvkind.$5. 00 to $25. 00WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.mMMmwfWmmcwmwimtwmiWiwimmmWe Have Some Very FineNEAt'SPAYMASTERSEEPCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isaLimited.C. S. BALL GARAGECop.; Fourth and Pleasant St.piUiUYI.ua'1:SV "eVj.fiMtitfjlMPERFECT IN ORIGINAmIv iwiimi iim - IM tyiSkkJtiT JtWMSitJ".TUJSDAT, MIT 21, If If.PAGI I0TJ1S5THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KY.f .t HEWS OF WOMEN'S WOgKINTEEESTIHG TO CLUBWOMEN.At the Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's Bible ClassChristian Church.Thursday Jewish Circle. NFriday -Missionary Society Presbyterian Church.Saturday Teachers' Circle.tion if we could add that feature toour program."Think it over and let me hearfrom you in regard to it."Cordially yours,"L.ILA HAPFORD,"State Supervisor Women's Workfor Kentucky."Keep in mind the donation of oldkid gloves and all kinds of soft leather goods for the making of windproof jackets for "our soldier boys."Deposit them in the box at the ParisBook Store.The following letter has been received by Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland: "May 17, 1918."Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland,"Paris, Ky."My Dear Mrs. Sutherland: Weare going" to have a Red Cross convention .in Lexington, June 19th and20th. I am wondering if you wouldbe interested in having the Paris Liberty Chorus take charge of the community singing the one evening onwhich we have a program. I am sointerested in the community singingand it seems to me it would give agreat deal of "pep" to the conven-Is This the Time to Fuss About rBabies?Why should we fuss about babiesnnxvf That, is a auestion which wo-' men may well be" asking, for they are' t ...JV. miKirinnl ilrflCCITia'a OTXlknitting things essential to the comfort of the soldiers. But the peaceof mind of the father who is soldiering in France depends on knowingthat his helpless children at homem Mfo And war rnnditions affectj children in a hundred ways, althoughAmerican children have escaped the(more startling horrors which havedarkened the lives of tne cnimren oiwar ravished France ana Jbeigium..The Children's Bureau of the U.S. Department of Labor has asked themen and women who are working towin the war not to forget the wartime needs of all of America's children whether their fathers are fighting for their country in the trenchesin France or here behind the lines.It asks that the protection given allof America's children be increasednow when the foundations of thecountry's future strength and democracy are being laid, for, "Thehealth of the child is the power ofthe nation." This war time workfor children is called Children'sYear. Its goal is to save the livesof 100,000 children under five yearsCharter No. 6323REPORT OP CONDITION OF THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK,At Paris, Ky., in the State of Kentucky, at the Close of Business on May10, 1918':1. -iRESOURCES:1.a Loans and discounts (except those nnnft rf,n fijl -shown in b and c J!'. jTotal Loans 800,502.64d Notes and bills rediscounted (otherthan bank acceptances sold) (seeItem 57a $165,440.16f Foreign Bills for Exchange or Drafts sold"with indorsement of this bank, notshown under item d above (see item57c) . $165,440.165 jj g foonds (other than Liberty tfonas,but including U. S. certificates of indebtedness) :a U. S. bonds deposited to securecirculation (par value) $100,000.001 TJ. S. bonds and certificates ofindebtedness pledged to secure 'TJ. S. deposits (par value) . . 5,000.00c TJ. S. bonds and certificates ofindebtedness pledged to securepostal savings deposits (parvalue) 3,000.00f TJ. S. bonds and certificates of ..inrtVitAriTipc;! owned and nn-iwii 25,000.00Xibertv Loan Bonds:a. T.ihertv Tonn "Rrmds. 3V Tiercent and 4 per cent, unpledged ? 64,200.00b Bonds other than TJ. S. bondspledged to secure Postal Savings AAdeposits V TT4'Q00-00- Total bonds, securities, 'etc., other than U. b.Stock of Federal Reserve Bank (50 per cent of subscription) : ;a Value of banking house . . ?,J4,000.0ULawful reserve with Federal Reserve BankCash in vault and net amounts due from national"fajLIlltS "Net amounts due from banks and bankers, and trustcompanies other than included in items 6, 4,and 15 . ;18. Checks on other banks in the sae city or town asreporting bank (other than Item 17)Total of Items 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18 . . .$ 40,366.86(This amount is not to be extended.)Checks on banks located outside of city or town or reporting bank and other cash itemsRedemption fund with TJ. S. Treasurer and due fromTJ. S. TreasurerWar Savings Certificates and Thrift Stamps actual-. ly ownedOther assets, if any. Due from customers' account ofbond purchases635,062.48T6.1013.15.16.19.20.22.23133,000.0064,200.004,000.006,000.0034,000.0043,864.1236,719.862,366.162,180.841,559.515,000.002,308.578,286.15Total $978,547.69LIABILITIES:24.25.26.28.30.34,353642,444546,Capital stock paid inSurplus funda Undivided profits $ 13,850.81b Less current expenses, interest and taxes paid 1,504.71Amount reserved for taxes accruedCirculating notes outstandingDemand deposits (other than bnk denosits') subieot to Reserve (deposits payable within 30 days):Individual deposits sunject to checkCertificates of deposit due in less than 30 days (otherthan for money borrowed)Certified checksTotal of demand deposits (other than bank deposits)subject to Reserve, Items 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39,40 and 41 $514,239.25(This amount is not to be extended.)Time deposits subject to Reserve (payable after 30days, or subject to 30 days or more notice, and postalsavings: )Certificates of deposit (other than for money borrowed) , Postal savings depositsOther time depositsTotal of time deposits subject to Reserve,Items 42, 43, 44 and 45 $147,738.58(This amount is not to be extended.)United States deposits (other than postal savings:)C. Other United States deposits, including deposits-of U. S. disbursing officers 3,498.57$100,000.00$100,000.0012,346.101,727.6998,997,50512,364.251,500.00395.005,000.003,645.43139,093.153,498.57Total $978,547.6957. sfc Liabilities for rediscounts, including.Federal Reserve Bank (see Item Id)those with165,440.16.Total Contingent Liabilities, (57 a, b and c)$165,440.16STATE OF KENTUCKY, County of Bourbon, ss:I, James McClure, Cashier of the above-named bank, do solemnlyswecr that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge andbelief.e u ,u 4. i. , JAMES, McCLURE, Cashier.Subscribed. and sworn to before me this, 16th day of Mav 1918, " . HENRIETTA DOTSON, Notary Public.My commission expires January 23, 1922.tV Correct Attest:tW. W. HALEY,CHAS. C. CLARKE,J. L. TVRAfrFT . --. J- w . ,of age during the second, year of thewar. This means the saying of oiethird of the three hundred thousandlives of children under five, whichare lost every year in the UnitedStates. Authorities agree that atleast half of these deaths could beprevented if knowledge of the bestmodern methods of child care andfacilities for following out the directions given by skilled specialistswere accessible to all children instead of to comparatively few. ifAmerica can prevent even part ofthese deaths she will have demonstrated her ability to get for herchildren a better chance of life andhealth.England and France have realized that work for better children isvital war work, and England hasproved the value of what she hasdone by bringing down her babydeath rate to the lowest point inher history. Their achievementsare an inspiration to tl?e eleven million women of the Women's Committe of the Council of National Defense who have determined that 100,-000 children's lives snail oe saved mChildren's Year. The Woman's Committee now has 9,790 local units. Aconstantly increasing number ofthese units are undertaking to forward work that will enable communities to give their children a betterchance.Mrs. Harriet Minaker will act aschairman for Bourbon county. Atime and place for the examinationof children under six years will beannounced later. Answer the callwhen it comes. This may be yourbit.s JQ aNORTH MIDDLETOWN FISHINGCLUB ENTERTAINS. 'There was genuine hospitality inthe fish fry given last week by theNorth. Middletown Fishing Club, thepremier fishing organization of Bourbon county. The "fish fry' was heldon the banks of Stoner Creek, on theAlva Thomas farm, near North Middletown, and was one of the reallyenjoyable affairs of the season.The fish were fried by Messrs. JohnJ. Redmon and John T. Collins, bothexperts. At noon a crowd estimatedat two hundred gathered at the tables, and did execution among thegood things provided. A welcomewas extended the visitors by Rev. FM. Tinder, pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. Rev.Roger T. "Nooe, of Frankfort, delivered an address,Among those present were GeneralW. J. Stone, State Auditor, ColonelBob Green, Rev. Roger T. Nooe, M.W.Sheffield, A. B. Jones, Noble Harris,Robert Gumm and A. W. Macklin, ofFrankfort, Dr. L. C. Redmon, D. J. T.Vance, J. F. VanDeren, Lexington;Rev. J. J. Castleberry, Mayfield; Rev.W. E. Ellis, Rev. F. M. Tinder, Rev.A. L. Boatright, T. Helm Caly, JamesStivers, J. N. Mason, B. M. Rash,Walter Clark, Wallace Clark, J. C.Evans, J. O. Marshall, L. D. Mitchell,Luther Rice, May Goff, Walter Meng,T. J Jones, John L. Bosley, John T.Hedges, George Bell, S. E. Bedford,W. B. Allen, W. H. McMillan, W. G.McClintock, Charles Webber, Ed.Burke, C. C. Clarke, Captain J. N.Stone, Pearce Paton, Mason Talbott,John J. Williams, J. W. Davis, JohnWillie Jones, G. H. Meng, T. C. Johnson, Warren Rogers,Lieutenant WebbBratton, T. J. Judy, T. Hart Talbot,H. S. Caywood, Lawrence Mitchell,Professor T. A. Hendricks, W. S.Meng, W. O. Hinton, H. B. Pence, B.F. Bridges, J. N. Shropshire, TollieYoung, Preach Young, Ben Thomason, Douglass Hildreth, John G. Bedford, Marion Bedford, Charles P,Bedford, Lewis Woodford, Lee Stephenson, Samuel Weathers, LetcherWeathers, Graham Young, FieldingRogers, Charlton Clay, Mayor E. B.January, Richard Wills, A. Gnadinger, Cynthiana, E. M. Costello, fealeCollier, W. S. Jones, Frank SleddRudolph Davis, John T. Collins, Dr.Raymond McMillan, Sam Clav. H. O.James, Dr. M. H. Daily, W. T. Buckner, White Varden, Judge GeorgeBatterton, John N. Davis, John McDaniel, John Woodford, N. F. Brent,Alexander Miller, Sam Harding,Woodford Spears, Buckner Woodford,Gib Rash, Cliff Hadden, Dave Clark,C. H. Dalzell, Walter Pavne. CharlesHamilton, Judge Denis Dundon, JoeB. Smith, James McClure, DouglassThomas, J. D. McClintock, Jim Caldwell, Walter Rice, Joe Penn Redmon,Joe Redmon, Robert Gilkey, John F.Young, Ben Dalzell, Wallace Mitchell,Colonel L. D. Young, Sam Bivens, J.T. Caywood, -Ed. Bedford, Chief ofPolice Fred Link, Walter Kenney,Calvert Meng, C. P. Cook, FrankKiser, John Connell, Henry Grosche,Dr. Milton J. Stern, Dr. J. A. Orr,Dr. C. G. Daugherty, H. S. Baldwin,Henry Curtis, Lexington, B. F. Buckner, Xalapa Farm, C. E. Clark, GeorgeWills, Cynthiana, and Bush Bishop.m mTEACHERS TO HELP IN THEWAR WORK.Teachers of Kentucky are to be enlisted along with Four Minute menunder the Committee on Public Information. Arrangements have beenmade through the State Superintendent, V. O. Gilbert, whereby all theteachers attending prefessionalschools this summer will receive thebuletin issued in June and those attending county institutes will receive a bulletin to be issued inAugust.The project to interest mothers' organizations, school children and Sunday Schools in the care of orphansof French soldiers is being promotedby the Department of Education. Ahome has been established for thechildren and S. L. Blaisdell is foreign secretary for the French organization having the work in charge.He has appointed SuperintendentGilbert for this State.fe E3 feSuicide StatisticA study of suicide among wiftearners In the United States by a lifsInsurance company has brought outthe fact that there are more suicidesamong men than among women, andfewer negroes seek death to end theiitroubles than white persons. The swrey shows also that there has been amarked decrease in the death ratefrom suicide In the test few years.- '. t-,-nWT"Hello! Peoples DepositBank & Trul CompanyWhen can I get a statementof my account, includingtoday's deposits?"Your Statement will be Readyin Five Minutes" , ,This is, real, up-to-the-minutebank service giving the customerthe thing he needs at the time heneeds it.This is the kind of service weare now prepared to give to you.We have just installed a Burroughs Bookkeeping Machine whichhandles our accounting work andkeeps a statement of each customer'saccount ready all the time, with entries made right up to date.Any time you want a statementof your balance in a hurry, it is readyfor you.Instead of leaving your passbook for two or three days at thelast of the month in order to have itbalanced, you get a neatly printedstatement each month, showing allchecks and deposits and a balanceyou KNOW is right. Every checkingaccount will receive these regularmonthly statements, together withthe cancelled vouchers.The Burroughs will also postour ledgers, giving us neatly-keptand accurate accounts, and providingan absolute and automatic proof ofthe accuracy of every entry on ourstatements and ledgers.We are sure that the improvement in our service made possibleby the machine book-keeping'methodwill meet with your approval, andthat you will appreciate the convenience and protection against errorafforded by the mechanically figuredstatements.Peoples Deposit Bank &TrusT: Companyf ir!tI IParis, KentuckyIt's Straw Hat Timeand Yours is Here)N'T be the last man to put on a Straw Hat. The new styles and braidsare selling rapidly, and if yeu want to get in one of our smart hats drop insome time to-day. The assortment is complete, and you'll find just theone you want. Every good kind is represented Splits, Sennets, Milans, Leghorns and Panamas. Nothing but good values. Prices range from. $2.00 to$7.5011Soft Hats in New Colorings$2,50 $3.00 $4.00 $5.00New Silk ShirisWe are sure we have got the snappiest line of silk shirts in town. You'resure to find just the pattern and color you want in this line. Exceptional values.$4.00 $5.00 $6.00Washable NeckwearThey come in colors to match any color shirtsand they are fast colors25c and 50cSee Our Window Display of Straw Hats!;R. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky,A"r .. .f5'.-j.j- M-Directors- -4-V !" .A. -- if ii AiV'IL.HJv ' h:-.&TUESDAY, MAY 21. 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,;-i"page htk: , .1tXwksCOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may7-8t)m m mNEW AUTO OWNER.The Lyon-Day Motor Car Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of a PanAmerican touring car to Miss SaraDaniel, of Paris. The car will, bedelivered this week.BERRIES FOR PRESERVINGFine home-grown and Tennesseestrawberries for preserving. Directfrom the patch everyvday.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.LICENSE COLLECTIONSAt the close of business hours Saturday a total of $5,910 for citylicenses was reported by City Collector Wallace W. Mitchell as havingbeen paid in since May 1.IS 1K1 SJAPPELLATE COURT DECISIONIn the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, in the case of Clay vs.Washington, from the Bourbon Circuit Court, the appellee filed a briefon motion to dismiss and also briefon merits.m P3 ISCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTo-day, Tuesday, May 21. R. A.Walsh's master drama, "The HonorSystem;" ten reels of laughs, thrills,tears and cheers; Pearl White andAntonio Moreno in the eighth episodeof "The House of Hate."To-morrow, Wednesday, May 22Jack Pickford, in "The Spirit of'17," by Judge Willis Brown; Harold Lloyd, in a "Luke" Comedy;Hearst Pathe News No. 35.Thursday, May 23 Clara Kimball Young and her own company in"The Marionettes;" Mutt and JeffCartoon, "The Leak;" Hearst PatheNews Uo. 36.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings- of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.MATRIMONIAL.REVIV,AL AT CHRISTIAN CHURCHCLOSED SUNDAY. .The revival which has been inprogress at the Christian church fortne past ten days, closed Sundaynight with a total of sixty-one additions to the church, membership. Theedifice was packed from the galleries to the altar by an audience eagprto hear the parting sermon. Thesubject of the discourse was "TwoGreat Questions About Jesus."Rev. J. J. Castleberry, who hasbeen assisting the pastor, Rev. W. E.Ellis, in the services, returned yesterday to Mayfield, Ky., where he hasbeen in charge of the First Christian Church for the past nine years.He is an orator of great ability anda minister who became very popularwith Paris people. Their good wishesaccompany him.m ieLIBERTY BONDS READY.liberty Bonds of all threeissues now ready. Subscribers please call and get them.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.(may-21-tf) --.RECITALS AND READINGS ATPARIS HOME SCHOOL.A recital composed of both violinand piano numbers will be given atthe Paris Home School, to-night,Tuesday, May 21, at eight o'clock, bythe pupils of Miss Giltner's musicclass. On the same program will bea reading contest given by the members of the graduating class of theParis Home School, under the direction of Mrs. Harp.On Wednesday evening, May 22, ateight o'clock, a recital will be givenby the pupils of Miss Giltner's musicclass at the Paris Home School.On Thursday evening, May 23, ateight o'clock, the commencement exercises of the Home School will beheld in the court house. Judge J.M. Stevenson, of Winchester, will deliver the annual address to the graduating class.The public is extended a cordial invitation to attend these exercises.Mrs. I. D. Thompson is a guestof friends in Somerset.Mrs. Jerry Keller has as guestsMrs. John McCarthy and son, Mr.James McCarthy, of Richmond. ,Mr. Harold Johnson, of Columbus, Ohio, is a guest of his father,Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, on Mt. AiryAvenue.Miss Elizabeth Embry has returned from a business trip in theEast for the Mary Cummins Shop, ofLouisville.Mrs. Charlton Alexander has returned from a visit to her brothers,Messrs. Howard Ball and DudleyBall, in Versailles.Mr. Ewell Renaker, of the DixieHighway, spent Sunday in Cynthianaas a guest of his old friends, Mr. J.A. Walden and G. E. Drury.Mrs. Anna L. Lancaster, whohas been visiting in Chicago for several weeks, is a guest this week offriends and relatives in Indianapolis.Mrs. Sarah Leeds, formerly ofParis, is recovering from an illnessof five weeks' duration at the homeof her son-in-law, Mr. J. T. Pryor, inDallas, Texas.Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock, whohas been under medical treatment ina private hospital in Cincinnati, returned to Paris yesterday, greatlyimproved in health.Misses Mary Kenney Webberand Anna Louise White, of Paris,and Anna Frank Bridges, of NorthMiddletown, attended the dance givenat Trimble's Hall, in Mt. Sterling,Friday night. -Mrs. Denis Dundon. is a guestof Mrs. J. P. Handley, in Louisville.Miss Anna Eads Peed has concluded a visit to Mrs. Walter Coleman and Miss Nellie Lou Robards,in Harrodsburg.Rev. W. E. Ellis left yesterdayfor Martinsville, Ind., on a vacationstay. Rev. Ellis and Rev. J. J.Castleberry and Mr. A. L. Boatrightwere guests at Hamilton College, inLexington, Saturday.Miss Edna Huffman, of Covington, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city. She reports herbrother, Mr. Vance Huffman, as improving rapidly, and that he willsoon be able to return home on sickleave.Dr. A. H. Keller, City HealthOfficer, left yesterday for Louisville,to attend the annual convention ofCity and County Health Officers. Dr.Keller is on the program for an address to the members of the convention. ; , ; . . . . J -Mrs. J. J. Taylor is 5 guest ofher brother, Mr. C. O. Hinton, andfamily, on Main street. Mr. Hinton and brother, Prof. Robt. T. Hinton, of Georgetown, expect to leaveabout June 1, -for France, to engagein Army Y. M. C. A. work.Mrs. E. S. Montgomery anddaughter, Miss Bernice Montgomery,of Maysville, and Miss CharlotteJaubert, of Lexington, who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Wells,of Winchester street, returned totheir homes Saturday Morning.Messrs. M. H. H. Davis, C. A.McMillan and Jos Ewalt have returned frnm T.nnisville. where they attended the business sessio-ns of theGrand Commandery Knights Templar. Mr. Davis was elected SeniorWarden. The Grand CommanderyLwill meet at Owensboro next May.Mrs. Frank Lowry leaves Wednesday morning for Detroit to attend the annual meeting of theAmerican Federation of Arts, beingappointed as delegate from the StateFederation of Clubs. From the convention Mrs. Lowry goes to NewYork City to make an extended visit.Prof. T. A. Hendricks and Mrs.Hendricks were at Hamilton College,Saturday, getting in touch with thevarious departments of college activity in view of their new duties inconnection with the institution atthe close of the present term in June.Prof. Hendricks was recently electedPresident of the College.(Other Personals on Page 3.)RISEN PRICE.Marriage licenses were issuedhere Saturday to William Price andMiss Grace' Risen, of Lexington, andRoy Williams,- of Jackson, and MissMamie D. Williams, of Lexington.The first two were married byCounty Judge Batterton, in his private office in the court house.WILLIAMS WILLIAMS.A bride who changed her residence ,and not her name was MissMamie D. Williams, of Lexington,who was married in this city Saturday, to Mr. Roy B. Williams, ofJackson, Ky. The marriage was performed at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrtk'W. E. Williams, of 442 MaplestrwetLexington. The groom is inbusiness at Jackson. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Williams leftfor a honeymoon trip in the East.On their return they will reside atthe groom's home in Jackson.ATTEMPT TO ROB LOCAL CATHOLIC CHURCH.What was apparently an attemptto rob the Catholic church in thiscity Saturday morning by an unidentified stranger, was thwarted by thepastor, Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn.Father DeBruyn saw the man enter the church, and following him,discovered the intruder in the act ofattempting to open the receptacle inwhich the golden cholice used inchurch ceremonies is kept. Whenthe minister demanded the intruderto desist, he ran past him and fledup the street, followed by FatherDeBruyn. The man made his escape,and has not been apprehended.BIRTHS.Yesterday morning to the wifeof Dr. S. P. Mohney, of Cypressstreet, a son, weight eight pounds.To the wife of Mr. J. L. McCarthy, in this city, a daughter, chirstened Virginia. The mother was formerly ,Miss Melvina Sharon, of nearParis. . w.'te fe I2iRELIGIOUS.The Rev. Mr. Owens, pastor ofthe Centerville Methodist church,will conduct a revival at his churchbeginning June 1. There will bespecial music. Everybody is cordially invited to attend these services.LOSTSquare gold watch charm, withdiamond in center and initials "C. C."on back. Finder return to undersigned and receive liberal reward.CARL CRAWFORD.THEKODAKPRAISES THE BLUEGRASS.HEAVY WEATHER.Thundtr and lightning, accompanied by a heavy fall of hail and ram,visited this section yesterday after-While no accurate reportshave been received it is probable theheavy hail has damaged the youngtobacco plants and other growingThe work of razing the old Griffithstable on Pleasant street, the site ofwhich is to be decorated by a handsome new bungalow, has begun. I hebungalow will be erected by Dr. C.G. Daugherty. The work is incharge of Contractor Thos. J. Woods."Tte finest country I have everseen " was the comment uttered byMr. J. C. Hewlett, a turfman andhorseman, of Toledo, Ohio; in Paris,Saturday morninsr. Mr. Hewlett hasbeen making a tour of the Bluegrasssection, in search of fine saddlehorses, and paid a visit of inspectionto a number of stock farms in BourVmn and surrounding counties."This is the first time I have everbeen in Kentucky, or rather, in theBluegrass section," said Mr. Hewlett."nd I am going to take my timea'bout going back home. And when IAn rof fhprp. T am coins: to tell thepeople of my community that all Ihave ever heard about the beauty ofthe Bluegrass region of Kentucky istruthful. I made the trip from Toledo in my car, stopping at a number of places, Lexington being thefirst place where I visited a stockfarm, though. Paris is a beautifullittle city, and the surroundingcountry in its clothing of greenir a hPautiful sight to a city-bredman,' or -a, city stockman like my-JBeltrPROMINENT ARMY Y. M. C. A.WORKER VISITS PARIS.6kwmmSkH It I' liidSSMlHlpBnIS KliPrIMr. George W. Johnson oi ! Georgetown, was a caner at x x"'office Saturday morning. Mr. Jonnson is interested in the war work ofthe Y. M. C. A., in which he is asecretary. Mr. Johnson was here forthe purpose of inaugurating a cam-paign in tne city auu w-x -.-curerecruits for the army Y. M. UA work in France, where they arebadly needed. He stated that an urgent call had been sent to the headbarters of the Y.M. C, Ain Amer-ica tor meu tj xic i." --that Bourbon county would be asked,to send twenty men capable of doingthe kind of work needed. GeneralPershing had made a special requestfor men for this service : as ; the Y.rx a ion th irfn nvtti lu omint of all the army canteens.The work of recruitms " -county has been assigned to a committee composed of Mr. H. A. ower,Air Wm. O. Hinton and Mr. Z. L.Wilcox, the latter Secretary-of thelocal Y. M. C. A.An IdealGraduationPresentThat is Always Useful.Also Albums, Carrying Casts and a FullLine off Kodak SuppliesDaughertyBros.Fifth and MainWar-Time Economy Sals!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingvery interesting values:fcReady-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $ 1 7.75Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,Bfcf Economy Sale price $24.75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inCorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $229Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at.'.$1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at.... 98cEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,VKn, each $1 .69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard 22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and stylejrepresented hfjthisgrouping, including the wanted .colors and.blacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $239$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3. 29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. S3 .98.$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price -.$498$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5. 98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98LSEconomy Sale Specials in.Hosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale SpecialOne lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2t 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. . - $ 1 .98"Economy Sale Special ZSZZSZ SKS Half PriceThis Sale is Now Going On! This Sale is For Cash Only IHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET224-228 W. MAIN STPARIS, KY. LEXINGTON, KY.BWJMfflWWBWrtttirwE are showing the most extensiveeHI and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We cam surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON CO.i . sr; -, .,- . 1l"il;r:.fEyLrMl tBEHE 'm v'PiiIE .TUESDAY, MAT 21, Mil.?A0inx,ir'"H"iTHE BOUHBON NEWS, PARIS,- KT.Suffering Tortures of the DamnedClergyman Still Preaches to His FoldMississippi Minister, Though Undergoing Horrible InwardMisery, Greets His Unsuspecting CongregationWith Smiles and Words of Cheer"Through long days of anguishAnd nights devoid of easeStill heard in his soul the musicOf wonderful melodies!"Longfellow.These are the heroes real heroes!the people who, wracked with bodily pain, and suffering untold miseryand agony still greet one with asmile, and, uncomplainingly completetheir daily tasks.Such was the life history of theRer. E. E. Sullivan, of Savage, Miss.,who, though he suffered the soul-and-bodytorture of ever-presentpain, still mounted the pulpit andpreached, happiness and content tohis unsuspecting congregation.So uncomplaining, his human flocknever-suspected that he spent those"long nights of misery and days devoid o ease" and yet heard withinhos soul that "music of beautifulmelodies."Have you one such in your familyperhaps crippled up with the insatiable agony of rheumatism, thenerve-destroying misery of continued backache, or the soul-defying tortoure of chronic indigestion? whostill manages to greet you with asmile and conceals his agony withwords of happiness and cheer?If so, the words of Dr. Sullivanshould interest you in the cause ofhumanity alone; and you shold seekto create for that beloved one such"surecase of sorrow and misery" asthe last stanza of this famous poemportrays:"Then the night shall be filled withmusic, andThe cares which infest the dayShall fold their tents like the Arabs,And as silently steal away.""For years I suffered the torturesof the damned," Dr. Sullivan, writes."Through the long vigil of sleeplessnight, I prayed my Maker wondering why I should be so cursed. ButHe at last answered my prayer, andto-day I am a well and vigorous managain. May His name be praised!"Many years I suffered the excruciating agony of sick headache, heartburn and pains in my back. Horrible misery beset me, leaving crampsin my sides, "arms and legs. But Itried to bear my cross, as He wouldhave me."I tried doctor after doctor withno relief. It was the same old story,oft-repeated different doctors withdifferent remedies, often nauseating,which left me really worse off thanbefore. Then, one' day, an old parishioner friend told me of Acid IronMineral. And I am now so gratefulthat I want all suffering humanity toknow of this wonderful natural iron.All I can say is: God answered myprayer."This is but one of many thousandsof similar letters received during thepast thirty years from doctors, clergymen, lawyers, pharmacists and laymen who have first known peace andhappiness after taking A-I-M. Andthe best of it is that the patient takesno risk, financial or physical, in taking this marvelous organic iron, forit does not discolor the teeth, as doother irons; and it aids, instead ofdetracts, in all forms of indigestion.Statistics show that it benefits overninety-four per cent, of those whouse it. The proprietors can well afford to unqualifiedly guarantee it toall, and accept the losses of the minute few it fails to relieve of all suffering. Therefore, all druggists havebeen instructed to refund its purchase price if, after taking th firstbottle the patient does not feel vigorous, hearty and hale so so muchbetter that he insists on continuingits use.Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood, but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who suffer fromthe effects of thickened, heavyblood, coagulated and polluted withthe waste matter of the winter's accumulation, A-I-M stands without apeer; for it not only thins and purifies the blood, but carries the variousimpurities out of the system naturally and effectively. As a general"spring tonic" and as a prompt relief for that "tired feeling" and rundown condition so prevalent at thisseason, it remains the only natural,non-corrosive, fully assimilable anddigestible iron known to medicalscience.Therefore, reject all spurious imitation, which profit-seeking druggists try to thrust upon you, anddemand the original Acid Iron Mineral. For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)Has Great Specific Gravity.Mercury has the greatest specificSTity of all liquids, but recently aner h&s been discovered which is alsoat hearr that stones of all kindirffdte, limestone, quartz, etc, floatIt It is saturated aqueous solutioneT tmn; stoporate. Its specific gravity la S.3, whereas that of ordinaryrock does not exceed 2.7. Only a fewprecious atones have a specific gravityiter than that of this liquid, lorlea reason it is proposed to employfor the separation of such stonesmasses of broken rock.Cask Iran Rust Proof.1 For many ffMi east iron is nretarable to steel becanse it if emfanulively rust proof.Mending Umbrellas.When the handle comes off an umbrella one of the kind with steel rodsclean out the holes and fill it withpowdered sulphur. Heat the end ofthe rod red-hot and push It down Intothe sulphur. This will fuse the sulphur and cement the rod In place.Found Live Crab in Bottle.A Maine fisherman claims to havepulled up a pint milk bottle with a livecrab in it. It is evident that the crabhad crawled Into the bottle when smalland stayed there until It grew so largeit could not get out. The bottle wascrusted with barnacles when It waspulled up, which shows it had been inthe water a long time.:fsfMBwBBSBaSMBMBSSBSSBlLendHimBOiSbsENOCH MORGAN'Ssons cannNMnnnKnnanY9smu2jSfnnPATRIOTISMBuySAPOLIOFirECONOMYVctions speak louder iharrwords-Act- Don't Talk -Buy Now1'I :iiMi$i-"t.-HiWantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWood WorkingMachine Menand Laborers forBox Factorymiy wwfc God wage. Excellent factory condition. Half holiday Saturdays with pay.Apply at otto, SuperhrtondcnlMENGEL BOX COMPANY- -JFfev12 and OrsMfcyLOUISVILLE. KY.PLEDGE WEEK-JUNE 24 TD 28Upon anVte ef National Chairman F. A. VandeHin and Federal DirectorJ. D. Lyon, of the district embracing the Stat of Kentucky, th big Jinm Drive,In which we are to secure pledges of the paopte far the balance ef w quotaof $50,000,000, has been fixed for June 24 to 28 next, instead of June 3 to t, asannounced previously. ,Ketttncky will put it "over the top" In this Mf nrtvn, which la to term4nate en the 28th, and which day President WlieeiwW be naked' te proclaim"National War Savings Day" throughout the Unrted States. Governor Stanleywill be asked, to, issue a proclamation fee the State of Kentucky and the Mayorof Louisville and of every city in Kentucky will be requested to issue a proclamation to the people of his municipality..County. Chairmen from ever Kentucky assembled In Lexington on Fridayand hoard the details sf the plan fee the blaT drive from the Hpo of Federal,Director Lyon, Chairman J. E. KsMaasiiew, af the taction of State Oi aniUxatfon, and Ward Burgees, of Nebraska, who ernnisd the Idea, and who. aocured pledgee for the entire quota sf the State during a week's drive similar tethat which is to be put on in Kentucky in June.TAKE ADVANTAGE OF MEETINGS OFKENTUCKY COUNCIL OF DEFENSEIf You are Thinking AboutaPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction' guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.We art also exclusive stents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.War Savings, workers throughout Kentucky will take notice. ofthe splendid more of the State Council of Defense in calling War Conferences to beheld at county seats throughout the State, beginning immediately, for the purpose of arousing the people to war condition and enlisting their aid in thevarioui Government and other valuable war activities.Representatives .of all war activities are urged and invited to participateIn these Conferences and present their cause to those who are gathered together. These Conferences afford an especially splendid opportunity to WarSavings workers m every county. Our campaign is on for the entire year.Many of these meetings will be held during the present month of May, and insuch counties the County Chairman and his organization must co-operate mostactively with the representative of the Council of Defense in getting up themeeting, as it will count very materially with you in the big June Drive whichis just ahead of us. Where the Conference is to be held in a county during thetime of the Drive it will be a big booster for our activity, and where it is to beheld afterward, during the summer it will help to keep up interest in ours aswell as the other war activities, and will materially help in your follow up Jcampaign to see that those who pledge themselves in the June Drive meettheir pledges and keep on saving and buying Thrift Stamps and War SavingsStamps.A general program has been mapped out by the Kentucky Council of Defense, which doubtless will be varied in different communities, as specialspeakers are secured for occasions. The general program is as follows:10 : 00 a. m. A mass meeting will be held and the program will consist of devotional exercises, community singing, and speeches by noted pa1 triots, thinkers and orators.1:30 p.m. The fathers, mothers, relatives, and all members of the familiesof the soldier boys who are already in military service, as well asas all those who have boys who will be in the approaching draft,are urged to attend this meeting. A special speaker, who is intouch with the war situation aad who has a stirring message ofpatriotism, will address the meeting. The public is cordially m-(-,vited to be present.2:00 p.m. Forum: Subject, "The Different War Organizations."Representatives of the different war organizations, includingCouncil of Defense, Food and Fuel Administrations, Liberty Loan,Women's "War Work, War! Savings, Red Cross, Knights of Columbus, Y. M. C. A., Four-Minute Men, Chambers of Commerce, Educational and Agricultural Organizations and all other patrioticactivities, are urged to be present and participate in the discussions. No representative should speak longer than ten minutes.1:30 p.m. Representatives of the different patriotic activities will be givenan opportunity to call their workers into a special meeting forfSj. the purpose of studying their specific problems and perfectingH?. ttAtr' rkrn4tirmiLOWRY&MAY7:30 p. m. A mass meeting will be held and the program will consist of devotional exercises, community singing, patriotic music, andt speeches by leaders of known reputation.In presenting its program of exercises for the War Conferences, the Council of Defense puts it this way:There is but one patriotic business before the liberty-loving people of theworld today, and that is the monumental task of vanquishing an intoxicatedmilitarism, of vindicating, perpetuating and defending human rights and liberties, and of carrying the flag of democracy to victory.You can help win the war by attending the county war conference andstudying the interpretations of the needs and the issues of the hour that willbe made. You can help by using your influence in having a large delegationof citizens to attend from your community.There is no one thing that will do more to awaken the patriotism of thepeople and make the Conference and all patriotic meetings a success than forthe choirs of all the churches and the people of the entire community to assemble at mass meetings and engage m community singing. It is earnestlydesired that the county council and all other patriotic organizations will gettogether in an earnest effort to develqp community singing and make it a partof the program of the War Conference as well as a part of all patriotic programs which wQl be held from time to time in every section of the county.The Kentucky Council of Defense will furnish printed folders without costcontaining the National Anthems and War Songs to all county councils desiring the same.Continuing, under the heading, "Will You Help?" the Council of Defensetends out the following valuable suggestions:The boose can help by attending the Conference and by using Hi influence in having the members of every home to attend.The school earn help by organizing itself into a war of publicity co nun it teewith a view of promoting every war effort, developing a positive patriotism,practicing community singing, attending the war conference and participatingin its work.The cknrck can help by delivering a patriotic sermon on the crisis of thehour, and by announcing the program of the war conference at its regularservices, giving publicity to it and urging the people to attend.The press earn help by rendering invaluable assistance through its newsand editorial columns, thereby giving publicity to the meeting and calling uponthe people to give it earnest supportThe Connty Superintendent, who is a member of the Advisory Committee of the Council of Defense, can help by sending out a letter to the leadingcitizens of the county, especially to the trustees of the schools, calling theirattention to the Conference and asking them to attend the Conference, to organize their school districts for the Conference, and to take advantage of theopportunities offered.The fans demonstrator, who is a member of the Advisory Committee ofthe Conncfl of Defense, can help by disseminating information among themasses and getting the agricultural organizations interested in the success ofthe meeting, and by partieinatmg in the program.The high schools of the county seat and the county can help by practicingcommunity and patriotic singing and adjourning on the day of the Conferenceand participating m the song service.The different war organizations, including the Council of Defense, Foodand Fuel Administrations, Liberty Loan, Woman's War Work, War Savings,Red Cross, Knights of Cotvmfcws, Y. M. C. A., Four-Minute Men, Chambersof Commerce, Educational and Agricultural organizations, and all other patriotic activities, can help by putting themselves affirmatively behind the Conference and using such influence as they nave ia making the work of all ofthe different war efforts a success.The Woman's organizations of the county cam help by patting their splendid organizations to work in an endeavor to make the meeting productive ofthe highest results.The Commercial Clubs and Chambers of Coesnserce can help to do effective work by arousing and informing the citizenship of their community concerning the seriousness of the war as well as ways and means ef winning- itby using printed posters or placards in conspicuous places throughout thecounty.Traveling men going over the couaty usually are ssoat witting te renderservice by working up meetings.The Four-MinaU Men can help by calling the attention ef she people tethe work of the Conference.The Boy Scouts can help by advertising tns meeting, by having deaeonatratkms and carrying banners with appropriate mottoes and hnerlektos uponthem. Also in putting up placards and distributing advertising matter.The different choirs of the different churches, aa wefl as aft ef the peopleef the county, can help by getting together and pmetietg I'lWi Mj singingwith a view to making it one of the leading features ef the Conference.All others can help by talking "about the Confer ones, by snooting it,by getting the citizens of the county interested m it atod tta werk.Persons desiring farther infermatien ionirnsar tins 'warShould aliases the Publicity nud Speakers'Cennefl of Defense, BewHng Green, Ky.rNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetn1nlnnAt &&? AH I l.UUnarT3U" -12i rr f tsnnunnnmr ,-' Satisfaction is Onri WatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are prepared) : , to do work inferior toM J .!nunc, anu solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Tf?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant of Paint.r h,is .a wS?te of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.r- I :M- ft.Wall Paperand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTY, Fifth and Main Streetsiiks1k1x1s325iES52fl- ,J-MTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.pagi srrorTELLS1E1SQEoT" W. DAVIS "1FUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor EquipmentJLjjc;A Great Net ofMjercy drawrvthroucdv 'an. Ocean, of Unspeakable PainT!vleAmencojiRed CrossBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KBENEFITTED HIMIS-rvir mT wbTtja :,rf r J. - j.TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1918.HOWTREATMENTAT OUREyes O'Blue and TousieheadBy JUDD MORTIMER LEWISWe have talked It over at our house.Talked It over as we have never talkedIt over before. We did not want EyesO'Blue to know about It, nor did wewant to lay any part of the world'sheavy burden upon the heart of Tousiehead. We have taught them that theworld Is a good and a beautiful place,but last night, gathered beneath thelight in the humble little parlor at ourhouse, we talked it over between us.Eyes O'Blue and Tousiehead were toldthat, while the world Is good, it is notall good ; that there are men who havestarted out to enslave the world andwho in the furtherance of that ambition have done awful things.Gradually as the tale was told theydrew nearer until we sat with ourarms about them. We told them ofhands hacked from baby wrists, ofdeath rained from the sky upon helpless little ones, of murder rising fromthe sea's green deeps to feed uponhelpless mothers and babies.And then we told them how thesesplendid soldier boys we see -everyday are going to the far front to fightand, if need be, die to keep this horror from our land. We told them ofburns and wounds and suffering.JOHN MADISON'S FAMILYWhen John Madison sailed forFrance there were no Indications thathis family would Buffer In a pecuniaryway while he erred his country. Johnjsfather was earning good wages. John'syounger brother, Henry, a driver, washelping out the family budgetThen John's father was stricken witkpneumonia. His earninc power stopped. Henry saet with an accident JiJohn bad stayed home he could havecarrttd nia mother and little sjrfttfrsthrsugh th crisis. But Jhn was 'withPestling overseas. Mast Ms familysuffer destitution?Tht Madison family's dilemma wasreported 'to the 'Bed Cross arid promptly placedlhTnandtOffrWrtice. As a result tht best medical, attention was secmred for Jdwa fatfcerand brother. Immediate fafttr wereplaced In the mother's hands, to prorid for the household as before thefamily "Income stopped. In the briefBRING THEM TO MEHOUSELearn About the Red CrossAnd then we told them of the RedCross.We had a number of Red Crosses Inour windows, but they had not known.We told them of the bandages andsupplies ne'eded to allay suffering.We told them of the noble women whoare giving their lives to the bindingup of hurts of the boys in khaki.We told them of the great need ofmoney with which to carry on thework of mercy.Then Eyes O'Blue In a voice whichchoked with pity for the distressedspoke of her savings, and Tousieheadclapped her hands at the thoughtThis morning I went to the bankand withdrew their savings, $63.29, andthey are to be put to work to a better work than they have been doing.At our house for the duratlftn of thewar we expect to "keep the days," weexpect to wear cobbled shoes andpatched clothing, and If we ever hesitate In our sacrifice I shall see thefaces of Eyes O'Blue and Tousieheadas, with tears on their cheeks, theysmiled at the thought of the help theymight be to the Red Cross.Are you helping us to carry the RedCross?sDace of a few hours Home Servicehad driven poverty from the absentsoldier's home.The whole aim and object of HomeService Is to protect the welfare of thesoldier's family while he Is away andtomaIntaln asHtar'spbesiblethesame standards of home life that prevailed while he was. at home. Morethan this, When the standard of livingis low it Is the duty and 'the opportunity of Home Service ie raise thestandard.Think of what It mew to John,Madison and his legions of comradesfa khaki and In btae' te realise that Intheir 'eKsence their loved ones will beWrTflen&TeTfflly and' M costantly as they themselves wouia navedene. Think what It means to thefnerale of these brave lads to knowthat whatever may. happen In the perils of warfare the future of their families will not be jeopardized& Contributed by Frank Godwin.FIGHTING SISTERSOF FIGHTING MENTwenty Thousand Nurses NowEnrolled in AmericanRed Cross.Of the eighty odd thousand registered trained nurses In the United Statesabout 20,000 have enrolled as RedCross nurses, volunteering their services at the front, in cantonments andhospitals or in any other needed capacities. This enrollment is the nursing reserve of the United States ArmyNurse Corps and the United StatesNavy Nurse Corps, and from it willalso be drawn contingents for serviceunder other allied nags than our own.The enrollment goes on at the rate of1,000 volunteers a month. On a basisof an army of a million men over 30,000 nurses will be required for activeduty in the present year.Up to the last of February over7,000 nurses had been actually detailed;to duty or were ready for Immediatemobilization. So it is seen that thereare none too many, in view of the requirements of the service, since between time of enrollment and actualassignment to duty the nurse must undergo a period of special study andtraining for war service, and the workof organizing and mobilizing this"army of mercy" is no small thing.A Nurse Is a Soldier.Surgeon Qeneral Gorgas has calledupon the Red Cross to supply 5,000nurses for the Army Nurse Corps byJune 1, and If this quota is forthcoming the total number detailed willhave reached 12,000. So the mobilization of another 18,000 to 25,000 byJan. 1, 1919, will be a big problem tosolve.Now, a none Is a soldier. She isrecognized officially by the government and included In those eligiblefo soldiers' and-tailors' war insurance. "XnursB goes' into 'actual dangerof wbunds-and death by shell fire andbomb explosion. Her work is arduous,exacting, calling for the finest qualities of mind and heart 'She Is theright hand of' the surgeon.So, because nursing' is primarily awoman's job, the war nurse Is properly the peculiar responsibility of thewomen of America. While the trainednurse is urged to volunteer the riskof her Ufe'at the front th "Americanwoman at home Is commanded by "every dictate of patriotism and humanityto support her' "fighting sister."The nurse fights pain, disease anddeath, making her sacrifice with amazing, cheerfulness and eathuulsaayLouisville Man Describes Relief NewTanlac Rheumatism Medicine BroughtTanlac Rheumatism Treatmenthas helped me so much, that I'm telling all the men in the shop about it,"said Charles Donlon, 983 South Preston street, Louisville, Ky. Mr. Donlonis a cigar maker."I had rheumatism in the jointsof my body, and it was especiallysevere in. my knees," Mr. Donloncontinued. "It got so painful attimes that I'd just have to grind myteeth."My hands got swollen from rheumatism, too, and I had intense painsin my. shoulders and arms."Well, I've only taken one package of Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment, now, but it surely has helpedme. The swelling in my hands isgone and the pains and aches in myarms and shoulders have disappearedalmost entirely."Since this one package of TanlacRheumatism Tretment has helped meso much I'm sure that it will ridme of my rheumatism entirely if Ikeep on taking it."Find out about Rheumatism Treatment to-day! You can find out aboutit or purchase it atVARDEN & SON'S.After LaGripue.Take Tanlac, the famous tonic, after la grippe or a hard cold. It willput your system back in healthyshape again. You can get Tanlac atVARDEN & SON'S,(adv)1ES ?S 1TEACHERS TO HELP IN THEWAR WORK.Teachers of Kentucky are to be enlisted along with Four Minute menunder the Committee on Public Information. Arrangements have beenmade through the State Superintendent, V. O. Gilbert, whereby all theteachers attending prefessionalschools this summer will receive thebuletin issued in June and those attending county institutes will receive a bulletin to be issued inAugust.The project to interest mothers' organizations, school children and Sunday Schools in the care of orphansof French soldiers is being promotedby the Department of Education. Ahome has been established for thechildren and S. L. Blaisdell is foreign secretary for the French organization having the work in charge.He has appointed SuperintendentGilbert for this State.1st J mHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has heentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through, the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison from, the Blood and healingthe diseased 'portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, OWo.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.Chamois Skin for WindowsTwo pieces of chamois skin and abasin or pail of warm water are thebest means for cleaning windows thatoni housekeeper knows of, so she says.One chamois skin she wrings out of thewarm water and uses for washing thewindows. With the other she driesthem. She finds the chamois skins farsuperior to the ordinary rags and saysthat, if they are kept clean, they willlast a long time. She uses the samemethod and materials for cleaning mirrors. Using Water as a WeightA pint of water, or of wheat, sugar,or butter weighs about one pound andmay safely be used as a basis forweights and measures. This knowledge is often valuable to the farmerwho keeps seed wheat on hand, for.itmay be made to weigh, by balance, allother farm products.Heel Not to Bear WeightThe weight of the, body must neverbe borne on the heels. In walking,the leg is thrown forward from thehip, knee acting in harmony, heeltouching the ground .first; but theweight should be so quickly transferred to the ball of the foot that theheel makes no noise. One who walksnoisily is always walking incorrectlyand of course 'cannot be graceful.As M Understood ItJohn wis trying to be unusuallywee to a man who was visiting John sbig sister, Clara. When things became dull inside, John invited the tIsitor out in the yard. Seeing one ofhis playmates, little John called himover, exclaiming:: "Charlie, come oaA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Let Us Serve You !This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thanother utilities, such as railroad, the gas or electric light andpower companies, because it serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the policaor the fire department are immediately summoned by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-peopleor your triends. ,HAVE YOU A PHONE? ' 'The cost is reasonable and is something few people canafford to do without. We are a home insttitution and are vitally Interested in the town' welfare. We can help you. Youcan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.Columbia9PColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00"Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDCRY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Collar Bone.It has been noticed that the collarone is more frequently broken thanny other bone in the body.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators ev-erything screened and 'freefrom dost and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in ardahitary manner. Our service .isprompt. ,MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in'conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1692W. H. CANNON,Ideal Manager.GrafonolasYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA kftutlful IIm f OarlMNto mPwy vMM IR IA MK tRM VTParis Gas & Electric C.over and meet my sister'a finance."THE feOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY."-3AGE EIGHTtuesday may 21, i9ig..x;IHIHHHlllMlHIllllllllimilllllillllillllimc?rSf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO IZE r t 'i4llJ&--r"CXJ' -- 'V-"v&l4 The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBAZMMRS. Paris Ky.9Marinand SixthStreetsMotor equipment.Day phone 36Nleht : . . 56or Home 286A'VMl.''!' A;HV..Ambulance Calls nromntlv afAnrforl f-n uiif-h nurLimousine Invalid Coach. ! !- ,Hearse used for funeral purposes only. ; ;Wtl I !Tuesday, May 21st'THE HONOR SYSTEM'R. A. Walsh's Master Drama, withGladys BrockwellGeorge Walsh andMiriam CooperThe greatest Human interest story evertold. .Ten reels of laughs, thrills, tearsand cheers. Produced by- William Fox.Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, inthe Eighth Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, May 22ndJesse. L. Lasky PresentsJack PickfordIN"The Spirit of '17'?r- .. By Judge Willis .Brown.Also a "Luke55 Comedy,with Harold Lloyd.Hcarst-Pathc News No.35.Thursday, May 23rdClara Kimball Youngf and. her own company present"The Marionettes"Made by. Select Pictures Corporation.Mutt and J eft CartoonComedy, ''The Leak."rtearst-Pathe News No.36.PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the- Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.H"H"I"H'','I"I'l"i"I"I"I"I""H"'if"i"iiiHi4i4i4iv"'! $MILLERSBURGwill take their degrees. See nextissue for account of annual concert"-i and commencement exercises.Miss Stella Bonar, of Falmouth,3s a. guest of her brother, Mr. R. C.Bonar.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Whaley, ofBet)il, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.3L L. Wilson.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell visited herr lister, Mrs. George Jeffreys, in Lex"Inglon, Friday.Miss Alberta Maffett returnedMonday from Washington, D. C,srliere she has been attending school.THE SICK Mrs. Fannie Nortonemains about the same; Messrs. Jas.'Clever, Earl Hill and M. E. Martin-ire improving; Dr. W. M. Miller issounng the sick.Rev. G. R. Combs, nastnr nf tlioetkodist Church, at Paris, gave aMrs. America Butler, aged seventy-eight,died Thursday at 7:40 p.m., after a several weeks' illness ofgeneral debility. Mrs. Butler wasone of our most prominent ladies,belonging to one of the old historicalfamilies of Kentucky. Her entirelife was spent in and around Millersburg. She was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Alex Miller, and a granddaughter of John Miller, one of theearly settlers of this, part of thecountry, who came from Virginia,and was the founder of Millersburg.She was a member of the first graduating class of the Millersburg Female College, being one of fouryoung ladies who took their degreesin 1857, and the last member of theclass to depart this life.She was a devout member of thePresbyterian church since early girl-DEATHS.HOLLIDAY.Ira J. Holliday, Jr., aged one year,died of spinal meningitis Friday afternoon at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Ira J. Holladay, who reside on the Sam Weathers farm, nearClintonville. The body was taken toHazard, Ky., for interment Sunday.lecture recital at the M. C. Audito- hood, and a member of all of its sonum. Friday at eisrht d. m.. entitled eietie TTiariv in lifo . mnP ,.-Folk Lore and Mountain Ballads,'Tinder the auspices of the W. C. T.U.f to an appreciative audience. Hiswork was good and out of the ordinary. A nice little sum wasrealized.The Red Cross drive, as reported .from the committees Sunday-jf-afisht, brought in the sum of "$3,298,and the work still going on yesterday. The committees were busy. yesterday and the probability is thatMillersburg's allotment of $3,000will be exceeded by at least $1,500."-i-'-He- soliciting committees overlooked, 310' one in their territory, and -the reespouse was a very generous one.-VThe Red Cross drive opened here.j iiifc(it. A uuoiiicss llietTLlUg l-rwas neid in the afternoon at theMethodist church, paving the way tothe -drive in the evening at the sameAplace. Several short addresses were.delivered, appropriate music for the-occasion was rendered, and the meet5ng was full of enthusiasm from start" to finish. Committees were appointed to canvass the two Millersburg" pracincts on Monday. See nextiissue for amount raised.. ' Following is a list of guests atM. C: Rev. O. B. Crockett, Shelby--ville:Mr. and a-nd Mrs. P. S. Neal- and Mrs. I. P. Humble, Harrodsburg;m: Mrs. Davis, Knoxville, Tenn.t MissHelen Beasley, Georgetown; Mrs. G.v". Sewell, Jackson; Miss Sandford,"Sloorefield; Mrs. Martha Davis, Lex-' mgton; -Miss Ada Plummer, Paris;f : "Hiss Mary McCue, Cincinnati, O.; J.!M. Dickenson, St. Paul, Va.; Mrs. A.. J. Stiles, Mayslick; Mr. and Mrs. M.!. Saunders, Flemingsburg; Miss Eli-2abeth Holmes, Carlisle.The annual commencement ex-- ercises of the M. C. opened Saturdaynight at the M. C. Auditorium, with-a beautiful little two-act operetta,-entitled "Sylvia," by the young ladies" or the voice and expression depart-.-ment; under the direction of Mrs. J.H.c Barnes, instructor in voice, and"Miss" Ethel Xing, instructor in ex--pression. The audience was large-and appreciative. The operetta" -was catchy,-arid the young ladies didmeir parts nicely. Sunday at 11 a.m. a "large audience, despite the-weather, assembled at the Methodist' church to hear the baccalaurate sermon. Most of the available snao-t. the .large auditorium was filled,This, too, in face of the fact that it"had been raining almost continu--'ously since early morning.T.At the appointed time the class of1518, consisting fourteen -young labial took their places, and an interestiag musical program was render, which was fully np to the aver5i. Then a neat address by Dr. C.' J... Fisher, President of the -College,was intensely enjoyed.Rev. 0. B. Crockett, pastor of the"Methodist church, of Shelbyville,'delivered the baccalaureate sermon',taking as his subject, "Christian-Ckaracter Building," was indeed"well- handled, and all were wellpleased, and many received more thanthey expected. At the close of theservice the rain was falling in torTents, and many were compelled toxemaia for a considerable time., The art rooms of the college were- T)ened to the public Monday, and the-fliKplay compared favorably with for-- "atnr years. The commencement ex- ercises will close this murning, atTs3tfiich time fourteen young ladiescieties. Early in life she was unitedin marriage to Mr. Alexander Butler, who preceeded her to the gravemore than twenty years ago. Theearly part of their married life wasspent on their farm near fnwtiJ Later they moved to town. Mr. Butler connected himself with the well-known dry goods firm of Smedley &Butler, which business he was operating at the time of his death.Since his death Mrs. Butler and herson, Mr. W. E. Butler, have residedtogether. This happy union wasblessed with three children, onedaughter, Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes, ofChicago, 111., two sons, Messrs. J. A.Butler and W. E. Butler, both ofMillersburg. She is also survived bythree grandsons, Messrs. Alex Hawesand James Hawes, of Chicago, 111.,and Albert Hawes, of the U. S. Army,in France, three granddaughters,Mrs. Priest Kemper, of Hopkinsville,Ky., and MissesMcLona Butler andLucia Butler, of Millersburg. She isalso survived by one sister, Mrs.Martha Savage, of Los Angeles, Cal.Her brother,. Joseph A. Miller, agedeighty, preceded her to the grave tendays ago.The funeral was conducted Saturday afternoon at three o'clock atthe Presbyterian church, by her latepastor, Rev. A. S. Venable, Presidentof Sayre College, Lexington. The interment followed on the family lotin Millersburg cemetery. A numberof relatives and friends were present from many of, the surroundingtowns, among them Hon. Richard.barnst, of Covington. The floraltributes were numerous and beautiful, which attested the high esteemof the deceased among her relativesand friends.MICKIE SAYS0DN EVER. NOfCE Z-THE EUER WHO GOES .AROUN SfWIN HE "oonVBELEVE M pCDVJEQ.-nSlM'S ALWfcNS MftKNSOhA OtMERlSTONE AGE CRACK. SUCH ASM AUTOS AlNlT COtVE TOSTAN. Then as jest aPASSN FAD 1IT- iKEESEE.The funeral of Mr. CharlesKeesee, aged seventy-eight, a formerresident of this county, who died inthe Confederate Home at Pewee Valley, near Louisville, Saturday morning, was held in the Paris CemeterySunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with services at the grave conductedby Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialtook place in the Confederate lot.The pall-bearers were Mr. Keesee'scomrades in arms in the Confederacy,members of the local camp UnitedConfederate Veterans.Mr. Keesee resided in this countyfor many years and for several termswas a member of the Bourbon FiscalCourt. He moved to Mt. Sterlingseveral years ago, where he was engaged in the grocery business withMr. William Hibler, of Paris. Hishealth beginning to fail Mr. Keeseewent to the Confederate Home,where he remained to the time of hisdeath. Attendants bailed to awakehim when the roll was called Saturday morning, and an investigationdeveloped the fact that he had diedduring the night, presumably froman attack of heart trouble, to whichhe was subject. Mr. Keesee left nochildren, and his only survivoris a niece, Mrs. Henry Reed, of Mt.Sterling.fS fe fcaLIST OF NEW BOOKS AT PARISPUBLIC LIBRARY.Miss Imogene Redmon, Librarianat the Paris Public Library, furnished THE NEWS with the following list of new books recently placed on the shelves at that institution.In fiction there is the following-Weston, G. "0, Mary, Be Careful." Porter, J. S. "Song of The Cardinal." Kerr, S. "The Blue Envelope."Dalrymple, L. "The Lovable Meddler." Richmond, J. S. "Brown Study."Cook, M. B. "Cinderella Jane."Locke, W. J. "The RedPlanet."Rheinhart, M. R. "Bab, A SubDeb." Bailey, T. "Mistress Anne.."Porter, E. H. "Road To Misunderstanding." Bosher, K. D. "Kitty Canary."Barr, A. "Christine, A Fife Fisher Vrin.Chamberlain, A. J. "Three StainedGlasses."Bower, B. M. "Starr of The nP!.ert."Budloss, H. "The Girl From Keller's." Dowd, E. C. "Polly and the Princess." Wells, C. "Faulkner's Folly."McCarter, M. "Vanguards of ThePlains."Morris, G. "His Daughter."Sinclair, M. "The Tree ofHeaven."Weston, G. "The Apple TreeGirl."Burroughs, E. R. "Tarzan andThe Jewels of Opar."Daviess, M. T. "Heart's Kingdom." Hill, M.-'McAllister's Grove "Rhinehart, M. R. "Long Live theKing."McGrath. Harold "Lnelr nf fi,aIrish."Richmond, J. "Red Pepper's Patients," Reynolds, Mrs. "Castle To Let"Hueston, E. "Sunny Slopes."Bundloss, H. "Carmen's Messenger." Rives, E. H. "The Lone Lane'sTurning."4 "Wiilliamson, C. N. and A. M.Lightning Conductor DiscoversAmerica."Sidgwick, Mrs. A. "Salt of theEarth."Ward, Mrs. H. "Missing."Widdemer, M. "The WishingRing Man." 5Rice A. H. "Calvary Alley."Connor, Ralph "The Major."Allen, James Lane "The Kentucky Warbler.Gordon, A. C. "Ommerandy "Dodge, H. I.- "Skinner's Baby"Driver, M.- "Desmond's Daugh-TIhlinde"m' E- 'Kingdom - ofBartlett, F. D.--:"The Wall StreetBeach, Rex. "The Rainbow'sEnd."Richards, R. E. "Pippin."Abbott, E. H. "The Stingy Receiver." BOOKS ON THE WAR.Empey, A. G. "First Call."Swope, H. B. "Inside The German Empire'Huard, F. W. "My Home, in TheField of Honor."Peat, H. R. "Private Peat'sStory."Cholmondeley, A. "Christine."Rheinhart, M. R. "The Altar OfFreedom."Beck, J. M. "Evidence In TheCase As To The Moral ResponsibilityOf The War."Dawson, C. "Carry On."Gerard, Jas. W. "My Four YearsIn Germany."Empey, A. G. "Over The Top."Marcosson, I. F. Leonard Wood,Prophet of Preparedness."Buswell, L. "Ambulance No.Ten.'Williams, L. "Passed By TheCensor."Lynch, F. "Through Europe OnThe Eve of War."Oil on "Troubled Waters."The experiment on a large scale onsmoothing water by means of oil wasfirst made at Peterhead, England, byJohn Shields, 36 years ago. A forcepump with 1,200 feet of lead and Ironpipe was used to throw the oil uponthe waves at the harbor's mouth. Although the sea was running high itbecame smooth as soon as the pumpbegan to "pour oil upon the troubledwaters."COMES FROM ALASKA TO RAISEKENTUCKY CORN."Uncle Sam called and I am hereto answer his call," said L. B. Anderson, a successful farmer at the ageof 74, "and I have come all the wayfrom Alaska to raise corn in 'OldKentucky.' " He presented a letterof introduction bearing the signature of the American Southern National Bank of Anchorage, Alaska, tothe Anchorage, Ky.,bank of the samename. , cAnderson has been a farmer inAlaska for 28 years. Practically allof this time he spent raising potatoes, making quite a fortune on theproduct. He realized $50 a ton lastyear and $24 a ton this year for hiscrop.Naming the Cherry.The cherry gets its name from Cerasos, an old Greek town on the Blacksea, whence came the first garden cherries known to Europe.Submarines.It Is Impossible to name the realInventor of the submarine. Underwater boats have been a matter of studyfor 300 years. John P. Holland, anAmerican, living in New York and NewJersey, developed the submarine to itspresent form. He built his first boatssome time In the seventies, and in1890 constructed one that met the approval of the naval authorities.On Peacemaking.For a nation to make peace only because It Is tired of war, and, as It wertIn order just to take breath. Is in direct subversion of the end and objectof the war which was Its sole justlfl.cation. 'TIs like a poor waysore traveler getting up behind a coach that Iigoing the contrary way to his. Colridge (in 1805.)INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders BankGREAT BARGAINS!IN.suMMER FOOTWEAROwing to our great purchasing system for our chain ofstores, we are in a position to offer to our patrons the bestqualities and smartest styles ofMen's, Women's, Children'sShoes, Oxfords and PumpsAt Prices as Low as "Before the War Prices"3 &-J&&Ladies beautiful PearlGrey, Havana Brown,Black and other leading colorsBootsOxfordsand Pumpsof the famous .WalkOver and other makesat exceedingly lowprices.zLadies' Gray Boots, Oxfordsand PumpsLadies' Mahogany Tan Bootsand OxfordsLadies' Black English Boots andOxfords ,Ladies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfordsand Pumps$3.49$3.95$2.99$1.95Men's Dark Tan English Shoes andOxfords, Walk-OverMen Jan and Black Shoes andOxfords, good makesMen's Gun Metal Button n JAand Lace Shoes LJgBoys' Gun Metal Lace and 1 noButton Shoes $1.99-$5.00$3.49$2.99$1.79DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storeliin. j