vC.L- O -avv4"j4nks.r . - 5 JafeH iif .1-- ' " iTy?TJf y,a ',ti. . 4f'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-V0LUME1XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1918".!--THEBWiiim jSBSA BA SBBmSBBk .BSk-.s. L BW -S9 SfJBfJBIM A BflaH .P ' HNrKvSHB -f-b k'H.Wt' B.M "s B jVsbjMl II llMI 1111 . IMBW MfWMl3kSlBiBw BWiAiW BxB BV H BmjiW.. Bv JiW Bfl Bfl 1V1 . Bfl Bfl Bfl BV BV A. ''IBSm IB? B H HB ar BB-J30TTKBON COUNTY TO HAISE7 MOBE WHEAT NEXT YEAB3ig Campaign to Start WednesdayNignt Precinct CommitteesAppointedWhile Bourbon county was first inthe list of 30 counties in the Statein the production of wheat this yearand raised all that the Governmentasked, it will be called on to do morethe coming year. The Governmentlas decreed that Bourbon countyMUST raise 7 more wheat the coming year. In view of this fact preparations have already begun. At ameeting on Wednesday at the courtlouse the preliminary arrangementswere discussed.Among those present were Dr. S.H. Halley, of Lexington, Chairman,of the Kentucky Agricultural" Councilof Defense; Prof. 0. Kircher, of theExtension Department of KentuckyUniverstiy; J. S. Robbins, EmergencyCounty Agricultural Agent; JudgeGeorge Batterton, John T. Collins,Lawrence Mitchell, Bourbon CountyFood Administrator; John WillieJones, D. C. Lisle, J. H. Thompson,County .Fuel Administrator; L. M.YanHook, W. S. Meng, ClarenceWright and W. D. Mclntyre.The National Council of Defenselas taken the matter up and an important meeting of -farmers and landowners has been arranged for Wednesday night at 8 o'clock at theCourt House.At a preliminary meeting onWednesday the problem of labor andtaking care of the crop after it hadbeen harvested was fully discussed,and the gentlemen in charge, whilethey did not nave the authority toannounce at this meeting, assuredthose present that arrangements hadbeen made, pr would be, for the Government to take a hand in straightening out the tangles in regard to thelabor, storage, "handling, shippingand provisions for realizing realmoney when needed by the grower.With TJncle Sam having from 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 or our boys atthe front fighting for us back home,it is as little as we can do to feedthem, and it is going to take "somewheat crop" to do it. Let everyfarmer attend this meeting and let'sget started and started right.Speakers who will know what theyare talking about -will be present totell us what is to be done and howto do it. The Council of National Defense assisted by the County FoodAdministrator, will have the meeting in charge, and it is going to bea "hummer.The following committees fromthe various precincts in the county"have "been appointed to make a Tiouseto house canvass and get signaturesto the red, white and blue pledgecards furnished by the Government,as to "how many acres each farmerwill agree to sow in wheat. Thefirst named in the list in each precinct is" to act as chairman and isrequested to notify the balance of hiscommittee to be present at the meeting on Wednesday night:Little Rock James Caldwell, S.Ray Burris, R. H. Burris, EdsellClark, Finley Burns, Everett Hopkins, J. E. Boardman, Sam Clay,Thos. Redmon, Thos. Buckner, W.M. Rogers, Houston Crouch, W. T.Parker, Frank Collins.Millersburg W. D. Mclntyre, Letton Vimont, John Marr, J. P. Redmon, E. P. Wagoner, C. R. Rankin,Sanford Carpenter, John Leer, C. B.Layson,Jos. Plummer, Talbott Bros,.T. W. Current, W. F. Sanders, J. T.Jefferson, Alex. Miller.Ruddles Mills Jack Cunningham,Jas. Fisher, Amos Turuey, Jr., Geo.Current, Jas. Connell, Geo. Wyatt,Jr., Geo. X. Redmon, John Marston,Dick Marsh.Centerville John Clay, Vol. Ferguson, Stanhope Wiedemann, H. H.Chinn, Sam Houston, Squire Shropshire, Joe Leach, A. P. Adair, JonasWeil, Hub.. Clifford.Hutchison Jas. Thompson, JohnBrennan, Robt. Meteer, Forrest Letton, Win. Ardery, M. R. Jacoby, Mat.Bedford, Hugh Ferguson, D. G.Taylor, John Wiggins, Jas. Wilmott,Prank Collier, W. K. Dudley.Clintonville Lee Stephenson,Luther Rice, W. W. Haley, A. S.Thompson, Jas. Woodford, Thos. H.Clay, Jr., Brooks Clay, Varden Shipp,Letcher Weathers, John Woodford.North Middletown John T. Collins, L. D. Mitchell, H. S. Caywood,John W. Jones, L. H. Bryan, J. W.Young, Jr., W. H. McCray, DavisPatrick, C. C. Clarke, W. A. Thomason, Ben Buckner, Charlton Clay,Ben Woodford, Clay Gaitskill.The pledge below will be presented to every farmer in the county forhis signature.FOOD PRODUCTION CAMPAIGNExtension Division, College of Agriculture, University of Kentuckyand theUnited States Department of Agriculture Co-operatingIBIn the performance of my" duty asa patriotic , citizen of the UnitedStates of America I promise to sowjacrasof- wheatin 1918. -I sowed . . . . . T. . . r u. .' acres of"wheat in 1917. 'Date : .. :. .. .'. .V..Signed : . .AddressA red, "white and blue placard willoe given each fanner' to tack on .hisfront gate, which reads as follows?inis arm is serving uui vvjuh- ,try. its owner has agreed to sow,. . . acres of wheat thisJyear to help; win. the wanSigned. .- ,. . . ,vV v: - ? .-..-TWENTY-THREE COLORDED SELECTS TO GO TO CAMP TAYLORrAnswering to the call of theircountry, twenty-three colored menof this city and county, taken fromthe lists under the selective draftservice act, will report to the CountyDraft Board at their office in thecourt house this afternoon at fiveo'clock. They will be given theirfinal instructions by the Board, andplaced under the charge of a Captian. To-night they will be entertained at the colored M. E. Church,on High street, with a patriotic program and a banauet. .To-morrow, morning they will reassemble in front of the court house,where, after the distribution ofcigars, cigarettes and tobacco, theywill form in line of march, and,headed by the Liberty' Drum andBugle Corps and the members of theDraft Board, they will proceed to theTenth street passenger station of theLouisville & Nashville, where theywill entrain at 7:45 for Camp Zachary Taylor.This contingent of twenty- threemen takes the last of the 1917 drafted colored men from this county andcity, a'nd in future calls the classeswill have to be moved up to fill upthe ranks of the call in Class 1.The men who will leave to-morrowmorning will be selected from thefollowing list:"7 (783) John Hutsell.417 (1232) John Norman Christopher. 486 (544) Ben Hillman.870 (1251) Charlie Happy.1203 (834) Tom Butler.1244 (997) Stephen Beattv.1403 (651) Frank BreckenridgeThomas.1456 (1019) Cal Firman. v1469 (718) Ed Hall.1476 (448) Arthur Brown.1481 (1089) John Ellis.1503 (1088) Charley Calloway.1520 (813) Joe Scott.-6 (76) Stanley E. Bowles.9 (4) Russell Allen.16 (72) Willie Baker.21 (41) Wilson Macon.30 (48) Rowland Harris.39 (54) Wesley Thomas.40 (81) Jerry Jackson.47 (58) Arline Thomas.54 (8) George Washington.57 (94) Strawder Wess.59 (40) Willis Cason.,.60 (38) John Right Scott.63 (1) Harry Brown.. 67 (14) Taylor Smith.73 (68) Henry Hawkins.86 (23) William Hawkins.92 (86) JbYank Johnson.99 (97) Albert Gaines.NOTICE T0N SUBSCRIBERS' More or less complaint has reachedTHE NEWS about the irregularityof the delivery of papers this year,especially from subscribers at a distance. Every effort is. made in thisoffice to get the papers mailedpromptly on Monday and Thursdaynights of each week, preceding theday of issue, and they have neverbeen known to "miss connection"with the postoffice.Their failure to reach subscribersmay be due to the congested condition of the mails and the usualpractice of the railway mail clerksto neglect newspaper mail. Sometimes the address may be illegible.Subscribers are invited to drop us acard or telephone us whenever thepaper fails to reach them within aday or two of the usual time, and anextra copy will be mailed them, ifany are left in the office at the time.The same thing applies to the citycarrier service. THE NEWS feelsthat it has a faithful and efficientstaff of carriers, and complaints lodged against them are always investigated. The result has been in mostcases in their favor. Passers-by aretempted to pick up papers belonging to subscribers; they may beblown away by the wind, and anynumber of other causes contribute tothe few complaints that reach us.We are inclined to give the carriersthe benefit of the doubt. At anyrate, we will gladly send copies tothose who have missed getting theirpapers regularly on Tuesday and Friday mornings.The requirement of the Government that the paper be sent only tothose who pay for it in advance willforce us to discontinue the paperwhen the time 'paid for expires.Hence, if you do not want to miss acopy you should see to it that yourrenewal reaches us in time to keepus from being forced to Mrop yourname from the list.PAIGE AND BRISCOE AUTOMOBILES. Special features on the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are" thesmall upkeep and economy In gasoline. Ask for demonstration,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.BLUEGRASS CROP DELIVERIESParis dealers are paying $1.50per bushel to Bourbon ounty farmers for blue grass seed. Deliveriesare being made daily, and the seedcleaning plants are running day andaight shifts. The "cleaned seed isquoted at $2.75 per bushel on theIdeal market. xAn unusual sight ras witnessedWednesday when a small tractorpassed up Main street, drawing behind it four huge trucks piled highwith "sacked blue grass seed consigned to one of the local seed cleaningplants. The disparity in the size Ofthe tractor and the immenserload itwas pulling withease was commenteaon-by alb who saw it."COLD CHECK" WORKER STINGSPARIS MERCHANTS"Cold check" workers must findin Paris merchants a good field fortheir peculiar methods of highfinancing, as they .continue to floattheir worthless paper here from timeto time.A few daysv ago one of thesesmooth fellows successfully placedseveral checks for amounts varyingfrom $2.5u to $15 with various merchants in this city. In each instancethe man made a purchase of goodsin a small amounts tendering acheck and receiving the difference inmoney.The check came back from theirbanks in the due course of businessmarked, "No funds," or "Worthlesspaper." Rather than invite unwelcome publicity the merchants whohad been taken in on the checkskept their troubles from everyonesave the police, whom they informedin the hopes that a quiet investigation would bring-the culprit to justice. But he is still at laree and themerchants are out several dollarseach, besides their goods.Pa fe feFREIGHT DEPOTS TO CLOSEEARLY TO CONSERVE FUEL,All freight depots on the Louisville& Nashville railway system will beclosed at 4 o'clock daily except Saturdays, when they will closed at 1o'clock. The purpose of the order isto ' save fuel. The order of W. L.Mapother, manager of the company,notified the State Railroad Commission of the order. The announcement was made by Richard Tobin,secretary of the Commission.Orders to the above effect havebeen received here by General -AgentW. V. Shaw. The public. is urgentlyasked to govern themselves accordingly, and to have freight shipmentsin the depot before the hours mentioned. ROAMER .BRED IN THIS COUNTY,BREAKS. WORLD RECORD.The American record for one milewas broken at Saratoga Springs racetrack, Wednesday afternoon, whenRoamer, the seven-year-old son ofKnight Errant Rose Tree II, reeled off that time against time in1:34 4-5. The former American record of 1:35 was made by Salvator at Monmouth Park,' N. J., nearlythirty years ago.Roamer, -who is the property, ofAndrew Miller, was bred at the .Race-land Stud of Clay Bros., near Parishand was sold to Eastern parties someyears ago by Woodford Clay. Hewon quite a sum for his owner instakes and purses. Jockey AndySuhttinger had the mount on Roamer. The fractional tome in the goagainst time was as follows: :12 1-5;:23 3-5; :34 3-5; :46; :58; 1:10 1-5;1:22 2-5; 1:34 4-5.1 WE KNOW 'HOW S1 !l 1Hot Weather?Why, Certainly!But there is no need to suffer when you canwhen you can purchase light weight comfortableclothing from us.Palm Beach Coat and TrousersCool Cloth and Mohair Suitsthat will certainly keep you cool these hot, sultry days$13.50 to $25.00Men's Summer Underwear, in union suits andtwo-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks.Straw Hats and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00.Low Cut Oxford Shoes, tans and blacks, Nettleton and J. P. Smith makes, $7.00 to $12.00.Do not delay. Buy to-day and be cool and comfortable. '11IIiMITCHELL &iv -s Nettleton- ' Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesA "-aSMVEfca:CHANGES IN CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE FORCES.Several changes have been maderecently in the office and workingforces of the Cumberland TelephoneCo. Miss Lillian .E. Bradley, whohas been the capable Chief Clerk toManager Floyd, has been transferredto Louisville, where sh'e takes an important clerirT nnsritton In fho Hum.berland office. Miss Bradley mademany friends here,, and personally sheregrets leaving Farfs, whose people,in her own words, "are among thebest and most considerate and themost cordial in their business andsocial relations of any I have everknown." xMiss Bradlev has been succeededhere as Chief Clerkr by Mrs. JimmieWhaley. Miss Marcella Ryan will beher capable assistant. Both have hadlarge business experience under capable-instructorsand will be valuableassistants to Manager Floyd,Mr. J. N. Kirkpatrick has resignedas Wire Chief for the Cumberlandat this nlace. to acceDt a similar no-sition with the Fayette Home Telephone Co., at Lexington. Mr. J. H.leal, who was formerly with thelpcal forces, has been recalled fromAshland to fill the vacancy createdby Mr. Kirkpatrick's departure.HAVE YOUR HOUSE WIRED MATERIAL ADVANCING DAILYPlace you order NOW for havingyour house wired for electricity.Material is advancing daily. We havemen ready to do the labor now -andmay not have later. House-cleaningtime for fall will soon be on, toohave the work done before that time.The days will be getting shorter soonand you will want light in the earlyevening. There is every reason forpreparing for electric conveniencesNOW. You may need electric current fdr various purposes this winter. Let us figure with you NOW.- PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(23-2t) (Incorporated.-r JSi IS PpCOMMUNITY CHORUS PAYS VISITT0 NORTH MIDDLETOWNNorth Middletown was invadedlast night by a patriotic company ofpeaceful citizens, who accompaniedthe members of the CommunityChorus there on a peacfeul mission.For. two hours the air was full ofmusic rendered by the vocalists, whofairly'outdid themselves for the benpflf nf thefr " fel1ow-P.iti7P.ns. TheiBTeakbers of the Chorus took positionson the steps of the Cnristian churcn,where they rendered the followingnroeram of patriotic airs and campsongs: "Somewhere In France;" "Mr.Zip, Zip, Zip;" "Laddie in TheKhaki:" "Joan of Arc;" "OverThere;" "Sons of America;" "PackUn Your Troubles:" "There's A Long,Long Trail," and "Keep The HomeFires Burning."BLMEMOREShoes 'jM.'mIr sE'.3..-.IN THE SERVICE-OF THEIR1 COUNTRY.I.! Harking back to familiar scenes,private Arcnie Lucas Is spending aten-days' vacation with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Squire Lucas, on theJackstown pike, near Paris. He isstationed at Camp Meade, Md.About three hundred civiliansfrom Louisville and other parts ofKentucky, and from Indiana, manyof whom are well-known "here, entered the Field Artillery Central Officers' Training School at Camp Zachary Taylor yesterday.Instructions have been received bySergeant R. O. Moore, the MarineCorps recruiting officer 1n Lexington,ordering him to re-enlist men whohave had previous service in theArmy or Marine Corps, provided theycan get a release from their localboards if they are in the draft quotas..Dr. H. M. Hamilton, veterinarysurtreon of Paris, whn rppp-itlv emliat-!ed in the Veterinary Department intne Government Service, has beenhonorably discharged, due to a defectin his eyes. It is understood Dr.Hamilton will appeal his case toWashington.'Troops are being rapidly movedfrom various training camps throughout the country to concentrationcamp and embarkation ports' in theEast and South. Trains bearing enlisted men have been passing throughParis recently at intervals. Themen seemed fit and ready for anykind of service.Mr. S. Lee McGohan, former legislator and well-known newspaperman, of Ewing, is now in the service,having been accepted for serviceoverseas as one of the Y. M. C. A.war work secretaries from Kentucky.Mr. McGohan is at present at CampZachary Taylor, in the preliminaryinstruction class for Y.-- M. C. A.work.Sergt. John Talbott Redmon, of thefirst class in the Medical Departmentand Chief Clerk to the Camp Surgeon at Camp Hancock, is spendinga ten-days' furlough with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. King Redmon,near Paris. His brother, Mr. Rutherford Redmon, is a member of heNaval Aviation Section at CampDewey, Great Lakes, 111.The names of men contained inthe list 'of civilians who have beenaccepted for the Central TrainingSchool at Camp Gordon, Ga., havebeen made public at the camp.Among the number are Andrew CarlCaywood and Woodford Buckner,both of Bourbon county. The prescribed course of training is for fourmonths. The candidates will takeup their work immediately upon arrival. .Mr. Wayne Cottingham, formerlyof Paris, now a member of thereportorial staff of the LexingtonLeader, went to Frankfort, Wednesday, and obtained permission fromMajor Henry Rhodes for the Lexington draft board to place him withthe men leaving Lexington on Aug.28. Mr.. Cottingham would nothave been called for some time, butvolunteered to leave before he wascalled, as he is anxious to get in theservice:Although they may reside in otherplaces, Paris still claims allegiancefrpm former residents. A case inpoint is that of Private Ernest Beheler, who, with his father, Mr. W. A.Beheler, was for several years engaged in the bottling business inParis. Private Beheler has been inthe service some time, haying beenstationed successively at Ft. Thomas,Omaha, Neb., and at present in theAero Camp at Newport News, "Va.He is spending a ten-days' furloughwith friends in Paris and Lexington.At the regular meeting of theMedical Advisory Board, held in Lexington, Wednesday, fifteen men fromCynthiana and Paris were examined.Ten of the number, from Paris, wererated as follows. ,Emel S. Raines, disqualified; OrrinL. Estes, disqualified: Edward W.Fithian, qualified for military service; Clarence P. Wasson, generalmilitary service; Eli Friedman, general military service; Alex M. Keller,special service; N. B. Moss, specialservice; Robert G. Young, specialservice; Albert O' Ash craft, specialservice, and Newell B. Peffer, specialservice., .En route to Maysville from Frankfort, Wednesday,, on official businessDeputy State Fire Marshal Ed. Hite,formerly of Paris, stopped in Parisa short- while between 'trains. "Mrs.Hite had a letter recently from hernephew, who is Chief Clerk in oneof the. big army divisional head-quartersin France, in which some mostreassuring statements were given,"said Mr. Hite. "He stated that hecould, if allowed, tell some startlingnews as. to the termination of thegreat struggle. He wrote that theuniversal, opinion was that - theBoches vwere badly beaten, and thatthe war would not be prolonged muchbeyond early 'spring. He said thatthe outside world really didn't Jcmowof5 the thousands of tons of stores,P0EMEB RACIWG JUDGE DIES AXMT. STEKLnTG.CoL A. W. Hamilton, aged seventy,died at his home in ML Sterlimg-,Wednesday night, after a tfcre.days' illness due to uraemia poisoning. Col. Hamilton was for maaymany years engaged as presidingjudge at the Los Angeles amd Chicago race tracks, and was widelyknown In thoroughbred circlethroughout the country. For manyyears he -was a leader in Democraticpolitics and at one time was "a caadidate for United' States Senator.In his youth Col. Hamilton was aresident of Paris, where herecelyethe rudiments of an educationaltraining, in the old Bourboa 'Academy. He resided many years "inParis, where he was always inowQas "Bill" Hamilton. His motherresided in the old brick: building onthe coruner of Main and Eighthstreets,, which, was torn down someyears ago to give way to the present iMeeiy nat building on the site.Mrs. Hamilton was a very zealous adherent of the Confederate cause, amfspent a large portion of her time Inmaking creature comforts andclothes for the soldiers. A companyof home guards, organized here forthe protection of the people againstFederal raids, was named the Hamilton Guards in her honor.The present city editor of THENEWS, while engaged in newspaperwork on the Mt. Sterling papersyears ago, delighted in hearing CoLHamilton recall in a most" vivid manner the stirring scenes of his boyhoodspent in Paris, and of incidents thathappened here while he was a resident of Paris. He was a man of delightful personality and had a hostof friends who sincerely regret hispassing.PS ? feCITY COUNCIL MEETS.-The Paris City Council met lastnight in its regular semi-monthly session. There was little business ofimportance before the body. Theregular routine business was transacted and the only matter of imporportance that was out of the ordinarywas the adoption -of a resolution authorizing the City Attorney to bring3uit against the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. to recover any and all sums heretofore paid said company in excessof the reasonable value of streetlighting service furnished the city onalleged contracts entered into duringthe years 1912 and 1915.? teBALKED GERMAN SCHEKEOKVALUABLE PROPERTYA. Mitchell Palmer, Alien PropertyCustodian, announced Wednesday hehad frustrated a scheme whereby'theformer German owners of the BayerCompany, a $10,000,000 concern,now in the hands of the Government,hoped to acquire a substantial partof the company's business througha subsidiary company.ammunition and big and small gunsthat had been captured. The Germans are really in a bad plight, hesaid, and the Americans are doingtheir share toward ridding the woVldof them,"Edwin Thomas, Jr., a North Middletown boy, who is at JuniorPlattsburg Camp, New York, nasbeen promoted to Battalion SergeantMajor.Lieut. Charles J. Petrie, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. Ida De3ha, onMt. Airy avenue, left yesterday forCamp Jackson, near Columbia, SouthCarolina, where he will be one of theinstructors in the artillery branch of"the service. Mrs. Petrie, who wasformerly Miss Helen Desha, will remain here for a while.Private Hord Lovell, of Pari3, wholeft here in May with one of theBourbon county contingents forCamp Zachary Taylor, has written tohis father, Mr. M. B. Lovell, announcing his safe arrival at a Frenchport as a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Force.Homer Nutter, Charles EdwardrMason and George Thomas, Bourboncounty colored draftees, have advisedtheir Paris relatives that they wDlleave Camp Zachary Taylor in a fewdays for an Eastern embarkationport, from where they will sail forFrance to enter service. All threewere in Paris this .week biddinggoodbye to their friends and relatives. Lieut. Colliver Dawes, of George- .town, for a long time physical director at the Bourbon County Y. M. C.A., has been promoted to the rankof Captain, according to information,received in Paris yesterday byfriends. He Is now an officer in Co--D.,338th Regiment, at Ft BenjfHarrison. Capt. Dawes entered thefirst pfficers' training camp at Ft.Ben j. Harrison, and received "therank or First Lieuteant. He has-benthe athletic director for the regimentsince last spring.Prof. Robert T. Hinton, formerlyof Paris, and recently of Georgetown,who left June I for Princeton, totrain as a recreational secretary inthe Y. M. C. A. war work, hasarriTed safely in London, according to information received in. Georgetowmby Mrs.' Hinton.Letters have,, beenreceived -here -v announcing -ti safearrival of Mr. C. Oakford Hinton, ofParis, who will be engaged in the.same worfc. He is a brother of ProfRobert Hiato. j'l"3UKJTW0M BOURBON NEWSVfctolished 188136 Tears of Cotinuous PublicationJPiMished Every Tuesday and PritLayB8c Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1;00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, EdiUr and Owntr.Any erroneous reflection upon the-"Xfharacter, standing or reputation of& person, firm or corporation which4Miy appear in the columns of THEHJRBON NEWS will be gladly cor-iMltd if brought to attention of thevectorADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per:or first time; 50 cents per inch'- 43h -fttbseauent insertion.-Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineca "Issue;, reading notices in blackXqjfrefZO'cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-4etoe,"Vitfiaries and resolutions, andnlarimatter, 10 cents per line.i, Special .Tates for large advertise-moata, "and" yearly contracts.T 'right of publisher is reserved$ decline any advertisement or otheriwatter ior puDiicauon.Announcements for political officesiXMst invariably be accompanied by- 4&H3 cash.This paper has enlisted' ththe government in ther cavse of America for theVperiod of the war -EDITOBIAL MUSINGS.The Pleasures of Home."Love is the great home-maker-that makes even the drudgery: of-Iiousekeping a pleasure, and homeSife a foretaste of the bliss of heaven.- &ne cannot get too much love into-one?s Zhome-making, but easily too-.Srttie."Jffan has done wonders since hexjame before the public. He has.navigated the ocean, he has pene-&rated the mysteries of the starryheavens, he has harnessed the light-iing and made it pull street carsand light the great cities of the.world. But he can't find a spool ofnreS itthread in his wife's work basket;"iie can't discover her pocket in a-Iress ihanging in a closet; he can't J. Irang -out clothes and get them on i" the line right side up. He cannotAold clothespins in his mouth whilehe is doing it either. He cannot besi polite to somebody he hates. He can"v not -sit in a rocking chair without"Changing the rockers into the baseboards. He cannot put the tidy on"the sofa pillow right side out. Hecannot sew on a button. In short,-tee cannot do a hundred things thatrsvomen do almost instinctively."The real pleasures of life are notto be bought. Amusement is for-jBRlebut joy comes without price'ritf '"without bargaining. There areatoflgures set upon happiness; it-springs up in the pathway like a- '"flower the seed of which has beenTwaXted from some other world. Thejafe, deep joys of life, benison like,, fell frpmj heaven upon our hearts.JSiDTiB can command them, none canmrner -themYou may purchaser --assistance and inferest, but affection-' .-aad lovecome unsought, unsolicited,- -mnhongat; "What wealth have you""greater, mtfre worthy to you than thetender kindness, 'the sympathy, thespirit"bf self-giving that goes out toyou from. othe lives?- These assetsr s.Te.mst -on our own office ledgers,al)titt)ii the great ledgers of life from-which our final balances are struck,Jihey are writ large."ft Who'll Wear The Pants?"When supremacy in the homepassed from the male head of the-institution to the wife, people usedito Temark that it was "the missus-who wears the pants," and if thisr -standard of measurement is to be ap-- 3lied nowadays it is going to be rath--er difficult to determine whether it- is the men, or the women, "who'll-wear the pants," and manage the af-- fairs of the world. The villagetschool ma'ams and belles are nowdoing a large part of the work in- "r Washington, and they have replaced, men in the Government departmentsin thousands of cases. The munitions-"'plants are filled with women, and in"-the industries they are doing every""" bit 9js good service as men.Reports from England upon this' - -l phase of industry are interesting,since" the Mother Country undoubt--edly moves even slower than we are-, -soing. Neverthless, 1,500,000 wo-" -men haVe directly replaced, men sincethe beginning Of the war. The fig-j '.nres from France an'd Italy are even.. . ,surprising in character. Into oreScraiany and Austria the burdens of.iflabor have fallenVimoet entirelyupoi&thelwomen. Gradually womenjSre taking their places inpthe ranksof industry shoulder to shoulderwith men.Pity the German Pigs.We know we would not care to bea human being on the continent ofEurope, living in constant fear ofbeing caught in a brawl started bysome N pig-headed kingling with aself-inflicted predestination forworld domination. Now, in addition,we are quite sure we wouldn't evencare to be a cow or a mule if we hadto live there. The Food Administration tells us that many countries ofEurope are hard put to find foragefor their stock. To replace the usualfodder material "there are numerous substitutes, some of which aremost ingenious." Likewise, tasteless and unpalatable we suspect. Pineand fir needles have been used inSweden, potato tops in .Norway, hazelcatkins have been dried and used asa sort of fodder flour in Germany,and in Austria-Hungary stingingnettles were being resorted to lastJanuary. Perhaps the strangest fodder substitute of all, however, iscocks-chafers, a kind of beetle, whichare being collected throughout Germany and Austria by school childrenas food for pigs and poultry. Howthose pigs must hate the Kaiser!Uncle Sam Will Rule the WaveFive years ago American shipswere as invisible as whales, and voyagers to Europe and South Americafrequently returned without seeingeither. But American ships are hopping into the ocean with more speedthan American automobiles achieved ten or a dozen years ago. Justthink of it! There were 123 newvessels launched in July, with 631,944 dead weight tonnage. No previous twelve-month period in American shipyards equals this period. Afew months ago the pessimists werepredicting the failure of our shipbuilding program. That was whenthe yards were building, and the material and workmen were gettingthings in shape to start things. Now,even Americans, who are used to marvelous achievements, are surprised atthe records in ship building, and itis confidently predicted that one ofthe results of the war will be that"Uncle Sam will rule the wave.'rGreat Britain will be distanced before long, at the rate we are going.We Would Rather Be Americans.How would you like to be awheat farmer in Australia or a corngrower in Argentine? The Food Administration reports that nearly 300million bushels of wheat are stored inAustralia. There are no ships tom0ve it and therefore no market forit. The government has guaranteeda price of 83 cents per bushel for it,and the commonwealth has added 12cents, making a total of 95 cents tothe producer. In Argentine there isno market for corn, and many farmers are disposing of it for fuel at 40cents per bushel. At that, however,it would be better to be a farmer inArgentine or Austrialia than to beone in Russia where the Germanswould take your wheat and not evensay thank you.No thanks, we are glad to beAmericans, and we are not going toget over being glad either.A Voice Prom Colorado.The paragraphers from the National Capital need no longer claimsuperior knowledge of conditions, asnone of. them could very well saymore in fewer words about "Govern-ment Ownership" than the editor oftte Middle Park, Colorado, Times,I who observes: "In the taking overby the Government of the telegraphand telephone lines, there is plentyof material for thought as to whetherit will work out the same in theselines as it has in railroad affairs. Itcertainly is to be hoped that the rateswill not be raised, but in view of thefact that Colorado companies havealready asked for a raise in rates, andthe Denver papers are some of themtearing their hair about it, thatwould seem to be what we may expect." .( .The End of the War,Far-seeing men believe that wehave just begun to fight, and wisemen realize that the only safe policyis for us to assume that the strug-gle will be long and bitter.It is vain to ask how long the wari will last, for such questioning temptsi us to guess, and when we go to guess-. ing our self-interest causes us toguess the best and so to take some.chance in effort or sacrifice. All that.we know is that we must win. Ifj this is even approximately true,then superhuman efforts must be putforth to produce more food for manand feed for livestock. Conservationis all right, but production mustprecede conservation. We can't saveuntil we first produce.1 m. California is a. large -producer ofoaney, more mau to,uuu,uuu uusutsisW the m7 in tte Sacra.meato Valley.THE BOURBQN NEWS, PAKIS,BED CROSS EWS GEHADESThe second war' f und'siibscriptionsin the country nowj amount to $Jl76,528,158. To keep the boys happy, the American Red Cross contributed ?250,000 to the Commission on TrainingCamp Activities.The Italian Cross of War was given'to twenty-one American Red CrossAmbulance drivers for high-gradeservice and bravery.Lyons, France, had to have a second dispensary! Two thousand con-sulfations have been held in the firstone since its establishment.Bowling greens have been established by the American Red Cross inthe tuberculosis baracks of Paris tohelp teach the patients the importance of fresh air and recreation.Most American prisoners of wardepend exclusively on the food furbished them by the War and NavyDepartments through the AmericanRed Cross at Berne, Switzerland.Six days and six nights of continuous bombardment and the womencanteen workers of the Red Crossstationed at Epernay, south ofRheims, stayed at their posts feedingand caring for the wounded soldiers.Loss of sleep, the result of airraids, is a serious hinderance to thenurses. So a chateau, six miles fromParis, far enough out to be fairlyimmune from bombing, has beenfound for them. Tired nurses, whenthey do get off duty, can rest fairlywell in this new refuge."The American Red Cross," writesone soldier, "everywhere we go ithas ministered to us, both as a medical and supply unit. I know onecase in particular where, a Red Crossman lost over twenty pounds inweight looking after us. Up all dayand up all night waiting for reliefsto come in from the trenches is notan easy job by any means!"It is the aim of all the ouvroirs,or sewing-rooms, of the AmericanRed Cross throughout Italy to cutthe patterns of the garments madewith as little waste as possible, butit is the boast of the ouvroir at Palermo, Italy, that after their expertcutter has finished with a bolt ofcloth, there is hardly a scrap aninch square left.Three or four girls, daughters ofsoldiers at the front, are employedat the ouvrior stuffing rag dolls withthe threads and edges carefully gathered in the cutting room.These little girls then make a dressfor each doll and when there is asufficient number they are given tothe babies at the creche, or nursery,and to the sick children at the pavilion who are receiving medical attention. PERSHING WANTS SOLDIERS TOBE "GOOD, CLEAN MEN."In a general order just issuedGeneral Pershing addresses the1 armyfrankly on the social evil and urgescontinence as "the plain duty ofevery member of the American Expeditionary Force, both for the vigorous conduct of the war and theclean health of the'Ameriban 'peopleafter the war."General Pershing directs the commanding officers to urge moral clanliness on the men as their duty assoldiers and the best training for enforced cleanliness of life at the front.The order prescribes more rigid control of leaves of absence and directscourt-martial to exercise severity indealing with infected men. It makesall immoral resorts "off limits" andin co-operating with the Frenchpolice, both military and civil, takessteps to repress clandestine evasionof the order.M1CK1E SAYSOOR MPOR.TER SfcNS.UV4H6M FOLKS f.MEu.DfcN -CRWN, COULD KEEP-T.fcCK OF 'EFA, BUT SINCEfVAESE DOD-G&STEO fMJfOSARE LEAN fOVlM ONl WH ROD CVU.N. woua,G-O-C-ffc FcrCHMsCENWEfci FOLKS SrO MXSvlW,EU UtM JlSTOR4,V46HT -CHEN'D TEL.LHS 'fcfcOOT IT."mi:1liR. 'F.jfdpypStr.ti..m ? tfo- Guide toThrough courtesy of the Bourbon county papers the Food Administration will each week-publish a price list of the most important andnecessary foodstuffs. These prices are absolutely fair, being based, onthe percentage recommended by the Government and any and all violations should be promptly reported to the County Food Administrator:r CONSUMER PAYSWheat Flour, retailer pays 75c per 12 lb sack. .80c to 83c per 12 lb. sackor 7c in bulkRye Flour, retailer pays 8 to 8 l-3c lb 9c to 9c lb.Corn Flour, retailer pays 6 to 6c lb r 7c to 8c lb.Corn Meal, retailer pays 5c to 5&c lb 7 to 7c lb.Barley Flour, retailer pays 6c to 7c lb 8 1-3 to 9c lb.Rice Flour, retailer pays 11 to 12o lb; .. 14 -to 15c lb.Oat Meal, dealer pays 16 273c per 2 lb. package 21c to 23c packageRolled Oats, dealer pays 10 per 20 oz package .13c to 14c packageRice (Fancy Head) retailer pays llc to 12c lb 15c to 16c lbRice (1 lb. package), retailer pays 12c per lb 15c to 16 2-3 lbGranulated Sugar, retailer pays, 8.13 f.o.b. Paris 9c to 9c lbLard (bulk), retailer pays 29c lb. . 32 to 35c lbEvapqrated Milk (small) retailer pays 5c to 5c 6c to 7c canEvaporated milk (large), retailer pays ,11c to llc can.. 14c to 15c canCanned Corn (standard), retailer pays 12 c to 13c can. .17 to 19c canCanned Tomatoes, retailer pays 19c to 20c can 27c to 29c canCanned Salmon (pink) retailer pays 19c to 20c an 27c to 29c canCanned Salmon (red), retailer pays 25c to 26c can.... 35c to 38c canCorn Syrup, retailer pays 70c to 71c gal 90c to 95c gal.Cheese, retailer pays 29c lb 40c per lb.Low prices refer to casji and carry system; high prices refer tocredit and delivery system. The greater cost of the credit and deliverysystem justifies the greater profit.Merchants are still governed by the fifty-fifty plan: No person isallowed to buy from the merchant more than six pounds of flour permonth per each member of the family and this amount must always besold with an equal amount of substitutes.Every one is urged to practice the greatest economy in the use ofsugar. No family is allowed over 2 pounds per month per each memberof the household. No family will be allowed in the aggregate more than25 pounds for home canning purposes.Please report all violations of the Food Administration rules.L. D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County Food Administrator.BOURBON COUNTY SUNDAYSCH000L CONVENTIONTUESDAY.All county roads led to RuddlesMills, Tuesday, when the annualconvention of the Christian ChurchBible School Convention of BourbonCounty was held in the church ofthat village.The weather was ideal and the attendance was large, more than fourhundred delegatesvand visitors beingpresent.f The commodious church buildingwhich had been newly papered andrenovated for the occasion, wasadorned with growing- plants, cutflowers and a large American flag.No detail was omitted which couldcontribute to the comfort of the visitors. The music was good, consisting ofinspiring hymns sung under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, ofParis, and Miss Fred Fillmore, ofCincinnati.The morning service was openedwith devotional exercises conductedby Rev. Claude Cummins', pastor ofthe Ruddles Mills church, who reada scripture lesson and made & shorttalk in which he welcomed the convention."' This was followed by a circle of prayers.Prof.- B. M. Roberts, of LittleRoclr, County President, presidedover the sessions, and after a fewIntroductory remarks, appointed thefollowing committees:Nomination J. W. Jones, EverettHopkins, -Mr. Padgett, W. O. Hintonand Richard Biddle.Time and Place Mrs. T. M. Funk,R. H. Ellett and Miss Florence Hopkins. Courtesies Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Miss M. S. Tipton and Mrs.Ward Russell."RiillHn T?ov PiiniTnitie TVItciRichard Biddle and Miss Martha Tinder. Teacher Training Rev. F. M.Tinder, A. L. Boatright and RevWard Russell.Three splendid addresses were thefeatures off the morning session.These were ' delivered by Rev, WardRusselL pastor of the ChristianChurch at Little Rock, on "TeacherTraining;" Rev. R. H. Ellett, pastorof thfe Clintonville church on "TheBulletin," the official State organ ofBible School work; and Rev. HoraceKingsbury, a State worker from Louisville,, whose subject was "The BibleSchoolTLnd-ChTistIan Citizenship."The addresses were all of specialinterest to Bible School workers,and contained much that was instructive and helpful to them.The roll-call of schools by Mr.Kingsbury showed the schools atCane Ridge, Clintonville, LittleRock, Millersburg, Mt Carmel, NorthMiddletown, Paris and Ruddles Millsto be represented, and two others,Burris school house and Escondida,sent their offerings.These ten schools have contributed$811.81 during the year towardforeign missions, and the amount willbe about $1,000 by Sept. 30, theclose of the convention year.One hundred and forty-six youngmen from these schools are in theservice of their country, and werevery tenderly remembered in aspecial service conducted by Mr. J.W. Jones, of North Middletown. Heread the4 103 Psalm and offeredprayer. At vthis time Mrs. Magnu3Rash and Mrs. J. W. Jones sang abeautiful duet.The convention then adjourned forJunch, which, was bountiful and delightful, Including many good thingsand nothing which was not in strictconfqrnmity with the rules of theFood' Administration.The afternoon session was openedwith "devotions conducted by Rev.Cummins, and this was followed bya business session.The reports of the Secretary andTreasurer, Miss Daisy Dettwiler,were read and accepted, and the reports of committees submitted andapproved;The officers recommended by theNominating-Committee were:President, Ward Russ'ell.Vice President, Claude Cummins.Secretary and Treasurer, MissDaisy Dettwller.Missionary Superintendent, B. M.Roberts.Adult Superintendent, R. H.Ellett.Secondary Superintendent, MissFlorence HopkinsyPufciJ4.i Pri Li.t A., , vCcmstimersElementary Superintendent, Mrs.E. P. Clarke.Teacher Training, A. L. Boatright.Assistant, R. H. Biddle.These officers were unanimouslyelected.The committee on Teacher Training submitted the following recommendations, which was adopted:"We recommend that inasmuchas Teacher Training is to be launchedin the autumn as a nation-wide movement, we consider it advisable thatBourbon County immediately takesteps to institute teacher training inevery Bible School. That if a Superintendent of this department beelected, he should endeavor to getin touch at once with every schoolin order that such organizationshould be reported at the State Convention." As at the morning session three addresses were delivered, the first byRev. Claude Darsie, of Mt. Sterling,on the subject, "The Service of theChurch to the Community;" Rev.Linville, of St. Louis, a former Ruddles Mills boy, on "The Services ofthe Church to the Nation," andRev. F. M. Tinder, of North Middletown, on "The Services of the Churchto the World."These speeches were inspirationaland patriotic, and the speakers thrilled the audience with their eloqunceand earnestness.1 The convention closed with a conference conducted by Rev. Kingsbury, the subject being, "What HasThis Convention Meant to Me, andWhat Will It Mean to My Churchand School?"Before closing Mr. Kingsbury tookoccasion to speak in the highest termsof the fidelity and service of Mr. N.L. Shropshire, the former presidentof the County Association, and alsoof Prof. Roberts, who assumed thepresidency during this year underunusual circumstances.A feature 'of the afternoon was a?i beautiful solo by Miss Fillmore.On motion, the Secretary was instructed to send a night letter toour U. S. S. Senator asking for hisvote and his 'influence on the question of -Nation-wide Prohibition forthe period of the war, which is to bevoted oh in the Senate, Aug. 26.The convention, which was" one ofthe very best in the history of theassociation and almost equal in interest and attendance to a StateConvention, was closed with the doxology, and the benediction by Rev.Cummins.m v m-CURE POR DYSENTERY."While I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William Whitelaw,of Des Moines, Iowa. "He told mein detail of what it had done for hisfamily, but more especially hisdaughter who was lying at the pointof death with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of hischild. He stated that he had alsoused this remedy himself with equally gratifying results."(adv-aug)Ts te feA Japanese is the inventor of astreet sprinkler that distributes water so as to form advertisements onsmooth pavements.Private School OpeningMrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwill open on Monday, September2nd. Number of pupils limited.(20-tf)Civil Service Examinations.Government Civil Service Examinations in Kentucky, August and September. Government Clerk, RailwayMail, Teacher, Immigrant Inspector,Typewriter, Research Clerk. Experience unnecessary. Men and womendesiring government positions writefor free particulars, J. C. Leonard(former 'Civil Service Examiner),460 Kenois Building, Washington.(lfi-4t)FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, UUMISS ELIZABETH B. GILTHEj.Piano and Violin,Studio 227 Serenth Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918PARIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)WANTED.Second hand furniture and stovgas or coal, cookers and heat0Home phone 360. ueater3(16-3t) J. M. ELVOYE.WANTEDRegistered drug clerk, with references. Address, cr"THE FAYETTE DRUG CO- w Lexington. KvLost or Stolen.Somewhere in Paris a 38-caliberColt's revolver. Will pay good re!ward for return to my place of hwiness. aJAMES J. CURTIS(20-tf) 141 Winchester St.For RentModern cottage of six roomsbath; gas; electric lights; garagenext to Twelfth and High streets 'DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, KyCumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboacounty. Privilege to seed this falTNone but perfectly reliable partiesneeu apply. Money rent.W. E. HIBLER,312 E. High Street, .((T-tf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice, Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,(2,-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe- jay highest prices for Ironjuzrir, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Protect YourEyesFrom Sun's GlareIf planning an outing at the seashore or on the water this summer,have- a care for voiir evss. for exposure? to excessively brilliant lightwm sometimes bring on inflammation or tne eyes. Amber and Creoles'glasses- will prevent this form of eyestrain and will add much, comfort to,the wearer. If you are an eye-glasswearer this can be ground in yourregular correction, also any othershades if desired.Give us a call at our new offlees,Suite 205-206 First National BantBuilding;Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.WantedJunk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere- inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredBones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides; 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All F. O. B. Lexington.We also purchase old and neWswlearners, ror wnlch we pay tne uib"est price Send ns smples., . . SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.', JFRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1918TBI BOURBON KEW& iAKK JEI,"VTinpsPt trTTCDC CDHM ttniTDDAlU rAITMTVNLriil i'iwi uuuiiDun WU1U1f SOLDIERS AND SAILORStiapaaPaiaTalBBmmmmmnimiHilliilHillftlftl!Scmewhere In France, July 24. j"Mr H-5;t?S?0Wi hone' ?hat von"Dear Mother. 1 nope tnat youand s-ister are both well and feeling-j.TIP 1 a-111 iiftmj -""b &wuu. Jrc rrrtrxrt noriirri a o ottotiin. Ionri H&VIUb &". uvuiwi .o j. ccv,d in my life. I have not been sick """ xewsuuy issuea strict reguiaf dn"le day since I have been in the tlons requiring the discontinuance offlrniv" Mother, I know that you will a11 free copies, including those toL surprised to hear that I am some- soldiers and sailors, sample copies,tvhere in France. I wrote and told etc., by "publishers of weeklyvou when we were in Camp Mills we papers.".ere jroing to move, and that you j It now appears that this rulinguould not receive any mail from me does not refer to publishers of weekfor a few days. lies or semi-weeklies. THE NEWS"We certainly had a fine trip over. recently wrote to the War IndustriesThe weather was fine, and there was Board explaining, that we werebut one little storm one mght that sending out a large number o freeX a nt V smi oSome of theasieuuu--" ,.;,Ms ";..!; aa f wi,.across uut" " "-. i xixlittle bit.l was certainly giaa tnat,:jt did not make me sick from thevav the others looked."Tell me where brother Harry isji jour next letter. I have not heardfrom him for some time. I do notinow whether he is stiil at WestPoint, cr if he has been sent over .Sere Tell uncle jonn tnat I amlooking for him to cross the ocean jpretty soon, mis is as pretty a country as anyone could wish for anywhere Well, I must close now, sogood bye for the time."Your loving son,"HERMAN BARLOW.'20U1691 First Pioneer Infantry,Amer. Expd. Force."Mrs. Nellie Highland received thefollowing letter from CharlesTftards, colored, iormeny oi x-ans,nov. in France, as a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Force:"France, July 22, 1918.MISS NELLIE This leaves meveil, trusting that these few lineswill find you the same. I have beenin the trenches several times andhave been under fire in four real hotiattles, and haven't even got a pinscratch. So I am very proud toImow that I am well trained enoughto know how to save my life andSelp save others, as well as the oldFlag."I woald like to know how oldKaiser Bill and old Von KindenburgJeel now, over so many Sammiesover in France, ready to meet anycause."Well, Miss Nellie, we have beenander four fires, as I told you before, in which we killed and wounded many Germans, and we haven'tlost one of our company boys yet.We had only two wounded, and theyare wrell now. We now are in aresting camp, about ten miles behind the front lines, and very soonire will go to the front again, aftera brief rest."I hope you will be prosperous infarming. Still I guess the farmingI willis over with now. isn't it?close, trustinto hear from you realtoon."From your obedient servant,"PKlVATIfl CJ1AS. UUWAKiJS."Co. H, 372 R. I. W. S., S. P. 179, Ir ranee, via new ui.From a French town, comes the?following letter to Mrs. Mary H.Williams, colored, from her son, Corporal George F. Williams, of Paris:"July 14, in France."Dear Mother: I am taking thegreatest pleasure in writing to youto inform you that I am in the bestfof health. I know you have beenworrying because you have not hada letter from me, but I have -not had .time since I wrote you a card...Well, mother, there is not very muchthat I can say just now. I hope youand all the rest are well. I hopethe Lord will spare me to. see youagain I have dreamed of homeand you many nights, and I havealso thought I heard you singing thatsong you used to sing, 'Where Is MyWandering Boy To-night?' Well,here comes the work call, so I willclose by asking God to bless you andall the others and keep you safe andreturn me safe to you again."CORP. GEO. WILLIAMS,"Co. L., 365th Infantry, Amer. Expd.Force."Henry Letton, colored, with Frank& Co., is in receipt of a letter fromDavid Johnson, formerly porter atthe Harry Simon stores in this city,ho is now in France with the American Expeditionary Forces. The letter, which is dated July 30, follows:"I have new been away from homethree weeks, and have only had timeto write a card announcing my safearrival in France. You must knowfrom this that a fellow doesn't havettueh time for writing when he issoldiering here I like this soldierife very much. So far we are certainly seeing the country at theGovernment's expense. I will havePlenty to tell you when I come back.I have been watching pvery organiv zation very closely in mopes that Itan run across Will or some of theother bovs that, left in the firstbunch, but so far I have not seen anyf them. When you write tell me"Much organization he is in.... I"wish you could have been on theboat with us. It was very amusingto see the fellows sret seasick. I stoodthe trip fine. We landed at one camp .nnA x . , i! et-"u spent several days resting aiuciour long sea journey. At the end ofa specified time we started on ourtrip into the interior of this country. It took us about three days toreach our destination, during whiclitime we passed over some very beautiful country and through a numberof towns that are almost indescribale, on account of their beauty andWaintness. . .1 wish I could send youjome souvenir postcards of the country, but it Is against the militaryrules to do so. When you answer--tell me all the news. I will writesgain when I am not so busy.'DAVID JOHNSON,"Headquarters Detachment, 317th Q.M. C. L. Bn., Amer. Expdy.-,WAR INDUSTRIES BOARD RULESmo--ct?t?t? -da-dtt-dcur J-K-i .rArdtb.The United States War Industries'copies of the paper to Bourbon.county soldiers whose relativeshadot subserihed for thpm nnd cTHtip-. .77 T.Liia.L we ue permittea to continuesending these papers to the soldiersand sailors.In reply we received a letter fromMr. T. E. Donnelley, Chief of thePulp and Paper Section of the WarIndustries Board, saying that for thepresent "you may continue sendingyour paper to the soldier boys." Itis tjviueni., nowever, inai trie ruieswill be extended soon to coverthe weeklies and semi-weeklies, asMr. Donnelley further stated: "Without doubt regulations will be issuedshortly covering weekly papers atwhich time a copy will be sent you."Until such time THE NEWS willcontinue to sro to the hovs in thecamps and on the ships who do notEd-jfeel that they are able to subscribefor jt from their Dav1ES 1 ISRED CROSS APPEALS FORTRENCH POOT SLIPPERSTo the Women of Bourboa Qounty;In our quota for September l,"lrtRed Cross work, is a request for 500trench foot slippers (250 pairs.)These slippers should be made ofvelvet, velveteene, corduroy or heavycloth. They are then lined with outihg fialuieT.It is impossible for us to buy thenecessary material and we are askingthe patriotic women of the countyto send us a-ny garments or piecesthey have no use for, to be used inthis way. An old pair of clothtrousers, or a coat, can be cut intoseveral parts, as the slippers can bepieced.We published an appeal some daysago, but the response was so smallwe have less than 50 slippers made.Are we to fail .in this, as we havedone in nothing else? We have beenproud of our record up to this time.May it always remain untarnished.If any friend desires to buy aremnant or piece of new material toIsend in, it requires two-thirds of ayard of 27 inch Sodsto mak onepair.Send all material to the Red Crossrooms, at the Court House, in Paris.If it is more convenient for ladies. . .. -M1Tlfw m,fflr,lc m hont tQ MfS Annabelle Wallace, orfMVo n tr1p at. TAshiirer: MissFlorence Hopkins, at Little Rock;""- -' " -.w, - 0Mrs. Letcher Weathers, at Clintonville, and Mrs. Jno. Collins, at NorthMiddletown.BOURBON RED CROSS CHAPTER,(tf) , . ...REAL ESTATE DEALS.Messrs. Plummer & McClure purchased this week of Mr. Lee Deavers, of Paris, the remaining tract ofthe old Deavers home place on theJackstown pike, near Paris, containing about fifty acres, for about $250per acre. They recently bought tenacres of the tract to straighten outa division line, a-nd their new purchase makes them possessors of theentire farm, comprising about 430acres in the one tract.Mr. B. L. Parrish, of Austerlitz,who recently purchased a Franklincounty farm for $220 an acre, resoldit this week to Mr. J. D. Campbell, ofHarrison county, at $240 an acre.The farm contains 105 acres.Harris & Speakes, of Paris, soldthis week to Mr. S. H. Cleft, of Paris,a 260-acre farm located near Crittenden, in Grant county, known as theE. N. Webster place, at a price notgiven out for publication. Mr. Cleftwill continue to reside in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Albert C. McDuffypurchased this week a frame cottageon. Lilleston avenue, belonging tothe estate of the late Rev. Geo. Varden, for $800. The purchasers willmove to the cottage.Mrs. N. H. McNees, of Harrisoncounty, sold this week to Mr. IraParks, proprietor of the Ford Garage, in this city, her 251-acre farm onthe Townsend and McNees pike, inthis-county, for ?200 per acre. Thefarm adjoins the lands of Wm. H.Whaley, Carey Ward and the Grifilthestate. It is now leased by Mr. Samuel Houston. Mr. Parks will begiven possession on March 1.ts 191 feSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Richard H. Wills, of thiscity purchased a pair of fine draftmules of Mr. James W. Myers, ofCarlisle, for which he paid $350.Mr. Reynolds Letton, of nearParis, sold to E. P. Wagoner, fiveyearling bucks and four yearlingbucks to Edsell Clark, for $35 perhead Mr. Letton also sold a Shorthorn heifer to G. Elmer Vice, of DryRidge, Grant county, for $110.Five thousand head of lambswere, shipped from Bourbon, Montgomery and UiarK counties icwuuj, j p mrnutitnpt.nf Paris.rr,ov from 15 cents to 16te Bound for thethem..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings ' of Our- People Here; There andElsewhere -Mrs. Harry Ogle and son, Raymond, visited Lexington relativesthis week.Miss Sallie Hall, of Frankfort,is a guest of Miss Myrtle Russell, onClifton avenue.Miss Nannette Wallingford hasreturned to Winchester, after a' visitto Paris relatives. "Mr. Ossian Edwards has returned to Cincinnati after a visit to hisfamily in this city.Miss Agnes Turner has returned from a visit to Miss Lena MayJones, in Winchester.Miss Mayme Wagoner has returned from a visit to Mrs. H. G.Woods, in Covington.Mrs. Hattie Thomas, of Midway,is the guest of Mrs. Margaret Burnett, on Tenth street.Mr. a-nd Mrs. M. C. Browninghave returned to Louisville, after avisit to Paris relatives.Miss Margaret Doyle, of SouthMain street, is hostess to Miss Kathryn Maloney, of Lexington.Miss Ruth Pinnell, guest ofMiss Elizabeth Tarr, has returnedto her home in Winchester.Mrs. L. M. Tribble left yesterdayfor a visit to Mr. and Mrs. WalterE. Glenn, Tiear Stephen, Mo.Rev. Julian A. McClintock is inFranklin, Ohio, where he is assistingin conducting a revival meeting.Miss Anna Louise Glass has returned to her home in Midway, aftera visit to Mrs. James S. Douglass.Miss Winnie Brophy, of Jackson, Ky., is a guest of her cousin,Miss Margaret Brophy, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Leach haveas guest at their home near Paris,Mrs. Leonard G. Warren, of Taylorsville. Mr. and Mrs. Leonard G.Shouse have returned to their homein Lexington, after a visit to friendsin this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. James haveas sruesjts at. their home on FourthbtreefTMlsseS Jessie and Lucy Kenley,of Georgetown.Misses Margaret Snodgrass andMarquis Gay Powell, of Winchester,were guests this week of Mr. andMrs. John Merringer.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Dennis, cGlobe, Arizona, who have been touring Kentucky, were guests this weekof Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Steenbergen.Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Davis havereturned to their home in Columbia,South Carolina, after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. John T. Hinton, on Highstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell havereturned from a motor trip to Louisville. While there they wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. MarshallGuerrant.Mrs. George Satterwhite, guestof Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell andfamily, on Vine street, returned toher home in Louisville, Tuesdaymorning.--Mr. James Dawson, of near Cynthiana, underwent a successful operation for appendicitis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,this week.Mr, Charles P. Mann, of theParis Realty Co., who has been under treatment by a Lexington specialist for some time, is improving andable to be at his office.Mrs. Ada Fishback's guests,Misses Mary Addie McAllister, ofLexington, and Elizabeth Cox, ofBowling Green, have returned totheir homes .after a pleasant visit&t the home of their hostess, on Fifteenth street.Miss Mary Kenney, daughter of,Mr. and Mrs. M. F. Kenney, of thiscity, who is a patient at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where she recently underwent aslight surgical opreation, is verymuch improved.Newton Taylor, Jr., and W. J.Kennedy are promotors of "CentralKentucky's Midsummer Dance,"which will be given at the MasonicTemple, in this city, this (Friday)evening, August 23. The hours willbe from 9:30 a. m. to 3:30 p. m.The music will be furnished by theBlue Grass Novelty Orchestra of fivepieces. Subscription $1.50.In honor of her guest, MissRuth Pinnell, of Winchester, MissElizabeth Tarr, of Paris, gave a"bathing party" at the Boonesborobathing beach. The following wereguests: Misses Ruth Pinnell, AgnesTurner, Lena May Jones, Anna EadsPeed, Charlina Ball, Amiens Adams,Elizabeth Tarr; Mrs. Bennett Tarr;Wjalter Kenney, Claiborne Caldwell,Dan Peed, Jr., Vimont Layson,. BenHouston, Dana Haigus and BennettTarr.(Other Personals on Page 5.)la fcs isaLYMAN HOWE'S PICTURES COMING ON SEPT. 9.One of the striking features ofLyman H. Howe's newest TravelFestival program, which comes toParis Grand on Monday, Sept. 9, isn. sensational wild animal hunt inthe Rockies, in which a famous Montana cowboy demonstrated how hecaptures ferocious wild animals alivewith a lasso."Capturing Wild Animals Alive inthe Rockies" is but one featureamong -many of Mr. Howe's latestTravel Festival program. This yearMr. Howe takes audiences "up inthe air with the Marines," presenting fhe most startling series of aviation 'pictures ever filmed; throughquaint old Mexico; into the 'SouthAmerican jungles by canoe to Kai-etelir Falls, five times as high as Niagara; and a ramble through Southern France. There will also he areproduction, expertly animated inclay, of the famous Red Cross poster,"Greatest Mother in the World," aswell as a marvelous "freak" filmwhich reveals grotesque and puzzlingscenic distortions. This is said to besomething entirely -new. x..The usual amusing Howe animated cartoons are again a distinctivepart of the Travel Festival.OTAUS INWftffiCXEi.ASJOLJaU.TAIL DELIVERY CURTAlEMElttrMr. Eugene J. Straus, of Louisville, Ky., state Representative ofthe Conservation Division of the WarIndustries Board, and State Chairman of the Commercial EconomyCommittee of the Kentucky Councilof Defense, has just received instructions from the Conservation 'Division of the War Industries Board,part of which reads as follows:"Every retail store is now beingrequested to adopt the plans alreadyoutlined without qualification. Noexceptions are being made for anycommunity or for the handling ofany commodities. A number ofplaces, both large and small, havebeen operating an the plan of one delivery a day over each route. Theyfind it satisfactory and it will, therefore, be necessary for those who havenot already made the adjustment torearrange their service to help meetwar conditions."The retail delivery service restrictions have been adopted by themerchants in the cities of Boston,Providence, New York, Philadelphia,Pittsburg, Baltimore, Washington,New Orleans, Cleveland, Cincinnati,Louisville, Indianapolis, Denver,Portland, Seattle, Los Angeles, St.Louis, Des Moines, Detroit, Milwaukee, St. Paul, Minneapolis and manyother large cities. In all of thesethe dry goods, department and clothing interests are co-operating andin several of them the grocery andfood dealers are also making one delivery a day."Mr. Straus is making a Statewide tour of the State of Kentuckyin behalf of this campaign, and requests all merchants to adopt therecommendations of the Board, andwill be in Paris, Ky., on Friday, Aug.23, 1918, and will hold a meetingof the business men of the city at 8o'clock at the Court House.Mr. Straus is one of the manypatriotic persons who is giving upJiis time without compensation as ameans of doing his bit to help winthe war. He is especially qualifiedfor this work, having been raised inthe department store work, beingSecretary and Superintendent ofHerman Straus & Sons Co., one ofLouisville's largest department storesand having made a study of deliveryand other economic services.Each and every merchant, handlingany line of goods is requested to attend this meeting, and adopt hisbusiness to the recommendations ofthe Wur Industrial Board.sa let J&-ODD FELLOWS ASKED TO RAISE$50,000 EUND.Grand Master Beckham Overstreet, of Kentucky, has set asideSept. 1 to 15 for the purpose of raising among the Odd Fellows of theState $50,000 for the endowment ofthe Widows and Orphans Home.Do these four things and then youwill fulfill your mission.First Help Uncle Sam win thiswar for freedom and the protectionof women and children.Second Buy Liberty Bonds andThrift Stamps, so that our countrycan have funds to fight and help ourallies.Third Give until you feel it, tothe Y. M. C. A. and Red Cross and therelief of starving women and children made so by this cruel war.Fourth Endow the Orphans andWidows Home at once, so that yourown orphan boys and girls may befitted to be better citizens and yourwidow and self may have a home toshelter you in your declining years,in this, thes greatest country onearth.Odd Fellows, do your part.KiAIT'S A MISTAKE MADE BY MANYPARIS RESIDENTSMany people in a mistaken effortto get rid of kidney backache, rely onDlasters. liniments and other makeshifts. The right treatment is kid-iney treatment and a remarkably recommended kidney medicine is Doa-n'sKidney Pills. Paris is no exception.The proof is at your very door.The following is an experience typical of the work of Doan's KidneyPills in Paris.Charles Stewart, tinsmith, Lilleston avenue, Paris, says: "I have hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. There was a constant,dull ache in my back and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. It sometimes seemed as though Icould hardly endure the misery. Itried different remedies to no availuntil I got hold of Doan's KidneyPills, procuring them from the Ardery Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them until cured. Attacks since then havealways been slight, and Doan's Kidney Pills have never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers, uon isimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)s paCIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.Examination of applicants for theposition of clerk with knowledge ofstenography or typewriting underthe auspices of the United StatesCivil Service Commission, will beheld at the Federal Building in thiscity on September 27, October 25and. November 15.The examinations will be conducted by Mr. Wm. E. Clarke, localSecretary, at the Federal Building.The Government's need of stenographers and typewriters grows moreacute daily. Literally thousands ofthis class of workers will be neededin the Government offices at Washington during the next few months.The Herts (England) War Agriculture Committee has started.'a -libraryof fiction for girls worlcing-6fithe farms.TheLexington College of MusicAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio will be announced later. For mformation addressMISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Director,(aug 2-7t-F) Lexington, KtntuckjrSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECTSugar CreekLEXINGTONMinimum Shipping RateQuick ReturnsTop Market PricesAug 20-81mKentucky State FairLouisville - September 9-14SEPTEMBER SGRAND SUNDAY PRELIMINARY PROGRAMThavla's Band of 40 World Frniftd.SoloJotoChorus of 300 Vole.Two Flights by Ruth LawfTSyOOOOO Total Prm?um f71,0O&Jt115,000.00 Bf Cttle 8 how Sddt Hon Stake -fKVPOMO -910,00000Patted and Feeding Cattle fthow HoBOto.RUTH LAW AUTO POLO AUTOMOBILE RACCrAerial Queen Sport Thriller World Crack DrtvtftDa Luxe Hippodrome 8how Magnificent Miday Special R. R. RatesSend for Catalogue Foant -T. 'Kremer, Seo'y604 Republic Building, Louisville, Ky.L. and N. Time-Tablo,..' ' (Effective July 12, 1918, at 12:01 a. m.) , -Trains Arrive. rNo. From " ArriVer"34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily - 5:33 amki10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30 aim.151 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :650 anb.17 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35 am..40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 ama a37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:05 anbr12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:10 iuss i33 Chicago, 111., Daily 10:20 3ffir r9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pnx138 Lexington, Ky., Daily - 'v 3:10 pmw38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily : 3:15 pnu39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pnar16 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30 pro156 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:55 pra32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 8:32 pm.130 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:20 pm.-31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:28 pro210 Lexington, Ky., Sunday only -. . . 12:50 pmrv209 Maysville, Ky., Sunday only 5:40 pro.Trains DepartNo. For " Leave-34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:41 amr151 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 6:55 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 aim17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 10:13 amx13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:28 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:27 ant129 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily ' 3:25 pro39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:57 prov9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. v 6:00 pnv16 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pnv-a32 Cincinnati, Ov and Chicago, 111., Daily 8:20 pro.'- -131 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:35 pro,31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:36 pni1 v210 Maysville, Ky., Sunday only 12:55 pm,209 Lexington, Ky., Sunday only 5:43 pm156 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:39 prou -P. and C. Time-TableJ -TRAINS ARRIVE '"'';No. From . Arri2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 38 -am,.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily-Except Sunday 5:50 pm' ' TRAINS DEPART- -'' , -No. w; For . j? . . .ea'1 Frankfort', Ky., Daily Except Sunday .... .- . .S:25am;s3 Frankfort.Ky., Daily Except -Sunday,'. K . v ? 25J-iK J.TO THECreamery1' iat,-siborce. ' . lWC?"fininiiimiammiiriiTinmmK;.a ragr,rifiitiiriX-AitttTHE BOtJftftbK NfcWS, EAS EX,YKIDAY, AUGUST 23, 191WJMir.SACKS P0 SENT OK SALEy- - ' vWheat sacks for rent or sale.Wanted Barn cured clover hay,rye or oaf ley.B..HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(13-4tVSPBMES PABISIAN OUS OFCTELIMOEGSKEH- f OlffiETMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTMARY. FRANCES LAUGHLIN, ETC.,ViVON PETITION.NOTICE OF SALErThe hihderfeigned Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Courtwill, at ,the Court House door inParis, Kentucky, onSiturday,Sept.l4,1918about the hour of 11 a. m., expose topublic sale- the following tract ofland as whole with the improvements -thereon, to-wit:A tract of land situated inBourbon- County, Ky., containing23.06 acres and known as tractNo. 1 in the division of the landsof Anna E. Smith, bounded as follows: ' Beginning at a stone inMargaret Coulthard's line at P, acorner to No. 2; thence N 1 E7.77 chains to B, an iron pin, acorner to said Coulthard; thence. 13 E 11.04 chains to C, an iron. pin, a corner to said Coulthard;thence, N 67 7-8 E 13.03 chainsto D, a post corner to LawrenceVanHook; then S 3 W 22.68chains to a stone corner to No. 2in .a line of Wm. Isgrig's heirs;thence with a line ofjo. 2 S 85E. 10.42 chains to the beginning,and there is also conveyed hereina right of passage over tract No.2, leading from the property herein conveyed, to the dirt road nearthe Eastern side of No. 2, togetherwith the passway therein de- scribed.CO. fifCOEPOBATOBS.The Kentucky Fuel Company, capitalized at $99,0000, has been organized at Jackson, Ky., for the purposeof developing oil, mineral, and coallands in the mountain section of theState. One of the incorporators isMr. James Brophy; formerly of Paris,a brother of Mr:' John Brophy, of nearParis. - - - 'This company is taking over someof 'the most valuable oil propertiesin Breathitt county, along the LowerTwin; War Creek and Frozen Creekstructure that has recently tested outas big producing territory. They alsohave some valuable territory in Lee,Estill and Wcftfe counties.fe fe 1PAIGE .AND.BRISCOEBILES.ATJTOMO-Special features of the Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are thesmall upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstrations,(tf). F. P. WHITE, Agent.S PSTHE WEATHER.The weather Is always a matter forserious consideration, and is alwaysa topic in all circles, high or low.For the benefit of subscribers at adistance who may wonder what isgoing on in "the old home town,"we wish to. state that the hot, hotterbrand is still obtaining in this section, with no immediate prospect ofa let-up. Occasional light rains havenot mitigated the heat situation, andit has just been one Peter Vinegarday after another. Crops are needingrain. It's hot but winter is on theway!fe ta feCOLORED TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.The Morgan's Men Association- willhold their annual meeting August27-29 at Olympian Springs. This organization was formed twenty yearsago with Gen. Basil Duke as thehead. This place he, held until hisdeath, when he was succeeded by DiJohn N. Lewis, of Georgetown. Dr.Lewis died recently.It is said to be doubtful if morethan fifty men will be present thisyear. The election of a new president will be the main feature of themeeting. Stephen P. Sharp, of Covington, will be the next president.Paris and Bourbon county veterans will attend the meeting. Theirnumbers are becoming fewer eachyear through deaths, and soon theroll-call will be completed for them,and they will have been "musteredout."MULES PURCHASED IN BOURBONFOR OIL CO.TERMS Said land will be sold jupon credits of six and twelvemonths for equal parts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bonds bearing interest fromdate of sale at the rate of 6 perannum; two bonds for equal amountsdue in six and twelve months to bemade payable - to Martha Laughlinfor her portion of the purchasemoney, two to Leonard B. Laughlinfor his portion, and two to MarthaThe Bourbon County ColoredTeachers Institute, which conveneda the Court House last Monday, willclose to-day. The session has beena very profitable and instructive one.The Institute was organized and conducted by Prof. H. C. Russell, ofLouisville, a noted colored educator.The attendance has been goodthroughout the sessions.The Quaker Oil Company, withheadquarters at Torrent, Ky., purchased his week of Jos. B. Smithand Elmer Myers, of Paris, four finemules. The purchase was madethrough Mr. Wyatt Thompson, ofParis. The animals were shippedto the Company's representatives atTorrent, where they will be used intransfer and hauling between different points on the company's properties. The mules were exceptionallygood ones and were bought at agood price.CHILD; MATCH; BLAZE!A lighted match, carelessly tossedby a child into a pile of waste onthe floor of John Fudold's grocery,'at 145 West Eighth street, yesterday morning, caused a blaze whichfor a time threatened to assume serious proportions. An alarm from Box24 called the department to thescene. The blaze was extinguished bythe chemical with no property loss.PALM BEACHES REDUCEDBOUNTY JAIL AT MIDWAY :DE-" " STROYEDBYTIRE..Fiye discovered at 9:30 o'clockSunday night destroyed the countyjail building at Midway, and for atime-threatened a large warehouseownedx by Cogar, Rumley & . Company. " The loss is estimated at $2,-'000, with $700 insurance.Two negro-tramps who were locked up' in the jail at the time, wereattempting to make their escape byburning a hole through the woodendoor "of the structure. The blaze gotbeyond, their control and their criesfor help brought the fire department,which" extinguished the blaze withchemicals. The tramps escaped andhave not yet been caught. . ,B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm m mEARLY MORNING FIRE DESTROYS, SEVENTH STREET HOUSEJAn alarm from Box 21 about sixo'clock Wednesday morning calledthe fire department to Seventh street.A cottage occupied by colored people caught fire from a defective flue.The home was almost entirelydestroyed, together with most of thehousehold goods.la la laFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan."SB pa sBATHING SUITSBathing Suits from 75c up.TWIN BROTHERS'(6-tf) Clothing Store.Many ArticlesAtA ResolutionCity Hall, Paris, Ky., Aug. 22, 1918.RESOLVED, That the City Attorney, be, and is hereby authorized, instructed and directed to file suitagainst the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,Inc., to recover from said companynnv OTif all ciimc liovotifirro Toirl rLaughlin,, as guardian of Mary said compariy in" excess of the reaFrances Laughlin, for her portion, sonable value of the street lightingand as per terms and provisions ofthe Order of Sale herein.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit April 14, 1915.I E. B. JAJNUAKY, Mayor.Attest:service furnished the city under thecontracts attempted to be made bythe city with said company, on orabout December 12, 1912, and onCourt.(aug23-30-sept6)J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.Genuine Palm Beach Suits reducedto $5.95.TWIN BROTHERS'(6-tf) Department Store.JS la 15iANNUAL CONFERENCE METHODIST CHURCH AT CYNTHIANAThe Kentucky Annual Conferenceof the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, will convene in Cynthiana,Wednesday, September 4, and remain in session ovpr the followingMonday. The various committeesin charge of arrangements are actively at work, and the stay- of thedistinguished body in that city willbe made as pleasant as it is profitable. To entertain the Conference isan honor that the city appreciates.Many of the homes of citizens of alldenominations will be thrown open,and every courtesy and attentionthat hospitality suggests will beshown the delegates.Bishop Collins Denny, of Richmond, Va., will preside over the sessions of the Conference and preachon Sunday morning.Old Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap 5cGoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap. . 5cBest Matches, per box 6cGas Globes, still 1 OcShinola Shoe Polish 1 0cDried Beans, pound.. 121 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50oPost Cards, comics, 8 for 5cYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy Bee Cash StoreFRANK&CO.LADIES OUTFITTERSJ,i ".. u- tJkIV 'US ift'jfdSavanceowmrof,tJtail uaistsandDresses-H -FRANK & CO.The News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!the alamotueSDAY, AUGUST 27PARIS GRAND'The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin"Murderer of Womanhood, Humanity, Youth, Civilization, FreedomAll choked by the throttling clutches ofof this mad demon this world-renownedmurderer this lust-maddenedwolf-hound of Potsdam this arch-fiendof humanity this cruel beast whosneers at life who despises everythingand everyone that is not German. Seewhat this vile fiend does in that indescribable photo dramatic master-play"THE KAISERThe Beast of Berlin"and you'll learn what America and theworld are fighting for. You will learnwhy YOU should keep watch for enemyaliens within our gates. it's the mostamazing expose of the world's history.A RIOT IN NEW YORKfiflf "" fcjyV i fli iMr?n YM'S.iJ3?itt Sjft&'j3jCfifl?ttjMtf' BraiBilFifc?TwS'iBEl7j5M "- "MM75 CAME THE KAISERS HORDES OF BABV KILLERStSCeNEt FRQM .THE KAiSE-R TXtEeAiT OP BELn4)To the Public:While you are watching theamazing scenes that pass before yourastonished eyes ii the great photodrama "The Kaiser". The Beast of Berlinkeep your eye on the people aroundyou. Should anyone make any remarksthat you can construe as seditious orunfriendly to the United StatesCALL THE POLICEand have him arrested. Serve yourcountry. Watch the enemy aliens.Help crush' traitors and spies. Thisamazing drama will show you clearlywhat "kultur' is doing. Don't miss it.1 Prices for "The Kaiser, the Beast of BerlinCHILDREN 25c ADULTS 35c GALLERY 25cj A Sensation in BostonSpecial Morning Show at The AlamoVII -Vi, nj UXLULK Km M.s - -- - - . .,:a-yti xv .- ,s,-Vi. .'Ji?RIPAY,-ATOUSTM. 1918v fuffiiVjBESTNOTHING ELSESEED WHEAT CLEANED.We are prepared to cleanwheat for seed. If an engagement is made, the teamthat brings in the wheat canfake it back redeaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO!(till-seflt-l) .rfflSmFlonsraEE SUNDAY ATCHX0 TJffi CROSDALE HOTEL,rrosdale Hotel will serve chickencinner Sunday, Aug. 25, from 5:30o 7.30 p. m.f at 50c.HliMGAIXEY SEVENTEEN AUG. 23SOMETHING YOU WANTpure sugar preserves, while they-jt, at good figure.tn) C. P. COOK & CO.BTO ELECT DELEGATES TO I. 0.0. F. GSAND LODGE,The regular election for delegateso the State Grand Lodge of OddFellows will be held by BourbonLodge next Monday night. BourbonLodge is entitled to ten delegates. A'ell attendance of the membership isequested for Monday night.m ?a 3TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.In the County Court Judge Geo.Batterton appointed Jos. Walden, ofCarlisle, as administrator of the estate of Mrs. Nancy J. Walden, whodied recently at her home near Jackstown, in this county. Mr. Waldenaccepted the trust and qualified byfurnishing bond in the sum of $500.The appraisers of the estate are J.A McConnaughay, Thos. Hamiltonaid W. B. Smith.TTATT, HURTING TOBACCO.Those Bourbon county growersho have hail insurance on theirtobacco are proving more fortunatethan those in many other sections ofthe State. In Henderson county haildestroyed over five hundred acres oftobacco. For thirty minutes hail aslarge as partridge eggs fell, strippingmany fields of tobacco from the stalksend damaging corn and peas.HAIL INSURANCE.Ensure your tobacco againsthail with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)PARKS SELLS GARAGEThe business of the Ford Garagein this .city will, in the future, beconducted by Mr. R. C. Ruggles.Messrs. Ira Parks & Son, former owners, disposed of the business thisReek to Mr. Buggies, at a price notmade public. Possession will begiven the new owner on Sept. 1.Mr. Ruggles has been in the autoepair business several years. He will"be assisted by a competent corps ofmechanics, and will conduct the bus-ness at the same old stand on Banklow.E3 E3 E3FARM FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near Ewalt'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Jvy. (6-tf)A SOLEMN WARNING:The number of unskilled automobile drivers who have come to griefof late should be a token and a signo all others who know little or noth-ng about their cars. They shouldJl learn to drive, and especiallyshould they learn how to handle theirmachines in the proximity of railroad(nosings. The toll taken of ignonce of late has been terrible. This.arning should be heeded by many?ans automobilists THE NEWS could" eis ?a PaCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEiGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, August 23.fadies' and Government Day. Two'-dies admitted for one admissionie. plus war tax; Dorothy Dalton,i "The Kaiser's Shadow;" RuthPoland, in a new serial picture,"Hands Up."To-morrow, Saturday, Aug. 24.Pessy Hyland in "A Debt of Honor;""10 a Toxfilm Comedy, "A MerryMlupMonday, Aug. 26. William S.Hart, in "Shaik Monroe;" also a Foxf 'jpshine Comedy, "A neighbor's Key- ole "KiMMREGISTRATION OF YOUNG MENTO BEGIN TO-MORROWThe Bourbon County Draft BoardJll be in session at their- office inthe court house, in, this city, from:00 a, m to 9:00 p. m. to-morrowfr the purpose of registering youngjnen of this city and county whol.ave attained their legal age sinceJune 5 last. It is understood that"lis law includes all who will hetome twenty-one years of age tomorrow, also. It must not be confused with the larger registrationfOR THE-jf l lun oetween the ages or engmeenand forty-five, which will be held onSeptember 5. 'tember 5.It is a very important matter for,fle young men of the county to remember this registration, as no excuse except illness will be taken forfailure to do so. -)J -i4SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comimgs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andi -, Elsewhere.Mrs. A. B. Davis, of Covington,formerly Miss Iva Perry, of Paris,was a guest of Paris friends thisweek.Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Determan,of Cincinnati, are guests of Mr. andAirs, ueorge determan, on Cypressstreet. !- , , jj:- . . ;, , ;Mrs. Lettoh Vimont, accompanied by Miss Martha Dudley, ofCarlisle, left yesterday for an extended stay in Michigan.Richmond Daily Register: "MrHarvey Smith has returned to Parisafter spending several days with hismother on High street."Mrs. Sam Neejy and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Neely, of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, are here for a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr.Mrs. Blanche Bramblette andson, James Bramblette, of Georgetown, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Sauer, on West Seventh street.7 Miss Marjorie Trisler, daughter of .Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler, ofEighth street, left yesterday for avisit to relatives in Hanley, W. Va.Mrs. Henry Preston, Miss AnnieMiller and Master Bruce Hatcher, ofAshland, ,Ky., are guests of MissNannie Miller and Mr. Bruce Miller.Wm. Preston White, son of Mr.and Mrs. Frank White will returnFriday from Cleveland, O., where hehas been working as Government Inspector in a munition factory.Misses Rebecca Purnell and Margaret Hill will leave to-morrow fora visit to Mr. and Mrs. John K.Smith and family and Mr. and Mrs.Malcolm McGlasson and "Jack," inDayton, Ky.Miss Anna Louise White willhave as her guests for the dance Friday, Misses Annabelle Hall, of Louisville, Mildred Wood, of Shelbyville,and Louise Krell, of Richmond, Martha Coleman, of Mt. Sterling.Mr. Perry J. McCord, of Paris,Grand Patriarch of the PatriarchsMilitant auxiliary nf Odd Fellows ofKentucky, will go to Hazard, Ky.,to-morrow, where he will institutean Encampment.Indications point to a large attendance at the "Midsummer Dance"at the Masonic Temple to-night.The social season has been a ratherdull one this year, and society willeagerly grab every opportunity forenjoyment in the dance.Mrs. Laura Beatty and twodaughters, Mrs. Ben Scanlon andMiss Chornie Beatty, of Dayton, O.,who have been recent guests ofParis relatives, have gone to Lexington to spend the week-end withthe former's brother, Mr. "W. B. Linville. Flemingsburg Times-Democrat:"William Carpenter has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in "Paris .-. . .Mrs. C. B. Summers has returnedfrom Paris, where she Tias been tovisit Mr. Samuel Summers, who isquite ill ... . Mrs. Obed Collins hasreturned from a visit to relatives inParis .... Mrs. S. E. McClanahan hasleturned to her home in Paris aftera visit to her parents in this city."Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Birdie Clay Webb has returned to herhome near Paris after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Dan Kimbrough .... MissElizabeth Curje joined a party offriends at Paris for a trap to CrabOrchard Spring. . . .Mrs. George Cobbhas returned from a visit to Mrs.John Mattox, in Paris."A jolly party of Paris peopleenjoying themselves m camp atBoonesboro this week is composed ofMr. and Mrs. W. H. Whitley, Mr,and Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. Jno.Yerkes, Mr. and Mrs. James H.Thompson, Jr., Misses Rachel Wiggins, Nancy Griffith, Carolyn Roseberry, Martha Ferguson, ElizabethSteele, and Mr. Withers Davis.They will be joined by others fromParis to-day.Carlisle Mercury: "Miss Margaret McCormick has returned froma visit to friends in Paris. .. .MissBettie Shaw is visiting her sister,Mrs. A. B. Martin, in Paris .... Mr.Curtis Henry has returned to Parisafter a visit to the family of Mr.Harry Burnaw. Mrs. Henry will remain for a few days' visit with herparents. . ...Moses Effron and sister,Miss Ida Effron, were guests offriends in Paris recently .... MissAnna Louise Burris has returned toher home in Bourbon county aftera visit to her grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Sampel Hopkins." (The Lexington Leader says ofMiss Caroline Berry, formerly ofParis, a sister of Mrs. Frank P.Lowry, of this city: "Miss CaiolineBerry, one of the most capable andexperienced of the Kentucky teachers who was assistant principal for anumber of years at Hamilton Collegeand Dean of Women at Sayre College, has accepted a position at TheCastle, Tarrytown, on the Hudson,New York. It is a wonderfully beautiful place and near her mother andsister, Mrs. Berry and Mrs. LouiseBull, who now live in New YorkCity. Miss Berry has been takingspecial work at Columbia Universitythis summer and enjoying .the courseas well as a visit to her mother andsister."(Other Personals on Page 3.)REGISTRATION WORK FOR W0MEN. A called meeting of the women ofBourbon county, who are interestedin the registration work for womenpresided over by Mrs. E. F.Clay, as chairmen, was held .atthe court house, in this city, Tuesday, when plans were presented forconducting the registration of women in this city and county duringthe week of September 3-10.Ronnrts will he madethis weenhv thp n0tmtv registrars, to themr rn-triei (City Division Chairmen, who arenamed as follows: Mrs. James McClure' Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, Mrs. M.HTDailey, Mrs. R. B. Hutchraft, Mrs.Duncan Bell and Mrs. J. T. Van-J sant. -THE BOURBONSAW THE ' -KAISER' IlLM, CHANGED MBIT NAME.Instances of the unconscious influence of the wonderful seven-reelpatriotic photoplay, "The Kaiser, theBeast of Berlin," which comes to theAlamo and the. Paris Grand on Tuesday afternoon and evening, Aug. 27,are constantly growing. Here" is aninstance where a manufacturer wasso impressed with the picture that hestuck the knife deep "into the Germansounding name of his Arm,M. Wicker, senior member of thefirm ol Wicker & Company, proprietors (Jftne Serlin Chemical Cleaningand Dyeing Company of Kansas City,was present in Convention Hall during the remarkable showing o "TheKaiserj the Beast of Berlin,' in connection with the tremendously successful Liberty Loan drive. The nextmorning he went down to court andpetitioned to have the name of nisibusiness changed to Mid-west"Clean-ersand. Dyers."I had beeh- thinking of changing the name for a long time," hesaid. "I came from Russia, as didmy partner, and we thoroughly dislike the Germans. We don't wantto have anything to remind us ofthe Beast of Berlin, and for thatreason we are changing the nameof our establishment at East Tenthstreet."Every American should see thispicture .which I saw last night. Itwould make every one more determined to crush the Hun."T"3 TfSPARIS HIGH SCHOOL TO ORGANIZE SATURDAY.The organization of the Paris HighSchool will begin Saturday morning,August 24th.All Junior and Senior studentsare requested to call at theCity School at nine o'clock Saturdaymorning for registration. At thattime course cards will be made outand we can arrange class schedulefor the season.It is the purpose ofthe oiganization of the High School to make theschedule so Junior and Senior students need be at the school only forrecitation. In order to do this it isimportant to register Saturday,Aug. 24th.If convenient, please reportpromptly Saturday morning.LEE KIRKPATRICK,(It) "Superintendent.is fca ISPROFITEERING. EH?Home grown watermelons and canteloupes are making their appearance on the local (market. Pricesfrom the retailer to the consumer range all the way from thirtycents to $1.25 for the melons, andalmost as high for the canteloupes.The retailers say the first cost tothem is ample justification for theprices they ask, so there you are.If "you like the luscious fruit, youcjn empty your pocket "book in "thedealer's cash register and walk awaywith one, otherwise you can justpass on!is Ts lHOT WEATHER BARGAINS.Men's ?14.00 Palm Beach Suits reduced to $8.75.TWIN BROTHERS(6-tf) Department Store.FOR SALENice pony and cart for sale. Alsoa pony colt. Call at the Alamo boxoffice. (23-3t)BEFORE HEGOESWhen we have won the warwhen our boys sail home acrossseas forever freed from piratesubmarines, vyhen our boys,bronzed and sinewy, hardenedveterans, go back to the bravehomes so bravely defended.Happily .they take up pursuits ofpeace but never will they forget that they have been soldiersof democracy. And they willalways be grateful for thatwhich will keep fresh in theirmemories the story of this greatwar. This thing the picturescan do. Kodak pictures suchas you can take will help to"turn the dark cloud inside outtill the boys come home.,,Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main-.... J& --rNEWS, f.,; , Vt'Jj vawftr -, .' - -tM WU" " t.-. W "Ml J J"ClosingOuti. - OF WkENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, Underwear:Hosiery, Corsets:Everything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONmjmMfflMiwmvmitiJust Think of This!9x12 FEETMatting RugsSee Them in OurTHEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEttEITHERPHONE"I 1 . -.! i ii -1- mm hi 1 i " " "ZjMfcMJWLJWLJMLBBLBJLJiyjw -"f i-"" wJ- - - ..MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.We are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods and All Refrigerators.MOTOR INVALID, COACH3a--. jl . - " li&& iiWMW? H 38-rjEigyiggEl-Window-)UNDERTAKINGMPWmySIXTH AND MAIN STS..ft;wft-m15;IpiiIsViMMiVHHmaHHMvepRDwrpipmaiviKBraisvBffiE SMJSfiON MfcWS, PABIS, KY. 3JFEIDAY, AUGUST 23, ISISmm sixVTTBEDCGDIG-..UP SOLDIERS BYt -- x t SAHDin ' Jv "" !- ' ... .... - - "--1vIiss IsRs 1r Tii i i a imrnStm i rr 3 mMs& Ktt-Cay " ""'"''r r3 ?ssigBSSIttZ-aaWF M1W11M . S3S&SfZG?inraBgMMOphvtiie . .mmhi p -1 Pt -r m a - . mSF islfikP Srritch imOfllafKj1 HlfHHiflEKJQr' '''Lb&s&tiF ' .'B - mlSP- "Wesr52 1 1 p i1 ilP ii aMT ii "U T7?HE?MiB2Kfet rTffrr""fT"""""" "mM" mmtruraiurui. hum. V7iTJ -7" Vrfw-5Cvf7ou cnh" flR-K-73. a:lM$SIfSrWf.StQr5-4sK3jjyt.-'t"?jji " i im im iiwimiinnMrirnmrriiiuRl nnnnnipu:7 tor saic MWRIiu-J at Every KTWHRUj Goodrich Mr6lKV-l8IRJtjfl Branch MHrtf' Tlenot i&A XAI"mBHh!waa4:5$.SL . J17 1 HJI -I K. 1.ere You See 71m SYnHHpT-I MaK( C37 f roa Cooorkli Dctlm Kff JKKE0 ILot.3 EroywtKK gtl VYjH' X"&&&l MfimmM0ip fa Cincinnati Branch: 1110 Race St., Cincinnati, Ohio ft A V"CHtfi-xJlLs. -.1 i iVn. iMHimriiirmProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402EERST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose andThroatROOMS 403-404-RST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSSummerClearanceSale!Silk BlousesValues up to $5.00Special$3.49PARASOLS, valuesup to $2.00 98cHATS.50cPUMPS ANDOXFORDS... $1.99Silk SkirtsvValues up to $10.00Special$4.95Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.3-3522&s3e77' :BECAUSE the Highland Scot, wading through thewet weather of the mountains, found-7s kept drier.Before the Roman soldier, himself a Kiltie, came,Lowland and Highland folk wore Kilts.When modern life turned the Lowlands to trousers,the wet mountain heather held the Highlands to Kilts.But his wet weather, had GOODRICH been founded,wouldn't have worried th6 Highlander.Mtmm--t,twrm""''"'-tae"r''mMnmffn"mfnn ' ' '' "'"SSSSKfiiEMNCSSMrfffiaKSSBv'-. - -'hwuuuum..Goodrich would have met his needs with Hipressboots and waterproof garments, just as Goodrich metthe need of the automobile for the right rubber tire.Twenty-two years Goodrich has shaped the destinyof automobile tires, bringing them from crude, clumsyaffairs, to the graceful GOODRICH SERVICE VALUE TIRES.And all Goodrich inventions were directed towardo;;? end, SERVICE VALUE to the user.For Goodrich recognizes but one tire value; whata tire is worth to the motorist on his car and en theroad, in comfort, economy, and long mileage.Goodrich manufacture puts SERVICE VALUE inGoodrich Tires, both SILVERTOWN CORDS, andBLACK SAFETY TREADS, and Goodrich Test CarFleets prove it is there.Demand the SERVICE VALUE tires.THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCincinnati Branch: 1110 RaceVt A . .V V. ' 7' C' fl-i! mnn m--if r-iri-- f n Tirrnrrrinir-ririrr ----..-. ...; s.'....sxmTO THE YOUNG MEN OF AMERICA"How can I render the most valuable service to my country duringthe period of the war?" Every youngman over eighteen is asking himselfthis question.The War Department has just offered a new answer to the question.They say: "Enter college if youare fitted to do so, or return to college if you are already enrolled, andenlist in the Student Army TrainingCorps."Bv enlisting in thp Rtnripnl- ArmvTraining Corps you will become amember of the United States Army.You will receive a uniform and begiven military drill under differentofficers detailed by the War Department. During the early part of yourcourse you; will receive ten hours ofmilitary instruction a week, six ofwhich you will be drilled rifle practice and other outdoor training andfour of which will be academic work,for which military credit is given,such as mathematics, English, foreign languages, history, science, etc.You will be carefully rated both bythe college authorities and by themilitary officers who will help youto discover a special line of militaryservice for which you liave thegreatest capacity and preference.Later in your course you will havean opportunity to specialize in abranch of training designed to fit youto become an officer of field artillery, medical or engineer officer, anexpert in some technical' or scientific service, and so on.During the summer you will havean opportunity to attend a summercamp for intensive military training.Your traveling expenses to and fromj camp will be paid and you will be onactive duty under pay and subsistence by the War Department.As a member of the StudentsI Army Training Corps you will besubject to call to active duty at anytime in case of emergency. If you''desire to enter active service beforej completing your college training,transfer to active duty may be ar-j ranged through military channels, with the consent of the military offi-'cers at the college and of the college officials. It will be the policyof the Government, however, to al-tlow you to remain in college until. you complete your course. ,J Previously there have 'been twomethods by which a young manmight enter the National Service.He might either enlist voluntarily asa private in the army or a seamanin the navy, or he might remain insivllian life until called to activeservice at the age of twenty-one under the Selective Service Law. The, Student Army Training 6orps repre8SgrsKilts,,,,,,,, ,v.4&Mmfffrmr(rvnrwmmt,uwuTW'MiiimrMmiifr:J&3TIRES. 1 1 1 "" '" ,..,wmaa.ryr fM'WatSt., Cincinnat'T .. V . V - - rtCsents a third method of entering the(service which has special advantagesfor young men fitted to go to col1 lege.For further information concerning the Student Army TrainingCorps apply to any college whichJ you desire to attend or to the Com'mittee on Education and SpecialTraining, War Department, Washington, D. .s fe leaTHE .NEW CALOMEL IS HARMLESS AND DELIGHTFULAll Sickening and Dangerous Qualities Removed Medicinal VirtuesVastly Improved New VarietyCalled "Calotabs."Science has given us smokelesspowder, colorless iodine and tastelessquinine now comes nausealess calomel, a new variety known as Calotabs, that is wholly delightful in effect, yet more effective than the oldj style calomel as a system-purifier andnver-cieanser.Your doctor prefers calomel aboveall other medicines, as it is the bestand only sure remedy for biliousness,indigestion and constipation. Nowthat calomel is delightful to take,everybody is asking for the newvariety, Calotabs. One tablet at bedtime, a swallow of water that's all.No nausea, no griping, no danger.Next morning you wake up feelingfine, your liver cleansed, your system purified. Eat what you pleaseno restriction of habit or diet.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages, price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommendsand guarantees Calotabs.(adv)m m mTHREE LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGNS IN NEXT YEAR.Three Liberty Loan campaigns,each for $5,000,000,000 or more, areplanned by the Treasury Departmentwithin the next year, according toinformation from Washington. Ashas been officially announced, thefirst campaign will open September28 and the other two will probablyfollow in February and June. Thisprogramme will be necessary, it isexplained, to provide the $16,000,000,000 which officials estimate willbe required in addition to the $8,000,000,000 provided by the newRevenue Bill now being drafted.is fe BmTO IMPROVE YOUR DIGESTION."For years my digestion was sopoor that I could eat only the lightest foods. I tried everything thatI heard of to get relief, but not until about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertisedand got a bottle of them did I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is fine." Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Pa.' (adv-aug)ws Hi rThe salary of the President ofSwitzerland amounts to $2,200 ayear, with an additional $3,000 forexpenses. , - -(John Francis Farrell in the Courier-Journal.)Can I raise my feeble voice in indignant and righteous protest againstthe growing evil of treating our soldiers as babies and sucklings? CanI register Aan emphatic demurrer tothe tendency, to appraise our fighting forces as minors, incompetents,weaklings and children, requiringguidance, guardianship and innumerable restraints designed to keepthem pious,, .pure, f patriotic and proficient ?The average soldierHis whims and wishes,is human,his fanciesand foibles measure up to those ofthe commonplace citizen. The country's need is the first, the vital, andthe all-consuming consideration. Hegoes where directed;1 obeys all commands and fights and dies like a trueAmerican.Everywhere our eyes are offendedby pleading cries to protect and savethe soldier from infamy and sin; toshield him from the pitfalls of perfidious purveyors of alcoholic poison;to bar him from the captivatingcharms of wily women, and to shuthim off from the nefarious spell ofdice, cards and casino! Verily, thesoldier must personify the saint andthe evengelist. He must be a devout, abstemious Puritan, separatedfrom the lure of the world and thedire designs of the devil.Where do you half-baked, .halfbred citizens get the idea that a soldier must be bred on buttermilk andbeans? Why do you pray and cryand beg for tobacco, candy, papers,caps, sweaters, etc., when billionsare gallantly voted for powder anddynamite?No rel man and soldier wantsyour marshmallows and your mittens.All he expects is a square deal,creature comforts and an evenbreak. '''"All this hot-air and hubbub aboutthe scarlet madonna and the demonbooze- the seductive poker chip andthe peril to "morale" is shallowbunk pure and simple. A lot of fortunate fat-heads are flourishing onvelvet carpets while a million "common folks" are doing the hard (anddirty) work in the trenches.I recommend:First That any soldier, anytime,anywhere, get a drink if he wants it.Second That the Governmentsupply sufficient tobacco for allneeds, as well as gloves, sweaters,etc.Third That our soldiers be treated as men and not as boobs and bobolinks. IS Ea 1E5THE FOURTH LIBERTY LOANThe campaign for the Fourth Liberty Loan will begin September 28'and close October 19. The result ofthe loan will be watched with keeninterest in Europe, not only by ourassociates in the war against the Teutonic powers but by our enemies. Itwill 1)e regarded by them as a measure of the American people's supportof the war.The Germans know full well thetremendous weight and significanceof popular support of the war, of thepeople at home backing up the Armyin the field. As the loan succeedsour enemies will sorrow; as it fallsshort they will rejoice. Every dollarsubscribed will help and encouragethe American soldiers and hurt anddepress the enemies of America.The loan will be a test of the loyalty and willingness of the people ofthe United States to make sacrificescompared with the willingness of oursoldiers to do their part. There mustbe and will be no failure by the people to measure up to the courage anddevotion of our men in Europe. Manyof them have given up their lives;shall we at home withhold ourmoney? Shall we spare our dollarswhile they spare not their verylives?JS PS 3"THE AMERICAN'S CREED"""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for the .people; whose just powers arederived from the consent, of thegoverned; a democracy in a re-public; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a per-feet union, one and inseparable;established upon those princi-pies of freedom, equality, jus-tice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agafr st allenemies."A Parisian has invented roller,skates propelled by a one-quarter-'horsepower gasoline motor, the fueltank ibeing carried on the jvearer's.belt... , .., . 'See Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the marketHave stood the test of years.C. S. BALL GARAGECor-! Fourth and Pleasant St.7Jhe!Pencilet6nSiop135 EAST MAIN ST., OTF. PHOENIX HOTEI,LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY'.iWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phcae 40 Home Phone 169-2GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR IMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137 -NIGHT 299 1BL Coi?1?ririfthndPlwisaritStrfttf,Parif,K g,s :All Kinds ofSUITSHATS1 m&y both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, wiiile the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.; A phone brings us.a1IIxiiNjft.-M 5U-FEIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1918"T TTHE" BOtJlBOKHfiWS, PiMS,' 'X&fT&tfiCYr-""rnrwi.KfLDoctors Say: "Take Iron.9 9For building up weak, nervous, run-down, people, doctors prescribeiron. Ie is the greatest blood purifier and strengthener known and,taken in proper quantities, it builds up the body like nothing else can.But many of the iron preparations before the public contain too littleiron; many of them contain from 10 to 25 per cent, of alcohol, and alcohol counteracts the efficiency of the iron.Acid Iron Mineralis free from the presence of alcohol. It is obtained from the only medicinal iron mineral deposit of its kind known to the world; a pure, naturaliron product, free from the drug of the chemist and the "dope" of the pillmaker.In addition to three forms of natural iron Acid Iron Mineral containsmagnesium, potassium, sodium and calcium, medical properties whichyour doctor prescribes for indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, andmany ailments arising from a disordered stomach. As a general tonic itcomes closest to the ideal, making rich, pure blood and toning up the system and weak organs to normal.Be sure you get Acid Iron Mineral; ask for it by name. Look for theA-I-M trade mark, it is your guarantee of a pure, concentrated, efficient,economic iron product. At all reliable druggists or the Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va., ?1 per bottle prepaid. (adv-F-tf )FOR SALE BY BROOKS & SNAPP.SENATOR JAMES GETS BIG VOTEIN PRIMARY.United States Senator Ollie M.James received over 10,000 morevotes in the August primary thanboth the Republican candidates, notwithstanding the fact that W. Preston Kimball, the other candidate forthe Democratic nomination, made nocampaign and openly declared forSenator James, and the Republicancandidates contested bitterly for thenomination.In 115 of the 121 counties, Calloway, Carter, Casey, Floyd and Fulton still being out. Senator Jamesreceived 49,825 votes. The combined votes of former Secretary ofState Ben L. Bruner and Judge B. J.,Bethurum, of Somerset, in the Republican primary were 39,311. Kimball received 3,669 votes, giving Senator James a majority of 46,256.Ben L. Bruner was nominated by theRepublicans, receiving 21,256 votesto 18,045 for Bethurum, a majorityof 3,211.1 13 fcsDevelopment of water power inNorway has made electricity cheaperthan steam in that country.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesFishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.KENTUCKINAS APPROVED FOR Y.M. C. A. WAR WORK.One hundred and eighty-sevenKentuckians have been approved forarmy Y. M. C. A. work'. Of thisnumber 104 were selected for overseas work and 83 will be assigned tocantonments in the United States.The men chosen have been given positions as educational, religious,physical and social directors. Thefollowing Kentuckians from this section have been chosen for overseasY. M. C. A. work: C. O. Hinton,Paris; Robert T. Hinton, Georgetown; Hardin Caldwell, Shelbyville;Elric C. Clarke, Maysville; JohnMcCochran, Maysville; C. L. Conrad,Falmouth; R. H. Crossfield, Lexington; John Li. Finley, Georgetown;Landon C. Guthrie, Frankfort; HarryH. Kemper, Frankfort; Wiley C.Marshall, Frankfort; Roger T. Nooe,Frankfort; John Hanley Pullen,Richmond; Fred Houston Shaw,Lexington; Matt Turney, Georgetown; David J. Walker, Shelbyville;Daniel J. Thomas, Danville; Fred J.Watson, Lexington.Ja fe issUNION WAR FUND DRIVE IN NO-VEMBER.The week of November 11 hasbeen set for the great union war funddrive to raise $133,500,000 for warwork of the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W.C. A., the War Camp CommunityService and the American LibraryAssociation, according to an announcement made in New York byrepresentatives of the four organizations. The Y. M. C. A. will receive $100,000,000 from the fund, the Y. W. C.A. $15,000,000, the War Camp Community Service $15,000,000 and theLibrary Association $3,000,000.The Knights of Columbus, theJewish Welfare League and the Salvation Army, the only other threewar relief organizations recognizedby the government, will be asked tojoin in a similar campaign to belaunched in January, 1919. It wasimpossible to arrange for these organizations to take part in the November campaign. The plan to combine the seven appeals in two campaigns is said to have the sanctionof President Wilson and Secretary ofWar Baker.A BILIOUS ATTACK.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWhen you have a bilious attackyour liver fails to perforpi its functions. You become constipated. Thefood you eat ferments in your stom-ach and causes nausea, vomiting and& terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone up your liver, clean out yourstomach and you will soon be as wellas ever. They only cost a quarter.(adv-aug)1 mGerman soldiers, taken prisonersby Americans, cheerfully trade ironcrosses for cigarettes. RochesterDemocrat and Chronicle.WHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !FASHION1PERS HINTS OFATIMODESNEW YORK, Aug. 22.When the trying hot days of Julyhave passed and the sheer frocks oforgandie and voile have served their,purpose of keeping many cool duringheat, and although they are still appreciated for their admirable effect,they are given second place in thethoughts of their owners and theygracefully abdicate their lofty position in favor of the new fall styles.Texas women cast nearly one-halfof the total vote in the recent Stateprimaries.?Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for oace,the breeze continually.have proved their ability to" givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reason1are money savers.Paris GaiTi Electric Co JBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream Puffs -Doughnuts,Rolls,. PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, Pork. BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376tSPanels a Favorite FeatureNever have women considered theirclothes from the angle from whichthey now scan their wardrobe. Asmost are doing war work, many prewar non-essentials such as conservation, practicability and cost arenow dominant factors in the determination of the extent and qualityof one's wearing apparel., Another Conservation 'MeasureA wise person one said, "There isalways a way," and Dame Fashionfound it by combining materials, ofsilk with wool to reduce the quantity of the latter, in a dress, to itsminimum. And promptly to the rescue came the loose-flowing panelswhich are developed in woolen material, with the greater part of thedress, the waist, skirts and sleevesdeveloped in some silk or satin fabric. And, indeed, those panels arequite the most graceful featuresanctioned by fashion. They tendto give long, slender lines to thosewho have not that tendency in theirfigures; in short they are an idealcamouflage. The dress illustrated is'developed in navy blue serge withblack satin; a combination of highesteem in the prevailing dictates ofla mode.Reappearance of Draped SkirtsHistory repeats itself, and I'msure fashion does the same. For lo!the draped skirt is with us again.The smart women in Paris feel increasingly at home in this gracefuladaption of the long, narrow, tapering silhouette. Lucile is showing anexceptionally good-looking afternoon dress in gray and red brownmarquisette, with a collar and vestof white organdie, and the skirt isdraped up tight on the left side. Thepeg-top is another phase of the draped skirt which is being shown extensively just now. This particularstyle seems to have a saucy individ-) MoCallA Tendency Toward the Peg-TopEffect .uality about it which sort of solicits'then defies your attention. Somehow one must be piquant to wear it.A NERVOUS .BREAKDOWNMiss Kelly Tells How LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound RestoredHer Health.Newark, N. J. "For about threeyears I suffered from nervous breakdown and got soweak I could hardlystand, and had head-,aches every day. Itried everything Icould think of andwas under a physician's care for twoyears. A girl friendhad used Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andshe told me aboutit. From the firstday I took it I beganto feel better andnow I am well andable to do most anykind of work. Ihave been recommending the Compound ever since and give you my permission to publish this letter." MissFlo Kelly 476 So. 14th St., Newark,N.J.The reason this famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, was so successful in MissKelly's case was because it went to theroot of her trouble, restored her to anormal healthy condition and as a resulther nervousness disappeared.A pleated panel of contrasting material at the front of the skirt trimsthe peg-top dress illustrated, whichis developed in satin and Georgette.An Indispensable ComfortWhen women found themselvesworking in canteens and standingthe most part of the day, they immediately came to the conclusion thathigh French heels were not the lastword in comfort. So they wrappedup their pride completely in theirwiser judgment, and betook uponthemselves the low military heels.These were found so comfortableand desirable that their adoption wasinsantaneous and permanent. Sopopular have they proven that onesees them exclusively for street wearand even with" afternoon dresses,with high heels making their appearance only at some particular occasion. - j ..Simple Coiffures"Oh, the joy of a season of straight,smooth, hair dressing! The womanwho is not endowed with curly locksappreciates it to the utmost. Goneare the woes of curl papers and hotirons. She may now arrange her hairwithout the slightest difficulty andalways look well. Only those whocannot possibly wear their hair otherthan waved should cling to the costume. High coiffures are favored andthe loose pompadour is appearingagain. The uncovering of the earsis an excellent opportunity to display attractive earrings. The shopsare showing some very odd and cleverdesigns and stones unheard of before are making their appearance.CATARRHAL 'DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUBEDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manycases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem. JWe will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)S B ?3TO REMOVE A SPLINTER.To remove a splinter from thehand, fill a wide-mouthed bottlenearly full of hot water, says thePopular Mechanics. Thrust the injured part over the mouth ond pressit slightly. The flesh will be drawndown and shortly the splinter will beexposed under the action of thesteam. This method is far batterthan the common and dangerouspractice of picking the flesh with apin or knife point. The usual antiseptic solution should be applied.THE BEST PLASTER.p- .IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT A"5. ZPIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY&MAYHELP WIN THE WAR IPflF Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you -PARIS HOME TELEPHONE .TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH. - W. H. CAE50N.District ManagerLocal ManagerBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street1x1Br4Bf jg!a i . ihf -z- &sjST j3ruiU- - T - yfSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancessrs and exnert heiners we areT3 6ri prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicitvnnr "natron a ore.3T 'The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyiIIXIXI15XIXIX1Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing your order. Call usover Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.A piece of flannel dampened withChajmberlain's Liniment and boundon over the seat of jain is, often moreeffectual for a lame back than a plaster and. does not xost anything like"c " -, ; , -: udT-sus) I Bourbon News. Best WorkRfght PricesSend That Next Job of Printing te TheMfcewfc'i1t Ky mm jiy.4 ' Jin maMHMMMMlUMMfcJI-yv ?tl-C-r f5?v"" . Tt. .lir-rTHE BOURBON &EWS, PARIS, KY.AU UGHTFRIDAY, AUGUST 23. 1918MMMittHHHf I H II IH I H 1 1 i 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 II 1 II 1 1 II H 1 1 1 1 1 1 M II I M 1 1 1 1SESSf Wjfit PARI ORANP AND ALAMO' n T"- 1 1-Friday, August 23rdSaturday, August 24tH--Jifn"VIvi.- As ii4r--VsA, ':The J. T; Hintoh Co. JUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSTAmtnand SixthStreetsDay phone 36HfiVI K V Night s . - 56 5-L d J.J or Home 2S6 ,Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our tl.imousine invaua Voacn.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.MkbHbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbVjjHjBHaBHIBBiHmmi i m ttu ! iii i i ii-friii ii iii'H'i'HiiiBHLLERSBURGo-"Miss Frances Vivian Maffott hasReturned to her home at Moorefleld.. Mr. Jt. L. Wilson and family-arlsited relatives at Bethel, Wednesday. Mr. C. W. Corrington left Tues3&a.7 for a business trip to Cincinnati.- .He will return to-day.i. Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton havereturned after a week's sojourn atMink -Orchard Springs.-Mrs. Maude Barnett, of Lexing-zxrn, was .the guest of Mrs. W. A.jEJdtLar, Wednesday and Thursday.Ir. R. M. Caldwell attended thetyfaaeral of his sister-in-law, Miss Min-3ile Harris, at Georgetown, Thursday.Mrs. James Price and children,x)f Escondida, were guests of heraren,ts, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke, J' ,3!ues4&y.Millersburg is well represented- at the Ewing Fair. Mr. and Mrs. S.C. Carpenter are spending the entire"-;iime there,9rs. D E. Clarke and children,"Tand mother, Mrs. Laura Layson, arevisiting Messrs. Lcruis and J. B. Layson, in Canada.Mr. and Mrs. Howard MaffottSTOCK, CROP, ETC.'Estimates from reliable stock dealers in Bourbon county indicate thatfully four-fifths of the lambs in thecounty have been shipped, and thatthe month of August will wind upshipments, and leave but a few scattering lots for local butchers. Thegreat bulk of the shipments havebeen made to the Eastern markets.Four carloads of horses destined for the markets in South Carolinaand Georgia, have been purchasedfrom Bourbon county stock dealersin the past few days by a Southernstock buyer. He paid from $100 to$140 per head for the consignment.Thos. J. Curtis, of Madisoncounty, sold to Mr. W. A. Thomasson,of near North Middletown, one hundred head of fine cattle, which averaged 1,500 pounds, at $14 per hundred. This is said to be one of thefinest lots of cattle ever leaving Madison county.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of Paris,representing Swift & Co., of Chicago,purchased yesterday of Bourboncounty dfealers two hundred head ofextra fine export cattle, averagingperThe'liave Telurned to their home at Lexington, .-atter a few days' visit to Mr. 1,500 pounds, for 18 cents-rzjuTMrs. A. T. Maffott. 'nound. an aggregate of $32,400.b --Misses Lucia and McLona Butler J cattle will be shipped to Swift & Co.,-cajve returned arter a visit to tneir at their Chicago yards.'Sister, lurs. jrnesi. xveuiyei, ox uy" .fenisville, accompanied by Mr. andl&rs. Kemper. vtrs. N. H. Collier was brought"3rcme 1 rom Dawson Springs, Tuesday.She was not so well as when leavingliome. She was accompanied by herfe tsiNOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing veryshort. Come to our office Inthe Court House and brine us-aftagMer. Mrs. T. H Comer, of Paris. your prbptlty HstS. It Will tavetshhI is now under the care of Mrs. r T .JGarrie F. Stone, of Pans, trained J"M " "" " rirvrrriTw.. J WALTER CLARK,Isners tohn h. Stewart has re- Tax Commissioners for Bourbonceived a message announcing thet - fiteatli of' her mother, Mrs. Susan Mc-1 .Connaughay, in St. John, Kansas.v She was the widow of Mr. J. D. Mc--1QQnaaughay, formerly of Nicholas- -oaisityrDOROTHY DALTONIN. . .r's Shadow''TheA thrilling-picture in which -Miss Daltonportrays tne roie 01 a i? rencn oecretService Agent. - -BEAUTIFUL RUTH ROLANDin a new Pathe'Serial , ,"HANDS , UP!"A wonderful Western pictufespaoked fullof 3aring, adventure and heart-stirringromance.William Fox PresentsPeggy HylandIN'A DEBT OF HONOR'A story that thrills with" love and self- ' sacrifice.Also Fox Film Comedy"A MERRY MIX-UP"u -.Monday, August 26thThos. Il. Ince PresentsWM.S. HART-IN"SHARK MONROE"Thev called .him "Shark" because h abloodless and cold a human icicle; but hemeirea unaer a woman's smile.A FOX SUNSHINE COMEDY"A Neighbor's Keyhole"D-! J (r rices 1At the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.RELIGIOUS.The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church will sew for theRed Cross, Friday, Aug. 23.Rev. Mr. Allen, of North Middletown, will preach next Sundaymorning at the Christian church, inMidway.Rev. Hiram Linville, of . St.Louis, Mo., will fill the pulpit at theChristian church, in this city, at themorning service, next Sunday.The Christian Endeavor SocietyoFthe Presbyterian church willmeetSunday evening at 6: 45 "in the newchurch building. The subject willbe, "The Power of the Cross on. theFrontier.". Leader, Elise Heller.' Alarge audience is earnestly requestedto be present. 5Catholics from all parts of thenation will assemble at Philadelphia,Pa., on August 27 to attend the eighteenth annual convention of theCatholic Mutual Benefit Associationof America, which will be held inthat city during the closing week ofpresent month.Two important conferences ofthe Southern Presbyterian Churchwill be held at Montreat, N. C, beginning on August 19 and- continuing through August 25. These willbe the Bible Conference. Severalhundred delegates from all theSouthern States -will be in attendance on these two conferences.One hundred thousand membersof the United Society of ChristianEndeavor in the United States havecontributed funds for a headquartersbuilding for the organization. ;jhfrbuilding, which has just been completed and dedicated, is located., atBoston, Mass.f MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the Office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Malcolm Matney and Miss Augusta Senter, bothof this county.--Marriage licenses were issuedthisweek from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Pato-n to Mr. ThomasCox 'and Mrs. Delia Manchester, Mr.Daniel Vaughn and Miss Hallie Sweetall of this county, and Mr. B. O.Graves, of Scott county, and MissBessie Talbott, of Cynthiana. Thelatter were married here by Rev. W.E. Ellis. . -. "TALBOTT GRAVES.The home of Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, ,on the Hume & Bedfordpike, near Paris, was the scene Tuesday afternoon of a pretty wedding,when the ceremony was performeduniting in marriage Miss Bessie Talbott, of Cynthiana, and Mr. B. O.Graves, of near Georgetown.The ceremony was performed byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, at the Clevelandhome, in the presence of a few immediate relatives .of the bride, andsome intimate - friends. The bride,who is a sister of Mrs. Cleveland,looked charming in a costume of bluecloth, with hat to match, and carried a corsage boquet of roses. Afterthe ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Gravesleft for a honeymoon trip. On theirreturn they will reside at the groom'shome in Georgetown.The bride is a handsome and veryattractive young woman. Tor severalyears she. was teacher at the Ford'sMill School, near Paris, and later amember of the Public School facultyin Georgetown. She is a sister ofMr. Robert Talbott, for years a pqduiar. clerk in the Phoenix Hotel, inLexington. The groom is engaged infarming near Georgetown.Among the guests who witnessedthe ceremony were Mrs. Sue Talbottand Misses Allie, Nettie and SadieTalbott, mother and sisters of thebride, and Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Talbott and son, Robert Talbott, Jr., ofnear Lexington. "fe 3DEMOCRATS TO ORGANIZETHE FALL CAMPAIGN.FORWith the primary over, steps willsoon be taken to organize for theDemocratic fall campaign and theelection of the party nominees forUnited States Senator, Congressmenand Judges of the Court of Appeals.The Democratic State Committeeswill be called to meet in the nearfuture to name the campaign committee and formulate plans for theparty fight, but nothing will be doneuntil Senator Ollie M. James expresses his wishes regarding the selectionof a campaign chairman and committee, as the party leaders unite insaying that he should have the mostto say in this matter. It is expectedthat when Senator James recoverssufficiently from his illness that hasconfined him in a Baltimore hospitalfor several months, he will eithercome to Kentucky and take part inthe selection of the campaign organization, or indicate his wishes inthat respect. There is nopurpose todo anything in this respect untilSenator James is heard from.NATIONAL REUNION OF THECONFEDERATE VETERANSMembers of John H. Morgan CampUnited Confederate Veterans in thiscity have been advised that thetwenty-eighth annual reunion of theUnited Confederate Veterans' Association, the Confederate Memorial Association and the Sons of the Confederacy will be held at Tulsa, Oklahoma, September 24-27.Secretary McAdoo, Director-Generalof Railroads,' has ordered thatthe railroads of the county shallmake a rate of one cent a mile eachway for the veterans and their families who will attend the convention.Ample hotel facilities are being arranged in Tulsa and social events arebeing planned for the entertainmentof the expected guests. It is estimated that about 100,000 will attend the convention, which it is predicted, will be the greatest in thehistory of the organization.RAILROAD DIRECTOR McADOOWANTS JOYRIDING STOPPEDDirector General of Railroads McAdoo has issued an appeal to thepublic to refrain from traveling finnecessarily and thereby liberate essential transportation facilities forwar purposes.The Director-General explainedthat he realized there were groundsfor numerous complaints of overcrowded trains and unsatisfactoryconditions on trains, but that thesethings were due to the great demandupon the railroad systems for troopmovements and transportation ofcoal, food, raw materials and othersupplies required for military operations.County.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(aug23-tf)te fe ?saMiss Josephine Leer is at Camp .Daanel Boone, on the Kentucky j.- riiser, as a member of the Y. W. C.v-party camping there. Miss Mary.ifroni. Cynthiana to go to the same" jnlacfi.BIRTHS.r$M, an entertainment given at" nfe$5iome of the hostess. Miss Lavina1 1 "X&yson.'the 'engagement of Miss Agnes Wdell 'to Captain Walton R." Nelson, -o'f Camp Gordon, Ga.f was- nounced. Miss Wadell ,is thefit daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. P.TVadell, of this city. Capt. Nelson-ss formerly a member of tne m. m.JZ. laculty.At a special meeting held inHhe main auditorium of the Millers-Ijurg Methodist church, a service-Sag containing seventeen stars werepresented to the church by &ie com--mlttee of ladies appointed to makeiihe fiag. Tne stars represent the fol1?&To the wife, of Mr. SamuelEwalt, of near Shawhan, a daugh-ter. Miss Ewalt was formerly MissNina Fisher, of near Cynthiana.At the Booth Memorial Hospital,in Covington, to the wife of Mr.Jakie Margolen, formerly of Paris, adaughter, christened Mildren JeanMargolen. Mr. and Mrs. Margolenare busy acknowledging congratulations upon the advent .of the littlevisjtor in their, nome. The motherwas formerly Mrs". Rhoda Blount, ofParis.fe fe ?HOW WIDE IS MAIN STREET IN, PARIS.Ed NEWS: "" '" -There has been eonsiderahlA nnn-lowtag boys from this vicinity who'troversy as to the width of Mainare in the service: James Arthur, street. Can you settle the discus-"Wadell Beeding, Corporal Grover sion by giving us an estimate?Case, 'Charles R. Corrington, Geo.Crump, Walter Crump, JamesCrump, "Ernest Fisher, CharlesFisher, Lieut. Jas. Miller, Thurman"Jtigflon "and Thornton Rigdon. Sixof these are now in the service in3France as members of the America"Expeditionary Force.XSV.'CAREY MORGAN TO GO TOFRANCE.Jfc r Rev. Carey E. Morgan, former pas:tor -of the Paris Christian church,- tr "who .was recently given a fourV months' leave of absence by the conf - gregkUon in Nashville, Tenn., is nowv - in New York, accompanied bv Mrs.; " Morgan. Rev. Morgan will sail soon- for France, where he will enter army" "Y. M. C. A. work.Rev. Morgan is awaiting orders,' passports and other necessary papers.Wnen.he arrives in France he will attend the wedding of his son, Carey1 n13. Morgan; Jr., who is in the service'tliere. Mrs. Morgan will return to' Nashville 'upon -Rev. Morgan's desjwrture. .A SUBSCRIBER.Answer: According to a recentmasurement made by expert civil engineers m front of Mayor E. BJanuary's office, the official tanelineshowed a width of thirty feet andnine inches. This may be taken asan average width with, little or novariation. Ed. NEWS.NEW MANAGER.Miss Nellie Arnold, of Georgetown, has been appointed managerof the Western Union Telegraphoffice in this city. Miss Arnold succeeds Mr. Wm. Rigntling,. who hsCsbeen transferred to the office in St.Louis, Mo. Miss Lucy Henry willcontinue in the office with MissArnold; who has assumed the dutiesof her new position.Australian women have inventedthe spiral sock, which, is being introduced into this country. They aresoft and clinging, without heels, andare said to outwear three pairs ofthe -other style.The Homq Missions Council'vofthe United States has issued a callto all Protestant churehes urgingthe necessity of unfon church servicesin many communities during thecoming winter. The council pointsout that there is probability of ashortage of "tuel next winter, andthat it may be necessary for churchesto hoid union services; perhaps alternating the building in which theservices is held, in order to conservefuel.The union tent meeting beingconducted on the old Bourbon College gorands by Evangelist Tevjs,will close Sunday. Services will 'beheld to-night and to-morrow nightat eight o'clock. The Sunday services will be held at 3:00 p. m. and8:00 p. m. The attendance has beenfar above the average and the interest keen.A conference of Bible Schoolworkers and teachers of all the Protestant church of Paris and Bourboncounty, was held at the Christianchurch, in this city, at 2:30 o'clockyesterday afternoon. The conferencewas for the purpose of having therepresentatives meet Miss CynthiaPearl Moss, of Cincinnati, representing the American Christian Missionary Society. "Miss Moss delivered a very interesting address to theconference along the lines of missionary work.Under the auspices of the Kentucky State Sunday School Association, a campaign will shortly be inaugurated designed to reach everySunday School in the State. Thecampaign, which is to be known asthe. "Fill-Up-The-Gap" campaign, hasas its object the enlisting of new recruits in the Sunday Schools to takethe place of the young men who havebeen called into the national serviceand young Women who have goneinto the Red Cross service. A systematic canvass is now being madeto secure the number and names-ofthose who have gone into the service from the Sunday Schools of 'theState, and when this is accomplished,campaigns will be begun in eachcommunity for the purpose of securing two new members to take theplace of each one of those who havegone. These new members are to beasked to pledge themselves to remain active in Sunday School work,at least until the soldier or nursewhose place they are taking comesback.The Kentucky Association has appointed Thomas F. Gordon as chairman of the new committee to beformed for the purpose of enlistingthe interest of the local SundaySchools in the State Convention,which will be held at Ashland inOctober.1ft t toi1 Lady Mabelle Knox, who died sometime ago, was one of nine ""brothersand sisters, whose aggregate agestotaled 769 years. v Four of themsurvived to 9a,98. 93 and 89 years,I respectively. tYOUR LAST OPPORTUNITY!FINAL SALE!WE ARE COMPELLED TOSELL THE BALANCE OFOURHigh Grade Men's,Women's & Children'sSUMMER SHOESOXFORDS. PUMPSRegardless of CostIn Order to Make Room ForOurFALL FOOTWEAR!v-t- -&k&zgrTjjr .Jr 7 . JLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andPumps, Walk-Over and other famous makesAT FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES!Ladies' Canvas Boots and Pumps, $3.00values, at -$ 1 .99Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords andPumps, $4.00 values, at $2.99Ladies' Patent Kid Button Shoes, $3.50values at $1.99Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Pumps,Louis and Low Heels, $4.00 values . . $2,4-9Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col. Pumps, LouisHeel, Welts, $4.50 values at.. $2.99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and' Pumps, $2.50 values at $ 1 .69Ladies'Kid and G. M. Shoes and Slippers, -broken sizes, $3.50-$4.00 values. .$1 .49Men's White Canvas Oxfords, rubbersoles, $3.00 values, at " . . .$ 1 .99Men's and Boys'' G. M. Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values at $1.99Men's Tan and G. M. English Shoes,Walk-Over,all sizes, $4.50 values. . .$3.49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best makesall sizes, $4.00 values, at $2.99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes, $2.50values, at .. $ 1 .79Children's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at 99cLadies White Sport Canvas tf 1 A AOxfords, $2.00 values,at..pl"vWhite Tennis Oxfords,75c values at49cDANParis' QreatestShoe StoreCOHEN.Where Beauty and Economy ReignVi . -V- i--rtj"fc'HTBM' &X