'x V -BOURBON" fPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY ANB FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.-T.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1918NEWS- .yrlMLBOY DROWNS WHILE IN BATHING IN HOUSTON CREEK.In. full view of four or five comrades, who had accompanied himthere, and who vainly endeavored torender him assistance, Will Ray Mallory, aged thirteen, son of Mr. andMrs. John W. Mallory, of Twentieth street, this city, was drownedSunday afternoon while bathing inHouston creek, .near Kenney, thiscounty.Young Mallory and his companionsleft the Mallory home some timeearly in the afternoon, with the intention of going for a walk. Theynroceeded along the railroad for several miles, until they came to Houston creek, near Kenney, at a pointwhich seemed to promise good bathing. All went in the stream audwere getting along very nicely untilsuddenly a cry of distress was heardfrom the Mallory boy, who was outsome distance from the others. Several of the boys started to his assistance, but he went under to a watery death before they could reachhim. Mallory is said to have been avery good swimmer, and the supposition was that he had been seizedwith cramps, which rendered himhelpless.The alarm was given at a neighboring farm house by the boys, and several farm hands responded. Thebody was recovered spme distancefrom where it had gone down, by oneof the men, who had been using agrappling hook for the purpose. Physicians hastily summoned, broughtwith them a pulmotor, with whichthey endeavored to catch even afleeting breath of life, but the boyhad been under the water too long,and their efforts were of no avail.The boy's father, Mr. John W. Mallory, was in Lexington at the time ofthe accident, visiting one of hisdaughters, who is ill in one of thehospitals. He was summoned homeby a long distance message tellingof the tragic occurrence. The boy'sbody was taken to the Mallory borne,and prepared for burial.The funeral will be held at thefamily home, near Twentieth street,to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, at7:45 o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. W. B. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The bodywill be taken to Elizabeth, in Fleming county, where after a short service by Rev. T. B. Howe, it will beplaced in its last resting place in theElizabeth Cemetery. Besides his parents, young Mallory is survived byone sister, Miss Opal Mallory, andtwo half-brothers, Robert and JosephLetcher, both of whom are in theservice of the United States in thearmy.HAY SHIPPERS MUST SECURELICENSE FOR. SHIPPING.In a bulletin issued to the farmersof the State 'by Federal Food Administrator Fred M. Sackett, of Louisville, they are warned that those whoare engaged or expect to be engagedin buying and shipping haymust secure a Federal Food license beforedoing so. A copy of the bulletin,which reads as follows, has been received by County Food Administrator Lawrence Mitchell, of NorthMiddletown, and given to the press:"To All Shippers of Hay:"The United States Food Administration finds that many persons engaged in shipping hay have not yetapplied, for license."As all hay shippers are includedin the license proclamation of thePresident, and are required to applyfor and secure a license before doingany business in buying and sellinghay under heavy penalties for failureto make such application, I am anxious that every one whose businessfalls within this designation shouldshould make immediate application,jf they have not already done so, tothe License Division of the Food Administration at Washington, D. C,for such license,"FRED M. SACKETT,,."Federal Food - Administrator forKentucky."FARM FOR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near E wait'sCross Roads. If interested, addressMr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. HighSt., Lexington, Ky.(6-tf)LIGHTNING STRIKES VEHICLE;GIRL ESCAPES INJURYDuring the severe thunder andelectrical storm which, prevailed overParis Friday afternoon, lightningstuck a carriage in which two girlswore riding, on Second street, andone of . the rear wheels dropped tothe ground. Upon investigation it"was found that the rear axle had beenmelted by the electrical current,causing the wheel to drop and thecarriage to topple over. The girlswere slightly stunned, but. were notinjured. After having .repairs madeat a Jocal shop, the , young womenproceeded to their home near Paris,none the worse for their experience.COURT OP APPEALS TO RESUMESITTINGS THIS WEEKThe Kentucky Court of Appeals'ill resume its sittings at Frankfortthis week for the fall term. Thedocket is an unusually large one,containing -manv imTortant cases.in the Common Pleas. Fourth -Di-isum, the case of the L. & N. R. R-s The storm did some damage inCo. vs. Biggs, and that, of the. Power other parts of, the county. For aGrocery Co., vs. Alexander's. assignee, jwhile semi-darkness prevailed, necesetc., from Bourbon, were assigned for J sitating lights much earlier thanWednesday, ..Sept-J&S. . . H usual: " V' . ' " - 'SEPT. 12 DESIGNATED AS REGISTRATION DAY.All men from 18 to 45 years of agein the Continental United States, except those in the army or navy oralready registered, were summonedby President Wilson, Saturday, toregister for military service onThursday, September 12.'Machinery of the Provost MarshalOreneral s office was set in motion tocarry out the second great enrollment under a presidential proclamation issued soon after the Presidenthad signed' the new man-power actextending the draft ages. The bill,completed in Congress, was sent tothe White House for the President'ssignature soon after the House andSenate convened.It is estimated that at least 12,778,758 men will register this time,compared with near 10,000,000 onthe first registration of men from 21to 31 on June 5, 1917. Of those whoenroll now it is estimated that 2,300,000 will be called for generalmilitary service, probably two-thirdsof the number coming from amongthe 3,500,000 or more between theages of 18 to 21.Gen. March has said all registrants called into the army will bein France before next June 30, swelling the American expeditionary forceto more than the 4,000,000 men expected to win the war in 1919. Thelast to be called will be the youthsin their eighteenth year, but thoseof that age who desire and who havethe necessary qualifications may beinducted into service on October 1for special technical or vocationaltraining.Provost Marshal Crowder in making public the estimate of men between 18 and 21 and between 31 and45 "who will be registered under theAdministration's Man-power Bill September 12 fixed 254,108 as the number for Kentucky.The number registered in Kentucky under the 21-31 registration ofJune 5, 1917, were 190,629, or 63,478 less than the estimate under theextended draf Cages. . ,KR PB pfeEXTENSION OF UTILITIESShould Be Curtailed Until After theWar Committee Urges.WASHINGTON, Sept. 2. Everyextension of the a street car line,electric lighting .system, water main,street paving of other public utilityenterprised not absolutely essentialto the war should be postponed untilpeace times, said the Government'sCapital Issues Committee in a lettersent to-day to ull-State Public Utility Commissions. These State bodieswere urged -not only to frown uponadditions and betterments requiringcapital expenditures, but also to remove from public service corporations, if possible, the necessity ofcarrying out contract or franchiseobligations which might be dispensed with the war emergency.The letter was the first of severalmeasures planned by the CapitalIssues Committee, in co-operationwith the Treasury and other financialagencies, to draw tighter the nation'spurse strings"and prevent by a voluntary, though effective, method ofsupervision the dissipating of capitalm less essential enterprises. Cincinnati Enquirer.n to miPECULIAR SITUATION.A peculiar state of affairs has developed in connection with the opening of the county schools at SpearsMill and Hutchison. Owing to thehigh cost of living and necessity, forconservation, the teachers of theseschools have, been unable to obtainboarding places in the neighborhoods,and have resigned.When appealed to by the schooltrustees in behalf of the teachers,residents of the neighborhood aresaid to have politely but firmly refused to take them into their families as boarders, on the plea that theycould not afford the extra expense attached to it, and the war prices theywould have to pay for the necessarysupplies.Miss Margaret Terry recently ofParis, now a resident of Lexington,has sold her residence at 356 Woodland avenue, in that city, to Mr. J.W. Scott. Jr., of Lexington. Thehome will be occupied by Prof. Edward Wiest and "daughter, lately ofVermont, who will be one of the instructors at Kentucky university.Possession will be given on September 10.to to mMR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuableto risk either in Fire or WindStorm. Insure against eitheror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Beth Phones 45.(30aug-6t)LIGHTNING PLAYS PRANKS INTHE COUNTY.During an electrical storm whichpassed over a portion of Bourboncounty Friday afternoon lightningstruck a cottage at Elizabeth, occupied by Mr. O. M. Bowman. The"bolt tore off a part of the chimney,ran down the stove pipe in thekitchen, tore off wall ' paper andloosened weatherboarding on thehouse. Mrs. Bowman naa just ieiithe house and luckily escaped injury.NEW DELIVERY SYSTEM IN EFFECT YESTERDAY.In compliance with the desire ofthe conservation nlan of tho. ftnvprn-ment the merchants of Paris yester-!aay inaugurated the new conserva-.---- .wj ojolcul, as ouumea ma large advertisement in THE NEWS1Ml -pi-iuay ana to-day. Under thenew arrangement, which is part ofthe plan to save man-power and gasoline, customers -must anticipate theirneeds and get their orders in oneday in advanceThe grocers of the city have announced to their patrons that in order to get proper service thev shouldorder their goods on the afternoon be-rore. Goods will be delivered as follows: Delivery No. 1 Commencing at7:00 a. m., goods will be deliveredin East Paris, Second street, Mt.Airy, Houston avenue, Lilleston avenue, Higgins avenue, Hendersonstreet, Walker avenue and Highstreet south to Seventh street.Delivery No. 2. Commencing at9:00 a. m., goods will be deliveredon South Main street, south of Seventh, Cypress street, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Nineteenth and Twentiethstreet, Virginia avenue, Rosedaleand Walker avenue, south of Eighthstreet.Delivery No. 3. Commencing at11:00 a. m.t deliveries will be madeon Pleasant street, Stoner avenue,Scott avenue, Vine street, Duncanavenue, Henry Addition, ThorntonDivision, Tenth street and Winchester street.COLORDED WOMEN SET GOODEXAMPLE TO OTHERS.Twenty-five colored women of Parisrecently sought employment of E. F.Spears & Sons, and were placed atwork in the seed houses, where theyare proving valuable assistants. Thewomen are rapidly learning to accomplish work formerly done by men,such as sacking seed, repairing sacks,and engaging in general work incidental to the process of cleaning andsacking bluegrass seed ready for themarket.THE NEWS heard of two coloredwomen who had made applicationfor places as wagon drivers, madevacant by men who had been takenin the draft service. Both claimed tobe familiar with the work, and it islikely ere long that they may beseen guiding horse-drawn vehiclesthrough the streets.These -women, besides-making-good-wages, are setting an example worthyof commendation by many others notonly of their race, but by the idlingclass of the lighter race, whose livesof ease do ,not make them any morehighly respected "than these womenwho have had the courage and resourcefulness to engage in occupations hitherto beyond the femininereach.II - IIHot Weather?Why, Certainly!But there is no need to suffer when : you canpurchase light weight comfortable clbthing from us.Palm Beach Coat and TrousersCool Cloth and Mohair Suitsthat will certainly keep you cool these hot, sultry days$13.50 to $25.00Men's Summer Underwear in union suits andtwo-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks. -Straw Hat and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00.Low Cut Oxford Shoes, tans and blacks, Nettleton and J. P. Smith makes, $7.00 to $12.00.Do not delay. Buy to-day and be cool and comfortable.MITCHELLI- --it:'.-Netdeton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoestcRED CROSS TEA ROOM TO OPENTOMORROW.,for theAll is now in readinessopening of the Red Cross Tea RoomIII fhp WHonn "Riii'Min rr at tTio rniner of Main and Third streets, wherewin De iouna as tempting an arrayof good things for the appetite as canI be found on the face of the earth.The room will be open for business visit to her husband, who is in train-to-day,from 8:30 to 12:00, and on'ins tnere- Mrs. Brannock was foreach morning thereafter at the same i merly Miss Ethel Jones, of Paris.hours. Telephone service has beeninstalled and the number being Homephone 340.The response to the appeal forequipment for the rooms has' beenvery generous, for which the thanksof the promotors are hereby extended.There is needed a meat grinder. Dowe hear a response? The following isa partial list of articles contributed,and the names of the donors, towhom the ladies extend their thanks.Mrs. Christian, one-half dozen piepans, enameled bowl and one eggbeater; T. W. Spicer, sinks at costand work free; John Kriener, coffeepot and strainer; John Hill, doubleboiler; Mrs. C. M. Clay, glassware,china and edibles; Mrs. Clell Turney,one dozen cups and saucers; Mrs.Harry B. Clay, one-half dozen cupsand saucers; Mrs. Charles Hukill,one-half dozen soup plates; Adami& Santi, ice cream; Lusk & Shea,groceries; Dr. A. H. Keller, breadand rolling pin; L. J. Fretwell, bread"box, ice pick and butcher knife;Walter Davis, knife and scissors;Miss Mayme Holladay, bowls andcan-opener; Mrs. Chas. Daugherty,ice bag and mallet; Frank M. Clay,one old country ham.The following contributed moneyto- pay for the sinks placed in therooms: Peoples-Deposit Bank &Trust Co., Holladay Candy Store, R.C. Talbott, W. R. Blakemore, J. W7Davis & Co., G. S. Varden & Son,J. Bennett Tarr, Miss Owens, ClaySutherland.The menu for the opening day isas follows:Chicken croquetts, peas, beatenbiscuit and slaw, 30c; tomato sandwich, 10c; brown bread sandwich,10c; fruit salad and wafers, 25c;pie a-la-mode, 15c; tea or coffee, 10c;plate lunch. Chicken croquette;peas; biscuit; broiled brains; creamed asparagus; stuffed peppers;muffins.SEE FELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALLSHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's Fallonoes.(3sept-tf)FELD'S SHOE STORE.FOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)iBLAKEMORE4 vEK1,' IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRnrvrrawroTrVXUJ.1XXWJL.i .I Mrs- 0ne Branaock left FridayiiU1 uiiy meaue, maryiana, ror aEdward Spears and Blair Vardenspent Sunday in Paris with relativesand friends. They were home on furlough from Camp Zachary Taylor,where they are stationed in the armvI service.Lieut. Fielding Rogers, who hasrecently been a guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Warren M. Rogers,near Paris, writes that lie has beentransferred from Camp Sherman,near Chillecothe, Ov to Camp Lee,Virginia.Private. W. H. Dearing, who recently returned to Camp ZacharyTaylor after a visit to relatives inNorth Middletown, writes back thatnearly all the officers bave left thecamp, and thar from that fact, hehas been acting as Corporal.Cards have been received here byrelatives and friends of Ed. C. Dotyand W. O. Penington, formerly ofJ Paris, announcing their safe arrivalat a French port. Both are membersof the navy, being on battleships doing patrol duty in Atlantic waters.Mrs. J. T. Brown has returned froma visit to her husband, Capt. J. T.Brown, who is stationed at the BaseHospital, at Camp Green, near Charlotte, N. C. Capt. Brown is a member of the Medical Corps at thecamp.Mr. Wherrit Howard, lately ofParis, who enlisted in the naval service some time ago, wrote to friendsand relatives here that he had arrived safely at a French port of disembarkation. His ship is on ocean patrol duty.Edwin K. Thomas, Jry son of Mr.Claude M. Thomas, "of "near Paris,has been commissioned Battalion Sergeant Major in the service. Maj.Thomas is now a guest of his father.He has been in the Officers' TrainingCamp at Plattsburg, New York.Mr. John Ardery, formerly ofParis, who is now in the ChemicalWarfare Department of the U. S.Army, being stationed at the Edge-wood Arsenal, in Maryland, is athome on a visit to relatives andfriends.Mr. John Roseberry motored toCamp Zachary Taylor, Sunday, tovisit his son, Hiram Roseberry, whois training in the artillery branch ofthe service. Mr. RoseberHy found theBourbon county boys all in goodshape and working hard to get inshape to do their share toward getting the "pesky Huns."Mr. Woodford Buckner left Saturday for Camp Gordon, Georgia, wherehe will go into training as a memberof the Officers' Reserve TrainingCorps. Mr. Buckner, before leaving,ordered THE NEWS sent to him atCamp Gordon, as he wanted to keepin touch with happenings, and especially for the comings and 'goings ofthe boys "in' the service."Advices have been received byParis relatives tp the effect that Capt.W. C. Terwilliger, who married MissOlive Taul, of this city, is now inFrance. Capt. Terwilliger has beenstationed at an army camp in Virginia, as a member of the MedicalCorps. During his absence, Mrs. Terwilliger will spend a part of her timein Paris with her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. Taul.Thomas McVey, of near Centerville, who was a member, of one ofthe Bourbon county draft contingents sent to Camp Zachary Taylorsome months ago, writes to hismother, Mrs. Nellie McVey, announcing his safe arrival overseas.McVey said the voyage was an uneventful one, but he hoped he wouldsoon be close to where eventfulthings are happening on the firingline.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick returned Friday night from a visit to theirson, Mr". Coleman Renick, who is stationad at Camp Logan, near Houston, Texas. They found Mr. Renickin splendid health, having gainedfifteen pounds in weight and thoroughly contented with camp life.Young Renick told his parents thatthe old-fashioned method of raisinga boy by hand wouldn't come nearmaking him a man as Uncle Sam'straining course will..John H. Turner, of Paris, writingto THE NEWS from Great LakesNaval Training Station, says, in part:"In a few days more, possibly notover five or six, we may be on ourway across the Atlantic. I anLthrough 'school' and have received &rating as second class petty officer. . .I am in first-class'health. Sometimeswe think it is being rubbed in on lis,but I guess its mostly imagination.I have been to all the 'seaports'on this end of the map, Chicago,Milwaukee, etc., also visited all theparks and pleasure resorts h ijpand.I around the Windy City. , All .the.Bourbon couity boys are gettingalong fine. . . .Mynew4JlAA -fdftui "aaeiis ana Myoaeti.'AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTS AMDHAPPEHETG PEATUEE SUMBATFor several hours Sunday an auto- -mobilewhich had turned turtle and.lay in the ditch at the side of theroad on the Maysville pike, near thehome of Mrs. Charles Leer, remainedunclaimed. The auto had been overturned some time in the early-hoursof Sunday morniner. it was nrnmMiand abandoned by its " occupants,whose identity remain, yet a anystery. The machine was taken totown by employes of a" localgarage for repairs, buf they wouldnot divulge any information to itsownership nor the identity Jf thepersons who had left it abandonedon the roadside.Mr. Charles A. Webb'ef, b"J theBourbon Garage & Supply Co., had anarrow escape from serious Injuryas he was sitting in front of thegarage. An auto which nad gottembeyond the control of the driver, raninto another machine standing nearwhere Mr. Webber was sitting,smashing the fender. The car thenswerved to the1 middle of the street,and in making a wild turn to theright, struck Mr. Webber's chair,being stopped by coming in contactwith the curbing of the street atthat point. Mr. Webber was bruisedabout the head and hands, but wasnot seriously injured. The wild ma-chine and its driver escaped in theconfusion that followed.While endeavoring to avoid a collision with a machine approachingfrom another direction, the machinein which Coleman Williams and Rankin-Parker, Miss Jennie James, ofParis, and her cousin, Miss ChristineKenley, of Georgetown, were returning from Millersburg, was. overturned and went into a ditch at the sideof the road. The occupants of themachine were pinioned beneath theoverturned machine, Miss Kenley sustained a broken collar bone and afracture of the left arm. but thothers escaped with only a shakingup and slight bruises. The accidentoccurred on the Maysville pike at apoint about two miles from Paris.The machine, which was considerablydamaged was brought to Paris, aswere the injured people, who weresent to their homes.REFRESHING SHOWERS BRDfGRET.TrTF TO PARCHED EARTH.Refreshing showers of the pastfew days have broken the serious'drouth which has prevailed for thepast three weeks. The drouth wasespecially severe in some sections ofthis county, where springs, andbranches had completely dried" upand pastures scorched by the ilerceAugust sunshine.Late corn, potatoes and some garden truck were helped by the recentrains, but the earlier corn has mostlymatured, and the rain, therefore,came too late to benefit it. The tortiacco continues to mature prematurely, and much of it is being cutto save it, but what is left is improved by the late rains. There hasbeen no plowing as yet for the fallplanting. Pastures, which were almost entirely destroyed during thedrouth, are again shining green. Thefall pasturage will mean a big saving"in food stuff for the winter.to to toJUDGE HOWARD NAMED AS ELEC-TION COMMISSIONER.At the rcent meeting of the StateElection Commission, held in Frankfort to elect Republican county elec-tion commissioners, Judge BL Clay'Howard, of Paris, was selected forBourbon, county. The Democraticcommissioners were selected at thfemeeting held in Frankfort on. Aug.J. t. a.z tue time the list of Repuhli-con commissioners had mot been prepared by the Republican State Committee. -to to to-1LADIES' SWIMMING TOURNAMENT. The ladies' swfmming class of theY. M. C. A., under the direction ofMiss Harriet Rogers, will hold a competitive swimming tournament in theY. M. C. A. swimming pool on. Fri-day nighf, Sept. 6, at 8 p. m. Admission is free, and for ladies only.The feature of the eyening will be anexhibition of life saving.John H. Turner, Co. 3, 15th Reg.Camp Paul Jones Great Lakes, JIllinois."Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turney re-,ceived a telegram Saturday after-''noon from their son, 'Private JackTurney, at New York City, stating" 'that he was leaving there at two""o'clock on a big transport hound for t,roverseas. Mr. Turney was recently lftransferred from Ft. Benj. Harrisom '"to an Eastern army camp. "tcMrs. Graham Edgar, wife of Dr,"7Graham Edgar, formerly of Paris,?who has been spending the summerin Lexington with her mother, Mrs.Alfred Marshall, left Sunda-forWashington, D. C, to join her'hue-w "band. Dr.Edgar recently arrived Ja.Washington from California, to' tale :'up war work for theGovernme3ixithe Chemical Division of the service' J- ,vyjnaa. u. Kitcme, who Is stationed .at the Norfolk, Va., navy yard'aVmember of the Marines, is horn oma furlough to visit h'is narenta. "Mr.and Mrs C. C. Ritchie, near Hutck-ison.ivuu6 luuuuic sukyo uis oJjmin. the nary 'service are wodrimgwhen they will ret a . cbaM tn VLshow the Boches what they oa& do ' Jiin the war of feetf! ttii-rfio - Yn "i .... ...r.fc5.tyjw;r' v1ii 1I?ui3 1eJLstb-.j"- , .-;.-"Vy-."eMft TWO'IKE BOURBON NEWSCrfrtlished 188136 Yetxs of Com-tumous ruDucmnonPublished Every Tuesday and Fridayer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adarance.HWIFT CHAMP, EdIUr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theaharaoter, standing or reputation of;mj person, firm or corporation whichaay appear in the columns of THEaK)TJRBON NEWS will be gladly corefced if brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATES. display Advertisements, $1.00 per-tech for first time; 50 cents per inch'4&ch subsequent insertion.'''Reading Notices, 10 cents per linefiachfcIssue; reading notices in black"type, 20 cents per line, each issue.3fJrd of thanks, calls on canditetesilobituaries and resolutions, andjQtoQllir matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The Tight of publisher is reservedio decline any advertisement or otherttiatter for publication., tAnnouncements for political officesvtcrast invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- - This paper has enlistedwith the government in thecause of America for the..period of the wara-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.V -''"' All Yanks Now.At the recent meeting of Morgan's"""" Men at Olympian Springs, Capt.Stephen G. Sharp, of Covington, waselected President for life. In accepting the honor he took occasion tocall attention to the unanimity withSrhich. the boys who wore the grey inlf861 are supporting the flag theyopposed then.There is no pro-Germanism or suspicion of lukewarmness among them.'Inact the zeal of the ex-Confeder--xates ifor the Stars and Stripes and" -therglory of our common country is'wBOticeable in any gathering when-s-Tone -happens to be where the war is"fdisausseVi. 'The once "rebels" areanew Jrue "Blue patriots and none are' anore aoyal. And in this connectionIt is TROticeable that the American-- .'soldiers fighting on the other sideare referred to by their English and' "French allies almost entirely asYankees."- -The nickname, "Sammies," suggested and used when our boys firstwent over has been dropped, it'seems, by common consent, and""Yanks" they are and proud of it.irAnd that the sons of ex-Confederatesshould be known as "Yanks," andSlory in the name and all that itjBieana to-day , is but another evidencessKyi. the single-minded devotion to at 'etaifed-'North and South, "one flag,s. nttttecountry, forever and indivisible,""- tfut is found throughout the lengthv pud breadth of the land, whethernorth or south or the Mason ana--V.-U1XCton line.4.'-. .-Public Needn't Be Damned."' Director. General McAdoo.has gone l-rJ-straigttt to the point in an order- -oorierjigthe- matters .of courtesy and-politeness, and he declares that-thepublic be damned' policy will? In no circumstances be tolerated onthe Tailroaas under Government con' ttrol." Likewise excuses such as?'Uncle Sam's running roads," orr- """McAdori's orders," are classed asreprehensible. Mr." McAdoo believes" - that the increase of $475,000,000 inrailroad wages per annum, and theconsequent increase in passenger andfreight rates entitles the public,among other things, to be treated"" courteously, faithfully and efficiently." The Government acquired 2,000," OOO new employes when it took overthe railroads. The express companiesliave furnished about 75,000 new'Government employes, and the tele--ptioneand telegraph companies aret supplying 350,000 more.1 "Work or Eight."' The American Federation of Laborhas characterized the legislationwithdrawing the deferred classifica--""lion from men absent from work--'Without cause" as a "deceptive-. --method" of labor conscription. Secretary Morrison, who is regarded as' "Samuel Gompers' right-hand man," aIed the attack on the measure be-fore Congress. He declares that'"labor has kept the faith," and that"labor conscription is not asked by- ' the' Government and is not neces-!-." The labor situation is Regarded as"' -.of such great importance that theWar Labor Policies Board has issueda. Request to the Governors of allStates to send representatives to'Cfishington the last of September,;SEorHhe puTposeof devising plans forState and Federalco-operation in'dealing Hth teustrtal problems.lit?. V - m?TheSkip-Stop and J the GoatThe skip-stop has been tried outon the goat, and the goat is betteroff on account of the experiment.The skip-stop is an innovation instreet-car travel, and is accomplishedby cars stopping only at specifiedblocks, several squares apart, and indicated for the convenience of thepublic by signs, or markers. Thegoat is Washington, the NationalCapital; where schemes and devicesfor saving time, power and energy,are worked out by Federal officials.The skip-stop is to be introducedon electric lines throughout thecountry, if the plans of the Fuel Administration are carried out. TheAdministration claims that two million tons of coal can be saved in ayear by the skip-stop and the installation of power-saving devices.Seven-Cent Newspapers.Sunday editions of the Philadelphianewspapers have been advanced toseven cents. Among the papers arethe Curtis publications. All thenewspapers except one in Washington have advanced their price to twocents per copy for week-day editions.Bread, soap, fruits, candies, formerlyfive cents, have climbed to seven andeight cents. The nickel is being supplanted by prices representing thehigher-cost of living.to to 1SELECTIVE DRAFT BOARD MAZESIMPORTANT RULING.. Radical changes have been madein the ruling with respect to deserters. Bulletins setting out thechanges have been forwarded to thelocal draft boards by Major HenryRhodes, chief selective service department. Attention is called to thefollowing changes:First All deserters (wilful andnon-wilful) must be subjected to aphysical examination upon their appearance before a local board, unlessa recent record of such examinationis already in the possession of theboard.Second Deserters are dividedinto eight classes or groups withdefinite procedure for each class.Local boards are instructed tocall the attention of the nearestUnited States district attorney tocases where he board is of the opinion that the desertion is so flagrantas to demand punishment.The following amendments havebeen made to the order relating toregistrants who, after the time setfor their induction into military service, .attempt to evade the call:Any registrant who fails to report for military duty under induction orders, whether issued by theAdjutant General of the State, or whofails to entrain for a mobilizationcamp pursuant to orders, or who absents himself from the party enrouteto a mobilization camp, or otherwiserefuses or neglects to proceed to thecamp as ordered, shall be classed asa deserter and will be subject topunishment by court martial.A change has been directed inmeal tickets, seventy-five cents being allowed instead of sixty cents.5 PHPRESIDENT COMMENDS TRAINING OF MAIMED.The August issue of "Carry On," amagazine on the reconstruction oi;disabled soldiers and sailors, whichis edited by the office .of SurgeonGeneral Gorgas, with the purpose ofinteresting the public in the problemof re-educating men maimed in thewar, carried the following word ofcommendation from the President:"The White House, Washington.."There is no subject which deserves more immediate or earnestconsideration than the subject of thephysical, reconstruction of, disabledsoldiers. It - must be gratifying tothe. country that broadly conceivedplans with regard to this -matter arebeing not only, developed, .but carriedoqt, and Impersonally welcome everyinstrumentality which is being usedto" bring-about the proper executionof such plans."WOODROW WILSON."to to faPICTURING THE WAR FOR PEOPLE AT HOME.The story of the Government's policy and activities in pictorializingthe war, not only for record and information, but for morale at homeand for combating the German lie inother countries of the world," is toldIn a report which Secretary Bakerhas laid before Congress. It is in reply to a resolution of inquiry regarding motion and still pictures of theAmerican Expeditionary Force andof the military preparations at home,and it shows a comprehensive systemof picture activity devised by theCommittee on Public Information andapproval by the War Department.The picures are taken by SignalCorps units and are shown in thousands of motion-picture houses undercontract on a commercial basis tohelp pay the committee's expense Inmotion-picure propaganda.Becauser of the war Scotland hasbeen cutting down a great manytrees to supply its own needs. Muchof the land thus cleared will eventually be used for agriculture.to to toCanada possesses a forest larger inarea than tlie whole of England,Scotland and Wales . p,ut together.This forest is in the Hudson Bayregion and is a thousand by seven-teen hundred miles in extent.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,botjA nirahe:oupltoC&ijnty.farmers met atthUgoiirt 'Hquie ffedinesday evening liuresponte tb callissued by .the National Council ofDefense, and steps were taken togreatly increase Bourbon County'sacreage of wheat next year.Chairman Arthur B. Hancock, ofBourbon County Council of NationalDefense, being absent from Paris, themeeting was called to order- by Mr.John T. Collins. After stating thepurpose of the meeting, the farmerspresent went on record as favoringa greatly increased acreage of wheatnext year and pledged themselves tosow a larger acreage regardless ofprices or other conditions.Although Bourbon County farmersresponded patriotically this year bygrowing the largest acreage of wheatever grown in the county, they willfurther increase their acreage thisfall in order to exceed the seven percent increase' now asked by the government. Chairman Collins presented a listof farmers from the different precincts in the county, who have agreedto make a farm to farm canvass withpledge cards asking that every farmerincrease his acreage of wheat thisfall by at least seven per cent. Thefarmers will be called upon by members of the committee and will beasked to sign a pledge card, statingthe acreage of wheat just threshedby them, and indicating what increase they will sow this fall. Members of the committee were suppliedwith patriotic gate signs showing thatan increased acreage oi wneat is tobe grown on that particular farm.The committeemen named aregiven below, the first named in eachprecinct being designated as Chairman. Paris Edward Burke, S. KenneyNichols, J. M. Hall, W. B. Allen. M.,P. Collier, N. F. Brent, F. P. Kiser,uucKner Woodford. (J. K. Thomas.James McClure, J. Hal Woodford, L.ivi. vannooK.Little Rock James Caldwell. S.Ray Burris, R. H. Burris, EdsellClark, Fmley Burns, Everett Hopkins, J. E. Boardman, Sam Clay,Thos. Redmon, Thos. Buckner. W.M. Rogers, Houston Crouch, yf. T.Parker, Frank Collins.Millersburg W. D. Mclntyre, Letton Vimont, John Marr, J. P. Redmon, E. P. Wagoner, C. R. Rankin,Sanford Carpenter. John Leer. C. B.Layson, Jos. Plummer, Talbott Bros.,T. W. Current, W. F. Sanders, J. T.Jefferson, Alex Miller.Ruddles Mills Jack Cunningham,Jas. Fisher, Amos Turney, Jr., Geo.Current, Jas. Connell, Geo. Wyatt,Jr., Geo. K. Redmon, John Marston,Dick Marsh.Centerville John Clay, Vol Ferguson, Stanhope Wiedemann, H. H.Chinn, Sam Houston, Squire Shropshire, Joe Leach, A. P. Adair, JonasWeil, Hub. Clifford.Hutchison Jas. Thompson, JohnBrennan, Robt. Meteer, Forrest Letton, Wm. Ardery, M. R. Jacoby, MattBedford, Hugh Ferguson, D. G.Taylor, John Wiggins, Jas. Wilmott,Frank Collier.Clintonville Lee Stephenson,Luther Rice, W. W. Haley. A. S.Thompson, Jas. Woodford, Thos. H.,iiay, jr., .Brooks Clay, Varden Shipp,Letcher Weathers, John Woodford.North Middletown John T. Collins, L. D. Mitchell, H. S. Caywood,John W. Jones, L. H. Bryan, J. W.Young, Jr., W. H. McCray, DavisPatrick, C. C. Clarke, W. A.- Thomason, Ben Buckner, Charlton Clay,Ben Woodford, Clay Gaitskill.The pledge below will be presented to every farmer in the county forhis signature.Food Production Campaign:Extension Division, College of Agriculture, University of Kentuckyand theUnited States Department of Agriculture Co-operatingIn the performance of my duty asa patriotic citizen of the UnitedStates of America I promise to sowr-z-kz- acres of wheatin 1918.I SOWed rr nfwheat in 1917.DateSignedAddress .A red. white and blue -Dlara-rd willbe given each farmer to tack on hisfront gate, which reads as follows:Tk. Placard:This Farm is Serving Our Country, jlwj owner nag agreea to sowacres of wheat thisyear to help win the war.aigneaHOUSEKEEPERS GLAD OF NEWFOOD ADMINISTRATION ORDERHousekeepers, as well as the greatcommon people, who have been subsisting for some time on "Victory"bread, will hail with keen delight,the order of the National Food Administration partly releasing themrrom tne oDservance of the wheat-less days program which has heldthem aloof from hot biscuits andother good things made from wheatflour.Beginning with yesterday Victorybread containing only about twentyper cent, of substitutes, will be offered to the housekeepers. This breadwill be made from new wheat flourwhich will have only twenty per cent,substitute cereals in it. Simultaneously the old fifty-fifty rule wherebyhoueskeepers who purchased ane'qual amount of rye, barley, Grahamor corn flour -has been abolished andwith this goes the wheatless day andwheatless meal.As announced by Mr. Fred M. Saekett, State Food Administrator forKentucky, the food authorities of theUnited States, England, France andItaly have agreed upon the universaluse of Victory bread, containingtwenty per cent, substitute that agreater conservation of wheat maybe made this coming year. It is onlyjust, Mr. Hoover says, that the "Unit-ed States should bear its share inthis saving and that our bread shouldbe, at least universal withthose whoare suffering more greatly from thewar than ourselves.England has an organization called the Zetetical Society, the members:of which believe the worhif to be flatlike the pancake, instead! of roundlike aa orange.KY.wSSsmmMmREGISRAjQQgpHEN WEEKiEverytbiig ki readiness forRestratiomv Wik,CSept. 3-10. TheDivision Chairmen and1 registrarshave received their final instructionsfrom the County Chairman, Mrs. E.F. Clay, and the work will move onsystematically until the entire woman-power of the county, aged 16years and over, has been ascertainedand tabulated.As before stated, no obligation isattached to this registration, and nowoman. will be expected to give publicservice uniess sne is penecuy winingto do so. " No fee will be charged.The registration campaign is in thehands of the following well knownwomen:Division No. 1 Chairman. Mr. M.I H. Dailey.Centerville Miss Nancy Griffith.Houston Mrs. Willie Lou Squires.Clay's Cross Roads Miss AnnieClay.Ford's Mill Mrs. Grant Galloway.Division II Chairman, Mrs. Jas. McClure.Palmer Mrs, George Current.Kiser and Shawhan Miss TillieLaRue.Ruddles Mills and Eals Mrs. PattyC. Endicott.Division III Chairman, Mrs. W. O.HintonrMcllvain Mrs. James Fisher.Colville Mrs. KennedyPurdy Mrs. John Purdy.Tarr Mrs. Amos Turney.Millersburg Mrs. Mack Grimes.Division IV Chairman,.- Mrs. Dunca Bell.Deaver Mrs. J. D. Booth.Letton Mrs.- Etta R. Young.Burris and Little Rock Mrs.Roger Burris.Cane Ridge Mrs. Sairo Clay.Division V Chairman. Mrs. J- T.Va'nsant.North Middletown Mrs. Allie S.Dickson.Spears Mill Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr-Stony Point Mrs. Harry B. Clay.Escondida Mrs. Lee Stephenson.Divisioa VI Chairman, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft.Bethlehem Mrs. John Bell.Dudley Mrs. Wm. Dudley.Hutchison Mrs. Robert Meteer.Monterey Mrs. J. H. ThompsonClintonville Mrs. Charlton Alexs-ander.DIARRHOEA IN CHILDREN.For diarrhoea in children one yearold or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a doseof castpr oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)FORD OFFERS 31 PLANTS FORUSE OF GOVERNMENT.The Ford Motor Company hasoffered the thirty-one assembling andservice plants in' various parts of thecountry to the Government. Gasmasks are being made in one of theEastern plants, it is said.FOR RENT.Four-room cottage on Harmonavenue. Gas for lighting and heating. Water in kitchen. Large lot.Apply toMISS CORDIE OWSLEY,(30-3t) 1533 South High St.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Minnie C. Carpenter, Etc., Plaintiff"-Vs. Notice of Sale.Gladys A. Smith, Defendant.Pursuant to an order of sale in theabove styled action, made at thejJune, 1918 term, the undersigned:will,, onSaturday, Sept 7, 1918,on, or near the premises hereinafterdescribed, about the hour of 3 p. m.,expose to public sale the propertylying and being in Millersburg, Kentucky, and described as followstThat certain house and lot inMillersburg, Kentucky, on TriggStreet, fronting thereon 6:0 feet,and running back therefrom' to theCemetery, and adjoining the property of Owen Ingles on one sideand the property of John Leer onthe other, and being the sameproperty conveyed to testator, F.F. Hurst, by Sue James, by deed ofrecord in the office of the Clerk ofthe Bourbon County Court. fLot is about 60 feet front andextends back same width about250 or 275 feet. The residence istwo-story frame, modern and verysubstantial. Four rooms and hallon lower floor; also four roomsand hall above. Good cellar;back porch, latticed in; cementwalk around house; good, cistern;outside summer kitchen; washroom and coal house, new stableand buggy house or garage; somefruit trees.TERMS Sale will be made uponcredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the- purchase money,the purchaser to execute two bondsof even date with sale, with goodsurety to be approved by the .Master,and bearing interest at the rate of6 per annum from date and due insix and twelve months as aforesaid.O. T. HINTON,Master. Commissioner Bourbon Circuit. Court.(aug20-27-sept3) t?LADf XATBIAL HOB BESTWWES8KrNMM1-r"1"Costs-Biit afractita What WeakerPreprationifeu otA SpoonfulfcTtf aGlanSf Water a Dose.The absolute proof that medicinaliron would help the blood andstrengthen people wonderfully hascaused many chemists to perfectmore or less efficient iron tonics andmore or. less efficient tablets.For most people, however, the writer would say that just plain highlyconcentrated Acid Iron Mineral isbetter, far cheaper and stronger andgoes from two to six times as far.A bottle of Acid Iron Mineral, kepthandy and a teaspoonful poured in aglass of drinking water after meals,makes a delightful, very unusual andhighly beneficial tonic and strengthened and if the blood needs enrichingand purifying it would be hard tofind anything that does it better orrids the system of rheumatism andkindred ailments quicker than justplain concentrated Acid Iron Mineral,which is the name for non-alcoholicnatural iron.It also has a beneficial effect uponappetite and digestion, and the kid-neys soon show its effects.(Note: ) A-I-M does not act as alaxative and should one be needed tostimulate the liver or bowels a goodlaxative tablet like A-I-M Liver Pillsis recommended. (adv-T-tf)For Sale by. BROOKS & SNAPP.COLORS OF HATS TO BESTRICTED NOW IRE-Restriction and curtailment of variety in styles, colors, shapes, weightsand trimmings of fur and felt hatsfor men and women for the springof 1919 was announced by the WarIndustries Board following a conference with manufacturers.Colors of fur felt hats for bothwomen and men will be restricted tonine and wool felt hats td twelve.Men's hats will be restricted to black;two shades of brown, two of green,two of steel and pearl and Belgianblue.Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bourboncounty. Privilege to seed this fall.None but perfectly reliable partiesneed apply. Money rent.W.,E. HIBLER,312 E. High Street,(6-tf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS,C2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Are You Deaf?If you are unable to hear ordinary conversation, call at myoffice and let me demonstrate theACOUSTICONone of the best electric hearinginstruments on the market to-4day.Dr. Wm. Riley FrankliiSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which We guarantee the hestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, ?1.10 pen- hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per, hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, '23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass,. 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. Ts.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.All P. O; B. Lexington.We also -purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highrest price. Send us samples.SPEYBR fc SON,Lxlacton, Ky.TUESDAY, SBPTEMBIR 3, ljgMISS IIIZAIXTH 1. GILTJRat,Piaxo aid Vialim,Studio 227 Serenth Street.Term Opens Septemter 2, 191$,PARIS, ZY.(13atfg-lmo)Margolen'sSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUsanOrdcrMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSummerClearanceSale!Silk BlousesValues up to $5.00Special$3.49PARASOLS, valuesup to $2.00HATS98c.50cPUMPS ANDOXFORDS..$1.99Silk SkirtsValues up to $10.00Special$4.95Twin Bros.Departmeat StoreMain and 7th Paris,. Ky.JWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEYS WORTH!Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; be.cause titie fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.UkstixgbONse Jmhave proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonareinoneysaver., ,Paris Gas & Electric Co.v;,-!'C:tsTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER S, 191tTH1 BOTJMON NIW8. fAMS. XI,"IIIILETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORS .isisisisisftmmmhhmnnnnnnnninnnMiiUnder date of Aug. 28, Nathan H.Bayless, Jr., writes to correct a "little mistake" which crept into theParis papers, as follows:"Camp Lee, Va,"THE NEWS: I see in the Parispapers that I have been promoted toFirst Lieutenant. I only wish it wastrue, and. it may, of course, be soborne time, but it hasn't come alongjust yet. I am yet a long way frombecoming a First Lieuteant. I havebeen picked out of my company fora farrier in the Sixteenth Veterinarian Hospital Unit. That ranks asa First Sergeant 1 am in firstclass health and feeling just fine ....Hvae been receiving THE NEWSvery regularly. I would hate to missa single copy of it. I am especiallyinterested in your 'In The Service'department, as it gives the news ofte boys from home, and what theyare doing.... We have been issuedcur overseas equipment and are expecting to leave here for somewheren France some time in the earlypart of September. .. .Uncle Sam iscertainly very good to us here, andthere is not a thing to complain of.The boys all sepm to be very well satisfied. With regards, I am,"Very Truly Yours,"NATHAN A. BAYLESS,"16th Veterinry Hospital Unit, Veterinary Training School, CampLee, Virginia."Away up in Jack London's country, the Puget Sound district, theBourbon county boys who left heresome time ago, the "misfits," as theyare pleased to call themselves, areactive in Uncle Sam's service. Thefollowing letter is from one of them,Mr. William E. Mitchell, under datecf August 25:7- - . "Joyce, Washington."THE NEWS: At last the promised letter that I was going to letjou have. Sorry to say I haven'tgathered as yet all the material forthat Jack London story you wantedne to write 1 have just gottenttled down, and found out 'where1 am at' Please do not make anarticle out of this, as it is protectedby all kinds of copyrights .... We hada most wonderful trip coming West,and the entire crowd seemed to enjoy it very much. Of course, as youknow, good friends cannot stay together always, and our crowd wassoon broken up. I stayed in Vancouver fifteen days, and then received orders to leave for the talLtimber, and accordingly made my deUparture on Sunday last JakSaloshin left on Saturday ahead"ofme. We got word that he was leav-fully. We have moments for bathing and swimming and the peopleare lovely to us. Tell brother thefirst place I visited was the home ofCharles Dickens. He used to laughat me so much about the books. Itwas just as I had imagined it Pleasetell every one to write to me and tellme all the home news."Love to all, write soon."SISTER."My address is"MARY K. STONE, A. N. C."U. S. Army Base Hospital No. 40,American Expeditionary Forces,England."The following letter has been received-by Mr. and Mrs. Harry O.James from their nephew, Mr. JasonRedmon, son of Mr. and Mrs. CastleN. Redmon, of near Paris:"West Point, Ky.Aug. 25, 1918."Dear Uncle Harry and Aunt Annie:"We are entraining to-day, butthe train that takes my outfit hasbeen delayed a few hours."I was out to see them off thismorning and it was about the saddestsight I ever saw. The bands wereplaying and the boys all in highspirits, but the women were cryingand wanting to get up to the trainit kept the guards busy."I had a very busy day yesterday.I had charge of the transportationand it kept my field train busy allday and the last load went aboardafter midinight"I am supply officer for one of thetrains to New York. I received thecigarettes and a thousand thanks. Iexpect to smoke them on theway from New York to Liverpool.Our regiment is loaded and we gonext."Give my regards to all."JASON."THECOUNTRY STILLTHEM GREEN.GROWSre-Ing, so the rest of us hung aroundto give him a last farewell. It surewas an ideal night for such a thingto happen. A real dark night and alight rain drizzling down. Made usfeel kind of creepy. You could seethe boys running arougd in ths campmaking preparations jbr thelmfvi.Soon time came and v$ ,gare shhearty handshake, fandt; the bojemarched away 3?he, crowd 'lhatttleft with moved in the daytime a-!did not attract so niuch a&entipnOur first ride was y rail" to Seattle.There we took a steauidk- for PbrtAngeles, located oh the opposite sideof Puget Sound, which, by the way,is some body of water. We then tookthe train to JoyceWashington. Remained there about five 4ays, and"then started for this placer Took a'truck out of Joyce and rode for fivemiles until we reached Lake Crescent, ferried it for nine miles, andfinally reached camp about one milefrom th eg lake ,My paper is running short, so will close. Will giveyou mor&news next time. With regards to Everybody. :J"W;M. E. MITCHELL,"Care B; L. Crooks' Camp No. "3,Joy ce, gVashington."flprpT r :3 ! isA certain husky, raw-bonedcruit from an interior town reachedCamp Upton recently and broughtforth two sets of boxing gloves. Heconfided,tto his comrades that he wasa mighty fine boxer and that "backhome" he had thrashed everybodywho had tried conclusions with him.This declaration, naturally, was anmvitatirniand aU promptly professptJ to know nothing of Che maWlyartkind askeu cif he woula be. willing togive them a little instruction.Flattered, the youth stated hiswillingness to oblige, and the following day was set for the lesson.The pupils promptly hunted up Benny Leonard, the lightweight cham-Mrs.lowingThos.Taul received the fol-letter a few: daivs aso fromher daughter, Miss Mry K. Stone,who is m England with the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40:"Dear gramma: Suppose it 'willce a long time beforet you get this.letter. Lam well and doing fine, theclimate is agreeing with -me wonder-WJlf W11Uictor a.to AmininformIt lesson tand hea 1wn fin, hf place.L titBetKas and is the boxing iton. ancftarrangea ihe rthata vegreeI -Titurn eft ?aecruiH.. J-um ulllci rofcorrmyMM4Wrv ?,fisn"fVMinB- mum. isSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goiigs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Stanley Bagby is a guestof friends in Covington.Mrs. M. M. Bacon and children,of North Middletown, are guests atOlympian Springs.Mrs. Sydney Bryan, of Frankfort, is -visiting relatives and friendsin North Middletown.Mrs. James Chappell is convalescing at her home near Paris, aftera recent severe illness.Mi;s. Anna McDougle, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Mayme Parrish on Houston avenue.Mr. Charles T. Stone left Sunday for a visit to his daughter, Mrs.Harry Bowman, in NewportMiss Mattie Whaley is a guestof her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood,and Mr. Wood, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Thomas H. Wells, of nearParis, will leave to-day for a visitto relatives in Ft. Wayne, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Ballard, ofNewport, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.W. M. Ballard, on South Main street.Mrs. Robert Carr and Mrs. Geo.Rowland have returned from a visitto friends and relatives in Cincinnati. Police Judge Ernest Martin andMr. Walter Martin atttended theLaurel County Fair at London, lastweek.Miss Freida Heller has gone toNewport to resume her duties as amember of the Newport High Schoolfaculty.Miss Evelyn Lloyd, guest ofMrs. W. B. Woodford, near Paris, hasreturned to her home in Masoncounty.Miss Elizabeth Wyatt has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after a visit to relatives in Paris andthe county.Rev. R. M. Hopkins and family,of Covington, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John T. Collins, near NorthMiddletown.Misses. Margaret and ClaraHighland, of Covington, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Jos. James, of Parrish avenue.Mrs. John C. Merringer has asguest at her home on South Mainstreet, her sister, Miss Bessie Haun,of Cincinnati.Misses Stella May Ballard andKatherine Connelley, have returnedfrom a visit to Miss Margaret Woods,in Cincinnati.Ms. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin anddaughter, Blanche, have returnediiuiii u. viijic lu ivi.i. xi iiiin munid,in Faifview, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Wellingand c'nildren were recent guests' ofthe latter's mother, Mrs. HenryHuerkamp,in Cynthiana. ".. Mr. and Mrs Gus Margolenlave IjeasVd and will move to the' Bryan cottage at corner of Walkeravenue and Eighth street.Mrs. Wm. Shire is visiting hersister-in-law, Mrs. Max Straus, inCincinnati. Mrs. Straus was formerly1Miss Nettie Shire, of Paris.Mrs. J. T. Minary, Jr., and little daughter, of Louisville, areguests of Mr. and Mrs.' John J. Redmon, ear North Middletown.- t- nj t .11 -ira, jtteynoius laviivn unanutfthe W-henfLeonerd-s- i er ! .i t t. jtwas brought before hito back out, stating that he couldn't4hink of boxing with a iga so much?stnaller-than-himseif. ,v VLeoriard," however, insisted thatthe lesson go on, and each put on hisgloves. During the "lesson" Bennynever struck a blow, but contentedhiself with feinting, ducking, dogd4ng ami blocking' until the volunjtee.'teacher t was t so exhausted with I hisown efforts "that he could scarcelystand. 'He stopped finally'",! congratulated the champion on hs showing,Vsaid that he 'did very well "for anamateur," fand,thenmade4us way .to,the barracks and ? to bed. When,la'ter, he 'was informed of the identityof his -antagonist, he said severalthings more or less complimentaryto" those i who' had putraip the job' onhim and sent the gloves to his home.it!KEO. W. DAVISS4r, RUNfRL DIRECTORMotor Euipmnt -; BOTH PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KjetfII'''x T!ii!!JUHELP WIN THE WAR !I3 if' mlV 3XSpend your vacation on the farm helpina harvest ,the 'American crb'p, ttfen take the proceeds of this labor .and purchase 'War Savings Stamps!(Telephone your farmex-friend. fie .wilL Jje .glad to,heargfrom you"PARIS HOiTjffiEPiliNl feTEUriMAPfrtior.t M V "" c: Incorporated.)J-J.iT-EATCH.fVir.tcos-tV?'W. Jff. CANNON,I 'fistrict Hanaeer - VO ' QiHiUrer VCOMKmiTY ' "GABBEHf B0YSPRESENTED WITH-HEDAIS;Twenty-two young Paris bovs.ranging in age from 10 to 16 years,have been presented with bronzemedals by the Agricultural Educational Department of the U. S. Government, in recognition of their efforts in successfully growing wargardens during the present year. TheemDiems nave the letters "U. S. G.S." thereon, meaning U.VS. GardenService, and are rirized hicrhlv bv theyoung gardeners.The boys, working under Mrs. Harriet P. Minaker, of the Health &Welfare League, have industriouslycultivated several acres of land on theLexington pike, near Paris, this year,and each produced a quantity ofvarious vegetables, including corn,tomatoes, potatoes, cabbage, cucum-Ders, ueans, peppers, sweet potatoes,carrots, onions, turnips, etc.These young: men had narcela ofground allotted to them varying insize from 50 feet square and up, andeacu UJ. me Doys raised a mostcreditable war garden, in many casesharvesting more vegetables thanneeded by them for the winter, anda quantity of vegetables were sold.The ground on which the gardenswere grown was generously donatedto Mrs. Minaker, for the boys, by E.P. Spears & Son, the Paris seed andflour merchants.In recognition of their faithfulwork in raising their gardens, Mrs.MmaKer has announced that she willgive the young men an outing onoioner ureeK, near the (JhippewaClub grounds, on Wednesday, Sept.3, beginning at two o'clock. Mrs.Minaker has arrangdda program including races for the boys as follows : , ,TheProgrjrtn: ''''"Potato .race, 75- yard dash.Three legged race', t, Watermelon race. "- u 'Sack race. K , tIn each of the above events suitable, prizes wilL .be awarded to thewinners. During the 'afternoon apicnic lunch will be spread on thegrounds for uthe boys. -The war garden boys, twenty-twoin number, are as follows:John Dundon. ft u 'George Dun.don jf r" "dames uunaon. ,Russell Lenox.Howard Roberts..Alfred Roberts. ,-Albert Wright. ,,Richard Tucker.Willard Tucker.Purnell 'Ma'stin. "'Ke.iney Mastin.Wm. Edwards.Wm. Lytle. !'Denis Harney. '. Marion' Gilkey.Chas. ' Saddler. 'James Turner.,'Alva J Turner., J. T. Knox.Wm. Bowling.Cletis Chipley.Robt. Collins Hall.lf!8 -ihi f - viiiJgHPRThe Lexington College of Musk FAnnounce That mAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio will be announced later. For informa- Hnun auureaa k -jM:$(aug 2-7t-F)MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Director,Lexirftony Kentucky '" i Tf Ttf' f'J,'Individual Instruction Received By 'Students of Fugazzi School li73w"5w0I ''o " y-i c I l'l fi JlInsures Their Success ;c. ;.So says Miss Ada Banahan.'iif a leWWtaSis Fhgizzt ' Jffiwhich we are publishing in 'full below, as it is" typicalb.of " :cthe letters we are receiving all the time frotfi our- 'former" 4lf, istudents. " - ' t i! - . - ?. j m&r.. T - : c s h June 25, 1917. r, ;-f ..Miss Irene Fugazzi, . . , ... r t ' ;M&n. Hi? ugazzi bcnool oi'Business. "r i .-" fc- ",&& wLexington, Ky. L , -lDpar Miss Fn cm 7.7:1 ft ,.Just a few lines -to exure'ss to svou.mv annre 'preciation of wtia't,you anci' vour" excellent school. - i&' r 'have done for me . r 'r . ' Zjh' cI am holding a fine position which you helped' ' ' Mme secure and feel that it was . your thorough, .. :-i6iconscientious training that made me-capable of'; .fe1-noiamft iu -ine inaiviaual instruction and per- i-spz .sonal attention which voii "envfi vonr ctn?aTito in. 3i'tt.TirMsureitheir success. I shall always be glad to , L Wrecommend your school to anyone who desires " ' ! nrv -tobecome really efficient. . -v .- . o; gc iYours very sincerely, "'''k?' -1. ,f . ' AD B'AAHb J;-"..it If you.haye average ability we can do for you what.' jjJCf '.vveuiu ur lyiiss nananan.v)'fe to .isre-from Logan .county, wherecalled Jast jveel? byfftbe( f There Js mpr,e; Catarrh in 'this sec-Jnoiof thet country than all otherdiseases 'put together, and for yearsit was supposed totbe incurable. Doctors prescribed. .local remedies, andby constantly' failing, to cure 'withj3ocal g-eatment, pronounced it incur-HDie. gjatarrn is- a local aiisease,jgreatj- influenced .by constitutional!condions and" therefore' requires. - . 1 r T B .herjtoromr.jMr.iftUli. Mar-jfcpnstautional treatment. Hall's Ga-"-e 151 i .U Vi .'tarrh rvref1irinp mntinfaptnroH hfr V-Bfr.j and Mrs. -Albert qjlUnsandj ij. Cheney & Co., Toledo. Ohio, is atsonMrJ Albfrf Collins; fofL?u-j i constitutional Temedy, is 'taken inter-:Ua .n-irnnrH-nlnf MK OTli) R 1 TS 'I'HrtO 111 i 1 .. jl , . . . i .-.juuiy,-ana acts tnrougntne oiooa onterofvilfe, e"guestsvof Mr. anti Mr. Thrfs.i".elm Clay, at tneir nome on Jciigntnreet.Mrs. May Stoner Clay and daughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay, who returned recently tronr a stay at LaKetJhautauqua, New fork, jire at theHotel Windsor. y vMr. and Mrs. John- R. Owens,and Mr. and MrsJ&ck Owsley andfamily have mqyed Irom Jlarmonayenue to a ,c6ttage on Fefeusonsireet, nearSfe;Verithi Mrs.R&scoe Williams ancfedaugh-... Ifln T'.v Tamw TT711tnmn mynAe., ivi.u?c juuuy ueau y Jinu-iiio, &tcpMrsV Edward Turner and family,near Paris, returned unday to thirhome in Philadelphia. X'Mr. Orie Cottier is a patient atthe Massie Mejtnorial Hospifcal inthis city, where ha recently '"'Underwent an operation Mr. "Collier isimproving very; nicely v,Mrs. Laura Hanly, of Chicago,is a guest of Mrs. Chas. Hnkilf. .Atthe conclusion? of her visit' herye.MrsHanley wilj-'go to Little Rockf Ark.,for a visit pa relatives. '' Mr. alid Mrs. Luther Mclntyre--nana miiq i.unugiuei, mi&s jtucuuaJiA.V.T-i tJ i j c. X,::-iMCiutyre, iye reiuiucu uum u-vidh-,to the fornier's father, Mr. RobertMclntyre, ii Covington. t-Mrs. N&H. pooneandr.daughJ:er, Miss Fraces !Boonef ofArkansasJbity, Ark., ate guests of Mr. andJMrs. Watson Tudy, at their apartments in the Robneel Flats.Mrs. Carrie Rogers uavis anadaughter, Miss Margaret Davis, ofLawrence, Kansas, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. John J. McClintqck, on Duncan uvenue.", Miss Billie Salmders, of Paris,,wasif guest at L;dinngiven-iearLexington by Jvjiss Jessie ArnettRaton, in honor tpf her cousin, Misst m- (IMrWft Arni?tt.(oOTronton. O.Mj-s. EM3. Cleveland and, daughter; Miss Margarets CleYlandhjayeTreturned to tneir nome nBar, icis,Jaftera'visit to relatives anOriedsin Cynthiana and-Harrison coupty)c Mrs. Thos. Purnell andcfaugh-ter, M.iss Bessie Purnell tvltt yriiovetnis-'Wek from Miltersbirg to thisrtt-fir 4-- raciHa Mioa A7iiinall iclmember of the ParHigh SchqDlfaculty. W -'. TMrs. James Thompson, jr, ofnear Paris, attended the entertainTnentTgiven in Lexington by Mrs.'John C. Taylor, in honor of her son,Lieuijf Ca'crol Taylor," ahd his bride,of Jfccadm, Fla. ie.t and Mrs.Tn vlor tvSI return this wifek.Mr. liid Mrsatson Judy andson, T. J. Judy, Mr. and Mrs. Reyjjblds Letton, Mrs. r Logan Howard,alad daughter, Miss" Susan Ho'wardand Mrs. Rfly Clendenin and daughler piss Qjb&tt Louiie Clendenin ,have returnea rrom a stay at jrDMucous Surfaces of the 'system. vOneiiunarea-' 'Dollars reward is offeredfor any case 'that Hall's Catarrh Medicine ails to 'cure'. Send .for circulars ajid testimonials. ' tg !F.LJ. CHENEY !& CO. J,. . . rn Toledo, . Ohio.Soldi by druggiats;f 75c.; i' oHalTs Family fPilisr for constipation. S . . ,?. r ' af , ' .r . : .(sept-adv) ,fr'jtMDW$H i VH BH3RINGSHOWSA NATIONAL ;INSTITUTION,lmi'lm. , .f-AKJoy ;2 Performances Onlyl' m m' n n Ti mVI llr'll'lll ' rifer 1iJ JJ JV, ;X':' '7 k fMrj" s I'tir AAiinT a -runMii.a ui..lit vvvni h inunuuun invtdlliAMUNi drfcvlAL my rCOACHING GIVEN FOR CIVIL SERVCE CANDIDATES. - ., . Send For Frte Catalogue. , "Our catalogue giving full details and. co3t. of .tuition, si',is just off the press. Send or call for your1 copy it is- WS.viree ior toe asiqng.vV 'Xt jBa.orNight Cas4s,7-Sp6'cial Suriurief rates riow.in . fe?".rt 'effect for the Full business Course. . ,r ;m. ll - ?;rI a.For further .information write, ph.onebr call at ihe.' gi?j schooh . c ' ..:-- v . j. i ., , a Vl - V.,.?.:," r ., rr. rr- n ... ... I. Fugazzi . School of BusinessMiss Irene -r ugazzi, Principal' - ''t:HiM&'-J'n . rf1 ,. X'w.-.-. VT, 'ni7N. Upper St Opp.Court House , Lexington, Ky.m,j ,, " ' ''". -; . , r .jp-V ; , .f . IX' iuheiPenctieionShop135 mast main st., off. fhoenix hotelLexington, Kentucky:8 i f & v tt ? i f. i n "StWe Exte0 Cordial IfciidiioiZ Wto ViiUurlewSiore--vranflf SolicitSFonrJ?,'. VPatronage"rnIV-s;rv i warH f ri&&AS&Irt K a imi ' u '. -n . - r-x . 'tj. . Cry,. . --T.- r"-,Vw , .1 m...' 1 r ' . . V :J-9--"L- . t T jTM-I. !L i'GOTS j SUITSy HATS .;cSn3lB.J . . x e- -..J-- H - ? 3 - - . ' -llll - M " . " v .-rM Pi; i. .Bourbon LaundrjS41?a- t -E - ri: 5j klir "aW I 1Elf. C RAVIC JC CITMI D-. :-Telephone No. 4 . - " West Fifh Street tfi, fa -t-j nI III III - in "" T u1M,i; sa ItPji . - I : -.., -.,,: V.Ti AlitithilLtWatestiDro !h U fTv'..lmentiniaunoy"abl3l1anisR 1 iSJLLrjfsasT!A. i".i T 3 i. 1 1 5 ".. ii: v ----' ? i antL expert neipers we are: zz& " ;- S -" A Trfc'narpr?'tr rlr 'irrrh- ife -B- 5X 1SJ- lU JIUTH-T lllll JSIIIII'I I -- " Ji ' .X" -Jli-CscrvJS'gT-i your patronage. k .'Ji';-Kjj z&xm, 33t ,- ,-3s feoi-- r i ai a r "lippttnnvnnviVii ' J- fy.'? ? i a i v i- 4'i5?P " t- TT' tjjim urvtk5?I1. 1IIinyE4-IUOrchard Springs.-T lj' (Other Personals on Page 5i)"mM t T'j3' t- '&& "'THE BOURBON NljjWS, PARIS, IT.tunnnTUESDAT, S1PT1MBBR-3, llfV.it.WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES, -At; 1he Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday tt. D. C. and W. C. T. U."Wednesday -Paris Literary Club.Thursday Woman's Society Methodist church. .Friday Woman's Society Baptistchurch.'"Saturday D. A. R.taking the Voluntary Census. The;organization under the able manage-inent-.Mrs, E. F. Clay, XJountyChairman," is in perfect working harmony and great success is predictedin -the campaign which will end onthe tenth.lTes Ix RELIGIOUS.To Erer Woman a Challenge.America's hour in the war hasstruck. The man-power in. the nation has not been found wanting.The women will answer just asnobly as their "brothers the call fromthe Government to mobilize and dowhat is expected of them to help winthe war. The need for nurses isacute. This means that the RedCross must obtain 1,000 nurses aweek until October 1st. It is notonly duty, but it is mandatory thatevery trained nurse who is capableof serving, should come forward ath once auu urne up ii.ci suaic m tuwlit errtiSLt wnrlr. wnrses are wanted"over there!' and at the cantonmenthospitals here at home. The members of the Army Nurse Corps will beplaced above . alf non-commissionedofficers. The pay for these nurses willhe $60.00' per month for services"over here" and $70.00 per monthfor like work "over there," withmaintenance and training expenses.Those who are not eligible for foreign service should come forward andenroll for a Home Defense Nurse andthereby relieve the local nurses forwork in the foreign field. Graduatesof woman's colleges and high schoolsshould enroll as student nurses inliospitals or in Army School of Nursing. Either course will lead to thecoveted title of "Graduate Nurse."Enroll you are vitally needed.There can be no greater, no noblergift to your country in this supremehour than to give your services inthis manner.Registration days are to-day,Wednesday v and Thursday. Allgirls, 16 years of age and over areeligible. ENROLL.Liberty Choruses are being organized, all over the country for thepurpose of building up and maintaining civilian morale through community singing. Paris, as she is andhas been, is among the first cities toorganize in this work, and now hasoneof the largest and best organizations of this character in the State.Much interest is being manifested inthis patriotic body. All membersare requested to attend every meeting. Already about ten beautiful patriotic songs haye been learned andadmirably sung by the organizationand two new ones are being rehearsed at each meeting The boys aresinging all these songs in the Camps.Let us follow their example, bringyour books to the singing and join inthe chorus.Plans have been under way forsome time for the holding of the annual convention of the KentuckyState Sunday School Association atAshland, Ky., October 8 to 11. Thereare over 4,000 Sunday Schools inthe State, and each school is entitled to send a delegate to the convention. The convention is for allschools of every denomination in theState.The Kentucky annual Conference of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, will be held this yearin Cynthiana, Ky., beginning to-morrow,Wednesday, September 4, andremaining in session over the following Monday. Bishop Collins Denny,of Richmond, Va., will preside overthe sessions of the conference andwill preach on next Sunday morning.The total attendance of ministersand laymen at the conference is expected to be more than 200.The six Presbyteries of theSynod of Kentucky of the SouthernPresbyterian church, will hold theirregular fall meetings during themonth of September. The following are the dates and places of meeting: Louisville "Presbytery at Morrison church, in Hancock county,September 24 to 26; Ebenezer Presbytery at Millersburg, September 10to 12; Muhlenburg Presbytery at theLester Memorial church, in Christiancounty, September 17 to 19; Paducah Presbytery at Henderson, September 17 to 19; Transylvania Presbytery at Stanford, September 17 to19, and West Lexington Presbyteryat Cynthiana, September 17 to 19.Next Sunday, September 8, willbe observed by all the Protestantchurches of the United States as aday of prayer for the schools andcolleges of the land and the youngpeople gathered in them. All pastors are asked to preach special sermons on this date on some phase ofof Christian education, and the Sunday Schools are asked to engage inspecial prayer for God's blessing onJ the educational institutions of thenation.The Woman's Land Army ofAmerica will be represented in Kentucky by Mrs. R. G. Stoner, formerlyof Paris, who is one of the vice-chairmenof the Women's Committee. MissRosalee Sampson, of Shelbyville, istaking training at Wellesly Collegethis summer to prepare herself toorganize units for farm work.The Chairman and Registrars ineach precinct in Bourbon have received their final instructions andwill begin their duties to-day ofWILL CLOSE SATURDAY, SEPT.7, FROM 6 TO 6 O'CLOCK.Our store will be closed on Saturday, September 7, from 6 a. m. to 6p. m. on account of that day being aJewish holiday.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-3t)COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND THE ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, Sept. 3. J. Warren Kerrigan, in "The Turn of aCard," William Duncan and EdithJohnson, in "The Spell of Evil,"sixth episode of "A Fight For Millions." To-morrow, Wednesday, Sept. 4Jack Pickford and Louise Huff, in"Sandy," a lively picture; also aLuke Comedy and Pathe NewsFeature.Thursday, Sept. 5. Mac Marsh,in "All Women;" Mutt and Jeff comedy and Pathe News Feature.THE PARIS GRANDMonday,September &tf X5TMAN H.1 AtirNWTRAVU FESTIVAL fimmmnmmMimn f wUPiNTHEJUlChWITHJPHS) M ARI N ES NSKSgUTIiyiEWCA 7 v"Ijfr WILD ANIMALS 'st:Prices 25c, 35c, 50c and 75cReserved Seats on Sale at the AlamoETox Office.ELKHOWT 3APTIST ASSOCIATIOH-UTRKTSWEIffi TO-MOKROW. - -T ' ;u-vkXbout two hundred delegates andvisitors will be guests of the members of the Baptist church congregation in this city to-morrow, the occasion being the annual meeting othe Elkhorn Baptist Association, ofwhich the Paris church is a member.The meetings of the Association willbe held in the church building, onMain street,, opposite the Y. M. C.A. Dinner will be served f6r the women of the Association in the Y. M.C. A. dining rooms to-morrow andThursday.The initial sessions of the meetingwill be held in the main auditoriumof the church to-morrow morning.The meeting will be called to orderby Moderator J. R. Howard, of Lexington. Letters from the churcheswill be read, and the program andorder of business determined on.Rev. J. S. Randall will preach tlieannual sermon at 11:00 o'clock. Theafternoon session will be devoted tobusiness conferences. At 7:30 p. m.Rev. Dr. F. W. Bberhardt, pastor ofth'e Georgetown Baptist church, anda former pastor of the Paris church,will preach. Twenty-four years agoRev. Eberhardt preached at the annual meeting of the Association heldin this city. To-morrow evening hewill deliver the same sermon hepreached on that occasion. The doctrinal sermon will be preached at11:45 o'clock Thursday morning byRev. -D. M. Austin. The remainderof the day will be devoted to business meetings and conferences. Theservices and meetings are open to thepublic.TS IS IBsSEE FELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)m m ,INDUSTRIAL HEMS LIMITED INUSE OF COAL.Mr. James H. Thompson, of nearParis, Chairman of the BourbonCounty Federal Fuel Administration,is in receipt of an official order fromMr. Wiley B. Bryan, of Louisville,Federal Fuel Administrator for theState, stating that limintations hadbeen placed on all industrial plantsusing bituminous coal, and that theywere effective at once.Mr. Bryan said in his order thatthe demand for coal from the easternsection of the country for the armyand navy use and for thansport service had been larger than expectedand that the administration is required to draw on the Kentucky coalfields to meet this demand that wasat first unexpected. The following isthe order:"Coal in excess of that required forcurrent operations shall be deliveredto plants not" on the preferred list ofthe War Industries Board when it isnot in demand for use before April 1,1919, by consumers on said list,namely, the Federal Government,States, counties, public utilities, retail dealers, for manufacturing plantson the preference list."REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Elias Garrison and sons, ofthis county, purchased through theleal estate agency of Harris &Speakes, of this city, two farms nScott county, located on the Frankfort pike, adjacent to Georgetown,for $55,400. The J. T. Craycraftfarm of 137 acres, brought $191 peracre, and the C. J. Weisenbergerfarm, confining 147 acres, and adjoining the Craycraft farm, brought$200 per acre. They will get possession of both places on March 1, 1918.Mr. C. P. Rawlins, of Fayette county, purchased of Mr. Newton Bishop,brother of Mr. Bush Bishop, of Paris,a farm of 140 acres, located in Woodford county for about $240 per acre,possession to be given in March.Auctioneer M. F. Turney made thefollowing sales in front of the courthouse door yesterday for MasterCommissioner Oscar T. Hinton:The Mrs. Marv S. Weathers farmnear Clintonville, containing seventyacres, to sam weathers, for $8,000;the A. P. Bryan property in NorthMiddletown, to Wakefield & Davis,for $16,750.. fcgs teg tejNOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is erowin&r veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists. It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(aug23-tf)Isj a laMISSIONARY UNION TO MEETHERE TO-MORROW.The Women's Missionary Unionof the Elkhorn Baptist Associationwill meet at the Paris Baptist churchto-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon attwo o'clock. The meeting will be incharge of the new Superintendent,Mrs. J. O. Smith. Addresses will bemade by Miss Louise Tucker, ofShanghai, China, and Miss BerthaMitchell, a home missionary to thelittle Italian children in West Tampa,Florida.S HSEPTEMBER COURT DAY.Yesterday was a rather dull nmirfday, not much stock on the market,and trading rather slow. Severalhundred sheep changed hands at theM. J. Murphy stock pens at goodprices, while at the same place Brannun & J!ox, of Danville, sold twentyfive head of mares at fair prices.There was only a small sized crowdin the city,-4;he farmers being unusually busy with their work. A heavyrain in the afternoon scattered thecrowd in a hurrv. Mfircliatifs-Tonnrffair business and collections good.5H0OTHKJ THEJUQW DANGEB-0UJ3 RAPIDS 11 THE WORLD.i 'iLyman H. Howe's cameramenhave done many daring things to obtain .thrills for the famous HoweTravel Festivals, but their filming ofa-trin through th'e fastest rapids inthe world is one of their most sensational stunts. - This picture, "ACanoe Trip to Kaieteur Falls," is oneof the features of the nev HoweTravel Festival, which comes to theParis Grand on Monday, Sept. 9."A Canoe Trip to Kaieteur Falls"is one of the unusual features of thenew Travel Festival. Other interesting things on the new programare "Up In, the Air With the Marines," the most sensational aviationpicture ever filmed; a ramblethrough Southern France, in naturalcolors; a reproduction of the famousRed Cross l poster, "Greatest Motherin the World," expertly animated inclay; a marvelous "freak" film whichreveals some grotesque and puzzlingscenic distortions; a picturesque tourof old Mexico; and "Captuiang WildAnimals Alive in the Rockies," showing how a famous Montana cowboyfearlessly ropes a savage Canadalynx, puma and black bear with alasso as his only weapon.The usual amusing Howe animatedcaricatures and patriotic film novelties will round out the new program.PUBLIC SALE!I will offer at Public Sale at theFrank M. Clay farm, on Georgetownpike, 4 miles from Paris, onMonday, September 9,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following:One mare, 7 years old; good one;lady broke.One 4 -year-old Jersey Cow, goodmilker; gives ZV2 gallons milk perday.Five Bred Hogs, weight about200 pounds each.One new rubber tire Buggy.One old Buggy.One set new Harness.One Deering 6-shovel Cultivator.One Tobacco Plow.One Double-shovel Plow. ,One Marker.Six hundred yards Canvas, usedthis year only.Lot of Hoes.One new Tobacco Spray.Lot of Tobacco Knives.One new Cross Cut Saw."One Hand Saw.Lot of Hens.Lot of Chickens.Twelve Young Turkeys. NHousehold and Kitchen Furniture.One new Sewing Machine.One Big Range Cooking Stove.Many other things too numerousto mention.TERMS, CASH.JOHN ELDRIRGE.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(3-2t)j- 'FRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSForFriday andSaturdaylvVAnyMUSLINWASH WAISTIn the House211FRANK & CO.mm n in fall diesiFor Men and Young MenG08yriEbtl213. A.U, Eirsrfrtauu Ob,OU MEN AND YOUNG MEN sho&ld startin right now to provide your wants in yourclothes for the Fall season. You couldn'twish for a better assortment of" clothes than weare showing this season. The very latest modelshave been styled in the new fabrics. Beautifulpatterns in new shades of tans, browns, greys andfancy mixtures have been selected to make oursthe best assortment of clothes in town. We havenot overlooked the values, as you will find ourclothes priced less than elsewhere.$12.50 to $40.00j vCfecQKnox and C. & K. HatsIf you buy your Fall hat stamped by either of theabove named makers you are buying the best on themarket. They are" brim full of style in the newtan, grey, green and brown shades. Gopd values andpriced right.$4.00, $5.00, $6.00i R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky.Our Delivery At 4:00 O'clock.r.sv, ."'.. V.'Vt4iMsK .;,-TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1918-- -vm, v -r -v r , e. t.,--.ftfOR THE BESTWOTHINGgLSgFOR SALE.Ohio Fwltz Seed Wheat, thoriMffhlv cleanedSCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)a& TcrtfOOLS BEGIN NEXT WEEK.inrr roro school books nowQhool books are now ready.THEUSUAL RESULT.(it)Mr Rankin Mastin, son of Mr.mhnMasfin, of Paris, sustained afractured right arm when cranking,n automobile. He was taken to-hisjjorae, where the broken membervas set. m sHIGH SCHOOL CATALOGS.Those desiring copies of the Parisq,"h School year book can obtainhem at the Paris Book Store, or atTHE BOURBON NEWS office as longi they last.Es IS ISWILL CLOSE SATURDAYOar store will be closed SaturdayfVm 6 a. m. to 6 p. m., on accountrf Jewish holiday.L. WOLLSTEIN,(Twin Bros.' Clothing Store.")(3-2t).- 'te 135 10tWATERMELON DRIVE.A.n enterprising man with a -bigtrack load of watermelons made ab drive in the luscious fruit Sat-rday. in front of the court house,He disposed "of the entire load atprices ranging from fifty cents to$1.50, and found business goodenough for a time. He also had alarge consignment of canteloupes,v.hicli found ready takers at warprices.to THE FARMERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY.' We invite all farmers of Bourbonrrmtv to see the wonderful Cleveland Tractor. If you are interested,n better and more economical farming, come in and let us show youhat this little wonder is doing forethers. We can demonstrate it tovou any day.C. S. BALL GARAGE.Corner Pleasant and Fourth Sts.m jm wlJEWISH HOLIDAY.Our store will be closed Saturdayuntil 6 p. m. on account of Jewishholiday.TWIN BROS. DEPT. STORE,C. S. Goldstein, Prop.(3-2t)TQ E3 TSDOVE HUNTERS IN FIELDBourbon county sportsmen in largenumbers took advantage of yesterday being Labor Day, a legal holiday, and the opening of the doveshooting season. They spent the afternoon in the fields, reporting verygood success, on their return.County Clerk Pearce Paton was busySaturday renewing hunting licenses.The hunters report the birds, as being plentiful.jaj jmHJGITIVE FROM REFORM'SCHOOLCAUGHT HERE.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings ' and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Ruth Soper is" a guest ofher cousin, Miss Lillian Soper, inLouisville.John Bennett, one of the boys who. School at Greendale. near Lexington, was caught near Hutchison,Friday evening by Chief of PoliceLink, and returned to the school.Bennett and two others, who hadwitnessed a fight between HerbertSmith and Oscar Malone, both inmates of the School, became alarmed-nd decided to take leave. In theght young Smith received a heavyMow in the stomach, causing deathn a Tew minutes. Bennett and theothers were so scared over the tragic2ffair, they decamped rather thance the Coroner's jury.S3 Si EaHAIL DAMAGES TOBACCO,.A heavy wind, rain and hailF'orm passed over sections of thecounty Friday afternoon, doing considerable damage to crops. On thefarm of Mr. Owen L. Davis the hailbeat dnn a crop of six acres of tofccco, upon which Mr. Davis carried"durance. A crop on the farm ofr. A. B. Hancock was slightly damaged by the hail. The tobacco croprn the farm of Mr. Ford Brent alsoOffered. For the first time in thePast ten years Mr. Brent had no in--rance on his crop.Pa P3I INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in theV barn against fire, wind-storm,c. we settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.NOT ALL JOYRIDERS OBSERVEDSUNDAY ORDER.The order of the Government reacting the use of automobiles tonecessary work on Sundays in order? cnserve gasoline, was generallyoeyed in this section. Of course,nere were many exceptions to theffjj- ither through a spirit ofha?Il't"care" or because the PartiesfQ not been reading the papers andJJtt not know the order had been'uea.Tworepresentatives of Paris pa-1 "Is Stood on nno nf fhn mnet nrnTYiiJJJjnt street corners in the city Sun-j. a corner where the" traffic haseen. VerV llPSW JirnriTicr invrWprS fTlrV. - "vi tuuuicu nvcuij-uc ":'"" Passing, which they knewpositively to be occupied by personsno were joyriding, and not using-fleir machines for really needfulimposes. It was both too aarlr andlate for church, so that wks noExcuse.Capt. F.E. Nelson, who has beenvery ill at his home on Eighth street,is improving.Mr. and Mrs. George R. Burberry, have returned, from a visitto Swango Springs.Mrs. John Snyder left Saturdayfor a visit to her brother, Mr. WillWillett, at Butler, Ky..Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Butler hadas week-end guests Mr. and Mrs WA. Sharpe, of Lexington.Mrs. Elzie Burgin, of Paris, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Wheeler, in Nicholasville.,T"M.Ee E B FerSuson, of Clarksyille, Tenn., is a guest of Mr. andMrs. Stewart Haggard, .near Paris.Miss Agnes Collins, of Masoncounty, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.John J. Connell on Walker avenue.Mrs. Martin Doyle, of Paris, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. Ella Maloney,at 425 Walnut street, in Lexington.Mrs. Ernest Martin attended theMercer county fair last week, whilea guest of relatives in Harrodsburg,-Miss Lula Champe Lytle has returned from "a month's visit to relative in Cincinnati and Dayton, Ky.Miss Jennie Talbott, who is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is improving from a severe illness. Mr. and Mrs. .Bennett Bean, ofLouisville, are guests of Mr. Bean'smother,. Mrs. B. E. Bean, on Highstreet.Miss Mary Nicholson, guests offriends and relatives in the city andcounty, has returned to her homein Cincinnati. ,.Miss Mae Kail, musical directorat the Paris Grand and The Alamo,left Saturday for a vacation visit inHuntington, W. Va.Mayor and Mrs. E. B. Januaryhave moved to the apartments in theRobneel, recently vacated by Mr. andMrs. Owen L. Davis.Mr. John O'Donnell, of Cincinnati, and Miss Mary MargaretWalker, of Lexington, are guests ofthe Misses Welsh, near Paris.Mr. Nat Rogers and Col. JosephE. Hedges have returned to the Confederate Home at Pewee Valley aftera visit to relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mrs. Andrew Fryman, of nearCenterville, who has been quite illfor some time, has been brought tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, inthis city, for treatment.Mrs. Harry Simon, who is in aNew York hospital, where she wasoperated on sometime ago for appendicitis, is steadily improving, andwill soon be able to return home.Nicholasville Journal: "MissOllie Chambers, of Paris, and Mrs. J.B. Chambers and daughter, MissMabel Chambers, of Frankfort, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. JamesChambers."Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Brown, ofLouisville, wlio haVe been guests ofthe former's brother, Mr. J. W.Brown, and family, left Sunday forCorbin, where Rev. Brown will conduct a revival.Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary andchildren, Miss Amelia ScrogganMinary, Jr., returned Saturday totheir home in Louisville, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmon,near North Middletown.Mr. Ollie Soper left Saturdayfor Lagrange N. C, where he hasaccepted a position as bookkeeper ina large tobacco concern. Mr. JeffDenton, of Paris, is also in Lagrange,where he is buying on the tobaccomarket. - - , J --- -Mi's. Noah Spears returned Sunday afternoon to Akron, O., after avisit to his mother, Mrs. GeorgiaSpears, on Mt Airy avenue. Mr.Spears is engaged in a clerical capacity with the Goodrich Rubber Co.,at Akron.Among those who came toPari& to accompany the body of MissMaude' Wilson to Winchester, Saturday, vere Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Nelson,of Sharpsburg, Mr. and Mrs. JohnWilson, Misses Josephine McNeill,Anna Nelson and Ruth Pinnell, ofWinchester.Mrs. Sallie Hall, widow of thelate Mr.Fra-ncis P. Hall, is a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital,where she is under medical treatment. Mrs. Hall was brought to theinstitution from the home of, herstep-son, Mr. Wm. W. Hall, nearParis.Mrs. J. H. Nelson and Mrs.Maude Flynn have returned to Winchester after a visit in Paris. Theywere called iiere Friday by the deathof Mrs. Nelson's granddaughter, MissMaude Wilson. Mrs. Flynn had beenat Miss Wilson's bedside for sometime during her illness.Miss Nancy Young is hostess ather home on Cypress street to ahouse party composed of the following: Misses Minerva Sue Boardman,Alleen Clark, Elton Rice, ElizabethBurris, Lecordia Wells, Sallie MayBanta and Laura Dalzell, of thecounty, and Nancy and DorrisChandler, of Erie, Pa.Mr. John P. Littlejohn, head ofthe carnival company of that name,was in Paris yesterday, en route toBerea, where the Gompany opens foran engagement. Mr. Littlejohn rennrtR business as being good, in spiteof the war and conservation. Hesays the people are bound to seeksome kind of amusement and relaxation and that first-class shtfws likehis are really essentials.Mrs. Frank Skillman was hostess to a party of friends at herhome on Second street with a knitting party, in honor of her guest.Miss Agnes Morgan, of Covington.ThA tniests who spent an en3oyableafternoon at the Skillman home wereMiss Morgan, Mrs. Curtis Henry,Mrs. Rhodes Smith, Mrs. TaylorChandler, Mrs. Roy Turner, Mrs.Kiser Smith, Mrs. Harry Hill, Mrs.Douglas Thomas, Jr., Mrs, JeffersonSmith, Mrs. Charles Eals, Mrs. Wm.Kiser, Mrs. R. J.,Clayf Mrs HoustonRien, Mrs. Albert Pogue, Mrs. Fannie Smith, Itfisees Jennie Kiser, Min-THE BQ UR3PON MCWg, & ST.-U& "-r- .-" 71 PSpagiiititnle Kiser, Martha Chandler.and SellaEals.Mrs. W. H. Harris, of Lexington,is a guest of friends in Paris.Richmond Daily Register: "MissAnn Enright returned Friday froma pleasant visit to friends in Paris."Mr. Charles Clendenin. Sunerin-tendent of the Odd Fellows' Home atHimanence, was a business visitor inParis yesterday.Miss Ella Loomis, of Cynthiana,was a guest 'from Saturday 'to yesterday of Mrs. John Moran, onPleasant street.Mrs. J. C. Turnipseed, of Mcintosh, Fla., is a guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Jones, and .hersister, Miss Lelia Jones, in NorthMiddletown. JMr. Abram Renick, president ofthe McCombs Oil Co., enroute fromthe general offices at Louisville, fora visit to his old home in Winchester, was a guest of relatives in Parisyesterday.Miss Delia Tinder, of NorthMiddletown, has returned to Lancaster to resume her school duties after spending the summer vacationwith her parents, Rev. and Mrs. F.M. Tinder.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Evans, havemoved from Little Rock to Paris toreside. They have had charge of theLittle Rock exchange of the Bourbon Home Telephone Co. for the pasteighteen years. Mrs. Evans has takena position in the Paris exchange asChief Operator.Judge and Mrs. Denis Dundonreturned Sunday night from a twoweeks' visit in Cleveland, O., andDetroit, Mich. Judge Dundon attended the Convention of the National Association of Lawyers atCleveland. ' While in Detroit, theywere guests ofMr. and Mrs. LynnLail, formerly of Paris.' (Other Personals on Page 3)la feSPECIALS IN OUTINGS AND GINGHAMS THIS WEEK.You had better buy outings now,35 cents per yard. Also beautifulginghams at 35 cents per yard. Better buy now, as they will be higherlater j?n.(27-3t) PARIS RACKET STORE.Pa 155 SLABOR DAY OBSERVED.While there was no public observance of the occasion, Labor Day wasobserved here as a legal holiday bythe banks and the post-office, whichwere closed. Employes for the mostpart went to the fields in pursuit ofthe elusive dove. Many went to Lexington to attend the Labor Day exercises at Blue Grass Park.Strayed.From Mrs. Nellie Highland's farm,near Paris, a pair of five-year-oldheavy horse mules, one light bay,the other, dark gray. Last sen onCynthiana pike. Reward for information leading to their recovery.J. E. MASON,Hutchison, Ky.Home Phone 2009-6 rings. (3-lt)Notice To LadiesHemstitching and Picoting.work guaranteed.MISSES DRAKE,110 North Upper St.(3-lt) Lexington, KyAllClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!Special Reductions on the Following:Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, Underwear- Hosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.Found.On the streets of Paris, Saturdaymorning, a small sum of money, incurrency. Must be claimed by therightful owner, who must pay advertising charges.23Just Think of This!1 ' ., an9x12 FEETMatting RugsDO YOUR BITTo help supply Our Boysin camp with every comfort that they may enjoywhile in camp.No haversack is complete without a genuine"&ver ffleadytSo98sDaylo"Vwhich may be had in any style.Cbe "Jlrmy HigM"may be strapped to the hat bandor belt and is found very convenient in every wayvFlash light repairing a specialty. "Daugherty Bros.Fifth and MainSee Them in Our WindowVrar; MlM3We are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawnGoods and All Refrigerators.rti- -THE J. THIN TON COMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPtlONEY 36SIXTH AIND MAIN STS.WfJfWfWilnlnxWwwiX,-,ff&: VV .- V?m-wf4iKri.1F -1nl.ir-".k-'-jft -Sfr-cp- I?"-f rUKSDAT, SEPTEMBER 3, iHtflOInnnpRPHiJWAi --"UFT OFF CORNS!See Us For All Kinds ofTHE BOURBON KfWg, fcARJS, Kf . 7II ADoesn't hurt at all and costsonly a few centsMagic! -Just drop clittle Freesoaeon, that touchy corn, instantly, it stopsaritiBg, tfcen you lift the com off witbttie fingers. Truly! No bambug!nyjTry Freezone! Your druggist sells atiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient torid your feet of every hard corn, softcorn, or com between, the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone is thediscovery of a noted Cincinnati genius. !THE CAMPAIGN IN COUNTY FORSTUDENT NURSES.The women of Paris and Bourboncounty who will take the census ofthe woman-power of the county during the week of Sept 3-10, in ahouse-to-house canvass, will at thesame time make a campaign for volunteer student nurses,According to word sent out fromthe National Council of Defense andthe Red Cross of the Lake Division,a thousand graduate nurses must besent overseas each week for the nexttwo months to meet the requirementsof the Allied Armies, and in orderto fill the 'ranks of the hospitalsthus depleted, the Government iscalling for young women between theages of 19 and 35 years to go intotraining. Twenty-five thousand areneeded in this Nurses' Reserve, andeach State and County is asked forvolunteers. They will receive thebest training in schools established"by the Government.This will be a splendid opportunity to show patriotism and to helpkeep up the morals of civilian life bytaking care of the public health during the absence of the registerednurses who have gone abroad.Surgeon-General Gorgas says:"The army to-day is growing fasterthan the nurse corps," and the demand for trained nurses must andwill be met. Hence the call for students to go into training to take theirplaces.T2i 1CHAMEBRLAIN'S COUGHREMEDY.9 fi?i?--'&mK.mmEi---&3b. mi s ehphrsi -- mmmKm:tMmmm. iMmummnummsHummmmiiwm- fiKEiHRi;lraHmSK&feMHlgHjiJIHglPMARIE LORTH, ENGLISH EUUESTRINNE, WITH SPARKS' CIRCUS."American girls are afraid to risktheir necks, that is why the circus iscomposed mostly of foreign performers." So affirms Marie Lorth, Englishequestrienne with the Sparks circus, which will spread its tents herefor performances next Saturday, Sept.7th. She bases her assertion on theproof that there are few Americanwomen in the equestrian ring today. "Almost all circus riders areFrench, Italian or English," according to Miss Lorth. "The women inAmerica are too timid to risk theirlives on the backs of swiftly movinghorses, and so they seek positions inthe choruses of theatrical companies,where they find it difficult to progress. "There is more chance for promotion and certainly greater distinc-circus ring than in the chorus of amusical show."Of course, you know many of theforeign women are apprenticed incircus work from youth, and bareback riding is handed down from onegeneration to another. But thenthere are plenty of women who startin on their own responsibility andbecome successful in the equestrianring. '"I admire the woman who is notafraid, and I advise some of the chorus girls who are plodding along inmusical comedy, with small hope fora chance to get a principal part, toabandon the stage and take up thecircus life."It pays more and 'there is plentyof room for novelties, brains and talent. If the American girl was asbrave and athletic as she is thoughtto be, she wouldn't hesitate betweention in being a performer in the i musical comedy and the circus."PROVIDING HOMES FOR OUR RETURNED SOLDIERS.FEEL LIKE GIVING UP?Many Paris People On the Verge ofCollapse.This is not only one of the bestand most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, but is also pleasant to take,which is important when a medicinemust be given to young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many years and hasmet with, much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruhy, Chillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have always-used Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.(sept-adv)WEATHER BUREAU SAYS WARNOT CAUSE OF RAIN."There is nothing in it," says theUnited States Weather Bureau, torepeated inquiries as to whether thewar affects rainfall or any otherweather conditions.It is a popular fallacy that concussions, explosions and the liberations of gases in the European conflicts are having an effect on theweather, not only over the battlefields, but elsewhere on the globe;but is only a fallacy, say the weatherspecialists of the United States Department of Agriculture, even thoughit has existed almost since the beginning of historic times.Before gunaowder was used theancients had an idea that battlesproduced raiiifaU, which was causedby ttie clash of words and the sweatof the fighteiw.A bad back makes you miserableall the timeLame every morning; sore all day.It hurts to stoop it hurts tostraighten.What with headache, dizzy spells,are discour-Secretary of the Interior Lanepresented to the President and toCongress recently a comprehensiveplan for a preliminary study of theunused -lands of the country, withparticular reference to the irrigationof some 15,000,000 acres of aridland, the drainage" of between 70,-' urinary weakness000,000 and 80,000,000 acres of I No wonder peoplecut-over or logged-off land, with the agedpurpose in view of reclainming thes ! who do not know the kidneys maylands through Governmental agency , be the ca"se of it all., . ,, , i Give the weakened kidneys need-and providing homes for returned ful nelpsoldiers. use a tested and proven kidneyAfter the care of the disabled sol- i remedy,diers comes the consideration of the None endorsed like Doan's Kidneyother worldly interests of all thennen Pills.who return to seek their places in the ' Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with good results and Iknow from the help they have gavemp that, thpv wnnlrJ ha insf- ns hpnA.itself after all wars in the returning t flcial in other cases of kid.ney trouble.SOldier the impulse tO gO back tO.T had n. rfpnd Hull trhe nprnoo. thporganization of peace. The plan ofSecretary Lane calls attention to thenatural impulse which has shownProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNAINAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402PIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose andJThroatROOMS 403404HRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING' PHONE 136 .CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.vH0TJLHD COED BATHS' &the land. The Secretary proposes,therefore, that to encourage and prepare for this preference a careful andthorbugh survey be made of our landreserves for the extensive reclamationof lands, so that the soldier and sailor who looks about him when hecomes home will find his Governmentready to offer his opportunity andaid a farm, or a ranch, or a plantation and also to help him to establish himself upon it and to begin lifeanew with full confidence that his industry will be rewarded. We hopeMr. Lane's discussion will be carefully read by every American andthat Congress will act to set on footthe necessary measures.fe JS3 laWARRANTS DRAWN TO PAYSCHOOL TEACHERS.For the first time in the historyof the State rural school teacherswill be paid their salaries in interest-bearingwarrants. Saturday, Superintendent of Public InstructionGilbert drew warrants on State Auditor Greene for $576,512.89, whichis the first installment due ruraland city teachers. On the amount$473,862.12 goes to rural teachersand $102,650.77 to city teachers.The paying of teachers in interest-bearing warrants was made pos- internedsiuie uy uie last session oi cne general Assembly. The act providesthat when there is no money in theschool fund for paying salaries ofteachers intereest-bearing warrantsmay be issued to them.TS ?S tssmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Doan's KidneyPills rid me of those complaints andif I should need a kidney remedyagain, I would certainly take Doan'sKidney Pills."Mrs. Mastin is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed ' Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs. Mastin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When your back is lame,remember the name." (adv)IS fe J"3260,000 UNNATURALIZED GERMANS REGISTER IN U. S.POR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.(sept-adv)1 to toA West Bath, Me., lumber campcrew had a pig which followed themen like a dog. The pig went callingon the farmers in the vicinity of Sabino and followed the mill teamsabout.About 260,000 unnaturalized maleGermans live in the United Statesand have registered with police andpostmasters under enemy alien regulations, the Department of Justicehas reparted.The registration for males washeld in January and a few additionalGermans are being recorded fromtime to time. Reports of the registration of German women more thantwo months ago have not yet beenfully tabulated, but it is believedless that 200,000 enrolled.These figures do -not include theGermans, whose numbernever has been made public.IS IS ISPATRIOTIC PREMIUM PLNApproximately $35,000 of the premium awards at the Kentucky StateFair to be held in Louisville theweek of September 9-14, will be paidin War Savings Stamps and ThriftStamps.All exhibitors winning prizes of $5and under will be paid in this manner, and those winning premiums insums over $5 will receive 25 of theamounts in War Savings and ThriftStamps.As the total aggregate of premiummoney listed in the 1918 KentuckyState Fair catalogue is $78,000, hetidy little sum of $35,000 is therebyassured for the government warbudget.m 1 1REDtOllEWrGgAlrOver 700 canteen stations havebeen established by the AmericanRed Cross on the railway lines ofthis country, -Hot weather in Venice,-too and290' sick and delicate babies receivespecially prepared milk at the dispensary operated by the AmericanRed Cross.To keep tlie boys happy, if ill whileaway from home, the American RedCross has sixteen convalescent housesin operation at base and generalarmy hospitals in this country.Just to keep the boys warm, theAmerican Red Cross so far has distributed iri round numbers 2,000,000sweaters, 750,000 mufflers, 1,000,000 wristlets, 500,000 helmets and1,500,000 pairs of socks.No less than 300,000 soldiers' andsailors' families have been, the recipients of "Home Service" of theAmerican Red Cross, at the requestof men in camp worried about family problems.To help with the re-education ofmutilated soldiers at Pesica, Italy,the American Red Cross will supplysewing machines, typewriters andtools for cabinet-making and shoemaking to the territorial hospital ofthe Italian Red Cross.Where the rice grows, in the district around Milan, Italy, sixteenasili are being established by theAmerican Red Cross to care for 650 .young children whose mothers, butfor tins care, wouia oe unaDie 10 neipin the work of the harvest.The American Red Cross delegatefor the Somme received a letter fromM. Dupin, Sous-Perfet at Ham: "Ibeg to acknowledge receipt of the tenpumps which you kindly had shippedto me for the cleansing of the wellswhich have been contaminated by theenemy." Anything!WOMAN WHO MADE FIRST CONFEDERATE FLAG, DEAD.Mrs. Rebecca Winborne, 87 yearsold, who died recently at her homein Wilson, N. C, is said to have beenthe woman who made the first Confederate flag.The banner, designed by CaptainOrren Randolph Smith, of Henderson, N. C, was made by Mrs. Winborne when she was Miss RebeccaMurphy, at Wilson, in February,1861. A sister refused to aid inmaking the flag, it is said, becauseshe was engaged to a Northern armyofficer. A few weeks after the flagwas completed it was adopted by theConfederate Congress at Montgomery, Alabama, as the standard of theConfederacy. The first banner contained only seven stars, representingthe number of States that had seceded, but this number was soon increased to eleven by the withdrawalof other States from the Union. Byas act of the Confederate Congressit was named "The Stars and Bars."At a reunion of Confederate Veterans at Norfolk, Va., in 1910 Captian Smith explained the meaning ofthe various colors in the flag as follows: "The idea of my flag I took fromthe Trinity. The Three bars werefor the church, State and press allbound together by a field of blue(the heavens over all), bearing a starfor each State in. the Confederation.The seven white stars, all the samesize, were placed in a circle, showingthat each State had equal rights andprivileges, irrespective of size or population." tS fe ISGOOD FOR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. Seeing Chamberlain's Tablets advertised I concludedto try them. I improved rapidly."Miss Emma Verbryke, Lima, O.(sept-adv)In some parts of Northern Arabiathft "hills ATA ftn WAll ctnolraili Tcrfflji i . 1 i it. ..-! -'- . vwwv,u "mik&ilBfW.fu,V1 e, ceiiar bees that no sopaer are hives placedUsorth5 tonof sugar In' Java J ' J than thev are occunied. - -BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTH,. t Grocery Co.P Phone 376FARMMACHIINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing- MachinesandCorn BindersNo better on the market.Have stood the test of years.C. S. BALL GARAGECof; Fourth and Pleasant Sts.IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYSHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECT TO THESugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTONJ! V'it I ' 'I fO1lilil'l T'''''' 1j -I if'tf i 3i vj i ( t, f , '. ' II ' " It Of ' - Ti minimum ninninc tvate .1 . ,, A A 'W ' . "-' ' r .- .i-f' p -' . i i i . .ri 'imi' r ri. ny rtlllL. j--t ff ,4 ,' X . .1' nlVi ,.-" ,T,:-nTMk " .1 v'rtT'jr;.if' , jHU. i !' H ,;r f -T i, t -t&ASfcQuick ReturtisMarket Prices-v "tKfVfruv h& ?m?'-I'll" I ihSf T.i7irif-.h - rHti i.r-.t ;""- ' 'Vfcj ?r- -iSfc ?,EFFECTIVEH1 H IB Bt1913The Undersigned Merchants of ParisAs a Means of War ConservationHave Adopted the Following Regulations of theConservation Divisionor THEWAR INDUSTRIES BOARDraMake not over one delivery a day on eacH route.Limit the privilege of returning merchandise tothree days. ' 1Curtail special deliveries.Require a deposit on C. O. D. purchases.Discontinue the custom of sending goods on approvalAuthorized byEUGENE J. STRAUSState Chairman, CommercialState Council of DefenseFarmers Supply Co.A. F. Wheeler & Co.The Bourbon NewsThe Kentuckian-CitizenFord & Co.C. P. Cook & Co.Margolen's SanitaryMeat MarketA. J. Winters & Co.Shire & FithianFrank & Co.Brooks & SnappThe Fair StoreL. R. BramblettWilmoth&Co.T. W. SpicerH. M. Collins & Co.Bradley & BrannonLusk & SheaLogan HowardPrice & Co.Paris Gas & Electric Co.January & ConnellHarry LinvilleJ. W. Davis & Co.W. Ed TuckerS. H. Kress & Co.The J. T. Hinton Co.Friedman's Shoe StoreFeld's Shoe and Department StoresParis Racket StoreSimon Dep't StoreL. WollsteinS. RummansR. P.WalshChas. S. GoldsteinL. OberdorferFred WeckesserLavin & ConnellE. M. WheelerStone & TarrBaldwin Bros.Posner Bros.Mitchell & BlakemoreVarden & SonArdery Drug Co.John MerringerPeoples Drug Store"J .-7Y-V i - wEtV. Ai zzz: m i i11I&-efJit.iHIhftiv1If":rw-rr.-.?".St.,4j&.'y5iilfcTHE BOURBON NTBWS, PARES, KY.i;JMWMJl-TUBSDXr, SUPTUMBIK JrlSlg",i7Wfri VLliiiiiiiiMHiiniiiiiiiiiiiiijimiiiiiiiniHiiimfComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO3WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER PURSUIT, SEPTEMBERcTHEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBbVTUESDAYSEPTEMBER? -M-lfcu;'4tPVSI1 The J. T. Hinton CoUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky...Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36INIsht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withX Limousine Invalid Coach.ourHearse used fforfuneral purposes only.aviaaaaJBaaalBF JIfJ.WARRENKpRRIGANIN"THE TURN OF A CARD"ALSO.WM. DUNCANin tht 6th episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS""THE SPIRiT OF EVIL"JACK PICKFORDand LOUISE HUFFIN"SANDY"A horse .'race, a lively ' 'scrap" to save agirl Why, there's everything in this picture ;to make you glad you came..Also a "Luke" Comedy andPathe News.Mae MarshIN'''ALL WOMAN"a girl who risked all forlove.A romance ' ofAlso a Mutt and Jeff Camedy, "LandiniSpy' and Pathe News,PricesAt the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At ln? .arls Grand-Ghildren 5c-war tax lc; Adult I3c-war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-wartax lcllife-time member. The burial followed on the family lot in the ParisCemetery. The pall-bearers were:Dr.- J. T. Vansant, Ed. T. Hinton,Robert Goggin, Charles T. Kenney,Ben Parker, Win. H. Webb and HughBrent.la I ISTHE MOST USEFUL PLANT IN THT,WORLD.. .IIHIIMMiM M IHMILLERSBURG&4DEATHS.WOODS."Mr. Boyd D. Woods, aged sixty-five,a wjell-knpwn furniture dealer ofLexington, died at his home in thatcity Friday afternoon, of rheumatismof the heart. Besides his wife, he isMaster Wm. Miller, Jr., is among43ie sick."Mrs. Adella Miller remainedaGboat the same.Millersburg was well represent--s.:atthe Germantow-n Fair last week.rresiamg jiaaer w. ivi. uney survived by one daughter, Mrs.-Mtamducted quarterly meeting at Meth-. strother Gaines, of Lexington; threesadist church, Sunday. sisters, Mrs. John B. Rubbathen, ofMrs. J. T. Judy returned Sunday Lexington, Mrs. H. A. Waxell, of Cov-- ."ter a weeks' visit to her mother, ington, and Mrs. A. E. Compton, of--'..feS&rs. Wm. Payne, -at ynthiana. Nicholasville; also by two brothers,-Mrs. Chas. -Corrington, of this Mr. F. N. Woods, of Lexington, a-nd. - -city, who was elected a member of John M. Woods, of Winchester, for-- Ute'eynthiana High School faculty, merly of Paris.slwasvrjesigned that position. " I- MATRIMONIAL.vHandsomely-engraved announcements, worded" as follows, were mailed out this morning to friends 'andrelatives of the ' bride and groom,Miss Virginia Cook and Mr. WalterDalby:"Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. -Cookannounce the marriage of theirdaughter, Virginia, to Mr. WalterChanslor Dalby, on Monday, September second, Nineteen Hundred andEighteen, Paris, Kentucky." I J3vTr. Claude Neal and son, ofHUTCHINGS.VJMFfiwnnrf rpfiirnpr! to thpir linmA Sat-Tarday after a few days' visit to his Mrs- Mary Hutchings, aged sev-. TjrnfhAr, Mrs. Jennie Neal. I enty-six, died at her home on the C.o M. Clay farm, on the Winchester- rjlrs. 'Wm. Hinton and son, of3Plmingsburg, were guests of . her"Tmiiher and sister, Mr. and Mrs. S.J3L Butler, Friday and Saturday.p&Sts. George Jeffreys, daughter," .X$isflEne Jeffreys, and son, Master'Cteorge, Jeffreys, Jr., arrived Satur-jrdacy-as,quests of Mrs. R. M. Caldwell- .-and .family.-The "Little John Carnival Co.5Se a three-days' carnival during32ifi past week. Large crowds were3a' attendance and their various at-itr&ctions were good.pike, near this city, Friday, after along illness due to. Brightrs disease.She is survived oy two sons, WilliamHutchings and James W. Hutchings,both of this county.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon,' the burial being private.Services were conducted at the gravein the old burying ground on theClay farm, with services conductedby Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church.WILSON.The funeral of Miss Maude Wilson, aered nineteen, who died Fridav-Mrs. Bettie Shepherd and Mrs. j morning,, at the home of her parents,.J. 3 Daniel, of Millersburg; are j Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, in East,-CBSts of tneir cousin, Miss Varina ; Paris, was held Saturday afternoonssmd Virginia Hanna, of -East Max--areli'stiset, Lexington.Mrs, .W. M. Miller, son andrrussts' enjoyed an outing in their3wLom0biler Friday, taking in High33rlcge, Shakertown, Harrodsburg,Frankfort and other points."-Regular meeting of Amity LodgeT-SFq. &d, F. and A. M., to-night.Special work. Two candidates will:recsiYe their entered apprentice degree. AU4 members are urged to berSMrs. F. E. Peterson was called toir!ihLE.e of her. parents, Mr. and Mrs.it 3HoePX. Walnut Grove, Thursday onz aSkecount o" the" illness of her brother.- K-vyoungman was taken to Lex-',, angtsnu wsfchere he underwent an;eration' 'Saturday by Dr. Barrow,. for Silcerated'-stomach.ftt. m m&3M TO GET PSYSICALLY UNEirMEN IN ASMY.at inree o ciock, witn services conducted at the grave in the Winchester cemetery by Rev. J. H. McNeill,pastor of the Winchester Christianchurch.The pall-bearers were "NelsonStrode, Allen Buckner, Spencer Pinnell, Robt. Baldwin, Edward Ectonand Perry Browning.Miss Wilson had been in declininghealth for a year, due to the ravagesof tuberculosis. She had been undertreatment at Laxington and at Winchester, .her former home, but thedread disease -had gained such a holdlas to baffle all medical skill exertedin her behalf, and her condition grewsteadily worse until death, ensuedFriday.She was a bright and very, attractive young wdman, who made manyfriends here by her sunny disposition, which even the inroads of aninsidious disease could not dispel.PATON."Development battalions" have-Stoeenestablished at army training--cis2Eps to bring about the greatest:- possible utilization of men physicallys3lBctualined for general military dutyand thereby relieve for more active-service the large -number of soldiers-..5B0W engaged in semi-civilian work.The War Department has announcedvt3a&t about 90,000 men already havejbeen transferred to the new organiza-xicns. 'Men with physical defects are sent"ifco the battalions, and after being-m&refully examined by the personnelorganization and by a selected medical group they are placed in com--paniesand given various forms of"training designed to correct'' their"minor defects, -or in serious cases aresent to hospitals for treatment.The War Department statementtays the battalions are proving their-"yIue at the outset. Large numberstf men of exceptional trade skill or'jbigh professional ability or knowl--edgehave been placed at work forwridch they are physically qualified,-nd soldiers who formerly did the-Vcrk are relieved for overseas ser-las iei m1-BEVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.7 In the revenue-, assignments for" the month of September just an-j'-jnqunced by Collector of Revenue"Ellwood Hamilton, at Lexington,Bourbon county is given the follovk-3ag;Xo. 77 Julius Kessler & Co,,"Paris; John A. Logan, storekeeperatter in. charge; H. B. Clay, addj;0xJ3zial. , --Mrs. Frankie Tipton, aged seventy-two,died' at the home of hersister, Mrs. Maria Tipton, on Highstreet, Sunday morning after an illness" of several weeks due to uraemicpoisoning. Mrs. Paton had not beenin. good health for some time, buther condition was not thought seriousuntil a few days ago -when uraemicpoisoning developed, hastening theend.She was the widow of Mr. JamesE. Paton, of Paris, for many yearsClerk of the Bourbon Circuit Court,who preceded her to the grave manyyears ago. They had no children.Mrs. Paton for many years conducteda millinery business in the storeroom on Main street on the site of thebuilding now occupied by Mitchell &Blakemore. In after years she wasa resident of New York, 'where shewas head milliner and buyer for oneof the largest concerns in New York.For the past two years she has resided in Paris, making her homewith her sisters. She was a daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. S. E.Tipton, prominent in the life of Parisyears ago. Mrs. Paton was a cultured and refined woman, one whomit was a pleasure to know.She is survived, by one brother,Mr. Edward-A. Tipton, of Lexingtonand New York, Secretary of the Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Association, and two sisters, Miss MariaTipton and Mrs. D. C. Parrish, bothof Paris.The funeral was held at thefamily home on High street, yesterday -afternoon at four o'clock, withservices conducted by Rev. W... E.Ellis,, pastor, of the Paris Christianchurch, 6t which slie -had. been aCOOK DALBY.-The home of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.P. Cook, on Cypress street, in thiscity, was the scene of a pretty wedding at eight o'clock, last night,when the handsome daughter of thehousehold, Miss Virginia Cook.wasgiven in marriage to Mr. WallerChanslor Dalby. ,vThe ceremony which united thesepopular young people was performedin an impressive manner in the presence of only the immediate relativesand a few personal friends of MissCook and Mr. Dalby, by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The home was beautifullydecorated for the happy event withplants and potted flowers. Thebride, radiant in health and a facebeaming with happiness, was gownedin a smart blue suit, with brownshoes, hat and gloves, and carrieda corsage bouquet. At the conclusion of the ceremony, after receivingthe congratulations and best wishesof the assembled guests, Mr. and Mrs.Dalby left for a short bridal trip,their destination being kept a secret.They will be at home to their friendson and after Wednesday at the homeof tlfe bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Charles P. Cook:, on Cypress street.The bride is one of the loveliestyoung women in the city, one whosesunny disposition has made her more1than the accepted number of friends.She is a favorite with all who knowher, by reason of her charming manners ami gracious ways that knowno manner of change. 'From earlychildhood she has been so and cominer to womanhood her charms- have'become matured and of the quality bthat have endeared her to all' herfriends.Mr. Dalby is one of the city's mostpopular young business men. Gomving here a comparative stranger asmanager of the Kress Co. stores hsmade himself a name for businessprobity and integrity and by his dbseattention to business and uniformcourtesy towaf-d the patrons of- feishouse, gained their esteem.. He. is; inevery way worthy of his fair bride,and every1 good thing that can: cometo him in this life.SHELBY COUNTY BARN STRUCKBY LIGHTNING..A large barn on Walker Daniel'sfarm, three miles north of Shelbyville, was struck by lightning Friday afternoon and burned" to theground. Everything in the" barn wasdestroyed, including 20,000 poundsof hemp, 100 barrels of old corn tentons of baled hay and all of -hefarming implements. The total losswill approximate $10,000, with insurance not more than one-third ofthat amount. John Price, a negro,who was standing in the door otthebarn was stunned by the shock.lea 155 feB-4 TIREInsure withW.O- HINTON &SON,AgtsLIGHTNING FIRES OIL TANK.The Cumberland Pipe Line Company suffered a severe loss whenlightning struck two oil tanks attheir pumping station at Busseyville,Lawrence county. TJie tanks were seton fire and completely destroyed.About 1,200 barrels of oil were lost,valued at $3,000, in addition tothe;tanks. They had a capacity of about1,200 barrels each, and were halffull.Lyman H. Howe's quaint tour ofold Mexico, a feature of his latestTravel Festival, which comes to theParis Grand on Monday, September9, .shows the maguey plant, termedby Mexicans themselves "the mostuseful plant in the world."From the maguey, or century plantthe Mexican peon obtains practicallyeverything he needs to live. Hebuilds his. house , from its stalks,makes his roof of its leaves, chopsup its stalks as fodder for his cattle, extracts the sap which is madeinto the national Mexican drink,pulque, eats in toasted form an oddworm which lives in its heart, andmakes rope from its fibre.The odd Mexican process of making rope from the maguey is vividlyshown in Mr. Howe's pictures. Thenatives use a crude process which hasremained unchanged for hundreds ofyears, but which efficiently weavesa rope from the fibre of the magueyleaves. The motion picture camerashows how the leaves are choppedfrom the plant and skinned, how theleaf is then beaten to fibre form, howthe coarse pulp is removed by an instrument exactly like that used bythe ancient Aztecs for the same process, and how- the fibre, as fine andstrong as sfllr, is finally woven intorope.This fascinating tour of Mexico isa feature of tfie newest Howe TravelFestival, which? also includes "Up Inthe Air With the Marines," a remarkable series of aviation picturestaken by government photographersat the Marine Aviation FT-eTcr, Miami,JFIorida. These not only show thepictures of aeriar manoeuvers takenJootn on the ground and in the clouds.A sensational incident of the seriesis a loop-the-loop in the clouds anda di3zy tail spin 10,000 feet to earth,filmed' from the machine itself. Thisis th& last word in film thrills.Other features of the - programshow the capturing of defiant wildanimals alive in the Rockies by anintrepid cowboy naturalist, who usesnothing but a lariat as a weapon; areproduction of the famous RedCross poster;. "Greatest Mother in theWorld," animated in clay; snapshotsof Southern France, in natural colors,and an extraordinary "freak" filmwhich reveals grotesque and puzzlingeffects in scenic distortions.Laughter-producing; comedy cartoons andi patriotic film conceitswill he generously interspersedthroughout the entertainment.Many ArticlesTWO NEW GREENBACKS PLACEDINCIRCULAXJON.' Two new greenbacks the first ofthe Nation's -war-time currency arein circulations They are the $1 and$2 Federal Reserve Bank notes, planned especially to replace the silvercertificates withdrawn from circulation as the Treasury's silver reserveis melted into bullion for export tothe Allies. 'The $1 iote bears a portrait ofGeorge Washington in the upper lefthand corner of the face side, andotherwise resembles generally a Federal Reserve- note. On the reverseside is shown in a center oval aneagle inxfull flight, typifying the .Nation mobilized for war.The $2 note is similar, except thatit bears a portrait of Thomas Jeff-training of an air cadet fn? every de- erson on the front and a picture oftail, but present some remarkable a battleships our the bCS t 'AtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap.-. 5cWhite Lily Soap : 5cTrilby Soap 5CGfoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box cGasr Globes, still tOcShinola Shoe Polish tOcDriedBeans, pound..:! ; 1-2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPoatCards, comics, &forv...5cYe-it can always saw money bydealing at SheBusy Bee Cmh StirefcFlrt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.The smoke screen has been foundvery effective in aidingcapiaini ofvessels to evade the torpedoes of enemy submarines. v . , ,,,..YOUR LAST OPPORTUNITYFINAL SALE!3ti&fcgr -- JWE ART COMPELLEDSELL THE BALANCEOURHigh Grade Men'sWobu&'s &Children'SUMMER SHOESOXFORDS. PUMPSRegardless of Costft Order to Make Room FarOurFALL FOOTWEAR!fr SipA&: -SX' pJy ll . . ii-. VU B-, lII Hm II 11 V mm A. jjjf UCyf Mi-(ObefiLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andPumps,. Walk-Over and other famous makesAT FINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES!Ladies' Canvas Boots and Iamps, $3.00values, at $ 1 .99Ladies' Black Kid English Oxfords andPumps, $4.00 values, at $2.9dLadies' Patent Kid Button Shoes", $3.50values at $1.99lMen?s Tan and G.M. English Shoes,Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Pumps.Louis.and Low Heels$4.Q0.alues.. .$249Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col. Pumps,LouisHeel, Welts, $4. 50 values at $2.99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords andPumps, $2.50 values at St .69Ladies'Kid and G.M. Shoes arid Slippers,broken sizes, $3.5ft-$4.00 values. .-St 49Men's White Canvas Oxfords, rubbersoles, $3.00 values at $ 1 .99Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 vatees at $1.99Walk-Over,all sizes, $4.50 values. . .$3,49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best makesall sizes, $4:00. values, at 5,2.99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes, $2.50values, at '. $1.79Children's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.-50 values at 99cLadies White Sport Canvas f A AOxfords, $2.00 values, at... $JuVUWhite Tennis Oxfords;,75c values at ..... '.49cDAN COHENParte' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Refenvjp - -m-rrz: H5fo ,."'d V - --vrv-C4 AjHMlMlpn