in. ..-vAsajt-THE.;&1 4k.'-. ! - - " !-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.tl;VVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15. 1918BOURBONNEWSI9 f 'i- ' -RED CROSS TEA ROOM TO CLOSEDURING INFLUENZA.Because of the influenza scare andof the many strict regulations imposed upon them hy the State Boardof Health and the orders of the localHealth Board, the Tea Room in theWilson Building, at the corner ofThird and Main, which has been.operated so successiuny ior sometime past by the Red Cross membershave closed temporarily.The limited force, the scarcity ofhelp, and the time and expense required in observing the Health Boardregulations, were given as the principal reason for closing the TeaRooms. They will be opened againas soon as the influenza situation haspassed. The closing of these rooms,even though temporarily, is a matterof genuine regret to hundreds of patrons. In conversation with one of theladies in charge, she said: "Wecould continue operating the roomsvery nicely if we only had a hot water tank, so that we could have plenty of hot water for sterilizing thedishes, glasses, and other articlesthat would require it."Now, cannot some of the patrioticcitizens of this city or the countyfurnish this, and let the young ladiescontinue with the good work theyare doing? Since the Tea Room hasbeen in operation it has earnedenough ,money to pay off the indebtedness of the local Chapter of theRed Cross, which was something over$1,500. This is a fine record. Nobody missed the money or donationsthat were given to the Rooms, thepatrons got their money's worth, inevery instance, and the Red CrossChapter will need the money earnedfor expenses incurred this fall.It is to be hoped that the closedperiod will be for only a short time."Who will contribute a hot water tankior the Red Cross Rooms? AH whoare in a position to do so, please speakup, and let them know.Buy Liberty BondsCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERS,NOW'S THE TIME 'TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited .supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Buy Uberty Bonds' -STRANGE'BEDEELLOWS(Elizabethtown News.)The editorial columns of the Courier-Journalpresent an amusing andan unusual spectacle these days. Editor Bingham is championing wchman's suffrage, endorsing PresidentWilson's appeal to 'the Senate to passit, while Henry Watter?on, the Editor Emeritus has on his war paintin the same columns denouncing woman suffrage, in his usual lurid andgraphic style, and giving PresidentWilson "Hail Columbia for mixingin itBingham, the friend of Beckham, iscensuring the Senior Senator fromKentucky for speaking and votingagainst the suffrage amendment andWatterson, who once characterizedBeckham as his worst political enemy, is patting him on the back withwords of praise and commendationfor his able speech against the "iniquitous measure." Truly politics doesdoes make strange bed fellows.The attitude of the Courier-Jour-aal,with one editor on the other side,has never, in our recollection, hada parallel except in the Paris Ken-tuckian-Citizenwhen Editor Craddock supported W. C. P. Breckinridgefor Congress and the other editor,Wpn. Remington, opposed Mr. Breckinridge. This anomalous position for a newspaper is creating a great deal of comment throughout the State and agood deal of amusement as well.Buy Liberty BondsAUTOS IN ACCIDENTA party of joyriders, who escapedfropi the scene as quickly as possible,came to grief Saturday night whentheir machine collided with, a telephone pole in the rear of Lavin &Connell's grocery store, on Eighthstreet. The machine got beyond control and struck the telephone iole.The machine was badly damaged, theforce of the impact breaking thefenders, buffers and front axles. Thecables supporting the telephone polewere almost torn loose by the machine. The street was almost deserted at the time, and the identity of thejoyriders could not be established.The machine was taken in charge bythe police, and sent to a garage forrepairs.A machine driven by Mr. Faulcoaer collided with a wagon on theCynthiana'pike Saturday, near a highejmbankment. The machine wasbadly damaged, while the wagon wascompletely, wrecked. Mr. Faulconerand the driver of the wagon both, escaped serious injury. The mulesdrawing the "wagon were throwndown the embankment, but escapedinjury.-BUyUBERTYBO.HOS,HEATHER MIXTURES.In all wool fabrics are popularwith good 'dressers. It's economy toPay at least $35 for your suit.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SEE EELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAJTD STRONGEST IINE.What ahnnt. vnnr boy's. Missesand children's school shoes? Bon'loverloolTPeld's Shoe Store" when you;are ready tfeo buy. Jk'uutl"w bit';the lest and stromgeet line to nmttt!-.tfrlum' 'J 'REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Two hundred and eighty-two acresof land, comprising the farm knownlocally as the Sister Mary Farm ofMr. Martin Doyle, purchased recentlyby Dr. D. S. Henry, sold at publicauction Saturday by the real estatefirm of Bond & Buckley, of Lexington, for a total average of $250.25an acre.The farm was divided into fourtracts, which were sold as follows:One hundred and seventeen acres toB. W, Wilson, of near Carlisle, for$250 an acre; seventy acres to HenryF. Ingels for $257 an acre; sixtyand two-thirds acres to Henry F.Ingels for $258 an acre; and thirtyfour acres adjoining the same tosa,me buyer for $225 an acre.The auctioneers were assisted bythe real estate firms of Harris &Speakes, the Paris Realty Co. and M.F. Kenney.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes conducted the public renting at thecourt house door yesterday of 1,254acres of land owned by Mrs. C. M.Clay on the Winchester pike. Theland brought $20 an acre, beingtaken by Mr. W. A. Thomason, "ofNqrth Middletown, who had the landrented for the past two years. Atthe same time and placo AuctioneerSpeakes rented to Mr. W. A. Thomason fif- acres of wheat land belonging to Mr. John Harris Clay for$8.60 an acre. Possession will begiven in March.Mr. John Grimes purchased recently of Mrs. Rosa Flanders, ofParis, her farm located on the Maysville pike, known as the Bedfordplace, for $225 per acre. The farmcontains 249 acres, bringing the seller the handsome sum of $56,025.Mr. Grimes will get possession of theplace in March. It is highly improved and a ,most desirable piece ofproperty.Buy Liberty BondsBED CROSS SOCIETY CHRISTMASROLL-CALL.A Christmas Roll-Call of thewhole American people for the membership in the Red Cross will takeplace fropn December 16 to 23, inclusive. The lists will be open for everyAmerican in every corner of theworld, so that it may be known thatthe whole nation at home and abroadis registered for the cause.At the close of .the ChristmasMembership campaign of 1917 therewere 22,000,000 Americans enrolledin. the Red Cross. There are also 8,-000,000 members in tbeujitofcjftfi;fCrossThis year both as a Christmas observance and a renewal of the nation-widepledge of loyalty, the RedCross will put before every one theduty of standing by the flag; for theRed Cross, in this great fight forpeace represents the whole spirit ofwhat we are fighting for.The Red Cross membership fee isone dollar. Half of this rejmains withthe local chapter, to be used for expenses and for relief of our soldiersand their families; the frther halfgoes to the National Treasury.Buy Liberty BondsB-4 PI REInsure withW.O. H1NTON &SON,AgtsBuy Liberty BondsHAKRODSBURG VISITED BY TWODESTRUCTIVE HRESFire destroyed the residence of W.J. Poteet, on Beau-mont avenue, inHarrodsburg, about 3 o'clock Friday.It is not known how the fire originated. Loss estimated at f 1,200, ispartially covered by insurance.The fire department was called outtwice, the secoad time when thedairy barn of Colonel B. H. Gaitherwas in flames. A large quantity offeed stuff was burned. Loss entailedon huilding and contents was about$1,000' with $500 insurance.Buy Liberty BondsFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.- Buy Liberty Bonds -THE PRESIDENT WANTS REALFRIENDS FOR SUPPORTAt no previous time has the importance of every Democrat laying asideall past differences and standing firmly behind the President in his greattrials, been manifested as now. Heneeds and has appealed for the support of his real friends and we cannot do less than respond by returning all the Democrats to Congressfrom Kentucky, who have proventheir loyalty to him and electing Gov.Stanley, whose patritoic efforts areknown of all men, to succeed the lamented Ollie James in. the Senate.Any other course would be notice tohim and. the country that we haveceased to realize the gravity of thesituation and no longer care to helplighten the load that the greatestman in all the world is carrying' Donot let us give aid arid comfort tothe 'Kaiser and his sympathizers, butby -stamping under the rooster sendthe real friend of the President tosupport him.m -m i' - -GAS HEATERS CONNECTED UPFREE OF CHARGE: 'Now isth time to have that "NewProcess"- Gfe Stove put up. Colddae'Tfe$rt hand. We'Cdhnectthemw ioryou iree oi cuargc. jck('SV STJL F. "WHBEBBR &.Ca I,President Replies to German Note.No Armistice Can Be Thought of As Long asHun Atrocities! Continue."AUTOCRACY MUST GO" IS TEXT OF ANSWERWASHINGTON, Oct 14. -President Wilson to-day answered Germany s peace proffer with a note declaring anew that theie can be nopea2? arGerman government controlled by a military autocracy andno thought of an armistice while German atrocities continue on landsea. -"Autocracy must go."'71 iis ispensible that the governments associated against GermanySJ? w.yoad a peradventure with whom they are dealing.The President .will make a separate reply to the royal and imperialgovernment of Austra-Hungary.The statement was made at the White House that the governmentwill continue to send over 250,000 men with their supplies every monthand there will be no relaxation of any kind.-'o ,0N?0N' 0ct 14-In. the attack in Flanders to-day the French tookN3,000 prisoners.DO THE BOYS. UKE TO GET"HOME PAPERS"Some time ago Col. WilliamThompson Boyce, of Westchestercounty, New York, conceived the ideaof sending copies of "the home paper"to the boys in the army cantonmentsand overseas. Publishers of the papers taking advantage of his ideasoon found that there was nothingmore welcome to the pnen at the frontman tneir old nome town paper.THE NEWS would like to see thepatriotic people of this city andcounty take up a campaign alongthese lines. We receive many lettersfrom the boys in the service, and frommany who are overseas, telling how".giad tney are to get a copy of. thepaper. If you want to make your sonor your brother happy send THENEWS twice-a-week at the subscription price of '$2.00 per year. It willbe a welcome visitor to him in hislonely hours, and .will be the meansof bouying hipi up many a" time whenhis thoughts are turning longinglytoward the old home and the. old associates. Ensign William F. Lally, of the UrS. Naval Forces, stationed in Euroope, says: "There is nothing thatthe man in the service craves formore than the news from his pldhome town. True, he may get manyletters, but they are jnearly ' always.;town happenings that his paperwould. As official censor of the shipwhich I command, I am in a uniqueposition to know their wants, andhardly a letter passes through jmyhands that does not request a fewcopies of the home paper."Several publishers have raised thepoint of paper conservaation. Therules on this subject promulgated byWE KNOW HOW-YOUR SUITFOR FALLIS READY.Clothes, like everything else, will cost you' moremoney than you have been paying in the past. Buy thebest clothes you can afford 'to-day. It is the course oftrue economy and service to the nation.Stein-Bloch and Michael-SternsSuits and Overcoatsare tailored and made from pure all-wool cloth, and whenyou select a Suit or Overcoat from our store you economize as well as protect yourself in buying good, dependable merchandise from a reliable store.We Are Showing a Beautiful Selection of Patterns and Colorsin ' Men's and Young Men's Clothes fancy greens,browns, .greys, tans, fancy, -plaids, striped -and herringbone weaves,. Make Your Selection, ' Early.:MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats, Manhattan ShirtsNetUetonand Dr. Reel's Cushion SofeJShoei--t - fv r.the United States Government, arevery explicit. Every legitimate subscription is .encouraged and not discouraged. A legitimate subscriptionmust be one that pays the full sub"scrjlptibn price, and that is not theresult of a contest or other artificiallysimulated methods. A subscriptionifora soldier in the army camps or inFrance, taken at the full subscriptionTrice, is entirely permissible underthe Government ruling, and such subscription fulfills a patriotic service.Send THE NEWS to your soldieror sailor boy, and (make him feel thatyou are getting closer to him in hisloneliness -than if you sent him some''literary things."-r CBuy Liberty BondTViVISIT THE PENDLETON SHOPThe Pendleton Shop, Lexington,Kysj are showing a complete line ofmaterials for tailored suits and topcoats.(15-3t) rNOTHING NEW IN THE INFLUENZA SITUATION.There have been no new or-starfl-ingdevelopments in the Xocal influenza situation. No new cases havebeen reported tot the local Board ofed are beine carefully guarded andltreated. The homes where the dis-placard- oJtow,The situation is well in hand here,and under perfect control. The instant response of the peopfe to thelocal Health Board's effort to preventa spread of the disease by observingall necessary sanitary precautions hasbeen admirable, and the spirit of cooperation with the authorities hastended to make the situation oneeasily handled.;:Ill''ofmpt; IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRv . COUNTRY. ''TOwing to the spread Vf influenzaseveral of the Bourbon countyboyswho have been training in specialcourses at Camp Buell, Lexington,have been sent home on furloughs until October 27.Relatives in this county of ArchieB. Lucas, a Bourbon county draftee,have. been advised that he is recovering from a slight attack of the Span-1isu mnuenza at the Base Hospitalat Camp Meade, Md.Private Edgar Lovell, of Paris, hasbeen transferred from Camp ZacharyTaylor to Camp Jessup, in Georgia,where he will take a special courseof instruction in auto and autotruck handling. He is a son of Mr.M. B. Lovell, of near Paris.Raymond and Thornton Connell,J. Stuart Wallingford, C. LandenTemplin and Hiram Adair, membersof the A, S. T. C, at Kentucky University, have returned home owingto the prevalence of influenza andthe closing of -the school during thepresent "flu" scare.Capt. Morton C. Colliver, formerlyof Paris, who has been stationed atiCamp Mills, Long Island, N. Y., forsome time, writes to his mother, Mrs.J. H. Colliver, stating that he wasleaving an Eastern port of embarkation to join the American Expeditionary Forces overseas.Luke Gordon, of Lexington, wellknown in Paris as a former motorman on the Paris-Lexington interurban line, is one of the influenza victims at Camp Zachary Taylor. Hisdeath occurred in the Ba3e Hospital atthe Camp last week. The body wasbrought to Lexington for interment.Private S. C. Buchanan, one of theBourbon county draftees, who hadbeen transferred to an Eastern camDsome tijme ago, is recovering Crom ajj Iaiw-tn. uj. mc oytmiBii mnuenza atan army camp hospital in New Jersey. He will soon be able to rejoinhis company in a South Carolinacamp.A letter to Mrs. Kate Clark, ofjeans, from her son, Maj. Richard T.yarjc, states that, he .liable to be J"oUtr-agafti ut tGrr"tinfluenza at Camp Lee. Va. Mai.Clark, whods a member of the Dental Corps of 'the Army Medical Department at Camp Lee, will applyfor leave of absence to visit Paris. assoon as he is able to travel.Mrs. Jos. Torrence, of Cynthiana,has received word fropn her husband,Lieut. Jos. Torrence, who arrived inAmerica last week from overseas service, that he had been sent to a hospital at Cape May, New Jersey.Lieut. Torrence, who is well-known inthis city, went to Prance at the sametime as did Lieut. . Reuben . Hutchcraft, of Paris. He was severelywounded at the battle of Soissons onJuly 17 and ,has been sent back toAmerica to recuperate. Mrs.' Torrence will leave this week to joinhim. ,'Maj. Henry Rhodes, State SelectiveDraft Officer, has notified all thedraft boards that a large service flagis going to be made in Frankfort forthe boys who have given their livesfor the country, either on the battlefields in Prance or in the camps here.The relatives of all boys who havemade this, sacrifice are urged to getm touch with the draft board of theirdistrict and report any informationthey may have that will help theState with this large service flag.In a letter1 to THE NEWS from Jos.W. Davis, Jr., who is at the GreatLakes Training Camp, he states thathe is in fine health, that the "flu"epidemic has abated there, and iscompletely under control. Says THENEWS arrives in Camp regularly,and that he and all the Bourbon boyssimply "eat it up." He is "fit" andready to fight and restless to be moving, which he hopes will be soon.Joe sends his best regards to all hisfriends, and says that peace will bedeclared shortly after the Kaiserhears he has orders for overseas duties. Another name has been added tothe casualty list of the boys fromBourbon county who have laid downtheir lives for their country. A message was received here announcingthat Private John W. Sergeant, sonof Mr. W. H. Sargeant, of near Little Rock, had been killed in action inone of the battles in Prance. No particulars were given. Private Sargeant wentT to Camp Taylor with acontingent from this county last October, and -had -been in the serviceabout one. year. He was o-ne ofthefirst Bourbon county boys to go over-Iseas, and had taken part -in severalbattles.The cairto the colors is likely-toplay havoo with the clerical forcesthe .First National Bank of this,IIH j city. The bank is now already repIJjl j resented in the service by Lieut. Ja"s.jju ) Winn McClure, son of Cashier James'm McClure who is stationed on thev , Texan-Mexican border; Bernard J.Santen, now overseas;, former Assist-1ant uasmer nqra .aiann, wno is too mwArwy X.. mu j. a. wqrjt inI Frances tOf the force left at presentJ. C.:-Lislerhopkkeeper,, is ia! thew rfra.ftr'ea.11. Mis ' Henrietti Ttatao.rt , ,VOLUNTEER , READlfY iTHEIRSERVICE AS NURSES.The call which was issued lastweek asking for volunteer emergencynufses, whose-services,.were needed Incaring for the. soldiers suffering- frominfluenza in the cantonments, metwith an instant and ready responseon the part of the women of PArisand Bourbon county. When theyeffered to go at oncef they were toldthat hospital experience was one ofthe necessary requirements, so theirservices have not been accepted.12Those who have volunteered are:Miss -Clara Bacon, Miss BerthaNapier, Mrs. N. A. Mooifc, Mrs. GarlCrawford, Miss Mary Bashford, MiserMartha Ferguson, Miss Mary Fitfciau.Hutchcraft, Mrs. Tilford Burnett,Miss Neva Calvert, Mrs. BooneChancellor, Mrs. Hallie Cherry, MissReba Lockhart, Mrs. Jack Woodsand ""Mrs. J. H. Moran, all of Paris,, and 'Miss Lannie Layson, of Millersburg; -MissKate Wilson, Miss Lucy Lowry;(registered nurses), Mrs. HarryKerslake, Miss Mary Wood, Miss.Mary Wood, Miss Flora Hill, "Mrs.Harry Brent Fithian, Miss Stella"Price; Miss Lillian G. Mason, otNorth Middletown.THE PENDLETON SHOPNew Georgette blouses, beaded andi.wool embroidery in latest modelsand colors.PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) Lexington. Kym m m fboys' $10 suits: B';lAn elegant assortment of nobbystyles and patterns. All sizes. 'J. W. DAVIS & CO. ,te j bh vSMOKE PROM POEEST PIEES"BEACHES PARIS.Smoke which enveloped Paris Sunday night caused much speculation,as to its origin and from whence itcame. The smoke is said to havecome from the forest fires raging inMinnesota. Due to the high windsblowing in. a southerly direction- the ,smoke spread all over Central Kentucky and caused much excitement.It was -accompanied by a very pun?gent smell of burning pine, dueCtothe destruction of the immense pine 'forests by fire.ftbookkeeper-stenographer, has Ire-signed to go into war work, StanleyConner, elevator, operator, .haagom-feei-iora- utcgcymgtowar work in -KneifeTftittrand Will Carter, colored, janitor, hasgone into agricultural work helping:in farm work, seeding wheat.Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Lytle receiveda letter from their son, John, yesterday, who is stationed at Camp Custer, Mich. He states that he is welland has had no symptoms of the epidepnic, but that there are 7,000 casesof influenza at the camp.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Linville, of"Seventh street, are in receipt of acard from their son. Private JamesR. Linville, announcing his safe ar-rival overseas. Young Linville is amember of Co. D., 149th Infantry.He was at Camp Zachary Taylor be-:fore being transferred to an Easternport of embarkation. rMrs. L. Saloshin has received wordfrom Mukilteo, Wash., that her son,Jake Saloshin, who was a member ofthe "Six Misfits," who left here oxi '.special service some time ago, had anarm broken at a lumber mill at thatplace. A letter from Jake statedL 'however, that the injury is not serf--ous. ..J. W. Waller, of Paris, Charles Fer- ;guson, of Georgetown, who are with tthe A. E. F. in France, have written fto relatives here that they were in ,good health. That they had met ser-eral of the boys with the Barrow "Unit while in England and that theywere all happy and contented and-ageneral love-feast ensued for the .short while they were together.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, of Paris, re- ,ceived a card from her son, George("Tompny") Frakes, announcing hissafe arrival at an overseas port.Young Frakes enlisted from Louisville, where he was working for theAdams Express Co., was sent to CampTaylor, from there transferred to Ft.Benj. Harrison, then to Camp Mills,New York, finally embarking for thezone where war is raging.Kentucky was advised several daysago, that her quota of mechanics tobe trained in the public schools ofCincinnati, is 250.' Chairman Chas,A. McMillan, of the local DraftBoard, was advised that Bourbon-county would be expected to furnish 'two of this number. Other quotas X orsurrounding counties are:f Frankli,.JL0;. Fayette,' 12; Montgomery,, '4 $- 'Nicholas, 2; Scott, 2; Woodford, 9; HShelby, 2.?Ireland "Bit" Davis, who is a truck" "'"driver, in the service at Vancouver,Wash., writes that he has gainedten v:, ,pounds and is enjoying fine 'health, r.and is pleased with his duties, al- , .though he has little time for, writing:or other recreafion. The regular. 'hours, good, " wholesome food, plenty, ' -ofsleep and, fresh air are sure, making some man of him. He says thatwhen- th boys 'write 4hat "timefor;writing' is scarce'- to believe wkafc j-Tthey say., "Tell all iay '.xrians.,t,. iwrite, as -latter from:the little ol ytown sure-keks good. My -adaraai.ia: --42 &, Sad",'. youvr Cant., Vaacocr- :ver, Wtih.".:r-vA .V;5 sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.MB TWO' wi"f?, -gag fafa- riS-ytfe$feTUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 191& 7if8PERUNAand MANAUNMrs, E. M. Harris, R, R..No. 3, Ashland, Wi& sendsa message of cEeer to thesick:"After following your adviceand using: Peruna and ManaHn, I-was csred. of catarrh, of the bom,threat anti utomnck, Sxom wnicnI had suffered for several Tears.When I commenced taking: Peruna X could not make ray bedwithout tPFi to rest. Now XME BOURBON NEWSilished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationHWished Every Tuesday and FridayYear. . ?2.oo 6 Montns. . si.ooPayable in Adavance.IWHT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.gPatored at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Clau.)Any erroneous reflection upon theIkssWaoter, standing or reputation ofHj person, firm or corporation which,pair appear In the columns of THEpOUZtBON NEWS will be gladly cor-if. brought to attention or theADVERTISING RATESIDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perfor first time; 50 cents per inciiMCli subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineamdi issue; reading notices in blackjfcyfQ, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andstMllar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise-smiitfl and yearly contracts.Hie right of publisher Is reservedfm decline any advertisement or other . and disturbed more, making two exasfttter for publication. itra trips before the main organiza-Announcements for political oftlces lioil was aDie to bring up supplies inmst invariably be accompanied by r quantities.tha cash..aittZ&fP1'p Thifrbaoer has enlistedWth the government in thefAVse of America for theferiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.'. Fower, Coal, Industry.The United States Chamber of Commerce has options upon public questions and? it has taken a crack at thejFederal Trade Commission, because ofthe attitude of the Commission to-"Ward some of the principal industriesof the country. The Chamber ofCommerce is a sort of clearing housefor, all local organizations throughoutthe' :TTnited States, and among the discoveries it has made, and which hasBeen, embraced m resolutions, is onewhifclr ''recommends to State and local-authorities that they recognizetha unusual and onero'is conditionswith which public utilities companiesare-.contending, and that in the interests of the companies, of businessof the public, they give prompt andyjchpathetic hearing to the petitionsof sack utilities for-assistance and relief-.Before the war power produced uneoxmomically was merely a questionof expense, but now it is playing aTery large part in the coal-savingproblem of the Fuel Administration.Consolidation of power plants atRichmond, Virginia, Ludlow, Massachusetts; Worcester, Ohio; Charleston West Virginia; Kirkwood,Missouri, and at Clinton, Indiana, asreported to the Fuel Administration,would' mean a yearly saving of 35,000 tons-of coal. In these locationstia" economical stations have takenover the less economical ones. Fortyppwer plants have been closed downin. New York City and twenty-fiveplants in Chicago. These instancesare: typical" of what is being donethroughout the country by the inter-connection,of substitution of one3cind' for another, to effect fuel saving. The Capital Issues Committeerecently created' by Congress, iscbrged with supervision of issuanceto all State public utility commisatOaers the recommendation is made"tfe&t all extensions and bettermentswkioh. public service corporations areaccustomed to make in normal times,would in. our opinion, be postponedttU' after the war, unless an imme4fAi(& war purpose is served."Tobacco-Prom the Skies.Showers of "cigarettiw fell from theaktefe on the American fighters dririthe German out St. Michliel saliat. t This fact was announced in acthlh&xm receive by William J.HMUaa, chairmam of the Knights ofOtjkiiliu Committee on War Actirititf", at tke United War Work Cm-Cured Mefeted, ottbeNose, Throatand Stomach.do all my work and am in goodhealth. I recommend this valuable remedy to all suffering: fromany disease of the stomach, -Feramat Is Sold EverywherIxisald r Tablet Foratpaign headquarters. Fropn Americanairplanes 20,000 packages of cigarettes were dropped into the hands ofinfantrymen and artillerymen pressing forward in their victorioussqueeze which dislodged the enemyfrom the stronghold they held formore than three years. Each package was stamped "Compliments 'ofthe Knights of Columbus."The airplane service foi distributing cigarettes to the soldiers, while(the battle was in Drosress and theordinary foot or motor methods ofreaching the men in the front lineswere unavailable, was established byMartin V. Merle, of San Francisco, aK. of C. secretary, with the co-operationof an American airplane unit.After the fight soldiers related howpleasantly surprised they had beenwhen cigarettes dropped from onhigh. They declared no service intheir behalf ever had pleased them asmuch as this ultra modern deliveryof "smokes."The Y. M. C. A. workers won newfriends at St. Michiel. One Red Triangle man, with a huge pack on hisback, moved forward with a certainunit, after obtaining the permissionof the commander. At the first pause,in the shelter of a slight rise ofground, he distributed a cake ofchocolate and a pack of cigarettes toeach soldier until his supply was exhausted. He replenished this supplyLet Well Enough Alone,There should be no- interferencewith the so-called daylight savingFederal law until the war is over,and even then it may be the bestpolicy to continue it. Common-senseBen Franklin, even in the days ofcandles and whale-oil lamps preceivedthe useless waste of artificial light inPhiladelphia and wrote sarcasticallyagainst it.Reports to the Fuel Administratorgo to show that adherence to the lawwill save hundreds of thousands oftons of fuel in the large cities thiswinter, an item iot to be despised inview of the repetition of the coalshortage. Besides, the communitieshave adjusted themselves to the neworder of things, and nothing is to begained from disturbing it. When thenew system grows expensive in the(matter of manufactured illuminationit will be time enoughmaking the change.to discussThe Liberty Loan.The present Liberty Loan driveslacks nothing when measured by theyard-stick of "preparedness." Secretary McAdoo started the ball rollingat Carnegie Hall, in New York; andnow the Secretary is giving directpersonal attention to the management of the campaign thioughout thecountry. Mr. McAdoo is being compared with Alexander Hamilton as a"great Secretary of the Treasury."Hamilton furnished the formula formaking money, but McAdoo knows"how to get the money" better thanany other man who has been at thehead of the Treasury."Everyone should feel that every dollar, they can spare should go intohelping finance their country's needs.And while buying bonds those whocome into possession of these securities should learn the necessity of caring for them. Thousands of LibertyBonds have been reported as havingbeen "either lost or stolen" and thewhole diftlculty is due to the factthat many holders do not realize thenecessity of safeguarding theirpossessions. Many patriotic bankshave volunteered to act as custodiansof these bonds, without charge to theowners. It is a practice that mightvery well be generally adopted, especially in sections where the possesssion of a safety deposit box is notcommon. The Government is givingthe people a chance to share in Liberty Bonds on the largest scale yetbrought forward. The Loan will goover the top, just as have the onesthat have preceded it.fsj sa tetSINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind., writes: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."(adv-oct)What It Shows.The woman who worries overmuchabout the kind of hat she is going towear shows that the hat will be worthaod deal more than the head it isto cv New York IfaiLiHSBBuy MORE BondsTHE UNCOVERED SNEEZE HELDAS A JnjUSJWLiJnJtiAJNU.K.Dr. Herman M. Biggs, State Commissioner of Health, of New York,was directed by the Public HealthCouncil of the State Department, ata meeting in New York, to takecharge of the Spanish influenza situation in the State. He was orderedto spare no expense in getting machinery of his departpnent into immediate action to check the alarmingspread of the disease. The epidemicwas reported to be more serious upState than in New York City.Instructions will be sent by Dr.Biggs to every health officer in theState concerning means for combating the disease and preventing itsspread.The council adopted a rule makingit a misdemeanor for any person tocough or sneeze in a public placeanywhere in the State without covering the mouth or nose. Violatorswill be rigidly prosecuted. Punishment will be ? 500 fine or one year inprison or both.ps pa laSNAKE KILLED AND BY AWOMAN.(Lewisburg Leader.)One of the largest snakes we haveheard of lately, was killed by Mrs.Rufus Lawson last Saturday. It wasthree inches in diameter and aboutfour feet long. It was of a spottedand a velvet-like appearance. Mrs.Lawson found the snake in her yardand bravely attacked it with a spadeand soon had it out of business. Shealso killed about fifty small oneswhich ran from the large snake'smouth.is fe aDON'T SCOLD, MOTHER!THE CROSS CHILD ISBILIOUS, FEVERISHLook At Tongue! If Coated, CleanLittle Stomach, Liver,Bowels.Don't scold your fretful peevishchild. See if tongue is coated; thisis a sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally, hasstomachache, indigestion, diarrhoea,give a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," and in a few hoursall the foul waste, the sour bile andfermentating food passes out of thebowels and you have a well and playful child again. Children love this'harmless 'fruit laxative," a-nd mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to make their lit-tie "insides" clean and sweet.Keep it handy, mother! A littlegiven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow, but get the genuine. Askyour druggist for a bottle of "California Syrup of Figs'' which hW directions for babies, children of tilages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Rememberthere are counterfeits sold here, sosurely look and see- that yours ismade by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." Hand back with contempt any other fig syrup.(adv)m m mHISTORIC STOVE.(Harrodsburg Democrat.)Mr. Charles Powell, the junk deal-er,one day last weeK bought iroman old colored woman near Shakertown an old-fashioned wood stove.The iron in the stove was almost aninch thick, and employes around thejunk shop tried to demolish the stovewith a sledge hammer and failed irithe undertaking. The stove was somade that the large front door couldbe raised and andirons placed thereinto support the wood used in makingthe fires. The stove was oddly constructed and was used by the Shakersof the long ago. Burgin .& Embry,who are conducting the ShakertownInn, heard of the relic and purchasedit from Mr. Powell.PEEL LIKE GIVING UP?Many Paris People On the Vcre ofCollapse.A bad back makes you miserableall the time.Lame every morning; sore all day.It hurts to stoop it hurts tostraighten.What with headache, dizzy spells,urinary weakness.No wonder people are discouraged.Who do not know the kidneys maybe the cause of it all.Give the weakened kidneys needfulhelp.Use a tested and proven kidneyremedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills with good resultsand I know from the help they gaveme that they would be just as beneficial in other cases of kidney touble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneysacted irregularly. Donan's KidneyPills rid me of those complaints andif I should need a kidney remedyagain, I would certainly take Doan's." Mrs. Mastin is only one of jmanyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs. Mastin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When your back is lame remember the name."(adv)I to mTalent.Talent is what enables the man wh$writes you a letter about cord tires tomake you think you need five new onesright away, though before you receivedhis communication.your heart had beathigh with hope that the ones you haiwould last through the season.Buy MORE BondsA-I-M BRINGS HEALTH TO, SICK.Doctors Are Quick to Recommend Useof Acid Iron Mineral in TheirPractice Because of ItsWonderful CurativeProperties.Acid Iron Mineral, the wonderfulproduct from great mineral mines isbuilding up thousands of run-down,sickly people who have not known awell day for years, and bringing toour offices daily thousands of lettersoft hankfulness from grateful people who have gained health and relief fom their sufferings.As a tonic, as an aid to better digestion, as a blood purifier, as relieffor rheumatism and as a help inmany other diseases, you will findthat A-I-M will accomplish wonderswonders that you never expected orthought possible.Thousands of testimonials here onfile in our offices attest in no uncertain way how this famous remedy has;come to the aid of the sick when theyhad given up all hope. We will beglad to send you literature and copiesof testimonials if you will write usj giving your name and address.J. C. Shelton, of 502 Twelfth street,N. W. Roanoke, Va., in no uncertainterms tells how A-I-M helped to relieve rheumatism and chronic indigestion, saying in part: "After the firstbottle I began to feel better, and Itake great pleasure in recommendingit to all sufferers with Indigestionand rheumatism."The price of Acid Iron Mineral issmall, but the benefits you get arenot to be measured in dollars andcents. Start to-day on the road tohealth. Go to your druggist or general store and get a bottle of thismarvelous remedy. It does not contain any alcohol or other harmfuldrugs and, besides, is guaranteed toprove satisfactory or your money willbe refunded at the store where youbought it.If not obtainable in your neighborhood send direct to Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke Va., and it willbe sent to you postage paid.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)A Frenchman is the inventor of anelectric clock that runs without attention as long as its battery is ingood condition.. las Tea bgEurope's largest turbine is a 15,000 horsepower affair installed by aSwiss hydroelectric plant.MICKIE SAYSAlNC vt steue HONsome yooo scoots inhis rovm vjho pv txrneic other oats wowptANO R6GLAO. VMtll. PEROtf-tae neJSPAPeft iw wL -." . . . . ...TWO tU THTOfe TCfMUAT Ik STRETCHSUOHROCCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSBRIGHTEK:EVENINGSic www 5jL rvViBur iWi-?fEfc-.lsUFSirassll "I L&kMNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseuectrctyTor CightingIt's the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating ana CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yon UpFor the Use ef BothElectricity aid Gat.Paris Gas & Electric Co.- (Incorporated)BRONCHIAL HODBLE..Mrs. A. -E.. Sidenberder, Rockfleld,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlything that gives me relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.Typewriter Wanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tf)WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMrs. Mina M. Howell are requestedto settle with the undersigned administrator. Those having claims against" theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. JAMES M. HUKILL,(27-3wks) Administrator.It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto seleGt from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYPrompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.Good business practice demands the prompt paymentof bills. This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4gQa .crgfr iflr S?0jgSggj?z vJ-The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyiXIWANTED.Kitchen Range and Gas Heaters.Must be in good condition.Call undersigned at Windsor Hotel,phone, 127.MRS. RICHARD BUTLER.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Wanted Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 per hundred pounds.-Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.-Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l'a.Lambskins, $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.W. H. CA1OT0N,Local Manager!Ka a :sxWest Fifh StreetXIXISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD! 1'AIXIXIXWith all thelatestimprove-ments m laundry appliances"r&z-l uu expert neipers we are?-r - tr i prepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.xlXITUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1318.TBI BOURBON NEWS. PAW RtM 4t-n,virVwProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402HBST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nof e and ThroatBOOHS 403404URST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136Margolen'sSANITARYMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUsanOrderwMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, Pork" BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376THESENEW HATSAre More Attractive ThanAny We Have ShownFor Years.So it is to your advantage tocome and select one to-day. Wehave assortments at$1.98 $3.50$2.98 $4.00AND UP.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.'BBwWbBBBBBBBUNCLE SAM'S lADlflCEJN FLUU. S. Public Health Service UsuiOfficial Health Bulletinon Influenza.LATEST WORD ON SUBJECT.Epidemic Probably Not Spanish InOrigin Germ Still Unknown People 8bouId Guard Against "DropletInfection" Surgeon General BlueMakes Authoritative Statement.Wuhlnstoo, D. a (Special.) Although King Alfonso of Spain wasone of the victims of the Influenza epidemic In 1893 and again this summer,Spanish authorities repudiate anyclaim to Influenza as a "Spanish" disease. If the people of this country donot take care the epidemic will become so widespread throughout theUnited States that soon we shall hearthe disease called "American" influenza. In response to a request for definiteInformation concerning Spanish influenza, Surgeon General Rupert Blue ofthe U. S. Public Health Service hasauthorized the following official Interview: What is Spanish influenza? Is itsomething new? Does It come from8 pain?"The disease now occurring in thiscountry and called 'Spanish Influenza' resembles a very contagious kindof cold,' accompanied by fever, painsCoughs and Sneezes.Spread DiseasesADangerosaaPcesoa6sSheOin the head, eyes, ears, back or otherparts of the body and a feeling of severe sickness. In most of the cases fixesymptoms disappear after three or fourdays, the patient then rapidly recovering. Some of the patients, however,develop pneumonia, or tnusmmflflonof the ear, or meningitis, and many "ofthese complicated cases die. Whetherthis so-called 'Spanish' influenza isidentical with the epidemics of Influenza of earlier years Is not yet known."Epidemics of Influenza have visitedthis country since 1647. It is Interesting to know that this first epidemlewas brought here from Valencia,Spain. Since that time there havejDeen numerous eptaemics ox tne disease. In 1889 and 1890 an epidemicof influenza, starting somewhere in theOrient, spread first to Bvssla andthence over practically the entire drilled world. Three yjsarm later therewas another flare-up of the disease.Both times the epidemic spread widely over the United States.4Althogh the pient epidemic Iscalled 'Spanish influenza, there Is noreason to believe -that it originated 'inSpain. Some writers who have studiedthe Question believe that the epidemiccame from the Orient and they call attention to the fact that the Germanemention the disease as occurring alongthe eastern front in the summer andfall of 1917."How oan "Spanish Influenza" be reoegnlaed? "There Is as yet no certain way inwhich a single case of 'Spanish influenza' can be recognized. Qn the other hand, recognition is easy wherethere is a group of cases. In contrastto the outbreaks of ordinary coughsand colds, which usually occur In thecold months, epidemics of influenza-may occur at any season of the year.Thus the present epidemic raged mostIntensely In Europe in May, June andJuly. Moreover, In the case of ordinary colds, the general symptoms(fever, pain, depression) are by nomeans as severe or as sodden in thehronset as they are m influents , Finally, ordinary colds do not spreadthrough the community so vapidly orso extensively as does Influence"In most cases a person taken sick;with influenza feels sick rather sudVidenlji He feels veak, has pains In theeyes, ears, head or back, and may besore all over. Many patients feeldizzy, some vomit. Most of the patients complain of feeling chilly, andwith this comes a fever in which thetemperature rises to 100 to 104. Inmost cases the pulse remains relatively slow.n appearance one is strode by thefact that the patient looks sick. Hiseyes and the inner side of his eyelidsmay be slightly bloodshot or coo-geated,' as the doctors say. TZiexexnay be running from the nose, orthere may be some cough. Tbeae signof a -cold- may not be marked ; nevertheless the patient looks and feels verstfek.-In addition to the appearance andthe symptoms as already described,axaaination of the patient's blood mayaid the physician in recognizing Span-1teftaanao' for it ha Msn tounaMw i .opssvsji U9wB A ? if rW X AMfcrflssrjB i wtm mj Mf sT 4s ioL vvthat In this disease the namber ofwhite corpuscles shows little or no increase above the normal. It Is possible that the laboratory Investigationsbow being made through the NationalResearch Council and the UnitedStates Hygienic Laboratory will furnish a more certain way in which individual cases of this disease can berecognized."What is the course of the disease?Do people die of It?"Ordinarily, the fever lasts fromthree to four days and the patient recovers. But while the proportion ofdeaths In the present epidemic hasgenerally been low, in some places theoutbreak has been severe and deathshave been numerous. When death occurs it is usually the result of a complication." What causes the disease and how Isit spread?"Bacteriologists who have studied influenza epidemics in the past havefound In many of the cases a verySmall rod-shaped germ called, after itsdiscoverer, Pfelffer's bacillus. In othercases of apparently the same kind ofdisease there were found pneumococcl,the germs of lobar pneumonia. Stillothers have been caused by streptococci, and by others germs with longnames."No matter what particular bind ofgerm causes the epidemic, It is nowbelieved that Influenza Is alwaysspread from person to person, thegerms being carried with the air alongwith the very small droplets of mucus,expelled by coughing or sneezing,forceful talking, and the like by onewho already has the germs of the disease. They may also be carried aboutin the air In the form of dust comingfrom dried mucus, from coughing andsneezing, or from careless people whospit on the floor and on the sidewalk.As In most other catching diseases, aperson who has only a mild attack ofthe disease himself may give a verysevere attack to others."What should B done by those whocatch the disease?"It is very important that every person who becomes sick with Influenzashould go home at once and go to bed.This will help keep away dangerouscomplications and will, at the sametime, keep the patient from scatteringthe disease far and wide. It Is highlydesirable that no one be allowed tosleep in the same room with the patient In fact, no one but the nurseshould be allowed in the room."If there is cough and sputum orrunning of the eyes and nose, careshould be taken that all such discharges are collected on bits of gauzeor rag or paper napkins and burned.If the patient complains of fever andheadache, he should be given water todrink, a cold compress to the foreheadand a light sponge. Only such medicine should be given as is prescribedby the doctor. It Is foolish to ask thedruggist to prescribe and may be dangerous to take the so-called 'safe, sureand harmless' remedies advertised by"patent medicine manufacturers."If the patient is so situated that hecan be attended only by some one whomust also look; after others in the family, It is advisable that such attendantwear a wrapper, apron or gown overthe ordinary house clothes while in thesick room and slip this off when leaving to look after the others.Curses and attendants will do wellto guard against breathing in dangerous disease germs by wearing a simplefold of gauze or mask while near thepatient". -4- '-Will a person who has had Influenzabefore catch the disease again?"It Is well known that an attack ofmeasles or scarlet fever or smallpoxusually protects a person against another attack of the same disease. Thisappears not to be true of Spanish influenza.' According to newspaper reports the King of Spain suffered anattack of Influenza during the epidemic thirty years agoj and was againstricken during the recent outbreak inSpain."How can one guard against Influenza? "In guarding against disease of allkinds, it is important that the body bekept strong and able to fight off disease germs. This can be done by having a proper proportion of work, playand rest, by keeping the body wellclothed, and by eating sufficient wholesome and properly selected food. Inconnection with diet, It Is well to remember that milk is one of the bestall-around foods obtainable for adultsas well as children. So far as a disease like influenza is concerned, healthauthorities everywhere recognize thevery close relation between its spreadand overcrowded homes. While it isnot always possible, especially intimes like the present, to avoid suchovercrowding, people should considerthe health danger and make everyeffort to reduce the home overcrowding to a minimum. The value of freshair through open windows cannot beover emphasized."When crowding is unavoidable, asin street cars, care should be taken tokeep the face so turned as not to Inhale directly the air breathed out byanother person."It is especially important to beware of the person who coughs orsneezes without covering his mouthand nose. It also follows that oneshould keep out of crowds and stuffyplaces as much as possible, keephomes, offices and workshops wellaired, spend some time out of doorseach day, walk to work if at all practicable in short, make every possibleeffort to breathe as much pure air aspossible."In all health matters follow the advice of your doctor and obey the regulations of your local and state healthofficers.""Cover up each cough and sneeze,If you dont youillaprad disease." -STOMACH PPSffT JPape's Diapeptin at Once Ends Dyspepsia, Acidity, Gas, Indigestion. Your meals hit back! Your stomach is SOUr. anirl p-orrtt and -urm foolbloated after eating or you haveheaVV lllTTmS nf inditrocHnn nain ryheadache, but never mind. Here isiiisuuu rener.Don't stay upset! Eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin and immediatelythe indigestion, gases, acidity and allstomach distress ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets are thesurest, quickest stomach relievers inthe world. They cost every little atdrug stores. (adv)ft F3 feVery Much Out of Place.Among the guests at a reception wasa distinguished man of letters. One ofthe ladies present suggested to thehostess that he seemed to be out ofplace at such a party. "Yes," repliedthe hostess, with a bright smile, "yousee, he can't talk anything but sense."- ISi fe 1 -EATANDCOMFORT.CAN NOWSLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became a,wreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my (misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I afn to-day entirely well"(adv-oct)Buy MORE Bonds?aSwift-Running Animals.The swiftest dog in the world, theI borzoi, or Russian wolfhound, has.piaqe record runs that show 75 feetin a second, while the gazelle hasshown measured speed of more than70 feet a second, which would give ita speed of 4,500feet in a minute if thepace could be kept up.te fe feA BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know that a beautiful woman always has a good digestion? Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adv-oct)la is isBuy MORE BondsTREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.Do You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will break down the delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience Insures accurate results. vDr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First .National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.j 11HIExtensive ShowingofSmart New Fashions lFor the Correctly GownedYoung Woman.Embracing reproductions and adaptations from the greatFrench and American designers who excel in modes ofyouthful character. Fur Trimmed and Plain TailoredSuits developed in soft Velours and Tricotines.CoatsOf charming new design in full plain models and luxu -riousfur trimmed effects, including the new Dolman an dInverness.Tailored DressesSmart, new, straight-line effects of Serge, Tricotine ,Tricollette, Satin and Velvet simple, yet possessing tha tsubtle charm of detail so desired.BlousesIn all the late suit colors, as well as flesh, black an dwhite. Models that are exclusive and out of the or -dinary.FursNew arrivals in rich soft Taupe Fox, Black Fox, Baaver ,Nutria and genuine Scotch Mole; matched sets or sepa -ratepieces. Fur Coats and Coatees of Hudson Seal ,Raccoon Mole, Squirrel and Muskrat.Junior and Children's DepartmentWe are showing a big new line of Coats, Dresses, Sweat -ers,Furs and Millinery.WOLF. WILE COLEXINGTON, KY.FARMERSWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELA1NDTRACTORIf you. are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGEOop; Fourth and Pleasant St, .:-:mmxiXIXI1II"XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIxIXIXIXIXIX!$-IXIV.r ty 4-"7 "'V&fA3,rtafc rxittsP it. -a , -.T i& 7-sITHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, XT. -fiii wn umimmTUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1S1&."' $'4 v 4 ....11!i'rV;(TY B0AB3) OF HEALTH ISSUESINFLUENZA WARNING" A Precaution: To prevent the: "presence and spread of epidemic in-' fluenza the City Board of Health sug-gests that people who suffer frompain in the head, eye, hack and inother parts of the hody, accompanied"by general lassitude or weakness,chilly sensation, a sudden rise of'temperature, with some dischargefrom nostrils, eyes red and a slightcough, should not go into - crowdedplaces, e. g., picture shows, churches,cars, etc; When sneezing or coughing do notneglect to protect the other person byusing handkerchief at mouth ornostrils.Plenty of fresh air, good food,regular hours and habits wilL go fartowards the protection of the community against the probable dangersof the above disease.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer..Administratrix's Sale-5-OF-Personal Property.The undersigned administratrix ofW. B. Woodford, will, at his latehome place on the Paris & Winchester Turnpike, Bourbon County, Kentucky, about five miles from Paris, onTuesday, Oct. 22, 1918,beginning about 10 a. m., expose topublic sale, his personal property, including: 53 yearling cattle;14 cows and calves;; 106 ewes;8 sows and 60 shoats;8 old mules;1 two-year-old horse mule;. 1 yearling mare mule;3 3-year-old saddle mare;1 aged saddle mare;1 combination pnare;1 combination horse.Lot of farming implements, corncrusher, corn sheller, wheat fan,rollers, wagons, cultivator, hay tedder, gas engine, silo filler, corn cutter, mowers, corn planter, etc.Also crop on the farm hay, rye,straw, corn, etc.Also rock crusher, circular saw, etc.Also carriage and harness, buggyand harness, spring-wagon, cart, andlot of work gear.Also lot of articles to be found onan up-to-date farm.TERMS.The sale will be made upon creditof three months, purchaser to execute bond with good surety to be approved by the undersigned, bearinginterest from date oi sale, or purchaser may pay cash.C. L. WOODFORD,Administratrix of the Estate of W. B.Woodford.(15-3t)WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the Sewine Hooms.Tuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's Society Catholic churchThursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Woman's Society Presbyterian church.Saturday Teacher's Circle.S. 0. S. Call For Surdcal Dressings.The Surgical Dressing Room, willbe open every day this week. Manyworkers are needed in order to fillthe large quota assigned. If necessary make a sacrifice to answer thiscall. The times are critical, a crisisis imminent. Measure up.When the American Red Crossworkshop in London received an urgent appeal for 200,000 flrstaidpackages, the committee in chargereplied, "We will deliver first-aidpackages as requested at rate of 15,000 a week, beginning at once." Theorder had to be filled without interfering with the regular hospital supply output of the shop, and eachpackage was to contain twelve articles, but the workshop exceeded its, promise tne nrst weeK, ana a lewweeks later, the entire order was inthe hands of the army authorities.ra A&uttOLX y i xstVolunteers From Bourbon ForEmergency Nurse ServiceThe call which was issued, lastweek asking for volunteer emergency nurses whose services wereneeded in caring for the soldiers suffering frqm the Spanish influenzain the contonments, met with aprompt and ready answer on the partof Paris and Bourbon county women.Twenty or more volunteered. As isoften the case, when The call firstcame the requirements were notsufficiently definite and there was abit of confusion. Some hospitaltraining or training acquired bymuch practical nursing is now foundto be necessary for placement in acantonment. However, should wehave a serious epidemic in our owncity the civilian population wouldfind this reserve list of capable women to be invaluable.Private Elgin Dalzell, Little Rock;died in Naval Hospital, PhiladelphiaNavy Yard; pneumonia; buried inNorth Middletown.Sergt. Bishop Batterton, Paris;died in Base Hospital, France;wounded in battle; buried in Prance.Corp. Allen Huddleston, Paris;died at Base Hospital, Camp Zachary Taylor; pneumonia; buried inParis.Private Harry H. Chinn, Jr., Jacksonville; died in Base Hospital, CampZachary Taylor; influenza; buried atJacksonville.Private Samuel Robertson, Millersburg; died at sea, on route to France;pneumonia; buried in France.Private Grover Butler, Paris;Maryland; influenza; buried at Paris.Private Ray Link, Hutchison; diedin Naval Hospital, Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, Great Lakes, 111.;influenza; buried at Paris.Private Joseph G. Holt, Paris; diedHin. wirmeLu-u, jy., .nospuai; uraemicpoisoning; buried at Paris.Private Charles E. Adair, Paris;died in Base Hospital, Camp Zachary Taylor, Ky.; influenza; buriedat Paris.Private John W. Sergeant, NorthMiddletown; killed in battle inFrance; buried in France.Private Robert Rice, North Middletown; died in Base Hospital, CampMeade, Md.; influenza; buried inNorth Middletown.Private John Blythe, Paris; dieddied in Base Hospital, Camp Meade J in Base Hospital, Camp Meade Md.-influenza: to be buried in Paris.Mrs. Carl Crawford and Mrs. N. A.Noore were called to Camp Buell,Saturday, as emergency nurses.Public SaleOFHorses, Cows, Hogs,Farm Implements,Corn, Etc.I will sell at public auction, on thefarm, at Austerlitz, Ky.f beginning at10 o'clock, a. m., onTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1918,old graybaymare, Perhorse, Per-One 7 yearcheron:One 3 year oldcheron :One 14 year old sorrel mare ;Two Jersey cows, fresh in March;Three cows;"One young Jersey cow with calf;Twenty-three shoats, 75 to 115pounds;Two shoats 135 pounds;One hog 300 pounds;One sow with five pigs, Duroc Jersey; Four sows, Duroc Jersey;One wagon and frame;One corn planter;One cultivator;One wheat drill;One sled;Two pair gears;One buggy;Two sets buggy harness;One new De Laval Separator;One cultivator;One two-horse carriage and doubleset harness in first class condition ;150 shocks corn;56 shocks fodder;One and one-half tons hay;Seventy-five chickens. "TERMS Made known, on date ofsale.JOHN S. HASKINS..GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(5oct-td)lor Influenza Patients At the Cantonments. Any one desiring to donate bedding for influenza patients at CampTaylor of Camp Buell may send suchdonations to tte Red Cross Roomsfrom which place they will be forwarded immediately. Pillows, sheets,pillow cases (18x24), blankets andtowels are needed.languages 6; lecturer 1; librarian 7;jmusician 22; osteopath 1; pharmacist 2; photographer 1; physician 1;publicity 3; teacher 118; inspector1; institutional manager 1; mailcarrier 1; postmistress 13; signaling1; telegraphy 11; telephone 36;driver of horse 8; driver of motorcar 27; railroad employment 1;camp work 11; local charities 4:club executive 9; district nursing 2;hospital nursing 19; investigator 1;playgrounds 12; protective association 1; dancing 9; music 13; readingaloud 33; relief visiting 47; settlement 4; surgical dressing 70; elementary, hygiene 2 ; dictation 7 ;first-aid 7; garment, hospital 45;local Red Cross, surgical dressingsand sewing 339.: "ft fti ?BFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)BAftKT NEAR SHELBYVILLESTR0YED BY FIRE.DE-A large barn on the AllendaleFarm, near Shelby ville, owned byMrs. S. T. Hennlng, of Louisville,was destroyed by Are Wednesday, together with its contents of hay,grain and feed, worth $12,000. Thetotal loss is $15,000, with $5,000 insurance. Hard work by a bucketbrigade kept the flames from spreading to the house and 'dairy barn,where the fapnous Allendale herd isquartered.Keen Your AppointmentsOrganizations engaged in variousfields of war service, the Red Cross,War Comjmunity Service and similarbodies, are complaining of the severe handicaps which they sufferfrom the failure of peisons to keeptheir appointments to perform certain tasks. Many instances are citedof excellent plans miscarryingthrough such failure. When a personpledges herself or himself to assist ina task the organizations made definite plans accordingly. Neglect exasperates, delays and disappoints.Keep your appointments!Countv Historian.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, ofParis, has been appointed Historianfor Bourbon county, for the collectionand compilation of the county's participation in the war. The appointment came from Mr. Fred Caldwell, of Louisville, who has been appointed State Historian. So far onlyfour or five States in the Union havetaken up this work.ComDilation of Registration.The following is a complete summary of the registration of women ofBourbon county, under the recent callfor women to engage in war activities. It shows the women of the cityand county are fully alive to thenecessities of the time, and are readyand willing to dedicate their ti,me andtalents to whatever they can do best.The list follows:Dairying 103; farming 78; fruitraising 2; gardening 153; poultryraising 426; stock-raising 16; accountant 8; bookkeeper 71; cashier21; clerical work 58; filing 15; officemanager 3; private secretary 9;typewriter 88; stenographer 67; careof children 163; cleaning 32; cooking426; housekeeping 1775; home industries 1097; knitting 613; laundress -169; practical nurse 103;trained attendant 10; seamstress167; waitress 18; boarding house 19;buyer 2; dressmaker 29; needletrades 6; forewoman 2; inspector 1;i janitress 3; laundry operator 1; man-iager 3; manicure, etc., 6; milliner19; restaurant 2; saleswoman 69; architect 1; artist 7; shoemaker 2;, draftsman 1; textiles 1; journalist 2;4PUBLIC SALEOFCypress Street Residence" We will sell at public sale on the premises, onFRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1918at two o'clock, p. m.f the splendid home of Mrs. W. A. Wallen, on Cypressetreet. Mrs. Wallen has moved away from Paris, and has placed hersplendid home on Cypress Street in our hands for immediate sale. It contains seven rooms, halls, proches, gas, electric lights, bath, and a splendid cellar. Lot 50x250, more or less. This home is in one of the bestneighborhoods in Paris, practically new and built for a home. Termsmade known on day of sale.call on iiarns & speakes, who will take pleasure in showingtheropertj.' - ,jt u tiyous.--(15-18-22)J hitA LETTER PROM PRIVATE SHUMATE. NOW IN FRANCE.i :Mr. Pilmore Shumate, of nearParis, received a letter the otherday from his son, Private ElmerShumate, who has been in Francesince last May, as a member of Battery B., 21st Field Artillery, American Expeditionary Force. The letter follows:"Somewhere In France."Dear Folks: I received your letters to-day and was certainly glad10 near trom you ail. 1 nave received several letters from you since!I have been over here, and am veryglad to have the chance to thank yojifor your goodness to me. I would!have written tD you much soonerbut we have had a very unsatisfactory way of getting material and a!place to write, so I just had to grabthe chance whenever it was offered.. . . .We have been out on the frontline of battle for some time, but arenow back at a rest camp, but we will;no doubt be back on the battle lineagain very soon. I like to be there,and I am telling you the truth,would rather be in action, than lay-?ing around a camp Well, this1leaves me well and in fine health- I),nave traveled over manyparts ofiFrance, and while it is a fine country, it is not at all like our good old1U. S. A. Of course, everything hereis so very different from the way. weAmericans do it. I will have lots totell you when I get back Say,folks, I would certainly like to seeTHE BOURBON NEWS once in awhile, so I can get the news itemsof what is going on around the oldplace. . . .Well, it's time for the messcall, so as there is very little goingon in the news line that would beof interest to you. I will close forthis time. Please write to me againvery soon. With love, I am,"PRIVATE ELMER SHUMATE,"Battery B., 21st Fld. Art., Amer.Expdtry Force, Via New York'.''TAX PAYERS, NOTICE.No matter if you only paypoll tax, you are required bylaw to report to us. Time isgrowing short for reportingtaxes. Do so NOW and avoidpenalty.WALTER CLARK,-Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(oct8-tf)isa pa te 'SEND MEN TO CAMP KNOXFor the construction of Camps.nox at stitnton thousands of la-,'Dorers, carpenters, mechanics, areneeded at high wages. It is of enormous ijmportance in the prosecution of the war that Camp Knox becompleted witnout delay. It is oenormous importance to Kentucky,and to Louisville, that a good showing of both patriotism and quickworK oe made at Camp Knox.Every employer of the classes oflabor which are needed at CampKnox should in so far as it is possiblerelease for work at the camp men inhis employ. The work will be finished bef ore the first of the year.That it may not lag all building andother work which can be put off until Iafter the first of the year should beput off. Nobody who is loyal to theflag or faithful to the interest of Ken- itucley will put to work upon avoidable private work any laborer, mechanic, carpenter or any other manwho could be of use at Camp Knox.Reverse, in applying it o your private building projects, or to otherwork that can he delayed. ia familiar "Do it now," make it "Don'tdo it now." Put off until to-morrowthat which need not be done toHlaand help, by loaning men to CampJKnox, the winning of the war. ,For Rent.Cottage of five rooms on Higginsavenue. Has bath, gas, electriclight and all modern conveniences.Call at premises, No. 681 Higginsavenue. (15-tf)FOR SALESix-cylinder, 5-passepger SaxonAutomobile, in good condition. Hasbrand-new batteries. A bargain fora quick buyer.PHIL MAHER,Cum. Phone 633. Paris, Ky.(15-2t)FOR RENT.Furnished rooms with all modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (15-4tFRANK&CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESmMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRBSSLSMisses' and Ladies' .SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSFRANK & CO.OVERCOATS!HatsNewVeloursinLatestShapesandColors$6.00to$10.00ShirtsNewPatterns inSilksPercalesandMadras$1.00to$10.00Your Overcoat is Hero!; We're ready to show you the most complete line of Overcoats for Men and Young Menm Pans. You aresure to find what you want here, as our lines have been carefullv selectedand only new styles bought. And they're beauties-these new styles with big collars readyto button up around your neck, with form-fitting or loose-belted backs. We can't say toomuch for the colors and patterns, for the new shades of browns, greens and greys aresurely beautiful As for values-well you know the Walsh way is to give you the best vaSues in town for the least money.$15.00to$50.00R P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.S4t Zstfgfc&rTUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918..xA.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KT."7 $." Vfcc-Jk. Jtf-.ifFOR THE BESTNOTHINGELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)I ia "sCOUNTRY SORGHUM.Genuine home-made country sorghum-Better buy while you can getit we nave it.(It)C. P. COOK & CO.HaHEY, LUKE!In Luke McLuke's column in Saturday's Cincinnati Enquirer the versatile and irrepressible humoristsa,ys, under the caption, "A StrongCombination:""The Sampson Market in Hazard,Ky., buys its goods from the PowerGrocery Co., of Paris, Ky."TOP-COAT WEATHERWith frost in the air you need atop or light weight overcoat. Excellent styles to choose from $20 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.T2l W3 T5lATTEND THIS SALEHarris & Speakes will sell the W.A Wallen home on Cypress street, atpublic sale on Friday, Oct. 25, at twoo'clock p. m. This is a splendidhome, none better in Paris, and offersa rare chance to get a comfortablehome, a house built to be a home.Attend this sale and bid for a neat,bubstantial home. (15-lt)S E3 feTO DISCONTINUE STATIONAt the meeting of the KentuckyState Railroad Commission, held inFrankfort, Friday, the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Co. presented apetition asking for permission to discontinue the depot at Kenney Station, in this county. The petitionwas taken under advertisement bythe commission.P PaATTRACTIVE DRESSESThe Pendleton Shop has just received a shipment of attractive dresses in serges and satins. 135 E. MainStreet, Lexington, Ky. (15-3t)PaWALLEN HOME POR SALE.The W,. A. Wallen home, on Cypressstreet, a house built for a real home,will be offered at public sale by Harris & Speakes on Friday, Oct. 25th,at two o'clock. There is no betterconstructed house in Paris, and thepurchaser will get a home that theywill always enjoy living in. Attendthis sale and get a good home.7 mBACK TO GUARD HOUSE.SED CROSSRECEIVESCALL.S. 0. S.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.vomingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.IHenry Patterson, colored, whowas arrested several days ago on the jJos. Connell farm, near Paris, by Patrolman Geo. W. Judy as a deserterfrom Camp Taylor, was taken backto the Camp Saturday by PatrolmanJudy. Patterson confessed to beinga deserter, and will undergo a courtmartial trial at the camp.t-,v. 1 :The management of the BourbonCounty Chapter of the Red Cross,which has its offices and sewingrooms in the basement of the courthouse, have received the S. O. S. calldirect from France asking all RedCross helpers to assist in every waypossible in the work.The rooms are wrell ventilated, andeverybody is asked to be sure theyhaven't a cold before coming to thebuilding. ,im 1. ifcSTOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.1 fe 155PAY YOUR WATER RENTWater rents are due and payable at office. Call at once.(tf) PARIS WATER CO.pa la laADMINISTRATOR APPOINTEDIn the County Court the followingorders have been entered conferringauthority on the persons named below to act in an administrative capacity as administrators and executors of estates of deceased Bourboncounty people:George W. Link was named as administrator of the estate of his son,the late Leslie Raymond Link, whodied of influenza at the Great LakesNaval Training Station. Mr. Linkqualified by furnishing bond in thesum of $2,000, with Mr. Robt. Meteer as surety.Mrs. Lida Boardman was appointedand qualified as administratrix of theestate of her husband, the late Mr.J. U. Boardman, who died suddenlyin this city some days ago. She executed bond in the sum of $3,500,with Mr. Geo. W. Wyatt, Jr., assurety.G. P. Hughes qualified as executorof the estate of his father, the lateWilliam Hughes, colored, by furnishing bond in the sum of $4,000, thesurety being furnished-by a bondingcompany. ,. , . . ,Miss Julia Houston is a guest ofrelatives in Tulsa. Oklahoma.Mr. Walter s. Meng has returnedfrom a business trip to Indianapolis.Mr. Alexander Howard, of Covington, is a guest of relatives in thiscity.Mr. J. W. Mallory is visitingrelatives in Elizaville, Flemingcounty.Mrs. James Cummins, Jr., of nearPans, is visiting Mrs. Mansfield, inGeorgetown.Mrs. Morton Colliver, of NewYork, is a guest of Mrs. J. H. Colliverand family in this city.Mrs. Sam Willis has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Vaughn Drake, in Winchester.Mrs. Charles Sauer is recoveringfrom an attack of la grippe at herhome an West Seventh street.Mr. James W. Jacoby, who hasbeen very ill at his home nearHutchison, is able to beo ut .again.Miss Mary Talbott has returnedto her home in Gradeu City, Mo., after a visit to relatives in this county.Mr. S. V. Brents, publicity manfor the Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo., is visiting relatives in Ashland,Ky.Mrs. W. R. Florence, of Brackencounty, is a guest of her daughterMrs. O. T. Wagoner, and Mr. Wagoner. Mr. Charles Duncan has returned to his home in this city from abusiness trip to points in South Carolina. Mrs. Louis Taylor, of Paris, whohas been very ill in New York, whereshe had stopped to visit friends, isimproving.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson anddaughter, Mrs. Durand Whipple, areat home from a visit to relatives inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Huffman havemoved from Fifteenth street to thecottage at the corner of Eighth streetand Walker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Joel C. Rowland,guests of Mr. and Mrs. Allie Rowland, in this city, have returned totheir home in Lexington.Mr. Martin Heller, of Huntington, West Virginia, is here as a gueston his parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. M.Heller, Sr., on Second street.Mrs. Nellie Holliday Valentine,of New York, is a guest of her sisters, the Misses Holliday and Mrs.George W. Judy, in this city.Mr. U. S. G. Pepper, former postmaster of Millersburg, now engagedin business in Huntington, W. Va., isvisiting Bourbon county relatives.Mrs. John Lee and daughter,Miss Ruth Lee, have returned froma visit to the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Lafe H. Dills, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Ernest Hosier returned toher home in Lexington, Saturday,after a week's visit to her mother,Mrs. Carrie F. 5tone, and other relatives. Mrs. Carrie F. Stone left yesterday for Lexington, where she willbecome one of the nursing staff incharge of influenza cases at CampBuell.Mr. Jesse R. Letton has gone toLeon Springs, Florida, where he willclose out his business and return toParis to reside on the farm he recently purchased.Miss Jesse .Spencer, of Lexington,guest of her sister, Mrs. Wm. Ardery,will leave this week to spend thewinter .wUh relatives in Louisacounty, Virginia.Mrs. Lucinda Gosney has returned to her home in Concord, Pendleton county, after a visit to her sister, Mrs. John L. Day, who has beenvery ill at her home on Vine street.Miss Sena Rion, of Paris, hasgone to Winchester to reside in thefuture. Miss Rion will be in chargeof the suit and hat department of theTodd Department Store in that city.Mrs. James C. Dedian anddaughter, Miss Helen Dedman, havereturned to their home in Cynthiana,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft and family, on Houstonavenue.Mrs. W F. Chappel will movethis week to her new home on WestSeventh street. The home she willvacate will be occupied by Dr. andMrs. Will Kenney, after it has beenremodeled.Mrs. Lee Starke, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, for some timehas been removed to the home ofMr. and Mrs. Robert Langston, onScott avenue.Miss Lizzie Hill, of Paris, is apatient at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington, where she recently underwent a surgical operation.She was reported yesterday as beingvery much improved.On account of the school .whichshe was attending in Cincinnati, theUsraline Academy, closing during theinfluenza scare, Miss Mary FrancesCampbell has returned to her homein this city. .Among recent visitors in thecity and county were Mr. Dan Scottsurf son. Mr. H. B. Scott and Mr. Wm.17,-nr.oii nil nf Favette county, whowere making a tour of the county, inspecting the tobacco crops and barns.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis andMrs. Lavinia Estill Chenault Cunningham attended the funeral ofthe funeral of their relative, ex-GovernorJames B. McCreary, at RichTmond, and returned to Paris by wayof Lexington.Dr. J. T. Vansant has returnedfrom Orange, Va., where he was attending young Sam Clay Ward, whohas been very ill with Spanish influenza. Dr. Vansant reports that Mr.Ward and his brother, Mr. MillerWard, who has been ill at Charlottesville, Va., with the same malady, areboth' greatly improved.Mr. Gus Margolen, who hasbeen confined to his home by illnessfor the past ten days, is Improving.A letter from Mr. A. L. Soper tohis wife, in this city, stated that thetobacco market in Lagrange, N. Cr,where he had been connected. with alarp-A tobacco concern, had been clos-Ud on account of. the prevalence oflikely Return, to' Paris iintil- the situation had '-cleared up. , ,Mr. B. B. Joseph has recoveredfrom a serious illness of pneumonia.. --Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Flora and Mr.and Mrs. Theodore Richards ofFleming county,1 are guests of Mr,and Mrs. Perry J. McCord.m i wsDON'T DESTROY YOUR. COPYTO-DAY'S UEWS.OPThe United States Government,through the United States Employment Service, Louisville branch, asksall the subscribers and purchasers ofto-day's issue of THE NEWS not todestroy their copy.This issue contains a large displayadvertisement of conditions and (matters pertaining to Camp Knox, thenew artillery camp at Stithton,.Ky.,on the Illinois Central railroad, nearLouisville. The United States. -EmploymentService wishes to use theseadvertisements as posters for the recruiting of labor for Governmentwork at Camp Knox.Over the entire State these advertisements have appeared and are stillappearing in the daily, weekly andsemi-weekly papers, and every person who gets a copy of the paper containing the advertisement is requested to save it and post it up in a conspicuous place. Farmers and peopleliving in the country are asked tocut out the advertisement and postit up along the pike where it can beseen by everyone passing along.The Government is badly in needof labor to complete the work alreadybegun at Camp Knox, and Kentuckymust furnish it.1 fe TaVISIT THE PENDLETON SHOPOn account of the rapidly increasing business we have secured thebuilding formerly occupied by the L.& N. R. R. Co., and are displayingstylish hats for fall and winter.THE PENDLETON SHOP,(15-3t) " Lexington, Ky.HURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your city taxes on or before October 31st, last day, andavoid penalty, which will beattached to all unpaid Taxes onNovember 1st.W. W. MITCHELL,(td) City Collector.IT IS DONE!The FairAnd you would have done just asI have done, and now I am tellingyou about it.aSeveral weeks ago a factoryirginia shipped m,e as sample a -$ozen pieces or tne Jtte-iiinameieaWare on approval.I bought the whole lot at very low.figures. Now, I am ready and willingto give my customers and the publicthe benefit. Come in and inspect theline and decide for yourself.We also have some very prettydinner sets at special prices andeverything else pertaining to housefurnishings.THE FAIR.THE PICTUREFROM HOME!VHARRY SIMON'SDon't Forget It!The biggest and most vitalissue in the morale of our armyis keeping the boys cheerful andcare-free.When their routine work isover, thoughts naturally turn tohome. And the nearest ap-'proach to home is the letterfrom home with the simple homepictures made by brother or sister, father or mother.Keep Your Kodak BusyFor the Sake of the :Boys "Over There."Daugherty Bros.Kodaks and SuppliesFilms Developed FreeFifth and MainBIGClosingOutSale!wE ARE STILL KEPT BUSY accommodating our many customers with therare bargains we have offered ever since the beginning of our BIGCLOSING OUT SALE. In addition to the great bargains we have ahreadVoffered, we have added new lines of Fall and Winter Goods, which were boughtbefore we decided to close out the Paris store, and as the goods have advancedfrom 30 to 50 per cent we have decided to give the public the benefit of the lowprices which will be placed an all the new merchandise rather than give it to themanufacturers.THE NEW STOCK CONSISTS OFSuitsDresses SkirtsALSO A LINE OF .Children's Coats and DressesHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.afCTIM8mAMake the ComingWinter Hours AsCheerful as Possiblea.s..r..,ja-Te-?--S.g-Spanish influenza, and that he would twmyFPftr.frwff-rgMgfrrtirtHsijWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and RusIt will mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andsnug and "homey" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight ex-pensepf you will make your selections from our very complete stocksAlways bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourU goods.Wefshall be glad to see you.JUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUBTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STStin six'1 "i" "H ssjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, lflfc 2flLi1MN- "" '-'-TllllltOFT OFF CORNS!I Wfth fingers! Corns and calluses lift off. No pain!Magic! Just drop a little Freteonec twit touchy corn, instantly it stopsmmktmz, ifeea. vou lift the com off -withsfee sarara. Truly! No humbnir!CEOP PROSPECTS POE KENTUCKY THIS PAHTry Ereeeona! Your druggist sells ajfckiy bottle for a few cents, sufficient toxid youT ieet of every hard corn, softtxan, or corn between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone is thedi&coyery, of a noted Canrannati genius.STATETEEASURY HAS $1,143.974 BALANCEThe State Treasury's balance at theclose of business September 30 was$1,143,974.04, as follows: Sinkingfund, $16,416.11; school fund, $161,462.15; University of Kentucky, $8,328.74; general expenditures fund,$967,436.43; outside inteiest-bearingwarrants $5,108,332.47; outstandingAugust 31, $4,924,922.26."P3 E3 JCATARRH CANNOT BE CUBEDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease,, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,iand in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and acts"through the blood on the mucousEurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh. Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in tolacountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, cojm-Dinea with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such, wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct). The fellow who trades old friendsior new usually gets the worst of thebargain.1 1A friend in need seldom hesitatesto tell you so.QUICK RELIEFCrop prospects in Kentucky nowindicate the production of approximately 96,681,000 bushels of corncompared to 122.850,000 bushelsf I last year, while the total UnitedStates crop is expected to be about2,719,676,000 bushels compared to3,159,494,000 bushels last year. Itshould be remembered, however, thatthere was .a very large amount of softcorn' last year, while there will probably be much less this year.Tobacco in Kentucky is now expected to produce about 360,739,000pounds compared to 423,600,000pounds last year, while the totalUnited States crop is expected to beabout 1,266,031,000 pounds compared to 1,196,451,000 pounds last year.Because of being late in making itsgrowth the quality of Kentucky tobacco is still somewhat uncertain asmuch of it had to be cut green, butNorthern and Eastern States reportexcellent corps. The Western Kentucky and also the hurley districtcrops grew out wonderfully by largerthan first expected.Potatoes in Kentucky are now expected to produce 5,035,800 bushelscompared to 6,720,000 bushels lastyear, while the United States crop isexpected to be about 391,033000bushels compared to 442,536,000bushels last year.Sweet potatoes now promise about1,040,820 bushels in Kentucky compared to 1,140,000 bushels last year.The United States sweet potato croppromises about 85,489,850 bushelscompared to 87,141,000 busneis lastyear.Clover seed prospects are good inKentucky this season, being estimated now to produce about 52,000bushels compared to 46,000 bushelslast year, while the total UnitedStates crop is estimated at about 1,382,448 bushels compared to 1,356,000 bushels last year.Late reports from the springwheat territory in the Northwest indicate good yields of high quality,the average yield being estimated at16.1 bushels, compared to a ten-yearaverage of 13.1 bushels, and thequality at 94.8 compared to a ten jyear average of 86.7.The commercial apple crop in theUnited States is now estimated atat 24,400,000 barrels compared to22,519,000 barrels last year. Thisdoes not include farm crops that arenot ordinarily marketed. The Northwestern boxed apple crop is short, butthe Eastern crop is heavy, especiallyin Western New York and the Shenandoah-Cumberlanddistrict of WestVirginia, .Maryland, Virginia andPennsylvania, There is practicallyno important apple crop in Kentuckythis year, though a few scatteredorchards report some fruit.More detailed reports on the production of crops in any year or seriesof years, price records, etc., may beobtained by those interested, whowill address the United States Bureauof Crop Estimates, 520 Custom House,Louisville, Ky.IS 3 TSBuy MORE BondsHI CONSTIPATIONGet Dr. Edwards Olive TabletsThat is the joyful cry of thousandssince Dr. Edwards produced Olive Tablets,the substitute for calomeLDr. Edwards, a practicing phyitdan for17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,discovered the formula for Olive Tabletswhile treating patients for chronic conatipation and torpid livers.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets do notcontain calomel, but a healing, soothingvegetable laxative.No griping is the "keynote of theselittle acgar-coated, olive-colored tablets.They cause the bowels and liver to actnormally. They never force them tounnatural action.If you have a "dark brown mouth nowand then a bad breath a dull, tiredSeelingsick headache torpid liver andre constipated, you'll find quick, sure andonly pleasant results from one or two little Dr. Edwards' Oihre Tablets at bedtime.' Thousands take one or two every nightjust to keep right Try them. 10c and25c per box. All druggists.HELP FILLTHE DEMAND FORTRAINEDIIIIBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand.We court a thorough investigation. Send for free Booklet, "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.4 Write, phone or call at school forfull information.- Fugazzi School of- BusinessEfficiency is Our Watchword. Miss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 J. Upper St.. Second Floor.' Lexington. Ky.PEW CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUPE ANDSTOPS FALLING HAIRSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy and BeautifulTry This!Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feverishness and itching of the scalp, whichif not remedied causes the hair rootsto shrink, loosen and die then thehair falls out fast. A little Danderineto-night now any time will surely save your hair.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on thatlife, lustre and luxuriance which is sobeautiful. It will become wavy andfluffy and have the appearance ofabundance, an incomparable glossand softness; but what will pleaseyou most will be after just a fewweeks' use, when you will actuallysee a lot of fine, downy hair newhair growing all over the scalp.(adv)?s aa PaErectness.Sit, stand and walk erect This keepsour circulation in order and also expands our lungs to the fullest Bestraight like the Indian who believedin being erect, and in reaching hishighest stature that he might the better listen to the voice of the GreatSpirit Camp Fire Magazine Wokepo.STOP LUMBAGO PAIN,RUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Limber Ud! RubPain, Soreness, Stiffness RisrhtOut With "St. Jacob'sLiniment."When your back is sore and lnmAor lumbago, sciatica or neuritis hasyou stiffened up, don't suffer! Get asmall trial bottle of old, honest "St.Jacob's Liniment" at any drug store,pour a little in your hand and rub itright into the pain or ache, and bythe time you count fifty, the sorenessand lameness is gone.Don't stay crippled! This soothing,penetrating liniment takes the acheand pain right out and ends the misery. It is magical, yet absolutelyharmless and doesn't burn or disorderthe skin.Nothing else stops lumbago, sciatica and lame back misery so .promptly and surely. It never disappoints!(adv)Buy MORE BondsWhenGrandmaComesthe DirtMusi FlyIBBBB. SIS if A. mI J fbt Socks You V SjSJcV fNNt mUl GRANDMA ll( ' AMake them soft and fluffy. 1 1 ( r lttI No rosin in GRANDMA I ' , t Vto shrink them and make A I N yvlsVM them stiff and hard, i K lll 1 " ji MBw SSSKSk r asE s L Vl BSBBBBBBBBBBBBsVA i. MBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBS .1 Si m. m SiPsbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI HSr "BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBJ X SB BAssssssssssssH F,M ; A . ,Cist 5sBBBSy-fsssw i tif&KBSJMm'BBBBBBBBsW If M.mW l ocsf a--1 (TL tl?w'Y-K,' 1 Size Packager !Dirt Just Rolls Out!OUT goes the dirt. Grandma sees tothat. Those great, big, bubbling,cleansing Grandma suds just surgethrough the clothes and not a bit ofdirt can stay. , No rubbing necessary.u-hGRANDMA'SPowdered SOAPZfrh&L.,"-"-. i.1Just sprinkle Grandma in the tub and then, millions of glorious, cleansing suds in an instant.It's wonderful how Grandma does the work. Itmakes no difference if the water is hard, soft, hot orcold, the result is always the same. Grandma is thegreatest ail round household soap of the ageIT Spowdered. No chippincr or slicing. No whole barswasting away when Grandma is on hand.Try this Powdered Soap TodayYour Grocer Has It!That Golden Tomorrow.It is easy to believe in that goldentomorrow. To young people partiallarly, the future seems bright- withpromise, no matter what the complexion of the present. But it shouldbe remembered that tomorrow is likely to have a strong resemblance to today, and that the future fs made golden by ardent work in the presentAlmost Beyond Imagination.Astronomers reckon that there areat least 1,000,000,000,000 suns in theuniverse ; and some of them are so fardistant that light starting from themlong before the earliest dawn of human history has not yet had time toreach ns.GEoTw. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 2S9Corntr Fifth and Ptasant Struts, Paris, Ky .?I.(. AH,,iIiBuy MORE BondsV. .-ita.-tfe4ylf r iflfcjJfts-' -. .r TBWS&a.k4t4U ftsr-awfeHBtjgiv WJ-.1 . v J tvrft i 1 .imTUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918."W "piTmiwy ".'ww'1w. THE BOUEBON NEWS, PABIS, KXHTUCKY.page shotSOLDIER IS HEROOF ALL ITALIANSOol. Pietro Gleifese, commander ofthe gallant Fifty-second infantry regiment which held the upper Piave linefor three days against the onrush ofthe Teuton hordes. Although greatlyoutnumbered the gallant troops heldthe enemy at bay until re-enforcementscould be brought up. In doingso they saved the entire Piave linethe loss of which would probably havemeant a rout of the Italian army. Colonel Gheifese, who commanded thebrave soldiers in their wonderful defense has become the idol of all Italians.BRITISH RESCUEDBY YANK AMORSSave Crew of Seaplane ForcedDown in Fight With fivep.. Foe Flyers; .j 'The" feat of two American" aviatorsin rescuing the crew of a British seaplane which had been forced to landon the surface of the North sea afteran encounter with a group of Germanairplanes, received mention in a British communique. The official statement, however, said only:"In one case a stray bullet shotaway a control, and the British machine was forced to alight. The crewwere subsequently rescued by anotherBritish seaplane which had been sentto search for them."The rescuing machine was mannedby Ensigns Benjamin Lee and J. J.Schieffelin of the American naval aviation service. Ensign Lee gave theAssociated Press the following accountof the flight:"Our commanding officer and twomen left the station at 3:30 In themorning on a flight toward the Dutchcoast Shortly after sunrise they sawon the horizon five spots which rapidly assumed the outlines of Germanseaplanes.Five to one is hardly a fight, so thecommanding officer, after a first divingcharge through the enemy's formation,gfioved down the nose of his plane andheaded homeward. His two men firedsharply from the after guns, forcingthe German scouts to keep their distance. They were getting away allsight, even leading the enemy into-dangerous territory, when suddenly achance shot from one of the Germanstook away a control and the flyingboat crashed nose down. The threemen fought clear of the wreckage andtgot hold of a floating spar, while theGermans, realizing that they were indangerous country, scooted awayhomeward."It was four hours later, when thepatrol was long overdue, that we weresent out to search for them. Wesearched the horizon as we speededWong eastward, covering, at the visibility, a band about twenty miles wide.Finally one of us picked up a blackspeck, which soon grew Into a pieceof wreckage with three men on it"Dropping our bombs at a" safe distance, we throttled down our motorsand landed near the crashed seaplane.It was a delicate operation, but wemanaged to taxi over to the wreckageand pick off the four men, meanwhilesending back the good news by wireless. "The only comment the commandingofficer had to make on his experiencewas: 'What's a ducking? Just a bitof experience!'"SWISS AID BEE CULTURESixteen Pounds of Sugar Allotted toEfcch Hivt.The bees will- be looked afternext fall by the Swiss government,says a communications published bythe military department. Bach beemaster will receive 10 pounds of sugarfor psrh heeMve.It is expected that this amount will1,Tu annnri Vppt the bees until Ispring. Owners of bees who desireto receive sugar rations will have tomake their application before the endst this month.Aftr Southern Slackers.Throughout the entire South a sys-jtematic movement Is being carried mt-mr,A m fliAfkers. Every manir belag inTetiatd and told to ftt'into some useful ocpaw ttUKlie sow imam, tsmwrnm-t the winnig ot-ftt war.k't Wail lo Be Drafted!Volunteer as Patriots for Government WorkCarpenters 60c, Laborers 35c per HourLODGI NGFREEThe Government at Washington has called upon the citizens of KENTUCKY atonce to furnish the men to build or lose from the State entirely the wonderful CampHenry Knox, at Stithton, designed to be the greatest Artillery Training Camp in theUnited States.The credit and good name of the Commonwealth of KENTUCKY must be upheld.And the State MUST NOT lose this great plant, calling for an investment on the part ofthe United States Government of from $15,000,000 to $20,000,000.Up to this time the work has lagged for want of men. It is now up to the men ofKentucky to volunteer, or be forced to do so later on. There is no middle course.TENTHOUSAND WORKMEN MUST COMEFORWARD !Carpenters and LaborersWages are high and fixed by the Government. Carpenters60 cents an hour. Laborers 35 cents an hour. ' Carpenjters andlaborers work ten hours each day. receiving pay for eleven hours.Saurday afternoon and Sunday work (not compulsory) doublepay for carpenters; time and a half for laborers.Free sleeping quarters provided with new cots and blankets.Meals 30 cents each.. Transportation free to laborers andcharges are advanced to carpenters from any point in the State.Sanitary Conditions Are of the BestCamp Knox was selected for a permanent site because it islocated on the highest point of land on the Illinois Centralbetween Louisville and New Orleans. Camp Knox has one ofthe best health records in the country.Patriotic Women of KentuckySee to it that every able-bodied man in the State, not engaged in other War Industries, volunteers his services at highpay, to help get this great permanent Kentucky camp ready forthe brave bos of this Commonwealth and other States, nowbilleted in tents at Camp Taylor and West Point, so they will nothave to suffer the privations of General Washington and theContinental Army at Valley Forge.If it is not your own son who must be housed at Camp Knoxthis winter, it is the boy of some other mother all of themtraining to protect our Liberty in the great fight for Freedom.Provided men do not volunteer for this well-paid and necessary patriotic work, it is the duty of every loyal Kentuckywoman to report them to the nearest United States EmploymentService, just as they would a Hun Spy or an Army Slacker.Show them their Duty!Make them Volunteer!Take their Places!Camp Knox Must Be Ready December 1Before cold weather sets in, barracks at Camp Knox toshelter not less than 30,000 Army Boys, and stables for at least15,000 animals must be completed. This is imperative.Full-blooded Kentucky co-operation can complete quartersfor not less than 50,000 soldiers and 30,000 animals in that time,if all work together. It is a man-sized job, all right, even forKentuckians, but it can be done, as Kentuckians never fail inwhat they undertake.The fair name of the old Commonwealth the fourteenthState to be admitted in the Union is at stake in the NationalCapital and before the Country at large.Employers Notice ImportantIf your work is non-essential, give up some of your men atonce and advise them to go to Camp Knox. If the call for Volunteers is not heeded, you may be required to shut down completely. We do not wish to do this by compulsion.This is no time for shilly-shallying. We must have ACTION. The work is Vital. It is Imperative. .Be a volunteer and Go at Once.Men, Men and More Men to Save KentuckyThis is an EMERGENCY necessitating drastic action if thecall for volunteers is not heeded.When the order came from Washington telling what Kentucky had to do to save Camp Knox for the State, Federal Director Pratt Dale, of the United States Employment Service forKentucky, immediately held a War Council of affiliated interests,composed of Major W. H: Radcliffe, Constructing Quartermasterat Stithton, John Griffiths & Son Company, builders of CampKnox for the Government, and O. L. Taylor. District Organizeof Kentucky, United States Public Service Reserve; Edward W.Hines, State Chairman, State Council of Defence. Determined1action was decided on. All Goverment agencies will be invokedto secure the necessary men.Let the word go out broadcast of Kentucky's need of men in,this greatest of humanitarian war works housing our soldiers.Let it go out at once.Preach it from the Pulpit.Shout the need from the housetops.Organize the workers at once and report them to yournearest United States Employment Service or to your CountyChairman, United States Public Service Reserve.It Can Be Done With Your Help 'Georgia furnished 5,000 men to save Its picric acid plantraised them in two weeks. Kentucky can do ever better.Major Radcliffe says: "Every nail you drive, every brickyou lay, every bit of real work done, will add to the growing loadaround the Kaiser's neck. The war won't wait!"Mem and Women of Kentucky Do your duty for yourCountry and your Commonwealth and help us to Protect YOURBoys." ' Communicate at Once With Any of the FollowingSUPERINTENDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OFFICESAt Any of the Following Places:Louisville, 525 W. Market St; Lexington, 129 Market St; Covington; Paducah; Bowling Green; Middlesborough;Ashland; or to Your Own County Chairman of the U, S. Public Service Reserve.(Signed) PRATT DALE, Federal Director, U. S. Employment Service., FRANK L. McVEY, State Director, U. S. Public Service Reserve., E. W. HINES, Chairman Kentucky Council of Defence.V3- , -,jhrv"-iMrJhVrVf"MweMGX EIGHTVTf?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY..TXSDAyOCroBER 15r 1S18.I'l!f,li1m1 WLLERSBURG, ',Mrs. W. G. Dailey continues tolimprove. ,fcliss IJaiira rG. Jefferson, who yrasquite sick during -the past week isJmucb improved. " 1Mrs. Bayles DeBell arrived Mon'day as guest of her daughter, Mrs.R. K. .Caldwell. , 'Mr. IL S. G. Pepper, of Hunt3ngtqn, W. Va., was the guest of Mr.." Ifsii&v. irfeer, Saturday aridSunday. -.--Corporal "Wadell Beeding, l ofCsjmj) Taylor, Louisville, was x athome tfrjday and Saturday on a shortfurlough.Mrs. R. L. Bumngton, of Columbus, O., arrived Friday evening 'atthe bedside of her brother-in-law,Dr. W. M. Miller.Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst andsister, Mrs. Woolums, the latter ofRock Island, 111., left Friday for afew days' .visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W.iWilliams, at Murfeesboro, Tenn. , .Dr. W, M. Miller was stricken withparalysis Friday morning, his rightside being partially paralyzed,taougb. he has gained some little useX)f it since receiving the stroke.-7-Misses Marguerite and Edith"taftjod. are at home from their respective Schools at Sbarpsburg andBrooksville, on account of the closing of the schools, by order of theState Board of Health.No preaching or Sunday school. 5a town Sunday on account of influ, en?9 No meeting of Amity LodgeFJ'and A. "M. No. 40 to-night. Nor:ji will 'there be any public gatheringsjr Tin-til orders are so issued by the.State-Board of Health. '1rpThere are several cases of influ-jn?xJrin.xne town ana communiiy.& ererp -home where the disease, isJjijrfow4 to exist. This ;s one of the' quickest methods of stamping out'., such, a disease. Let us all co-opeis-$ate .-and, do w.hat we can to rid 6iir,ikcorom'iinity of this much-dreaded mal-IhTjdA tjelegram was received hereSaturday by a Millersburg 'girl, anrnounping the, death in France of, Prjr'-vatel'Samuel Watkins, of near Mil-lersljmrg. Private Watkins was rerported killed in action in one of therecent battle. He was sent to CampTaylor, p;n, February 8, then to,3Tr&ncet He was engaged to be married to" the young woman to whomJthe Jjelegrani was sent.jsr- m wfBIRTHS.To thQ wife of Mr. Thos. KenieAiy; of Winchester, a son JosephHarlan Kennedy. Mrs. Kennedy wasformerly Miss Helen Stivers, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hooker Stivers, of Paris.ntg.g'5-5f Jfi0SPECIALSFOR SATURDAYJersey Sweet Potatoes 1er pound CIrish Potatoes 01per pound O CCabbage . 01?;per pound. 2i.. Yprk Imperial Apples rDec Deck -. .. ODCvCome to my store withthe cash and vour marker.Nbasket and reduce the high kwt oi iivmg. aee my lineof pure fruit preserves. . .MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRY; GROCERY1 1Opposite Court HousehTriHh.uuAetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiability'. And Otber1 V . . Casualties&Sk'J. fee:"hAGENT K!kJT rDEATHS.-J TURNBY., Mr. Amos. Tiirney, aged ahoutseventy-fie y.ears, one of the mostprominent" members of the racing fraternity and one of Bourbon county'smost' prominent farmers, was foundfdead in 'a fieljl near .his home on theMaysville pike, Sunday morning, byhis niece. Miss litav Colville. who hadgone in search 6f fii,m.mt. rurney, wno naq. oeen apparently in the very best of health, lefthis home earlyin the morning to inspect some work that had been finished the day previously, and toldthe family that he would be back ina very few minutes. His prolongedabsence led to the suspicion thatsomething was 'wrong, and Miss Colville went to the field to investigate.She found Mr. Turney's horse wandering aimlessly around the field, andupon further investigation, was horrified to find Mr. Turney lying proneon the ground, where sudden deathhad overtaken him in the midst of hisinspection work. From all appearances he had been dead about twohours. The body was removed to thehome, where it was prepared for burial. Mr. Turney, in connection withhis brother, Mr. Jesse Turney, hadfor ,many years been engaged inbreeding and racing thoroughbredsunder the firm name of Turney Bros.Their colors had been carried to victory on many of the most prominenttracks of the country. They had alsoraced in Canada and in Cuba, wheretheir horses had been winners inmany a notable event. The firm ofTurney Bros., up to the time of theirretirement from the turf, about twoyears ago, was probably the most noted in their line of any in the racingworld. Their winnings on the tracksof America, Ganada, and Cuba werevery large. In their string weresuch notable racers as Wafer Bass,Cleburne, Flabbergast, Martin Doyle,Theo. Cook, Clell Turney, Horron,Dr..tCatlett7'Newah, Dr. Eichberg, and,many others, . 'Mr. Turney is survived by hiswidow, who was formerly Miss Xiizzie, Manning;' of Mason county; twodaughters, Mrs. . Ezekiel Arnold, ofCovington, and Mrs. Louis Taylor, ofParis, who has been- very ill in NewYork, and .one brother, Mr. JesseT.urnjey,- of. Paris. During the pastfew, years thfcee brothers and onelister of Mr. turney have passed tothe other land, Capt. Dan Turney, aConfederate veteran, and former proprietor of the Bourbon House, in itsdays one of the most notable hotelsin this section; Matt Turney, for several terms Judge of the BourbonCounty Court; Henry Turney, at onetime also proprietor of the BourbonHouse and ' a well-known businessman afterwards in other lines, andMrs. John Current.Last Thursday Mr. and Mrs. Turney celebrated their forty-seventhwedding anniversary at their home.They were the recipients of manyhandsome presents and congratulations. -The most highly-prized onewas a telegram from their daughter,Mrs. Louis Taylor,, who was ill inNew York, stating that she was improving. Her physician upon hearing of Mr. Turney's death, advisedher, in view of her illness, not to attempt making the journey back toParis.The funeral, wiu be held at thefamily residence at2:30 o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon, with servicesconducted by Rev. John J. Rice, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church.The burial will follow in the ParisCemetery. The active pall-bearerswill be Clell Turney, Amos Turney,Jr., Harry B. Clay, J. Frank Clay,Robert H. Winn and Samuel Willis;Honorary . pall-bearers, Nathan H.Bayless, Sr., T.'jHart Talbott, Wm. G.Talbott, Jos.- W. Davis, HubbardBuckner, William Taylor, Chas. C.Leer.. HAGGARD.,JVIr James t H. Haggard, who formany years has been one of the prominent business men of Paris, died athis home on Cypress street, Fridaynight, after a long illness, due to theI infirmities of age. Mr. Haggard wasseventy-seven years od, and hadspent the greater portion of a longand useful life in business in thiscity.. Mr. Haggard was a native of Clarkcounty, having been raised on afarm near Winchester. He came toParis, where he engaged in the agricultural implement business in thebuilding at the corner of High andFourth streets, and later on embarked in the real estate business. He issurvived by his widow, formerlyMiss Nannie Ballinger, of Clintonville; one brother, Mr. W. Z. Haggard, of Clark county, and one sister,Mrs. Bettie Elkin, of Winchester.The funeral was held at the family residence' yesterday afternoon atthree o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. B. Ellis,- pastor of theParis Christian church. The burialfollowed in the Clint onville Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Marion Hall,Ben Bedford, John L. Soper, Dr. D..S. Henry, W. O. Fuller and Ed. Cantrill. : A JACOBY.;Mrs. Agnes Kenney Jacoby, agedninety-two, one of Bourbon's pioneercitizens, died at her home nearHutchison, this county, Saturday, after a long illness due to inflrniitiesof age. Mrs. Jacoby was a womanof high Christian character, one whohad made her impress upon the lifeof her community.She was the widow of Mr. JamesJacoby, and a sister of Mr. Matt A.Kenney, both of whom were in theirday prominent farmers in the Hutchison vicinity. She is survived bythree sons, J. W. Jacoby, M. R.Jacoby and James L. Jacoby, and onedaughter, Mrs. Annie Hayes, all ofwhom resided near Hutchison.The funeral was held at the family residence at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, with services conducted by Revs. J. J. Dickey and P. S.Rhodes. The burial followed in thold family burying- ground near theresidence. The pall-bearers werefGoeree facoby, Xyle -Jacoby, tJosi!.Jacbby, Dr, Will KenHey,Wm.sBi(Kenney and Cnas.Xtyle,v- VRLYTHE.Information was received hereSunday by Mr. and Mrs. George,Blythe, of Second street, teljing ofthe death at Camp Meade, Md.,softheir son, Private John Blythe, iof4Spanish influenza. The body willprobably arrive here to-night for interment. " , ,, Young Blythe was in his twentyfifth year. He was "a member of oneof the Bourbon county draft contingents sent to Camp Taylor m theI past summer, being later transferredto Camp Meaae, ivia., irom wnere Jiewould have been sent overseas lateron. He" was highly regarded by hiscomrades and by all who knew him.He is survived by his parents, Mr.and Mrs. George Blyjthe, four brothers, Hugh Blythe, stationed af CampZachary Taylor, Leonjdas Blythe,Walter Blythe -and Andrew .Blythe,and "three sisters, Mrs. Stella MayFrakes, Mrs. Mattie Shepherd andMrs. Eddie S,mith, all of Bourboncounty.RICE.A message from Camp Meade,Md., Saturday, told of the deaththere of Private Robert Rice, son ofMrs. Gates Rice, oJ; North Middletown, of Spanish influenza. Hismother, and his brother, Mr. LutherRice, and Dr. L. R. Henry, of NorthMiddletownwere at" his edsidewhen the end came. , 'Young Rice was a, member of dBourbon county contingent sent toCamp Taylor last summer. Fromthere he was transferred to CatnpZachary Taylor, destined soon forioverseas duty. Besides his mother,Mrs. Gates Iice, he is survived byjone brother, Mr. Luther Rice, of near!Paris, and one sister, Miss AimauRice, of North Middletown. No in-lformation has been received here yetas to what time the body will arrive, jBUTLER. k .The body of Private Grower Butler, of Paris, who died at .CampMeade, Md., last week, of Spanish influenza, reached Paris, Friday,, coming over the Chesapeake & Ohio roadto Winchester. There "the. body wastaken in charge by Undertaker Geo.R. Davis, and brought to the home ofMr. Butler's parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. O. Butler, on. the Bethlehem, pike,near Paris.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon at three o'clock with servicesconducted at the grave in the 'ParisCemetery, by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,'pastor of the Paris Baptist church.The pall-bearers were Dr. D. S.Henry, Dr. Wm. Kenney, Harry Current, John Potts and Judge GeorgeBatterton., WISSING.Mrs. Ella Wissing, a sister ofMrs. Dan Sullivan, of this city, diedat her home in Cincinnati last week,following a brief illness of Spanishinfluenza. Mrs. Wissing has just re$turned to Cincinnati after a visit toMrs. Sullivan! Mr. Dan Sullivan attended tjie funeral, which. was lieldin Cincinnati, Friday.i i 1GATHER NUT SHELLS AND SAVEA LIFE.Now that the schools of Paris andthe county are closed during the influenza prevalent to a limited extent,the school children of Bo'irbon countyare urged to render a patriotic dutyto their country that will be botha pleasure to them and of inestimable service to the boys in France'To combat the use of "gas" y theenemy, masks must be used by oursoldiers to filter the gas out of theair and give the soldier the oxygenthat is necessary to sustain life. Theonly satisfactory filler for tthesemasks is charcoal made from theshells and seeds or stones of nuts andfruits. Bourbon county is fortunateat this time to have an abundance ofwalnuts and hickory nuts, the shellsof which are ideal material for themasksi" It -is these that the children areurged to gather. They will lay upthe broken sliells to dry thoroughly,and when the sap is out of thembring themHo the Red Cross room inParis, to be forwarded to, the propernlace.County School Superintendent J.B. Caywood has offered a flag as apremium to the pupil gathering thelargest number of peach seeds, prune,cherry, apricot, plum and olive pits,Brazil, walnut, hickory nut andbutternut shells. The public schoolsof the county are now closed, and thepupils can begin the work now andlater when the schools open turn intheir collections. Supt. Caywoodwants to collect as much as a carloadand appeals to every school boy andgirl to evidence their patriotism byhelping the Government in this matter. " " .'ggl g 3TOYLESS CHRISTMAS LIKELY EORLOCAL CHILDREN.The Kentucky Council of NationalDefense campaign to educate thepublic in the matter of Christmasbuying this year took on a State-wideaspect when instructions for extending the movement were issued to the120 chairmen of County Councils ofDefense throughout Kentucky. Theinstructions deal with the problem asconcerning the public, and also fromthe standpoint of co-operation withthe merchants.The outstanding feature of thecampaign is that it is intended specifically to eradicate the custom ofgiving toys to children. Useful presents for all, persons is to be tne aimof the movement. Early buyingndearly selling,, designed to eliminatethe necessity of increasing sales anddelivery forces,' is urged in view ofthe wartime scarcity of labor for purposes which are not strictly war-es-,sential. Shop in October and November, is the request made of the pub-The merchants are asked to assistin educating the consuming public tobuy useful articles and to refrainfrom increasing wonting xoreeworking hours during the-ChristmAsbuying seasonJ"fl?tsffiasssfciSE - wAt a recent meeting of the'Boardof Directors of the First' NationalBank of Paris, Mr. We H. Spradlin,Sr., who hak been Cashier of theDeposit Bank, of Flemingsburg,was- elected Assistant Cashier. Mr.Spradlin succeeds Mr. Hord Manniwho has gone into the army Y. M. C.'A. war work in France.Mr. 'White Varden, who has forseveral years been connected with theBourbon-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo.,-was tendered the po'sition ofbookkeeper. Mr. Varden acceptedthe position and will assume the duties of the position this week orlater. Mr. Spradlin and Mr. VardAnare-i-both expert in their lines, andwill' make valuable additions to theclerical forces of the First National.Buy Liberty Bonds"THE AMERICAN'S CREED""I believe in the United Statesof America as 'a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable;established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to v defend' it agair st allenemies."'m i lQueer Epitaphs.Queer epitaphsare frequently fakes ;but the following really appears in aSalop churchyard: "Elizabeth, thewife of Richard Barklamb, passed toeternity on Saturday, 21st of May,1797, in theseventy-first year of herae. Richard Barklamb, the Antespouse Uxorious, was interred here,26th Jan., 1806, in his eighty-fourthyear." What an antespouse uxoriousmay be is not explained. Cardiff lWestern-Mail. , u ,I Bring up the Reserves.I John was visiting his grandmother,'Yho lived in the country. One dayhis grandmother found that John hadbut a few clean clothes left, so shetpld John to write to his mother andtfeH her to send him some new clothes.John obeyed immediately, and in afew minutes returned and' showed herthe letter, which- was as follows:"Dear mamma, please send me a reenforcement of clean clothes.":Now is the Time!Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes Nowr If "1JJ II f2-'&fer-slight advance on cost to us. We advise strongly tobuy now while these shoes last.w THIS WEEK Twe offer the largest and most complete selection of beautiful FaU Shoes at pricesthat can't be duplicated; prices less than they can be made for to-day.Don't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies'Mahogany TanBoots, calf tops atLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,best makes, atLadies' Mahogany Tan "EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Gun Metal English Bootsmilitary heel, at :Ladies' Gun Metal, button,low heel, at ; . ;SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDANParis' Greatest Shoe Store1 1 n 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 nThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our!Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.M 1 1 1 I M'M 1 1 H III 1 IHHI1HH'KHMI M 1 11 1 1 IfLay of the Last Hen."The Lay of the Last Minstrel" mayhave caused some apprehension in itsday, but were the lay of the last hento be announced in ours there wouldcertainly be a panic. Seattle Post-Intelligencer.An electrically driven machine hasbeen invented to take the place ofthe adz in shipyards.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration off your 'policiesand let us have some off your renewalsAt Farmers &Traders BankShoe cost has greatlyadvanced and soon youwill 'have to pay muchhigher prices. Our pricesare only so low owing toour system of merchandising buying for cash inunlimited quantities, storing these in our enormouswarehouse and offeringthem to you at but aEnglish$5,00$5.50$3.95$3.49$2.49Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atBOYS AND GIRLS'COHENnil ii 1 1 uni 1 1 1 1 1 1 n i n i jrHinton Co.Day phoiw 36 1Nlxht : . . 56.or Home 286:Combs. "Combs have been used in the toiletsince very ancient times. The Greeks,the Egyptian and the Ronian ladiesused them to arrange and hold up theirhair; even ladies.among the Swiss lakedwellers seem to have been familiarwith them. Some of these were madeof wood, some of bone, of horn orroCivory. Specimens have often beenfound in recent years. 1&3trc0iteA$4.50SWatiMen's Dark Tan Eng. Walk-Over qj- Cand other famous makes, special. ,.pMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, eo AEnglish :.$o.4yMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a aaing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $rUUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes tfjo JQWhere Beauty and Economy Reign? ; ?sssssssssssrK,-