- -trUBOURBONr r, i trt.-.tai-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR..VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 191STHENEWS- rIHELUENZA BAN PARTLY LIFTEDAGAIN CLAMPED ON.BOURBON COUNTY SURE TOREACH TOP IN CAMPAIGN.Encouraged by the nature of leports that had been coming in tothem the members of the local Boardof Health held a meeting Wednesdayat which they decided to lift the banttfiich had been in effect since issuing the wide closing order by theState Board of Health on October 9.It was given out that the churches-nould be permitted to hold serviceson next Sunday, and that on Mondayafter Thanksgiving the ban would belifted from moving picture houses andother places, and the schools permitted to resume their sessions again.Thus encouraged the janitors ofschools, moving picture houses andthe churches were making preparations for resumption, and were busyCleaning up their respective places,when another order stopped them.A number of new cases developingin the city and county since the meeting of Wednesday, and the discouraging reports that had come to theBoard of Health from other towns regarding the spread of the disease impelled stronger action on the part ofthe local Board. A meeting was heldjesterday afternoon, at which reportsof new cases were submitted and ageneral review of the local situationwas discussed. In -view of the factsadduced by these reports and in order to take no chances the order ofWednesday was rescinded, and the lid-was ordered clamped down againtighter than ever. Barbers who hadlain aside their masks were orderedto resume them again, the pool roomswhich had been relieved of theban, were again placed underthe same provisions as before.The Board arrived at the conclusion that if one kind of publicgathering should be permitted allother kinds should not be prohibited,and in the interest of the publichealth, decided to bring the pressureon everything that would tend tomake the situation dangerous.Up to yesterday several newcases had been reported to the localBoard of Health, and the general impression was that the situation herehad been greatly relieved. The return of wet weather may be themeans of some new cases devolping,hut the Board of Health is very optimistic regarding the situation. Ina way Paris has been very fortu.na.te.All the old cases are showing verysatisfactory nroeress. and it is believed they will be entirely recoveredin a short tijme.In surrounding towns the influenzahas developed a reaction or a recurrence, witSThe result that the "Banhas been placed on again. In themountain section the disease is abating in some parts, while increasingin others.We have heard considerable talk inParis to the effect that all cases ofthe influenza have not been reportedto the Board of Health. This may ormay not be true.- We hope it is nottrue, for in any case it is inexcusable in the interest of public health,and if we are to stamp out the dreadful disease and do it effectually, theremust be a strict compliance with themandates of the Board of Health.Every case, even if merely suspected,should be reported to the Board ofHealth, and the house placarded.THE NEWS belives that this is absolutely necessary to the public health.There is another health regulation,that is being violated jvith impunityin some places. The Health Board hasissued anti-spitting warnings and hadplacards to that effect posted in public places, but THE NEWS assertsthat it is being violated constantlyin eomeNtf the public places in Paris.Unthinking or careless persons spiton the floors of restaurants ana oiaerpublic places without a thbught ofthe disease-producing possibilities oftheir action. In the name of healthand for the protection of the publicthese places ought to be warned andthe violators themselves punished- ifthey persist. One of the greatestdangers in the present influenza situation, as indeed it has been allalong, is the careless habit of spittingon floors and on the pavements, whenit is well known such practice is dangerous to health.It was stated yesterday that therewas but little if any reason to fear aserious recurrence of the influenza inParis. It is probable tnat iaruuBuout the winter there will be flurriesof the disease, and the rate will goup and down. In the past few daysthere have been reported a numberp ,ia 4fFAtiner the nasal membranes, but this is declared not to beinfluenza. However, all patients arewarned to take all possible precautions both for themselves and theirneighbors. Paris may naturally expect sporadic increase m sacnweather as that of the past few daysAlso during the Christmas shoppingseason, with its consequent crowding.However, there is no cause lor alarmexcept in the case of a steady, constant increase extending over a number of days. And that ratio has notbeen maintained here.. According to Cincinnati daily papers 166 new cases and 33 a""5were reported to the City Health, Offlcer Peters, of that city, claimed itsras due to the peace celebration orIN 7THE INTEREST OF FUTURE FEDERAL LAND BANK IN CAM-Bourbon county is sure to go overthe top in the United War WorkersCampaign, which has been engrossing the time and attention df the people for the past week or ten days.The workers were busy yesterday inan effort to have subscribers increase their subscriptions alreadyjmade, and it is believed they weresuccessful, although the exact figureswere -npt available last night as wewent to press.Up to yesterday the fund lackedabout $2,700 of the ahiount necessaryto telegraph headquarters the goodnews, "We have gone over the top."The workers were confident that theamount would be raised, if not inyesterday's campaign, at least today. vWhen the boys in khaki and bluecome back you want to be in thecheering throngs that will welcomethem back to the good old town ofParis and to their homes in Bourboncounty. You are no doubt lookingahead to that happy home-comingtime, whether you have a son, abrothe, a husband among them ornot. But, taking stock of yorself, today, do you feel that you have doneyour full share in bringing themhome clean in mind and sound inbody?The quota for the county in thisgreat work, which is proceeding notas smoothly as it should, is $52,000,prorated among the seven organizations, as has been published severaltimes. There yet remains a surplusto be raised to copnplete this quota.The county of Bourbon has alreadyinvested several millions of dollars ininterest-paying Government securities, and is therefore amply and easily able to contribute the full quotafor this Welfare Work among thesoldiers, and if it fails to do so, thenits soldier sons must and will be thebeneficiaries of the patriotic i gifts ofother counties.The people of this county do not,as a matter of course, want to mortify the boys who have made thisgreat sacrifice, the effects of whichwe are now enjoying in quiet, peaceful homes. If the individual citizenwill not do his mereduty the countywill be known and branded as aslacker in the work, and those of herpeople who have given as theyshould, will not be compelled to suf-Lfer the shamecaused by the slacker.Have you made your response tothis call? Does the response you havemade represent the sum. total of yourinterest in the morals and the-welfareof the boys from. Bourbon county whohave done so much lor you? Thinkthis over, then give, give again, andincrease your subscription-To-daythe American soldiers, someof them our own boys, are marchingon their way to Germany. Won't youknow they would like to be honiewith us? But they must copiplete thework they have started, and we mustcomplete the work we have started.Arrangements have been madewhereby you can sign a pledge, apromise to give, which you may takeup any time between now and March,1919.PAIGN OF EDUCATION.Myron A. Waterman, Special As-"WAR GARDENS."Prof. Clarence B. Matthews, Assistant Director for Kentucky and detent ,-r. nvio-a f rkTa-oni-raHrm rnvTennessee for the U. S. School War the Pederal Farm Loan Bureau ofGardens, University of Kentucky, at Washington, will address a meetingLexington, was in Paris yesterday, in 0n Saturday, November 30, at 2 p.conference with Supt Kirkpatrick m., at the court house in Paris, andand other school authorities. funy explain the workings of the sys-Prof. Matthews is working under tem and answer questions pertainingmo cLuapmes oj. me jtmreau or iuauca- to ittion, at Washington, interesting theschool children in the matter of wargardens to be promoted next spring.He will visit Paris again in the latewinter and m the early spring.The gist of the Land Bank systemis that actual fanmers can borrow50 of the value of their farms anaIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.20 of insurable improvements, to-Hia Avsmt nf from SI 00 tn 10.000Two main purposes prompted the'nt Kik 4torpnt onri nn from Avp. to1 x . . . - . . - -A. . . v ii IV VW. - . wSSSSf ,X eS. , fl7 y tine, Pleats to b. ber 24 , day up0n wWch all thew - w . J AAAtVA WM-lv AVVU Lf M. UUUVj i V1 A fl A ftW n T OTnrTTT7 TlflH Tl U II IIII 1, " . . V.ij ! X1AO.UC XJU. Clii IUUV1 MiittMUi jpmrM. w.u.v.Sergeant S. N. Hudnall and Privates William Hudnall and JamesWells have returned to their dutiesat Camp Buell, after visiting relatives nearSpears Mill. They are engaged in auto-mechanical work atthe cafnp.4The Stars and Stripes, the organof the AmericanExp,editionary ForcesI in France, has arranged for Novem-tion and (b) training schoolchildrenin thrift, industry, service, patriotismand responsibility.The necessity for man power wasbeing felt. This was especially truein agricultural pursuits. Not alonewere the drafted young men goingfrom the farm, but great numbers offarm employees were being attractedto the cities by higher wages offeredin other industries. If the millionsof city boys and girls could be induced to give their leisure tijme tocutivating the thousands of acres ofunfilled land in front and back yai asand vacant lots of our cities, townsandvillages, it would result in a substantial increase" in food productionand an improvement in the quality ofour coming citizenship.The Bureau of Education underftook to accomplish this through theorganization of the United StatesSchool Garden Army. It is a problem both of production and educationand belongs to the schools.J3 1 3 ,REMEMBER LAST WINTERDouble-breasted ulster overcoats,$30.00 to $50.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.- p5 f9i r9&PUBLIC LAND SALE NOV. 27337V2 ACRES AT AUCTION.Harris & Speakes are going to sellfor Hon. A. S. Thompson his homeplace on Clintonville pike on November 27, at 11 o'clock. This is one ofthe best farms in the State. Read ifyebig advertisement on another page.(19-2t)BOURBON LODGE TO HEAR REPORTS MONDAY.any part or all of the loan can be paidafter five years at any payment period. The rate of interest farmers paythe bank will always be at the immimum and under no circumstances canit exceed 6 and the system will giveland values some stability. The greatprosperity which will come to farmers through this institution will benefit all other lines of business in liteproportion, for they are all dependentupon the farmer. In view or tnisfact, all broad visioned forward look-mg Damwn, ui "- ThPnrtVrtiv & &y the different cities and towns,sional men should whole-heartedly ' .,, At 100assist in extending the usefulness ofApnerican troops shall write home tofather. Special delivery arrangements are under way in order that"Father's Day" shall be as successfulas "Mother's Day," May 12 last. Itis hoped that the fathers will write totheir sons "on the same day.Notice came from Washington toCapip Taylor this week that when themen are discharged from service theywill be discharged in groups, according to their home towns, so that allmay return home In a body. Thiswill afford opportunity for home-com-PEACE CELEBRATION DECLAIEDOFF.After having three different datesset for the big event, the Victory Cel- -ebrationplanned for, Paris, was finally declared off. Arrangemeats hadpractically been completed for thecelebration to be held on Thursday,November 28, Thanksgiving Day.At a meeting of the ministers ofthe city a request was sent to thecommittee having the big celebration,in charge, asking them to change thedate so as to enable everyone to comply with President Wilson's requestthat the day be one of solemn prayerIn accordance with this request th--datewas changed to Wednesday, "November 27, and again changed toFriday, November 29.Mr. Rudolph Davis, who took great -interestin the celebration, in view of .the prevailing sentiment againstholding the parade and other eventsin connection with it, and the diseatrisfaction manifested in other directions, declared the celebration oJC jThe city was flooded Wednesday wftlwbills announcing the decision of thcommittees, and the event will be athing of the future, if then.the Federal Land BankThe meeting should be very generally attended by all farpiers-and especially tenant farmers of characterand industry who have a small capital, for this system provides a waywhereby tenants may become landowners.ARE YOUCARRYINGSHARES?ENOUGHGIVE THANKSFor over sixty years BourbonLodge I. O. O. F. has held regularmeetings, the only" interruption coming during the Civil War, When, cpibditions naturally precluded '.isucli-gatherings. Last Monday night thelodge held a meeting, the first of thekind that has been held since October 9, when the. official order from theState Board of Health prohibited allpublic gatherings, because of the influenza etiidemie. On next Mondavncr'h o mootino- rf fho nrtiriTnif too wNl TnalicaUS ShOOting Chargebe held when reports frofm delegates ' sent to jail for sixty days at hardto the Grand Lodge will be made, labor.Are you carrying as many sharesin the Building & Loan Associationas you can afford? Doubtless thereare many share holders who are carrying five or ten shares who couldeasily carry two or three times thatnumber. No other form of investment pays any better rate of interest than shares in the Bourbon Building & Loan Association.Our riew series opens Saturday,December 7. 'H. A. POWER, President.WILL S. ARNSPARGER, Sect.(22-2t)T3 IS TBIBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. -Judge Robert L. Stout reconvenedthe. 'November term of Bourbon Circuit Court to try the cases of twonegroes, Sam Sherman and DillardHaley, indicted a few djiys ago by aspecial grand jury. Sherman wascharged with obtaining money underfalse pretenses and was given twoyears in the'Frankfort Reformatory.Dillard was before the Court on ae wasMonday a week ago.COLORED CITIZENS DIE.Bettie Lyle, colored fled to theMassie Memorial Hospital annex, , foilowing an operation for PI&She had been employed to the Home' of Mr. and Mrs. James Arkle, on Second street Allle .Hill, v.?.about forty, died im exjrtUefitaSHdoft & "tf " tThe following appeal to the patriotic spirit of Bourbon county peoplehas been issued by the chairmen ofthe precinct copimittees and otherprominent workers, in the hope ofputting Bourbon county "over the'top" in this campaign:To the Citizens of Bourbon:The county lacks $2,700 of comingup to its quota of $52,000 for theUnited War Work drive.In every kind of war work in Kentucky Bourbon county stands absolutely first. Shall she fail in this?A thorough canvass has been madeand yet we have not reached the goal.We started on too low a basis.A move is on foot to get subscribers to increase subscriptions conditioned on the full amount beingraised. Some have agreed to a $200raise on these conditions, others $50,and many for less amounts, and yeta shortage exists. Won't you join inand help to save the day?Nicholas and Harrison counties inour district are already over the top.Bourbon must not fail.In the name of our boys who havegiven their lives for the cause, inthe name of our boys over there,every one of whopn give unqualifiedendorsement of the Y. M. C. A., theTC. C. and all the others benefitingjby this drive; in the name of the fathers and mothers of tnese ooys wnohope to have them returned to themclean and well, and for the sake ofthe pride we have in seeing the icputation of Bourbon county sustained,we appeal to you to help.Bourbon must not fail.(Signed)JAS. McCLUREM. PEALE COLLIER ,'ED. BURKET. H. CLAY. JR. ,4J. FRANK CLAY,W. D. McINTYREw a. McCLINTOCK 1V. W. FERGUSON . ftjH. A. POWERJNO. T. COLLINSW. O. HINTON , t m'J. T. HINTON -.GEO. CURRENTA. B. HANCOCKJOHN WOODFORDJL W. JONESPEARCE PATONED. GOREYJOE GROSCHEJIM CALDWELL ' .GEO. BURBERRYJ. S. WILSONTt. S. HENRYI - WE KNOW HOW 5111 IIpm nni.ns.11 ft fttUTftlftl ft UUUWMI....By WearingDUOFOLDUNDERWEARThe layer of soft cotton on the inside is soothing to the skin. The' layer offine wool on the outside is warm and can'titch.The outside absorbs moisture fromthe inside cotton and drys it. It keeps thegarment always fresh and dry;-never feelswet or sticky, like an all-cotton suit.DUOFOLD. .-Provides Warmth, Comfortand HealthOrders were received to discharge 132civilians who had entered the Artillery Officers' Training School sinceNovember 11.7 ,Director-General McAdoo has an-nounced his intention of establishinga reduced passenger rate of two centsa mile, instead of the usual threecents, for soldiers returning to theirhomes after discharged from thearmy. By law soldiers are allowed3 cents a mile for transportationand meals, and the special fare, Mr.McAdoo believes, will enable them tobuy meals and pay for sleeping carreservations out of the allowance.Major Henry Rhodes, Chief of theSelective Service Department has .notified all local draft boards to discontinue further . classification of allclaims cojming under their jurisdiction. He called upon them to complete the records of all men alreadyclassified and to return all other records to the district board .without action. " tThe attention of the1 'local draftboards has been called to the careand preservation of all records intheir possession. Heavy fines and imprisonment will be imposed by theFederal government on persons'muti-lating, destroying or removing these.At a monster mass meeting heldin the Ryman Auditoriujm, in Nashville, Tenn., on the night of November 10, in the interest of the UnitedWar "Work campaign, one of the principal speakers was Rev. Carey E.Morgan, formerly pastor of the ParisChristian church, who had lately returned from France. Rev. Morgan'saddress, printed in full in the Nashville Banner of Nov. 11, paid a masterful and eloquent tribute to theAmerican soldiers and their Allies,and told of the great work the ArmyY. M. C. A. had done in the war-torncountries. He told many interestingincidents of the great war, and wasreceived with an outburst of applausethat lasted for several minutes.The Dallas, Texas, Evening Journal of recent date, prints an unusually lengthy letter from WilliamRenick Smith, a member of theAmerican Expeditionary Force, inFrance. The letter, dated Oct. 6, waswritten to his father, Judge CurtisP. Smith, of Dallas. Young Smith isa grandson of Mrs. Wm. Renick, anda nphew of Mr. B. M. Renick andMrs. Duncan Bell, of Paris. He iswith the 133"rd Field Artillery, whichwent overseas in August, and hadnot, at the time the letter was written, been on the firing line. Smith'sletter was, in the main, descriptive ofcamp life in France, and his impressions of the French people and LaBelle France.After a separation of over thirteen years father and son were reunited when G. A. Lawson, of nearParis, met his sailor, son, SeamanVireil Lawson. in this city. While aNow that the war is over we should,all give thanks on Thanksgiving" Day.Be properly dressed for Thanksgivingdinner. J. W. DAVIS & CO.Kl fn& )55GOVERNING BOARD OFCROSS SELECTEDREPAt a meeting of the members ofthe Bourbon County Red Cross, held -inthe County Court room Wednesday afternoon the following were se- -lectedas (members of the GoverningBoard:Mrs. A. B. Hancock, Mrs. DenisDundon, Miss Mary Spears, Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs. H. Clay Howard,Mrs. Owen L. Davis, Mrs. EddieSpears Hinton, Mrs. A. J. Winters,Mrs. John T. Collins, Mrs. GeorgeCurrent, Miss Nell Crutcher, Mrs.John Kiser, Mr. J. W. Jones and Mr.W. W. Mitchell.From this number the officers and - -membersof the Executive Committeewill be elected at a meeting to beheld in the court house Monday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. The follow''ing officials are ex-offfcio members ofthe Governing Board: Mayor E. B.January, Dr. J. A. Gilkey, Presidentof the Bpurbon County Medical Society; Mr. A. B. Hancock, Chairman-..Bourbon. County Council of DefewwMrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, President of the Federation of Wb'men'aClubs, and Mrs. James McCIure, President of the Bourbon. County Healthand Welfare League.1 Rl 'RlRED CROSS URGED TO SPEED TO.WORK'Although the work of the SurgicalDressings department of the RedCross organization has been declaredfinished, yet other work remains tobe done, and the local chapter hasreceived instructions to make up aquota of refugee work as quickly aspossible. In compliance with the request all'the women who so loyally worked in.the Surgical Dressings rooms areasked to meet at the rooms on jFridayof this week, and on Tuesday and Friday next week.As the call to this work is urgent,all are asked to co-operate by coming1and learning just as willingly as 1athe Surgical Dressings. The work lanew, interesting and important andeasy to learn.This will not interfere with thesewing in the Red Cross sewing:rooms, which will be occupied to-dayby the Mission Circle of the Presbyterian church.JUST RECEIVED.Received 10 or 12 cars best 'RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yard. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)resident 01 Lincoln, county iur. jw- jbut re&retted his inability to,, tellson placed his three children m the m on accoimt of tke censorship,Baptist Orphans Home in Louisville. . ich has since been relieved. BeHe later moved to Bourbon county to forQ Ms in q arfay servicereside. Virgil Lawson now seven- King was employed clerk at tneteen, joined the U. S. Navy and was restaurant of Ahearn & Burton, atI.you.Come in and we will gladly howUnion Suits and Separate GarmentsMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREassigned to service on the battleshipKansas. Another son is in France inthe infantry service of the army. Mr.Lawson recently heard of his boyswhereabouts and wrote them to cometo Paris to meet him. Father and sonmet here in a happy reunion. YoungLawson will rejiriain with his fatherfor several days, after which he willreturn US his ship, the Kansas.Mr. Clifton King, of Paris, leceived a few days ago a letter fromhis brother, Private Herbert King,who is in France. The letter covered eight closely written, pages, andwas highly interesting. Private KingI went to Camp Taylor as a member of1 o.ne of the Bourbon county draft con-tingents, and made an enviable record as a good soldier. e was transferred to -the field artillery branch offt the service, and was in that part ofM the service at the West Ppint artil-lll'laMr fan fro in thft ammunition. SUB-IOIJ lUUMVl w M.tfXniv cprvloA His letter, stated tnat'he was in the same service in FranceTenth and Pleasant. He said thfcParis boys were very much in. evidence in France and that they weraa jolly, contented lot.The first death occurring in, theBarrow Base Hospital Unit, of whick .several Bourbon county boys armembers, was that of Lieut. Climtoa.V. Reed. He was from Three Forks,Montana, and was one of the twentythree physicians in the Unit., -.Eighteen boys who have gonefroii -theUniversity of Kentucky to rarfous training camps have been orderby the War Department to retunvtothe University immediately. Amoarthe number are Hiram T Adair &Thornton Conriell, of Paris, who werein the Officers "Training Corps ntCafnp Hancock, near Augusta,- Ga.' ' ' ."Mr. Turney Collins, fonaerlyrocvnear Colville. write.toParififeM.that he, is greatly plasdiiffiKPHe said that on one occasion whije place .at Great .Lakes NaYlvrD. S. HlSJNltx ... r ,HARRY BALDWIN .:, , J jj fjf1c: C CLARKE, AlMI" lDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesNettleton Shoes ' ' " '. ..- . . ' "l.oiivArincr ammunition to a machine line Station, and that hftManhattan onirtS gim squa the bullets fipm 'German .as ioon remain there as, to;'AlEU-9BSteUSnHaUEXMftlCj35P.t ys""T14" monhine oimH snal tfere'd .around Ma iHe is the conpany bottctMr wr Xim squad like rain drops, Tmi so one waalnienin tasservlce. Cr. fj1;I hurt. King "gave a graphic account lie is ket too lmsy twt;5il?5 of the doingofthe American soldisrs, lve aunt u a osmm for imflimt.osv.m' .Ji-11IfPi3tf4St?AG TWOTHE BOU1B03T NEWS, JPAJUD&Y KJBIITUXYacIF, BOURBON NEWSMtUkhed 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationTifcjJTVrt Every Tuesday and FridayYwur.,.12.00 6 Months.. ?i.ouPayable in Adavance.CHAJCP, Editor and Owner.tptBtored at the Paris, Kentucky,Fsstofflce as Mail Matter of theCulm.)Asfferfbaeoug reflection upon the'MtottMltt', standing or reputation ofmm nfiftfiC'flrhnf or corporation whichmm appear 'la the columns of THBBOBON"TEWS will be gladly corMtodif brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESXMsftty .Advertisements, f 1.00 perforfirst time; 50 cenu per incuobgequent insertion.sVoaflinc Notices, 10 cents per linesfc ssoe; reading notices in blacktins, 4t oete per line, each issue;C3rsr ot thamks, calls on .candlMe,flfc&mriee ancLxesolatiqns, andssssftlanmatter, 10 cents: per. line.qpisjalijates for: , larger advertisesssavUisncLjyearly contracts.tteurightiiof jtilish8r,.is reservedm steayttejKiy (.advertisement or otherssftttef, ax yttbUcation.Aasvouncements for political officesssst invariably be accompanied bytfce cash.di Cellere 'entslrUAaedfour- hundred'guests, inciustg ike French Ambassador and Madame . Jusfeerand, andmembers pf the diplomatic corps.Secretary orstate and Mrs. Laasiagand the Cabinet circle, members ofthe several war missions now inWashington, French, British andItalian, with personal friends of thehosts from, official and resident so.ciety, joined in this event. Democracyhas discovered that it has bulwarksof strength in the Kingdoms of Italy,England and Belgium and officialWashington, 'and the diplomatipcorps, while celebrating the signingof the armistice and the birthday ofthe King of Italy at one and the sametime completely reversed the old-timeAmerican policy of government whichmaintained that democracy could notexist under a monarchy. Americansoldiers who have been stationed inEngland, Italy and Belgium have returned with enthusiasm and friendship quite unknown in the old dayswhen we spoke so lightly about"foreigners."Found.On Winchester pike, automobiletail light and License No. -22961.Owner may have same by paying forthis advertisement. Call at BOURBON NEWS office. (15-3t)f - This paper has enlistedriththe government in thejttuse of America for theperiod of the warv EDITORIAL OTSINGS.4 Iif ting The Idd.s The W,ar; Industries Bard and theOomof?Natibnal. Defense, began.JiJXfnbje',lid immediately upon thesignij rthe. armistice, aad-it- is theexpectation to lead up gradually to n,eturscto"omething like prerwar condfliouXi' Officials feel that a, too sud4c. dfi&gfinTghV result' in aseverefeortae of .materials in certain' dirwfcioi w. and would -dturb labor and-transportation facilities; and therelore tSfcase dangers will be avoided byatciaA .restrictions. However, it ispertain that there is sufficient steelad other supplies on hand, whichTrill never be turned into munitionsaad commodities, to serve thesituation confronting the country, ifa program for a gradual developmentt Ihtsless essential manufactures is4heidvTto by the Government. TheFel Administration did one of thefew'pular things in connectionwith jxistence by .making an earlyaimoncerafjfct. of, .an. order removing.swMiy, of its restrictions. Limitations'& rjgptrJLctiojijupon foriy-rtwo differat ait3l;tfes"were modified in an-initialU'ord&n . by the War Industriesjftoard ,Thus:' renewed activity follows 'in the - manufacturing Jof ' agritriApiements, including trac--fcssri-ajad-Jn ,rpad jnahinery, .s.tpyes.jsftd hjptrjrsf tlL kJto,, householdtoaaj$s;'building materials -ref rjgera4orejnewing machines, rbabyocarriages, builders' hardware, bicycles,ssiOTtft goods, passenger automoIMIcscashr .regtsCers, 'etc. . The Priorities i$g9fen0pf thear Industries!jBOBxa announces tuat it wui... assistindustries in-ropring r materials.fftel; transportftiov; And-labor, buttftet precedence will 'be given to stimmlatefctan increase the productionofcacgoashipsund ,to supply ttie requirements of the. army and navy as wellas to provide for -the enormous, volHise of food and materials that will3fceedibe sent abroad. Precedencewill also be given to activities that.will s?ibaulate the production of foodsad feds, of coal, of natural gas, ofMis anijLits .products, of textile andcloth j$g, and, of pninerals; and toprovide for deferred maintenance, adiitioga;. betterments, and extensionsC.rariroads, telegraph' and telephoneJta.e3,fcahd other public utilities, andto permit and stimulate the intensiveevelpjiment pf .inland -waterways.fv r r"Birtt'Ome Official Celebra-tionWakiagtniwent justrasi wild astke restusfUthe- country when it cameto (le6TngHbsigningf theiarm-isUce. Perhaps-the' -differences In-ffashington was momentous in viewC tftcbHat?thciiy;hasltensof, s JUte !th.a, Union' wiich, made- the"- selebssn xa na,ti6nalraher thani .a4icai atjilr;, Whfen Jthe3?resi4,eatand,Mrs. WiteosuiprpjeDtedrvtbrpresenceiato jsjejoeaiter jqi Mh tiprrofLrous:spoatansik.4aWthe4xten8ion cwaaaaprsseieated in th history of theIsltsfltttftrtaiaptoJircttfeei'inactlIlWe:lebrfep- the;wjl; ocKac.QYi&5 sjitocrajcy.:l.Pamfbirrlay ws4axcxtai5,?aadia,'isu-jHamt k Mifcm tioK. juUrn. miMirrwKc tMAwj, MaookiTurn Ideas Into Cash.When business settles down tobedrock there will be any quantity of$5,000 and $10,000 jobs floatingaround. Now is the accepted timefor young men to get their thinkingmachinery well oiled and in active,operation. These jobs call for thinkers. And you. would be surprised tolearn how few thinkers there are whoare available for jobs. , Room at thetop? Gee whiz! there is nothing butroom if you believe what the great-'captains of industry Tsay, a-nd youmust believe, for they all say thesame thing.Once on a time, the head of the department in. a big factory found theother department heads giving himthe cold shoulder. It worried him because he seemed to do nothing thelivelong day but sit in a window andsmoke a cprncob pipe. Finally one ofthem voiced his grouch to the boss."When v you get so you are of asmuch value to the firm as the ladwho smokes the corncob," said theboss, "you can select your own window and smoke -fifty-cent Havanas instead of corncobs. While that lad issmoking he is thinking of schemesthat we turn into dollars."Can. -you do any pf that sort ofthinking, with or without the aid ofMissouri's most widely advertisedproduct? If you, can you are a candidate for one of those $5,000 or $10;000 jobs.It pays to convolute for the boss.Bringing The Boys Back.The task of turning the nationfrom war to peace is taxing everyavenue of governmental authority.Secretary Baker says thaT as a matterof justice, men who have been longest, in the service should be releasedfirst, but the industrial situation andthe special need for men of a certaincalling probably will modify the principle of, making length of service aguide to order of muster out. Whilethere is an anxiety to return thegreater part of the four million (mennow under arms to civil life there isstill the more important problem ofpreserving the balance of power ofthe labor supply and at the same- timewithout delaying demobilization operations. Among the first of the military changes were orders issued bythe War Department discontinuingthe accpetance of applications for thecentral officers training camps andstopping" the organization of any new!classes.Have Faith.A great financier has just saidthat "the war-- with -its cost, in menand dollars will bring reactions andreadjustments with possible economicdemoralization and depression, and.possible panics." To this might beaddedr that the world finished its jobof hunting' down and bringing totime bandit nations. No warrior orprophet can: foresee 4r foretell whatproblems are ahead of us. Howeverwe are 'living in a day in which,principles of right and justice aretriumphant. In such times all verynaturally have faith!WANTED.Good woman for general' housework, white or colored1 Good wages.MRS. DAVID ADES,170 Forrest Avenue,(15-tf) Lexington, Ky.FOUNDx In the court house, a boys' overcoat, presumably 'belonging to one of,the draftees under examination before the'Bourbon County Draft Board.Owner call at the Gouny Clerk'soffice and pijove property.PEARCE PATON.FOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house ;: lumber room;good garden and fences; all in, goodrepair. Also flats of three rooms andtwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J. B. NORTHCOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833;For SalePure bred Buff Orpington pulletsand cokerels. also a choice lot ofWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be soldin tne next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris; Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.WE BUY ,OLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,.Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.- MAZEK'SvT00TH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.',Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)TRIAT,NOVBsCWai:i; llltjis ym:1HlBHiBMiMHHBIlHHHHHaHHIMBHBHHHlHaHiHHMMaBMAmm - . - -v o-s Haw JJomeSiib ConsumersyGari Save GasX -l. ' .,.- ' . !. iv . a. .-. - .-.,V . . , r i . - - x - - t - - , ., v- -,,: T - ' . . ':; ' !. -'.--;-- xDON'T burn lamp in daytime.'rDONT keep hot water tank flame higher than necessary.DOITT turn gas on for cooking until you have vesselready for use; turn off immediately when cookingis completed.DON'T use gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortflames, if properly directed, consume less gas forthe same cooking operation.DONT turn the gas high, , after cooking boils. Afterboiling begins, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption.DONT keep rooms at over 68 degrees; lower temperatureby turning down gas, not by opening doors andvwindows.DONTburn gas in a furnace without automatic thermos stat control. Such an automatic device preventsoverheating and wasteof gas.jDOOT burn gas in an ordinary coal furnace. It requiresmuch more gas for the same heat than with aspecially built furnace.UNITED STATES FUEL ADMINISTRATIONy-s - .-r&Paris Gas & Electric Company(Incorporate)BBpBJv.BfllllseAfejtJiaailaSSgiliSBggSgggSggaggSBglB Best Canned Soupsper can 1 0c0 Scudders Maple Syrunper -naif gal 1 .24Pancake Flourper package .1 5cIrish Potatoes 3cSweet Potatoesper pound 4cCabbageper "pound.. 3'102cYork Imperial Applesper peck 65c-Grimes Golden Apples- j. per peck ,. . .-. 9Dci vxicw(.iiuui;ej)ieat: beriiackage., 12cj mis' mincemeat as- sweetSrened' readyufor- use; See: mJjhei'of Purt Fruit' Pre-1rTs -SMRSSJBSSS JjP WB imSSS1LjL.L.10IHH i . LsVr f BsT ww 'Mw B- m 11 B 'WT mm ks I' I1 SB"' 1 s BB'SIAT AUCTION!Wednesday, Nov27,'tiAt 11 o'clock a. m.t on-the premises on the Clintonville pike, four miles from the city limitsof Paris, Ky., we willoffer at public sal'witfioutreservrby-bid, rain or shine, the splendid farm "of Hon. A. S. Thomps6n,r c6ntaihfng:337 1-2 acres, divided into three tracts ofRICHPRODUCTIVELANDCASH AND CARRY' GROCERYc Court HoBseBhlivJlV- Mr. Thompson has decided to quiiffarming and move to Paris to engage in other busfness, and has instructed fts 'to sell his farm, which is one among the best improved farms in the county. Fully one-half of the farm is in-, olcTBlue Grass sod and is now ready for 'HEMP, TOBACCO AND CORNTRACT NO1 CONTAINS 150 ACBES; MORE OR LESS, AND IS THE HOME'PLACEOP MR. THOMPSON Two-story pressedorick residence, with slate roof and stone foundation and full dry cellar under length of house. Has large reception hall dining roombed room, pantry, complete bath and kitchen on first fldor "and three bed rooms and hall on second floor. Cistern at door with forcepump in kitchen, large front -veranda and back porch, 'large buggy house easily -converted into garage, smoke house, two hen houses toolhouse, servant's house with two rooms, stock barn on solid concrete foundation, capacity 12 head, cistern attached, ' large " concretewater tank, capacity 96 barrels and supplied frOm bored' well with an inexhaustible supply of water for barn and" residences- -atnrTi- hamNo. 2 with two sheds, capacity 18 to 20 head of horses. 'The farmis under splendid outside and inside fencing; 60 adres old lue grass sod, 55 acres in -wheat, forty of which is sownto blue grass with splendid stand, 25 acres" for " corn, andafso 10 in -hew grass. Two splendid ponds, some young timber" one fullbearing peach orchard and full bearing orchard of mixed fruits. The house is equipped with hot water furnace in splendid Wane' besides having natural gas for "both' light and' heat under perpetual contract. v'TRACT NO. 2-CONTAlNS 75 At&lMlrirueu nouse, .goodie? nouse, and pld-iashionea;A . V, ; ,7 ' . v-w .w, .v- , nxv,i6" w "cu iou wiiub, ana nas ugnt loft noor; concrete silo that holdsZ70 tons and a California red. wnml silo that holds lfiO enna? nonnrato -aratoi tatr iiAiZzrer .i x ...... - --. ...spring; 30 acres old bluegrassod, 18 acres in clover, remainder in high state ofculttyatio ' yer" ngrJcinltttX?:Zl iZXtL ",.,? ZitimXB'" xitAUT ;i "AWiJi butjaCESON THE SAME"PIKE Haseautiful'b.uildinKite and enough fine Umber to build. tobaoWbarri. i" is wSl ttrSffi tcStoiiSipond, and-is under goodfencing;. 0; acres old Wgo grSss sod, every foot of-which will grow 'fine tobacco or hemp? No tobacco W afargrown on this tract and it is a big money-makeV for the lucky" buyer. - xodscco was everTM10ofpurhasejpriceJnsh 23 1-3 Mafch1!, 1919, when possession will be' Rivenand the remainder in one andwo-yeaTnotesetringix per cent; Interest. 5COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES AiictldheferSRiAKJiSi n H1PDIC, Six- i .tk: tt-'mM'--L-'9 wvuvisir;T tzviTzxz j .lis ?ifr.vXjuJ2F-t-hmr.sir'I;"-'.-'..yjUDAY, NOVMBEE 22, 191.THE.jprife jutia,;-3BprtrcKT140E,-','SHjiij .i-i. -KIJ LETTERS FROM BOURBO( COUNTY, JSOLDIERS AND SAILORS Jm i'tm i- - -.- - - m m m m m m m m mmmmmimmKimbrough Duvell, son of Mr. andMrs. Goerge Duvall, of Paris, writesTHE NEWS, from Camp Sevier, nearGreenville, South. Carolina, underdate of Nov. 13. Duvall was transferred from. Camp Upton, on LongIsland, sometime ago to Camp Sevier,for transfer to overseas duties. Hisletter follows:"Camp Sevier,"Nov. 13, 1918."Dear NEWS:"I guess you will be surprised tobear from me, but I am going overseas real soon. The Major over ourbatallion told us we would leave foroverseas about the first week of nextmonth, whether the war is over ornot. We are preparing for a regimental inspection to-morrow. Iguess they will look us over for thelast time. f"I was promoted to the rank ofCorporal a few days ago, and I likemy new job fine, no more 1. P.work for 'yours truly"The 'flu' has about blown overdown here, but we have a few casesof measles. John McNamara is under quarantine. A fellow took themeasles in his tent last week. Ithink he is lucky, for he does notdrill or stand inspection."Haskins, Tracy, Burns and all therest are feeling fine. They arethinking of getting a discharge realsoon, but I think we will have to soldier for a couple of years yet. 'Sid'Arms said he would eat Christmasdinner in Paris, but he must haveHe will go overus every day or two.with the 50th."I would like to be in Paris for acouple of weeks. But 'no pleasurefor the wicked.' I hope Ben Leashwill not catch all of the big ones.'"I will ring off and get to cleaningthat' dirty rifle of mine for inspectionto-morrow."Best regards to all."CORP. K. DUVALL."Co. F., 50th Infantry, Camp Sevier,Greenville, S. C.",liard time jmaking the -people understand what Ivwanted, buUnnallygot"I will have toclose for this time.I will write- at least once "a week,even if I don't hear from you allpromptly. But write just as soon asyou receive this, for I am always gladto hear from home. Give my love toall. Don't worry about me, for weare Deing treated the very best possible, and I am sure will geTback O. K."With best love, I am as ever,"Your son,"CLARENCE BUCHANAN,"Headquarters Co., 149th Irtfslntry,American E. P., via New York."meant Paris, France.Clarence Buchanan, formerly Ftenographer for the Power Grocery Co.,of Paris, who has been m France forsome time as a member of the American Expeditionary Force, writes tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles' A.Buchanan, of near Paris, as follows.under date of October 18, from'Somewhere in France:'"Dear Father and Mother I knowyou have been wondering why Ihaven't written sooner, but I havebeen rather busy since I left theUnited States, and also it hasn't beenvery convenient to write until thistime."Well, mother, I landed safelyacross the 'pond' andNI had a veryenjoyable trip. I was seasick twodays,v but, of course, tfhat doesn't.amount to mucn. After I recoveredj from the seasickness I enjoyed ridingithe big waves.i "I have seen many wonderfulthings since I have been here. I was.m England for a few days, but didmi -aris, ranee. I get to visit any of the large citiesLeslie Cujmmins was transfened i thereto don't know much about Eng-to the 90 th. He comes over to seeFOR SALEPure Duroc gilts. Will sell at reasonable price.E. F. PRICHARD,(tf) Paris, Ky.LOSTNear Paris, a hound bitch, while,with lemon spots; heavy with pups.Any information regarding same willbe appreciated or rewarded.O. L. STEELE,(29-tf) Phone 413, Lexington, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,tCumb. Phone 374.(23-tf) - s. land.i "France is a wonderful country andas pretty a place as I have ever seen.I In my opinion, for beauty, the land!in Kentucky cannot be comparedwith the land in France. It is ratherlevel, and has many large, beautifulpastures and gardens. Lumber'is very'scarce and one might travel for daysand would never find a house builtof lumber. They are made of stonejand rocks, but are very beautiful.If I were permitted I could tell youmany interesting things concerningthis country, but as you know, we orenot allowed to tell anything whichwould be of value to the enemy."We are located in a nice place,and the food is of the very best. It isnothing fancy, but is good, wholesome, strengthening food, and, ofcourse, we couldn't ask for anythingbetter."I have learned to speak a fewwords of French. I know I can neverlearn to speak it fluently, but I amgoing to try and learn to speak" itwell enough to call for anything Imight, want. We are close to a smallcity and I have been there once. 1wanted to buy some bread and had aPUBLIC SALEHorses, Mules, Cattle, Sheep, Hogs and FarmImplements.rAs I have sold my farm I will sell at my place (known as N. Baylessfarm) two miles from Paris, on May sville pike, onTuesday, November 26, 1918,at "10 o'clock & m. sharp:1 pair. 7-year-old black Percheronmares in foal to jack;1 pair 3-year-old black Percherons,well broke;1 half Percheron gelding, 3 yearsold;1 saddle and driving mare, ladybroke, in foal to jack;2 pair coming 3-year-old wellmatched mare mules;1 yearling mare mule;1 yearling horse mule;1 weanling mare mule, good;1 race horse, 3 years old;1-6-year-old Shetland pony;1 yearling Shetland' filly;5 extra good milk cows, calves byside;2 red cows; "1 black pole cow, be fresh by dayof sale5 black long yearling steers, 750pounds; .11 black yearling heifers, 700pounds;8 black calves;6 jersey cows, fresh;70 3-year-old black-faced ewes,due to lamb March. 1;2 extra good Southdown bucks;1 sow and 8 pigs;1 sow and 5 pigs;5 brood sows, farrow in spring;1 Poland China boar:17 cattle fihoats;' 1 Chester white boar;1 Jersey Duroc boar;' 24 shoats;1 Deering Binder, new;. -2 Deering Mowers;2 Brinley cultivators;1 Bull Rake;,1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 potato planter, fertilizer attachment; . 1 one-horse fertilizer drill;r 2 tongueless Randall Harrows;1 60-tooth harrow;1 roller; 2 double-shorel plows;c 1 Bemis Tobacco Setter;3 breaking plows;2 5-shovel plows;Sergt Newsum Keller, of Paris.who recently returned to his armyauues at igeon Point, near Wilmington, Delakare, writes THENEWS as follows:"Pigeon Point, Delaware,Nov. 17, 1918."Dear NEWS: Don't know forsure, but think that within the nextthirty days I will be back in civil lifeand civilian attire. Haven't as yetdecided what I will do, but think Ihave had enough of the so-calledsimple life, so I think I will hit thehigh places for New York City. Ifyou have any extra space in THENEWS I am enclosing a home-madepoepi which treats of the woes .of aman who spent years, in the army,but could not get the big men tosend him to France."As it is nearing time for taps Iwill close, and let you hear from meagain pretty soon. Your,'"NEWSUM KELLER."Co. D., 12th Batallion, '"Pigeon Point, Wilmington, Del.""In-Turned."There are thousands of men in theA. E. F.Who did not volunteer,",And plenty more will be going o'erWho'd just a's soon be here.The most unfortunate man to-dayIs the fellow who cajme to the frontAnd offered his all at his country'scall sAnd was ready to bear the bluntBut was cast aside and assignedelsewhereTp Replacement or Depot Brigade,And there to remain till he grewinsaneAs he waited in vain for aidFor his longed-for chancer to go toFrance xDoes not materialize; -Hestorms and he frets but henever getsHis chance like the other guys.He writes in despair to his friendsover thereThat he'd give ten years of his lifeIf he could get in it for only aminuteTo try out his luck in the strife.Now last year they told him that theythey had to-hold-himOn this side with other good menTo train new recruits in makingsalutesYet again and again and again.Now the end of the fight is almost insight, , 'He's as far from the front as atfirst, .Is it any great wonder he thinks ita blunder' And his soreness cannot be dispersed? For now' it would seem that his fondest dream 'To fight for the U. S. -A.Will never arrive, although he maystriveAnd hotfe against hope for the day.The unlucky ones in this great worldwarAre not the men who are killed,Nor the wounded ones, be theyAllies ,or"Hun8,No matter what blood they havespilledThe most unfortunate man of to-dayIs the man who jumped at thechanceTo figh't like Hell from the tap ofthe bell,But who'll never see service inFrance.1 potato plow ( ,1 Mitchell two-horse wagon, new;1 two-horse wagon, combinationbed;1 hay frame; j1 Studebaker 1-horse wagon;1 Frazier break cart, new;1 good spring wagon;1 runabout buggy;1 drag; 1 wheat fan;6 feed troughs; J1 sled; 1 corn sheller;1 pond scraper;1 horse clipper, new;1 corn crusher;1 grind stone;1 rock bed;1 feed cooker,. good;1 No. 9 cream separator;Lot milk cans, 5 and 8 gallons;1 lard press;1 whitewash spray;1 wheelbarrow;2. .cross-cut saws;2 fence stretchers;75 new gunny bags;1 set all leather gears, extra good;1 man'-s saddle; - -1 boy's saddle, new;1 set break harness3 sets "work gears;1 extension ladder;200 locust posts;4 barrels salt;3 barrels lime;2 iron mantel pieces;6,000 strawberry boxes;200 fence stays;15 tons baled alfalfa hay (homegrown) ;17 tons baled mixed hay;2 tons straw;1 straw rick;3 water troughs;1 platform scale;1 pair ice hooks;12 hot-bed sashes, with glass;-Lot chickens, ducks and geese;200-shocks extra good corn, willmake better than barrel to shock;Pitch forks, tools, etc., too numerous to mention.FEELING LIKE GIVING UP ?Many Paris People On the Verge of.. . -Collapse.- 4l Will also rent about 100, acres of grazing from December 1 to March1 1Q19-TERMS-Made Jmown on day o f sale.LJOHN SAUERtestis fs.,AnctioiWr.y.a&$ "r - .":;- --, East Tennessee Phome 152r'd!A bad back makes you miserableall the time.Lame every morning; sore all day.It hurts" to stoop it hurts 'tostraighten. " tWhat with headache; dizzy spells,urinary weaknessNo wonder people are doscouraged. Who do not know the kidneysmay be the cause of it all.-Give the weakened kidneys needful help.Use a tested and proven kidneylemedy.None endorsed like Doan's KidneyPills.Mrs. John Mas tin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills wi.th good resultsand I know from the help they gaveme that they would be just as bene-'ficial in other cases of kidney trouble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneyslacted - irregularly. Doan's KidneyPills fid, me of those complaints andif I should need a Kidney remeayagain, I would certainly take Doan's."Mrs. Martin is only one or manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills'. ,If yourback aches, if your kidneys botheryou, don't simply ask for a kidneyremedy, ask distinctly ,for Doan'sKidney Pills, the same that Mrs. 'Mas-tin had the remedy backed by hometestimony. 60 cents at all ! stores.Foster Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. "When Your Back is Lame,Remember the Name." (adv))s k SlHaving started life as a harnessmaker, we take it that HerrsEbertknows just about what our folks willdo to hipi if he happens to. get hishind leg over the trace.SLEEP AND BEST.N.One of the most common causes ofinsomnia and restlessness is indfges-JLion. lane uue, uiujiiuuuciijhuTablets immediately after jsuppeffc and-t3pefyter andalep;j Better. . x ocjoHiy cost a. quarter. -EBENCH WAEWiPOWrTHarKS-BOURBON BEIfEFCTOR.t Although the war is over, thoarmistrce'signedhostilities at an end",and a peace conference will shortlyconvene to consider all the details ofa permanent peace, vet the effectsthe horrible events that have beenmade the last four years, the blackest-in the .history of the world remain.Ruined homes, widowed hearts andfatherless children in France andBelgium will manifest the unspeakab cruelties of the war foryears to come. 7Especially does the helpless condition of little children appeal to thehuman heart, and the good peoplewho have already "adopted" one ormore of "these little ones" are experiencing their reward in the feeling that they have contributed toa philanthrophy which can be measured only by the future usefulness oftheir protegees, and by the gratitudesuch" as is explained in the followingpathetic little letter:Conflans, 14 Oct., 1918.Mr. W. B. Allen,Paris, Ky.,Mr. and Dear Benefactor:I am too little to compose a longletter, but I can at least tell youthat I thank you with all my heart forsending me the beautiful draft whichmy mamma is going to receive at thepostoffice.I love you very much, and I shallnever forget the kindness which youhave done for me. I ask the good Godthat .He grant you health and thathe make you happy.I pray you, my dear Benefactor, to"believe in all my gratitude and I sendyou my respectful salutation.ANNETTE GUIGNOT,Conflansron Seine,- (Marne)France.I am sending you (my picture whichyou will find in the? letter.I join my most sincere thankswith those of my little girl. My husband die'd on the field of honor in October, 1914, leaving a widow withfive children, one boy at the front,another 14 years old, who is beginning to work, and three little girlswho go to school, of.whom the eldestis ill, and the two others, 8 and 7years.Before closing, I pray you to accept my ever living gratitude andmy respectful sentiments.GUINOT.Thefollowing is a list of new subscribers, who have adopted Frenchoiphans:Mr. Catesby Woodford, Jr.Mrs. John Kiser and Miss LeliaGoodman Kiser.Miss Elizabeth Miller, Millersburg.Mrs. J. T. Jefferson.Mis. H. C. Buckner.Mr. and Mrs. Carl Long.Mr. J. S. Wilson.Episcopal Church.Mr. Frank Hall.Mr. J. Quincy WardMisses Mary Adams' and Anne McMillan Talbott.Catholic Ladies.Mrs. Robt. Ferguson.Mrs. I. D. Thqmpson.There are many others whose livescould be made happy by the gift of$3b.bU ior year ior ineir support.Any persons who desire to aid in thisnoble work may (make it known toMrs. A. B. Hancock or Mrs. M. H.Dailey.1E1 E51 1SIHORSEBACK WRESTLING NEWSPORT E0R SOLDIERS.A new sport which has become verypopular among ..the soldiers in aCanadian training camp is horsebackwrestling, says the December PopularMechanics Magazine in an illustrated article. Two teamsof 10 men aremounted, on horseback" at oppositesides of the field. At a given signalthey charge toward each other, theobject of each teapn being to dismount all of its opponents.1 1 m iNow that the censorship is lifted,why not send a good reporter to findout the name of that "Atlantic Port"from which all our boys embarked forFrance.-fy- 5 --"PRINTZE&SCOATSGraceful Lines and Splendid Service inThese Beautiful Coats.XOf all the Fall Coats that we have seen fora number of years these stylish Printzess garments are the most attractive. Some havehandsome fur collars and are very aristocratic.The belts, too, are novel and artistic.You get the height of style and smartnessin thesa Printzess coats real "distinction indress." Yon also obtain lasting value and dependable all-wool quality in these coats whichare exquisitely tailored even to their' smallestdetails. They not only fit well at first, but theyhold their stylish lines throughout the life ofthe garment., We want you to look at these new Printzesscoats and try them on without feeling under theslightest obligations to buy. We want you to seethe value and the exquisite tailoring for yourself. We want you to note the prices whichmaker Printzess Coats and Suits the most economical and yet the most stylish garments youcan obtainanywhere.A-WOLF,WILECO.LEXINGTON, KY,XIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIlieEfficientinningIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heaters-".T Oto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYIXXiGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORN Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky. "Is what you get if you take the Fugazzi Way. The demand for ourgraduates is much greater than wecan supply. We court a thorough in-1vestigation.Send for Booklet "The FugazzaWay Leads to the Highest Positions'and you'll be convinced jthat this isthe best school for you to attend.;Miss Fugazzi is in "her office each dayfrom 9 to 12 and-1 to 5 p, m. tolmeet prospective students. Enrollnow and be ready to start when the"flu' ban is raised.Fugazzi School ofBusinessr 'Hfficiencv is Our Watchword-Miss .Irene Puzazzi, Principal.5Mrs.NL. V. Jones, Asst. Prinipaljll8,Jj.,uwr;st.. second Jflttr 4'IttdmrttoC'lSr. 4"iXHHXlIVliNew PI rectoryHome Telephone Co.Our new directory will go to press within the .nearfuture, ancl if you are thinking of haying a telephone installed we would be -glad to 'figure with. you. We are per- .mitted,l)y the Government to make new installationswhere service is needed, for essential purposes,, and x pro-'videdwehave facilities and the "Service ConnectionCharge" is paid by the subscriber: This charge is veryreasonable compared with that of piping our house for ''water or gas, or wiring itof electric lights, anxLiraposetlby the Government as a war measure only. ' . "Paris Home Telephone & Telgrapk Co. ;J. J. VEACH, -Distnct'Manaser. . :., H. t4H3!IXIIXIXIIXIMX.M iIc t',?rjrf-fsuj- :mtr$ja'iotxTHE B01JZB0M,4PRnA.Y4 NOTJLMBKR 2 MIX 1''- .- . ,1t1Ire.-XVhw-!,HOWTO CAK SPAHE SIBS AHD(GET SOLDIERS ADDRESS LABELSBACKBONE.Miss liucy B. Simms, BpurbonCounty Chairman Woman's JDepart-fnentof Food Administration, has te-s ceived the following instructionsfrom" State headquarters:University of Kentucky, College ofAgriculture, Extension Division, Lexington, ,Ky., Nov. 5, 1918. ;CANNING OP SPARE-RIBS ANDBACK-BONES. 'JVlany requests have come for thehest method of saving spare-ribs and"back-bones, which country peoplehave in large quantities at hog-killingtime. In Kentucky, weather isso variable that a few days of highertemperature may occur at any timeduring the winter, and even thoughspare-ribs and back-bones have beenwell salted they acquire a bad flavorunless used promptly. The temperatewinter climate of Kentucky has heretofore occasioned great extravaganceand waste, also much sickness fromexcessive use of fresh meat.For several weeks after hog-killingxjountry people eat fresh pork threetimes a day in order to use the supply before it spoils. The Food Administration now requires a conservation of meat and the following recipe is offered as a means of extending the family supply of spare-ribsand back-bones throughout the -year:Use as large a roasting pan as willt the oven and fill it with spare-rib and backbones. Salt and pepperto taste and add a little water, basting frequently and evenly until theyare thoroughly done and nicelybrowned as if for immediate tablenee, Remove from oven and cut meatfrpm the bones into small pieces and-solace it in quart glass jars that havebeen previously sterilized. Fill allspaces and to the brim of the jai withsome of .the liquid of the roasting pan.Place in rubber ring, lid and clamp inposition, but do not close spring oflamp or screw Mason lid tight. Placejars in oven, either on the rack placed one or two inches from bottom ofcir.OYen or else in a dripping pan with"a cloth laid on the bottom and addtwo inches of water. Heat the oventcabout 300 degrees F. or about asit should be for baking bread. Leavej&rs in the oven at this temperaturefor 45 minutes. Remove from ovenand tighten lids completely. Invertjars to test seals and protect them-from a cold draught. Let cool gradt "ually. It is necessary to use a rubber ring that will stand this heat.The "Good Luck" or "Cold Pack" arerecommended.NOTE. Meat must be cannedwithin three days after butchering;earlier if temperature is above freezing. When ready to use, heat the meatin the jar and serve on a platter, suriounding the mold of meat withsteamed rice or mashed potatoes.Sausage may be saved by usingthe above method after the cakes orlinks have been fried.KEWATTTO MAIL TRUCK SERVICE A SUCCESS.The new auto truck mail service-recently inaugurated by the Postoffice Department, which made itsUrst trip through Paris last Monday,is proving a decided success, and.proving the wisdom of the authorities in furnishing this mode of accommodation forthe urban population of counties through which theservice passes. The trucks carry onlymail and parcel post packages, nopassengers.These trucks are of special convenience in carrying produce to thenarkets. Any farmer along the routeof either line can stop the truck at3iis gate and mail any parcels that he'desires. For instance, a crate of eggsthat costs ninety cents to transportby, express to Cincinnati, can be sent"by" means of this truck to Cincinnatilor about sixty-one cents. The tniGkstops, at the farmers' gates to pick upthe crates, thus saving the farmersa trip to town. The trucks will not,however, deliver parcels anywhere"but at regular postoffices., , The- rou,te'embraces two lines, for which the following schedules have been arranged: SOUTHBOUND:Leaves Cincinnati 5:30. a. m.Arrives Cynthiana 11:30 a. m.Leaves Cynthiana 1:00 p. m.Arrives Paris 2:00 p. m.Arrives Lexington 3:15 p. m.Arrives Danville . . ... , . .'.7:30 p. m.' NORTHBOUND:Leaves Danville 5:30 a, m.-Arrives Lexington 9:45 a. jm.Arrives Paris ; .'. .'11:00 a. m.Arrives Cynthiana 12:00 noonArrives Cincinnati 6:30 p. m.SOUTHBOUND:Leaves Louisville .'.. .5:00 a. xilLeaves Bardstown 8:20 a. m.Arrives Danville 12:00 noonNORTHBOUND:Leayes Danville 1: 00 p. m.Arrives Bardstown 4:45 p. m.vArrives Louisville ..-...'. .7; 30 p. mJL S. THOMPSON'S FARM TO BE:. SOLD ON NOV. 28TH.t'On November 27th, at 11 o'clock,Harris & Speakes will sell threatracts of land belonging to Hon. A.S. Thompson, 337 acres of the bestland in Kentucky. Read the big advertisement in another column foriulldescription and particulars.(19-2,t)AUSTRALIAN WOOL CLIP."For the first time the whole of theAustralian wool clip has been valuedon -a scientific basis. Some 664,000,000 pounds have been handled, andthe result, based on the all-aroundflat rate of 15d per pound, is stated to be 14.68d. Last season the appraisements worked out at 14.16d,which shows an increase for this season., of 9.5 per cent. The new cliplM,lredy commenced to move intorj Sydmey, ,355 bales -navmg been re-" eeive from July 1 6 July 18, inclu-.rMve. ,Frigktis still aproblem andot uck5llif is in . profypot? Jbut' Mime relW: will be ) afforded byth"dGovernment store.FROM RED CROSS.In case relatives of men. overseaswith the American Expeditionaryforces have not yet received, the labelscontaining the names and correct addresses of the soldiers, which are tobe forwarded by them to their families, they may obtain such labels fromthe Red Cross by presenting a certificate that they are the nearest relatives of the men and that they havenot received labels. This arrangement is effective after November 21,as the date limit of November 21 formailing Christmas' parcels overseashas been extended to November 30,inclusive, as the location of certaindivisions of our troops has preventedthe prompt distribution and dispatchof Christmas labels from members totheir relatives at home.The Third Assistant PostmasterGeneral has issued the followingnotice about the matter:"The nearest relative of any member of the American Expeditionaryforces in Europe not receiving aChristmas parcel label by November21, 1918, or in 'case such label is lost,may obtain a Christmas parcel labelfor sending such a parcel by applyingto the local Red Cross receiving station. Parcels to which such labelsare affixed will be accepted by postmasters up to and including November 30, 1918."RETURN OF THE SOLDIERS MAYArrangements for bringing homethe troops in France are beingworked out rapidly from a shippingpoint of view, the shipping board announced in issuing a call for fivethousand volunteers to man the shipsthat will be used for that purpose.Chairman Hurley, before his departure for Europe, left definite orders io rush.all arrangements for thiswork. The W.ar Department transport service, it was said, is co-operating fully -with the shipping board.Plans have been formulated wherebythe shinning board will furnishcrews for the War Department trans-!sorts. Each month, it was said. 400jnieh will he required as firemen andoiner minureus ror ratings as sa,nui&,stewarts, cooks and coal passers.Men between 18 and 35 will be accepted under the call issued withoutregard for their draft rating or previous experience and will be putaboard training ships at Boston, SanFrancisco, Seattle, New Orleans andCleveland for six weeks' training.Opportunity will be afforded thosewho enlist to remain permanently inthe merchant marine after peace hasbeen signed and the entire army returned to the States.CUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflSwers may be used. Prompt attention given all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.FOURTH LIBERT LOANPayments on the Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds are now due.Please call and settle promptly.PEOPLE DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST CO. (tf)ps te fcJUST RECEIVED. .Received 10 or 15 cars best RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yard. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)3 IS TBCLAM HANDKERCHIEFSHELPSPREAD DISEASES.Coughs and sneezes are not theonly spreaders of colds in epidemicform the handkerchief also is aparty to the cripie.Cotton bandanna of labor or thehemstitched ' linen ' or milady areequally guilty. Any handkerchiefsaturated with the secretion from arunning nose is a menace when usedover and over again, and especiallydangerous when it becomes dry and asource of contagious dust.Many people with bad colds blowthe secretion into a handkerchiefwhich is then wiped in and out of apocket, soiling it and and the handswith the same secretion.Why are these germ colds on theincrease now? Simply because inmild weather when windows anddoors are open most of the time tofresh air the fresh breezes ventilateout houses and carry away germs.Good ventilation means fewergerms germs diluted.The cold season, however, willbring over-heated, indoor, closed,stuffed spaces, with over-crowding.When people congregate in closedair spaces the'y each contribute contamination of dust and dirt from feetand clothing and many of them contribute disease germs of which theyare carriers, though seemingly well.In other words, the same thingthat pnakes measles, chickenpox,mumps and similar contagious diseases spread among children housedin fall and winter schools makespneumonia colds, influenza colds, pusgerm colds and other infectious coldsspread among people of all ages during the season of ill ventilation.LESS MEAT, BETTER HEALTHPhysicians agree in the verdict thatthe average American community isin better health than it was a yearago. This is ascribed partly io thediminution of the quantity of meatconsumed in response to the appealsof the Food Administration and tothe corresponding increase in thevegetable diet.'1A,reVl(flS?s .effect pn . autocratseem to bVdiam1RHcallyoppoit'eto'its effect on a bull. ' -KAYOR. JAlfUARY IHD0RSI3 SOIrPIERS 3CEM0KIAL PROJECTPARIS, KY., Nov. 21, 1918.To Bourbon Citizens:I am aware of the move quietlylaunched a few weeks ago by the committee in charge of the Soldiers Tobacco Fund to secure means withwhich to erect a suitable monumentin Paris, to the memory of Bourbon'spatriots, who gave their lives in thegreat war just, closed, and I desire toadd my earnest and unqualified endorsement of same.The Soldiers Tobacco Fund Committee inaugurated the Soldiers Tobacco Fund when war was declared.The purpose of this fund, as frequently stated by members of the committee, was to liberally supply all Bourbon soldiers with their favoritebrands of cigars, cigarettes, chewingtobaccos, etc., not only while entraining for an Army Camp, but alsowhenever the Bourbon soldier requested such articles regardless as towhere he was located.This committee, through the liberality of Bourbon citizens, has fullydischarged their original purpose andevery Bourbon County select as wellas volunteers in the service, havebeen the recipients of these comforting gifts from the Tobacco FundCommittee, throughout the durationof the war.The committee has not confined itsefforts alone to tobaccos however,but in many cases has suppliedcandies, toilet articles, wearing apparel, etc., to say nothing of the mealsand lodging furnished on different occasions. Then too, the Soldiers' Tobacco Fund Committee has thoughtfully,and most appropriately, spent quitea sum of money for flowers for thegrayas of all our boys who have diedm army framing camps recently. Thegame fund has also provided badgesand other necessary incidental supplies for Bourbon selects.The Soldiers Tobacco Fund Committee, composed from the beginningof Messrs. Bruce Miller, Pearce Patenand Lewis T. Lilleston, while havingalmost served the purpose for whichit was originated,! am told, is entirelyfree from debt, and for several weekshas been quietly continuing its efforts for subscriptions for the purpose of erecting a durable andsuitable monument in Paris to thememory of Bourbon's patriots whoselives were given in defense of theircountry.The committee has gone about itswork quietly, due to their desire notto interfere with the present WarWork Campaign, and they expectsoon to unfold to the people of Bourbon County their future aims andpurposes.This new monument by the Soldiers'lobacco .bund Committee is a mostcommendable and practical movement. One that should and no doubtwill, meet with the great success itjustly deserves.In behalf of this worthy movement.I desire to ask that every citizen of-runs aim Duuruon Vjounxy give xothis highly worthy movement, that anappropriate "memorial may be erectedto the memory of our war heroes. Iam confident that the committee willat the proper time, unfold its plansfully to the public and I can unhesitatingly commend the movementas worthy of everyone's support.Respectfully,E. B. JANUARY, Mayor,Paris, Ky.W 1GB IKPARIS TOBACCO MARKET WILLOPEN DECEMBER 11.The Paris tobacco market, one ofthe best in the State in the past, willopen on Wednesday, Dec. 11, oneof the houses making the announcement that tobacco would be receivedon its floors on Monday, Dec. 9.Many formers and growers havefinished stripping their tobacco, andare anxious for the opening of thelocal market, so they may obtainmoney, to meet their war obligationsand other .necessary expenses. Twobuyers for the large tobacco companies are already here to await theopening day.By the time the local market opensall the tobacco in the county willhave been stripped and placed in condition for handling The weather forthe most part-has been very favorable for this kind of k work and someof the crops are even now ready forthe warehouses. There have been nospeulators noted in the county. Thegrowers and handlers of the weed areanticipating good prices.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsfe teCHILD PROBABLY FATALLYBURNED AT GEORGETOWN..Martha Pingle, six-year-old daughter of Mr. a,nd Mrs. James Pingle, ofGeorgetown, was probably fatallyburned Tuesday afternoon, and JamesjparKer, a blacksmith, was severely.burned about the hands in trying tosave the child's life.Mrs. Pingle left her home on Courtstreet to market, leaving the littlegirl at home alone. As the childpassed the opeji grate, it is thoughtshe tried to reach the mantel, whenher dress caught on fire. She ran into.the street, her clothes in flames. ParTker, who was passing, rushed to herassistance and smothered the flameswith his coat. M-K ' - " . . .- m K aFire, Wind -and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.GOV. STANLEY APPOINTS STATISTRACING COMMISSION. -Governor Stanley, Wednesday, ap-'yuiayvu. uonnson xs uamaenof Versailles; Judge Allie W. Young, ofMorehead, W. J. Abram. of Louisville, and Thomas A. Combs and JC:teene, of Lexington, members of the'State Racing x Commission. Abram;!Keene and Combs are the new,mem-Jbers succeeding Thomas Hart Talbott,of Paris, General. W. B. Haldemari:.and Charles F. Grainer, of Loui3ville,,, Camden, Young and Keene Atemember of thecopimfriok whoare!breeders of thoroughbreds:" " "t"vRU1AX CARXIER.EXAlCJrAnOH.Ther United- States ' Civil 'Service.Cofmmissloh has announced .an examination for the County of Bourbon)Ky., to be held at Paris on December14, to fill the position of rural carrier at Paris andvvacanciesthat maylater occur on rural routes from other,postoffices In the above-mentionedcounty. -The examination" will beopen only to male citizens who areactually domiciled in the territory ofa postoffice in the county and whomeet the other requirements set forthin Form No. 1977. This form andapplication blanks may be obtainedfrom the offices mentioned above orfrom the United States' Civil ServiceCommission at Washington, D. C. Applications should be, forwarded to theCommission at Washington at theearliest practicable date. Applications may be had by calling t on W.C. Clark of W. M. Cooper, examiners,at Paris postoffice.During the continuance of thepresent war the Commission will, inaccordance with, the request of thePostoffice Department, admit womento rural carrier examinations . uponthe same conditions as men.The vacancy for which this examination is caused by the enlistmentof the carrier formerly employed on,the route. Upon his honorable discharge from the military service ofthe Government he will be entitledto reinstatement to his former position as carrier on this route in accordance with the statute approved-July 28, 1916, which 'is as follows:"Any postal employee who has entered the military service of theUnited States or who shall hereafterenter it shall, upon being honorablydischarged therefrom, be permitted to"resume his position in the postal department which he left to enter suchservice."However, any pferson appointed tothis position may, in the discretionof the Postoffice Department, be assign 3 to other parts of the postalservice m" tra-nsf erred to otherbranches of the classified service forWhich he is eligible,WK IS HiPRODUCTIVE HEMP, TOBACCOAND CORN LAND FOR SALE.Iteud the big advertisement d theA S. Thompson frarps For Sale,3.7- acres of improved and unimproved corn, tobacco and hemp lands.An ideal country home. Sale November 2 7 th.-l9-2t)HARRIS & SPEAKES.J5J m 1"CAMP KNOX TO BE MADE PERMANENT CAMP.Camp Knox, at Stithton, Ky., nowin process of construction, will becompleted and maintained by the governjment as a permanent artillerytraining cantonment in connectionwith artillery firing center at West.Point, according to announcementmlade by W. P. Dale, Director of theUbited States Employment Service forKentucky, after the receipt of advicesiitom Major W. H. Radcliff, construction quartermaster in charge of thew,ork. Mr. Dale said that, accordingto his advices, instructions had beenreceived for the completion of four ofthe six brigade units "of the cantonment, providing accommodations for40,000 men instead of the 60,000 soldiers it had been originally plannedtp send here.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTNews comes -from Holland that thefbnmer Kaiser has decided to live inliolland and buy large estates there.While our troops are over there itjsvould not be a bad idea under suchcircumstances to give Holland awhaling for permitting such a bruteto have lodsrment there. However,tjhere are extradition laws that willget the beast, if it is decided that hefiliall be tried for the -most colossalcrimes in history.1111 -illi III Ifi IIIII II-! ' taaaaanaaaaaI ' ' XHJEUMJ VffRfiAL CAR J ' ' ''.III " l ui III ' nM The War is Overt:i The Ford Motor Co. starts immediatelv toIII MSS4if!Sil''My nlnoMv ,.-m & - -C . IIhi mm u,ub . piasui s v.ai a. vrsfu.ciri xur II. nish cars very shortly -to our customers.Place your orders now for an early deliv-ery, and dp not overlook the service youHI will receive in purchasing a car -from us;.! Ill . T v . : .. kIII ol !TMiH IIIII " I ';' ; ' - .t f. JLzJ- I H ( v - '-iv 'f j r4rS at "-- : - Tr J M 1 M -" l 'III -' x. - Jj 1, m . . ? , - - IMl' A ' ju-jflTn '' flt '&) III " iIII ilcSSflBSil L JBtl ' ftIII I f77 TBr! rMTrBr fSTrH 1 '''''' t I111 i .s. ........ Wrk iSKflSri! "" i vkimi otjj I ' -v nIII I ' ' t- !"' JJ' yKJAW'J Y4Pv J? ' IIIII ' -li. t .. ?. . SSVr V IIIII (- . 4 IlHi ' ' - 1Ml " iIII rk d m. m '-,' tjKuggies iviocor to. gHI - Paris, Kentucky B1 ' . l ' " - ( . IFBANK&G0JSADIES'V4" $8IVBIG47.5 ". i? i tREDUCTIONSANDJERSEY AND SATINDRESSESFRANK & COLADIES'v.GRAINFIELDS SAVEDHRES.PROMDuring 1917 crops valued at $130,000 were saved from destruction inCalifornia through the fire-fightingcampaigns initiated through thefarm bureaus by county agentsthroughout the State. A Ford autotruck equipped with an extinguisherand other fire-fierhtine: anDaratuswere purchased by one county bylevying an assessment of 2 cents peracre on its grain land. Fifty thousand dollars' worth of grain were sev-ed in StaTiiskns pmintv ninna tiimncriiits newly organized fire department,J San Diego led all the counties in fire' protection, with an aDDroDriation of$9,500 for the emDlovment of fireOUTFITTERS-. . iV'i'2rINJAOUTFITTERSbosses. thr securing of equipment andthe paying for labor consumed infighting fires. The farmers of California have decided to eliminate atleast the losses to their crops due tofires. All the principal grain-producingcountries have now secured appropriations and appointed fire bossesand trailers as a result of the combined efforts of their county agentsand representatives of the forest service. 51 JE3 feINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.xAr-FBlblY, ltoviai$Efer22; 19i8.""the BoraAraw,' v. 'f '4$ - mils mmmm iFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEPAUEL BACKS.The newest things in suits for theyoung fellow. We have them.J. W. DAVIS & CO.iSi fcs EaFOR THE BED CROSSAn aged grey horse belonging toMr.Valney Ferguson was sold at public auction on the court house squarefor $25. The proceeds were donatedto the Bourbon County Chapter RedCross. Mr. Ferguson paid $145 lorthe animal when be first acquired itseveral years ago.jtai es is ...APPOINTED ADMINISTRATORIn the County Court Judge GeorgeBatterton appointed "Mr. John W.Jones, of North. Middletown, as administrator of the estate of Mrs.Annie Rhodes Gillispie, who diednear Little Rock, in this county, recently. Mr. Jones qualified for thetrust by furnishing bond.sa s ysBUSINESS CHANGES.social Aim personal: ;Awnings and Goings of OurPeople Htre, There and 'Elsewhere.Hedges, of Paris, inJ. M. Powell, in Win-The restaurant firm of Aher-n &Burton, doing busings at the cornerof Tenth, and Pleasant streets, hasdissolved, Mr. Frank Burton retiring.The business is being conducted byMr. Thos. Ahearn. Mr. Burton willprobably engage in some other business, unless he finds a suitable location in Paris.TO REHEARSE E6R THANKSGIVING SERVICES.All members of the choirs of theParis church.es and of tlie CommunityChorus are requested to meet at theY. M. C. A. building to-morrow (Saturday) night at 7:30 o'clock, to rehearse (music for the Thanksgivingservices.A. I. BOATRIGHT, Director.T JQ 15A WORD OF THANKS.Miss Boehme, Superintendent ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital, wishesto thank publicly tbe volunteernurses and all the ladies who otherwise assisted during the recent epidemic, also those who were sothoughtful in remembering the sickwith flowers and appetizing trays."That, which you have done have,been, indeed, deeds of kindness."15i PS TaGET YOUR LABELS.The Home Service division of theRed Cross waras Paris and Bourboncounty people that Saturday, November 30, will be the last day to sendChristmas -packages to soldiers overseas. Those holding labels are requested to callat the Red Cross Toomsin the Bourbon-Agricultural Bankbuilding at Main and Broadway,from 2:00 to 4:00 p. m.T and gettheir boxes.En ?b !-CHANGE OF DATE FOR TOBACCOSEASON.Owing to a necessity in change ofdate, the opening sale of tobacco atthe Independent Tobacco Warehouse,in Paris, has been changed from Wednesday; Dec. 4, to Wednesday, Dec.11. The house will be open for thereception of tobacco on the . salesfloors on Monday, Dec. 9, instead ofMonday, Dec. 2, as previously advertised. jsa .fe feJUST RECEIVED.Miss Martha Talbott is at homefrom Manrn-rpfr nniioov ,., v&c, ttu Versailles.xurs. in. isa guest of Mrs.Chester.-Miss Nell Bush has returned toher liqme in Winchester, after a visitto relatives in Paris.-Miss Cornelia Stone has retura-I? ,ronLa visit to her sister, Miss"Hadley Stone, in Versailles.Mr. Isaac Wilmot and familyhave returned to their home nearHutchison, after a six months' staym New Mexico.Mrs. Sidney Clay, Misses Chars' aMi-aildo Iartha Ferguson andMrs William Shire, of Paris, were re-cut visitors m .Lexington.Mrs. Gus Margolen, of Georgetown and daughter, Mrs. MelvinUUSt' ? f ?ew York Cit are Sestso. Mrs. Louis Saloshin and family, onPleasant street. ,Mr. James Higgins, a popularemploye of the Bourbon Steam Laim-uiy, wno nas Deen very ill with rheumatism at his home on Seventh streetis improving. "Jimmie" wishes hisfriends to know that he is not an influenzal sufferer.Society events in this city havebeen absolutely 'nil' during the lastmonth, owing to the Health .Boardregulations. One young society mansaid that if this thing kept up muchlonger Paris society people wouldnave to learn all over asrain "hmv .I loTlom t-m jts'kf' - If - 1ii''ft'c ii uuiuyauy iMrs. Mmer Nichols and family,who have been seriously ill of theSpanish influenza at Irvine, are anthe road to recovery, Mrs. JamesStephens, of Paris, who has beennursing them, returned here Wednesday, and was sent to the home ofMr. C. M. Penn, on the Clintonvillepike, where she is acting in a similar capacity,Miss Nancy Barbee Wilson,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Wilson, of Paris, who has been ill of influenza -at Science Hill Academy, inShelbyville, was reported yesterdayas being somewhat better. Theschool had been entirely free fromdisease until Monday, when four cases of influenza developed. Studentshave returned to their homes, whilethe school is closed. The cases reported are of a mild form.Received 10 or 15 cars best RedAsh Coal at Dodson's yards. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)THANKSGIVING DAY.Next Thursday, November 28, willbe Thanksgiving Day. The banks andpostoflice will be closed, and the rural mail carriers will not make theirusual rounds, In the city the usual utand.morning delivery will be made by Lhecity carriers. The general deliveryand stamps windows will be openfrom 11:30 to 12:30, but no businesswill be transacted in the money order or registry departments.REPORT OE WEATHERS SALEOn account of the bad weather conditions there was a small crowd inattendance at the public sale Tuesdayon the farm of the Weathers Bros.,on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris.The bidding was active. George D.Speakes, of Harris & Speakes, whoconducted the sale, furnishes the following report:Sheep sold from ?11 to $14 perhead; cows, $45 to $100 per head;bull calf, $75; yearling cattle, 11cents per pound; heifers, 10 to 11cents per pound; shoats $9 to $15 a?head; five sows with young pigs, $40to $69 per head; yearling colt, $100;pair of Percheron. mares, $500; farmimplements-brought 'good prices.WHY DO YOU PAY RENT?Probaly it appears to you to be theeasiest way to get along it Is certainly easy for the landlord. Youare braking- him a present of thehouse; in which you live every iewyears,: for in reality you are buyingand paying for a home, but never receive the deed for it.By taking advantage of the Bourbon. Building & Loan Associationssystem of loa-ning anoney you willonly have to pay for your home once,and the house will be yours while youdo it,f as you will be paying the rentto yourself.We offer you the opportunity mour new series which opens Saturday; .December 7.-H' J5 TOWER, PrKdMifc -- vLpwnirS. 'AHNS2ARGER, Sect.IHDEPEHDENT TOBACCO&WAEE, HOUSE TO OPEN SEASONDECEMBER 11."The tobacco season of 1918-19 willbe inaugurated in Paris on. Wednesday, December 11, when the first salewill be held" at the warehouse of .theIndependent Tobacco WarehouseCompany, in South Paris. The warehouses will be open on Monday, December 9, for the reception of tobacco on the sales floors. The sale onWednesday will begin promptly atnine o'clock, a. m., and continue until the lots are disposed of.The Paris Tobacco Warehouse Company, of which Mr. Charles C. Clarkeis President, and Mr. Dan W. Peed,Manager, disposed . of a total of 3,385,545 pounds of tobacco during theseason of 1917-1918, which-broughta total of $1,002,237. This made thehighest average of any tobacco warehouse in the State, a season ayerageor $zy.bi. this house also, scored thehighest floor average for any one day,being $4'4.95, and also a crop lot forthe highest price of any house on any(market in the State, $56.60.The Independent is prepared totake care of any offerings brought tothe house, having one of the bestlighted and most thoroughly equipped floors of any house in the State.Prompt attention will be given allcustomers, and settlements will bemade promptly, leaving everybodyGontented and satisfied. Take yourtobacco to this house, Mr. TobaccoMan, if you desire to realize the bestprices. Under able business management and with the assurance of righttreatment the Independent ought tobe the tobacco man's Mecca this winter. (22-2t)-- - Ea tea imEOTJR POUNDS OE SUGAR ,PERPERSON DEC. 1.RED CROSS TEA ROOMOwing to the generous do-nation byMr. Frank Collier of a fat pig theyoung women of the Red Cross TeaRoom, with Mrs. Fay Ardery asChairman, have decided to have asix-o'clock roast pig and spaghettidinner Sunday evening. The spaghetti will be cooked by Mr. Johns'famous Spanish recipe and seryedwith many other delicious dishes. Theyoung women appreciate greatly thegenerous donations and the continued patronage of the public, and takethis (means of extending their thanksto all. The Tea Room will will discontinue about the first of December, and the girls are extremely anxious to make a good record in thattime. They ask the patronage of thepublic to continue, and hang out the"Welcome" sign.The menu for to-day (Friday) "is asfollows: Baked fish with egg sauce;potato rosettes; fresh beets; cornhread sticks; turkey a la King" ontoast; head lettuce and Russian dressing; cucumber salad; apple dumpling; tea; coffee.For to-morrow (Saturday) themenu will be the following; Croquettes; peas; salsify; beaten biscuit; genuine turtle soup; tomatoaspic; creapn meringue; veal loaf,cream sauce; pineapple aspic; coffee;tea.-K IK fttBACK HOME AGAIN.Mr. John Doty, who for many yearsconducted a photograph studio in therooms over THE BOURBON NEWSoffice, and who moved his establishment to rooms in the ' building onMain street, adjoining the Longofruit stand, has returned to the oldMr. Doty was busy yesterdaymoving in and will be ready for business in a few days.fe te ?aJUST RECEIVED.ReceivedAsh Coal10 or 15 cars best Redat Dodson's yards. Comequick if you want good coal.RAYMOND COAL CO., (Inc.)(22-tf)fe is taDO YOU SHOOT?Dubax Hunting Coats are waterproof and wear-proof. ,J. W. DAVIS & CO.LIEUT.-GOV. BLACK WILL MAKERACE TOR GOVERNOR.Lieuteant Governor James D.Black, while in Frenkfort, Wednesday, told his friends that although hehad made no formal announcementthat he was a candidate for the Dem(ocratic nomination for Governor. Hisannouncement probably' wilf-not begiven to- the public until sometimeafter the first of the year,Governor Black has just recoveredfrom an attack of Spanish influenza,having: contracted the disease on a'speaking tour for the Fourth LibertyLoan.THE THANKSGIVING TURKEYMARKETS ARE OVER:The market 'for buying and shipping turkeys for Thanksgiving isover. The pens of Chas. S. Brent &Bro., atvParis, Millersburg, Flemingsburg and Carlisle have closed untilthe Christmas market opens., Theturkeys were reported as being infine condition for the early markets.Good prices were paid both to thefarmers' wives and turkey pickers."Some sweet day" will co,me atlast.Four pounds of sugar per person amonth is the most recent ruling ofthe United States Food Administration, effective Dec. 1, accordn.gto the announcement made yesterdayby Lawrence D. Mitchell, BourbonCounty Food Administrator.Four pounds of sugar is consideredthe amount used by a person ordinarily. It is unofficially announcedthat there is hope that in. a fewmonths the sugar situation in America may become once again normalas war restrictions are renloved.Since Christmas time is candytime, as no other season of the year,candy manufacturers also have beenallowed 50 per cent, of their regularallotment for the Christmas holidaytrade by the Federal Food Administration. IS TBS feOLD HAMS FOR SALE.Delicous old' country hams at 45cper pound.MRS. JAMES H. THOMPSON.Cumb. Phone 256-W Paris, Ky.(19:2t)CASH AND CARRY GROCERY ISATTRACTING THE BUYERSEvery day the people of Paris andBounrbo-n county are finding out thatit pays to come to my Cash and CanyGrocery and buy their goods. Try itfor one week and see what you save.Look for the Red Front, opposite theCourt House.Cranberries, 15 cents per quart;nice grape fruit, 8 cents each.MRS. G. W. ELLIS,(It) Proprietor.fc3 1E3 1SCHOOLSTO HONOR ENGLANDDECEMBER 7.School children of the State willparticipate in the celebration to bearranged as a special tribute toBritain's achievements in the, greatworld war, December 7 has been setaside for the observance of this eventand Dr. , Charles Eliot, chairman ofAmerica's tribute to Britain, haswritten Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert asking him-to cooperate in laying the matter beforethe students of the State. Superintendent Gilbert will appeal to theteachers to interest the children inthe celebration.la ?aREAL ESTATE DEALS.Harris & Speakes, real estateagents, of Paris, sold eight tracts ofland in Nicholas county, Wednesday,containing 742 acres. The landbrought a total of $114,206.50 orSI 5 3. 80 an acre. This is said to havebeen the biggest land sale ever heldin Nicholas county.- CUT ELOWERS.'Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may bemused. Prompt attention given all orders whether largeor small.. JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.Administratrix' Notice.All claims against the estate ofAmos Turney, Sr., must be proven asrequired by-law, and; presented to) mefor payment,MRS. AMOS TURNEY, SR,.(22-2t) Administratrix.Administrator's NoticeAll claims against the estate -ofClell E. Turney must be proven' as required by law, and presented to mefor payment.AMOS E. TURNEY, ,(2?2't) Administrator.Lost $10 Reward.Firestone automobile tire. 33x4'U.putting-'a, large amount of -money- in jReturn to Bourbon Garage and ''recirculation-"---' ; v ceive,$10!p0 reward'. " " (22-3t.VE- 1 . i i, :t.We Sf 11 Dependable Merchandise for LessThan Any Other House, Bnt f oriCash OnlyN6 SPECIALOF JERSEYDRESSESRegular $32.50 to $35.00 Values824.75:-.- -Beautiful models in all the most fashionable colors.Rare values at the above price while they last.HARRY SIMONMain Street, Paris, Ky.224-228 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.THE DAYLIGHT STOREaiflllflWMJMWMttMusicWithoutYour HomeOurRecords, but theyity, and the pricesPHONOGRAPHS notre artistic andre most reasonableonly play1 all Discthe highest qualYourPhonogForChristmasliowWe deliver when youwish.Hearr RecordsThey-have a message for you.BY THEBEST ARTISTSCome in now. Don't wait till the last minute.We are waiting for you now. You can play all orpart, as you please. , . "THEJ.THINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH-UNDERTAKINGTITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MA1JVSTSiXIIXIX'IIXIXIXIXIXIIIXIiXIXIXIXIXIXIX1XIXIXJi uHI- F- ' -tS'JJ-V-K-S3miffE4linii?IflsiMitItH'JLGE8XUnUBOTOBOH TOPS, EASIS, KEHOTCKTweaTHATCHANGE INWOMAN'S LIFEMay be Passed in Safety- and Comfort.r 'Fremont, 0. "I was passing through-the critical period of life, being forty-six years oi age. anaTHAHESGIVING DIHHERTo Hone Conservation. Workers:.Thanksgiving T)ay, 1918, will bethe greatest in. all history. -This yeari the month, of November, set aside asof old forTejoicing and thanksgiving,m g li t n u fa us memoraoie ior evenis ut victoryirirs. vaoaaen teus now and neace. Its celebration should bemade appropriate by patriotic -menusindicative of thrift and Americanism. A. conservation, program waitson. the American. Thanksgiving din-ner. let no one tninK.inat uie euuof the war will free us from the needof conservation. The call of morehungry persons than ever, comes fromoverseas. vWie can-do a large service in the-had all the symptoms incident to thatsti a n aria Via s 4. fl?Vl-aa narvnnanpu and month of November if we will urgewas in a general run our housewives to prepare a simpleActlt;, LLDlllg XUVXIX pUUUto ivi ,,i.our transportation facilities have notbeen taxed.Turkey? Yes, and chickens, too,instead of beef and pork needed forexport; plenty of gravy to save but-mended to me as the ter for shipjment; oysters in theirbest remedy for my native states; wild rabbit for thosetroubles, which it who are fortunate enougn to naveI feel better and them: Tries with one crust and nlleddown ""condition, soit was hard for meto do my "work.Lydia E. Fmkham'sVegetable Compound was recomsurely proved to be..-stronger in every way since taking it, deep with fruit and vegetables; cranand the annovmcrsvmDtoms have disaD- harries sweetened with honey or sir-peared. " Mrs. M. GODDEN, 925 Na- up- turnips, squash orpoleonbt., Fremont, unio. place of vegetables out of season;Such annoying symptons as heat sugarless confections, native nuts forflashes, nervousnsss, backache, head- dessert.ache, irritability and "the blues," may in short, use local perishable probe speedily overcome and the system ducts to save transportation.Testored to normal conditions by this , The following menu in which muchlamous root .ana nero remeay Jbyaia j. may fce prepared the day before thesssacFRIDAY, 90VEMBSR.42191&,"onfc-GEKJLytS , SJLVED PIU3K DJJ5ASTEE BYSUEBENDER,: -"Describing the situation at thefront the military correspondent ofthe British Wireless Service says:"Marshal Foch had prepared a further great attack east of the Meuse,wnich would have undoubtedly havedealt the enemy a, decisive blow.When the armistice was concluded,therefore, the Germans were facedwith imminent disaster, and the onlycourse open to thenr was to surrender at discretion."The German army appears to bein a state of extreme confusion, butthe five days' respite which has beengranted will enable the Germans toreorganize their-lines of cojmmunication and carry out the withdrawal oftheir troops."It is evident that the allies mustremain prepared for possible hostileaction on the part of certain elements of the enemy's forces. Revolutionary councils have been set up,which may refute to acquiesce in theterms of the armistice, and the merefact that the anmistice can be terminated by either side at 48 hoars'notice necessitates the allies beingfully prepared for all eventualities.'"Whatever happens no organizedonions in ' or effective resistance can, under anycircumstances, be offered Dy the tfer-tman army, but if the troops refuse toacknowledge the authority of theirpresent commanders and the armyshould disintegrate the allied armiesmay still have much work to do."Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If any complications present themselves write the Finkham Medicine Co.,Lynn, Mass., for suggestions how toovercome them. The result of fortyyears experience is at your service and.your letter held in strict confidence.WAR DEPARTMENT DECEIVESMANY HUMOBOTJS LETTERSA friend in the War' Risk Insurance Department in Washingtonsends Luke McLuke a few of the'"questions received by the Departmentand some of the answers received toqueries sent out by the Department.Here -they are:"I ain't got no book lurnin' andam writing for inflamatin.""I , have a four-months-old baby-and he is my only support.""I am his wife and only air.". 'I received your insurance polish.""I have a child seven pnonths old'-jand she is a baby and can't work."Caring to my condition which Ihaven't walked in 3 months from aJjroke leg whose number is 975.""I was discharged from the armytes I have goiter which I was sent3iome on.""Both, sides of our -parents are oldand poor.""Dear Mr. Wilson: I have alreadywritten to Mr. Headquarters a'nd gotmo reply. Now if I don't hear fromyou I will write to Uncle Sam him-rself.""My son is in the middle of theMediterranean Sea.""I have another war baby. Howmuch do I get?""Please return piy marriage certi--ficate.My baby haesent eaten anyfor' two days." '"I am a widow withlour children."dinner is for a family desiring simplicity. Sirups may be used forsweetening the pudding. The saladcourse may be omitted if desired, a"grain in labor and in fat. Use the celery leaves for the platter garnish. Thelast course may be the centerpiece.Choice of Roast turkey, .chicken,game or rabbit; rice and celery dressing; gravy; potatoes (roasted withmeat.)Choice of Creapned onions; squashbaked in the shell; scalloped tomatoes; scalloped corn: lettuce withFrench dressing (may be omitted) ;steamed pudding; popcorn confection; local nuts; red apples.Very sincerely yours,U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION,,Home Conservation Division, MarthaVanRensselaer.PS 1B3 151GBEATLY BENEFITED BY CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I am thankful for the good I havereceived by using Chamberlain's Tablets. About two years ago when Ibegan taking them I was suffering agreat deal from distress after eating,and from headache and a tired, languid feeling due to indigestion anda torpid liver. Chamberlain's Tablets corrected these disorders in ashort time, and since taking two bottles of them my health has beengood," writes Mrs. M. P. Harwood,Auburn, N. Y.(adv-nov)E3 isa paV. " -TO CUT SHORT A COLDTAKE A CALOTABThe New Calomel Tablet That IsEntirely Purified of Nauseatingand Dangerous Qualities.Of all the medicines in the worldthe doctors prize calomel most highlyto break up a cold overnight or tocut short an- attack of influenza orgrippe, sore" throat or a deep-seatedcough and possibly to prevent pneumonia. Now that all of its unpleasant and dangerous qualities havebeen removed, the new kind of calomel called "Calotab" is the doctor'sideal treatment for colds, etc.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of waterthat's all. No salts, no nausea northe slightest interference with youreating, your work or pleasures. Nextmorning your cold has vanished andyour whole system is purified and refreshed. Calotabs is sold only inoriginal sealed packages; price thirty-fivecents. Your druggist recommends and guarantees Calotabs by refunding the price if you are not delighted, (adv)Ei'nBBr Do Your lyUyHf CHRISTMAS 18HpiKH SHOPPING II 1 EARLY IWJL&i w'fl ' And Shop Here ' HWlltMUm ' You'll Like It!lik "gZSaaaaaWS J 0rH H ' BBBBBBBBBall fl s3SSfwui: i minim;. .iiipHiiTiAMERICAN AMBULANCE SAVESFRENCH BALLOON.TO EDUCATE PEOPLE TO HOLDLIBERTY BONDS.Despite the operation of the Treasury Sinking Fund for buying up alimited quantity of Liberty Bondsa wife and j thrown on the market Treasury offiIcials said nothing: can nrevent the"I do not know my husband "has a j price from continuing below par afmiddle name and if he has I don't J ter the war if many holders sell theirRelieve it is 'None.' " bonds. Consequently; a campaign of"I need his assistance to keep me education seeking to have ownersin closed." hold bonds will be started after the"Please send me a wifes form.", J next war loan.. "I have been in bed for 13 years i The Treasury has practically givenwith one doctor and I intend to get I up hope of developing a scheme forAnother." J artificially stablizing the price.During a battle on the French-frontlast August an American, ambulancewas the indirect means of saving aFrench observation balloon, says theDecepiber Popular Machanics Magazine. The balloon was being fired onby a Hun airman when the Red Cross Jambulance passed below. Evidentlythe Red Cross insignia is like the proverbial red rag to 'the bull, for theairman at once left the balloon insafety and swooped after the ambulance, which escaped unharmed, however.We don't Jcnow anything about itsritual, but we should think the Brotherhood of Elks would find some significance in the fact that the lastshell for humanity was fired at 11o'clock.IK8'-Mm(SiWMmK-feOssOEIDs(DsisOsi)332lisOBIiiOHCIEiIO'"NTastes like some fineblend of coffee birbfcontains no caffeine" -The unusual y attractive taste of xm.'5'A 'm(Siip;mm(CEARLYCHRISTMASSHOPPERSHave started their buying bygetting useful presents a niceRocker or other pieces of Furniture that will please the family.Get the Habit of GivingSomething Good.Our stock will help youto decide your Christmas Gift, and will helpyou to make the manyhomes happier.GET A BISSELL SWEEPERIT WILL DO ,A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, MANAGERMain and Third Stsf Opposite Court HouseWMOBmf i !II9mmyrmmFlflflfT(MiSJHlDSuff illl!mi-smwsTfmmv 'Hir as(liJjrrSrSP-fijABOXHEB LIBERTY LOAN CODING.X-m iIS!pmi:lD4om1i--"JSIS3makes many people prefer itto coffee.And you can make each cupstrontf or. mild just as ypuwish by varying the amountof I nstant Postum used perA Trial Is Convincing.There's a Reasqn " ' 'pip5SllBpBaIISSQSSIiffi-mis!1stutm.8wSecretary of the Treasury, McAdoohas announced that, no piatter whatthe result of the pending overturesfor -peace may be, there will be another Liberty Loan. 'To use his. expression, "We are going to have dfinance peace for a while just as wehave had to finance war.".There are over 2,000,000 UnitedStates soldiers abroad. If we transport these men back to the UnitedStates at the rate of 300,000 a month,it win be over half a year beforethey are all returned. Our army,therefore, must be maintained, victualed, and clothed for many months'after peace is an- actuality.The American people, therefore,having supported the Liberty Loanwith a patriotism that future historians will love to extol, will have anopportunity to show the same patriotism financing the just and conclusive victorious peace whenever itcopies.TSTot for a moment, however, is theTreasury acting on any assumptiontnat peace is to come soon. Untilpeace is actually assured the attitudeof the Treasury and the attitude ofthe whole United States Government.is.fon the most vigorous,,prpsecutionof the war, and 'the motto of - forceagainst Germany without stint orlimit will be acted up to, until peaceis an absolute accomplished fact."One more Liberty Loan, t least,aiscertain. l The fourth loan was popularly called the? "Fighting Loan;"the .next loan may be a fighting loan,too, or it may be a peace loan.Whatever the conditions", the loan.jn,ust be prepared for and its successrendered.cestain, and absolute. Be-&ii ivY vu jfcfx eytu:tr to support; It.cHAMBEmunrs cough remedy.Do not imagine that because othercough medicines failed in .fnVo wvrelief that it wiU be the "sapie withoiittiuuenjutt's -uo.ugn Kemedy. Bearin mind that from a small' beginningthis remedy. hasgained a world widereputation and... ini-mAneA mIa amedicine (must have .GTntnttfnii. w miI tr..'4'r Octninn!ifV.n.n.- IXiww ...vu, voiccm Hucic?er ih uecomesknownF," . . -rV-':1 - ' - X'" a.- . (adv-nov) 1Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streett iitrJ&irliyWijifi' vHEU. owtS52w EEi?5S SLfTITTT- -" i a nirSATISFACTIONvl ' niTD WATrmvADn.VU1V TTiTLl VIITT VlVltTxrci, n 4.t ix.iir.7 ezzl vvibiiciii luk ia. lhs li in urove-- r'15S merits in laundry appliances'V' .- .mF". and expert helDers we arei' f.- I 1J x J 1 -" uv X pi-cpaxeu i.o uo worK. mie-mi j"3Tridr to none, and solicityour patronage.The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyA MAN AND HIS WIFElVY;THECumberland Phone. 40may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned, by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with, the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings.us. ''CLEANERHome fbope 1691!lf-:tj-FKIDAYNOVEMBER. 22,1818.-PARIS, 'KEHTUCrTPAGESgfgf' t THEf BOTOBOK - JTEWS,Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheft CollisionProperty DamageLiability'And OtherCasualtiesA. 3- FEEAGENTHaveYour EyesThoroughly examined and testedon the first appearance of any trouble.BEWARE, however:, of .those slipshod, dabbling and afrnaturish systemsof so-called, self-styled opticians andspecialistsDON'T BE SATISFIED with a lotof mysterious words and movementsuse& by them to impress yon and yourparse.WHAT XUU jnhjjjj is a tnorougmycian, supported, by the necessary skill;experience, qualifications and reputation. This I offer you.- Artificiallight used. Examinations made atany time, day ot night.Moderate charges always;Dr. Win. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.vsXesjv Everybody .TaSes pascatetsOnly 10 cents! Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowelsBOOKS 'jPEOBABEE '-. '-It is possible that, nearly a hundred per cfent- change Mn textbdoKsused in the public and high schoolsmay be made by the State TextbookCommission, which wijll be appointedin 'January by Gov. Stanley, although.State Supt. V. O. Gilbert does not believe, it will ie-necessary.While the' commission is empowered, under the act of,. 191 8, to change,only 50 per cent, of the subjects everyfive years, the- present contractorsFeel bully! Cheer ud! Take fin- must submit bids not in excess of.carets to liven your liver and clean present prices, and many of them areia Dowels and stop headaches, - bil- compiauung tha,t asa result pt wariousness, bad breath, coated tongue conditions since their bidsere acsallowness, .sour stomach and gases! cepted inL915, thejr arelosing moaTo-night take Cascarets and enjoy tey- Their contracts run untir 1920'the nicest, gentlest liver and bowel' So far .nox bond4 have een forcleansingyouj ever experienced Wake felted, but there has been .difficultyup feeling grand. Everybody's' do- ingettinfbobksv The contractors saying it. Cascarets best -laxative for they, do nt want to publish , morechildren. They gladly,' take this tnan areVneeded,- and 'havcf limitedpleasant candy cathartic because 4t their, oitpuj; tothe requirements esnever gripes or sickens like other timated from time to tijmeby the disthings. (adv) S tributing agency. When the estimate1 MlkM has been short of the demand it hasOBAffGES APFECT STJ&AB CROPS , ca?!ei-aela3?-U . '.. . 't It the contractors decide that nor-Attributing the large ; orange con.- ma conditions cwilL :not.. be restoredsumption -this season to the increased byA 192.0' y decline bidJdemands made en the crop by the exte!?I2? of confiacts. wWch,M, x .t : 'would throw all the subjects involv-thousands of orange juice stands that ; ed opeil for actJOE bythe commission,have sprung up throughpt the United Even then, if the number thusStates in the last year, the editor of ; thrown open amounts to 50 per cent:the Fruit World says: 'The world-" or over, it" .may be the law will Ijymitwide shortage of sugar, .estimated, at the commission, to these existing conapproximately 2,00 0,0 0(ftons annual- j tracts in other branches. ,ly since the war began, has caused, ,A F7 'new Textbook pomtfco rOCir?nHn nt o,,,. i mission, will be appointed in-Januarythe restriction of sugar consumption b Goy stMlley member fromin the manufacture of many of the each of the Seven Appellate districtspoular summer drinks. This has in- J ani one from the University of Kencreased the consumption of oranges 1 tucky and each, of the two Normalthis year and has created a greater School faculties, with Gov. Stanley,market actively in spite, of the ab-' as ex-officio chairman and Statenormally high prices caused by the Superintendent V. O. Gilbert, excrop shortage following the heat , officio secretary. ''wave one year ago last June.Andso the orange-drink stand's have alleviated the demand on the suear sun-sound, honest, straightforward opti-lpiv w aiso have increased the de-HEAD AND NOSTRILSSTUFFED FROM COLDmands on a shortened orange crop."ILOOKINGYOUNGIt's Easy If You Know Dr.EdwardsVOlive Tablets"Pape's Cold Compound" EndsCold or Grfppe in aFew Hours, 'aDown Goes TheHigh Cost of Living- Your cold will break and all grippemisery end after taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.' It promptly opens clogged-up nos-I trils- and air passages in the head.x , s. . ,""TT . A , , stops nasty" discharge or nose run-Thesecret of keeping young is to feel nin& reiteves sick headache, dullness,young to do sVou must watch you feverishneS3 Bore throat, sneezing,liver and bowels there's rio need of ness and sttffn0aB.having a sallow complexion dark nngs t. c wi t ntlunderjjoiir eyes-pimples a bilious' , nd BmminRl . Base your.throbr10011 m your race- aim eyes wim no bi nead nothing else in the worldSfS ShS! su Prompt relief as "Pape'sLivwlLve? CmeS &" LW. nC'dTuto iTateDr. Edwards, a well-known physician i .S?n t l ol t?Sin Ohio, perfected a vegetable com-without awtancn!:fttaSje8 ?in!t SSpound mixed with olive oil to act on ca!s?,l0 mc0Ilvenience- Accf?JL?the liver and bowels, which he gave to ' substitute. (adv)his patients for years. .Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substMUST BE SEIZED, yf :The rumors that William Hohenzollern, the forjmer German Emperor,may possibly return o Germany assupported by the Berlin Lokal Anzigers hint that he would not be lefused an entry to that country, havecreated a considerable ,stir in England. They are featured by severalof the London morning newspapersas creating an uncertain situationwhich is rendered more doubtful byaccounts of the activity ot, Germanpropagandists in several countries.The fear mainly is that the formerEmperor .would sooner or later become ,tfte center of a reactionarymovement in Germany when the present revolution storpn has blown overand the 'advocates of this view consequently fear his" return to liis formerempire.The Daily Express sees T the possibility of a plot to trick the Allies andcreate a federation far exceeding instrength- and resources the formerGerman empire. In the course of along article this newspaper contendsthat the former Emperor is back ofChancellor Ebert, former ChancellorMaxmillian of Baden and Field .Marshal von Hindenburg, and it lays emphasis upon the fact; that the. Emperor signed no formal abdication andissued no valedictoryjmessage.A number- of leading Allied, diplomats and statesmen, including LordRobert Cecil, Under SecVetary ofState for Foreign Affairs, believe thatsomething is brewing in Germany inthe direction of a plot to trap theAllies, the Express declares. Thefacts appear to indicate, 'it adds; the"existence of a plan' to foment socialrevoliit.in.ns 1n TTnllnnrt nnr? .S-nrttzpr-, ': , , tfiana ana possiDiy in aweaen xnrougn-pro-German agitators. It is also desired, according to these indications,the newspaper declares, to foment social revolution in Allied countries,provide for the eventual return of theformer Emperor of Germany, the restoration of the old regime and theforjtnation of a greatly extended German federation.Such a m federation with WilliamHohenzollern at its head, the Expressargues, would carry-the seed of another world war. It insists that theformer Emperor must be seized andhis activities prevented.The Daily Chronicle in an editorial makes a similar demand.'Ba IS "' ' ABOUT CROUP.IWRKSLEY5Announcement:To help meet the needs of , thegovernment, Wrigley's hasdiscontinued the use of tin foilas a wrapping for IMargolen's Big Specials ofFresh Home-Killed MeatsFor Friday and Saturday.Rr Lis.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets 27cCountry 'Bacon 35cPork Chops 35cPork Roast 35cRound Steak. . 35cLoin Steak 35cSpring Lamb, hind quarters. .35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. .30cPure Pork Sausage . 35cSmoked Hams, 10 to 12 lbs. . .35cSliced Ham 40c-Breakfast Bacon 45cHog Jowls for Greens 25cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Markettute for calomel, are gentle in their actionyet always effective. They bring aboutthat exuberance of spirit, that naturalbuoyancy which should be enjoyed byeveryone, by toning up the liver and clearing the, system of impurities.You will know Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets by their olive color. 10c and 25c petbox. All druggists.iu.'Lvw T LJOHX WHITE k GO.LOUISVILLE, KY:Ubsra! assortmentMd full value fMld-FURSKtatea-andOMt0UM(till-jan24-F)UXSt th GenuineUnd Avoid3 wastefB7imQ& SmBMUsn: m(nov8-4t-)Nothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living than a well illuminated house.4"useSiectria'tyTor CigMiilgIt's the, only satisfactory way.9se SasTor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of 'BothElectricity ind Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)A NARCOTIC.The habit of reading 'for amusement becomes with thousands of people exactly the same kind of habit 'aswine-drinking or dpium-smokingT Itis like a narcotic, something that'helps to pass the time, somethingthat keeps up a perpetual conditionof dreaming, something that eventu-j ally results in destroying all capacityfor- thought, giving exercise only tothe surface parts of the mind, andleaving' the deeper springs of, feelingand the higher faculties of perception unemployed. The result ofall this reading means nothing buta cloudiness in the mind. That is thedirect result. The indirect result isthat thevmind has been kept from developing" itself. All the developmentnecessarily means some pain and suchreading as we speak of has been employed unconsciously as a means toavoid that pain, and the consequenceis atrophy.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than, sl otherdiseases yput together, and for yearsIt wag supposed to be incurable.Doctors prescribed local remedies,and by constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease),greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, maunfactured by P.J Cheney & Cp., Toledo, 4 Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces of the system.One hundred dollars rewardis offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circularsand testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.y All Druggists, 75c.(adv-nov)S ESWhat we want to know is, does theWebb-Kenyon law make it risky for apatriot to import a fruit cake, amince pie or an English plum pudding from Kentucky? The approachof Christmas makes this matter im-Jportant. Houston Post.rDAILY and SUNDAYLEXINGTONLEADERBY MAL....7iJilfcCKTIKa-7 ?! KoiuuPER YEARAll the news dt the war, by Associated Press, the best cartoons arid.comics,latest market reports, Woman Department in fact, everything to make ittruly a JtLome .Newspaper. Kena ior specimen cujj, uj. iwmt uy, ciimoney order to Lexington Leader' Company, Lexington, jKenicky.IiiRIf your children are "subject tocroup, or if yau have reason to feartheir being attacked by that disease,you should procure a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and studythe directions for use, so that in caseof an attack you will know exactlywhat, course to pursue,. This is a favorite and very successful remedy forcroup, and it is. important that youobserve the directions carefully.(adv-nov)M S-GOLDSTINESFirst Shoe Saleof the SeasonAll new stock goes at thissale. Ladies', children'sand misses' jHere is One of OurLeadersIJigh Boots, Jn ' Frenchana military neejs,jn oiacK,tan,' .mahogany- and grey,I sale price-$5,98PER PAIRGOLDSTINESSSgr-RgggggggrgBg-SstrtattijliiBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERY .FruitsFresli Vegetables-rrr "'I !rur 1 h1 l, MEATDEPARTMENT1RoatsLamb, Veal; PorkBraiisW I L Wff t HGroiietvo.Hereafter all three WRIGLEYflavors will be sealed inair-tight, pink-end packages.v ,.So look for J$f3w2smffiWRIGLEYSin the pink sealedwrapper and takeyour choice of flavor. Three kindsto suit all tastes.ni?lutXttWLMttPZX&m rfm 1 n m mmSEALED TIGHT-KEPT RIGHTBe SURE you get WRIGLEYS-The Flavor Lasts!'"fJWPTO THEFARfflEJRSof Bourbon CountyuviWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORSXIf yoxx are interested, in betted andmore ecoxiornical farming, come inand see ;what tliis little wonderis doing forbther.We Can DemonstrateNit to You Any Daf .'t -c. i Bill mmGor. Fourth and Pleasant 3t&.The News Job Departmenlis Always Busy.jl r - j -- &itVV-VpIfWi5tvr-lf4phorvarerTrirszpus&&$"There's a Reason." Work Done MaMI'Jw. ..,i-.nPAGE EIGHTTHE BOTTBBOH STEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKrFRIDAY, NOVWOMt 12, 191S."r- i-i-&"ifi'liffl(1111III14j-'V?(1 11!HMlHK; r-MILLERSBURG ,. .,.Dr. W. G. Dailey Tvas-inCiucjn-SQ&ti on business from Wednesday un-.til to-day..- Mr. J. T. Judy and Mr.-q. W.';Corringtonhave returned from a bus-)ine6S trip b Cincinnati.f Messrs. J. Clarke Leer and E. S.3rton left "Thursday on a two-weeks'Iiuating tfrp nr"Knox county.c Mrs. R. L. Buffington, of Columbus, pJ, arrived Tuesday as the guestof lier sister, tf-rs.. W. M. Miller.: Mrs. K, C. Borner and daughter,3fiss Mary Louise Borner, left Thursday for a few days' visit to relativesit Falmouth.Mrs," Tiictor Shipp, of OklahomaCity,Okla., who is visiting relativesj&t Paris, was the guest of Mrs. W. M.Miller, Tuesday.Mrs. Cox, of Tilton, is recovering'after an attack of Spanish influenzaat the homelof her parents, Mr. andMrs. Henry Patterson., Dr. Comer has suffered a relapse and is again, critically ill.Last week he was much better andwas thought to be on the way to aspeedy recovery.' Messrs. Lee Clarke, of Louisville,and brother, Thomas Clarke, of Oklahoma, were guests of their parents,Mr. aaid Mrs. J. S. Clarke, Sundayand Monday.Mr. Jra Rankin and family havemoved from the home of Mrs. Nancy("Wilson, to the property of Jtfr. Philip JMiner, on Trigg avenue, recently vacated by Mrs. Earl Insko and son.S3 153 Pa-- . I MATRIMONIAL. v.."' " HAMILTON BOAZ." Hatfving the consent " of theirparents, "Edgar Boaz, eighteen, andEthel Hamilton, seventeen, both ofParis, secured license from CountyClerk. Higglns Lewis, in Lexington,(Wednesday. They were, marriedlatef in the day by a Lexington minister -"deaths.V . DEATHS.end came; his parents, Mr.'andMraJames Dunigan, of Beattyville; 'onej sister, Mrs. Erne Horn and fivebrothers, George, Henry, Fred, Dock,and Thomas Dunigan.JBARTLETT.- The funeral of Marie Bartlett,daughter of 'Mr.' 'arid Mrs. James Bartlett, of Paris, was held in the Lexington Cemetery, at 2:30 o'clock Sunday, with services held at the graveby Rev. Benj. Bush, of Lexington.The little gril was a bright child anda favorite with all who knew her,and especially with the members of'lher Sunday school, m Lexington,where the family resided beforemoving to Paris.RYE.The funeral of Mr. John Rye,aged sixty-four, who died at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. Wm.Botts, in Winchester, Sunday, ofpneumonia, was held Monday afternoon with services conducted at thegrave in the Winchester Cemeterv.Mr. Rye was a brother of Mrs." Jas.Rye, of Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Rye attended the funeral and burial.Mr. Rye fs survived by his widow,Mrs. Hannah Meadows Rye, and threechildren, Mrs. Wm. Botts and Mr.Jesse Rye, of Winchester, and Mr.Edgar Rye, of Montgomery county.OSBORNE.News has reached Paris of thedeath in France of Private Kelly B.Osborne, son of Mr. Peter B. Osborne,-of near Austerlitz. Death was dueto pneumonia. . ,Besides his mother he is survivedby six sisters, Mrs. Harry Perkins, ofCalifornia; Mrs. Frank Taylor, MissesAileen Osborne, Jessie Osborne, Margaret Osborne, Mabel Osborne; fourbrothers, Ben, James P., Filmore andBrown Osborne. His young widow,who was formerly Miss GertrudeMurphy also survives.'Private Osborne was called to campon May 20, and sailed for France inJulyl His last letter home was written 'on September 9, and at that timehe was in active service. He was amember of Company B., Second Ambulance Corps.HAMILTON EALES. '-7 Mrs. Nellie Hamilton and Mr.H&ryeF T. Eales were -united in marriage in Frankfort a few days ago.JMr.i. Eales formerly resided in BourJbon, county, and .now holds a positioninihe Greendale Reform School,meajr Lexington. Mr. ' Eales is wellIknawn in Paris and the county. Hisfricads here extend congratulations.1 sa ?a ;RITCHIE.- Mattie K. Ritchie, daughter "ofJohn and Amanda Ritchie, died at thehome of her father, at Shawhan, Monday afternoon. She was born m Ruddles Mills, July 31, 1890. Her (motherdied April 29, 1918. She was a member of the Shawhan Presbyterianchurch with which she united liveyears ago.The funeral and burial took nlaceat Ruddles Mills, Tuesday afternoon.Besides her father, she is survived bytwo brothers, Howard and Roy. andtwo sisters, Ethel and Bessie, all residing at the family home with theirfather.HUNT.Mrs. Emma Epperson Hunt diedl ecently ,at her home in St. Augustine, Fla. The funeral and burialtook place in St. Augustine. Mrs.Hunt, was before her marriage, MissEpperson, of near Clintonville, thiscounty, and was a niece of Mrs. J.Walker Muir, of Paris.Her death followed an illness ofone week. The announcement received here by her relatives andfriends was quite a shock. She is survived by her husband, R. B. Hunt, anofficial of the Florida East Coastrailroad; her mother, Mrs. Mary B.Epperson, of St Augustine, and onesister, Mrs. Edward Morris, of NewSmyrna, Florida.PAYNTER.The body of Miss Dorothy Paynter, aged twenty-one, who died suddenly in Cincinnati, Tuesday, ofheart trouble, was brought to thehome of her brothe. Mr. StrnthArPaynter, in Thornton Division, Wednesday afternoon. Mis Paynter wasa trained nurse, and while in the discharge of her duties waiting on a patient in one of the Cincinnati hospitals was stricken with an attack ofheart trouble, expiring in a few moments. Attendants and physiciansrushed to her aid, but nothing couldbe done.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning, with services conducted' atthe grave in the Paris Cemetery "byMr. A. L. Boatright, of the ParisChristian church.Jtist a pnonth, ago to the day MissPaynter's father died in Lexington,and was buried in Paris. She is survived by her mother, two brothers,Clarence Paynter, of Little Rock, thiscounty, Strother Paynter, of Palis,and five sisters, Mrs. Elmer Foote,Mrs. Annie McCall, Mrs. J. B. Foster, all of Lexington, Miss Ada Paynter and Mrs. Luther Collins, of Cln'rcinnati.ESI P3 1HSCUT FLOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent..'. BIRTHS.To the wife of. Mr. EdwardOrmes, in this city, twins,' a son anddaughter, christened Buford andEula Ormes, weight five pounds each'Mrs. Ormes was formerly Miss Ida"Brwee Dykes, of Millersburg.VENTILATE CABS.Why has not the rule for ventilation of country cars been, enforcedrigidly?Even in this mild weather manyearn, both interurban and city, havebeen, running without a window open.Left to their own designs ninetealhs of the patrons of cars never-would open a window after the firstof October. Their influence againstcompliance with the order, especiallywhen there is a cool breeze, tendsperhaps to make car crews overlookthd'Shutting" of windows which "wereopened at the the beginning of therrai.No'-car' should be permitted to operate without the minimum requiredventilation. If the company cannottlraugh orders keep its cars ventilated, detectives should be put on therS by the Health Service and thexttla. enforced.M 1 IdKjltI of Austria now knows whythe Kaiser would not loan him thedoses, divisions he asked for.TAYLOR.The funeral of Mr. WashingtonD. Taylor, aged seventy-six, who diedJ Wednesday morning at his home on(the Greenwich pike, in this county,was Held yesterday afternoon withservices conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery by Rev. J. J. Rice,pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch.Mr: Taylor, had been engaged infarming for several years. He is survived by his widow and seven children, Mrs. Mary Link, of Newport,Mrs. Ollie Osborne, of Winchester,Mrs. Garland Lovell, of Bourboncounty, Harvey Taylor, of Winchester, Frank Taylor, of Clark county,and Jesse and Wm. K. Taylor, ofBourbon county.DUNIGAN.Another Bourbon county boyhas given his life to his country,though not on the field of battle, yetnone the less heroic.Adivces were received in this cityMonday frofm the army post near SaltLake City, Utah, telling of the deaththere of Private Clennie Dunigan, ofParis, his death having resulted aftera prolonged illness due to Spanish influenza and pleurisy. Private Dunigan was about twenty-seven yearsold, and before his induction in thearmy had been employed in the Louisville & Nashville railroad service inthis city and at other points on theline.He Is survived by his wife, formerly Miss Mattie Pennington, ofParis, who was with him when theIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIHIIIIIIIU IIIIIIIHIIIIHIHI,,i.'1I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Main9t4SiKthStreetsDay phone 36Ntsrht s . . 56or Home 286Meter equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourUnmielnt Invalid .Coach.Hearte used for funeral purposes only.4"-BiaP aarmi i iiiiiiinGEKMAN PROPAGANDISTS BUSYm AMERICA.Government agents see evidencesthat the German propaganda machinery in the United States is being putin working order again to promotesentiment of leniency toward Germany in peace terms. ConsequentlyDepartment Justice officials haVewarned that the public sh6uld rejfmain watchful against resumption of.organized propaganda by interestsformerly actively pro-German and forthe past year passive.Concerted movement is apparent,officials say, in utterances of manyindividuals, a few organizations formerly active for German interestsand some newspapers. There is noorganized leadership, it is believed,but local interests have taken theircue from official pleas from Germanyfor leniency in armistice and finalpeace terms.The interests of the Governmentagents combatting enemy propagandaat this time is not to suppress freeexpression of opinion, it is explained,but to fight any concrete propagandists whose purpose would be to confound the authorized spokesmen ofthe nation in forthcoming peace .negotiations. Officials say during thereconstruction period, there may beconsiderable danger from enemypropaganda working to make the nation forget Germany's course duringthe war. :Illustrating the attitude that thewar and its dangers are not yet over,it is stated that Department of Justice agencies have ordered the internment of some Germans since the armistice was signed.Official reports show German representatives' in various parts of theworld still actively engaged inspreading propaganda to create andenhance feeling of hostility towardthe United States and Allied countries. Eckhardt, the notorious German Ambassador at Mexico Gity,again is reported doing his utmost tomake Mexico hostile to the UnitedStates and is able to have misleadingarticles published in the semi-officialMexican papers. Recently he hadpublished throughout Mexico thatthe German arjmy had not been defeated and that the German navy wasstill fighting the Allied navies.WB 191 TBI -jctrola. mT1 Il"aPJal5ayfcy,"aaagaMawawalaBWhat-else can give you the worlds ' j li RvaMr9 JawB .I best-music and entertainment, with all I ML WmmSS&Kntheir satisfying pleasure? frjjpTa8SCTfiw !What else can be shared by every SwJKKSfm 'member of the family and by all your '$fflffi JmW$&M YtfStomUr ifriends varied to suit their individual ' 'SSsSRSam iffiaBjaltastes? ' ' HHKR,iTvLmWhat else can render so continuous a BMiBStSSBiservice and be so genuinely useful for so -bbSEHHHKj&HRIlong a time? I x9RHHbHbH9M&Mtu v;...u . i i-l. .. iL Mil flBaSaaaSBBBHaKMaKffiSSIint. t iwuuia jo iiuijr kite utiscnisii ijiii hj naawaaaaiBDaaBvjBvarSMwiiirfiiDon't let this Christmas go by with- i MllafiUHBWBWout a Victrola. 'Come and make your Milllljullselection today! We make convenient 1 flTl I llllil IlSil lllllffll IbbHhHpVbIterms of payment. 111 III llllllii I llllilami: ml' lW 1YHBHwarUNCLE SAM TURNS MODISTEGen. Pershing has requested theWar Department to consummate arrangements for -the issue of equipment to nurses and female employesto the United States army in Franceon the same basis that governs thedistribution of clothing to soldiers,says Leslie's. Women connected withthe American Expeditionary Porceswho receive pay less than $75 amonth are to get their clothing free.Those who earn ?75 a month or morewill be classed with army officers 'andpermitted to purchase wearing apparel at cost. The sound judgmentback of this arrangement is obvious.The women who have volunteered forarmy work are important factors inthe success of the war. They, havesacrificed all thought of comfort- drpersonal interests, and are entitled to-all the consideration shown to themen in thetrenches., From this time an the Germanswill not be permitted to have pockets on their front nTrancer-ECONOMYSHOE NEWS!Asain the vast possibilities of this great value-giving.organization are demonstrated.STYLISH AND DEPENDABLEShoes and Rubbers for every member of the family at pricesthat should crowd our store all day tomorrow.The Following are But a Few ItemsOf the Many Extraordinary BagainsOffered For Saturday's ShoppersThe most beautiful and highest qualityLadies' Dark Grey andMahogany Tan Boots inall sizes and widths atAt Bargain Prices !SaturdayMen's Tan High Cut Shoes dJO AQ I$5.00 values at J.fJFUB iL m&-ie?SpecialsLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tops, at. ... LLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, atLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns,custom made, at '.Ladies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low. heel; at. . .'.Ladies' Gun Metal, button,low heel, at.,$5.00$3.95$5.95$3.49$2.49Men's Cloth Arctics .M JA$2.25 values at :lUfMen's Dark Tan English Walk- c AAOver at '. pOUUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, a CAMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, o ACSEnglish .. yoAVMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- mA f(ing Shoes, heavy flexible soles $nrUUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes jjo aqDAN COHENPars9 Greatest Shoe StoreWhere1 Beauty arid Economjf ReigaS"S". i -. p 4 '