-Tf7& ' vnt"UVtIt.V-''vTHE9eNEWSv," TA ".PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.fc 3VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER S, 1918BOURBON3QTJ&B0N COUNTY TO GET"BOAT" AND SILVER SERVICEAs a reward for oversubscribingits quota in the recent Fourth Liberty Loan campaign, and promptnessin reporting the same to headquartersat Cleveland, O., Bourbon county willbare the privilege of having one ofUncle Sam's boats named for it. TheCentral Liberty Loan Bulletin, published in Cleveland, says in a recentissue:"What if McCreary did lead everyother county in the Kentucky areain going over its quota. and winningthe right to napne a boatl"Paris, Ky., women are goingright ahead making up a fund tobjv a silver service for the table ofthe boat which Bourbon county is toname. The women just know Bourben is going to win the right to nameone of the boats by being one of thefojr counties with the largest percentage of oversubscription in thedistrict.Buy Liberty BondsPOULTRY DEALERS WARNED NOTHANDLE IMMATURE FOWLSThe marketing of turkey broilersis considered a wasteful practice,aad steps are being taken by theUnited States Food Administrationto put a stop to the practice. CountyFood Administrator Lawrence Mitchell, of North Middletown, is in receipt of the following letter fromAllen R. Carter, Chairman of thePoaltry and Egg Division of theFood Administration for Kentucky,in regard to the matter:"The, practice of slaughtering socalled broiler turkeys is consideredwasteful. Hotels, clubs, and restaurants where broiler turkeys are mostlyconsumed, should refuse to servethepn. The marketing of immatureturkeys should be frowned on. untilNovember 1, so as to allow thesebirds to mature, thereby increasingour food supplies."Country dealers and shippers willnot purchase of farmers immatureturkeys and dealers in the marketwill refuse to handle young hen turkeys weighing less than seven poundsand young Tom turkeys weighing lessthan nine pounds, live weight."Buy Liberty BondsCAUGHT IN POLICE NET.Brack Howard, colored, wanted asa fugitive from justice, was arrestedin Claysville by Chief of Police Linkand Patrolman Robt Lusk. Howardwas wanted at Ewing, where he hadmade his escape, under a charge ofbringing whiskey into- local - optioeiterritory. .Morris Hutsell and Ed. Love, colored, both, of Paris, went to the Ewing Fair, in Howard's auto, in whichthe vigilant officers discovered a largequantity of whisky, evidently forbootlegging purposes. Hutsell andLove were arrested by th.e officers,but Howard made his escape. Hutsell and Love were given a jail sentence of ten days and $100 fine.Howard was returned to Ewing fortrial.Edward Clarke, an alleged armydeserter, who was arrested on a farmnear Paris by Chief of Police Linkand Patrolman Lusk, was taken to Ft.Thopias by Patrolman Lusk. Clarkewill be tried by a court-martial at thearmy post.Buy Liberty BondsTO HOLD RUMMAGE SALE.The Ladies' Bible Class of the ParisMethodist church are planning for a"Rummage Sale," to be held in thevacant store room in Ihe Robneelbuilding, at the corner of Main andEighth streets, on Friday, Oct. 11.Anyone having old clothing, shoesor rubber, which they have castaside, will confer a favor if they wilLsend it to the ladies, who will grate-Jfully receive it. They also state thatfliey will have some splendid, bargains for anyone wishing to investin second-hand goods.Buy Liberty BondsSTOVES, STOVES.You had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Buy Liberty Bonds -QUESTIONNAIRES RETURNED.All the questionnaires sent out bythe Bourbon County Draft Board tothe men in the city and county coming within the provisions of theeighteen-to-forty-five draft call, havebeen returned to the Board, with, fiveexceptions. These five have not beenreceived. Chairman C. A. McMillanstates that these five men may call atthe office of the Board and get theirquestionnaires, fill them out and return them at once. These five havebeen returned to the Board from thelacal postoffice as not found. Theaames of the five men are as follows;Charles Benton Hamilton, 2$ Kentucky avenueParis, Ky.; Willie Mason Borne, Route 8, Paris, Ky.; CecilRay Shapp, JRoute 1, Carlisle, Ky.;Noah Alexander, colored) Route 7,Paris, Ky.; Bradley Ne"Wson, county,address not given.Buy Liberty BondsSERIAL D-R.AT3T NUMBERS ABEEXPECTED SOON.Word has been received by thelocal Draft Board at Paris from Maj.Henry Rhodes, of Frankfort, statingthat the list of serial nupibersdrawn to govern the standing of allmen registered under the Selective,Service Act on Sept. 12, have bfeen'mailed from Washirigton andTnay'beor 'tormo(r-expected to arrive to-aaytow. 'OCTOBER COURT DAY.October court days in Paris yesterday was a largely attended one, butthe volume . of business being donein the stock market lines 'did notseem to keep pace with the size of thecrowd. The trading was rather lieht.and there was little stock on the market, what there was finding sales atfairly good prices. The usual sideattractions were on hand, but our oldfriends, the Salvation Army people,failed to put in their appearance.The big crowd surged from place toplace, or gathered in knots to discuss farming conditions, the LibertyLoan or the news from the war centers and the fake peace program putup by Kaiser Bill and his dupes.Merchants reported a fairly goodbuisness in their lines and collectionsvery good. The approach of coolerweather put the shoppers in the notion of laying in their winter stocks,and as a result, several lines of business in particular enjoyed a good runof trade.Tobacco men were full of enthusiasm over prospects for their crops.There was a general spirit of optiimism running through the conversation of the farmers, who were makingtheir preparations for a prosperousseason.Buy Liberty Bonds V-THE RED CROSS TEA ROOM.Yesterday was a busy day at theRed Cross Tea Rooms. In fact it wasa most unusual day, being Courtday. The rooms were taxed to theirutjmost to accommodate the patronage that came. A special court daydinner was served and everyone didfull justice to it.The ladies are still anxious to remind the general public that whilethey have discontinue the practiceof personally soliciting contributionsof supplies for the rooms, they willbe glad to have edibles, vegetables,butter, milk, etc., sent for theirlarder.The menu for the Red Cross TeaRoom for to-day is as follows:Special Croquettes and pies;sweet potatoes, corn pudding, cheeseballs, 50c; beaten biscuit, 5c; fruitsalad, 15c; ice cream, chocolatesauce, 10c; apple pudding, 10c.v :- Buy Liberty Bonds'"' OLD SCHEDULE RESTORED.- About two weeks ago the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Company officials notified their Paris agent, Mr. S.E. Borland, to discontinue the roundI trips of the, city car between the terminal at the court 'house, and therBethlehem-pike, on the halt-hourschedule, and instead to adopt aschedule of .one round trip every hourand a half.The protests of ,the citizens usingthe line became so vigorous that itreached the ears of Mayor E. B. January. The matter, as stated in another issue of THE NEWS, was takenup at a conference between MayorJanuary and Mr. S. H. Dailey, of Lexington, General Manager of theTraction lines. The result was thatan order was issued restoring theschedule to the'' half-hour trip as before! The restoration of the oldschedule is a great convenience topeople living on South Main streetand in the immediate vicinity of thecity lignits.- Buy Liberty BondsGOLDFISH FOB SALE.Goldfish for sale, atOBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE.Buy Liberty BondsSEE FELL'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Missesand children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)- Buy Liberty BondsFARMING CONDITIONS IN BOURBON. Farmers of this county report satisfactory progress in their fall work,with conditions favoring large production. Grass for fall and wintergrazing never looked better and livestock is thriving in a manner that issaving the farmers thousands of dollars over what they would spend ifconditions had been reversed.The second crop of Irish, potatoesis said to be an extra fine one, andmore profitable then the early summer crop. The apple crop is said tobe practically a failure. .Fall anawinter varieties of cabbage are maturing into what gives promise of being a fine crop, and this valuable vegetable will be-plentiful. Pumpkinsand kershaws are making their appearance on the market in large numbers and large sizes, too, and arecommanding , good prices. The tobacco crop is-'not yet all housed, considerable of the weed being uncut,while other large portions are on thestick ready for housing..Buy Liierty BowdsBIG WALNUT CROP..Farmers report the crop of walnuts in .this county as being unusu-Lally large this fall. .The school boyshave been devoting -tneir aiuruyvacations to gathering "and hullingthe nutff preparatory 'to drying themfor winter use.This is especially commendable atthistipie, -in view of the, fact thatthe shells of walnuts are needed inthe manufacture of gas masks, toprotect our boys from the gas shellsr"o TTims. Bovs you. can servevourhcoutry in this way,anjiSt thejs'arne , time, have walnut ymeats for.PARIS HEALTH BOARD ADOPTSPREVENTIVE STEPS AGAINST "FLU."Orders Issued ClosingChurches, Etc.The State Board. of Health yesterday-issued an official order, signedby Dr. John GK South, president, ordering the closing, of all movinging picture houses, etc., in view ofthe threatening prospect of an influenza epidemic."The order of the State Board ofHealth," closing all school churches,theatres and other places of publicassembly throughout Kentucky -isabsolutely mandatory."This was the statement of Dr. JohnG. South, of iTankfort, president ofthe State Board of Health, yesterdayafternoon, when called over the lonedistance telephone and. asked in regard to the order.Dr. South further stated that theorder took effect immediately uponits issuance, and that many of thecities and towns of the State, including Louisville, the chief city, andErankfort, the Capital, have alreadycomplied with the provisions of theproclamation.Manager Herman Rons, of Cynthiana, yesterday telephoned ManagerClarence Sprake, asking if he hadreceived orders to close the. ParisIMPORTANTMEETINGMEN.OF OILTwo important meetings of oilmen, including several representatives from Paris, will be held :in .the (itrown-Proctoria Hotel at Winchester, next Saturday. The first meeting will be held at 2:30 p. in., whenthe Executive Committee of the Association will consider important .matters relating to the business. .' At8:30 p. m. a meeting of representatives -of all branches of the oil business will-be held, when the matterof the army draft as it affects men. inthe employ of the oil producers, willbe one of the principal matters tocome up for consideration and discussion! -This information was tPlftnhnned THE NEWS yesterday front4-4fette.8ulng'ington by Secretary Bell, of the Otf S&recent jmeelueu s .n-ssuciauon.Buy Liberty BondsCOAL HEATEBS HJEL SAVERS.NOW'S THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.WE KNOW HOWYOUR SUITFOR FALLIS READYClothes, like everything else, will cost you moremoney than you have been paying in the past. Buy thebest clothes you can afford to-day. It is the course oftrue economy and service to the nation.Stein-Bloch and Michael-SternsSuits and Overcoatsare tailored and made from pure all-wool cloth, and whenyou select a Suit or Overcoat from our store you economize as well .as protect yourself in buying good, dependable merchandise from a reliable store.We Are Showing a Beautiful Selection of Patterns and Colorsin Men's, .and Young Men's Clothes fancy greens,browns,. greys, tans, fancy plaids, stripes and herring-"bone weaves,Make Your SelectionsiaIIIMITCHELL &Stetion HaU, . Manhattan ShirtsNettleton and Dr. RedYCuthion ShW.Sfoj .,,1Movie Houses, Schools,1houses, stating that his house hadbeen closed until further notice.At a called .meeting of the CityBoard of Health, held yesterday afternoon, Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty wasselected as City Health Officer protern in the absence of Dr. A. H.Keller. The Board as at presentconstituted, is made up of Dr. C. G.Daugherty, Jo Varden and Dr. J. M.Williams. The Board immediatelytook action on the State HealthBoard's official order and issued ordfers to 'all the institutions affectedby the State Board's order to observethe. closing at once. .In compliancewith this the Great Lakes Naval Bandconcert was given in front of thecourt house last night, instead of theGrand Opera House, as originally des-1lfcnated.A special meeting of the City Council was held last night, when officialaction was taken in connection withthe Health Board. An ordinance waspassed and an official order issued!requiring the closing of all places embraced under the Drovisions of theI State Board's order.AUTO ACCIDENT.1 While returning from Paris, Saturday, an auto in which Mr. DennisFrederickson and his , family wereriding, was struck by a big motortruck on the Georgetown pike, nearCenterville. The machine was overturned and the occupants, Mr. andllrs. Frederick and children, wereirown out. The machine wasightly damaged, the occupants esLTine with, a few slight bruises.'assers-by righted the. machine, andtfcok the Frederickson family to theirhbjtne near Centerville.r Buy Liberty Bqnds"SOCIETY ELECTS OFFICERSThe Yf olio wing officers, to serveyear,.wereelectea atimeetine of the Womans"Missionary Society of the Paris Baptist church: President Mrs. Walter Clark; first vice-president Mrs.R. F. Collier; second vice-presidentMrs. D. S. Henry; secretary Mrs.Ossian Edwards; treasurer Mrs. W.W. Hinton.In order that the ladies may workat the Red Cross rooms on Tuesdays,the regular weekly meetings of theSociety will be changed to Mondays.IXEarly.' liBLAKEMOREI" " SSSk" ItJjL:2Zof Paris,a member of the American Expeditionary Force, has arrived safelyoverseas,, according: to a card receivedby his father,. Mr. W. J. Hutchens, ofnear Paris.Mr. S. R. Hudnell, of Co. B., atCamp Buell, has been commissionedas instructor of the Mechanic Department. His brother, Mr. WilliamHudnall, of 326 F. A., Camp ZacharyTaylor, has been transferred to CampKnox, West Point, Ky.- Corp. Charles Dickerson camehome Sunday on a seven-days' furlough, to visit his parents, Mr. andMrs. R. B. Dickerson. CorporalDickerson is stationed at the Aberdeen. Proving: Grounds, in Maryland,in the Engineer Corps of the construction department.Advices from Camp Merritt, inNfiw Jprsfiv. tn rftln.fi vp in fhicounty, Saturday, were to the effectthat Private S. O. Buchanan, a mean-her of the' Kentucky contingentthere, was confined to the hospitalwith an attack of influenza.Nimrod Crump came in Saturdayfrom the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation, for a short furlough visit torelatives near Little Rock. RobertEvans came in fropn Camp ZacharyTaylor, Saturday for a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Evans, atCenterville.Miss Alma Duke Jones, of Millersburg, who went to Washington, D.C; some time ago to engage in warwork, is ill in one of the Washingtonhospitals suffering from an attack ofSpanish influenza, according to advices received by her relatives InMillersburg.A long distance telephone messagewas received in Paris yesterday byMr. Max Metzger, frogn the-hospitalauthorities at Ft. Benjantfn-HarrBonslating that his son, Mr. lorajiMetzger, was seriously ill there.Metzger is a jnember of the EngineerCorpe stationed at Ft. Benj. Harrison.Edward Woods, formerly a member of the Paris fire department, andlater mail jcarrier fropi the Parispostomce,- came in Saturday fromCamp Shelby, at Hattlesburg, Miss.,where he has been stationed. Mr.Woods will be here for seven days.He is now Company Clerk in his command at Camp Shelby; and is greatlypleased with the service.The urgent call for nurses to assist in handling the influenza cases atCamp Taylor found one Paris womanready and willing to give her timeand attention to the work. Mrs.Swiney Ray, who accompanied Mrs.Candace Smith to Camp Taylor tohelp nurse young Chas. Adair, volunteered her services as a nurse andwas gladly and gratefully accepted.Mrs. Ray seeing the lack of nursesand an opportunity to do good, remained at the camp.'Pneumonia and Spanish influenzain the army cajmps are claiming theirshare of -victims in the ranks of Bourbon county boys. Quite a numberhave been reported from Camp Zachary Taylor as being prostrated, withone or the other of these diseases.Visitors at Camp Taylor say that thecloud of dust that hangs in" the airall the time is largely responsible forthe bronchial troubles that have appeared among the boys. "A telegram was received here Saturday by relatives from Mr. GeorgeGlenn, formerly with the A. J. Winters Co., stating that he was in theBase Hospital at Camp Meade, Md.,suffering from an attack of Spanishinfluenza. The telegram furtherstated that over six hundred men inhis regiment had the same disease.The Cardinal at Baltimore has ordered out all Catholic Sisters and nursesto help attend the sick at CampMeade.Dr. A. H. Keller, City Health Officer, and one of the best-known andmost popular of the medical fraternity in Paris, left yesterday morningfor Nitro, West Va.,in response to atelegram from the War Department,at Washington, ordering him to-report there for duty. Dr. Keller tipplied some time ago for a place in, theMedical Corps, and had been expecting the call. Nitrais a;.new';muni-. , 1 .1-J TTTr4Lipn mauiuaciunug 'Iuwm m vveoi.Virginia,- where several thousandmen are' employed. With Dr.'1 Kellernow1 in the service, " his family hasfurnishedone son,'- -Se'rgt. '-NeWsumKeller, who is in vthe;TJ. 'S: SignalCorps, another son, Mr. Clyde Xeller,wfio is purchasing walnut timber forthe Government; and '-another' son,Mr. Alex Keller, who is awaiting"' service in' the next " draftcalliAnother . "son, - Mr. George'- Keller, is in the railway; service in" Texas-.. buy Liberty Bonds -:-BQUEBON COUNTY VIH: NIGH0LASCOUNTY DRIVE.' " l';-aBourbon' county ofatoTsI wi f fta& aprpminent 'part Tn the! Liberty; Loahcampaign in' Nicholas ' cbtih'fy thi:s'week. "Mr.' E. SL Dickson '-is1 schr'edued'for an address afHeadaVia-rtersto-morrow, while City Attorney Ben isDunoon win spettK at 'MyrsonThursday in the Interest of Jhe cawi-9"CIVILIAN EELEF WOEK IN nflXIT-vENZA EPIDEMIC.Owing to the increased obligationsupon the Red Cross in the presentepidemic of influenza, Lake Division,Red Cross headquarters is using everyfacility at its command, not only toassist the medical corps at militarycamps and training schools, whereassistance is being requested, hut isalso taking steps to prevent thespread or Ulq epidemic to tbi -civilianpopulation.The division Department of Military Relief has already furnishedemergency supplies of cots, blankets,medicines and influenza masks to th'epricipal arpmy camps in the Lake Division. States of Ohio, Indiana, andKentucky, and is preparing for potsible requests from smaller camps andcollege training schools by gettingadditional emergency supplies linedup. This department, through itsrepresentatives- at the camp, is keeping in constant touch with the wholesituation. ,The division Department of Nursing is still assigning nurses to meetthej, emergency at Camps Shermanand Taylor and Fort Benjamin Harrison. More than 125 have been assingned in the past week. OxfordUniversity at Miapni, O., was the firstcollege military training school toreport to division headquarters fornurses.The nursing department is communicating with its chapter nursingcommittees, asking them to mobilizeat once all their nursing resources.Nurses are being urged to report tothese local committees and not toleave the division territory unless so -orderedby the division nursing department. Volunteer nurses for thisservice are desired, but salariesand expenses will be paid where necessary to graduate nurses and $30 to-.50 a month to undergraduates anCnurses aids.The (most important new step takenat division headquarters was that ofthe Department of Civilian Reliefwhen it ordered all of its 360 chapter .Home Service Sections to organize atonce to prevent the spread of the disease among the civilian populationand to prepare for the handling ofthe' epidenic if it is not preventedfrom spreading to their respective .communities. This department urgesassistance to families affected, pub- vllicity of preventive measures, co-operationwith public health authorities, survey of iospital facilities andbuildings that might be available forhospital use if the hospitals becomeovercrowded. .JU1 hese Home -Service- seettatorare being requested to wire the di-.vision Deparijment of Civilian Reliefin case a general epidemic of influenza appears in their territory.Buy Liberty Bonds -FOR SALE. rOhio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO. -'(30aug-tf) 'J1-K Buy Liberty BonoTREAL ESTATE DEALS.Harris & Speakes, the real estate-., -dealer,sold on the premises on the.-Young's Mill pike, nine miles from,Paris, two farms belonging to Mr. vJos. Bodkins, which brought a totalof $35,320. One tract of one hundred acres was purchased by JessesLetton for $160 per acre. The other .jcontaining 130 "acres, was sold to A.S. Kimbrough, of near Carlisle.J. A. Shuttleworth, of Shelbycounty, sold to Dr. F. L. Lapslty,"formerly of Paris, his 325-acre fap(located on the Harrington Mill 9&(and the L. & N. railroad, in ShJljrcounty," for ?60,000. Dr. Lapsleycently sold his farm near Shelbyvflieat a nice profit.Mr. "Jesse Letton, who recently,purchased the one-hundred acre tractat the Botkin sale, near Paris, hasclosed a deal whereby he becomes,owner of his mother's old home place,consisting of about one hundred acresof fine improved land, located on theJackstown pike. Mr. Letton will re-,turn to DeLeon Springs, Pla., and ".settle up his business interests there,,after which he will return to Bourbon county and engage in farming.Auctioneer M. P. Kenney rentedfor Mrs. Frank M. Clay, in front ofthe court house door yesterday morning her farm on -the Peacock pike,'four miles frqm Paris, containing 300acres, to Mr. W. J. Calvert, for $20.75an acre. PAt the s'ametime and place Auc-'tioneer Kenney rented for Judge H.Clay Howard, agent for Miss LetitiaClay and committee for George Clay,their farm on the Winchester pike,"five miles from Paris, containing 259"acres, to Mr, Garrett Williaihs, for$16.25 "per acre. "vNEW BUSINESS CONNECTIOir."Mr,. C. .El'Vanhook, of Cynthianaone of the best-known and most.&ucr'.cessful auctioneers in Central .Ken- .tucky," hajsiOrnied' a business conned- ,tionl with th'e real estate firm of Hmr-Vris & Speakes in this city. In tfie 'future M r. Vanhook will conduct all ,Dublic -sales' made bv the firm.1 CoIjlv-Geo. D. Speakes will work alongotixer lines 01 me urcn.-J rli -." ' SCUdoi; BOARD SELECTCOK " L.1 ' ' I ' ., 'At a rejepnt SjSesion of the City ,Boeuid, of 'EilucatioK Wm Eowlia. ,foimerlv connected, with .the.Hoaia?"I Telephone 'Cj'oJn this eity wa ajg ,School building, to succeed W. 0.rVyPuller, resigned.S!)V.I(THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.MM TWOTUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 118.Br(THE BOURBON NEWSEgtaUished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationMHiihed Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.rfBered at the Paris, Kentucky,Featoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)" Jjij erroneous reflection upon the'ttwrfccter, standing or reputation oflay person, firm or corporation whichmay' appear in the columns of THEWMJRBON NEWS will be gladly cor' Mtod if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATES' Display Advertisements, $1.00 pertack for -first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line' tacfc issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.' ' Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special, rates for large advertiseBMta and yearly contracts.Tk& Tight of publisher Is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherwtter for publication.-Announcements for political officesmet invariably be accompanied, hytba cash.. This paper has enlistedththe government in thecause or fmenca ior meperiod of the war.EDITORIAL MUSINGS..How The Express Business is Con'' " ducted.y 'Onof the problems which DirectorGeneral McAdoo acquired withthralfroad was "What to do withthe -express business?" The expresscompanies were doing their businessrftdet contracts with the railroadswhichi'it soon appeared could not becarried out under the general operatiottcqntemplated, in unifying therailroads.After considerable negotiation, theplan' has been adopted of organizing& new 'company, officered by the mostprogressive express men, which"bought the property of all the old express companies, assumed theirlevees' and took up the handling ofall the express business of he entirecountry where the old companiesdropped it on July 1, 1918. The contract with the Director General under which the new American RailwayExpress Company operates is unique;the Government, taking the place ofthe' raifroads, is to be paid 50.25of1 the 'gross earnings of the ExpressCompany from transportation of express Matter and in addition is toparticipate in all net earnings in excess of -a five per cent, return on actual 'capital invested by the ExpressCompany. The Government's shareis graduated, being one-half of theArst,two per cent, in excess of fivep$&Ment; two-thirds of the next threepercent, and three-fourths of anyftfcer excess.Vl7fcB;fexperiment here tried is wellw4rtir watching. If the iew ExpressCompany, allowing it a proper timelis organize its service, makes good,it may prove the solution of muchlargef problems than the express.TJpon its face it seems sound, combining as it does the benefits of private management, ownership and initiative with Government supervision,regulation and participation in anyexcess earnings. The first importantdevelopment since its beginning indicates both decision and courage, themanagement having received a tenper cent, advance rate, promptly expended the entire amount of the increase in raising the wages of employes receiving less than $2,000 perannum.t; "Man Wanted."Man power, we are told, is winningthe war for the Allies. The newdrift fclaw will naturally make a bighole' in the -available number of menin the United States. The "ManWanted" advertisements in the daily:aewBpapers tell many interesting. stories; Statistics available in Washington are, however, more specific.From these it appears that the wariuliifitries of the United States are atthe-tfnoment short between 300,000adW400,000 common laborers. Theafcfctage in skilled labor is almost asaetflcV and the war plants of Connecticut 'and Maryland alone are underM&u$d'by 35,000 skilled workmen.One or the largest munition plants,turning- out heavy caliber guns, isshort J2,000piachfnlsts. The employmeat service of the Labor Departmentis trying to solve some of the probleas' occasioned by the above conditio? ;aad one of the methods for9Mtag xwre labor Is to declare certaiyocatk as non-essential. Un-"ViemWedly if ;all the- "hon-esseittials"ggy i jiBS T rcould be jut into productive class.itwould &o lqn way towards solving labor troubles; but in such anevent a whole lot of gentlemen withsoft hands and polishecl finger nailswould get mussed up considerableSpecial attention is being given bythe new employment service conducted by the Government to citiesof over 20,000 population, althoughthe rural districts will be covered asexhaustively as possible.Merchant Shipping After the War.Edward N. Hurley, Chairman ofthe United States Shipping Board saysthat there will be something like 25,000,000 tons of merchant shippingto be employed within the next twoyears, and the Shipping Board is already looking around for cargoes,both in this country and abroad. Inorder to enlighten the vague understanding of people who do not makemeasurements in ship tonnage, Mr.Hurley has very kindly explainedthat 25,000,000 tons of merchantshipping would represent in a singlevoyage all the livestock, dressedmeats, packing house products,poultry, game, fish, wool, hides andleather carried on our railroads inoue year. In less than five trips hisships would carry our whole yearlyrailroad haul of grain, flour, cotton,hay, fruit, vegetables and other farmproducts; and in three and one-halftrips, all our lumber; in seven tripsall our manufactured goods; sixteentrips, all our coal and coke.Industrial AwakeningAccording to Secretary of Comrmerce Redfield, 30,000 factories inthe United States have been turnedover to war work. A great manythings that it was once deemed impossible to secure outside of Germanyare now in wholesale production inthe United States. Among these commodities are dyes, and our own factories have made such progress thatGermany will never again be recognized in the industry. All our opticalglass was imported from Germanybefore the war. Now there are twoplants in the United States, and weare forever free of dependence fromGermany for our lenses and otherfine glass.American Troops Great to Laugh.John Kendrick Bangs, Americanhumorist, has just returned from atrip to Prance where he lectured,(many times within range of the German guns, under the official "Daddyof one American division, and camehome full of renewed enthusiasm forthe A. E. F."They're all bucked up and as longas they are that way they will beirresistible," was Mr. Bangs' verdict."The easiest place in the world toarouse a hearty laugh is among theAmerican troops overseas."Prisoners Make Appeal.American prisoners in Germancamps "want things that will somewhat Americanize our position," according to a letter from an Americanprisoner, received by Lieut. A.Strauss, Y. M. C. A. secretary inGermany for prisoners of war. Lieut.Strauss asks for base ball paraphernalia, tennis racks and balls, razorsand straps, books on zoology, botany,geology and medical books also areincluded in request.)m"MAKING THE WORLD SAEE."One of the interesting men of thewar is Samuel Gompers, who has alway been a fighter, but who has developed into a sort of generalising oflabor during these last four years.Gompers is 100 per cent. American,but as a leader his pathway has notalways been a smooth one, and it willbe remembered that President Wilson made a trip to Buffalo last yearto address the American Federationof .Labor, 'and incidentally to put hisemphatic approval upon Mr. Gompersat a time when it looked as thoughthe opposition to him might triumph.Gompers thinks there Is a greatertug-o'-war between employers andemployes in war times than in theante-billum days of peace. Gompers' creed is that the laborers shouldhave a little the best of the argument at every stage of the proceedings. No one person has done so muchto bring about the recognition oflabor unions by the Government asGcjmpers. In the arrangements nowbeing carried on from Washington,organized labor is supreme in theaffairs of industry. Gompers thinksthis is just as it should be, and withthe prestige that he has attained,and the satisfaction that he feelsover domestic conditions, the doughtyold warrior has packed his satcheland started off for Europe, takingwith him some of the strongestlunged trumpeters in the unionizedlabor world. Mr. Gompers is doinghis part to make the world safe forDemocracy, and for labor unions aswell.AN IDEAL CANDIDATEThe Democratic leaders of all factions have united to elect a successor to Senator James, who is able andexperienced enough to take up hiswork of aiding the President in hisefforts for speedy winning of the war.They recognize the great importanceof his election and know that theirnominee is peculiarly fitted to do so.They w.111, therefore, leave no stoneunturned to send him to Washington by the largest (majority in years.It would be a calamity to have a Republican succeed Senator James, especially since Republicans have nevershown fitness for the exalted position.Stanley is an ideal candidate and willmake an ideal Senator. ,..Js tStrengthenTHE KIND OF PEACE OUB. SOLDIERS WANT.The Stars and Stripes, the officialnewspaper published by the soldiersof the American ExpeditionaryForces in France, says editoriallyabout the enemy. peace offensive:"Let the weak hearted who aredreaming of a compromise; let thepacifists who are talking a peace byagreement; let the sideliners whohave had enough of war; let thesecretly inclined pro-Germans whothink this war should end without adecision let them one and all knowonce and for all that the AmericanExpeditionary Force there is no suchword as 'peace' with the Huns unbeaten. The man who talks peaceto-day, except through victory, is atraitor."The enemy peace offensive is likened to the action- of German machine-guncrews in the Vesle fightingwhen they fought and killed Americans until they were surrounded,then shouted "Kamerad." .The mothers of the American soldiers in France want the same peacetheir sons demand. - All the- courageof the ancient Spartan mother is inthe hearts of the women of America.The object of the Fourth LibertyLoan is to bring that peace a juwpeace, a righteous peace, an American peace.PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES ININFLUENZA EPIDEMIC.The following precautionary rulesfor the avoidance and lessening ofthe intensity of the epidemic of influenza, have been prepared by Dr.Wm. F. Lincoln, advisor of the LakeDivision Ajmerican Red Cross, for distribution throughout the entire LakeDivision territory, consisting of theStates of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. HERE ARE THE RULES:1. All colds, however slight,should be treated as possible attacksof influenza. Patients affected bycolds should stay at home and sterilize discharge from the nose andthroat.2. Avoid feeling or spreading ofthe disease.3. Avoid crowds.-4. Regulate bodily functions andkeep them so.5. Avoid the breath or expelledsecretions from people suffering fromcolds.6. Wash out the nose and throattwo or three times daily by a nasalspray or douche and by gargle with a"normal salt solution" ( teaspoonful salt to one glass (8 ounces) cleanwater.)7. All those in attendance on patients with influenza should wearmasks.8. Clothing should be warm anddry. Food simple and easily digested.Drink water freely.GIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRHair Stops Falling Out and GetsThick, Wavy, Strong andBeautifulVonr hnir hw.nmpc. Up wavrfluffy, abundant and appears as soft, !&v yHi'K JBbsmm !l Ov v-SiKvlustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse." Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afewxmojments you have doubled thebeauty of your hair.Besides beautifying the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; cleanses, purifiesand invigorates the scalp, foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you most willbe after a few weeks' use when youwill actually see new hair r-flne anddowny at first yes but really newhair growing all ovec the scalp. Ifyou care for pretty, soft -hair and lotsof it, surely get a small bottle ofKnowlton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fewcents. (adv)m l 1There's a lot of fun in spendingmoney, but after air the surest wayto be happy is always to have moneyto spend.f" &f St? u1 q&His Sword , IT- .nI SHAU .MAKE THEPACE TERMS (WHEN I AM'riIady:J & Kr rfb 3NOW SEVENifY-Tta&E,CONFEDERAETVETERANEXPRE&ES GRATITUDERecommends Mineral Remedy Extract From Mine laMississippi.One Bottle of A-I-M "Brought ReliefFrom Rheumatism; ImprovedDigestion.A veteran from the war betweenthe States, J. T. Ellis, of Richmond,Va., a former member of Company B,Twenty-fourth Virginia Cavalry,finds, that although past the allotedthree-score and ten, one may' enjoygood, health and youthful buoyancyby 'following simple directions. "Isuffered from rheugnatism, had a poOrappeuie, ana spent many a sieepiessnight," said Mr.Eilis, "until actingupon the., advice of a friend I'tried A-I-M.To my surprise, I experiencedmuch relief before having finished myfirst bottle. I have been entirely relieved of those awful pains In mybody, enjoy my meals, and sleep well.I recompnend this wonderful mineralremedy to every one suffering fromsimilar complaints.". A-I-M (Acid Lron Mineral) is compounded in Nature's laboratory, andis' so powerful in Iron 'that it makesthe strongest iron tonic and bloodpurifier known. Containing less acidthan any medicine ever placed on themarket, it 4s absolutely harmless,does not injure the teeth, and forcleansing and purifying the blood,thousands of tests by men and women of all ages, prove it to be without an equal.A-I-M is in no sense a patent medicine or secret remedy. It is a natural mineral, contains ferric , sulrphate, aluminic sulphate, 'manganicsulphate, magnesium sulphate, calcium sulphate, sodium sulphate, sodium iodide, sodium phosphate, silicicacid, and free sulphate acid.Acid Iron Mineral is on sale by allprogressive druggists in the UnitedStates, Canada and Great Britain.Brooks & Snapp "has it on sale inParis. (adv)15S 51 T3IRED CROSS WANTS "LINEN FORFRANCE."The Red Cross Commissioner forFrance cables that the hospitals "overthere" are sadly in need of bath towels, handtowels, sheets, napkins,handkerchiefs. The Lake Division,,in which Paris and Bourbon countythe situated has its allotment madefor the week of September 30, up toand including Saturday, Oct. 5. Inthis plan the allotment is known as"The Linen Shower."Each family is asked to contributeas many articles as possible from itsreserve stock. Wherever . it seemspractical, housewives are urged tomake up these articles from old linenskirts and dresses, not too worn, andfrom pieces of new linen that mayhappen to be available.The Borbon county Red CrossChapter has been called on to provideits share of these articles during thisweek, thoughT the work has not beengenerally begun. In the stress of theed Cross wok suffered a temporaryi elapse. Through the Pans papers itis hoped that tbeneed of "Linen ForFrance" will be given a wider public-lty, ana ZOSil LUere WIU De a goueruuaresponse for the benefit of those "overthe waters'in the hospitals.iaA EESPONSIBIIITY.An important ' responsibility resting upon every home service committee is: Service to the families ofsoldiers and sailors and the protection pf their civil and business interests while they areat the front, Alsothe co-operation 'with the draftboards, Council of National Defenseand other war agencies in reachingand instructing drafted men beforeleaving and in compiling a completeindex record of all men in the service from the county under the chapters jurisdiction.If I only had the money!4 Honey,money, how hateful yon are, but oh,how I need to have yon ! ElizabethHasanovitx, in the Atlantic.Any youth who will always do hisbest will never finish very far behindin the race of life.Wlrt4 Si$mm$s.I"I"I"I"iiiiiiiiiiiiiiLIFT 0FRCORNS! ' IdVDrop Frcezone on a touchy fi corn, then lift that cornoff with fingers ft :,minmiitmiiMtinmmtii..tini.imiiMnin1rtDoesn't hurt a bit! Drop a "kittleFreezone on. an, aching corn, instantlythat corn aiops hiirtiig, then you liftit right out. Yes, magic! No humbug!A tiny bottld of Freezone costs but sfew cents at any drug store, but ia sufficient to remove every hard corn, softcorn, or, corn between the toes, and thecalluses, without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discoveryof a Cmcinnati genius. It ia wonderful."RUNOF DRAFT" TO FURNISHMEN FOR NAVY.The program under which the navyand marine corps will secure the pnenhereafter needed has been announced by Secretary Daniels after conference with representatives of his department, the marine corps and theProvost Marshal General's office. Thenavy is to have an average of 15,000 men monthly, while the marinecorps will get 5,000 monthly for fourmonths and 1,500 each month thereafter. Of the navy's allotment of 15,000 itpay enlist or enroll men who havespecial qualifications for certainwork, but the remainder will comefrom "the run of the draft," navyofficials calling out skilled men tomeet, as far as possible, the specialneeds of the service.Men who now hold, or may hereafter be given deferred classificationon account of dependency will be permitted to enlist in the navy as thehigher pay given is expected to doaway with the possibility of hardships to the dependents. Those whohave seen previous service in the navyalso will be permitted to re-enlist, inno case, however,. not even from thedraft, will the navy accept men whocannot read, write and speak theEnglish language, nor will it acceptmen not citizens of the United Statesor conscientious objectors.Much the same system will be followed in enlisting men both in thenavy and marine corps. Naval recruiting stations will be known as"mobilization centers," each having adefinite territory to serve and theywill be established at central points.Marine corps recruiting offices alsowill be kept open.Cincinnati will be the mobilizationpoint for Ohio, Indiana, Kentuckyand Tennessee.CAN NOWEAT ANDCOMFORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food", which' .seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complpjrion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. t Sleeplessness wasadded to my (misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. J heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I am to-day entirely well"(adv-oct)HELP FILLTHE DEMftND FORBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand.We court a thorough investigation. Send for free Booklet; "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day of Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or call at school for'full information.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMss-Irene -Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. Ia. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 K. TlDBer St, Seoontf Roor,Lexinetom. Ky.n l !rSfi5)TRAINEDWOMENBREWERS ASSOCIATION PUTS UPTO BUY NEWSPAPERS.Documents to show that fifteenbrewers and the United States Brewers' Association contributed $407500 to a fund used by C. W Feignspan, of Newark, N. J., in making aloan to Arthur Brisbane for the- purchase of the Washington Times wasfurnished to the Senate JudiciaryCommittee by A. Mitchell Palmeralien property custodian. Otherdocuments sent to .the committee byMr. Palmer included correspondencebetween German propaganists in thiscountry and certain brewery interests relative to the purchase of anewspaper to be antagonistic neitherto beer nor to Germany.For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.Typewriter Wanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124(4-tf)For RentA Vine street residence of 5 roomsfitted with bath;-gas; electric lightApply toJ. T. HINTON,(4-3t-pd) Both Phones.FOR SALEWe will have two loads of extragood black feeders, also three loadsgood quality yearlings on the marketCourt day at Richmond, Ky.J. W. JONES,J. H. BAUGHMAN.Pony Taken Up.Taken up as stray, a black pony.Owner can .ascertain location of sameby calling at THE NEWS office, proving property and paying advertisingand other charges.WANTEDThe ifmmediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMrs. Mina M. Howell are requestedto settle with the undersigned administrator. Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. JAMES M. HUKILL,(27-3wks) Administrator.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)TREES!We grow a complete asortment of Fruit and ShadeTree, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FREE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.Wanted-Junk.Wj& pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, S1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, SI. 20 per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper, 23c per 'pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, lSfr-perjpound.Lead' 66 per pound.Zinc; 5'c"per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmea Arties, 5?c ;pef pound.Inner Tubes; lire per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per-pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.LambskiBS; $2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $S.0.Shearlings; $1.50.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we py -the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYER 4b SON,Lexington, Ky.."N!TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1918.. rJ J ".mtmvm m nip--iEat withotrtFearofTlndigestioirf; " ;Instant Relief for Bad StomachsWhen your meals liit back.When what you eat turns sour,forming acids, gases and indigestion. Magic r1!ef. No waiting!The xl uent Pape's Diapepsinreaches the stomach all the sourness, acidity, heartburn, dyspepsiaand indigestion ends.Upset stomachs feel fine.Costs jo little Any 'drug store.upset v Pape's Diapepsin5SWILL PUT YOUON YOUR FEETTHE SOLDIER'S MAIL.(Leslie's.)Complaints are being shot at theWar Department and to every member of Congress, and to almost everyrewspaper office regarding the seemingly inexcusable delay of the expeditionary mail. The fact of it is thatthe conditions of the difficulties ofthe case are so many and so noveltbat a statement of a few of thesei ay be illuminating. Since the firstof July the expeditionary mail hasUen in the charge of the Quarter-H -" -- - I J MffJKJr lO 777yjjfaWixm(oj&GJffinr&c& IMSPace PowderIt clings to skin stays on. Removes all shine. Enhances natural beauty with velvety smoothness. Tint for every complexion.Exquisite fragrance. The powder that is different amazinglybetter. Try it and see.M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Mainmaster General of the Army. The Atlantic liners are so overcrowded withfreight that it became impossible tosend the mail by these. It now goesover in army transports. Thesetransports are convoyed, and theytake anywhere from ten days to threeweeks to arrive at their port of destination. The mail then goes intothe hands of the French PostofficeDepartment for military distributionto the front. It is a little known factthat for reasons of military necessity the French Governpnent censorsour mail either in whole or in partas it sees fit. Owing to our very largeforce that is distributed over a 300mile front, the difficulties of gettingthe mail to the soldier now only begins. Companies and regiments aiecontinually shilting. The soldier inone trench may be in. another trenchfifty miles away the next day. Casualties and moving of the woundedfrom hospital to hospital add anothertremendous difficulty. So it becomesrather a feat of the finest efficiencyto connect the soldier at the frontwith his hojme within a period of amonth at the least. Gen. Pershinghas put at the disposal of the expertmail clerks in France the best military aid he can possibly devise tosolve the problem that everyone inthe United States wishes to seesolved.ts pa P2A BEAUTIFUL WOMANDo you know that a beautiful woman always has a good digestion? Jfyour digestion, is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthen, Iyour digestion. rice zoc.(advct)4---,.ETTERSsage SENDtrenchedwomencanttenNEWS FROM HOME.VWorld news ifl all right, but OUE BOYSwant NEWS OF THIS TOWN. They wantthe home newspaper. Publishers are inventedfrom sending: their papers free' to anyone, trenboys in the service. Consequently a nationalmovement has been started by Col. WilliamBoyce Thompson of New York, who is actingas President of the Home Paper Service ofAmerica to give the boys what they are callingfor. Every community Is joining the movement.Let ui see that our boys are not forgotten.Send to the publisher of this newspaperwhatever amount of money you can 5cents or $50.00. We will publish a listeach week of those contributing, and theamounts contributed.Every cent received will be used to sendthis paper to our boys at the front. If atthe mad of the war, there is any surplus, ftwill be turned over to the local Red CrossCommittee.There ia no profit in tail to the publishereven in normal timee, subscriptions are not soldat a profit. With war prices prevailing, and the.high rate of postage on .papers sent to France,our coat will- scarcely be covered by our fullsubscription price.Remember that over in France, some bravesoldier or sailor from this town perhaps evensome splendid woman working within sound ofthe guni depending on you to "KEEP THEHOME ILOVEr KfiTOLED."They are calling to YOU from "Over ThereGIVE WHAT YOU CANWe BOURBON NEWScomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and-Elsewhere.Mrs. Ida Rash, of Cliutonville, isvisiting relatives in Oklahoma.Mrs. Lawrence Price is a guestof relatives and friends in Eminence.Mrs. John I. Fisher, of Louisville, is a guest M her mother, Mrs.Mary Goff, near "Paris.Mrs. Hughes Atkinson, of Mt.Sterling, is a guest of her mother,Mrs. William Tarr, near ParisMrs P. M. Gillispie has returned, to her home "ir Pnie oai.two-weeks stay at'DawsoiTsprings.Mts'J. C. Mastin has returnedto her home in Lexington after a visitto Mass Olive Snapp, on Main street.Mrs. J. H. Weigott has concludeda pleasant visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati, O., and Dayton,Ky. 'Mr. and Mrs. John Collins, ofCleveland, Ohio, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Thos. Helm Clay, on , Eighthstreet. ( -Miss Bessie Honican. has returned to her home in Carlisle after avisit to Miss Vella Mastin, on Highstreet.Mrs. Rachel Smith and MissLouise Redmon have returned from astay of several months in Coloradoand Minnesota.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris haveas guests Mr. L. E. Green and family,of Owenton, and Mr. O. B. Harris, ofDodge City, Kansas.Mrs. Anna Peebles has returnedto her hpme in Pawtucket, RhodeIsland, after a visit to relatives inthis city and county.Mrs. Ola Peters has returned toNorth Middletown from Louisville,where' she was called by the death ofher nephew, Mr. Bagby.Mrs. Mattie Barbour, of Lexington, was a guest Friday and Saturday oi Air. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell and family, on Vine street.Mrs. Clinton Foxworthy and twochildren, of Ft. Myers, Fla., areguests of her sister, Mrs. Charles P.Cook, and Mr. Cook, on Cypressstreet.Mrs. Minnie Christian, housekeeper at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has returned from a month'svacation, spent in visiting in WesternKentucky and Oklahoma.Mr. George W. Stuart left Friday for a visit to his son, Corp. JohnM. Stuart, at Havre de Grace, Md.Mrs. Stuart and Mrs. John M. Stuarthave been there several days.ST0KAC5BPJ5ETLPape's Diapepsin at Once Ends Dys-jbrcjyjsm, Aciaixy, tfas, indigestion. Your meals hit back! Your stomach is sour, acid, gassy and you feelbloated after eating or you haveheavy lumps of indigestion pain, orheadache, but never mind. Here isinstant relief.::vaExtensive ShowingofDon't stay upset! Eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin. and immediatelythe indigestion, gases, acidity and allstomach distress ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets are thesurest, quickest stomach relievers inthe world. They cost every little atdrug stores. (adv)S IS feWAR BOARD RAPS STORES THATWRAP TOO MUCH.Local retail stores have been advised of an order of the War Industries Board which affects evey retailstore throughout the United States,directing that unnecessary wrappingof merchandise be doscotinued andjthat the consumption of wrappingpaper boxes and office stationery bereduced to a minimum.Economy in the use of paper willrelease chemicals, fuels, cars andmen, and will enable the governmentto secure its requirements of paper,which are increasing rapidly, the order states. The increasing productionof ammunition factories uses muchchemical pulp formerly used in making wrapping, tissue, book and otherstrong papers.Mrs. Carrie Lehman ("MotherLehman") of Louisville, was a visitorin this city and county several dayslast week. Mrs. Lehman was hereinspecting the city and county schools,and other institutions.-Mr. M. H. O. Williams, of Wilaukee, Wis., Superintendent ofAgencies of the Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co., was a guest several days the past week of Mr. Roy F.Clendenin, in this city.Mr. Wm. Taylor and Mrs. LouisTaylor have returned from a visit toMr. Duncan Taylor at Saranac Lake,New York. They report Mr. Taylor-as deriving great improvement inrjhealth by his stay at the Lake. jMr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, ofnear Paris, received a telegram Saturday telling of the serious illness oftheir son, Mr. Sam Clay Ward, at theUniversity of Virginia. Mr. Ward,accompanied by Dr. J. T. Vansant,left Saturday morning for Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Biggs andtwo sons, George and Samuel Biggs,Jr., have arrived fropn Huntington,W. Va., for a visit to Mrs. Biggs'mother, Mrs. E. B. Hedges, on Mainstreet. They made the journey fromHuntington in their touring car.(Other Personals on. Page 5.)fe )Ei teD. A. B. Convention.THE BEST PR00P GIVENPARIS CITIZEN.BY AThe annual convention of the Kentucky D. A. R., which is to be heldin Ashland this year, will be a business convention, and the programwill deal most entirely with wartproblems, which the D. A. R. will.take .up during 1918-19. Plans forJJtie.xionyention, which is to be thelatter part of October, formed theprincipal business before the boardmeeting held at Louisville last week.The young ladies who registeredfor .special duty in the recent drivefor nurses in 'the county, are askedto assemble at the Y. M. C. A. building at seven o'clock to-night. Theywill be addressed by -Mrs. GeorgeHunt, and Mrs. Kehriker, R. N., bothof Lexington. The meeting will beheld for the purpose of placing before the young women the matter ofplacing them in institutions for immediate training as nurses. It isearnestly urged that all the youngwomen be present.Arrangements are being made forthe meeting in this city this week ofthe young ladies who have registeredas volunteer nurses. The meetingwill be addressed by an experiencedregistered nurse, and others will bepresent to give all the necessary information regarding the location ofthe training schools, length of timerequired for training, the cost, etc.Due notice of the tipne and place ofthe meeting will be given.SATURDAY, OCT. 12, IS PROCLAIMED "LIBERTY DAY."Saturday, October 12, is the fourhundredth and twenty-sixth anniversary of the discovery of America.President Wilson has proclaimed itLiberty Day and requests the citizensof every community in the UnitedState city, town and countrysideto celebrate the day.The President, in his proclamationsays:"Every day the-great principles forwhich we are fighting take fresh holdupon our thought and purposes andmake it clearer what the end nristbe and what we tmust do to achieveit."We now know more certainlythan we ever knew before why freemen brought the great Nation andGovernment we love into existence,because it grows clearer and clearerwhat supreme service it is to beAmerica's privilege to render to theworld.", Doan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evidence., Has proven the result lasting.The testipiony is home testimony.The proof convincing.It can be investigated by Parisresidents.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Mainstreet, Paris, says: "Kidney troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere very severe, causing me moresuffering than the fall itself. No- onecan ever know what I went throughat the time for I suffered awfull-v.JHty back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneys andif anyone Iiad hit me in the back witha heavy axe it couldn't have hurtworse. In one week after using Doan'sKidney Pills, I felt like a differentwoman, for they fixed me up in fineshape. (Statement given February17, 1908.)RESULTS THAT REMAINOn November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for jme and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv), fe fe feLET NOTHING BE LOST."Gather .up the fragments that remain, that nothing beJost," such .wasthe admonition of the Master at thememorable feast of which the Bibletells, the feeding of the multitudewith the barley loaves and fishes.Conservation in all things k is theslogan of to-day. A cry comes to usto save all fruit pits and nut stonesas they are invaluable in furnishing'carbon fpr the respirator in the gasjmasks for our boys over there, in alittle folder gotten out by the Gas.Defense Division, there is an urgentrequest that we save these otherwiseworthless articles, at least to us.We are asked to save peach stones,apricot pits, prune pits, plu.ni pits,olive pits, date seeds, cherry pits,butter-nut shells, Brazil nut shells,walnut shells, hickory nut shells, andsurely with a little forethought everyfamily in our midst could accumulatequite a collection. Have a bucket orsome sort of receptacle placed in easyaccess, and after a thorough dryingin the oven turn them over to yourRed Cross Circle. Get the little folksof the family interested; they'll regard it almost as a kind of play, andat the same time they'll be learningpatriotism.CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. , Hall's .Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians jn. thiscountry for years.' It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best-boodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients" in Hall's 'CatarrhMedicine is what produces such wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.," Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(auv-oct)A wise man does -'a great deal ,ofSilent thinking and afoolman does a'great deal of "thoughtless italkingvSmart New FashionsFor the Correctly GownedYoung Woman.Embracing reproductions and adaptations from the greatFrench and American desieners who excel in modes ofyouthful character. Fur Trimmed and Plain TailoredSuits developed in soft Velours and Tricotines.CoatsOf charming new design in full plain models and luxurious fur trimmed effects, including the new Dolman andInverness.Tailored DressesSmart, new, straight-line effects of Serge, Tricotine, 'lncollette, Satin and Velvet simple, yet possessing thatsubtle charm of detail so desired.BlousesIn all the late suit colors, as well as flesh, black andwhite. Models that are exclusive and out of the ordinary. FursNew arrivals in rich soft Taupe Fox, Black Fox, Beaver,Nutria and genuine Scotch Mole; matched sets or separate pieces. Fur Coats and Coatees of Hudson Seal,Raccoon Mole, Squirrel and Muskrat.Junior and Children's DepartmentWe are showing a big new line of Coats, Dresses, Sweaters, Furs and Millinery.WOLF, WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-Law-ROOMS 401-402EERST NAT1! BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye. Ear, Nose andThroatBOOMS 403-404ITBST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136THESENEW HATSAre More Attractive ThanAny We Have ShownFor Years.So it is to your advantage to jcome and select one to-day: We 'have assortments at IMargolen'sSANITAR VMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUs an OrderMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market$1.98$2.98$3.50$4.00AND. UP.Twin Bros.Department StoreJaris, Ky.Main and 7th,BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh Vegetables vMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsiamb, Veal, Pork"'BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376IImrwm"X1IIKIIIKII::IIXIXIXIk3i&,r;fe -& v, -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY." '''""g'f'jfllNlTUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1SU.r ... . I &J?-l Tj. $',C" $?fhi''WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.At the Bed Cross Room.Tuesday Woman's Society Christian 'Church.Wednesday Woman's SocietyEpiscopal church.Thursday Young Woman's Mission pircle.Friday Progressive Culture Club.Copnmercial exploitation of theRed 'Cross is one thing the 'organization Vishes to avoid. No profit-sharingagreement with any exhibitorshould be made, therefore, by anychapter, branch, or auxiliary.With the Clubs.Paris Literary Club, Oct. 9 th.The Ancestry of the Bible MissLilleton.The Hymn of Creation ( Gen. I, II,1, 2$ 3) Mrs. Forsyth.Reports from State Federation.General Federation.The Progressive Culture Club,Oct :io.Aviators.Americans in the Air Mrs. Tucker.Cartoonists Mrs. Foster.Butterflies, Moths and WormsMrs. Paton.The Art Club, Oct. 12.ArchitectureSaracenic.Architecture of the MohammedansMrs. Bower.The Alhambra Mrs. Caywood.Architecture in India Mrs. Kers-lake.-Roll Call Examples of SaracenicArchitecture.Trench-foot Slippers.We have 170 pairs of slippersready to ship. He have twenty pairon our shelves ready to be made.There are still a number that havenot been turned in. Will you pleasereport the nujmber you have, whetherihey are finished or notOur quota is 250 pairs. Materialis -needed for at least thirty or fortypairs. A piece 27 inches square cutsone"pair.BOURBON COUNTY CHAPTER AM.. RED CROSS SOCIETY." Anneal to Nurses.ir Graduate nurses, undergraduate'' nurses, nurses' aids, register at oncewith your local Red Cross nursingcommittee for service in the presentepidemic of influenza. - -- -Volunteer service is greatly desired, but expenses and $75 a monthwill be paid to graduate nurses. Expenses and from $30 to ?50 amonth is the pay for undergraduatesand nurses' aids."Above all," advises the Department of Nursing at Lake Division,Red Cross headquarters, "do not goout on this work without a definiteassignjment authorized by this department. Adherence to this request willSISTER MARYSTOCK FARMPUBLIC AUCTION!Saturday, Oct. 12AT 10 O'CLOCK, ON THE PREMISESOn the Bethlehem Pike, Two Miles Southeast of Paris, Ky.,the famous Sister Mary Stock Farm of 282 AcresvDivided Into Four Small Farms!HEMP, TOBACCO AND CORN'2TRACT No. 1 Contains about 117 acres of splendid old Blue Grass sod and is as fine tobacco land as can be- found m Central Kentucky. Has a good 15-acre tobacco and stock barn, 5-room tenant house, corncribs and out-buildings, and is well watered. .TRACT No. 2 Has about 40 acres unimproved -and Is rich, productive land and has a large pike frontage.TRACT No. 3 Contains about 55 acres, the: greater, part of which is magnificent tobacco land. Stock barn80x16. An ideal building site.TRACT No. 4. Contains about 70 acres. Nearly all in old Blue Grass sod. Rich and ready for eitherhemp or tobacco. Big spring that is unaffected by drouth. Has fine site for a home.Sale Will Be Conducted ByBolivar Bond and C. E. BuckleyProspective buyers are invited to call onHARRIS & SPEAKES or THE PARIS REALTY CO.L-.--. - who will take plewurt in showing thtprtperty. ,,.. ,'permit us to know just where ournursing' resources are and will prevent confusion in assignments."Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, Chairman ofthe Department of History of thethe Kentucky Federation of Women'sClubs, has requested the publicationin this department of the followingquestionnaire. This was published inTHE NEWS some jmonths ago, Dutowing to women taking so much interest in war activities, Red Crosswork, etc., it did not meet with aready response. Mrs. Lafferty urgesjus to impress upon the readers ofthis column the very great importance of this work:I The questionnaire was compiledjby Mrs. Lafferty, Chairman of History, State Federation. Any reaaerwho can .answer any or all these willbe rendering a great service to theState if he or she will do so and mailto a'mephber of one of the women'sclubs. Our State histories are veryincomplete, many of our valuable relics have found a resting place inNorthern museums. Mrs. Laffertyis especially anxious to get data fromBourbon county, that no record isvery meager. Let us take stock, makeinquiry, answer these questions andforward:QUESTIONNAIRE:What monuments or markers havebeen erected in your county?To whopn, or in commemoration ofwhat event were they erected?When and by whom?Were any State funds appropriatedfor their erection? If so, how much?Were there any pioneer forts, orblock houses in your county? If so,will you locate them?Are there any historic sites inyour county upon which you deemit wise to erect markers? If so,what are they?Are there any road maps in yourcounty upon which you can indicateany historic sites that are alreadysuitably marked for the benefit oftourists?Has a history been published ofyour county? If so, by whom wasit written and when?Are there, or have there been anyhistorians in your county? If so,what have they written?Are their books available for- reference? Are there any old diaries, manuscripts, letters, music or land grantsin your county? If so, will you locate and catalogue them for this department? Have you any files or early newspapers of your county? If so, whatwere they; and what were theirdates?.Have the churches of your countypreserved their membership lists,their marriage and birth records?Are the old marriage records, willbooks, deed books and order books inyour County Court House carefullypreserved and easy of access to thosedoing research work, in your county?If not will you undertake to arousean appreciation of their value andan interest in their preservation?Are there any old books, magazines or phamphlets in your countyATrelating to the history, religion, education, .dress, jnanners, orrustoijisof pioneers? If so, win you cata-logue them for this Department? IKindly locate and catalogue,, the?historic relics in your county, andjinclude this most ijmportant list in5your report. iVery respectfully,MPS W. T. LAFFERTV.Chairman Dept. of History of theKentucky jp eaeriiuuu ui women's Uiuos.WAR TROPHY TRAIN VISITED BYHUNDREDS OF PEOPLE.The War Trophy Train, sent outhv thfi Government as an auxiliaryin the Fourth Liberty Loan cam-noi'o-n nm'd Paris a visit last Fridavmorning, remaining at the L. & N.Tenth street station aoout two nours.In that time the exhibit was witnessed by many hundred people, whilealmost an equal number were unableto get adjmission. Owing to the shorttime the train was here it was impossible for the visitors to make the inspection leisurely, and they were toldto move along lively, so that othersmight have a chance.The train arrived at 4:00 a. m.and was sidetracked in the yards,while the members of the party weretaken to breakfast at the CrosdaleHotel. On their return and the arrival at the station of the paradewhich was formed in front of thecourt house, they were greeted by alarge crowd. Mr. John T. Collinsacted as master of ceremonies and introduced Dr. B. J. Bush, of Lexington, who delivered a thoroughly delightful address of about three-quartersof an hour in length, whichthe crowd enjoyed impnensely. At theconclusion of his address the trainwas thrown open for inspection.There was a rush at once, but theCitizens Committee and the guardswith the train handled them in a satisfactory manner. Among the memjbers of the visiting party was twoAmerican soldiers, one of whom hadlost a leg and the other an arm inthe attack at Chateau-Thierry; aFrench Lieutenant who had been decorated for bravery in action, and an)Italian officer who had seen fouryears' service in the present wrrThe tmn .was composed of twoflat cars, two baggage cars and aPulljman. On the two flat cars wasloaded a big mortar, which had oncedone duty on the deck of the Germanraider, Remsden; a German 150-mili-metergun, captured in the battle ofChateau-Thierry; an Albatross airplane, minus its wings, shot down inbattle by a. famous French aeronaut.In the covered" cars was a miscellaneous assortment of all kinds of implements of warfare, from a daggerto a big shell weighing 4,200 pounds.1 T ISINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Resolution By TheParis Cityl 'r ', 'CouncilSCHOOLS,, CHURCHES, ' SHOWS,AND OTHER PUBLIC, ASSEMBLIES MUT CLOSE ON AGCOUNTOF PREVALENCE OF INFLUENZA. "At a called meeting of the Boardof Council of the City of Paris, heldin the Council Chamber-last nightypursuant to a call issued by a majority of the members, the followingresolution was adopted:WHEREAS, There is grave dangerto the health of the citizens of Parisbecause of the prevalence ;of 'influenza, andWHEREAS, The State Board ofHealth has this day issued its proclajmation ordering the discontinuanceof Schools, Churches, Shows and other Public Gatherings until said danger has passed;THEREFORE, Be it resolved thatthe Board of Health of the City ofParis, be, and it hereby is requestedto use all its power, under the law, toenforce the mandate of the StateBoard of Health, and the power' andinfluences of the Board of Council ishereby pledged to the City Board ofHealth in the enforcement of saidregulations.The people of the City of Paris arehereby called upon to give cheerfuland immediate heed to all requestsand orders of either of said Boards tothe end that the threatened dangerto our people may be avoided.J. J. VEATCH,Mayor, Pro. Tern.Attest: rJ.' W. HAYDEN, Clerk.VICTIMS 0? ACCIDENTSWhile alighting from the cabooseof his train in the Louisville & Nashville yards in this city, Mr. Russellwango, of Paris, conductor, fell,breaking his collar bone in twoplaces. He was removed to his homeand medical aid given. He is a son-in-lawof Mrs. Russell Mann, of thisCity."While engaged in loading hemp atthe E. F. Spears & Sons' hemp housein this city, W. C. Thomas was badlyinjured when a big bale of the fabric fell on him. He was removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital andmade comfortable.to to toGOLDFISH TOR SALE.Goldfish for sale atOBERDORFER'S DRUG STORE.j(4-2t)The Best is TheCheapestThat's our advice to our customers when they come here "Buy Good Clothes as theyare the cheapest in the long run. And we're showing good clothes right here. Being inconstant touch with the leading markets enables us to bring you the latest developments inMen's and Young Men's Clothes and the best feature is, they are priced right.$15.00 to $45.00NeckwearWe are always showing something new inNeckwear. Brightpatterns and colors.50c to $2.00ShirtsThe newest colorsand patterns are shownin Silks, Madras andPercales.$1.00 to $10.00The Government Requests the Public to Do ChristmasShopping at Once.The only way in which the request can be complied with is by the co-operation of thepublic. The Government is anxious to avoid puUing off Christmas shopping until the lastfew days and to avoid increasing working fore s and working hours. We- urte our customers to do their holidays shopping at once. Our stocks are complete and prices are aslow or lower than they will be. - -Do Your Christmas Shopping at Once.7th and Main1. jetf y.FRANK&CO. ILADIES' OUTFITTERS" j -mWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and LadiesCOATSFRANK & CO.OoP7rlhtl913. A. B. Xinchbanm Co...R P. WALSHOne-Price Store4-" -.inIHatsKnox and C. & K.Hats are top-notcherswhen it comes to style,colors and quality.$3.00 to $10.00Union SuitsGood, comfortableand durable UnionSuits for Men andBoys.$1.25 to $5.00Paris, Ky.A"S5V1 - v - ,- ,y il t" .J.J$AJ ffi 'VAtVfo fKTUESDAY, 0CT0BER.8, 191$.M-fcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAHS, KT.IJMSi2Ki0FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEAEW MEMBER HEALTH BOARD.Mr Charles N. FitMaai, who renfiv tendered liis resignation as amber of the City Board of Health,Sic "been succeded in that positionuna. vx. A-o.utou.wj.. m M 1by Dr.PIE SUPPER.There will be a pie supper givent the Escondida school house onrridav night, October 11. The prods'will will go for the benefit ofIII school and Red Cross. Eyeryindv is cordially invited to attend.Miss Elizabeth Hudnall is teacher.. ta B54 mSO SAY WE. AMEN!The following squib from theStanford Interior-Journal is so aptlyerSsed and so timely that THETEWS reproduces it:"The Lexington Herald has disriirded its society column and now iff tv ill discard its continual criticismsof everything democratic and beg themrdon of the President and Secretaryof War Baker for causeless stricture its sins of commission ,may be'ogiven but not forgotten."TS 156 IftTWO PATRIOTIC WOMEN.Miss Clara Bacon and Miss BerthaVapier have volunteered their services as nurses' aides in this crisis ofcnanish influenza. They will be called to Camp Taylor within the week.Must our brave boys die for lackof care? The need is rugent. Willnot others answer the call?Experience in home nursing, acourse in First Aid or a course in elementary care of the sick will put onein line for the work.Call Mrs. Sutherland or Mrs. Hancock to say you will go.IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.v Of course, we all realize that itnavs to advertise, but it does nohann to occasionally call attention?0 me value of THE NEWS as anadvertising medium. Mrs Carl Crawford advertised rooms for rent inTHE NEWS. Three hours after tnepaper containing the adverlisemeuuwas on the street, the rooms wererented to Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Hamilton,, s nis is but another illustration ofthe value of advertising, especial ina tried and proven medium like THbNEWS. It pays to advertise!SNEAK TSffiEGETS AWAY WITHWOMAN'S PURSE.When Mrs. Oliver Hazelrigg. ofParis, left the interurban. station atFifth and High streets, at 12: 4o, Saturday noon, to catch a car for herhome on Twentieth street, she leftbehind her a purse containing $14.7 o.:r,r tvio -nnrsp. iust as she mounted the car steps she hastily returnedto where it had been left on the seatin the wating room, but the pursewas gone. The police were promptlynotified, but as yet they have beenunable to get a clue as to the identityof the sneak thief.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.GASHEATERS CONNECTED UPPEEE OF CHARGE.Now is the time to have that NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Comdays are near at hand We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill. , nn(8-tf) A. P. WHEELER & CO.WILL CLOSE SATURDAY-COLUMBUSDAY-LEGALHOLIDAYOur bank will be closed onSaturday (Columbus Day), itbeng a legal holiday. Customersare requested to take noticeand attend to their bankingbusiness on Friday-PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK.(oct8-2t)T2 TBI fESHELPING LTJKE McLUKE.Dr. M. H. Dailey recently wrote toLuke McLuke suggesting that theKaiser be sent to Hell-fer-Sartin, inKentucky, to meditate on his pastand present sins. "Nub" McDermott,of the Postal Telegraph Co., adds toDr. Dailey's suggestion that the German butcher be sent to Hell's-Half-Acre,in Bell county, where he couldreap for the next four years that-which he has sowed for the past fouryearsIn a recent issue of the CincinnatiEnquirer Luke McLuke takes Paris inhis territory as follows:"Best Brothers have a grocery inJeffersonville, Ind.; Small Brothershave a barber shop in Louisville,Ky., Bright Brothers have a clothingstore at Paducah, Ky., and TwinBrothers have a department store atParis, Ky."WORKING EOE THE BELGIANEELIEF FTOD.If you didn't wear one of thoseBelgian .forget-me-not bouquets onthe lapel of your coat yesterday, itwas because the handsome -yunladies who were selling thepi didn tget a chance to see you. A bevy ofpretty Paris girls, in charge of Mrs.James H. Thompson, Jr., of pars'Chairman for Bourbon county, of theBelgian Baby Relief Fund, buttonholed the good "people of Paris, in theinterest of the fund, and soia memhandsome little souvenir for thesmall sum of ten cents. Mr. victorBoagert, of Lexington, Commissionerfor Kentucky of the Belgian HelletFund, was also here, mingling withthe crowds on the streets and givinghis personal assistance to the youngladies and Mrs. Thompson, in thesolicitation and sales of the souvenirs iMr. Rankin Mastin is confined tohis home with an attack of thegrippe.Mrs. W. C. Powell and little son,Billy, of Lexington; were visitors inParis, Friday.Mr. J. B. Day and daughter, MissLillian Day, are guests of Mr. andMrs. W. N. Day, in Covingtojn .Mrs. Wjm. A. Clarke, of . Cincinnati, is a guest of 'her sister, Mrs.Henry Judy, and other relatives.Mrs. Addie Duvall, accompaniedby Misses Lula'and Helen Kiser, arevisiting Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser,at Corbin.Mr. and Mrs. Fithian Faries, ofMaysville, are guests of the former'sparents, Dr. and Mrs. Frank M.xnico, uu. .nroaaway. jiMr. Russell Frank is at homefrom the Kentucky Military Institute at Lyndon, near Louisville. Mr.Frank is convalescing from an attackof the Spanish influenza.Miss Eleanor Clay, of Paris, hasreturned to her school studies atGeorgetown College, after a visit toMrs. J. A. Vansant, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Martin Woolery, of KansasCity, and Mrs. T. H. Greenwade, ofMt. Sterling, were recent' guests ofMr. and Mrs. J. M. Murphy and family. Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., ofParis, assisted in the Tag Day campaign at Lexington, Saturday, forthe benefit of the Red Cross AnimalRelief.Mr. Louis Taylor left for NewYork last night in response to a telegram stating that Mrs. Taylor wcssuffering from an attack of Spanishinfluenza.Mr. David Pence, a former resident of Bourbon county is recovering from the effects of an operationperformed in the Norton Infirmary,at Louisville, for appendicitis.Mrs. J. E. Barnett, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. James, of Paris,is ill at St Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington. Her mother and her sister,Miss Jennie Jajmes, have been at herbedside.Louis., Tinder and Graham Young,of North Middletown, have returnedfrom a visit to friends in Danville.They were accompanied by Miss Martha Tinder, who has been a guest ofDanville friends. -ann-i-Miss Christine Thomason, o theKentucky State Normal School, atRichmond, and Mrs. Victor Corbin1, OfButler, were week-end guests of their Jparents, Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Thomasson, near Paris.Miss Bessie Wilson, Mrs. MinotDavis and Mrs. George Eastin, ofMt. Sterling, were recent visitors inParis. From here they went on, aninspection trip to the Xalapa Farm ofMr. Edward Simms, on the NorthMiddletown pike.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone has returned from Louisville, bringing withher her daughter, Mrs. Lee Starke,who has been seriously ill. Mrs.Starke is at the Massie MemorialHospital, where she was reportedyesterday as being slightly improved.Mrs. N. M. Boone and daughter,Miss Frances Boone, who have beenguests of Mrs. Watson Judy and Mrs.M. J. Rion, left this morning for theirhome in Arkansas City, Kansas.They were accojmpanied as far atVevay, Indiana, by Mrs. Rion, whowill visit her sister, Mrs. -LauraCraig, in that city.A postcard from Mr. EwellRenaker, at Hot Springs, Ark., statesthat he is getting along very nicely,and hopes to be completely recoveredbefore his return to Paris. Mr. Renaker stated that Mr. John Merringerwould start for Paris to-day, but thathe would remain about a week longer. Both have been greatly benefitted by their stay at the Springs.Mr. Harry Stivers, who has beenvisiting Mrs. Stivers, formerly MissClara Wood, of Georgetown, and theirlittle son. Master Reuben ElmoreStivers, and his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Sherman H. Stivers, returned Saturday from a business trip to Chicago,and on Sunday left for, Washington,where he is engaged in special workbefore the Interstate Cojmmerce Commission department of railway valuation. Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, ofnear Paris, left Friday -night forRichmond, Va., in response to a telegram stating that their son, Mr. SamClay Ward, was seriously ill of pneumonia at the University of Virginia.They were accompanied by theirfamily physician, Dr. J. T. Vansant,and a trained nurse. Mr. J. QumcyWard, who was in Paris yesterday,attending court day, received a telegram stating that young Ward wassomewhat better, with chances in hisfavor for further improvement.Prof. J. S. Johnson, formerly amember of the Paris High Schoolfaculty, was a caller at THE NEWSoffice Saturday afternoon. Prof..Johnson, who is now residing m Decatur, 111., was en route to Tennessee,where he. and Mrs. Johnson willspend the winter, m speasmg uiTHE NEWS, Fror. jonnsim r m."We want the paper to follow us,but will have to wait until I decidejust where I will be located. Mrs.Johnson and I both enjoy readingTHE NEWS, and I don't 'think shehas even overlooked the advertisements. She reads every page. , inevery issue." ' '(Other Personals on Page 3) ,ftEOEGETOWIt FOOTBALL TEAK!, DEFEATS PAEIS HIGH SCHOOLl : Jj 1 The Paris High School footballteajm went down in defeat in the firstgame of the season, played with theGeorgetown team, on the latter'sgrounds, Friday afternoon. Thegame .was a hard fought one, finallyresulting in a score of 8 to 0 in favorfit the Georgetown team. r; ' The Paris boys went over in amotor truck, accompanied by aboutfifty of their friends and rooter's,who did, their best to pull the teamto victory, but Georgetown had thebest-of the argument from the beginning. Cook and Shuart did thesar:work for the Georgetown teamand though Paris did some goodWork, there was nothing in it thatapproached the brilliant stage. Roberts, of the Paris team, suffered abroken collar bone during the first'half of play, and was repioved to theomce or a Georgetown, pnysician.. The contending teams lined us asfollows:PARIS Dundon, L E; Mitchell,R E; Welch, L T; Rice, R T; Taul,L G; Shively, R G; Baldwin, C;Roberts, Q B; Bedford, R H; Tucker,L H; Benton, F B.GEORGETOWN Armstrong, L E;Forwood, R E; Haslock, L T; Thomason, R T; Sims, L G; Vince, R. G;Anderson, C; Robinson, Q B; Cook,R H; Shuart, L H; Manley, F B.mi m mFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)PARIS MAN HONORED IN CREDITASSOCIATION.In the election of officers for theLexington Credit Association, composed of wholesale men from all partsof Central Kentucky, Mr. Henry A.Power, of the Power Grocery Co., ofParis, was elected vice-president.The meeting was held in Lexingtonrecently.SEWER WORK PROGRESSINGContractor T. A. Sant and a bigforce of workmen are busy every daybuilding the new sewer that is toextend fropn South Main street toStoner Creek, where it will connectwith another branch. The trencheshave been staked out, pipes distributed and work on the trenches onVine street is already well underway.Now ComesYour Best TimeTo BuyA final clean-up of merchandise that must be sold to makeroom for our Holiday goods:Linoleums big variety.Rugs beautiful patterns.A tremendous line of Enamed Ware.Cups and Saucers and Platesto match.Canary Birds, Goldfish, Etc.The Fairijijg;ij;NewORPlayer RollsHARRY SIMON'SBIOClosingOutSale!i offered, we have added new lines of Fall and Winter Goods, which were boughtg before we decided to close out the Paris store, and as the goods have advancedfrom 30 to 50 per cent we have decided to give the public the benefit of the lowprices which will be placed an all the new merchandise rather than give it to themanufacturers.THE NEW STOCK CONSISTS OFTT71E ARE STILL KEPT BUSY accommodating our many customers with theI -.,v L-: i rr i .!. i ? ntaic uai gams we nave unereu ever since uie Beginning or our DlxCLOSING OUT SALE. In addition to the great bargains we have alreadvSuitsDresses SkirtsALSO A LINE OFChildren's Coats' and DressesHARRYSIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.Make the Coming:ATTENDING GRAND LODGE.-;Mayor E. B. January, TX. FrankM Faries, Wm. Lail, Lawrence Price,Homer Shy and John Doty are mMayfield atttending the meeting ofthe I O. O. F. Grand Lodge as delegates from Bourbon Lodge, of Paris.Mayor January was in EminenceSaturday, where he attended a meeting of the Board of Control of theOdd Fellows Orphan Home. Sundayhe visited the Orphans' Home in Louisville going to Mayfield yesterday.Kte to RESor January's twentysixth consecutive term as delegate?rom the Paris lodge to the annual.";, f thP. Grand Lodge, a rec-jord probably unequaled in. the State.VMy Little Rambling Rose.Sweet Hawaiian Moonlight.- Dreamy Hawaiian Moon.My Sweetheart is Somewherein France.Hooking Cow Blues.Till I'm Called.God Be With Our Boys!Beautiful Isle.-Rock of Ages: , ""Daugherty BrosKodaks, Victrolas, Etc.Fifth and Main2ZtriSj'?e-- (C ffMFgjeggsaBgjtf ttpjs;tj!mjWinter Hours AsCheerful as PossibleWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and Rugsw.Its" will mean much to you to have your surroundings as cheerful andgshug and "honuy" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight expense if you will make your selections from our very complete stocks.Always bear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods. : 'Weshall be glad to see you. " -JUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUB'THEJ.T.HINTON11mM0T0R HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKiN'"EITHERPHONE?', 36SIXTH AND MAIN '-.m--MWK314q-nv-rj-BWrsJsrtX SLT -KUM4 viitie Uifaie-" Sh! What would happento me if I -were your kid?Well, if you're not acquaintedwith Crdumet Bakings youdon't know v.'hat a good excuse I have. Can't HelpHelping Myself they're sogood! Good for me too, because Calumet Bakino arewholesome and easily digested.Millions cf mothers useBAKIB8 POWDERbecause of its purity becauseit alvrays eives best results' and iseconomical in cost and use."Calumet contain only suchingredients as heva been approved officially by the U. S.Food Authorities,Yen save when you buy It,You save when you use It,HIGHEST-QUALITY...PVSVJLDC?ZVflV.tMtclSPrUP'.inzjxezyCHBISTK4S TOKENS TO BE BAB-&jD IN KAIiVJ&Christjmas packages for the boys inttie. trenches probably will be barredby the War and Postoffice Departments.' Although no formal ruling has yetbeen made, indications are " that inthe near future an official order willTie issued, telling of the conditionsthat have led up to this decision. Itwas made plain by officials that both-AeDartmeats are anxious to devisesome means by which relatives andfriends of soldiers in France may sendthem Yuletide packages and. said, itwould depend entirely upon mailand shipping conditions prevailingduring the few weeks preceeding theholiday season. At the same time,however, they held out little hopethat it would be possible to changethe tentative decision that the boyswill have to forego substantial remembrances from home.It was pointed, out that last yearlittle success attended the Christmasprogram, so far as the sending of parcels to the overseas forces was concerned. Thousands of these packageswent astray through various combinations, but chiefly because of thecongestion of the mails and lack ofshipping facilities. Also, many giftsof foodstuffs spoiled en route.m 1 teCAN'T MALT GRAIN FOR BEERMAKING.Malting of grain for the purpose ofbrewing beer or near-beer is prohibited by an order issued by the FoodAdministration. The order is effective immediately.Malting for the purpose of manufacturing yeast, vinegar, cerealbreakfast foods, jmalt extract andother such products will be permitted, the Food Administration states,but no grain shall be malted forthese purposes until actual sales havebeen made. Malsters are now permitted to purchase grain to cover malting of this character.Buying OnCreditis a nuisance toboth buyerseller.andIt is one thing that keepsthe cost of livinc errinen higher. Bring your mar-y &cl ui5Ket arm me casn toMRS. ELLIS'I CASH AND CARRYGROCERYopposite the Paris CourtHouse, and see what youcan save: vrrrj-r-rFAMHXWILL YOU HELPOUR BOYS ABROAD?Every Man, Woman and ChildCan Join to Send News ofThis Town Into the Front LineTrenches.WHOffi NATION .MOVES- ttf BANISH SOLITUDEOur Heroes jtre. Calling FromJfrft.Tfiere Give What YouCan to Help Those FromHome.Every citizen Interested In the boysof his home town now at the front, andin the brave women who equally areserving their country abroad, has anopportunity to show his appreciationof the sacrifice they are making. Theopportunity comes as a result of thegenerosity and thought of Colonel William Boyce Thompson of New York,who has conceived and put into execution what Is known as the Home Paper Service.Under the plan, every man and woman In foreign service will receive thetown newspaper, and so be kept inconstant touch with the places and thepeople they know and love.Every branch of the United StatesGovernment is interested in the plan.The Government realizes the importance of keeping those In the servicehappy and constantly in touch withtheir home ties and associations. Nothing is more depressing in a nationalemergency than the spirit of lonelinessIn those serving their country, and officials know that nothing can dispelthis feeling more effectually than reading the home town newspaper.Publishers of newspapers In all partsof the country this newspaper includedhave grasped with pleasure theplan" putlined by Colonel Thompson,and they have agreed to co-operate inevery way. v ""sa&fcfc&iSjEfUnder the ruling of the War IndustrlesBoari? l&WSpfc&eT publishers areforbidden to send tbetr newgpansr?freej even to oWlers 3?Ke &SWipaerfeist B subscribed for in the regularway, the only exception, Befog soldiersJornjeriy were in the employ ofe newspaper and who left that service to. enlist Colonel Thompson therefore proposes that the public In eachcommunity contribute to a fund so thatthe home newspaper (in our -case thisnewspaper) may reach every man andwoman now In the service of his country. Anyone may contribute to the fund,and any sum may be contributed. It Isnot necessary to contribute the entireamount of one subscription. It doesnot matter whether the rich man sendsin one hundred dollars or the poor boyor little girl sends In five cents. Eachgift will be a message of love and helpfulness to the home town folks "OverThere." The money will be lumpedinto one fund, out of which subscriptions will be entered as fast as themoney is received.Contributors who send in the fullprice of a year's subscription may, ifthey wish, designate to what particularperson they wish the newspaper sent,but If the name given Is already listedas receiving the paper, then the publisher reserves the right to apply thesubscription to some less fortunate soldier boy or noble woman who Is just aslonely for news of home and homefolks.The name of every contributor tothis home paper service will be published In this newspaper, and the nameof everyone entered for a subscriptionwill be published as well as the number of those remaining whose subscriptions have not been covered.If the amount of money receivedshall be more than is necessary to sendthe paper to every person from thetown now in the service, then the balance will be turned over to the RedCross.The plan Is endorsed by the publisher of this newspaper without anythought of profit, either directly or Indirectly, but with a sincere desire tohelp keep the home fires burning andto send to our heroes and heroinesnews of our town, to keep their heartswarm for us and to let them knowthey are constantly in our minds.The publisher, of course, cant!make a profit on circulation, and additional circulation such as this will becirculation from non-purchasers sentfar across the sea can have no addedvalue to the advertiser.These facts are stated so that everycontributor may feel that every centcontributed goes to the good cause.The mothers of our boys are facingan ordeal with a bravery that commands respect and admiration. Hereand there where tiny stars are turnedfrom blue to gold, where anguish gripsthe heart, the nation stands in silenceand honors the women who have givenof their blood, the very bone of theiibone, to their country. To them, homehas lost Its meaning the soul of Ithas fle! there Is no home, It is Just aplace, and no place is quite so lonely,unless it be within the hearts of thosebrave sons in far off France who longfer Just a wrd of home. There cannot be a man, there cannot be 'a woman, no, not even a child, who willfail to contribute just a little to makthe hearts of these patriots lighterNot ok. Not In our town.$THE BOURDON NEWS,SKXSJSo"TTff-Tv c?tfe,V3,rrs'sf5tvSEVEN WAR WORKRELIEF AGENCIESJOIN IN DRIVERecognized Great OrganizationsRepresenting nAil Creedt;,ndElements Welded Into One.$170,500,000 Is THE GOALPlan of War Department to AvoidWaste of Energy and Duplicationof Effort Enthusiastically Adopt.ed and Unity Is Achieved.WHAT GENERAL 5PERSHING NEEDS" Give me nine ment who have a hut and I fenjj will have a more ef fee-tive fighting force thanto if I had ten men with-5 out ittoto&"General Pershing.fentotototototototototoOn November 11 the American people will start a one week's drive toraise the largest amount of moneyever given outright by any people inthe history of the world.The drive will be a new thing underthe sun. For the first time Protestants, Catholics and Jews, forgettingall their differences, will line up shoulder to shoulder, welding their individual organizations together In theircommon devotion to the boys ln hecantonments and over there. Thisamalgamation of the seven great agen"brought about by yj war and underjjne wise guidance oi rrjeBiaent wiison.The seven organ ttations which tOgether wll makTe this united, appeoaje the, Y. M. C. A., Y, w 5. , National Catholic War Council and K.of C, the Jewish Welfare Board, theWar Camp Community Service, theAmerican Library. Association and theSalvation Army. Each or them willneed funds this Fall j each had planneda separate campaign for supportNow, acting on the suggestion of thePresident's letter of September 3, theseven campaigns will be rolled intoone. The American people will bespared the burden of seven separateappeals, and the nation will have anopportunity to demonstrate splendidlythat men and women of all creeds athome can work together, as men ofall creeds over there are fighting anddying together.Dr. John B, Mott, whom PresidentWilson has spoken of as one of theabtest and most useful men of his generation, has been selected DirectorGeneral of the drive. It Is interestingto note that Dr. Motf s name, wasplaced in nomination by John G. Agarof the National Catholic War Counciland seconded by Mortimer L. Scfclff oftbm Jewish Welfare Board, tffeft general committer having the campaignIn charge contains such well knownnames as Raymond B. Tosdlck, Chairman of the OomtnlMkxi on TrainingCamp Activities; George W. Parkins,Chairman of the Finance Committeeof the U. S. Steel Corporation; JamesF. Phelan of Hornblower and Weeks ;Honorable Myron T. Herrlck, formerambassador to France; Cleveland H.Dodge, George Gordon Battle, Mrs.Henry P. Davison and Frank A. Vanderlip, president of the National CityBank.In every city, county and town thecampaign will be in charge of the biggest men of the community.Together these seven organizationsrepresent a work that is staggering InIts proportions. They have more than15,000 uniformed workers, standingshoulder to shoulder with the boys every step of the way from home to thefront line trenches. They operate morethan 3,600 buildings and ship 500 tonsof supplies to the boys In France every week. Fifteen miles of film setsail for the other side each week under their direction, and the regularweekly attendance of soldiers and sailors at their motion picture shows ismore than 2,500,000. The Bibles furnished to the boys since the war brokeout would, if piled one on another,make a pile more than twenty mileshigh."Morale," said Napoleon, ta as other factors in war as three to one." Bywhich he meant that one man who iskept contented and happy Is betterthan three men who are discouragedand homesick. It is the business ofthese seven great agencies to helpmaintain morale. They are keepingup the fine fighting edge of our boys,and by their ministrations, helping toput added power Into our army andnavy and so hasten the hour of victorywhen they will bring our boys homeagain.It is predicted by national leadersthe this great victory drive will "goever the top" in a larger way'than anycampaign that has preceded it.1 ,. ''--. .' . - ' -v,cies engaged in war work, isflAf i thefln"8 dyopmeBls which have BSSlTPARIS, KY.7XJ ....,f r " " p-WAinto-A S0HG..'Wanted-avsprig;, ; must' haveplenty of pep arid ginger. WH1 besung all over the Central Army Departihent during , th United StatesWar jWbrk -Campaign drive."This is the .announcement that hasstarted all musically inclined Kentuckians to whistling and hummingover words in' an effort to win theprize offered for the best song contributed in the fourteen States comprising the Central Army Department Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana,Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota,South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas andColorado.The United War Work Campaign,is to be carried on by seven agencies,the Y. M. C. A., ,the Y. W. C. A., theNational Catholic War Council, theJewish Welf are Board, the AjmericanLibrary Association, tne War CampCommunity Service and the Salvation Army. The song must containthe idea- of the unity with which thiswork is being carried out by the combined forces of. Protestants and Catholics, Jews and Gentiles, whites andblacks. Moreover, it must be full ofspirit and dash for it will be sung inparades, in theatres, churches, schoolhouses, at all public gatherings wherepeople are gathered for the purposeof pushing the big drive. It mustalso carry the fact that the moneyraised during tHe campaign is to beused for the comfort and morale ofall our boys with the colors, bothhere and overseas, and on the seas.The best song in Kentucky will bedecided by a cqmmittee of prominentpeople and the State winner's contribution will be sent to the departmentheadquarters in Chicago wherejudges of national fame will decidethe contest. Among these judges willbe Fred Stone, of "Jack O' Lantern,"and Harry Fox, of "Oh, Look." Thepublishing house of Jerome H. Remick will distribute the song all overthe Central Department, issuing asmany copies as are wanted. Thehouse will also give a royalty to thewriter o-n all copies sold after thecampaign is over. In addition, thewinner will receive a gold medalfrom the United War Work Campaign. The following instructions must becarefully followed out: The songpnust contain not more than two verses and a chorus. All contributionsshould be sent to "Song Contest,"State Campaign Headquarters, United War Work Campaign, 643 SouthFourth street, Louisville, JKy. Onecopy should contain no name or ad-,dress. Another copy, having thename and address should be enclosedin a sealed envelope. Stamps shouldbe enclosed if it is desired that thecopy do retUrft'ed,'Amateurs an'd nrotSssionals areurged to contribute. The contest ison now and will close Oct. 15. Allcontributions must be in before thatdate.fcS 151 ISMOTHER! Y0UH CHILDIS CROSS, FEVERISH,FROM CONSTIPATIONIf Tongue Is Coated, Breath. Bad,;. iStomach Sour, Clean Liverand Bowels.Give "California Syrup of Figs" atonce a teaspooniui to-uay oiiensaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is out of sorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally look, mother! seeif tongue is coated. This is a suresign that its little stomach, liverbowels are clogged with waste.When cross, irritable, feverish, stomach sour, breath bad or has stomachache, diarrhoea, sore throat, full ofcold, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated poison, undigested food and sour bile gentlymoves out of its little bowels withoutgriping, and you have a well, playfulchild again.Mothers can rest easy after givingthis harmless "fruit laxative," because it never fails to cleanse the little one's liver and bowels andsweeten the stomach and they dearlylove its pleasant taste. Full directions for babies, children of all agesand for grown-ups printed on eachbottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrup.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs;" then seethat is it made by the "'CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." (adv)9S 1E3 ISGERMAN SPORT: KILLING D0CI TORS.In this war the wounded are notobjects of pity to the enemy, but future fighting men; doctors and nurses are no longer ministers of mercy,but conservers of the battle strengthof the enemy.The German General Staff, withthat strange, remorseless, inhumanlogic which has made the Germanpsychology a puzzle and a horror tothe civilized world, has refused torecognize the age-old immunities ofthe profession of the art of healing,aad has announced that one doctoris to be regarded as the equivalentof 500 soldiers, and one stretcherbearer as the equal of eight, andhave instructed their gunners, snipers and airmen to "fire one warningshot and then vigorously engagethem at once." Dr. Woods Hutchinson, in the October Red CrossMagazine.SINCERE GRATITUDE' Mrs. William , -Bell, Logansport,Ind., writes:' "I deem itmy duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."' (adv-oct)J Men can say all tjiey want toagainst flattery, but we'ye neverknown one who didn't like his fullshare of it.3 pBfi PB1 W5There is apt to be a bitter taste inadman's mouth after he-is force,d .toeat his ..own words - . -,&;&It is Time JTo Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterISYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYTOFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELA1NDTRACTORIf yon are interested in foetter andmore economical farming, come inand Bee "what this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGEGor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.j! i..?i0od m??in?ss Practice demands the prompt paymentOf bills. This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government. There fs apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerSend. That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right pricesTUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, ISli.SCARCETHEW. H. CAHNOff.Local ManagerJV flr " ,TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1918.-?"!THE BOTOBOH MEWS, PABIS, K?NTircrT.nifTjSi!page am4.MSAr.W JWX. .TThe First1 he FirstGaveX t v& FS ? fsoWritesnf TW. Vannnrn. P.nclnoor flR.& L Ry-, 17 Highland St, GrandRapids, Mich.COURT Or. APPEALS DECIDESHEALTH BOARD CASEThe old State Board of Health wonFriday in the Court of Appeals inthe suit of John G. South and others,numbers of the old board, against C.jj. Fish and others, members of theaew Board of Health. The FranklinCircuit Court had granted an injunction in favor of the old boardrestraining the new board appointedduring the summer by GovernorStanley from assuming the duties ofth.e office and the Court of Appealsoverruled the motion to dissolve thisinjunction.The suit to test the validity of subsection 20 of section 2061 of the Kentacky Statutes as amended by an actof the Legislature in 1918. DoctorSouth and the members of the oldhoard contended that this section isinvalid, violating section 51 of theConstitution as the title to the actdoes not refer to the subject matterof this section.The effect of the decision of theCourt of Appeals will leave the affairshands of the old board with Dr. J. N.McCormick, of Bowling Green, secretary. Dr. W. L. Heizer, of Bowling Green, former secretary of theKentucky Tuberculosis Cojmmission,Trfio had been selected secretary ofPIMPLY? WELL, DON'T BE!People Notice It Drive Them Offwith Dr. Edwards'Olive TabletsA pimply face will not embarrass youmuch longer if you get a package of Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin shouldbegin to clear after you have taken thetablets a few nights.Cleanse the blood, the bowels and the liverwith Dr. Edwards' Olive.TaWets; the successful substitute for calomel; there's neverany sickness or pain after taking them.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets do .thatwhich calomel does, and just as effectively,Imt their action is gentle and safe insteadof severe and irritating. .No one who takes Olive: Tablets isever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"a bad breath, a dull, listless,"no-good"feeling, constipation, torpid liver, baddisposition or pimply face.Dr.-Edwards' Olive Tablets area purely vegetable compound mixedwith olive oil; you will know themby theif olive color.Dr. Edwards spent years among patients afflicted with fiver and bowelcomplaints, and Olive Tablets are theimmensely effective resultTake one or two nightly for a week.See how much better you feel and look.Ute and 25c per box. All druggists.ThePA.i?$WEL.. Hi afiCommunication Army"A bird's-eye view of the country today,would how a mighty panorama of military and industrial activities.Radiating from the National Capitoland from the army and navy centersthroughout the land would appear the thousandsof telephone lines by which all these vast enterprises are directed and co-ordinated a veritablemaze of wires linking together the camps, yards,fortifications, plants and offices, and swarmingwith linemen, cablemen and installers, busy withUncle Sam's existing and ever-increasing demandsfor telephone service."AH this is but a part of the vast work whichthe Bell system is doing, but among the unforeseen conditions which the war has imposed uponus is- the -necessity of practically suspending thecommercial development of our business..Confronted with an abnormal increase in 'theuse of the telephone and an unprecedented demandfor. new and additional service, we cannot acceptor fill orders except subject .practically to. an indefinite delay. ' This situation is due to the importance of conserving our supplies so that thegovernment's requirements may be promptly metat any time areqveet is made,rM a time Hke -this, we- believe the, public willmppwdats shrank statement of the situation andwiB Join acin our .efforts Jo serve the governmenttatwid-ffletatrjr.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGR APrTCOMPANYIncorporatedK.l)f n -YT AEntirely Free fromCatarrh cf the Stomach"Penina has positively done forme vrkat many doctors failed todo. I have been time and againcompelled to take to my bed fordays. The first bottle of Perunasave relief and v.-hile I alwayskeep it in the house for emergencies, I consider myself entirelyfree from catarrh of the stomek,the trouble from which I suffered for so long before takingthis remedy.'If quid or Tablet FormSold EverywhereAsk Tour Dealerof the State Board of Health in thethe new State Board of Health, is aloser in the legal fight.The other sections of the act providing for the incorporation of theKentucky Tuberculosis Commission,Hotel Inspector Department, and theState Board of Health in one department, were not disturbed by thisdecision of the Court.isa- .m 1BED CROSSES UEGES NECESSITYFOE NURSES.Graduate nurses, undergraduatenurses, nurses' aids, register at oncewith your local Red Cross nursingcommittee for service in the presentepidemic of inuuenza.Volunteer service is greatly desired,but expenses and $75 a month will bepaid to graduate nurses. Expensesand from ?30 to $50 a month is thepay for undergraduates and nursesaids."Above all," advises the Department of Nursing at Lake Division,Red Cross headquarters, "do not goout on this work without a definiteassignment authorized by the department. Adherence to this request willpermit us to know just where ournursing resources -are and will prevent confusion in assignments."& vPROVOST MARSHAL GENERALDEFINES "SLACKEB WEDDINGS." New editions of revised selectiveservice regulations issued by ProvostMarshal General Crowder fix August5 as the date from which draft boardsshall disregard marriages of men whoregistered on September 12 as groundfor exemption. The so-called slackermarriage provision says:"The fact of dependency resultingfrom marriage of a registrant of theclass of Septepiber, 1918, who hasmarried since the date of the introduction in Congress of the act requiring his registration, to-wit, Aug.5, 1918, will be disregarded as aground for deferred classification."The new edition, containing re-drafts, of fc some provisions under thenew man-power law, is issued as 9.guide to all draft boards, and incorporates a number of minor changesin procedure and methods, designedto facilitate their work, as well asprovisions workable.Orders were issued by the ProvostMarshal General to draft boards tocease accepting cards of belated registrants on Monday, thus allowingthe attaching of serial numbers tothe registrants to be completed. Thedate for the order of call drawingcan thus be fixed by Gen. Crowdernext week.imZTiiiSiil1;. ttff 'mULTONIA RACING MEET BEGINSOCTOBER 10..With the clpsing of the DouglasPark meeting at Louisville, JohnHachmeister, to whose progressivepolicies the present prominence ofDouglas Park and Latonia in theAmerican racing fabric is largelydue, has turned his undivided attention- to -preparations for the. Latoniafall season of racing, which is scheduled to, occupy the 21 days fromThursday, October 10, to Saturday,November 2, on which latter date thecuttain will fall on Kentucky racingfor this season. There is every reason for believing that the Latoniameeting is destined to set new records for fall racing in the West, andManager "Hachmeister will devote histalents during the time interveningto arrangements for the successfullaunching of the jmeeting at the Covington track. In a day or two heplans to proceed to Latonia to openhis office there.Racing Secretary Campbell has notyet fully decided the details of theconditions for the $2,000 Gibson Hotel Special and the Sinton HotelSpecial, of equal value, which twovaluable over-night events will berun on the two Ladies' Days of themeeting, Wednesday, October 16, andWednesday, October 23. The formeris to be a race for two-year-olds,while the other is for three-year-oldand over division. The distances andother conditions rejmain. to be settledand Manager Hachmeister invitesthe horsemen interested in these tworaces to present their ideas to Secretary Compbell as, to what may be desirable in connection with the framing of the conditions.SPECIAL COURSE IN SCIENCES ATP. H. S.In the Junior and Senior HighSchool of the Paris City Schools thisyear special training in science willbe offered all students. Two laboratories are being prepared for thework, one for physics and one forchemistry and allied science. Thiswork will be in charge of MissFrances V. Butler, of Kentucky StateUniversity. Miss Butler is now arranging her course and laboratoryschedules, and in a few weeks willhave modern equipment for the different science groups.The problem of producing competent scientific and technical workersin large numbers is imjmediate andpressing. In the near future the needfor such workers will be even greatertjian it, is now. The workers neededinclude: Chemists, physicists, biologists, physicians, surgeons, expertsin sanitation, engineers, and othersin whose training science plays anessential and important part.This demand for scientific workers..cap. be supplied, only through scienceinstruction given to larger numoersof students with more specific applications to the immediate military, industrial social 'and personal needs.Work in science, as in other subjects) should at all tijraes be made tocontribute definitely to one or moreof the following subjects: HealtH'of"the individual arid of the community;command of fundamental processes;worthy home membership ; vocationalguidance and preparation; citizenship in a democracy; worthy use ofleisure; ethical character.In the present emergency, however,we believe that health of the individual and of the community and vocational guidance and, preparationshould be particularly stressed.RV.AT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.In the sale of the Thompson place,near Millersburg, recently made' byMr. D. E. Clarke, .of Millersburg, the310 acres were divided into threetracts as follows: To Lowe Brothers60 acres for $200 per acre; to FrankCaldwell 125 acres for $200 per acre;to Charles Poisal, 125 acres for $185per acre.-Lowe Brothers sold their farm located on the Cynthiana pike, two'miles below Millersburg, containingthirty acres, to- Frank Conway, for$250 per acre.Auctioneer . Geo. D. Speakes, ofParis, conducted a public auctionnear Carlisle, Tuesday, of a 656-acrefarpn belonging to Mr. MichaelO'Connell, of Nicholas county for atotal. of $77,992. The farm was soldin five tracts as follows:. To. Dan Westfall, 340 acres of landat $72 per acre.To N. H. Rankin, 52 acres of landat $146 per acre.To Claude Hamilton, 60 acres ofland for $107 per acre.To Mr. Boone, 100 acres of landfor $191.50 per acre.To Mr. Harry L. Mitchell, of Paris,104 acres of land at $195 per acre.Mr. Charles E. Butler has sold hisfarm of 260 acres located at Richwood, in Boone county, at a largeadvance over the original purchaseprice. Mr. Butler also sold his stock,crops, farming implements, eac, tothe purchaser, who was given immediate possession. Mr. Butler will return to Paris to reside in the future.IBB fe !sGOOD MAN FOR PLACE.Col. W. P. Walton, of Lexington,has-been chosen chairman of thepublicity bureau for the DemocraticCampaign Committee and is incharge at Democratic headquartersat the.Seelbach in Louisville. ThatCol. Walton will fill the bill admirably, none who know the well-knownnewspaper man and splendid Democrat will for an instant doubt. Hisstrong articles are already appearingin the various Democratic newspapers of the State, as those who knowthe earmarks of the forceful writerlcan easily discern.Thoughts Mightier Than Arm tee.Ideas go booming through the worldlouder than camion. Thoughts aremightier tnta-armies. Principles haveachieved more victories than horsemen or chariots. Rev. Dr. W. M. Paxton. If "people believed the good tht issaid of others as readily as, they dothe bad it would be a better world.'FUIiEET OF WAR BOARD'S, 0R-IaERiA&TO FREE PAPERSr- .The orders issued by Mr, T. E. Donnelley, . chief of the pulp and papersection of the .war industries board,as printed originally are as follows:To the Publishers of Country WeeklyNewspapers:The priorities board of the war inJdustries board has listed paper millsasan essential.industry, and has ratedthem, in fourth class for priority forcoal, on the distinct understandingthat the greatest possible economy inthe use of paper be exercised, andthat the, reduction in the use of paperby the newspapers shall be 15 per"cent.Each paper mill, will be put upon;me .priority list lor coai, conditionalupon their signing a pledge that theyivvill furnish no paper to any consumer who will not also sign a pledge induplicate that he will exercise thegreatest possible economy in the useof paper, and will observe all rulesand regulations of the conservationdivision and of the pulp and papersection of the war industries board.These pledges are now being preparedand will be furnished shortly. Onecopy will be left on file with the milland the other will be sent to this office. The war committee of weekly newspaper publishers feels that the neces-!sary saving of 15 per cent shouldcome out of the industry as a whole,and in order to accomplish this purpose, made the following suggestions, which were accepted by thejpulp and paper section of the war industries board and are effective asof .September 1, 1918:Each publisher shall eliminate thef ollowingysrasteful practices.If for anyreason a puDiisner aesires to continueany of these practices, he. must adoptsome other method to "accomplish atleast a 15 per cent reduction in paperused. If by November 1, 1918, asaving of 15 per cent has not beenmade in the industry as a whole,the matter will be reviewed by thepulp and paper section and furthercurtailment will be necessary.1. No publisher of a weekly,semiweekly, or .triweekly newspapershall use in its production any paperexcept newsprint, and of a weighton the basis of not heavier than 30x44 501b. (basis, 24x3632 lb.)All stocks now on hand may beused whether newsprint, machinefinished, or sized and supercalendared,and regardless of weight.2. No publisher may continue subscriptions after three months afterdate of expiration, unless subscriptions are renewed and paid for.-3. No publisher may give freecopies of his, paper; except for actualservice rendered; except to camplibraries tand. huts or canteens of organizations recognized by the government, such as the Red Cross, Y. M.C. ,A or K. of C; except to thelibrary of congress, and other libraries which will . agree to bind forpermanent keeping; except to government departmental libraries whichuse publications in their work; andexcept for similar reasons.4. No publisher shall give freecopies to advertisers, except notmore than one copy each for checking 'purposes.13. No publisher shall accept thereturn of unsold copies from newsdealers.6. No publisher shall print extracopies, for stimulating advertising orsubscriptions, or for any use otherthan those specified in these regulations, except not to exceed 1 percent of his circulation with a minimum of 10 copies.7. No publisher shall send freecopies, in exchange for other publications, except to such other publications as are printed within thecounty, or within a radius of 40miles from his point of publication.8. No publisher shall sell his publication at an exceedingly low ornominal subscription price.9. No publisher shall sell his publication to anyone below the published subscription price.10. No publisher shall offerpremiums with his publication unlessa price is put upon the premium forsale separately, and the combinedprice is at least 75 per cent of thesum. of the individual prices.'IT. - No publisher shall conductvoting pr other contests for the .purpose, of obtaining subscriptions; subscriptions obtained in this way willnot be considered bona fide subscriptions. 12. No publisher may issue holiday,, industrial or other special editions. 13. Publishers shall, so far aspossible procure .paper and all" othermaterials from the nearest availablesource of supply, provided it is consistent wixn price, quality ana service. 14. Publishers of papers of morethan 8 pages in size' will reduce thepages in. excess of 8 pages 25 percent. This reduction shall be anaverage reduction over one month'speriod.,15. A publisher of a 4 or 8 pagepaper will be considered to have fulfilled the requirements of this orderif he immediately puts into effectparagraphs 1 to 13 inclusive, and inaddition thereto reduces to the lowestpossible point all press room waste.No newspaper may be establishedduring the period of the war, exceptthose for which arrangements hadbeen made and plants purchased previous to the issuing of this order, orunless it can be shown" that a newnewspaper is a necessity.A sworn statement will be requiredfrom each publisher on November 1as to how many of, these rules havebeen put into effect by him, andwnat results m the matter of reducmg paper consumption have been ob-Luiueu.Yours very truly,THOMAS E. PONNELLEY,Chief Pulp and Paper Section.August 22, 1918.A teBRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, -Rockfield,Ind., states: "For an attack .ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, the onlything that gives ne: relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears?(adv-oct)(Wash the Woolen SocksYou Knit with GrandmaGRANDMA'S Powdered SoapYour Grocer Has It! -BourbonDAVIS & FUNK; ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetrm pKyjr3jr -jlrfei-l?!?HiPSiv.swaffgj--The Bourbon LaundryParis, KentuckyA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2;:iKSXW,FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299 ,Corner fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KCAHAL BROS.BAKBEK SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSDoYou NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scientificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommendglasses unless"you need them. Askyoprself these questions: "Do I haveheadiaches, nervous spells,drawntired' eyefc? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer rf airly. and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedly(daxjby day will,brea down the. delicate nerves anu muscies or tne eyesjana irreparu,me injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm: Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National vBnkfBoth Phones, Pri, Ky.?& -$ t-Cold WaterSure, you can use GRANDMA in cold water. Cold, ,,hot, hard, or, soft waterIt's all the same to GRANDMA. She -wades right inand produces wonderful cleansingsuds suds that just drive the dirtout suds that make ti?e clothescome out gloriously fragrant, sweetand fresh. GRANDMA saves time,, .work and soap, too.It's Powdered, No more slicing orchipping of bar soap. Measure outjust what you need, no more.GRANDMA is safe for your finest -shirtwaistIt can't harm anything.Laundry IXIKIIKIvaIIII'A1i' " 'SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improve-mflnta in loi-irf?ir OTvrlioaei? tJSzf" and expert helpers we areJ. prcptixeu tu uu wuris. uiie-nor to none, ana solicitvnnr "nafrrnnncrp.'may both derive saiisfactign..by having: their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, ibconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.DAVISIiXIBRIGHTEREVENINGSNothing adds to the nleasuresJ of a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlG&tMGt'tlTor i0bti0'.txi it.. .. "Jt s ine omy SaUSiaCtOry Way.2se SasTor gating and CoofciiiaItrs therorily sensible plan. .Let Us Fix Yea UpFer the Use ef leth-Electricity a Gas.fj mm Jjf .-fyF ii-i aMMSaLParis Gas & Electric C(InooreoratMOyr.&mot maxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KT.tt6e3e0ly; bcrroBER-sisisrf;vvfm-1-If1fwri. i iMLtERSBUBG0.- 7"Mrs- - bailey is, improving' "as Veil as can be expected" '.t Millersburg- was-well Irepreserit-ed at the X.exington trots 'during- the'ast week. -i.i." . ;V Rev. and Mrs. J. W. Gardner rei turned Saturday after -a two-weeks',. visit to relatives at Somerset- .. ' '. , Quite a number of our .citizens...viewed exhibits on the War Trophy-Train at Fans and Carlisle Friday."j--Mrs. Earl Barton has" returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Overby, in Flemingsburg.: .-i Mrs. C. C. Chanslor 'arid son,Master J. R. Chanslor, left Fridayfor a visit to her mother, Mrs."Wright, and family, at Maysville.' Mother's Day was observed atthe" "Graded School, Friday afternoon.A delightful program, consisting ofreadiugs and choruses was renderedJby the student body., . Ir. W. M. Mille.r entertainediis, immediate family with a diningSunday, the occasion being his birthSky. His sister, Miss Mary Miller,of Atlanta, Ga., and brother, Mr.Raymond Miller, of Pueblo, Col.,were present.Mr. W. A. Butler left Friday for.a few days' visit to his aunt. MissJulia Howe, at Covington. He returned Monday, accompanied by hiswife and little son, who have been inthe Howe hone for the past twoweeks.J Mr. E. T. Sheeler, while usingitlsrsawing machine at the home oft Mr.' W. W. Shannon, Thursday af ter-'noon, cut off one funger and badlylacerated the thumb of the righthand. He is doing as nicely as could"""Tfe expected. Sheeler was- finishingup his work preparatory to going toSouIi Carolina, Sunday, ' ..where heviad accepted a position under thegov-erajment cantonment work.. -S-The following Elders and Deacons ' were elected at the Christianchurch Sunday morning: Elders-1Fletcher Maffett, Dr. H. M. Boxleyand Amos Stamper; Deacons K. E.Burroughs, Jas. B. Cray, Robt L.Tare. C. H. Jones, G. W. Bramblette,E. M. Ingels, T. D. Judy and W, A.Sutler. The officers retiring were R.L, Wilson, G. W. Judy and J. H. Burroughs. ' At the luncheon given here byMrs. J. Elgin Poole, the guests weregreatly surprised when the hostess,in a short, but charming speech!,frnade Jormal announcement of the engagement of Mrs. Lucia Butler andRev. Sydney Venable, both of Millersburg. The wedding will takeplace in the early fall. Miss Butleris a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JamesButler, and a highly accomplishedyoung woman. Rev. Venable is aneloquent young minister of the Presbyterian church, at present incharge of a congregation in Virginia.He is a son of Rev. and Mrs. A. S.Venable, formerly of Millersburg.The Belgian Relief Committeesecured a large number of articles.Friday, which will "be sent in the nearfuture. On Saturday afternoon asale was conducted in the Park oythe same committee, consisting of apples, pears, beans, potatoes, sweetpotatoes, squashes, pumpkins, onions, 'corn, flowers, preserves, cannedfruits, walnuts, eggs, dressed chickens, butter, tomatoes, pickles andcttsup, and a calf. The calf was donated by Mr. G. E. Reynolds, andwas purchased by Mr. D. E. Clarkeat a handsome price. A handsome-supi'was realized, which is also to goto the Belgian relief. An addresswas made at the opening of the meeting-byMrrO. E. Hurst. It was brief, and to the point and pointed outmost forcibly many of the "needs ofBelgium. Mr. W. D. Mclntyre acteds auctioneer. Many of the articleswere, purchased and then resold,which, largely augmented, the sum.The sale closed with a lot of secondli&ad clothing, which was largely1purchased by the colored people andagain ordered resold by them. Theydid their part nobly and contributedmuch, to the cause.B-4 FIREEnsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBEG TOBACCO BARN BURNS; NOINSURANCE CARRIED,'The large tobacco barn of HendenBrothers, at Kirkville, Madison county, containing 12,000 pounds of extra, good tobacco, burned, entailing aloss of $8,000. There was no insurance either upon the barn or thetob?tcco.Firt, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas Woodford & Bryan.BSKS TO CLOSE ON SATURDAY,OCTOBER 12.14 compliance with a request fromPresident Wilson and the Americanand Italian Commissioners, all thebanks in the country will be closedon. mext Saturday, Oct. 12. This willhe "Columbus Day," commejmoratingthe discovery of our land in 1492 byChristopher Columbus, a native ofItaly.The Paris banks will be closed onthat day, and have requested THENEWS to give publicity to that fact.Get. your checks cashed on Friday,go as not to be caught napping. Theday will be appropriately observedJiere with a patriotic program. Don'tforget though, the banks will beclosed on that day. Make your financial arrangements accordingly.Aw,ise man does a great deal ofsifoat thinking and a fool man does agreat deal of thoughtless talking-..' ',HUDDLESTON.The supreme sacrifice is not always made on the battlefield,-andheroes have been kndwn to- live anddie in other places than the sanguinary', or "along the firing linewhere' the hot breath of war. scorchesand sears hunianity. , It has fallen tothe fate-of a Bourbon county ooy,Sergeant William Allen Huddleston,to give up his life after a futile struggle in an army camp hospital.' News was received here some daysago to the effect that Sergeant Huddleston. was '"seriously ill with pneumonia-in -the base hospital at CampZachary Taylor, where he had beenstationed for several months. Hismother, Mrs. Mozelle Huddleston, andhis sister, Miss Madeline 'Huddleston,immediately motored to the cajmp,where they found Sergt. Huddlestonin a critical condition. They remained with him until the end came at anearly hour Saturday morning. Thebody was brought to his late homeon Stoner avenue, in this city Sunday. Sergt. Huddleston was a former attache of THE NEWS, having at onetime been one of the efficient carriersof this paper. He later went into therailroad business and was flagman onone of the through trains runningfrqm Cincinnati to Knoxville, Tenn.He enlisted in the infantry service,and was sent to Camp Zachery Taylor, where he made a good record asa soldier. On many of his vacationtrips to Paris he. always referred withpride to the fact that he was in the iservice. Although his mother was awidow, who depended, to a large extent, on him for support, neither heor his mother. asked for deferredclassification, being too patriotic toplace self-interest above service totheir country.The funeral was held at the familyhome, on Stoner avenue, yesterdayafternoon' at three o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. George H.Harris, of Versailles, former rector ofSt. Peter's Episcopal church in thiscity. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery. Atthe grave additional services wereheld. As the casket was lowered intothe grave "taps" were sounded bythe buglers of the Boy Scouts. Thefuneral procession was headed by aguard of honor cojmposed of the BoyScouts, members of the A. T. S. C.coips from Camp Buell, Lexington,and the Liberty Drum and BugleCorps. Along the line blinds of business houses were drawn as a markof respect. The pall-bearers at thefuneral were Ben Parker, George M.Kiser, Thos. Kiser, Douglas Thomas,Jr., J. T. Tucker and Robt. Manwaring. Sergt. Huddleston was a son of thelate Mr. Louis Huddleston, who wasfor many years associated in the carriage business in Paris with Mr. JohnW. Holiday. His mother, Mrs. Mozelle Huddleston, and two sisters,Miss Madeline Huddleston, of thiscity, and Mrs. Elizabeth Smith, ofRush, Colo., survive him, also anaunt, Mrs. Edward Caldwell, of Paris.BOARDMAN.Following an illness of only afew hours, Mr. J. U. Boardman,, agedabout sixty, one of the best-knownbusiness men of Paris, died at hishome on Seventh street, Fridaymorning.Mr. Boardman about eight o'clockFriday morning went to the pasturewhere his cows were being milked,and while watching the men at work,suffered a stroks of apoplexy, fallingto the ground in a semi-unconsciouscondition. The men rushed to hisaid and summoning a conveyance hewas removed to his home. Medicalaid was hastily summoned, and everything was done to relieve him, butto no avail. Death ensued in an hourafter he had been brought ho,me.Mr. Boardman was z. native ofBourbon county, having been bornnear Little Rock. He spent his earlyyears on the old home place, movingto Paris when a comparatively youngman. For several years he conducteda livery business on Bank Row, latermoving to the stand at the corner ofMain and Second street. He retiredfrom this business, and engaged inthe dairy business, which he wasoperating at the time of his death.Mr. Boardman is survived by hiswife, two daughters, Mrs. LouisEarlywine, of Chicago, and Mrs. Geo.Wyatt, Jr., of Ruddles Mills; one son,Mr. C. Offutt Boardman, of Chicago;his mother, Mrs. Minerva Boardman,of this county, now in her eightyeighth year, and the following brothers and sisters: Richard Boardpianand Mrs. P. L. McClure, of Plum;Elmer Boardman, of Little Rock; Jno.Boardman, of ML Sterling, and Mrs.Henry Ewing, of Carlisle.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at the residence,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church. The burial followed inthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers were: W. F. Talbott, Thos. T. Taul, Dr. W. C.ussery, unas. Lancaster, John Ireland, H. A. Power.SPEARS.The body of Mrs. Helen Spears,aged about seventy-five who died ather home in Chattanooga, Tenn., Saturday, after a short illness, will arrive in Paris -to-day. Funeral services were held at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. T. C. Lattimore, inChattanooga, yesterday. The bodywill be taken to the Paris Cemetery,where a short service will be held atthe grave by Rev. W. B. Ellis.The pall-bearers will be: Messrs.Woodford Spears, Benj. Spears, JohnSpears, Jas. Daughertv. Garrett.Daughter and Chas. Stephens.Before her marriage Mrs. Spearswas Miss Helen Williapng, a sister ofCapt Sam Williams, who will be remembered by the older citizens ofParis as associate editor of the oldParis True Kentuckian, and duringthe latter years of his life editor ofthe SfcrLouis Poet-Dianatch. She trthe widow of the late Mr. W wSpears, who was for many years engaged m tne coal,jrrain nri . AnA,j0-- -. -"--meiibusiness in .Paris, and residing on Ml.Airy. - She is survived by six children,'Mrs. T. C. Lattimore, Miss Ida Spears,Mrs. Mary Powell, 'Miss Ella Spearsand William E. Spears, all of Chat-,tanooga, Tenn., and Mrs. X- wt EBayleyof Louisville. t .POWELL. i-7-The funeral of Mrs. TinnieFrjtts Powell, wife of Mr. C. C. Ppwell, who died at the hqine of, her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E, Clark FrittslinLexington.was held at the familyhome in that city yesterday morningat ten o'clock, with services conducted by Rev., J. M. Walker. The bodywas brought to Paris over the interurban and interred in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were W. S.Bacon, Thos. Edister, Louis Young,H. H. Jones, Bruce Jones ana E. E.West.Mrs. Powell was a native of thiscounty, having been born at the oidCoulthard home, 'near Paris. Herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Clark Fritts,resided here for several years. Sheis survived by her husband, Mr. C. C.Powell; an eleven-months-old babe;her parents, Mr. and Mrs. ClarkFritts, and one brother, Mr. Coulthard Fritts, who is stationed in tbjeaviation service at Rochester, NewYork. JMYNES. !Mrs. Sarah E. Mynes, aged sixtyone, a former resident of Paris, diedat her home, No. 767 Maple avenue;in Lexington, Saturday, after an illness of about ten weeks. The funera!lwas held in the Chapel of the Lexing1-ton Cemetery, Sunday morning at teijio'clock, with services conducted byRev. F. T. Mclntyre. The burial foljlowed in the Lexington Cemetery. "Mrs. Mynes was the mother of MrThos. C. Mynes, formerly a memberof the Paris police force and guardat the County Workhouse, who nowresides in Worthville, Ky. Besides,Mr. Thos. Mynes she leaves two othersons, Joseph A. Mynes and John WJMynes, and four daughters, Mrs. S.jF. Coulthard, Mrs. Ora Speakes, Mrs.Ray Devore and Miss Elise V.jMynes. three brothers, John. James;and Martin Wells, and one sister,!Mrs. John Hudnall. ! !CHINN.Harry Chinn, son of Mr. HarveyjChinn, of near Centerville, died atCajmp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, Sunday night, of pneumonia.Young Chinn's illness was of shortduration, a matter of just a few days.He was one of the Bourbon countycontingent which left here sometweeks ago for Camp Taylor. iMr. Chinn, who was apprised of hisson's illness, by a telegram from theicamp authorities, was with him when(the end came. The body will bebrought to his old home for interment. Centerville being about anequal distance f ropn Georgetown, Lexington and Paris, it was not decidedyesterday which point the body willbe shipped.1 Bl V PSCONVENTION OF CHRISTIANCHURCH CLOSES ATRICHMOND,One thousand out-of-town visitorsattended the State Convention of theChristian church which closed atRichmond, Friday night;. Wellknown speakers featured the programevery day. iThe convention elected the follow-;ing officers for the coming year:President, Homer W. Carpenter, ofRichmond; first vice president, J. J.tCastleberry, of Mayfield; second vice,?president, B. R. Jouett, of Winches-ter; secretary and treasurer, H. W.Elliott, of Sulphur; recording secretary, B. W. Trimble, of Mt. SterlingsThe following men were selectedfor the executive compnittee: J. H,jMacNeill, W. H. Smith, G. L. Campbell, R. S. Wilson, A. F. Stahl, EzraL. Gills, E. T. Edmonds, E. B. Bourland and James A. Hulett. yThe music of the convention wasconducted by A. L. Boatright, ofParis. The choir of the local churchgave special anthems and occasionalsolos by visitors made the music a"feature.TO TAX PAYERS,Tax receipts of thecity for 1918 are nowin the hands of CityCollector W. W.Mitch el I at the Farmers & Traders Bank.Call and pay themnowi. B. JANUARY,Mayor.(aug24-tf)1g T&j IggCAMPAIGN TOR TEACHING MATEEIAL STARTED.To prevent a shortage of teachersin the public schools of this StateProfessor I. H. Booth of the EasternNormal School has been designated tocall on the school superintendents insixty-nine counties in Eastern Kentucky and request them to select pupils from the common schools andsend them to the Eastern Normalschools for training. Fear is expressed that there will be a shortageof at least 30 per cent in teachersnext year unless the precautionarymeasures are taken as are suggestedby Professor Booth. He was in conference with Superintendent ofSchools Gilbert recently.m mTAX PAYERS, NOTICE.No matter iff you only paypoll tax, you are required bylaw to report to its. Time isgrowing short for reportingtaxes. Do so NOW and avoidpenalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(oct8-tf) :; 11 J fc i tOne faded rose is better than a'dozen fresh thornsr r ' fThft-wnrlri-ia hut a. vino- rm -Brfevi.lr ...--. - . a ""urlcut their eye teeth.aMATRIMONIAL.4Marriage licenses have beenissued recently .from the omce ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton to thelOW,ins PfJUes Gharle? Williamsand Miss Maytne Laughlin; EzraNoaks and Miss Mayme Ishmael;Wilfred Doyle and Miss BerthaAdams; John Fred Koerb'er and MissBeatrice Lola Cox.BUTLER VENABLE.The engagement has been announced of Miss Lucia Butler, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler andRev. Sidney Venableson of Rev. andMrs. A.'S. Venable, of Millersburg.The marriage will take place at anearly date.THOMSON- BOHON.Paris friends of Miss CatherineThomson, formerly of Paris, have received cards announcing her marriage to Mr. Wm. Cecil Bohon atFranklin, Indiana, on" October 1. Thecards read as follows:"Mr. and Mrs. Edward Gill Breuerannounce the marriage of their nieceMiss Catherine VanArsdell Thomson!toMr. William Cecil Bohonon Tuesday, the first day of October,one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, Franklin, Indiana.""At Homeafter the fifteenth of October,Decatur, Illinois."The bride will be remembered hereas a student and later an assistantat Bourbon College, of which her parents, Prof, and Mrs. M. G. Thomson,were principals. She is an attractiveyoung woman, an accopnplished musician, whose many friends here wishher a long life of unalloyed happiness. GETTING UP IN THE MORNING.Getting up at three o'clock in themorning was the toughest feature ofhis job in France declares Walter C.Plank, a Y. M. C. A. (man who hasjust returned to his home in Jeromeville, O., after ten months' serviceoverseas. From other sources it Islearned that most of the time Plankwas in France he was in "Y" hutsand dugouts under almost incessantshell fire. But he feared.the GermanBig Berthas less than he did his ownBig Ben.7lHow I used to groan when thecall came," says Plank, "because Inever was an early bird by choice.But when I thought of those youngermen soon to come in fropi their longnight of trench duty I jumped outfrom under the covers and into myclothes and by the time they arrivedat the "Y" hut the coffee and chocolate were steaming on the stove."If the American people could seethe satisfaction rendered the fightingmen by this simple service they'd digtwice as deeply into their pocketswhen comes the Noveniber UnitedWar Work Campaign drive."'vNow is the Time!Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes NowIf jIf 'jI JIIn ImmC . islight advance on cost to us. We advise- strongly tobuy now while these shoes last. - .THIS WEEKwe offer the largest and most complete selection of beautiful Fall Shoes at pricesthat can't be duplicated; prices less than they can be made for to-day.Don't Put it Off; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now!Ladies' Mahogany Tan English (c aaBoots, calf tops, at.- .....tpO.UULadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, de CAbest makes, at ..... . .. ..'..' .' tpO.TULadies' Mahogany Tan English CO QCBoots, cloth tops to match, at. .' $0ZJDLadies' Gun Metal English Boots o qmilitary heel, at .....:.....:. .1 p'KLadies' Gun Metal button, do aqlow heel, at .... pfTJSCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN " PRICESDANParis' Greatest Shoe Store;""iiininnnii,,,llltllllll,lMMt.I The J. ToUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.JHHHHUBBBBBBBBBBaZaZaRaBBaBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBaVlllllllWlllHllMllliiiimM,tM,mnjBLAME UNCLE SAM.Don't forget that Uncle Sam hasasked us not to send out papers thatare not -paid for, and we will try todo what our Uncle Sam asks, if it ispossible to do so. So do not thinkhard of us for discontinuing yourpaper if you have failed to renewyour subscription.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of your Jpoliciesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers &STraders BankShoe cost has . greatlyadvanced and soon youwill have to pay muchhigher prices. Our pricesare only so low owing toour system of merchandising buying for cash inunlimited quantities, storing these in our enormouswarehouse and offeringthem to vou at , but aMen's Tan English, Best Makes, a enMen's Dark Tan Eng. Walk-Over fcC CAand other famous makes, special. ..pOOUMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over, o AtEnglish Jpo.4yMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a ming Shoes, heavy flexible soles $4UUBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes frr Afat $$.4&lBOYS' AND GIRLS'COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignI 'Hinton Co.Day phone 36Nhxht .s . . 56or Home 286FISHERMEN MAKING GOOD.Fishermen report the sport as being good in all the streams throughout the county. Many large catcheshave been reported recently. Oneangler came in yesterday with two5-pound black bass, besides severalothers weighing from three to twopounds. Others made catches of newlights and bream of good weights.-0Ulefln Atr I iI.' v. SWtyl&i JJik'. - iWS&t-T?fr-jfate'