l"4""'''f&fe.tftV -V-,-&X''3&Lr" -J J 'nfBJL-. 'Kit?-'UJ.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AltD FRF- LY IN THE YEAR."-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TIES JAY, DECEMBER 31. 1918THEBOURBON NEWS. uk'ii mIJ IRf :'::1 B1 V sCOUNTY COMMITTEES TO AIDSOLDIERS MEMORIAL.Just as the graves of tlie Confederate and the Mexican veterans inthe Paris Cemetery have been marked with appropriate memorial, so willthe mefmory of Bourbon county'sdead in the recently-ended world wared with approprite memorials so willA movement has been inauguratedhere, and has gTown to considerableproportions, to form an associationcomposed of the families and thenear relatives of those Bourbon boywho have given their lives to thecause of Democracy, the principalobject of which is to purchase a lotan the Paris Cemetery. After thepeace articles have been signed andthe bodies of the men who have beenkilled in action "over there" havereturned to their native land, it isproposed that they be interred in onelast resting place and their gravesmarked by an imposing memorial,the nature of which has not been asyet definitely decided. The project?lias met wih unqualified approval ofalmost everyone in tne city andcounty. A fund started for that purpose some time ago has grown tolarge proportions. The originator ofthe project, a man who has himselfsuffered the loss of one dear to himsaid:'I know-it to be a fact that thereare families -in Bourbon county whohave lost a member of their familyin, the war for freedqtn who arefinancially unable to erect over thebody of their loved one a lastingmonument typical of their love anddevotion. It is for those I would liketo see this project brought to a successful conclusion. While my familyand others who have suffered lossmight be able to erect a monumentin their family lot, there are a number who cannot, many of them notbeing even . able to purchase a lot,the consequence being that their soldier dead would have to be in asingle grave, perhaps in-sopie remotecorner of the cemetery, with nothingto show that beneath the mound ofearth reposed, the remains of onewho gave his life for His countryWith the project I have mentioned itwill be possible to give each one oftherave boys who have given theirall equal, recognition, hoth as totheir last resting place and the In-'scription on tfae-m-emorfai.'' --The proposition to erect & fmemo-v.WCM- V. :f--IIA Sincere WishIMAX THE JOT OF HOLIDAY SEASON BE TOURS WITH-pp fOUT MEASURE; AND THE COMING TEAR BE HLLEDWITH PROSPERITY AND HAPPINESS.THE PAST YEAR, THOUGH ONE OP "TRYING TIMES,"TTAS BEEN THE BEST OP OUR BUSINESS CAREER.MAT TOUR TATRONAGE CONTINUE TO ' STIMULATEOTTR GROWTH AND MAT OUR SERVICE ENABLE US TOMERIT IT ALL THE MORETHE A..-I -'I'SSSSlSSSSSSSSSafe ' ' teSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsl -DAUGHTER OF NEW SECRETARYMAY BE CABINET "BUD."Sunday's Louisville Courier-Journal prints a half-tone picture ofMisses Mary Archer Glass and Augusta Glass, daughters of Congressman Carter Glass, of Virginia, thenew Secretary of the Treasury, withthe accompanying note:"Mrs. Carter Glass, . wife of thenew Secretary of the Treasury, andtheir two charming daughters are already well known and well liked inWashington society circles. Miss Augusta Glass, the youngest daughter,probably will have the honor of being presented to society as the Cabinet 'bud' of the season. It is expected that the Glass family willcome to Washington from their homein Lynchburg, Va., next month."ELVOVE'S GREETINGS.We have had a most successfulbusiness during the year just closed.For this we are very thankful tothe general public. We wish eachand every citizen a happy and prosperous New Year.(It) J. ELVOVE.rial to the Bourbon county boys,which began as a private enterprise,has taken on more of a general nature, and with the large fund alreadyin hand, the work will be forwardedby committees who have recentlybeen appointed for that purpose. Ameeting has been called for nextThursday evening at seven o'clock', atthe court house, when arrangementswill be completed for raising the necessary funds. Mr. Silas E. Bedford,of the Deposit and Peoples Bank, willact as Chairman, and will preside atthis meeting. As far as possible"plans will be perfected at this meeting and the amount of money andthe nature of the mepnorial determined upon. All the precinct chairmenand their assistants in the LibertyLoan drives in this county will beexpected to attend the meeting andassist in arranging the .preliminiaries. Below is give a list of the precinctchairmen and their assistants, whoare" asked to be present at the meeting on next --Thursday night, January-t(Continued on Page 2)I"" '?$.XJ. WINTERS CO.,IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Lieut. Rayjmer Jones has receivedhis final discharge . papers from thearmy service, and has returned tohis home at North MiddletowjJiLieut. Jones has been stationed in LSouthern cantonment as instructor..;Corporal Kipnbrough Duvall returned Sunday to his army duties atCamp Dix, in New Jersey, afterspending the Christmas holidays inParis with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.George Duvall, and his sister, Mrs.Wm. C. Potts, on Lilleston avenue.;Welburn Crump, who has been atCamp Knox for several months, is athome on a furlough visit to hismother, Mrs. Carrie Crump. On hisreturn he will go to Russia as a mefmber of the American ExpeditionaryForces.Sello Wollsteln, wlio has been inParis for several days on a furloughas a guest of his parents, Mr. aidMrs. Louis Wollstein, has returnedto the army cantonment at Dover,New Jersey, where he is .engaged inspecial work for the Government.Sello took his Charlie Chaplin mustache with him for company."Able seaman" Jodie W. Davis,who was called home last week bythe illness of his father, Mr. Jos. W.Davis, Sr., has returned to CampLuce, at the Great Lakes NayalTraining Station, near Chicago."Jodie" looked the "typical tar" inhis natty naval uniform and had 'the"sea dog's sea legs" and the "oceanroll" down to perfection.Mrs. A. C. Klump, of near Rud-,dies MUls, is in receipt of a letter.fropn her brother, Private- D. B.Whitson. The letter was writtenfrom Brest, France. Private Whitsonstated that the company of which hewas a member, was in camp atBrest, from where they were expecting 'transportation soon back toAmerica.Wayne Cottingham, ot. Paris, is'spending a-seven days' furlough -withhis mother, Mrs. A. W. Cottingham,and, other -relatives ?and friends inParis. Wayne is stationedin the Finance Oflice of the Quartermaster'sDepartment at Camp Zachary Taylor,with "nothing to do but work, work,work." Wayne describes life incajmp as being "one grand sweet songwith chorus attached, but the songis set to the tune of work, work,work."Wallace Kiser, who was in theAviation service in France 'and Jaterin Germany, and Kenney Ifciser, whowas stationed on a U. S. Ship -idoinlgpatrol duty in European 'waters,:spent the Christmas holidays withtheir parents, Mr. and Mrs. WalkerS. Kiser, near IJaris.- Wallace Kiserhas received an honorable -dischargeand will remain at home.p KenneyKiser, being on furlough,' returnedto his ship Friday. While in theaviation service Wallace KiBer hadsome thrilling experiences.v He was"bomber" on his airplane and helpedto demolish many of the German defenses. When a troop train. filled" with returning soldiers reached Paris, Saturday, a big detachment, comprisingseveral hundred men, were permittedto alight and "stretch" themselvesThe men marched down Pleasantstreet, cheering and singing, "We'reGoing Home" and "Keep The -HomeFires Burning." They turned intoFourth street, and up Main, back tothe Tenth street passenger station,where they entrained for their destination. As the men passed the storof. January & Connell, one of themcalled out, "Say, -what townis this?"Mayor January informed them, andadded, "Yell all you pleasje, boys,we're as glad as you are." Thesoldiers were from Camp Jackson,'' inSouth Carolina, enroute to differentNorthern cantonments for demobili.zation. iPrivate W. B. Laughlin, member ofCompany C, 305th FieldT Signal Ba-talllon, American ExpeditionaryForce, has written to his mother,Mrs. Clay Laughlin, in this city,stating that he is "0. K. andjfeeilogfine.?' He says that at preset lie isbehind the .front line for a rest, andthat he had" not yet been witjHn riflerange of the -enemy. The leittr waswritten before the signing' $f thearmistice. He said that his paainonwas in the air raid severajnightsbefore the letter was written, butthat no one was injured. y.Srvata.Laughlin -expressed the wisfcrjlti 'hisletter that the war would sorin fbe'over, because he did not HJfAsh tospend the winter in France?., Hiswish has been answered, anijrls probiably on his way home no& ' ThisOUR NEW YEAR GREElTINGS"Grateful heart now oyeflowWith the gladness that they know.Love and laughter now surround us;God with victory has crowned us."The white clean sheet for a NewYear will be turned to-morrow, andTHE NEWS wishes that it and allthe years to come after may be freefrom the record of battle disaster,loss and sorrow, which 1918 hasknown, and reconstruction makesuch progress and such successfulstrides that soon the cruel scars willbe obliterated and the world go alonga" sunny track, blithely and unafraid. We have lived through a most wonderful year. We have seen the. climax and the swift dramatic denouement of the mosttremendous of wars. We haveseen our own armies fightingvictoriously on the age-old battleilelds of France. We have gloried inthe defeat of a most audacious attempt to gain the empire of theworld. We have watched throne after throne totter and fall and the oldpolitical add social order of Europecrumble, in the dust. A dozen greatevents, any one of which would makea year memorable have been crowdedInto the last twelve months.With the return of peace and normal business conditions we all haveroom in our hearts for thankfulness.THE NEWS tenders to its friendsand patrons its sincere thanks forgenerous patronge.May you each and everyone beblessed with prosperity in the NewYear of 1919, and smay it prove inevery way a Happy New Year to all.SOAP BARGAIN.Good off-Brand Soap, 5 cents per.cake clean up sale.C. P. -COOK & CO.oARM BROKEN.While descending the steps at herhome in Louisville several days agoMrs. Lee Starke, formerly of Paris,fell, sustaining a compound fractureof the small bone in her right arm.Her mother, Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, ofParis, is now with her. The injurednieniber is improving nicely.I "WE KNOW HOW" T5I-- ""v B1 ;'-.'"- .. : " ' :- 7-.. ""3 .'-."-'' .?' 3' '. -v ' '' . H3 '. u'V" . . ;, -. '" B4 c -.-- c- wya miittttittttifm ... ........... . . -.--. -... ... -.-.-.- i 3.9 .;' --!.:- ;: " : I1 ' l -,,!.- -: ?-;:.'. . .. -s3 " . '; 'i;;-A':vV.-r '' . ' . ! , , ,- ' .- ' "v-V7 '' " . SJ 93 .. , ;-.yv '",'' -- MLa . ' v'77. ' 4.:V'"' "';r". Vv2W-. fc:. -'-- ' '?v.: ;-1 ', ,,, r::7:7;- THANK YOU - r ; 11 .. . f -';; :-Xv, ' .:I WE DESIRE HO EXTEND TO OUR MA2TT.GUST0MERS h. S' ONE AIID Alii OUR SWCERE 4PPRECIATI0jf OF THE ., t: B5 ' 7ERY GENEROUS PATRONAGE WITH WHICH YOU -HAYE V Pl MI PAYORED US THE PAST-YEAS, -WE WISH EVERYBODY A . D' , PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR. .. ' g. B '1 ' '-. .MITCHELL & BLAKEXOIE. ""; B9 . H'1 S . H9 : : xiS 'V. --.- mfl ' -I ':)-: .- ;i ". . ", .v.V.V.Af.--.i.fc-..:Jttri&Aorfe. ' ? mM-8 -v -':w7 '" HMH ' .. f. EH 'ry ' Jlo- -Ji.Jt' ' 2- . - - '. . g i -V ;!" .HHhr- - - . .,.- v " , S ' " -V. -- f r. ' :'-. IIP Hf,9 z iw. 4 -, ..17 ' i4"- 'Sl'-HB-'- : ' '-: :Uv.. w , '.. ':-? Bl1 , v ... ' - - . mmS.." . f v -i. - - - w-.J.. - ' "'f- IkSc5"1"-! N' " . x .-. sa; -mmNOTICE TO RED CROSS WORKERSOF BOURBON COUNTY.National Headquarters asks weannounce to all Chapters a plan lorrecognizing the loyal service givenby the women and men workers ofthe Red Cross. This will be donethrough the issuance of certificates(which carry with them the right topurchase and wear the Red Crossofficial general service insignia. Theinsignia for women workers will bebadge with riggon, bar and safetycatch, and for men, a button to beworn in the coat lapel.Certificates in recognition of loyalservice to the Nation, through theRed Cross, shall be awarded to allpersons who have given regular service during a period of not less thansix months, in which period the actual work done shall be equivalent toat least four days a week, pr approximately 800 Tiours; or for eightmonths of service of not less thanthree days a week; or approximately800 hours; or for twelve months ofservice of not less than two days aweek, or approximately 800 hours;or for eighteen months' serviceamounting to at least 800 hours, etc.In no case shall an award be madeto a worker whose period of enrollment in service has been less thansix consecutive months, and with aminimum of 800 hours or service'.In cojmputing periods of service,only service subsequent to April 6,1917,, shall be considered.Certificates will be awarded irrespective of whether service renderedhave been on a volunteer or paidbasis. ,Any worker, either man or woman,who wish to enter a claim for one ofthese certificates should send theirnames and the number of hours towhich they are entitled to the Chairman, Mrs. John Collins, at Paris,Ky., so their names may be sent tothe Lake Division Headquarters atCleveland. This list must be sent before the first of February, so pleasemake your application before January 25.Work done outside, the workroom,knitting, etc., should jSejgstjraated onthe piece work basis. S", '. '-""o-.It would shock that man who had72 quarts for family use to knowithat some families have been reared'without whisky.POSTOEFICE EMPLOYES BAK-QUET.Covers were laid for twenty-fourpersons, who partook of the hospitality of the- host,. Postmaster J. WalterPayne,, at the: Crosdale Hotel, Priiaynight. The- guests were employes ofthe local postal service. The following menu was served: Fruit sahUUroast Bluegrass turkey, cranberryjely,. light rolls, country ham, beatenbiscuit, creamed potatoes, escallopedoysters, English plupi pudding,marshmallow sauce, tea and coffee.At the close of the supper Postamster Payne was the recipient of anumber of useful gifts from the employes. Mr. Payne accepted tbgifts in a neatly worded speech,, andthanked the boys for their thougfctfuiness.. Those who partook of the evening'senjoyment were Postmaster J. Walter .Payne, Assistant Postmaster Wm.'Cooper, former Assistant PostpiasterCarley Wilmoth, George Howard,Wm. Clarke, Perry McCord, RobertRose, Homer Shy, Louis Megkme,Sam Mastin, Elmer McCord, CletisChipley, Leslie O'Neill, Dory Scott,A. R. Martin, John Spears, RobertKenney, Geo. Harper, Oscar W. Miller, Thos. C. Whaley, Allie Rowlani,Douglas Thomas, Jr., and OllieHedges.REAL ESTATE DEALSMr. Carl Lambert, of Nicholascounty, purchased of Mr. EdsellClarke, the George Redmon faipx onthe Jackstown pike, for $345 anacre, or a total of $69,084. Possession will be given in March. Thofarm contains 202 acres, and is oneof the finest bodies of land in thecounty.Mr. Clarke purchased the farm atpublic sale a short time ago, for$332 an acre, a total of $67,064.In the recent sale Mr. Clarke cleansup a nice little profit on ills investment. Mr. Lambert was the contending bidder for the farm at thesale when Mr. Clarke purchased it.Mr. and Mrs. Riley Martin soldtheir home place, a frame cottage, onVine street, to Mr. Ossian Edwards,of Paris, for a private price. Mr.and Mrs. Martin are now occupyingthe home, which was purchased byMr. Edwards 'as an investment..,''- HMI.' ViH- A' IHKir AflilBVfV"""?"1.fOMfon-?Ptft'r ..'.; ,. --, t:jvj:(,s'v?"ii. aj jii-4.l.'.,.j.lJ .v --Vtv '& V.t' V -J- 'ffv ?&!$' V1 BVjj','.rKV." ftVL-S-.,M... -.i&rM3g!7' v:,SHEr!mmWmTmfmWmTmVmKmmfmfmfmfmr . 1 1 1, 1 ,. .1 .iiiii ... ' ' JP JEMin :. ftw nkW7 tTSj iirri rmtt iiwjv -.i .--to -- .-- "sssssssssssss- & -- v. -jpffigwya feygyju jsr-sr-.'f'r WLGBTWOIDE BOURBON NEWSUaUished 188136 Yetxs of Conturnout PublicationMtfished Erery Tueiday and PridayFar Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$ 1.00Payable in Adavance.IWHT CHAKP, Editox and Owner.ftfetored at the Part, .Kentucky,Heoatofflce as Mall Matter of thaSooood Glass.)Any erroneous reflection upon thetkarotfery standing or reputation otaar ecaon;, nnn -or, corporation whichmA7 appear In the columns ot THEaOTJJtpON NEWS will ba gladly cori tsd if brought to attention of theADVERTISING. RATESDisplay Advertisements, S1.00 perUch lor first time; 0;cents per inchacfi subsequent InsertionsHaifttigNaticea, 10 cants per lineeach issue; reading notices In blacktype, 20r,centsvper line, each issue,i Cards of thanks, calls on candidates obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents jer line.SfeclaL -rates for large advertise-meats ana yeariy comutmjub.The' "right of publisher: is reseivedto dectjnany advertisement or otherutter for publication:Announcements for political officessfrost invariably be accompanied bythe cash:yEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Another Year!, How the years come and vanish!5hen the cHris'tmas Dells haveceasecj their ringing we stand facingthe New Year which comes withjioieless pace out of the future andwe wonder what it will bring x us..We, are certain of one. thing, that inour hands is vested the power tomIie the year one of charactergrxwth.jj Ifttfiexoldyeai;,has broughtto usailures with the n,ew year thetitle may turn. Pailure is sopnetimes;the;step5ing stone to coming success.Tae'jxast is gone, but 'the present' isletus in whigii tpjwjork. ,Wje"must'conjm'er difficulties and not,, let themconquer us, then what was constder--ei'a-possibility may 'become a reality-1 takes what seems muck Jike'drudgery to do anything well. Let usduring the new-born year take alltho'eood that lies within our reach.The beauty-and" .the . glorr pf &e.fmdiLtns.wdrld'-are close at hand, but somesee' nothing but clay. Iet us -hold,fast to duty. This will be of valli?"in the storm or in the sunshine. The- most successful life is the onethathas) done"te mosT'for "his " i eHowjaTan";Happy then is the man who has thatin 'Bis nature that acts on others astheApril sun on violets.Tut days, weeks and years . slip- away like water in a running stream.Ti"s- great clock never loses a mo-Wat. Relentlessly, surely the mo-m4nts pass, and our eager hands arenocHbIeto detain them. We cannotkeep back the flying years, but wecsii 'and should keep the blessingsthisyJL bring.- Hold fast to the lessonsthey have taugh. Keep the memorjkpf their joys. Enrich every dayof life., with the- garnered wealth ofth)lese-?theiE-: treasure fthusTlfouhands -aajdfh"esxt are open to rejesjir them, so as with one hand wefhife farewell to the last year let usstfih out the other hand to warpilyjgeet and welcome the cominghe Boji Are Coming Back."fte boys are copilng back. TheTsaSuard f ourboys from camp andcaiit&nment,: and , from the sea, havearrived, many -more whose faces we"k&ri not seen since they answeredthfei,call of country during the months3Bt passed, arrived during Christmasyrtfgi come back home. From Jcainjpatillfrcp trench, from the bttjeneld,f tota. the scenes of military andnavalopfeations on land and sea they camebS to the homes which they" went'fotth to safe-guard, to protecCio ale,fot f need be. At least one wnom weka!9w will be here bears the freshsm of honorable wounds receivedothe field of battle in combat with'tlis:fenemy. How shall we meet them?' Bbr shall we greet them? duringftf2ths of hard work, during monthsc4&ivathm, during a period inirth their whole pnode of living hasf& re-arranged to conform more tox4ii3pii,mte and second nanas f tueir-mMt watches than to their own will,g months of suffering in nos?-what has been u& IP1sTflminilo vrhaf "h5Hherht thai has solaced aha1 com-and spurred them to noblergreater service and cleanerThe answer can be summeduf3n the little word with the greatLmg, "HOME." And tnat is wnyiy that now the boys are comingi, mothing is too good for them;greet -them and welcome themrarm hearts and hands; let'sHkore than a casual, "Hello, Bill,"$Fom or Dick or Harry. Duringtkjajfr otks of service they hare "kaddsfjiAatalt, vague, idea ofsome outdipfia fstoary wlcoe awaitingf mtmifmmr Tsmm&L , Qe. AeydltffatawturnfigfedeW4fjH-i-amx . fwnr rfr'iwhat forpi .they expected that welcome to be and poesiSl would notadmit having harbof ed'such an idea,but nevertheless they have and let'sthem think, "Now, we're at homeand home is not much out of the ordinary after all."American Highways For To-morrow." The" Department of Agriculture atWashington has ? 7 0,0 00,0 00 to ap-Jportion, unaer me rcuciai juu kfor the building of new highwaysthroughout the. piiited .States duringthe fiscal year that will end nextJuly.Within two days from the signingof the armistice all restrictions withregard to building of new roads wererescinded, and the highway buildersof the nation are gathering in Chicago this month to discuss everyphase of road. building. From a tentative program that has been issuedon behalf f the American A Association of State highway officials andthe Highway Industries Associationit would appear that. highway control is drifting toward federal patronage. Road 'building has taken onnew significance within the past fewyears, and. there is a strong probability that returning soldiers willperform av useful service in demonstrating the value of explosives inroad building. Dynamite has plowedmany new highways in making roadsin France, Belgium and Italy andthe soldiers who learned more of thevalue of explosives in military roadbuilding will not be slow in applyingtheir knowledge in. the making ofnew highways at home. Systematicroad-building must follajjr up the oldmethods, as it has become apparentthat loosely, constructed highwayshave no place in the new scheme ofour national highway. With an increase of. 100 per cent, in the motortruck travel in twenty-four months,and with this means of transportation established as a part of our newnational system, the' State highwayoffiecials are in entire harmony withthe viewpoint of Washington and itsroad builders in the belief that thetime has come when road buildingshould be a profession and a trade.Roads that start and finish accordingto' the selfish plan of political pull arexlue for many severe jolts as the newsystems in Toad building develop.The new" modes of 'transportationaemand trunk highways arid connecting lines to reach all points of population. Rural motor routes are being, established by the Postoffice Department "and through highways connecting every part of 'the country arebeing.planried, which will, make beelinfes for the principal sea-ports.These are not visipns of the futurebut they constitute definite plans ofthe Government that will be put inmotionliuring the coming weekVandHoliday Show Windows. -Though'chifdlsfi things' liaye beenput aside, much of the child remainsIn jnotMUen. The fruit may forgetthe flower and the bud, but neverthless it is part of them, as man isthe sum of all his experiences.At this particular season memoryis ever playing its pranks. AsSchooge looked back Into that bareschoolroom and saw grinning AllBaba peering through the window athim, men everywhere to-day arelooking back at their childhood, theirboyhood, at the tears and smiles ofChrtstmas week. There is somethingin the air that makes one grow reminiscent, to go wool-gathering whilesitting at his desk, to indulge theairiest day, dreams as he waljtsalongopen sessjmof memory.And-what a wonderland is theshow window! He who cannot standlooking at the toys is to be pitied.He has Tost touch with t&e exuberance of youth. He has forgotten, asthe fruit has forgotten, the Joy of thespringtime. Was Paul one' of thistype when he spoke of putting awaychildish things? It he was, howmuch of, the sweetness and light, ofthe worJdvhe missed and how different from him was his Master.Ijook for yourself. See in thatchubby youngster with Bis- faceagainst the window, the boy that wasyou. No fairyland held more attractions The first snow of Christmastoys was bruited abroad as an epochal event. Probably you trudged"through the snow to get a firstKlimpse of all that loveliness.Then years came and with eachsucceeding year a little less enthusiasm7"T5ut the years cannot blot allaway not from the man who stilllikes to gaze into the Christmas showwindows.Cancelled Orders. 'The extent to which the Government is cancelling orders for warmaterials may not be surprising, butit is bringing a lotof heartaches tomanufacturers throughout-jthecoun-l-.w .-.--. -iVi!-ra r.t. Vtt.l. ,? rFtlryrTh'etTnJStates Chamber ofCbmmefcfeds 'entered a formal protest against the manner in which theaxe has fallen upon the necks ofmanufacturers, and the Chamber declared that in its'opinion ..war contracts should not he cancelled untilprovision is Juade for the absorptionof the raw materials."oThe American Red Cross has furnished 325,000 hospital garments forthe French and American hospitalsin France.oThe American Red Cross vcanteenmust stay "over there" umtil the lastl-American fighter is back la jtheTJ.THE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, JCEjiXuCEXTS : mTWijjsusXJOIJNTY COMMITTEETOAID, SOLmWX MJM.K(Continued from Page 1)Paris Precinct No. 1.F. P. Lowry, Chairman.Newton Mitchell, Vice Chairman.John Yerkes.F. P. Lowry.Thos. Kiser.Chas.Stephehs.Harry Kerslake.C. N. Fithiah.F. M. Clay. . tPari Preempt No.. 2.W. G. McClintocTc, .Chairman.H. A. Power, Vice Cfiafithan.Swift' Champ. " 'A. B. Hancock.Janfes JMcClure.W4H. Whitley.,Edward, Pilchard.Rudolph Davis.JT. J. Williams. .E. H. Gorey.W. W. Mitchell.John Menihger.Thos. M Allen.Tilf ord Burnett.Jas.' Connell."W. V. Shaw.Parii Precinct No. 3.J. O. Marshall, Chairman. iD. C, Parrish, Vice Chairman.F. P. JKiser.Dr. H. M. Hamilton. .Denis Dundon.G. W. Stuart. )E. T. Rule."W. O. Hinton.Edward Burke.Frank Skillman.Doug. Thomas, Jr.J. Sims Wilson.Elmer Myers.Paris Precinct No. 4.G. W. Wilder, Chairman.J. J. Grosche, Vicev Chairman.Rev. Father Eugene DdBruyn.R. D. Smith.Judge Ernest Martin.C. P. Cook."F. J. Savage.Wm. Myall.S. H. Stivers. . ,Buckner Woodford.Walter Clark. -;S. Kenney Nichols, yJ. H. Hibler. rWithers Davis..Will S. Arnsparger. y ,Ed. ,BuriiSi ' 'Chas. Green.Paris Precinct No. 5. 'M. J. Lavin, Chairman..'M. P. Collier Vice Chairman.Jas. M. O'Brien. - ""L. D. Harris.Harry Baldwin.Wm. Remington.John F. McCarthy.J. E. Crayen.L. Vanhook.E. H. January.A. B. Lovell.Frank Whjte.Geo. Doyle.Paris Precinct No. 6.R. F. Clendenin, Chairman. .D. S. Henry, Vice C(hairman.Judge George Batterton?J. Will Thomas.W. T. Bryan.C. K. Thomas.t-PHfwJohn L. Soper.John F. Young.J. W. Bacon.L. D. Redmon.Cha3. P. Mann.Hord Mann.Nrth. Middletown. Precinct No. 1.J. T. Collins, Chairman.J. W. Jones, Vice Chairman.H. S. Caywood.C. C. Clarke.W. A. Thomason.C. M. Thomas.E. M. Costello,J. W. Young, Jr.Jrio. J. Redmon.Roy McCray.L. H. Bryan.B. -F. Dalzell.Divis Patrick.L. D. Mitchell.Robtv Gilkey. rNortk MisTsTIetowB Precimct No. 2Charlton Clay, Chairman.Capt.E.sNelson, Vice Chairman.S.. Brooks Clay. tM. HtihieTayne.Minersbnrg Precinct Ne. 1.W.,rD. Mclntyre, Chairman.J. P. Redmon, Vice Chairman.Jos. H. Farris.J. C. McDanie'ls.O. R. Rankin. vC. B. Layson.J. C. Leer,A. T. Moffett. --K. D. Burroughs.H. M. Boxley. t -' "M. D. Hurst. 'Jno. Talbott.MillersBnrg Precinct Ne. 2. 'O. E. Hurst, Chairman. -Sanf ord Allen, Vice Chairman.Lettpn Vimont.Ji T;. Jefferson. -Alex Miller. 'D. E. Clark.A C. Han.R. L. Tarr.Geo. , Stoker. "J.,D. Booth.CKntonville Precincts Nos. 1 and 2.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., Chairman.Jno. Woodford, Vice Chairman.L. K. Rice.Jas. Woodford. .Lee Stephenson.G. K. Jones.Sam Weathers.sGeo. W.. Dawson. r ,Less Hagan. '; - s "Little Rock Precinct Ne 2?'Sam Clay, Chairman. t'-v '-Jas. L. Dodge, Vice Chairman.Louis Taylor. j v v."-Jesse Alverson.dr W: Redmon.0no6. Redmon.T. J. Redmon.Thos. Drennan.H. B. Penn.W. W. Kenney.W. P. Wornall.S. P. Harding.Tollie Young.Fred Fister.Jas. M. Caldwell.Aylette Buckner.A- -,vW. M. Rogers. -Frank Collins. -Hutckisen Precinct Ne 1..Jas. H. Thompson, Chairman. -ttQDi. meteer, .v ice unairman.O. B. UoysI. H -MISSMmHUtVA AID WHSlAM. GREEN JBOLL.Well over a quarter of a. millioncopies have been bought -by thereading public generous recognition, truly, of a book that is whollycharming and delightful. The storyis read and reread, borrowed andlent a dozen readers to a book is asafe estijmate.This is "Miss Minerva's" tenthyear. Each year the sale has grown.'There is a reason for such a record. Out of the well-springs a human interest and understanding andhumor Mrs. Calhoun drew a tale thatthe reader takes back into his ownchildhood and finds genuine.The' comedy of kidhobd picturedwitn a, aeit dul sympameuc nana,and, side by side,, the comedy ofyoung to appreciate "Billy," and Msearnest efforts, to "manage" MissMinerva, spinster aunt who tried tomake, a gin ot mm.Accoramg tat tne newspapers it"thrills' with merriment;" "isdeliciously funny;" !natdral and delightful;" "budding with 'fun;" "full -ofwholesome humor;" ''sunshine andsprites;" "Biliy'is'one long' and joyfulexperience;" "a little book verymuch worth while;" "William GreenHill is the most delightful' small boywho was ever set down in a "book."HOW ONE HONOR MEDAL WASWON.Ethel Lyngberg, 15, who lives inSalt Lake county, Utah', will havepinned on her the four-leaf clovermedal which is awarded members ofboys' and girls' clubs who for fourconsecutive years have done successful wprk in their clubs. In the pastseason, besides attending high school,Ethel plowed 60 acres, and harrowedand leveled it for wheat, alfalfa andbeets, and in season helped her fathercut hay. She also assisted with irrigation, in her father's absence, turning the water on and off alone. Shecanned 665 quarts of fruits and vegetables and dried' many pounds.Meanwhile, she was baking the breadfor the. family. One' hundred chickens grew to maturity during thesummer under her care. In herspare moments, she has knitted socksfor soldiers. When she finishes highschool, Ethel plans to attend a college where she may study agriculture and home economics.oWORLD RELIEF WSgK WILL BEIN JANUARY.Unofficial announcement has beenmade through the U. S. Food Administration that the World Relief Weekwhich was to have been held theweek of December 1-7, will be heldduring the nrst week in January.This is to inaugurate the year's campaign for the conservation of foodin.Ainerica to feed the starving peoples' of "Europe.Special programs with the idea ofpromoting propaganda for greaterconseryation""&re to be held in thechurches", the schools, the lodges andfraternal orgariizationsand all cluSsduring' the first week of January.The chief feature of each programwill be.Jb.e reading of AdministratorHooker's message,, and 'the taking ofthe. pledge' by all persons to conservefood..W'. K, Dudley.JbcrJacoby,JrC'Beatty.HutcliMon Precinct No. 2.Jpjm Id. 'Bfennah, Chairman.W: B?-Ardefy,- Vice Chairman.W. W. HallChaS-White.Matt- Lair.Jno. t BelLTpm.ilifchel.Jno. Wright:Hugh Ferguson.Will .Whaley.D. G. Taylor.CemtcrrilU Frecinct.,No. 1.V. W. Ferguson; Chairman. wG. R. Burberry, Vice Chairman.H. S. May.E. F. Poe.J. N. Kendall.Wm) Sharks." H. H. Chinn.- H. C.r Clifford. ' "V. Wl Ferguson.Jno. Welch.J. L. Leach.Centerville Precinct No. 2.John M. Clay, Chairman.Stanhope Weidemann, Vice Chairman. Jno. M. Leach.Chas.. Cox.J. M. Ward.Ruddles Mills Precinct No. 1..Geo. Current, Chairman.James Fisher, Vice-chairman. vGeo. Wyatt, Jr. .J. C. Howard., Dr. G. L. Rankin., .J. A. Wagner.. RucUIes Mills Precinct No. 2.J. Harry .Holt, Chairman. -Amoff Turney, Jr, Vice Chairman.B. B. Marsh.' Geo.K.,ReHmonTT. 5Talfiotr. LittleAock Precmct Ni. 1., SRayurris, Chamnan,,C. H. DallelU V -CKairman.Rev." Wara?Busselir "' "- B: 'F'Hop,kihs.'' - .. Joe Hopkins.J. E: Bomrdman. , '.Robt Lettqn.- -'BobtParker.v Houston grouch. v lFrank' Clark." vjk! "Tip'Hinklev -, v- ,-R H. "Bulrris. ,F. Fi Btirrii;,Clifto:,GiDr,P.LuW. P. Thomas?- $C. H. Rall -L.M. SttWrt.-F-'K 'CHAMBEfiUkSrS TABLETS. ;When you arectrpublsd withindigestion or constipation, jfake Chamberlain's TabTeTa1. 4They streagthenthe stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indigestion is usually accompanied byconstipation and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentle(movement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition.' ": (adv-jan), oOur observation. is that when ayoung man has' wavy brown hair hismother thinks he should go into somesort of business that doesn't demandhard work. 'And theffunny part oiit is thatsome of the men 'who have quitdrinking during thCiMist.six monthsseem to think they are entitled tosome credit for it.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mesh purse. ' Finder returnto this office and receive reward.Notice to Dog OwnerswThe law requires every person tocall at 1 the office of the CountyClerk, before January It-1919, andpay license tax on all dogs' owned orharbored by him. A tag is furnishedby the Clerk for each dog license.Unless this license is paid by January1, 1919, the owner of; the dog is subject to a fine of not more than $100,or a jail sentence not exceeding threemonths, or both. An unlicensed dogcan also be killed by any one, and itis the duty of the Sheriff to killsame. If you permit a dog on yourplace, that is unlicensed, then youare liable to the fine and imprisonment, whether you own the dog ornot. The amount, of the license taxis $1.00 for the first male dog, $2.00for each other male dog; $2.00Vforthe first fepiale dbg, and ?4.00 foreach other, female dogs. Kindly callat my office before January 1, 193 9,and avoid the penalty provided.PEARCE PAON,.Clerk Bourbon dounty Ckuit.(24-3t)IN-SURAINCE!FIRE-TORNADOWatch for the expiration of your 'policiesand let us have some of your renewalsirmPAt farmers&To Our CustomersMAY THE NEW YEAR EDO) YOU YOUNGER IN SPIRITTHAN pREEEN, GROa.WITCBgASTmWISDOM 'INTO THE TUILEST STATURE OE kNHOOD ; ANTDOWERED THROUGH THE DAYS WITH AN EVER ABUNTXANT PRPERITY.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated.)- IfUINERAL directorMotor EQuipifncntBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NliSHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.;.;GreetingsWe desire to thank, our patrons and the public mgeneral very kindly for the very liberal patronage accorded us during the year just closing, and to say thatthe Government hai lifted the ban on installing telephones and is anxious for us to:serveall who desire ourconnection.Tor terms or other information, drop in our officewrite us a card or call the manager by telephone.Pans Home Telephone. &; Telfrapli Ct.(iBaondrmtad.)iJ. J. TEATCH. ,,-ahoticijaaaacciwt '-- i .i335. -a- -ajxait-:j - x s-.i-iy- - an-.ntmjkt.ft ,..'. - . ii. .jvfcBi.r'fsv.( FOUNDOn 'Tenth street, a rubber hoot(left) with wool-lined moccasin-la-side.Owner can secure same by calling at Wilmoth & Co.'s grocecy,proving property, and pftyiagcharges. (20-tf)IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool: fMUNICH & WIDES Jk CO.', -EighthSt:, Parish Kyi.Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1519,between the hours o'9;a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the SourhonAgriculatural Bank & Trust Co.', ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking- house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of 5 a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmerand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(6-td)AUTOMOBILE HAIL& PEEDTraders Bankv.-TUESDAT, DICEMR 31, !;W. BAVS9KI1X1w..H. cunroM.- -YK --rlACMl4, "isi;l1Ii.-lUtVS.-AjJas. W, -3!5Hett-..u&V7 3Ztti13 :cTOTDBDAY, DECEMBER 31, ISlg.THE BOTOBOH HEWS, PAKS JLmUl'&frf&(?iS34iif 4UP3;STATE BITOIPJII) MAXESIHPLUEirZA JtBSJRT. The State Boara, of Health Hassubmitted the. follpwing report of.w vo,j-ivj wuscu 4jy uie junuenza andpaeumonia iaICentucky during September, October and November. Thefigures given represent the certifiedreturns of deaths. The Board estimates that there were about 1,000deaths not reported, or about 8,000in all.Mortality Report InfluenzaPneumonia from beginning of epidemic to December 1, 1918:All ages, influenza, 5,773; pneumonia, 1,244 total 7,017.TJnder one year, influenza, 351;pnuraoni, 139 total 490.' One to five years, influenza, 840;pneumonia, 210 total 413.Five to ten years, influenza,pneumonia, 86 total 413.Ten to fifteen year, "influenza, 259;pneumonia, 49-total 308.Fifteen to twenty years, influenza,616; pneumonia, 84 total 700.Twenty to thirty years, influenza,1,466; pneumonia, 266 total, 1,732.Thirty to forty years, influenza,1,040; pneumonia, 192 -total, 1,232.Forty to fifty years," influenza, 373;pneumonia, 76 total 452.Fifty tosixty years, influenza, 177;pneumonia, 42 total 219.Over sixty years, influenza, 306;pneumonia, 115 total, 421.September, influenza, 29; pneumonia, 95-total, 124.x; October, influenza. 3,378; pneumonia, 716 total, 4,094.November, influenza, 2,366; pneumonia, 433 total, 2,799.The above figures represent thecertified returns of deaths made officially to the Vital Statistics Bureauof the State Board of Health. Aswill be seen in the total deaths therewere 3,635 between the ages of 20and 60, the productive period of life.When it is realized that these deathsrepresent the heads of homes the bestand most useful cf the communitycitizenry, all trades and professions,or in the words of a prominent insurance official, "The most dependable risks," then do we understandwhat an economic burden this epdidenic has assumed.NFrom a public health standpoint,however, there has evolved one distinct material gain an evolution in.public sentiment toward the work ofdisease prevention: Public spiritedcitizens, public officials in a largemeasure, social and religious organizations, all gave the most valuablessistanceHp'HeaftlTand'Red Qrossforces and in a way that was neverattempted before, and irom this.united, endeavor will be. developed anew conscience-and sucli a force forcommon good 'that the .further progress of health work will be enhanced ten fold.Already the health forces of thecountry, stirred as never before bysuch moral support have taken onnew courage, and in light of the research work being done and the plansfor intensive use of every knbWnagency for prevention of outlook for jthe future is agreeably bright.EUEL ADimnSTEATION SAYS 2SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.. :,CoBUBgs aid Goings' of OarPeople Hert,"Tkcre and' Elsewhere.381,000 TONS SAVED.Clay-product industries in the firsthalf of the present year saved 1,381,-000 tons of coal under curtailmentorders issued by the United StatesFuel Administration. The restrictiveorders were made necessary in orderthat essential war activities mightnot suffer for an adequate supply offuel.When final compilations are made,on the basis of complete returns officials are confident that this industrywill show a saving of approximatelyone and one-half million tons. A 37per cent, saving of the normalamount consumed was effected by theindustry on the basis of figures todate.The orders issued on April 13 wereso worded that plants were permitted to burn their allotment of fuel atany time during the year. Many concerns elected to run at full capacityuntil their fuel allowance hadbeenconsumed and then close down entirely. If the war had continued,and the necessity for curtailment hadremained; it is apparent that figuiesfor the last half of the year wouldihave revealed a very much greatersaving.,oMiss Lillian, Soper, of iouisville,is abliday .guest of 'Miss HuthSoper, in. tljis cty.Mrs, C. L. SfteenbergVn. has returned frpm a visiC to relatives inHuntington, "West VirginiaMr. Charles Rbbihson, lias returned, his home Jn Covington, after a vsisit0tp friends, -in, this city."Mr ATI H TWro' T?' nl . .3 TT" TTM11.I --si- .rr- ". .ivujwu .. Yvjusleft Sunday for a three-months' stayin Florida., -.Miss Tillie Jaynes has .gone toRuena Vista, Florida, . jto spend thewinter, months with relatives.Mr. and Mrs. William Howard,Sr., have returned to their home inRichmond, after a visit to Paris relatives. -r-Miss Nora Rourke has as guestsMiss Mary Etta Farrell, of Somerset,Ky., and Mr. Harry Breen, of Liberty, Indiana, vMr. andJVIrs. O. L. Marshall andson, Billie Marshall, were week-endguests of Mrs. M. E. Lydick and IWr.and Mrs. James J. Curie, in Cynthi-ana.Dr.EEUffiF "iadrawTioir txT sah, toICEAttrEJLST.carrying physicians, nurses ana sup-,nlies will sail" next -montli for theNear East, it has been announcedDy tne American Commission forArmenian and Syrian Relief at NewYork."The United States , government,"the statement said, "has loaned theJ..k. 11' A X " T m"vuuumuee a uu-ionsrl m rtncmAlvTrlif.tti-JU YV XJU.U11ENLIST IN THE NAVYHere is your opportunity to failureagainst embcarawrinf errors in spelling;pronuncxatioa end poor Choice ofwords. K)W the meaning of puzzlingwar trruw. Increase yanr cf&deocjrjwhich results in power and cucceaf.WEBSTER'SNEW INTERNATIONAL312DICTIONARY is an all-know-Hj ing teacher, a universal queitionanswerer, maae 10 meec yourHneeds. xiiis ia,-:dsHyjuiiea by5 Jumdreda &f titiMMandc suc-cseurj86BBd woBBalh wjclcwveiv4,f fftrtfer 27NAet,M II-lMta&.a2,9IH4raiMalntries cJ.9MiapJtfiU :tjects.OKI HttZEKHiBfest Award)PansJurPacina JEaposmOJauUCCUt art DMA-WUra.IUs."WRITE f&jSpeamen ffees'I'FREEmyi tqafifx yea nan$uiif aper.,nj I3 ABsL '' M&FmmimVGfluH it :7M38SBIIH't HThe navy is again open for enlistment for four years. -To the young (man who is ambitious to see the world, to whom theadventure of traveling, the opportunity to learn a trade, appeals, hereis a wonderful chance to do all thatand be naid for it. The Navy 1 asagain opened all of its branches forfour years enlistment as was announced by the main Recruiting Station for Kentucky at 412 SouthFourth street, Louisville.The official dispatch from "Washington states that men will be accepted in the Navy regardless of Thefact that they are registered withlocal draft board, as no draft boardwill have anything more to do withany man who desires to enlist in theNavy.Everyone who now enlists ,will .bepractically assured of seeing real service, as with the millions of ourboys in khaki in Prance who willhave to be brought back, the foodand supplies which we will have tosend Europe, our Navy and Merchant Marine, which the Navy isgradually taking over, will be keptbusv. Then again tne coasts oiEurope and this country will have tobe patrolled and tne sailors or tneU. S. Navy will do quite a little traveling within the next few years.All applicants interested shouldapply for information to the NavyRecruiting Station, 412 South FourthStreet. Louisville, Ky., either by mail Jor iA person.oand Mrs. "Pranlr TV LnnrslAirand children, of Shelby county, areguests of Mrs. Lapsley's mother, Mrs.Nannie D. McClintock, on Pinci estavenue.Mrs. Harry Fuhrman, of Paris,accompanied by Mrs. Gordon S,umner,of Lexington, left Sunday for Waucljula, Florida, to remain during thewinter.Mrs. Ada Thompson, of Indianapolis, Ind., is a guest of her mother, Mrs. Annie E. Thompson, and hersisters, Mrs. H. Smith and Mrs. C.W. Larkin, in this city.Mrs. Harry Kendall and daughters, Misses Agnes and Helen Kendall, have returned to their home inFrankfort, after. a visit to Mrs. EmmaBrowning, on "High street.Miss Nell Whaley has returnedto Hamilton College, in Lexington,after spending several days with herfather, Mr. H. C. Whaley, and family,on Cypress street, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. James H.- Thompson, Jr., have Returned to their homenear this city, after spending theChristmas holidays with the former'sparents, Mr, and Mrs. OvertonChenault, in Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5)' o ."PHANTOM TORPEDO" GREATNAVAL SECERET, REVEALEDwiirsail 'aboutnff SiddlorJanuary with a ccmission of agricultural .expertsCdoctors, nurses, medical supplies and great quantities ofmodern American farpn. Implementswhich will be used in increasing nextyear's crop..One message, signed by .Charles PJGates, president of Robert College,said the situation was "desperate."Contributions from all parts of theUnited States to the committee's relief fund was announced as totaling$54,158. The lagest was $10,8(f8 bythe McKeesport, Pa., CommunityWar Chest Association. NGreeting-New YearThe allies have discovered a wayof punishing whole German familiesin Cologne. They make paterfamilias spend the evening at home.(dec27-3tT)WAR DEPARTMENT TO.AUCTIONARMY HORSES.. The War Department has x announced that auction sales .of surplusarmy horses and pnules are to be: heldat the .various camps atnd cantonments throughout the. country ,4ur(ing the )month of u Juary.iThreischedule-calls for fou&iJafly:?!7 14, 21nd 28, at wjtotofH4:4.455 animals win urasaia. ra.xo?will include cavalry nrse&r artilleryJbjorses, draf Eoraesmuleand packanimals, at nas not? Dgen; .uecuiwei.the number of animals of eachidassto be sold at Camp Zachary Taylornnd,Camp Knox during the fourJanuary sales.: o : :The Mayors of Michigan - are inconvention talking about hojme rule.To most men that means, "you beback:here,by 11 oelqck.""Phantom torpedoes" from th:clouds sank a Turkish ship carrying3,000 troops, just before the end ofhostilities, it has just become known.Only the armistice prevented otheraerial "phantoms" operating effectively against the German warships inthe Kiel Canal and other Germannaval shelters, it is said.These hydroplanes discharging tir-pedoes above the water were thegreat secret, of the British navy during the closing months ot.the war.Scientific officers, of this branch ofthe navy agree that these mysteriousplanes are designed to accomplishfrom the air more effectively andmore swiftly what the torpedoes fromsubmarines can achieve.It is learned from naval authorities ihat an urmoredship carrying 20of these machines met the Germansurrenderflee.t at, sea ready, for action tin, pase )the Germans, sho.uldj.attempjksome, eleventh nour trickery. Tne;same authorities . declare it would;havenbee-n simple, work for those 20;uiajuuues aj letty jhwj uie :ur -anaentirely. wipe xmtjthe German. fleet. ;fcjliose.mazing.'panes ascend frpanland! pr deck, climb thousands' of feetfarjii., sudden dive' from the cquds;!BeginThe New YearRightDetermine to fit yourself for business v success by enrolling for acourse with us. The need for efficiently trained men and women hasbeen emphasized greatly during thugreat war and, now. that the war isover the demand is going to be better than ever.We court a thorough investigation. .Write for booklet "The FugazziWay Leads to ,the Highest Positions." ,Or call at school.Day and Night 'Classes.v;1We Want to Thank theS-5BPeopleaIIm m"4!-U--71.::1: 1IIbf Pnt and BpiirJbon Countyfor their generous patronageduring the past jfcaK andwe wish you much happiaessand prptperir 'during 9ecoating year.WfArParis RacketH. 1. CAR,; Ptaprjttor.Ik'..of 160males nj bbufjBtj abovtliel-seatjiaitendut (jjpf&tj abofetnejselSJdisciTarge atorep4o direc.Slt tfieenemy ship. Then they disappearinto the clouds as suddenly astheyappeared, arid, so swift that'the enemy craft nas no chance of trainingits guns on it. - .How the difficulty of discharginga torpedo in the air. is overcome isa naval, secret. It is knownjbhat serious accidents marked the. experimental tests with these wonder machines. The sudden lightening ofthe aeroplane-by -the discharge of aheavy torpedo sometimes caused thewings to collapse and the pilot washurled -to death.On, one eperjpientalj occasion suchan airplane discharged a torpedowhich hit the water, ricochet ted,rose and demolished the plane beforethe latter could get out of the way.: i '-: -- ''BEViBNTJE OEHCES JL lOUIS-VHiE JLNB JPRANKFOUTTwo. internal revenue collectorsprobably will -be. appointed forjICenJtucky under, the-nfew Regulations consolidating the. five- districts in thf?.Stajte. One-will be atilxuisville andjthe, other.-xis -expected to be stationed.vThe pftice is wanted at Frankfortbytthe 'Department because, as theincome tax work(gros, it will beimportant - to eeiaDHSu-some ot tno.jliasbn - "between the x State andj Fed-:rat taxing-authorities arid theStateTax, Commission- -has all its records"and datairi Frankfort.S The other one jrity belli Louisvilleb'ecause jit iRlrf he nearer there to therdtteBtaimibef income tax payersana nanai$re lorvtne.m, .uixiiector Kiwooa najmiiton, .or tneSeventh district wno has returnedLu "" 'i . . 5 i. iilirom wasningion win De in cnargebfthBasternKentirekydiiritaably will be retained for -JiilevjatDanville, .CovingtoW andv Lexington.c- . . 1 - iVy. -, r .Probably the wprtt tning. aboutoeingr ,a , wildcat 8-ha.ving.;that jc-ndTo those who have prospered, may more prosperity be theirs, and to those who haven't, wehpie that 'the wheel of fortune may turn and allthegood things of life be theirs..-We thank 'our Mends for a very successful,business during the jrear jiist ending. - 7 .-"T.WSPICERggsagiH31Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzl, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 K. Upper St.. Second Floor.Lexington. Ky.It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedr- - - . . --TWilsonOdorless Heaters-to select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAYSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right?jLLr.- Lr. T -'-.We thank you for your continuedpatronage and co-operation during thepast year of intense commercial strain,and, with normal conditions again restored, wish to assure you of ourgreater ability than ever before td render the nighest type of service in theFurniture anSi Stove Business.At this season, also, we wish toextend to our many friends that old-time message of good will:- e','u.'''-"7 &$ i$- r - A-'.',.. ' yMappy New Jeai r :'i.-..'-: --5 "sJ ; .-, y .' - : '' -,-.r V ;--A--,.ij& .-,: .-:-T-.f,-:--.ys ;,-1-:"' .&? :- -;4FS "-r- ".j:.,--4-- " -$ti&yt&jWt--pv3.ys-'tSff&2ir7fS8tT&iaaj4G&sI? t -M.iwt .-..-HV: '-f. .'-.:! :CJ&?.'- ' r-'ZJ r:y-,'yyr y Tifgltmi'JWfyJ1".'"1 it jj wy ' n ""j J "jwii'Xff'y tywpji11 myiiL'" rm1? r'- "t ?"f-. '- irrfi . jij1nnmqpipiiiianE, its.VTHE-AGI KWJt.--; 7 -rhti - 'j . .. .'.: ( f i ' .'A"'-. ""W"-WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.' , . t !,At the Bed Cross Sewing Rooms.Fifth Monday Presbyterian women, (extra.)Fifth Tuesday Catholic women,t(extnu)Wednesday Vacant." Thursday Methodist Society.Friday Baptist Society.The Bourbon County Chapter has alarge quantity of both sock andsweater yarn on hands. Not onlythis must be knitted up, but we have.foeen asked to take extra yarn forJanuary. Suffering is broadcast inthe world. Call for .a .supply ofyarn. ..'.Let us not relax until eveiyboy is under his mother's" 'care..IN THE SERVICEOF THEIR COUNTRY(Continued from Page 1)Clay B. Taylor, of Paris, stationedon the U. S. Ship "Texas," accompanied by his shipmate, Sidney O. Taylor, arrived in Paris last night on aten-days furlough, to to visits hismother, Mrs. Pearl Taylor, of Ferguson street.notfctrj l)ut -hi ;been, deUilefftdtake a troop train to Camp Sherman,t Chillecothe, Ohio. fCapt. , Hutchcraft was transferred tb 'Vancotiyeseveral months ago from a Southerncantonment.'; 'Because of the interrupted :study,the Paris Literary Club will hold sessions every Wednesday choosingsome other day for Red Cross work.The following program will be rendered Wednesday, January 1:Ancestry of the Bible Miss Lillesrton. fThe Hymn of Creation, (Gen. I, il)Mrs. Forsyth.Reports from State Federation.Reports from General Federation.The D. A. R. will hold the firstmeeting of the club year at the residence of Mrs. Arnsparger at 2 ,p. m.on Friday, January 3. This sessiontakes the place of the Novembermeeting. Election of officers and ac- cumulated business will be disposedof. Mrs. W. G. Talbott, hostess.Corp. Will Hudnall came; in fromQamp Knox, near Stithton, Saturday,on a furlough visit. Corp. Hudnall,who is a brother of S. R. Hudnall, of-near Spears Mill; is a member ofBattery B., 68th Field Artillery, formerly stationed at the West Pointtesting grounds.Mrs. jErnest L. Harris is in leceipt of a letter from her son, HaroldHarris, formerly of Paris, statingthat lie had arrived in New Yorksafely - after an overseas trip and. wasin. excellent health. Harris was onone "of Uncle Sam's big battleshipsdoing patrol duty in European waiters.JLee J. -Masterson, formerly of Paris,has received an honorable dischargefrom the navy and has. returned tohis home in Lexington. Mastersonhas been an instructor for severalmonths in the Aviation School at theGreat Lakes Naval Station, near Chicago." Judge Ernest Martin received apostcard Sunday from Owen Gibson,in. France, stating that he was welland living well, and hoped to beback in the States some time soon.He stated that France was a linecountry and all right,' but that thegood old U. S. A. is the, finest landthe sun ever shone on.MissClennie Lusby, of Paris, isnow stationed at the TJ. S. A. General Hospital No. 7, at Roland Park,near Baltimore, where she is engagedin aiding wounded and blind soldiers returned from- overseas duty!Miss Lusby was transferred to theMaryland institute from the O. T,Medical pepartment at New Yoik,where she was engaged in Red Crosswork. The Roland Park institutionis situated in one of the most beautiful spots in Maryland. Here thewounded soldiers are given everyhumane attention and made as nearlywhole again as medical skill, andcareful nursing can do.The Progressive Culture Club willhold its first meeting January S.o 'B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsoYOTJE PATRIOTIC DTTTY.Save your pennies in our ChristmasBanking Club and buy TJ. S. Bondsand Savings Stamps.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCOMPANY. (27T2t)? oTOBACCO'BAEN AND CHOP OJ SIXACRES BURNED.rSix acres of tobacco housed m abarn at Seventh and Upper streets,in Lexington, was destroyed by fireabout. 8 o'clock Sunday night Thestructure was a large one, coveredwith sheet iron on the outside, andwas owned by William Loughridge."The firemen were unable to tell whothe tobacco belonged to, as MrLoughridge is said to be out of thecity. How the fire originated is notTcnown.:: oFire, Wind and Lightning.Insurance.Thamas, Woodford & BryanA German helmet, weighing fivepounds, sent to Charles Roseber.ry,colored, of Paris, by his son-in-law,who is in the service in France, isdisplayed in the show window ofMitchell & Blakemore. The helmet isa nice-looking piece of headgear forits purpose, but would 'hardly besuitable for wear on a summer's day.Mr. and Mrs. E. F. oe, of nearCenterville, received a letter fromtheir son, Dempsie Poe, under dateof November 28, stating that he wasin Luxemburg, was well and that heexpected to be back in Bourboncounty soon. Private Poe also saidthat the boys in the service, nowthat the war was over,-were all anxious to be returned to their homes.Mr. and Mrs. John McClintock, ofLexington, formerly of near Hutchison, this county, have received cablegrams from their sons, LieutenantRobert McClintock and Jack McClintock. Lieutenant vMcClintock, whoenlisted an the French army as a private before the entrance of the United States in the war, is with theAmerican army of occupation, andhis message was sent from Epernay.He has taken part in some' of thehardest-fought-battles of the war.His brother is with Base HospitalUnit No. 40.oSCHOOLS REOPENED.Private Sam E. Adair, of Pensacola, Okla., is a guest of his parentsMr. and Mrs. A. P. Adair, near Paris.Private Adair has just been musteredout of the army service, having beenstationed at Ft. Pike, Arkansas,where he was in the Officers' Training School. This is his first visithome in five years. He will returntQ Pensacola to engage in farm work.Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft receiveda letter yesterday from Capt. DavisHutchcraft, who is stationed at Vancouver, Washington, stating that hiswife was seriously ill with the influenza. Capt. Hutchcraft had expectedto be in Paris to-day for a visit to hisThe Paris schools reopened yesterday, following a suspension of eightweeks, due to a ban placed by thelocal Board of Health, owing to theinfluenza epidemic. SuperintendentKirkpatrick announced that it is bi&purpose to make up as much time aspossible, and with that end in viewthe schools convened promptly ato'clock, instead of 8:30 as formerly.Superintendent of Schools J. B.Caywood announced that all thecounty schools,, white and colored,will open on next Monday, Januaiy6. All children in families wh.resickness prevails will be asked to remain, at home until the patients arepronounced well by their attendingphysician.On next Saturday, January 4,Supt. Kirkpatrick will deliver an address relative to school work, in theoffice of County Superintendent Caywood, to white teachers at 10:00 a.m. and the colored teachers at 1:30p. m. All the, teachers are requestedto attend. Dr. A. H. JKeller, localHealth Officer, will address theteachers on matters pertaining tohealth and hygienic; im TOBjiccojiAitnKr &ThT Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany- sold yesterday -30M80;Bounds of tobacco for $115,9007$,n average of 137.75. The Quality ofthe offering Was good, and tne- market was several dollars higher thanbefore Christmas, justifying the ad-vice of the .Bourbon Tobacco Watehouse Comnanv that growers shouldhold' until all the buyers came-on themarket. . .Sales will be held eyery day thisweek at the local houses. Some of.the best crop averages at the Bourbon Warehouse sale held yesterdayare as follows:Jones & Mason, 1,960 pounds, .average ? 47.3 2.Geo. K. Redfmon, 1,165 pounds,average $47.23.Reffett & Grimes, 9,845 pounds,average $46.19.J. C. Booth, 1,855 pounds average $45.76.A. J. Turner, 2,765 pounds, average $38.99.Dodge & Ritchie, 7,770 pounds,average $38.13. 'iCenney & Rankins, 7,705 pounds,average $44.81. JPoole & Feeback, 1,735 pounds,average $48.60.Jefferson & Humphreys, 4,475pounds, average $43.61. .Meteer & Dry den, 6,250 pounds,average $42.16.Marshall & Dwelly, 6,175 pounds,average $51.49.Pepper & Smart, 9,215 pounds, average $50.89.Dodge & Ritchen, 2,995 pounds,average $52.20.McClintock. Collier &.Collier Bros.,9,235, average $44.08.J. C. & W. B. Kenney, 375 pounds,average $55.62. NKenney & Rankin, 1,640 pounds,average $j.of.J. M. Mason, 5;755 pounds, average, $40.69.Brown & Hyatt, 2,325 pounds, average $41.37.Letton & Carter, 2,725 pounds, average $42.54.Snell & Ross, 830 pounds, average$45.35. 'Dodge & Purcell, 5,555 pounds, average $45.01.Florence & Cravens, 7,150 pounds,average $47.82.Current & Tevis, 2,230 pounds, average $40.65.Johnson & Ormes, 6,365, average$52,641Thorn & Morris, 2,245 pounds, average $40.92.Wright & Morris, 2,725 pounds, average $39.33.Wright & Watkins, 2,280 pounds,average $49.83. 'Waeoner & Brannock, 4,94opounds, average $42.84.McClintock, Collier & Thomas,, 7,035 'pounds, average $47.16.Bodkins & Harris, 5,525' pounds,average $40.01. ftn, APar.rish & Williams, 11,380 pounds,average $50.59.Voodford & Pndemore, 3,040pounds, average $45.96.Wilson & Rankins, 4;155 pounds,average $38.91.42. P. Wilmott, 980 pounds, average$1.31.Misses Purdy & Ritchie, 940pounds, average $37.28.m mii isFRANKTVfcfjtJraei1&'CPSfift IVWgy 'W- Agjfc, -i' . ?'mfLt-sl; :.' -'-- - ', !. z'WPre-InvoiceSale ..;.V:tfiCOATSSUITSFURS''Serge, Silk and JerseyDRESSESA VFA- :-'' ' 1, i ' '' &C rFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSThe News lob Department Is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!SPECIALm'MOn Men's, Young Men's, Boys' and Children'sOVERCOATS AND MACKINAWSConditions over ivhich we have had no control have left us With a larger stock of Men's, Young Men's, Boys' and Children's Overcoats and Mackinaws than we wish to carry at this tme in the season, and in order to make them move fasterwk are going to offer them at special prices to induce those whc have not bought to do so Our stocks contain only theseason's newest and snappiest styles in bright patterns and colorings and long wearing fabrics. Hart Schaffner & Marx,Klrschbaum and other leading makes are to be found in these overcoats. Accept this opportunity now and buy your overcoat at much less than its regular worth, fMen's and Young Men's Overcoats$2T.SO$50.00 Men's and Young Men's' Overcoats cut to $45.00$45.00 Men's and Young Men'sr Overcoats cut to S40.00$42.50 Men's and Young Men'sOvercoats cut to $37.50liQ.OO Men'8 and Young Men'sV Overcoats cut to 35.00137.50 Men'i and Young Men's' Overcoats cut to 532.50I3?.00 Men'i and Young Men?,s,: l .;i Overcoats cit ..r''30.yQl$32.50 Men's and Young Men'sOvercoats cut- to$30.00 Men's and Youne Men'sOvercoats cut to $25.00$27.50 Men's and Young Men'sOvercoats cut to . . ... $22.50$25.00 Men's and Young Men'sOvercoats cut to ......$2000$22.50 Men's and Young Men's . :;Overcoats cut to $ 1 7.50 "rQ0 Menfl and Xoung Men; ,-Overcoats cut to .,.. j 1 6.50 'Men' & and Young Men's Mackinaws1, r$18.00 Men's and Young Men'stj. Mackinaws cut to $14,50$J5.00 Men's and Young Men's'; Mackinaws cut to..., 1 1wSO$12.50 Men's and Young Men's f rMackinaws cut to $9.50$10.00 Men's and Young Men'sMackinaws cut to $7.&jS-Boys' and Children's Overcoats'r $18.00 Boys' and Children'sif Overcoats cut to ...... .r $15.00 Bos' and Children'sI .- Overcoats cut to..$1450..$11.50I $12.50 Boys' and, CKildren?sp.; Overcoats jciit . to:. . i ;.$S50$10.00 6oy' and Children'sOvercoats cut to.......$8,50 Boys' and Children'sOvercoats cut to$6.50 Boys' and Children's- Overcoats cut to .... .-.S4-95Boys' and Children's Mackinaws, ,f$12.5aBpys' and Children's J tlO.00. Boys' andr Children's ''i Mackihawr''cut to........$950 I -; Mackinaws cut X6 :....'... '. .-. $7-95-P CAS. hiP:''''.ft ..".!; ., h.-v.4 ' f r-MNO APPOVALSTh Sale js backed up, by our reputation tran hoMtt merckkhdiainff comlceirn. The, regular .riceiaire left on tOvyou can see you are f ettig eactl.aawe repreie,nt. .A -t .'. I li'l ,'J iVISrARTS TODMs U"?;rAJlJTx"f.ir t . .ftThe Better Value StoreI One PriceRP.WAL 5 nMain and Seven- i'j ft 4 ;,,VVliVit'-:.vY ireetstlrMKenticty t'f.m;-r"Jw,ris- r - ".?? a-aT- v;"v"v-m:vrLVr..C"-g? 'TUESDAY, DfccMBBRlil'ltiovoohmj;ws,JLJLMlWarV"UTT frn-vT'tf n ft vi .5 rv i-eri35S(!rrv?Tff&yFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEi BEGIN NOW.Start to-day with our ntwChristmas Savings. Have money to spend ntxt Christmas.urbon-AgricuItural Bank &Trust Co. (2t)o, .A PROSPEROUS AKB HAPPY NEWYEAR,To Our Friends, Old and New:We heartily thank for the good willyou have shown us, and extend, ourmost cordial greetings and best wishes for your peace, prosperity and"happiness in the coming year.PRANK & CO.SMALT, WRECK.A big U. S. engine backed into thecaboose of a freight train in theSouth IParis L. & N. yards Sundaymorning, smashing the caboose intokindling wood and derailing severalfreight cars. The brakes on the bigengine refused to work, causing thecollision. No one injured.oLIBRARY REOPENED.The Paris Public Library, whichhas been closed since the influenzaban was placed on October 8, was reopened yesterday. The closing of thePublic Library was deemed best as apart of the safety-first plan operated by the State and local HealthBoards.INSTALLATION OP OFFICERS.The recently-elected officers forRathbone Lodge, Knights of Pythias,will be installed at the meeting to beheld at their Castle Hall on nextThursday night, January 2. A fullattendance of the mepibers is urgently requested, as this will be thefirst meeting of the New Year, andthe first meeting since the influenzaban was lifted.SALEPOSTPONED TO4, 1919.JANUARYOwing to rainy weather the sale ofthe George Howard property on Dim-can avenue was postponed until Sat-- urday, January 4, 1919, at 2 o'clock,P. m. ,4X-6.)o -f A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEWW..- - YEAR, 1919.To each and every American citi-.jzendn. Bourbon county we wish toextend a happy New Year's greeting.y We also want to express our sincerethanks to those who have favoredus with their patronage during thepast year." FEED'S SHOE STORE.SPEED'S DEPARTMENT STORE.oWifiCH PARTY AT TEE BAPTISTCHURCH.Watch out for the Watch Night'Party at the Baptist church to-night:8:30 to 9:30 Social hour; gamesand-refreshments.9:30 to 10:30 Knocker hour.(Come with your hammer.)10:30 to 11:30. Boosts and resolutions. 11:30 to 12,: 00 Quiet hour.12:05 Good night; shake.Music; refreshments; a good time."Everybody invited. Price of admis--sion,free, if you firing a irie-na.ol"iBUSINESS CHANGES.k Messrs. Monroe Mansfield and Garret Jefferson have purchased the interest of Mr. T. T. Templin in thelumber business conducted under thefirm name of the Templin Lumber.Co. They will continue the businessat the same stand.Mr. Templin founded the businessover twentyeight years ago. A fewyears ago Mr. Monroe Mansfield purchased an interest in the business,and has since then been associatedwith Mr. Templin.Mr and Mrs. Templin expect toleave soon for Pensacola, Florida, tovisit relatives and friends.oAT THE AlLAXO AND THE PARISGRAND.wuh he snleodid Leeuwee Orrckestr discoursing- excellent .puusu;'anfl . fine'run t)t movie pictures atthe Alamo and the Grand the thea-ter-ogers of Paris are in clorer tnesedays:and nfehts and thanking thepowers, that- be for raising the banagaia, -&o that they might Tiave. some; relaxation from irksome dutiesan the humdrum-existence or everyday life; For this week these popular houses-v.iU present the following.-program: ., ., -,. ...-. ,4ay, tuetfsy, Dec. -31 Wia-some 'Marguerite Clark, in "Out ofA. Clear Sky," a wartime story ofTtirfwm and Kentucky,: Williafni Iuear in the eleventh episode of"A FlgMt For Millions."JRHrroirt WHmmUjr Januaryl-L-",Th 9W: ' iti alHtar cast; BV"VC0medyf ''Farms andFumble," Paths News Feature. .' TWy, :3ury ?- Alfcfc BradnThe. Better nan, viusiim"H$fc u Wu P, axi "tmSOCIAL A?ID PERSONAL.Caninfs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Pearce Paton, of Paris, wasa recent visitor to friends in Lexington. Miss Mary Ross, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. Neale Bennett, in Richmond. Miss Edna Huffman, of Covington, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city.-r-Mrs. T. A. Higgins, of Paris, isa guest of her niece, Miss Ann McLaughlin, in. Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodfordand son, and Mrs. M. H. Dailey, areconvalescing after recent illness.Mr. R. 33. Hammond, of Ashland,is spending the "holidays with his sister, Mrs. George B. Rose, in this city.Mrs. Arthur Bourne, of Paris,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. I. W. Spires, at Parksville, inBoyle county.Mr. and Mrs. Strother D. Mitchell, of Kansas, are spending the holidays in North Middletown, as guestsof Dr. and Mrs. R. D. Weaver.Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Kash, ofParis, had as guests during the holidays Mr. E. C. Kash, Mr. Lee Kashand Mrs. Lillie K. Henry, of Winchester. Mrv and Mrs. Logan Bryan, ofNorth Middletown, spent the holidays in Georgetown with Mrs. Bryan's parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. B.Coons.Mr, Win. C. Potts, of Muskeegon,Wis., is spending the holidays" withhis family at the home of Mrs. Potts'parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall, on Lilleston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram S. Redmonand family have returned to theirhome in Frankfort after spending"the Christmas holidays with Mr. andMrs. John J. Redmon, near Paris.Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson, ofParis, who underwent an operationat St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, some time ago, has recoveredsufficiently to permit removal to herhome on High street.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the State Game and FishCommission, has returned to Frankfort, after spending the Christmasholidays with his brother, Mr. J.Miller Ward, and Mrs. Ward, at theirhome near Paris.Mrs. A. L. Slicer, of Paris, wascalled Friday to the bedside of herfather, Squire Amos Jameson, inGreenfield, Ohio. Mr. Jameson, vhowas formerly a member of the Bourbon Fiscal Court, and is now in hiseighty-fourth year, has been seriously ill for some time.Mrs. Elizabeth Smith and Mrs.Josephine Bramblette, aged womanof this city, who sustained injuriesfrom falls received last week, are improving and resting comfortably, theformer at the Massie Memorial Hospital, and the latter at her home enFithian avenue, in White addition.Miss Ada Plumjmer, of Paris, andMiss Leora Linville, of Lexington,were Tecenf-guests of Mr. T. W.Barker and Miss Elsie Barker, of Jellico, Tenn., at the Seelbach Hotel, inLouisville. Miss Plummer is a guestof Miss Linville at her home onSpring street, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Heller haveas guests for the holidays theirdaughters, Miss Elsie Heller, ofRichmond, -'"Va., Field Secretary forthe Southern States of the Y. W. C.A., Miss Frieda Heller, teacher in theNewport High School, and Miss StellaHeller, bookkeeper for a large business concern in Newport.The managers and agents of theMetropolitan Life Insurance Co. inthe district of which Mr. J. T. Tucker, of Paris, is Superintendent, helda meeting Saturday morning, followed by a dinner at the Hotel Windsor.The representatives were" guests ofSuperintendent Tucker and the Parisagents of the Metropolitan for theday.- Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Fookes entertained with a dining at their homeon the Hume and Bedford pike, nearParis, in honor of Mrs. Fookes' birthday . The guests present were Mr.and Mrs. Lloyd Thompson, of Oxford;Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Shannon andson, of Newtown.; Mr. Pleas Sams, ofRussell Cave, and Mr. and Mrs.'-A. J.Wagoner, of near Paris.Society of the Blugrass countryhad the happiest time together onFriday evening at the Holiday Eall,the largest assembly in Lexingtonsince the beginning of the war withGermany, which was given at thePhoenix Hotel. Among the guestsattending were Mr. and Mi's. JamesThompson, Jr., Miss Carolyn Rdseberry and Mr. Moorpnan P. Moss, ofParis.One of the first social enter-,tainments of the present season since;the influenza ban was lifted was thedance given at Varden's1 Hall Friday evening to soldiers recently returned from the cantonments. Alarge number of men in khaki responded to invitations and the guestswere given, an enjoyable evening.The chaperones were Mr. and Mrs.Richard Sales and Mr. and Mrs. W.f G. PottS. Music was- furnished forthe dancers by "a Lexington saxophone orchestra. This was tthe first"soldier. dance" given in. Parissincethe Spanish-American war. The hourswere from 9:00 to 2:30.-Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., ofnear Farlswas-a guest Friday after-,noon at a bridge luncheon given inLexington by Miss Lila D. Smith, inhonor of Miss Virginia Chanslor andher guest, Miss Dorothy Chapman', ofWktertdwn, ,New York., -The homewas" 'beautifully decorated ' withChristmasells, holly, Jerusalem berries and evergreens. The guests wereMiss Chapman, Miss Schnaufer, Mrs.Frazier' LeBus, .Miss Jo Carter; Mrs.James Thompson, Jr., of Paris, JaneBrooker, Mrs. Joseph Curtis DeLong,Martha McClure, Roeetta March.Mrs. Thompson also attended themeetinff of -the newly-organizedbridge- club on the same afternoon,with Miss Neida. Rasco as hostess.Sipper was served at the close of thepitarrtmf afternoon. The guests wereMiss Jane Brooker, Mrs. Joseph C,Dftlxmr. Mrs.- Richard Stoll, t MnLBerei Mrs; Jftntee Thompson Jr. qParigMiss AnneMcAdams ' 'fahthe ,wife,of Mr; Glif Mahorney, 4ear Ruddies Mills, Saturdaymorning, a son.rMiss Ella Walsh, who has beena valued member of the sales forcesat the Frank & Co. Btore for fourteenyears, leaves to-day for- Cincinnati toreside.Miss Gertrude Lusk has returned to Louisville, after spending theChristmas holidays in Paris as' aguest" of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert Lusk.Mr. James H. Wilson, of near,Shawhan, who sustained a stroke ofparalysis Christmas day, and hasbeen in a serious condition since,, wasreported yesterday as being- somewhat improved.Mr. and Mrs. John F. Yo.mghave as their guests this week Mr.and Mrs. Keller Donald, of Gloucester, New York, and their two children, Mr. and Mrs. Donald will locateat Lexington, where the former willbe connected with the tobacco firmof J. P. Taylor & Co.Now that the flu ban and otherrestrictions have been removed thebouyancy of youthful spirits is boundto assert itself in some form of entertainment. Along this line the youngladies composing the Girls' CotillionClub will give a New Years' Dance atthe Masonic Temple, in, this city, onthe evening of Monday, January 6.An admission price of one dollar perperson will be charged. Mrs. Durand Whipple and Mr. Withers Daviswill lead the grand march. The decorations will be in charge of Mrs.John Yerkes and Miss Rachel Wiggins, while the supper to be servedduring the intermission will be arranged by Mrs. Katherine DavisCraig and Miss Nancy Griffith.Tickets will be placed on sale at theParis Book Co.'s store to-norrow,Wednesday. .(Other Personals on Page 3.)oCROSDALEHOTELMiENT.ANNOTJNCErMr. and Mrs. George Crosdale, cfthe Crosdale Hotel, wish the peopleof Paris and Bourbon county a prosperous, happy and healthy New Year,and desire to announce that theiraim and purpose in the future, aswell as it has been in the past, is togive Paris a select hostelry that willat all times appeal to a particularpeople who seek tone and qualityabove everything else.The cuisine will always measure upto that high standard of excellencycommensurate with the price obtained and the market conditions governing the same. Our rooms, while limited in number, are nicely furnishedthroughout and heated- with gas.First-class baths on each floor, easilyaccessible to each room, with hot andcold water at no extra charge, theroom rate being 50c and 75c respect-Jively. 'ThA .management specializes onSunday night suppers and Court day jdinners, and will on tne comingCourt day, Monday, January 6, servea fish, roast beef and oyster dinner.On New Year's Day, to-morrow,Wednesday, January 1, Mr. and Mrs.Crosdale -will entertain from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p. m. Music.Now, my good people, come out inthe open and show your hand, wh'lstwe lavishly and sumptuously winet.a lino tn the sweet strains ofmusic bv the band. This being anAge of reciprocity, let us get togetherand show our generosity. or ix isnot the price alone which satisfiesand appeases the proper spender, butthe value received accordingly, - as alegal tender. (31-lt)COUNTY CLERK, PATON BUSY.County Clerk Pearce Paton is always a busy man, but he said yesterday that he was "an unusually busyman." When askea ior a speuuu ison for the overpress of official business he replied that an advertisementplaced in THE NEWS caused it.Clerk Paton, in addition to hismany other duties, has been Jiusyissuing dog licenses. Up to fiveo'clock yesterday afternoon, he baaissued a total of 750 licenses forcanines; pets and otherwise. And anad in, THE NEWS caused it all. Itpays to advertise!Milk For SaleSweet milk for sale in small quantities half-pints, pints and quarts.(30-2t) HABRIS & DALE.' . , ' -r- I f WE WISH A MERRY CHRISTMAS. : : t B- - ' 1 - . THE J. T. HINTON CO. jBGood' '"'-Mrt:s :i:':;.. ;:?.r;., -:v';Friends! 'v.-'J'.';v ;1:';..:1"-J ''-.v:Si'':MAY THS.GATESsOPHAPPI- 1 'J'!; ' ? r' . tii- ' '"''' ::r. . I. '?":;.'' '' '"' ' ',. ' '- -.--':-v- fk 4HESS (OPEN WIDET0 YOU MAY A;: -f :-'-X .,;:-.-.T B r ITHE NEW YEA BRING TO YOU' 1 " ' . ,' "'' , ' , . -,( , ' - fi -j ,SHIPAJiD fA MULllUJUDEdp B . -' - r-r-y-y'i .. : s iJ ) i,i--- H fc, lCHEERFUL MEMORIES. m .ijpM .c' -,, . -. J . - . r -- '&--- " A-""1' M 'WETHAHi: YOFPOR A MOST 9 i -? , - .:: TJhttxv-J&&&j.i' v.-; ...iv.V-: V xSUCCESSFUL BUSnTESS YEAR. ' 3 '' '-i-- v ..;.::'-'v -v-vwtv--.. - .;v -- a- . -S B -rx!i -Now Comes Your Big Opportunity to SaveSimon's MidwinterCLEARANCE SALE!Radical Reductions Throughout Our Entire Stock." ' Sale Now Going On.On account of the backward season and also because of the Flu Epideinic-which kepta great many people from making their regular purchases for their winter needs we areleft with a much larger stock than good merchandising methods permits us to have at this,time of year so to effect a quick Clearance you'll find-greater bargains than you are accustomed to find in regular January or midwinter Clearance Sales.Only a few suggestions below hundreds of other bargains as good or better await you.A Grand Offering ofWOMEN'S SUITS and COATSRegular $47.50 Values Now Go ForTKese Coats and Suits represent the most distinctive and exclusive of the season'smodels. The materials and workmanship are of the very best and the colorings are theones most in demand.If you have put oif buying your winter coat or suit until now or if you are going toneed one next year it will certainly pay you to look at this showing at the above extraordinary price of $29.50."Other big bargains in Women's Coats and Suits range from $39.50 to $125.00 values atthe Sale prices of $27.50 to $79.50.Big Reductions inChildren's DressesHARRY SIMON224-228 West Main St., Lexington, Ky:Main Street, Paris, Ky.Mjm"-MIMJMax"nfriaSiaiiiiaatilia3ig5il;g53g333g5Hggg5Sgr4w -; - -- - V', .. r- ft-'- -' ' x ""1 -- WE DESIEE TO EXTEND OUR SINCEBE, XHAKKS TO OUE,EMENDS P0E THE MOST GENEROUS CHRISTMAS PATRONAGE WEHAVE EVER EXPERIENCED, AND TO ASSURE THEM OE OURHEARTY APPRECIATION OP THEIR CUSTOM. TO ONE AND All,; WE WISH A MERRY CHRISTMAS.' -?.-' L ; THE J. T. HINTON CO..'. .; " -..- -' rr-'"A -; .y; - '&v ..w. vs"f .; -:P-: '-.. . ... .... - .:y.i$29.50MillineryHalf Price !- Mt -g3--j',Mi:ciChristmas Greeting's- - ' "'y.wmmIIIIIXIIXIXIXIXIX1XIXIXIXIX!Great Bargains inWomen's Dresses3MMMt..ii!g5TaTi-i '' . EZ'r If m ';.-- S3Bt-. hip5MPTrtWareTiew.'riatewodd Gar. Miss Elizabeth Van''....,-.,; ; - .". - ,- -- -r' -V ' .- . . :-...:- .. .-,.V'W- --. " '-V --'? - A.j : . . i .o .;--a...;-T??0 r-.'.3fc-I,, J w 4ra-'TtnouT. Pirjmww si, in'X'"' f ! , ""'fHir. rrwfw- .-V 4 ,a-vowwijijEiipu-rjraHBlaawrmKr--c "c.:""- -t- f. .".' -- - .. 4. .. ::-K,r- - r- w. f -1 . & -2.. l ."'?-' i-;,-v - ...L.&rvipi?rf::- jK&& JUL v9- . -y ' vI AM GLADc-1Glad to Try AnytKifim'"Three years agro my system"was in a terribly run dovru cobdUfoR and I was broken out allover my body. I began to be worried about my condition and IWas jrlnd to try aaytUf usr ivliieltwould rellt-ve u. Pcruna yvxihreimmmcuUnl to me as a fineblood reined y and xonic, and Ipoon found that it was vrortiiyo praise. A few bottles changed?-vr coudtiwii materially art"rt In ajhori time I in II- over mytrouble. V owe my restoration lohealth and strength to Peruna:t" fir.il tv -iiliHe it.SJtl everywhereA VALUABLE ANIMAL FOEPEEIMENT STATIONEX-Dollie's Valentine, 105049, was a.registered Jersey cow that was purchased by the Kentucky ExperimentStation in 1896. She looked to the-authorities there like a real producerand & useful sort of cow. She wasjmilked carefully and fed well, andproduced in one year 10,218 poundsof milk and 676 pounds of butter.She was a prolific cow that &ad acalf every year, giving birth to thirteen calves before she died in 19 10.Like a great many motherly cowsshe passed the, regular breeding,nabit on to her offsprings. Onedaughter had ten , calves, . anotherdaughter eleven and a third daughterhad an even dozen, calves. As a consequence of this prolific nature herdescendants to-day dominate in theStation herd. Daughters, granddaughters and great granddaughtersBRIGHTER.EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasures; of a home, or makes life more.worth living, than a. well illuminated house.sex IOleetrfeikfIt's, the only satisfactory way.use Setsfor Beating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity tod Gts.Paris Gas & Electric Co.HncorDoratti)FEfeuMi&ofeTl "uA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40IKlBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsIITelephone No. 4(He. TBBourbon Laundry, sjm-f ' - -' k " rmm, KefituckyTO ENDORSEWas in aTerriblyRun DownConditionMini Rlely Leopold,288 tayco St.. Menasha, Wis.,Sec'y Liederkranz. Miss Lieopold'sletter opposite conveys in no un-. certain way the gratitude snevfeelfi for Peruna. " ,I.fquid Bd Tablet Form .of the old cow are in the herd. .Bestvof all, she handed on, the ability toproduce great quantities of milk andbutter, because her daughters andgranddaughters are jail making register of merit records that vary fromseven to eight thousand pounds ofmilk and from four to six hundredpounds of butter in-a year.Dollie is a fine example of a goodcow that founded a very useful family. It pays to start with good foundation stock in any breed and thento keep the best, and only the bestoffspring frojm that foundation stock.The herd at the. Station has rapidlyincreased in; production as the bestoffspring of Dollie are mated with-fine bulls year after year. This is anexcellent, illustration of conservativebreeding, a subject that will be fullydiscussed at Farmers' Week at theUniversity of Kentucky, January 28to 31, and this useful family of cowswill be exhibited and the methods ofbreeding, feeding and caring forthem will be fully explained.oCATAEItHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CURED.By local applications, as they cannot 'reach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isInflamed you. have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it Isentirely closed, deafness is the Tesult.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this restored to its normalCondition, hearing will be destroyedforever. Many cases of deafness arecaused by catharrh, which is an inflanmed condition of the mucous surfaces." Ball's Catarrh Medicine actsptirpugh. the.blood,on the mucous 5ur-iaces.0i tne system.;, ive Iwll give One Hundred Dollarsfor-,any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be Jcureti by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75 c.P. J. CHENEY &. CO.,Toledo, Ohio.t oTEACHERS' PAY BOOST URGED.The campaign to secure largely increased salaries for Kentucky schoolteachers will be inaugurated soon byV. O. Gilbert, State Superintendentof Schools. Gilbert is of the opinion that school teachers should havea minimum salary of ?100 a month.oA.Kokomo minister is "knocking"the Red Cross because it suppliedcigarettes to our fighters in France,but friends of the great organizationare still hopeful that it will survivethe blow..may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat'you are effecting a' greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua.CLEANERHome Phone 169 2XHX!1iIWest Fifh StreetIIIOUR WATCHWORD!XWith al the latest improve-, mroents in laundry aDDliances . .1and expert helpers we are; Jjprepared to do work Jnfe-rior to none, and solicit xyour patronage.IW'i'M w.vmmmm'A&PEOPjDGD;ir?W . TLkG LAW1 A bill to prihmit the public or private -display within he4 United States,of Afnerica" and its. territories andpossessions of certain- flags and enfblems; and prescribing penalties forthe violation thereof. jBe it Enacted by the Senate andHouse of Representatives of the.United States of America in CongressAssembled, That no flag, insignia,emblem or device of any naturewhatsoever, representative of any nation, sovereignty, society associationor organized or unorganized effort ofany nature whatsoever, which., in lispurposes, practices, official declarations or by its constitution, by-laws:or regulations; espouses for the; government of the people of the UnitedStates of America, or for those of anyof its States, territories, or possessions, principles or theories of government antagonistic to the constitu-rtion and laws of the United Stateslof America, or to the form of thegovernment thereof as now constituted, shall be publicly or privatelydisplaye in any form whatsoeverwithin the territory or jurisdiction ofthe United States of America.Sec. 2. That the possession orownership "of, or decoration with, ordisplay of, or flying of or wearing ofany flag, emblem, or insignia or device of any country, race, nationality, cojmmunity, State,. governmentrpolitical, social or other unit, organisation, society or body, or group,whether international, national,local, organized or unorganized, religious, political, social, educational,advertising, or any corporationor association of any other sort whatsoever, in which it or they, do not -now,or in which it or they do not withinsix months from the passage of thisbill, or which shall at a later timeorganize, clearly define in its statutes, constitution, by-laws, or basicand fundamental rules and regulations, for the absolute loyalty to andsupport of the constitution and lawsand the maintenance of the Government of the United States of America, which shall be clearly evidencedin their teachings, writings and acts,together with the elimination of anyand all provisions, regulations ormental reservations of any kindwhatsoever contrary to a full and absolute support .and upbuilding of theconstitution and; laws of the Government of the United States of America,ahead of not only its or their ownwelfare and life, but ahead of thatof every other possible combinationof interests of any nature .wbatsoever,vthat might be construed shallbe unlawful.Sec. 3. Indoor theatrical performances and historical museums of rec-ognized standing acceptable to theAttorney General of the UnitedStates of America and the Department of Justice, shall be permittedto have such :flags, emblems; inslg;nia or devices in their possession,and in these cases they shall beused only for preservation and educational purposes, along reasonablelines, and not lor out-of-door display.Sec. 4. AnLjof the aforesaid organizations or groups or any other.combinations of elements not specmc-ally mentioned aforesaid, who shallnot comply with all the requirements;and spirit of this bill aforesaid, anisubmit within six months of ,itspassage to the United States DistrictlAttorney's Office in their respectiveStates, territories or possessions, tor;approval, the statutes, accepted,constitution, by-laws, rules and regulations together with all apiendLMmfttits and chances in same, revisedto date, or a copy of any oral, under-;stood or implied rule or guiding medium, or other things poming within?the intent of this: law, shall be piin?ished by the imprisonment of their'governors, directors, officers, committees and all responsible heads ndmembers, for not less than five yeariand not more tnan iwemy-nve yvpKin 'addition to a fine of not less than?10,000, and not more than $50,000,for each, responsible official and member, for each such offense, and 'itscontinuance from month to month.Sec. 5. Nothing in this act is intended to prevent the display of flagsand emblems of any nation havingaccredited representatives in thiscountry, its territories and posses-,sions. -Sec. 6. All laws in conflict withrthis act are hereby repealed.oLIMESTONE ESSENTIAL FOE JHP&0VING THE SOIL.Farmers of Kentucky have learnedthat limestone is one of the' most efe;sential reouiretaents for improving.soils, and the demand has increasedfar beyond the supply. Onesoiuuon.of the limestone problem is - hojnerrindinr. The College of Agriculture.will give demonstrjdnsjn grinding;limestone with different Vsy&gs$homesrinders on Thursday?. January'30,dring Farmers WesfcUJjfcademonstrations of differentr methodsof spreading limestone wUl'fijegjat the same tipe. The tnfersiihas issued an invitation to teveryoninterested to attend. aO TTrfd.QUICK CU1E POJt CMOT" - ! .IfhoariMMMMN' and-riT ChamNrtaimCough Remedy at once. JftlJr tfi"t'and effectual. "'CX-o-Former Secretary McAdooraajs -hifebelieves the !Fif th Jioaii wiiliiueed.We believe it will top, but MeTeI itvvould.be advisable, to use -m9Pim-ice jri manycasis; Uoinito:rjaiaainM hearfcTihocic tsMi'?jh!r -vOBJXCT LXS80JTSMost of,, the German-people weretruly informed, of , the f riaatf ulneaifoi war as it was exemplified by thewho ravislied and v plundered Belgium, here, should be made a serlwuJ" "viiig ymiuics ui Bume jji me-tragedies, there wrought and thGermans' should ,be required to see.tueiuj'Wiiuj tneir own eyes, in orderthatthey, might . judge what theythepaslves- were spared and, wat theytnflt In nnnitlii.1 V. .x'f 11ouia pe necessary, oecause none Jwyuiu. up yuBBiuue, put ine aweiiejsjpi Germany snouittoe made to understand someqtne horrors .of war';wnen it is carried 0tpjthe homes andfiresides of a defenseless people.CURE AT A COST $$ 25 CENTS,, "-Eight years ago when, we firstpioyed to Jtfa'ttoon, I was a grea't sufferer from, indigestion" and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert , Allison,,Mattoon, 111. "i naa frequent headaches and dizzy-spells, ancLthere wasa feeling xlike 'a h.eavy, weigh jb pressing on my stomach! and ch'est all thetime. I felt miserable. Eyery morsel of food distressed me. I could notrest at night and felt tired and wornput aU the-time. Onejipttle of, Chamberlain's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different person."(adv-jan)vsSPECIALFor This WeektAMBROASTSanitary Meat MarketT YEDW. BURKE. PresidentEdw. BurkeSam ClavJas; M. CaldwellMargolenmmoitmBobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonTBI BOURBONTotal Sales to Date,Sale December 20thOpening Sale December 11thSale December 13thitZ &fPu:: rM4 -:-c- v.V-:-;!:---; 'ihe mm mmimmmmi mmifrR-jiuii ituimmmtmmm.. m. TO THE . IFARMERSxof Bourbon CountyWe Invite AllBourbon County tothe Wonderful6LEVELAIHDTRACTORIf y cm a-re interested in better aidmore economical farnainlg, come inand Bee what this little wonderia doing for others.We Gan Demonstrateit to You Any Dayc. s.Coir. Fourth andFH, S. CAYWOOJ), Vice-President.DIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. odcersA. B. HancockJno.S. K.(litcrfHMratt4)y-L2z- l164,415 pounds.rr:'titiBALLu J55Farmers of';-$-.rPleasant St.JOHN T. COLLINS. Jtanaeer.T. CollinsBnnisA. L. StepEemsoxH. S. CaywoodAverage $30.97Average $34.46Average $32.05GARAGE-.,.- Average $30.11 I mE-uuS5dP4m mm:t" . " " "" " l '5. 'fw TMHP- .t , 'll, f. -As"---".xVW"-:;.wi- vI-,'-.y' 7".,i j.THE BOURBON .NEWS, PJLRIS, KESTUCttY. DECEMBER 31, lilt.PlpI SCTZff'Ai: '-uIV... ' i' fmr issf iVuiIw-in-fli1ptAftt,ssr?GetfCEASIHG XSERYKidney Sufferersttle Best or ComfortThere ia little sleep, little rest, little peace for many a sufferer, fromkidney trouble. Life is one continualround of pain. You can't rest atnight when there's kidn'ey backache.You suffer twinges and "stabs" ofin, annoying urinary disorden-imeness and nervousness. You can'tcomfortable at work with dartingains and Minding dizzy spells.Neglect these ailments and serioustroubles may follow. Begin usingikwun's Kidney Pills at the first signof disorder. Thousands have testifiedito tlieir merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:v . Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatI market, 722 Main street, says: "1Jiave .used.poan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes$ln the past and nave oeen.greatly benefited. At times my backwas "weak and lame and the kidney- secretions passed too freely, makingVne get up often at night. I have usel& box of Doan's Kidney Pills at theseit'imesand they have always rid mejot the complaint. I think they are a'splendid medicine and gladly recom-mend them."jPrice 6Dc, at all dealers. Don't"simply ask for a kidney remedy get.Wsv Kidney Pills the same that;Mr. teller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,-rs., Buffalo, N. Y. v (adv)J Averages often are consoling. Forfiistance, it is rather pleasant, to'fea.rh froni the Bureau of Vital Sta--wfeticsthat on the: average, in spite ofwkr disease and the fateful auto, weai living longer ana more ai a uuibtlLh we used to.o? jiAlso it is worth remembereing that'.tkey had been as smart as modern.i oceans Vs elcvc Mtcwv - --,fonr.iiius aaid "Remus could have builte iit a-'day.i(Brofessifessional Cards.JyVM, GRANNANATxorney-ai.-i-.awROOMS 401-402PERST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404ST NAT'L BANK BUILDING,PHONE 1361919ilmoth & ColSxtend to all theirpatrons and friendsKJW YEAR'SREETINGSA cordial invitationif extended to thegeneral public for ashare of its businessduring 1919.W ILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3T6J;tj!,.jJi;;5&aigSUISlTO;,fter XmasClean-UpSaleHA. ofIds and Ends of Itar Xmas StockVne goods at bargaiygtees. Also, a ciena-up on. n:4lidics7 and Misses' suitn, dats, Shoes, DressedartSf etc. ;)Dcpartment Store7th Paris, Ky.IFwJnBfosiliaU. S. HEALTH SERVICE, - ISSUES WARNINGIncrease in All Respiratory .Diseases After the InfluenzaEpidemic Probable.Influenza Ixpscted to Lurk for Months.How to Guard Against Pneumonia.Common Colds Hlehly Catching 1mortanco of Suitable Clothing Couldavo 100,000 Lives.Washington, D. C With the subsidence of the epidemic of Influenza theattention of health officers Is directedto pneumonia, bronchitis and otherdiseases of the respiratory systemwhich regularly causo a large numberof deaths, especially during the winterseason. According to Rupert Blue,Surgeon General of the United StatesPublic Health Service, these diseaseswill be especially prevalent this winter unless the people are particularlycareful to obey health instructions."The present epidemic," said Surgeon General Blue; "has, taught by bitter experience how readily a conditionbeginning apparently as a slight coldmay go on to pneumonia and death.Although the worst of the epidemic isover, there will qontinue to be a largenumber of scattered cases, many ofthem mild and unrecognized, whichwllL he danger spots to be guardedagainst" The Surgeon General likenedthe - pireserit situation" to that after agreat fire saying, "No fire chief whounderstands his business stops playingthe hose on the charred debris as soonas the flames and visible flreiiave disappeared. On the contrary, he continues the water .for hours and evendays, for he knows that there is danger of the fire rekindling from" smoldering embers.""Then you fear, another outbreak ofinfluenza?" Tie was asked. "Not necessarily another large epidemic," saidthe Surgeon General, "but unless thepeople learn to realize the seriousnessof the danger they will be compelled topay a neayy aeatn toll from pneumonia and other respiratory diseases.Common Co ids Highly Catching."It is encouraging to observe thatpeople an beginning to learn that ordinary coughs and colds are highlycatching and are spread from personto person by means of droplets ofgerm laden mucus. Such droplets aresprayed into the air when careless orIgnorant people cough or sneeze without covering their mouth and nose. ItIs also good to know that people havelearned something about the value, offresh air. In sumiper, when peopleare largely out of doors, the respiratory diseases (coughs, colds, pneumonia, etc) are Infrequent; In the fall,as people begin to remain Indoors, therespiratory diseases increase; in thewinter, when people are prone to stayin Dacuy ventilated, ov.emeatea.ropmSf.the respiratory diseases become veryprevalentSuitable Clothing Important"Still another factor in the production of colds, pneumonia and other respiratory diseases Is carelessness or ignorance of the people regarding suitable clothing durlng-the seasons whenthe whether .suddetjly changes, fittingInwaixa rooms' too heavily jessed or,whatsis gejenj nwre gommoospeclailyamong" women, 'dressing- so lightly thatwlnct6wsarekept closed la order to hecomfortably warm. . ThisIs a very Injurious practice.CeuM tave 100,000 Lives,fl believe, we, could easilv save onehmdredtheusand II ves. annually inuiw umwu ouiica n ui uio ucvuib-WiuTtfI3ojTtT&r;tollirlnr follow, for exastnle. 1st taber-cuIojIs sanatoria. Ther Is nothingmysterious about it no speclic medicine, mo vaccine. The Important thinIs right living, good food and pleaty effresh air.Droplet Infection Explained in Plcturts."The Bureau of -Public Health,Treasury Department, has Just Issueda striking poster drawn by Berryman,the weU-knownWashlngton cartoonistThe poster exemplifies the modernmethod of htealth education A. fewyears ago, under similar circumstances,the health authorities would have issued an official dry but" scientificallyaccurate bulletin teaching th role ofdroplet infection in the spread of respiratory diseases. The only ones whowould have understood the bulletinwould have been those who alreadyknew all about the subject. The manin the street, the plain citizen and thev many millions nrha toll for, their livingifould have had no jtlmeand no deslitfto 'wade through "the technical phrasV?logy."USEcocSriwtutKZA. rmvwmKjumTV&mCJUm AM STMAS THBJ WAYCopies Vf this poster can.bs obtained frt f cktrg by writing U theSurgeon General, U. 8. Public ft farvlce,v Washington JD. O. y",-- r "" '&v,Tjb(AN APPRECIATION OF BENNIS'V.SNAPP.By Will A. Hill, Paris, Kentucky.Dennis Vincent Snapp, Paris, Ky.,whose work and interest in , religiousmatters, especially in the cause of theEpworth League of his city, Districtand State, has made him one of thebest known and most universallypopular young men in the MethodistChurch, of Kentucky Methodism, first,saw the light of day near the historicBlue Lick Springs, Nicholas.kgggW,a locality that has enrichedJsSrtickyhistory in many ways. His natal daywas" Saturday, May 9, 1894. His.mother, Mrs. Alice Elizabeth Snapp,(ne'e Hollar, daughter of the Rev.E. 'S. Hollar, of Nicholas County,Kentucky,) was' left a. widow withsix children: Elbridge Lee, agedeleven ; Sherman 'Robert, aged' nine ;Dennis Vincent, aged seven; threedaughters, Gladys, aged four; EdnaDee, aged two, and Elizabeth, onlya few months old.In 1903, Mrs. Snapp, with her sixchildren moved to Paris, BourbonCounty, Ky., where she bravelyreared her large family under themost trying circumstances, her onlymeans of livelihood being dressmaking. It became a" matter of necessity for the hoys to secure work whileobtaining their education.Dennis V. Snapp, the subject ofthis sketch, secured a position, as"printer's devil," with the ParisKentuckian-Citizen, the oldest newspaper in Kentucky, and while working there attended the Paris PublicSchool, graduating from the Grammar School Department in 1911. Heentered the Paris High School, wherehe took a three years' course, and isat present studying law; under the,direction of the American ExtensionUniversity.In September, 1908, on "DecisionDay," at the Paris Methodist ChurchSunday School, Dennis Snapp unitedwith the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, and was formally baptizedand received as a memher of thisdenomination on October 18, 1908.From this time on he displayed amarked interest in the Teligious fieldof activity."In June, 1911, at the age of sixteen, he was elected .President of theParis Epworth League, Chapter No.485, being the yqungest presiding officer ever elected 7?y tjiis .society.There were only about twenty activemembers, of this organization at thattime, but under his capable leadershipthe .Chapter immediately tpok on newlife, and its influence was felt notonly in the Methodist Church, butthe energy and enthusiasm which itcreated, quickened the interest of theother young peoples' organizationsof the city.On July 17, 1913, Mr. Snapp received thirty new members into theParis League and in the Spring of1914, thirty more were added to theroll, and the Paris Chapter becamethe largest League Chapter in theKentucky Conference in point ofmembership, enjoying a total enrollment of one hundred and fifty, withan average attendance at Re Sundaynight devot'onal meetings of overone hundred. This Chapter held theConference Banner for two years.In 1914; this youthful Presidentwas the host of the Fifth Annual Assembly of the Kentucky -ConferenceEpworth League. The CentralMethodist .of." July 2, 1.914, afdT6this assembly, in part: "The FifthAnnual Assembly was decidedly thebest ever held in the history of theConference from every standpoint.Next to the Annual Conference, theEpworth League Assembly is the biggest and most encouraging thing inthe Kentucky Conference. The liberality of the Paris people, the untiring interest and courtesy of Mr..Dennis Snappr the local ChapterPresident, and the handsome newbuilding, made .theplace of meetingideal and the occasibn one of profit."At this Conference, Mr. Snapp wasmade Secretary of the Frankfort District for the League work.On Sunday, May 9, 1915, in celebrating the twenty-first anniversary,oi the .Pans League, by a happy coincidence the anniversary was alsothe twenty-first- anniversary of thepopular young president, and just before -the hp.nedietinn a mpssfintrflrTXfLlAf i .1 - - orhastened down the church aisle witha package for Mr. Snapp,s bearing instructions to open at once. Whenthis was done the package was foundto contain twenty-one onerdollar billstied on a circle of yellow and whiteribbon, accompanied by cleverrhymes. The gift was an expressed'appreciation from the members ofLeague, and by Mr. Snapp's admiringfriends.The members of the Paris Chapteralso have honored Mr. Snapp by having, him to represent them at everyannual League Conference since itsorganization in 1910, at Mt. Sterling,Ky.In June, 1915, Mr. Snapp waselected as the Secretary of the Kentucky Conference Epworth League,and he soon endeared himself to the.Kentucky Epworthians throughoutthe State by his tireless efforts in administering the duties of this office.In the year 1917 he was unani-'mously chosen as Conference LeaguePresident. He is the first lavmen irithe history of the Conference1 to holdm? ,jtjupwuii, jits weu as ueing itsyoungest executive. lie was -re4elected in 1918 and was honored hylthe Conference in being sent to LakeJunaluska, N. C, on a vacation tripwith all expenses -paid, to attend tndFifth Southern Epworth League As-Vsemblyf gIn 1915 a City Union of Young.Peoples' Societies was organized ,5wmen was composed ot all thProtestant denominations, and MriSnapp was chosen President of thiiorganization. He also holds the distinction of being elected a Steward offr . ..v.wxw vsuutyu AV MtVftender aged of nineteen. "Since thatime he has served as Secretary 6:the Board. dhtSLSlG he was elected:Ccerene.milo! for his efficient-iter?fy3 fjtheiesdliitipns Committee expx C9t3uu: tuaiiKs ui tne oonxerenccm these words: "To the Secretary!jjjT. fcums puappf xqj; ms emciencprpval and pleasure that a Voung layrman has filled this important office.!'.As a speaker, Mr. Snapp has iriadfa notable success. The Bourbon-News, published at Paris, EysjiiNJ in its issue-of. Friday, March 3,1911: -.--."' '. ..'; i"! ' "''"The address was full of finV.thoughand brilliant passages:,, reflecting in a"marked decree the intelligence of thespeaker, who har made a reputationas an orator. He has, youth and aspark of dramatic fire, two essentialelements m the "niake-up of a publicspealcer, and seems to be in a class byhimself as a worker for religious in-;fluence among the young people ofParis, and! to which he devotes a greatdeal of his time." 'For a number of years he was Secretary and is now Treasurer of theParis Methodist "Sunday School. Healso servdd otf the' Sunday School Advisory Cdnimiite'e, and is at presenta teacher of the young men's class.On Noj-ember 1, 1918 Mr. Snappwas tendered by the .Sunday Boardof the Kentucky Conference, M. E.Church, South, the position of FieldSecretary for the, Sunday Schoolwork of yie Conference. After muchdeliberat on Mr;. Snapp accepted theposition. This isa new field for theKentucky Conference and a new undertaking hut in the hands of DennisSnapp it will prove a rich field, fromwhich, ;hs is .thoroughly capable ofproducing golden grain.'-y&Startmg as a "printer s devir withThe Ken ;uckian-Citizen he has servedin everyj capacity' connected with anewspaper and will complete his fifteenth year with this paper on January 1, when he will assume charge'of his ,new work. All his spare time inthese years, aside from his work inconnection with this paper, has beendevoted to study and in church work.His office will be retained in TheKentuckian-Citizen Building, whichhe will make as. his headquarters inthe Sunday School work.Personally Mr. Snapp is a mostlikeable young man, popular at homeand away from home. In his business and social connections he hasbeen remarkably adapted, making.friends whose loyalty has neverwavered. Modest and unassuming,yet possessed of energy and "goaheaditiveness," he has made his markand, in "the language of one of hisfriends, "Progress initiative, businessand ability spell the career of DennisVincent Snapp."CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYBefore using this preparation for acough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook Macon, III., writes, "I havefound it" gives the quietest relief ofany coiiglTremedjr I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe,Mo., says "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cannot be beat" for coughs andcolds.' H. J. Moore, Oval, Pa., says,"I have used Chamberlain's CouhRemedy' on Several occasions when 1was suffering with a settled cold uponthe chest and it has always broughtabout a cure!(adv-jan)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSfmr - -i"'"$'r-4. -, '-.JS",1."-f,iWE DESIEEUC. WE WISHSi- ft 4Is-,, .r-r.V'. -. iJlAfl,'A.U:hi,MkttK,-i. ...iA-S .' v, s,-S -A HappyNewYear- .N.&To our -f riefids .and' cusotmers weextend ourbest wishes for a Happyand Prosperous :New Tear; ;au&'thank you for making th&'past year:the best in our history ,And last, but not least, we extendour sincere thanks and good wishesto our boys who helped make "Aworld safe for democracy."Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.M Ml 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 ill II i iIThe J- T..ailHHBBBBBBKSBBBSnBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSSaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBFvBaBPBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBavSlUNDER TAKERSAND MMBALMBRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor tquipmtntaAtnbulnct. calls promptly attentat to with' our' JLimousino invana uoacn.Hearst used for funeral-F Tf' .MM IJ I I Ml 1,1 1 1 I Lp,l J 1"TT? ousix,u.-j UC3SSSSSSSBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSl... . . . BajaaaaaaaaBWnBsaaaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'aPBaaaaaaaaaavviaaaaaalBf' r rTUaTujxWE THANKTO THAKE 0TO .PATRONS FORv.-GEST YEAR'S BUSINESS WE HAVE EYip-HAD. 'OUR' BUSINESS WAS NEARLY ,3K)TJBLE' OP ANY PREVIOUSYEAR, P0R WHICH WE ARE .GRATEWL TO THE GENRE AT, PUB-EVERY,CITIZEN OP THIS NEIGHBORHOOD A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS" NEW YEAR.A. P. WBE$LER & CO.,-Chms. Greenw-,..''"'l:!'""i v '&' "" v.- S-,fv.' - i - - - '-.'... f :Aet1--V - mna-Combination PoliciesV -" : Protect Against? Fire v ;:Thft "Y;:CollisionProperty DamageLiability; And Otter," CasualtiesA. J. FEEisAGENTii t ii 1 1 n it M 1 1 1 1 1 l ll llHinton Co- !Ky.Day phone 36Nlatht t . . asor Home 396purposes only.'-...1 1 tlUJ.IM 1 1 iifrmini'4T-3k:i. ' -0;IX. T. 5" r-.,..SKr'A i-3;W:rrjB:,To;T rONE OF THEvBIkKaiser.- .PqF-v" X:ru. . v'i-fe'.r'..'&?? 33iAUIOWj..'V.i vI-?-ii'V&---.- "';'.-,..-..','- "., f-s -s ' .'y-rfSi-i-.-A:54?' k -trvis-.V'Jr-o -u. . jssaESBBaBaaBBi--". ."rJ,Ur.il2--t ir ,t jt-Wsr -",THE, BOptBO.rJ 71MGEEKJHrTwmmr: pmwatpass, rtf'H - " , . i"' " xVf i. c" vl, A "- v- . w--- V'. -.. ' .-. ..." rN15WS, PARIS, jmmfa& - . - ' " "?;. -T - ; :I;, J.)t -?r-AI;!lr;l!r,,MILLERSBURGThe M. C. will reopen Thursday,Xiary 2nd.$Crs. Ed. Wilson, of Newport, istepejj,ging the Christmas holidays withhfir mother, Mrs. Jennie Letton, and.flimsy.Mr. W. M. Vimont, pJaystf lie,ras the ffuest ofc"hTs mother. 'Mrs.fljjfortha Vimont, from Saturday until'jSjunia-y.W'Mr. Roscoe Linville, of Shelbyjfctlle, was the guest of his brother,M r. Harry Linville, f ropi Friday until Ltonday.1 Miss Alma. Hurst, of Ashland,Sras the guest of her brother, Mr.p. E. Hurst, and Mrs. Hurst, Friday'fo.d Saturday. - .... .Mrs. Burdett Walton, and shin', ofIfcexLngtpn,, spen&ja: portion of . .'theChristmas holidays with' her "mother,Sirs,; Ir-.R. Rigdon; . i.a,.Tj - Mrt M. E. Pruitt and. family wereIpuests&f" hter '.parents, Mr, and Mrs.ipebell Chanslor, at Stanford, fromIFrfday until1 Sunday.,'' LMr. S. M. Allen and -family were.jgueGts, of 'her -parents, Mr. and Mrs.aephriam Wood, at .Stanford, fromatiuiday until Sundayl". J The first prayer meetings wereiieldihere last Wednesday night sincejtte flu baa, went on inOctpber. Theyffrert?all well attended.- Mr. Leer Clarke returned ;to histiJwcne at Louisville, Monday, after"iipaoaing'the Christmas: holidays withliis parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke.V -Mr. G. W. Clifford ..'alnd: . familyiiare returned after spending apartlot 'ihk Christmas holidays with Msdaughteiu .Mrs. Clifford Lee, at Day-ifeoC-O.'-',,s ' '' "J : , -. Prof, .and Mrs. F... J. .Davis .leftMonday for'their home'at Louisvilier,mfter spending the Christmas holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.?. P. Jones." :Dr. E. B. Driscoll is at the homeof 7iis father-in-law, Rev. J. D. Redd,with his wife and little son, from-Samp Gordon, Ga. Dr. Driscoll maysoon, be mustered out of service.; Mrs. .Chas. Friend and children,,of ; Lexington, are spending theOhristmas iioiidays with her parents,Mr. -and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter. Mr.aa&Mrs. Urban Swinford, of Carlisle,were their quests Christinas day.-j. -iMr.aml Mrs Kenton Maffett.ofPogia, 111., have returned to Miller s."Burg, where they will make their furr$ home. Mr. Maffetb- ,will take&sjfge of the farm of his father. Theielusr Maffett and family will sornj&a'e to Cynthiana,: Dr. and Mrs. 5. H. Cray ton and')&,--Master Taylor Crayton,Mr. and'Mrs. K. R. Vaught and Mrs. A. N.Vawght, of Indianapolis, Ind., Mrs.JEC 43. Hutchlngs of Lexington, Mrs.pjSmma T. Long, of Georgetown, havereturned to their homes after sperid5ag;'the Christmas holidays with Mr.aal Mrs. T. "D. Judy and other r?!ativefi. -r-Mrs. Sam Bartlett died at her3kddj3 About &zjl p. m., Thursday,in yudyyilJeZ-vpanish influenza.$3he. , was "onltK three days, andtwo hours prior' to her death gave-&&,-r"v --uSAsAssn :Mil;lliPig. 'Sf.vvvm -as it- .If ',II'DBIG THIS MOST JOYOUS SEASON WHEIf ' THETOTOETOrETEltTOHE REVEET TO THE ; JEIGHESTIDEAI&jOF PEACE, HAPPINESS, GO0J-WHL AM PR0SPIITIT IS HBEED AN APPROPRIATE TDIE i'OR REJOICING? AND THE BESTOWING OF lOVSAIfl) HAPPINESSTHROUGHOUT THIS BROAD LAND OP OURS.WE THANK OUR XANY FRIENDS FOR THEIR VALUEDPATRONAGE DURING .THE PAST, AND WISK THEM THEKOST JOYOUS YULETEDE SEASON THEY HAVE EVER YETEXPERIENCED.V-laTO BOTH OLD FRIENDSMOST HEARTYGOOD FELLOWOTP Ash' TROMIS?ETX MORE PROMPT AND COURTEOUS SERVICE IN THEFfTUlETEMIN.THE PAST.' SHIRE & nTHLiK. M-Mk. Trii jitf.X)T-t.wft-&6Hi"r'-'-iKSCStt'!H. HO ill,-'r-"" ; !K-rl.. isvff4''..iT.?iI?birth to a child. Both mother aridchild were interred in the same casket. She, is survived by her husbandand three children. ,She was 'for;merly MissCrump her parents a.'so.residing in Judyville. Since , he-,death the children have been stricken.with influenza. She was interredFriday afternoon in Millersburg cent-'etery, after a short service at tnegrave by Rev. J. W. Gardner, of theMethodist church. The family havethe sympathy of. the jenUre coramu-'nity 'in - ineir saa loss. -. -The annual',electioh was held inAiniitv Lodsre Friday evening. This:was the first meeting of the lodgesince early in October. But littlebusiness was transacted, most of itbeing deferred until the first meeting night in January, 1919. A largenumber of the membership was prcsVeat. Dr. H. M. Boxley, who was inline for Master, declined to make theracb en" account of pressing- bu&iness. The following officers wereelected: S. W. A. C. Ball, Jr., Dr.H. M, Boxley retiring; J. W. BorlPiummer, R: C." Borner retiring. Thefollowing were re-elected on the deposit of one ballot: Secretary F. E.Peterson; Treasurer S. M. Allen;Tyler G. W. Clifford. The newlyelected officers will be installed atthe regular meeting night in January, at which time the other officerswill be appointed and committeesnamed. At the close of 'the electionthe craft assembled in the diningrood below, where" a delightful menuroom below where a delightful menucocktail, old bam, hot rolls, coffee,fried .oysters, escalloped oysters, pickles, celery, cheese and crackers, clos-ling with brick cream and cake. After the banquet a delightful smoicerTvas enjoyed, in tbe lodge room.STA&T A' CHBISTMAS SAVINGSACCOUNT AT PEOPLES.' DEPOSIT BANK.Don't be without spending moneynext Christmas. Start a ChristmasSavings account now. Our new seriesstart this weekPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCOMPANY. (27-2t), oSELLS INTEREST IN NEWSPAPERBUSINESS.Editor J. T. Wilson, owner of theCynthiana Log Cabin, has sold a onethird interest in' his business to Mr.Fred Atkinson, who has. .been conducting a job printing business there.The change will be made on January1. Mr. Atkinson will be manager ofthe job printing department of theLog Cabin.oBIRTHS.v Twin children were born yesterday morning to the wife of Mr. FredIgo, of Virginia avenue. Two yearsago their first child, a daughter, wasborn on December 0, thus giving allthree the chance to celebrate theirbirthdays on the same date.Imi.' -1X,'i1mlANDNEW WE EXTEND AYQU.;.V5y.wmziiX9SX:ivIComingAttractions.W-mHM 31Marguerite Clark"Out of a Clear Sky"A war time story p;fT3elgmm aridKentucky. Adapted froii' the story byMarie Thompson Da vies.wm. pijcanIn the 11th Epls ide of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"Edward Van Leeuwe OrchestraDEATHS.HAGER.Judge S, W Hager, chairmattof the Kentucky Workmen- CompSnrsation Commission and publisher ofthe Owensboro Inquirer,, died!' ImOwensboro, Friday. He had been ill!for several months.Judge Hager had served as- State:Treasurer and State Auditor and wasthe Democratic ncpninee for Governorin 1908. ", DOOLEY..James Dooley,. 7-3 years old,well-known in Paris and Bourboncounty, died at his residence in Car-lVsle. after an illness of severalweeks' He is survived' by his wid6wand one sister, Mrs. H. C, Reed, ofCarlisle-.' Mr. Dooley has for a number- ofyears been one of the. prominent cit-izens of the county. , lie took an active interest in the Masonic lodgeand for over thirty, years served theCarlisle Masonic lodge, as treasurer.He was a loyal member of the Carlisle Christian church; The funeralwas held at 1:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon. Burial in the Carlisle Cemetery. McKBE:.Joseiih McKee, '-formerly of Palis,where he was for some time in the'employ of the- Cumberland Telephone Co., died at hisinomexHi bnortstreet, in uerea, ivy., last weeu., ancra short illness of influenza, developing into pneumonia.Mr. McKee was at one time mahrar nf thft North Mlddletown exchange of the uuniDenana reiepnono;Co.. and later was in tne piumomgbusiness in Paris, several mouthsago he went to Bereav where he wasengaged in telephone work. He wasabout thirty-five years old.Mr. McKee is survived by msmother. Mrs. Amanda McKee, onesister, Mrs. Chas. Dickerson, and onebrother, Mr. Jesse McKee, an oiParis, . . vThe funeral and burial too placeat Richmond, Friday: Mr. C&ariesMcKee, of Paris, a relative, attended the funeral.SHROPSHIRE.iipKMiss Ida Shropshire received 'atelegram Saturday evening announcing the death of her brother, H. Palmer Shropshire, who died at his homein Los Angeles, Call., at 1:30 Saturday afternoon of influenza.Mr. Shropshire's death came as agreat shock to his family, as his sisters had received a letter and- giftsfor Christmas from him only a fewhours before the news of his death.He was a young man of a very attractive personality and made friendswherever he went. After finishingschool in Lexington, he studied lawin Louisville, then went West, wherehe was very successful m business.He is survived by his wife,, formerly Miss Bess Standish, of Minneapolis, and a little son, Robt.Shropshire, Jr., three sisters, MissesIda, Pink and; Fanny snropsmre, oiParis, and four brothers, Robert F.Shropshire, of Paris, B. N. Shropshire, of New York, Garrett and WtG Shropshire, of Winchester.The funeral was' held in Los.Angeles, with services conducted atthe grave in Los Angeles' beautifulcejmetery.McSHANE.Relatives in this city and coun.ty;lreceived information Sunday or. xnedeath in Cleveland. Ohio, of Mr. C.n MnShane. Jr.. a former resident ofthis city. Mr. McShane naa oeeo 111for about a month, complications ie-:sitlfinir in nneumonia, causing his:death on Sunday. ""Mr McShane was aged about twenty years, and was the youngest son ofIop Mrc. k. Mcsnane, who ira long time was in business in Palis! t-h lnp. Mr. John Dickey, ofnvntMana. After his death, whiefcvsutotirrori several years ago, the'fam-4w -mvo-Art to Cvnthiana. and fromiiAro to Cletelana. Ohio, where Mr.;Msiia.iiA And- his brother. Mr.Edward McShane, secured gooa Pbirtn In the railway service, C. B.McShane being in the freight depart;ment of the New York uenirai n,Cleveland. He was a manly youn$fellow, and had a host of friend? in,this city, who will hear with rjet:of his .death. He is survived fey wjmother and one brother, Mr. BdwardTurahmTe. hoth residing: in ClevIamd.The body will arrive im CyntianaJ.this morning over tne lxraiOTuwmNashville, ani will be takem ftiMmn-riw Cmtarv for imtenpiNit'?t funeral will b helii -at ai-J-Sfwmmmmammmmmmmmmmi''mmmmMMWmTHE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMfil.. -::! " -: i i "WEDNESDAY, JAN. ICecil B. Oemille Presents"THE SQUAW MAN"All Star Caste Elliott Dexter, AnneLittle, Katherine Macdonald,. TheodoreRoberts, Jack Holt, Thurston Hall, TullyMarshall, Edwin Stephens and others.Big V Comedy, "Farmsand Fumbles,"News.MATRIMONIAL.,A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. BernardJ. Wising and Miss Mary Gilbert,both of this county.MITCHELIr BROTHERS.Mr. Frank Brothers and MissCora Mitchell, both v of this councy,were married recently at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev.J. J. Rice, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch, in this city. After the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell left fora bridal tour, their destination notbeing given out.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs;:. Irvine Mitchell, of near Millersburg, and is a handsome and attractive young woman. The groom is aprosperous young farmer. For thepresent they win reside with thebride's parents, near Millersburg.(DEARINX3 BIGGERSTAFFCorporal William A. Dearing andMiss Mary E". Bfggerataff, both residents of the Spears Mill vicinity, inthis- county, were married in Lexington by Rev. J. W. Porter, pa3torL 2" ' ? "KJ'SL 22were accompanied hy R. V. Bigger-staff and M. H- smith, who acted asattendants:.The groom is in the service atCamp- Zachary Taylor, where he hasbeen stationed' In the Depot Brigade. to his parents in November, a yearCorporar Bearing- returned to Camp av0, was returned to him a few daysTaylor Saturday morning:' Mrs. 'ago, the postal authorities. being unpearlng wiTT returm to her. hopie near able to locate them.3 Ixi .G RECTI N G SFOR 1919'f'? a't ' v -.-vi.Happy and Joyous" ;,:v. New Year - : yrr;- ULi- - ?.. ?' -. - ;'; s'- ': ?"" ;, -.- ' ;. "'tfWS.' -t . I I; 'P osiier Iros-r 1 1I . :w&irt'tf. ;i.; '.-- :,. -,l ':.... .: ' S'i.'- .. - -' 'V. ' :i r- IAM' -. ' ;ir;?v ; ' y :7f::mu- c . fmSMakesand PatheSpears Mill until her nusband is released from the service.PRATHER GARRISONMiss Ruby Prather and Mr.GJBarles Garrison, both oC this county,were married at the' residence of theofficiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church,in the presence of a few friends rndrelktives. After the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Garrison went to thegroom's home near Georgetown, toreside in the future.The bride is a daughter of Mr.Thomas Prather, of near Paris, andis a very handsome and attractiveyoung woman. She was a student atthe Millersburg Female" College. -Forseveral months she has- been cashierin the store of Mr. W. S. Hnghes, atOsgood, in this county. The groomis the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Garrison,, of near Georgetown,, and is anindustrious young farmer..TALKT OF HIGH PRICES;ABOUT THESFTHOWJake Stern, of Paris, recently received, a letter from his parents, inRussia, in which they wrote of thedistressing conditions prevailingthere. The letter stated that theirdaughter had been ill for some time,and that in trying to proware someI delicacies for her they met with ex-SSrtSSS &L aWu etailing-for $2.50 each, ana as forchickens, so badly needed for .broths,those were retailing for a sum corresponding to $40 in Americanmoney. A postcard written by Stern-7VX"4v T?,r-, . C -We wish to extend our greetings ofthe season to our many friends andpatrons. We sincerely thank themfor their very liberal patronage andwish to every one and all aTHURSDAY, JAN. 2Alice BradyIN"THE BETTER HALF"you laugh anchcry aid leavesyou happy.Vitaraph Comedy, "tilsWife Got All Credit," amf.the Official War Review.ADMISSION 22cGALLERY 15cChidrt Under 12 Not Admitted.COUNCIL RESCINDS OEDER.At the recent meeting of the CityCouncil a committee composed ofCounoilmen Kiser, Doyle and Veatch,was appointed to check up the. booksof the1 city and' to prepare ax statement a the city's financial condition,to be submitted at the next ( regularmeeting- of that body. i 'Dr. J. M. Williams tendered hisresignation as member of thL Boardof Health, which was accepted; Dr.C. G. Dangherty was elected! ih hi'bplace. On application from. (JlarenceK. Thomas and Rudolph Bitis, 1committee composed of Maytr Jjanuray and Councilmen Veatcbf, Arkhand Kiser was appointed to I cjinf,ewith the Bourbon Fiscal Court (witla view to co-operating in tie 'parchase off two cannon to be placet ii;the court house yard as ornajaxenlts.'ipThe question of the city dis&osingof garbage- placed on the streets incans and? boxes provoked considerablediscussiim Councilman John Merringer addressed the Council on' thesubject, and made a motion tfit theaccumulation should be removedevery day, making the point tH&i asso many business houses and' residences Had no back yards w&ereUhegarbage could be placed, necessity,cojmpelled using the str4ets;.and garbage cans should be rerby the city. Mayor Januarytested the motion, but a vote ied in its adoption by four to tm.was aifco ordered that Mam s-'should be swept daily from 3to Tenth, and that all accumulaof garbage should be removedlPftk,vs.j. -p.-:??&rer. BillJ-A.. f.AA4$iiilibtTlmmmmjKrf.IMMMmMMmWmmtmMMMMeSGS9'lamaaMJ!M9mi!r"Z-'Wt iBPtti-iMf 'mm' TTTTl W Wiif i TWlT T I " T ' ' - - 4.1w&&2&vzzmm -: v: rtatesas ' tMrV., mMUIiMil:''J .lmmBmmmmmmWmmmW '. , - " "VirLKhECT IN ORIGINaTB.. . - - i . "-,..- -- . v k ''';- - c-