5- - :. ---&NEWSs?:PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,i".VOLUMEJXXXVllPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 12, 19181 -4- sBOURBONTHEPARIS CHAUTAUQUA ENDS ASUCCESSFUL MEETINGWith, the appearance here lastnight of the Navassar OrchestralBand, by far the best attraction ofthe week's program, the Chautauqua,-which has been in session since lastSaturday, came to a successful close.The entertainments were all wellpatronized, though some of thembarely raised above the mediocreclass. Still, it was something toamuse and entertain, and the patronage justified the pieans and the endboth.Monday afternoon Miss Pearl'O'Neill, Canadian reader and entertainer, held the audience in enchantment, with a program of Irish dialect selections, readings, impersonations and dramatic readings. MissO'Neill divided honors with Clyde"Wilson McCord, popular inspirationallecturer. On the evening programMiss O'Neill appeared again in a select program, followed by Capt. Richmond Pearson Hobson, in a lecture on"America and the World War."Tuesday's program embraced the"Vierra's Royal Hawaiians at borth afternoon, and evening, they appearingin a pleasing program of musical selections from Hawaiian composers.On the night program they were followed by Bob Seeds, humorist andphilosopher, in an entertaining lecture on the subject of "The Way ItLooks From the Road."Wednesday's program was composed in the afternoon of De Jeu, magician, and De Vito, piano-accordionIst-soloist, followed by Dr. Roland" A.Nichols, in a lecture, "The ManWorth While." At night De Jeu andDe Vito were again featured, followed by a lecture on the war by GeorgeEustis Pearson, a survivor of thecrack Canadian regiment, the Princess Pats, which was a, remarkablerendition of facts as he saw them.The closing day was featured bythe appearance yesterday afternoonand evening of the Navassar Orchestral Band, the premier musical offering of the week's program. This isone of the best Chautauqua attractions that has appeared in Paris foryears, and their selections of musical-numbers were greeted by salvos ofapplause so that they were compelledto respond to numerous encores.The organization is composed of sixteen handsome young women, eachan artist.There has been some very severecriticism of "Capt." Hobso-n's "patriotic" speech on Tuesday night.While we did not hear this address,and with no desire to start an argument .as to the Relative meritsjof prohibition or politics we are Informedthat the "Captain's" utterances bordered very closely on sedition, as itis alleged that he criticized the President, the Fuel Administration, theFood Administration and the Government in general, all because they didnot run the Government as hethought it should be run. In otherwords he was for prohibition first,the war second, and the Governmentand anything else afterward.Rev. B. E. Yiolett's address onSunday night was very .highly complimented by all who heard it, andwas pronounced as being one of themost brilliant and patriotic effortsmade here since the beginning of thewar. He complimented the President, the army and the navy, theGovernment, and especially praisedthe morale of our boys "over there,"and said that we would surely winthis war. "Had the folks back home wantedHobson to help win the war theywould have sent him to the Senateinstead of having him trail aroundthe country in the wake of a Chautauqua program. It will be remembered that President Wilson backedMr. Underwood against Hobson in therace for United States Senator.Probably that is the reason Hobsonis carrying a knife up his sleeve forthe President and his policies. It issaid that some of our most prominent business men and by the wayardent prohibitionists and some Republicans protested in very strongterms to the stage manager of theChautauqua against Hobson being allowed to finish his address along theunpatriotic lines he had been pursuing. To say the least, Hobson saddress left a very acrid taste in themouths of most Paris people afterlistening to a polished, cultured, patriotic orator like Rev. ViolettHobson very 'plainly played the partof a disgruntled peanut politician.One of the gems of the Chautauqua program was the address of Geo.Pearson, one of the survivors of thePrincess Pats Regiment, on Wednesday night. Pearson is doing excellent work for the winning of triewar. Taken as a concrete whole theprogram was well received, and themajority of the -attractions of a hignstandard.laiafeCLOTHING TO BE SHIPPED TOWAR ORPHANS.A large number of interested people called at the residence of Mrs.Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasantstreet, yesterday, to inspect the largecase containing sets of clothing beUg made ready -for shipment toEurope. The shipment will go outto -day .r to-morrow. tThe display embraced completeBets of clothing for the war orphansin France, and for the French wounded, and are to be shipped to theAmerican Fund for the FrenchWar Orphans and Wounded inFrance. The clothing is the result ofdays of unselfish work on the part ofthe women of Paris, and is anothertestimonial to the good - work .theyare doingin the war activities.1 a attptj "KnurPTo-m w a Ttam? crm k ttt.TERMINAL REMOVAL MATTER..The matter of removal of the'Lou,icville & Nashville railroad terminalsfrom Paris to some other point onthe line, not yet determined on, remains in statu quo7 pending the arrival of Government 'representatives, iwho will make a- thorough investigation of the situation, and report toDirector-General otn Railroads McAdoo. While those who have madeprotests against the removal of thetemiainals have met-no direct rebuff,there has been but-'little encouragement afforded them, and all that 'isleft for them to do is to wait andseeo . '. It has been statedby those in aposition to know the inside of thematter that the proposed removal ofthe terminal from this place is .dueto business reasons solely. It wasgiven out that wheq' the Adamsonlaw went into effect ' making theeight-hour work day certain trainmen in the employ of the Louisville& Nashville would collect a minimum wage on the' 100-mile basis,when, as a matter offact, they weremaking runs of seventy-five miles orpossibly less. It was pointed outthat by changing the terminalsandby making all runs one hundredmiles or more in length the Louisville & Nashville would be enabledto pay their employes only for "theactual jmilage made, thus increasingthe length of runs and increasing correspondingly the mony earned by thetrainmen.Last week a telegram, signed byMayor E. B. January and the members of the Boardof Council ofParis, was forwarded "taJVIr. McAdoo,setting forth the desitB of the people of Paris to have the terminalsretained here, and statfttg Vhat property loss would be suffered fei-fore-!ing the employes who would be compelled to move, to sacrifice theirproperty interests here by the changeof location. The following replywas received by Mayor January:"Washington, B C, July 10."E. B. January, Mayor, Paris, Ky."Telegram of the sixth inst., signed by yourself and Councilmen to theDirector-General. Regional DirectorWinchell, at Atlanta, Georgia, hasbeen instructed to thoroughly investigate necessity for removal of theterminals of Louisville & Nashvillerailroad from Paris, and to adviseyou direct his final conclusions."C. R. GRAY."Thus the matter stands, until theresult of the Government investigations has been reported at Washington, and acted upon. It is a matterthat, -of course; deepljr concerns thebusiness welfare of Paris, and it is tobe hoped the result. will be satisfactory and in favor of retentionhere."S3 T3 "5CHAUTAUQUA TENT COLLAPSES:KILLS COLORED BOY.While the bis? Chautauqua tentwas being erected at Millersburgyesterday afternoon, preparatory tothe onenins of the program there today, the tent collapsed, the centerpole in its descent striking a coloredboy named James Baker, aged tenvears, killing him instantly. Baker'sneck, back and collar bone werebroken by the force of the fallingpole, and he received internal in-iuries that would have caused hisdeath independently of the others.The body was removed to his home,and later to an undertaking establishment, where it was prepared forburial.Coroner Rudolph Davis was notified, and nroceeded to Millersburg,where he impaneled a jury and heldan inquest. The testimony developed the facts as above stated, the accident being clearly unavoidable.The following verdict was renderedby the jury:"We, the jury, find that JamesPaker. colored, came to his death bybeing struck by the center pole ofthe Chautauquatent being erected inthe nublic square at Millersburg onThursday afternoon, July 11, and wefurther find that the accident wasunavoidable and that no blame canbe attached to anyone.(Signed)"W. D. McINTYRE, Foreman."MACK JONES."W. A. BUTLER."W. M. MILLER."OWEN INGELS."T. J. JUDY."BIG SHIPMENT OF STOCK.Live stock shipments from Bourbon county continue to go out in increasing numbers, to the financialprofit of the dealers.One of the largest shipments maderecently was a fine bunch of cattleshipped to the Philadelphia marketby Mr. W. A. Thomasson, of theNorth Middletown precinct. Theanimals were purchased of Mr. SamHarding, of near Paris, at 16cents per pound, averaging $237.76a head, or a total of $4,517.44 forthe carload. The steers were fed byMr. Harding, and averaged 1,441pounds.CANNING DEMONSTRATION.Mrs. Martha M. Golsan, BourbonCounty Home Demonstration Agent,will give a demonstration in canningbeans at the Y. M. C. A. building tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon, July13, at 2:30 o'clock. The public iscordially invited to attend.mMILLERSBURG CHAUTAUQUAThe annual Chautauqua, under theauspices of the White-Myers system,I will be held in Millersburg, beginIn in tr to-dav. " The same attractionsthat playedv Paris thisweek will beNfeatured onthe program, r- V r jREGISTRANTS'IN CLASS 1 TO BE. CALLED IN AUGUST.v-State draft .executives have beendirected by Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder to-have local boards call upfor physical examination 11 new registrants under the selective draft lawwho have "been placed irt Class 1.District, and, local boards and medical advisory bodies willbe instructed to speed their work, so as to havenew Class i men available for callto the colors in August. ,Instructions hve- been sent byProvost Marshal 'General Crowder toall local draft, boards' ordering thecessation Qf the privilege hithertogranted "registered men4 of selectingthe arm 'of1 the service-in, which theydesire to enlist when volunteering4.It was learned, officially, however,that no action "has been taken to stopthe voluntary enlistment in thenayy of men of Class-1."Secretary Baker said he had conferred with Major General Crowderregarding this loss of draft men tothe army, but that no decision hadbeen reached to withdraw permissionfor such enlistments.fe Es EaAUTO ACCIDENT VICTIM IN SERIOUS CONDITION,Reports from the bedside of Mrs.Jesse Bannister, of Paris, who wasinjured in the auto accident at DeadMan's Curve, near Lexington, lastSaturday night, state that she is in amore serious condition that the superfiicial examination disclosed.According to information receivedhere Mrs. Bannister had been unconscious since the accident, with'the exception of a few moments whenshe recognized 4iernhusbandrandagain lapsed into" unconsciousness.Physicans fear she has sustainedconcussion of the brain, and possiblyinternal injuries.Mrs. Nannie Hall's injuries were abroken collar bone, and broken arm,besides other severe injuries. Mr.E. R. Rector's back was wrenchedand he, also, sustained other injuries, the extent of which developedlater. The children were uninjured.151 t5l feALLEGED "SNEAK" ARRESTEDGeorge Smith, wanted in Winchester, where it is alleged, he rifled thesafe of the Adams Express Co.'3office, was captured in Paris, Wednes- garments made of these materiday, by Chief of Police Link, andjals that you have discarded,turned over to a Winchester officer.jsend to the Red Cross rooms at thewno iook mm uuuk. 10 tnai cuy. $When taken into custody Smithhad in his pockets $70 in currencywhich was said to have been a portion of the $90 which was reportedmissing from the Express Company'sstrong box. The money was turnedover to the express agent from Winchester, who accompanied the officerhere. Smith would not give an account of the $20bank roll.missing from theIll . IllNETTLETON SHOESI. We are sole agents in Paris for these shoes. They haveno equal when it comes to wear, style and fit, and when youinvest your money in a pair of Nettleton Shoes you will getvalue received for every dollar spent.LOW CUT SHOESx In Tans and Blacks, Light WeightVici Kid and Tan Russia Calf StocksFor the man who wants comfort and ease, let him wearthe Torsic last, made only by Nettleton, Built so as toallow perfect ease and comfort whenyour feet are in theshoes.Buy Your Shoes From OurStore and Be Satisfied !Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe sold onlv bv us. ?Theshoe made with the soft, velvetsnoes tor the man with tenderMITCHELL &... N - I"':':-"-K:-::-::-:s:-::::.::.:;.:seE:.:PARIS BOY TOLLED IN ACCIDENTIN CAUEORNIA.A telegram to Mr. Charles Stephens, of Paris, from Mrs. Wm. L.Yerkes, in Los Angeles, Call., wasreceived here Wednesday, telling ofthe death of Dr. John Miller Steph- Claiborne Caldwell, of Millersburg,ens, a former-resident of Paris. The applied at the Lexington Naval Retelegram gave nq. particulars, but cruiting Station, Monday, for admiswas briefly told, in the following sion to the navy, but was declaredvroF.f' i unavailable because of defective vis-MHier Killed Here in automobileaccident. Particulars will follow."Dr. Stephens was the youngestson of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Stephens.He was born in Paris thirty-ninejcaia abu, aim alivi passing mruuguthe various stages of school prepara- Ued to duty in the hospital detory life attended college at Yale, partment of the camp. Mr. Board is"C1 WCV1U glCbUU tiling VV1L11 lllgU 11LHI-ors at one of the leading medicalcolleges. Upon leaving Paris he located in California, where his brothers, Dr. W. Barclay Stephens and Dr.Charles J. Stephens had precededhim. He opened an office in Pasadena, Cali., and began practice as aspecialist in the treatment of eye,ear, nose and throat troubles. Hesoon became one of the leading members of the fmedical profession in hisadopted home, and won a high placein the esteem of all who knew him.Dr. Stephens came to Paris in thesummer of 1917, to be present at thegolden wedding anniversary of hisparents, and spent many happy daysin renewing old friendships and revisiting ecenes of youthful exploitsand pleasures. His brothers, Drs.Barclay and Joy Stephens, accompa-nied him and shared in the joy ofthe reunion and the pleasurable eventthat had brought them together.Dr. Stephens is survived by hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Stephens,of Paris, two brothers, Drs. Barclayand Joy Stephens, both residing inSan Francisco, Cali., and one sister,Mrs. Woodford Spears, of Paris. Itis not known whether the body willbe brought to Paris for burial or interred in California.The sympathy of the entire community goes out to the stricken parents and to the brothers and. sisterof this highly-esteemed young man.RED CROSS APPEAL.The Red Cross Society of BourbonCounty has been asked to make 250pairs of trench foot slippers. Thematerial should be velvet or corduroyor heavy cloth, such as (men's clothesare made of. We are asking forpcouru nouse any aay uut-auunuay auuSaturday. Louisville made 100 pairswithout having to buy a yard of maetrial. MRS. OWEN DAVIS,Chairman of Woman's Work.THE BEST MOWER AND RAKE.The John Deere Mower and Rakethe best made.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.Are KnownFrom CoastTo Coast!- like cushion sole-the? only Hui?ranLn 0l!JSrrJ'Zfeet.Rl AKFMORFmIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.ion.VLyons Board, formerly of Paris,has been transferred from CampZachary Taylor to Camp Shermdn,nfl,r m,niantr,a -har-a -h -ha Koa son of Mrs. Wm. E. Board, of Louisville, lately of Paris.Corporal R. Hord Lovell, of Paris,who was recently transferred fromCamp Zachary Taylor to CampWadsworth, near Spartansburg, S. C,wrote his father, Mr. M. B. Lovell,that he was in New York City onwaiting orders, his destination thenbeing unknown, but probably "overseas." George Morton Jones, of MillSrs-Iburg, who is in the U. S. Navy service, has made four round trips toFrance on one of the U. S. transports. Jones has been in Millersburgon a visit to his mother, Mrs. MattieJones, and his wife. He returnedTuesday for an Eastern port to report for duty.Mr. Edwin Thomas, son of Hon.C. M. Thomas, of Paris, has gone tothe thaining camp at Plattsburg,New York, where he will take acourse of intensive training as amember of the Officers' Reserve Corpsat that camp. Young Thomas hasbeen a student at Center College,Danville, the past two seasons.Mr. George ("Tommie") Frakesand Jos. Q. Frakes, sons of Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, of Paris, are now inUncle Sam's service The former isa member of Co. 51, 13 th Battalion,159th Depot Brigade, at Camp Zachary Taylor, and the latter is in themedical corps of the Hospital divisionat Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe,Ohio.Two sons of Mr. and Mrs. KingRedmon ,of near Paris, have dedicated themselves to the service of UncleSam in the navy. Mr. John TalbottRedmon has l)een in the service several months. His brother, Mr. Rutherford Redmon, enlisted in the service recently, and has been assignedto the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation for training.4- ,Mrs. Durand Whipple, of LittleRock, Ark., who has been a guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. M.Dickson, on Stoner avenue, hasgoneto Camp Dix, in New Jersey, to visither husband, Mr. Durand Whipple,who is a member of the Judge Advocate-General'sstaff. Mr. Whipplewill accompany the staff when itleayes soon for France.Corporal Walter McPherson hasreturned to Camp'Zachary Taylor, after spending a short furlough withhis father, Mr. W. R. McPherson, andsister, Miss Nonearl McPherson, onHarmon street. Corporal McPherson has been acting as Sergeant forsome weeks, preparatory to promotion to that office, which all of Walter's friends agree will be a deserved recognition of his services as asoldier.Dr. W. M. Savage, of Cincinnati,who was recently commissioned Captain in the Medical Reserve Corpsof the United States Army, was aguest several days of his brother, Mr.Jaynes Savage, and other relatives inthis city this week. Capt. Savage isa native of Millersburg, a graduateof the'M. M. I., and of Center College, at Danville, and the Ohio College, of Medicine at Cincinnati.At Lexington, Wednesday, theMedical Advisory Board of the Seventh Kentucky District gave fourteen men medical examinations.Only seven Qualified for service.Four of the number were from Bourbon county, their cases being decidedby the Board as follows: Chas. G.Butler, qualified; Miller W. Kiser,qualified; Homer B. Taylor, qualified; H. L. Kennedy, not qualified.Mr. L. A. Murphy, formerly ofCannel City, was a guest this weekof Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Faulconer".Mr. Murphy was &' piember of thecrew of the torpedoed ship PresidentLincoln. Just before the shipplunged to its final resting place hejumped overboard and swam to alaft, on which he floated for eighteen hours before being picked upby the rescuing convoy. He tellsmany thrilling stories of the lastmoments of the ill-fated ship,jThree nephews of Mr. Japnes M.O'Brien, of Paris, sons of his sister,Mrs. Tobie O'Brien Lanagan, of San.Francisco, formerly of Paris, are nowenlisted men in the service of UncleSam. All three are in tne armyLanaean is now in France as a memher of the Tenth Co., .Aircraft Bat-jfij talion, Wm. A. lianagan is chief asUJ sistant to the Commanding Officer atH t the army camp near Alexandria, Va.,'and Mr, Fred R. Lanagan is FirstI Lieutenant In Battery F, S41st FieldK ArtniM-v in France. All three werein business in San-Francisco beforethe declaration ofar. and respondedto their country's call:COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS. "The Paris City Council mefTatnight in regular session with a fullmembership present. -The Street Committee made "a report on the Mann pavement oPleasant arid Sevedth street. Ttfcommittee recommended that the cityallow $62.50 toward the building ofsaid pavement provided the fence onSeventh street was moved back, without cost to city. Motion carried andresolution was passed ordering same.Ordinance was passed ordering:owners along line of sewer main totap said sewer.Mayor January presented his vetoto the Council, which killed the order to (make salary of Health Officer$400.00 per annum. Motion wismade to carry over Mayor's head.Vote was taken and stood 4 to 3,which failed to affect the veto, us Ittook a two-thirds vote to change it.The question of watering SouthMain street was taken up, and by avote of 6 to 1 it was decided to discontinue same, as the expense to thecity was so great, it being about$10.00 per day.The Improvement Committee referred the three, bids on the buildingof the new sewer line on the Eastside of Paris, and the"one of $19,951was accepted, provided the bondscould be sold. Also bid of a superintendent of $750 for overseeing jobwas accepted.The Light Committee submittedthree ordinances for passage regulating the prices on gas and electricity,but in courtesy to the Gas & ElectricCo., they were passed over to a future meeting, when the company'sattorney is expected to be present.The meeting will probably be to-nightor to-morrow night.A resolution was passed givingthe pool rooms of the city th6 rightto remain open until 12 o'clock Ihitil the 1st of October.A committee was appointed toconfer with the City Treasurer andprepare a financial statement of thecity's affairs and have same published.POLICE APPREHEND EYASIVEEVADERS OF THE DRAFT.Andy Benjamin, a Lexington4 oSlof'ed man, was placed under arrest Inl.i -:i -itt-j j . i - 'Geo. W. Judy on information fromtins uilj vveanesaay oy Jfatroimanthe Lexington authorities that hewas wanted there on a charge' ofstealing a raincoat. Benjamin claimed Middletown, Ohio, as his home.He said that he was on his way therewhen arrested. He was held for theOhio authorities, close questioningby Chief of Police Link developingthe fact that he was a draft eva'der.He could not produce his registrationcard, and his replies as to why hewas not in the service were evasiveand unsatisfactory.WiUiam Lawrence, of this city,,was arrested Jiere by Chief of Police?Link and Patrolman Lusk on thecharge of being a deserter from CampWadsworth, at Spartansburg, S. C.He is a brother of Litt Lawrence, oneof the Bourbon county draftees whowill go to Ft. Thomas, Monday. Heis being held here awaiting instructions from the camp authorities.Arthur Hillman, giving Harrisoncounty as his home, was also placedunder arrest by the same officers onthe charge of failing to register andevading the draft service. Hillmancame to Paris on the interurban carfrom Lexington late at night. Hehas been engaged as a farm hand onthe farm of Mr. A. J. "Wagner, nearthis city. Hillman was turned overto the government authorities andtaken to Cincinnati, Wednesdaymorning.Ts ?m sTHIRTY-POUR WHITE DRAFTEES. POR FORT THOMAS JULY 15.Thirty-four young white men tobe selected from the list of eligiblemen will entrain at the Tenth streetL. & N. passenger station in thiscity, Monday, for Ft. Thomas, where--theywill be inducted into the military service of the United States.It is not known yet who will beincluded in the draft, as the list hadnot been prepared by the Board ofExemption yesterday.The boys will report at the office ofrthe Board in the court house Sundayafternoon, where they will receivetheir final instructions and the sameprocedure gone through with thathave taken place with, other contingents sent from this county. Theywill be entertained at supper at theCrosdale House. They will entrainat the Louisville & Nashville passenger station at 2:30 in the afternoonon that day, and will leave in aspecial car for Ft. Thomas, wherethey will be taken into the serviceof the United' States. .P ? S3 'SPEEDER ITNED.Newton Myers, of Paris, who wisarrested Sunday by Patrolman. Geo.W. Judy, for exceeding the spelimit in his auto, pleaded guilty before Police Judge Ernest Martin, aa"dwas fined $22.50 for his fun. - &QUITE ILL.j Mj3 j DUt her bopThompson is quits ill19 on Duacan avs&u.yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYrFRIDAY, JULY 12, 111.TWOW BOURBON 'NEWSed 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationritfnTirri Every Tuesday and FridayTear. . ?2.00 5 Months. . ?i.uvPayable in Adavance.OftttFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.jtm erroneous reflection upon theKfcer, standing or reputation oifttcson, firm or corporation "which.ar. appear in the columns oi xniuWaaBQN NEWS will be gladly corMto if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESrWkQtey Advertisements, $1.00 pertor first time; 5U cents per mencuhRprment insertion.mmAdne Kntio.es. 10 cents per linema-ji Issue; reading notices in blackEf, 20 cents per line, eacn issue.SJmcmJS OL UUiuajj, wiuo uu. ,.-, obituaries and resolutions, anair matter. 10 cents Der line.Special rates ' for large advertise-"Mxwitr and yearly contracts.Tfc3 right of publisher Is reserved--J ctiQariy advertisement or other" amtil r " for1 publication.&aaMmr&ments for political offices:-mamt invariably be accompanied byfsoea.-B-f This paper has enlisted"pariththe government in the--qcaxjse of America for thesperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS..Day Of Older Men.In these times of war comes the73y of the older men. It was only a1Tew years ago that employers were-&sSHag men of forty, forty-five andZSISy that there was little for them.3Ehi of over forty thought well bere leaving their jobs, as they cameifa'&now that it would be hard to get-faers. In those days there was:wBacb. talk of the unavailability ofolder men, of the young bloodthe available men.Sat now it is no longer unfortun---aifte to be old. No longer are expe-3iw2.ee and ability and proved faith-iSsSaess thrown aside for the smooth--afifecelc, the unfurrowed brow and the-afcek and bluster of youth. In theseTffrrrrn of war when the younger (men3KBe"eing taken by the thousands for"aEfee service of the nation, the older"nen aire a necessity. Employers mustkv them, and in many cases are"MwnTiiiL" that while physical energy"asey be an offset, faithfulness, skill,:prced ability, years of experienceanen "have put up behind them, arevalue, too. So the older man iswarecoing into his own again.ftuch of the disregard of the value3 age, moderate age, of course, by-tpIoyers has been due to pensionfSfcems, compensation laws and otherassdern humanitarian accessories toIfcsmess which it was held made its55ssary that employers select withzsegaerd. to physical condition and age.T Mk" i i rn there they are finding, nown flMSi'age is forced upon them, thatsa -xe virtues in moderate age,('experience, "well worth cultivat-Thus another modern thoery is"knocked galley-wTest through:grim necessities of war, and jus-JSee Teturns to itself to see that val--wes-wrongly discounted are daily-"SBBcognlzea. , . ;, , rl'-.j'-i,tltMantes "Mean Something.They '"have stopped calling the-SfcMetioan soldiers in France "Sam-geScsr an"&"ae-now calling them in:, most affectionate way, "Yanks."TE6 first name was not in keepingisrrQi tlie diginty of the American Ex-"eaitionary Forces, and "Yanks,"afci3e -not a very great improvementt3k '-really more expressive. There was3E. time when it was not very populara this section of Kentucky, and inwmy sections of the South". In fact,liaLLJag the war between the States,txal lor almost a decade after, itMfMBSaija. that the younger people did"asii'fcnow for a long time that "damTaxik.ee" wasn't one word.TEmes have changed and we have-cTrauKged with them since then, and&C3PpeTlation is no longer considrd arpeproach, especially when ap' p4ied"to T:he Tn-axe boys from the3Koigrass atfd from the mountainsectiaa. who -are maintaining theis&qBorand traditions of the free and&e home of the'-brave on the firing"Hne in a foreign land. The same-tfeiag has oVtained with regard toJOfe appellation of "Johnnies" formerly bestowed upon the FrenchtSg)c They are now affectionatelyit eJrtea to as "Poilus," a term sigt "llif cant of friends, warriors, com"ixfies Iml arms and mighty and valiantniaues of the despised and murder--rfsas"hordes of Kaiser Bill.CThe Sport of "Kings."'There Is an insistent demand that-SSnre should be uo more racing un-HM After the war is over; but Chair-mma Johnson N. Camden, of the3Jate Racing ComHifiwionvsayaheccan"real good logical reason forsee notaking such a step. We agree witn'him. We are nearly all of us loversof the 'facing game, and alinost anyof us wpiild go a long distance tosee the bangtails contest, for supremacy on the turf. It looks like reformation gone mad. There is nothing to be conserved by stopping theraces, any more than there would beby lopping off the necessities of life.Racing may be a luxury to some, butto most of us it -furnishes a welcomerelaxation from the grind of everyday life. If the reformers are goingto take all the joy out of life, let'sall join the army, no matter what ourphysical or mental condition may beand leave them to run the countryto suit themselves. They're tryingto do it anyway.Telephone Texts In Bible.While the telephone was notknown or possibly not even dreamedof in the old Biblical times, it seemsthat some of the writers of that wonderful book must have had some kindof premonition that such a thingwould some day become a part ofthe world's equipment. A personalfriend of the writer, who is a studentof the Bible, has discovered the following references in different partsof the book to the telephone, as follows: The Company "Their lines havegone out unto all the earth and theirwords to the ends of the world,"Psalms xix, 4; Trunk Lines "Thylands shall be divided by lines,"Amos, vii, 17; The Service "Theyare employed in that work day andnight," I Chron., ix, 33; Monopoly"We have no rights againstthis great company," II Chron. xx,12; "Now shall this company lick upall that are about us?" Num. xxii,4 ; Threatened Competition "See,there are people down by the middleof the land, another company comesalong," Judges, ix, 37; "Charge thepeople," Exodus xix, 21; "A dailyi ate for every day," II Kings, xxv,30; "And kept back part of theprice," Acts v, 2; Information "Isthere any number?" Job xxv, 3; "Hetelleth the number," Psalms cxivvi,4; "The number is 666," Rev. viji,18; "I understand the number," Daniel, ix, 2; The Call "When I callanswer speedily," Cant., v, 6; "Thenthey waited, according to their order," I Chron. vi, 32; "Call now, ifthere be anjr that will answer thee,"Job, v, 1; "Where is the receiver?"Isaah, xxxiv, 18; "Let every man beswift to hear and slow to speak,"James i, 19.HOW THE BRITISH "TANKS" RECEIVE THEIR NAME.Because a fellow of the RoyalHistorical Society has unintentionally misled the British public as tothe origin of the famous "tanks,"Sir William Tritton, who designedand built them, has published thereal story of their name, says thePopular Science Monthly. It seemsthat on the early days of the war,Sir William Tritton's firm made sometractors for hauling heavy howitzers. Admiral Bacon, then managingdirector of the Coventry OrdnanceWorks, expressed regret that theywould not cross the trenches. Thatmade Sir William think.He thought with such success thathe produced a tractor known as"Little Willie." Since it was obviously inadvisable to herald "LittleWillie's" reason for existence to theworld, he was known as the "Industrial Demonstration Unit." "LittleWillie's hull was called in the shoporders a 'water, carrier for Mesopotamia,' " no one knew that the hullwas intended to be mounted on atruck. Naturally, the water carrierbegan to be called a "tank." So thename came to be used by managersand foremen of the shop, until nowit has a place in the army vocabularyand will probably be so known inhistory for all time.ENLISTS AT 53; SAYS HE'S 39.The American Magazine has an ar;tide about "Froghorn" Macdonald,who enlisted as a private in theCanadian forces at 53 and is now aMajor at 57. The author of the arctide says:"By canoe for thirty-one daysthrough the widlerness, by an old tubof a leaky steamboat, by whatevermeans of travel he 'could find, including his own feet, he made hisway back to Winnipeg, only to findthat the troops had left. All right!A machine gun company was beingformed and he applied for that."The recruiting ofl&cer was afriend of his, had helped celebrateFroghorn's fifty-third birthday theprevious January. But when in making out the papers he came to thequestion: 'How old are you?' andFoghorn whipped out, 'Thirty-nine!'He never batted an eye-lash."Before his official cronies at Ottawa knew it, Macdonald was on hisway to England a private at 53!Two years later he was a Major; theonly man in the forces of the Allieswho has risen from the .ranks tb thatgrade in the present war."THE JOY OF LIVING.To enjoy life we, must have goodhealth. , No one can -reasonably Hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poisons thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headachVand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will' move the"bowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realize the real'.joy of living. Try it.THE BEST PROOF 'GIVEN BY APARIS CITIZEN.Doan's Kidney Pills were usedthey brought benefit.The story was told to Paris residents. Time has strengthened the evi-dence.Has proven the result lasting.The testimony is home testimonyThe proof convincing.It can be investigated by Paris residents. Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 MainStreet, Paris, says: "Kidney troublecame on from a fall and the resultswere very severe, causing me moresuffering than the fall itself. No onecan ever know what I went throughat that time for I suffered awfully.My back ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two.Sharp twinges shot through my kidneys and if anyone had hit me inthe back with a heavy axe it couldnot have hurt worse. In one weekafter using Doan's Kidney Pills, Ifelt like a different woman, for theyfixed me up in fine shape. (Statement given February 17, 1908.)On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)COURT DECISION REMOVES POWER 0E LIQUOR LAW.The first case to come up under therecent act of the Legislature, whichmakes it unlawful to bring liquorinto dry territory for personal use,was presented in police court atGeorgetown, Monday afternoon, andthe two defendants, Merritt Martinand John Grayson, were dismissed byJudge Zach' Meyers.Judge James F. Askew, representing the defendants, demurred to thewarrants on the ground that they didnot state any offense, and because ofthe fact were void. After arguingthe case, he cited the decision of theCourt of Appeals in the case of theCommonwealth vs. Campbell, 133,Kentucky, page 50, in which theCourt unanimously held in an 'elaborate and learned opinion" that therewas no power given the Legislatureto prohibit or forbid the possessionor use of intoxicating liquor by individuals. City Attorney Llewellyn F. Sinclairstated that in view of the law as interpreted by the Court of Appeals inthe Campbell case, it was his opinionthat the act of the last Legislaturewas void, ;vnd declined to insist onthe prosecution of the two defendantsupon this charge.In rendering his opinion the Courtsustained the demurrer and dismissedthe warrants.3 3 TEiPRESIDENT USES TELEPHONEMr. Wilson uses his telephone morethan any other President. For instance, he has private telephonewires to Secretary Lansing, to Secretary Baker and to Secretary Daniels. The newspaper men write onlyof the conferences they know about,those that they see. On days of bighappenings in international policiesthey record it as very significant ifmembers of the Cabinet are seen going into consultation with the President, but they are obviously unaware of the many more times thatMr. Wilson has conducted his consultations over the wire.The President telephones to scoresof officials, Senators and Representatives, not merely because it is a morerapid means of communication, buthe can end the conversation so muchmore easily. Incidentally, there isno one in Washington who can terminate a personal conference sogracefully when the businessin hand is completed. Thereis no lingering gossip or story telling.Not that Mr. Wilson wouldn't enjoyit as much as did Mr. Roosevelt orMr. Taft, but in only rare cases doesMr. Wilson permit any such relaxation. t . .m m mA DISSIPATED ORANG-OUTANG.My orang-6Utang, says Dr. J. F.Scheltema in Wide Warld, was not somuch a man as a wofiian, or rathera young girl of the woods.- NamedEophia, she displayed a truly feminine spirit of curiosiy, and a talentfor imitation that excited the wOii-'der of all who beheld her. She tookher afternoon ride on a tricycle presented to her by a circle of juvenileadmirers. But she was not faultless,and at timse could be very naughty.She was most naughty when underthe influence of strong drink, for,notwithstanding her tender age, shehad I grieve to say it an inconveniently loose lip. She knew thelocation of the wine cellar far toowell, and did not scruple to take advantage of that knowledge whenever our Tamby butler forgot to lockits door and bar its windows.Stealthily purloining a bottle or two,preferably of champagne, or somesweet cordial, she would retire to aquiet corner, neatly knock off thenecks to get at the contents, and thenindulge without stint or measure.Getti'n hiliarious and uproarious shewould soon divulge, by her unseemlypranks, what had happened. Then,mounting her tricycle, she repairedsometimes to the public street, swaying from one side to the other, barkedat by' disgusted dogs and certainlynot aft edifying sight to see.HAMILTON OTND , .COMMISSIONERS TTBMT'kraUALREPORTHon. Judge andMembers of theFiscal Court:The Commissioners of the Hamilton Fund, haying chosen the beneficiaries for the coming year, areready to report. Ten of the lastyear's beneficiaries, for variousreasons, did not apply again, j;hus wewere enabled to add several newnames to the list.As usual, on account of insufficientfunds we have 'been obliged to disappoint 18 or 20 applicants, some ofwhom have been on the waiting list2 or 3 three years. We have carefully considered each name and ourselection is in our judgment, the bestthat could be made under the circumstances.A large majority of the girls havedone most excellent work, and willbe a credit to the Fund. Two orthree have been indifferent, andshould they show no improvementduring the next year, their names willbe replaced by others who are moredeserving. The list follows:9Old Beneficiaries:Mattie McClure, Midway Orphan School $100Sudie Montgomery, State Normal 100Edna Snapp, University of Kentucky 100Sallie May Bonta, Midway Orphan School 75Eleanor Lytle, Business College- 90Mary L. Bruce, Millersburg Military Institute 75Isabel Merimee, State Normal 50Lena Cooke, Millersburg HighSchool 50Katie Roberson, MillersburgHigh School 40Gladys Johnson Business College 1 50Mary Smith, Business College 50Zuma Stone, Pans City School 40Favola Dundon, Paris CitySchool 40'Lucile Hall, Paris City School 35Geraldine Herrin, Paris CitySchool 35Mary Connelly, Paris City School 25Florence Hedges, Paris CitySchool 25Agnes Walsh, Paris City School 25New Beneficiaries:Ann Hatfield, Midway OrphanSchool 50Eula Gilbert, Parochial School. 35Ruby Hall, Paris City School 25Ann Brophy, North Middletown 25Lupinda Patton, Paris CitySchool 25Kirby Woods, Paris City School 25Margaret Hill, Paris City School 25Christine Feeback, Paris CitySchool 25May Tyree, Paris City School. 25Margaret Shea, Parochial School 25Respectfully submitted,MRS.' J. J. CONNELL, Chairman.MRS. W. D. McINTYRE,MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.n toAUSTERLITZ ITEMS.Mrs. Lee Bollman, of Cynthiana,is a guest of her aunt, Mrs. J. N.Smith. .Mrs. Nannie Kimbrell is visitingher mother, Mrs. Aquilla Jones, inCarlisle.Mrs. Qma Ritchie andMrs. Nancy Ritchie have returned from a visitto relatives in Winchester.Mrs. Lee Bollman and Mrs. Vernon Bryan were guests several daysof Mrs. Homer Ritchie and family.Mrs. P. L. Gray and childrenhave returned to their home in Winchester after a visit to Mr. NathanSmith and family.Miss Willie Barr, of Carlisle, isa guest for a few days this week ofher cousin, Mrs. J. N. Butler.Mrs. J. R. Butler, Mrs. Kimbrell,Mrs. Lee Hollman. Mrs. Vernon Bryan and Miss Willie Barr were guestslast week of Mrs. Marshall Weigott,in Clintonville.LAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it.(adv-july)Cottage For Rent.Nice frame cottage on Vine'street,ley. Has bath and all modern conadjoining residence of W. H. Whitveniences. Call on or address(5-tf) JOHN T. HINTON.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCabs, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, RoPiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3TSWfmeniAtffcndantsWanted, women attendants. Experience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks)For Rent.Modern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street. Apply "toMRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT,() High Street.Dissolution Notice!The firm of Dickerson & DouglasGarage has been mutually dissolved.Mr. Dickerson retires from the firm.Mr. Douglass will collect and settleall accounts of the firm.B. R. DICKERSON,J. S. DOUGLAS.(2-6t)See Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandComI'vNo better onHave stood theC. S. BALL OARAiCor.! Fourth anda tFor Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress, NMRS. JACK WOODS,206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.(18-tf) Home Phone 397.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WDDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)OptometryMeans Eye ServiceParis' exclusive optical parlors.Frames and Mountings, all stylesLorgnettes, Binocular Auto Goggles.Shades ground in any color desired.We do frame repairing and can duplicate any lens, no matter where fitted. Nothing but high-grade material used. Call and let's get acquainted Optometrically. We chargefor examination.Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin"OPTOMETRIST."Both Phones. 520 Main StAll Kinds ofMliithe markettest of ysvPleasant Sfe.Binders"vim BouMWt Nrwa, FAiai-KtiFRIDAY, JULY 12, 1818.A x.iI3 i.-.A SagSgLiJAaiS. -t-AAgjHfaOfc?-. iMtf5fat arfcgwMICKIE SAYS. DAUBIN SICrNS ON FENCfcS,AN' BARNS AN SIDEWALKSWAS HAJEDBEEN COKSOtft.EOADVERTISE Cr FORE THEN WUZANV NEVMSPKPEttS.BLl-r Twcm'c(NO EXCUSE FGft SOCH STUNTSANN MORE NlTtt THIS HEREG-REAT PANMLV JOURNALCONitN' OUT REGLAR.HE, BOSS?NifiltCKIB! A&E "IYOU TQVING JTO WOK MB JTO KEEP TAB ON LOCAL SALESOF SUGAR.To make it impossible for personswho are attempting to disregard thefood regulations to procure more thantheir share of sugar and flour by buying the lijinit of their allowance atmore than one grocery, the Food Administrator has issued orders to retail dealers requiring them to keepa record of sales of sugar, fiour andflour substitutes. This is alreadyeffective.Every dealer is required to keepan itemized record of all sugar, flouror flour substitutes sold to their respective customers, and to report thesales to the Food Administrator atstated intervals. The system ofsigning certificates for sugar forcanning must be rigidly observed, theorder states, and reports on the salesfor such purposes must be made regularly. It is stated in the order thatthe dealers who fail to comply maybe deprived of their supply of thosecommodities affected.IS-FOOD ADMINISTRATION ORDERSPURCHASE OF WINTER WHEATA telegram has been received byCounty Food Administrator LawrenceMitchell from State Food Administrator F. M. Sackett, of Louisville, stating that he has an order for 100,000"bushels of No. 2 red wheat at $2.19per bushel. The accpetances are tobe made after the Federal officialshave made their official inspection ofthe grain at Louisville. This offeris good on the markets of Paris, Lexington, Winchester, Georgetown andNicholasville. . 'Y. M, C;-ArI)lIE PIOBABLY'TOBE HELD IN OCTOBERThe statement' has been made 'thatthe objective for the next Army Y. M.C. A. drive has been set at over$100,000,000. This sum will be necessary if the work of the associationfor the American soldier in thiscountry and in foreign fields and thatnow being done for our allies is tobe maintained at normal.The date for the opening of thedrive has not yet been set, but itwill probably take place in October,and now for the first time since thedecision "was made to conduct another fund-raising campaign, is anitemized list of figures available.The amount will likely total $112,000,000, as follows:For Y. M. C. A. work inthe United States $29,000,000For Y. M. C. A. workwith the Amerciantroops in France. . . . 42,000,000For Y. M. C. A. workwith American troopsin England 2,000,000For similar work withthe French army .... 9,000,000For similar work withthe Italian army 2,000,000Work in. army and prison camps in Russia. . 1,600,000Other allied needs andprisoners of war .... 2,000,000Working capital in carrying on canteens . . 20,000,000For workers in war industries in the UnitedStates 5,000,000SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Total $112,000,000There are at present more than600 Y. M. C. A. centers in France,at all of which soldiers may securethe same kind and variety of goodsthey would be sold in an army exchange. This immense mercantileexchange in France is under Y. M. C.A. co-ntrol and requires a large working capital.A large sum is also needed to further the work of the Y. M. C. A. inRussia, where the secretaries aresaid to be doing much to prove topresent leaders of that country theunselfishness of the allied governments. Dr. Milford Lyons, of WinonaLake, Ind., who has just completeda series of lectures in Y. M. C. A.buildings at Camp Zachary Taylor,speaks in glowing terms of the workdone by the association overseas.Last fall he was invited by theNational War Work Council to go toFrance and speak to the soldiers.CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, biliousness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them atrial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do for you.They only cost a quarter.(adv-july)Miss Marcella Ryan is visitingfriends in Cynthiana.Miss Juliet Turner has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Una Varden, inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Henry areat home from a visit to friends inMt. Sterling.Miss Sena Rion has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Robert Ogden,in Winchester.Misses Elizabeth Brown andAnna Connell were in Cincinnati several days this week.Mr. George Browner, Jr., is aguest of his mother-, Mrs. B. Mj Moon,in Mt. Healthy, Ohio.The Misses Rourke, of Nineteenth street, have as their guest MissMaritta Farrell, of Somerset.Mrs. John B. Mackey and MissNora Shannon, of Covington, areguests of relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin haveas guest at their home on Cypressstreet, Mrs. J. B. Evans, of Earlington. Mrs. Zerelda Baxter, guest of Mr.and Mrs. Homer ICiser, in this city,has returned to her home in Richmond. Miss Agnes Kendall, of Frankfort, is visiting her grandmother,Mrs. Anna Browning, on Highstreet.Mr. Jefferson Denton is in SouthCarolina on an extended businesstrip connected with the tobacco industry. Mrs. William Howard has returned to her home in Richmond, after a visit to friends and relatives inthis city.Miss Julia Houston is hostessat her home on the Cynthiana pike,near this city, to Miss Irene Smith,of Louisville.Mrs. Charlton Alexander, whohas been at Martinsville, Ind., undertreatment for rheumatism, returnedto her home near this city this week.Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein has returned to her home in this city, af-1ter a visit) to her parents, Mr. andMrs. S. Oppenheimer, in Huntington,Wx Va.Miss Mary Martin and guest.Miss Florence Conner, and WoodfordHouston and Homer Smart have returned from a visit to friends inWinchester;Mr. Moxie Margolen will leaveto-morrow for Nashville, Tenn.,where he will take a position in thebig Government munition plant inoperation there.Mr. Edward F: Simms, of Houston, Texas, is here on a tour of inspection to his country estate,"Xalapa Farm," on the North Middletown pike, near Paris, and is aguest of his sister, Miss Lucy B.Simms, on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price havereceived information from Chicago tothe effect that their daughter, Mrs.C. A. Teller, who has been seriously- i , .- -.. vri-ill in a Chicago hospital for sererlmonths, is 'greatly improved. "Mrs. Hugh Xancey, of Mayslick,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. AlbertHinton.-Mrs. R. s. Stark has returnedto her home in Midway, after a visitto her sister, Mrs. Emily Parker, onSouth Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Whaley, ofChattanooga, Tenn., are guests of thelatter's sisters, Mrs. Harry O. Jamesand Mrs. Castle Redmon.Miss Nannie Boal, of Piqua,Ohio, is a guest of Mrs. A. B. Blount,at the home of Mr. and Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Gillard Neal, andMisses Ava, Hattie and Alma Nealleft Wednesday for a two-weeks' visitto friends in New York City.Mrs. Frederick Wallis has arrived from New York cf or a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Sr., on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Hedges Rash, ofNorth Middletown, are entertainingMr. and Mrs. James H. Hasreard andj Miss Dorothy Cutter, of Lexington.Mrs. Lyda Blackerby, of Germantown, Mason county, is a guest ofher stepson, Mr. Clifton Blackerby,and Mrs. Blackerby, at their homenear this city.Little Sarah Elvove, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Jacob Elvove, underwent a successful operation at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Tuesday, for tonsilitis.The Lexington Leader's "Notesof the Traveling Men" has the following concerning Paris members ofthe C. T. U.:"Ben 'Uneda Downey must besome busy these days. 'Babe' Gattrell, of Midway, says Ben has notasked him to go fishing this summer."Clay Sutherland, of Paris, who'sells snoots Cor Swift,' was here. Henever misses a ceremonial. He andCharley Knight, of Swift, and BigAlex Cundiff are three of the bestNobles in the Temple."We are glad to report that Mrs.Ben Downey is much better and willbe able to return home soon. Ben'Biscuit' is very popular with theboys and a regular at the meetingsof the council."(Other Personals on Page 5.)POSTAL 'ZOME, SYSTEM iPOJl PAPERS SCOBED.The zone system of postal rateslornewspapers and periodicals was characterized as an "ill-advised, decidedlylooking-backward and walking-backwardmeasure" by Charles E. Hughes,who headed a commission on secondclass mail in 1911, in a letter laid before the House Ways and MeansCommittee at hearings on the newwar revenue bill.Publishers appearing in oppositionto the new zone act, which becameeffective Monday, presented the letter. The commission reported unanimously against the zone system onthe ground that it was unjust to thepublic and to vthe publisher. Mr.Hughes wrote that there was nomore reason for a zone system of postal rates for newspapers and magazines than for letters, and that thesystem acts as a barrier to the dissemination of intelligence.Charles Johnson Post, of NewYork, director of the Publishers' Advisory Board, who testified in opposition to the zone rates, was questionedclosely by the committee chairmanKitchin charging that the publisherswere attempting to "build fires" behind congressmen who favored higherrates. Statements regarding the zonesystem appearing in a booklet issuedby the Publishers' Board were denounced. IE Kl M '"EVER MAN SHOULD BE HOME-LY"IEVIN COBB.BED 'CBOff- EZXDRT AT'COXING STATE TDLAmong the new features-shown in the woman's departthe State Fair will be a ICcCexhibit, prizes io be offerectvlacbest display of Red Cross work.work will include surgical drbandages, garments, cohysand baby layettes. A prize ofwill be given for the best display :$15 for the second best.Mrs. Harry McCarty, of Ni(ville, who has charge of thedepartment, has also arranjall pastries, candies, bread aamust contain substitutes forand wheat. In the making- of 'and rolls each sample mustat least 25 per cent, of flour mbeMStutes, which are oatmeal, rolletf flatcorn flour, oat flour, rice fltrar: iajpotato flour.The candies to be exhibitedbe sugarless or made of smaEEJtio-ns of sugar. Sugar snbstituts ;molasses, honey and syrups-TO DISCOURAGE SATURDAY HOLIDAY IN SOUTH."Enroll for farm work on Saturday" i !e slogan of a campaign nowbeing carried on in some of the Southern Stotes by farm-help specialists ofthe U. S. Department of Agriculturein co-operation with the State agricultural colleges. The time-honoredcustom for the Southern negro tospend Saturday in town is being discouraged during this emergency whenevery man is needed every day forfarm work. The request to do awaywith Saturday holidays is meetingwith a hearty response, and manythousands of negro workers are answering the Government's call for increased food production.Irvin S. Cobb, the great humorist,says in the American Magazine inwriting about the advantages of being homely."I have no objection whatsoever tochildren being beautiful, or to younggirls being beautiful, or to women ofwhatever age being beautiful. ButI do insist that for a man not to behomely is his misfortune. The handsome male starts with a handicap atthe very cradle. Women of all agesinsist on cooing over him and talkingbaby talk to him and chuckling himi under the chin and kissing him especially kissing him and since he isnot an age to appreciate these attentions the whole procedure mustannoy him fearfully. Should hisbeauty last into his boyhood, theI uiianues are uiui lie nas uie sort oimother who "will make him wear hishair long and force him to go about1 publicly in a broad lace collar and ablack velvet suit 'with a sash abouthis waist, and that means other boyswill call him by offensive .nicknames, and generally, makes his'young life a burden to him. Mostwoeful of all, if still his beauty sticksto him after he has arrived at man'sestate, only a determined and persistent struggle against the odds ofdestiny and of circumstances cansave hip. from drifting into theranks of the matinee idols, the moving picture stars and the floor walkers in the department stores."Twin Bros.Department StarerVsIIBig Shoe SaleOn All OzfordsJ PunepvLow Cuts, Etc., irrs etarLadies Misse&aneVCfeil-i-dren'sShoe DepartmentILadies low heel patentpumps, sizes 3 to 7, saleprice$3.49Ladies' high heel patentpumps, sizes 3 to 7, sakbprice$3.99Ladies' high heel canvassoxfords, sizes 3 to 7,. saleprice$2.99Ladies' high heel canvas?pumps, sizes 3 to 7vi safeprice "$2,99Ludiesr low heeB eairraspumps, ankle strap, sizessHT'to 7, sale price$2.98IfSEE THEM IN. THEWINDOWEXTRAEXTRAEXTRAWITH-President Wilson Picks Wm. Fox's Million Dollar Picture Beautiful For His Wedding Anniversary PartyWm.FoxWH 4fcaiMlAi 41 tU 4 f4JtHPresentsA Daughter of the GodsIMlTEilEllMThe World's Most Perfectly 1viiiivu if viiiqiiiWonderful Facts About"A DAUGHTEROF THE GODS"Actual cost of this picture $1,100,000.Total number of persons appearing inin picture 21,218.More than 500 Mermaids and DancingGirls.A Moorish City built at a cost of$350,000 and destroyed by fire tomake the "big scene" of the picture. The entire Caribbean Island and all itspopulation utilized by Wm. Fox inthe making of this picture.A picture it took one year to make.Alamo andOpera House- IJMMMMt I I" I' I t . iiv Bi. m ' -?- - "fed if. mBmH'Reef a HSpecialShowTuesday,10A.M.Admission 15 Cents(War Tax Included)For Children Under12 YearsNOTE-Night Show Pricesfor Lower Floor and Balcony,25 Cents to All. Send yourchildren to the morningADMISSIONMorning and AfternoonChildren 15c; Adults 25c.Night Show Lower Floor andBalcony 25c to All.Gallery 15c."A Daughter ofthe Gods"THE UNANIMOUS SENSATIONOF THE WORLD !The most expensive picture ever presented to the public.Dazzling the eye, astounding the mindand amazing the imagination."A Daughter of the Gods" is a marvelous spectacle which exalts theeternal feminine mind by the glories of the tropic seas.A Fairy Fantasy which the childrenwill enjoy as well as grown ups.You will be held in amazement underthe spell of this elaborate picture.TuesdayJuly 16thh&mSJ show.OtTHE BOUJ&ON NEWS, PARIS, KY.?au nnFRIDAY, JULY 12, 1S1I.V wPOPULAR PAilS PASTOB BECLDCES ARKANSAS CALLPeople of Paris, irrespective ofcreed, will be glad to know that Rev,Geo. R. Combs, pastor of the ParisMethodist church, who has becomevery popular" here, has declined atempting call to assume, charge ofthe congregation of the First Methodist church atjFort Smith, Arkansas.The call, was made after Jong discussion by the members of the Arkansas church, and being communicated in a letter to the Paris pastor,was given due consideration by him.The Ft "Smith church, has a muchlarger congregation that the Parischuarch, 'and the financial inducements are somewhat higlier than thelocal church affords, but with allthat Rev. Combs declined the call,believing that duty called him to remain in Kentucky.. Rev. Combs has made his place andcalling secure since coming to Paris,and his decision to remain with thecongregation here wrill be a matterof congratulation to the people ofParis. The call and Rev. Comb's reply are as follows:Rev. J. K. Farris, Presiding Elder,309 North. X5th St.,Fort Smith, Ark:Everything considered, think bestto remain in Kentucky.G. R. COMBS.The following answer was receivedby Hev. Combs from Presiding ElderFarris, Monday:Rev. G. R. Combs,269 Houston Ave.,ParisKy.:We are exceedingly sorry you cannot come. The decision brings disappointment and regret to the wholechurch.'J. K. FARRIS.1 mmRED CROSS ASSISTS ENLISTEDMEFS FAMILIES.Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky RedCross chapters during May gave tissistance to "6,199 families of soldiersand sailors, according to the May report of James L. Fieser, division director of Civilian Relief. Of thisnumber, however, there were 2,343families "who received information jonly.Of the total of 6,199 families dealtwith, 4,238 were those of Ohio men,1,186 6i them of Indiana men -and775 of them Kentucky men.Red Cross Home Service Sectionsin the Lake Division in May spent$17,338.18 in giving finanaclal assistance to dependent families and inassisting soldiers and sailors in emergencies. Of this amount $13,5T61.'92was spent by Ohio chapters, 2,926."54 by Indiana chapters and$819.72 by Kentucky chapters.Mr. Fieser's report points out that98 per cent of Ohio Red Cross chapters, 96 per cent, of Indiana chapters, and "87 per cent, of Kentuckychapters -a-re organized for Home Service work.pWILLTETVE T0-H0HR0W FOR"LAND OF THE SKY'FORMER PARIS BOY IN CANADIAN AVIATION SERVICE..!Mr. Dennis "V. 'Snapp, State President of the Kentucky "Ep worthLeagues, wno was recently elected toattend the Fifth Southern "EpworthLeague Assembly, July 14-21, atXakeJunaluska, North Carolina, will leavefor his trip to-morrow. Others fromKentucky who will also be "in attendance at the assembly will be: MissLena Cooper and Mrs. Janie Current,of Paris; Miss Marguerite Morris, otLexington; Miss Katherine Reeves,of Shelbyv'ffle; Rev. J. E. Savage, ofCovington, and Mrs. Ashhrook, ofCovington.XsCke "Junaluskax is recognized asone of the loveliest spots in Americafor a summer vacation. It is situated on the apex of the Blue HidgeMountain Range, twenty-seven hundred feet above sea level. With 'thetowerimg pes2ks- and forest-clad balsams rising on every side. Withina radius of a few miles are many 'peaks more than 6,000 feet "high.The beautiful lake and the ideal climate has won for this place the inameof the "Land of the Sky.""CHANGE OF AGENCY.In a letter from Mr. Clark Wilson,formerly of Paris, a son of Mr. andMrs. David T. Wilson, of this city,who. has for some time been engagedin army munition work in the Dayton, Detroit and Findlay works, hestates that he has returned to theaviation service in the Canadianarmy. Mr. Wilson was in the service some time ago, but was releasedin order to come back to the UnitedStates and engage in Governmentwork. Mr. Wilson says, in part:"Windsor, Nova Scotia, July 7."Dear News:"I have enlisted under the Britishflag again. I have been in this campabout three weeks, and I like everything just fine. I am in, or rather astudent, in the Royal Air Force,formerly the IJoyal Flying Corps, inwhich I had seen service previously.... The camp I am in is just now amobilization camp or rather a waiting depot for the men ready to sailto England. I will get most of thereal training in England, and amhere merely waiting my turn to goover In the boat, which is a matter ofhours now instead of days. As thisletter will, of course, be censored atthe horder, I cannot tell you the exact time of sailing."This Is a great country up here.We are -only a few miles from Halifax, the port we sail from. We get achance to go over to Halifax at the-end of each week. The city has .notentirely recovered from the disastrouseffects of the great explosion whichhappened in December, of last year."Will have to tell you of an exciting event that happened to us lastweek. Tou :know we have had several submarine scares, both here andat Halifax, and at night we werenot allowed to have lights. On account of the submarine scare theRoyal Navy and the aircraft havebeen kept very busy guarding theharbors. I have made several flightsas a student in the navy biplanes.rOne day last week after we hadbeen up on patrol for about fortyfive minutes we started to fly in tothe shore. When we were about twohundred yards from the landing, andwere about seventy-five or eighty feetfrom the water one left wingof the plane gave way (due to careQessness on the part of the groundmechanic) and I thought surely mytime had come to cross the Great Divide, But it was no time to indulge iin idle speculation, and before I !could hardly realize what had happened I found myself in the saltyocean. But, fortunately, we were inthe water only a few moments,when we were sighted by two tugboats, which came hurrying to ourrescue. The outcome of the spill onmy part, was a badly sprained leftarm and a -good sousing in the saltwater, while the officers did not receive a scratch. I was in the hospital for two days, and at present amfeeling no worse for wear, other thanthat my arm is still a little bit sore."Oh, boy, just -as -I finished thisletter I received a bundle sent me by;my sister, containing several copiesof THE BOURBON NEWS, and believe jme jXantippe, it was like a Godsend to me. Hope I will get manymore of them. You can't realize howgood the old paper looks or how jA DAUGHTER OF THE GODS" ATPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO .Patrons of the Paris Grand andThe Alamo will be afforded an opportunity on the afternoon and evening of Tuesday, July 16, to see AnFORMER -PARIS PASTOR TO GOFRANCE.One of the most popular pastorswho ever filled the pulpit of theParis Christian church is Rev. CareyE. Morgan, who so faithfully andnette Kellerman, in her wonderful , efficiently ministered to the congre-film success, "A Daughter of TheGods," pronounced by critics to beone of the greatest film plays everproduced. This wonderful film willbe shown in the afternoon at the Alamo and in the evening at the ParisGrand. The picture was filmed' andproduced under the direction of themaster minds of the William Foxstudios.The star dives from the cliffs, isthrown into a raging torrent, withhands and feet bound, and dashedagainst the rocks by the waves, ridesto battle in heavy armor, and performs other feats without apparentinjury. Her hair-raising activitiesfurnish most of the thrills.The production has been l rightlynamed a fantasy, for it deals withmythical creatures to whom thechanging of crocodiles into swansand the bringing of the dead to lifeis a matter of little importance. Thefilm appeals to that side of the audience which, lives in dreams and theImagination. The picture will delightany child as more exciting than anyof Grimjme's tales. The spectaclewould be enitrely Impossible of reproduction on the stage, for only thecamera can create the necessary illusion and capture the wide horizon,which gives the play its fascination.The producers have wisely chosenthe Far East as a setting, therebygaining an almost limitless supplyof colorful costumes, bizarre scenesand Oriental splendors. Gerat pageants, hosts of armed men, the destruction of the Sultan's city andglimpses of the world of gods andfaries furnish almost more splendorthan the eye can grasp.r ys fiss ,CANNING AND PRESERVINGTIME.ation for several years. Rev. Morgan has for six years been in chargeof the congregation of the VineStreet Christian church, in Nashville,Tenn.Rev. Morgan has been granted afour-months' leave of absence, in order to, go to France to do army Y.M. C. A. work. The Nashville, Tenn.,Banner says:"Dr. Carey E. Morgan, pastor ofthe Vine Street Christian church, onSunday announced from his pulpithis purpose of going to France inAugust, to spend four months in Y.M. C. A. work among Ihe Americansoldiers at the front."Dr: Morgan will go under theauspices of his church, having beengranted a four-months' leave of absence by his congregation, which willcontinue to pay his salary, to maintain him and his work abroad. Hewill tender his services to the Y. M.C. A., laboring where that organization can ise his ministry to the bestadvantage; but he hopes to devotemSst of his time and labor to the soldiers of Tennessee."This purpose of Dr. Morgan willnot come as a surprise to those whohave noted the strength of his patriotic zeal, and the eager interest hehas taken, since the beginning of'hostilities, in all that pertained to thewelfare of the men of this country,going forth to war, as well as everymovement for the promotion of ahigher conception of duty amongthose left at home,"The ardent desire for the welfareof his fellow-creatures, which haseven been a dominent influence in thelife of Dr. Morgan, and his devotionto the cause of his Master, has founda new and most potent form of expression in the service of his country's cause, which gives a new andSpecials for two weeks on tin cans more forceful scope to the soul-pas-and Mason jars.Star Tin Cans, 65 cents per dozen;Mason Fruit Jars, (quarts) 85 centsper dozen, gallon size, 95 centsper dozen. ,MARGOLENS' SANITARY MEATMARKET. (2-4t)153 13 feHARRISON MAN OFFERS WALNUTGROVE TO GOVERNMENT.The largest number of black walnut trees in a single group that hasyet been reported to the CincinnatiChamber of Commerce which is working in co-operation with' the Ordnance Department locating such timber for military purposes, was disclosed in a letter from John K. Northcott, of Cynthiana, Ky. Mr. Northcott wrote as follows:"I saw an advertisement relativeto black walnut which the Government was in need "of. I have here onmy farm thirty trees which rangefrom eight to fourteen inches in diameter. The trees are not for saleto any living soul,, but if Uncle Sam,wants and -needs them, well and good.I must be satisfied, however, that nospeculator makes a penny on them."Mr. Northcott has a son who Isgladly it is welcomed until you are with the U. S. Marines. The largerlike I am, in a foreign country, milesand miles away from the old home,ril take a solemn oath that I readeverything in those papers, even tothe patent medicines. Well, I willwrite some time again soon, as I mustclose now, and go on duty. Regardsto -all. If I get across the big pondreal soon I will let you hear from meas often as circumstances will permit"BOURBON GIRL GRADUATES ATIMASONIC HOME SCHOOL.trees will, in all probability, be utilized in making propellors for airplanes and the smaller ones for gunstocks.sion of the patriotic preacher, and inthe work he proposes to take up "hewill have a form of activity that isespecially congenial, and to which heis peculiarly adapted."Dr. Morgan is one of the mostprominent ministers in Nashville,with a reputation far more than local.He became pastor of the Vine StreetChristian church in this city in.1912, coming from the church atParis, Ky., where he was'loyed, honored and esteemed, and very soonestablished himself in a foremostplace, not only in the esteem of hiscongregation, but among the Christian workers of the city. He alsomade his influence felt, in otherspheres of activity, and in every public-spirited enterprise looking to theupljf of the community, every movement of civic righteousness, hequickly became a leading spirit.' "In offering him to the lands beyond the sea Nashville and Tennesseeare giving one whose services willcount for much in the great workwhe,re only real men are worthwhffe ;STRANGE THINGS DO HAPPEN INFLEMING!FRANK&CO.LADIES" OUTFITTERS" Vis -aCLEARANCESALE : "RemnantsOF ALL KINDSGreat ReductionsonSuits, Coats, WaistsFRANK & CO.THE ANTI-SHIPPING LAW; WILLIT STAND TEST?Mr. C. E. Colliver, Paris ag&it lorthe Adams Express Co., has foeen-pro-motedto the position of AssistantDivision Agent for this division. Heis succeeded here as agent by Mr.James Horton, twho was formerly nthe office "before being given chargeof the Cynthiana office. Mr. ElmerGilliock IsCkes Mr. Horton's place asagent at CJynthiant.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Mr. Elmer Xjilliock has been appointed express agent at Cynthiana,succeeding Mr. Horton, who hastaken charge of the Paris office. Mr.Gillicok has been connected with thecompany a rery jshort time and hisrapid promotion is a tribute to hisbusiness ability."PAEIS BOY TO JBESDME CHAIE ATcenteb; college.The Danville Messenger says Mr.John Price, son of Mr. and Mrs. LeePrice, of Paris, will resume the chairof English at Centre College, in Danville, next session. Mr. Price spent"part of his vacation in Louisville,'where he assisted in the office of theMcCopibs Oil Co. during the absenceof Mr. Phelps Renick, the latter going to Clark county to assist in har--'vesting.The Danville Messenger says ofMr. Price.The school connected with theMasonic Widows and Orphans Homeat Louisville, closed lor the summeron June 21. There were severalgraduates, among them being MissJessie Pearl Masting of Paris, andMiss cia Lee Payne, ff Dudley, Ky.,the latter a niece of Mr. John R.Owens, of THE NEWS' office. TheCommencement exercises wTere heldin the Chapel of the Home. MissPayne read an essay, taing for hertheme, "The Part The AmericanCollege Is Taking In The Great War."All of the graduates, with the exception of Miss Mastin and severalothers, left the Home permanently onJune 24.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.KtNTON &SON,Agtsm m iHRE DESTROYS MASON COUNTYBARN AND STOCK.A large stable on the farm of Andrew Hoover, -near Moransburg, wasdestroyed by fire recently. Besidesburning a large amount of farm implements and harness a valuable registered bull was destroyed.te fe faFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.CHICKEN TAX EXPLAINEDCounty "Tax Commissioner JacobMatz, of Newport, has returned fromFrankfort, where he went to set in-JO TL TTfc . -. li.u...J.f A. . .m.r. jonn irnce, graduate of Cen- siruuuons on ine new law whichtre College with the class of 1915, Places a tax on poultry, which heand since that time a teacher and says is insignificant.professor of English, and for twoyears past an instructor in StateUniversity at Lexington, will returnto Old Center next year to fill thechair of English. As previously announced Dr. Thomas, professor ofEnglish, has been granted leave fromCentre College to do war Y. M. C. A."work in France. Mr. Price will receive a hearty "welcome from studentsand faculty vand 4rom the citizens ofDanville, where he was always verypopular. He has jroveiT himself tobe a strong tkcher in hi department and the State university wasloathe to rlae him, bmt did so tolet Wra return to hjs Alia Ktr."Commissioner Matz. said chickensare placed on the tax duplicate at -50cents each, turkeys are listed at $1,and guinea hens and ducks at 25cents.He explained that the owner doesnot have to pay the above amount foreach fowl owned, but said that if aman has 100 chickens the aggregatevaluation is $50. The tax on the entire lot would amount to about 75cents. 0Farmers and other-chicken fancierswere of the impression they wouldhave to pay a big tax on their holdings, and meny were preparing todispose of tire chickens.When the weary commuter fromone of the local option precincts inBourbon county speeds home of anevening with a bottle of liquor tucked away in the automobile basket,he is violating the new law whichbars liquor from Jocal option territory :in Kentucky.Isdeed, since June 20, anyone except those specifically exempted, having any liquor at all in his possessionwas subject to a fine of from ?50 to100 and a jail sentence of from tento fifty days for each offense. Eachpackage unlawfully carried into orreceived Sin .local option territory constitutes a separate offense.And it will do no good' to say thatthe liquor was brought for medicalpurposes -oniy. "snaKe Dites" are nolonger an -alibi. Whisky in the cellaris violating the law, no matter howlong it has been reposing there andno matter to whom it belongs.Dealers in whisky report that theyare having diflioulty in living up tothe provisions .of the act passed bythe last Legislature, effective June20. Many of their customers from ilocal option districts seem unawareof the very existence of- the act andseem bewildered when the dealersrefuse to sell. Some seem to resentit as a personal reflection and insiston having, the goods. In fact, sowidespread is the lack of definite, or,m sqme cases, any kind of knowledge, that it has even been suggestedthat it would be a relief if the Governor were to issue a special proclamation to be posted all over the State,ac "courthouses, jails, churches andplaces oMhat kind." as one man ex-pressed it.The new law will prove much moredrastic than has been generally supposed; and carries with it severe penalties for violation of its provisions.Among other things it is providedthat: , 'It is-unlawful to take wine, beeror whisky into any. local optioncounty, district, precinct, town orcity for any purpose; to receive anykind or quantity of liquor broughtinto local option territory by anyperson or other agency acting forcompensation.Exception is made in, cases of druggists receiving and selling liquorsfor medical purposes on prescriptiononly. Another exception permitschurch ofilcers to receive and dispense wine for ceremonial purposesoniy, ,(Flemingsburg Times-Democrat.)The L. & N. train due at Flemingsburg Junction at 9:14 was almost anhour late Tuesday morning, the delaybeing caused by a crawfish. Now thiscrawfish did not crawl up on thetrack and butt the train off, but itwas pumped up by the pumping engine out of Licking river, or by theParis water works out of S toner. Atany rate it found its way into thetank of the engine drawing thattrain, and somewhere near PleasantValley it was found to have gotteninto the pipe which feeds the boilerand shut off the water supply. The'train was stopped, the feed-pipe disconnected and the crawfish taken outalive and put in the pocket of the engineer's jacket. After the engineergot his train to going again he reached in his pocket for a chew of tobacco when the crawfish resented itby pinching his finger. This is the.story told -up by a man who came inon the train, and of course he wouldnot tell a lie about a little thing likea crawfish.THE SHORTAGE OF PAPERREACHING ACUTE STAGE.LAME SHOULDERi -This ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it.( ad v-july)MICKIE SAYSIF- VOU'VE FOUND A$0 BILL, LOST VOU&. PEfBULL DOQr , W ANT TO OV AUBERTV'BONO OR Nt"VO EU. THE FAMU.V FUV-vcn. , -Take a. chance onOUPt Lit- WANT A 05. -THEMi DON'T COST HAP.OLN ANNTHtN1AN Tnes GOT THE PEP,BUH- UfeEVt NE2h.1Newspaper publishers are againthreatened with a shortage of paper,a situation which caused great inconvenience and trouble some monthsago. Many daily papers are discontinuing all exchanges, and cuttingoff extra papers of all kinds in orderto help in the conservation. Weekliesand semi-weeklies may soon have tofollow suit. The situation is a serfrous one and has called forth the following order from Washington:"The War Industries Board of theFederal Government, through itspulp and paper section, has issuedfrom Washington, under date of July5, the following order to all newspaper publishers: ..."On account of the shortage of materials the question of the supply ofpaper is becoming acute and the supply of paper must be economized tothe greatest possible extent."It is necessary that all newspa-.pers which .publish a daily andweekly edition put the following preliminary economics into effect July15, 1918:"Discontinue the acceptance of thereturn of unsold copies."Discontinue the use of all samples or free promotion copies..Discontinue giving copies to anybody except for office working copiesor where required by statute law inthe case of official advertising."Discontinue giving free copies toadvertisers, except not more than onecopy each for checking purposes."Discontinue the arbitrary forcingof copies on news dealers (i. e., compelling them to buy more copies thanthey can legitimately sell in order tohold certain territory.)Discontinue the buying back ofpapers at either wholesale or retailselling price from dealers or agentsin order to secure preferential representation "Discontinue the payment of salaries or commission to agents, dealersor newsboys for the purpose of securing equivalent of return -privileges."Discontinue all free exchanges."PS ISi iRed Cross PledgesAll persons owing Red Cross Society pledges are requested to callon the undersigned, at the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Co., andpay their pledges promptly.B. WOODFORD, Treasurer.(12-4t-pd)Used Cars For Sale!Two 1918 Ford touring cars;. two1917 touring cars; one 1917 roadster; one 1918 coupe; all in good,condition; quick sales at a bargain.W. O. CROMBIE & ORR,Shawhan, Ky,Home Phone 2; Cumberland 47.(12-3t)Sheriff's Sale!s--j;fTTBOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.R- P- OW PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.WM. REMINGTON .... DefendantAN -OLD-TIMEPuCHMUCAustin Stephens, an aged coloredman, -who claims to have attainedhis ninety-ninth year, was in Paristhis week, accompanied by his farmerfriend, Mr. John Ilinkston, of nearCynthiana. Before the war Stephens,men a slave, was tne property of Mr.Hinkston's grandfather, Mr. ThomasHinkston, and has always made hisnome witn some member of theHinkston family. He was born in 1inon Pro1A 7T?fiiine Tvriiio i x.i uPon credit of... vu xixijxtj, Alio ifHGHf.B msuigslaves belonging' to James Coons.Stephens has a remarkable memoryand told of many events in theI county's history that happened inPursuant to distress warrant andorder of sale, the undersigned wilX-onSaturday, July 27, 1918about the hour of 10 a. m., in thestore room of R. p. Dow nn TYroStreet Paris, Kentucky, occupied bywm. Remington, expose to publicsale the following personal propertyor so much thereof as will raise theamount of the distress' warrantU50.00, with interest from June l'1918, until paid at the rate of 6'per annum, and the costs of this proceedinir tn-wifOne Job Printing Press, one Cyl-a.uCi newspaper .rress, one ElectricMotor, seven Roller Cores.. Pulleys,and Shafting, one Water Motor, onex-uper gutter, four Imposing Stones,four Steel, Seven-column NewspaperChases, one Proof Press, severalBrass Galleys, one Job ImposingStone, four Stands, lot of Job andNewspaper Type.TERMS. Said sale will be madeon credit of six months. nrnvWoto execute bond with good surety, ap-proved by the undersigned.W. G. McCLINTOCK, "Sheriff of Bonrhnn .fount. ifc.AsAor3t-12-16.-19T . -., -3h'". .. i3 - JJS$..t'-if sj" -his younger days.'Wr1r' 1- ' ?f Wk. &FRIDAYJULY-IS, 1818.-THE BOURBON NEWS; PAJUS, tt.: rjyPA&srom..'LFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSENOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill bo in our offices every dayuntil further notlct for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)PEACHES POK PRESERVINGIf you want peaches for preservingvve have them. Direct from theGeorgia market daily.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.. Ji Q 5j.POR YOUR TOBACCO."Corono Dry" arsenate of lead foryour tobacco. It will not burn youor your tobacco. We also haveParis Green.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.NEW CAR SOLD.Mr. Harry L. Mitchell, local agentfor the Allen Automobile, sold anddelivered a handsome five-passengerAllen touring car this week to Mr. F.J. Jones, of Madison county.W CHARGE OP THE SMOK MILUNARY DEPARTMENTThe millinery department at theHarry Simon store has been placedin charge of Miss Mary McMahan,becoming effective on or aboutAugust 1..Miss McMahan has been associatedwith Simon Store for several years,during which time she has proved acapable and efficient assistant, onewho has made a large circle offriends. In her new department shewill bring years of experience,and good business judgment, whichwill redound to the interest of theSimon stores.PS IS E2PEACHES POR PRESERVING.We are receiving daily, directfrom Georgia, fine Alberta Peachesfor preserving purposes. If you wantsomething good let us have your order now.MAHGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (12-2t)MAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail. We represent reliable,prompt paying companies. YERKES & PEED.jly9 3t).' f'fi ..'?El i Ts,COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, July iz. Artcraft presents 'Elsie Ferguson, in "ADoll's House," adapted from the. storyof Henrick Ibsen; also King Baggott and Marguerite Snow, in theeighteenth episode of "The Eagle'sEye." , -To-niQi-rW Saturday, July 13.William Fdx presents Gladys Brockwell, in uThe Moral Law," a powerful story ot international intrigueand rom&Yice; also a Fox film comedy, ,vBoom Policy."Monday, July 15. Artcraft presents the Paris favorite, Mary Pickford, in "M'liss," a story of the daysof the California gold rush, as toldby Bert Harte; also Sunshine Comedy, "A Self-Made Lady."NEW PLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from Us.We can furnish on short notice thehpst in hP hnrJ "Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best inthe State.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLAD AY."Si Q 3HAIL INSURANCE.Insurt your tobacco against.hall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies.(june25-tf)i j toWILL OF MRS. AMERICA BUTLER"IS PROBATED.In the County Court, Wednesday,the last will and testament ,of Mrs.America Butler, who died so,me weeksago at her home in Millersburg, wasproduced and admitted to probate before County Judge Batterton.The document, after providing forpayment of her just debts and funeralexpenses, devises to her son, James A.Butler, $2,000, and $500 to herdaughter, Mrs. Mattie Butler Hawes.She leaves her residence to herdaughter, Mrs. Hawes, and her son,Mr. Ernest Butler, to be shared byttiem equally. ine insirumeu.1.,"which is dated Ajlril 4, 1914, anduruoooo h-o- Tamps McClure andAnna Bruce Hinton, names her son,James A. Butler and her grandson,Alex. Hawes, as executor.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and 'Elsewhere.Mr. Ossian .Edwards has returned from a business trip to Washington, D. C.Miss Edith Stivers is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. Thomas Kennedy, inWinchester.Miss Jessie May Fee is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. Harry Booth, inLawrenceburg.Miss Birdie Napier is visitingfriends and relatives in Cincinnatiand Covington.Miss Marie Colliver is visitingher brother, Capt. M. C. Colliver, atCamp Zachary Taylor.Mrs. Minerva Goodwin, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss CarolynRoseoerry, near Paris.Miss Eliza Hughes, of Nicholasville, is the guest of Miss MattieWhaley, on Cypress street.Misse Stella Wasson, of Carlisle,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Clarence Wills, on Harmon street.miss .Louvema Thomasson hasgone to Butler, Ky., for a visit toher sister, Mrs. Victor Corbin.Mrs. L. M. Tribble, Mrs. Joe B.Smith and Mrs. Matt Lair were guestsof friends in Lexington, Wednesday.Mr. Lee Price and Mr. RobertL. Prank, of Prank & Co., will leaveto-day for a business trio to NewYork City.Mrs. Maude Longbottom has returned to her home in Dayton, Ohio,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. EarlMay, near Paris. ,Mrs. Burton A. Frank left yesterday for Avon-by-the-Sea, to visitMrs. Jack Fitzgerald, formerly MissCarrie Frank, of Paris.A. L. Boatright has returnedfrom Minneapolis, Minn., where hewent to attend the sessions of the International Missionary Association.Mr. Clarence Wills, of Harmonstreet, has received a card from hisbrother, Private Clyde Wills, announcing his safe arrival overseas.Mrs. May Stoner Clay anddaughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay.jnave gone to Lake Chautauqua,New York, for an extended stay.Mrs. Morgan West, of Pueblo,Col., will arrive to-day to be theguest of Kentucky friends and relatives. Mrs. West was formerly MissLouise Boulden, of Millersburg.Mrs. Nellie Highland, Mrs. Richard Wills and Mrs. Lee Price motored to Louisville last Sunday, wherethey were guests of Mrs. Price's son,Mr. John Price.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick,Mason county, is visiting her mother,Mrs. Wm. Hukill, of Broadway. Shewas accompanied by Miss ElizabethRoff, who came for a visit to Mr. andMrs. James Woodford.Mr. Robert Turner was taken tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Wednesday afternoon, where heunderwent an operation for appendicitis. He was renorted yesterday ashaving stood the ordeal very well andresting comfortably.Miss Princie Gaines, of Georgeton, Miss Mary W. Cobb, of Owenton, and Dr. and Mrs. Victor Corbin,of Butler, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Mr. EdwardThomasson and family, near Paris.Mr. George W. Browner has returned from Valdosla, Georgia, fora visit to his mother, Mrs. HannahBrowner, in this city. Mr. Brownerhas been in charge of the ParkerNews Co.'s office and bureau at Valdosta. He has been ill for severalweeks from the effects of an attackof chills and fever, and came hometo recuperate.Richmond Daily Register: "Mr.Thendar Dykes and granddaughter,Miss Francis Brown, of Paris, arevisiting the former's son, Mr. JesseDykes, on North Second street. Ontheir return they will stop at Winchester for a visit to his son, Mr. J.T. Dykes, and daughter, Mrs. AK J.Lisle Miss Mary Neil Green isthe guest of her cousin, Miss Keller,in Paris." - --Mayor and Mrs. E. B. January,who have rooms at the home of Mrs.J. M. Rion, on Second street, haveleased the rooms over Mrs. MaymeParker's millinery store, recently occupied by the Business Men's Club,and will take possession about Aug.1. The furniture, etc., belonging tothe club will be sold at public auction, and the proceeds divided between the Red Cross Chapter and theMassie Memorial Hospital.Cyanthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Pearl Miller is spending two weeksat the country home of her sister,Mrs. Will E. Cook, in Bourbon county. . v . Among those from a distancecalled here by the death of Mrs., Sallie Turney were: From Paris, Mr.and Mrs. Amos Turney, Misses Lucyand May Colville, Mr. and Mrs.Prank Clay; from Millersburg, Mr.Will Mclntyre, Miss Caroline Mclntyre, Miss Mattie Mclntyre, Mr.Simpson Butler, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Jones, Mr. Tom Jones, Messrs. Chas.and John Talbott, Mrs. Jennie Madison, Mr. Tom Thome, Mr. and Mrs.Tom Marshall, Miss Ella Marshall,Mrs. I. N. Brown and Mr. TomBrown."Mrs. J. T. Brown entertained anumber of friends Monday informally at her home, on Cypress street,in honer of Miss Alice Rogers Clay,who left Tuesday for Lake Chautauqua, New York, and for Miss Elizaheth Brown, who is soon, to becomethe bride of Rev. J. J. Rice. Amongthe guests present were Misses AliceRogers Glay, Elizabeth Brown, MaryFithian Hutchcraft, Frances Clay,Elizabeth Crutcher, Nell Crutcher,Dorcas TJssery, Patsey Clarke, Margaret Ardery, Virginia Ferguson,Helen Hutchcraft, Carolyn Roseberry Mrs. Edward Prichard and Mrs.James Thompson, Jr. The roomswere beautifully decorated for theoccasion with summer flowers. Theguests were provided with materialsfor making tea cloths and towels,each one to embroider an appropriatedesign. After an inspection of thework Miss Nell Crutcher was awarded the prize, a -set of knitting needlesfor having- the cleverest design,which was a likeness of Rev. Rice.A salad course was served.t (Other Personals on Page 3.)MISS CLAY'S TALK TO "WINCHESTER WOMEN MONDAY.The Winchester Daily Sun has thefollowing regarding the, talk madein Winchester, Monday, to the women of that city, by Miss Alice Rogers Clay, of Paris:"Monday (morning at the Red Crosswork room Miss Alice Rogers Clay,of Bourbon county, spoke to a number of interested listeners on thesplendid work of the National Service School at Chautauqua, NewYork."The object of this school is to instruct the women of America in order that they may be efficient forwork in time of war or any greatdisaster."Those who are taking the trainingare privileged to take in the featuresof the regular Chautauqua in addition to their regular work."Miss Clay's talk interested a number of the young ladies present andthese have signified 'their intentionof taking advantage of this opportunity by attending the camp this season." fe ta feLAMB POR TO-MORROW.Fresh Spring Lamb Roast for tomorrow. Choice lot. Phone in yourorder early.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)fe Ea feHAIL INSURANCE,Insure your tobaccoagainst hail I represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf)AjtMBROKEN.A broken arm was sustained Wednesday by Mrs. Sallie Thompson, residing on the Jackstown pike, nearParis, in a runaway accident. Mrs.Thompson had just started to Pariswith a consignment of eggs and country produce for marketing, when herhorse' took fright and ran off, overturning the buggy and throwing theoccupant out. She was taken to herhome by passers-by and a physiciansummoned, who set the injuredmember and made her comfortable.COMMUNITY CHORUS.The Community Chorus will holda "neighborhood singing" Mondaynight from 7:00 to 8:00 on the lawnat the home of Mrs. Walter Clark.Everybody who can sing, and willsing, and wants to sing, invited tobe present and take part. Come andbring your voice with you!!Si fSCUT FLOWERS:We have secured the agency ofHonaker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for put flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used.( 2 j uly-tf ) BRUCE HOLLAD AY.HAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobaccoand small grain.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf) .VICTROLARECORDS"FOR JULYJ'j ii?18451.odies ofO'Hara.A Soldier's Day. Parthe Camp Geoffrey85c.18468.There's a Little Bluethe Window HenryStarinBurr. Some Day They're Coming Home Again Macdonoughand Orph. Qt. 85c.18466. War Ballad Medley(Fox Trot). Eclipse Medley(One-Step) Pietro. 85c.70120. From the North, South,East and West Harry Lauder.$1.25.18471. TheVolunteers (March)Liberty Forever (March) Victor Military Band. 85c.74559. Angels Ever Brightand Fair-Alma Gluck. $1.50.64778. Little Mother of MineJohn McCormack. $1 00.74567. Orpheus Ballet. Philadelphia Orchestra. $1.50.Daugherty Bros.Fifth and Main .Kodaks Yictrolas -PlayerRolls,higiEa,o..11HHHruililM1,HM,1.M141CL0S1N6 OUTNOWGinghams30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard 38c59c quality, per yard 48c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs3 for 10cSILK HOSESOc values at.ONE LOT OFLadies' 25c VestsatAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONWWffltTHE EASIEST AND BEST WAYTo Keep Your Home Fresh and' CleanIs to Use ABISSMLL CARPMTORVACUUM SWMBPEREVERY DAYSee those in our window. You knowand we know that BISSELLS are the best.THE J."EITHERPHONE"MOTOR HEARSEGOIWash Rags3ceachHope Cotton24cper yardBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c39cPERCALEper yardBRASSIERES50c values at 39c$1.00 values at 79c15cMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY."VmiGzttheOld;irvtAT77T. HINTON CO.36MOTOR INVALID COACHSALEWhite Goods20c quality at 1 6cr25c quality at -21 c35c quality at 28c45c quality at 37 1-2c59cquality at 48c75c quality at 59c$1.00 quality at..r 79crrs1 Lot of LadWHandkerchiefs21ceach29citr .I??tI1-'SIXTH AND MAIN STS., UNDERTAKINGM4nnMhIrti$esn IillJTHE BOtHUBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.7AGESX-,..., . . j, ,m y n limFRIDAY, JULY 12, ISlt.-i . -'Choi'TreaddprfSlilVBack the Governmentto the LimitThe Government has asked American business to pursue a certain course for the duration of the war.Keep quality up and prices reasonable, 'a strictly non-profiteering policy.It is the only patriotic policy.It is the policy this company has alwaysadopted and the one we will continue topursue. .We stand ready to undergo any sacrificein order to cooperate with the Government.We believe it is best for ourselves.We know it is best for our country.We appeal to all concerns big and smallto adopt -the same policy.American business must rally as a unit tothe support of the Government.It is the surest and quickest way to win thewar. oUnited States Tiresare Good TiresRoyal Cord' 'tfobbf' Chain' ' Usco ' 'Plain'TOTAL C0IlECT)MR--HI4fiBENTH REVENUE DISTRICTLEXINGTON, KY., July 11. Totalrevenue collections of the Seventhinternal Revenue District of theState of Kentucky for the fiscal yeaending June 30, 1918, amount ,"to$14,366,202.13. Former Collector"InteriialvRevenue, Percy T. Haly, cotylecteT$13,i33,3JL7.67 of this amountduririg 11 months and eight days ofthe fiscal year, after -which period thisresignation werit into effect, while$2,232,884.46 was collected Ajr Elwood Hamilton, present internal revenue collector for the Seventh district. Total income tax collected in thisdistrict for the fiscal year just ended amounts to $2,811,429.67 of whichsum Collector Hamilton collected$1,400,797.72.Simultaneous with announcementof figures at Collector Hamilton's office regarding revenue collections andincome tax of the Seventh districtcomes news from Washington thataccording to a report just issued bythe commissioner of internal revenuegiving detailed statistics of incometax collections, Kentucky has 81 millionaires. This is determined by thesupposition that 5 per cent is a reasonable average return on a largefortune, and there are 81 Kentuckianswho paid an annual income tax of$50,000 and more.According to the. figures just announced at Washington, 3,850 Kentuckians paid tax on their incomes.The largest income of any man inKentucky, reveal these figures, is between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000 ayear. But no names are made public.Annual incomes of Kentuckiansrated as millionaires range as follows: Between $50,000 and $60,000Number of returns, 23, total net income, $1,242,404.Between $60,000 and $70,000Number of returns, 14; total net income, $916,134..Between $70,000 and $80,000Number of returns, 16; total net income, $1,112,623.Between $80,000Number of returns,come, $342,567.Between $90,000Number of returns,come, $467,679.Between $100,000 and $150,000Number of returns, 14; total net income, $1,737,554.Between $150,000 and $200,000Number of returns, 1; total net income withheld to conceal identity.Between $250,000 and $300,000Number of returns, 27; total net income withheld to conceal identity.Between $300,000 and $400,000Number of returns, 1; total net income withheld to conceal indentity.Between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000Number of returns 1; total net income withheld to conceal identity.and $90,0004; total net in-and $100,0005; total net in-CITY PEOPLE SIGN PLEDGES FOBFARM WORK.We KNOW United States Tires are GOD tires. That's why we sell them.IRAPARKS & SON Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG HARDWARE CO Millersburg, Ky.J. W. MITCHELL & SON North Middletown, Ky.STATE BAR ASSOCIATION AD-iJOURNS AT DANVILLE.Several Paris attorneys attendedthe seventeenth annual meeting ofthe State Bar Association, which washeld recently in Danville. In theelection of officers, Judge DenisDundon, of Paris, was elected asvice-president from the Fifth District. The Executive Committeewill select the place for holding theannual meeting for 1919. Manymembers expressed a desire to havethe meeting held in Danville again.WHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because tne ians are paid lor once,the breeze continually.Uk$UftdDw$e ?a$have proved their ability to give-the most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co,(Uwrf imUXSOLDIERS USE "DUCK BOARDS"TO AVOID MUD BATHSWhen the Allied forces in Flandersare not battling with the Germans,that are trying to outwit nature. Thisis the substance of a report broughtback from the firing line by MajorGen. Charles Clement, U. S. A.Mud was a source of considerableannoyance to the soldiers. So the engineering force of Australia devisedwhat has become commonly knpwnas the "duck board," but which theCanadians have named the "bathmat," both being terms of derision.The board is made of a number ofsmall strips of wood, fourteen to fifteen inches in length, which are nailed to stringers placed in front of oneanother and extending for miles. Astep off the "duck board" means aplunge into a sea of mud, at leastthree feet in depth.The "board" was devised to enablethe Australians to attack the Germans more successfully, and it servedto provide a path to victory.E3 te p3ANIMAL TUBERCULOSIS WORKEXTENDED.Sixty-four Federal eniployes and 54State employes are engaged this yearin fighting animal tuberculosis, thatwidely distributed disease whichcauses an annual loss estimated at$25,000,000. The Bureau of AnimalIndustry has recently extended operations for the control of this diseaseto 31 States. Headquarters havebeen established in 12 important centers from which the work will besupervised and directed.fe Ea feTHINGS TO WORRY-ABOUTIn those days, when we talk inbillions, how many ofus have everstopped to figure out what a billionmeans? If you will take your penciland a piece of paper, it will take youonly a few minutes, knowing that sixty (minutes make an hour, twentyfour hours a day and three hundredand sixty-five days a year, to learn(that a billion minutes of time hasnot expired 'since vour Savior- wascrucified on Calvary.Nine hundred experienced menwere placed in regular farm work inone month this spring in Ohio largelythrough the efforts of the farm-helpspecialists of the U. S. Department ofAgriculture. Records of a similarnature are being made in other Stateswhere special efforts have been madeto bring about a close co-operationbetween the town and country. Forthis purpose pledges are being secured in each town, city and villagefrojm men who have had previousfarm experience, to devote a fewdays or weeks of their time to harvest work during the coming seasonif their services should be needed.Farm-help specialists in Kansas havesecured pledges of this kind from50,000 city residents who have promised to devote two to fifteen days oftheir time to harvest work this summer. Similar results have been obtained in Indiana, Illinois, North Dakota, South Dakota, Pennsylvania,Georgia and Kentucky. Campaignsare either in active progress or arebeing planned in every State.fe 1E3 laState of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucus County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co.; doing business intne city of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sowrn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1586.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.(adv-july)te Ea lsaHOME SERVICE SECTIONS INCREASE IN NUMBER.All of the 352 chapters in theLake Division now have civilian relief committees, except six in Ohio,eleven in Indiana and thirty-one inKentucky. The appointments of committees by Kentucky chapters arerapidly overtaking those of the othertwo States. At the present Tate Kentucky will be the first State in thisdivision 100 per cent, organized forJiome service.Kentucky cities are doing splendidwork in supplying information.Bowling Green shows 163 familiesgiven information service in onemonth. This is due entirely to thoroughness of organization.Next month the Lake DivisionNews will carry the names of chapters without civilian, relief committees so that the others will know whois preventing a 100, per cent, organization of the division. Lake Division News."BEST HHICINEFOR WOMEN"What Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound DidFor Ohio Woman.Portsmouth, Ohio." I suffered fromirregularities, pains in my side and wasso weaK at times jlcould hardly getaround to do mywork, and as I hadfour in my familyand three boardersit made it very hardfor me. Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundwas recommendedto me. I took itand it has restoredmy health. It iscertainlv thp hunt.medicine for woman's ailments I eversaw." Mrs. Sara Shaw, R. No. 1,Portsmouth, Ohio.Mrs. Shaw proved the merit of thismedicine and wrote this letter in orderthat other suffering women may findrelief as she did. .jWomen who are suffering as she wasshould not drag along from day to daywithout giving this famous root andherb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, a trial. For specialadvice in regard to such ailments writeto Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass. The result of its forty yearsexperience is at your service.TRAINS COLLIDE NEAR NASHVILLE WITH DEADLY EFFECTK 9BE " SIB - 3BK ." B: ." VHP -" Ma." mK J BK qaV. SHK V WLWM mJ.NASHIVLLE, TENN., July 11.Two passenger trains on the Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway collided, near Belle Meade Park,in the western suburbs of Nashivlle,Tuesday.Telephone reports from the sceneof the wreck are to the effect that 25persons were killed and between 50and 75 injured.Most of the dead, it. is believed,are negroes. At 10 o'clock about 40injured had reached the city hospital.Several of the number 'died later.Two Pullman coaches escaped seriousdamage. The entire crew of the localtrain was killed.The wreck occurred at 7:45 o'clock,on the Dutchman's grade, sevenmiles from Nashville. Every doctorand nurse available in the city wasrushed to the scene with all the ambulances. One train was eastbound from Memphis and St. Louis, and the other fromNashville to Memphis. Both enginesand two baggage cars were completely wrecked. A combinationcoach in the local train, filled withwhite and negro passengers, wasripped from end to end. Severalcoaches were telescoped and passengers are being cut out with difficulty. Six passenger coaches in all weredemolished and two cars of thethrough train caugbt fire and wereburned up. Wrecking crews andvolunteers worked heroically in thewreckage to rescue the injured.MRS. BURNS' LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inalmost every neighborhood, and people should know what to do in likecircumstances:Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me offlux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same complaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it."(adv-july)MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.TJheiPenclletonShop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYJsWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronagerGOWNSSUITSHATSII"BrItKI'I'.wrKfaIIXI?MnRGQLENSSanitary -Meat MarketNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from you. .Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,Diitrict Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Ltoal Manager.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KVijA MAN AND HIS WIFE' may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings ua.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40. , Home Phone 169 2;xJVFRIDAY, JULY 12, 1918,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Hi-")'w ' i ": m- XifwMkmwi ijiave a rmrmrovMn mr 9fortrtn1 :a ..is afamis vreseniaife-V '7rT,, ':ui- r "yfc "wr puaaiuie ior eyery"""" uuuugu use OIMARINELLOPhantom PowderImmediately gives skin appearance of beauty then reallybeautifies it Unrivaled beauty buildertor face, neck and hands. Doesn't rubYour mirror will prove its merit.M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.THE JULY FAEMlAl7D EIKESIDE.There are many articles and suggestions in the July Farm and Fireside which will be of help to everyone living o-n a farm or interested inany branch, of farming. "A new Security for a Loan Your Character"is a startling article about howbankers are now loaning money oncharacter instead of on securities."Bagging a Hun Over London" tellsof the experiences of Sergeant PilotDean Lamb, who in -protecting Ldndon during an air raid, got a Hunbut was also forced to descend himself. "Ten Acres and a Living" is astory of a young woman who hadbeen reared in the city, but who hasmade a success of farming. "Drying Vegetables" and all the other department articles are interesting andhelpful in every way. In addition,there is a fiction story, the humorcolumn, and the many other thingswhicb aid in making tbis issue anexcellent number.New BookGoes to PressMonday,July 15thTHE BELL DIRECTORYThis is the most frequently consultedreference list in this section. It is correctedand revised every few months.Paris Advertisersare afforded an unequalled opportunity toplace their business before the best people ina prosperous community. The space is limited, the rates are reasonable.Just telephone, write or call onMANAGERCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAi, J TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated); " tfaffilj1. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective May 12. 1918. at 12:01 a. m.)TRAINS ARRIVE;Kb. From nn Arrive34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:.33 a. m.10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30 a. m..151 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:25 a. m.17 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:35 a. m.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 a m.37 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:05 a. m.12 Lexington, Ky., Dailly 10:10 a. m.33 Chicago, 111., Daily 10:27 a.m.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:40 p. m.138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:10 p. m.38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 p. m.39 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 p. m.16 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30 p. m.156 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .....'. 6:40 p. m.32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 8:30 p. m.130 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10;20 p. m.31 Cincinnati, 0., Daily lo-l p m210 Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only r, P' m209 Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only 5:40 p. m.TRAINS DEPARThv .-! - por - -" Leave34 Cincinnati, 0., Daily 7-4o'a m151 Maloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .4U a. m.40. Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7-4? a m17 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday tr a m10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; . ; J;37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . . 10-33 a m13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:,.33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily , -1": m"129 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:25 m38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .. . .' '5:57 p. m.39 ' Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.61 P. m9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.0U p. m16 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday g.40 g m32 Cincinnati, O., and Chicago, 111., Daily .. :jj131 Lexington, Ky., Daily "l0:36 p. m.31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . 12:55 p. m.10 Maysville, Ky., Sunday Only .. .. v m109 Lexington, Ky., Sunday Only 6:45 p.m.156 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday1A STATEMENT" OF "PACTS AS TODEFERRED CLASSIFICATIONThere has been niuch discussionthrough the columns of the press regarding the large number of clerksat Washington who have not beenincluded in the draft calls throughthe country. This leads Mr. Clarence Ousley, Assistant Secretary ofAgriculture, to issue the followingcircular letter to the press, a copy ofwhich has been received by THENEWS:"Editor THE NEWS:"In simple justice to a group ofearnest and patriotic men, I askyour attention to a few statements offacts. The House of Representativesadopted an amendment to the FoodProduction Act of 1919, forbiddingthe payment of salaries under thisact to any man who has been placedin deferred military classification onaccount of his employment by theDepartment. Much publicity has beengiven to this amendment and it hasevoked much' newspaper comment.The men deferred have been denounced as slackers, and the inipression is conveyed that 2,000 clerks inthe Department of Agriculture at1Washington have been sheltered frommilitary service."The facts are that only 205 menin the District of Columbia have beenplaced in deferred classification onthe recommendation of the Department, and of these, with the exception of eight administrative assistants performing responsible executire vork, all are scientific or technical employees engaged in work ofthm most important scientific character. Much of this work: has to doMK such vital war activities as thedevelopment of war gases, the testingof airplane fabrics, etc. Approximately 1,700 persons,, including county agents, chemists, veterinarians,meat inspectors, and experts in thevarious bureaus of the Department.Not one of these men was deferredon his own request. The Departmentneeds a large number of scientificmen to replace those who have goneto war or who have been attracted toprivate employment. For instance,the Bureau of Aninial Industry needsmore than 60 veterinarians in itswork of meat inspection, withoutwhich the health of the soldiers especially and of the civil populationgenerally can not be safeguarded."m IBs. TBIMAKES EMPLOYES SAVE $5 PERWEEK.John Hertz, one of the biggest taxicab men in America, says in theAmerican Magazine."One of the sternest dictates ofthe company is that every man earning more than a certain minimumsalary should save $5 a week." 'A man watching his accountgrow becomes ambitious," is the explanation given by Mr. Hertz. 'A manbecomes discouraged when he realizes that he is not getting ahead. Hesours on the world. Our men areamong the highest-paid in the coun-?.try and can easily save $5 a week.If they don't show their bank booksor other evidence of their thrift, wedo not give them their semi-yearlyprofit-sharing check.. Instead, wedeposit ?5 in the bank each weekfor the man from his salary, and sixmonths later turn the bank book overto hini, together with his checkwhich we held up. In the man isunable to save, we give him theprofit-sharing check, any way, providing his wife or parents say heturns over all hev makes. The menrealize we do this for their benefitand are pleased, as many cannothold on to their earnings. Somehave asked us to take out $8 and$10 weekly from their salaries."SOMETHING ABOUT GERMANT( - - . - M. . . ..&&&immtBEST in THEwmmLONG5S.KS90waswssITS inventor, David Bushnell, sn American, in 1776attempted to sink the British warship, Eagle.Bushnell towing his torpedo, charged with powder,by means of a hand-power semi-submersible, plannedto ismn it to the hull of the attacked ship with astectfplunger; ihen explode it by clock work.His torpedo -too much of an experiment failed.Safeguarding the user against failure, Goodrichnever markets an experiment, tires or anything else.Goodrich Tires, though built with the experience andskill of the oldest and largest rubber factory, are provedout by the practical road travel of Goodrich Test CarFleets to make them in word and deeda; v.vc :-.v. ':it .-::.v .v ":.t :::t:.:i &Where YotTSnorTJ.;. T -,j?, Caodnch Tire re !.., -Itir Urn Coodnd, DmW-u v Lecaljri bantu.,-. " .$1H&&or.run wmskrtfmmmm&mm8i xjepamsiifVTi JuailelSss mmmammmjaBmwM wic mmsiftaA5AlS5SS8l. ottio. 235SKses5a(!a5,idtaw,ijsaSs3r.'MMmiMWi-MyyyFor Goodrich recognizes but one value in tirestheir SL1RVICZ VALUE on your car and on the road; onetire vdue SERVICE VALUE.Whatever pounds of rubber and other materid rsin tires; whatever hours o work and skill, theirvALuu to motorists is tneir SEKVICE, m coinfort, dependability and durability.And you are sure to g&t it if your tires areGOODRICH SSLVERTOWN CORDS, orBLACK SAFETY TREADS.Make sure of economy and security in tires bydemanding big, masterful SERVICE VALUE TIRES.THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER GO.Cincinnati Branch: 1110 Race St., Cincinnati Ohio. a-mmMmismMimWiPrvt5rKSKoitiB2fri3r;!EgaSRHSSS5S THE CITY OF OOUDKICH AKRONr4&aa!ffiiffittifaiGOVERNMENT RAILROADMINISTRATION.AD-The German empire, better knownas the German, vampire, embraces208,830 square miles, but not a singlesquare meal, says the BrooklynEagle. It comprises four kingdoms,six grand duchies and 3,876;5'31grand goosesteps. In outline and inclination it is highly irregular. Onthe east it hounds Lenine. On thenorth it is hounded by the Alliedfleets and on the west by Gen. Foch.The principal waterways of Germany are the seize and the KielCanal. The high C's now under itscontrol are confined to the operahouse. The Kiel Canal' is used forexercise by the bottled ships on pleasant Sunday. The sea board, greatlyrestricted like all' other kinds ofboard, is known as the high cost ofliving. The country is not entirelyon the level. It has, in the interior,a large table land, entirely empty.There are also deep depressions in allparts of the nation.Berlin, the capital, was established in the 13 th century on the Spreeriver. It has not yet recovered. Theinhabitants are divided into two mainclasses junkers and junked. Thepresent fboler is Kaiser Billious IT.I His principal occupation is lookingfor a place in the sun. There issomething warmer than that is storefor him. It sounds something likeHelgoland. The crown prince is the jbarely-apparent. The nationalmotto is "Spurlos versenkt."I isa lotSEEKING OUTLET FOR LOWGRADE COTTON.The general policy and purposes ofthe Railroad Administration as announced by Director General McAdoomay be briefly- sujmmarized as follows: First, the winning of the war, towhich everything must be subordinated; second',, the-service of the public, which means maintenance andimprovement of railroad properties soas to provide safe and adequate transportation facilities at lowest cost;third, the promotion of sympathy, understanding, and co-operation between the- administration and the 2r000,000 railroad employees and the10O,(T0 0,000' patrons, which latter includes every individual in the Nation; fourth, the application ofsound economies, including elimination of superfluous expenditures, payment of just wages and just and .prompt compensation for injuries,economical purposes of material and'equipment, adoption of standardizedequipment and approved devices forsaving life and labor, economic routing of freight and passenger traffic,intensive employment of alt equipment, and careful record and scientific study to- secure the greatest efficiency; 'The Director General states thatwhite- the development of this policyrequires time, great progress hasbeen (made toward the desired goal.He commends heartily the intelligence, public spirit, loyalty and enthusiasm of the members of the Railroad Administration and the officersand employees of the railways.XXIf You are Thinking About a.Pipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed; We areagents for the Laurel FurnaceNone betterProfessional CardsWM. GRANNANAitorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FJRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGiXIXIIIIXIXIXIXIXIXIX.IXIXWmm.m.mBVvTisvvvvsMXWe'are also exclusive agents fer theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them te you.LOWRY&MAYTRAINS ARRIVE2 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday.. ;;,;;.;; J; ;4 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Execpt SundayTRAINS DCPRT"ox s leavei Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.. . .. y. . j: a. m.3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..... .. .The Department has taken up withthe War Industries Board the question of the utilization of 'the lowgrades of cotton, of which a largesurplus is accumulating. This lowgrade cotton is piling up hecause theordinary outlets for it are .closedby the war, and because cotton ofhigher grades is being usedby manufacturers, particularly on Government contracts, when cotton of thelower grades might be used satisfactorily instead. vr J , . .Y-DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404."FIRST NATL 1ANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AUD COLD BATES.Satisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior to.none, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Parish Kentucky.The News Job Department is Always Busy.''There's a Reason." Work Done MMlIII6ft! -cWIiV:If.ft "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.MGE EIGHT-nFRIDAY, JULT 12 HIS.$&' t': ' MILLERSBURG-;-Mr. Arthur Thompson and Ison,-i.-f Chicago, arrived Monday, as guest',:- Cbls perents, Mr. a-nd Mrs. E. P., iXfeomason.Miss Oretta Clarke and Mr.' r-'.3iaxles Rouse, of Brooksville, 'will"!airJve Sunday as the guests of Miss-Alberta Maffatt.- .ir. j. h. Burroughs, who has- Qbeec. confined to the house with ill-V-smefor the past two weeks, is ablejifco 1x3 out again., -r-Misses Mary, Ruth and Henritta, Coones, of Chattanooga, Tenn.,mr guests of their cousin, Mrs. Q. H.f L3vm&sf and other relatives.Captain Arthur Huffman, who haseea a guest of Dr. and Mrs. Boxley,'iai Millersburg, for several days,l - lias returned to Camp Taylor.Mrs. D. P. Jones and Misses Al-r'Qerta Maffott and Agnes Wadellrrmre in Cincinnati, Wednesday,'siesre they purchased a new organsjor the Baptist church.Mr. and Mrs. Abner Best, of Chi-- w3s&gQ, 311., and Miss Louise Best, of3fciysville, were guests of their aunt,"airs. !Sally Miller, and family, from' Esesday until Thursday.Mrs. C. A. Bo wen, of Atlanta,"'G., as arrived here for a visit tojDz. ;&mf Mrs. W. M. Miller and fam-5y. Mrs. Bowen was formerly MissSaLncalle Milam, and resided here--'wfeen. a girl.. Miss Nannie Clarke left Wedn.es-vx-x5J5acytfor Columbia University at CoT&waCbia, Mo., where she will take a-special course. Miss Clarke has re--jiiiyaccepted the position as suC3peif?isor of the County Schools.Everything is in readiness for-a&e opening of the Chantauqua atwSkree p. m. to-day. The program isjjood and all the surrounding towns"wliere it has been put on speak highlysrf It. Twelve big entertainments inBx days. Every person taking partiSm $-e program is an artist in his orer line. Remember that (most of- etJks lecturers wjll treat on patriotic3bjects. Don't fail to take in all of-JJks programs. And when the Chautauqua has closed you will be both" Abetter and wiser. We must put it'rrer the top, we want it another;yeax, and cannot afford to give it up.JSJtv, Ellis, of the Paris Christiansnarch, will hold religious servicesSm the tent on the Chautauquajjgrounds, Sunday morning. Don't forget we have with us Capt. Hobson, ofIScrimac fame, Sunday evening. The.sexercises will begin at 3:00 p. m. andZzQ p. m, each day.m m m"SJHCHEASED " TAXATION NECESSARY."Secretary McAdoo's position rela-&ffc to taxation for the coming year-was frankly and positively stated inTins letter to Majority Leader Kitchinmt the House of Representatives. He-frote in part:We can not afford to rely upon-4,000.000,000 only for taxation, be-tiufii? we shall then have to rely onfreeing $20,000,000,000 by loans.''SFhls would be a surrender to therpollcy of high-interest rates and in, 2qn, with all their evil conse--vjuences."IT we are to preserve the financial-strength of the Nation we must do- 'sound and safe things, no matter-whether they hurt our pockets or in-- "aolve sacrifices sacrifices of a relaVfcively insignificant sort compared"with those our soldiers and sailorsare making to save the life of theJNatioh.""The sound thing to do unquestion-s?ably is to increase taxation, and thet increases should be determined upon-rprampGy and made effective at the??!srliest-possible moment."' v Tlie Secretary's recommendations-TvJjiaefly are that one-third (estimated-.stSOoO.OOO.OOO) of the cash ex-- Teaditures to be made during the:fcsc&l year ending June 30, 1919, beprovided for by taxation, a real war-. profits' tax at a high rate upon allyawar profits, a substantial increase inf&Ei& -amount of norjmal income tax-opoa all so-called unearned incomes,,-.. 3Qk3 heavy taxation upon all luxuries.taa 1 lsaV-TMSPTNITY AND EYEGLASSESCurbstone law is that rule of con--""duct prescribed, practiced and be-- ' "Sieved in by nine-tenths of the in-Tuibitants of these States, writes Jos."".:L. -"Hooper in Case and Comment. It- is the quintessence of the commonTf law the com,monest common law. It' tr Tests purely on tradition: It has only-tke sanction of its votaries; but it isa. legal system, as certainly as the-iUodo Napoleon.Curbstone law forbids one man to'vstrJke another who is wearing eyejgiasses To.- hit a man wearingpasses is a felony, punishable by imprisonment for a long term of years.&. least a hundred times in my praclice 3. have heard the unwritten lawexpounded. No matter what theprovocation, no matter if he of the-.eyeglasses is the aggressor, curbstonellaw-gteps in and says in thunder'Ucracs: "You dare not swat him! Let"him alone, or State's prison stares, , you in the face!"". ifois immunity has saved many a'i --man from punishment, whether mer-Xu4 or not. I have known of only,-cme iastance where this law was cir-wciarreated. A man and his wife had-r.um"altercation with an eyeglass-'Heteing "boarder, who broadly in-'sultad the lady. Her husband wasabout to, "beat the boarder upon the"!id when his spouse interposed, say-?ing: "DonH hit him! He wearsglasses!" Whereupon her husband-plttcked'the legal talisman fropi thekxwfler's nose, laid it carefully on abjauCaad smote his unglassed op-gjdmk, "aoee, hip and thigh.DEATHS.ROBERTS.Albert Lee Roberts, aged sixyears, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. L.Roberts, died at the home of his parents near Ruddles Mills. The boywas operated' on for appendicitis recently at the Harrison County Hospital, in Cynthiana, and was apparently recovering, when he contractedwhooping-cough. Besides his parentshe is survived by a little sister andtwo brothers. The body was interredin Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthiana, with services conducted atgrave by Rev. Jos. D. Armistead,pastor of the Cynthiana Christianchurch.WELSH.Mr. Garrett Welsh, a formerme,mber of the Lexington police force,and in late years superintendent ofthe McClelland office building inthat city, died at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Wednesday morning, after a protracted illness. He was seventy-two years old.Mr. Welsh was a brother of Mrs.T. Duke Jones, of Millersburg. Besides Mrs. Jones, he is survived bythree other sisters, Mrs. James F.Gleason, Mrs. I. E. Gleason, andMisses Mary and Julia Welsh, of Lexington, and one daughter, Mrs. MaryRessler, also of Lexington.The funeral was held at St. Paul'sCatholic church, in Lexington, atnine o'clock, yesterday morning,with services conducted by Rev. Father de Waganeare. The burial followed in the family lot in the Lexington Catholic Cemetery.WHITLEY.Mrs. Margaret Smart Whitley,aged twenty-six, died Monday at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, after a protracted illness due toBright's disease. The remains weretaken from the institution to thehome of her imother, Mrs. JosephineSmart, on Second street.Mrs. Whitley was the wife of Mr.Jesse Whitley, who is now a memberof the United States army stationedat Camp Zachary Taylor. Besides herhusband she is survived by onedaughter, Miss Susie Whitley, hermother, Mrs. Josephine Smart, fivesisters, Mrs. Lena Elliott, of Paris,Mrs. Thatcher Bryson, of Covington,Mrs. Mary Heiden and Mrs. JosephineLeebeen, both of Anderson, -Ind., andMrs. Nora Hayborn, of Niles, Mich.,and two half-brothers, L. R. Millerand Oscar Miller, both of West Virginia. The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with services at the grave in the Paris Cemetery, conducted by Rev. Geo. R.Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The pall-bearers were children of Mrs. Whitley.LAWSON.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers, ofParis, were called to Flemingsburg,Tuesday by a long distance telephonemessage stating that Mrs. Mathers'father, Mr. James A. Lawson, wasat the point of death. Dr. and Mrs.Mathers left at once in their autofor Flemingsburg, but arrived shortly after his death.Mr. Lawson was the last survivorof the family of John and ConstanceLawson. He was born near Tilton,in Fleming county, on May 2, 1937,and at the time of his death was inhis eighty-second year. He had beenin feeble health for several months.His death was due to a second strokeof paralysis, which he sustained afew hours before his death.The funeral was held from thefamily residence yesterday morning,the interment following in the Flemingsburg Cemetery.Mr. Lawson is survived by one son,Mr. J. W. Lawson, of Flemingsburg,and seven daughters, Mrs. Sam Crain,Mrs. C. M. Lee, Mrs. J. W. Lee, Mrs.Harry Mathers, Mrs. J. Q. Grannis,Mrs. McM Cox and Miss FlorenceLawson.Mr. Lawson was a representativecitizen, one who kept fully informedand abreast of the times, despite hisage. He was a man of intellectualattainments of a superior order andprominent in his community and inthe affairs of everyday life.tS fe T'MATRIMONIAL.Mystery of mysteries! A marriage license was issued yesterdayfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton to but there's abig line underneath it saying:"Please Don't Publish!" So thosedesiring to satisfy their curiositywill have to see Clerk Paton or themarriage license book!MAHARNEY WHITSON.Mr. Bedford Whitson and MissElizabeth Maharney, both of nearShawhan, were married in Cynthiana, the ceremony being performedby Rev. Geo. W. Am,merman. Thegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. RayWhitson, and the bride a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. H. B. Maharney. Theywill reside at the home of thegroom, near Shawhan.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. SamuelIshmael, residing on the farm of MrsNellie Highland, near Paris, a daughter. Yesterday morning to the wifeof Mr. Riley Martin, of Vine-street,a daughter. Second born. Mrs. Martin was formerly Miss Feebacfc, ofthe county. . :BURN WOOD AND SAVE COAL!Look the situation squarely in theface; these are war times and ourcountry is short of coal 50,000,000tons short. We mined 50,000,000extra tons last year but it was allused in (manufacturing ammunitionand war supplies and in firing battleships and transports. We are stillshort 'of coal. The railroads can'tpossibly haul as much as we need.And we are facing another shortagenext winter.Part of this shortage must be madeup by the use of wood instead ofcoal. There is plenty of wood in theEastern and Northern States, millionsof cords pf it uncut, ready to bechopped. But it is practicable onlyfor the use of farmers and villagers.Munitions plants cannot burn wood,warships cannot burn it, nor, because of the transportation problem,can people living in cities. It wouldnot help matters, to try to ship woodby rail. It is too bulky and carscannot be spared for carrying it.Youwho live in rural communitiesshould cut wood for your next year'sfuel. This is your job. You cansave huge quantities of coal if youwill cut wood, arrange your heatingsystem to burn it, and make it yourbusiness to see that your communityis awake and doing its bit. Thefar,mer who drives an empty wagon totown and drives back with a load ofcoal is driving in the wrong direction. He is a slacker. We don't needthat kind.The man who would like to burncoal because it's easier and handier,but who thinks enough of his country and the boys "over there," sothat he shoulders his axe, spurns thewinter wind and goes out to cutwood in order to save coal, is helpingto fight the war.Rural schools and churches, as wellas homes, should restore the old woodpile and makes themselves sure ofwarmth next winter.This country has lots of wood andlots of brawn and muscle with whichto handle it. Don't allow this year'sneglect to result in next year's suffering, when a little forethought and alittle added energy will mean comfortin your home and in that of yourneighbor.Start the movement. Tell the people about it. The progressive, patriotic men in each com,munity must stirthings up. Go to work now and seethat enough wood is ready and seasoning for next year's use to takecare of the community's wants.This isn't a time to think of profits,yet wood can be handledat a veryattractive margin. You know yourown local conditions better than anyone else. But whether you make awood-cutting bee or go at it as abusiness enterprise cut wood, don'tfail to cut wood!Save coal to fight the war! ,Save coal to back our boys!Cut wood!Saw wood!Burn wood!Lay up wood for next winter!Ea 153 1516 YEARS OLD; TYPES 85 WORDSA MINUTE.There is a wonderful story abouta girl 6 years old. Her father hastaught her typewriting since she was4. She now can do eighty-five wordsa minute. The writer of the articlesays :"The Champion Child Typist of theWorld is the title Grace Ruth Byers6-year-old San Francisco tot, hasearned by her record of more thaneighty words a minute on the machine. By the end of the summerher father, Fred F. Byers, head of aSan Francisco commercial school, expects her to do at least 100 words aminute. The present world's recordis 143 Avords a minute."When she was a little past 4 Mr.Beyers began practical typewritinglessons; at first (merely finger exercises. She practiced these in twentyminute periods four times a day. Ifher fingers were cold she would dipthem into lukewarm water and thenmassage them with cold cream. Shespecialized on the most difficult exercises, such as keeping the third fingerfrom the thumb extended while theothers were clinched. She memorizedthe different parts of the typewriter,carriage keys, spacer, shift key, shiftlock, ribbon winder, tabulator and soon. And she becane familiar withfvery modern machine."When she was 5 years old herfather began taking speed tests ofthe child. One of the first resultsof these was that she could do thirtywords a minute, coppying from anymaterial. Since then speed tests havebeen taken every day. In June, 1917,when the child was 5 years old,she did sixtywords a minute, all perfect. Although she does now eightyperfect words a minutes, aid occasionally eighty-five, her father believes he could teach her to do 100words a minute within two weeks."Cottage For Rent.Nice frame cottage on Vine street,ley. Has bath and all jmodern conadjoining residence of W. H. Whitveniences. Call on or address(5-tf) .JOHN T. HINTON.FOR RENT.Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, kitchenand laundry. Front room can beused for office. Two rooms upstairs.Location, 623 Main street.- Apply to..MRS. J. B. NORTHCOTT, W(tfp- -V High" Street."'A 'RELIGIOUS.Judge Lyman Chalkley, of thelaw department of the University ofKentucky, will fill the pulpit at St.Peters Episcopal Church, in thiswt-j, kcai ouuaay.Sunday was observed through-cr .."?. Pcopai Church,South, as "National Day." The daywas selected as being the Sundaynearest the Fourth of July, and wasobserved by special sermons from thepulpits of the church and by specialprograms m the Sunday Schools.f7Z Aescond annual convention;of the All-South Chrisitian EndeavorMovement will be held July 11 to 14 Jat Memphis, Tenn., with delegates inartanrtnnnn i. ... i"lru. 7, 11Um a11 t 'the sixteenStates m the South. Plans are beingmade for a total attendance of between three and four thousand delegates. , The Woman's Summer School ofMissions of, the Southern Presbyterian church will hold its fifth annual-sessionat Montreat, N. C, July 14to 21. The Bible study will be conducted by the Rev. Dr. Walter LLingle, of Richmond, Va. The mission study books, both home and foreign, will be taught by Miss AnnaMilhgan, educational secretary of theUnited PresbyterianChurch.A Christian Workers' Conference and Sunday School Institute forthe religious workers of the Southern Presbyterian Church in Kentucky will be held under the auspices of the Presbytery of West Lexington, at Jackson, Ky., August 21to 24. Thomas B. Talbot, of Louisville, superintendent o home missions for West Lexington Presbytery,will preside over the conference.Ea s feREVENUE FOR ROADSIf we will only pause for a momentand observe, it will be apparent toeveryone that the roads in practicallyall of the counties are getting worseeach year. There is a reason foreverything, and in this case the principal reason is the lack of revenueto maintain the thoroughfares, underthe change in traffic conditions andincreased price of everything thatenters into road work.The counties jmust have more revenue immediately, because if thematter is very much longer delayedthe entire road system of the variouscounties will have to be rebuilt entailing an expenditure in most instances in each county of severalhundreds of thousands of dollars.The people are not contented without roads. They will have roads nomatter what they cost, and whentheir entire highway system has beendestroyed they will perhaps wake up,but it would seem to be very muchbetter if the people would only takewarning and provide extra revenueTOMORROW (SATURDAY)CLEAN-UP DAYAll short and broken lines, all odds and ends, have beentaken from our shelves and marked at prices that will findnew owners on sight. Come in tomorrow and you will appreciate these great bargains. Greatest and most completeline ofen'sShoes,Ladies' Mahogany Tan do QQPumps. y&mVvLadies' Canvas Boots and Pumps ji aaLadies' Black Kid English Oxfords' djo qq.Ladies' Mahogany Tan English dj o qCBoots and Oxfords yuUOLadies' Black Kid do jqPumps y&ttvParis' Greatest Shoe StoreMIIMHIIIIIIIHIIlMHMllHlHlirilUThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.till 1 1'H-frM I lttyt'ttf KI'HIHHIUI 1 1 HI 1 1by voting the 20c road tax. It wouldenable the authorities to preserve theroads while they are in; condition tobe saved.It is certainly patriotic to maintain roads at this time,, so as to haulthe products of the farm to .marketas cheaply as possible, and also to relieve the congestion of the railroads.A careful study has been made ofthe road conditions in the entireState and it's known beyond a doubtthat the various counties have nothalf enough funds for road purposes.Other States have increased theirexpeditures to -meet the changedconditions, why not we be alive inKentucky?fe ISKEEP YOUR BONDS.Owners of Liberty Bonds arewarned . in a Treasury Departmentstatement from Washington, againstagents' alluring offers to exchangebonds and stocks alleged to yieldhigher returns. Usually the agentsare jT:m4m.Women's andOxfords andAt Special PriceReductions!Ladies' most beautifulGray, Mahogany, Tan,Black and White KidBOOTS, OXFORDSAND PUMPSWalk-Over and other famous makes, at bargainprices.Men's Canvas Rubber Sole m aaOxfords $1.99Men's Tan and Black Shoes and o jaOxfords, good makes $AvMen's Dark Tan English Shoes and r? aa.Oxfords, Walk-Over S5.00Men's Gun Metal Button o inand Lace Shoes iZAuBoys' Gun Metal Lace and i aa. Button Shoes S1.99Men's Tan Scouts " " io o jat $2.24DAN COHENWhere Beauty and EconomylReign-Ky.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286TEACHERS WILL RECEIVE THEIRPAY TO-MORROW.County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood will be in his officeat the court house to-morrow, Saturday, July 13, for the purpose of disbursing checks to the teachers of theBourbon county schools for their salaries. Notification was recentlygiven from headquarters at Frankfort to the County Board of Education that the State money for payment of the teachers' salaries wouldnot be available until August. TheBoard at once made arrangementsfor borrowing sufficient funds withwhich to pay salaries. This moneyhas now become available. This willbe notice to the teachers to ccumepromptly a-nd receive their checks.Mr. Caywood and the members ofthe County Board of Education willmake a trip of inspection to-morrowto Plum Lick, for the purpose of inspecting the school building at thatplace, and to determine the extent ofimprovements needed. Of a total ofsixty-four pupils on the roll, fortyseven are from Bourbon county, andseventeen from Montgomery county.3tChildrensPumps&& II-bL'C$1 " S(lav?-. y