T-V t .? JA ", ?jTHENEWSi .PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY JN THE YEAR.-J1BOURBONMp1.VOLUMEJXXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1918--- hmki tirtfi fOFFICERS WHO WILL CONDUCTAUGUST ELECTION.The following is a complete listof the officers who will conduct theprimary election to be held in thiscounty in August, to select candidatefor United States Senator and otheroffices:Paris No. 1 Newt. Mitchell, D.,clerk; Frank Clay, R, judge;- Douglas Thomas, D., judge; Wm. Goodloe,R sheriff.Paris No. 2 Swift Champ, Dclerk; B. H. 0 wings, H., judge; E. F.Cantrill, D., judge, E. H. Gorey, R., Isheriff.Paris No. 3 John Chism, D., sheriff; Geo. Stuart, R judge; Geo.!Rose, R judge, Percy Smith, D.,clerk.Paris No. 4 A. J. Fee, R., clerk;H. T. Ingram, R., judge; H. ClayHutchcraft, D., judge; J. Harvey"Hibler, D., sheriff.Paris N. 5 John T. Hedges, D.,judge; Newt. Smith, D., clerk; H. D.Collins, R., sheriff; Carl Williams, R.,judge.Paris No. 6 Harry Mitchell, D.,judge; J. Will Thomas, D., clerk; J.Hooker Stivers, R., judge; WyattThompson, R., sheriff.Millersburg No. 1 John Leer, D.,judge; T. W. Current, D., clerk; J.S. Shoptaugh, R., sheriff; Jas. Cleaver, R., judge.Millersburg No. 2 Dan Clark,D., judge; Geo. R. Stoker, D., sheriff;John Hunter, R., judge; D. M. Hurst,R., clerk.Flat Rock No. 1 Ike Crouch, D.,judge; R. P. Hopkins, D., judge; J.C. Blount, R., sheriff; Ed. Thomason,U., clerk.Flat Rock No. 2 John W. BroThy, D., sheriff; Walter Kenney, D.,sheriff; Davis Patrick, R., judge; J.M. Murphy, R., judge.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Jr., D., clerk; C. C. Hadden, D., judge; W. R. Tuttle, R.,sheriff; Ora Wagoner, R., judge., Clintonville No. 1 Robert Terrill,D., judge; Will Stipp, D judge; S.Ii. Weathers, R., clerk; T. H. Clay,Jr., sheriff.Clintonville No. 2 -James Elliott,D., judge; Geo. Jones, R., clerk;-James Ingels, D., sheriff; Grant Pep--per,R., judge.Hutchison No. 1 Wm. Meteer, D.,judge; Geo. Link, D., sheriff; H. S.FRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS 'CLEARANCESALERemnantsOF ALL KINDS.;Ssl I4iGreat ReductionsOilSuits, Coats Waists-iFRANKSTOLEN AUTOMOBILE TURNEDOVER AND BADLY DAMAGEDAn automobile belonging to S. S.and; A. H. Oldson, of North Middletown, which was stolen on Upperstreet, in Lexington, early Saturdaynight, was found Sunday morningturned over and badly damaged onthe Georgetown pike, about twomiles from Lexington. The occupant of the car evidently escaped unhurt. The automobile, which, hadrun into a fence, was found by Mr.E. H. Doak, of Lexington. The machine was towed to a garage and theowners notified by telephone of itslocation and condition. The damaged niachine was repaired, and wastaken back as far as Paris yesterday,where the owners came for it. 'to toHEAD-ON COLLISION ON LEXINGTON & EASTERN.All Lexington and Louisville trainshave been delayed for two' or threedays due to a head-on collision between two long coal trains on. theEastern Kentucky division of theLouisville & Nashville railroad, theLexington & Eastern railroad, nearTypo, in Perry county. The damagewas heavy, but there was no loss oflife. Transfers of passengers, expressand mail was necessary. This was thefirst head-on collision in the historyof the road.Ritchie, R judge; W. K. Dudley, R.,clerk.Hutchison No. 2 Wm. Ardery,D., clerk; John Wright, D., judge; J.H. McGinnis, R., judge; "LawrenceHorton, R., sheriff.Centerville No. 1 D. C. Lisle, D.,clerk; Jos. Leach, D., judge; D.Hume, R., judge; Lawrence Horton,R., sheriff.Centerville No. 2 Jos. Ewalt, D.,clerk; John Clay, D., judge; EwaltHaley, R., judge; Chas. Kuster, R.,sheriff.Ruddles Mills No. 1 Jas. Fisher,D., clerk; Doc Padgett, D.f judge; Q.Maharney, R., sheriff; Henry Paynter, R., judge.fuddles Mills No. 2 CourtlandLeer, D., judge; Steele Marsh, D.,clerk; H. M. Wagoner, R., judge;Lindsay Hough, R., sheriff.& CO.tIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Carl Lenox, who jls stationedat Ft. Oglethrope, Ga., as a memberof the U. S. army in the service ofUncle Sam, has been granted a furlough of ten days. Mr. Lenox cameto Paris, Saturday for a visit to hisfather, Mr. Jos. Lenox, who is ill.Postcards have been receivedfrom Flournoy Hagan, Samuel Dick,Marion Thomas and Herbert Sledd,all of the North Middletown vicinity,announcing their safe arrival at aFrench port. The latter three arewith the Dr. Barrow Base HospitalUnit No. 40, as enlisted men. Haganis in the infantry branch of the service. .Mr. Charles McCarthy, lately ofParis, now in Uncle Sam's service atCamp Zachary Taylor, was a guest ofParis relatives several days lastweek. Mr. McCarthy, before joiningthe Bourbon county contingent, wasemployed in the office of E. F. Spears& Sons. He is a son of Mrs. P. I.McCarthy, of Lexington, and a nephew of Misses Mary and Julia McCarthy, of Paris.If you have interesting news ofyour soldier or sailor friend, relativeor sweetheart, tell THE NEWS manof call 124 either phone. The "Inthe Service" column is proving oneof the most interesting departmentsof the paper. Help THE NEWS toget news of the boys so that the boy3in camp may know what is going on.Your assistance will be greatly appreciated. "In again, out again, in again,"seems to be the fate of Mr. ForrestFightmaster, of North Middletown.Mr. Fightmaster was ordered to report at the Great Lake3 Naval' Station on July 19. He was later notified -not to come, owing to crowdedconditions at the camp. Saturday hereceived orders to report at once atthe Louisville recruiting office, fromwhere he was transferred to theGreat Lakes Camp.J. W. Waller, of Paris, has receiveda commission as Second Lieutenant inthe Twenty-second Division, United,States .Engineers'- Jorps.- LieutenaJt3lifyf54) Pruitt Jackson.Waller is a brother of Mrs. W. A.Clark, who resides at the Hotel Anderson, in Cincinnati. For the pastseveral years Lieutenant Waller hasbeen in the engineering division ofthe Interstate Commerce Commission,with headquarters at Chattanooga,Tenn. Although this governmentwork was sufficient for claims for ex-,emption from military service, hemade application for a commissionupon the announcement that UncleSam was in need of capable engineers, asking for immediate overseasservice. He left for Ft. BenjaminHarrison, Monday, where he will undergo a short training period, afterwhich he expects sailing orders.After an absence from Paris ofseveral years, the last two years ofwhich no tiding were received fromhim as to his location, Mr. John R.Lytle, son of Mr. and Mrs. Omar G.Lytle, of Paris, has been located.Mr. Lytle, after leaving Paris became a disciple of the "wanderlust,"and held important clerical positionswith large concerns in different partsof the country.A few days ago Mrs. Lytle receiveda letter from her son, written fromCamp Custer, near Battle Creek,Mich., in which he detailed most ofhis wanderings, winding up withhis coming to Detroit, Mich., wherehe had been over a year. Mr. Lytlesaid in his letter, in part:"I have been in Detroit since Jan.1, 1918, taking employment firstwith the Maxwell Motor Co., then theSolnay Precess Co., the H. G. Chrisman Co., and lastly with the American Car Foundry Co. At this lastplace I worked at piece work for fiveweeks, making big shells, and madefrom $10 to $12 each night. Detroitis the best city in America for aworking man. Girls make as high as$20 a week, and men with good tradecommand the highest salaries. Also,living conditions are better than inother cities, as the1 houses are not socrampled together. Living is high,but the good wages paid offset that.Would liked to .have remained withthe Car & Foundry Co., but wasdrafted on July 22, and am now atCamp Custer, iear Battle Creek,Mich., -which is about 100 miles fromDetroit Have been here but twodays, so haven't seen much of thecamp. We will have to remain. -inquarantine in the detention camp fortwo -weeks. What I have seen isn'tat all bad. The food is good andplentiful. A division just left heretwo days ago, and our bunch. -is thenucelus of another division. I willpositively be home on the first extended leave I can get. Would liketo get the Paris papers. Have anyof the Paris loys gone to France yet,and have any. of my old-time friends(Continue omPajeS.)TWENTY-SIX DRAFTEES ENTRAIN FOR CAMP TAYLOR.With the usual accompainments tosuch proceedings twenty-six coloredmen of the city and county, selectedfor army service in the call to colors under the draftee act, left Parisyesterday morning at 7:45 for CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville. ,There they will be inducted into theservice of the United States in various branches.The men assembled at the courthouse in this city Sunday afternoon,at five o'clock, and were given theirfinal instructions by the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption. On Sunday night they were the guests ofcitizens of Paris at a patriotic suppergiven in their honor at the coloredM. E. Church, on High street. Refreshments of an appetizing kindwere served, followed by a number ofpatriotic addresses by speakers and amusical program. Yesterday morning the men reassembled in front of?the court house, and headed by theLiberty Drum and Bugle Corps, andaccompanied by members of theBoard of Exemption, marched upMain street to the Tenth street passenger station of the Louisville &Nashville, where they entrained forCamp Zachary Taylor.It has been a subject of favorablecomment that the color line has neverbeen drawn, here in honoring thosewho are going into the service oftheir country. The colored boys whohave given up their different occupations to respond to the call to thecolors were given just as enthusiastic a send-off as any of the other contingents that have preceded them,attesting the appreciation our peopleare giving them of the sacrifices madefor their country.Those who left yesterday for CampZachary Taylor were:32 (486) Benjamin H. McAfee.57 (1282) Thos. Henry McCoy.234 (856) Garrett Evans.349 (441) Clarence Ayres.420 (436) Estill .Willis.516 (422) Stanley Asbury.599 (920) Essice Stephenson.622 (342) Ivan Bradley.743 (445) Henry Barnes.788 (662) Mitchell Allen.803 (1429) John Thomas.873 (1262) Ernest William Johnson844 (248) James H. Thomas, o923 (469) Prank Hinkston.936 (1449) John Beckham.1005 (1115) Ed Washington.1050 (1111) Charlie Stonestreet. -1116 (476) Lewis Johnson.1156 (210) Chester Hall.1263 (377) Robert Owen Harris1286 (474) Alonzo Jackson. .1296 (137) Edward Oliver.1501 (2) Humes Burnside.231 (383) William Henry Johnson501 (633) John Morgan.fe IHiHAIL INSURANCE.Hail insurance on tobaccoand small srairi.McCLURE & DONALDSON.(june4-tf)fc.1 jte teNATURE OUTDOES FICTION INVEGETABLE GROWTH.Truth is stranger than fiction, andalways more convincing. Freaks ofall kinds, in the human race, thevegetable and anijmal world, continueio noia tneir places as convincingproof of the old adage.One of the most remarkable freaksin the way of ahybrid plant was recently shown to a NEWS man byMr. J. E. Taylor, eiisrfneer at the seedcleaning plant or E. F. Spears &Sons, near the Third street freightstation of the L. & N.Some time ago Mr. Taylor's attention was attracted, to a peculiar looking plant growing from a pile of refuse on the "dump" at the seed plantOn this "dump" all the refuse fromthe seed that has been cleaned isthrown. The plant bore signs ofbudding flowers of some kind, andMr. Taylor watched its growth withmingled curiosity and interest. Theplant grew and grew overnight likeJack's beanstalk, until one morninga few days ago a remarkabe 'sightgreeted Mr. Taylor when he paid avisit of inspection to the place. Onone side of the heavy stalk there wasa nujmber of fully developed old-fashioned hollyhocks, such as grandmothers used t6 raise in their backyards. On the other side was a largenumber of whax appeared to be chestnut burrs, having a growth of spiney,needle-like stickers exactly resembling the mountain product. The topof the plant had bloomed out in largewhite and cream colored flowers,, ofan unknown species.Mr. Taylor called several .localbotanists, but none ot them could account for the strange growth or giveit a name. They readily recognizedthe hollyhocks, but the other1growths Tvere outside their understanding. The supposition is thatthe plant is the result of a combmation of seeds gathered by the strippers when stripping the blue grassseed from the fields in which theyliad lain! When thrown out with therest of the chaff by a mere chance theseeds were combined, giving forththe remarkaWe freak- growth whichMr. Taylor iow'cherishes 'WIND, HAH, RAIN AND UGHTNING HOLD REVELS.Tobacco, corn and other growingcrops were blown down, and largequantities of fencing and other property in the county was considerablydamaged by a storm of rain andwind, accompanied by lightning andhail which swept over a portion ofthe county late Friday afternoon.Slight damage was also done to thecrops of the county late Friday afternoon. Slight damage was also doneto the crops in other parts of thecounty, but the storm seemed to haveveered toward North Middletown,and to have wreaked the greatestdestruction in that neighborhood.The storm was especially severe inthe vicinity of the Xalapa Farm, thebeautiful country estate of Mr. Edward Simms, on the North Middletown pike, between Paris and NorthMiddletown. A large niunber ofshade trees were uprooted by theforce of the wind. A large tobaccobarn under construction on theSimms place was lifted from its foundation and moved a distance of tenreet Dy the windstorm. In manyplaces the water stood .half-way upthe young tobacco' and corn plants,and branches became creeks, whilecreeks were swollen almost to theproportions of rivers in places, Thehail cut the tobacco to scraps jn several fields. The storm was not feltin Paris, where there 'was only aslight rainfall, with no evidence ofwind.. CUT ELOWERS.We have secured the agency ofHo-naker, the florist, of Lexington.Place your order for cut flowers withus for funerals, weddings, partiesand for any other occasion where cutflowers are used.( 2 july-tf ) BRUCE HOLLADAY.m m mMERCHANTS ORDERED TO MAKEBUT ONE DAILY DELIVERYMr. E. E. Landis, local managerof the Merchants' Delivery Service,is in receipt of an order from theUnited States Government authorities, directing him to notify merchants that they must make but onedaily delivery of goods in the future.One delivery will be made each day,and no merchant will be permitted, totraverse the sapae route twice.This is being done to further the,plans of the Government in conservation of gasoline and labor. Whilethis order may cause considerable inconvenience to customers, it is aGovernment order, and in these wartimes, what the Government ordersis generally for the best interests ofall and must be obeyed.WE KNOW MOWPalm Beach andKool Kloth Suits tFor Summer Wear, the Real,Genuine Palm Beach Clothx The kind that is cool and serviceable and comfortable, not " 5 ;tne cotton shoddy kind that draws up and wears out before 1 :the season is over. We sell only one kind, and that is the f:lbest. All colors, solid and fancy mixtures. jj ,$13.50 to $20.00;; Kool KlothA light summer cloth with aK Beach garments, but very serviceable and comfortable.$12.50Manhattan and Wilson Bros'. Silk ii - -v . . -.. MlShirts, $b.UU to $1U.0U Jx Many fancy and stylish patterns, solid colors and fancy xStraw HatsMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENttleton ShoesDr. Retd's Cushion Sol ShoeGREAT LAKES NAVAL BAUDPLEASES LARGE CROWDThe Dixie Detachment of the GreatLakes Naval Band, under the leadership of Bandmaster S. M. Smith, paidParis a welcome visit Friday afternoon and evening and received aright royal welcopie. The appearanceof the band here was the occasion forn outburst of genuine patriotic enthusiasm.The band-came to Paris on an il-terurban car from Lexington at 3:29o'clock Friday afternoon and was metat the interurban station at Fifthand High Streets by a reception, committee. Forming in parade formation the thirty-eight members of theband, preceded by the reception.committee and a color guard, paraded Main street to Tenth returningover the same route to the courthouse, where they disbanded. Theband was entertained at supper atthe Crosdale Hotel.In ihe evening, beginning at eighto'clock the band gave a concert lasting two hours, in, front of the courthouse. During an intermission PettyOfficer Turner, of the Louisville recruiting station, made an address imthe interest of enlisting young mefor service in the navy. The bamdrendered a delightful and pleasingmusical program, which was enthusiastically applauded by the large audience. The crowd that gathereTToTiearthe concert filled every available footof space in the vicinity. Hundredsof automobiles were parked aroundthe court house, and along Malastreet, from which vantage pointstheir occupants added the noisy encore of their auto horns to the applause that greeted each number onthe program. The band returned toLexington on a special interurbancar at the conclusion of the program.If the efforts -of Lexington businessimen are successful the band will return to thi3 vicinity in a furthercampaign for enlistments. The Lexington people are in communicationwith the naval authorities in an endeavor to have the band's furlough,extended thirty days in. the State.There was no response here to the ajpeal for enlistments, and it is thoughtthat another visifc of the Naval Bandmay be the means of inducing wavering ones to come to the call of thecolors in the naval servicem t;-f HAIL INSURANCE, IInsure your tobaccoagainst half, I' represent reliable, promptpaying companies.ROXIE DAVIS.(june4-tf) :: r: :iitifIiK:'m 1imi::little more weight than Palm 5 5to $25.00 j, stripes. iWland PanamasI IxIII1iw.'iv - :x'sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.iGXTWOTUHSDAY, JULY 30, 118. "" "A 4 ,l stj&!z rii aIKE BOURBON NEWSfcWKished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayIter Year..?2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, EdlWr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the'jfcamrtnr. standing or reputation of-mmj person firm or corporation which.yappear in the -columns of THJEJ$URBON NEWS will be gladly corToUd if brought to attention of theADVERTISING BATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perdncftL 'Cor first time; 50 cents per inch"rh subsequent insertion.Steading Notices, 10 cents per line-4Mtcfc"i88ue; reading notices in black'nrpe,;80' cents per line, each issue.Crds, of thanks, . calls on candl;&&& obituaries and resolutions, and"mibififLr matter, 10 cents per line.'"fricjal'- rates for large advertise--Mei&a&'dyearly contracts.-Hbe right of publisher is reserved&9fecKQ.e any advertisement or otheretwtter for publication.Announcements for political officesBMMfr invariably be accompanied by4JW 3&8h.- This paperhas enlistedth'the government in thefcause of Amenca for theperiod of the warEDITOBIAL MUSINGS....(W TVhy Have "Pinal Tests?"""" In'many American cities they "have" abolished the plan of holding exam-aaataoris" at the end of each schoolterm to determine whether the chil--area are to be projmoted to highergrades. There the children are judg-'&. records kept during the entireIwoB. rad are promoted or not accord-zmg to -what they did the first to thelast.Ttds modern " educational method3robs" childhood of all Its "examina-ftScaWrfors," and at the same timetteadhesVoungsters that they are notagraotei on what they may happen toIhetc on the tip of their tongues on. .some particular day, but on their dayr? krwday,work, just as they will be re-'--.awawged in later years for their week-JxvmwGl' week-out achievements."THcwever, in many schools the tor-' "ur.o.system.of term end examinationsstUliprevails. Children are proddedaEt "tfTevaews -and their young mindsare v overtaxed for a lew days and"TiKea far into the nights to "pass' the examination."This . schoolroom nightmare hasflixnned the bodies and minds of?.xnany children.Tkiakof 'a shop foreman who bas-& jUs. Judgjmentv of his workmen'stVifcbllity. ahdT-effort "upon. periodic ex-xrmlaactioir rather than daily andV-jfcdart?-2piBerv&nce! Yet that is what'SstSKemSnation system asks of ateacher. "V"The Yanks Are Coming!"The Strassburger Post says theSkrmari public had attached toor .great hopes to the German offensive: t Kheims, and asks: "From -where& 43so troops come which the Amer-, acantraasports have really brought'farrore quickly than they were ex-Tpecte4?"Now that the Post is convincedhatthe million American soldiers in"""IFrsnce are a reality,' it might find out" rom where' these troops come" ififts'could get hold of'someof the spy-reports that havebeen reaching Berlin. But if the Post wants morev definite information, it might put its-editorial "finger .on just any point onhe map of the "United States and it- "trill touch the spot. For there is notState, nor a county nor precinct-'in these broad United States that s;not now represented in the great- American. Army in France.And if the. Strassburg editor wants"to see just what these American--soldiers look like, he need only totake & little trip into the westernariorGermany next spring and he"will see more Americans than he everr -dreapied would tread German soil."Tes, "the Yanks are coming!"A Call To Duty.sFrm"rthe battle fields in France"there comes aa unspoken call thatThbulC find an answer in everyJLfflrcan"s' heart. The recent greatviti 'In" Europe, the successes of'AmeHcan arms on the fields of Franceahould spur every American to greater effort.Our people at home should, cot restn the laurels of our soldiers in.Trance. Every death on the field of"honor in the line, of "duty and for ourcountry! caifce Should 'be a call to usfor everysaenfice and every exertionfoa'id the cause for 'wHichbur soldiers are fighting, for which oursoldiers have died.Increase production, decrease consumption, save, and lend to the Government. Every cent lent to theUnited States is used to support,strengthen, and aid our soldiers inFrance.Now Comes The Tug of War.Insolently stalking through a wornand war-torn Europe, the haughtywar-lord, "partner of God," Wilhelm, the Butcher,- despised of menexcept the poor deluded fools of hisown country, meets his match whenAmerican labor grasps the rope inthe tug-of-war game. A firm pull,and a strong pull will bring him tohis knees, and leave him grovelingin the dust.It means freedom for the world,with opportunity for every man to gohis way unhindered and unafraid.We have the men for a mightier armythan the Prussian. We have the rawmaterials to bury his empire and allhis hated and loathed militarism in acauldron of molten steel. But weneed the co-operation of everyAmerican worker to make our menand materials effective in agriculture, in jmanufacture, in transportation and we need it now.You can best hold up your end inthis gigantic tug-of-war by stickingto your job and doing the best youcan for your country and those dependent upon you, unless Uncle Samasks you to change, by working hard,by saving your money.All together, then, Americans, witha strong and lusty pull, for victoryand peace will be your certain reward. The Need and Our Opportunity."The womenfolk of France showplainly the pinch of hunger," writesa Wichita Falls (Tex.) soldier recently arrived in France. He alsowrites that 'the scraps from his campgo to feed the Belgians.Food valued at $1,400,000,000 wasshipped from the United States tothe allied countries during the lastfiscal year, Food AdministratorHoover writes in a report to President Wilson. Included in theseshipments were 3,011,100,000 poundsof meats and fats, and 340,800,000bushels of cereals representing increases of 844,600,000 pounds ofmeats and fats and 80,900,000 bushels of cereals over the previous year.These items are reproduced in thiscoliunn in order to show, first, thegreat need of our allies, and, second, that our conservation and effortsfor increased production are bringingsplendid results. With the needs ofour allies ever before us and withthe knowledge that our efforts areproducing certain and splendid results every American ought to be encouraged to conserve to the dtmostand to expend their best efforts toincrease production.American farms are big enoughand American lands are rich enough,the spirit of sacrifice is deep enoughand the enegry and resourcefulnessof our farmers is great enough to furnish plenty for every hungry womanand child in France and Belgium.fc fii to"THE AMERICANS CREED""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable;established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it against allenemies."DOG OWNERS MAY ESCAPE 1917TAX.Owners of dogs may escape payingthe dog tax for 1917. In re-enactingthe dog tax law, the last sessionof the General Assembly repealed theold dog tax law. At the present timethe Sheriffs are collecting the dogtax for 1917 at $1 a head. Fundsaccruing from this'source are turnedover to the State Auditor to paysheep claims. If any part of thef und'Ts left itgoestd"the school fund.Attorney General Morris has beenaked for an opinion as to whetherthe repealing offthe old dog tax lawmakes the1 assessment for 1 9 17 void.He has the question under considera-tion. Under the new law the fundsarjsmg froni the7 fdog tax law goes tothe county in which the fund israise'd.air mum ehr- tMTHE SEARCHLIGHTAllies Find Powerful and FarReaching Illumination an ImportanfFactor. USEFUL IN SPOTTING TANKSPkk Up Hun Bombing Planet at aDistance and Keep Them Constantly ,!n View EquippedWith Sound Detectors.New York. Last fall, when the Anstrlans were driving the Italian soldlera from their hard-won mountainfortresses, the defeated army had oneweapon which It constantly used toharass and Impede the foe. This wasthe electric searchlight, a newcomeron the field of battle.Powerful lights were trained everynight upon the advancing Austrianswhenever they came to a river crossing or whenever they were obliged tohalt for another reason. This hampered and Irritated the enemy exceedingly. It was not only that serious danger attended any disclosureof their operations. They sufferedalso from nerves when the long feelers' of light brushed over their facesand hands and revealed every detailof the work upon which they wereengaged.The use of searchlights by ourown expeditionary forces Is becomingan important branch of the engineering service. Not long ago congressvoted an appropriation of $1,000,000for searchlights of both the field typeand the anti-aircraft type. The lightscommonly used are 36-Inch lights, having a candlepower of 1,000,000,000, anda maximum range of approximately0,000 yards, or nearly six miles.First Use In Warfare.When searchlights were first introduced In warfare it was expected thatthey would be primarily serviceable in battlefield illumination. Thescheme was to throw light upon theopposing battle line and show advancing companies of infantry thekind of ground over which they hadto go. Another plan was to haverows of searchlights parallel with thetrenches and sweep the' terrain before them, lighting np the barbedwire entanglements laid by the foeand exposing . parties of enemy soldiers at work repairing them. However, neither of these uses turned outto be especially significant. The difficulty was that, as soon as the lightswere' In operation, they were easilypicked off by the enemy's guns. Inthe same manner, they could not beplaced along the line of trenchesMore recent experiments have demonstated that there Is a real usefulness for field searchlights. They arenow being employed to spot the enemy's tank advances. Instead of being hauled by horses, like the first fieldsearchlights, the newer ones aremounted on motor trucks. They are'flashed for only a minute or two at atime, and are instantly shifted to another vantage point. This affordsthem a greater measure of self-pro-tection.The antiaircraft searchlight is themost valuable type of light now usedby "our soldiers. It is our most effective defense against the low-flyingnight-bombing plane xf the Germans.Antiaircraft guns have proved almosthopelessly inadequate In coping withnight air raids, and if It were not forthe' long pointing fingers of the searchlight the foe would be able to effectsome very deadly work in night attacks upon supply depots and ammunition dumps.The method Is to pick np a hostilebombing plane when it is about fivemiles away from its objective. Forthis purpose the searchlights are located at points likely to be attacked.They are sunk in holes in the groundand are heavily sandbagged. Both thelight and the men working it are givenconsiderable protection.Fitted With Sound Receivers.To detect the approach of airplanesthe searchlight apparatus Is furnishedwth sound receivers. Without thesereceivers the outfit is practically useless. The receiver can be swungaround to catch the sound vibrations,and they are remarkably accurate indiscovering the position of the plane.Usually it can be located within a fewdegrees. The light is not turned on atall until the airplane Is practically located. Then it is suddenly flashed onthe craft. Once a bombing plane isfound It Is hard for it to get away fromthe inexorable pencil of light. Bombing planes are not like "battle planes;they must fly In comparativelystraight lines and are hot free totwist and turn so as to wriggle ontof range of the lightThe "first thing an' aviator does whenhe finds' himself in ttiespotHghlt is torise. That is Just whaVthe 'operator ofthe searchlight wants him to do. Thehigher he goes the less accurate hisaim becomes varid theJ smaller growsthe chance that he can hurl his bombsat a desired point; Fnrthermorehe Isdazzled by the light and his sense ofsecurity Is completely destroyed. Sometimes he can be found out by one ofthe antiaircraft guns, 'or pursued byone of our own airplanes. Even If ihesearchlight crew does nothing morethan to frighten 'an airman and drivehim away it has performed! a defensivej act which may'save Quantities 'ofstores and ainmhnitionto "say nothingof lives. , .i- W& .-& ."r "W -JSFSfVWELEKBURGM ' 2P ,W k i K -!Mr. and Mrs." J. T. Jefferson areguests at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss Elsie Booth, of Carlisle, isthe guest of Tier cousin, Mrs.''M. C.Grimes.i)r. W. G. Dailey was in Cincinnati professionally Saturday andSunday.Mrs. Louise Wood left Saturdayfor a visit to her cousin, Mrs. R. K.Hart, at Flemingsburg.Mrs. D. Nunnelley, of ' Georgetown, is the guest of her nephew,Mr. S. M. Allen, and family.Mr. Raymond Booth, of the U.S. navy, stationed in Rhode Island, isat hopie on a short. furlough.Dr. H. Clay Burroughs has goneto Springfield, Mass., to visit hisdaughter, Mrs. James Spencer.Mrs. James Price and children,of Esco'ndida, were guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke, Friday. Miss Martha Thomas Bowles hasreturned after a three-weeks' visit torelatives at Cincinnati and Cynthiana. Miss Nannie Bowden has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visito friends and relatives in thiscity.for. George Wadell, of .Louisville,was the guest of his brother, Mr. W.D. Wadell, and family a few days lastweek.Mrs. Alice Sutherland returnedto her home at Winchester, Friday,after a several days' visit to Mrs. W.M. Miller.Mrs. Charles Friend and children, of Lexington, have arrived Tora visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Carpenter.Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes and brother, Mr. W. E. Butler, were guests ofMr. James McClure and family, at'Paris, from Friday until Monday.Miss Mildred W. Bruce returnedFriday fropi the Eastern KentuckyI State Normal Institute, at Richmond,where she has been taking a specialcourse.Mrs. J. F. McDaniel and daughter, Miss Georgia McDaniel, returnedFriday after a few days' visit to Mr.?nd Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, Jr., andfamily, at Cynthiana.D. J. D. Calhoun, of this city,has a pumpkin in a perfect state" ofpreservation which was gatheredfrom a vine last fall. The pumpkinis flrpi and solid, showing no blem-is-hor decay, and is as smooth aswhen first matured. 'Rev. White, of North Carolina,entered on his duties as pastor of theBaptist church here Sunday, and conducted union services at the Christian church Sunday evening. Allwho heard him were very muchpleased with him.The outlook for the M. M. I. andM. C. for the coming year are verypromising. More than fifty cadetshave signed up at the M. M. I., andbefore the school opens Col. Best canhave more than he can accommodate.Dr. Fisher says the outlook for the M.C. is far better than last year, andquite a large number of girls havespoken for reservations.Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught andMrs. A. M. Vaught will leave fortheir home at Indianapolis, Ind., tov nnmnnm-pHby their mothervie,; , u.v.wvxi-ivand aunt, Mrs. T. D. Judy, and MissMary H. Taylor, who will remainwith them for a few days. Fromthence Mrs. Judy and Miss Taylorwill go for a three-weeks' visit totheir brother, Mr. Richard Taylorand family, at St. Joseph, Mo.YOU ARE DOING IT.Every time you read, you purchasers of Liberty Bonds and War Savings Stamps, of what the UnitedStates is doing in France in building wharves and railroads, or deluging the Germans with gas or shellingthem out of position with big gunsor shrapnel, or of the great work ofour army and our navy, or of thebuilding of ships here, or of any orall of the great or small achievementsof America, here or abroad or on theseas, you buyers of Liberty Bondsand War Savings Stamps truthfullycan say, "I had a hand in this;" "Icontributed to this;" "I am helpingdo this;" "It is part of my work."FURTHER RESTRICTIONS DRAWNON USE OF SUGAR.Beginning August 1 restrictions onthe consumption of sugar will be further drawn, according to orders issued by the Food Administration.Instead of three pounds per capita amonth, the monthly ration has beenreduced to' two pounds. In the statement it was pointed out that production had fallen off and that the demand had increased. For. householders, the rationing is voluntary.In the case, of hotels and restaurantsit will be enforced.- to i friEncouraging Fact.I know of no more encouraging factthan the unquestionable ability of manto ".elevate hlsMifer by a conscious endeavor. It Is something to be able topaint a particular picture or to carvea statue, and so to make a few objectsbeautiful, but it is far more gloriousto carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which welook, which morally we can do.Thofean.The Kaiser must-almostvnow regret1 i;hat he ever made peace with Russia.HELDS THAT HGKT FOR, FREE-A -field that fights for freedom isone in which every art of the farmerhas been used to make it yield amaximujm amount of food.A wheat field that fights for freedom will be one which has receivedcareful preparation, is supplied witha plentiful amount of phosphorusand has been sown with the bestseed wheat available. Stubble fieldsthat are to be sown to wheat this fallShould be thoroughly disced beforeplowing and should be plowed beforeAugust 10th, as wheat will not produce a maximum yield unless' theground is firm and compact.After the stubble field has beenplowed it should be dragged downproperly to level and pulverized soas to conserve the moisture. It shouldthen be disc-harrowed, then rolledand finely harrowed. The better thepreparation the-greater the yield andevery field must do its best.Soy-bean and cow-peas fields mustbe thoroughly finished by draggingand rolling or the yield will be disappointing. Every field that growstobacco this summer should be sownto wheat this fall, as wheat does wellfollowing tobacco. A tobacco fieldthat is not sown to wheat will be aslacker field.Only the best seed wheat shouldbe sown and the rate of seedingshould be from 1 to 2 bushels peracre. The Kentucky Experiment Station has proven that the best varietyis the Jersey Fultz. Wheat shouldnot be sown too deep. The rightdepth is from 1 to 1 inches.All seed jwheat should be treatedwith blue-stone or formalin to prevent smut, because the wheat fieldthat fights for freedom will harbor nosmut.The field that needs phosphorus,and this means every field in Kentucky except the richest in the BlueGrass region and some river bottombeds, will be given an application offrom 200 to 400 pounds of AcidPhosphate, Steamed Bone Meal orBasic Slag and the patriotic farmerwill order his fertilizer "early. Wheatdrills should be put in first conditionbefore sowing tyne and the seedingshould be carefully done to preventskips. Wheat seeding should startSeptember 23rd in Northern Kentucky; October 1st in Central Kentucky and October 10 th in SouthernKentucky. Sown earlier than this,wheat is liable to be infested withHessen fly.A field that fights for freedom willbe plowed with the utmost care inthe full realization that every inchof soil will be called upon to fightfor a righteous cause. No clods willbe permitted in that field, for clodsare allies of the Kaiser, but the fieldwill be pulverized and compacted toa firm, smooth seed-bed. The seedwheat will be treated with formalinor blue stone to exterminate smut,a plentiful supply of phosphate fertilizer will be added to the soil, thewheat drill will be in perfect condition and operated. with care so thatthere will be an even flow of wheatand no skipped places, and, whenthe labor in that field is completedthe farmer will consign it to hisMaker's care to be kissed by the gentle sunshine and watered by the lifegiving rain and will go oh""his way,rejoicing that he has dedicated tohis country's cause a field that willfight for freedom.ARMY AND COUNTRY N1ED STUDENT NURSES.The United States must have 25,000 student nurses now studentnurses for work at the front. OnJuly 29, the Woman's Committee,Council of National Defense, will begin a campaign to recruit young women for training schools in botharmy and civilian hospitals. These25,000 student nurses will form theUnited States Student Nurse Reserve.Kentucky's quota is 750, and thecampaign is in the hands of Mrs.Helm Bruce, State Chairman of theWoman's Committee, Council of National Defense. Miss Pauline Maywill have charge of the local campaign, plans for which will be announced later.Unless there are more studentnurses graduate nurses cannot besent to Europe and wounded men willsuffer. Graduate nurses can be released only by recruiting new student nurses. Graduate nurses canonly be supplied by filling trainingschools connected with the hospitals.An adequate supply of curses is essential for carrying on the war andyet the demand for women in otherbranches of war service has depletedthe number of students taking training for nursing until they are belowthat of normal times.What is needed is the enrollmentof 25,000 physically fit young women between the ages of 19 and 35,having full high school trainingwherever possible and preferably college-training. The Governmentwants young women of education,J&HSVood;, health ,and- .goodsense. iFor RentModern cottage of J six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garage;next to Twelfth and High streets.DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,Paris, KyCumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)For Sale or Rent.One 16-horse-power Garr-Scott engine, in good condition. Call on oraddress,MRS. JACK WOODS.206 West Eighth St., Paris, Ky.U8tr; Home Phone 397.For Immediate SaleMy three frame cottages locatedon Pleasant street, hp.twppn "BUivD-tmT,.and Twelfth streets. These housescontain four roopis, hall, pantry,front and back porches, gas and electric lights. City water at door.Good cistern with each house.MRS. E. C. KELLER,(26-5t) 1102 Main Street.Women AttendantsWanted.Wanted, women attendants. Tr.perience not necessary, but preferred.Apply at or address, The CincinnatiSanitarium, College Hill Station,Cincinnati, Ohio. (8-4wks) 'IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)FINAL NOTICE!Those who have not comnlied withthe law as to the cleaning of vaults,privies and cess pools are now notified that for the next 10 days theymay secure tne services of Ben Hawkins, who has returned to Paris forthe above specified time and may befound at the residence of (Thr7psBishop, colored, on Seventh street.Cumb. phone 515.This notice is imnortant and thosewho have not obeyed the orders ofthe Health Board will be proceededagainst according to law.A. H. KELLER,City Health OfficerBy order City Board of Health.(19.-4t)Opening Notice!We are now ready to receive patients and customers in our new andcommodious office on the second floorof First National Bank building, formerly occupied by Dr. Slern. Wehave, I believe, the best equipped andmost up-to-date optical office in Central Kentucky, and aim, as heretofore, to do a strictly high grade business, nothing else. Service and quality is the two words that has markedour success- Our work does give satisfaction, as is attested by hundredsof, eye glass wearers. Ask yourfriends, and then come and see us.You incur no obligation by callingon us.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both P,hones, . Paris, Ky.Public SaleOF-Furniture, Carpets, Etc.The Paris Business Men's Club,having been discontinued, they willoffer at public sale onSaturday, Aug. 3, 1918,at 2 p. m., on the premises, corner ofFifth and Main streets, the following: 1 good roll-top office desk andchair;2 leather rockers;1 library table;2 rugs;Several pictures;1 leather couch;2 book" racks;3 electric fans;1 round table;1 handsome Mahogany sideboard;1 old-fashioned safe and dishes;2 dozen chairs;54 lockers in two sections strongand well built, locks on same;3 gas stoves;Shower connection for bath, hood,spray, etc.;Awnings, screens a-nd windowshades.Lots of jDther things too numerousto mention.-"The proceeds from the ksale of theabove mentioned goods will be donated to the local 'Chapter of theRed Cross and the Massie MemorialHospital.GEO.,D0YLE,Secretary Paris Business Men's Club,(td)'m'''s":SirMiiM .'JT'agwr-.j.-.v. 3STUESDAY, JTJLY 30, 1918.IB MtitiBOX MEWS, PAWS, R,TTiU'M'."Wn . -t i1'fe,.ikfmfcXZJurlw"HARD SKIN" AND IFOOT CALLUSES 1Magid Peel them off without !pain or soreness i't 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1Don't suffer! A tiny bottle .of jFreezono coats but a few cento --at any drugstore. Apply a few drops on thetoughened calluses or "hard akin," onbottom of feet, then lift those painfulgpota right off witii fingera. Corns alaol-When you peel off corns or calluseswith Freeaone the sjcin beneath is leftpink and healthy and. never sore, tenderor even irritated. Try Freezone sure!THE FEDERAL EXPLOSIVE LAW.The Federal Explosive Act prohibits the manufacture, sale, purchase and possession of all explosives and their ingredients, in timeof war, without a license. In otherwords, the dealer must keep an itemized record showing the name andaddress of purchaser, his license number, kind and quantity of explosivespurchased, and purpose for which itis to be used. This also compelspractically every drug store in theUnited States to have a license permitting them to have in possessionand sell explosive ingredients, andthe buyer must have a license whenpurchasing these ingredients inquantities of an ounce or more, andthe dealer must keep the same record as the party who sells dynamite.These ingredients are: Bichromates,Chlorates, Chromates, Nitrates, Nitric Acid, Perchlorates, Perborates,Permanganates, Peroxides and Phosphorus, in their various forms.This law will be rigidly enforcedin the future; it having been in effectsince November 15, 1917, and everydealer has had time to familiarizeIrimself with the law and all its details, and no excuse will be acceptedin the future. Violations of this actcarries a penalty of $5,000 fine orimprisonment in a Federal prison, orboth. A careful and systematiccheck is being made, by Federal authorities of every dealer in the Statewho handles explosives or ingredients, regardless of location or size,An inspector or some deputy maydrop in any day, and dealers shouldnot allow themselves to be caughtunprepared.There is a United States Explosives Licensing Officer in everycounty, and such dealers as have notalready procured their license shouldtake immediate steps to do so. Thiscounty is represented in this capacityby Mr. David D. Cline.This is considered one of the mostimportant war measures enacted byour Congress, and dealers can notbe too careful in making sales of explosives or their ingredients.3 S3 T5iThe Government of Columbia hasappropriated a large sum to encourage silk production in that countryMICKIE SAYS- --OUR REPORTER SfcNS1 NOT GrifS VAS OOAJT IS"TrtKT THE FELLER VMHONEVER GINES HKA kNYNENSS ALWANS HOLLERt hi'ABOUT THEN BEIN' NOMEWS Si THE PFPENSSMfcwheat wnfcwm amr'WAiLA noted English" jsjatesman saidrecently that if the people of America had failed to save this year thatEngland and France, would havebeen co-mpelled to withdraw from thefight and as a result the, Allieswould have lost the war. This demonstrates the importance of wheatand teaches us that WHEAT WILLWIN THE WAR.The Government of the UnitedStates realizes that the two mostimportant .factors in winning thewar are men and food and so isdrafting the best manhood of theservice in the trenches and is callingon the farmers to produce the maximup amount of food. There is nobetter way for farmers to answerthis call for food than by sowingthis fall every acre to wheat that ispossible and to sow it with suchcare that it will yield a bountifulharvest.The patriotic farmer will give nothought to the price he will receivefor his wheat, but will think onlyof the starving poor of Europe andour boys in the trenches who arefighting our battles and who mustbe fed.Our boys are drafted into the armyby the Government and the wagesthey shall receive, which may be thewages of death, are fixed by the Government and the boys do not spendany time figuring whether they canafford to fight our battles for thesewages. They know their country hascalled them and they answer the callwithout complaint or reservation.Your country is asking you to raiseas much wheat as possible and youwill not spend any time figuringwhether you can afford to growwheat at the price fixed by the Governnient. You should realize onlythat your country has called you andyou will do your best for WHEATWILL WIN THE WAR.No thought should be given to thepossibility of being unable to harvestthe wheat next year for the Government will permit no wheat to go towaste, but will find some means ofproviding laborers for the harvest.England has sent more than sixmillion men to -fight her battle andin spite will harvest this fall thelargest wheat crop in her history.What England has done Americawill do.Every patriotic American citizensalutes his flag when he rises in themorning and says "I will this day domy best to help win the war."From now until wheat sowingtime, the patriotic American farmerwill salute his flag when he rises inthe morning and will say it firmly,"I will this fall sow all the wheat Ican for WHEAT WILL WIN THEWAR."STATE RACING COMMISSION TOMEET IN AUGUSTWhile no official statement to thateffect has been made, informationhas reached here from Versaillesthat Senator Johnson N. Camden,chairpian of the Kentucky RacingCommission, is preparing to issue acall for a meeting of the Commissionthe first part of August to take up.the question of fall racing on theKentucky tracks. It is expected thatthe meeting will be held in Lexington. There has been a protest in somequarters against the continuance ofracing in Kentucky, some influentialgentlemen identified with the industry holding that racing should bediscontinued until after the war, buta large majority of breeders andturfmen believe that the continuanceof racing, with the rich purses offered, will have a tendency to furtherdevelop and encourage the breedingof the better class of horses and inthis way help win the war, and thatthe revenues derived from the racetracks will help swell the Red Crossfund, to which already ?300,000 hasbeen pledged by the Kentucky tracks.When the arrangements, for theraising of its fund by the racing interests of Kentucky for Red Crosspurposes were made last spring, itwas upon the assumption that therewould be the normal amount of racing in the State.If, as has been suggested in somequarters', fall racing be abandonedin Kentucky, the interesting questionarises as to how the deficiency in thefund will be met.IS 3 ISMRS. BURNS' LETTER.Here is a letter that is certain toprove of interest to people in this vicinity, as cases of this sort occur inoimncf pvotv neighborhood, and peo-'ple should know what to do in likecircumstances :Savannah, Mo., Oct. 12,1916."I used a bottle of Chamberlain's! Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy aboutnine years ago and it cured me offlux (dysentery.) I had another attack of the same coniplaint somethree or four years ago and a fewdoses of this remedy cured me. Ihave recommended Chamberlain sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy to dozens of people since I first used it.(adv-july)SOCIAL AND P1MGN AL.TWComingsamd GobuB of OurJPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Oscar T. Hinton has returned from a business trip to KansasCity, Mo.Mr. Frank P. Clay, formerly aresident of this county, is ill at theJewish Hospital, in Louisville.Miss Elizabeth Boyd, of Olympia, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Andrew Hazlerigg, near this city.Miss Elizabeth Tarr has returned from a visit to Misses Lena MayJones and Ruth Pinnell, in Winchester. Misses Marian and ElizabethClay , Alexander, of Cincinnati, areguests of relatives in this city andcounty.Miss Lucille Chipley has asguest at her home on South Mainstreet Miss Elizabeth Caywood, ofFrankfort.Miss Blanche Lilleston has returned to her home in,, this city aftera visit to relatives and friends inOhio and Illinois.Dr. P. H. Uppington, of the Ardery Drug Co., and Circuit ClerkW. H. Webb are at Olympia Springsfor a vacation stay.Mrs. Eli Evans and daughtershave returned to their home in Mountain Grove, Mo., after a visit to relatives in this county.Mr. W. A. Thomason and familyhave returned to their home -nearNorth Middletown, after an extendedvisit at Crab Orchard Springs.Mrs. Spencer Johnson and twodaughters, Misses Gladys and CarrieJohnson, have returned from a visitto friends and relatives in Dayton, 0.Mr. F. L. Metzger has returnedfrom Charleston, W. Va., where he'has been engaged for several monthswith a big construction company on aGovernment contract.Mrs. John Barnett, Mrs. Geo.Insko and Miss Delia Parker, of thiscity are visiting their mother, Mrs.Lucy Parker, at Crab OrchardSprings.Miss Lillian Mitchell, of thiscity, will be a member of a houseparty to be entertained soon at thehome of her aunt, Mrs. J. F. Brown,in North Carloina.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haynes anddaughters, Miss Eleanor Haynes, ofFern Bank, Ohio, and Mrs. J. J. Molloy, of Chicago, are guests of theMisses Lilleston, at their home onHiggins avenue.Mr. James Kern has returned tohis home in Cincinnati, after a visitto relatives in this city and county.Mr. Kern formerly resided in this.county, where he was an active figure in the livestock market.Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neil andfamily will leave this week for Philadelphia, Pa., where they will residein the future. The home at the corner of High and Ninth street, whichthey will vacate will be occupied byMrs. Clifton Arnsparger.Mrs. J. W. Waterfill and daughter, Miss Mary Louise Waterfill, ofLawrenceburg, Ky., have been guestsof the former's brother, Mr. John M.Clay, and other relatives, near thiscity. Mrs. Waterfill was formerlyMiss Sudie Clay.Mr. Carl Howell, formerly ofParis, is reported as being seriouslyill of ureamic poisoning at the homeof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnHowell, at Heidleberg, Ky. Duringtheir residence in Paris, Mr. Howellconducted the livery stable nowoperated by T. G. Morris, and Mrs.Howell was manager of the Parisoffice of the Western Union TelegraphCompany.Misses Annabelle Race, of Butler, and Nellie Case, of Covington,guest of Miss Frances Campbell, wereguests of honor at a delightful entertainment given by their young hostess, at the home of her parents, Dr.and Mrs. F. P. Campbell, on Highstreet, recently. About thirty-fiveguests spent an enjoyable evening,with dancing 'and games. Refreshments of ices and cakes were served.Miss Favola Dundon was hostessat her home on Houston avenue lastweek to a party composed of the following: Misses Damie Cahal, RubyElder, Virginia Dundon, Irene Bramblette, Ada Wilcox, Dorcas andThelma Williams; Lawrence Soper,tHarold Shively, Yancey Chappel,Dori Wagner, John Dundon, GeorgeDundon and J. Miller Dundon.Dancing and games formed pleasurable features of the evening's enjoyment, followed by refreshments.Miss Nancy Griffith entertainedwith a knitting party at her homeon Pleasant street Friday morning inhonor of Miss Hattie Hill O'Neill,who will leave this week for Philadelphia, Pa., to make her futurehome. Those who enjoyed the hostesses' hospitality for the morninghours were Misses Hattie Hill O'Neill,Patsy Clark, Elizabeth Embry, Elizabeth Jasper, Mrs. Virginia Griffith,Mrs. O. T. Hinton, Mrs. WoodfordDaniel and Mrs. Katherine DavisCraig.The bathing beach at Boonesboro continues to attract a largenumber of Paris people to its inviting cool waters. Several partieswent to the beach from the countyand city last week, and oh Sunday alarge party went over in the afternoon. One party from this city lastweek were driven to seek shelterfrom a heavy wind and rain storm,accompanied by a brilliant electricaldisplay, which broke over the beachjust as they were preparing to returnhome. '(Other Personals on Page 5.)COUPERENCE AOTUfSUTTCEATJACKSON.-Under the auspices of thePresbytery of West Lexington; ofthe Southern Presbyterian Church, aSunday School Institute and Christian Workers' Conference for thePresbyterian Sunday School workersand mountain mission workers of theState of Kentucky will be- Jield. atJackson, Ky., August 21 to 25. Thesessions of the conference wilLpe.Jieldin the auditorium of the Lees ,Collegiate Institute, and plans are beingmade for an attendance of more than300 of ie .Presbyterian religiousworkers of the State. At a similarconference held at the same placelast year the enrolled delegates numbered about 260.Among the speakers who have beensecured for the conference are theRev. Dr. Henry H. Sweets,. of Louisville, secretary of the General Assembly's Committiee on ChristianEducation and Ministerial Relief;the Rev. Dr. William A. Ganfield,President of Centre College, Danville, Ky., the Rev. Dr. George A.Joplin, Secretary of the KentuckyState Sunday School Association;thejRevvDr. Homer McMillan, of Atlanta, Ga., one of the secretaries ofthe -Home Mission Committee of theSouthern Presbyterian Church; theRevi Dr. J. W. Tyler, superintendentof the mountain missions for theSouthern Presbyterian Church; theRev. French W. Thompson, Presbyterian Camp Pastor at Camp Zachary Taylor; :the Rev. William T. McElroy, pastor of the Harvey BrowneMemorial Church, Louisville, andothers.This is the second year that thisconference has been held, and thosewho have it in charge are hopefulthat it may become a permanentfeature of Kentucky Presbyterianism,becoming to the State what Montreatis to the whole Southern Presbyterian Church.For further information write tothe Rev. Joseph Hopper, Jackson, Ky.,or to Mr. Thomas $. Talbott, Lexington, Ky., P. O. Box 24.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucus County, ss..Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.t . (adv-july)pa is isNEWSPAPER MAN ADMITSOF GERMAN FUNDS.USEAccording to the Federal authorities investigating the German ownership of the New York Mail, it wasstated that George Sylvester Viereck,editor of Viereck's Weekly, and formerly editor of the suppressed Vaterland, had admitted that he had beenpaid $100,000 by Count von Bernstorff and former Austrian Ambassador Dumba. The money, it is alleged,was spent in disseminating propaganda. A list of books and pamphlets that ' were distributed weregiven, according to the authorities.JS IS EaLAME SHOULDERThis ailment is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles. All thatis needed is absolute rest and a fewapplications of Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it.(adv-july)HATSGet YoursNowiTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.$11hghthihg; jboes great damage pi WOODFORD."VERSAILLES, KY., July 29.Lightning struck the cottage of Mrs.J. W. McKinley on Lexington Street,occupied by William C. White andfamily Wednesday night during theelectrical storm. A large hole was.torn in the chimney , and, brick andmortar scattered oyer the .room. Thefamily were in an adjoining room.INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE BAILWatch for the expiration of your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt farmers & Traders Bankhii im i h 1 1 ti 1 1 14 1 nmThe J. T. Hinton CoUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes ontyBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBh 'bbHbbbbbbbbbbbbH.aBBHH;tttMIMIMlHttHllifMlIHfHMlMMHIIlSee Us ForFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better orf the market.Have stood the test of years:G. S. BALL GARAGiCor. Fourth and! Pleasant St..and were stunned but none ofhurt.The barn of Charles Owen,-Pinckard. containing: 1.600 Duiwheat, hay and oats, was strucklightnme and burned to theMmMTThe loss has not been estimated bwfc:is partially covered by insurance- A..barn belonging to J. S. Williams anLRoy Williams was struck by lightning ana completely destroy, miw&no insurance.mi 1 1 1 m 1 1 m mi mum;Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56.or Home 286.All Kinds ofwJ?frfc.llWNTO11toAAmtei.JSBMn'.i,; ,fes4HcBVi 'TFCLOSE OUTAnd All RefrigeratorsWE ARE OFFERING BIG REDUCTIONS!Crex and DeltoxGrass Rugs.$2.75 Rugs now $2.20$3.75 Rugs now $3.005.00 Rugs now $4.00$7.50 Rugs now $5.00$10.00 Rugs now $8,00$12.50 Rugs now...$10.00$15.00 Rugs now. . . .$ 1 2.00$20.00 Rugs now. . . . 1 6.00We have just received a newlot of these rugs.Extra Special!A $3.75 Oak MissionPorch Rocker, now$2.25Be sure to get one of these.JUST A FEWFour-PassengerYard SwingsAT$6.85Make Your Porch Liveable by Using a VudorPorch Shade..r-r-mt ITU111 1 ll"r """"i I I T T'Tj " I J VII ca prxxo HBh JLAJjl I wV wThe McDougall Kitchen CabinetsMake the kitchen as convenient for the housewife as the modern office fixtures makethe office for the present business man. And this is no more than the housewife isentitled to. A McDOUGALL REDUCES WORK BY HALF.We Have Just Received a Carload of McDougallCabinets and We Want You to Have One.We are just starting another McDOUGALL CLUB. Join it. $1.00 puts a McDougall to work in your home. There is no reason why -you should buy other than the best.The McDOUGALL is just that, and it costs you no more perhaps less. May we have thepleasure of showing you the most complete line of Kitchen Cabinets in Central Kentucky.A McDOUGALL MAKES WAR ON WASTE !Hammocks$1.75 Hammocks now. .$ 1 .40$2.25 Hammocks now.. $1 .SO$2.50 Hammocks now.. $2.00$2.75 Hammocks now. .$2.0$3.50 Hammocks now. $2.80$5.00 Hammocks now. $4.00Porch Swings$4.75 Porch Swingsnow $3.80$5.00 Porch Swingsnow $4,00$7.50 Porch Swingsnow $6.00$10.00 Porch Swingsnow $8.00$12.50 Porch Swingsnow $10.00$15.00 Porch Swingsnow $12.00$25.00 Porch Swingsnow $20.00White Maple PorchChairs, with Cane Seats$4.75 Maple Chairsnow $3. SO$5.00 Porch Chairsnow $4.00$6.00 Porch Chairsnow :..$4.SO$7.50 Porch Chairsnow $6.00Kaltex Fibre Chairs andRockers are in this sale.These are the very bestgoods made for the porchand we are exclusive agentsfor them.R t:DfLT PHONOGRAPHS and recordsBuy one from us and pay for it as you enjoy it in your home. Hear the Emerson Double Disc Record 3 for $1.00.Don't pay more for Phonographs when you can buy just as good for less.LOOK AT THESE CLOSE-OUT PRICES ONAUTOMATIC REFRIGERATORSfflillltl HOin 1 1 i i iw II nv IP!Hip :iIlk 1111 ! 'IITHE ONLY REFRIGERATOR WITH THE WATER BOTTLE COOLER I1 Large Automatic Refrigerator with water bottlecooler, was $85.00, reduced to....;1 Large Automatic Refrigerator without water bottlecooler, was $70.00, reduced to1 Large Automatic Refrigerator with water bottlecooler, was $77.50, reduced to1 Large Automatic Refrigerator without water bottlecooler, was $75.00, reduced to$68.00$56.00$62.00$60.001 Medium Automatic Refrigerator with water bottlecooler, was $65.00, reduced to1 Medium Knickerbocker Refrigeratorwas $35 .00; reduced to1 Medium Illinois Refrigeratorwas $38.50, reduced to2 SmaH Illinois Refrigeratorswere $17.50, reduced to$52.00$28.00$30.80$14.00Just Think of This! 9x12 ft. Matting Rugs $5.98All the Above Articles are For Cash OnlyTHE J. T. HINT0N COCor. Sixth and MainFUNERAL DIRECTORSBoth Telephones No. 36AMBULANCE SERVICE'- ??t "TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1918.W Tr-mr e wvm "- w"toe bourbonSEWS, ?AMSfKT.VPAGE ilTXt ""?OtwrrwMrfFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law, all taxpayers are required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give in their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing so. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(2july-tf)TRAVELING LUGGAGEOf the better kind, to suit-everyneed for comfort in travel.J. W. DAVIS & CO.sisalsICE CREAM SUPPER.The ladies of the Old Union, churchwill give an ice cream supper at the ichurch on next Friday evening,August 2. The hours will he from8:30 to 12:00. The supper will bean enjoyable event, as are all theaffairs given by the ladies of thischurch. Go and take some one withyou. You will have an enjoyableevening.IS "R laB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsTWO COTTAGES BURNEDTwo frame cottages in Claysville,the colored suburb of Paris, ownedby Mr. E. H. Gorey were destroyedby fire Friday morning. The fireoriginated from a defective flue. Thefire department responded to analarm from Box 32, and confined theflames to the two bulidings burned.Mr. Gorey carried insurance on theburned property.s Pa taFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND THE ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, July 30 WilliamFarnum, in "The Heart of a Lion,"a thrilling story of love and life ina lumber camp; Vitagraph's latestand best serial, "A Fight For a Million," featuring William Duncan,Edith Johnson and Joe Ryan; eighteenth episode of "The House ofHate."To-morrow, Wednesday, July 31Enid Bennett, in "The Biggest ShowOn Earth;" Roscoe "Fatty" ArhnofclP in "Moonshine:" Luke com-Y edy and Pathe News.Thursday, August 1 Alice Brady,in "The Ordeal of Rosetta;" Muttand Jeff coniedy, "The 75-Mile Gun;"Pathe News feature.HAIL INSURANCE.insure your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)E3 ts feHOLD JAP HOBO WHO MAY BEHUNTED MAN.The first Japanese "hoho" everseen in this city was placed under arrest here at midnight Saturday hyChief of Police Link, shortly afterthe "bo" had alighted from an L. &N. freight train.The man refused to give his name,clthough he could talk broken English. He gave his age as thirty years,and heing without a draft registration card, he was held here by thepolice pending an investigation. Inmany ways he answered the description sent out by the New Yorkpolice recently of a Japanese wantedf in that city for the jmurder of a fellow-countryman. The mans pnoto"ft as taken and finger prints madeEnd forwarded to the police authorises in New York City.la a TSTO PROTEST AGAINST INCREASED TOBACCO TAX.Representatives of the tobacooWarehouses and allied tobacco interests in this city and county will goto Frankfort to-day to meet withother representatives of the industryfrom all over Central Kentucky.The (meeting will be held for thePurpose of discussing the lowering ofthe eighty-five per cent, tax leviedagainst tobacco stored in the barnsand warehouses of the State. Theconference will be held in the officerf Attorney-General M. M. Logan,chairman of the State Tax Commission at two o'clock this afternoon. Its contended that if this tax is notlowered Kentucky will notienefit bycollecting future taxes on tobaccostorage plants.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. H. ComerlR at DnwcrmSprings for a stay of several days.Miss Vallette McClintock has returned from Lake Chautauqua, NewYork.Mrs. Jacob Schuster and son,Lloyd, of Covington, are guests ofMr. J. W. Wind and family in NorthMiddletown.Miss Lillian Collins, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JWill Thomas.m Fred Fister and Chas. Wilmothhave returned from a business tripto Munday, Texas.Mrs. Lydia Blackerby has returned to her home in Germantown,Mason county, after a visit to relatives in Paris.Miss Elise Varden returned yesterday morning from a two-weeks'visit to her cousin, Miss Phoebe Foreman, near Maysville.Miss dSstelle Faulkner has returned to her -home in Tucson, Arizona, after a visit to relatives inParis and Bourbon county.Mrs. Minerva Goodwin and little son, William, have returned toLexington from a visit to Miss Carolyn Roseberry, near Paris.Mrs. T. T. Templin and daughter, Miss Mabel Templin, have returned from a weeks stay at Carlsbad Springs, in Grant county.Mrs. Mary E. Howse has returned to her hopie in Carlisle aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. RudolphDavis, on East Seventh street.Mrs. W. T. Muir has as guest ather home on the Bryan Station pike,near Lexington, Mrs. Bettie Brownand Miss Lizzie Rymell, both of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamshave returned from a visit to the latter's sisters, Mrs. Vernon Leer andMrs. James J. Neal, in Madisoncounty.Mr. Thomas Butler and mother,Mrs. Kate Kinder, who have been inSt. Petersburg, Florida, since lastfall, returned to Paris, Sundaymorning.Mrs. F. S. Elder was removedSaturday from the Massie MemorialHospital, where she has been a patient several weeks, to her home inthis city.Miss Lula Champe Lytle leftyesterday for Cincinnati, to visitMrs. Murray Horton, and Mr. Horton,and other relatives in Cincinnati andDayton, Ky.Mr. Robert Lee Frank returnedSaturday night from a visit to Mrs.Frank and Miss Hallie Frank, whoare spending the summer at SaranacLake, New York.Miss Mattie McClure, of Shawhan, and Mrs. N. J. Welsh, of Carrolton, were week-end guests of MissFannie McClure 'and Mrs. JackSpratt, on Broadway.Mrs. Sue South and daughterhave returned to their home nearFrankfort, after a visit to her brother, Mr. Wallace Carter, and Mrs. Carter, of South Main street.Miss Maude Wilson, who hasbeen under medical treatment at theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, is convalescent, and has beenbrought to the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, in EastParis.Mr. Robert Turner, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for threeweeks, has recovered sufficiently tobe removed to his home near Paris.Mr. Turner underwent an operationfor appendicitis.Mrs. D. B. Joseph, of Cincinnati.is a guest of her mother, Mrs. LouisSaloshin, on Pleasant street. Mrs.Joseph will accompany her husband,who is traveling for the WinebrennerShoe Co., of Milwaukee, Wis., on atrip over his territory, returninglater to her home in Cincinnati.Mrs. James Thompson, Jr., -ofnear Paris, was one of the guests Friday afternoon at an informal cardparty given by Miss ElizabethRhodes, in Lexington, in honor ofMiss Renand, of New Orleans, guestof Mrs. William Rhodes. At theconclusion of the games refreshmentswere served.Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Anderson, of Lexington, will leave thisweek for a trip to the Northwest toremain the rest of the season. Whenthey return in the fall they will goto housekeeping in Miss Brown's residence in Ashland avenue, Lexington.Mrs. Anderson was formerly MissHazel Cottingham, of Paris.Mr. Harry Simon, of the Simondepartment store, was called to NewYork, Sunday night by a telegramstating that Mrs. Simon was very ill,and threatened with appendicitis.Mr. and Mrs. Simon had been in NewYork on a business mission. Mr.Si)mon had but recently returnedfrom the metropolis.Mr. and Mrs. James Day, Jr., entertained at their home on Brentstreet,, Friday evening, in honor ofMiss Amanda Stewart, of Louisville.Those who enjoyed the hospitality ofthe host and hostess for the eveningwere, besides the guest of honor, MissStewart, Miss Pearl Moore, MissMaude Blevins, of Pittsburg, Ky.,and Mr. Doyle Day.Little Miss Kitty Withers Berry,daughter, of Mr. Bailey D. Berry, celebrated her birthday on Saturday afternoon, with a charming party ather home o-n Ashland avenue, in Lexington. Ajmong the guests in attendance were John Craig, son of Mrs.,Katherine Davis Craig, and JohnLockhart Davis, son of Mr. and Mrs.John F. Davis, of Paris.B-. R. Dickerson left ' yesterdayfor Maysville, where he has accepteda position, as engineer with a government construction company.Mrs. O. H. Buck, who has beenvery ill for sometipie, is recuperatingat the home of Mrs. Thompson Tarr,on the Georgetown pike, near Paris.Roy Burley, aged Tourteen, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Burley. is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where he underwent an oneration for nnnp-nrlimficYoung Burley was reported yesterdayas doing well.Ben Downey, former Parisian,and all-round good fellow, was inParis yesterday, working trade forthe National Biscuit Co., which herepresents in this territory. Bensays he is the happiest man "on theroad" on account of having Mrs.Downey back home again. She hasbeen ill in a Lexington hospital forseveral weeks, and her hopne comingwas made a real joyful event by herhusband and friends of both.(Other Personals on Page 3.)Ra laFOR THE BOYS LEAVING.For training camps, we have manykhaki outfits, including comfortkits, house-wives, etc., 75c to $3.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.lsa 1JUST ARRIVED.A carload of Rapier's Pig Meal,the best feed ever fed young hogs.(26-2t) W. C. DODSON.- 1SS 3 yjrGONE EAST EOR AUTOS.A party of Paris people headed byMr. Chas. A. Webber, of the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., left Sundaymorning for Syracuse, N. Y., wherethey will spend a day or so inspecting automobiles. On their returnthey will drive overland from Syracuse to Paris in seven new machines,which have been purchased by Parisand Bourbon county people.The party was composed of C. A.Webber, Emmett Edwards, Robt.Lyne, Wm. P. McClintock, MissVallette McClintock, Miss Mary Kenney Webber, and Misses Katherineand Anna Wilson.NEW FLORIST AGENT.Order your cut flowers from us.We can furnish on short notice thebest to be had. Funeral designs,corsage bouquets, wedding and party decorations, etc. We are agentsfor Hanoker, the florist the best inthe State.(2july-tf) BRUCE HOLLAD AY.LOSTTarpaulin, somewhere between anyfarm on the Bethlehem pike andParis, Saturday, July 27. Suitable reward for return.(30-lt) N. FORD BRENT.and send some pictures tothe big brother "OverThere ' He has a plentyof the things to worry himand needs cheerful newsand scenes from heme.Get a Kodak"If It isn't an EastmanIt isn't a Kodak"We have a full line of Kodaks and supplies Thereare none "just as good."Films Developed FreeDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainBMBSCLOSING 001 SUENOW GOING ONIGinghams30c quality, per yard 24c35c quality, per yard 29c40c quality, per yard 32c50c quality, per yard 38c59c quality, per yard 48cWash Rags3ceachHope Cotton24cper yardWhite Goods20c quality at I6jC25c quality at Z.TC'd5c quality at 28c45c quality at 37 1-2c59c quality at 48cr.75c quality at 59c$1.00 quality at 79c1 Lot of Ladies'LinenHandkerchiefs13 for 10cBELDING SILK THREAD100 yards to spool9c eachor 3 for 25c1 Lot of Ladies'Handkerchiefs21ceach,SILK HOSESOc values at39cONE LOT OFLadies' 25c Vestsat.;15cPERCALEper yardBRASSIERESSOc values at 39c$1.00 values at 79cAll goods sold for cash. Nothing on approval, to bereturned or exchanged.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.wsrflYfwi,'iIll'iiKMsjI3i13I33?-41i111-1g1iIIIi1iSSOn Summer Suits, Straw Hats andPanamas, Palm Beaches, Mohairs,Crashes and Tropical WorstedsMen's and Young Men's Summer Suits$1 4.95 1 Sfo0mlr.!!!ts....$9.951$18.00 SummerSuits cut to-$15.00 SummerSuits cut to$11.95cut to$10.00 Summer Suitscut to- $8.50 Summer Suitscut toS7.95$6.95Panamas and Leghorns$3.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to.$4.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to$2.25$3-25$5.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to$6.00 Panamas andLeghorns cut to$3.95$4.95Straw Hats at Half Price$2.00 Straw Hats Cfc4 ff I $4.00 Straw Hats 4DW I .W cut to.. 9aUUcut to$3.00 Straw Hatscut to$1.50KW N19 en ia r1 DI .' rv1 7th and Maincut to$5.00 Straw Hatscut to$3.00No ApprovalsP. WALSHOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.W:teYti-kIV.1THE BOUBBON NBVBt, PARIS, KY. 'tWTUESDAY, JULY 30, If If.P1GESXjr-.j,..,, PfTHE JOY OF-HYING.To enjoy life we must have goodhealth. No one can reasonably hopeto get much real pleasure out of lifewhen his bowels are clogged a goodshare of the time and the poiso-ns thatthat should be expelled are absorbedinto the system, producing headacheand indigestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets will move thebowels, strengthen the digestion andgive you a chance to realise the realjoy of living. Try it.(adv-july)BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376&MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablefishand Meatsare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt...MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breeze is more important to you than cheap fans; because the fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.Wtttitigbowt Tanshave proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(ImoororU4)Jaws of Pincers Steadily Closing 0fiArmy of the Crown Prince.The German line Totters On Marne Salient.WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN FRANCE, July 26. The entireGerman position within the Marne salient is such mat it may fall at anyinstant as the result of some sharp forward moves by the allies affecting a vital part.It is for this reason that the German commanders have orderedtheir men to hold at all costs while a defensive position is prepared upon which the Germans can fall back.Day after day the allies, now the French, now the Americans, andnow the British, are encroaching upon the triangular salient, at someplaces making deep dents in the enemy positions and at others progres-.sing more slowly. vLjuLjja3ilfiasSfeAllies Pushing The Germans Back.PARIS, FRANCE, July 26. Villemon-Toire, a little more than fivemiles south of Soissons, has been taken by the French and Americans,while further south they have captured Oulchy-le-Chateau and swepton to the eastward of the town.Between the Ourcq and the Marne the Americans are pressinghard against the enemy's lines and have taken the southern half of LaFere forest, which brings them up to about four miles directly south ofthe vital town of Fere-en-Tardenois, the center of the roads leadingback out of the Marne salient and through which the German forcealong the southwestern sectors of the line must retreat.Ris forest, further southeast, toward the Marne, is also beingemptied of the Germans.The capture of Villemon-Toire and Oulchy-le-Chateau seems toshow that General Mangin while keeping up his pressure all alongthe German lines is able to concentrate large forces at vital points, theloss of which is menacing to the Germans.Villemon-Toire is on the Soissons-Chateau Thierry road. It issouthwest of the town of Buzancy, which has been reported unofficially to have been taken by the Allies. Its capture marks a new step inthe progress of closing the mouth of the bag in which the Germansare struggling.The fall of Oulchy-le-Chateau takes from the Germans the pivotupon which their retirement further south has been swinging. Its lossto the enemy, who defended it sternly, is a serious blow.Trie French official statement says that the Allies have advancedeastward of this town, which should bring them to the vicinity of Hill150, which is the dominating height in that region and which wouldgive the Allies an observation point over long reaches of the Ourcq, aswell as both banks of that stream.There is nothing known as to the British progress on the line fromGueux and Mery-Premecy, west of Rheims. The reported rapid advance of the British there, however, would seem to suggest that therewas plenty of power behind their thrust and that their progress shouldcontinue.On the whole the German retirement from the Marne salient appears to be continuing. This retirement is quite evident on the westernside of the salient, but to the southwest of Rheims, toward the Marnenothing has been reported as to an enemy withdrawal.German attacks near Meteren, in the Lys salient, and nearHebuterne, north of Albert, in both of which localities the British haverecently advanced their lines, now are reported from London. Bothenemy onslaughts were repulsed.Half Million Huns Caught In Pocket.PARIS, July 26. The German Crown Prince's army of at leasthalf a million men appears to be hopelessly bottled up.uermany is threatened with a military disaster that has onlyparallel in history Sedan.Precisely as the great Moltke had the bulk of France's army encircled in that historic battle that ended the Franco-Prussian war, soFoch is contracting his vise of steel around the largest number of crackdivisions the German Staff has ever concentrated in so limited an area.The next six or twelve hours may bring the decision.There is but one avenue to the Crown Prince out of the "funnelof fate." That is its "mouth," scarcely twenty miles wide, betweenSoissons and Mery-Premecy, seven miles southwest of Rheims. If Fochcan cut across this line, effecting a junction between his Soissons andRheims armies, the German debacle will be complete.Every Communication Line Being Bombarded.WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN FRANCE, July 26. Every lineof communication within the German salient is under bombardmentnight and day, either from the allied artillery or airplanes.It is only with the greatest difficulty and with heavy sacrifices thatthe enemy is able to hold on within this area. All the while his men aresuffering terrible privations, owing to the uncertainty of obtaining sup-In consequence of the Allies commanding virtually every road andevery path the fatigued German units cannot be relieved even whenthey are sorely tried.CAMPAIGN FOR NUHSES BEGINSNEXT MONDAY.A campaign to enroll 25,000 women in the United States StudentNurse Reserve will be launched July29 by the American Red Cross- withthe co-operation of the Woman'sCommittee, Council of National Defense. The nation's reserve has beenso depleted by the calling of thousands of trained nurses for service inmilitary a-nd naval hospitals that itis an absolute necessity to enrollthousands of young women who willcarry on the work.The call is for women between theages of 19 and 35. The enrollmentcard will indicate two classes of registrants, "perferred" and "deferred."The "preferred" class will indicatethose who are ready to accept assignment to whatever hospital thoGovernment directs them, althoughthey may state what training schoolthey prefer to be sent. Those of thisclass will be assigned first and willbe given all possible consideration.Those who enroll in the "deferred"class will be granted the privilege of- v. flimiting their pledge of service, thatis they will have their choice of certain hospitals. This class is organized principally for those who, forfamily reasons, cannot accept training at a distance from home. Suchmembers will only be assigned topositions after the preferred class hasbeen exhausted.The training will vary from two tothree years, according to the requirements of the particular school towhich the student nurse may be sent.Kentucky's quota calls for 736 women and the campaign will be closedAugust 11. Information can be obtained from the offices of the Woman's Committee of the Council ofNational Defense, 204 Speed Building, Louisville, Ky.ftl 151 JB1 .CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS. ,These tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles, hflfnna-ness and constipation. If you haveany trouble of this sort, give them a'trial and realize for yourself what afirst class medicine will do forryouThey only cost a quarter.(adv-july)" ... i "-V-I fl M 1 K,GIRLCUJ&ORF TRESSESSO AS TO BUY W; S. S.Dayton, O. Juanita Dowell,eleven, cut off her beautifulchestnut curls to help win thewar. She then notified an officer of the National Securityleague that she wished the hairto be sold in Portland, Ore., andthat the money be used in buying War Savings stamps. Gertrude Atherton, the author,made the first bid oncthe tressesat $5. The child's explanatoryletter is to be sold along withthe hair to the highest bidder.VWW&W&PWWWWWQQWWqIS AS FATAL AS WARTuberculosis Kills as Many asFall From Bullets.Dr. Livingstone Farrand Appeals toPeople to Enter Battle AgainstDisease.New 'York. Mortality from tuberculosis among the civilian populationand In the armies of all the countriesengaged in the war has at least approximated the total number of soldiers killed in battle, according to Dr.Livingstone Farrand, director of theAmerican commission for the prevention of tuberculosis in France.That the people of . America throwthemselves into the winning of thewar against tuberculosis with the samezeal with which they have hurledthemselves against the Hun is the burden of an appeal made by Doctor Farrand on the eve of his return toFrance."To make our country really safewe must first make it healthy," is theslogan Doctor Farrand suggests forthis war against disease.Of the men called to the colors bythe first draft 50,000 were found to betubercular. This is one of the strikingindications of the prevalence of thedisease."While the war has thus effectuallydisclosed conditions which existed before, rather than produced these conditions, it is also true that in Indirectways it has substantially Increased thetuberculosis problem In the Europeancountries Involved," says Doctor Farrand. "I refer not to the situation in thearmies, where the mode of life oftentends to reduce this disease, but to conditions which affect the civilian population." Increased food, clothing and housingcosts necessitating, among the lowerwage groups, diminished quantity andquality and their resultant undernutrition, are given as contributing causes.A nation-wide campaign against thedisease and for adequate provision forrejected and discharged soldiers suffering from it is planned through 1,500local societies of the National Tuberculosis association.DOUBLE OF CZAR'S DAUGHTERK ' . 's .j.A '''' ' " ''""' i'- iMMrs. Ariadne Roomanov, wife ofKerensky's secretary, experienced anunusual surprise when she arrived inTokyo. She is the double of Tatiana,daughter of the former czar, who wasreported on her way to America. Mrs.Roomanov was offered; an entire wingof the imperial palace at Tokyo forher accommodation while in the Japanese capital, it being the belief thatshe really was the daughter of theczar.WOULD FIGHT HIS FATHERMan Whose Sire Is Captain in HunArmy Seeks Enlistment WithYanks.Denver, Colo. In making application for the privilege of fighting withthe American army In France, EugeneCasper, twenty-two, told Denver recruiting officers he would not hesitateto fire against a certain unit of theGerman army, of which his father iscaptain and in which two of his brothers are fighting. Casper, who has beenIn the United States less than threeyears, has received only his first papers in naturalization. He will not beadmitted to military service at once.He is a son of Capt. Gustav Casper,of the German army. David Holzworth, a resident of Denver, formercaptain in the kaiser's army, and anuncle of young Casper, has a son inthe American army. lmm . hiiTQ hip trccqcc XBSSSF . y ' C.VW' .Mmm -jjnii i im rj r . . ,, i, v5JtAvm r nw;fr-3BV. uoCanning Time. JruitS'pirc5cnted-in this kettleretain their -natural tlatfprNot effected "by fruit acidsNo enamel toopacioixs -xisettutor other purposes.Special, this week 'onh4H"LifetitturAluminum.$1.12T. W. SPICERMAIN ST.,oppositeCourt HouseGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris,KTjietrendleton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPJP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40WHAT WE FIGHT FOE.The high aims of America and herallies are well expressed in PresidentWilson's greetings to France on Bastile Day:"As France celebrated our Fourthof July, so do we celebrate her Fourteenth, keenly conscious of a comradeship of arms and of purpose ofwhich we are deeply proud. The seaseems very narrow to-day, France isso close neighbor to our hearts. Thewar is being fought to save ourselvesfrom intolerable things, but it is alsobeing fought to save mankind. Weentend our hands to each other, tothe great peoples with whom we areassociated; and to the peoples everywhere who love right and prize justice as a thing beyond price, and consecrate oursevles once more to thersatgagr-'xragMut;?$&?W&-L'fJS'nEctup offIIIaHATS!XImay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings U3.Home Phone 1692noble enterprise of peace and justice,realizing the great conception thathave lifted France and America highamong the free peoples of the world.j The French flag flies to-day from thestaff of the White House, and America is happy to do honor to that flag."Rich in Misfortunes.At the end of life a man finds himself rich, not so much by his fortuneas by his misfortunes. The Persianshad a vase of glass, which when emptywas colorless, but when filled withwine flashed forth many rare pictures.So a bosom empty of a heart of painmakes a lusterless life, but a bosom Inwhich a heart bleeds reveals hiddiDvirtues. Tilton.-"-imi TrtWgmjAny man can -take himself seriously, but success is getting othersto take him that way.iMMAnJliTUESDAY, JULY 30, i9i.TO AILING WOMEN.A little Sound Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer in ParisNo woman should consider herselfhealthy and well if the kidneys areweak. Poisons that pass off in thesecretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneysand bladder become inflamed andswollen worse troubles may quicklyfollow. This is often the cause ofbearing-down pains, lameness, backache, etc. Uric poisoning is also frequent cause of headaches, dizzyspells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 EighthStreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills, getting them from theArdery Drug Co., and from the benefit I received, I certainly think theyare a good, reliable rejmedy. Whenever my kidneys have acted irregularly or my back has been weak andlame, I have used a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TEE STORY OF A HEEY KENTUCKY LAD.The fiery story of a plucky boyfrom Louisville, Kentucky, who overrode all barriers, ran away to warwhen he was fourteen and experienced all its horrors and wonders.The reactions and impressions of thisT)oy are unique and thrilling. Hesays:"Of course, I was only fourteenwhen I enlisted as a stretcher bearerin the British Royal Arjmy MedicalCorps, in October, 1915. Maybe akid like me wouldn't get as niuchout of being in the war as an olderfellow would but maybe he'd getmore, just because he had more toget! As near as I could. figure it out,everybody over there was gettingsome things they never could havefound anywhere else. I know I did."I guess the biggest thing I gotwas well, I don't just know whatto call it. It isn't exactly any onething. It's a mixture of being sorryfor somebody else and not being-sorry for yourself.' 'The Red CrossMagazine, for August.'GOVERNMENT CALLS FOR CAREIN" SHTPPHNT'STOCK.The railroads have issued an appeal to the farmers to be more care-fulj about shipments oflive stock.Most of the present lossesin livestock are due to the overloading andcarelessness in shipping, one railroadrepresentative said.In the past railroads have always-paid the losses due to this ratherthan stand a law suit, but now the-government has decided that alllosses due to the carelessness of theshipper shall not be paid and the losswill have to be stood by the shipper,according to announcement.Too frequently stock is killed intransit that should not be lost. Atthe present everyone is trying tosave every way possible as to food,and a great effort is being made thata large portion of the meats of thecountry shall not be lost in shipment. Special precautions must be takenin the shipment of hogs as more oftlfem are lost than any other stock.They sliould not be beaten or badlytreated as when killed for meat, themeat is often condemned and thrownaway.WA RMap Free!SUNSET MAGAZINEincreases it rates to 20c percopy on news stands and$2.00 per yearly subscription, beginning withSeptember Issue, 1918.A LAST CHANCEto subscribe to SUNSETMagazine at the old priceof $1.50 per year and receive aLarge Liberty War Map ofthe Western Battle FrontF1EE!This remarkable offer isopen. to all whose mbscriptions will be received atthis office up to August 15,1918. Subscribe before thisdate and save the price ofTWO TMIFT STAMPS"Kill two birds with tiestone" Help the Government and yourself.SUNSET MAGAZINESAN FRANCISCO CALIFORNIA.(24jul7-4t, ,,ttfiSBtfiiiiiifaiiiaiataiirtiaiMAKES FORTUNE 'BY SMUGGLINGSwedish "Rubber Baron" TellsHow He Profited by Trading on Fnmiier.WAS CLERK BEFORE THE WARMade His First Money Dealing InRussian Ruble- Then Engages inSmuggling Rubber From Finland and Gets Rich Quickly. cStockholm, Sweden. "You want toknow what people smuggle? Go upthe river then, and you will soon findout. They smuggle nearly everything,so It Is rather difficult to answer theluestlon offhand." So said a customhouse officer at Haparanda, the littleSwedish town on the frontier of Finland, to Herbert Brlcson, a Swedishwriter, who went up the Tornea valleyto Investigate the smuggling stories."While I was waiting for the OverToroea train to start, a motorcyclechugged Into the station yard," saidBrlcson.'That Is one of our rubber barons,"remarked an acquaintance to me. Arubber baron, In Haparanda talk, Isa man who suddenly gets rich onsmuggling rubber In from Finland. Iwas in luck, for the baron KarlssonI will .call him traveled north In mycompartment He was a pleasant fellow. He did not remind me of thesmart speculators I had met in NorrIand. He even looked embarrassedwhen I began to talk about smuggling.Clerk Before the War."Presently he told me that at theoutbreak of the war he had been aclerk in one of Norrland's coast towns.He had earned his money in rubles."It Is not generally known thatmany linndred Swedes have made bigfortunes out of rubles. It happenedlike this: After the occupation ofPoland and other regions of Russia,the Germans found thatthe populationrefused to take marks In payment forsuch supplies as were paid for. Thepeople demanded rubles, and rublesthe Germans did not have. The onlyway of getting them was throughSweden. The ' Russian governmentpermitted no more than 500 to be taken out of the government by eachtraveler, but with the incentive of agood reward smugglers were not lacking. The Haparanda agents boughtup these' rubles and sent them downf to Germany by bales."Wfcejouthe Germans had bought allthe rubles they wanted Karlsson triedto 'smuggle drugs to Finland. Thatfailed absolutely. He met with a disaster at the outset His first consignment of several kilos of acetylsalicyllc add and 100 clinical thermometerswas seized by the Swedish customs authorities and a heavy fine was imposed. "So he got Into touch with someFinnish merchants who, ' for a price,guaranteed to have a large quantityof rubber rings on the Swedish side ofthe river at a certain minute on a certain day."Entering into relations with a firmIn Stockholm and finding that he couldmake many11 thousand kroner profitthereby, Karlsson told the Finns to goahead. One night he went to Mattlla,where the f rubber was to be ready.Mattlla Is a tiny station on the Hap-aranda'-Over-Torneastretch of railway, and almost on the bank of theriver.No Sign of Customs Officer."When he arrived there was no signof a Russian custom house officeracross stream. The revolution has altered matters. The Cossacks whrused to patrol the Russian shore haddisappeared. The new guards appointed by the revolutionaries found It moreInteresting to stay In Tornea. Karlssonpicked up the rubber. This was onlythe first of a chain of such transactions he managed with financial success. "Karlsson has meticulously taken thegoods so smuggled to the Swedish customs authorities, to be assessed -forduty. Quantities of tin, flour and linseed oil have similarly come over theriver for many months past. Tin givesthe Finns an advantage. I found onecase where a druggist had come togrief by taking delivery of and payingheavily for a thousand kilos of a cheapalloy. The flour smuggling seems toindicate' that the Finns engaged mustbe blackguards of- a particularly obnoxious type, f or they ship flour outof their land while .they know, thattens of thousands fit their fellowcountrymen are nearly starving andthat their government' is sending outcommissions full of piteous appeals to'other lands, America included, to sparethem a little flour. It seems curiousthat these commissions could not havetarried a week at the frontier and ojganlxed a guard to put a stop to thedrain of flour there." 'HhrrftftftAfrArPHQNE.C0MPANY PUTSBAN ON HUN MESSAGESBrookfleld. Ho. ComDlyinrwith the request of the Linn gcounty cuuuioi ox aexense, weBell Telephone company of thiscity, has Issued an order to allrviHvuia of Ifn avatm nrnhihIHnvI anyoJejIaufaffgthanfcEnfUsh Sover the teiepMse'llnes.bwaawBiwWTHE B0tm&6f 1tm$, PAJMS, KENTtfcK.rfr&a&ftfl tittb totobtoMrtrirhtrtcit'tciri:KNITS 24 SOCKS WHILE ftWAITING TO TESTIFYLos Angeles, Cal. Calledhere from Detroit to testify inthe federal court, Miss OliveKidder brought along her knitting needles and yarn, and whilewaiting to be called to the standknitted a dozen pairs of socksfor Uncle Sam's soldiers inFrance.POILU TACKLES GUMLooked Like Food So They Triedto Eat ItNow Have Remarkable Regard for theAmerican Digestive Apparatus. Paris. One of, the struggles inwhich the French soldiers became involved when the Germans swept acrossthe Aisne between Solssons and Reimswas with chewing gum. I refer toChicle Americanos, the to us wellknown vegetable product which maybe found adhering to the underside ofdesks, to shoe soles, and to trouserseats throughout the United States.The self-same article that at oncesolaces the weary shop girl and thetired business man who endeavorstherewith to conceal the fume of thedrinks that" cheer.An American ambulance train wasoperating In the general region of thedrive, and the army post exchangesestablished and operated for it by theY. M. C. A. were well supplied withthe things which are necessary to thecomfort physical and mental of theAmerican soldier. The Red Triangle( officials had established a storehouseto supply these exchanges, and a carload of supplies had been shipped to it :just before the Germans started theirdrive. The carload carried besideschocolate, tobacco, canned goods,cookies, etc. a "considerable .quantityof chewing gum.When'the drive started the Red Triangle workers available started outwith what they could carry to servethe men to whom they were attached.The storehouse was left deserted. Asthe French retired they foraged tokeep supplies, from falling into enemy hands, using what they could anddestroying 'the rest.The PoIlu8 who came upon thechewing gum like most Frenchmenwere totally unfamiliar with it. Theyknew only" that It looked like food,was wrapped like food, and was storedwith other things they knew to befood. They ventured further and triedit, stuffing the entire contents of apackage into their mouths at onetime. It tasted like food', so after abrief period of mastication they essayed to swallow It Too many ofthem succeeded. While no seriouscasualties resulted the Potlus were inspired with a remarkable regard forAmerican digestive apparatuses andconsiderable awe for American edibles.GETS INTO ARMY AT LASTMan Tries for Three Year to Join,and Leaves In 30 Minutes WhenChance Cornea.Pasadena, Cal. Louis Deschamps isa Frenchman and a patriot.Illness has kept Louis from the battle front for three and a half years,but he kept persevering and recentlysucceeded passing a physical examination. Then, just 80 minutes before88 draft men were "to leave Pasadenafor American Lake, Deschamps appeared before draft officials of exemption board No 2.'Tve passed my examination," heshouted. What are my chances foraction?""Your chances are fine," was theanswer, "if you can get ready inthirty minutes."Deschamps chartered a high-poweredautomobile, closed up his business affairs In record time and wasthe second of the drafted men to boardthe train.TALLEST MAN IN MARINESFormer Mail Clerk, 6 Feet YZ InchesTail, Enlists in Service atBaltimore.Baltimore, Md. Uncle Sam now hasG feet 5 Inches of real U. S. marine.He Is Carroll William Doggett, twentyfive years old, a mall clerk of thiscity. ,When the 77 inches of humanitystrolled Into the local recruiting station, the officers in charge had theshock of their young lives.After some little difficulties, whichIncluded bumping his head on the electric light fixtures n, the ceiling, thelengthy caller managed" to 'get downInto a chairUpon examination he was told he,was 3 inches too tall and 28 poundsunderweight So -Doggett eot busyand after much work and worry ar-ranged for a waiver from Washington.He is the tallest man in the marinecorps.Making Greek Cheese.Madison, Wis. Three factories Inthis state are now manufacturingGreek cheese. The factories are located at Milwaukee, Jfcnesvllle andShawano. The manufacturers are confident that theworkhas passed theexperimental stage. They are makingtwo varieties Feta aad Mjnzethra, .LIFE ISSAVEDBY HANDKERCHIEFAviator, Stranded in No Man'sLantf, Faces Fire ofFriend and Foe.WAVED SIGNAL TO FRENCHBy Past Running Sergeant BaughamReaches Cemradee in Safety IsRewarded With Military Med.al by the French.Washington. Flight Sergeant JamesH. Baugham of Washington, who wastransferred from the Lafayette escadrllle to the Paris Air Defense squadron, has been reported a prisoner inunofficial advices to his mother, Mrs.Mary A. Baugham, president of theDixie Agricultural company of Washington. Sergeant Baugham joined theLafayette escadrille in 1917 when hewas eighteen years old and won theMilitary medal, the highest Frenchhonor to noncommissioned men.The Incident that earned the sergeant the medal was described In a letter he wrote recently. Paying tributeto the wonderful spirit of his Frenchcomrades, Sergeant Baugham said:"We had been sent out to patrolback of the German lines and to attack anything enemy we saw. Havingincendiary balls In my gun, I was prepared to attack a German eausageor observatory balloon. Just as I wasbeginning the descent to attack, I sawa Boche airplane going In the directionof our lines to do photographic work.I put on full speed and signaled to theother planes to follow. They evidently did not see my signal, for theydidn't go down with me. When I got100 meters from the Boche I startedfiring. The enemy replied by turningloose both guns at me. I must havegot him, however, with the first blast,for when I pulled up to make anotherdive he was silent."Then something happened thatwould make the goodest man on earthcuss, and as I am not one of the best,you can imagine that I left little unsaid. My motor stopped absolutelydead. There was only one thing for meto do and that was to dive, lose' theBoche and try to volplane to theFrench lines. As I went past the German machine it immediately camedown and, putting some nice steel veryclose to him, I did all the acrobacy Ihad ever learned. When 1 had finishedI found that .1 had come down from10,000 to 1,000 feet and there was ng. Boche in sight. -Knw4$rrAlone in No Man's Land."I then looked around for a place toland. I saw a fairly good place off tothe right and made it. I then steppedout of the machine right on the faceof a dead German. It took me a minute to realize what was happening andI awoke to the sound of bullets whizzing past my head. That didn't disturbme much, because I was wonderingwhy somebody hadn't buried the German. Looking around, however, all Icould see was dead Germans. It suddenly dawned on me'that I was In No'Man's Land. Of all the places thereare to land in France and Germany Ihad to, land between the two."Then.! realized what a predicamentI was in and began to think up someway to get out of it The thought cameto me that If I was nearer the 'Germanlines than' to the French, I had betterget rid of those incendiary balls In mypocket, for if the Germans catch youwith them you are shot at once. Iclimbed bapkintorm,y machine tothetune of bullets and took out a load ofover 800 cartridges, threw them on theground and then removed my compassand altimeter,"The first thing I struck was a grave,unfinished, with two of the, enemy inIt I eased myself down into It, liftedup one of the Germans and put thecartridges beneath him. I startedwalking back to my machine. As Igot near It the Boche lines startedtheir mltralileurs and rifles at me, andthe French, unaware that I was one ofthem, also opened up. I had to walk500 feet between the lines and It wasno Joke with all that fire concentratedIn my direction. One bullet passed soclose to my face that I really felt thewind. I decided that Pd have to go toone of the lines, enemy or friend, butjust then I heard a machine overhead.I looked up and saw white puffs breaking out all around itSignaled With Handkerchief.On the way the fire got so hot Ihad to fall face down, and I didn'tmove for, I guess, five minutes. Therebeing no good reason for my beingshot like a dog, I yanked out my handkerchief and waved it at the Frenchlines.'"They finally got It; after ten minutes of waving,' and I saw a Frenchofficer beckoning me from a bit' ofwoods. If there ever has been a faster50-yard sprint I never heard of It Iran so fast that I ran right into theofficer, and very1 nearly knocked his re-volver out of his hand. I showed himmy Identification card and then startedcursing him for shooting at me. Hehad been taking potshots at me outthere. He apologized, saying that hecould only see. my head, because hisposition was slightly lower than NoMan's Land."They took me up to th divisionalgeneral, and I reported that I had seenmore than 300 dead Germans and onlytwo Frenchmen. It made him so happythat lie gave me adinner, and comDli-mented me for being a good goldltr,", ITJ? - -1 - tIF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed.LAUREL FURNACE,We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream Separators, Call and let us show them Ito you.LOWRY& MAYHELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps ITelephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. YEATCH, W. H. CAUN0N,District Manager:. a a . a a - a:Bourbon Laundry iDAVIS:& FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 " OT Wt Fifh Street 'j-ToOjli - jjQpili. . i v. -rfLSfeL J W s? &0tT" J f-'fes-.r I 1 L'xi t4VAwi i" . .' ' A -jj-:.. . "I x lit; Jjuui uun -uauiiuiyParis,: a a a.Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you be-fore placing your order. Calf usover Home Phone 399.KANESend That Nxt JobBourbon Nows. Bost- rPMinffsrWe are agents for the'None better made.Local Manager: - r :xIC ATICCAPTI flU si iiH i iii hii i ii nOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesm mIort mmeiirt- rtAlTxvttfli tttz ova aauu cauciii uciugio r at. . f! nrpnflrpr? n rn wnrlr fn-fp-"J.rior, to. none, and solicit ::"l ? your patronage!" ' ''JJT fs) kiI .ri!.. KKentuckyx: a a a:BROSof Printing to ThWork; Right Pric. - . , .... TWrifliBom?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Itik' ... v-JTUESDAY, JULY ZQf lilg., I9rows of womeits woek Jt'IMTEBESTOTGr TO CLUB ;WOMEK. . :;.3t tfce Bsd Cross Sewing Booms;prarsday Methodist ,W6man's Sp-,, Friday Baptist woman's Society.HSjafurday D. A. R. S""Tlie, colored women of the city' liiYP organized a Red. Cross circle. vaoLdec the local chapter. They will, ake, their own sewing room, ChaLrsmpxBxs. Minnie Mclntyre Martin.;. - i,"" Wirk of tlie Eefl. Cross".,. ,How: the American . Red Crqs-iafough.' its Home Service work fe2keii?dg in the great task of binding"SOse different races of America' into'flsoe unified nation was described atrariQus meetings in Washington lastmkk attended by Red Cross division-directors of Civilian Relief from all. -rarT the United States. The Mex-- afeaas that constitute a great probi-3cm Tor the Home Service Workers. 'tie southwest, the Indians of sev-eiai. western divisions, the foreign-populations of the Atlantic seaboard-jcxties,' the negroes of the South and-TsnreA the remote part of Minnesota, agroup of Icelandic people, they are allavsocilns under the attention of HomeSeryice because they are sending sonstaift fathers away to war and anytfksally that has a soldier or a sailorsst 1iSue f rnt or in training has a claimsxqpya. the government through the"HSaaa 'Service sections of the Red!431035.' Such families have' a righf to,dwm a share in the neighborliness'?, -anil sympathy and kindly aid whichfheqme Service sections were orw taaBeft to give.IN THE SERVICIOF THEIR. COUNTRYJBottled Blood For Transfusion.'The lives of soldiers on the battle" "Stwo-ts have been saved in some cases 1Yhj injecting into their veins bloodept in bottles for that purpose. A3Mtish. surgeon, speaking before the-American Surgical Association . in'OftaVeation at Cincinnati a short timemsxt.n&A that when British forces- 'werjs compelled to retreat after a ter-jyriflc Grernan Urive on the western'Iron t-a few weeks ago 3 bottles of" looL' -were captured by the Ger-v sjuuasJtnd expressed the hope that theSims 'wTTl use it as it may "make"CQt&io ."flatter human beings." Maj. W.X Mayo, of Rochester, Minn., told"3 .convention that 100 pure-bloodedT?ersons have been enlisted to give"iob& from their veins wheti neededWsc the treatment of wounded Amer-,. xcan soldiers.!!'-""3 Sister "Susie appears to have drop-" TftA the . knitting for the sewing2Hsedle but in Great Britain there isisSll a big demand for home-madeTLOsry. A Canadian lady whodaJKM$d the enipire record for .523rpairs- Qf socks has been far out-voctclicked by a native of South Aus-j -trJla, . whose score to date is 200- -iaara.ahead of the Canadian lady's.-.I', '. 7 1 fe""This Is 2. funny world. One man't -spends, ail o his time trying tocteiSge trouble and another man.spends all of his time looking" for it.Notice to Electric Lightarid Power ConsumersTg&&.XLS&r rates were printed in the2C"B0UR1B0KNEWS of July 19, andr-a,ra effective as of said date, and if,s"Stfae company charges. more than the"gw jrates from safd date. you needKBtay.the bills,but you pmst tender payments to the company at the-aaew rites for all service atter July?S. "Bring or send your bills to the' atayoifs office, First National Bankfta&iingrroomVl08, beaween 10. and' 3.2 Suid. 2 and -A o'clock daily, and.ithefCity's Engineer will calculate:, aak5 kave athem ready to return toTdu Thursday, August 8, in time for,inpayment tovget the discount.' ' ' ' ,. E. B. JANUARY,Mayor City of Paris.THOS. KISER,,'JOHN MERRINGER,-r. 'J;,J. VEATCH,Light Committee.Notice of Meeting of' Carth Fund Commissioners.The Board of Commissioners of"l&rth 'Fund will meet at the court3iouse, Jin Paris, Ky., on"aiunlay and Priday, Aug. 1 and 2,"1918, ,and the present beneficiaries' re notified to meet the Board on"Thursday, Aug. 1, and bring with1&6B1 their reports and the text"fcooks used during the past year, and"Mlso a statement of their accounts ofreceipts and expenditures, with receipts for same paid out.New applicants for the fund willvicet tkeBoard on Friday at the sameTplaoe and will bring with them their- rcouneiidations, and also theirschool, reports for the past school3t "and tle text books used during-said term.CLAUDE M. THOMAS,rr JOHN T. COLLINS,EMMETT M. DICKSON,J Commissioners.t(Continued ffom Page 1) -gone?My address for some" time, atleast; will be 36th Co., 9th Battalion,160th Depot Brigade, Camp Custer,Mich."WW.-..'.Mr. Turney Collins, formerly ofParis, who recently enlisted in theUnited States Navy, passed a successful examination at the Lexingtonrecruiting station. He-will probablybe assigned to the Great Lakes station. Corp. Paul Brannon, Sergt. WillHill,, Private Robert J. Reynolds andSergt. ' Harry Barlow, who are stationed with the 326th Field Artillery at West Point, Ky., nearCamp Zachary Taylor, were at homeon furlough from Saturday to Mon-dey, as guest of relatives in this city.The transfer of troops from Northern cantonments, to those in theSouth and Southeast proceeds rapidly. Almost every day troop trainspass through Paris via the Louisville& Nashville south-bound. On Fridayfive of these trains, loaded withtroops, passed south. One train carried eleven coache's.Mr. Alvin Arkle, a former Parisboy, is now in the naval serviec assecond class seaman. His. father,Mr. Thomas W. Arkle, who is now residing in Lexington, was in Paris,Sunday, and stated that he had received a postcard from his son. announcing his safe arrival at a Frenchport: Young Arkle has been in thenavy about six months.Mr. Robert Collins, of near Paris,.left yesterday for Camp Zachary Taylor,-to report for army service. Mr.Collins was to have gone to the campwith a local contingent some timeago, but was injured in the foot bythe accidental discharge of a shotgun, while hunting an his farm nearCenterville. Mr. Collins was discharged from the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday.Twenty-nine men have been recommended by State Examiner Capt. H.N. Royden, U. S. A., to attend theCentral Officers' Training camps toprepare themselves for commissionsin the national arpny. Among thenumber were Charles S. Spears andAndy K. Caywood, both of Paris,being recommended for the infantryservice in the instruction camp atCamp Gordon, Georgia.Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger received apostcard message Saturday from herson, Clifton Arnsparger, stating thathe had made the overseas journey insafety and was then en route to anar,my receiving camp in France. Mr.Arnsparger enlitsed in the service onApril 2. His brother, Mr. LucienArnsparger, now a Lieutenant in theservice, is with the American Expeditionary Forces in France.Orders for overseas equipmenthave been issued by Gen. Harry C.Hale at Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio. The 84th Division,made up mainly of Kentucky andIndiana troops, is stationed at thiscamp. Among the Kentuckians areseveral Paris and Bourbon countyboys, recently transferred from CampZachary Taylor and Ft. Thomas.Lee F. Brown, son of Mrs. LizzieBrown, of Paris, is a patient in theantny hospital at Camp Kearney,near Linda Vista, Call. YoungBrown is a member of the California contingent of draftees now intraining at Camp Kearney. Upon hisrelease from the hospital Mr. Brownwill go to the Army ConvalescentHospital, where he will remain threeweeks, before being permitted to resume his place in the ranks.! 4 Kenney Kiser, who has been assisting his lather, Mr. Walker Kiser,in- harvesting his hay and wheatjcrops near Kiserton, returned Saturiday, to Detroit, Mich., where he isstationed in the radio service branchof the navy. Mr. Kiser carried thebig U. S. Flag in the parade Fridayafternoon heading the Great LakesNaval Band. He is over six feet inheight, weighing two hundredpounds, and has been pronounced bynaval surgeons almost perfect prys-ically.Under the charge of Mr. WilliamMitchell, who has been designated as-Captain, the following young menleft Paris yesterday afternoon forVancouver Barracks, Washington,on the Pacific coast, where they willenter the service of Uncle Sam inthe Government timber reserve: Wm.Mitchell, Fred Burgin, Ireland. "Bit"Davis, Jakie Saloshin, Fred Millerand Pearce Beatty. This will mean aride of 3,500 miles across the continent. They will not arrive at theirdestination until next Saturdaynight. Mr. Mitchell has been a mem-C?A? THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO ITuesday, July 30thWilliam Fox PresentsWILLIAM FARNUM"THE HEAfflTOF A LION"a thrilling story of lore arid Jife:in" alumber camp."A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"Vitagraph's latest and best serial, -featuringWilliam Duncan with Edith Johnson- and Joe Ryan.Also the EihtttntH Episode off"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Wednesday, July 31stThos. tl. Ince PresentsENID BENNETTIN"The Biggest Shaw on Earth"Roscoe( Fatty) Arbucklein "MOONSHINE"Also a "Luke" Comedy and Pathe NewsFeature.Thursday, August 1stSelect Pictures CorporationPresentsALICE BRADYIN'The Trials of Rosetta'a tale of twin sisters totally differentAlso a Mutt and Jiff Comedy, "TheSeventy-flve-Mlle Gun," and Pathe NewsFeature.PricesAt the Alamo CbildrenSc war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2cColored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adult3 10c war tax lc.Can You.Swim?.i . s r mK.WATER "DOINGS" AT Y. M. C. A.PUBLIC INVITED.Ladies August 2nd; everybodyAug. 8tluThe Ladies' Swimming Class a'ttheBourbon County Y. M. C. A. hasbeen granted an additional day eachweek. Hereafter the swimming poolswill be reserved Wednesdays mornings for gJrls and young women ofthe Church and Sunday League; afternoons all members of the regularMonday and Thursday classes.Friday night of this week, Aug.2nd, all ladies and young women areinvited to see the swimming exhibition at the Y. M. C. A. swimmingpool by (members of the Ladies' Class.Miss Harriet Rogers, the instructor,has arranged the following program:Demonstration of Form Swimming,(three different strokes.)Diving Exhibition.Beginners. Race. t ,Advanced Race. xDemonstration of Rescue Work,(Life Saving.)Stunts and Fun, (Candle and TubRaces, etc)AH members of the SwimmingClass are eligible to enter any ofthese events and each member is entitled to bring her friends.At 7:30 p. m.' Secretary Thos, K.Sjmith has arranged a practice BoyScout "Drill. Mothers and, sisters willwant to see what the boys do at theY. M. C. A. during their spare t$me.This drill will close in time for theswimming exhibition, which beginsat 8:1? o'clock.Save Thursday night, Aug. 8, foranother swimming exhibition, whenthe boys and men of the Y. M. C. A.will entertain the public with a pleasing program of aquatics. (It)fe fc teDEATHS.at. -v,-. jv-ber of the clerical force in the Lv&N. freight office; Mr. Davis has beenchauffeur for the G. W. Davis undertaking establishment; Mr. Miller hasbeen manager of the Harry SIniondepartment store; Mr. Burgin was anputo mechanic in the employ of theBourbon Garage & Supply Co.; Mr.Saloshin leaves a nice position aspharmacist in the L. Oberdorfer drugstore, and Mr. "Beatty r has been inthe service of Louisville & .NashvilleRailroad. All are worthy and patri-Iotic young men. The best wishes ofthe people of Piris will follow them.OSBORNE.The funeral of Mrs. Geo. W. Osborne, aged forty-three, who died ather home near . Bloomingdale, inClark County, Saturday, of a complication of diseases, was held at thefamily residence yesterday afternoonat three o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. J. T. Turpin. Theburial followed in the Brock buryingground in Clark county.Mrs. Osborne was a daughter ofGeorge W. and Nancy Owsley, and issurvived by her husband and -fivechildren, Charles Osborne and. Mrs.Jesse Smith, of Bourbon county andJanie, Clarence and Frances Osborne,of Clark county.JACOBS.The funeral or Mr. Frank Jacobs,who died suddenly last Thursdaymorning in this city1was held in theParis Cemetery, Sunday afternoon,at three o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, '.pastor of the Paris Baptist church..The pall-bearers were John C.'Connell, M. H, H. Davis, Jas. B. Stivers,John'Malaney, D. C. Parrish,Jas. M.O'Brien, Dr. W. C. Ussery and J.- R.Miller.' Mr. Jacobs was a genial, warmhearted man, who stood high in, theesteem of all who knew him well.He was a man of quiet, unassumingmanners, one who made a large'.circle of friends during his residencehere, and, who sincerely regret hispassing.BRINDLEY.iteiauves in tms city -have re-.ceived a message announcing thedeath Sunday, July 20, of Mr. Ben F,Brindley, Jn, aged fifty years, ofpneumonia. Mr. Brindley was a sonof Ben Fj Brindley, Sr., of Brooklyn,N. Y., formerly of Bourbon coumty,and besides his father, who is eightysix years of age, is survived by onesister, Miss Lucy G. Brindley, aadthree brothers, Fred, Cooper andElias Brindley. Funeral serviceswere held Tuesday, with burial inBrooklyn. Mr. Brindley was a nephewof Mrs. Mary E. Hibler, of this city,and at cousin of Messrs. Bishop andHarvey Hibler.CHIPLEY.Mrs. Emma J. Chipley, aget?sixty-seven, died at the County Infirmary; in this county yesterdaymorning, after a long illness. Thefuneral will be held in the ParisCemetery this afternoon, at twoo'clock; with services conducted atthe grave by Rev. George R Cojtnbs,pastor of the Paris Methodistchurclr,Mrs. Chipley is survived by oneson, Mr.' Rolla Chipley, who is stationed at an army camp in New Jersey, one sister, Mrs. Florence Workman, oTBitii county, and one brother, Mr. William Stanfleld, of Fleming county.ta to S3iEver notice that when you comeearly to avoid the rush you get intoa jam because every one else hadthe sane idea you had?An Indignation Meeting never getsanywhere because the speaker usually announces that "The time haspassed for words," and then emitsabout 1"8;000 of them.)MATRIMONIAL.SHELBY HANGER.Mrs. G. C. Thompson, Jr., ofAlabapia, who is visiting her mother,Mrs. Mollie James, on Second street,in this city, will ge to Danville today to be present at the weddingthere on Wednesday of Mr. Harry B.Hanger, Jr., of near Richmond, toMiss Martha Shelby, of Arcadia, nearDanville. Mrs. Thompson will bematron of honor at the wedding.The bride-elect is a handsomeyoung woman, who has frequentlybeen a visitor in Paris. The groomis a prosperous farmer, residingnearRichmond,, a son of Mr. Harry B.Hanger, of the Mason-Hanger Co.,construction and building operators,now engaged on big government1 contracts in the South and East. Thewedding, which will take place at theBorne of the bride near Danville, onWtetfnesday afternoon, will be at brilliant social event. .HICKMAN HARRIS.A surprise wedding, which: tookTiTace in Lexington yesterday morning was that of Mr. Ray Harris- andiMiss Christine 4 Hickman, both ofParis. Mr. Harris and Miss Hickman, accompanied by Miss HenriettaDotson, of Paris, motored to Lexington, yesterday morning, and afterthe necessary legal papers ftad beensecured, went to" the Willet Flats, onNorth Upper street, where they weremarried at seven o'clock. The ceremonty was performed by Rev. Dr. W.A. Fortnue, of Lexington.Imjmediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Harris left for a shortbridal trip to Cincinnati, where theywiU visit friends a few days. .Fromthere they will go to Akron, Ohio,for a visit to the bride's grandmother,Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, formerly of Paris.On their return they will go to housekeeping in a cottage 'on High street,in this city-The groom is a prosperous youngbusiness man, senior partner in therestaurant and grocery firm of Harris& Dale, on Main street. He is a sonof Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris, oftalker avenue, and a brother of Mrs.Wm. Dale,.of."Paris. The bride is oneof the city's handsomest young women. Prior to her marriage she hadbeen cashier and bookkeeper for theshoe firpi of Friedman & Ashurst.THE NEWS" extends congratulationsto the happy young people.fe to toWALNUT LOGS WANTED.In carload lots. For Gun Stocksfor U. S. Army rifles. All walnutpurchased by this company goes directly into Government work at ourmills and factory at Louisville, Ky.,and New Albany, Ind. Log dealersand owners of standing timber writeus what walnut you can furnish.Address Wood-Mosaic Co., Inc., 700First National Bank Building, Lenington, Ky. (19-6t)This Week the Second Week of theShoe ClearanceSale!Will be the greatestmoney saving day inHigh Grade Men's, Women's andChildren's Shoes, Oxfords and PumpsMany shoppers have attended this sreat safe.FOLLOW THE CROWDSand take advantage of this great opportunity. ENTIRESTOCK AT PRICES LESS THAN PRESENT WHOLESALECOST.m00002ih -fibLadies' MahoganyCol. Pumps, Louis Heel, Welts,$4.50 values at..Tan2.99Ladies' Patent and DullKid Pumps, Louis jand Low Heels,$4.00 values at.JillU UU.U$2.49Ladies' highest quality and mostbeautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan,White and Black Boot, Oxfordsand Pumps, Walk-Over andother famous makes, atCLEARANCE SALE PRICES.Ladies' Kid Colonette Pumps, H.&M., and High Boots, Louis and lowheel, Turn, $5.00 values atLadies' Dull and Pat. Kid Bootsand Pumps, broken- sizes, $3.50aad $4.00 values at3.95$1.49Ladies' White Canvas Pumpsand High. Boots, Louis and lowheel, $3.00 values at$1.99tmnLadies White Canvas Oxfords, Low andCub. heels, $2.00values, at til JMen's G. M. Eng.lords, best makesall sizes, $4.00values, atOx-2.99Men's Tan and G. M. English.Shoes, Walk-Over, all sizes, $4.50values at3.49Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes and i aaOxfords, $8.00 values at .....1.39Men's, Boys', Misses' and Children's jaWhite Tennis Oxfords, 75c values, at WChildren's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at99cDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreI, 26kYOfcrfis.- . ,,lxlie-Wtt. ijmm.MXTBJfrWiitia--iiiTJ'rti i 777kitjr' - -..-"feafevsr ftt