" -- "'.7 r - fwmwWW- '. t, iJPP vv -: :-: Trl'F& ill '- --.tfr.,-- f.' .fat -.,.' " f T5f.PUBLISHED .EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,V0LUMEQXXXVI1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, tUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1918.. - . . v - s . , .RniiPRHN Nrwc mk m .h m m. m m m w b t m b aai -aai .b. . Jrwi"Wf.i sBH H V V IkbbbbI W H IbV(BOYS OF LEGAL AGE MUST REGISTER NEXT SATURDAY,AUGUST 24..Judge Charles A. McMillan, Chairman of the Bourhoii County Boardof Exemption, received a telegramyesterday morning from Major HenryRhodes, of Frankfort, in charge ofthe selective draft program in thisState, advising him that all hoys whohave fcecom of legal age in thiscounty since June 5 last, must register next. Saturday.The registration will he held inthe office of the Board, in the courthouse, from 7:00 a. m. to 9:00 p.m. This is given as an official noticeto all young men in the county within the provisions of this requirmentto present themselves at the office ofthe Board hetween the hours givenand register. If you have attainedyour legal age, twenty-one years,since last June 5, don't fail to register. No excuse can save you fromthe consequences.All the printed forms required inthe registration have heen distrihuted. .The registration cards will hesimilar to those used Heretofore.The registrations numbers, however,will he filled out "by the AdjutantGeneral at Frankfort instead of hythe local Board.-IS iCSt JOl-COURT ACQUITS MRS. FREEMAN"OP CHARGE OF MURDERThe big Circuit Court room in thecourt house was crowded Fridaymorning when County Judge GeorgeBatterton called Mrs. Pauline Fleeman, charged with the killing ofNeal Parker in this city, on Saturday night. A large number of women were in the audience, attractedby a feeling of sympathy for the woman, who had unfortunately beenbrought into the limelight by the occurrence which had temporarily deprived her of liberty.A large number of witnesses hadbeen summoned for boh sides inthe case and many of thm were examined at great length. The principal testimony given was that oIMre,Fleeman and those witnesses whosaw the actual events leading up tothe shooting, and the shooting itself.Among these was a young son ofNeal Parker, who had been employedby Mrs. Fleeman to assist her in conducting the "rack" which she operated on the carnival grounds on Tenth-street. Mrs. Fleeman told her storyof the events in a graphic, straightforward way that at once sent approval to the minds of the spectators, and gained their symapthyOther witnesses testified as to Parker's appearance on the grounds, andMs subsequent actions, which led upto the shooting. The testimony, inthe main, corroborated the story astold in THE NEWS on Tuesday following the shooting.The case was represented for theprosecution by County Attorney D.D. Cline, and for the defense by Attorney E. M. Dickson. The defensewas conducted with a view to showing thp necessity of. Mrs. Fleemanperotcting herself from the attackof a powerful man, and to this endthe efforts of her attorney were directed. The evidence sustained thedefendant's plea of justifiable self' defense, and in passing on the case,Judge Batterton so ruled.Arguments were made by CountyAttorney -Cline and Attorney Dickson. At their conclusion Judge Batterton" reviewed the testimony, andthe arguments, and in deciding thecase in iavor of the defendant, said:"In passing judgment on a case likethis I aim to do what I think a trialjury would do, and therefore 'I acquitthe defendant."Mrs. Fleeman was immediatelydischarged from custody, and, withher husband, left tor Versailles,where the carnival company was filling an engagement.BOURBON COUNTY SUNDAYSCHOOL CONVENTION TO-BAYBeginning this morning the annual session of the Bourbon CountySunday School 'Association of theChristian church will be held at Ruddles' Mills, in the Christian church.Mr. A. Li. Boatright, choir directorof the Paris Christian church, willhave charge of the musical program.He will be assisted by Miss FreddieFilmore, of Cincinnati. An interesting program will be rendered.Among the many features on theprogram will be an address in themorning on "The Bible School andChristian Citizenship" by Rev. Horace Kingsbury, of Louisville, State"Worker, and in the afternoon a conference on "What Has This Convention Meant To Me and What Will ItMean To My Church and School,"conducted by the same,, speaker.te Hi wr :SOME" tobacco.Mr. Courtland Leer has on exhibition in the windows of the ArdeTyDrug Co., some specimens of a splendid lot of tobacco taken at randomfrom a crop grown by him on the oldBourbon Fair Grounds. These specimens, which were blown down by ahigh wind, are each a little overseven feet in height and the leavesmeasure thirty-six inches -in t length.The tobacco patch in which thesestalks were grown look like an Arkansas cane brake. The tobacco is sohigh that an ordinary -man couldeasily "hide there without being dls-;covered. . r f "-P00B ADMINISTRATOR ISSUESNEW BEEF REGULATIONSAll .heavy beef for the present isneeded for war export.The Food Administration, therefore, requests retail meat markets tohandle cattle which dress not over475 pounds, and urges public atingplaces and the public In general, tocreate demand for light weightcuts.Therefore, in order to absorb thelight weight cuts of beef on theabove basis, the Food Administration, beginning August 10, issues thefollowing rules:'First The restrictions upon theserving of beef in public eating placesare discontinued and the rule thatbeef can only be served at one mealeach day is cancelled, and it is permitted to be served at any time andat all meals if cut from cattle whichdress not over 475 pounds.Second The Food Administrationdesires to release the householderfrom the voluntary suggestion thatthey use not more that 1 poundsper week per person of bone beef,or 14 pounds of clear beef, permitting to those who have patrioticallyconfined their purchases to thisamount a wider use of Tight dressedbeef.The above policy is suggested inorder to take care of the excess oflight cattle being rushed to market,but it is not intended to do awaywith the general policy of conservation of all meat, which is still encouraged as a measure to safeguardthe future supplies of the country.L. D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County Food Administrator.PARIS YOUNG PEOPLE LEAVEFOR CAMP DANIEL BOONECamp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. C.A. camp at Valley View, on the Kentucky River, will be a lively placethis week, when it will be occupiedby about seventy-five delegates- fromdifferent parts of the State, representing the Christian Endeavor Societies of their respective communities. ' The following young people leftParis yesterday for the camp, wherethey will remain several days:Misses Carrie Rose, Vernita Baldwin,Mary Ellen Scott, Eugenia Fishback,i Elizabeth Stuart Carter, JosephineMyers and Elizabeth Clark, and D.Y. L. Farley, Foster Mitchell, VailBaldwin and Yutaki Minakuchi.Another group of Paris girls whohave been at the camp for the pasttwo weeks, will return to Paris.Misses Helen Hutchcraft and Elizabeth Crutcher, who have liadcharge of these girls during theirstay in camp, will remain there totake charge of the group arrivingyesterday and to be with a companyof High School Y. M. C. A. girls whowill reach the camp the latter partof this week. "Miss Emily Fithian, of Paris, whohas been at the camp with the firstgroup of girls from this city, wasthe successful contestant in a competitive swimming contest held therea few days ago.The young people have made allarrangements beforehand for havinga good time, and intend to enjoytheir stay in the camp to the veryfullest.The closing week at the Camp willbe featured by athletic contests ofvarious kinds and' cups will be awarded to the winning city or town inthe State. Ribbons will also begiven for points as first, second andthird prizes to the individual winners. The rowing can tests will beheld Friday afternoon. Tennis tournaments, whfch were played lastweek between individual playerswill be held Friday night after supper to decide the champion. Eventsin the swimming contests are endurance swim, four times across theriver and back, race across the riverfor speed, fifty-yard" race for speed,drop from swinging rope into theriver, beginners' form contest andbeginners' race.j tei TsMEMORIAL SERVICES HELD.Memorial services were conductedat "the Y. M. C. A. last Sunday afternoon at four o'clock, in honor ofRoy King Burley, son of Mr. andMrs. Arthur Burley, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital a few daysago, following an operation for appendicitis. Young Burley was a member ofthe Boy Scouts and the LibertyDrum and Bugle Corps. Addressestouching on his life and associationswere made by members of both organizations, and by speakers fromother ranks in life. Resolutions ofrespect to his memory were adopted.HOT WEATHER, HAS HURT THE. . CROPS.According to statements made byfarmers who have closely watchedthe effect of the hot spell on vegetation, the crops in this county havesuffered considerable. damage.Although in some localities cornNIH fortaolen-nA TkocfnrA rrmtfniiA fair." the hot.1Vdry spell is causing the corn to "fire"and pastures are drying up. Tobaccois less damaged, but the hot weatheris Tipening it' prematurely, and it isbeing topped in. some places. The intense heat and lack of rain is causing much damage among gardentruck generally and Irish potatoesand tomatoes, especially. A localtruck gardener the other day showedTHETNEWS man a bunch' bf ripe tomatoes that had literally ieen cooked an the top" surface' by the intenseIdrv heat. ,i'S -fh SFood Administration Publishes Price List As"Guide to ConsumersThrough courtesy of the Bourbon county papers the Food Administration will each week publish a price list of the most important andnecessary, foodstuffs. These prices are absolutely fair,- being based onthe percentage recommended ,by the Government and any and all violations should be promptly reported to the County Food Administrator:, ' , CONSUMER PAYSWheat Flour, retailer pays 75c per 12 lb sack. .80c to 83c per 12 lb. sackor 7c in bulkRye Flour, retailer pays 8 to 8' l-3c lb 9c to 9 yc lb.Corn Flour, retailer pays 6 to 636c lb , . .7'c to 8c lb!Corn Meal, retailer pays 5c to 5c lb 7 to 7c lb.Barley Flour, retailer pays 6c to 7c lb , 8 1-3 to 9c lb!Rice Flour, retailer pays 11 to 12c lb 14 to 15c lb.Oat Meal, dealer pays 16 2-3c per 2 lb. package. . .' .21c to 23c packageRolled Oats, 'dealer pays 10 per 20 'oz package. . : .13c to 14c packageRice (Fancy Head) retailer pays llc to 12c lb 15c to 16c lbRice (1 lb. package), retailer pays 12 c per lb 15 c to 16 2-3 lbGranulated Sugar, retailer pays 8.13 f.o.b. Paris 9 He to 9c lbLard (bulk), retailer pays 29c lb . . .32 to 35c lbEvaporated Milk (small) retailer pays 5c to Sc 6c to 7c canEvaporated milk (large), retailer pays lie" to llc can.. 14c to 15c canCanned Corn (standard), retailer pays 12 c to 13c can. .17 to 19c canCanned Tomatoes, retailer pays 19c to 20c can. .".' 27c to 29c canCanned Salmon (pink) retailer pays 19cto 20c can 27c to 29c canCanned Salmon (red), retailer pays- 25c to 26c can 35c to 38c canCorn Syrup, retailer-pays 70c to 71c gal 90c to 95c gal.Cheese, retailer pays 29c lb ; 40c per lb.Low prices refer to cash and carry system; high prices refer tocredit and' delivery ' system. The greater cost of the credit and deliverysystem justifies the greater profit. ?Merchants are still governed by the fifty-fifty plan: No person isallowed to buy from the merchant more than six pounds of flour per"month per each member of the family and this amount must always be.sold with, an equal amount of substitutes. tEvery one is urged to practicesugar. No family is allowed over 2of the household. No family will be25 pounds for 'home panning purposes.Please report all violations of the Food Administration rules." L. D. MITCHELL,Bourbon County Food Administrator.TO SPEAK ON RETAIL DELIVERY.2VR"UTm? BTcnjTnTTA'KrMr. Eugene J. Straus,ville, State Representativeof Louis -of theConservation Division -of the WarIndustries Board", and Chairman ofthe Commercial Economy Committeeof the Kentucky Council of Defense,will address the business men ofParis at the court house, at eighto'clock, next Friday evening.Mr. Straus is making a tour ofthe State in the interest of the campaign for conservation by-restrictingthe retail delivery service under,certain rules and regulations. -Mr.'Straus will explain the recommendations of the Board to the merchantsof this city, who will' be asked toadopt them.In the nresent emere:encv it isfth-solutely necessary that the cauntry!&fresources be used to the fullest advantage to aid in carrying on thewar. This requires that all unnecessary services shall be eliminated inretail trade as well as in other lines.of business. The Conservation Division of the war Industries Boardhas made a very careful investigationof the economics that are1 possiblein the delivery service of the retailWE KNOW HOWHot Weather?Why, Certainly!But there is no need to suffer when you canwhen you can purchase light' weight comfortableclothing from us.Palm Beach Coat and TrousersCool Cloth and Mohair Suitsthat will certainly keep you cool these hot, sultry days$1350 to $25.00Men's Summer Underwear in union suits andtwo-piece garments, extra thin, long lengths and kneelengths, Silk, Pongee, Linen and Nainsooks.Straw Hats and Panamas, $2.00 to $10.00.'ALow. Cut Oxford Shoes, tans and blacks, Nettleton and J. P. Smith m kes, $7.00 to $12.00.. ,Do not delay. Buy toMITCHELL & BLAKEMORENettleton Shoes ' v, a DrReed's Cuihion Sole Shos . ,the greatest economy in the use ofpounds per month per each member .allowed in the affgrreeate more thanstores. This shows that a largeinumoer oi men ana venicies can uemade available for military or otheri service a s essential to the wel-iare or tne country, ah tnis Mr.Straus will explain inhis addressnext Friday night.RED CROSS SURGICAL DRESSINGROOMS CLOSED.Until the September quota of material and work is received, the RedCross Surgical dressing rooms in thecourt. liouse will be closed. TheAugust work has been completed andthe local managers are awaiting orders frqm headquarters. Due noticeof the date of reopening the roomswill be given through the press ofthe city.m m mMEETING OP' BOURBON COUNTYDEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE.All members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee arerequested to meet at the court housein the County Court room at 4o'clock onto-morrow (Wednesday)! af ternoon.W. D. McINTYRE,Chairman B. C. D. CJIXK- day and be cool and com-ycI!Ki:-:I1T THE SERVICE OT? THEIR.'COUITTB.Y ''Private Robert Dotson, who isstationed at Camp Zachary Taylor,is spending a short furlough at thehome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. R. Dotson, near Clintonville.Mr. Clark Crouch, son of Mr. andMrs. Isaac Crouch, of near LittleRock, and a brother of Mrs. Wm.Bryan, of Paris, is now in the training camp at Camp Pike, near LittleRock, Arkansas.Dr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, received a card from his nephew, Mr.W,. E. Saulsbury, of Jackson, Ky.,announcing his safe arrival at aFrench port. Young Saulsbury is amember of one of the Kentucky infantry regiments recently sent overseas. Mrs. W. H. Renick, of Paris, received a postoard from her grandson,Mr. William Renick Smith, "statinghe had arrived safely at a Frenchport. Mr. Smith is a member of acompany in one of the crack Texasregiments. He enlisted at Dallas,Texas. ,Three more volunteers from Paris,Leo Keller, James Temnlin and Dor-sey Allison, left Friday for the NavalTraining Station at Great Lake3, 111.,where they will begin intensivetraining in different branches of theservice.- All three are young men ofexcellent character, and will makeUncle Sam proud of them whentheir finishing touches have been acquired. Mr. Blair Varden writes to hisparents, Dr. 'and Mrs. Geo. S. Varden, in Paris, that he has been transferred from the Rose PolytechnicSchool at Terre Haute, Ind., to theinstruction camp at Camp ZacharyTaylor. Mr. Varden was one of thefour young men from Paris who wasassigned to the vocational school atTerre Haute. At Camp ZaqharyTaylor he has been placed in theReplacement Depot service.'Mr. Kirtley Gregg, fqpnerly ofParis, has been admitted to the Naval Academy at Annapqiis, Maryland,after passing a successful examination. Despite the fact that he wassuffering from a broken leg sustained Jn drilling exercises preceding theexamination, young Gregg studiedand in the competive examinationreceived the highest honors of hisclass. He is the youngest successfulcandidate ever applying for entranceto Annapolis.-Supply Sergt. Paul Brannon, Sergt.Harry Barlow, Merritt J. Slicer andHenry Blythe were at home from theartillery practice range at WestPoint, Ky., from Saturday to Monday. Several colored soldiers fromCamp Zachary Taylor were also athome for the same length of time.Homer Nutter, who captained one ofthe colored contingents, declaresthere isn't a happier or more contented lot in the world than the colored boys at Camp Zachary Taylor.In a recent letter to his parents,Mr. and Mrs. James B. Dempsey, ofParis, Mr. Albert Dempsey, tells ofhis experiences with a squad of submarine ch'asers patroling the watersof the Gulf Coast. Mr. Dempsey hasbeen o-n trips with the squadron inthe radio service as a wireless operator. The last trip, he made was fromKey West, Fla., to Honduras, in Cen-ytral America. The trip was uneventful, but the boats were prepared tocope with anything looking like aHun submarine.A post card to THE NEWS fromB. Clark Wilson, son of Mr. andMrs. David Wilson, of Paris, statesthat the ship on which he had sailed from an American port had arrived safely overseas. Mr. Wilson added: "I had a fine trip overseas andam now ready to give the Huns achase for their lives. I am feelingfine. England, and especially London are fine. Give my regards toall." Mr. Wilson is in the aviationbranch of the service and was at onetime a member of the Royal FlyingCorps of the Canadian army.Four brothers of Mrs. James E.Craven, o'f Paris, are now in the service of the United States in thearmy. Of these two are nowoverseas, Private John Moran, withthe Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40, in England, and James Moran, in France, with the 149th Infantry. " The other, two are await-"ing calls for overseas duty, and areeven now probably en route toFrance.. Joseph Moran is a privatein-Base Hospital No. 115, stationedat Camp Upton, Long Island, NewYork, and Wm. Clement Moran is amember of the 113th Field SignalBattalion, Wire Co. R, stationed atCamp Shelby, Hatttesburg, Miss. .Private Joseph Moran, of Paris,stationed at Camp Upton, LongIsland, New York, with Base Hospital Unit'No. 115, sends his sister,,Mrs. James E. Craven, of Paris, acopy of "The Hatchet," a daily paper published on board one of UncleSim's, big battleships. The paper isa two page publication, set on aumntvne. a,nd Drinted on shipboard. Itcontains important, news fromthefighting zone, transmittetUvia vire-less, cartoons illustratingKaiserBill being towed to Coney Islaad im.a tub, original poems, and articleste"inS iu a general way of howD.attlesniPS crew is made up and oflife in general on shipboard.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins xdfamily and Mr. Frank-W. Collins, otNorth Middletown, have returned;from a visit to the former's son, CaptWm. Collins, at Camp Sherman, nerChillecothe, Ohio.Mr. Virgil Harney, of Paris, amember of one of the Bourbon countydraft contingents, is now on French ,soil. Mr. Harney wrote to his wlfnear Paris, that he and his comradesin arms had made the trlj orerseaain both safety and comfort, sad thatthey didn't see anything that lookedlike danger.Mr. George Wilson has returned tohis home near North Middletown, after a visit to his son, Mr. Sparks Wilson', who is stationed in the armycamp at Eagle Pass, in Texas. YoungWilson is in active training in theservice, and says he will not be satisfied until he is after the Bocheswith a bayonet or a machine gun.Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,.and Mr. Clell Turney motored Sunday to Ft. Benj. Harrison, atIndianapolis, Ind. They spent the dayin camp with Private Andrew Jackson Turney, who is a member of the2 2d Engineers at the camp. Mr. andMrs. Jesse Turney and Mrs. RobertWinn, were recent guests of PrivateTurney. ,Judge jC. A. McMillan, chairmanof the local Board of Exemption, received a telegram yesterday fromMajor Henry Rhodes, at Frankfort.Chief of the Selective Draft Service,directing him to issue a1' call fortwenty-three colored - registrants.These men are to report to the Boardan next Saturday, August 24, for, examination. They will be sent toCamp Zachary Taylor.David Johnson, colored, who wasfor many years porter at the SimonDepartment store in this city, writesfo friends in Paris that he is in theservice in France, and that it Is certainly a wonder to see how quicklythe colored boys adapted themselvesto changed conditions and the customs of the country. Johnson saysFrench people look upon the American soldiers as the saviors of theworld, and ure ready to do almostanything for them..-'Mr. Willis Jacoby, of Paris, whowas one of the four sent from thiscity to the Vocational TrainingSchool at Indianapolis, Ind., somemonths ago, is now in France. Mr.Jacoby wrote to his parents, Mr. andMrs. George Jacoby, near this city,announcing his safe arrival at a.French port. Before leavinsr forFrance, Mr. Jacoby had been stationed at Camp Mills, Long Island,New York, where he was visited byhis parents a short time ago. ,Friends in this city have receivedinformation to the effect that EnsignWilliam S. Moore, son of Mr. ThomasE. Moore, recently of. Paris, had beenwounded in action. The ship- onwhich he sailed for France was torpedoed by the Huns and in the meleehe was wounded slightly. He israpidly recovering, and will soon beon his station again. He was commissioned soon after entering themerchant marine service, and wastransferred to the navy. jAfter assisting in threshing 24,000 bushels of wheat and 3.000 bushels of rye as his contribution to the"help the farmer" plan, Mr RobertAdair, of Paris, reported at .the Lexington naval recruiting station forduty. He was sent to the GreatLakes Training Station with the enlisted rank of pilot. Mr. Adair wasrecalled fromfa ,group of Bourboncounty men who were being sent toCamp Zachary Taylor by the localBoard in order that he might helpvin the work of harvesting the wheatcrop.Mrs. H. B. Barlow, of Tenth'street, has received a letter from hey; .son, Sergt. HermanBarlow, stating'that he had arrived safely at a "French port in company with manyother. Kentucky boys. They weretransferred some time ago front 'Camp Zachary Taylor to Camp MillsfSergt. Barlow states "that nothirigr "worthy of recording occurred on the 'overseas trip, and that the boysdidn't even get seasick, although 'they had one little storm. Barlow'Jsaid the boys were all well and ready'to do their best toward grinding the'lrHuns from the face of the earth. "'Major "Charles D. Winn, formerlyin business in this city, writes' to "relatives announcing his safe arrival :at a French port as a- member of theAmerican Exepditionary Force. Heis the seventh member of the Wlmnfamily to be commissioned officers in,the United States army. Prior tohis departure fdr France"he had beeengaged in the service as one of the ''instructors in military science at a.number of the army nosts in. theNorth. Major Winn is a veteran ofthe Spanish-American war, having :"commanded a Bourbon county com-pany at Camp Chickamauga, He is"a brother of Mrs. James McClure, of ?this city. , ."'''BATBIKQ SUTIS. ;; .Bathing Suits from 7Sc uy. 'TWJH BROTHERS'(-tf)Dftartment Store.xlCKi".."... --.-I x -V.x"WH'TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAKI8, KY. rTUESDAY, AUGUST at, 11Iffi MffiON NEWSlfcWbGshed.1881 36 Tears of Contumoas Publication IMbiulied Every Tuesday and FridayTmr Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIFT CHAMP, ?EdiWr and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the-Ifcaracter, standing, or reputation ofiiBF' person, firm or corporation which.mm' jappear in the columns of THE3pjGPRBON NEWS will he -gladly cor-:vm !& brought to attention of theTf.ADVERTISING 'RATESItfsplay Advertisements, $1.00 peruor- first time; 0 cents- per inch-subseauent insertion.mflftding'olices, 10 cents -per linetaeue: reading notices in siacKt;CepxsPEi line, ;&? uwsuo.ftT.7Lcv o. i uiawMir wu wi. vuur'- - ' '- - nrl -roai-iliiffnTlit. arm,.iF foniy 10fcensper line.jjpyflil trateg for large advertise,;wjBjt8jacai ijearly, contracts,ooi vhofc right of publisher Is reserved& sKne any advertisement or other?mm&ter f or, 'publication.. Ascaouncements for political officessmmt', ! invariably be accompanied by--fFhis paper has enlistedfMithe government in thefcause of America for theperiod of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Watch Yourself Go By3ust stand aside and watch yourself; so by;"Dainlc of yourself as "he," insteadoaf "1."aj8btev closely as in other men you, motevt!ke .a4cneed trousers and ,ther seedy coat;3ESCV flaws; find fault; forget thepr.man is you,.JAndtiry to make your estimate ringtttrue.'Confront yourself and look you inthe eye3hzat stand aside and watch yourselfJ5 y,Aad Cken, with eyes unveiled to.Twliat you loathe," To sins that with sweet charity'you'd 'clotheSack to 'your self-walled tenementyou go," -"TWifii tolerance for all who dwell. ifeelow."Slfeese faults of others then will' itfiwarf and shrink;Jlrresr eliain 'grow stronger by onemiighty lineH$TlB.v70ut with "he" as substitutelor "I,"" ISxtb stood aside and watched yourz". selves go by.VTHow'To Bridge The Ocean.' Hypji '.were in a foreign land and7Sk4riotseen our starry flag for sev-c -Tiraaottths and suddenly rested yourcjfncBpom it as it floated to m the.AKefcS you would feellike makingr-5Soiybsur'own pledge and help everyTnan, woman; and' 'child 'do likewisewO Jtheir wn, and what, is more,apuWuia'do it. Your flag is just.sm aut;If,ul at home and just now.H-JtrTiflmlTtftr 'protection Trour dollarsr-jta&sgfareftt; so why not do your bitMJtt&tter how small and no matter' "Hn7r;13'HLr. Minth are welcome and, ? jfceeqed. v-iEfce -Army and Navy are all right.7 t'lt'Sfc'the" stay-at-homes- who need at-SeaiBon. If we keep up our end,Qrre will be no trouble with thewaS. "over there." The direct way!Sbr yea to do your part is to makeigoofl. on your pledge and see thatt others do the same.Phank your stars that you have"3Bred in this glorious age when yourmidraneans so much to the countless:?gaeratio-ns which will bless yourrbrk as they enjoy the liberty yourtrork' brought them. You will be-proud to tell your grandchildren you"loaned the Government every cent3fou -could spare.lEvery stamp you buy helps build-XieA)ridge of ships across the At,36anlYc, and" at the same time helpsuil'd in your character the old-fash-3evirtue of thrift.-On The Job All The Time"The mistaken idea has gone'through, Paris and Bourbon county-ht ,the War Savings Stamp Cam"awugB ended on June 28, with the end.of-:Jhe Pledge Card drive. This is'Entirely wrong. In fact, the Pledget-Criddrive simply started the intensivework of the campaign. All thepledges which were given during therivejmist be made good before De-emer 31. 1918.It oes not take a prophet to seethat this means work for the WarSavings Stamp Director and his as-istants. Kentucky must-make good.The citizens of-our-State, at the re--uet of President Wilsdh and Secreliary McAdoo, and In pursuance of the'proclamation .of Governor Stanley andttMjprd$r ofStaefmtorraame B.Brown?haVD nteaered thftjlukitedb&tes that,Ken?uckyifcrfll sufplfttheGoyemmeat with moitthlj? incomefrom this State by the purchase ofWar Savings Stamps. It is as important that this pledge be madegood as it is to have our soldiers onthe French front.On June 28th Kentucky told Secretary McAdoo that he could depend on us for the amount we pledged. Now we are to make our promise good and the sooner we do it themore honor to the State. Yourpledge on that card means that youwill supply some of the bullets to defend . the. American flag. Thatpledge means that you are back ofthe boys in France with your sav-1ings and that you will release to theGovernment the material and the labor that this money would havebought if you spent it."On Account of The War."Various rumors are being circulated in regard to drastic rules tobe laid down during the coming winter by the Government Food and FuelAdministrations. It is certain thatthe "heatless" days will again be invogue. Another rumor has it thatretail stores will only be allowed toTemain open six hours a day and that'groceries will be limited to one delivery a week to a single home, atwhich time all heavy groceries willbe delivered. In the retail clothing,stiff collars and shirt fronts will bea thing of the pastT All new shirtsare being made soft so that theymay be laundered without starch.Local clothing stores are showingadvanced styles in fall and wintersuits and these garments are drasticexamples of the effect of the war.Prices are not only much higher, butquality is lower. All suits are madeto fit almost like military uniforms,with few pockets and very littlelining.All forecasts of economic conditions for the coming winter seem toindicate that before the winter isover, the seriousness of the mightyconflict in which the nation is engaged will be brought home to thehigh and the low alike.INSIDIOUS HUff PROPAGANDAEncouraging the feeling that thewar will soon be ended, now thatthe Yanks are in the field in forceand taking the offensive, is one 'ofthe most insidious and, effectiveforms of present day Hun propaganda. And almost every day youhear it, in most cases unconsciouslybeing set forth.For the average person who advances this idea, and possibly reallybelieves it, is unconsciously playingthe Hun game.He is just as unconsciously a Hunvictim; one who is later to berudely awakened, disappointed andpossibly disheartened.Which is exacttly what the Hunpropagandists desire.The end of the war isn't in sightby any means.Only in one short sector along theSwiss border is the fight on Germansoil.Germany still holds nearly all ofBelgium, a great broad section ofNorthern France, thousands of milesof .Russia, and her control of the Balkans is absolute.Before the end can come all thismust be wrested from her.The finish must be fought on German soil., Uncle Sam isn't deluded. Neitheri3 England nor France. Nowhere ispreparation for greater effort thanever before diminished.Uncle Sam is planning right nowto raise. $18,000,000,000 .for thenext year's war expenses. Planningto increase , the army to 5,000,000nlen.' -Getting ready to carry the fighthome to the Hun.So don't be deceived by the Hun-inspired talk of an early nnisn.Don't be discouraged by this Huninspired talk of an early finish.Don't be discouraged if the Hundoesn't throw up the sponge beforehe reaches the Rhine.. Wheneveryou" hear of this sort, explain whatit means.And meantime strengthen yoursavings" account for the Fourth Liberty Loan.fa TSl TBREAL ESTATE DEALSMr. Clarence Wright, of nearParis, recently purchased of hisbrother, Mr. James W. Wright, of Ft.Worth, Texas, the latter's undividedinterest in the old farm,' known asthe Willis Wright farm, located onthe Lexington pike, near Paris, at a(private price, his 'gives M. "Wrightpossession of the entire place, comprising something over four hundredteres of land.Mr. Frank Judy, of Leesburg, Harrison county, purchased this week oflMr. Thomas Dillon, the latter's unimproved farm of 100 acres, locatednear Little Bock, and adjoining thelands of Mr. Charles Walls, for $11,0Q0. The sale was -negotiatedthrough the firm of Harris & Speakes,of this city.The same agency this week soldthe one-story frame building onEighth street adjoining the coloredBaptist church, and belonging toSherman Coleman, colored, forv$800.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold forraster Commissioner Oscar T. Hinon, the residence located at the corner of Second street "and Houston"i venue, the property of Mrs. GreenClay, to Mr. CalY,rt- Meng, of nearSParis. for $5,009. Mr. Mehg andfamily will occupy the homeV"LiJUCi fV 1JAiklV JLABiPF$VA leading partfin sifinthC3largest wheat&roj?Wthehisbry pfcKeJntucky was' taken by volunteer v workers from the towns and cities located in the' important wheat growingdistricts of the State. The volunteers were organized through the efforts of the College of Agricultureof the University of Kentucky and'included telephone linemen, streetcar operators, salesmen, barbers,draymen, doctors, ministers, lawyers, county and town officials andothers.Reports coming into the .CollegeFarm Labor Qfflce indicate the success of .the movement m every section where it was used. In Fayettecounty the. volunteers furnished helpin- the "wheat 'harvest and threshing 1to the extent of 405 days' work. AtOwensboror nearly 200 went out andhelped in the harvest fields. A fewdevoted their entire vacations to thework; others went out for one or twodays at a time. Most of them had hadprevious farm experience nd wereable to fall in behind the' wheatbinder and shock almost as well asthe best of the farmers' regularhands. Those who were inexperienced were placed with the experienced men and were thereby enabled to do acceptable-work. .Farmers were at first inclined tolaugh at the idea of using city menfor farm work, but as reports of satisfactory service came in from farmers the attitude of skepticism disappeared and by the end of the wheatthreshing not less than thirty farmers in Fayette county alone had called upon the Reserve for help. Moreover, they were glad to pay fullfarm wages to the volunteers.In less than half a dozen casesdid the unusual exertion and heatprove too much for the volunteerworkers and the trouble in these fewcases was only temporary. In thefuture, volunteers will be encouraged to harden their muscles by workin their gardens and by other outdoor exercise, so that they will beequal to the most strenuous farmwork. Plans are being perfected bythe College of Agriculture to Increase 'the membership of the Emergency Reserve so that It will Includeall able-bodied men in the villages,towns and cities of the State. Menwho have had farm experience willconstitute Class I of the Reserve.All others capable of doing farmwork but lacking in experience willbe enrolled in Class 2.J5J flfclSELECT GRADUATES OF ARTJL-EERY.-OIEICERS TRAININGSCHOOL.Men who will, make up the graduating class of the Field Artillery ce;ntral'offlcers' training sohool and who'will receive their commissions Aug.17 have been selected by the commanders. A board to determine therelative rank and seniority of members in this first graduating class will'consist of the following ofilcers:President, Major, William C. Crane;Major J. E. McMahan, Major F. A.Hicks and First Lieutenant Henry C.Hutchins. In fixing these standingsthe board will have weekly ratingsturned in by the- various batterycommanders. The work of the student officers, it is announced, has metall expectations. Lieut. LindsayFitch, Kentucky secretary of the military training camps- association, announced that Major E. H. Williamswill arrive in Louisville, August 13;to examine candidates for the engineer corps of the United States- army.No one will be given a final examination who has not filled out an application blank, sent it to-Washingtonand been notified by them td- appear for examination.Pi I waNEW ROADS BEING COMPLETEDIN CLARKAutoists who use the Clark: countyroads will be pleased to learn of thecompletion of reconstruction work- onthe Pine Grove pike from Pine Groveto the Bourbon county line, two andthree-quarter miles in length. Theclosing of this gap will greatly facilitate travel in that section ofClark and the corresponding sectionof Bourbon county.Work has also begun on the ClarkBourbon county road, better knownas the VanMeter pike. Two milesof this reconstruction work was begun last year and is not yet completed. The road goes westward toa connection wjth the above-mentionedPine Grove-Bourbon pike, ending near the W. A. Florence farm.BAN ON SALE'OFCOAL FOR ST0R-.AGE PURPOSESIn a letter received Tuesday byCounty Fuel Administrator James H.Thompson, from State Fuel Administrator Wiley Bryan, at Louisville,he was advised!, that a. great curtailment of the distribution of coalthroughout this part of the countryis necessary on account of heavy.shipments of .coal to the Great Lakesand Gulf portsfor bunker purposes.This order will last until November 1. After that date a plentifulsupply of coal' will be -availableagain, but until then all the CountyFuel Administrators are advised togive out orders for coal for immediate use only, and not for storagepurposes.m m 1A wounded soldier asked whatbad surprised himmost in the, battle zone told, of finding a robin'snest in an empty -shell case. v - .J rrrrrc wmTr AT ITs " ,-JAMJAGltlnr "CULTXnLAi. OflMGE PXO-EESSfBWSEBJmiltaS ATI" 35XAMP:t ?Mi Mlmbers ot tlfe Faculty of theUniversity of Kentucky took a prominent part in saving the wheat cropin the territory surrounding Lexington. The Faculty men workedshoulder to shoulder with farmersand their regular help, and withshopmen and , business . men whoworked as volunteer farm labors. Anumber of the college faculty gave-up their Fourth of July holiday andspent the day in helping farmersthresh their wheat. The Registrarof the University sacked fifteen hundred bushels of wheat', working fromseven o'clock in the morning untildark. Teachers in the summer Rrhnnlin several cases' gave up their Saturday holiday or half-holidays, forwork on the farm.When a solution of the FarmLabor shortage was undertaken bythe College" of Agriculture early 'inthe present year a careful study ofthe situation was made and the conclusion was reached that the solution of the farm labor problem rested primarily with the farmers themselves. It was pointed out thatfarmers must take up slack, must or-,ganize their work more carefully, andmust work harder and more effectively themselves if the call of theGovernment for increased food production Vas to be met successfully.4The College could .make this callupon the farmers without' apologyfor the reason that the college staffwere already doing what they wereasking the farmers to do. Longhours and hard work had become arule throughout the college departments, every one of which was loaded to' the guards with emergency warwork. With this spirit evident inthe men leading the farm labor movement, they were able with goodgrace to urge. farmers to speed upand to increase their efficiency to thelimit. -It was not a case of "letGeorge do it," and farmers werequick to respond to the appeal fofgreater exertion. tJfis fe sAFFLICTED FRANCE CALLS FORAMERICAN HELPERSUnder the flags aged refugees sitwaiting, hoping to get the home villages again."Just to die at home," sighed oneord, old man, and the wish seemedechoed by the understanding nods. of.nearby beads. ,They will get home again, hundreds of refugees in France and Italy.The American Red Cross, through itsDepartment of Civilian Relief, isseeing to that with all possible speed.But it will take time.There are so many refugees, somewho were driven ahead of the guns atthe time: of the great drives, somewho stayed and were taken prisoners and are now Vbeing returnedthrough Switzerland they very oldand the children those who cannotwork.Twelve hundred a day pour acrossthe frontier. Some are claimed bywaiting friends, but at least five hundred a day come in, without moneywithout friends, with only the American-Red Cross to- tell them whichway to turn. In all, 1,460,000 uprooted' "people in France alone willhave to be taken care of in some way."The need for trained workers isinexpressibly great in all there arenow only about 2,000 workers inFrance from America, 2,000 to helpa-'whole nation of people, just to dropin the bucket.'" vEarnestly, Miss Margaret Curtis,Associate Chief of the Bureau of Refugees, American Red Cross in France,made this plea for seasoned workers,in several' cities of the Lake DivisionRed Cross territory on a recent tourto recruit workers for Civilian Relief work In France.WEARING OP RED CROSS UNIFORM STRICTLY LIMITED. ,The only outdoor uniforms sanctioned for use by members of RedCross Chapters are for Canteen andMotor Service, and these are permitted to be worn only in the performance of such particular Red Crossservice.A recent letter received from theActing General Manager states thatit is entirely contrary to the desireof National Headquarters for RedCross workers to wear any uniformsother than those authorized by Washington, and that in no "event shouldany branch or auxiliary adopt a uniform without the consent of itschapter.In no case should uniforms unauthorized by the Division Managerbear the Red Cross .insignia; by insignia is meant the Red Cross or theletters A. R. C. -This action was made necessary bya growing tendency on the part ofmembers of branches and auxiliariestowear uniforms of original design.. Such uniform could' not have beendesigned by their wearers for use InRedCrossr-service, since 'all branchesof the service for which uniforms aredeemed desirable' are provided for inA. R. C. 403, and the wearing ofthese unauthorized uniforms as street.costumes is entirely contrary to thedemocratic spirit of the Red Cross.. New Mexico has a lizard whichte reputed' "to fequtrt blood from itseyes j. .- '....'KlMBHUirGUPa. -WW RtTUItOir BESTCojts But.4t IctiomlWhat WeakerfliNPktions Mil Fi-A SpoonfulIn a Glass of Water a Dose.The absolute proof that medicinalIron would help thff blood -andstrengthen people wonderfully hascaused many chemists to perfectmore or less efficient iron tonics andmore or less efficient tablets.For -most people, however, the writer would say -that just plain highlyconcentrated Acid Iron Mineral isbetter, far cheaper and stronger andgoes from two to six times as far.. A bpttle of 'Acid Tron Mineral, kepthandy and a teaspoonful poured in agljass of drinking-water after meals,makes a delightful, verv imiisimi andhighly, beneficial tonic and strength-eutjiyjwm it we Diooct needs-enrichingand purifying it' would be hard tofind anything Jhat does it better orrids the system of rheumatism andkindred 'ailments quicker than justplain concentrated Acid Iron Mineral,which is the name for non-alcoholicnatural iron.It also has a beneficial effect uponappetite and digestion, and the kidneys soon show its effects.(Note: ) A-T-M does- not act as alaxative and should one be needed tostimulate "the liver or bowels a goodlaxative tablet like A-r-M Liver Pillsis recommended. (adv-T-tf)For Sale by BROOKS & SNAPP.- 1BftvBi BKENTUCKY ' CREAMERY ANDTESTERS LICENSE LAW.The law. passed at the recent session of the Kentucky Legislature(Chapter 74, Acts of 19-1&) requiresevery creamery, milk station, icecream factory, etc., buying milk orcream on the basis of the butter-fatcontent,"" to employ a licensed testerfor the purpose of making the Babcock tests.It is provided that a license shallbe issued by the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station upon presentation of the certificate of proficiency given by the ExaminationBoard. The holder of such, certificate of proficiency may secure alicense as a licensed tester by presenting said certificate, togetherwith the license fee of two? dollarsto Thomas Cooper, Director of theKentucky' Agricultural ExperimentStation, Lexingtonff Ky.Certificates' of proficiency may beobtained by taking an examinationgiven by the Examinaing Board' andpassing the same satisfactorily. Anexamination will-be h.eld at the Kentucky ,Agriculturar Experiment Station, Lexington,. Ky., beginning- September 17 1918.Persons desiring to take this examination with the view to'becoming-1licensed testertf.under.the law, shouldsecure, applicath)n.flanks from Processor J." J. Hooper, 1 University ofitentucky, Lexington, Ky., fill outthe same and return at once. Beginning on September 17th about 30,applications will be examined5 each;dayThe examination will consist ofwritten or oral tests, also laboratory-work will' be given to- test the applf- fcant's skill and knowledge in testing such samples as mhk, cream;skim milk, ice cream, etc., for thepercentage of butter fat by the Battcock test.A circular of information relativeto the Kentucky Creamery and' Tester's License Law, containing a copyof the law and the rules and regulations, is now-in press and may-Besecured as soon as printed by writting to Thomas Cooper, Director ofthe Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station, Lexington, Ky.TO IMPROVE YOUR MGESTTOIT."For1 year3 my digestion was- so:poor' that I couidAeat'r only .the lfghtjest foods. I tried everything- thatI heard, of to get relief; but not un-til about a year ago when- T saw'Chamberlain's tablets advertisedand' got a bottle of 'then did' I findthe right treatment. Since takingthem my digestion is flnei.'11 Mrs.Blanche Bowles, Indiana, Fa.(adv-aug)DEATH-DEALING "DEAD-MAN'SCURVE" TOBE STRAIGHTENED1"Dead Man's Curve," on the Lexington pike, about six miles fromParis, will soon -pass1 out dfrexistence,as a dangerous place for automobilesa authorization has been given byCounty Judge Frank- Bullock, ofLexington, to Mr. J". M. Corbin,County Engineer of Fayette county,to straigMen the pike at that point,and to eliminate the dangerous curvewhich has been the scene of so manyaccidents- in the past.County Engineer Corbin statedthat it is the plan to straighten outthe pike and take out the curve soas to have the pike as It was originally built some years ago. He alsosaid that he had been authorizedto have three -openings at the pointwhere the road 'goes" under the rail-road rbridge, none for the interurbancars, "and One ,fot, the trafiBe runningto the right and-left over tlie road.Mr. Corbin said that work would begin on the curve almost immediatelyand' that he expected to complete thework, of making' plans, specificationsand drainage plans required for thepurpose in about fifteen days.This action was taken by JudgeBullock "Wednesday, after he hadordered the County" Road Engineerto prepare estimates of the cost ofstraightening out the road. Thetraveling' public who are compelledto use the road will hail this newswith delight, as the elimination ofthis deadly curve will remove one ofthe greatest menaces to safety onwhole line.'France is the best forelen natronof the United Statj patent office,'with Great "Brltalnfollowlnr closely." ImZAJETH 3. GILTIEPiano and Tiolia,Studio 227 Seyenth Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PARIS, KY.(13ayg-lmo)WANTED.Second hand furniture and stovesgas or coal, cookers and heaterq'Home phone 360. '(16-3t) J. m. ELVOVE.WANTEDRegistered drug clerk, wJth references. AddressyTHE FATETTH DRUG CO164t) Lexington, Ky.For Sale!Several second hand automobilein fine condition, among them aBuick, Oakland and Allen. The Allen is as good as new.. Cars can beseen at Paris Garage. Call CurabPhone 881.H. L. MITCHELL.(16-2t)For RentModern cottage of six rooms;bath; gas; electric lights; garagenext to Twelfth and High streets 'DR. F. P. CAMPBELL,t PSris, Ky.Cumberland Phone 142.(28-tf)Farm For Rent.My farm of 556 acres, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, in Bburboncounty. Privilege to seed this fall.None but perfectly reliable-partiesateed apply. Money rent.W. E. HD3LER;312 E. High Street,.(6-tf) Lexington, Ky.For Rent.Nice Main street flat In secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA LYONS',.. 2-tf) 918 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWei pay highest prices for ixoojunkr' kies and wool.' -MUN5CH &' WIDES & COi,.Eighth St., Paris, -Ky.Cumb. Phone ZV4.(23-tf)IWt NeglectYour Eyes."Ohv mother, I see lights inv thesky." And this child, after visitingan; optometrist, saw the stars for-thefirst tfme. His mother, though? astrostg; woman, broke down audi weptto tMnfc s&e had neglected the: childso long. Father, mother, ace yougoing to allow your child to be thusneglected'j. when an examination oftheir eyes will reveal his or her trueCbndirJonir Over 50 per cent, of'cftiTdTen: kave defective vision in.soring wasy- Better bring your childto us for a thorough, scientific exanrinationv Will not advise glassesuMess 'absolutely "necessary.peri Saturday evenings? untilo'clock.ftr Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.Wanted-Jank."We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00 per hundredpounds."Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 er hundred pounds.- Heavy 'Coppery 23e perlpound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.-Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c ner pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots jtfncT Shoes', 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound,f Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c perfpound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, $2.po.Full "Wooled Sheepskins,. $300.' Shearlings,-$r,50.All F: O. B. Lexington.e'also purchase 'old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest' price. Send us samples.SPEYIltSON,Lxiktoii-Ky..,1S-.,-PS.i,1-IITUESDAY. AUGUST, 2Q, 1918THS BftURBtHtitm. niafeY1 ir- X.IX&gtt.Omifll'3aHHWiWylWpiimimm lsBBiMEBLETTERS FROM ?B0UP0 XQUNWSOLDIERSANIXMIL)RS-pais ia is pa p m m m m m mFor the first time since he left in France, under date of July 13, isthe old home land, America, for the as follows:mist-laden shores of merry England, I "Somewhere in France,Paris relatives of Mr. Baldwin I "July 13, 1918.Woods, of this city, have heard in "Dear Miss Woods:detail from him. Mr. Woods, who is j "Received a letter from you which3 member of the Dr. Barrow Base was addressed to Laurel, but I reHospital Unit No. 40, writes to his ceived it just about three thousandmother, Mrs. Jack Woods, as follows:"Somewhere in England.My Dear Mother:"No doubt you think I have forgotten you, but such is not the case. I-,ould have written sooner but cir-cumstances permitted me not to JTvrite as I have been on my way for ,co long and haven't reached our aes-;tination yet."We certainly did enjoy the trip?rross the rag-time sea. I will beable to tell you more about it when j3 get back than I can now. The , tion to you. I am quite sure it wascountry that we traveled over is one of the first things he mentioned,simply beautiful, the scenery and all , If he did not, I am sure he will. Ithat They say the hospital that we fiave written about twenty letters toare going to take charge of is a big all my friends in the States, andmanor with two hundred acres of ; honestly it is just like writing onegrounds with all kinds of conven- letter and copying the rest you.ences on it. I cannot say whether , hardly know what to write about-ae are going to stay in England or . first you see so much.France. "I guess the thing that will inter-"I hope everybody at home is well est you most is how the tide of batand happy. Give all a big kiss for ' tie is on the side of the world whereme, and tell all my friends hello and , it actually it. It is the positive factto drop me a letter once in a while, J now that the Allies are just handingand to write every week as the mail out to the Huns the best drubbingservice is very slow. j they ever received, just keeping them"Well, as I haven't very much to , on the steady retreat. My opinion is.rite, as they are very interested in that if the Allies make the progresshat you write, but you know that , they have in the last month they1 could write you a book full but , will have the Huns out of Francecannot write it. I will have to close in a very short while. But do notthis time and I am going to expect . understand me to say that we havea big letter from you all very, very,Kon.''Lovingly, your son,"BALDWIN."THE NEWS has received the fol-!, z ,-;, fr.nm tit. Ai.imans. Great credit must be given ourJUWlllg i;uillllluilllai.iJU liuai Atii. .can-bert Wachs, of Paris, who is stationed at the Artillery PracticeRange at West Point, Ky., asamember of the 326th Field Artillery."Wachs asks the prayers of the people of Paris and Bourbon county forthe Bourbon county boys in the ser-: - n 7,vi,,.,r rp,,.,,!. a fVice 3., Vjcllujj iLiOAiiicii ,) ia;iui a. ii vi atWest Point."West Point, Ky.,-" "August 11, 1919."To the Good People of BourbonCounty, Ky."The 326th Field Artillery, inwhich the first of the Bourbon boysare stationed, now encamped at WestPoint, Ky., is about to leave this vicinity for parts unknown to them.1 am taking the liberty to wTrite thisitem, to be printed in the papers of & N. train dispatcher's forces reParis. jcently received an interesting letter"The sons of Bourbon county are from Cornelius (Buddie) James, ofabout to go 'somewhere overseas,' , Paris, who is now in France. Mr.for the purpose of doing Bourbon James is stationed in a French portcounty's 'bit.' on the U. S. S. Rernlik, a converted"We know not what is in store ht doi foreign service. Mr.for us in the trenches of this greatwar. This is a war for principleand Bourbon's boys will do their "A French Port, July 28, 1918part '"Dear Friend Charles:"We. 'the bovs from home,' do not . "Your letter came yesterday and Iknow what minute we will be calledby Our Lord from this earth, andalthough a great many of us havebecome better since we have been inthe army, we are but very few readyto meet Our Lord and Savior."I earnestly ask you, the citizensof Paris and of the county, whetheryou are church members or not, toWay incessantly for the boys 'from Ihome.'"Each one of us is the son of somemother and we need your prayers,for 'Jesus alone can save us.' Wemust trust in Him never tiring,never ceasing."Some of the boys may not comeback and they are the ones who willneed your prayers."Hoping you will render this greatservice to the 'boys from home,"I am sincerely,"ALBERT C. WACHS,"326 F. A., Bat. A.,"West Point, Ky.From far-away France Miss JuliaWoods, of Paris, has received an interesting letter from Private FrankL. Talbott, of the 57 th EngineerCorps, U. S. Army, a part of the4merican Expeditionary Force. Theletter, written from an army campMICKIE SAYS"TWE SCr Ct PAPERS) VCMfcN POKE FON fcT US PERTELUrV 'BOVjf PAUL JONES'NEY4 CHCK6N COOP?AU. FER UO OV3FF BOO-fBLTS POrAPEfc.fr.ANt4 VW, j"PIFFLE", WtVMXrV THE PP&Nt p LOfTA OTHER )TEKS LAKE fttAf , NfCtt )THErA CTN PAPERSPttVVA-f. oo vMP ROSS ? s., f" (hopeT)N004tfStC. aS'- UJbl&Tsmc1 IMlmSaS&fh1 'SOCIAL -AND PERSONAlTCIVIVm m m 31 m m m fs i m . mmiles from the said place in the landthat Baldwin is at present. I leftthe States just about three weeksafter he did. We surely did havefine sailing weather all the wavLacross, except for a few days of fogand rain. The transport we wereon was a very steady-sailing boat,ana tor tnis reason but few of theboys were sea-sick."I suppose Baldwin has told you ofthe exquisite railroads coaches werode on and described their construea Cinch of a job to do so, as nearly lall of us realize It will take a goodwhile and hard fighting a plenty."All the boys are in a happy moodand seem just eager to get thechance to get their 'crack at the Ger-like veterans of old,.1 ".as yet i nave not oeen aoie tomeet up with Baldwin, and I hopeif I have to meet him only by having to receive the attention of hiscompany, it will be a long time be-fore I do, although I would like tosee uiiir,"Well, I will close this letter forthis time, but will try to write oneof more interest the next time. Willbe glad to hear from you any timeyou may have time to write."Yours truly,"PVT. FRANK L. TALBOTT,Co. A., 57th Engrs.,"American E. P."Mr. Chas. W. Fithian, of the L.was very glad to hear from you. Ithought you had forgotten me. Thatis the first letter I have gotten fromhome in two months; a couple morecame to-day."I guess you have heard that theship to which I vas formerly attached was torpedoed and sunk July 1,and that I have been transferred tothe U. S. S. Remlik, yacht doing1 foreign service, to be here probablya year or more."It was very calm and still, a little light, when we were struck,which answers for the small loss oflife. Out of a crew of 749 men onlysix were lost. Well, I guess I hadbetter give the destroyer commanderwho picked us up a great share ofcredit as he defied every danger topick us up. We were in the boatsabout three hours and about twelvehours on the destroyer before wereached . When hit, we werein a convoy of eight transports a-ndseven destroyers and I must saythat the U-boat commander musthave been very game to come up andtake a shot at us. There was oneother fellow from home on board theCovington, a fellow by the name ofRobinson. His father lives out onSidney Clay's . old place. Well, Iguess you are getting tired of hearing about that as it's more likely youhave read accounts in the papers so I Lwill talk about something else tnatmight interest you."I see where they have stoppedshipments of "wet goods" from Lexington. That sure must be hard ona bunch of those old rounders. Thisis the only place for an enlisted manwho wants to drink, for he can getall he wants, but I never touch it."I guess it's rather lonely in Parisnow with everybody in the 'outfit."You asked me about THE NEWS.Well, it looks as if our old friendshave overlociked me. I get a NEWSonce in a while, but that it not likegetting it regularly. I tell you thatthere is nothing like the 'hometown paper.' Ain't I right? As tocigarettes, the Y. M. C. A. keepsthem, so I generally have a few."I guess you know I am at theI same port fith Harold Harris, butI don't see him often."When I come to think of it, it'stoo bad Johnnie Stuart had to goforth and endure the hardships ofwar. It won't be' long, however, before he will have the army full ofnunch-boards, hurdy-gurdys, etc.. "I hopemy friend 'Broadway' Jonesis still alive and beating the ponies."I feel like writing anothercouple of pages, but am afraid youwill have a hard time translatingthis, so will close."Your friend,"BUDDIE.""C. W. James, sU. S. S. Remlik,14 w f,- 4Care Postmaster, ft A ,New York City. fc . ; 'yrConings amd Goiafin of Ourreopie Here, Tnere andElsewhereRev. and Mrs. John Jav Rice returned yesterday from 'their bridaltrip.Mrs. William Cooper is a guestof her father, Mr. Litsey, in Harrodsburg. Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bell have asguests Mr. John Colvin, of Haven-port, Iowa.Mr. Harlan Green, of Peoria,111., is a guest of Miss Will Stewart,in North Middletown.Mrs. Alvin Davis, of Covington,was a week-end guest of friends andrelatives in this city.Attorney Oscar T. Hinton leftSaturday morning for Wichita Falls,Texas, on a business mission.Mrs. Otis Ballou has returnedto her home in Versailles after avisit to Mrs. F. E. Faulkner, in thiscity.Rev. C. R. Miller and familyhave returned from Cynthiana, wherehe has just closed a successful revival. Misses Louise and MargaretMartin, of this city, are visiting theiraunt, Mrs. Russell Dyche, in London, Ky.Mr. Jos. H. Meyers, of Cincinnati, is a guest of his uncle, Dr. F.P. Campbell, and Mrs. Campbell, onHigh street.Mrs. Fayette Ardery and MissCarolyn Roseberry have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Georgetown.Mrs. Reynolds Letton was called Friday to Adairville, Ky., by theserious illness of her brother, Dr.Marshall Marcum.Mr. George Wilson has returnedto his home near this city, after avisit to his son, Sparks Wilson, nearEagle Pass, Texas.Mrs. A. B. Lovell, of Eighthstreet, was taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, inJthiJj city, Fridayafternoon, for treatment.Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin and !daughter, Miss Blanche Griffin, leftSaturday for a visit to Mrs. RachelGriffin, in Fairview, Ohio.Miss Buenavista Ward has returned to her home in London, Ky.,after a visit to her uncle, Mr. A. C.Amyx, and family, on Main street.Mr. Will Pryor, a former resident of Bourbpn county, now engaged in farming in Shelby county,is a guest of relatives in the county.Thomas Henry Clay, son of Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,continues very ill of typhoid feverat the home of his parents, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Judyleft Sunday for a trip to New York.From there they will go to Pawtucket, Rhode Island, to visit relatives. Mr. H. S. Towler, of the Louisville & Nashville, was called to Henderson, Ky., last week by the seriousillness of his father, Mr. W. M.Towler.Miss -Martha Talbott, .daughterof Mr. and Mrs. William GarrardTalbott, of "Mt. Lebanon," is visiting Miss Eleanor Daniels, in Covington.Miss Rachel Sabree and MissMary Calvert have returned to theirhomes in Louisville, after a visit toMrs. Redmon Talbott and Mrs. A. S.Trimble.Master Hal Woodford Steelehas returned to his home in Lexington, after a visit to his aunts, MissesLou and Anna Woodford, on Winchester street.Mrs. Laura Layson, Mr. D. E.Clarke and children, Miss Laura andson, James Clarke, of Millersburg,have gone to Sask, Canada, for anextended stay.Misses Elizabeth Cox, of Bowling Green, and Mary Allie McAllister, of Lexington, guests of Mr. andMrs. Clyde Huffman, have returnedto their homes.' Mr. and Mrs. John A. Bower,Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Marshall, ofParis, and Miss Elizabeth Curie, ofCynthiana, are at Graham Springsfor a week's stay.Among the guests registered atthe Oil Springs Hotel, at Oil Springs,in Clark county, last week were Mr.and Mrs. Harry B. Fithian and MissAlberta Myers, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Fayette Arderywere hosts last week to Mrs. BessieFinnell, Misses Eloise and Marybelle Finnell, of Georgetown, and Mr.Spencer Finnell, of Covington.Mr. Fred Frendberg, formerly amember of the Louisville & Nashvillecivil engineer corps at this point, isvisiting friends here. Mr. Frendberg is now a resident of Birmingham, Alabama.-Mr. and Mrs. John Burris. ofnear Paris, have as guests their sonand daughter-in-law, Mr. and Mrs.Tripp, of Nebraska. The former isengaged in army Y. M. C. A. work inone of the army cantonments in Nebraska. Miss Ruth Orr has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Louisville and Southern Kentucky. She was accompanied homeby Miss Elizabeth Orr, of Louisville,who will be a guest of Rev. B. F.Orr and family, on Stonei avenue.Miss Marie Cooper, of Elkton,Ky., is a guest of Miss Thelma Miller,on Sixteenth street. Misses Millerand Cooper attended the banquetgiven "in Lexington by the KentuckyAssociation of County and CircuitCourt Clerks. . They were guests on,that occasion of President John Goodwin. The United Commercial Travelers' Column in the Sunday LexingtonLeader has the following regarding Paris men: " 'Babe' Gatrell, aprominent merchant of Midway, hadan engagement with T3en Downey tomeet iTiim in Lexington the pastweek, but failed to show up. Bensays he will not tell him any morefish stories for a month .... Dan. Jordan, a merchant of Paris, was inLexington the past week attendingthe grocers' convention .... RobertGoggins, representing the BryanHunt Company, was in Lexington,Saturday. Mr. Goggins lives inParis." , il" (Other Personals on Pge55.)REVERTEDt TO5 WEFerret's Night Off an Orgy ofSlaughter.Little Killer Left Thick Trail of DeadWhich He Had Destroyed for thePure Joy of Slaying, andWent Home.His mother was a ferret, lean, yellow and pink eyed and a she devilto boot, says a writer in London Answers. I His father was worse, a wild polecat of the mountains, and a worsedevil than ever.But he, the cherub, was so soft andfurry and fat and creamy, and, thoughhe had got pink eyes, there seemedto be nothing else of his mother andfather about him. He never bit, henever spat, and he never used bad language, and he lived upon bread andmilk, like a gentleman.So he was till the spring broke.It was their own fault, the ferreters. , They took him out rabbiting, asusual. They put a collar with a bellon round his neck, as usual, and along, long string on the collar, asusual, and they turned him into arabbit warren, as usual. And hesneezed three times, as usual, and howalked docilely down the first rabbithole he came to, as usual, to turn outthe rabbits from their burrows, asusual, that the sportsmen outsidemight shoot them as they bolted.So far, until he got Into the middleof the mazes of tunnels, the inky darknesses, and the stuffy heat, full ofthe smell of castor oil don't knowwhy, by the way and he could hearthe drumming of rabbits' feet fleeingJ2gfcj JW s jjhosjtly terrible self, everything happened as usual. Then nothing(Mr - n.He was plilled up with a jerk thatnearly choked him. He tried going forward, but it was all no good. Hehad only a yard of play either way.His line was entangled in a root.The hours passed, and the ferreters,after trying every device known toman to get him out, gave it up andveiif hmne. The cherub did not giveit u". He worried slowly, arid hechand, he pulled, and tugged, hebacked, and he sweated, and hesneezed, and finally his collar cameundone or broke.The cherub sneezed three times, andvwalked three yards. Then he realizedhe was free. It was the first time inall his life he had been free, and itacted upon him. In that second hismother, plus his father, got to workIn his own body, and he began.It was really very clean killing. Fifteen rabbits done to death, each with aTsfngle, clean fang 'stroke behind theears was not so bad for one smallferret. But he improved, for he slew20 In the next hour leaving everycarcass untouched where it lay and,getting thirsty, came above ground forwater. The water he did not find, butdiscovered fowls in a fowlhouse instead, and, as I said, being thirsty,drank blood. There were no livefowls in that hen roost when he left.He visited the hutches of the Belgianhares, which he slew, and the pigeoncote, where he got more blood.After that he returned a mile acrosscountry, killing three partridges onthe way; drank at the dog's troughbiting the dog badly in the process twalked into his own hutch and wasfound curled up, calmly asleep, amongthe hay next morning.' Rabbit Meat for Wartime Food.' Wartime conservation of beef andpork has enabled a Kansan to developa rather extraordinary business In themarketing of wild rabbits, both jacksand cottontails. A rabblt-packtng planthas been established and is now shipping frozen bunnies by the tens ofthousands.A recent contract called for 4S0.000pounds of jackrabbit meat. The jacksaverage four pounds each whendressed. This means that approximately 120,000 rabbits were required to fillthe order.The fur is disposed of at a handsomeprofit. It is used in the manufactureof higtegrade felt, such as enters intothe making of men's hats.All waste products are convertedinto fertilizer. The industry also ridsthe country of a crop-destroying pest.Popular Mechanics Magazine.Teaching the Boys to Sing.A distinguished young" musician recently joined the English -army 'for thepurpose of teachirtg the boys to sing.Attached to the rojal air force, he hasbeen commissioned to train the men atthe various centers in choral singing,thus dispensing with the necessity forbands. The effect upon the spirits, themorale and the discipline of the menhas been excellent. They have developed a keen interest in singing, andmany of them have been found, totheir own surprise, to possess excellent voices'. In view of the success ofthe movement, it will probably be extended to other branches of the army,especially where the formation of aband is out of the question.Improves Revolver.By providing the ordinary revolvertwith a circular cartridge frame or clip,'Joseph H. Wesson of Springfield,Mass., has given the older weapon allthe convenient features of the newerautomatic weapon ; that is, the rapidityot fire and quick reload. ' His clip,holding five or'six'eatridges in position,serves to push them into plnce in therevolver barrel at one'operationinstead of individual loading, as is ureally the case.,4INSURANCE!FIRE TORNADO AUTOMOBILE HAILWatch for the expiration of. your policiesand let us have some of your renewalsYERKES & PEEDAt Farmers & Traders Bank.SHIP YOUR GREAMDIRECTiTOiTHE,Sugar CreekLEXINGTON ,, . - - -fMinimum Shipping Ratel.Quick ReturnsTop Market Prices. IJLug 20-8tKentucky State FairLouisvMte - September 9-1SEPTEMBERSGRAND SUNDAY PRILIMIMARY PROGRAMTfurvln's Band of 40Chorus ofTwo Flightsf7BfiOO.QQ Total Prtnhmm fNJ610,1 16,000.00 Bnf Cvttle Show Sadctto Hotm Stale ftlQOOSOOSICMXUjOO.V. Fattad and Fading Cattfa Show...? ftJOj0O&O9tRUTH LAW AUTO POLO AJTOOftLE RACZSAerial Queen Sport Thriller Worfcfa Crack DriverDe Luxe Hippodrome Show Magnificent Mlday Special F-R. FateSend for Catalogue Foont T. Kremer, 8ee604 Republic Building, Louisville, Ky.L. and Ne Time-Table,(Effective July 12,TrainsNo.3410151174037'1233. 91383839161563213031210209FromAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:33 ancRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:30 akCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :65Qam?-Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:3"5; am.--Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40'J arm.Cincinnati, O., Daily ..JLOcDS"'. aanrLexington, Ky., Daily ...lOrlGj ami.Chicago, 111., Daily . .IffrfO amrMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . 5.40 putLexington, Ky., Daily .. 3:10 pnKhoxville, Tenn., Daily .. .. 3:15 corCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 prouLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:30" prreMaloney, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday '. 7:55 pmJacksonville Fla., Daily 8:32" pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10:20 piaCincinnati, O., Daily .- 10:28 piapaLexington, Ky., Sunday only . . ., 12:50 phlMaysville, Ky., Sunday only SOipm-.Train Depart t-For . 'LeaeCincinnati, O., Daily 5:41anxMMaloney, Ky., Daily Except Sunday &:55 ant.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . . i. 7:45 amiLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... .. ., 7-45 aireKnoxville, Tenn., Daily , 10:13 aire..Lexington, Ky., Daily x 10.:28" am;Jacksonville, Fla., Daily '. .. . ..v 10:27 aniLexington, Ky., Daily ; 3:25inptCincinnati, O., Daily . ' 3:25 pro. t.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . ' 5:57jnxRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 .. ... 6:00fpakMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40' pro: .Cincinnati, O., and Chicago, 111., Daily 8:20 prct -Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 10:35 pm.Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . . . 10:VS6 pm,Maysville, Ky., Sunday only 22:55. pm.-, tLexington, Ky., Sunday 'only 5:43prCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:39pm-'No.3415140171037133312938399163213131210209156P. and O- Time-TableTRAINSNo.2 Fnfnkfort, Ky., Daily Except4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except. . i TRAINS.5-ieJ r'No. ,?.'-',. ,3, Frankfort, Ky Daily, Excepts ; jiir ytCreameryKrtU3e"StftWorld Famed300 Voiceby Ruth LawmI.K '-F11918, at 12:01 a. m.)bArriveArrwer-ARRIVEFrom Arji'fSunday . 7 anSunday -5:,op paa-DEPARTStFor j 'VtAff, v-ai&sgrriajasaiSunday:. ..-. .4sL. . isiSfufH.- - .'. 'a.ariiSl!.V J 3CTVTW!- 9jrK"s- XTHE BOURBON NEWS, FAJUS, XT. "1134 VTUESDAY, AUGUST , 4iirthe Alamo The GrandShootHim!tWhat would you do ifthis hideous burglar ofthe niglit stood by yourwindow peering in, waiting to snatch your lovedones from you. SHOOTHIM? Of course youwould. That's whv America and Civilization must rid the world of thisoverbearing, autocratic, fiendish murderer ofhumanity.. The Beastof Berlinthe bloody beast who seeks to make the v worldGerman who seeks to destroy all that blocks hisinsane purposes. Go see "THE KAISER The Beastof Berlin.' It will make you a real American tvilljnake your blood boil.-fc?,v r-r, AUG. 27Special Morning Show at The AlamoTOPULAE CARLISLE GIRL TOSAIL FOE FRANCE.Miss Olive Robertson, of Carlisle,a talented violinist, who has appeared here several times in concert recitals, will sail from New York thisweek for France, where she will engage in Army T. M. C. A. work.Miss Robertson is the daughter ofthe late Solomon Robertson, who formore than twenty-five years wasClerk of the Nicholas Circuit Court.She is very popular here, where shehas many friends.PAIGE .AND .BRISCOE AUTOMOBILES.Special features of tbe Paige Car,self-grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of tie Briscoe are thesmall upkeep atfct economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstrations,(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent.a fe S fe' NEW AUTO OWNERS.The Phoenix Garage, of Lexington reports the sale of a Franklintouring car to the Bourbon Garage,of this city. The Kinkead-WilsonCo., of the same city, reports the saleof Maxwell touring cars to DewardJones and Tiny Graves, of thiscounty.AN OLD RELIC.7LJThislifcttracAluimmLiiLHolds Kcat-longeir-seamlga-rtd durable.'Particitba Houe-1wives use no otticrSpecial ilz&week.ummn Uummiiraj6QJea-Kettle$2.79T. W.SPICERFET'&While sorting over a lot of old papers at his home on Cypress street,recently, Mr. Will Dudley found aninteresting, relic in the shape of amarriage license issued in 1813. Thedocument, yellowed with passage ofyears, is printed on strong parchment, and the writing is still fairlylegible. The document is worded asfollows:"Bourbon County, Set.:"ANY minister of the Gospel legally authorized, is hereby licensed tocelebrate the rites of marriage between Elias Duncan and Barsheba.Hughes, of the county aforesaid, andthis shall be his sufficient warranttherefor. Witness William Garrard,Jr., Clerk of the County Court forthe county aforesaid, the 21st day ofAugust 1813."(Signed)"WILLIAM GARRARD, JR.""I do certifiy that the aforesaidElias Duncan has complied" with therequirements of the law in obtainingthe above license.(Signed)"WILLIAM GARRARD, JR."On the back of the old document isJthe following verbatim "return"made by the minister who united thecouple in matrimony:"I do certify that I have celebrated the rights of marriage betweenthe within name Elias Duncan andBarsheba Hughes an the 2 2d ofAugust, 1813."(Signed)"STEPHEN RUDDELL."ft 151 E3INSURANCE IN FORCE IN BOURBON COUNTY.The last jssue of the InsurancePress, published in New York, carries a detailed statement of theamount of insurance in force in thevarious States of this country. Under the head of a list of the largestclaims for insurance in amountsfrom $10,000 up paid in 1917 thelargest claim paid in Bourbon countywas $10,000 on the life of the lateMr. Louis R. Snell. In the list ofsums distributed to beneficiaries in1917 Bourbon county is credited witha total of $58,000. These figureswere compiled from special reportsfurnished to the Insurance Press.SACKS FOR RENT OR SALEWheat sacks for rent or sale. 'Wanted Barn cured clover hay,rye or barley.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(13-4t)-i ft ft ft .HAIL INSURANCE.Incur your tobacco againsthall with Thomas, Woodford &Bryan. Prompt paying companies. (june25-tf)REAL ESTATE DEALS .Mr. Samuel -Williams purchasedlast week of Mr. C. D. Wilson, theWilson farm of v160 acres, locatedon the Mt. Carmel and Shawhan pike,in this county, for $200 per acre.Mr. Wijliams will be given possession of the farm next March. Herecently sold his farm on the Lex-ingion piKe, Known as the Matt Lairplace. , .-;WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES. -.At the Red Cross Rooms, jTuesday C. W. B. M.Wednesday Woman's SocietyCatholic church.Thursday Jewish Circle.Friday Presbyterian MissionarySociety."The army to-day is growingfaster than the nurse corps. I hesitate to deal in concrete numbers, butfor anything like adequate service,the army nurse corps must increase'in the ratio of at least a thousand aweek for the next two months."gurg.-Gen. Gorgas. , , .The campaign in 'this county forstudent nurses who are wanted foroverseas service, and the campaignfor the registration of women in thecounty for war work possibilities,are going hand in hand. The workis being well taken care of and willbe pushed to a successful conclusion.A thousand graduate nurses mustbe sent overseas each week for thenext two months to meet the requirements of the Allied Armies, accordingto the word that has reached usfrom Lake Division Red Cross headquarters. The "thousand-a-week" request tothe Red Cross has been made bySurgeon General Gorgas, and MissAnna Galdwin, acting director of theLake Division Nursing Bureau, hasappealed to Red Cross organizationsthroughout Ohio Indiana and Kentucky to speed up enrollment of eligible nurses.In the six months ending July 31,703 nurses had been enrolled fromthese three States 538 from Ohio,136 from Indiana and 30 from Kentucky. Two hundred and ninety-onewere enrolled in July. August andSeptember must each produce atleast triple that figure.Appreciating that public healthmust not be permitted to suffer, theRed Cross has been pushing its HomeCare of the Sick and its First AidCare Courses as well as co-dperatingwith other agencies in recruitingstudent nurses to fill the depletedranks of the hospitals.Notice has gone out that the payof nurses going into active militaryservice has been increased to $75 amonth for overseas duty and $60 amonth for work in camps and cantonments in America. This is in additionto board and lodging and to the sameWar Risk Insurance privileges thatare granted soldiers, sailors andmarines."Nurses will respond to this imperative call if the people will conserve the nurse power and impressupon .the nurses that the 'GreatestMother in the World' must havethousands of them to meet its obligation to the government," writesMiss Galdwin to the press.Bi I5 1JBEAUTIFUL PATTERNS IN GINGHAMS, PRICES EQUALLYAS ATTRACTIVE.See our line of ginghams at 30and 35 cents per yard. Some beautiful patterns. Compare our priceswith others before buying. We willappreciate your business.PARIS RACKET STORE.13aug-3t)la Ra JQOPPOSED TO THESE NEW-FANGLEDTHINGS.(Contributed)Ed. THE NEWS:I seen a piece in THE NEWS afew days ago about folks wanting apark for Paris. Seems to me it's abit of extravagance for a little placelike Paris. That there writer in getting up his little niece about the fineParks all over the country forgot tooay ciuyiuiug uuuut uits parK in aiiilersburg. Now, that's a beauty, andabout the size of the one Paris wouldbe able to afford. First, you pays ahigh price for a little piece of ground.Then that ground don't pay no taxes,so the rest of us pay more to keepthe town going. Then you pays outa lot of money for laying out walks,putting up buildings "and conveniences' for play. Looks like foolishness to me.Then you must have a superintendent to look after things. Then youmust have a Board to look after thesuperintendent. Then all the peopleof the town will have to keep theireyes on the Board, and there you are.Then, you must spend I don't knowhow much buying equipment. Idon't know what that is, but I knowit is expensive. It's a rotten shamehow anxious some people are tospend other people's money. Bet youthe fellow that wanted to start thatpark business couldn't raise a thousand dollars for any purpose. If he'dsee a ten-spot all in one piece he'dthink it was a new kind of counterfeit. In- my daddy's time, and when Iwas a boy we didn't ask other people to pay for our fun. We just wentout in the woods and shot squirrelsand rabbits, and maybe some of theneighbors' chickens and turkeysonct in a while. We didn't have toplant flowers, for the woods was fullof 'em. To put up a new barn or aschool house or such, that was ouridea of fun and a good time. Andon election days we would have ashooting match and, maybe a fewfights. That was our fun. And theboys went out at night with thedogs and brung home a coon and a'possum and such, till you couldn'trest. An the girls we had in thosedays, they was a caution to see, tosome we see on the streets now.They was clear-eyed; no paint andpowder, they was rund-armed. andworkers that didn't need nobody tolead 'em around in a park. Theycould find their way about withoutome galoot jughandling 'em arounda parK.I'm agin the park business ferwe've got the' court house yard andthe cemetery, nd they're narkenough, I guess. And as lor a meeting place" for" "lovers-well. sniAK3 - .-w-rfwJfans has plenty of them places.TBETVES BUST-AGAIN.Snek' 'thieve have been' at work inthe Millersburg section ofr'the county,and as a' result a large quantity ofbacon is missing from the smokehouse of Mr. C. S. Griffin residingbetween Black's Cross Roads and Millersburg. The authorities were notified. No clue.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Minnie C. 'Carpenter, Etc., Plaintiff.Vs.-Notice of Sale. -Gladys A. Smith, Defendant.Pursuant. to an order of sale in theabove styled action, made ' at theJune, 1918 term, the undersignedwill, onSaturday, Sept. 7, 1918,on, or near the premises hereinafterdescribed, about the hour of, 3 p. m.,expose to public sale the propertylying and being in Millersburg, Kentucky, and described as follows:That certain house and lot in"Millersburg, Kentucky, on TriggStreet, fronting thereon 60 feet,and running back therefrom to theCemetery, and adjoining the property of Owen Ingles on one sideand the property of John Leer onthe other, and being the sameproperty convedyed.to testator, J.J. Hurst, by Sue James, by deed ofrecord in- the office of the Clerk ofthe Bourbon County Court.Lot is about 60 feet front andextends back same width about250 or 275 feet. The residence istwo-story frame, modern and verysubstantial. Four rooms and hallon lower floor; also four roomsj and hall above. Good cellar;back porch, latticed in; cementwalk around house; good cistern;outside summer kitchen; washroom and coal house, new stableand buggy house or garage; somefruit trees.TERMS Sale will be made upon,credits ofsix and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser to execute two bondsof even date with sale, with goodsurety to be approved by the Master,and bearing interest at the rate of6 per annum from date and due insix and twelve months as aforesaid.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(aug20-27-isept3)- iFRANK&'CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSW;;t.i.yJtdiShvanceowingofJall udistsandrij jressesFRANK & CO.ANHATTANSHIRTSAT SPECIAL PRICES!The makers of Manhattan Shirts have allowed us a few days for specialprices in order to clean up our stock for the new line for Fall. You buyers ofshirts know what the name "Manhattan" means, and you should get busy and buywhile the stock is complete and we have your size.You will find all the new patterns here in the soft and stiff cuffs in Madras,Percales, Silk Fabrics and Pure Silks. Note these prices and get busy, as theyare only for a few days: -s$2.00 SHIRTScut to$2.50 SHIRTScut to ... .$3.00 SHIRTScut to ....$3.50 SHIRTScut-to ...$i.65$L85$2.15$2.85$4.00 SHIRTScut to$4.50 SHIRTScut to$5.00 SHIRTScut to$6.00 SHIRTScut to$3.15$3.15$3.85$4.95Knox and Crofutt & Knapp Fall HatsThe advance styles in these hats are arriving daily, and we find them to bethe best styles and colors we ever had. New shades in greys, browns and greensare found in new Alpine shapes in. the finished and unfinished hats.$5.00 to $7.507th and MainR P. WALSH. One-Price $ tore Paris, Ky.iI?c-;A RUBEJS 'Jy-V.-1Z v1.at'VN'..,r-.ni"'i tHtW .W;-..'t'rAJ- 1 5'M.7 ".V -("1TUESDAY. AUGUST 20. 1018IfffivtiTeAyrtasKrOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED WHEAT CLEANED.We are prepared to cleanwheat for seed. If an encagement is made, the teamthat brings in the wheat canfake it back redeaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO!(till-sept-DHIGH" SCHOOL SUITS.a cpecial line of alj wool suits for"boys, iauL" " "- -0WCIS to ?OV.J. W. DAVIS &fe IS feI J"-. -THE BOURBON NEWS, PAJttKY,srwrxraV&f&: v tfKssS'&sK V-. . . V . k a ..4h -i it,; x-?v a tv. v-As i? .:t-j. ?"JM. ?AMviTfl'SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comints and Goings of OurPeople Hire, There andElsewhere.Jennie Roseis a guest ofOakley,friendsCO.PICKUNG TIME IS HERE.The best of spices and. vinegar forpicklins-(It)C. P. COOK & CO.ik m mTRUSTEE APPOINTED.Declaring mm iu ue iiituuipcicuj,cruize his own affairs, a jury in;,, Batterton's court so decided!a-ainst Waldo Jett, of near Pans.jett vas being tried on an incompetpcj charge. Judge Batterton willAppoint a trustee to look after theestate. The proceedings were fullyconcurred in by Mr. Jett's family,jdio realized the helplessness of theeefendant. Mr. Jett, who owns aaxty-acre farm on the Redmon pike,near Paris, is helpless as the resultcf paralysis.IS & fSPAIGE ANDBRISCOEBILES.AUT0M0-Special features on 'the Paige Car,Elf.grinding valve and transmissionlock, thief-proof.Features of the Briscoe are theEmail upkeep and economy in gasoline. Ask for demonstration.(tf) F. P. WHITE, Agent."PS 1ES E2SACKS POR RENT OR SALE.Wheat sacks for rent orsale. Wanted Barn curedclover hay, rye and barley.R. B. HUTCHCRAET & CO(aug9-4t)m t mCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT PAHISGRAND AITO ALAMOKing hasm Minerva.To-day, Tuesday, August 20.B. Walthall, in "His Robe of Honor;"also William Duncan and EdithJohnson, in fourth episode of "AFgfat For Millions."To-morrow, Wednesday, August21. Wallace Reid, in "The Fireflycf France;" also a Luke Comedy andPathe News Feature.Thursday, August 22. MadgeKennedy, in "The Fair Pretender;"dso Mutt and Jeff Comedy, "Hunting U-Boats," and Pathe News Feature.PALM BEACHES REDUCEDGenuine Palm Beach Suits reducedto 5.95.TWIN BROTHERS'(6-tf) Department Store.J JS ISDUNCAN AVENUE TO BE RESURFACED WITH ASPHALTiFor several days employes of thepublic works department of Parishave been busy in plowing up Duncan avenue, preparatory to beginningthe work of reconstruction and resurfacing. A big iron toothed harrowor drag drawn by the city's steamtraction engine, is being used in the"work of plowing up the street.The old street will be reconstructed and resurfaced, Kentucky asphalt,the same as that used around theState Capitol building, in Frankfort,being used. This will be rolled intothe new surface of the street, andill make an excellent, durable andear-resisting top surface. The expense of the work will be bornejointly by the city and the Duncanavenue property-owners.IS IS laYOUR PALL CLOTHINGHave you prepared for your fallneeds? Better do so to-day. Clothesfrom Davis' are right in style, right:a price and right in quality.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe 13 ftPARM POR RENT.See advertisement in another column of the farm for rent belongingto W. E. Hibler. The place contains556 acres and is located near Ewalt'si Cross Roads. If interested, addressr. W. E. Hibler, 312 E. High-,MissRavenna,Paris.Miss Sudie Dills, of Cynthiana,was a week-end guest of her sister,Mrs. John Lee, in Paris.Miss Ella Loomis, of Cynthiana, was a guest of Mrs. John Moranm this city, from Saturday to Mon-nw5? ?a and Mary HaSSard, ofColumbia, fo., are visiting their uncle, Mr. James H. Haggard, in thisl3V?'Tand Mrs- Duncan Bell motored to Louisville yesterday in theirnew.Pierce-Arrow car to snonri o f. "'JSf U, 1CVVMiss Mary Thorntonreturned to her home-K.y.f after a visit to reativp in ,vcounty.Miss Margaret Farley has returned to her home in Ravenna after a visit to her brother, Mr, D YL. Farley, in this city. . J".'Miss Mary Kenney Webber hasreturned to her home near Parisafter a visit to her cousin, Miss Ju.liet Risque, in Midway. u,-oMr. and Mrs. Z. L. Wilcox haveleased the Sharrard property on Mainstreet, -near Twelfth, and will occupy it as their future home.Mr. John Spears is here fromAkron, Ohio, to spend his vacationwith relatives. Mr. Spears is withthe Goodrich Rubber & Tire Co., at,Akron. !Mr. and Mrs. John Dtivall, newly-weds,have .returned from theirhoneymoon visit to relatives of thegroom in Franklin bounty, and ofthe bride in Mt. Sterling.Rev. "George H. Harris, formerlypastor of St. Peter's EpiscopalChurch, in this city, and now President of Margaret College, at Versailles, was a guest of friends inParis, Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Williams, ofEvansville, Ind., are guests of theirson, Mr. R. D. Smith, and Mrs.Smith, on Twelfth street. Mr.Williams is Superintendent of theLouisville & Nashville at Evansville,Indiana.Reports from the bedside of Mrs.Harry Simon, who was recently operated on for appendicitis in a NewYork hospital, state her condition asbeing greatly improved, and very satisfactory to her physicians and attendants. Mr. D. A. Sant, of Cincinnati,who was recently awarded the contract for building three miles of newsewer system in this city, has arrived here to take up the preliminarywork of his contract. Mr. Sant estimates that it will require about fourand a half months to complete theworfllA reunion of the members ofWinn family was held Saturday atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. James McClure, on Vine street, in this city.Among those from Winchester whoattended were Mrs. Rufus Lisle, Mrs.George Kohlass, Mr. Wm. Winn, MissNell Bush, Mr. and Mrs. NicholasWinn and family and Mr. JamesWinn.Mr. Harry Stivers, who is connected with the Department, of Railway Valuations at Chattanooga,Tenn., has gone to Washington, D.C, to take up special work for theGovernment, for the next twomonths. Mrs. Stivers and her littleson, Reuben Elm'ore Stivers, areguests ofher parents, Mr. and MrsWood, in Georgetown. At the conclusion of his work in WashingtonCity, Mr. Stivers will come to Parisfor a visit to relatives.(Other Personals on Page 3.)YARN WANTED.Miss Ranah Owens requests thatladies who have more yarn in theirpossession than they can. use beforeSeptember 1, will kindly return sameto her in order that it may be distributed' among those who have notsufficient yarn to complete their knitting. It is impossible to get any moreyarn, as the military needs of theGovernment are such that no woolenor worsted hand-knitting yarns willbe manufactured until further directed by the War Industries Board.This information has just been received by Miss Owens from the manufacturers at Bridgeport, Pa., complying with instructions sent out byHerbert E. Peabody, Chief of theWoolen Section of the War Industries Board.3 pHWINCHESTER EMPLOYS OURCONSULTING ENGINEER WEISSLexington, Ky.(6-tf)TO ADDRESS FARMERS' ON AGRICULTURAL WORK.Mr. Otto Kircher, of Lexington,jead of the Boys' Agricultural Clubojk in this state, will deliver anaress to the farmers of Bourbonuninty, at the court house to-mor-jjwafternoon at 1:30 o'clock, in theF vrest of the wkeat campaign. Mr.th A Barrett, also connected withiS T?ollese -of Agriculture staff ofDe Present.fmhe purPse of the present wheatJjmpaign is to induce the farmersKentucky to plant a larger acreAtr wheat tne coming season thandp? vfore- The increased acreageof is 10.000 acres. By meanstnese meetings and the spreadinggreater production propaganda,i' " .kircher estimates the production50 n Blueras region this year is,Th- cent- mrVthan last seasonV2 nnSnrnPresents an increase of aboutHon , usaels,'or a total producwya of almost 15,000,000 bushels.LET'S AVEBOUBBONA MEMORIALCOUNTY BOYS.TOIt has been suggested that sincethe big billboard in the court house"yard has seemingly served its nur-pose,in advertising the War Savings.stamps campaign and the HonorRoll, it now be converted into amemorial in. honor of the boys fromParis and Bourbon county who are inthe army and navy service.The suggestion is one worthy ofserious consideration. The billboardhas fulfilled the purpose for which,it was originally erected. It is notan ornament by any means. Nowlet's have the names of all the "Bourbon county boys placed on another"Honor Roll," where it can be seenevery day. In other places all overthe country this is being done. Whynot in Paris? ,HOT WEATHER BARGAINS.Men's $14.00 Palm Beach Suits reduced to $8..75.v TWIN BROTHERS'(6-tf) Department Store.M ISB 1JUNIOR ORDER TO MAKE MEMBERSHIP DRIVE.:In an effort tomake a large increase in membership' by Novemberlt Bourbon. Council Junior OrderAmerican Mechanics, his inaugurateda membership drive, to close on orabout that date, v A special dispentjsation has been granted by the National Council granting permissionto subordinate councils to take innew members at the small initiationfee of $2.00. Every member of theorder will endeavor to bring in atleast one new member. Bourboncounty's quota has been placed atone hundred.' . - 5 J 7fBflBrHnPBTrMTBrBmTll III M l m iirMrmm ami m jult jmi - il m-mr-m i t-wtm" ' lm h h .h a ' m v m m hfENTIRE STOCKIpI Special Reductions on the Following: I'I Suits, Coats ' . '. ..." IIK & -,Lost or Stolen.Somewhere in Paris a 38-caliberColt's revolver. Will pay good reward for return to my place of business. JAMES J. CURTIS,(20-tf) 141 Winchester St.Private School OpeningMrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwill open on Monday, September2nd. Number of pupils limited.(20-tf)FOR RENT.Desirable residence with garageand all other modern convenienceslocated at 123 -Fithian -avenue.J. J. VEATCH,(It) Home Telephone-320.Civil Service Examination.Government Civil Service Examinations in Kentucky, August and September. Government Clerk, RailwayMail, Teacher, Immigrant Inspector,Typewriter, Research Clerk. Experience unnecessary. Men and womendesiring government positions writefor free particulars, J. C. Leonard(former Civil Service Examiner),460 Kenois Building, Washington.(16-4t)Special OiTBathing Suits,Mr. W. H. Weiss, who is in theemploy of the city of Paris, as Consulting Engineer, is to perform a likeservice for the city of Winchester.Mr. Weiss has been engaged tocope with the present ice situationand to assure Winchester of an efficient and reasonable lighting service. Mr. Weiss will, according to thecontract entered in between him andthe city""of Winchester, make athorough investigation as to thepresent lighting service and thecharges for same and in the same'manner investigate the ice situation.He will act in all negotiations between the city and the company.The contract made with Mr. Weisscalls for the payment to him of fiftyper cent, of the amount the city maysave during a years service by themeans of his' recommendations. Heis to report direct to the City Council the result of his investigationsand to make recommendations forimprovement in the service given thecity by the -utilities.Mr. Weiss is now employed, as Consulting Engineer by the city4 governments of Georgetown, Paris, Win-ht&ter,jSB-setand Glasgow,, alongsimilar lines of investigation.CapsWaterand'VWings !-c &.:VWe have a full line ofAthletic Knit BathingSuits for every memberof the family. ,Ritef itRitestyle andRitepriceCome in and see ourstock before you buy.Daugherty Bros.,. Fifth and Main , 'Sporting Goods and Athletic Supplies, Dry Goods ;Notions, Underwear- Hosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.Just Think of This!9x12 FEETw.Matting Rugs$5-98See Them in Our WindowWe are offering big reductionsto close out all Porch and LawrtGoods and All Refrigerators.-THE J, THIN TON COiOTORJiEARSE. -MOTOR INVALID COACll--UNDERTAKING"EITHEPHQ(S)E'v' 36SIXTH ANDMAlN STS.tW , iIMIIB " tw . ' t 21Tl ,--y7TOT6&AY, AUGUST 2t, Itlf iTHE BOUOTON MEWS PARIS, XT.TAGISLX;'Cr ,hl ,. .yirfi.y;, , .iimitiiiiiiii iiiiiiiniiiiiiyi n?iiUFT OFF CORNS!1 . IWith fingers! Corns and ctl-luoco iit uii. iiu uttiii:s?s t.1 inKnM"l"l 'I '!' 'I'l"lt"l ; tnliiHT ,STry Freecona! Your druggist sella atiny bottle for a few cents, sufficient torid your feet of every hard corn, softcom, or com between the toes, andcalluses, without one particle of pain,soreness or irritation. Freezone is thediscovery of a noted Cincinnati genius.Garbage Utilization.Hogs can be made to utilize mucheatable material which would otherwise be wasted, according to a statement issued by the Connecticut Agricultural college. The report calls attention to the saving accomplished inMinneapolis, where between $50,000and $60,000 is saved annually by usingBwine to consume the garbage of thecity instead of burning it WhereasMinneapolis formerly operated itsgarbage disposal at a loss, the citynow receives $1.26 per ton for its garbage as hog feed.The Government of Uruguay hasmade the use of the metric weightsand measurements obligatory in alltrade transactions.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376&SummerClearanceSale!Silk BlousesValues up to $5.00Special$3.49PARASOLS, valuesup to $2.00 98cHATS,50cPUMPS ANDOXFORDS... $1,99' Silk SkirtsValues up to $10.00;rSpecial$4.95Twin Bros.Department StoreMain ami 7th Paris, Ky.Magic! Juflt drop -a little Freteoaeest that touTra,1jnBUaUit(M8Mfeisg, tiben $ft lift tbe edoigtbthe .. Sruly! No hiimugl" KEHOTCKT GBOF.BSaPOSTThe following crop report is asof Aug, 1, sent out by tbe State Department of Agriculture:While scattering showers broughtsome relief in sections, much of theState 3s in need of rain, for growingcrops. -- In certain Vcailtjfes rainshave: been ;plentjful,l;but the: largestarea 'of the JSta'fce is in need of moistftfreccordmgJb crop reports comingto this Department as of August first1.The yield" of -wheat is not coming'quite Tip to expectations, but the estimate on this as a State average isgiven at 12 bushels as comparedwith 11 bushels per acre last. year.This would make a total productionfor the State of wheat at somethinglike 11,196,000 bushels. In manyplaces only about one-third of thethreshing is done, while in others itis nearly finished. The wheat inshock is damaging.Early corn in the western part ofthe State is damaged by drouth. Asa State average the condition of cornis given at 93 per cent, and the stateof cultivation is fairly good and withample rainfall during August latecrops will make a much better yieldthan the outloo"k now.The preliminary estimated yield ofrye" is given at 12 bushels per acre,which would make a total production for the State of 412,500 bushels,wliile oats are given at 22 bushelsper -acre, which would "yield a totalproduction of 6,975,000 bushels.Burley tobacco acreage is given at87 per cent., while condition is givenat 81 per cent. Dark tobacco acreage is given at 74 per cent., condidition at 75 per cent. Tobacco islate this year.Hemp acreage has gone down considerably and is given at '54 percent., while the condition is 87 percent.Pastures are light, condition being79 Ter cent. Hay crops are good, theestimated yield in timothy being 1.3tons per acre. Alfalfa condition is88 per cent., while the second cutting yields 1.3 tons per acre. Orchardgrass is given at 84 per cent, condition and the estimated yield is 1.2tons per acre. Acreage of cow peasis given at 84 per cent., while condition is 89 per cent. Soy beansacreage is 86 per cent., while condition is 85 per cent.Acreage of second crop of Irishpotatoes is given at 71 per cent, andthe condition 75 per cent. Sweet potatoes is 86 per cent, and conditionis 87 per cent.Garden acreage is 91 per cent, andthe conditions are &3 per cent. Condition of the 'following vegetableslisted below:Cabbage, 86 per cent.Tomatoes, 85 per cent.Onions, 91 per cent.,"Beans, 90 per cent.Fruits are very scarce. Conditionof fruits and melons show as follows: Apples, 56 per cent.Peaches, 32 per cent.Pears, 51 per cent.Grapes, 68 per cent."Water melons, 76 per cent.Cantaloupes, 75 per cent.Live stock is reported in a generally thrifty condition, averaging 96per cent. Several localities report ascarcity of live stock. Condition ofpoultry shows at 94 per cent.With the great shortage of labor,farmers are busier than ever beforein their endeavors to meet the present situation and save the crops. Itis believed that through co-operativemethods the crops will be properlyhoused and cared for and that thesituation is "being met by the farmersof Kentucky.Respectfully,MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture, Frankfort, Ky.CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tubeis inflamed you have a rumblingsound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafnessis the result. Unless the inflammation can. be reduced and this tube restored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever. Manycases of deafness are caused by catarrh, which is an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through theblood on the mucous surfaces of thesystem.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio,(adv-aug)JBI fe "PSATTORENY-GENERAL SAYS DOGTAX MUST BE PAID.Attorney General Charles H. Morris gave T. M. Jones, Assistant StateAuditor an opinion in which he heldthat the 1917 dog tax law must becollected by the Sheriffs and paidinto the State Treasury under theformer dog tax law. In declaring anew dog tax law, the 1918-GeneralAssembly repealed the old dog tax,law, and the question arose as towhether the 1917 dog tax, whichis collectable this year, should bepaid. A i.I 1 ' I..I -,!. wMMirtzlioczH mmmmmtkmM .iMVMMw.niHHHE .no In Tin nr 1 11 XL I 111! nwjttLI!,to mu iiPHOTOeiVtTERriATOttAL?"No more sensational, thrilling ofinspiring sight could be imagined thanRuth Law's aerial performance in herCurtis biplane, in which she soars highabove the clouds, or skims like a dipping swallow almost within reach ofthe "earth as she spirals, loops, ridestaxi up-side-down, banks, nose-spins.and volplanes, and visitors to the sixteenth annual Kentucky State Fair,which will be held in Louisvillethe week of September 9-14, willbe electrified twice daily during the'week and twice on Sunday precedingthe Fair by this peerless wonder of theair. The Sunday flights, in which MissLaw will go after the altitude recordand her own wonderful loop-the-loopscore, are part of a special Sundayprogram, which includes a magnificentsacred concert by Thaviu's Band offorty musicians, his special soloistsof international fame, and a massedchorus of over three hundred singersfrom the Jubilate Choral Association,of Louisville, with Fred O. Neutzel,Flora Marguerite Bartelle, Marie Sied-FAMOUS ACTS FORThe great $150,000 Pavilion at theKentucky State Fair, in Louisville,will be the scene each night of a monster amusement revue preceding the$10,000 Horse Show, which will be one.of the paramount features of the celebration scheduled for September 9-14.This feature of the Fair's entertainment has grown from year to year,until it has developed into one of themost enjoyable and important attractions of the entire exhibit, and onewhich vies with the great Horse Showin popular interest.The attractions announced for theState Fair make an imposing roster.In addition to Thaviu's great bandof forty skilled musicians in militaryuniforms; the soloists of international Jfame and the bevy of wonderful ballet:BBfBvBBBflHB9SBBBxBSSSSSBS9veSSftKBSSSSSSj!VBfflP'H?7?ydFSiw'vP hiSSflrfcrSSvl V t vw'StiCTSdancers accompanying v his organiza- j the leading equilibrists of the Amertion, who will give two concerts and ican and European field, and theexhibitions daily,' the list of features I lovely Lunette Sisters, in the "Whirlsincludes the picturesque "girl act" bill- ing Geisha Girl" performance, .com?ed as "Freddie's 1918' Bicycle Won-fpletes the list of Hippodrome, attract-"ders" and made up 'of daintyfemininetions to be offered at tie 'comiqs StatVmr--t ww, . w .uuav WU--iBflBMt; mfried and Leo Sandman as principals.The first-named has given invaluableco-operation with the Fair as regardsthe Sunday concert arrangements andhis connection with the Choral Association guarantees a musical featureof exceptional merit, and one whichvies with the great attractions offeredin Ruth Law, who is sister to RodmanLaw, the first "human fly" and on "ofthe most daring and remarkable performers of break-neck stunts in existence, olt is claimed that Miss Law'sone ambition is to equal or excel herfamous -brother, who has performed alland more of the hair-raising featsDouglas Fairbanks supposedly performs in his screen "thrillers."In addition to these great attractionsthe Fair management is this year offer?ing a prize list which will total to $78,000, despite the fact that the state'sappropriation to the Fair is but $15,000.This is done, and the entire proceedsfrom all sources .turned back amongthe agriculturists in order to stimulatethe agricultural and live stock industries of the state and thereby help theGovernment by helping food. production. FAIR HIPPODROMEcus of marvelous animal actors of min-iature size and amazing intelligence.This act' is said to be magnificentlyequipped and the diamond harness ofthe animals has caused widespreadcomment. The famous Gelli Trouperepresentatives of the "far East."They number 7 Persian acrobats ofwhirlwind method and amazing feats.The Golli Troupe is costumed in Oriental splendor, and is distinctive in itsline of entertaining. The RodriguezBrothers, perch pole artists, guaranteethrills galore by means of their dare-devil stunts on lofty vaulting poles.1The Boganny Troupe are sensationalacrobatic artists who work with aspeed and vim which enhances theirhair-raising maneuvers. Mr. and Mrs.:Bert Davis as "Uncle Hiram" and"Aunt Lucindy" Birdseed are come-'dians who are the source of endlessfun to Fair patrons; Fred Zobedle and'his troupe of five are recognized as'T"v i. ii.,.V."See.UsiEornFARMMACHINERYand SuppliesMcCormickMowing MachinesandCorn BindersNo better onHave stood theC. S. BALLCop.; Fourth and. - - . i- r? IW'I Jt rXjhe!Pendieton Shop135 bast main st., opp. phoenix hotei,Lexington, Kentucky:iWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronage'- ' s -IGOWNSSUITSA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY GLEANERCumberland F hone 40 Home Phone 1692!K3EQ. W. DAVIS" FUNERAL DIRECTOR- Motor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137 -NIGHT 2SSCorner JFffth W Pknt Stwtts, Park, KAll Kinds ofvfe -the market.test of years.Pleasant Stc.' MvaHATS11may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiled-garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing did clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.I A phone brings us. -GARAGEaEXES''s-i:N$feV- -TtJESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1018CHOOSOTG ROAD MATERIALSThere are many inalienable rightsfN nt the individual with which neitherfriends nor enemies have any call fointerfere. He may wed a wife withthe brains of a dead haddock and wecannot say nay, nor may we use morethan verbal advice to prevent hisearly demise by eating "slip-on" thatfamous food of lower New Tork, consisting of a foundation of hot mincepie and a wearing surface of sizzling Welsh rarebit. But when hetakes advantage of the right hepossesses in many places to select thekind of pavement laid in front of hisproperty everybody has justificationlor raising strong" objection. Theroad is for the public use, and evenwhen a considerable part of its improvement is paid by loqal assessment the community contributes thereminder of the cost and thereforeshould have a voice in determiningits nature. The average taxpayer isnot a road expert; the ability todrive an automobile over a slipperypavement without skidding does notmake him one, although it maymake him a helpful critic. It takesyears of study and experience to develop a road expert. He must knownot only the method of constructingtypes of roads under different conditions, but also the economical advantages of all these different types.Sooner or later he will be employedon every important road undertakingand the beginning of his serviceshould be at the outset of the work,so his knowledge may be the guidefor the selection of the type of construction. To wait until the contractis let, is to throw away a very largepart of the help he can give. No engineer can be held responsible for thebehavior of roads unless all the sJtepsthat must be taken in organizing andcarrying on the construction havehis approval. American HighwayAssociation.s s IAlways, listen to n honest opinion if for not other reason than itis different from your own.MARGOLEN'SAll FruitsVegetablesFishand Meatare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and- freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWHEN YOU BUYYOU WANT YOURMONEY'S WORTH !Cheap breelzeHsmore important to you than cheap-fans; because ihe fans are paid for once,the breeze continually.have proved their ability to givethe most breeze for the least expenditure, and for this reasonare money savers.P ri t.flaJ2rJJ4 tri g CtW SW M MWM WO I--Ifa- rvDEVELOPMENT.A letter written byC. A. Prouty,of the TJntted States Railway Administration differentiates between"industrial activity" and "agricultural development," as it has beenmaintained by the railroads. It ildeclared that the former must beessentially curtailed, "mainly for thereason that owing to shortage of materials and supplies including transportation, the industrial activity ofthis country is necessarily to be limited during the period of the war."The Director General of Railroads,Mr. McAdob, and his advisors, are ofthe opinion, however, that the agricultural activities of the railroadsshould continue, and Mr. Prouty saysthat they are to be allowed as muchmoney for expenditures in the Southand Southwest this year as they hadlast year.But "last year" was a lean year.As a matter of fact the advertisements of the railroads advising people to "go South," which were socommon in years gone by, are nowmissing from current periodicals. Atleast one of the biggest of all southern railroads, has closed its land department entirely, and its employeeshave been transferred to otherbranches of the' railway service.There are' many people who believe that the railroads that have"heretofore carried on splendid development work in the South and Westshould be afforded means to impressupon the public mind the potentialities of their regions for agriculturaldevelopment in order to offset thepropaganda which has diverted tensof thousands of Americans from theirnative land, and landed them overin Canada.The cold fact remains that railroad development, which has beenthe backbone of exploitation and investigation, has come to a standstill.The new resources of raw materialsthat the business interests feel shouldbe utilized in completing factoriesfor the manufacture of things needed in the war, have been relegated tothe discard for the present. TheRailroad Administration leaves nodoubt in the matter that they are notencouraging the creating of new industries. "S3 Ha P&THE BEST PLASTER.A piece of flannel dampened withChatmbe'rlain's Lrnlmen't and . bound1 oh, oyer; the seat of pain, is often jnoreeffectual ior a lame Dacs man -a piaster and does not cost anything likeas much.(adv-aug)GOVERNMENT SENDS : AN URGENT CALLThe President ofthe Civil ServiceCommission recently wired:"Need for stenographers and typists at Washington grows more acutedaily. Increase effort all possible."The Government and business concerns are short five hundred thousand bookkeepers and stenographers,and -are offering beginners salariesnever before heard of.The government drafted our CivilService Bookkeeping Set, and abouteighty-five per cent, of the Government's stenographers write the shorthand system that we teach the bestevidence that our courses are thebest.Take, BY MAIL, our eight-weeks'Civil Service Mercantile Bookkeeping Course or our Simplified Shorthand Course, the letter course consisting of "THIRTY 1JESSONS, andwe guarantee you from $85 to ?125a month as soon as .you qualify.Money back if not 'satisfied. Thehundred thousand satisfied, moneymaking former students. Clip, fillout, and send us the following coupon: COUPONDraugrhons College, Nashville, Tenn.Send me, FREE, your book onHome Study, and tell me about yournew plan of teaching the planwhereby it is EASY to learn, BYMAIL, Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Penmanship, etc. This notice was clipped from the NEWS, Paris, Ky.Yours truly,(Name)(A'ddress)(13-2t)Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402HBST NAT'L BANK 3UIEIHNGDR.WM.KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and .ThroatROOMS 403-404HRST NAT'L BANKf BUILDINGPHONE 136CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention tonuvvHOT ATO COLD 3ATO3TpiouKBoir ;otws, paib;m tM'Vvm miiU'lil mnT'yi H" mttmv'. i .AMEBlCAN'f AND GERMAN -Jl-'NANCES.Pessimistic Americans who viewwith 'alarm our increasing nationalobligations may derive a great dealof comfort from a comparison of thefinancial condition of the UnitedStates contrasted with that pf Germany. The total resources of the UnitedStates are estimated at about $250,000,000,000; our annual earningsare estimated at about $50,000;000,000. Our national debt, 4ncluding the third liberty loan, maybe put around $12,000,000,000.Before the war our Governmentwas spending about $1,000,000,000a year. When thewar is ended, interest charges, less the interest collected from our loans to our allies,Government insurance expenses, andother necessary expenditures growingout of the war may conservatively beestimated at something like ? 1,000,000,000. We are confronted, therefore, when peace comes, with raisingonly a couple of billions a year -revenue,a slight task for a nation ofsuch tremendous wealth, capacityand resources.The resources of Germany beforethe war were estimated to be ,$80,000,0000,000. The annual expenditures then of the Imeprial Government were about $800,000,000. Herdebt now is $30,000,000,000, andher resources and man power havebeen severely' impaired. After thewar she is confronted with additionalexpenditures growing out of the wartotaling some $4,000,000,000.The interest of her war debt, evenif the debt grows no larger, will beabout $1,500, 000, OO'O. Although sheis niggardly in her pensions to private soldiers and their families, $1,000,000,000 a year would hardlysuffice to pay even small pensions toher injured and the families of hersoldiers who have been killed. Herwar debt must be paid some time anda sinking fund of 5 per cent, wouldadd $1,500,000,000 to her annualtaxation. Here is a total increase of$"4,000,000,000 all due to the war.Of' course both the United Statesand Germany may greatly increasetheir debts, but the increase will notchange the relative situations.The German Government has drained the German people of their gold,even their jewels and heirlooms, andyet the Imeprial Bank of Germanynow tiasirat little over $500,000,000of gold" in its 'vaults. The UnitedStates has made no call upon the people for the precious metal, and yetto-day has in its Treasury vaultspractically $2, 500,000000 of goldcoin and bullion.lEa te a"THE AMERICANS CEEED""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a re-public; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a per-feet union,' one and inseparable;established upon those princi-pies of freedom, equality, jus-tice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; v toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agaixst allenemies."fcs m& fco.WALNUTS BOUGHT FOR GERMANS LONG AGO.(Philadelphia Record.)In his efforts to locate availablewalnut timber for use by the Government in the manufacture of gunstocks, Walter B. Allen, dircetor ofmilitary service of the Blair County,Pa., branch of the Council of National Defense and Public Safety, hasdiscovered evidence of the war preparation plans of the German Qovernment in years gone by.He has ascertained that a greatamount of walnut timber was boughtby agents of the Kaiser, representations being made that it was intended for use in the manufacture of furniture. The timber was purchasedabout ten years' ago, and none ofthose who sold it had the remotestodea of the use to which it was to beput. Few, in fact, knew that theywere selling to agents of the feermanGovernment.When trees were bought they wouldbe felled and left lying on the grounduntil they could be sawed into piecessuitable for handling. Later theywould befiauled lo 'the'nearest' shipping point and sent away. Severalpersons have informed Mr. Allen thatthey learned that the timber was sentto Eastern seaports and shipped toGermany.The tanks used in the war may-beofCfreaevalue". fn "recla'tmiiie :1ii country ior agriculturalafter th conflict.;purposesarx T 4r"w'y....ILEWQIS "TO tCKEKATE ICEKTf NNIAL THIS MONTH.Governors from every State in theUnion have been invited, in an invitation sent out by the Illionis Centennial Commission, to attend thecelebration of the centennial of theadoption of the first constitution ofIllinois to be heia 'in Sprinfield onAugust 26. This is one of the principal celebrations of the Illinois Centennial. The most elaborate celebration, however, will be during therst week in October, which will bethe centennial of the meeting of thefirst legislature and the inaugurationof the first Governor. tOn August 26, a great mass meet-ing will be held at the Illinois StateFate grounds, presided over by Governor Frank O. 'Lowden and addressed by former President TheodoreRoosevelt. The occasion will be onthe last day of the Illinois StateFair., and Centennial Exposition and,a free gate will be declared duringthe entire day. In the evening,"The Masque o'f Illionis," writtenby Wallace Rice, pageant writer forthe Illinois Centennial Commission,will be produced under the directionof Frederick Bruegger, pageantmaster.During the first week in October,there will be several events andPresident Woodrowv Wilson has promised to be present on at least one day,unless unexpected events interfere.At this time a statue of AbrahamLincoln made for the State by Andrew O'Connor, of.Worchester, Mass.,at a cost of $50,000, and erected inthe State capitol grounds, will bededicated, the President making thededicatory address. A statue of Stephen A. Douglas by Gilbert P. Riswold, of Chicago, also erected in theState Capitol grounds will be dedicated at the same time with appropriate exercises. Another feature ofthe celebration wiil be the laying ofthe cornerstone of a new million anda half dollar centennial memorialState building, which will be erectedsouth of the present capitol and usedfor the educational departments ofthe State government, including the.Superintendent of Public Instruction,'the libraries and museums. 0The celebration of the centennialof the admission of Illinois into theUnion began last spring with the observance of the adoption of the Enabling Act by Congress on. April 18.Throughout the State, county organizations have been formed and theseare giving celebrations. Masques,little plays and pageants written byWallace Rice, pageant writer, arebeing given in almost every countyand some times several in eachcounty.The State celebration will closewith a formal observance at the University of Illinois, at Champaign, onDecember 3, of the formal ratification Jof the State constitution by Congressand the admission of Illinois into theUnion.fcs paCURE FOR DYSENTERY."Whjle I was in Ashland, Kansas,a gentleman overheard me speakingof Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy," writes William .Whitelaw,"of Des Moines, Iowa. "H& told mein detail of what it had done for his"family, but more especially hisdaughter, who was lying at the pointof death , with a violent attack ofdysentery, and had been given up bythe family physician. Some of hisneighbors advised him to give Chamberlain's Qolic and Diarrhoea Remedy, which he did, and 'fully believesthat by doing so saved the life of his Ichild. He stated that he had alsoused this remedy himself with equally .gratifying results.", (adv-aug)w im Ifc iSPREADING HOME' SERVICE INKENTUCKY."The real need for Home Servicework has now dawned on the mind ofthe most remote chapter," writes.Shelley D. Watts, American RedCross superyisor, in Kentucky.The great difficulties under whichthis need has been told to these remote chapters in'the mountain Stateof the Division gives some idea ofthe eagerness of the Red Cross tomake Home Service universal.Mr. Watts' letter tells of horseback rides over mountains, hackrides over rocky roads, lifts in anauto that "can go no where except'in good society," and a "jolt wagon"trip over creek bed roads.At one point, asking the best wayto get to the town, Hazel Green, hefound that two and one-half daysby train and hack would get him tohis destination, "just "'leven mileacrost the moUntain" from where hewas stopping. Whereupon he "hikedacrost" with grip, brief case andumbrella in hand, arriving at fiveo'clock in the, afternoon, having av-eraged ihfee and one-half 'miles anhour.In such manner Home Service hasto "go over" the mountain tops andup the "branches" to reach the iso-"lated families of the soldiers andlsailors.m vA BniOU? ATTACK..When you have a bilious attack!your liver fails to perforpi its functions. Tou become constipated. Thefood you eat ferments in your stomach and causes nausea, yomiting anda terrible headache. Take three ofChamberlain's Tablets. They willtone" nip your liyer clean,, out yourstomach and you will soonbe as wellI M ever. JThey only cost a quarter.&rrociT:H- , , 4.jnMEue Hyfws' r-A- rtUN I IIM--;-IFYOUXREWfifiStfdJtXJLv . pnrcfessLET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed." LAUREL FURNACE,We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYHELP WIN THE WAR!JPP" Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.t (Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH, ' W. H. CAHHOH,District ManagerBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelessone No. 4'The Bourbon LaundryParis,Now is the Timeto Figure on YourPAINTINGAND PAPERINGLet us make an estimate for you before placing: your order. Call usover Home Phone 399.KvNEiw. rii l'J)tV,0 fit.That Nttxi JobBourbon Nows. Bost Work; Right PrieoinrnrnrMill M" Ml'X i. 3.We are "agents for thetfone better made.1Local XuugerLaundry iIKWest Fifh StreetIKIIXIXIXIxSATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest Improvements in laundry appliance!and expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior ta none, and solicityour patronage.KentuckyXIX:."iBROS.of Printing to ThoiAHwsrMk. IVMS' - IB'ABOUT A II,fllNACEI.Jfim l 21.m m"n' ,,mf"w-1r y-W' p"'A-,fIIFn'jTHB BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KY.I "VUESDAY, AUGUST 2. i6UimiiiiiiiiHiiiiimiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniHiiiiii1 The J. T; Hinton Co. jUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSiParis Ky.-BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaKSaaaaaaaaaaa-Mainand SixthStreets'Day phone 36Nlsht s . . 56or Home 286Mofor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with-7 Limousine Invalid Coach.ourHearse used for funeral purposes only.milllll M 1 1 1 1 II M I HHI 1 ! II rlrHH 1 1 111 1 1 1 1MILLERSBURG!. -..-z Mrs. Sarah Thorn improves-7-Mrs. Nancy Wilson is visitingrelatives at Meysville.Miss Levina Layson entertaineda, number of her friends Saturdaymfternoon.- Mrs. J7 Clark Leer entertainedIFriday ' afternoon. Refreshmentst 'U'asceiserFed. . -,. -.- 3&Ir. Howard Carr is improvingCicely at the Good Samaritan Hospital, Lexington.Mr, C. C. Clarke, returned Sat"xmlay after a ten-days' sojourn atvSwango Springs.rMrs. Clifford Lee, of Dayton, 0.,Is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. C. "W. Clifford. .Mrs. Anna Cummings, of Emiyuence, is the guest of her cousin,3ffrs.- Mattie Jones.Mr. Gano Duncan and family!mre ."Visiting Mr. and Mrs. McClure,t Crawfordsville, Ind.- v - Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter.returned Friday after a two-weeks'-"-iASOjoum at Dawson Springs.- Dr. H. C. Burroughs returned"'IFriQay after a several weeks' visitta3iis daughter, Mrs. James Spen". cerr l Springfield, Mass.-Mrs. .Jennie Letton and daughter, 'Mass Leona Letton, have reSiirneet after a several days' visit to"Mr. .Fqirest Letton, and family, at" t cParis-rM. -arid Mrs. S. M. Allen andlittle "daughter, Miss Bush Allen,left Friday f or-a T?rek's visit to Mr.and Mrs. B. Wood, at Stanford, par-asnts of Mrs.' Allen.Thefollcwing are guests of Mrs.-"Mattie? "Br'-Hswss: Mr. and Mrs.t "AlS3rHa.-wes, Mr. James Hawes andVr&Bs&iEulia, Sale, all of Chicago; Miss"yJNfcgHdlTBafnett, Lexington." Mrs. G. W. Clifford left Saturday -for Louisville to attend theiXonetai of his sister, Mrs. JennieTE&uag. who jdied Friday morning,z'vad. was "injured Sunday afternoon.The following ace guests of Dr. J-ratn Mrs. W. M. Miller: Mr. and"Mrs. E.. L. Buffington, Columbus, 0.rMr. and Mrs. 0. M. Adams, Tennille,.Ga'Miss Mary Miller, Atlanta, Ga.,r-aakdMr.:-HaTry Htitchcraft, Louis-Mr.'W:E. .B"Bell and family,"jsof 'Geogetown, -were "guests of hislister, Mrsl R. M Cattlwell, Monday.They were enroute to heir homeiwftU "Swing, 'where they spent the-weekr-end with his parents, Mr. and,-N.Mrs. Bayless DeBell.Mrs. Adah McClintock and' tanghteis,r Misses Anna James and"autH McClintock, left Saturday foraoeveral days' visit to Mr. W. G.JMTclintock; and family, at Paris."Miss Anna James McClintock willleave- Paris to-day to spend several'adays -with relatives at Lexington.Miss Mildred Bruce has returned from a tour of the mountains ofEastern Kentucky, with the RedJross Concert Company of the Lex-- ingto'n College of Music. Miss Bruce,s -soprano, carried off some of theliighes,t honors. The program was"n charge of Miss Anna Chandler"ifroff.""wh. accompanied the girls en;rtour.. te ta isSTOLEN ANIMALS RECOVERED.&A ponv stolenjErom Mr. M. E. Har"iin.Mn Nicholas county, was located-at Millersburs by Chief of Police?Iiink". and restored to its owner. Thepd-ny had been traded to Mrs. Rig' -Iod, of that Tlace. for an aged horse-an $& in cash. Chief Link was paid""the reward advertised for the recotcW of the stolen animal.' Chief Link also recovered a horse-and buggy belonging xto a tenant on' Mrs. C7 M. Clay's farm. The outfit?as fakeri from a hitching post onPleasant street bv a negro, who droveit in the direction of Lexington,i . Chief Link, In his auto, started in"pursuit, overtaking the man near hoity limits. The negro abandoned-the" Uam and "made .his escape by-running through a cornfield... The"jdmut&t was restore'd to'its 'owner.DEATHS.,wmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmK--kcst: li Tif--w. ' " .' f&?""" i0s: yy.Attractions I,:il t " AKISTuesday, August 20th' U .fParalta PresentsHenry B. Walthall" in - ;"His Robeof Honor"ALSO. Wm. Duncan and Edith Johnson in"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"'1 -Z"' " , . JIV 'r. . :GRAND ANDij . - .-V4L4M0Wednesday, August 21st- Jesse L. Lasky PresentsWallace ReidTHE FIREFLY OF FRANCE"A photoplay of Love and War that is bothr; timely and heart-appealing.ALSOLUKE COMEDY AND PATHE NEWSFEATUREThursday, August 22ndGoldwyn Presents the Girl. Gorgeous Smile,with theMADGE KENNEDYINThe Fair Pretender"The romance of a beautiful young widowv who never had a husband.iiMutt and Jeff Comedy, "HuntingtJ-Boat$," and Pathe News.PricesAt the Alamo ChildrenSc war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.i At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.oioreo persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adult3 10c war tax lc.MATRIMONIAL. 'JAMES SPRATT. .;The following invitations ' h&vebeen issued: "Mr. and Mrs. JosephJames request your presence at themarriage of their sister, Miss Elizabeth James, to. Mr. John Sprtt, attheir hom"e,224 Parrish avenue, Paris,Kentucky, Tuesday, August twentyseventh, nineteen hundred and eighteen, at 8:30 p. m." - ,NEWS OF. BOURBON COUNTY INTHE OIL EEELDSThe Dudley & Alexander Oil Company, in which Mr. Catesbv Wood-Iford, of near Paris, has large holdings oi stocK; now has three fine producing wells, two of three hundredbarrels capacity, and one brought inlast Saturday, which is estimated atfive hundred barrels. The leasesare in Lee county.INSKO. .rThe funeral of Lora May Insko,the two-year-old daughter of ""Mr.and .Mrs. Clay D. Insko, of WestNineteenth atreet, who died Thursday night, was held in the ParisCemetery, Saturday morning at teno'clock. Services were held at thegrave by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church.CRAM.Dr. Charles D. Cram, formerly awell-known physician of Paris, diedat -a hospital in iangdon, Cali., lastFriday, after a short illness. Information was received here by Dr. M.H. Dailey, telling of Dr. Cram'sdeath, but giving no details as tothe place of burial.While a resident of Paris, Dr.Cram married Miss Pearl Brooks,who, with three children, now residesnear Mt. Sterling. Dr. Cram was avery popular physician, here and liasa host of friends who regret hispassing.PS Pa fePLANS PERFECTED FOR COMMUNITY LABOR BOARDSAt a meeting held in Louisville,Saturday, plans were perfected fordividing Kentucky into Labor Districts with a Community Board atthe head of .each, representing bothemployers and employes. The meeting was held under the auspices ofthe State Advisory Board of thePublic Service and Employment Bureaus. On his return from the meeting,Dr. F. L. McVey, of 'Lexington,State Director of the United StatesPublic Service Reserve, announcedthe Boards and the district boundaries by means of which the man powerof the State will be' recruited. Thefollowing were selected as membersof the Board for this county: FrankP. Lowry, Chairman: Silas E. Bedford, Employes, W. B. Coxr Employers. sA second meeting of the AdvisoryBoard has been ealled for Thursdayin Louisville, to discuss further thework of the labor and emplomentsections.COMMISSIONERS APPOINTED FORNOVEMBER ELECTION- Democratic County Election Commissioners to serve at the Novemberelection were selected in Frankfort,Saturday, by the State Election Commission. Mr. A. T. Siler did not havethe Republican -list with him, andthe Commissibn will meet on August31 for the purpose of, selecting theRepublican County Election Commissions, rne following were selectedfor Central Kentucky counties:Bath E. T. Brothers; BourbonWm. G,-Talbott; Clark-r-Harvey T.Lisle; Fayette Thos. S. Scott;Franklin Richard S. Tobin; Harrison H. C. Duffy; Jessamine H. L.Bronaugh; Montgomery R. L. Coleman; Nicholas Robert L. George;i Scott J. C. Smith; Woodford Jno.W. McMillan.NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Under the new law. ill taxpaytrsare required to call atour offices in the Court Houseand give In their tax lists. Theoffice of Assessor has been abolished, and the new law requiresthat you call at the offices ofthe undersigned Tax Commissioners and transact your business in regard to taxes. Wewill be in our offices every dayuntil further notice for thatpurpose. Call NOW and avoidpenalties for not doing sb. Allproperty owners are required tobring a list of their property asof July 1st to the office.WALTER CLARK,Tax Cemmistleners for BourbonCounty. vJNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.r (2july-tf) ' -ROOT WHITAKER. JThe many friends and relativesof Howard W. Whitaker were surprised to learn of his marriage toMiss Eva Root, of Detroit, Michigan. They announced the happyevent after they' returned to Harlan, Ky., from a brief bridal trip inTennessee, where they were marriedon July 5th. tSTURGEON POPE.A marriage license was issuedSaturday afternoon from the ofnce-OfCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, to Mr.Charles Pope and Miss Alice Sturgeon, both of near Jacksonville, thiscounty. They were married in Cynthiana, Saturday evening, and rereturned to the home of the groomnear Jacksonville, where they willreside. iThe Paris Oil & Gas Company,which was organized with Bourboncounty capital, with Mr. John Woodford as president, brought in a onehundred barrel well in the SignBoard district lease in Lee county,last week. " This makes four producing wells on their property on theBill Wise lease in Estill county.The Marchmont Oil Company, ofwhich Mt, William Shire, of Paris,is president, and the balance of thecompany being Paris stockholders,has started drilling on their sixtyacre lease in Wolfe county. The rigging is all in position, and the workis progressing very nicely. This company has, a. "very fine prospect, andthe outlook for a number of goodproducing wells is very flattering.week. This company now "has threewells that are pumping direct intothe pipe lines.MARTIN HOUSTON.Miss Mary Martin, the handsomeand attractive daughter of Mr. andMrs. Carter Martin, of Paris, andMr. Woodford Houston, son , of helate Mr. Jos. Houston, of near .Pearls,stole a march on their many friendsFriday affernoon by being marriedin Lexington. , ,The young people, who had beenlovers for some time, left Paris,Friday afternoon, presumably for 'anauto ride around the county roads,but in pursuance of anv agreed plan,they proceeded to Lexington. Therethey called on the County Clerk andsecured license. They were marriedshortly afterward by a Lexingtonminister. t , -After the ceremony Mr. and MrsHouston left in - their auto for,, ahoneymoon trip to Frankfort, Louisville and other points Qf interest,returning to Paris yesterday morn-1ing. They will reside at the home ofthe groom near Paris.sa toiBIRTHS.Near Kiserton, to the wife ofMr. Ea. McCleary, a daughter; ,weight nine pounds; third child;all girls. Mrs. McCarthy was formerly Miss Mary Hutson, of Kiserton.RED CROSS APPEALS FOR-. TRENCH FOOT SLIPPERSTo the Women of Bourbon County :-In our quota for September 1, inRed Cross work, is a request for 500'trench foot slippers (250 pairs.)These slippers should be made ofvelvet, velveteene, corduroy or heavycloth. They are then lined with outing flannel.'It is irpossible for us to buy "thenecessary material and we are askingthe patriotic women of the countyto send us any garments or piecesthey have no use for, to be used inthis way. An old pair of clothtrousersy of a coat, can be- cut intoseveral parts, as the slippers can 'bepieced.We published an appeal some daysago, but the response was so smallwe have less than 50 slippers madevAre we to fail in this, as we havedone' in nothing else? We have beenproud of our Tecord up to this time.May it always remain untarnished.If any friend desires to buy aremnant or piece of newmaterial tosend in, it requires two-thirds of ayard of 27 incH goods to make onepair.Send all material to the Red Crossrooms, at the Court House, in Paris.If it is more convenient for. ladiesout in the country, materials maybesent to Mrs. Annabelle Wallace, orMrs. D. C. Lisle, at Leesburg; MissFlorence Hopkins, at Little Rock;Mrs. Letcher Weathers, at Clinton-ville,-and Mrs. Jno. Collins, at North.Middletown.BOURBON RED GROSS CHAPTER,(tf)MUM ,The principle of the opaque postcard projector-has been utilized5 injnew machine- for . registering -colorI printing plates on a printing prossi!tfie Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo., a local concern, one of the firstorganized in Bourbon county, nowhas about twenty producing wells.A new fifty-barrel well was broughtin Saturday on their J. T. Sparkslease, in Estill county.The Columbia Oil Company, inwhich a number of Paris and Bourbon county people are stockholders,brought in a 150-barreI well lastThe Station Camp Company nowhas five producing wells, and broughtin another well on the Callahan, leaselast week, which, it is said, is atwenty-flye barrel producer. Thiscompany is locally controlled.The McCombs Oil Company, ofwhich Mr. Abram Renick, formerly ofWinchester, is president, and whichhas offices in Paris, has purchased abig oil refining plant and will locatethe big concern at Torrent. Thisprosperous company has large leases,and the produption of oil from theirwells is said to be enormous, which isvery gratifying to the local people'who are interested. Mr. John Price,of Paris, is connected with "the mainoffice in Louisville.-to to toB-4 FIREInsure with xW.O.JttlNTON &SON,AgtsBALED HAY LOSSES PARTLYCOVERED BY INSURANCE.The 2,000 bales of hay stored inthe big barn of Mrs. C. M. Clay,which was burned by lightning lastweek belonged t Mr. David Parrish,of near Escondida. Mr. Parrish'sloss was about $3,000, partly covered by insurance. Mrs. Clay's losswill probably be $2,000.ANNUAL PIG SHOW.The annual Pig Show for membersof the Boys' and Girls' Pig Club oBourbon county, will be held atNorth Middletown, on SaturdayAugust 24. The judges at the Bourbon county show will be J. MillerWard, of Paris; E. S. Good and W. H.Huffman, of Lexington.Members haye been selected fromthe Pig Clubs of Fayette, Bourboaand Nicholas counties to attend theKentucky State Fair at Louisville,with their expenses paid by the StateCollege of Agriculture of KentuckyUniversity, tt is the intention ofthe United States Department of Agriculture to-improve the breed ofswine in this way as well as to furnish an opportunity for the education of boys and girls along agricultural lines. It is the intention ofMr. L. S. Rojabins, Bourbon Countyagent, 'to organize within the nearfuture a Short Horn Club and aSheep. Club is this county with boysand girls between the ages of 10 and18 years as members. ..LOUISVILLE " PEEVED " AGAINSTHOLDING RACE MEETING.to toandLightningF?rt, WindInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanThe movement started in Louisville by the Rotary Club to influencethe Churchill Downs and DouglasPark owners to not hold fall racingmeeting is gathering momentum. Amonster demonstration against theholding of the fall races will be heldsoon.It is understood that a plan is onfoot, if the Louisville meetings areabandoned, to transfer the dates allotted the tracks, to Lexington andLatonia, and carry out the fortydays given to the four Kentuckytracks.IRTHIS WEEKFinal ClearanceSale!D-JT 7 X III-- lf!sjk'lte&In order to make roomfor our Fall Shoes, dailyarriving, we are compelled to make a clean sweep sale and turn into cash thebalance of ourHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children's SummerShoes, Oxfords and Pumps at Great Sacrifice of PriceDon't miss your last opportunity to buy extraordinary good quality footwear at afraction of their actual value. This space is too limited to give the numerous bar-. gains that await you here. Visit our store and you will be convinced of these facts.'Ladies' Patent Kid Button Shoes -$3.50 values at $1.99adieB' Patent and Dull KidPumps, Louis and Low Heels, Mex$400 values at. . $Z.I9Ladies' Mahogany Tan Col.Pumps, Louis, Heel,' Welts, tt0 ao$4.50 values at .$Z99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords ,-and Pumps, $2.50 values at 3lf9Ladies' Kid and G. M. Shoes andSlippers, Broken sizes, $3.50 and -, M'$4.00 values at 51.49Men's Tan and G. M. EnglishShoes, Walk-Over, all sizes, ,$4.50 values at ;.$3.49Men's G. M. Eng. Oxfords, best , --makesall sizes, $4.00 values, at. ..$2.99Mes White Canvas Oxfords,rubber soles, $3.00values, at.... $1.99Men's and Boys' G. M. Shoes and - -Oxfords, $3.(KKvalues at $1.99Boys' Black Lace School Shoes, --,.$2.50 values, at ...Sl.TS1 Children's Patent and White CanvasPumps, $1.50 values at t...99.CLadies' most beautiful Grey, Mahogany, Tan, White and Black Boots, Oxfords andPumps, Walk-Over and other famous makesAT PINAL CLEARANCE SALE PRICES !Ladies White Sport Canvas d 1 A AOxfords, $2.00 values,at... tplUUWhite Tennis Oxfords,75c values at49cDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreUfcCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignI&?"Mr .j, -OluV-, ii&C -- -Y.-'nfv , . ,..-( v