THENEWSft -?-'&PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,1VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY MAY 17. 1918BOURBONV!5E PKEPARED FOR THE BIG REDCROSS DRIVE.The stage is all set, and the actorsall know their parts in the big RedCross campaign, which is to occupythe boards in the State all next week,from. Monday, May 20, to May 27. InParis and the county it is planned tomake a "one-day drive," for variousreasons, the principal one being that,as this is the busy season of theyear with the farmers, the solicitingcommittees do not want to inconvenience them by taking up more oftheir time than necessary.The campaign will be opened withthe big mass-meeting at the ParisGrand Opera House, on Sunday afternoon at three o'clock, the program ofwhich has been announced in theParis papers. Col. John R. Allen, ofLexington, a speaker of more thanlocal reputation, will be the principalspeaker of the day. The meeting willbe presided over by Mr. John B.Downing, of Lexington. Music forthe occasion will be rendered by theBoys' Band from the I. O. O. F. Homeat Lexington, and the CommunityChorus of this city.It is the desire of County Chairman James Caldwell, who has beenhard at work day and night to makethe drive a success, that everybodycome prepared to make their subscriptions at this meeting. There is noway to dodge the issue, and all whoare not seen on Sunday, will be foundon Monday. Not a soul will be overlooked, and the members of the soliciting committee will be sure to callon. you and on your neighbors. Sobe prepared for the inevitable.Make the work of the committees aslight as possible. You yourself canrealize what a vast amount of workwill be entailed in seeing personallyall the people in a certain locality.So help them out by being readywith, your contribution at the massmeeting Sunday afternoon.The following is a list of the soliciting teams and their captains ineach precinct in the city and county.They will be right on the job all thetime, and they want it borne in uponthe people of the city and countythat there will be no such thing asgetting away from them:Paris No. 1 F. P. Lowry and Dr.M. H. Dailey, Captains, and Woodford Spears, Thos. Kiser, Harry Kerslake, Walter Payne, Frank M. Clay,Continued on Page 4.)?The Price of Cotton is SoaringHigher, Ever HigherButthe Price ofWirthmor Waistsis Still the SameBBsS ..LLLb .LLV .LLLwy Jr9JB mPL SMc '.I A J & JM Xk sftX Ik 477 r WiSt I nay V wz m A 1 7 stIt is a unique and economical merchandising planthat enables us to still sell these wonderful WirthmorWaists at $1.00.The price of cotton and cotton fabrics has advancedexcessively-recently reaching the highest figure sineciTil war days, and still the price of WIRTHMORWAISTS remains the same.In these deservedly popular Blouses tbe;:materialsused are just as gootfas ever; they'll wear b wdlMeUaunder as well; they're made as finely ; and the STYLfcbare just as genteel and pretty as in "the past.Only the vast volume -WIRTHMOR sales, the manylarge economies of the WIRTHMORPL AN; coupled withthe forehanded purchase of material and a fixed purposeon the -part Gfr,theretiier : vtahold, downprice, -account for these truly:remarlqiWvalues,v .-,;Great RefficiQn$.in Suits and CoatsAITETEEN LEAVE MAY 29 FORCAMP TAYLOR.The Bourbon County Board of Exemption has sent official notificationsto eighteen draftees embraced in therecent call, to appear before them atthe court bouse on May 28, ready toleave for Camp Taylor, near Louisville, at 7:35 p. m., on the followingday, Wednesday, May 29. The firstfifteen men named in the list will gowhile the last three will be substitutes. The men who will enter theservice are:Harry Leach, Thos. McVay, CleveLewis, Mike Shannon, Leland HudsonBarnes, J. Scott Woodford, LloydLanter, Lee Grimes, James Lot Banta,Richard English, Andrew J. Turney,Alva M. Barnett, Walter Hobert Case,Harold Urmston Shropshire, MartinSteven Glenn, Walter Brown Crump,Thos. Leslie Cummins, Otis Coldiron.The Board received yesterday thefollowing official order from the WarDepartment, which is about as stringent as could be made.:"This call completes the call forwhite men in the second quota, andtViorofnro rr 1rra1 "Rnnrrl will flpfprthe call of registrants whose ordernumber is within this quota on account of being engaged in the cultivation of a crop, as provided in Bulletin No. 64. No registrant can bedeferred IN THIS CALL UNDERANY CONSIDERATION."FISH FRY AT NORTH MIDDLETOWN. Paris had a deserted look yesterday, owing to the fact that almosteveryone who could find means ofconveyance, attended the annual fishfry held by the North MiddletownFishing Club. Others put in theirtime at the carnival, and the newsgatherer had a hard row to hoe.The event was held on the banksof Stoner Creek, near North Middletown, and wa's a huge success. Hundreds feasted on fresh fish and a substantial dinner, prepared by the women of that vicinity.TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONSExaminations for teachers' certificates for white teachers of thecounty schools will be held in TheCounty Court room in the courthouse this (Friday) and to-morrow(Saturday) afternoons. The examinations will be conducted by MissSusie Clay and Prof. B. M. Roberts.GOIN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Prof. Clark White, former memberof the Paris High School faculty inthis city, who has been a guest offriends here for several days, leftWednesday for New York, where hewill report for service in the army.According to information receivedhere Wednesday, Mr. Miller Bernaugh, son of Mr. and Mrs. James D.Bernaugh, formerly of Paris, hasbeen promoted to the rank of sergeant in the aviation service atCamp Green, North Carolina.Har,mon Turner, son of Mr. andMrs. Edward Turner, of near Paris,left Wednesday night for the GreatLakes Naval Training Station, to re-4port tor service. Mr. Turner enlisted in the service some time ago atthe Louisville recruiting station.Among the enlistments in the aviation service at the Louisville recruiting station Wednesday wereCharles Landen Templin and JamesStuart Wallingford, both of Paris.The young men applied at Lexington some time ago and were accepted, the final enlistment papers beingsigned at Louisville.Mr. H. Earl Dickerson, a formerParis boy, who was ordered to report to the War Department atWashington, D. C, a month ago forspecial service, has been made assistant secretary to Capt. A. F. Hubbard,of the Small Arms Section Procurement Division of the Ordnance Department at Washington.John Hennessey and Pink Peddicord, of Paris, have offered theirservices to their country for duty asrailroad firemen In France, wherethe United States is assisting in newrailroad construction and operatingtrains for the allies. They are nowon waiting orders which may cometo them at any time.Mr. Jos. Q. Frakes, formerly ofParis, is a guest of his mother, Mrs.Carrie F. Stone, and other relativesin Paris. Mr. Frakes is now manager of a large retail shoe house inCleveland, Ohio. He is a registrantfrom Bourbon county in the specialservice class, and will remain hereuntil he receives an official disposition of his place in the quota fromBourbon county. '.'Mr. Sherman Snapp, formerly ofParis, who had his registration transferred from the Bourbon county draftto California, has, received notice toreport at Fresno, Cali.,.on or beforeMay 25, with the quoto from thatsection for army service. Mr. Snapphas been on the Pacific coast for several years as manager of a crew ofsolicitors for the Royal BakingPowder Co. He is a son of Mrs.Alice Snapp, of Paris.i:Rev. R. Quarles, a well-known colored minister of Paris, who is nowconducting a meeting in Louisville,received a letter from Nova Scotia, B.C, signed "Barrington," askinghim to come there and help thewriter in war work among coloredpeole. The writer stated he hadplenty of money and wanted to helptne Allies in the war, and that Rev.Quarles had been recommended tohim as a worker among the coloredpeople of America.Lieut. C. C. Dawes, formerly of theParis High School and the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., who is stationedat Camp Zachary Taylor, recentlytook a detail of Camp Taylor soldiersto Des Moines, Iowa, where they staged a boxing and wrestling tournament. The exhibition netted thesum of $1,500 for the war fund atCamp Taylor. Lieut. Dawes wascoach of th"e P. H. S. football andbasketball teams during the season of1916-17, and made an enviable record at athletic director.Mr. John Harris Clay has arrivedat the home of his mother, Mrs. C. M.Clay, at "Auvergne," near Paris, ona ten-days' leave of absence. Mr.Clay, who is stationed at LongBranch Camp, near Toronto, Canada, as a member of the Royal Flying Corps in the aviation service, isrecuperating from a recent attack ofmeasles. Another son, Mr. Cassius M.Clay, who is in the U. S. Army service, has been transferred fromCamp Zachary Taylor to the 12thBattalion of the Artillery Replacement Depot service at Camp Jackson,near Columbia, S. C.Mr,- and ilrs.' "Percy. Adair, ofnear Paris, have received- a Jetterfrom' their son,. Aljam Adair; who isnow a member of -the, American JJxperditionary IForce -4n Prance. Young:Adair,' is "a Corporal in he service,'beiiyg in Co, C 5X2th''Engiiieers Battalion: tThe letter was -written from'.."Soiie where ;in "France." . CorporalAHlair ttated that he was wellr andnot a bit hqnte8ick,-nd the. fact thathe was thousands of miles away fromthe old JflueerassLonly made. him themore eager and '.determined to light to.a finish to win. the -war so aB to .return to "ciVilfeation" gain. "..' i. -,- . -'' Mra. "Cljf top Arnsparger, of this, city, received a, letter this week fromTh'er son, Mr. iucien Arnsparger, stating that he was ill in the Base Hospital at JFt. Sheridan, near Montgom- rery, "Alabajma, fwhere herecently un-derwent an operation. Mr. Arnspar-MSEARCHING FOR MISSING BOY.In a search beine: condnotp.ri fnr i!iv-erett Blevins, aged fifteen, who leftnib nome in. Mt. Sterling, to enlist inthe navy, his father, Mr. George Blevins, came to Paris from Mt. Sterling,Wednesday, after a search at otherplaces, the result of which provedfruitless.Mr. Blevins stated that his son lefthome about ten days ago with theremark that he was going to Lexington enlist in the navy. Inquiry atthe Lexington recruiting office developed the fact that the young manwas turned down on account of hisage. He stated there that he waseighteen years old, but could not produce proof, and the officials beingskeptical, would not accept him.Mr. Blevins said that his son wasin his fifteenth year, and that hisleaving home under the circumstances, and his prolonged absence hadbeen the cause of great grief and dis-tress to his wifeand himself. Hesaid that the boys were engaged inraising a big crop on the place, andthat the boy who had disappearedwas badly needed on the farm, andthat if he would return he would bewelcomed and no questions would beasked. Mr. Blevins was of the opinion that his son was somewhere inthis county, where he had a largenumber of young friends.A description of the missing youthwas furnished the local authorities,and a search will be made for him.Mr. Blevins will appreciate any information in regard to the whereaboutsof his son, whose absence, he said,was only due to the fact that hewanted to join the navy.?5i K3CONSULTING ENGINEER HEREA consultation was held in theoffice of Mayor E. B. January, Wednesday by the Mayor, the Light Comimittee of the City Council, and Mr.W. H. Weiss, of Kansas City, whocame here from Memphis, Tenn., especially for the meeting.The object of the conference wasto consider the adjustment of thecity's claim against the Paris Gas &Electric Co. for a reasonable rate forlighting the city, and regulating theprice of electricity to private consumers'. The result of the conferencewas not made known.ger added that he would be glad tohear from some of his friends andacquaintances in Paris, as lying onan army hospital cot was a lonesome stunt. Mr3. Arnsparger alsoheard from her other son, Mr. Clifton -Arnsparger, who is in the serviceat Ft. Hamilton, New York. He hadreceived a promotion and had beenplaced in command of a servicesquad.Monroe Sweeney formerly ofParis, who was stationed for sometime at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, near Chicago, has beentransferred to Boston, Mass. In aletter to THE NEWS, Mr. Sweeneysays, in part:"When I returned from my furloughvisit at Paris to the Great Lakes station I was transferred about threetimes in two weeks, so I could not letyou know what had happened. I wastransferred to the Naval School ofAeronautics here at the Massachusetts Technical School about the firstof April, and I suppose I will be herefor some time yet. I want to seeTHE BOURBON NEWS coming myway again. We are always glad toget the home paper, and find outwhat has been going on since we'vebeen gone There are severalboys here from Kentucky, and a number of them come from the Bluegrass.Among those who have recently entered the school is Kenneth Alexanderof Versailles, Clinton Rhodes, fromLouisville, who v"e been on theWestern front for some time with theAmbulance Unit This is one oftire most wonderful aviation schoolsin the world. They are turning, outabout one hundred or one hundredand fifty aviators every two weeks,that is, that many graduate everytwo weeks in the ground school, andare sent to Key West, Miami, or Pensacola, Fla., and some are sent toBay Shore, Long Island We arekept busy every minute of our timefrom 5:00 a. m. until 10:00 p. m. Iam in my 'E Flight' now, which consists of courses in gunnery, electricity, radio, motors,- fundamentals ofnaval service, calisthenics, and twohours of drill every day Havevisited several places here and nearhere of historical interest, and I likethe city very much. The people ofBoston do everything they can tomake us feel welcome. There are sixhundred cadets in the Navy Aviationschool, while, the army also has a bigdetachment here in aviation ...... K.P. Slade and Harvey Jewell, fromLexington, are also among the newarrivals. I met Mrs. Richard -Anderson,(formerly Miss 'Hazel Cottihgham) and her husband bn the street,here the other day, and I certainlywasladto see them, aa Tbelleve theywere the first civilians I baveseeifrom home.sirice I have been. here. Iwas awfully sorry to hear of the sudden deaths -of Mr. W. L. Yerkes andMr. B. AFrank, as Paris, and Bpurbon county lose two of their most valuable and useful citizens in the death.of these Jtwp?nen I hope toget,a few "copies' ofTHE BOURBONNEWS re'al soon, as I miss the papermore than you can know. Just getaway from home onfce, and stay along time, arid then you will appreci-1ate-the, old" home paper oh, boy, yes,"!'I say sol- ' '"J. MONROE SWEENEY,'Naval Aviation "Detachment, Mass.-Inst, of Tech., Co: l21, Cambridge;Mass."' ?? - . kMASS-MEETING- OF COLORED CIT- BROTHERS - IN - LAW QUARRELIZENS IN RED CROSS WORK WITH FATAL RESULTS:F. M. Wood, chairman of the com- In the hearing in County Court be-rmittee for Ked Cross work for Bour- fore County Judge George Battertonbon county -among colored people, is of Clifton Griggs, charged with kill- ?calling a mass-meeting at St. Paul ing his brother-in-law, Charles Cur--M. E. church Sunday at 3:30 p. m. itis, with a brick, a verdict of ac-At this meeting every man, wo-'quittal was rendered, the evidenceman and child are expected to give showing Curtis the aggressor, andliberally to the Red Cross fund for that Griggs clearly acted in seif-de-'the work of mercy among the sol-fense. Griggs was discharged fromdiers in the United States Armv. : custodv.Both cash and pledges will be takennext Sunday and Monday.A house to house canvass willreach those who do not have the opportunity of attendingmeeting.the Sunday iF. M. Wood spoke to the Red CrossSociety at Millersburg, Wednesdaylast, after which a donation of fiftydollars was taken and at the sametime they pledged themselves to raiseone hundred and fifty dollars duringthis Red Cross Drive.All eyes are now turned toward thecolored citizens of Paris to see howwell they will perform this urgentduty for their sons who are sacrificing their lives for a world-wide Democracy. T 3 153FAMILY , SUITERS SEVERELYFROM PTOMAINE POISONINGPtomaine poisoning, presumablycaused by eating fresh fish, camenear having serious consequencesfor Dr. and Mrs. William K. Dudley,and their daughter, Miss FrancesDudley, who reside near Hutchison.The family had partaken of fish fordinner, arid in a short time aftersymptoms of ptomaine poisoning became manifest, and a little later allthree became violently ill. Physicians were summoned who administered remedies and soon had themout of danger.GOVERNMENT ISSUES CALL FORFIVE HUNDRED LABORERSDr. Frank L. McVey, president ofthe University of Kentucky, who isState derector of the public servicereserve and emploment service, hasreceived a call for 500 laborers fromKentucky to work in governmentshipyards, according to an announcement made Wednesday. Coloredmen are prefrred and the pay will be35 cents an hour. The men are needed before the' end of this week andtelegrams have been sent to the various local labor directors throughoutthe State.TROPHY OF SKILL.The big tarpon, which towed Dr.M. H. Dailey a distance of three mileswhile in a boat fishing in Florida lastwinter, has been mounted and placedon exhibition in his dental office. Thegiant fish is a remarkably fine specimen of the finny tribe, and a mutetestimonial to the skill and good fortune ot Dr. Dailey inlanding it.successfullyWE KNOW HWSTRAWHAS ARRIVEDaw'ELL DRESSED MEN' will now layaside their feltsnappy straws. We have a most completeshowing in all the new shapes - and braids. Splits,Sennets, Leghorns, Panamas and Bankoks in all thenew shapes and styles.Split Straws and Sennets, $2.00 to $5.00Leghorns$5.00 to $6.50wPanamas$5.00 to $10.00l"c Gtood dres&ersselect their hats with ' more care "- jfc. Jt-V ,, r ........ -.... -.. MhfpossiDiy man any otner arncies 01 tneir wararooes,arid if you select your straw hat from our store youwjll wear a becoming hat1MITCHELL &STETSON HATSNETTLETON SHOESAccording to the testimony adducted at the trial Curtis came to theGriggs home, while intoxicated, andbecame very abusive. Mrs. Grisreathreatened to call officers, which infuriated Curtis still more. He drew aknife and started toward Griggs, whobacking: away from him nicked uo a.brick and struck Curtis on the head.Sheriff Wm. G. McClintock andDeputies James Gibson and J. O.Marshall were called and went to theGriggs home in an automobile. Curtiswas brought in the machine to theParis jail, and- later to the MassieMemorial Hospital, where he lingered in an unconscious condition untildeath came. An investigation byphysicians revealed the cause of deathas a blood clot on the brain, causedby the blow.Upon learning of Curtis' death awarrant was sworn out for Griggsarrest. He surrendered himself voluntarily, and at the trial was acquitted. The body of Curtis was removed tothe home of his father, Mr. E. C. Curtis, in East Paris. The funeral washeld from the residence at nineo'clock Wednesday morning, withservices conducted by Rev. W. E.Ellis. The interment took place inthe Pine Grove Cemetery, in Clarlccounty.The victim was twenty-eight yearsold. He is. survived by his parents,four sisters, Mrs. Clifton Griggs, ofStony Pqint; Mrs. Herbert Weaver,of Knoxville, Tenn.; Mrs. C. Sharpeand Mrs. R. C. McMichael, of Lexington, and five half sisters. MissesNettie, Ethel, Jessie, Lorine andLouise Curtis.DR. BARROW HOSPITAL UNITCALLED TO ACTIVE SERVICEAfter a long period of intensivetraining at Camp Zachary Taylor, theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40, largely recruited from CentralKentucky towns, has been called foractive duty "somewhere in France."The unit will leave from the campabout May 25th, according to themost reliabe information at thistime.The following from Bourboncountv are members of the unitsOscar C. Ashcraft, Douglas K. Clay,Samuel S. Dick, Clarence Harney;Albert Houston, John H. Moran,Thos. Prichard, Herbert T. Sledd,Alvin Thompson, Clarence Whaley,Baldwin Woods, Thos. E. Gilmore,Julian Ingels, Russell Caldwell, 'RayH. Faulkner, Miss Edith nanna,Miss Mary Stone, Miss Robinson.IXhats for one of the new,1-iI'. a1aIa a1V.:IIJ.- vIBLAKEMORE ,i-STf IN-BLOCH CLOTHESMANHATTAN SHIRTSW81uh1i'rMMmIXiis,r'lJuniI'H..rtr'Ji'tI2' rw"'FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1S18PAGE TWO& y-n j$ ti . it tSL! ; mmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,ymCatarrh of ThroatMkiS Amalie Ruzicka, 1449 Southrstti St, Omaha, Nebraska, writes:"H have suffered with catarrh of the3&roxt I caught cold and it settledin my throat, and I coughed badlyin ii7 Trn very weak. I could not sleep-swi'liad no appetite. I had two doc-"-lutes, and had taken so many differentiwfrliclnes and found no help. I thought"Xirlll have to give up; but at lastmy mother read about Peruna, so I" itkewght of trying" that great medicine'a-nna, I got a bottle of it and in- afcbut four days I almost stoppedghing, and 'after a while I surely"frond relief, and from that time weare not without Peruna in our home."CouldNot SleepNoAppetiteNow Well.We AlwaysHave PERUNA in theHome.iwbi$$&j1Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.1C-SLUIA'UK" TO "GERMANIZE"AMERICA WITH EEFLES.An. Associated Press dispatch from"35ew York conveys this startling;:Eec&of information:"'Reports that thousands of rifles"ad been secretly imported from the"3&MPP gun works at Essen, Ger--mxnyin order to 'Germanize' the"United States, was related at the inquiry conducted by the State Depart?Biit into rumors that German inliut$rests had hoarded arms in thisvwxmtry."Edgar A. Holies, of New York,ssredited the reports to a man named"oaeph H. Crossley. Holmes, as a.aferoker, tried unsuccessfully to buy:2xe rifles."m mB-4 PI RE- Insure with' W.0.H1NT0N &SON,AgtsBOURBON COUNTY SPORTS NOT"ON" THE DERBY WINNER.35,000 EIRE LOSS IN OWENS30110 PLANT.The plant of the Owensboro Forgfn Company was destroyed by fire"TPttes&ay, with a loss of $65,0000. Inssarance on the plant amounted to-tO.O 00.7Fhe forges were heated by oil,"'TMch was pumped to them. One of33e "faelts in the building broke, and"aaa swinging around hit the oil pipe,xwftich was smashed. Oil flowed in astream to the forges and in a fewseconds the entire building was enveloped in flames. The company was5omg government work and had aTear's orders on hand.-m i-n mTire, Wind and Lightningr Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.It is reported that over $500,000filtered through the pari-mutuel machines at the Churchhill Downs track,Louisville, Saturday, where W. S. Kilmer's Exterminator, the longest shotin the race, won the Derby by lessthan a full length over Escoba, unexpectedly pulling down a rich pursefor his owner. Most of the moneyj came from the country precincts, anda good wad of it came from centralKentucky.So far as can be ascertained, noneof the Paris or Bourbon county"sports" are known to have pickedthe winner, consequently, they werenot among the few who "found money growing on trees." It is said thata certain wise guy from this citywanted to lay a couple of hundred onExterminator, but was so unmercifully, taunted by his friends becauseof his noor judgment that he aban-J doned the idea and played twentydollars an War Cloud, and lost, ofcourse. Had he followed his first inclination he would have pulled down,a small fortune.GOVERNMENT TO ELX PRICE OFWOOL.The Hohenzollern family is uniqueisa. "many ways. It is, for instance,-about the only German family withax' "living" grown sons.&bw Colorado wants La Folletteexpected from the Senate. Few die,stall fewer resign and none are ousted, from this comfortable body.The United States Government hasdecided to fix the price of wool. The' government absolutely will prevent' any sort of speculation in wool.Brokers' commissions will be specifically set by the government.The government has called on theExperiment Station at State University through President E. S. Goodeto -make investigations and recommendations for the handling of thejwool of the State of Kentucky.The extension Division of the College of Agriculture has arranged tohave M. O. Hughes to take charge ofI work of getting together for sale inj the best possible manner the wool of5 the State of Kentucky. Mr. Hughesis well acquainted in every way withthe wool problem a-nd with the people handling wool.MILLERSBURG.r0Mrs. A. S. Venable and son, Rev.A. S. Yenabic, Jr., of Lexington, arespending a tew days at the Presbyterian parsonage. rMrs. E. H. Dorian, of Memphis,Teiin., will arrive" to-day for severalweeks' visit to her brother and sister, M: S. M. Allen, and Mrs. O. W.Ingles.Mrs. Thomas Hicks and daughter, little Mis3 Bessie Hicks, returned to their home at Lexington, Wednesday, after a visit to Misses AlfaBall and Ruth McClintock.THE SICK. Mrs. America Butler continues to grow weaker; Mrs.Fannie Norton remains about thesame; Mr. Earl Hill, Mrs. H. J. Faithand Mr. James Clever are improving;Mr. Thomas is doing nicely at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in Paris.Don't forget the lecture-recitalby Rev. G. R. Combs, of Paris, tonight at M. C. Auditorium, under theauspices of the W. C. T. U. The lecture will be preceded by a twentyminute partiotic meeting by theyoung folks, which will be followedby Rev. Combs in his lecture, entitled, "Folk-Lore and Mountain Ballads." Let's give the ladies a fullhouse. Remember the proceeds go forthe purchase of avLiberty Bond.Millersburg is once more in holiday attire, as the annual commencement of the M. C. is o-n, and practically opened Tuesday night with thegraduation recital of Miss CarolineMclntyre, In piano. The college auditorium was well filled and a good ovation was given this most worthylady. Her numbers were classical andwell rendered. She displays considerable talent, breathing her own interpretation into much of her work. Theexercises will be continued Saturdaynight, at which time the young ladieswill put on the operetta. The artgallery of the college will be openedto the nublic on Saturday and Monday. The baccalaureate sermon willbe delivered at the Methodist cliurchSunday morning. The spring andsummer Red Cross drive will beopened at the Methodist church Sunday evening. The commencement exercises of M. C. will be concludedMonday at eight p. m., with the annual concert at the auditorium andwill close Tuesday morning, with theannual commencement exercises, atwhich time a number of young ladieswill take their degrees. Commencejinent guests are beginning to arrive,and by Sunday quite a number willbe in various homes. Mrs. EphriamWood, of Stanford is with herdaughter, Mrs. S. M. Allen, Mr. andMrs. Chas. Rhodes, of Flemingsburg,will arrive Sunday as guests of Mr.and Mrs. M. D. Hurst.MILLERSBURG COLLEGEMENCEMENT.COM-s-ii321JSl511ft 4If You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you.Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.INone better.We are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you.fi iLOWRY&MAYiIT?tf- 3-3Hi;rPainting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your- Property Decay For theWant of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paintWe sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all ypur wantstobe found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting rightJ 2 7 -.WallRapeand Piper Hanging.i i1 A Aft rIff.C A. DAUGHERTYtFifth and Main Streets. Thursday, May 16, 8:15 p. m.Miss Mclntyre's Pianoforte Graduation Recital.Saturday, May 18, 8:15 p. jm. -Operetta,"Sylvia."Sunday, May 19, 10:45 a. m.Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. 0. B.Crockett, of Shelbyville, Ky.Sunday, May 19, 8 p. m. Missionary Anniversary.Monday, May 20, 8:15 p. m. Annual Concert.Tuesday, May 21, 10:30 a. m.Graduation Exercises; address byHon. Victor Bradley, Georgetown,Ky.This year the missionary anniversary will be given over to a massmeeting for the purpose of raisingMillersburg's quota of the secondRed Cross W,slt Fund. Able speakersand appropriate music will be interesting features of the occasion.To all of these exercises the public iscordially invited.m m iEmperor Karl must be anticipatinghis visit to the Kaiser, with all theglee of a boy going back to school.Farms For Sale!The S. J. Jones Real Estate Agency,Hamersville, Boone County, O., isready to supply you with a 'goodfarm, large or small, worth themoney. (14-6t)l$ri5eIT TOOK IIS iWAisrvYEARS TO PERFECT THIS nRlMsrAt last after venrs nf afnJ,. A : u: r. j i r . .a drink that h fl nW7f'l , LTr T Tfwe"ave Ptaricatin. Ve wVoXrr VSEL -.7"1 ! i"1" iae. "w --.W - - - WV K.U LiQLlhl V IIirKPIVPS rtfmiA "? f " w.w.w wv4w a WA1ERAon themarkeL Nowwe know it is Right Fm Value of the best Pearl BarW J fT-iJ.rV a hOttlf nt Wora tnHow Onrl vaii -1 t. : t TT . . . M-'v.iuUJ u j,yt . i-i tomuuinops. J5everaison sale aticduuy agree inai in taste, vim drug stores, soda fountain mnfp.OTlH Pntn ! ..- -. tl Fl. T wwwwj."""P il auruusaes any oLuer suit xioners, grocers and other place3-uYwj uiupuuuwma luciuuu wuere sort drinks are sold.The Isaac Leisy Company, Cleyeland, 0.f.v-,Af-r,, 1XK7.drink.'. r,Terf'iasEssme Isaac Leisy Co.Evelano.0,'.SiSiSS'SSvvKorirrrroxitiRjrNafHE Isaac Leisy Co.EVELANJ I ! , 1. I ,H Isaac Leisy c vVCtANESTERMANVERKAMP CO.Telephone Main 1313SECOND AND MAIN STS., CINCINNATI, OHIODiitributors of BEVERAFor Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)LOSTBetween the 'residence of Mrs.'Belle Adair, on the Lexington pikeand Cohen's Shoe Store, a horseshoe-shapeddiamond' pin, with goldscroll work on side of horseshoe. Reward for return to BOURBON NEWSoffice.IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Climb. Phone 371.(23-tf)NOTICEAll persons who have not taken outDog License must do so at once asthe law will be enforced in five daysfrom May 11, 1918.And those who have not taken outWagon and Vehicle licenses musttake them out at once and place ontheir Vehicle the License Plate in aconspicuous place.E. B JANUARY,Mayor.PARIS, KY.,May 11, 1918.(14-2t)Found.Automobile license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)LOSTBetween the Power Grocery Co.and the M. J. Murphy Transfer Co.'soffice, a book containing $18.00 inbills, together with several papers.Reward for return to this office.(10-tf)Old False Teeth Wanted.Don't Matter If Broken.We pay up to 15 dollars per set.Also cash for Old Gold, Silver andbroken Jewelry. Check sent by return mail. Goods held 10 days forsender's approval of our offer.Mazer's Tooth Specialty, Dept. A,2007 S. 5th St., Philadelphia, Pa.(26-5tF)Public Sale-OP-Personal PropertyParis Lodge No. 373, B. P. O. Elks,having dissolved, the undersignedTrustees of said Lodge, will for thepurpose of settling its affairs, offerat public sale at the lodge rooms onMain street, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 3 o'clock p. m., onSATURDAY, MAY 18, 1918.a lot of personal property, consistingprincipally of:1 leather couch;2 large leather chairs, and a lot ofother chairs;4 large rugs and several tables;1 victrola;'. 1 set World's Classics, andra lot ofother books; .About 10 sectional book-cases,pictures, etc.i The net-proceeds derived, from the;saleof ther above property will be donated by said- Lodge to the MassieMemorial Hospital and -the Bourbon.County Red Cross Association, oneIhalf to each. Come and make thissale a big success for two worthycauses. ,Terms of sale cash. (WM.' GR ANNAN,D. C...PARRISH,.WM. SHIRE,Trustees Paris Lodge, B. P. O. Elks.. (14-2t)A. F. Wheeler's Specialon a-COOK RANGETo Save fuel you must have the kind ofRange to do this with. Our study for the pasttwenty years has taught us the kind of Rangeto furnish you with.A Beautiful Cast 'Range, RegularPrice $70.00, A Big Special For$55.00:.SUMMER GOODSON OUR FLOORS TO SHOW YOU!New Iceberg RefrigeratorSAVES ICE!You must save ice and to save ice you musthave a New Iceberg Refrigerator, because it is built lwith thicker walls and will stay closed by itself.LET US SHOW YOU. LOW PRICED.H ill II I j I ",Av?Sf?J P-5?2fei I ilk' t4v. gv-zbfc. ""' lil3K mil ' ill: .yBwmH ; iNew Process Gas StovesSAVE GAS!To save gas is an item. Ask your Mend that has one.They are built right They stand the hard use of gas. Letshow you.These Stoves are Low Priced, $18.50 to $84.00Try Trading at Wheeler's You'll Like ItA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and. TnirdSts. CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opposite Court HaustXTBS BOURBON NEWS, FAKHL n.FRIDAY, MAY J7, 1918f"Vi 1 T ""IxsJhetPendleton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTEI4LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY$Ve Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSVI BELIEVEI believe that I am right in thect nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any moritnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair ofeyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makait. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alscpromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who areji -need of eye help.Dr.Wm.Both Phones.RileyFranklin520 Main StLIBERTY BONDS TO BE DELIVERED IN TWO WEEKS.To supply Liberty Bonds to subscribers promptly, extra shifts ofprinters were set to work by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, andit is planned to deliver all bondswithin two weeks. About 18,000,000 bonds already have been printedand more than 10,000,000 have beendistributed throughout the countryby the Treasury.Secretary McAdoo formally announced that in accordance withrights reserved when he opened thethird loan he would make allotmentsof all the subscriptions in full. 'The total of subscriptions tabulated by the Treasury was nearly$3, 500, 000,000 and nearly half abillion more probably will be announced some time after next Monday. JE3 feNow that the Germans have decided that they probably won't takeYpres the sentiment is unanimous.SOCIAL ANDComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.HUM ii H 4H-I ! 4 J1H44-4 4 4 4HHU4MM .x4.rXMI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRSParis Ky.tMainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36(Misfit : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our'Limousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.MOPPPPPJtPPPPPifpfiMrs. W. F. Turner continuesvery ill at her, home near Paris.Mrs. Gordon Jett, of Paris, wasa guest this week of Mrs. W. S. Robinson, in Winchester.Rev. B. F. Orr and daughter,Miss Olivia, left yesterday for a visitto Rev. Orr's son, Mr. E. M. Orr, inLouisville.Mr. Ben Bucknerr Jr., managerof the Xalapa Farm, was a guest offriends and relatives in Winchester,Wednesday.Miss Elizabeth Kenney has returned to Georgetown College aftera visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Kenney, on South High street.rMiss Margaret Scott has returned to her school duties at GeorgetownCollege, after a visit to Miss Charlotte Henry, on Cypress street.Mr. W. W. .Hinton has returnedfrom the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Cincinnati, wher he has been apatient for several weeks, followingan operation.Dr. and Mrs. Wm. K. Dudleyand daughter, Miss Frances, are recovering from a recent severe attackof ptomaine poisoning, at their home-near Hutchison.Mrs. Wesley Franklin has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. W. A. Crowe, on West Eighthstreet, in this city.The Silver Greek correspondenceof the Richmond Daily Register says:"Mrs. David Parrish and children,of Paris,- were with Mr. and Mrs.James Adams, this week."Miss Ella Louise Keal has returned from Covington, where she attended the Christian Endeavor Convention, and visited her cousin, MissEdith Stivers, at Newport.The following delegates fromParis lodge attended the meeting inMaysville this week of the GrandEncampment of the I. O. O. F.: P. J.McCord, Thos. Williams, LawrenceVanHook and Wm. A. Lail.Mrs. Wm. Stewart, of NorthMiddletown, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,where she recently underwent a surgical operation. She was reportedyesterday as doing very nicely.Mrs. M. H. Hamilton has returned from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. L. D. Overmire, in Yorktown, Ind. She was accompaniedhojme by her brother, Mr. VernonOvermire.'who will be a guest at theHamilton home.Miss Jane Caywood, of nearParis, has gone to Washington, D. C.,where she has taken a position inone of the Governmental departments. Miss Caywood is a sister ofMr. J. B. Caywood, County Superintendent of Schools.Miss Winifred Hanley has returned to her home on High street inthis city, after a stay of severalweeks at St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington. Miss Hanley has completelyrecovered from the effects of an operation performed at the institu&Qnsonie time ago.Miss Helen Cain, or Paris attended the funeral of Joseph Horine,in Winchester, Monday. YoungHorine was the first Clark countyman to die in the U. S. Army service"over there" in the present war. Hisfuneral was made the occasion of apublic tribute by the citizens of Winchester.The following composed a houseparty being entertained by Mr. andMrs. Sweeney Ray, at their home onHiggins avenue: Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Harding, of Indiana; Mr. andMrs. A. L. Howard, of Lebanon, Ind.,en route home from Florida; Mr. andMrs. S. J. Florence, of Mobile, Ala.,and Mr. Harvey Prewitt, of Fayettecounty.(Other Personals on Page 5.)"S3" CSSiZZt.WOMAN'S NERVESMADE STRONGBy Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound,Winonm, Minn. "I stiff ered;f or morethan a yearjfrom nervousness, and wasso bad I could notrest.at nightwould lie awake andget so nervous Iwould have to getup and walk aroundand in the morningwould be all tiredout. I read aboutLydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Com-Jound, and thoughtwould try it. Mynervousness loonn-- 2-jf eft me I sleepwell and feel fine in the mornipg andable to do mywork. 'I gladly recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound-. to make weak nervesstrong." Mrs. Albert Sultze, 603Olmstead St.; Winona, Minn.How often do we hear the. expressionamong women, "I am so nervous,-1 cannot sleep," or "it seems as though Ishould fly. " Such women should profitby Mrs. Sultze's experience and givethis famous root and herb remedy,Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable' Compound, a trial.m For forty years it has been overcoming such serious conditions as displacements, inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, periodic pains, backache, dizziness, and nervous prostration ofwomen, and is now considered the standard remedy for such ailments.3Z no&f!TT V.WWTfcrlOUR MONEY NOT WASTED.All of the money being expendedfor war purposes is not going to be awaste. Some of it is going to beshot away; some of it is going to beinvested in machinery that will beuseless in time of peace.But a very great portion of it isbeing spent for things that will beas valuable when peace comes asnow, though not so imperativelyneeded then ships for instance.And as ror the immense amount spentin adapting our manufacturingplants ; war purposes, it is estimated thrt ") per cent of our war machinery i an and will be used forother manufacturing work after thewar.The invisible and intangible forces,the moral forces of the world, thesoul and conscience of mankind arefighting on our side.Karl Hapsburg finds that sittingon the lid of a kettle of mixed racesboiling over for liberty is not as easyas old Franz Josef made it appear.f 1 1 1 II I I I 1 IT 1 I I j-j--l-ff'M''Pure PaintDutch Boy"EVERYSTUDENT" FOR MAY.The May issue of Everystudent,the P. H. S. monthly publication,shows a fine array of literary gems,the work of the students, under thetutelage of Prof Clark and the editorial staff.The Everystudent fairly blossomswith good things gathered from thegarden of prose and poesy, and thereis not a dull line in the eight pages.The contributions show clevernessin a high degree. Everystudent, ina few words, is entitled to the highest rank in college publications. Touse a homely phrase, "it is all there."One of the best things in currentnumber is a humorous "take-off" onthe members of the 1918 graduatingclass, depicting in a George Adeesqueway the good points, foibles andfancies of each member. Other notable contributions are "Prophecy Forthe Class of 1917-18," in which theseer and seeresses vizualize futures ofthe P. H. S. students; editorials,"Graduation Then What?" "TheFuture of Everystudent;" "PlansFor Commencement;" "ChapelNotes," etc., etc.; a two-coliunn poetic tribute to the graduating class,in which the rhymster touches humorously upon the lighter sides ofthe student-lives.Everystudent is a classy publication, and the May number is like arefreshing shower during a drouth.MANY PURCHASING COAL SUPPLIES EOR NEXT WINTER.Twin Bros.Department Storejfcatsj Jfeats.Lot No. 1 $1.00Lot No. 2 1.49Lot No. 3 1.9SLot No. 4 2.50Lot No. 5 3.98These are all newhats.You can depend on paint made of pure Anflf)v Brandwhite-lead and pure linseed oil. It gives iMIUIW UIOllUWhite-Leadgreatest covering power and longest-wear,Dutch Boy white-lead, tnixed-witfr purelinseed oil, makes weatherproof paint.For interiors, it assures a beautiful,smooth7 surface,' easily washed. Any tint.Whether you buy of us over the counter,by mail or by telephone, you-will haveourbest service. t,Our stock is complete,arid-reliableN., - 'A ' 'SPyLast Saturday and Monday a localcoal dealer disposed of several carsof r.oal to coimtrv customers who aretaking time by the forelock, and laying in their winter's supply of coal.Our-citizens should Jieed the advice of the Fuel Administrators inplacing at once their fall, orders forcoal. Local shipments will likely hecurtailed w-hen the lake shipmentsstart to move northward, and it willconseauently be hard to obtain-supplies .of coal, this fall. Fair warninghni h'fpn sriven to' everyone, by -theGovernment, and appeals for, assistance wilL likely not receive the sameconsideration as was grented lastfall. The troops will be moving allwinter and coal must be kept goingWash SkirtsNew Ones, from98c upUowelSpecialTurkish Bath, size 4221inches, 40c value, special at29c eachjCadiea SilkJfosieryin plain and fancy stripes75c eachTwin Bros.Department StorefWolf, Wile & CompanyNotwithstanding the fact that Woolen Materials are jcontinually rising in price and will go still higherand with labor costs increasing,We Announce AnExtraordinary SaleofTailored Suits$25.00 $29.50 $35.00All from our regular stock and representing big reductions in price.iIIsHI1$12S1IIS1We Also Announce A Big Sale OfWomen'sSilk DressesAt $25.00In'Crepe de Chine, Georgette, Crepe, Silk GinghamsLuzftui Sand other choice materials.WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Seal Cora!We Have Some Very FineNEALSPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isaLimited.C. S. BALL OAKAti&lCor.! Fourth and Pleasant Sis.ITT U&V&f;iiKiriHiJ?!j?ii?Jill! i nft'ft:milHr '!',: rC. A. DAUGHERTYi to the.coast.5, , ,& 'm n n r-jr - - ?t5itt" -V - I -., 4'TiiivonFRIDAY, MAY 17, 191STHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.h;,AyTH BIG BED CROSS DRIVE.(Cpntinued from Page 1)H. 0. James, Emmett M. Dickson, W.B. Webb, Wm. Grimes, J. M. Hall,John Yerkes, Geo. D. Speakes.Paris No. 2 E. T. Hinton and E.H. Gorey, Captains, and A. B. Hancock, :T. P. Burnett, Ed. Prichard,Geo. W. Clay, John J. Williams, Dr.J. T. Vansant, W. G. McClintock, H.Clay 'Howard, Rev. W. E. Ellis, J J.Grosche, Rudolph Davis.Paris. No. 3 D. C. Parrish andFrank P. Kiser, Captains, and J. 0.Marshall, Dr. H. M. Hamilton, PearcePafou, Sidney Ardery, W. O. Hinton,Edward Burke, C. O. Wilmoth, LewisT, X.illeston, Raymond McMillan.jParis No. 4 C. K. Thomas and C.P. Cook, Captains, and Wm. Bryan,F., J. Savage, Wm. Myall, WalterClark, B. Santen, S. K. Nichols,. J.Harvey Hibler and Withers Davis.Paris No. 5 M. J. Lavin and L.D. Harris, Captains, and M. Pi Collier, H. L. Baldwin and Frank P.White.Paris No. 6 G. W. Wilder andGeorge Batterton, Captains, andBoone Baldwin, Chas. Green, J. W.Bacbn, Dr. D. S. Henry, S. E. Bedford, Dr. J. T. Brown, John Young,J. Will Thomas, Jeff Denton, WillStewart, Ernest Martin.Hutchison No. 1 Robert Meteerand James Wilmott, Captains, andJohn Wiggins, 0. B. Lloyd, JamesThompson, Jr.Hutchison No. 2 Wm. B. Arderyand Chas. White, Captains, and J.M. Brennan, Matt Lair, Hugh Ferguson, Matt Bedford, W. W. Hall.North Middletown No. 1 J. W.Jones, and Rev. F. M. Tinder, Captains, and John T. Collins, L. D.Mitchell, J. W. Young, Jr., John J.Redmon, J. S. Talbott, Logan Bryan,W. S. Meng, Roy McCray.North Middletown No. 2 BenWoodford, Sr., and Charlton Clay,Captains, and Russell Faulconer,Brooks Clay, T. J. Harney, W. C. Tuttle, Gaiio Hildreth.Centerville No. 1 V. W. Ferguson, and John Welch, Captains, Walter Shropshire, John N. Shropshire,Hub Clifford, G. R. Burberry, HarryChinn. hCenterville No. 2 StanhopeWeidemann and Samuel Houston,Captains, and Mrs. T. H. Tarr, C. B.Cox, Miller Ward, E. C. Cleveland,Joe Ewalt, Calvin Jones.Ruddles Mills No. 1 G. W. Wyatt,Jr., and James Fisher, Captains, andJohn Marston, Jack Cunningham,Walter Tate, Dr. Geo. Rankin, Current Cunningham.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Amos Turney, Jr., and George Current, Captains and W. H. Brannock, HarryHolt, Owen Kennedy.Clintonville No. i Thos. HenryClay,, Jr., and Luther Rice, Captains,and Lee Stephenson, Sam Weathers,James Woodford, James Liter.Clintonville No. 2 George K.Jones and John Woodford, Captains,and Julian Frank, George K. Pepper.Little Rock No. 1 J. Elmer Boardman and S. R. Burris, Captains, andBob Parker, Lindsay Stewart, JimWilson, Forrest Wasson, Troop Clark,Roger Crouch, C. H. Dalzell, P. L.McClure, Edsell Clark, R. H. Burris,Chas. Hopkins, Finley Burris.Little Rock No. 2. Sam Clay andW. P. Wornall, Captains, and Woodford Buckner, Thomas Buckner, SamP. Harding, Redmon Talbott, AyletteBuckner.Millersburg, having their ownseparate organization, no committeemen were named for the two precinctsin that locality.Through the generosity of Mr.John B. Elliott, of Lexington, president of the Colonial AmusementCompany, which teases and operatesthe Paris Grand, the free use of thehouse for the Sunday afternoonmass-meeting has been made possible. Mr. Elliott has on several occasions .donated the use of the housefor patriotic meetings and it goeswithout saying that his action willalways be appreciated and pleasantly"remembered by the people of the cityand "county who" are interested inthese "movements.A .novel feature of the Red Crosscampaign will be the public sale ofa yearling jack colt, a six-months-oldjennet colt, and an eight-year-oldje-nnet, in foal. This sale will beconducted in front of the court housedoor to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at which time the animals willbe disposed of to the highest andbest bidder. They were donated tothe Red Cross by Mr. WilliamSparks, of near Paris, who was movedby patriotic motives to make the donations. The animals are sound andin good condition, and will be agood investment for the purchaser.Several patriotic displays havebeen arranged in the show windowsof local merchants all well conceivedand well executed. One of the mostnoteworthy and one that attracts theattention of everyone has been arranged in J. W. Davis & Co.'s window. It shows samples of all thework done in the sewing rooms of theRed Cross, and work that is beingdone at present by them.WHEAT FLOUR SUBSTITUTES !SHOULD BE SOLD CHEAPERWheat flour substitutes should sellfor from 10 to 20 per cent less thanwheat flour, Food AdministratorHoover has so notified State Administrators. The administrators wereinstructed to direct wholesalers tostop dealing with retailers who cannot justify their prices on the basisof cost of their goods.Cornmeal and oatmeal should sell20 per cent below the price of wheatflour and barley flour should sell 10per cent, below wheat flour, the administrators were informed.PLANS FOR COMPLETING GAP INDIXIE HIGHWAY READY.The JDepartment of Public Roadshas submitted to the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture plans andspecifications for the completion ofthe seven-mile gap in the Dixie Highiray between, Livingston, Rockcastlecoumty, and Parker's Creek, Laurelcounty. The remaining gap will cost$27,1. Of the amount, $14,337.50hac ben raised by private contributions' and an equal amount will bepaid by the State out of the FederalAid Fund. It is believed that theDixie1 -Highway will be open fortraflc by fall... . . Ws .:,&DEATHS.-MYERS.The funeral of Mrs. Julia Myersaged eighty-five, who died at thehome of her son, Mordecai Myers,near this city, was held at the Camargo church in Montgomery county,Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock,with services conducted by Rev.Southgate, of the Methodist church.The burial followed in the familyburying ground at Camargo.Mrs. Myers is survived by the following children: Mrs. Sarah Howard and Robert Myers, of Oklahoma;Mrs. Mary Everett, of Connersville,Ind.; Mrs. Ellen Horton, Mrs. Chas.Hazlerigg, Mrs. Nannie Thomas andMarshall Myers, of ML Sterling, andMordecai Myers, of Paris.BONNELL.The funeral of Mr. Ezra N. Bonnell, aged ninety, who died at theMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, after a short illness, was heldat the home of his daughter, Mrs. A.L. Boatright, on Walker avenue,Monday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.Services were conducted' by Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, assisted by Rev. R. H.Ellett, of the North Middletownchurch. The officers of the ParisChristian church acted as pall-bearers.The body, accompanied by Mrs.Boatright and her daughter, MissWinifred Boatright, was taken to hisold home at Iola, Kansas, for interment. ELLISON.Dispatches in the daily papersWednesday from Columbus, O., toldof the death there of Col. Jas. D.Ellison, aged seventy-three, banker,publisher and railroad manager, wellknown in Kentucky. Col. Ellison wasa prominent figure in Cincinnati business circles, and was one of the earliest members of the celebrated QueenCity Club, of that city. He had beena sufferer from heart trouble for sometime.Col. Ellison was at one time General Manager of the old KentuckyCentral railroad, which is now theLouisville & Nashville, the KentuckyCentral being the division runningfrom Covington to Lexington. He wasa frequent visitor in Paris, where hewas well-known to the business menof that time. He was a native ofAlliance, Ohio, to which place thebody was sent for interment.PARIS MAN ELECTED HEAD OFGRAND ENCAMPMENT.Maysville people extended a rightroyal welcome this week to the delegates from all over Kentucky whoceme there to attend the annual session of the Grand Encampment I. O.O. F. of the State. About one hundred delegates were in attendanceupon the sessions.The Encampment was in sessiontwo days, closing Wednesday withHie election of officers. After conferring the Royal Purple degree on a.lumber of candidates the members ofhe Encampment and delegates weregiven a banquet by the members ofthe Maysville lodge. The next meeting will be held at Providence, inWebster county. The following newofficers were elected:Grand Patriarch, P. J. McCord,Paris; Grand High Priest, C. L. Perkins, Catlettsburg; Grand SeniorWarden, Curtis Clarke, Newport;Grand Junior Warden, Roy Forman,Lexington; Grand Scribe, Richard G.Elliott, Lexington; Grend Treasurer,B. J. Durham, Danville; Grand Representatives, Otto A. Breith, Newport, and M. M. Logan, Frankfort.Most of the new' officials stepped intooffice automatically, having been advanced one degree by the retirementof their predecessors, but there wereseveral vacancies filled.'fe fe 3CAMPAIGN TO CHECK WASTE INTHRESHING.A campaign to check the waste ofwheat in threshing operationsthroughout Kentucky bas been inaugurated by the Food Administration,the Kentucky Council of Defense andthe Agricultural Extension Service.The campaign was undertaken at theinstance of Washington, where it waspointed out that the annual wastageof -wheat in threshing- reaches enormous proportions.The work in Kentucky of the threeorganizations mentioned will be directed chiefly towards securing repairs and more careful use of threshing machinery.A committee has been organized ineach wheat growing county in theState to have charge of the work inthat county. This committee consists of a -representative of theCounty Food Administration, a representative of the County Council ofDefense and the County Farm Agent.This committee will undertake inveach county to direct the use ofthreshing machines in such a manneras to secure the maximum amountof service, with the most efficient arrangements as to dates and removalsfrom farm to farm, in addition to itswork of keeping the threshing machines in good repair, and of cleaning up the scattered grain, generallyignored and wasted, in tbe past.fe fe feLIGHTNING HAD NO EFFECT ON, THIS COON.It's good to be hard-headed sometimes, especially when there's a boltof lightnjng playing around loose inthe vicinity.James Daugherty, a colored farmhand on the Clell Turney farm, nearParis, can testify to this. Daugherty,while steering a team of mules tosafety in a barn during a recentelectrical storm, was struck by lightening, which also struck the barn,doing no damage to it, however.The mules also escaped injury.Daugherty s hat was torn from hishead, and burns inflicted on his face,neck and arms. He was not seriously injured, and was able to be inParis Wednesday, where he told of(hjs experiences. t v -,. v 7CSESB THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFriday, May 17thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war taxKathlyn Williamsand Tully Marshallin Cecil DeMille's Great Artcraft Picture,"the Whispering Chorus"King Baggott and Marguerite Snow Inthe 10th episode of"TI-;E EAGLE'S EYE"PricesRELIGIOUS.A collection will be taken at themorning service at the Presbyterianchurch for a service flag. All whodesire to contribute to this fund willplease bear this in mind.The Ladies Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church will meetMonday afternoon, May 20, at 2:30o'clock, at the home of Mrs. NewtonMitchell, on Duncan Avenue.T-he ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will have an all-day sewingto-day, beginning at 9:30 a. m., atthe Red Cross sewing rooms in thecourt house. All "the members areearnestly requested to be present.Women of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, won their forty years'fight for full lay membership in thechurch, when the General Conference, in session 4 at Atlanta, Ga.,struck from the church law theproposition against tbeir election aschurch stewards and as delegates tothe General Conference.The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet at thecourt house at 6:45 Sunday evening.The subject will be, "Education, theDoorway to Success" Leader, MissNellie Fithian. Those who at-"-tendedthe State Convention at Cov-1ington as delegates, will give a short Jtalk. There was a large and enth-siastic gathering at the Convention..'The public is cordially invited to attend. The sixty-first session of theSouthern Baptist Convention is beingheld at Hot Springs, Ark., beginningon Wednesday of this week, May 15,and continuing for ten days or twoweeks. Representatives are in attendance from all of the SouthernStates, and it is expected that several thousand persons will attend thesessions as delegates or visitors. Alarge delegation from Kentucky, including Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, ofParis, is in attendance.In connection with the meeting ofthe convention the thirteenth annualmeeting of the Woman's Missionary jUnion of the Southern Baptist Convention, is also being held.The revival meting in progressat the Christian church, conductedby Revs. W. E. Ellis and J. J. Castleberry continue to draw large audiences each night. Rev. Castleberrypreached to a crowded house lastnight, taking as his theme "Becoming a Christian." To-night his subject will be, "Facing The Facts ofLife," a special sermon for youngpeople. Saturday night he willpreach a special sermon for parentson the subject, "The Priesthood ofParents." Sunday morning the subject of the sermon will be "Steps ToLife's Summit," and Sunday night"Two Great Questions About Jesus."The evening services will beginat eight o'clock. The public is cordially invited to attend. A specialfeature of tbe meeting is the song service under the direction of Mr. A. L.Boatright. The young people are especially urged to attend the serviceand special sermon to-night.E3 Es 1E:-B0URB0N COUNTY RECRUITINGDAY IN Y. M. C. A. WORK.Bourbon County is called upon notonly to furnish its quota of men toenlist in the Army and Navy, butalso men to wear the khaki and helptheir brothers keep fit for the demands made upon them. This latterservice is with the Army Y. M. C. A.,which follows the flag on land or sea.The following telegram under dateof May 7 indicates the urgent needof Army Y. M. C. A.:"Situation overseas evidently becoming more critical, note followingimportant' cable fiom AmbassadorSharp to War Personnel Board."Appealing need workers withAmerican troops minimum requirements to-day 600 for approximately200 important unoccupied points.Many of these an firing line. Secretaries alone at front are breaking under terrific strain, we must have immediate adequate relief to avertsatastrophe."Kentucky is asked to furnishtwenty men each month and BourbonCounty should help Kentucky do itspart at this time. To that end allmen interested in learning the fullparticulars of the Army Y. M. C. A.service are invited to meet SecretaryG-. J. Johnson, at the Y. M. C. A.Building, Paris, Saturday, May 18,between the hours of 8 a. m. and 5p. m.The Bourbon County Y. M. M. A.will gladly make an appointment forany man. Apply to Z. L. Wilcox,y. .m. c., a, Building,-Paris, sKy.vSaturday, May, 18thWilliam Eox PresentsJewell Carmenin five-part feature'The Kingdom of Love'Also Sunshine Comedyin two parts, 'Suds of Love.'Hearst-Pathe News No.34At the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.'tMATRIMONIAL.BURRIS TRIPP.A pretty home wedding was solemnized the first of this week, whenMiss Sidney Katherine Burris, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Burris,of Little Rock, this county, becamethe bride of Mr. Linn Ayer's Tripp,of Omaha, Neb. The ceremony wasperformed by Rev. Ward Russel, pastor of Little Rock Christian church,in the presence of friends and relatives of the family.Before America entered the wart-he bridegroom was in charge of theWest Side Christian Church Missionin Indianapolis. It was while in at-tendance upon the Christian ChurchConvention at Indianapolis that thecouple became known to each otherthrough introductions. Mr. Tripp isnow located at Ft. Crook, Neb., wherene is director in cnarge or tne reng-ious and educational workof theArmy Y. M. C. A.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Tripp left for a honeymoon trip tov.iiiuugo. r i om mere iney win go toBellview College, near Omaha, Neb.,Hvhere they will reside in the future,m IKS 11 ILIFE INSURANCE PAID.A check for $10,055.37, representing a life insurance policy and interest from time of death, has beenllllo1 ftlTAl -frt "J T r 13iiitAn Av-is.9ao,ui iigu uici ivj juio. iui iuu linciiucy ranK Dy iuiss jvaie iuexa-naer, localrepresentative of the Union CentralLife insurance Company. The checkrepresents a policy held in that com-j-nany by Mr. Frank.hLfcKHfHOBws! Great Net of Mercy drawn through BH kSSEPvjSBLVftsS! xi Ocean of Unspeakable Pain Bl'SS8 TkeAmericanRed Cross V sJlGET THEtl;. C-... nJ .I hl Pe U0"lte?.t0tne Ked cross rund byTO TEST HEALTH CONDITION ONFARMS.A careful investigation of thehealth conditions on all Kentuckyfarms applying for boys from the.United States Boys' Working Reserve, will be made by a committeerepresenting the Reserve, the Kentucky Council of Defense, and theCounty Health Oflicer, in each case,before a boy is assigned to the farm.This policy was adopted upo-n suggestion from Washington, pointingout the necessity for maintaining thebest health standards on the farm asa safeguard to the boy laborers.County representatives of the threeorganizations mentioned above havereceived instructions from their Stateheadquarters to insist upon the besthealth conditions on the farm beforefining the farmers' applications forDOyS from the Reservei The examination will include a testof the Water and milk, an inspectionQf the room, or rooms, to be occupiedby the boy laborers, and an inspec-tion of the wells, as to location and...... 7. . . 7..liability to imprities.The committee in charge of the examination has been instructed to report unfavorably on any farm, ap-, plying for a boy from the Workingj T?pRerVe. which is not im to sntisfar.-torv standards in this regard.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous AttentionPatrons.toHOT AND COLD BATHS.RED CROSS HABITxDan CohenMonday, May 20thStuart Blackton PresentsANN LITTLEand CONWAY TMARLMIN"THE WORLD FOR SALE"Adapted from the novel by Sir GilbertParker. Also Sunshine Comedy"ShadowsHofHer&$ in "two parts.PastThat revolution in Russia, which,was to restore the monarchy and putthe little Czarevichy on the throne,seems to have died a-bornin'.Sweet Potato Plants !Sweet potato plants. Special priceon large quantities.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(17-3wks)For Sale Privately.The two-story brick business housesituated on the east side of Mainstreet, between Seventh and Eighthstreets, in Paris, Ky., consisting of alarge store on first floor and livingapartments on second floor, with allmodern conveniences. For terms,apply to tbe undersigned at his officein the First National Bank Building.WM. GRANNAN.Agent for Ed and M. J. Coughlin.(14-lt)WHOLESALEGROCERYWANTEDI want to buy a small wholesalegrocery. Will leave present management en charge. Strictly confidential. Address,P. O. BOX 596.Cincinnati, Ohio.Contributed by Jno. CasL!336 Main StreetParis, Keatuckygf1" -H' MFRIDAY, MAY 17, 1910THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGE 'JjIUE'SJwfexf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRfcNT & BRO.( may 7-8 1)m mmINSURANCE PATj).Mr. Louis Wbllstein, secretary ofthe Endowment Rank of the localIvnights of PytHias lodge, received acheck for $2,000, in payment of apolicy for that amount on the life ofthe late Mr. E. B. Hedges, who diedsome weeks ago. The check wasturned over to his widow, Mrs. E. B.Hedges.NEW AUTO SERVICE.Mr. J. H. Fuhrman, of the ParisTransfer Co., has just put in servicea handsome new auto with a seatingcapacity of twenty people. The autowill be operated in the transfer service in the city of Paris between hotels and the L. & N. depot and otherpoints.The service may be extended toMillersburg and Carlisle, as futuredevelopments may warrant.IS P3 ISFANCY STRAWBERRIESFancy Tennessee strawberries thatare shipped direct from the patch.We receive them daily.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.m m mWOOL WANTED.Call and get sacks andtwineR. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr30-6t)Tsa lea iREAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.Mr. B. S. Parribh, who recently-old his general merchandising storeat Austerlitz, has purchased a farmof 105 acres near Jett's Station, inFranklin county, for a price notgiven out for publication. The farmis known as the old Jett place, andis at present occupied by the familyof the late Dr. C. H. Tiffin, of FrankTfort. The farm was sold to Mr. Parrish by the owner, Mr. E. C. Walker.Mr. Parrish will get possession onJuly 1.En Es laJEWS ARE CELEBRATING THEEEAST OF WEEKS.From sunset last night until sunpet to-night, according to the old custom, Orthodox Jews of this city willcelebrate the Feast of Weeks, or thefestival of Shabouth. According toBiblical injunction, the festival wasobserved in Palestine as one of thethree harvest festivals. It was celebrated on the fifth day after the commencement of the Passover, takingits name from the Greek, and wascalled the Pentecost.Many Parisians will go to Lexington, where divine services will beheld in commemoration of the festival, at the Maryland Avenue Temple.Dr. Joseph Finklestein, of Cincinnati,will speak at the morning service today on the subject "Divine Ideals."COMING ATTRACTIONS AT PARISGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Friday, May 12 Government and Ladies' Day. Two ladies admitted on one paid admission, plusthe war tax. Kathlene Williams andTully Marshall, in "The WhisperingChorus;" King Baggot and Marguerite Snow, in tenth episode of "TheEagle's Eye."To-morrow, Saturday, May 18Jewel Carmen, in 5-part feature "TheKingdom of Love;" two-part Sunshine Comedy, "Suds of Love;"Hearst Pathe News No. 34.Monday, May 20 Ann Little andConway Tearle, in "The World ForSale," from the novel by Sir GilbertParker; Sunshine Comedy, "Shadows of Her Past."ml m mSOMETHING NEW IN CAKESThe famous and delightful DelinaSponge Cakes and Angel Food Cakesare to be had at our store at 25 centseach.C. P. COOK & CO.Ea m Pa '(It)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Barnett Winters left yester-day for a visit to friends and relatives in Eminence.Mrs. W. F. Turner, of near Paris,"was taken to the Massie -MemorialHospital yesterday, for treatment.Mr. N. Kriener is convalescingfrom a recent severe attack of pneumonia at his home on Twelfth street.Rev. J. J. Rice was a guest offriends Tuesday in Carlisle, wherehe was formerly pastor of the Presbyterian church.Judge C. A. McMillan and Mr.Robert C. Talbott have returned froma trip to Louisville, where they wenton professional business.Mrs. Roger Q. Thomson, of Columbia, S. C, who has been visitingthree weeks in Hot Springs, Ark.,will arrive Monday to visit her aunt,Mrs, John T. Hinton, and Mr. Hinton. Mrs. Phelps Sasseen, of Abderson, South Carolina, who is visitingMiss Cora Addams, in Cynthiana, willcome to Paris for a visit to herbrother, P. R. Smith, and Mrs.Smith.First Lieutenant Milton J. Stern,who is stationed at Camp Wadsworth,near Spartensburg, S. C, in the Medical Reserve Corps, is visiting hisfather, Mr. J. A. Stern, who has beenvery ill for some time.Mrs. Hershel Humble will leaveto-day for a short visit to friends andrelatives in Somerset. From thereshe will go to Camp Forrest, -nearChattanooga, Tenn., to join her husband, who is stationed there in theforestry branch of the service.Rev. J. T. Tadlock and wife,who have been the guests of theirson, Mr. Thornwell Tadlock, leftthis week for the Kentucky mountains to recuperate his health. Rev.Tadlock was compelled to give upthe pulpit on account of failinghealth.(Other Personals on Page 3.)JS! E3 19COUNTY COURT NEWS.In the County Court Wednesday,Attorney Robert C. Talbott, of thelaw firm of -Talbott & Whitley, appeared before County Judge GeorgeBatterton and qualified as executorof the estate of the late Mr. E. B.Hedges, by furnishing bond in thesum of $7,500.In the Juvenile Court, Judge Batterton gave a jail sentence of twentydays at hard labor to T. B. Kelley ona charge of contributing to the delinquency of the three children ofJames Sanders, by enticing Mrs. Adams, their care-taker, away fromhome.Fisher Williams, colored, chargedwith forgery, was given a hearingand held over to the grand jury atthe next term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt. Williams could not furnishthe necessary $200 bail, and was sentto jail to await trial at the Juneterm of Court. Williams secured morethan $200 on forged checks on Parisand Bourbon county men.)S JS E5AUTOMOBILE CLUB SUGGESTED.The suggestion has been made byan automobilist of Paris that thecounty needs an automobile club, fathered by the automobile dealers ofthis city and Millersburg. Such aclub would be a great deal of assistance to the county officials andothers interested in creating sentiment for better roads in the county.The auto club would stimulate,more interest in autos in this vicinity, especially commercial trucks,thereby profiting the dealers for theeffort expended. The auto club willbe a great civic factor in both stimulating interest in better roads andin demonstrating the value of thecommercial truck.DR. WILKINSON AND HIS CHOIRVISIT PARIS.An audience that filled the room tooverflowing gathered at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, in this city, Tuesday night, to hear and greet Rev.Dr. Richard Wilkinson and thechoir of the Church of the GoodShepherd, of Lexington. Dr. Wilkinson took as his theme, "Love," delivering a discourse full of deep thoughtand eloquence, characteristic of thespeaker, who has on more than oneoccasion, appeared here publicly. Dr.Wilkinson is a wonderfully eloquentand fluent speaker, and was giventhe closest attention throughout thedelivery of the sermon.The choir, under the personal direction of Mr. August C. Gutzeit, aformer resident of Paris, and one ofthe most gifted musicians in theState, rendered a specially preparedprogram of sacred music which fittedin well with the occasion. At theconclusion of the service a free willoffering, amounting to $50, wastaken, which is to be applied to thebuilding fund of Dr. Wilkinson'schurch in Lexington, which wasdamaged by fire some months ago.Those who came from Lexingtonfor the services weie A. C. Gutzeit,Dr. E. F. Tuttle, Chas. B. Young,Henry Kelley, Frank W. Tuttle, Jr.,J. Esten Keller, Mrs. Henry Duncan,Mrs. Thos. Warren, Mrs. Henry Keller, Mrs. R. L. Northcutt, Mrs.Claude Miller, Mrs. Sarah Blanding,Misses Lois Warren, Ellen Blanding,Lucy Kelley and Gertrude Morton.Mr. J. Esten Keller, who was a resident of Paris many years ago, was inthe audience. Mr. Keller was confirmed in the Paris church sixty-oneyears ago, and was reminded thatall of the members at that time havesince passed away.Pa m iaEXPERT TO GIVE HOME DEMONSTRATIONS IN PARIS.Practical demonstrations in themanagement of milk, its products,cheese, butter, etc., will be given attwo o'clock this (Friday) afternoon,at the home of Miss Lucy Simms, onSecond street. The demonstrationswill be made by Miss Ratcliff andMrs. Golden, of the Home Demonstration Department of the Universtiy ofKentucky.Another demonstration of similarnature will be given in North Middletown, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock in the oldChristian church building.This will be a rare opportunity forthe ladies of the city aifd county towitness these demonstrations, whichwill be easily understood and madeplain by the demonstrators.CALLED MEETING OF DAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACY.WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnen South Main Street.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(aprl9-l;n)T3ia 5"COME SEBEN 'LEVEN."Eleven colored people, ten menand one woman, arrested in a raidon a crap game in Claysville by Patrolmen Judy and Lusk, were presentPd hpfnro Pmmtv Judge Batter-ton for a hearing. . With the exception of one man, Will Myers, whowas dismissed; a fine of -$20 andcosts was assessed against the hunph.The game was -tipped off to thepolice as being- in progress at thehouse of Braxton Howard, a coloredhorse-trader in Claysville. , When theofficers arrived with the "hurry-up-agon"there was a scramble to getaway, -but the hand of the lawbrought them to ternis.The parties captured in the raidwere Braxton Howard, Irvine Han-ners, John Kellis, Harry Green, Jos.Todd, George Rollins, Wm. Myers,Smiley Davis and .Andy Love. A colored woman Earned Mary Timmons,was .taken along, charged with vagrancy.ODD FELLOWS' CELEBRATION ONSATURDAY, JUNE 1.One hundred and sixty childrenfrom the Odd Fellows' Widows' andOrphans' Home at Lexington, accompanied by their superintendent, matron and teachers, will visit Paris onSaturday afternoon, June 1, for thepurpose of giving a free open airconcert in front of the court house.The program to be rendered willcomprise music by the Boys' Band,which has become a great favorite inParis, and by the Girls Orchestra,recitations and songs by the childrenand an address by a speaker not yetselected.The occasion will be a notable one,and the weather permitting, will bethe means of attracting a largecrowd to Paris. It will be an eventof especial interest, to Odd Fellowsand the members of tlieir families.There will be a called meeting ofthe Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughters of Confederacy, in the Confederate room in the court house, on nextTuesday afternoon, May 21, at threeo'clock. This will be an importantbusiness meeting. Let every member make a special effort to be present and on time. "MRS. THOS. MCDONALD.ik m mTOTAL ECLIPSE OF SUN.A total eclipse of the ' sun whichwill occur June' 8, 1918, will be thelargest and most important of a lifetinie in all the Southern States, iniseclipse will be visible throughout theUnited States, the eclipse being totalaling a path about seventy mileswide extending from Portland, Oregon, to De-nver, Col., Jackson, Miss.,and Orlando, Fla. In all other partsof the United States it will be partial. TS 1E3 ISTOBACCO MEN BUSY.With the advent of warm weatherthe tobacco men of the county aregetting busy, putting all their timein preparing the season's crop. Mr.George K. Jones, one of the mostprominent growers in the county, hasplants ready to set, and will beginnext week transplanting them. Mr.George Rose, another hard worker,has plants almost ready and expectsto have his men in the field at workon them by Monday," and -will put outseveral acres. Altogetner ,tne seabuuis very promising, though it has beenaccompanied by many setbacks.-im'te laSCHOOL COMMENCEMENTThe Eighth Grade commencementexercises of the Ruckerville GrammarSchool was held at Shorter ChapelA M E. Church, in Ruckerville, lastMonday night The honor roll WasT,nnA n follows: John L. sorter valedictorian of the class; EthelThomas Clay, salutatorian; Bffle MayLindsay and Earl Asher. The classmotto was "Not Finished, Just Beffim " The exercises were attendedby a large number of the patrons andfriends of the school.THEKODAK"" Hyssr-XsfaatpAn IdealGraduationPresentThat is Always Useful.Also Albums, Carrying Casts and a FullLine of Kodak Sup-,plies.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Main:- !..'.!ammmmmmmmmmmnmmammmmmamtmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmamwar-line Economy Sale!Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the following;very interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestS Hlllfo Pnn-n nnrl Tivinnn s-n- 4-1i? nnln Tl-lClsj styles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,4 Economy Sale price $ 1 7,75i Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,1 tte Economy Sale price $24.751 Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values.Economy Sale price $39-50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials inraga CZL Li CorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50T values at $2.29Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at. .$ 1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each $ 1 .69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard22 1-2cTrimmed Hats at Special PricesEvery idea and style represented m"this-Hgrouping, including the wanted ."colors andblacks.$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $2;39$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3. 29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $4.98$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5.98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98Economy Sale SpecialsHosiery.Ladies' Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pairLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pairLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pairm39c69c39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. .-$1 .98Economy Sale SpecialOnclot Lace Curtainsvalues up to $4.50, atHalf PriceThis Sale is Now Going On!HARRYMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.MWWHtWflThis Sale is For Cash Only!SIMON224-228 W. MAIN ST'LEXINGTON, KY.IiJiiI!'1w "itahE are showing the most extensiveand beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can i surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.THE J. T. HINTON CO.1 Wl34 Ifi II ig , - t .- ., Ffem Ei .-,!',J.-.V- ftif i -sif&XTtl Af.jrJJ Mr:-v e.WlliHlIW m mp tire w& W wt WiWLXWt wt wi !m tf I m twm wt wm Wl 1 W iVtis.1liI?:,iiHIwTr!p.&.1iKb ' 'ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.MGESX1T!IFRIDAY, MAT 17, ISISi !September, Army Officials PredictColonel Roosevelt May Yet Command Division to Help Suppress rthe Hun Great Activity in Military CirclesSince Return of Secretary Baker.WASHINGTON, May 15. Therecent turnof events in France hasbrought about a marked change inmilitary circles here, and, accordingtovmany who are accessible to insideinformation, there is little reason todoubt that at least 4,000,000 menwill be under training by September1st, instead of the 1,000,000 menoriginally planned upon. PresidentWilson is known to .be in favor ofraising this huge force, a-nd SecretaryBaker has made it plain that he willnot be satisfied until America has anarmy sufficiently large to make thedefeat of the Hun an assured possibility. Henewed activity on the part offomer President Roosevelt's friendsto land him a high commission havecaused considerable comnient in official circles, and there are many inhigh authority who predict that hewill soon be offered a berth on General Pershing's field staff.It is hoped that a smaller percentage of rejections will occur, as manyof the red-tape rules governing theacceptance of men have been abolished. It is well known that many menmight qualify who are now anaemicor underweight, by the use of a proper body builder. "Numerous casesmight be cited to show that men haveincreased their weight as much as tenor fifteen pounds within two weeksby the use of an easy-digested, organic iron.Run-down, thin emaciated creaturesare no longer wanted- either in thearmy or civil life. Men of strongvitality and fully equipped physicalpower and stamina are now required,whether in battle or business life orthe more hazardous work of leadingmen "over the top" in the Flanderstrenches.The human system requires a certain degree of iron to properly replenish the blood and tissues of thebody, and the food of modern civilization is such that eighty per centof the populace lack the properamount of this necessary organic sulphate. Thus we behold a race of prematurely old, bald-headed, false-toothedvictims, with begoggled, lack-lustreeyes and faltering step, instead of asturdy, strong-limbed people as inthe iron-absorbing ages of Caesar andCedric; the Saxon.'If you are run .down, anaemic, wornout, lackr bodily vigor, sleep poorly,have no appetite or lack weight goto Brooks & Snapp, druggists, a-nd getHOW " &&BKMzr!BtiOUTWITTED BO0HE "KUIiT.tJR" ,How an American alarm clock keptthe whole German line guessing andcaused the Germans useless expenditure of large quantities of machinegun and rifle ammunition all onenight was related by an Americansoldier.The Americans had been trying forsome time to draw the fire of certainenemy units."Leave Friz to me," said a happyfaced young American, who, puttingan alarm clock under his arm, disappeared into No Man's Land, undercover of darkness and fastened theclock to a wire.Soon the alarm rang, whereuponthe Germans opened fire. The wirehad been so arranged that the clockcontinued to ring intermittently, andeach time drew a violent fire fromthe enemy. Meanwhile the Americansrested in their trenches and enjoyed ahearty laugh.An American officer turned thetables nicely on the enemy recentlybombardment to concrete dugoutsbehind their trenches, leaving thefirst three lines to one man, whowent around setting off flares, leaving the first .three lines to one man,who went around setting off fires, soas to create the impression that thewhole front was alive with Germans.An American patrol leader went overand discovered the ruse. He killedthe one German, invaded the trenchesand gathered dozens of street signswhich the Germans had posted, returning to his own lines with thesigns tucked under his arm.DO IT NOW.n r4-fln rf A ni ri Tynn ILffrtai'! T,irr ifa week or two. Then, if it hasn't Tn6 Germans had retired during amade a new man of you return thebottle and your money will bepromptly refunded.Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood, but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who suffer fromthe' effects of thickened, heavy blood,coagulated and polluted with thewaste matter, of the winter's accumulation, AS-I-M stands without a peer,for 'it not only thins the purifies theblood, but carries the various impurities out of the system naturallyand effectively. As a generalI "spring tonic" and as a prompt relief for that "tired feeling" ana rundown condition so prevalent at thisseason, it remains the only natural,non-corrosive, fully assimilable anddigestible iron known to medical science. On tiie market over thirty years,and with thousands upon thousandsof testimonials from physicians, lawyers, clergymen, pharmacists andlaymen who testify to its merits,A-I-M is the only remedy which issold with the distinct understandingthat its purchase price will be refunded if it fails to benefit in everypossible degree. Reject all spuriousimitations, which profit - seekingdruggists try to foist upon you,, anddemand the original Acid Iron Mineral. For sale by Brooks & Snapp,druggists. (adv)t .Paris People Should Not Wait UntilIt Is Too Late.Now is the TimeCo Figure on VourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROSThe appalling death-rate from kidney disease is due largely to the factthat the little kidney troubles areusually neglected until they becomeserious. The slight symptoms oftengive place to chronic disordeis andthe sufferer may slip gradually intosome serious form of kidney complaint. If you suffer from backache, headaches, dizzy spells; if the kidney secretions are irregular of passage andunnatural, do not delay. Help thekidneys at once.Doan's Kidney Pills are especiallyfor kidney disorders they act whereother fail. Over one hundred thousand people have recommended them.Here is a Paris case:Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasantstreet, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills at different times, getting them from Oberdorfers DrugStore and I have found them a splendid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave acted irregularly or my back hasbeen weak and lame, I have found abox or so of Doan's Kidney Pillshas been sufficient to cure me of theattack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same "thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)-pt m aPROFESSOR CA2KN0N GIVES DATATO GOVERNMENT.Hi ftlHSr IHftVB BVSk flBWl S3A9 I JU W- t lfcjiy"'lyv. J"""- r l. V f r m m. Vr MHBik Wjvpf' mad a jh rmzm im. iiw 1 v.spa rr ij rrr t i -. rr wm j - l.-w tws rm rar m-w rr.. b - w m i vBtaaa mltbi wswjmx ult iuh wj ..:rjj; iLf'TuJj u fvhji kbi rbbbx-m B -isiap-gw&gi m. w 4v teiATJISi vffftlm2"I :- ia? from Goodrich Dl,T the Citv of Goodrich. Ihevhave officially announced thegrand mileaere cf Goodrich'snation-wide Test Car work of 1017:1,044,686 linear miles.SF$i 4,1 &, Y44 tire miles.Those figures indite the EmancipationAct of motorists, freeing them from tiremishaps and amputated mileage.Compressed in them is the story of thefamous Six Fleets, and how they hurledGoodrich Tires the length and breadth ofour nation, over city pavement and countryroad, ploughing themthrough sand and mud;mauling them against rockand gravel.Mathematics has no favorites. That multipliedmileage of 4,173,744 i tileswJU 2xsImuI01iiiipi Iy sdf Denial Is fljM tho Add Test I$ Tl o Lo7altr r! ll BUY WAR IJc rl SAVING VU i STAMPS !al 53 Onit f!1 tf vry Goodrlct) VI rD Branch and llTiJiSJty' Vlr T-RS3S18Z&&&&coldly, calculatingly, puts the seal of multiplied proof on Goodrich Tires, and stampsthem "Tested." In that searching test, noslightest defect, nc hidden short-comingcould escape the sitit of the Goodrich experts. SILVERTCfWN CORDS, and BLACKSAFETY TRiSADS, under light and heavycars, defied the- rough going of roads wherever the Test Car Fleets rushed them.The spiral-wrapped, cable-cord tire body,and Goodrich's tough black tread rubberfought the hard fight and conquered.Seek tire surety and long mileage in theproven service of "America's Tested Tires."Goodrich guarantees you will get it becauseGoodrich tested and got it.Tecvrtf Tires mean 100 per cent, quality.Dern.: it. Tested Tires 'mean supremo2rvice. j demand iciDMfejTHE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANYCincinnati Erai:ch: 1110 Race t., Cincinnati, Ohio.ktn"2IItit4it;A!)ni.jMv.ft9f0 f"?ju----' '--- - - ---;?vrGEO. W. DAVISrUINERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES -DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KWantedMale Help(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand Nailers. Wood WorkingMachine Menand Laborers forBox FactorySteady yrorlc Good waget. Excellent factory conditions. Half holiday Saturdays with pay.Apply at nc, SuperintendentMENGEL BOX COMPANYMCVRPOIIATK12th and Ormsby LOUISVILLE, KY.Henry S. Cannon, Nicholasville,professor of German, University ofKentucky, has sent a collection ofpost cards procured during his stayin Germany, to the War Departmentin Washington. The cards showbirds-eye views of various cities, public buildings and railroad bridges inGermany and are valuable information for the War Department. Professor Cannon also had maps of Germanriver routes and roads which he intended to send to Washington, butthese have unaccountably disappeared. Professor Cannon has received aletter of acknowledgment from theWar Department, expressing appreciation for the service and requestinghim to communicate with the department if he has any other such information, especially if it concerns thecountry west of a line south fromHamburg.MAKES ALL THE DIFFERENCEWHO MAKES MISTAKES.rr.rre3riti5niIjfTXiKj2DaATjrwrir'i r. i i i y j t- i.i uiii k i : i-i x c i-p . ni - u t a -r i.-1r """- .r ' ' . , ,rw-,w -rvwn, vr&v. JKXMZmcrivo'34tDftr-jrMiM'ftjCKMwrFpXSnfXXAfJfSgsSitt?Z&G&&R&XWK&XrJt&2When the plumber makes a mistake, he charges for it; when a lawyer makes a mistake, it is just whathe wanted, because he has a chanceto try the case all over again; whena carpenter makes a mistake, it isjust what he expected, because thechances are ten to one that he didn'tlearn his trade thoroughly, anyway;when a doctor makes a mistake he"buries" it; when the dentist makesa mistake, he can always repair thedamage; when a judge makes a mistake, it becomes the law of the land;when a preacher makes a mistake,nobody knows the difference; whenan electrician makes a mistake, heblames it on induction, because notone out of a hundred knows whatinduction, is, anywayBut when a newspaper man or aprinter makes a mistake GOODNIGHT! FAREWELL TO PEACEAND HAPPINESS!ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.We paid out some Red Crossmoney a while back. We paid it outand forgot it. That's how much ithurt.. Perhaps it would be a goodidea to have a look at what thatmoney has been doing.That money went, dollar for dollar, where it did a full day's work,no matter for what it was appropriated; Three cents of it may have had thehonor of disinfecting with iodine thethree torn wounds of an Americansoldier on the French front. Or itmay have had the less noble responsibility of pinning a warm flnannelbelly-band around six-year-old Antome out back of Noyon.There's the whole path of ruinfrom Belgium to Switzerland just tovisualize one thing at a time. Ifyour Red Cross money went there, itvery likely provided pots and pans,food and clothes, beds and blanketsfor the repatriated people. Threeyears ago these people were prosperous and contented, self-respecting,,steady, saving, hard-working, everyday small-town citizens.Now they have the "earth underthem and the sky over thein," notone thing else, and it is for you tosay whether the American Red" Crossshall stop its mercy work amongthese unfortunates.The Red Cross is yours, just asour army and navy are yours; yoursto support with the same fervor andloyalty that led you to the bottomof your purse for Liberty Bond subscriptions. It's your voice to saywhether your Red Cross, now asking for one hundred million dollars,shall falter or sweep onward, greater and more helpful than ever before. Your dollars must answer.-fe m m-Treat your wife as you did whenyou were courting her and she willworry herself to death wondering ifyou are too good to be true.Ever sit in your house and watdha group of people in animated conversation on the street corner, whileyou couldn't hear what they said?Just like moving pictures.Ba ks feLove asks no question. And thepitiful part of it is that a lot of innocent children would be better offif love did.HOW TO TREAT PRO-GERMANS.The time is coming when Germansympathizers will be run out of every community where they areknown. If they are wise they willeither shut up their mouths or leavefor Germany. Dal ton, Ga., Citizen.Leave for Germany not much!That is the last place to which theywant to go. You might as well suggest that they leave for the lower regions as to suggest their voluntaryreturn to Germany. We have noships to spare to forcibly ship themback, and so the next best thing isto intern or inter every pro-German,or make them work on the public highways for a living. If they areGerman spies, then the thing to dois to shoot them without mercy ortrial. It is time for this country tomake a real aggressive war upon ourenemies at home as well .s upon ourenemies abroad. ,BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veil, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WRIGLEYSrMM time. sweetmeat 3m-9W'3L the benefit, the 9y9K0jM Pleasure, the economy 9JwfBLLl a 5c Package of - 3JmA njg JPfrcXl 'vVRIGLEV'S 3HbSUhjUa I vorite "swest ration4 3HHSlTu of the ATied armies. 3.fWUMX 4I : -z jm Wm v H at f hs frnnt- 3v9i r vm j av vR longest -lasting re- 3ij X 7 Sl freshment he can -1 : f&y carry.WvBl 1 CHEW IT AFTER 3m Ar EUERY MEAL JI S Tbe Flavor Lastslllmfr THREE WUKKKKKKKtfUf kinosFi jFRIDAT, "MATn7, 18THE BOURBON NBWS PARIS, JOT;" uf--TAMMM-Vd& JOC LflpTmBWWBWWKF-MU &K3ToiletPreparationssupply the very help naturerequires. They rectify morbidskin conditions men trom thesource of skin health, springsloveliness of natural beauty.Don't confuse Marinello Preparation, with ordinary cosmetics.They're different. Theyeorrarfaultsand foster natural "Rose Real"Beauty.MRS. M. A. PATON437 S. Main Phone 330"DEVIL DOGS" NAME GIVEN TOU. S. MARINES BY HUNS.United States Marines in Franceare rapidly acquiring new soubriquets. The Germans, terrorized bytheir pianiacal fighting, have dubbed these Americans "Devil Dogs."But the French who have come incontact with the Marines refer tothem as "the millionaire soldiers,"due to the fact that Marines areconstantly dividing their pay withthe French women and children whoneed help. In many instances marineshave been known to give up theirentire month's pay to purchase foodfor destitute French women.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.TOGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinet RangewA beautiful lint of Garlandt n !lay. Com Irian Iok thm vr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inoorponita4)mm.yOncDropUurton Poultry RtniMiyj-??" CURESA, few drops In the - wrrdrlnldn water cures CAPFSl andnrerents white -diarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makef12 rallons of medicine. At druggists or by mall postpaid, valaEble poultry book free on reaueafe.IHUH KKIT M., iHtafiw, .RED CROSS A2TD GOYERNMENT''Why doesn't ihe Government doit?" is a question you sometimes hearconcerning the work of the AmericanRed Cross.The answer is: "Because the RedCross can do it much better than heGovernment could."It can do it more cheaply. A largepart of the personal services for theRed Cross are performed by unpaidvolunteers. Chairman Davison recently declared that ten million people were working for, the Red Crosswithout pay.The Red Cross is a much more flexible agency thaft the Government can,be. It had no real organization inItaly when the Italian armies weresuddenly dislodged and, driven backto the Piave last fall. Some thousands of families in the evacuated territory fled from their homes. A hurried summons brought the Enropeanchief of the American Red Cross tothe scene with aids. Immediatelythe Red Cross was picking up children who had been separated fromtheir mothers, getting helpless families under shelter, providing food.Three million dollars was spent tomeet that unforseen need.The Red Cross can work in a waythat would be fairly impossible for agovernment. For example, everyofficer and agent of the French Government will gladly assist the RedCross to find and help a mutilatedFrench soldier or a destitute Frenchfamily. The French Governmentmight have some quims about accepting charity from the American Government. No question of nationalpride or of policies comes up whenthe Red Cross is concerned. Everywhere it is received without reservation as a friend.The American public subscribed ahundred million dollars to the RedCross last summer. Our Governmentmight easily have appropriated thatsum for the work. It would havebeen lost in the mass of war appropriations and meant nothing in particular to anybody. It would havebeen merely so much impersonal,cold-storage money. As one-half ofone per cent, of the Government'stotal war appropriations it wouldhave looked meager and lifeless.Freely subscribed by the people themoney is warm with human sympathy. France, Italy, Poland see itnot as a bookkeeping entry made bya machine called the Government ofthe United States, but as the generosity of fellow creatures. It palpably means that to us also. The RedCross can do it much better than theGovernment could.IS pa ?aNEW DENTAL CAR TOR ARMYWONDERFULLY EQUIPPEDThe government has recently beenpresented with a dental truck whichis remarkable for its completenessand the ingenuity of its design. It isillustrated in an article in the JunePopular Mechanics Magazine. Attached to either side of the body andmounted on frames that fold up, jack-knife-fashion,are tents that can beopened quickly when the car is atrest. These are used as living quarters for the men in charge and forquarters for the men in charge andfor professional work. One is equipped with a portable dental chair andan oil heater.The body of the car is equippedwith a regulation dental chair, a gasadministering outfit, spacious cabinets for instruments, a washbasin,30-gallon water tank, rotary pump,etc. Acetylene gas is supplied fromcompressed tanks for lights, a heater,and a brazing torch. Storage batteries supply current for auxiliarylights, a dental lathe, and an electricengine.IS a ISSTRENUOUS TIME AHEAD EORSTEEL MEN.Gradually the line is being drawnagainst non-essential industries andthe latest move of J. Leonard Replogle, director of steel supply, meansthe temporary extinction of a goodmany.At a recent meeting in New Yorkbetween Replogle and 50 leadingsteel manufacturers of the country,the latter were told the time hadcome when the government must befurnished practically with 100 percent of the steel output, and all others mu?t wait and take the crumbsif there are any.Every manufacturer signed apledge to produce at maximum capacity and to hand over the wholeoutput to the steel director as. fastas demanded. From now on not oneounce of steel will go for any butwar purposes.' This means no new structural steelbuildings or bridges will go up, unless needed for military purposes andautombile manufacturers will be enabled to turn out very few cars forprivate use.Manufacturers of pots, pans andhousehold hardware will approachzero.Every old kitchen stove, automobile, tub or sewing machine whichhas a single kick left in it must bekept going with repairs, not scrapEven farm implements will bescarcer, although they are classifiedas "war needs."HOW-THIS?-We offer "bne Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beent.von vv satarrh sufferers for thepast OMfeL -years M4, hs be-jcope nowu u u?. ir,3:.rrnneav ior tja.ia.rrii. nan o v,v" .Medicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous' surfaced, : expelling thePoison rom theBlOod and healingthe diseased portions.After -you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine 2dr' a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking HallsCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free &Toledo, Ohio.Sold by' all Druggists, 75c.TROCOCompare Troco With the BestButter Yon Can But at Anv Price-a-r B HIS appetizing new product is offered as butter's successor toJL"'...Liy&-those who heretofore have used nothing but butter.It is made by an exclusive process a process which gives thedelicate flavor of gilt-edged creamery butter. The more criticalyou are, the better you will like Troco. ,The makers of Troco specialize on this one product Theyhave perfected the method which produces the quality whichmakes Troco. not a butter substitute but actually butter's successor.!&Jw.1 ,An AttractiveCombinationTroco is churned from the fat extractedfrom the white meat of coconuts the samedainty tropic delicacy you use shredded on cakecombined with pasteurized milk.It is as nutritious as butter and even moredigestible. Like butter it is energy food of thehighest value.You wiU use Troco in place of butter solelyfor quality because you rarely find butter sopure and sweet. Your dealer will supply youtowith a capsule of the vegetable coloring usedby butter makers.But remember, Troco contains no animaloils, and no preservatives. And that it is made ,by a company which makes no animal oil products only pure, sweet, appetizing Troco.Remember to SpecifyTROCOAsk for Troco by name if you want to en?) hjoy the butter flavor and butter quality whichother nut butters lack. Your dealer has it or,can order it for you. A 'phone order will bringpiuxiijjb unvciy cuiy wncic w ,rf,kiii-v5f.aTROCO NUT BUTTER COMPANYMILWAUKEE, WISCONSINvmumHIHIB. A, BRINKER CO., Cincinnati, O.,DISTRIBUTORS.M..M...tMM.........MMM.M..MlWMMM.IThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryapplian fl.experthelpers we. are . preparedto do work' inferior ton none, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Columbia GrafonolasSBlHilBc4t'iColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKY7i,.. i,vi 1 !.;3$4 3- a7 V.- ifl;aiw4v.. .:(yntj?:M?rii i -i 2 ?a -n 'it-Is-Of Them We Ask Their Lives;Of You Only MoneyTHERE is only one way to give to the Red Cross give till yourheart says stop. A little contribution is only a salve to pride.This is not to say that contributions of only one dollar, oreven of only one nickel, are not desired and needed. They are!For you to give $5 when you can give $25 for you to give$25 when you can give $100, or to" give $100 when you can give$500 is to dodge the heaviest obligation that this war haslaid upon you. Remember, this is not a charity: this is a duty.No man can tell you how much youought to give. Except this: that"Over There the ned is so greatthat only by catting to the quick,only by giving all that you think youcan give and then mofeonly by giving not a little of your excess butmuch of it only by taking from yourown children and from your wife andfrom yourself, can the need of themen who are fighting for you and theneeds of the children of the men whohave died for you be metMillions of loyal Americans willpledge a part of each month's earnings during June, July, August andSept. $100,000,000 must be raised.What Will Ypu Do To Help?Red Cross 2nd War Fund May 20-27Every cent given to Red Cross War Fund goes forWar Relief.The American Red Cross is the largest and mostefficient organization for the relief of suffering thatthe world has ever seen.It is made up almost entirely of volunteer workers, 10,000,000 unselfish Americans.It is today bringing relief to suffering humanity,both military and civil, in every war-torn Alliedcountry. t 'It is there to help our soldier boys in timeofneed.By helping the starving women and children inthe ruined districts of France and Italy it performsa distinctly military service. A soldier who knowsthat Red Cross is helping his family fights withrenewed spirit.Thus does Red Cross help to win the war.Congress authorizes it.President Wilson heads itThe War Department audits its accounts.Your Army, your Navy, and your Allies enthusiastically endorse it.Twenty-two million Americaps have joined itJTo Help Win The War Iff- wv., -i V IiHON. JOHNALLENWILL ADDRESS THEi,BIGMASSMEETINGOPERA HOUSE 3 P. M. SUNDAY-H. O. O. F. Band, Community Choir, Patriotic Songs, Etc. Come and be prepared to givedon't "alack!" $20,000 to be raised on Sunday and Monday. HOLD UP YOUR END!n slltThis Space Patriotically Contributed to the Red Cross Fund byPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co., Shire & Fithian, W. A. Thomason, T. H. Clay, Jr.' J,'zJJJJ1 i! .' ?TImmiMmSy!L.WkT&$ - Z-.n.i" .r.i. iji.)jrA$ . 'V A'4A. &i J Si' sM.tS I Kh"i"s. i $Vupa'.'f ' i - 'V