iigp."$" i,NEWS.,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1918fTHEBOURBONsrnfv--jV- TVEHICLE CRASHES INTO AUTOCAUSING MAN'S DEATH?Because of reckless driving deathlias again invaded, the homes ofParis people already bowed down under a weight of sorrow, with theircup overflowing. This occurred whenRichard Butler, son of Mr. and Mrsv. u.MassieMemorial Hospital, in thiscity yesterday morning at six o'clock.as the result of injuries received bybeing thrown from a buggy in whichhe was riding.Eye witnesses who testified at theCoroner's inquest, held at the courthouse yesterday afternoon, statedthat young Butler was racing down.South Main street about 7:15 o'clockWednesday night, with a coloredman named Matt Holmes. They w-regoing out the street at a rapid pace,almost side by side. Butler's hoisedrew a little ahead, and as he approached the home of Mr. LutherAshcraft, on South Main street, Mr.Dee Ashcraft and Mrs. Ashcraft werejust ahead of' him in their auto.Just as they were about to turn intothe driveway at the home of his fa-'ther Butler yelled to thejin to get outof the way. Mr. Ashcraft endeavored to swerve his machine to the center of the street, thinking there -wasa runaway team behind him. Beforelie could accomplish this Butler'shorse and buggy plunged into theside of the car. The buggy v. aswrecked, and Butler was thrown violently to the pavement, landing onhis head. Mr. Ashcraft ran to him,and finding him unconscious, withblood flowing from his ears, mouthand nose, immediately drove for jmedical aid. The Davis ambulance wassummoned and the unconscious manhurried to the Massie Hospital. Therean examination revealed a fractureof the skull and a blood clot at thebase of the brain. Young Butler lingered until yesterday morning, when-death ensued.Coroner Rudolph Davis held an inquest yesterday afternoon at threeo'clock at the court house, when thefacts " as adduced were embodied in"the following verdict by the jurycomposed of H. M. Collins, foreman,H. H. Burris, C. F. Sprake, A. L.Stephenson, F. P. Lowry, I. F. McPheeters: "We, the jury, find thatRichard Butler came to his deathfrom being thrown forrn a bug-,gy driven by himself.' We also "ftndthat the accident which -resulted" inliis death was caused by no fault ofanyone, being simply a case of reck" less driving."Mr. Butler was thirty-six yearsold. He is survived by his widow,-who was formerly Miss Lula Kim-1HOLIDAYANNOUNCEMENTISf THE HOUSE OF QUALITYTo-day We Announce Our Readiness ForCHRISTMAS BUSINESSWe now display for your critical inspection a bewildering array of Jewelry and Novelties jmost suitable for Christmas Gifts. We offer belowsuggestive Gifts for Men, Women and Children:Gifts ForWrist WatchesLa ValliersVanity CasesHesh BagsSterling Toilet SetsPuff BoxesDorinesSet RingsDiamond Cluster RingsPerfume Bottles 'Ivory Toilet SetsGold and Silver ThimblesBar PinsUmbrellasTraveling SetsLocketsGifts For MenWalking SticksShaving SetsEmblem RingsBelt Buckles"Eat BrushesWatchesSeal RingsWatch PobsPocket KnivesScarf PinsGifts ForBirthstone RingsSilver PencilsWriting'tSetsBracelets" 'Lockets and ChainsDrinking CupsChildren SetsNecklacesSPECIAL THIS YEARW art Showing Suitcble Gifts for th Solditr Boys and NavyMen. -"- Jkrmj andNavy Rings J Identification- Wrist Watches ' I "Photo FramesWe are showing this year .an elegant selection of "Artistic Diamondiand Platinum Bar Pins; Rings and LaValliers.v - We advise Christmas shopping early, while the stock is complete,and thereby avoid the Holiday rush. Anything purchased now will be,-cheerfully held until Christmas., , The House of Quality For JewelrySHIRE & EITHIANV. T Phone 288 Home Phone 130T . -.. ---r hmmw acas- ?zm "MfffBap83WS1THE INFLUENZA SITUATIONThe influenza situation in Parishas again reached an acute stage.New cases have been reported to thelocal Board of Health by the physicians, some of he cases being of aserious nature.TTnlocc nrtniffrkTin A.A 11.1-". measures will he tatPn hv th nnBiof Health, according to a statementfrom one of the members yesterday.Notice has been given that no public gatherings of any kind will be allowed before the first week in January at the very earliest. In anothercolumn in this issue of THE NEWSappears a warning from Health Offlcer A. H. Keller, sanctioned by theBoard of Health. It is not helpingmatters to conceal the fact that theBoard of Health is deeply concernedover the situation here.In the language of a health official"The people must play the game according to the rules, and play ithard." Persons with colds, coughsand other indications of a predisposition toward influenza must eitherguard against spreading the germs orstay at home. The only means ofavoiding a general ban on all activities is for the people to voluntarilytake the situation in their hands &ndstay away from gatherings of anykind and to strictly observe ALL thesanitary regulations, especially thatof spitting in public places and onsidewalks. The people MUST see toit that the regulations of the Boardof Health are followed out and ANYviolation reported promptly.fe P3 feEASY TO PLEASE A MANJust buy him the same sensiblekind of things that he buys for himself during the other 364 days of theyear.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ball, of this county; his parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. O. Butler, of Paris,three sisters, Mrs. Lorena Claypole,ot Bourbon county; Mrs. Lizzie B ltler, of. Frankfort; Mrs. Daisy Sharp,of Lexington, and four brothers,Henry Butler, of Latonia, DavidButler and Theo. Butler, of Bourboncounty, and Elihu Butler, of Paris.v The fune'rar will take place in theParis Cemetery at two o'clock Jomorrow (Saturday) afternoon; withservices conducted at thegrave byRev. Ernest Mangum. 'ine pallbearers will be W. H. Whitley, Virgilaaitskill. Dr. Wm. Kenney, Dr. C.G. Daugherty, Dr. D. SHenry andJohn Ashe.Ithe LadiesKnitting NeedlesYarnSoldersPearl NecklacesPhoto FramesBrooch PinsManicure SetsHand BagsCard CasesCuff ButtonsWaldemar ChainsFountain PensMilitary BrushesUmbrellasChildrenWrist Watches for-GhhGood Watches for BoysBaby SpoonsSignet RingsLocketsShaving SetsTrench Mirrors" -- 1 "'-'(. j " ' V- -fBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSECOMPANY URGES AGAINSTEARLY MARKET.Paris, Ky., Dec. 4, 1918.To the Tobacco Growers of BourbonCounty:The Bourbon and Paris Houses arenow open for the receipt of tobacco, which we will either hold withoutcost to you pending the arrival of allthe buyers or sell for you on Dec. 11,if y.ou wish to sell, after being fullyinformed as to existing conditions.We very strongly urge, however, Tobacco Growers everywhere to sell notobacco anywhere until the full buying force is on the market and nomarket in Kentucky has any promiseof this before January 1, as a proofof which we present copies of lettersof recent date. ' TThe American Tobacco CompanyIncorporated . T111 Fifth AvenueNew YorkLouisville, Ky., Nov. 27, 1918.:Mr. John T. CollinsParis, Ky.Dear Sir:I am in receipt of vour letter ofNovember 26th, in reference to ournot entering the Market before January 1st.In reply will say that we have advised all markets in the Burley Section that we could not .have ourBuyers on the Markets before" January 1st, and we have made no changein our decision.In reference to the rumor that wewill buy 'tobacco throuch other interests, provided we are not on themarket, is absolutely false. It is notour intention to buy any tobacco .onany market, either directly or indirectly, before January 1st. You mayrest assured if we place buyers onLexington Market, we will also haveour representatives in Paris. ,Very truly yours, v'J.- k lipscomp, jr.,R. J. Reynolds Tobacco CompanyWinston-Salem, N. C. '' November 26, 1918.Mr. Jno. T. Collins,Paris, Ky.Dear Sir:Jack Murray mailed me your letterof Nov. 13th. but I only received itthis morning. -Owing to the congested conditions,and the closing: down of the Virginiaand North Carolina markets for fourweeks, it will not be possible for ,thiscompany to place buyers on any ofthe burley markets until Dec, 30th:You may rest assured that this company win commence buying tobaccoin Paris the same day they commencebuying in Lexington.- Yours -very truTyTT. H. KIRK.We received a letter .of like naturefrom the J. P. Taylor Co., also onefrom another buyer on this market,bicco as was disposed of bv us bvJanuary 1, last season.With our usual winter weather.not such as we had during DecemberWe have; therefore, the assurance ofonly one of the companies, commonly known as the Big 4, that they willbe on the market before"January 1.Tobacco marketed sooner than thiswill have to be taken care of by theirbuyer, the speculator and warehousemen both the latter of whom will expect to sell at a handsome nfofit whenall the buyers come on.The Officers and Directors of thisCompany after carefully consideringexisting conditions have agreed thatnot one of them is willing to markethis own tobacco until they have fullcompetition and consequently theywill not ask their friends and patronsto put the crop they have spent ayear in producing and in the produc-wuii ujl wnicn tney nave paid triehighest prices for labor ever known,upon any market any where untilsuch time as ihey are convinced thatall the buyers are on the sale.The announcement of The J. P.Taylor Co., The American TobaccoCo., and the R. J. Reynolds TobaccoCo., that they could not be on 'anvKentucky Markets before January 1.was made some weeks ago before thedecision oi some oi tne markets andHouses to open, buyers or no buyers,consequently, we have taken thepains to make inquiry of these companies if there has been anv chancein their attitude and have 'receivedm each case the information thatthey certainly do not intend to placebuyers any where in Kentuckv .untilJanuarv 1. hut hVA va-nani-aAlv fa-Jceived the assurance from all thesethat the Paris market will get buyersat the same time other markets do.We regret these companies havebeen compelled to take the actionthey have for we certainly would havebeen glad to have seen sales madethrough December as usual, especially in view of the fact that a largequantity of tobacco is ready for market. However, counting out the holidayseason we are only losing two weeksand had not-evesy one better wait thisshort time for prices that are sure tobe higher?We ear much talk of congestionand consequent lower prices on account of a .def erred opening. Let uslook at the matter calmly and see ifthings are as bad as they are represented. By reference to our bookswe find ihat-the market opened lastseason on December 5. Owing to unprecedented weather conditions weonly sold, during December 667,000pounds of tobacco. We have frequently sold this amount of tobaccom two days. Counting in this, wayby January 3, of .this season we caneasily have disposed of as much- toand Januarv last venr. nd -nAi 4-v.i large amount of tobacco stripped andj w jiiuMi, lit jS pQSSIDie tohave sold by January 15, 1919; moretobacco than was sold hy the marketupon -the same day of 1918.I st season too we were.greatlytroubled by ,car shortage. riKAt'thisPATHER OP PARIS VISITOR MAY. SUCCEED McADOO.In a recent issue THE NEWSpublished a Washington dispatch tothe effect that Representative CarterGlass, of Virginia, was slated to succeed Hon. Wm. G. McAdoo, as Secretary of the Treasury. Interest in theprediction centered around the factthat Representative Glass' handsome daughter, Miss Augusta Glass,is well-known here, where she hasbeen an admired visitoj.Yesterday's daily papers publishedthe following press dispatch fromWashington, which further indicatesthe strong' possibility of Representative Glass succeeding foipaer Secretary McAdoo. The dispatch to theCincinnati Times-Star says:"WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. Wordwent around unfficially on the Houseside of the Capital to-day that Representative Carter Glass, of Virginia,Chairman of the Banking and Currency Committee, had been chosen byPresident Wilson to become Secretary of the Treasury."Carter Glass was born in Lynchburg, Va., January 4, 1858. He wasa- member of the Virginia Senattofor your years, and took his seat inCongress in the year 1902, filling theunexpired term of the late P. J. Otey.He was re-elected to the Fifty-eighthand the Sixty-fifth Congresses, andhis present term expries next year.He is a Democrat, and serving fiomthe Sixth Virginia district. Mr.Glass is owner of the Daily News, amorning newspaper, published inLynchburg, and the Daily Advocaxe,an afternoon paper."n m kiTURU YOUR FOOTSTEPS THISWAY AND YOUR SEARCHIS ENDED.We have what you want,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.191 TE31 T&LARGE ASSORTMENT OP CANDIES. We have a very large assortmentof the best bulk and box candies.Let us have your Christmas order,(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.to M 1GIFTS WORTH WHILE HANDSOME AND MODERATELY SOLDDon't buy trash" for gifts. Let usshow you sotmething worth while.Pictures, Leather Goods, Books,Fancy Baskets, Games, Stationery,Novelties that are really new andworth while. Beautiful line of novelChristmas Greeting Cards to selectirom.(x)r PARIS BOOK STORE.DON'T WASTE.Anything you buy of us will benot only useful, but servicable asChristmas presents and your montywill not be wasted.(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.time things certainly look much betterfor car service and we anticipate notrouble whatever in this line.Further the immense redryingplant, which, by the way, is the greatest plant of its kind in Kentucky andwhich is within 50 feet of each of ourhouses will be of great advantage inhandling this crop.Upon the whole if the farmers willuse good sense and judgment in marketing this crop and not try to bringit all in at once but feed the marketas any well regulated machine shouldbe fed there need be no congestion.Burley Tobacco is in a particularlystrong position. Government reportsshow a substantial shortage over lastyear's crop; consumption has increased; the closing of the war has openedterritory that was maccessable duringits progress and tobacco prices arestronger today in Virginia and NorthCarolina than before the war closed,and are from four to five dollarshigher than a year ago.Under these conditions the farmeronly needs to sit steady and not rockthe boat by placing his tobacco uponthe market before the buying forcesof the large factories are ready tobuy.It is our opinion that this year'scrop is hardly the equal of last year'sin quality and that the per cent, oflow grades is larger and the per cent,of fine tobacco smaller, than a yearago, this being also true in the Caro-lmas it seems only a natural resultthat there should be a wider marginbetween the common and fine tobaccos than existed last year. .Even under these conditions weconfidently expect the average thisyear to equal or exceed that of lastseason.We give you this information forwhat is may be worth toyou and weassure you that it would be greatlyto our interest as it is to the interestof every warehouse in the country tosell all the tobacco possible in December, but we know it is to your interest to sell only when you havefull competition and we again adviseyou to protect yourself by.marketingonly when you have assured yourselfthat that time has arrivedAfter having frankly made you acquainted with all -the facts if thereare those 'who insist :upoh selling, ourdoors are open to receive and everv-thing, is in readiness for a sale on December 11, and you will receive, asalways, our best efforts in your behalf, remembering, too, under anyconditions we can do as much for youas anyone else.Thanking you f or your patronagein the past we ask you t the propertime to bring your tobacco to theBourbon or Paris -Houses, where ,theselling fee still-remains 2 p?rcentcommission and 15 cents per hundred. - - - , "- -. Very truly yours; .''Bourb Tobacco Warekbuse Co.,- - By JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerIN THE SERVICE OP THK1H.COUNTRY.Nimrod Crump, who is stationedat the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation at Great Lakes, 111., is aguest of his mother, Mrs. CarrieCrump, near Little Rock. Mr. Crumpsays not many of the boys in the i ervice seem to be sorry the close of thegreat war has arrived, and that allof them expressed a desire to returnto civilian life again..Woodford Buckner, who has beenstationed at Camp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga., has been mustered out ofthe service, and has returned to hishome near Paris. Charles and Edward Spears, of Paris, and H. C.Current, of Millersburg, who werealso at Camp Gordon, have returned,after receiving honorable discharges.Private J. C. Dodson, who has beonstationed at Ft. Benjamin Harrison,has received his honorable dischargefrom the army service, and has returned to Paris, where he is now aguest of relatives. Mr. Dodson wasfor several years ejmployed ss a carinspector for the Louisville & Nashville, and will resume his former position under the "back-to-the-old-job"provisions of enlistment.Dr. W. C. Worthington, formeilyof Clintonville, who is now a Lieutenant in the service, and a memberof the Medical Corps in France,writes to Thornwell Tadlock, ofParis, stating that he was in a BaseHospital in France, recoveiing fromthe effects of having been "gassed."Dr. Worthington wrote that he hadnot met anyone since he had beenin France that he knew. He statedthat out of eight warm friends hehad made in the army service, andwho had been copnrades in everysense of the terms, six and been killedsince Sept. 12. ' Dr. Worthington lefta fine practice at Clintonville, in apatriotic call to the service of hiscountry.Mrs. Carrie F. j3tpne, of Paris, Received a letter recently from her son,George L. ("Topie") JFrakes, inwhich he stated he was well up toward the firing line, and that he hadplenty of excitement in the way ofdodging bursting shells and shrapnelfrom the German guns. The letterwas written on Nov. 5, before thesinging of the armistice pact. Hesaid it was a wonderful experience fora. peace-loving country boy like himto be under a rain of explosives, andto hear the roar of the big gun&,which could be plainly heard fromwhere he was stationed. He is amember of Co. P., 22nd U. -S. Engineers, 5th Batallion, American Expeditionary Force. He was writingby the light of a candle, and doing(Continued on Page 8.)KiWE KNOW HOWmDo Your ChristmasShopping NowAnd Let Your Gift to HimBe Practical and UsefulWhat is more appropriate or more appreciatedthan one of Mitchell & Blakemore's Suits or Overcoats? Handsome patterns and dependable cloth.STYLISH CLOTHESFOR YOUNG AND OLDClothes that are tailored and made by the best tailorsIin the country Stein-BIoch$25.00 toIIIMany Other DesirableGifts You'll Find HereSMOKING JACKETSBATH ROBESSILK SHIRTS SILK HOSIERYBEAUTIFUL NECKWEARKNIT VESTS SWEATER COATSSILK AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFSGLOVES FUR CAPSHAND BAGS AND TRAVELING CASES111I MITCHELL &, Dr.Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes "ZZ Manhattan Shirts i35 Netfleton Shoes ' - - StesiHaU XS0LLVMrs. Frank P. Lowry, of Paris, hasbeen appointed as Chairman "forParis and Bourbon county of the-IfcedCross Christmas Roll Call, which ito extend from December ISth toDecember 23d, The appointmentcame through Mr. B. F. Bourne, Division Manager, and i? one moatworthily bestowed. Under JIxs. Lowry's direction a thorough house-to-housecanvass of the- city and countywill be made. All that is necessaryfor you to help in this work is tohave a heart and give a dollar to thesolicitors for adult membership amdtwenty-five cents for children undertwenty.America's second-tvne Christmasis almost here. Our thoughts, ourinterests, our hearts are not in thetrivial thing3 just now they are forthe most of us, with, the boys in.France, whom we hope will sooncome back to good old Paris aidevery other precinct of Bourboncounty, and that none of them will bemissing when the home-coming roll iscalled. Their thoughts, their interests, their hopes are in the RedCross, and the knowledge that it isever present and ever ready to lendthem aid when most needed.Let our Christmas message to thoseboys say that we stand" solidly behindthem and behind the American Xed'Cross Society, the greatest humanitarian institution the world has everknown. ' There is yet a great deal ofwork for this splendid organizationto do, and its heavy financial burden.'will not cease until all our boys aresafely returned home. And thatmeans there are many .Bourbon county boys and many Bourbon countyhomes to be gladdened. So the dollar representing the renewal of yourmembership or the tendering of anew membership will be most acceptable just now.On account of the influenza Ihwino public mass meetings can be heliand there can be no public speaking.But the solicitors can call at yourhomes and present their pleas, andit will not be in the heart of any human being in Paris or the county ofBourbon to turn a deaf ear to thepleading of "The Greatest" Mother ofAll" the American Red Cross.''YOU'LL LIKE IT" vDo your shopping at A. F.Wheeler's, opposite CourtHouse. You will like it. Allkinds of furniture novelties.(dec6-tf)z "mi-: -DON'T ITEGLECT Y0UH EYESHe who loves not his country canlove nothing; he who neglects hiseyes can expect his eyes to negfccthim. Better see Dr, Wm. RileyFranklin. Be sure you are right andthen go ahead. Dr. Franklin's glassewill help you clear the way.IIiIIIKIand Michael-Stem make M$60.00XIIKIKKRED CROSS CHRISTMASCALL CAMPAIGN.X fIlMlBLAKEMOREjwy-- r5-JwIV: !Hl1,yffelGETWOTHE BOURBON , NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 191S.K.m. BOURBON IWSbtaHished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationMblished Every Tuesday and PridayPec Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .$ 1.00Payable in Adavance.9WKET CHAMP, Editor and Owner.fttered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Aht erroneous reflection upon theiharaiofer, standing or reputation ofperson, firm or corporation whichappear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrMtod if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perlack, for first time; 50 cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Steading Notices, 10 cents per lineiwbck issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsfenilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisefltoftts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher Is reseivedte decline any advertisement or otherMatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmmat Invariably be accompanied bytho cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Better Roads.In providing work for dischargedsoldiers and sailors and munitionwockers, road building offers a solution of many problems. The UnitedStates as a whole is behind most foreign countries in the matter of goodhighways. Poor roads are a reasonfor high prices of farm produce inmany cases. They are a reason whymore automobiles are not purchasedand. used. They are a reason for. eavy upkeep cost of vehicles of allLlnds. They are a cause of manyaccidents. They are a hindrence tosuburban and country development;: a -cause of low prices of real estatein, country sections; a reason, inshort, for slower development of acountry as progressive as ours claimstoibe.Colonel' Robert H. Tyndall, Of the150th Field Artillery, U. S. Army.-writing from France, says: "TherewilL be a couple of million, real roadwar boosters when the war Is over."He speaks in glowing terpis of the3plendid highways they found inFrance comparing them much to thedetriment with the average highwayfound in the United States.Ia the same article containing Colonel Tyndall's views, it was statedtha there is undoubtedly a big roadplan developing in this country.Chairman George C. Diehl, of the A.A. A. Good Roads Board, says:"$100,000,000 a year appropriated.by the Federal Government on from5,000 to 10,000 miles of splendidhighway, partly made up of sectionsx. already sufficient in quality; partly"in. sections to repair; partly of sections rebuilt of -entirely new con, stmction. State and llocal appropriation' should' be encouraged and theconstruction of federal roads shouldenormously increase road expenditures. The thousands of otherwiseunemployed labor can be used to themost excellent advantage in theway."The vast sujms that would other-'wise have been, spent in destructionv . cmx beneficially be expended for highway construction to the end thattrade may be increased between rura sections and urban points. Hun-' dreds of thousands of returning soldiers and men that have been em-. played in munition manufacture can5e employed profitably to themselvesand to the communities of. which theyar3 a part in this highway work withtho result that tradesmen will enjoyincreased trade, laborers will be contented, farmers will have more accessible markets and the cqmmunityas a whole will enjoy increased pros -perity.Mr. McAdoo Makes His Exit.The abdication of Mr. McAdoois"'almost as startling as that of the- ;Kaiser, and much less expected. Out-,. side of the President, Mr. McAdoo,hafl been the most influential man in' .tho American government. Friendsa&d-foes alike, willingly admit thattiJMcAdoo is a wonder." The Presi- i. A'i3wfCundottbtedly was right when hewrote In his letter accepting the resjiga't.ion, ' that Mr. McAdoo was -thev45Ceatest Secretary of the Treasury in' j kjfetory. On the face of the correspodeace, and for the information of. to public, Mr. McAdoo gave up hisplace in Washington In prder to "reA..C3Mhis.personaI fortunes." Whena man has the strings to pull thatvvilfc1iAUi down a hundred thousandfriars taye ax as against a .salary ofrjkesj'g thousand' for Jooking after theMgest administrative . job In"Washington, it is not strange tkat inJj(fferanifather days,, coupled with, tk& possession of a beautiful and'wa4erfitl yeung wife and a comparatively new baby, that the minifrffr?o!d turn to the roblepi of laying'".krvneat as against the days of"ias eyaa, sans! teeth," etc. Mr.McAdoo undoubtedly quit for thevery reason, that he gave and if ithad not been for the "other reasons"it is likely that the original "reasons" might not have resulted in thissensational exit from political life.A good deal of newspaper discussion and speculation has taken placesince Mr. McAdoo resigned, and onepaper that has called the turn timeand again, declares that Mr. McAdoohas never been a public ownershipman, and that his views have"brought him into continuous andacrimonious discussion with Mr. Wilson and some of his fellow-Cabinet.members on the subject of the futureof the railroads." At least two members of the Cabinet are in the sameframe of jmind as that credited to Mr.'McAdoo, and men within administration circles believe that in this attitude the insurgents are supported byColonel House, whom the politicalgossippers insist reached the partingof the ways with Mr. Burleson several months ago.This last bit of information is almost equal in political importance tothe McAdoo resignation, so far as itaffects the issue of politics surrounding government ownership for Colonel House "made Burleson," in thecommon expression of Washington.Congress Will Resume Its Functions.As straws show which way thewind blows, the Washington political gossip, which is unquestionablycorrect, shows that the Democraticparty is not going to surrender itselfto the championship of the socialisticdoctrines of Mr. Burleson and someother political leaders, without a bigfight. Government operation of therailroads, wire lines, etc., has beenjustified as war measures, and theywere accepted by Congress withoutmuch protest. But Congress is likelyto assume the responsibility of passing upon these issues as a matter ofpermanent policy, and if there is halfthe "pride in reconstruction that isindicated itself on the surface, wirelines, etc., in its own way, irrespective of the Cabinet, or perhaps eventhe President, if the latter chooses totake a hand. Congress is prettynear the point of hoistingthe redflag against the method of "Cabinetlegislation," that has been sent up tothe Hill for Okeh.The probability that Col. House,Mr. McAdoo, and some of the Cabinet members oppose governmentownership, shows that the Democratic party is not likely to becomecommitted in its entirety to government ownership. On .the other sideof the political arena standsthe Republican organization, madeup aljtnost entirely of opponents ofgovernment ownership.The great economic and industrialissues involved in government ownership do not lend themselves readily topartisan political juggling, and whenmen like McAdoo quit, there aregrounds to believe that the Democratic party will not swallow thenew doctrine, hook, sinker and bobber, without a pretty careful amountof investigation of the bait.Peace and Prices.One of the first statements comingfrom the War Department followingthe signing of the armistice, was tothe effect that more than a billiondollars worth of contracts had beencancelled. That was but the beginning of the retirement by Uncle Samfrom the buying counter, and thestart on the return trip to conditions of peace in our industrial life.Roughly calculated the trade barometer is more than twice as high asin July, 1914. Statistics furnishedby G. R. Dun show that provisions,clothing, metals, and every kind ofcommodity doubled and trebled inprices between July 1, 1860, andSeptember 1, 1S64. The effects of ourCivil War also radically affectedprices in the European nations. Theend of the Civil War was in sight inthe fall of 1864, and the declinein prices dates from that period. Itcontinued until the midsummer of1869. In all commodities the peacedecline amounted to 77.5 of the warrise in the United States. In otherwords, for every dollar the typicalcommodity went up during the CivilWar and went down seventy-fivecents in the following five years.The first radical drop was in wages,but this was restored considerably,and the rise continued until the panicof 1873, when labor received a seri-ous setback from which it recoveredgradually in the coming years. Materials used in all branches of industry started rapidly on the decline in1874, and very soon there was a general fall of about sixty per cent. Asnoted the readjustment, or "reconstruction period" finally found alevel when the increased priceamounting. to a dollar went down toseventy-five cents. And there thecountry remained for many years, until new conditions made new valuesand new prices.So there is your answer to thequestion: "Will prices go back towhere they were before the war?"CUBE AT A COST OP 25 CENTS."Eight sears ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was a great sufferer from indigestion and constipation," writeB Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, 111. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, and there wasa feeling like a lieavy weight pressing on my stomach and chest all thetime. I felt miserable. Every morsel of food distressed me. I could notrest at night and felt tired and woruout all the time. One bottle of Cham.berlain's Tablets cured me and I have,since reit luce a different person.". adv-jan)THE WAR EXPOSITION AT CINCINNATI, DEC. 14-22.Every effort is being made by theofficials in charge of the War Trophies Exposition, to be given in Cincinnati from December 14 to 22, tosecure a large number of trophiescaptured by the soldiers of the OhioValley in the various engagements inwhich the troops recruited in thissection participated. It is knownthat Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky andWest Virginia Troops, were conspicuous in the fighting at Soissons,Chateau Thierry, Belleau Woods, St.Mihiel, The Argonrie and the lastgreat immortal drive on the Meuse.It is also known that the Germanslost an almost unlimited amount ofequipment, much of which fell intothe hands of the Ohio Valley Troops.During the last few days the Cincinnati Commissioners of the Exposition have put forth special effortsto secure some of these trophies assoon as they arrive in the UnitedStates. It is known that shipmentsof this captured material have already been made, and there is everyreason to believe that much of it willarrive in time to be included in theCincinnati Exposition. Among thebooty taken by the Ohio Valley jine-nin these various engagements arecannon of the largest caliber, manyof which have been partly demolished by shell fire of the Americans;aeroplanes which were broughtdown by the superior tactics of theAmerican aviators; trench mortars;flame throwers; minnewerfers; gasshell flingers; machine guns andother Boche equipment that failed toeven make the Americans hesitate.There also will be many of Gerniantrench rest equipment, showing themanner in which the Huns arrangedtheir dugouts for comfort and apparently long habitation, a plan whichwas nipped by the rapid progress ofthe Americans.Arrangements have been completed for a series of special entertainments in Music Hall proper in conjunction with the trophies exhibit.This latter alone occupied 100,000square feet of space. The specialMusic Hall program will includechoral concerts, government movingpictures, organ recitals, concerts bySousa's Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation Band, patriotic pageants, tableaux by foreign born Americans,exemplifying native costumes andcustoms, addresses by men of international prominence, and other attractions. Information has been receivedby the local committee that partiesalready are being organized in communities within one hundred or moremiles of Cincinnati, indicating thatthe outlaying districts will be largelyrepresented during the run of theExposition.51 fca IRWITH THE COMING OP PEACECOMES THE BED CROSS.With the coming of peace, the Department of Nursing of the AmericanRed Cross plans to establish andmaintain a clearing house of nursjngservice. Wherever possible nurseswho have been in service will be assisted to find employment upon theirreturn home.Miss V. Lota Lorimer, R. N., LakeDivision director of Nursing, has justreturned from a conference held atNational Red Cross Headquart9rswhere the program for the futureRed Cross Nursing work was outlined. "The Red Cross nurses abroad,"says Miss Lorimer, "are being askedunder the military establishment tocontinue in service until officiallymustered out. There is so much workyet to be done that there is no telJinghow soon the nurses will get home."This employment plan will provide,through the Red Cross Department ofNursing, against possible emergencies such as the recent epidemic. Allnurses are urged to enroll with theRed Cross so as to be available incommunity and national crisis.The Department of Nursing is toestablish in the Lake Division a Public Health Service in co-operatioiLwith local chapters. A Public Healthsupervisor will be maintained by thedivision for Kentucky and Indiana.BREAKS A COLD INJUST A PEW MINUTES'Tape's Cold Compound" EndsGrippe Misery Don't StayStuffed-up !You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body df limbs, by taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't .stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the wot Idgives such prompt relief as "Papu'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice, andcauses no inconvenience. Be sure j ouget the genuine. (adv)ps PS PBHER RECORD STILL GOOD(Cleveland Plain Dealer)"Pa," said little Willie, "what'sand echo?""An echo, my son,? answered pa,casting a mean side glance at LittleWillie's ma, "is the only , thing onearth that can cheat a woman out ofthe last word." ' '"Another, definition , of an echoWillie," said ma, "is a'manwhq goes'to old patent (medicine, almanacs forhis alleged wit." ?And then nobody said any morewords but Willie, whose infant mindwas naturally confused by all thispersiflage.As a general thing, a woman ishappy in the faith that she and herchildren will go to heaven on theirmerits, and that her husband will getthere by huddling through.CHRISTMAS RED CROSS ROLLMacKenzie R. Todd, of Frankfort,a man of wide acquaintance andlarge experience in handling suchcampaigns, who was selected to manage the Kentucky Division of the RedCross Christmas Roll Call, and whohas offices on the tenth floor of TheColupibia Building, Louisville, is already getting the work in shape, determining to secure at least a millionmembers in the State. To assist himin the great work the chapters of theRed Cross are appealed to and amanager has been selected in each ofthe one hundred and twenty counties,whose duty it will be to organizetheir localities and see that everyone is given the opportunity to become a member of humanity's greatest cause. The plan is to sell memberships at $1, the amount to go toward the support of the work athome and abroad. Each member willbe given a button which will be abadge of honor, a service flag and adozen Christmas seals, the sale of theseals being discontinued for the season. The week of December 16-23has been selected for the final drivefor universal membership in the organization to which it is not only aduty to belong but the highest privilege. Let it be remembered that thecampaign is not for money but memberships and that every person isurged to enroll.THE NEW CALOMEL FINEP0R COLDS AND GRIPPECalotabs, the New Nausealess Calomel, Breaks Up a SevereCold Overnight.Physicians and druggists have atlast found a quick and dependableremedy for colds, influenza andgrippe. One Calotab on the tongueat bed time with a swallow of waterthat's all. Next morning yourcold has vanished and your liver andentire system are purified and lefreshed without the slightest unpleasantness or interference with appetite, diet or work.Dostors have always contendedthat calomel is the best medicine forcolds, bronchitis and la grippe andthe first medicine to be given inpneumonia and acute fevers. Thenew calomel, Calotabs, is purifiedand refined from all of the sickeningand dangerous effects and with themedicinal virtues vastly improved.Calotabs are sold only in originalsealed packages price 35c. Yourdruggist recommends and guaranteesthem and will refund your money ifyou the not delighted. (adv)m m mThe low-cut waists and the silkstockings of the "wimmin folk" arenot yet blamed for the flu epidemic,so far as we have heard. Thereforewe arise to ask: Where are our reformers? El Paso Times.Doug Fairbanks' airplane trip fromNew York to Washington, carryingsix million dollars' worth of Libertybond subscriptions, is what we'dcall high financing. Columbia Record. Another good thing about being abusiness man is that you are not expected to quote a lot of poetry.How Domestic ConsumersCan Save GasParis GasCascarets BestFamily LaxativeHarmless to keep liver, bowelsand stomach clean, andi. cost only 10 centsTo-night sure! Take Cascaretsand enjoy the nicest, gentlest liverand bowel cleansings you ever experienced. Cascarets will liven yourliver and clean your thirty feet ofbowels without griping; You willwake up feeling grand. Your headwill be clear, breath right, tongueclean, stomach sweet get a 10-centbox now at any drug store. Bestcathartic for children as well asgrown-ups. Taste like candy andnever fail. They work while yousleep. (adv)FOR RENT.Cottage on Walker avenue, nearCity School. Has front porch; hall;four rooms; kitchen; pantry; twopresses; electric lights; gas; water;two grates; coal house; lumber room;good garden and fences; all in goodrepair: Also flats of three rooms andtwo rooms on Seventh street, betweenMain and High streets.J. B. NORTHCOTT,(12-tf) Cumberland Phone 833.IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WD3ES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)ChristmasGlassesThey can have their eyes testedlater if necessary. We can supplymother a pair of reading glasses forChristmas.Buy useful gifts give father andyou with Lorgnette, Ear-chains, Automatic Eye-glass cheins, Eye-glasscases, Auto Glasses, Snow Glasses, allof which would made useful and appropriate gifts. Give us a call.Second Floor First National BankBuilding.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.i yDON'T burn lamps in daytime.DON'T keep hot water tank flame higher than necessary.DON'T turn gas on for cooking until you have vesselready for use; turn off immediately when cookingis completed.DONT use gas at high pressure and long flames. Shortflames, if properly directed, consume less gas forthe same cooking operation.DONT turn the gas high after cooking boils. Afterboiling begins, the same temperature can bemaintained with smaller gas consumption.oDONT keep rooms at over 68 degrees; lower temperatureby turning down gas, not by opening doors andwindows.DONT burn gas in a furnace without automatic thermostat control. Such an automatic device preventsoverheating and waste of gas.DOOT burn gas in an ordinary coal furnace. It requiresmuch more gas for the same heat than with aspecially built furnace.UNITED STATES FUEL ADMINISTRATION& EleetricFor SalePure bred Buff Orpington puHttaand cokerels, also a choice lot oCWhite Leghorn pullets. Must be MidIn the next five days.MRS. FRANK P. BEDFORD, JR.,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Telephone 626.WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to ?35.00 perset .(broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old GoldSilver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZERS TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)Public SaleOf Four Baby Farmson the PremisesSaturday, Dec. 7,AT 10:00 A. M..Midway between Lexington andParis on interurban line and Maysville turnpike.Will first sell two 5-acre tractsfacing the Maysville pike and carline separately and as a whole.Will then sell a 5-acre tract facing the Antioch and Houston pike adjoining tracts 1 and 2.We will then offer all three as awhole and accept the bid that realizes the greatest sum,No. 4 contains 3 acres and faces'the Antioch and Houston pike about200 yards from car line and is a partof same farjm.The above lands are all in old bluegrass and is mostly virgin soil. Theselands are a part of the Giltner farmand have been in the family for halfa century.The owner, Mr. Giltner, has instructed us to'sell without reserve, soif you want a small farm come andbuy some of the best on earth. flBOLIVER BONDand C. E. BUCKLEY,! Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.Lexington, Ky.(3-2t)V-K$Company -jI.y?L-FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1918.THE BOTOBOK HEWS, PARIS, KEHTTTCKTpicah-THE JUY IFMOTHERHOODCame to this Woman afterTaking Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound toRestore Her HealthEllensburg, Wash." After t wasmarried 1 was not well for a long timeana a good deal ofthe time was notable to go about.Our greatest desirewas to have a childin our home and oneday my husbandcame back fromtown with a bottleof Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound andwanted me to try it.It brought relieffrom Tnv trnnWooI improved in health so I could do myhousework; we now have a little one, allof which I owe to Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound." Mrs. O. SJohnson, R. No. 3, Ellensburg, Wash!There are women everywhere wholong for children in their homes yet aredenied this happiness on account ofsome functional disorder which in mostcases would readily yield to Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Such women should not give up hopeuntil they have given this wonderfulmedicine a trial, and for special advicewrite Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.,Lynn, Mass. The result of 40 yearsexperience is at your service.WIDE TOLD THE TRUTH"Willie," demanded Mr. Smith savagely of his offspring, "did you eatany of those pears I left in the cupboard?" "Pa," answered the youthful Geo.Washington, "I cannot tell a lie; Idid .not touch, one."The parent eyed his child wrathfully. "Then how is it," he askedsternly, "that I found three pearcores in your bedroom and only onepear left in the cupboard?"Willie dissolved rapidly toward thegarden gate. "Father," he said, "thatis the one I didn't touch."CHAMBERLAINS TABLETS.When you are troubled with, indigestion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indigestion is usually accompanied byconstipation and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentlepiovement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition.(adv-jan)ED CROflS -REUEF JOR IXTJSTRICKEN SECTIONS.With a view of mothering childrenof Kentucky orphaned by influenza,plans ar$ being made by the American Red Cross to conduct an. elaborate survey of sections of the Statemost seriously affected by the disease. This work is now in the hands ofthe Department of Civilian Relief ofthe Lake Division of the Red Cross.A conference was held in Louisvilleyesterday, at which, the work of organization was perfected.Information regarding the projectwas received by R. C. Ballard Thruston, State Director in Kentucky ofthe American Red Cross, and Mr-Kenzie Todd, executive secretary ofthe State organization, through along-distance telephone conversationwith the Lake Division headquartersat Cleveland.Prof. R. J. Corlbert and SterrCadwallader, assistant directors ofthe Department of Civilian Relief,Lake Division, headed the delegation.They were accompanied bv five otherpnen who are considered authoritieson problems such as will be found inthe mountains of Kentucky.The mountain section will be thecenter of the efforts of the Red Crops,as the conditions are worse in thatsection of the State than elsewhere.b tea tenPOUR MINUTE MEN CONTEST INCHRISTMAS ROLL CALL.A Junior Four Minute Men contest is to be carried on in the schoolsof Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky inconnection with the Red CrossChristmas Roll Call for memberships,it has been announced at Lake Division Red Cross Christmas Roll CallHeadquarters. Winners in these contests are to have their names inscribed on the Four Minute Men rollOf honor at Washington."Why You Should Answer theChristmas Roll Call," is to be thesubject" of speeches and declamations for children ranging from thekindergarten age up to boys andgirls old enough to participate inhigh school debates.Six hundred thousand teachersthroughout the country have beenprovided with, a bulletin publishedby the Division of Four Minute Menof the Committee on Public Information. This bulletin contains instructions for carrying on the contests,Roll Call material, sample outlinesfor speeches, sample speeches rndstories to be retold.Children are urged to enter intothese contests and do all they can tohelp realize the goal of the Roll Callwhich, is universal membership inthe Red Cross. The children themselves will join through their schoolauxiliares.1 fe ISThree A. R. C. hospitals in Bohemia will be finished and equipped byFebruary.te fe ISMore than 400 A. R. C. nurses arenew serving the civilian populationin France, Italy, England, Russia,Greece and Palestine.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BUY HOWDon't wait untilthe last moment.Do your Holidayshopping earlier thisyear than ever. Helpus! Help the Goverment! Safeguardyour own interestsAnd be sure to include aOCI I CDC KitchenOCLLCItO Cabinet"The Best Servant in Your HousejyWith a Sellers you cansystematize your Kitchenwork as never before.You can release hoursof time for other things.You can do your cookingwith half the trouble andwith twice as good results. You can save anendless amount of materials, to say nothing oftime, trouble and nervousenergy.And just think of it!This cabinet has 15 longwanted features you can'tfind in any other cabinet.Yet it doesn't cost you apenny extra.The favorite of thousand or thrifty housewives.Famous everywhere because of its use in GoodHousekeeping Model Efficiency Kitchen. Butcome and see for yourself.See Demonstration Today !Sure to Prove Interesting.J- Will Not Obligate You!A. F. Wheeler & Co.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerMain and Third Sts. Opposite Court House.Mr. and Mrs. Ben L. Poage, ofBrooksville, are guests of Mrs. CarrieL. Woodford.Mrs. Luther Rice, of near Paris,is in a Cincinnati hospital, undermedical treatment.Mr. George T. Collins, of Hamilton, Ohio, is a guest of relatives inthis city and county.Mrs. Geo. K. Besuden, of Cincinnati, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Houston Crouch, near Paris.Miss Mary Boyd has returned toher home in Carlisle after a visit toMr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCarthy andcniidren have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Munday Baxter, inWinchester.Miss Tillie Jay.nes will leavesoon for Miami, Florida, where shewill spend the winter with friendsand relatives.Mrs. Lyttleton Purnell anddaughter, Miss Rebecca Purnell, arevisiting Mrs. Mattie Crockett Barbour, in Lexington.Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton has goneto Munday, Texas, to join her husband, who is spending some timethere on legal business.Mrs. Charles K. Posner left Wednesday for Cincinnati, where she willbe a guest this week of Mr. Posner'sparents, and other relatives.Mrs. D. B. Joseph has returnedto her home in Cincinnati after anextended visit to her mother, Mrs.Louis Saloshin, on Pleasant street.Mrs. George Hamilton, who hasbeen a guest of her mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney, on Higgins avenue,has returned to her hope in TwoRivera, Wis.Mr. and Mrs. Ray Harris, ofTulsa, Okla., and Mrs. Boone Phillips and daughter, Cornelia, of Mavsville, are guests of Mr .and Mrs. Wm.Beasley, near Paris.Miss Minerva Boardjman has returned to her school duties at theUniversity of Kentucky, after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman, near Paris.Mrs. Harry Saloshin and daughters, Marion Louise and Bettie, andMrs. Saloshin's mother, Mrs. L.Straus, are ill with Spanish influenza at their home in Cincinnati.Mrs. Lee Kirkpatrick and daughter, Miss Mary, and Mrs. J. F. Johnson spent several days in Lawrenceburg, where they were guests of Mrs.Kirkpatrick's sister, Mrs. J. G. Bond,and Mr. Bond.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, secretary ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., hasreturned from a business visit inFlemingsburg and Fleming county,where he went in the interest of theUnited War Workers' campaign.Mr. Amos Turney, Jr. ,of Paris,accompanied by Mrs. Turney and Mr.W. O. Hinton, went to Cincinnati,Tuesday, where the former will undergo an operation at one of the Cincinnati hospitals for ear trouble.Miss Mary Ireland Davis, wascalled to Chicago, Wednesday morning by a telegram telling of the serious illness of her daughter, Mrs.Offutt Boardman. Mr. Boardman, whohas been very ill at the home of hismother, Mrs. J. U. Boardman, onSeventh street, returned to ChicagoWednesday.Dr. and Mrs. Cyril Goodman,who have been guests of Judge andMrs. Rhodes Shackleford, in Richmond, are now guests at the home ofMr. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, in thiscity. Dr. and Mrs. Goodman havebeen residing in Cairo, Egypt, forseveral years, where the former isconnected with the English army.(Other Personals on Page 5.)FLOUR PLUS WATER IS HARDBREAD EQUIVALENT.(Stars and Stripes.)The girls of France are helping tobake the millions of. pie'cof ironurtrdu it, uuras tu iceu me jx. jh. r .Working Under the glass roofs of ahalf dozen buildings of "many-acredfloors, they are helping tend the automatic machinery that mixes whiteflour from America into sheets, cutsthe sheets into pieces, and runs thepieces on trays over endless belts intoovens, from which they come outscorching hot as hard biscuits.No hands touch the product fromthe time it leaves the flour sack tothe time it comes out crisp and brownand hot.While the hard bread is still warm,it is packed in the paper cartons inwhich it finally reaches the men atthe front.Incidentally, hard bread is probablythe simplest and purest baked product the soldier eats. It has two ingredients flour and water. There'san art in mixing the flour and waterin the proper percentages, and thepercentages vary according to theflour.The army's hard bread factoriesalso are baking "petits beurres" forthe army the best of those little butter and sugar biscuits that can bebought in France. These are supplied at cost to the commissaries for resale to the soldiers.J Hi HiSHIP WITH A BASEMENT.(Popular Mechanics)An interesting and unusual pieceof engineering has changed a ship,which for years has been the floatinghome of sailors, into a land structurethat will never ride the waves again.The vessel so transformed is the Commodore, which lay at anchqr. in theChicago River in days of peace, spring as headquarters for the Illinoisnaval militia.Since the outbreak of the war ithas served as a receiving ship for thenavy.Since the vessel was. never to beused for navigation again and wasbeing badly racked by storms, it wasrecently decided to fill in around thehull with clay and rock. A. bulkhead, made of rock and forty-footpiles, was built close to the boaf onthe lakeward side and at -the endsand the intervening space filled inwith clay, well tamped down.B0URR0H DRAFT BOARD WORKING ON HNAL BEPti&TThe Bourbon County Draft Board,composed of County . Clerk PearcePaton, Judge C. A. McMillan, Dr.Silas E. Evans and Miss Grace Haskins, Clerk, are fast completing thecompiling of questionnaires of Bourbon County registrants for the Government, and the papers will all beforwarded to Washington for futurereference.In their repo'rt to September, 1918,which included all registrants inBourbon County between the ages of21 to 30 inclusive, the following: interesting facts are brought out asfollows:Bourbon's total registration. .1,671White registrants 1,32Colored registrants 439Sent to Army Camp 562White si4Colored 248Delinquent registrants 11Rejected at Camps 29Examined by physicians . . x. . C78Limited service selects 24Married selects 799Single 872The above statistics do not includethose from Bourbon who enlisted inthe Navy, of which there were morethan 100, nor does it include thosewho volunteered from Bounrbon inthe army prior to the selective draftlaw becoming operative.?s isaEROM COAST TO COASTA Remarkable Chain of Home TestimonyAnd Paris Adds Its Voiceto the Grand Chorus ofLocal Praise:mty.i" 5 ,l( HIFrom north to south, from east towestIt every city, every communityIn every State in the Union ringsout the grateful praise for Doan'sKidney Pills.50,000 representative people inevery walk of lifePublicly testify to quick relief andlasting results.And it's all for the benefit of fellow sufferers.In this grand chorus of localpraise Paris is well represented.Well-known Paris people tell ofpersonal experiences.Who can ask for better proof ofmerit?Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypess St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago, Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I used them. Theyproved to be satisfactory and permanently rid me of the complaint. Ihave good reason to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakor lame back or irregular passage ofthe kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealer?. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)la SEaLABOR DEPARTMENT WILL HELPIN DEMOBILIZATIONPlans for the demobilization ofthe military and naval forces of theUnited States, now being prepared bythe war, navy and labor departments,will be submitted soon to PresidentWilson. Preliminary details of theplans known provide for the mustering out of the men on the basis oflength of service and on the abilityof trades and occupations to absorbthe released men.Labor needs of employers alreadyare being canvassed by the war industries board through questionnaires. Community labor boards andlocal draft boards will co-operate indetermining the nature of work andwhen it will be available.The work of the department of labor in the assembling of the returnedsoldiers and sailors will be conductedthrough the United States employment service and the War Labor policies board. Creation within the wardepartment of a new bureau to handle the problem is expected.. Labordepartment officials have expressedthe opinion that under the plans nowbeing formulated by the three departments the more than four millionin service overseas, in this countryand on the sea can be demobilizedwithout any resultant nonemploy-ment.Holiday GiftSuggestions!Special Attentionhas been given by us this holiday season toLadies' Underwear Novelties suitable for gifts.We recommend an early inspection of these.Ladies' Silk Gowns, Envelope Chemises,Camisoles and Skirtsin Crepe de Chine, Georgette Crepe and WashSatins. Lines of the latest fashions mark thesegarments as superior to the conventional styles.Maid's Aprons, Maid's Capsand Boudoir Caps.An especially attractive line of these is beingshown here at prices not much in advance of-former values.Hand Made PhilippineEmbroidered Lingeriejust received from the importers on the PacificCoast, in newest designs of Gowns, EnvelopeChemise and Skirts.A visit to our Underwear Department, first floor rear, will makegift selections easy for you.WOLF,WILECOLEXINGTON, KY.JV:TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyCTAMBEB&AIN'S' COUGH KEMEDYBefore using this preparation for aCough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook, Macon, 111., writes, "I havefound it gives the quickest relief ofany cough remedy I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe,Mo., says "Chamberlain's Cough Rem'edy cannot be -beat for coughs andcolds." H. J. Moore, Oval, Pa., says,"I have used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy on several occasions when Iwas suffering with a settled cold uponthe chest and it has always broughtabout a cure.(adv-jan)Hi wb ttlNEW USE TOR THE WHITE EAT,For the first time, so far as is generally known, the albino rat has beenadapted to a useful purpose. It wasconceded to be less destructive andin all ways less disagreable than itsgray cousin, but it had never beencredited with usefulness in the econ-.omy of nature. Now it comes intoimportance as a barometer for the useof high-flying aviators. The rodentinclosed in a suitable cage,, is placed :within view of the pilot. The latter,when high altitudes have been reached' notes the conduct of the rat. Whenthe animal begins to show symptomsof weariness, the aviator knows thatthe limit of safety has been reachedand he turns the prow of his craftdownward. It is said that wliite ratsare now being systematically raided,and are in great demand as barometers.191 155 TBIIf the truth could be discoveredprobably it would be found that theaverage Queen's position is that thepoor people would save a lot moremoney"if 4they didn't, spend it for.food. , , ' , ........We Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELANDWBPMM1M lTRACTORIf you are interested, in better andmore economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALLmmOar. Fourth and Pleasant Si' f- . , . - is31I91II3CIIXIIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXII;V v irVi,-" -. i J;..',sj.vnTHE BOTOBON . NEWS, PAWS, XEflTUCtfT "KFRIDAY, DECEMBER llSlf,"7page ion"' W ' ':.-A-HL4.' 'ICOLORED LABORERS UHGOVElrl,JL-There is an old negro refrain,born long years ago in the mind ofthe old-tiine Southern darkey, ofplantation fame, which runs, "Insome lonesome graveyard, O, Lord,bow long? It is suggestive of thefear of "haunts" and spooks with-which the old-time colored peoplewere imbued, and that leads up co alocal application of the old refrain.The discovery of a skull in the eldabandoned graveyard near the PaiisIce Manufacturing Co.'s plant Wednesday by colored laborers engagedin digging trenches for a new sewersystem, caused a panic in their ranks,and the abandonment of work forquite a while. One of the men,while vigorously wielding a pick,was dumbfounded when he felt anunusual weight on the end of hispick, and in turining to dislodge it,found it was a skull. Where he hadbeen working was evidently a gravefrom which the bones had never beenremoved. With a yell of terror thatwas heard far and near, he droppedthe grewfcqme object and sprang f r )mthe trench, followed with almostlightning-like rapidity by a numberof other workmen, which took a bluefunk when they found a "hant" soclose to the scene of their labors.Only the most persuasive argumentson the part of Mr. A. D. Sant, thesewer contractor, could persuade thefrightened and superstitious men toreturn to their work, which wastransferred to other parts of the sewer for the time being. During the daya number of bones were unearthed,together with several articles thatbad been at one time of value, suchas a ring, some jewelry, side combs,etc., but now mildewed and damagedby their long stay under the soil.That part of the sewer work nowunder construction runs through an-old cepnetery which it was thoughtall the bodies had been removed,many of them to the present cemeterygrounds. At the time is was in existence it was a resting place for theibodies of many of the prominent;people of that day.f5KlsTHE BOYS' CHRISTMAS STORE.The name J. W. Davis & Co. on agift to a boy means a whole lot toliim.P3 ta laDON'T WEAR POOR GLASSES!Job was the most patient man in-the world. But he never wore 10cglasses. See Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin for the best.NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.(x)!3 fe 15PAROCHIAL SCHOOLS.The response of private and parochial schools of America to the call ofPresident Wilson for enlistment ofschool children in the United StatesSchool Garden Army was significantas indicating that the patriotism ofprivate and parochial schools is .genuine and universal.Large -numbers of children from'these schools enlisted in the GardenArmy, planted and cultivated theirgardens, wore the army badge, displayed the service flag, and enteredfully into the patriotic spirit of increasing-foodproduction that cursoldier boys and allies might be wellfed.AN APPROPRIATE AND ACCEPTABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT.-Nothing is more appropriate for aChristmas gift than one of- , thosefancy boxes or baskets of Miss HoPadays delicious candies. Leave your-order now,(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.i TEa fe iBEST OP ALL.Would- not your wife be delightedto find" a McDougall Kitchen Cabinet in her kithchen Christmas morning? $1.00 will put one there. Joinour new club.(tf) " THE J. T. HINTON CO.SILK SHIRTSWould make an excellent gift forany man $5 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO,OPENING OP TOBACCO MARKETJHEXT WEDNESDAYNext Wednesday, December 11. isthe date- set for the opening of theloose leaf tobacco market in Paris,the new&ndependent Warehouse having a sae scheduled for that day.Several big concerns are .opposedto an ".early opening of the market,and sayfjthey will not put buyers onthe floors in Kentucky until afterA Bourbon county farmer who paid$265 Jin. acre last year for his farm,statedvthat he had sold his crop ofthirtyafcres of tobacco to a LexingtonOmyer. for '$40 per hundred pounds.The purchaser is to haul the productto Lexington. The farmer addedthat $4 crop would average morethan 2400 pounds to the acre,whick-will yield him about $25,000.j m m. Fln$ Wind and LightningThMnt;ttfedtad ryan.3IEW JSERSSS -' OP CHRISTMASSAVUKJ CLUB HOW READY.Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in our-iew series. You can start with 5-ceats or $i.0, and have a nice checkopiingnfert Christmas. -FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.m . . ' jf jH--Mnl ; ( h.fcnR 9 JKV 1 ct tf zflMHIHt lYnf if JW Hi IVm w 1 t scjb 1 11 m.nwn i vy r r - . r x. mm j 1 n or jitb v: i - - --" - - - -.-DO YOUR -ristmasbhoppin- &ft ",1 HMREAt Paris5 Greatest Department Sto(reChristmas HosieryAlways AcceptableYou cannot choose a gift thatwill be surer of being: acceptable than a pretty pair of Hose.Our stock of Gift Hose is at itsbest.Women's Silk Fibre Hoseblack and white, per pair50cWomen's Silk Hoseblack, white and demandablesuit shades, also fancy and embroidered hose, per pair$2;00 to $3.00We are Ready for Christmas ShoppersChristmas shoppers will find this store is the home of practical and useful gifts and that everything is arranged so as tomake choosing easy.The Christmas Handkerchiefs are here in bountiful array, asare the Christmas Gloves, Hosiery, Furs, Bath Robes, Silk andCrepe de Chine Underwear, Blouses, Neckwear, Sweaters, TableLinens and Napkins, Women's Dresses, Coats, Children's Coats andDresses, Blankets,Comforts, Women's Handbags Munsing wear, Millinery, Etc. All priced according to Simon's policy of low pricings.Of Course, GiveHandkerchiefsHandkerchiefs for Christmasare always safe and chosen fromour beautiful assortment of GiftHandkerchiefs are sure to bemost acceptable.Women's Handkerchiefsin gift boxes, 3 in box, per box,25c 35c 50c75c $1.00- Children's Handkerchiefs2 in box tOc3 in box 15c and 25c1Christmas GlovesGloves is another gift that is alwaysacceptable and most practical. Simon'sChristmas Gloves, as usual, offer a largeassortment for your choice.Women's Kid Gloves black and alldesirable shades, Women's Silk Gloves,in all the new fall and winter shades,Ghamoisette Gloves in a number of different colors.Dainty Waists for ChristmasRegular $7.50 Values$4.98Attractive creations in Georgette Crepes and Crepe deChine. The most winsome models of the season. Big bargains at the above special price.Higher Priced Waists at $10.00, $12.50, $15.00Bath RobesA pretty Blanket Bath Robe chosenfrom the pretty assortment we areshowing will make a gift that will beappreciated by any woman.Extra Good Values at$5.00 to $5.00Distinctive ModelsIn Women's CoatsAt $25.00 to $100.00Now that the cold weather is just starting it is hightime that you bought your Winter Coat. By choosingfrom our large variety of exclusive and distinctive models you are sure to get just the coat that will exactlyfit your individuality. At the above prices they are trulyunusual values.Now is Your Chance to Buy Your Winter Suit at BigPrice ReductionsThese suits consist of the newest and most distinctive styles of the season's mostapproved modes. All the most called-for fabrics and colors are represented. Manymodels are fur trimmed. Rare bargains at these Special Reductions:$47.50 Suits &OQ CAnow reduced to i)fcyiW$39.50$49.50$59.50 Suitsnow reduced to.$65,00 Suitsnow reduced to . .$79.50 Suits LCQ Eftnow reduced to ?3i3U$69.50$79.50$89.50 Suitsnow reduced to$125.00 Suitsnow reduced toTSee Our Beautiful Showing of Christmas Furs!A handsdme'piece or set of Purs is a gift that will lasfofor years and keep the giyer.long in the memory of the recipient. Our showing of Christmas Furs is one that will be sure to interest Christmas shoppers, and contains a splendid-assortment of desirable skins in newest shapes in Muffs andNeck Pieces at prices that are remarkably low. ; 'THE PLACEYOU LIKETO SHOPSIMONWHEREYOU SAVEMONEYBOTJBBON TOBACCO C0MPAIYISSUES INTERESTING .STATEMENT.The Bourbon. Tobacco WarehouseCompany issues a general statement'to the tobacco growers of Bourboncounty, in this issue of THE NEWS,in which the farmers are advised towait. Urgent and cogent reasons are''given why the growers should be inno hurry to get their tobacco to market before the full buying forces areon hand to atttend the sales.The Bourbon and Paris warehousesare both open for the receipt of tobacco, and, as explained in the opening paragraph of the statement, thetobacco received on the floors will beheld for, the growers without cost, orto sell on December 11, if they wishto sell, after being informed of existing conditions.Growers, farmers and tobacco men1 generally, should read this statement,(which is a fair, able and completeFexposition of reasons why thtireshould be no rush for early marketste fe S3BUPTUBE EXPERT HERESeeley, Famous In This Specialty,Called .to Paris.CUT IXOWERS.Choice cut flowers in 'bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers may be used. Prompt attention given, all orders whether largeor small.JO.' VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.F. H. Seeley, of Chicago and Philadelphia, the noted truss expert, willpersonally be at the Windsor Hoteland will remain in Paris, - Thursdayonly, Dec. 12. Mr. Seeley says:"The Spermatic Shield will not onlyretain any case of rupture perfectly,but contracts the opening in 10 dayson the average- case. This instrument received the only award in England and in Spain, .producing resultswithout surgery, injections, medicaltreatment or prescriptions. Mr.Seeley has documents from the United States Government, Washington,D. C, for inspection. All charitycases without charge, or i any interested call, he will be glad to showsame without charge or fit them itdesired. Business demands preventstopping at any other place in this'section.P. S. Every statement in this 110-itice ias been verified before the Federal ana state courts. F: H. Seeley.' (1-t-adv)NOTES PROM THE LODGES,; Wm. Lail and Wolford Ewalt, both'of Paris, were recently initiated intothe mysteries of the Brotherhood ofPailroad Clerks, at Winchester.jjrA large class will be given thePjythian Rank by Rathbone , Lodge,Knights of Pythias, as soon as the influenza ban is lifted. At the lastmeeting three more applicants werepresented and accepted. The order isniaking a membership drive thismonth, offering a special rate of $10.fpr new members. ' ' ' ' ' .t?. These have been dull tipnes withthe .fraternal and secret orders dueto influenza ban, which prohibitedpublic assemblages. 'Only ten'mem-trs are allowed in.' the lodge , roomsmeeting nights, in order that necsary business may be transacted.IS fe. feHOIIDAY, GIFTS,-, ,.,DON'T STAY NAT THE BOTTOM;'Some men are satisfied to remainat the bottom of the ladder. Othersare wiseand-by using Dr.PWm. RileyFranklin's glasses; Isoofifrellmb-io tlxetop.ir?I The A. " J? Winters" Col-; yoiir -headiquarters for Holiday gifts. (x)km m teAN IR0NT0N HEATER., .IS., .JUSTp ' fTHETMOK. ' ' l ' ;It '' . ;.;:'Why worry about what -tp, buy. forChristmas gift. Yoi"ni&"& gasfheater any way. Buy one for mother's Christmas gift. The whole family will enjoy and gpt the, benefit ofiit, .too. When it comes to heaters,an Ironton settles the argument. Welmve ja large stock of all sizes.A .'papth nAQ jr- nvr.TT'rvP'RTr' nrr r -"-- r. y w'jt,xy v An corpora teaEVERY-MEMBER CANVASS' The annual "Every-Member Canvass" conducted by the Paris Christian church, will be put into effectnext' Sunday. The deacons n of Thecongregation will visit the homes ofevery member of the congregation onthat day.The object of the "Every-Member-Canvass"as orginally planned, is tomake provision for meeeing thechurch expenses for the year 1919,now fast approaching. The city andcounty will be divided into districts,and the aim of the officers will be tosee every member of the congregation, and to Mnnress. unon each onethe necessity of bearing his or herpart in meeting the financialobligations of the church.The churches beine: closed underthe operation. of the influenjja.ban, itis me nope, or tne works that therewiirtie'xio trouble iirloca ting" churchmembers ':rat home" on.-next. Sunday.IS3 fe 3SEND JN YOUR MITE BOXES 'Mrs. T. J. Flora requests all (members of the Junior and Baby Divisions of tiLe Christian church missionary society to send in their miteboxes either to her of the E. M.Wheeler Co.'s store, on Main street.The Juniors are also requested tosend in their dues of fifteen cents forthe last'quarter, also their donationsof potatoes for their annual Christmas offering to Mrs. Flora,CHECKS FOR TEACHERS1County Superintendent of. SchoolsJ. B. Caywood on Wednesday receiveda check from State SuperintendentV. O. Gilbert for ?2,p76.75, to furnish funds for paying the teachers ofthe Bourbon county schools.Tr-o payments will be inade to theteachers to-morrow (Saturday) in theoffice of SupU Cavywo'pd,. and willbein the nature of Christmas' jmohey forthe teachers. All teachers are lequested to call promptly at" Mr. Caywood's office and VketV feeu; money. 'This will be notice to ''that effect.TOYS AT LAVTN' '&' (30rtNEII,JS.SANTA CXAUS HEiDQJOFAR'EERSToys in endless Variety, 'for boysand girls velocipedes,' wagons,skates, sleds, drums, and -everything'to make the- little'1' ondsrJ 'happy wehaye it. Candy, 'fruit,1 'dates, figs, etc.Come and see wha;t-Wehave and -weare sure- that the" quality and priceswill please: you. tr-' j,.r,Cx) 2LAVIN & .CORNELL.1 J'7TNEW SERIES OP' CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW.READY..,.t.,,uBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check next4Christmas. Start with us. no'w in.curnew series. You can, start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a lice' check xcoming' next Christmas., V,' .. FARMERS' feTRAD'E'SSX-BIfK.,,(x) -.iV'1VnLFRIDAV, DECEMBER 6, 19v18rTHE BOTOBONPAGE JITSPIl rVavxffOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECHRISTMAS TURKEY MAR-KET.We will commence receivingturkeys for the Christmas marKet on Tuesday, December 3rd,and hope to continue untilFriday, December 13th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(dec3-3t)T95 fe feWHEN YOU NEED GLASSES9'if a word to the wise is sufflruvnth when you need glasses this is they t2& iqFOB, THE LADIES.We are showing a big line of writing desks, tea wagons, sewingstands, davenports, kitchen cabinets, serving trays and many otheruseful articles,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.n3 5 pSHOHTERS HAVING GOOD LUCK,Reports from hunters in the fieldsin. the county report good sport as faras me rauoits are concerned, outthat quail are (more than elusive,and an uncertain quantity. Theyseem to be wilder and harder to findthan usual, owing possibly to thefact that they have been "well protected in preceding seasons. Rabbits are on the market in smallnumbers, -v r t S& pE3 p3EAST &ARIS W0MA1T SUSTAINSSEBIOUS BUENS.While replenishing the fire in agrate at her home in East Paris,Mrs. Sue Moran sustained seriousburns when her clothing caughtfire. She was seriously burned aboutthe back and lower part of the bodybefore help could be summoned andthe flajm.es extinguished.airs. Moran, who is now in .hereighty-fifth, year, is the mother ofMrs. Frank M. Clay, who resideswith her. On account of her advanced age her injuries are causingmuch apprehension among herfriends.ABE YOU SOMEWHAT PUZZLED?NO TROUBLE ABOUT IT HEREIf it's in the jewelry line we haveit.(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.m Ka BBNEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of tle happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us now in ournew series. You can start with 5cents or $5.00 and have a nice checkcoming next Christmas.. FARMERS' & TRADERS' BANK.(x)E3 151 ISMILK FAMINE IN PARIS SENDSPRICES AWAY UP.Paris is experiencing a milk famine with prices the highest everknown here. Both, at wholesale andretail it cojmmands fifty-six cents rergallon. Creameries are paying sixty-eightcents for cream, which accounts for the scarcity of milk.Within the past few months, threedairy firms have gone out of business. Residents of the city are being supplied by persons living neartown, who have a few cows. Callingfor cream in your coffee is like aak-ing for gold coin where there is nojth-Mig but paper money in the cash legister. YOU HAD BETTER HURRY BUYTO-DAY.Get your order in early with BruceHolladay for Miss Holladay's candies.Sugar is scarce and the supply willbe limited this year, so order now;See our line of novelty baskets, allshapes and colors all prices,(x) BRUCE HOLLADAY.51 fe 183THE CHRISTMAS STORE.A wonderful display ofChristmas Goods is beingshown at ovr store. Something for every member ofthe family from the little totto the grandparent. See ourwindow display for gifts forthe children. The priceswill surprise you.E. M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.; B fcWITH THE SHUT-INSMrs. Edward T. Hinton is ill at herhome on Pleasant street. Mr. andMrs. Albert Hinton, who have beenill at their home on High street,were reported, yesterday ,as improving. Mr. andHrs, W. E. Honey ateill with influenza at their home onSeventh street. County AttorneyDavid D. Gline is an influenza patient at the fassie Memorial Hospital. Mrs, -Dudley Rose and twochildren are ill .with pneumonia attheir home on the Gano Hildrethplace, near Paris. .Among the influenza victims' reported yesterday .asbeing somewhat improved are Mrs.Tolney Ferguson, of;ner'entervi:ie,Mrs. George R. Bell, Mr. BucknerWoodford and' vMrs. Samuel Willis.Capt. F. E. Nelson continues veryill at his home on Eighth street. Heis under the care of a trained nusefropi Cincinnati. Dr. J. H. Comer,of Paris, who has been quite III ofpneumonia at the home of liis father-in-law,Mr. Nat Collier, near M51lersburg, is almost recovered. Mrs.Comer and their son are entirelySOCIAL 8A33D PERSONAL. 'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.andM!? y Ma daughter of Mr.Tin Charles May accepteda position with Daugherty Bros.wiT o Nacy Griffith entertainedm w C?Hon and tea at her hoenoon Aaf Stret' Wednesday after?ovPd Jarge ?umber guests enjoyed a pleasant afternoon.McrfMn w ?onnell?y. son of Mrs. Jno.Memori J' V P-at?nt at the MasieMemorial Hospital, in this citv-h reCILtly underwent atonsils!011 adenoids and removal ofParti S? tJS llise White- ofPar s, and Mildred Woods, of Shel-byville, were recent guests of MrResell Frank, of Pari!, at the Ken!tucky Military Institute f ?:Ji!ortheVnhstitdutr J theSociety of Kentucky. Wotmen in NewYork." Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr has returned fropi a very pleasant visit toher friend, Mrs. C. L. Martin, in Louisville. -Miss Nathalie Linville, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Harry Linville, spentThursday morning in Lexingtonshopping.Dr. and Mrs. Hart, of Somerset,have moved to Clintonville, to theKenney home, where Dr. Hart willopen his office.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained very delightfully with adinner party last evening at herhome on Houston avenue. ,-The Girl Scouts ,are going toserve hot chocolate and sandwichesevery Friday afternoon at the RedCross Tea Rooms, commencing thisafternoon.Reports from the bedside of Lir.N. Ford Brent, of Paris, who recentlyunderwent an operation at the MayoBrothers' Hospital, in Rochester,Minn., state that he is rapidly improving. This is decidedly pleasantnews to the many friends of Mr.Brent, .who is one of the most prcpiinent factors in the1 business file ofParis.(Other Personals on Page 3)Institute.t nF ?? ana Demcrat: "Missof -Kerney', of Paris' is the guestof Miss Hazel Brewsaugh. . . TMrs.?itY CJeV?lald' of near Paris, camethe end of the week to visit hermother, Mrs. Sue R. Talbott, and hersisters Misses Rosina Elder Bes-S?rfM ? Nettie Curtis' of .and Mattie Young, of Frankfort, areoccupying the places in the Cynthi-ana telephone exchange of the youngwqjmen who are on the sick list "Miss Nancy Griffith entertainedwith a tea on Wednesday at her homeon Pleasant street, the hours beingfrom 3 to 5 o'clock. It was a mostdelightful affair and was given incompliment to the young lady at-iduues or tne Keel Cross Tea Rooms, I Beautiful Fancy Novelty Basketst u been so successfully ope- i in all shapes and colors. Beautifulrated by them. ,There were about ' boxes of one, two, three and fiveforty guests present. Mrs. James pound candies of the famous Miss1 hompson served .lea while Mrs. Holladay make, are very acceptableKathenne Davis Craig poured colfee. Christmas gifts.LETTER FROM ORFffAN 16 ?ARIS4 BENEFACTORMiss Kate Alexander recently received a letter from France from aFrench war orphan "adopted" by hersome months ago. The letter waswritten from Beatimp Franw nkwas as follows in a spirit of gratitude and appreciation:J "Beaume, France."Dear, Friend Benefactress. Ihasten to respond to your letter thatI have received. I have received withpleasure- your gift. I thank you forjmy little girl Jeanne, age 5 years,the sum which you have sent."I have been employed in the culture of the fields ever since the saddeath of her father."The gift that you have sent tomy little girl enables me to buy forher the- necessities. I thank youagain, my dear benefactress, for thegift you have made, also that yourdear America has come to the aid ofour poor France.: "MADAM GORMIET,"and JEANNE GORMIET."FRA1NFK&C0.LADIES'-OUTFITTERS'VrINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm'etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan." tea Ki felFANCY BASKETS AND BOXESSalads, sandwichesserved.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmerand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. ,m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.(6-td)and ices wereMr. Frederick A. Wallis, of NwYork, where he is now Fourth Deputy Police Commissioner, recently entertained the members of the departmenVat a dininS at the Waldorf-Astoria,in celebration of the good workdone by the department in connection with the Fourth Liberty Loan.A new York paper says: "MayorHylan, although not on the list ofspeakers, appeared at an opportunemoment and added his word of praiseto that of the other speakers, whowere Richard E. Enright, police commissioner; Bishop Luther Wilson,Abram L.Elkus, Henry Morganthauand Thojmas F. McAvoy. The featureof the evening was the awarding ofthe prizes to members of the department who had sold the most LibertyBonds in the campaign. Mr. Wallis,a prominent insurance man beforebeing appointed Deputy Police Commissioner, comes from Paris, Ky., andis well known in that town and inLexington, where he and Mrs. Wallisfrequenty visit. He served severalterms as secretary of the KentuckySociety of New York, and Mrs.Wallis is a former president of the(x)BRUCE HOLLADAY.Ta 3 isiA MAN LIKES A MAN'S GIFTFrom a jman's store done up m aman's package. You'll find that sortof service here. iJ. W. DAVIS & CO.IS fe E3FOR THE BLACK CAKEFresh ingredients for that blackcake: Citron, seeded and seedlessraisins, dates, shelled nuts, orangeand lemon peel, spices, etc.(x) CHAS. P. COOK & CO.Pony to LoanI have a gentle pony to loan tosome reliable party for its keep during the winter someone who willcare for it well.MRS. CHAS. A. DUNCAN,Cumberland Phone 643,(6-tf) Paris, Ky.The Best Gft of AllThe Celebrated Clear-ToneCrescenteolaTalking MachineA Gift That the Whole Family Will EnjoyIIIBeautifulIn ConstructionMarvelousIn ReproductionPlays any make ofDisc Records withoutchange of attachments.Embodies the Bestin a Perfect Talking Machine-Combines quality andutility with a moderateprice.ii ll i HfllBHiP I 'Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgriculatural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p. m,, to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6-td)REDUCTIONSINFor Rent.Five-room cottage at Hansonstreet and Lilleston avenue. Alsofurnished front room at Fourth andPleasant streets. Apply to(6-tf) MRS. R. M. HARRIS.8ANDJERSEY AND SATINDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSsr:Come In Today and See the Different Styles and Hear Them Play.Our DIrect-from-the-Factory SellingPlan Saves Our CustomersMany DollarsBetter stop to-day if you are thinking of buying atalking machine for Christmas, as we only have a'few ofthese machines and may not be able to get more in timefor Christmas. .,Lady Helen Chocolate CherriesJust received fresh. - SoecialTry a box; you ,will be "delighted with them. 'Brooks & Snapp Drug Co.41 5 Main Streetl80c LftOur PHONOGRAPHS not only play idl DiscRecords, but they are artistic and of the highest qual-iity, and the prices are most reasonable.DoMusicWithoutYour HomeBuy YourPhonographForChristmasNOWWe deliver when youwish.HearOur RecordsThey have a mes'sage for you.BY THEBEST ARTISTS. Come in now. Don't wait till the last minute.we are waning ror you now. iou can play all orparty a you please.THEJ.T.HIITOJVeOaMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGMElTtl ERPHONE" 36SIXTH.AND MAIN STS'tffcsMmkh -1 .ihiirr"-well.FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1918.PAGE SIXTHE BOUMOJC Wm MRIS, KEHTUCK 1 ,--ir- $m.-ill( Toilet 2Preparationssupply the very help naturerequires. They rectify morbidskin conditions then trom thesource of skin health, springsloveliness of natural beauty.Don't confuse Marinello Preparation, with ordinary cosmetics.They're different. They ?rr:f faultsand foster natural "Rose Real"Beauty.M. A. PATONPhone 1010516 MainWil 'HMi , It wasnt America's war. Of all'the nations involved American suf-TKEE COURSE OFFERED IN ARTS fered the least. The appalling bloodAND CRAFT. lcost fel1 most heavily upon Europe.' And the German fate will in theIn response to a call from the finality be decided at Europeanoffice of the Surgeon General of the hands."War Department for trained teach- Germany knows this. Knows that-ers of "arts and crafts," a free course she can hope for little mercy at Euof instruction to men and women ropean " hands. But she is countingwho wish to fit themeslves to become largely upon the influence of sympasoldiers' aids is offered in Cleveland, thetic American public opinion.Ohio. i But more she is counting upon herThis reconstruction work with the friends here to arouse that sympathy,wounded and disabled soldiers will Right now the American duty is to"be taught in a course to begin No- block this propaganda,vember 18, given by the Cleveland To keep hands off and let GermanyChapter of the Red Cross in co-opera- face her fate.tion with the Cleveland School of Every active sympathizer foundArt and Western Reserve University, pleading the German cause should beFive evenings a week and seventy leported to the federal authoritieshours of field work in local hospi- instantly,tals or selected institutions complete j With America it's thumbs down.the course which will be given only jto those who pledge whole or parttime service in reconstruction work,either as a government aid, head aidor supervisor, or by special arrange-ThfdfiSST in Iocal"Sf SSSSfto will includeSLrt structure and color design, claymodelling and pottery, basketry, in--cluding"chair-caning and rush-seat-dni: e ementery wooTwoX toy-m-intaud woc&arving. petal workand jewelry and mechanical drawing.T ,,.,: A ,- i.., xriMuTSSlcourses. Work in medical and acad-mic hospital ethics and military pro-cedure, with Grace E. Allison, ofthe Lakeside Training School forNurses as instructor; physical recon-struction, insurance and pensionstaught by W. F. Shaw, chairman ofAnroi rwccin,, fr Toonn.fitructive Educational Work; hygiene " of tteF went 'Tand sanitation taugnt by Dr. G. E.,"' and many more were readyHarmon, of tne Medical scnooi, west-era Reserve University; psychology,Professor H. Austin Aikins, of Western Reserve University, instructor,on methods of teaching English toforeigners, with Huldah Cook, ofWestern Reserve University as instructor. All classes of this course whichnds February 21, will be held atthe Cleveland School of Art.Jsa"WITHTHE SOUTHERNGRAPHERS.PARA-The National Press Club, of Washington, has requested newspaper mento pack away their dress suits untilafter the war. In the case of the average newspaper man, the assumption that he is able to possess a dresssuit is flattery to a degree. Norfolk"Virginian-Pilot.Berlin crowds sang the "Marseillaise" in front of the Kaiser'spalace in Berlin a few days ago.Won't those Berlin crowds go fairly"wild when they hear "Dixie" by the"bands leading our American boysthrough Unter den Linden? Nashville Banner.Smile!A cfnnH- ww- nsmilemakes its own weRightliving makes the smile.INSTANT POSTOMinstead of coffee putsmany a man on the way..to smiling health andsuccess. "THERE'S A REASON"IT'S THUHBS;D0WH!So far as' America is concerned itis thumbs down for Gerjmany untilthe peace conference has finally decided her fate.Gerjmany's friends in America mustbe made to realize this.For already the German propagandists are getting busy in her behalf.Now that the armistice has beensi sued, the war to all intents andpurposes ended, they are talking!sympathetically of the stricken fatherland. Trying to sway public opinion inher behalf.And it must be stopped.Germany halted at nothing in hermad raid upon Europe. Every principle of humanity was tossed into thediscard. No cruelty, no outrage, noform of destruction and devastationwas too drastic. And in her methods of warfare she set a pace thathorrified all civilization.And finally, when she was all in,! beaten to a standstill, and whippedbeyond hope of recovery, she cameto us with, bloody hands up, pleadingfor imercy!?a Es Pa"THE SOLDIER VOTE.".ii, -cAH-r. va-bS:CS2;"5J? SSL b5.ilactui lu ue icunuucu vyuu in. ."-future. In his editorial Editor snmnick says:"When Johnny comes marchingme-" When the soldier boys have5 ,a.JlSpeaceful walks of life, and they arecomms: soon, tnen will oe timeenou for Prospective candidates toth e ordeaJ P o giv the m p oliticalftntp Sfi out n 2that the soldier vote will cut a bigflSuf? in the next' and succeedingC1C"UU -'More than eighty thousand of theyoung men of Kentucky donned thenumnao nf fip-htinp" fnr wnrlrt rlAmnn-"""" --------" VIracy. The large majority of themwill vote as they fought, or wantedto fight, for democracy. They stoodtogether in the war and they willstand together for each other whenthey return. Whatever a soldier boywants in reason, he should have. Weowe it to him and if one of themwants a State or county office thefact that he was in the army willhave its influence with those whorecognize his right to encouragementand preferment."Ps te feThose disposed to hysteria mightcopnpose themselves with the reflection that the President will not set-!tle the war without the sanction ofthe otehr Allies, and those worthiescould not settle it without similar' co-operation, if they wanted to.Chattanooga News.And now, according to Copenhagendispatches, Ludendorff has fled toSweden. Is there any who did not'show the yellow streak when thepinch came?There will be just 51 drinks ofbeer per capita in the country afterDecember 1, I am told. After thebrewery wagon drivers get theirswhere do the rest of us come in??-DELIGHTED IN HIS FREEDOMYoungster's Chief Enjoyment of Vacation Came From His Defianceof All Conventionalities.The best sort of vacation and theonly kind that really is a benefit tothe one taking it, according to LewisWeisenberger, Is the one on which allconventional rules of conduct arebroken. To enjoy a vacation one mustdo absolutely as he pleases, Mr. Weisenberger continues.In proof of this contention Mr. Weisenberger tells the following story ona young lad with whom he hibernatedin the wilds of Michigan for severalweeks this summer.The campers had taken a large sup:ply of towels with them, as bathingwas expected to feature the holidayevents. On arrival at camp each member of the vacation, party received hisapportionment of the towels and thelad was duly included in the division.On the second day of the vacationweek Mr. Weisenberger was surprisedto find the young lad's supply oftowels packed securely away in onecorner of the cottage, thus far untouched. He immediately summonedthe lad and inquired whose towelshe had been using, since his own supply was undiminished. He was not alittle taken back by the lad's reply:"Aw, I didn't wash my face yesterday." Even with face unwashed and towels untouched, the young barbarianprobably enjoyed the vacation tripmore than did any other member ofthe party, Mr. Weisenberger says.And the reason for the lad's enjoyment, he believes, is the fact that heviolated all rules of personal etiquetteand lived one entire day with his faceinnocent of ablutions. IndianapolisNews.REALLY NO TROUBLE AT ALLPossibly American Colored Cook andFrench Baker Belonged tothe Same Lodge.The American Red Cross canteen atDijon, France, boasts the possessionof Tom, a colored cook from the stateof Georgia. Saturday nights Tommakes "something special." The lastSaturday in August the special waschocolate layer cake. Thomas had nosuitable oven, and so without the aidof a single word of French he induceda nearby French baker to loan hisidle ovens."How did you do it, Tom?" MisaField, the directress, asked him."Oh, I jes' told him that these hereboys of ours would certan'y appreciate it if he would bake a little cakefor em. An' he didn't make no fuss"bout it. 'Certainment, he says, andeo I puts the cakes in the oven, an'that's all there is to it""Tom," replied Miss Field, "you are"a wonder."That is what our boys said whenthey ate the cake.' Deserves a Better Job.We climbed into a motor accompanied by Marcus. Marcus, by the way, isone of the characters of the unit, Major Theodore Waters writes in theChristian Herald. He is more thanthat; he is an institution, is Marcusa product of the peculiar stressthrough which Jerusalem has passed.He says he is 14 years old. But helooks much younger and acts much older. He can read and writes English,Kussian, French and Arabic, and hepassed through all the regimes, Turkish, German and English, and he hastaken toll of each in the acquiring oflanguages and baksheesh. Yet, strangely enough, he is both Industrious andhonest, and is the sole support of hiswidowed mother. If you would knowwhat he looks like, imagine a gnomeabout three and a half feet high, asbroad as a brownie and as brown as aberry, with two big dark eyes thatshine out of the middle of a perpetualsmile.New Motive Power for Barges.In a novel English method of propulsion for canal barges, a small airpump driven by the engine creates avacuum in the chamber containing thepropeller, and this draws the waterabove the level of the canal. This arrangement is claimed to lessen the erosive effects making increased speedspracticable. A barge of 32 tons wasprepared for trial by mounting on itan old motor car engine of 18 to 20horse power, and from preliminarytests was expected to run about fivemiles an hour when loaded, and eightor nine miles vmen empty.Heroic Frenchman.Lieut. S. Coulier, French ace, twenty years old, and who has broughtdown 17 Boche planes In France, hasgiven onlookers thrills by his nervyperformances at all fields in the United States. He came overfrqm Francea few weeks ago as instructor. His favorite pastime is to execute all thegreat stunts, such as spinnig nosedives, loops and Immelman turns with200 feet of -the ground. The averageflyer, even if expert, prefers to try thisgame several thousand feet higher,where he is 6afe.Golfing Prospects.An artillery officer, who had beena fairly well known golfer and a keenenthusiast, was looking out across a!rolling plain in France that only recently had been heavily pounded byshell fire."I've seen some well trappedcourses," he said, "but I must say thisis the best bunkered course I've everrun across. There's a pit every 20feet. Par here must ho nbout 200."ADVICE TO "FLU"CONVALESCENTSSPAIN AND ENGLAND REPORTINCREASE IN TUBERCULOSISAFTER INFLUENZAEPIDEMIC.U. S. Public Health Service WarnsPublic Against Tuberculosis.One Million Cases Tuberculosis in United States Each aSource of Danger.Influenza Convalescents Should HaveLungs Examined Colds Which HangOn Often Beginning of Tuberculosis.No Cause for Alarm if TuberculosisIs Recognized Early Patent Medicines Not to Be Trusted.k Beware tuberculosis after In-k fluenza. No need to worry ifyou take precautions in time.Don't diagnose your own con-dltlon. Have your doctor exam-k ine your lungs several times atmonthly intervals. Build up yourk strength with right living, good-k food and plenty of fresh air. kk Don't waste money on patentk medicines advertised to cure tu-k berculosis. kk Become a fresh-air crank andenjoy life,Washington, D. C. (Special.) According to a report made to the UnitedStates Public Health Service, the epidemic of Influenza In Spain has already caused an increase in the prevalence and deaths from pulmonary tuberculosis. A similar association between influenza and tuberculosis wasrecently made by Sir Arthur Newsholme, the chief medical officer of theEnglish public health service, in hisanalysis of the tuberculosis death rateIn England,In order that the people of the United States may profit by the experienceof other countries Surgeon GeneralRupert Blue of the United States Pub'He Health Service has just Issued aWarning emphasizing the need of special precautions at the present time."Experience seems to indicate," saysthe Surgeon General, "that personswhose resistance has been weakenedby an attack of influenza are peculiarly susceptible to tuberculosis. Withmillions of Its people recently affectedwith influenza this country now offers conditions favoring the spread oftuberculosis."On Million Consumptives In theUnited States."Then you consider this a seriousmenace?" was asked. "In my opinionit is, though I hasten to add it is distinctly one against which the peoplecan guard. So far as one can estimatethere are at present about one millioncases of tuberculosis in the UnitedStates. There is unfortunately nocomplete census available to show exactly the number of tuberculosis persons in each state despite the fact thatmost of the states have made the disease reportable. In New York city,where reporting has been in force formany years, over 35,000 cases of tuberculosis are registered with the Department of Health. Those familiarwith the situation bellsve that the addition of unrecognized and unreportedcases would make the number nearer50,000. The very careful health survey conducted during the past two-years in Framingham, Mass., revealed200 cases of tuberculosis in a population of approximately 15,000. If theseproportions hold true for the UnitedStates as a whole they would Indicatethat about one in every hundred persons is tuberculous. Each of theseconstitutes a source of danger to beguarded against"What to Do.In his statement to the public Surgeon General Blue points out howthose who have had Influenza shouldprotect themselves against tuberculosis. "All who have recovered from influenza," says the Surgeon General,"should have their lungs carefully examined by a competent physician. Infact, It Is desirable to have several examinations made'a month apart Suchexaminations cannot be made throughthe clothing nor can they be carriedout In two or three minutes. If thelungs are found to be free from tuberculosis every effort should be made tokeep them so. This can be done byright living, good food and plenty offresh air."Danger Signs.The Surgeon General warned especially against certain danger signs,such as "decline" and "colds whichbang on."These, he explained, were often thebeginning of tuberculosis. "If you donot get well promptly, if your coldseems to hang on or your health and'strength decline, remember that these!are often the early signs of' tuberculosis. Place yourself at once under' thecare of a competent physician. Tnbercalosls is curable In the early stages.Patent Medicines Dangerous in Tuberculosis. "Above all do not trust In the misleading statements of unscrupulouspatent medicine fakers. There Is nospecific medicine for the cure of tuberculosis. The money spent on suchmedicines is thrown away; it shouldbe spent Instead for good food and decent living."J"& .r J"3s wWRIGLEYSAll NowPink WrappersTo save tin foil for Uncle Sam,WRIGLEYS is now all wrappedin pink paper and hermetically-sealed in wax:1. The tangeyflavor of mint2. The lusciousdifferent flavor3. The soothingflavor of4 peppermintAll in pink-end packages andall sealed air-tight. Be Sureto get WRIGLEYS becauseThe FlavorIt is TimeTo Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY& MAY;:Xi!KGEO. W.FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTHIPHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.MAN ANDLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692the News Job Department is Always Busy."There's a Reason." Work Done Right!.-,v $yinLasts!i5?DAVISfin1X1IXIIXKKmay both derive salisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by. us.- Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of - new, .inconjunction with the? knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.. A phone brings us.1 rfMmiT?73F7wuij;M4.hl3tMv!ytf-j'R-rStvFRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 19 i 8.THE BOUBBON HEWS, PABIS, KEHTUCXYPAGE SEfJUTBADBREATHDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Geat the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand positively do the work.People afflicted with bad breath findquick relief through Dr. Edwardsdive Tablets. The pleasant, sugarcoated tablets are taken for bad breathby all who know them.Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly on the bowels and liver,stimulating them to natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire system. They do that whichdangerous calomel does without anyof the bad after effects.All the benefits of nasty, sickening;griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards' Olive Tablets without griping,pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint; with theattendant bad breath.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purelya vegetable compound mixed with oliveoil; you will know them by their olivecolor. Take one or two every night fora week and note the effect. 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.Aetna-AutoCombination PoliciesProtect AgainstFireTheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualtiesA. 0- FEEAGENTDown Goes TheHigh Cost of LivingMargolen's Big Specials ofFresh Home-Killed MeatsFor Friday and Saturday.fr Lb.Lard, 5 and 10-lb buckets 27cCountry Bacon 35cPork Chops 35cPork Roast 35cRound Steak 35cLoin Steak 35cSpring Lamb, hind quarters. .35cSpring Lamb, fore quarters. .30cPure Pork Sausage 35cSmoked Hams, 10 to 12 lbs. . .35cSliced Ham 40cBreakfast Bacon 45cHog Jowls for Greens 25cMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketbrighter;EVENINOSNothing adds to the pleasuresofahome, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.TlseSleetricityfor LWmIt's the only satisfactory way: Juse Setsorficanng and CookingIt's the orily sensible plan. 'Let Us Fix Yo UpFor the Use f ItthElectricity tnd Gft.HParis Gs & Electric Co;tfuttorvmttft)KifMH.w y"TV jTHE TSfflERICAN z RED CROSSCHRISTMAS ROLL CALL.The week of December 16-23 hasbeen set by the American Red CrossSociety as Red Cross Christmas RollCall, and universal membership hasbeen chosen as the keynote and goal.The significance of this importantdrive cannot be too widely emphasized. It means the enrollment ofevery loyal American as a member ofthe largest hujmantairian organization in the world.This thought was expressed byPresident Wilson, who is also President of the Red Cross, ami who, inhis memorable address last May,said: "I summon you to comradeship," and this appeal has soundedthe clarion call to every good American to enroll as a member of theRed Cross.The Roll Call is so planned andwill be so systematically conductedthat every loyal American no matterwhere he or she may live, will havethe opportunity and privilege of becoming a member.It seepns altogether appropriate tohave this Roll Call during the Christmas season, and with the dawn ofpeace at hand it should serve as afitting climax to an eventful year.A large membership in the RedCross means more 'over there' thanmoney," said Chairman Henry P.Davidson, upon his return from avisit to every battle front.Therefore, it is hoped and expected that the great ambition to enrollevery American will be realized, andwith that end in view it is the purpose of those in charge of the driveto make a personal appeal to everypatriotic citizen urging him to jointhe Red Cross.Mrs. Walter Payne is the localChairman of this work, and underher direction the city and county willbe divided and subdivided systematically, and each division will be incharge of capable assistants, who willpromptly carry out the directionsrecommended by the National, theDivision and the Chapter Chairmen.151 JUPSET STOMACHPape's Diapepsin At Once EndsSourness Gases, Acidity,Indigestion.Undigested food! Lumps of pam;belching gas, acids and sourness.When your stomach is all upset, hereis instant relief no waiting.The pnoment you eat a tablet ofPape's Diapepsin all the indigestionpain, dyspepsia misery, the sourness,gases and stomach acidity ends.Pape's Diapepsin tablets cost little at any drug store, but there is nosurer or quicker stomach reliefknown. (adv)J 1 IRED' CROSS CHRISTMAS SEALS.Everyone answering the Christmas Roll Call for universal membership in the Red Cross during theweek of December 16-23 will receivewith the membership ten 'of theChristjmas seals which have been soldin past years by the National Tuberculosis Association.This is to be the only method ofdistributing the seals this year, it isannounced by W. W. Wheeler, director of the Red Cross Christmas RollCairin Lake Division States of Ohio,Indiana and Kentucky."The American -lied Cross," saysMr. Wheeler, "has concluded an arrangement with the National Tuberculosis Association under which theRed Cross appropriated $2,500,000 toaid" the anti-tuberculosis work of theNational Tuberculosis Associationand asociations hitherto supported bythe sale of Christma seal."Now that the Kentucky gentlemanis beginning to slip real sugar backinto his morning toddy the Americanpeace celebration begins to take onthe outlandish attitude of recklessness. .jj;5rigr svus jjg-T Mrf 'HmDo YourChrismasShoppingNowOur stock is complete and readyfor immediate inspection. Watchour display.Twin Bros.Department Store .Main and 7th Paris. Ky,-- , - -rmifllHttflilB9nrsMINDIAN STALKERS GIVE TURKSATTACK OF NERVESSilent death in the blackness ofnight, the fate of unnumbered Turkish sentries surprised at their postsby patrols of Indian troops with theBritish army, has imposed upon theOttopnan soldiers a wholesome respect for these dark-skinned fighterswho have replaced many white contingents sent to other fronts.The cleverness of the Gurkhas atstalking has had a terrifying effectupon the minds of the Turks, who areconstantly finding their men dead atadvanced stations, with nothing tobetray the coming and going of thefoe. The result has been a case of"nerves" among the enemy, prompting constant alarmsGarkhas and Sikhus, eager for active fighting, are continually suggesting raids a-nd sectional attacks.In action the Indian troops are askeen as in anticipation of it. Theirapproach, even after the warning ofa barrage, inevitably is so swift asto take the Turks completely off theirguard. Recently in broad daylightGurkhas reached unobserved a pointwitnm close range ot tne enemytrench. They rushed it and withoutfiring a shot, killed fifteen Turks andbrought back as many prisoners.Only one of the attackers was wounded. A subaltern in charge of a partyof the Indians had an extraordianryexperience in this raid. He had stuckhis bayonet into a Turk, but was unable to disengage it, owing to thenarrowness of the trench. AnotherTurk nearby began jabbing the buttend of a rifle into the officer's ribs.Suddenly the Englishman saw his assailant's head leap frojm his shoulders, a Gurkha having dexterously decapitated him with his kookhri, aninvaluable weapon in close quarters.WILDCOCOON CROPCHURIA.IN MAN-One of the principal industries ofSoutheastern Manchuria is the rearing of the silkworm that producesthe "tussah," or wild silk, fromwhich all pongee fabrics are, woven.This variety of silkworm is knownto the Chinese as the mountain silkworm, owing to the fact that it is fedupon the leaves of a variety of dwarfoak found on mountain sides throughout this entire district. Two cropsof cocoons are produced each year,one in the spring and the other inthe autumn. The first crop is usedprincipally to obtain eggs for the second which is the more important andfurnishes the major part of the commercial supply. The 1918 spring cropof cocoons is approximately smallerthan usual. The quality is alsomuch poorer than, in normally largerainfall in the late spring and earlysummer. As a result of the unsatisfactory quality the price per 1,000cocoons is $3.80 local currency(equivalent to $2.40 American currency at prevailing exchange), ascompared with $5 local currency(equivalent at the then prevailingexchange to ?2.20 American currency) for July, 1917. The amount ofthe 1918 spring crop is estimated at14,000 baskets of 30,000 cocoonseach, as compared with 16,000 baskets in 1917.PROITTS FROM RABBITS.Fully 200,000,000 wild rabbits arekilled in the United States everyyear, according to estimates made bythe Biological Survey of the UnitedStates Department of Agriculture.Many of them are jack rabbits, themajority of which have not been utilized in the past. If all the rabbitskilled were consumed, they wouldrepresent between 200,000 and 300,000 tons of valuable food, and ifL proper measures were taken to insurethe collection of skins, these alonewould have a value of $20,000,000.The Biological Survey has frequentlyleen called upon to help Westernfarmers in coping with the rabbitpest. In view of the probable economic value of rabbit meat and furin the coming few years, the energiesof the farmers and ranchmen will bedirected to the conservation of thisimportant resource. Already a number of establishments for collecting,dressing, canning and shipping rabbit meat are in operation in Westerncenters. As in Australia, the transition of the wild rabbit in this country from its status as a pest to asource it is believed."HAIL" IN FRAffCO-ENGIISH.(Outlook.) NA soldier's letter says that whenhis regiment disembarked at a portin France the men were cheerily welcomed by a crowd of small childrenwho sang a song, the first line ofwhich ran something like this:' Oifpil, ze' gohbzoll ere,"The -words sounded like giberish tothe Americans, but the tune sefemedstrangely familiar and presently itdawned on the newcomers that thechildren were r singing, or trying tosing:in English,. "Haill'Tiail! the gang's all here!"The soldiers' predecessors fromAmerica had '"evidently 'thought itwould be nice foV the Incoming Sammies to hear 'something familiar, andso had taught the French childrenI to sing this somewhat boisterous airas a welcoming anthem.A real mean guy suggests that theneating arrangements at the peaceconference be Jeft'to Doc. Garfield, sothe conference' won't hang on toolong.MAY MEAN MUCH TO WORLDAviators Believe That Flying Is Boundto Have Qreat Influence on theKffhds of Men.Flying, in the opinion of Britishaviators, is going to change the character of the world's thought. It willhave a broadening influence and itwill bring a fresher, cleaner flow ofideas Into the brains of men.A man, the flyers, argue, who hasseen before him at the same time thecliffs of England, the long flat fields ofHolland and the smiling countrysideof Belgium and France is bound tothink in a different way than a manwhose horizon has always been bounded by bricks and mortar, or even byhill and dale.Traveling may have made him thinknationally, but flying will make himthink far more largely. He will seeEngland and France lying close toeach other, separated only by a shining strip of water. He will see thegreen and brown mosaic of Belgium,which in its turn merges Into the distant shadow of Holland, while, stillfarther on, across the wide Scheldthe will see the distant lowlands sweepon over the rim of the world.How will he regard petty spites between individuals and cliques then?the birdman asks. He can cover withhis thumb from the heights a feverish city swarming with a million people. What will he think of those wholive next to each other and will notspeak? How mean and "petty theirquarrels and jealousies and hates willseem.The true meaning of human intercourse and friendship will come hometo him. He will gain an almost divineoutlook upon the world. Dishonesty,civil strife, all will seem to himcontemptible. Perhaps, say the aviators, this Is the new view which willbring the millennium.NOTHING DOING FOR JOSEPHMight Be the Engineer, but Found HeHad Little Control OverSteam Powers.Meekly made up his mind that hewasn't going to be bossed any longerby his wife, so when he went liomeat noon he called out, Imperiously:"Laura ! Laura !"Mrs. Meekly came out of the kitchenwith perspiration on her face, herhands covered with war flour, and arolling-pin in her hand"What do you want with Laura?"she asked.Meekly J$aggered, but braced himself up. "I want you' to understand,madam" and he tapped his breastdramatically "that I am the engineerof this establishment, that I am ""Oh, you are, are you? Well, Joseph, I want you to understand thatI" here she looked dangerous "I amthe boiler that might blow up andsling the engineer over into the nextstreet. Do you hear the steam escaping, Joseph?"Joseph heard, and prayed that hemight be passed Grade 1 when hewent before the medical board. London Tit-Bits.Locating Ore Beds.Beds of ore are stated to have beenlocated at a distance of two and ahalf miles by the electrical methodpatented in the United States by Professor R. A. Fessenden. In the localitywhere the existence of valuable oresis suspected, a number of holes several miles apart are bored, then filledwith water, and a Fessenden sound oscillator Is immersed in one as a transmitting apparatus, the receiver submerged in each of the other holes being an' Elnthoven recording oscillograph. r The holes may be five milesor more apart over the area being investigated. In the study of the oscillograph records, special attention Is,given to the relation between soundsreceived direct and those from echoes,and it is found possible to get a fairidea of the character of interveningmasses of rock and of the position anddistance of neighboring deposits of ore.World's Greatest Soldier.Physically, Foch is a little man, hisInches are about those of Napoleon,and he has Grant's fondness for thecigar. Like Joffre, a sdutherner, hehas frankness of speech which his oldcommander has never displayed. Unlike Petain his words are rarely caustic and he. has made friends among allhis allies. An old man, close to seventy, yet younger than Clemenceau, hewas still handsome when the war began, but the strain has marked hisface and only his eyes reveal an unshaken spirit Frank H. Simonds inMetropolitan.Sing Sing Jail Short of Labor.The labor shortage has hit evenSing Sing, which has a stationary sup-ply of 1,500 men. The ofilcials arepuzzled because they are unwilUngto employ women. Although WardenMoyer has an allowance for a maid,he never has hired one. The onlywoman ever employed within the prison walls, a telephone operator, left'after a few days, saying that therewere too many men.Enterprising Alaskan Village.Notaries:, a native village near Nome,'Alaska, 'is said to be the only Eskimo .village in northern Alaska possessing electric lights and a wireless plantThe light plant and wireless stationwere installed by Delbert Beplogle,teacher at the Noorvick governmentschool. Mr. Replogle, who 'was InNome recently on his way to theStates salt he left natives in chargeof 'the improvemeata.'fXA3&?l7?t-iDMSS V2AKENING?Kidney trouble? don't disappear ofthemselves. They grow slowly butsteadily, undermining' health withdeadly certainty, until you fall a victim to incurable disease.Stop your troubles while there is time.Don't wait until little pains become bigaches. Don't trifle with disease. Toavoid tuture suffering begin treatmentwith GOLD MEDAL. Haarlem Oil Capsules now. Take three or four eveTyday until you are entirely free frompam.This well-known preparation has been. one of the national remedies of Holland for centuries. In 1696 the government of the Netherlands granted aspecial charter authorizing its preparation and sale.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 . West Fifh StreetAlivVfS' . -6r'MmemxJJTJglriThe Bourbon Laundrjr jParis,New DirectoryHome Telephone Co.Our new directory will go to press within the nearfuture, and if you are thinking of having a telephone installed we would be glad to figure with you. We are permitted by the Government to make new installationswhere service is needed for essential purposes, and provided we have . facilities and the "Service ConnectionCharge" is paid by the subscriber. This charge is -veryreasonable compared with that of piping your, house forwater or gas, or wiring it for electric lights, and imposedby the Government as a war measure only.Paris Home Telephone & Telgraph Co.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerProfessional Cards.WMU GRANNANAttorney-at-La.wBOOHS 401-402MBST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and ThroatBOOMS 403-404HBST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136(nov8-4t-F)BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERY" FruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoaULamb, Veal, Porkr BrainsWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 37Gand AvoidsSsTiMi!2iLOOK OUT!The housewife of Holland would almost as soon be without food afc witkout her "Real Dutch Drops," asquaintly calls GOLT) MEDAE HaarlajOil Capsules. They restore strengthand are responsible in a great tnearfor the sturdy, robust health of thHollanders.Do not delay. Go to your druggist asd.insist on his supplying you with GOLtDMEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. Takthem as directed, and if you are Rotsatisfied with results your druggist willgladly refund your money. Look forthe name GOLD MEDAL on ,the boxand accept no other. In sealed boxes,three sizes.1IIlfStIKIIISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all thQ latest improve-merits in laundry appliances. and expert helpers we arei prepared to do work infe-nor to none, and solicitK3 vnnr natrnnnorpJ JV . -vxv-.h.KentuckyIW. H. CANNOtf .Local ManagerEfficientTrainingIs what you get if you take tha Tugazzi Way. The demand for omrgraduates is much greater tham wcan supply. We court a thorough lm--vestigation.Send for Booklet "The FugaixaWay Leads to the Highest Poaitiona"and you'll he convinced that this 1the best school for you to attend.Miss Fugazzi is in her oflice each dayfrom 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m. tomeet prospective students. Enrollnow and be ready to start when th"flu" ban is raised.Fugazzi School offBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, - Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Ast. Principal.118, N. Upper St.. Seoomi Iktr.Lexinetoa. Iy.JMM MITE ft CLfMiaVH.WW,Y.fttffaltfritoapaMr rnrrorunOMtttJM(till-jan24-F)CAHAL BROS.BAXBETSHOPProapt tad Cotrfaotts Attemtitm tHOT'!!!) QttD BATHSpJHUKHB''lymhVmii "1 (5 V'i Jjwv-V itf:flMnliPAGf EIGHTt":MEB0URBON" NEWS.PABIS,KENTUCKYPRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1918.h., C!l.'ll,;";, ., MILLKRSBURG- o'o.o'o.o ooIN fH SERVICEV'l OF THEIR COUNTRY. J-M, .A. ,X Tiiaskstoh. Is improven-inrS. C. Carpenter is m'Tentiessee". DurcliaSins Jersey coWs'.,t Mfss ipurnice Borner entertaineda .njumDei; 01 ner young lauy uieuusla?t,iriiursday With a birthday dln-jTTpr.vJ, D., Calhoun reported' fourteen, ..ne.w paes of Spanish influenza'T,day. Mp$t of thep are in the'country, . .'.t-tA large nqmber of our 'farmers"hvB taken advantage of the ' goodweaker, during the past week to"bu'ojier their hogs.Misses Aelta Wilson and McLonaButler .will arrive next' week fromtji'e, Mary Baldwin College at StauntqnrlV,or the Christmas holidays.'mT Embroidery Floss in all shades.Crpphet .tliread in all colors and sizes.1AlC kinds of stamped goods forChristmas. Call on.f3-2t) MRS. JAS. B. CRAY.Millersburg made the following.donations to the Massie MemorialHospital, Tuesday:' 21 glasses ofjeHy 13 quarts of preserves, 23quarts of canned fruit, rice, meal,leiftos, oranges, dressed chicken,hi;e$kfast food and tapioca. 'tm T5s fc(HEAP. BUT HOWGOOD.(ContinUed,'from Page 1)WEST BADEff TO BE MADE-IDEALRECREATIVE. HOSPITAL.tfGffi, HOWCheap nuts' are tiigh. See ourWalnuts, Brazils and Almonds., (X) CHAS. P. COOK & COSANTA CLAUS GOODS.Doll Furniture, Toys, Bedroom Furniture, Dolls, DiningRoom. Furniture, Waiters,Deiksj etc., at reasonableprices. Everything to pleasethe children. See our window display.E.M. WHEELER & CO.x. Kl Robneel Building.sa ?a isi, DEATHS.DENNISON.' The funeral of Mrs. C. E. Den2iLh, who died at the Massie MemoriJl Hospital- in this city, after aorief", illness, was held Tuesday afternoon, at four o'clock, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith,pastbr of the Paris Baptist church.The pall-bearers were Jos. W.Davfs, M. J. Lavin, Chas. P. Cook,Logan Howard, Charles Green andGrover Baldwin..'Mrs. Dennison left her home atTulsa, 'Okla., several days ago for avisit to her niece, Mrs. R. C. Christ-' laiil While in Cincinnati she wastaken suddenly ill and was removedto a Cincinnati hospital. From thereshe was brought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city. Deathwas due to Bright's disease.She. is survived by her husband,Mr.': C. E. Dennison, who has beenvery ill at their home in Tulsa, byher mother, Mrs. J. A. Kohnitzka,and one daughter, Eleanor, agedeight years.a&BER EARLY AS SUPPLY ISLIMITED.his best to keep the noise of the exploding shells from his ears while hewas writing. x 'i Embrey Kimball, who is stationed jat" Ft. 'Benjamin Harrison as a member of the U. S. Army, spent severaldays here this week as a guest of hissister, Mrs Richard Butler, nearAusterlitz.Cadet -Ernest Darnaby has received an honorable discharge from the'service and returned to his home atClintonville. Young Darnaby hasbeen stationed at Austin, Texas,where he was in the Military Formation School of Aeronautics.Th'e Bourbon County Draft Boardhas received a copy of an officialnotice issued by Maj. Henry Rhodes,Chief of the Selective Service Department. The information contained in the order, which was issuedWednesday, was to the effect thatregistrants between the ages of eighteen and thirty-six failing to submittheir questionnaires to the local draftboards will be classed as deserters,and are liable to immediate inductioninto the service.. The following is an extract froma letter recently received by Mrs.John J. Sweeney, of Paris, from herson. Dr. John Sweeney, "who has beenin France for some time:"Am no longer -with the 341st Infantry. Was recently appointed Division Medical Gas Officer, in the86th Division. . This has to do withtreating all gassed soldiers that isI will have charge of all degassingunits of. the 86th Division. Very interesting work and it places me onthe Commanding General's staff."A German trench helmet, made ofthin pressed' steel, weighing fourpounds, marked by .many dents madeby Allied bullets presumably, was received through the Paris postofficea few days ago by Mrs. Emma L. Carter, of near Paris. The helmet wassent by her son, Thodore Carter,who is a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Forces lately engagedon the --battle front in France.Carter stated in a letter of explanation to his mother that the nameof the owner of the helmet could befound on the inside of the headgear,but that he could not give the present address of the man who oncewore it. The helmet came by parcelpost.,Paris relatives of Martin Glenn,v ell-known Bourbon horseman, whowent to France about four monthsago, as a member of the AmericanExpeditionary Force, have been apprised by telegram that he has beenreported as missing in action sinceOctober 20. The telegram reaa:"We deeply regret to inform jouthat Private Martin S. Glenn, 127Infantry, 3 2d Division, has beenmissing in action since October 20.Officially reported at Washington. D.C, Tuesday, December 3, by cable."Young Glenn is a brother of Geo.Glenn, of Camp Meade, Md., Johnand Joseph Glenn and Miss MaryGlenn, of Paris. He enlisted in theBourbon county draft and was sentto Camp Zachary Taylor, Tieing transferred to an Eastern port, from whereu coi'UH fnr "Rnerland on AUffUSt 4.Nestling among 'the hills of 'Indiana, and at one of the "show spots''of the" Hoosier." State, West -BadenSprings, wounded" soldiers from Kentucky, as 'well 'as from Indiana andI other "Middle West States,' will beI made over into at least a semblance oftheir former selves. There they willBOURBON HSCAL COUBTLeave your order with Bruce HoiIaday for a box of Miss Holladay slidipus candies. No Christmas g'ftwould be pnore highly appreciated,ami .you certainly could not buy better .candy any place in the world.Or'der early. The supply this year islimited,(i). BRUCE HOLLADAY.be taught how to care for themselvesand their wounds will be scientmcally healed with- all the skilltand carethat a grateful Government can bestow upon them. 1The writer recently had the privilege of visiting West Baden Springs,where the Government opened' up oneof the largest, and most beautiful recreative hospitals in Amerioa lastweek. This was formerly the famousWest Baden Springs Hotel, known allover the country as one of the showspots " of America. This beautifulhostelry has been converted as if bythe magic touch of a fairy wand intoa modern hospital, cbmplete in everyrespect in all its appointments, ithas been equipped with accommodation for about 1,400 patients. .At thetime the writer was there the newhospital had a list of wounded men,about three hundred in number, whohad been invalided home from battletorn France. Others are beingbrought there every week on specialtrains plying between that point andNewport News, Va., a disembarkation point. ' " KOn Sunday morning we witnessedthe detrainment of one hundred andforty-seven maimed and crippledboys who had been overseas and livedto tell the tale in the evidence oftheir suffering. They had been senthome for treatment. It was. a sadsight and tending to make one leelthe realization of what war reallymeans. Twenty of these boys werebeing handled on stretchers. Threearmy ambulances were being Used forthe purpose of bringing thehi fromthe train to the hospital. We talkedto a number of these men, and in thecourse of the conversation 'gleanedmany new and very interesting facts,incidents telling of the terrible erfects of the war, and descriptions ofthe life in the army overseas. Onevoung fellow, named Raymond Bruffey, of Kansas City, only sixteenyears old, was an especially interesting talker. He had been wounded inthe shoulder by shrapnel at the battle of Verdun, and also had an uglywound in the right side inflicted bythe bayonet of a Boche, who he said,had gone away from here. A portionof the little finger of his right handhad been carried away by a bulletfrom a German revolver. He wascheerful and happy, and said hewould do it all over again if hiscountry needed his services. -Another man we saw at that placehad been shot through the right lung.The field surgeons a short time afterhe was brought in extracted the bullet from under the skin in his1 back.He carries the bullet in his -Tchakitrousers as a mute reminder of hisexperience, and congratulations thatit might have been woiseV 'Hisname is Wm. Gorham, and his-residence,Lexington, Ky. He is now athome on a furlough. Other remarkable cases that are being taken careof at this hospital are those of ayoung man who was shot betweenthe eyes, the bullet passing entirelythrough his head; another who waswounded in the heart, and on whomthe surgeons performed what -is saidto have been one of the most wonderful and delicate operations known tomp.rilnn.1 science, closing theAvound,' The December term of the Bourbon Fiscal Court was 'a shorCandsweet one, owing to the influenzaban and very little business comingup . for transaction. The Court metyesterday, with County Judge George,LBatterton presiding, and the following Justices, present: Fretwell,Thomason, 'Bufris, Talbott, Stephenson and Turner.,A large number ofclaims againstthe county were ; allowed and orderedpaid. The report of the County RoadEngineer for the month of Novemberwas read, received and accepted. Dr.Lafayette Hart was elected pauperphysician for t,he Clintonville precinct. The order admitting CharlesMiller to the County Infirmary wasrescinded. There appearing no further business the Court adjourned.RECENT ORDER OF STATE BOABBOF HEALTH.HMMIlliJUm..HfHHMtMMHMIMtllHIIIIHHParis, Ky., Dec. 5, 1918.By an order given under the handand seal of the State Board of Health,dated at Bowling Green, Nov. 16,1918, it is made mandatory that allcases of influenza, or other communicable diseases be isolated for a period of ten days after recovery. Thisorder is perfectly explicit and shouldbe obeyed in letter and, not in spirit.The City Board has cognizance ofsome who are not conforming in anymanner to the State Board's order.The quickest, surest and (most reasonable way of control of 'this or anyother epidemic is to obey the law'You are now in poss'ession of aknowledge of the law. ' .' This .notice should make clear andleave no room whatever .for doubt asto future procedure in .case of communicable diseases.".The medical fraternity" will bekind enough to report to the Secretary of the Board the number of caseson hand for preceding' twenty-fourhours, complications and deaths, ifany, in the city. -A. H. KELLER,(dec6-tf) City Health Officer.1E& PB T5lUSEFUL AND OBNAMEKTALFurniture, rugs, vacuum sweepers, electroliers all make usefuland ornamental Christmas presents.We have them,(tf) THE J. T. HINTON CO.te Pa feIF YOU ABE OUT SHOPPING ATIP TO BEMEMBEB.The X TV Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreets .Day phone 36Nlsrht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.. Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourThe A. J. Winters Co. yourheadquarters for holiday gifts,(x) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.P3 S3 "BQGET THE BEST GLASSES,The shortage of sugar has not effected the sweet disposition of thesewho wear Dr. Wm. Riley Franklin'sglasses.Ra P, IdB-4FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsJ...:;SIMttlHtWiHWflfHtltlKMHHmnilHHON. JNO. D. CABHOL TO BE CANBIBATE FOR GOVERNORHon. John D. Carroll, of Newcastle, writes THE NEWS that earlynext year he will announce his candidacy for the office of Governor ofKentucky, subject to the action ofthe Democratic party. In his letterJudge Carrol states:"When I make my public announcement I will endeavor to setforth in a plain and candid way myviews on public questions of interestto the people of the State, and Itrust this statepnent will meet withtheir approval."Judge Carroll is well-known to thepeople of Bourbon county as an able 'jurist and an accomplished man. Hepresided as Special Judge at differentterms of the Bourbon Circuit Court,and has been a frequent visitor hereon professional business.PaBAND AT JGREAT LAKES TO BEMUSTERED OUT.The Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation Band, consisting of 1,700pieces, will be disbanded, on ordersfrom the Bureau of Navigation,, ithas been announced. The band under direction- of Lieut. John PhilipSousa, has appeared in whole or inpart in all parts of the country during the Liberty Loan camnaiens andto aid naval recruiting. Its disband- 4ment caused expressions of disappointment among officers at theGraet Lakes. Under the order a newband, of 150 pieces will replace theI present organization.fe Ss S3MORRIS CHAIRS.We are showing a big line of Morris Chairs. Make him comfortableby giving him one for Christmas,(tf) THE J. Ts HINTON CO.CUT ELOWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funerals, weddings, socialevents, the sick or any purpose whereflowers (may be used. Prompt atten-jtion given- all orders, whether largeor small.JO. VARDEN,(22-tf) Florist Agent.weeks after indicated that ne naabeen in battle. His last letter homeJri" v,as dated Sept. 29. In that he stat-tie-j. ... -i. i.j ., nnnt-iiArohio urea uiai ne uau seen wuoim,u.v wtive service. He was a member ofCo. K., 127th infantry, 32d Divisionof the American Expeditionary Force.His relatives here are anxiouslyawaiting further news from Washington. S 155 3TO, SEE OR NOT TO SEE.""''To be or hot to be" is 'usuaJlynot -as pressing a question as "See ornot to see." If to see, see Dr. Wan.Riley' Franklin." Amn''. MATRIMONIAL.';,' CHRISTOFF HOWARD.Miss Helen Christoff, of Cincinnati; and Mr. George H .Howard, ofBourbon county, were married inLexington, Wednesday afternoon.The groom is a young farmer of theRvdles Mills vicinity. His bride hasfdrsome time been a member of thenuiing staff at the New HarrisonHospital, in Cynthiana, resigning herposition there Monday.. !, , ' 'BELL DENTON.rlQne of the surprise weddings oftie present , season was that of ZMr.Jefferson Denton, a prominent factor in the Paris tobacco market, and'wftlf ,and favorably known thiough-'oust Central Kentucky, to Miss EvaBelli of Lexington, which took place. at.'the. Tyler Hotel, in Lotiisyiiie,yeryr recently. " ' 1 '''"" t'If r. Denton has been a resident of,tha county for many years and iwknown to all as a pleasant, agreeable, and reliable business man, onewho' has made a success of the tobacco business in which fhe has beenengaged as buyer for many years on'tbte and other markets. He is alirtfther of Mr. Granville Denton, oljIkb.tFordham Hotel. His bride 3s avery handsome and attractive youngwoman, who'has held the position ofbookkeeper for' the Lexington Creamery Company for a long tinte. Sheis a, sister of Maj. Ernest Bell, who,!. now in France with the 'American. Expeditionary Forces.After the ceremony, which wasperformed in the private parlors ofthe. Hotel Tyler, Mr. and Mrs. Den-ton. left for a brief wedding trip topoints of interest in the East. Onth$ir return, they will reside in Pariswfcerjatae -groom win Duy on inelocal' "markets l at the- opening thisaaofcth. . . -TOYS, TOYS.See our window dit play ofToys and all kind of ToyFurniture, DolU, Waiters,etc., for the children. Allreasonably priced.E.M. WHEELER & CO.x Robneel Building.TBI la iasBIRTHS.A..A..A.AAAAAAAAANear Shawhan, to the wife ofMr. It. L. Hayenscraft, a son, weight8V pounds. The young heir, theirfifth born, has been christened Clarence Lebus Ravenscraft.ca fa tsiPORD SEDAN STOLEN OWNEROFFERS $50 REWARDI had stolen from me a Ford Sedan,motor number -1381580, Kentuckylicense number 101182, Gray & Davisself-starter, dome light, green linoleum running boards, trimmed withbrass, Dixie Shock Absorbers. 'Aboutthe middle of the back of the driver'sseat was a snag about one or twoinches in the upholstering which hasbeen repaired carefully.Expert thieves change license tagsand parts. Car may be found without dopie light, with number chiseledoft engine or any other changes, butI believe the little snag in the backof the seat will not be noticed. .Reward of $50.00 to be paid toone returning car.C. D. RODMAN,13th floor St&rkes Building, .(3-tf) ' Louisville1, Ky.m m pCUT'HflWERS.Choice cut flowers in bunches ordesigns for funrelas, weddings, social events, the sick or any purposewhere flowers may be used. Promptattention given all -orders whetherlarge or small.JO. VARDEN,Letters received from hijm some J treating it. and enabling hini to beback at Wiest Badpn to recuperate,another who received a bullet in histhroat, piercing the windpipe, so thathe had to be supplied with a silvertube inserted in his neck. When thispoor fellow endeavored to talk hewould have to place a finger 'on theend of the tube and close it. Another American soldier whose backhad been broken in a trench, struggle with Gerpnan soldiers was so welltaken care of that he was enabled tostand the passage back to Amerga,but was so badly shaken up on therailroad trip to West Baden, wnenvery near his destination, that hedied Sunday. Other men we saw hadbeen shot through the. arms, shoulders and hips a number had beengassed and some had contracted tuberculosis. Most of the cases, however, were doing very nitfely undtheir attending surgeons say tlieywill eventually recover entirely.They were bright and cheerful, andhappy, but some of them a- littlehomesick. They were all very enthusiastic over the wonderful treatment accorded them by the RedCross and the Salvation Army, toeymaking especial mention of theseur-n-nn-hixz nf the relief workers overseas and in their own country. Ihe,majority of the wounded men received their wounds in the battles ofChateau-Thierry, Verdun and the Arragon Woods. Being transferred fromone place to another so rapidly tlieysaid many of them had not been ableto connect with the paymaster frmnfour months to a year.The hospital is being nitea up wtake care of 1,400 patients. It is theintention of the Government-to locateall the wounded boys there who haveresided within a radius of six hundred miles from the Springs, while atpresent the patients are from allparts of the United States. The boyswill be made whole again, as far asmodern medical science can accom-Ti,-chthat humanitarian purpose.Thirty-five officers are on diiy con-i.4-i, Pnl "RnvmondtBliSsj mlcommand and Maj. H. H. Bassett incharge of the remodeling work. Thieehundred nurses are on duty day andnight, and the number is to be inr.nDo ac TiAP.ftFssitv calls for them.THE NEWS goes into these deta"lsbecause of a desire to acquaint ourpeople .with what war really is, andin a desire to impress upon them thefurther, fact, jthat the United StatesGovernment is doing a wonderfulwork for those poor fellows who havegiven almost their lives for theircountry. -Those who have lived sofar away-fropi tha theatre of arwill-not beable to conceive., of itsterrors-untune '-have looked upon itsresults, as the writer hasi set forthabove.Holiday Shoes and(22-tf)Florist Agent.NOW READYFOR YOULargest and most completestock of Holiday Footwearever purchased.Work Shoesv Hi -TopRubbersDress ShoesLeather SlippersFelt SlippersNow is .time to buy yourHoliday Shoes. Every lmecomplete. Prices less than.' factory cost' Ladies' Havana Brown andDark Gray Boots, WALKOVER, at ,-Lowest Prices!Slippers- riiN1SsrA-fevSpecials For This Week$1.49Men's Romeos$2.00 values....Ladies Felt Arctics$1.50 values at99cThe Following are Bat a Few Items of the Many ExtraordinaryBargains Offered for Saturday Shoppers:$5.95Ladies' Dark Grey fcoots, Turns,custom made, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, calf tops, atLadies' Mahogany Tan EnglishBoots, cloth tops to match, at. ... .Ladies' Gun Metal English Bootswing tip, low heel, at--Ladies' Gun Metal, button,low heel, at$5.00$3.95$3.49$2.49Men's Dark Tan English WalkOver at 1Men's Tan English, Best Makes,atMen's Gun Metal Walk-Over.$5.00$4.50mens Lrun meiai waiKTUver, o flOEnglish .....;.$0.4yMen's and Boys' JE. J.-Beat-Wear- a f(ing Shoes, heavy flexible soles HKUl$3.49Boys'at.-Tan Home Guard. ShoesDANPans' .Greatest ShoeStoreCOHEN1iKit.' jWhere Beauty and Economy ReignjMm ' -Rmm mvww '.' wN It