few "- Jttt "?f- " ''iUjhiPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN , THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 7f 1918iTHEBOURBONHL A m- m mI1E.WDDEATH SUMMONSComes With Suddenness to B. A.Prank, Prominent ParisBusiness Man.The toll which the grim reaper,Death, has been exacting among theranks of prominent Paris men in thela-t few weeks, was added to at anearly hour Friday morning, whenthe summons came to Mr. B. A.Frank, of the firm of Frank & Co.31 r. Frank had been in his usualgod health up to a few hours before his death, and on Thursday, incompany with a number of Parisbusiness men, attended the Lexingtonraces. Returning the party dinedat Stout's cafe, and after a socialhour in conversation, Mr. Frank returned to his home, at the corner ofBroadway and High. About oneo'clock Mr. Frank was taken ill, anda physician who was hastily summoned, gave him relief. A fewhours later the physician was againsummoned by a member of the household, who had gone to Mr. Frank'sroom and found him in an unconscious condition, but before aidcJld be administered Mr. Frankhad expired.Mr. Frank was a native of thiscity, where he was born August 4,1870. He was a son of the late Mr.and Mrs. Louis Frank, who wereresidents of Paris for over sixtyyears. He received his early training in the public schools of Paris.At an early age be began his business career as a clerk in the drygoods store of his father, who wasone of the most successful of the older regime of Paris business men. Inthis capacity he developed businessqialities that stamped him as destined to become a worthy successora.-, head of the Arm, which he became at his father's death. Hisbrother, Mr. Robert Lee Frank, became a member of the firm at theame time.Mr. Frank was one of the mostloyal supporters of the Red Cross,the Liberty Loan and War SavingsStamp campaigns in the city andcounty, and was at all times in theforefront when the "drive" in anycf these campaigns was on. In therecent campaign conducted by theKnights of Columbus for the RedCross war fund, he was as energeticand untiring as lie had been in theothers. He was an active supporterof every movement that tended forthe good of Paris and its business interests, and was also interested inoil development of the fields in Estilland other counties. He gave liberallyto all patriotic and charitable enterprises, and in the business -worldwas known as an honorable, reliableand conservative man. Socially hewas one whom it was a pleasure tokiow. Besides the vanea Dusinessinterests in which he had a leadingpart, Mr. Frank was a stockholderand director in the Bourbon-Agri-cNatural Bank & Trust Co., and wasa prominent factor in fraternal circle?, being a member of several Masonic bodies, and always actively interested in the work and welfare especially of Couer de lion CommanderyNo 26, Knights Templar. As an instance of Mr. Frank's intense love ofcountry and devotion to principle, itmay be cited here without excitingadverse comment, that, owing to warconditions which created in nisbreast such an intense distaste of thename of Bismark, with which he hadbeen christened, that he secured anorder of court permitting him tochange his name to Burton Amende,the middle name being that of hismother's. He also gave up his entire show window space to advertisiig the Liberty Loan in both campaigns. He was a patriot at heartand a man whose life was a messaget-5 the young men of this community. , . .,Mr. Frank is survived by his wm-o-v,Mrs. Mabel Russell Frank,daughter of Mr. James Russell, ofthis city; one son, Mr. RussellFrank; four brothers, Ir. RobertFrank, Mr. Julian Frank, of Paris;"Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville; Dr.Ben Frank, of San Diego, Call.; andtwo sisters, Mrs. Milton C. Browning,of Cleveland, Ohio, and Mrs. John A.Fitzgerald, of Avon-by-the-Sea, NewJersevThe' funeral was held from thefamily residence at the corner ofHigh and Broadway, Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, ofwhich Mr. Frank had long been amember. The interment followed onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery,vvhere the commitment exercises atgrave were in charge of the Masonicbodies. The pall-bearers were Wm.H. Webb, Charles T. Kenney, Jos.Yv'. Davis. Samuel Clay, BucknerWoodford, James Daugherty, LeePrice, John T. CollinB, Harry O.James, Dr. Chas, . Daugherty, .o.L. Davis, J. B. Boardman.- N. ..Brent and Bennett. Thomas.. Thehonorary pall-bearers wre- membersof Couer de Lion Commandery,- K. i.,of this city. f : - " -....COURT OP APPEALS APPIRHSSTOUT'S DECISION.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort. Friday, "the Court affirmed tftedecision of Judge Rdbert L. Stout inthe Bourbon Circuit Court in the caseof John S. Jones against- the Depositand Peoples" Bankf of Paris. 'MrJones mortgaged several tractsr in t-ha. hanV to secure an indebtedness of ,860. The mortgageswere foreclosed andxne proper .Jones endeavored to have the salesetabide on the' ground ,that the propsrtj.houla,W brought jt better priceat the Master 'Commissioners sal -BRITISH ARMY VETERAN AD' DRESSES LARGE CROWB.A large audience gathered at theCOlirt hnnsp Vftstprrinv aftprnnnn tnto listen to an address delivered in amost characteristic manner by MajorGlenhale, a veteran of the presentworld-war, who was wounded severely in action in one of the battles inFrance, as a member of the Britisharmy.The speaking was preceded by aconcert by the Boys' Band from theOdd Fellows' Home, at Lexington,who came down in a special car overthe interurban, and marched downMain street. The band also furnished patriotic music following thespeaking. Maj. Glenhale was introduced to the audience by Rev. Wilkinson, of Lexington, whose addresseshere in the interest of the Red Crossand Liberty Loan campaigns will always remain notable. Maj. Glenhale spoke for about an hour and ahalf, in the interest of the Red Crosswhich he described as being thegreatest organization for good thatthe world has ever known. His address was a clean-cut one and washeard with every manifestation of approval by the big audience. MajorGlenhale made a picturesque appearance in his service uniform. He carries his arm in a sling, the result ofa Boche shell interfering with histerritory.' NOTED TURPMAN BEAB.Col. Milton Young, one of the mostnotable figures in the ranks of American turfmen, died at his home inLexington, Sunday, of uraemic poisoning. He was sixty-seven years old.His activities as a breeder and lateras a member of the State RacingCommission occupy noteworthy places in the history of the thoroughbredindustry, especially during the ownership of McGrathiana, one of thegreatest breeding establishments ofthe Bluegrass in its prime. The deathof Col. Young marks the passing ofa leader amng American turfmen.He- is survived by his widow, Mrs.Lucy Spaulding Young, and fourdaughters, Madam Spaulding Young,of Albany, New York; Madam AliceYoung, of Cincinnati, 0.; MadamMaria Young, of New Orleans, andMiss Lucie A. Young, of Lexington,and three sons, Milton, Young, Jr.,of Lexington; Lieui. Jack Young, ofCamp Taylor; and Thos. S. Young, ofSt Mary's College, St. Mary's Ky.Short services will be held at thehome, this (Tuesday) morning at10:30 o'clock, Rev. Father LibertDe Waganeare officiating. The interment will follow on the family lot inthe. iexington Cemetery. .Thepallbearerg will be : Active, Will Wallace, L. M. Moore, J. Will Moore,John W. Hendricks, John B. Gorman,HenrvLlovd. Honorary: Col. E. F.Clay,, Catesby Woodford, Claude M.Thomas, T. Hart Talbott, ot Jfaris,Eugene Rupker, W. R. Campbell, Jno.B. King, Dr. F. H. Clarke, Dr. Jos.Bryan, Matt S. Walton, Garrett D.Wilson and H. L. Ramsey.KENTUCKY -TO HAVECATTLE SALE.ANGUSKentucky has started out to winback her fanner supremacy in beefcattle breeding with AberdeenAngus, and the first annual sale ofthe Kentucky Aberdeen-AngusBreeders' Association will be be heldat the Bourbon Stock Yards, Louisville, on May 9, when 49 head willbe sold at auction. Among the Kentucky consignors are C. R. Harmon,Lebanon; Hedges Bros., Taylorville;John B. May, Pennick; G. A. Parkhurst, Smithfield, and Adam Waschick, Franklin. Two Tennesseebreeders, J. A. Capel, Ripley, andW. R. Miller, Jr., Brownsville, arecontributing some. An Illinois breeder, Mr. Stanley R. Pierce, Creston,breeder of the great InternationalGrand' Champion Advance, which soldfor the world's record price of $1.50n nound. is sending some of his best."With Aberdeen-Angus steers winning the grand championship overall breeds at the Chicago International, it is fitting that Kentuckyshould be making such advanceswith this breed," said C. E. Marvin,of Paynes Depot, who is one of themembers of the sale committee. "AtChicago, where the world's biggestcattle show is annually held, Aberdeen-Angushave won the followingchampionships over all breeds: 15out of 16 for fat carcass of steer;13 out of 16 for fat carload; 11 outof 14 for steer herd, and 10 out of16 for single steer. Besides, at therecent show, the grand championload of steers sold for the world'srecord price of $42.50 a hundredweight, $24.50 above the best Shorthorn load.' 'WILKERSON WILLTR0BATEB"' The will of the late Dr. W. C. Wilvrvn whr died i at. his home on.Houston' avenue, im this; city, severalweeks ago, was. admitted to probatein 'the County- Court .-before .JudgeBapterton. Jis em.n;ecw,w:, "-included a farm in. this county, isdemised to his widow. At heT 4eattt itjs to. revert-to his only son; Mr. EarlWilkerson, of J-iexington. . , - - -iBOGS BEING POBONEBMa.ny "valuable dogs are. being poissoned in Central Kentucky-towns andthe dog owners are greatly puzzledover'lt. ' If the killing .was confinedr,r nf the- "sheeD-killing" kind.it would not be s6 dimcufi: to under-stand but some or tne aniuiais veie,fine hunting dogs, which were notpermitted 'to, run jaround loose. Several haveT; met therrfat in- thlswayin -Paris; : j-, '$ 'THIRD LIBERTY LOAN A BRIL-LIANT SUCCESS. JWith a closing Saturday of the 'Third Liberty Loan the Kentucky Icounties of the Fourth Federal Re -serve have answered the three ap-peais or tne liovernment for funds .wiHi a tntal of naartv 49 0 fl( ((l IChairman J. Will Stoll. of Lexineto-n.announces that instead of the ?10,000,000 asked for in the Third Liberty Loan the sum of $12,000,000has been received.That Kentucky has answered thecall most nobly is the general agreement. Most of the territory is without direct communication, and ittakes several days to get communication from any of them.One city which has a bankand which took a very activepart in the campaign can only bereached by riding horseback over arough trail, yet this county oversubscribed its quota. This Liberty Loandistrict does not comprise all Kentucky, exclusive of Louisville, as hasbeen the belief. It extends from theBig Sandy Valley on the east to theCincinnati Southern Railway on thewest, and from the Ohio river on thenorth to the Tennessee State line onthe south. -The report from the counties closeto Bourbon gives the followingamounts: Bourbon, $556,000; Bath,$125,850; Clark, $390,000; Fayette, $1,729,950; Harrison, $408,100; Montgomery, $250,200; Nicholas, $150,800; Scott, $579,850;Woodiord, $375,700.THE BEST IN THE LONG RUN.Made on the premises under ourdirect supervision, of choicest materials. Economical in the long run.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.VIOLATORS OP PISH LAWS GETIN TROUBLE.County Game Warden DouglasThomas, Sr., arrested four colored,men Saturday on a charge of violating the came and fish laws. Mr.Thomas came upon the men unexpectedly ana found them catching fishwith their hands on a riffle on a farmnear Paris. They were brought toParis and placed in jail. It is a violation" of the law to catch fish evenwith the hands, on riffles while theyare spawning in the spring season,although this is not yet generallyknown.Snecial Denutv Game Warden BushBishop, of Paris, assisted by GameWardens Sam Bullock, of Shelbyville,and A. C. Scott, of Eminence, caughtfour men in the act of "gigging" for L Under the provisions of the newfich nn ffio SmtfTi T?nrir -nf RiirhriVw!.hrfMninE- law no seining or -net fishingfish on the South Fork -of Elkhorivin Franklin county, Saturday. Theyhad about eighty fish, weighingabout a pound each. The men, whogave their names as Albert Alexander, of Lexington, Joe Gaines, ofStamping Ground, J. T. Jordan andHanley Jordan, of Woodlake, werearrested and taken to Frankfort,where they will be given a hearingto-day.WE KNOW HWMOTHERS!Buy Your Boy's Suit FromMitchell & Blakemore's StoreIII-v .MITCHELL &j 'STETSON HATSNETTLETON SHOESV-IL,.NEXT SUNDAY, MAY 12. TO BE'"MOTHER'S BAY."Mother's Day, the day set apartby Congress as one on which homageis to be paid to mothers living andmothers dead are to be commemorat-ea, tne second Sunday in May, fallsfhic tranr. ,, tt,, tothis vear cvn Ms? v 1 9.When Miss Anna Jarvis, who, in1908, founded in Philadelphia an organization now known as the Mothers Day International Association, itwas not even remotelv antinlnateriI that the object of the associationwould receive the endorsement of thegovernment as founded in the publicresolution of the 63rd Congress, approved by the President of the UnitedStates on May 8, 1914, designatingmat tne second Sunday in May thereafter should generally be known as''Mother's Day," and directing that itShould be the duty of the Presidentto request its observance by issuine:a proclamation calling upon the government olhcials to display tne United States flag on all governmentbuildings, and the people to displaythe flag at their homes or other suitable places on this day, "as a publicexpression or our love and reverencefor the mothers of our country."Governors of States and Mayors ofcities also proclaim the day, andnow it is very generally observed."This year the day particularly appeals to us," says the official statement, "for thousands upon thousandsof mothers have given sons to swellthe ranks of those who are fighting inFrance in the cause of civilizationand for the honor of home and coun-!try therefore, those of us whose family circles have not yet been calledupon to supply a son for the cause, inpaying homage to our living mothersshould feel that we are honoringmotherhood the true motherhoodthat makes for pure home lives, goodcitizenship, and good government."Ha ?a laNEW WELL COMING IN.A telegram was received here yesterday morning by local representatives of the Columbia Oil & Gas Co.,to the effect that one of their wellsnow in process of drilling in the Leecounty field, was down twelvefeet in the oil sands, when aflow of oil was struck which rose 125feet in the well.This, according to the experts, indicated that the well, when fullydrilled in, would be a one-hundredbarrel producer.(SEINING AND NET PISHING AREBANNEB BURING MAY.fining law no seining or -net fishingof any kind may be done during themonth of May.Game Warden J. Quincy Wardsays that he wishes the public tobear in mind the provisions of thelaw, which is now effective. Nothingin the act, however, should be construed to prevent dealers or manufacturers from having seines or netsin possession for the purpose of sale.Every suit sold by us youwill find are well-made, goodfitting garments and dependable cloth. In buying our boysclothing stock we have usedgood judgment in selectingpatterns and styles that thelittle fellows will like. Manyfancy patterns in greens, tans,greys and blues, coats mademilitary sty'e and beltedbacks, semi-Norfolk styleswith slash pockets and patchpockets, trousers all made withreinforced seats and knees,seams all well sewed and reinforced with tape in order toprevent them from rippingand tearing but.Everything for boys youwill find1 at our store.Boys Stiits From. ,$7.50 ti $15.00BLAKEMORESTEIN-BLOCH CLOTHESMANHATTAN SHIRTSIN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.iMrs. A. S. Trimble, of North Middletown, has received word that herbrother, Mr. Seth Botts, had arrivedpafely in France. It is thought thatMr. Walter Lowe.pf North Middletown, is also in France.mMr. John Estes, of near Paris, whois in the radio service at Camp Perry,after a visit to friends and relativesin this city and county, has gone toHarvard College to take a course inwireless telegraphy.Horace Miller Clay, son of Mr. andMrs. Fra-nk P. Clay, formerly ofBourbon county, has been appointedto a position in the service as timeinspector at a big munition plant atPortsmouth, Va., overlooking Hampton Roads.Sergt. Newsum Keller has returnedto Camp Shelby, at Hattiesburg,Miss., after a visit to his parents, Dr.and Mrs. A. H. Keller, in this city.Sergt. Keller is in Co. B., 113thBattalion, U. S. Signal Corps, at theCamp.Prof. M. Clarke White, a formermember of the Paris High School faculty, is visiting friends in this cityfor a few days before leaving forCamp Gordon, at Atlanta, Georgia,where he will join the 331st FieldArtillery.Lieut. Raymer Jones, who has beenvisiting his father, Mr. Wm. Jones,at North Middletown, has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor. He is nowa Second Lieutenant in the service,having recently received his commission as such.R. Davis Hutchcraft, of Paris, whois now visiting his mother, Mrs. J.Perry Hutchcraft, in this city, hasbeen notified that he is one of threeKentuckians who have qualified forcommissions at the Third Onlcers'Training Camp at Camp Jackson,South Carolina. He is eligible forappointment as Second Lieutenant.Mr. John Moran, of Camp penaryTaylor, has returned to the cmpafter a visit to relatives in this 'cityand county. Moran is a member ofthe Dr. Barrow Base Hospital UnitNo. 40. Douglas Clay, .of Paris, whois a member of the same organization, is sucering from the effects ofan injury to- one of his fingers. ..Recruiting Officer Sharp, of the U.S. army, who is stationed at theWindsor Hotel, in this city, reportsthe enlistment of four colored boys,James O Bedford, Vernon Hall,Field A. Whaley and William Hall.They were sent to Ft. Thomas, Friday, were they will be assigned tothe infantry service.v p "f"Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Sledd, Mr. andMrs. Wm. Redmon and little son,Wm. Redmon, Jr., and Mr. FrankSledd were visitors recently at CampZachary Taylor. They were guestsof Mr. Herbert Sledd, of North Middletown, who is a son of Mr. andMrs. B. F. Sledd. He is a memberof the Dr. Barrow Hospital Unit.i- ,Mr. C. Landon Templin, son of Mr.a-nd Mrs. T. T. Templin, of Paris,and Mr. J. Stuart Wallitfgford, sonof Dr. J. S. Wallingford, of this city,enlisted in the navy service Fridayat the Lexington recruiting station.Wallingford and Templin were seniors in the College of Electrical andMechanical Engineering at StateUniversity.Mr. Hershel Humble, of Somerset,who married Miss Sarah Thompson,of this city, has been transferredfrom the service at Ft. Thomas, toCamp Forrest, near Atlanta, Ga.,where he will be in the forestry service. Mr. Humble is an expert lumberman. During his absence Mrs.Humble will be at the home of herparents Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson,on Duncan avenue.Chas. Hallam Mahorney, son ofMr. and Mrs. F. Mahorney, of nearParis, received notice Saturday toreport for duty at the Great LakesNaval Training Station, near Chicago. Young Mahorney will -leavefor Great Lakes to-day. He was accepted as a volunteer at the Louisville recruiting office. .He is a finespecimen of physical manhood, beingnineteen years old, standing sixfeet, two inches fn his stocking feet,and weighing 176 pounds.Prof. L. H. Barnes, of Mt. Sterling,formerly a member of the faculty 'ofthe 'North MiddTetown Business andClassical College, was in the Bour-fio. d.$ft to go with the boys to Ft.Thoniaie last Wednesday, but was exdjfseaythExemption Board in order that "hVx '-might continue "hisschool duties' at Mt.- Sterling. Mr.Lee Grimes, also of Mt. Sterling;' aformer resident of "Bourbon county,was placed in another class . forfuture draft.-vThe boys from Bourbon who wentto Camp. Zachary Taylor in "the last,increment of the draft call from thecounty 'have forgotten any. sorenessthey may .have left. A. ip.ung ladyof this city received a post cardfrom one of them, saying they wereall reeling good, were being welltreated, and liked the place fine. t Onthe reverse side of ttieC card was apicture of a ,'Sammie"'with a broadgrin on-his face, and" the inscripAGED CITIZEN BADLY INJUREDBY FALL.While leaning out a dormer window in the rear of his home in theFicklin building yesterday morningabout eight o'clock, Mr. Wm. L.Ficklin, one of the oldest residents'of the city, lost his balance, and wasprecipitated to the ground below, adistance of about thirtv feet. "FTasustained a broken collar bone, both,.arms were broken, and it is fearedthat he has received severe internalinjuries.He was removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital in the automobile ofDrs. Gilkey and Wallingford, whowere summoned to attend the agedman. A superficial examination revealed the apparent extent of the injuries Mr. Ficklin had sustained.His physicians had not determinedlast night as to the possibility of internal injuries, but stated that hewas in a very dangerous condition.Owing to his advanced age, eightyfive, and his enfeebled physical condition, they are fearful of the effectof his injuries.?3 INOTICE TO TOE. D'RAT.T'.PR AimMANUFACTURERS IN KENTUCKYThe manufacture and distributionof ice comes under the United.StatesFood Administration and the ControlAct of August 10, 1917.The Food Administration is concerned witH the price charged for icein the various communities and requires each company dealing in ormanufacturing ice to file with theAdministration any proposed schedule of increased prices over theprices in effect last summer beforesuch increases are put into effect.Only such increases as are justified by increased costs will be permitted and in addition only such adjustment as between the differentclasses of consumers as the situationmay require.The Food Administration hassought the co-operation of the Mayors of Kentucky cities to investigateany proposed increases in price anddetermine the justification in eachinstance, and. has notified them thatif satisfactory scales of prices cannotbe obtained from the dealers theFood Administrator will apply thenecessary corrective measures.A PATRIOTIC FAMILY.Mr. and Mrs. Noah Gray and theirfour sons, Milton, Martin, Walterand Wallace Gray, of near Paris,constitute one of the most patrioticfamilies in the county. Although inonly moderate circumstances, thefather and mother, und each of theboys have gone the limit of ' subscriptions, $1,000, in the purchaseof War Savings Stamps.The committee in charge of theWar Stamps sale in this county ispushing the work, and report to datea total of eighty-four men and womenin the city and county who 'havegone to the limit in the purchase ofstamps. A total of $154,564.25 hasso far been raised in the county. Thegoal set is $340,000.tion: "You sent me away with asmile, and I'm wearing that smile. ,yet.""-Mr. Hirairi RoBbrry has returnedto Camp Zachary Taylor after a visitto his father, Mr. John Roseberryvand family, near this city. Mr.Roseberry is a member of the 159thinfantry Depot Brigade at the CampLieut. Clay Ward, sdn of Mr. andMrs. J. Miller Ward, of this city, hassailed from New" York for sonleFrench port. Lieut. Ward had beenstationed for several months at Ft.Oglethrope, Ga.Recruiting Officer Sharp yesterdaysent the following colored recruitsto Ft. Thomas: George D. Liter,Sherman J. Crockett and John W.Botts. 'They will be assigned to theQ. M. C. department as stevedores,and later sent to Newport News, YaJ. T. (Teddy) Templin, of Paris,arrived here yesterday on a furloughfor a short visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. T. T. Templin, and family."Teddy" looked every inch a sailorin his natty uniform. He is stationed in the service at the trainingcamp at Newport, Rhode Island.Mr. Jos. William Snapp, who wentto Camp Zachary Taylor last week:with the second increment of mendrafted from this county, returnedSaturday, having been dischargedfrom the services on account otphysical disabilities.Mrs. Jack Owsley received a message Monday from Miss Edna Huff-1man, of Covington, stating that hr-brother, Vance. Huffman, waat greatly improved; "'and had written er a :letter in which, he stated he would 9?able to come home In about twoweeks from Camp Sheridan, on a fur-lough. ."Sr' Mr.andMrs. H.tC. Curtis, of thiscity, received, lettVr yesterday, fromtheir ho.,TSj1 Curti. 'who 1s in 1Teaa regiment at Camp Bowie, ear.Ft. worth. J4fr wrote, in, parti "jm tfh future vnn -will Jrindlv tell all mT.f rienda and your neighbors that youroldest son is now. tne itegimeniOWS5ftUU-Ujl "L UUC o.v -.-.try, .which is tne highest ran anoa 'commissioned oxneer can ioia in j ,branch of the United Statee arx'-service. I .heard the opter iayvii-nrifflrl.llv nf course, that the Biade is soon to. be moved" back idtbt "border.- JU-wouldn't be a,bit ttTfctar "ed, 'as I don't think the dirieioa mmever- g to jrraBac. , .aj- ,i- "----t4TIlxTi; TWOTHE BOURBON NEW!)'kttfrlisliea 188136 Years of Continuous Publicationiblishcd Every Tuesday and "FrMnvl?er Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.WIPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thefcccter. standing or reputation ot-mmr person, firm or corporation whichy appear In the columns of THEOURBON NEWS will be gladly corcted1 if 'brought, to attention of thejtttor.ADVERTISING RATESisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertSftck for first time; 50 cents per inch-ach. subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-cb. issue; Teading notices in blackrpa,20 -cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl--Ktes;obituaries and resolutions, andJBiflar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertiseets andi yearly contracts.The' right of publisher is reservedv decline any advertisement or other"-matter for publication.Announcements for political offices''wst Invariably be accompanied by"?fee cash.- - -This paper has enlistedfrnSx the government in thec&use-of America for theperiod of the war - - --EDITORIAL MUSINGS.T3Si2 Girl Graduate and Her Career.It would be interesting to know,-when one attends the Commence-mat exercises of a college for women"3w anany of these fair and gifted-3L B.'s propose to settle down at"Sterna .and lead the simple life. Inmany cases, their future is amply"aproviaed for. The family feel theysaead. the daughter's presence. Yet?3BOSt of the girls seem to think someactive and bread winning career is'Ssevitable.The next thing often seems ananil-climax. After studying the lit--aarature, philosophy and art of the3g"es, the learned graduate may sete -&own to Ihe routine employmentE operating a typewriter. It is uses&il work. It may be quite as remunerative as the overcrowded profession of school teaching. But fouryears of classic literature scarcely&ems necessary in preparation there -"2fcr.,The modern educated girl doesw)t seem happy to settle down at"Some, particularly if she comes from--3R small town or country village-where society is simply organizedKnd -highly educated people not nu"erous. Thereby the atmosphere ofotfth and brightness is frequentlyxeptoved from the home of the old231x3.But It is a normal enough in--Eiiictthat women should take their"gpiace in the working and producing"5rtd. Idling around home, tryingr 4s fill up the days with little touches- art and music added to the familyms no life work to a great manyunl)itious young women.The feeling is sometimes expressed,I-'- wnen educated girls go to work, thati Iflkey take employment away fromiaoen, so that nothing is added to' therw0fid's work. Yet no man worth. aathing loses by competition. If he' "a58s his" job as salesman or "books 43per, let him quit trying to earn' JI living at clean-hand jobs, and"KG out and dig in the fields. If he- .ts his brains as well as his mus-3a into it, one more efficient food- -producer is added to- the world, as" Cke result of the woman's entering" ' IJfcrosiness' life.The Origin of Sports.To the ordinary observer, thecRght of a jolly crowd of -people atj ball game is a pleasant -one. TheKaties- of humorous .or enthusiasticcaaxihers, the yells of the crowd andv 13u$ air "of a general romp makes'tfca worldrseem like a very jolly-pUunj. "Scenes Iike thase seem a-wUolesB.e' off est 'Mo, the toilsomeandes dfAHfeA Many a workingman'sj week laSrightened.r f ft j, -r, . .. jayt mere are , spnrc' -persons ionom :ljs -philosopher ..does not ap-r "yeal. Many Sociaiists'afgue that "all-ffcis 'absorption in -sports is worse'-Attain time waated.x It is a wickedr feice'fcftapit&4, todivert the work-ilag-'P&lite from' interest Hn and at-xatlo;$tt their wrongs?"Accriiag to' "their' .theory,' popularkpocts. erev aevisedii medieval oracieni i&kws as a' device to quell-ytpulavrUMirders. .The leaven ofamicrggy waS'-beginnimj? to work..Tie laiiBB'iind'emperorsrsaw that-fcr mwihaveJaji outlet lor'growing'"MtereitWeV devised 'popular fes-ctfLlsiUays nrd athletid competi-rry. vtkAnh would otherwise haveIs&me into rioting, revolution anddestruction of the established Order.Baseball and other1? sports, it m isargued, arerbut thepresent day perpetuatioriof this trick of the moneyedclasses to keep the wdrking peoplein order. vCould the ball games andother sports but be abolished, ourpeople would stay at home, meditateon their wrongs, and raise and overturn the classes .that enslave them.With this philosophy of gloom,the average man can have but littlesympathy. As a matter of fact, thecapitalist of to-day is not overfriendly to baseball. The office boysand the stenographers have too manygrandmothers' funerals during theseason. Also it is mighty hard to runthe plant after the hour when thewhen the game is called.Probably nothing makes a manmore normal, more better able tosee things in a common sense way,than to get out into the open air and"holler" and forget his troubles.Child Life In Vacation.For many weeks school childrenlong for their annual summer holiday. They dream of the days whenthey shall once more wander freefrom all restraints. Yet as a matterof fact, many of them spend theirtime hanging around arid askingtheir mothers what they shall dodo next.The lawless and irresponsible freedom of vacation is a detriment tomany children. They become petulant if asked to give an hour a dayto little tasks for the family convenience. Yet they are all able totake long jaunts and play incessantlyin the sun. Children that seem perfectly well and self controlled in theregular discipline of school term,often become irritable and nervous invacation, at a time when they aresupposed to be receiving benefitfrom out-door life and mental relaxation.It is the opinion of educators andsocial workers that the modern childhas too little to do. In modern townlife, there may be no task left forthem to perform. The custom ofregular work seems to have goneout of fashion. One child frets if required to mow the lawn or sweepthe walks while the other childrenare roaming the streets.A High School principal wasspeaking the other day of the badeffects of the loafing habit on theolder children. He left it so keenlythat he got the boys of his school toagree to pay a fine of five cents eachtime they were seen loafing aroundstreet corners by a teacher. Theassessment was paid to the athletic-association of the school, so all feltgood natured about it. It practicallycured the street loafing by the boysof that school.The trouble with the idea wasthat it applied only on Saturdays andafter school during term time. During summer vacation, teachers scattered and the young folks could hangaround the streets to their heartscontent. But parents may well consider .the suggestion as a vacationpolicy. A little regular work forschool" pupils during vacation willoften save the younger children fromgetting over tired at strenuousplays, and will help prepare theolder ones for more serious responsibilities later on.Eead The 'News.We call attention this week to ouradvertising columns. It will pay youto give them careful perusal. Thismuch must be admitted in favor ofthe advertiser. He wants your business, he comes into the open to bidfor it, he puts his prices down inblack and white where you can seewhat they are, he gives you his nameand number and you will find him atthe door ready to welcome you. Thegenerous advertiser is invariably thegenerous fellow. He bubbles overwith enthusiasm and when you meethim you feel like you had come incontact with an invigorating breezeright from the sea.Eun 'Em In!It is up to our town officials tolook into the violation of ordinancestouching on automobiles more closelythen they have been accustomed.We believe that the vast majority ofautomobjle owners have some idea asto where the use of their machinesencroach the public, but there are afew who seem to think that the townsits up and takes pride in them andthe amount of noise they can make,the extent to which they can go inbreaking the speed ordinance, andthe utter disregard they have for 'therights of others.LABOR BOARD AVERTS PAPERJATLL STRIKES..The War. Labor Board has avertedthe strike of the pulp and paperworkers called ,.for., May 1, in theplant of the International PaperCompany, which manufactures 60ner cent, ot the. American .consumD-ftion, land started.'tOjwardcdncelationi j)-;..iiL' wwfwj 'jjr;t-commercial telegraphers .ana' NewYork harbor' freight handlersAn eight-haul" day and an Tincreased scaleof.iJay demanded by thepapeij 'workers,,were' taken under'consideratlon " by 'the Boafrd upon, anagreement between union, officials,and-employers that the Board's adjustment ,, would be made' beEqre July1, and that wage inc'reasesT rtifgranted, would date from' May 1. Inthe meantime the federal TradeCommission wilr-consider the' awardsin Axing prices for paper.H Mb -iThe nice thine about the dollarsyou put into liberty 'Bonds is that (they don't have to be trained tofight.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAgfe, KY,EXPECTS TO GOThanks Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment Eor Benefits ItBrought Him.Theodore Jackson, 1203 Hamiltonavenue, Louisville, Ky., suffered frommuscular rheumatism for more thana year and was in bed for four weeks,but since taking one package of Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment, he is upand around and expects to go backto Work again soon."The way I've improved while taking this one package of Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment is remarkable andI believe that one more package willrid me completely and permanentlyof my rheumatism," said Mr. Jackson. "All the folks in my neighborhood know how bad my rheumatismhas been. I've had it for more thana year and was down in bed for fourweeks. This Tanlac RheumatismTreatment has helped me wonderfully. "My aunt, Mrs. R. George, 3129West Chestnut street, Louisville, istaking Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment, too, and it is proving' just asremarkably beneficial in her case."I will be glad to tell anybodyabout Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment." If you suffer from rheumatism,get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmentto-day. Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment is helping hundreds and it willdo for you what it is doing forothers. You can get it atVARDEN & SON'S DRUG STORE.Give Tanlac a TrialTry Tanlac, the famous tonic, ifyou feel run down. You can getTlTll3.P 3.tVAUDEN & SON'S DRUG STORE.(advBl W m 'THE NECESSITY OF HATRED.The critic who says Americans,, iftaught to hate the Germans, wouldbecome what they are, offers ablanket insult to his countrymen.Neither hate nor a miracle couldeffect such a change. An apple maybecome absolutely rotten; but a rotten apple is not limburger by athousand milesr-The Germans have acted in such amanner as to deserve the everlasting hatred of every one who is fitto call himself ai man. Let them behated of every one who it fit to callhimself a man. Let them be hated,vnot for to-day and to-morrow, but forall time. Germans style themselvessuper-men, but euphemism leavesthe polecat what he is and ever willbe a living link.To teach hate of everything German is not only your privilege, it isyour duty. In this country -we buildsewers for such things as German"kultur." Anything that savors evenremotely, of "turn the other cheek,"business during this war or afterward, is as out of place as ."Rock ofAges" sung at a mass meeting inhell.Wihen this war shall have beenfought to a finish, and that finish acomplete victory for the Allieswhether it takes one year or twentythere will be some, of course, whowill purr, "Come back into the fold,Fritzie!" Yes; but it ought to be thefold of a boa constructor that wouldpress the bullying, lying, thieving,4raping German into the shapelesspulp he is trying to make of all whoprefer attar of roses to the reekingstench of pan-Germanism.This is no time for a bullet and aprayer. Give us an undying hatredbacked by two bullets and a manlyman.GOVERNMENT WANTS PHOTOSAND DRAWINGS.The Government wishes to securefor immediate use for intelligencepurposes, photographs, drawings anddescriptions, half-tone productionsand postals of bridges, buildings,towns and localities now occupiedby the German forces in France, Belgium and in Luxemburg, , and likewise in that portion of Germany lying west of a line running north andsouth through Hamburg. This material is to be used for military purposes. Before Germany began this warshe h'ad drawings of ewy part of theworld. Foundations, for her gunswere already laid in Belgium. Shedid this by means of buying tractsof land on which it was purportedthat factories would -be erected, butthese were used for the foundationsfor guns fOr the storming of the cities of Belgium. The rest of the world,rocked in the cradle of pacifism,never - dreamed that every inch ofterritory was being marked off byGermany for conquest. Therefore,no attempt was made to' keep theGermans from getting all the drawings ,and photographs they wanted.T-he' other nations of the world- in themeantime never thought" ab'out getting i information of a like natureabout 'Germany.The Allies' do not want to dropbombs on cities of Germany whicharenat defended or have no garrisonormunition factories. It is not theirdesire-to murder innocent womenand children as the Germans are now.doing by their long-range guns inParisl What the Allies want is intelligence of bridges, forts, depotsand the like which aid Germans incarrying on the -war.If 'Willard and 'Fulton must fightTvhy not stipulate thatr the pursemust be presented 5in the " form ofLiberty Bonds?BACK TO WORK-1bnffifeiN IbsriHoMfeThe days of the nale'clothingslackers" "are numbered accordingto Charles F. Wetzel, president ofthe National Association of Merchant Taliors of America, who hasent out an appeal to -the tailors ofthe country to eliminate all unnecessary embellishments on men'sclothing. The appeal, followed a visitby Mr. Wetzel to the CommercialEconomy Board of the Council of National 'Defense at Washington."The day for 'nifty' styles haspassed," said Mr. Wetzel, "and itbehooves every man in this countryAho wishes to help the Governmentin conservation measures, and atthe same time to be well dressed, tosee to it that only garments madealong lines of the utmost simplicityare worn. The keynote for all apparel is simplicity, and it is just thi3that the Washington officials are advocating." Among the eliminations from men'sclothing' recommended are: Beltson coats, cuffs on sleeves, patchpockets on sack coats, overcoats andvests; pocket flaps, double-breasteusack coats and vests; tumel loops ontrousers peg top trousers.For Sale.An oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)WARN I IN GDo not sell your second hand furniture before yo'u see me. Highestprices paid for furniture, stoves, carpets, refrigerators, etc.J. ELVOVE,(3-3t) Home Phone 360.LOST.Between the residence of Mrs.Belle Adair, on the Lexington pikeand Cohen's Shoe Store, a horseshoe-shapeddiamond pin, with goldscroll work on side of horseshoe. Reward for return to BOURBON NEWSoffice.Found.Automobile license tag No. 40047,found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)Lost Steer.From the Xalapa Farm a fat steer,weighing about 1,100 pounds. Reward for return or for informationleading to recovery.BEN F. BUCKNER, JR., Mgr.Cum. Phone 1057.IRONWe pay highest prices for iron,junk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.,Eighth St.. Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 371.(23-tf)FOR SALEAn oak folding bed a combination of bed, dresser and wardrobe;at a low figure if sold immediately.Home Phone 102. (26-tf)Dissolution Notice.Tlie firm of Fightmaster & Harphas been mutually dissolved, Mr.Harp retiring from the firm. Mr.Fightmaster will be responsible forall bills contracted for the firm inthe future. All persons indebted tothe firm will please call and settle.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,L. L. HARP.Health Board Notice.Ben Hawkins, ythe vault and cesspool cleaner, is now in Paris, and isready to take orders for such work.He says he cannot, remain" here-longer than June 10.The Board of Health urges the importance of having vaults, cesspoolsand privies put in good sanitary con-dition at the' earliest possible mo-iment. Call Cumberland Phone No.515 for Ben Hawkins.By order of' the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,(3-2t) ' City Health Officer.I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in theci nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any morotnan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair ofeyes.My work is, and always will be.fust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderjthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so, muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arein need of eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth PBones. 520 Main. St.--- 1.1f,..ifc:r..;g;.aE?;g;.:;.;H;.:;.;MxaiXa,... r - $- ' ;iIf You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly, installedlet us figure with you.9Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laurel Furnace.None better.iiKftWe are also exclusive agents for theVIKING CREAM -SEPARATORSCall and let us show them to you. 'LOWRY&MAY?Painting Time Is Here!Don't Let Your Property Decay For theWant, of Paint.It is a waste of good money to buy cheap paint.We sell the Sherwin-Williams Paint have sold ithere for forty years. We can fill all your wantsto be found in a high class paint establishment.We do your painting right.Wall Papeand Paper Hanging.C. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main StreetsMmWe Have 'Some Very FineMEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock islimited. -c. s. bAllCor.; Fourth andTUESDAY, MAY 7, 1I1S.oarmePleasant SU.iIIl1lvv 'a, VltiIfte.TUESDAY, MAY 7, ISIS..J V " r'.?3R rTff - - -TLI" i. l rr-sr-1 .AV JA'r-Iw35-i T M,1uhetPendletonShop133 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYW3 -?r )!3Ktt?wKa-A-iSOCIAL. AND PERSONAL. ICOIKEIArarasbfincr c, , nJ KENTTICKIAN- DEAD mPeoolc .HcreT There andI Elsewhere..1 Ml i " " " -yw y t jipgjy" ' ' yi't"-jt?yl,"l'5JWe Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSHATSTHEY GO TOGETHER.Perhaps it was accidental and perhaps it was intentional that the sumwhich the government asks shall heraised through War Savings andThrift Stamps should be exactly thesame sum which it is expected will bespent during the year on our shipbuilding program.But, accidental or intentional, it issignificant and appropriate. TheWar Savings campaign is not intended for children alone, but for children wage earners and folks of theso-called middle class. Upon itschildren and upon its folks in themiddle walk of life does any nationdepend for its existence. History hasproven that over and over again. "It is most appropriate, therefore,that the War Savings campaignfunds should be the same as thefunds needed to carry out the shipDunaing program. Jb'or upon ourCOUNCIL OF DEFENSE FAVORSSCHOOL DISTRICT ORGANIZATIONS.In a statement urging the creationof "Community councils" the Council of National Defense cites theseadvantages of the school district as aunit of community organization:The school district is small enoughI to permit individual contact, and isnon-political.The schoolhouse supplies a meetingplace in each district, and in manyschools includes domestic science,manual training and ottier facilities.The school district reaches childrenand parents alike, and in the citiesthe school is, to a large extent, already in touch with the alien poplation. The school is an established centerof information and education.The school principal or faculty provides i tripfl nfATiov fhrrmcrh wlinooship building program, everything i assistance community organizationelse as concerns America's part inthis war depends.Buy War Savings Stamps and release labor. Release labor, speed uptransportation, and speed up warmanufacturers. Buy War SavingsStamps and provide the money tobuild the ships, to carry the suppliesto back up the boys "over there."Ships are the keystone of America'svictory. War-Savers are the backbone of the nation. Ships and WarSavers are yoked tdgether."can be quickly effectedThe school district, with the schoolhouse as its center, is already asocial community, especially in farmdistricts.UNCEASING MISERYSomeParis Kidney Sufferers GetLittle Hest or Comfort,Jjidge Denis Dundojn has returned from a business trip to Knoxville,Tenn.Mrs. B. M. Renick has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Henrv L. Martin.:; in Midway.Mrs, George Batterton has concluded a pleasant visit to relativesin Pensacola, Okla.Mrs. R. S. Starks has returnedto her home in Midway, after a visitto relatives in this city.Rey. and, Mrs. W. P. Brown havereturned from an extended visit torelatives in Macon, Georgia.Miss Nancy Griffith has returnedfrom ,a visit to her sister, Mrs. Powell Bosworth, in Lexington.Misses Mary Smith and CarrieCurrent were week-end guests of Mrs.James Gregg, near Lexington. .Mrs. James Porter has returnedto her home in Louisville after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity.Mrs. H. M. Hamilton, of Mt. Airyavenue, is visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. L. D. Overmief, in Yorktown, Ind.Mrs. George M. Hamilton, ofTwo Rivers, Wis., is a 'guest of hermother, Mrs. John S. Sweeney, onHiggins avenue.Mrs. Lyda Conway will leave tomorrow for California to be at thesick bedside of her daughter-in-law,Mrs. Clarence Conway, who has beenseriously ill.. Mrs. W. J. Kennedy, of Carlisle,and Mrs. Harry Lewis James, ofMuir, who have been guesjts of MissJanie James, have returned to theirrespective homes.Mrs. W. A. Johnson, who hasbeen .spending the winter in Huntington, W. Va., with her daughter,Miss Frances Johnson, and other relatives, has returned to Paris.Mrs. Edward B. Hedges willmove this week from her presenthome on Stoner avenue to apartmentsin the McCLanahan home on Mainstreet, opposite the Catholic church.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Stuarthave returned from a visit to theirson, Mr. John M. Stuart, who is amember of the Vocational TrainingSchool of the U. S. army at Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Sturgeon"and family, who have been spendingthe winter in Paris, where Mr. Sturgeon was a buyer on the local tobacco markets, have returned to theirhome in Lake City, South Carolina.A number of personal friendswere guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Lawson recently at his home onPleasant street, the occasion beingthe celebration of his forty-eighthbirthday anniversary. A delicioussupper wjis served.Jk Uu Wr :3890JrMEMPHIS.Col. Keller Anderson fnrmm.lir .Cynthiana, died at his home in MenKJynis, renn., suddenly from heart dis-eease on April 24. Col. Anderson frasborn in. Cynthiana on September. 217'1842. He was a member 'of Capt.Joe Desha's company in the Confedv;erate Army.After the war he lived for a while,in Little Rock, Ark.; and removed toMemphis in 1871. During the Spanish-Americanwar he was Colonel ofthe 2nd Tennessee, and was stationedin. the Phillipine for two years. He"was a General of the State troops ofj-ennessee, and served conspiciouslyuuring tne coal troubles in thatstate.He was married to Miss Jean Rgd-ejtson, of Lagrange, Ark., on Febll!;1918. He is survived by his wife, adaughter, Jean Keller Anderson, and ;a son, Lieut. Claude B. Anderson,who is now stationed at Camp Jack-son, Columbia, South Carolina. A 'grandson, Claude B Anderson, Jr., isi,a cadet at West Point Military Acad-jemy.Col. Anderson, who is well remembered by our older citizens, was abrother of Mrs. Keller Thomas, of (Paris, and. an uncle of Mrs. Wm. GilTalbott, of near Paris.Col. Anderson was a daring andintrepid officer. In 1862, when the !war fever was at its height in Paris,'fAnderson, in spite of warnings, jclimbed the cupola of the old Bour- rbon county court house, and nailed a Jbright new Confederate flag to the jweather vane. Federal sympathizers Ifired several shots at him as he was jdescending, but the brave fellow wasunhurt and made his escape in safetyto the Confederate lines. The incident created intense excitement atthe time. The flag remained up twodays, when it was removed.WOMENIN THE WARCAMPAIGN.-SAVINGSForty-two States have made reportsin reference to the work of womenin connection with W. S. S. SomeState Directors report that the success of the campaign to date in theirStates has depended largely uponthe work of women. Others reportthat the women have respondedwhenever called upon, but that noeffort iip - been made to organize 'orsystems ze the work. Still other StateDire'" have failed aboslutely in,securini or even asking for the support of .he women.The National Committee feels thatnot onlv should the women of thevarious States be encouraged to take,part in the campaign through theirown clubs and organizations alreadyestablished, but that the work forthepi should be caiefuii., v-jtiined,putting them in charge of specialcommittees and definite and specificMrs. Brinch Meinertz, formerly Mines of work, adopted.? RraMiss Corinne Collins, who, with herhusband, has roceiitiy returned from!their Honeymoon trip, was a, guestof honor at' the home of Mrs. RoyA Nobby Showingm - lilll 1 ... . .-mere is ihu Sleep, little rest, lit-I tie peace for many a sufferer fromlri?rAr imiT1 T . --"TJL1..-0iiv, muvh mcica iviunejbackache. You suffer twinges and"stabs" of pain, annoying Urinarydisorders, laments &irt viprvmiRnPccsYou can't be comfortable at workwith darting pains and blinding dizzyI spells. Neglect these ailments andserI6"us troubles may follow. Beginusing Doan's Kidney Pills at the firstsign of disorder. Thousands havetestified to their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor ,meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have been1 greatly benefited. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too frequently,making me get up at night. I haveused a box of Doan's Kidney Pillsat those times and they have alwaysrid me of the complaint. I thinkthey are a splendid medicine andgladly recommend them."Price GOc, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills--the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. F. (adv)These new 4.25's Uncle Sam isputting out are about the longestrange guns any war everaw.Wolf, WHe & CoMpanyiNotwithstanding-the fact that Woolen Materials- art-continually rising in price and will go still' higher "and with labor costs increasing, JWe Announce AnExtraordinary SaMofititiTailored Suitsit$25.00 $29.50 $35.00All from our regular stock and representing big; reductions in pric.23We Also Announce A Big Sale OfWomen'sSilk DressesAt $25.00In Crepe de Chine, Georgette, Crepe, Silk Ginghams,and other choice materials.VTWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.served.Mrs. W. C. Potts, who recently i iCunuerwenL an operation ai tne iviassie Memorial Hospital, in this city,for renioval of tonsils and adenoidshas recovered sufficiently to returnto the home of 4ier parents, Mr. andMrs. George W. Duvall,' on Lillestonavenue.The following Paris peoplewere recent guests of Mrs. MyrtleSnell at her attractive home on Linden Walk, in Lexington, at an informal party: Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Hall,Mr. and Mrs. Chas. May, Mr. and Mrs.White Varden, Mr. and Mrs. C. N.Fithian, Miss Lavalette Ranson, D.D.'Cline, Chas. T. Kenney, LeeSpears and Dr. J. A. Orr.(Other Personals on Page 5.)OF9few SilkDresseaFor Misses 'and Ladies at zspecial price off4. 75EACHThis Week Only,sOne hundred dollars! Two weeks'work in a munition plant! And thesoldier offers his life. Gwan, getthat Liberty Bond!THE LAT0NIA RACES.- Speaking of marksmanship, Mr.Dollar Bill is the finest little naturalgun pointer in the service.Twin Bros.5 DNHtimnt StrtBAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, ielly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, VVal; PorkBrainsWILMOT'HtUWiPhone 376Conforming both to the spirit andletter of the daylight-saving programGeneral Manager John Hachmeisterof the Latonia and" Douglas Parkrace tracks in Kentucky, announcesthat the 'hour for the running of theopening race each afternoon duringthe approaching season of springand summer racing at the two tracksmentioned will be 2:30 o'clock. Thiswill correspond to 1:30 o'clock underthe old time ariangement which thenew day-light-saving schedule hastemporarily supplanted. Under thenew schedule the time for the running of the seven races . that willmake up the daily program at thetiacks mentioned will be like this:First race, 2:30; second race, 3:00;third race, 3:30; fourth race, 4:00;fifth race, 4:30; sixth race, 5:00;seventh race, 5:30.The racing program will thus becompleted at an hour each afternooncorresponding to 4:30 o'clock underthe former time schedule, which willleave patrons of the track some threecr four hours of daylight to devoteto their war gardens or such otherpurposes as they may elect.In arranging the programs for theracing each day, Manager Hachmeister pui poses to run the most important races of the day towards theend of the progiam, so that thoseho may be unable to reach the tracjcin the early part of the forenooncan go to the course as late as fouru'clock and still be sure of enjoyingthe principal events of the day.i 153 faTHE SLACKER MUST GO.it $&? ' JfsS $$m H 'A. F. Wheeler's Specialon a-C00K RANGEr5' To Save fuel you must have the Mndl of.Range to do this with. Our study for the-past -twentyyears has taught us the kind of! Rangesto furnish you with.A Beautiful Cast Range, RegularPrice $70.00, A Big Special For$55.00SUMMERON OUR FLOORS TO SHOW YOU!NewIcebergSAVESRefrigeratorICE!uThey have the kind of spirit inPaducali and in Bowling' Green thatwill win the war. - Every telephonepole is a soldier bearing a placardwith the slogan, "Slackers Must Goto w;oi;k o'r-Fight," and every citjzenis a member of a Vigilance Committee to back up the placards. JThis put the slackers to workingin TPaducah and Bowling Green o inthe army camps somewhere j inAmerica. A Vigilance Committee 'inParis can do the same thing. JThearmy, now needs man power, and sodoes the farmer, an'd commercial! activities 'will be demoralizedr for lackof .man power unlessthe slackers jand.dodgers are put to working or fighting. Go fter them!You must save ice and to save ice you musthave a New Iceberg Refrigerator, because it is builtwith thicker walls and will stay closed by itself.LET US SHOW YOU. LOW PRICED.f M ' ill j I) III INew Process Gas StovesSAVE GAS!To save gas is an item. Ask your friend that hasone.They are built "right They stand the hard use of gas. -Letshow you.These Stoves are Low Priced, $18:50 to $84.00fry Trading at Wheeler's You'lL Like ItA. Fn WheelerFurnitureGoMain and Tnird Sts.CHAS. GRfEN; ManatrS-t. -v.VJ-l&r:J -jSwr KI.VTHE BOURDON NIWS, PARIS, KT.-nr dHTT1TUESDAY, MAY 7, lilt.; f i jf& t$ ' ya ; ijgrjj&fILA!4! . SEAL ESTATE DEALS.rliEWS OF WOMEN'S WOBK Through he Paris Realty Co., Mrs.'. IKTEBESTniG TO CLUB James Porter, of Louisville, sold last"'J T WOMEN. week to- Mr. G. Monroe Mansfield,4l i her cottage on South Main street,' adjoining the Templin Lumber Co.'staronprtv for S 3.x no. Mr. luansueiu?&.r' ' Good' Style.' "I wonder how feathers are beingwprn this year," murmured Mrs.Flubdub., "With, tar in many communities,"volunteered Mr. Flubdub, who hadbeen reading the paper. LouisvilleCourier-Journal..'C' Spy Act Includes Women.Congress has amended tie espionage law, making it apply to enemyalien women as well as men. In investigating the activity of spies inthis country the department of justice came to the conclusion that women are being used as agents of Germany almost as widely as men.If there are any Germans who arenot Huns, let them prove it by acting like human beings and renouncing and denouncing their Hun masters. Those who are caugM doingHun work must expect to be wipedout; theirs is the choice and theirsthe responsibility. The allies areacting as the scourge of God, in therighteous task of ridding the worldof the Hun.The most dangerous animal atlarge is not the pacifist, nor thetraitor, -nor even the active alienenemy. These can be dealt with.One knows where to have them. Butcan be done with the "apathist,"as he has aptly been called theman who is not disloyal, but who stillconceives the war to be "3,000 milesaway" and none of his particularbusiness? There are still a goodmany of him; a dead weight, holding back much of community warwork,a.nd influencing legislation.What can be done to wake him up?At the Red Cross Rooms.Tuesday U. D. C.Wednesday Woman's SocietyEpiscopal Church.Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Progressive Culture Club.bouerht the home as an investment.The old brick house on Pleasantstreet, adjoining the home of Mrs.John A. Schwartz, occupied for manyyears by Mr. and Mrs. John McGrain,has been razed, and a modern bungalow will be erected on the lot byMr. Wm. Clarke. The excavationwork is now in progress. The building just torn down was over onehundred years old. Former MayorJohn T. Hinton was born thereeighty-one years ago.The real estate market in -Parisis again active, and the agencies havedaily inquiries for desirable cityproperty. Investment purchasersare on the lookout for bargains andproperty is changing hands at pricesfully as high as two and threemonths ago.Harris & Speakes, acting for theowners, Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Brannon, of Lexington, sold Saturday toMr. George W. Wilder, of the L. &N., two acres of vacant land facingon Winnie street and Jackson Park,for $600. Mr. Wilder will cut theproperty into town lots to be sold tocolored, people.Mr. Harry Mitchell, of Paris, purchased Saturday of Thos. Bryant,two lots on Marshall street, containing about 3 acres, at a privateprice. Mr. Mitchell has gone in foragriculture and is cultivating a largeacreage of tobacco and corn on hisfarm near Sideview, in Montgomerycounty.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in this city yesterday morning for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton, about eight acresof unimproved land belonging toMartin Conners, to Dr. D. S. Henry,of Paris, for $297.50 per acre. OnSaturday, Mr. Kenney sold for Master Commissioner Hinton the BridgetCain property in East Paris, to Mr.John Cain, Sr., for $735.fe JSi teGEORGETOWN COLLEGE LOSESTWO PROFESSORS TO WAR.Bourbon Red Cross Chanter ScoresAt the Race Meet.-On IMay 1 and 2, a group of ourmost efficient housekeepers servedluncheon and refreshments in theciub house at the Lexington racetrack. ,-In addition to sustaining Bourbon county's reputation for "the bestever," $230 was cleared for the RedCross Chapter.We are justly proud that Bourbontounty far exceeded its quota ofLiberty Bond, but did' YOU buy one?You can not boast until Uncle Samis borrowing from you. A War Saving" Stamp or a "Baby Bond" iswithin the reach of everybbdy:.When the final count is made everyloyal Bourbon county woman willown W. S. Stamps.Save and Lend.The very best friend that you ownIs coming to-day or to-morrow,To ask for a bit of a loanOf all you can gather and borrow.You know what he's wanting it for;"You aren't too fond of the Kaiser;You know he'll repay it and more..So lend it, and don't be a miser!your Uncle Sam,you from beingaYoyr friend isWho savesjmartyr;You know he's as mild as a lamb,But when he must fight, he'sTartar!There's billions that have to be )spent1 To make him a two-fisted hitter;You know he'll return every centThen aid him, and don't be aquitter!Oh buy every stamp that you can!Don't question and haggle and. patter!Your Uncle Sam's a generous man,And safe as the Rock of Gilbralter!He's asking.no more than his due;He needs every soul for his backer;He's working and fighting for youfThen help him and don't be a1 ' slacker!Arthur Guiterman.After the Commencement exercises in June, Georgetown Collegewill lose two of its ablest professors,who will both go into Y. M. C. A.war work. Prof. D. E. Fogle, headof the modern languages department,is already spending half of eachweek as an educational secretary atCamp Zachary Taylor, and Prof.Robt. T. Hinton, formerly of Paris,hopes to begin overseas work June1, as a recreation secretary in theY. M. C. A. army work. TheGeorgetown News says of Prof. Hinton, whose brother, Mr. C. O. Hinton, is now a Y. M. C. A. secretaryat Camp Zachary Taylor:"Prof. Hinton's loss to the College will be a serious one, as in addition to being head of the biologydepartment here, he is the directorof athletics and one of. the most successful coaches in the State. The Y.M. C. A. has made numerous offersto both men, but neither thoughtbest to leave the College until thepresent term is over.'Coach Hinton's place as coach willbe taken, in foot ball, by ClaytonThomasson, who has been assistantcoach for a number of seasons'."RED CROSS. SECOND WAR PUOT. ! - CAMPAICQf. &,W4 ;Shortly after American's entrancinto the world conflict the AmericanRed Cross, through its War Councilappointed by the President, asked ofthe American people one hundredmillion dollars as their first contribution to the War Fund. That WarFund had been decided upon as necessary to carry through the broad!plans of European and AmericanWar Relief on the scale that theirneed justified.The money contributed at thattime will have been all expended byearly this summer and the accounting of this expenditure, audited bythe Goverhment.'has been given thewidest publicity.- In order that this tremendouswork of humanity may be carried onthe President has designated theweek of May 20, 1918, as Red Crossweek, during which the public willbe appealed to for another hundredmillion dollar contribution.Every means will be taken duringthat 'week to inspire and stimulatethe public to give and give generously to this great need. It is asmuch a matter of patriotism as thesupport of our navy and army. Thelocal Chapters in every communitywill seek to canvass each individual.There will be the usual display anddistribution of posters and informative literature. An advertising campaign for -newspapers has been prepared and will be placed in the handsof all Chapters for underwriting inthe local papers by the business interests of each locality.-n m inPARIS BOY TO GET HONORS INATHLETICS.Executor'sISaleF-t-Desirable Homp andOther Property.The director of athletics, University of Kentucky, has received fourteen foot ball "K" sweaters, whichwill be presented to the 1917 crop ofletter men soon. The members ofthe Wildcat squad receiving "K's"are: W. S. Baugh, London; ArthurShanklin, Lexington; F. W. Dempsey,Burlington; Roger Moore, Lexington;B. Downing and C. Downing, Lexington; E. M. Pullen, New York City; J.A. Brittain, Leadville, Col.; CraigRiddle, Lexington, Hiram T. Adair,Paris; Arthur Bastin and JamesHedges, Lexington; W. Walker, Lex:ington, and Hall Henry, Dixon.CAN YOUWONDERCOST?NOW AT- - Racine Veal Birds.Have veal 'cut thin (from theham if possible). Block into piecesabout 3 inches square. Chop as littleas you rub in salt, pepper and a goodbit of flour. Roll each piece astight as possible and fasten with twotopthpicks. Brown well on bothsides in hot butter or substitute.Cover the birds about with water and simmer in slow oven aboutone hour.The Art Club will hold the lastmeeting of the season at 2:30 p. m.Saturday, May 11.PROGRAM:Architecture Romanesque.Italian Romanesque.Lombard Basilican Mrs. Sutherland. .St. Ambrogio at Milam.St. Zion at Verona Mrs. Arnsparger. Tuscan Romanesque Miss OllieButler.- GermanBrooks.French RomanesqueAnglo-Norman StyleRomanesque Mrs.Mrs. Lowry.Mrs. Meteer.INVITATION EXTENDED 0EET-fi CERS TO VISIT PARIS.h -.'Through Mayor E. B. January whois" one of the most earnest workersfprithe institution, n invitation hasheap, extended to the officers andoXildren of the Odd Fellows HomeatLexington to visit Paris on June 1.-The invitation includes the mem-ler& of the Boys' Band who will givea dbncert in the court house yard.Transportation arrangements haveb made for one .hundred children.A i .. . . ... ... Ia rrjeu onnwm ne t&icen for -candidates initiated into the jnystetKrHtytmk&j:, rles'croS theotandSMany people wonder why theprinter should make what they consider an exorbitant charge for getting out printed matter. Yet it isnot extortion, but a mere matter ofself-preservation that t compels theprinter to advance his charges to apoint where he can make a reasonable profit.The following card received fromone of the largest paper manufacturing concerns in the world, partlyexplains the matter:"Cincinnati, O., May 1, 1918."Owing to the very unusual conditions at the present time, all papermanufacturers have withdrawnprices on account of the increasedcost of production. Consequently weare forced to withdraw all prices."We will require several days torevise prices, based on to-day's cost,and until this is accomplished, weof necessity are obliged to ask you torequest quotations on your requirements. "Assuring you of our appreciationof past favors and hoping for yourcontinued confidence and co-operation,we remain," etc.ATTENTION, UNIFORM RANK)There will be a called meeting OfA. J. Lovely Co., Uniform Rank, K.of P., at their Castle Hall, in thethird floor, Wilson Building, at 7:30o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday)night. Full attendance in full uni-form desired. Business of impor-,W. W. DUDLEY, Captain. VTs fe teaHOME PAPER FOR THE SOLDIERSRealizing that the soldier boys areintensely interested in the news bacahome and believing that the hombpaper is the next best thing to Sletter from home, wp recently offenjNj;uu senu inru xujs.zjj.tixjit vvo newto any Bourbon county soldier tQwhom the paper is not already beingsent by friends or relatives.Quite a number have sent in soldiers' addresses and THE BOURBONNEWS will go to them regularly. Weare glad of this opportunity to thusshow our interest in the gallantyoung men in various branches othe service and we trust the homenews will be a source of pleasure tothem. We want the boys to considertne paper our weeKiy letter to themand shall depend upon each soldierto keep us posted as to any changjin his address. Those going to'France will be sent the paper as soonas their correct address is received.MISS FRYER IN NAVY.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS HOTEL: GUESTSHAVE NARROW ESCAPE.The Scottville Hotel at Scottville,Ky., was destroyed by fire Fridaymorning. Fire originated in thekitchen. Fifteen guests escaped intheir night clothes by sliding downthe posts of the front porch.The building was owned by O. S.Bryant, who carried ? 5,0 00 insurance. John Barrack, traveling salesman for the Carter Dry Goods Com"pany, Louisville, lost $1,000 worthof samples; J. L. Goodman, traveling salesman for Harris Davis Company, Nashville, $500 worth of sam-pies, and the Scottsville Home Telephone Company, wires and booths,$100. The building was the oldestin Scottsville.Flrt, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thatnas, Woodford & Bryan.SHRINERS AT COVINGTON.beveral members of the Shrinersattended the session held at Covington, Saturday, an;ong them being M.H. H. Davis, Clay Sutherland, JudgeC. A. McMillan and R. P. HnnVinMr. Oscar T. Hinton and one of theMiss Mabel Louise Fryer, 28 yearsold, daughter of Circuit Judge L. P.Fryer, Falmouth, Ky., has the distinction of being the first woman tobe enlisted at Cincinnati in UncleSam's Navy, says the CincinnatiEnquirer. She took the oath of allegiance Saturday and was transferredby 'Lieut. Leroy Brooks, Jr., toWashington Navy Yard for duty asyoeman, (boookkeeper), third class.Miss Fryer was enrolled upon instructions from Washington. Shewill be signed for women in the navy,and, after receiving preliminarytraining at the navy yard, will beassigned as clerk in the Bureau ofNavigation.As executor of E. JB. Hedges, I will,at the residence on Stoner avenue,hereinafter described, onWEDNESDAY, MAY 15. 1918,about the hour of 2 p. m., expose topublic sale the following real estatelocated in Paris, Kentucky, namely:1. That certain house and lotsituated in Paris, Kentucky, fronting50 feet on Stoner avenue, and extending back therefrom the samewidth as in front, with the propertyof MozelL Huddleston on South Westside, and that of P. Nippert on theNorth West side to the property OfW. W. Massie a distance of 300 feet,and being the same property conveyed to E. B. Hedges by Wm. Myallby deed of record in the office of theClerk of Bourbon County Court inDeed Book 90, page 484.2. A certain vacant lot on theNorth side of Stoner avenue, opposite the residence, situated in theCity of Paris, Kentucky, and bounded, as follows:Beginning at the intersection ofThird street (Stoner avenue) withthe line of'E. L. Stevens; thenceW with Third street (Stoner avenue)50 feet to a corner to Mrs. Hedges,and extending back between parallellines to Stoner Creek 175 feet moreor less, and being the same propertyconveyed to E. B. Hedges by MattieV. Trisler, etc.', by deed of record insaid office in Deed Book 100, page607.3. Lot No. 10 in Massie Addition to the City of Paris, Kentucky,fronting 50 feet on Massie Streetand running back 146.5 feet on theWest and 135.5 on the East, being51 feet in the rear, and being thesame property conveyed to E. B.Hedges by C. A. McMillan, MasterCommissioner, by deed of record insaid office in Deed Book 91 page296.TERMS OF SALE One-thirdcash, balance in six and twelvemonths. The deferred payments tobe evidenced by the purchaser's promisory notes payable to the undersigned and bearing interest at 6 percent: per annum. . Possession to begiven at once.For further particulars inquire ofthe undersigned.ROBT. C. TALB0TT.Executor E. B. Hedees.?Public Sale of Household and KitchenFurniture.At the same time and place, I willexpose to public sale my householdand kitchen furniture and other personalty. MRS. E. B. HEDGES.(7-2t)The Price of Cotton i& Soaring.Higher, Ever Higher--Butthe Price ofWirthmor Waists;;is Still the Samef ' Vgy- 7-iIt is a unique and economical merchandising planthat enables us to still sell these wonderful WirthmorWaists at $1.00.The price of cotton and cotton fabrics has advancedexcessively recently reaching the highest figure sineciTil war days, and still the price of WIRTHMORWAISTS remains the same.In these deservedly popular Blouses the materialsused are just as good as ever; they'll wear as well; they'llaunder as well; they're made as finely ; and the STYLESare just as genteel and pretty as in the past.Only the vast volume of WIRTHMOR sales, the manylarge economies of the WIRTHMOR PLAN, coupled withthe forehanded .purchase of material and a fixed purposeon the part of the retailer and maker to hold downprice, accounts for these truly remarkable values.MAIN FLOOR.FRANK & CO.Help Wanted.Position for transfer man; references required. Call on or address(It) ADAMS EXPRESS CO.LOSTRed heifer with horns, weighsabout 750 pounds.Reward for return. Call HomePhone 210 or Cumberland Phone937.AMOS TURNEY, SR.,(7-2t) Maysville Pike.Public Sale-OP-SHORTHORNS!The American Shorthorn Breeders' Association will sell fifty femalesand five bulls, representatives fitsonie of the finest strains in tffeworld, at Lexington, Ky.f on tTHURSDAY, MAY 9, 1918If you want to see a truly granB'lot of bhorthorns, come to this saleIf you love Shorthorns, you will Ifepleased with every animal offered pthis sale. tF. I. DERBY. SalPS Tnrine-ot.Auctioneers Col. Fred Repper;BUY GOOD CLOTHES !You 1 Cant AffordAny OthersHAT'S what you'll'find here in our storeGood Clothes. That's the reason I weknowjyou'll get satisfaction if. you come hereto buy. Our clothes are well tailored and of thennestjfabrics'andlthey will wear a longtimefandholdjtheir'shape. In buying our clothes you will beas wellfdressed as you care to be.You'll see here the season's smartest styles, including the new militarymodel. You're sure to seewhat you want here.The fabrics are of the very best material andinclude worsteds, cashmeres, crashes, cheviots andserges.The values'are such that you can save moneyhere.$12.50 to $35.00BoyS' ClothesThe clothes we carry here in our store are justwhat the young chaps want when it comes to styleWe've used every care in selecting these clothes,and you are assured the latest styles and fabrics.and the best values found in town.$5.00:to$15.00PPPPPPPPPPPPPPHPPPPPJj VBpppphCopyriafctlSftBcu f Kuppeobtisstr.-JBMR. P. WALSH7th and MainOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.Ifssoi: vw.r.ocoL;!!f-V.(a& .i'fiTUESDAY; MAT 7, 1918. -"pit-.-THE BOURBON NBKS, PARIS, KY, .t y(tf?rmrkFOR THE BCSTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO FERTILIZER.Place your order now.When present supply is soldwill be unable to furnishany more.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may 7-8 1)STEAWBEEBTES, STRAWBERBIESPlenty of the best strawbeiTies onthe market at our store to-day.(It) C. P. COOK & QO.PABlS HOME SCHOOL. 'The eight members of the graduating class of the Paris Home Schoolwill be addressed on the eyening ofThursday, May 23, by Judge J. M.Stevenson, of Winchester, an oratorof note and a speaker who is alwayssure to be heard with a great deal ofinterest.IsTEW AUTO OWNERS.The Kinkead-Wilson Motor Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of a Maxwell touring car to Mr. Innis Jordan,of Bourbon county. The LexingtonCadillac Co. reports the sale and delivery of an eight-passenger touringcar to Mr. James H. Thompson, ofnear Paris.E3 Ta laME. HANCOCK BUYS RACE FILLY,"THE WIFE."Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, master ofthe Claiborne Stud, near Paris, onSaturday closed a deal with J. CalMilam, of Lexington, by which he becomes the owner of the fine race filly,The Wife, by Delhi, out of HomeRule, sister of Celt, and sire of Embroidery. The price paid was notgiven out for publication.JUST A TIP TO SOME EASY IIVERSINTARIS! A loafer is a parasite, and justnow he is absorbing food that belongs to others, which also makeshim a thief. Plain words well!The man who isn't doing somethingto help his country in this crisis is amarked man, and is doomed to future execration among self-respectingpeople. We have 'em here inParis, and the "Indian sign" is plainoii each of them!, BOYS' SUITS AT $8.95.A11 wool and fast colors. Only afeW left.lt) J. W. DAVIS & CO.WOOL WANTED.Call and get sacks andtwine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(apr80-6t)m m mCOMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEGRAND AND ALAMO.To-day, Tuesday, May 7 WilliamFarnum, in thrilling new Fox production, "Rough and Ready;" sixthepisode of "The House of Hate," withPearl White and Antonio Moreno.To-morrow, Wednesday, May 8Pauline Frederick, in "Mrs. Dane'sDefense;" a "Luke" comedy, withHarold Lloyd; Hearst Pathe NewsFeature No. 31.Thursday, May 9 Alice Brady, in"Her Silent Sacrifice;" Mutt and Jeffcartoon comedy, "Freight Investigations;" Animated Weekly News No.49.3 ?a ISTAKES NEW POSITION.Prof. J. T. Hazelrigg, of Winchester, who married Miss Daughterty,of Paris, a daughter of Mrs. C. A.Daugherty, has resigned his positionas principal of the Winchester HighSchool, and has accepted a positionas Superintendent of the ShelbyvillePublic Schools.Prof. Hazelrigg is known as oneof the most capable educators in Central Kentucky, and he will be missedat Winchester. He is succeded therebv Prof. Robert Berryman. Prof,and Mrs. Hazlerigg will visit the latter's relatives in this city before going to Shelbyville.HS P3 PSCLOSING OUT SHOE STOCKWe are closing out our entireFtock of shoes. Buy now.(3-3t) J- ELVOVE.'WOOL WANTED.Highest market price paidfor wool. Plenty of sacksand twine at our mule barnon South Main StreetCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.(aprl9-lm)BOURBON OWES REFORM SCHOOLSUM OF $66.66.A special report on the House ofReform, at Greendale, in reference toihe indebtedness of 81 counties toto the State for- the maintenance ofinmates between 'the ages of 10 and16 years,- was filed 'with GovernorStanley by State Inspector and Examiner Nat B. Sewell.In 1914 the General Assemblypassed an act providing that whenany county sends to the House of Reform a child between the ages of 10and 10, the county shall pay for themaintenance of such child'" $100 annually unless the child so sentencedwas indicted upon a -felony charge.- The report shows "that Bourboncounty is indebted to the 'State under the vprovieion-specified above?66.6.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dr. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville,was a business visitor in Paris yesterday. Mrs. R. L. Wilson, who has beenvery ill at her home in' this city, issomewhat improved.VMrs. J. S. Weathers and children have arrived home from a winter's stay in Pensacola, Okla.Mrs. 'J. A. Stern left yesterdayfor Mt. Clemens, Mich., to join herhusband, who is there on a vacationstay.Miss Annie B. Poynter has returned to her home in Shelbyvilleafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JaniesMcClure, on Vine street.Mrs. Edward Prichard and littleson were recent guests of her sister,Miss Sara Power, at Science HillAcademy, in Shelbyville.J Prof. Robert Hinton, of Georgetown College, was a visitor in -Parisyesterday, as a guest, of Lieut, andMrs. C. O. Hinton and family.Miss Catherine Thompson hasreturned to Hamilton College in Lexington after a visit to Miss AnnaEads Peed, on South Main street.Mr. Clifton Blackerby has returned from Cincinnati, where he attended a convention of insurancemen from Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana. Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Strother andchildren and Mrs. Riffe Hodgkin, ofWinchester, were guests Sunday ofMr. Ewell Renaker, at the HotelWindsor.A large number of society people of this city attended the dancegiven by the young people of Winchester in Premier Hall, in that city,Friday night.Mr. Ed. Turner, of near Paris,underwent a third surgical operationFriday at the Massie Memorial Hospital. He was reported yesterdayas doing very nicely.Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Wallis,who have been guests of the latter'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Sr., on Pleasant street, returnedto New York, Sunday.Mrs. Jack Woods and son, Mr.Roger Woods, have returned from aRELIGIOUS.Union, services of the Presbyterian and Christian, churches wereheld at Clintonville, Sunday Services were conducted by Rev. P. S.Rhodes, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch.Rev. Father E. A. Burke, formerly pastor of the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, will assistin the dedication of the the St. Ann'sChurch,' at Excelsior Springs, inMissouri, where he has been stationed for several years. The exerciseswill be held on next Sunday, May 12,with Bishop M. F. Burke officiating.Evangelist J. J. Castleberry, ofMayfield, who is to conduct the revival services at the Christianchurch, in , tlie two-weeks' meeting,arrived in Paris yesterday. Themeeting opened Sunday night in thepresence of a large audience, whomanifested the greatest interest inthe opening sermon, delivered by thepastor, Rev. W. E. Ellis. Rev. Ellis'subject was "Man Doth Not Live ByBread Alone." The special music, incharge of Mr. A. L. Boatright, chorister of the church, added greatly tothe occasion. The services will beheld each night "at eight o'clock.Rev. Castleberry preached last night.The Sunday schools of the cityand county report largely increasedattendance Sunday, the occasion being "Go-to-Sunday-School-Sunday,"in obedience to the Governor's proclamation, and the plans of the StateSunday School Association. The figures from all the schools in the cityand county were not available lastnight, but it is understood that theattendance was very satisfactory atall the schools. At the Palmer schoolhouse Sunday afternoon, after theexercises Prof. Thos. A. Hendricks,of Paris, delivered an address. A reorganization of the school house onthe Jackstown pike, was effectedSunday afternoon by a team of Gospel Workers' from Paris, under thesupervision of Mr. A. L. Boatright,of the Paris Christian church.IS Pa feMAY COURT DAY.Yesterday being May Court Day,saw a large crowd on the streets,visit tq Mr. Baldwin Woods, who is cheerfully occupied in renewing ac-a member of the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, at Camp Zachary Taylor.Former Mayor John E. Garner,Mr. Woodson Moss, manager of theBrown-Proctoria Hotel, Mr. ThomasRupert and Mr. C. E. Sullivan, all ofWinchester, were guests at the HotelWindsor, in this city, Sunday.Mr. J. H. Martin, who suffered aparalytic stroke some days ago, andwho has been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this citysince, was able to be moved to hishome near Paris, Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward, ofnear Paris, were of the number whogave select dinings at the openingof the Country Club, near Lexington,last week. Mr. J. Quincy Ward, ofFrankfort, a brother of the host, wasa guest of honor.Messrs. Wm. G. McClintock, J.O. Marshall, C. A. McMillan, PhilNippert, Oscar T. Hinton, WoodfordBuckner and Robt. Spencer, wereguests Sunday in Cincinnati of Mr.Ambrose Wagers, prominent stockman and livestock dealer.Mr. James Jacoby, wbo has beenseriously ill for sometime at hishome near Hutchison, was removedSunday to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris. Mr. 'Jacoby is suffering from a serious ailment whichmay necessitate, an operation.The New York correspondencein Sunday's Louisville Courier-Journalhas the following: "Mr. andMrs. Frederick A. Wallis have goneto Kentucky for a visit with relativesin Paris. Mr. Wallis, who is thefourth deputy police commissioner ofNew York, has been ill Mrs.Harry Simon, of Paris, Ky., is spend-,ing a few days in the metropolis."The Imperial Republican, published at Imperial, Chase county,Nebraska, has the following regarding a former attache of the ParisDemocrat: "Delbert C. Hart arrivedhere Monday from -Paris, Ky., andhas taken a position in The Republican office. Mr. Hart was born inChase county, and is a son of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Hart, old-time settlersof this county."(Other Personals on Page 5.)m IBSOON BE "OIL" RIGHT.It will soon be all right in the cityof Paris as far as abating the dustnuisance, due to a deal which MayorJanuary has been able to effect.Mayor January closed a deal Fridaywith the Eton Oil Co., of Covington,for two car-loads of oil, about eighteen thousand gallons, to be delivered in Paris on or about the first ofJune.The oil will be used to lay the duston the streets of this city. ApproxAimately thirty-five thousand gallonswere used last year on the streets forthe same purpose, at a cost of about4 cents per gallon. The dust nuisance is getting to be almost unbearable at the present time.quaintances and discussing crops, tobacco and the war. There were several stock transactions on the localmarket, horses and cattle changinghands at good prices.The usual line of "court day" attractions, the blatant, noise-producingexhorters, were on hand to addtheir quota to the discord and turmoil. At the court house a largeaudience gathered to hear Maj. Glenhale, of the British army, who spokein the interest of the Red Cross campaign.m JCONFERRING DEGREES.At the meeting of Bourbon LodgeI. O. O. F. last night the First Degree was conferred on a large classof candidates. There was a large attendance to witness the conferringof the work, which was done in amost impressive style by the DegreeTeam of the lodge.At the last meeting of RathboneLodge, K. of P., the Page Rank wasconferred on Emile Rains and Ken-'ney Houston. At the next meetingthe Second Rank will be conferredon several candidates.SCHOOLS TO CLOSE.The Public School at Hutchison, ofwhich Miss Ruth Soper is teacher,closed its sessions Friday night witha box supper, which realized thesum of $32. The money was donatedto the Bourbon County Red CrossSociety, after deducting a smallamount in payment for an additionto the school library.The commencement exercises of theNicholasville High School will beheld June 6. The class emprisesfourteen members. Prof. Lee Kirkpatrick, who will succeed Prof. T. A.Hendricks as Superintendent of theParis schools, is in charge of theNicholasville school. Prof. Kirkpatrick has been selected to conduct the,Teachers' Institute, which convenesI in August at Bedford, rKy. 'MayVictorRecords18442. Long Boy-MedleyOne-Step (for dancing)Victor Military Band.Indianola Fox Trot (fordancing) Victor MilitaryBand. 10-in., 75c.' 18450. Sweet Emalina,My Gal One-Step (fordancing) Sergeant Markers Orchestra. While theIncense is Burning FoxTrot (for dancing) EarlFuller's Orchestra. 10-in.,75c.18452. If You Look inHer Eyes Elizabeth Spencer, Henry Burr. BlueBird Elizabeth Spencer.10-in., 75c.18553. Each Stitch is aThought of You, DearHenry Burr. A Little Bitof Sunshine Charles Hartand Shannon Four. 10-in.,75c.18441. Send Me a CurlGeoffrey O'Hara. AllAboard for -Home, SweetHome Louis James andShannon Four. 10-in., 75c.Daugherty Br os.. Fifth and Main "war-Time Economy Sale !Notwithstanding the constantly increased cost ofmerchandise, we are still able to offer the followingjrery interesting values:Ready-to-Wear SpecialsWe have assembled the season's choicestSuits, Coats and -Dresses for this sale. Thestyles and shades are right up to the minute.Regular $22.50 and $25.00 Values,Economy Sale price $ 1 8.75Regular $30.00 and $35.00 Values,Economy Sale price $24-. 75Regular $45.00 and $50.00 Values,Economy Sale price $39.50Economy Sale SpecialOne lot of Embroideries, regular12 l-2c quality, per yard 9cEconomy Sale Specials in;3S3 CorsetsOne special lot of "American Lady"Corsets, regular $3.00 and $3.50values at $2.29Regular $2.00 and $2.50 values at. .$1 .79Regular $1.25 and $1.50 values at....9ScEconomy Sale SpecialBed Spreads, regular $2.50 values,each $ 1 .69Economy Sale SpecialCurtain Net, regular 35c and 40cquality, per yard 22 1 -2cTrimmed Hats at (Special Pricesthisandf!Sf Every idea and style represented ingrouping, including the wanted colorsblacks,'$3.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. S2.39$4.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.29$5.00 Values, Economy Sale price.. $3.98$6.00 Values, Economy Sale price-. $4.98$7.50 Values, Economy Sale price.. $5.98$10.00 Values, Economy Sale price. .$7.98Economy Sale Specials in?Hosiery.Ladies Silk Hose, regular 50c values,colors, black and white, pair 39cLadies' Silk Hose,regular 75c values, pair 69cLadies' Silk Lisle Hose,regular 50c values, pair 39cEconomy Sale Special.One lot of Laces, regular 5c quality,your choice, per yard 2 1 -2cEconomy Sale Special.Silk Petticoats, .regular $2.50 values,at $1.98Economy Sale Special.Bridal Long Cloth, regular $2.50quality, 10 yds to bolt, a bolt. .-$1 .98Economy Sale SpecialOne Lot Lace Curtains LI If D -valuesup to $4.50, at nail lFlCeJThis Sale is Now Going On! This Sale is For Cash Only!HARRY SIMONMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.224-228 W. MAIN STLEXINGTON, KY.fWtitmmv-IIJiIIIIII9MI .- i9 'E are showing the most extensiveHH1 and beautiful line of Wall Decorations we have ever shown. TheseWall Papers were purchased before thebig advances. We can surely saveyou money, in addition to giving youthe very latest and newest patterns,and would be pleased to have you calland inspect our offerings.'THE J. T. HINTON CO.3r- r; 3- ' . .. jVorc-tr,'; . .: - .M Su. -' - 5 -- W 1.0;te. "! 4ir . ?,v-v" tpf.Ji3IKcc 'MiilV)II:iI iiVTHE BOlTitBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUISDJir, MAT 7, lfir.TAOXSZZ' - Tzr .J. . . i .'AUEMJtATIIw-TO'BE-CHANGED. .-TO "XiLDiiitXX UAJJLDAUr.Sauerkraut may be camouflagedunder the name of Liberty Cabbage,if the Federal Food Board acts favorably on the recommendation of' vegetable dealers, who assert that the' pro-German stigma of the dish hasbeen responsible for a falling off of75 percent in consumption, since theUnited States entered the war.The dealers told the Board that"there is now enough sauerkraut instock in New York City to supply a'. fair-sized German army. The Board,in taking the question under advise-1ment, ordered the dealers to suomitstatistics showing the exact quantityof Sauerkraut they have on hand.rCAUSE OF HEADACHE.By knowing the cause, a diseasemay often be avoided. This is particularly true of headache. Themost common cause of headache is a'disordered stomach or constipation,wMch may be corrected by taking afew doses of Chamberlain's Tablets.Try, it. 3Iany others have obtained'permanent relief by taking theseTablets. They are easy to take andjnild and gentle in effect.(adv-may)--THE WHXWS KITE.TT UnarAaA Q -nnrfhlinilTld tractioncar at Piqua, a broad shouldered,up-standing youth of 23 in soldier'suniform, enroute'home for the weekend. And he was proud and talkative. His voice boomed through the,little smoking compartment, exuberant, boastful, perhajB, and eager.He was of the selective service.One idea seemed dominant andcomfortine:. "I've $15,000 insure,ance." he declared - proudly. "I'm.worth a heap more right now deadthan alive. So if I never get backthe little mother will be cared for;better maybe than if I'd stay athome. For I ain't just strong onwork." Again his laugh, boomed.TYm -nrirtnw TVfnrri walked hfisltat.-ingly into the Second National BankANASBEA&lliEERS'' TOAs. "-TAKE ABB. TEAINJBOYS.who are helDing us to .makein a- little up-street-town- andaskedJ world, safe fox democracy. .for President Jones. Pier face wasjust a little older, just -a little deeper lined. Under her eyes were the, and of these are in, our own StateGIVES PERVENT "AMEN."Prayer by Evangelist Bascomb"Waters, at Hopkinsville, Ky., betterknown as "Hoptown:" "O Lord,bless the President of the UnitedStates, the King of England and thePresident of France, but, if you willexcuse us, Lord, to hell with theKaiser." We believe the evangelist.is in' earnest about this, althoughhis language is unusual. Anyway,if it is not blasphemous, we desireto record a fervent "Amen!"I'mXstsji 1 1",Ll- iCurescircles of weeping: in the quickclasping and unclasping of herfingers the clamor of over-wroughtnerves. And her garb was just a little more somber,"I've just got Tommy's insurancemoney," and her voice choked pitifully. "You know -he died in France."Tears filled her eyes to overflowing.She turned away and swabbed atthem helplessly with a worn littlehandkerchief, and slowly regainedcontrol of her feelings."He was all I had. I gave Mm tomy country not willingly, but asall I had to offer. And now he'sgone. And this money I can't takeit from the government. Not when itneeds it so badly. War took my father. War has taken my son. Andnow I want to give the governmentall I have left my widow's miteto help wipe war out the world forever. Will you get me liberty bondsfor it?"And had she been the Queen of hisboyhood's dreams Banker Jones couldhave shown iier no greater deference.and preventslull musb uuuKcrouB lMf n 1TQof all babr chicle dU- TT llllCpositivelyprevented.nr. pnrwi.by putting 2 or 3 drops orchicle du- Tf lUivDiarrhoeaBourbon Poultry Remedrfr th HrfnlHnir watpr rinrinr tfiAfirst tea days .Cures gapes, C&olera.eoreneaa, roap ana corns, a ouaDottle maces 12 gallons ot medicine. At druggists or by mallpostpaid. Poultry BookFree.urban fttm.tfy Co., Deptw , Lexington, Xjf.FOR A SPRAINED ANKLE.As soon as possible after the 'injury is received get a bottle ofChamberlain's Liniment and followthe plain printed directions whichaccompany the bottle.(adv-may)m BMCome on, folks, let's all LibertyBond the Kaiser.ANDfAMANmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. -Thecost is noninal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692PQbbbbbB af aaaaSHMaaMaaxHSBaasHHBBBSSSHffH aVaaaaaaaal L aKaaW'H BfiaaaaaaBB vw HaaaaBKIt Laaaaawv amaaWm mThe time has come when we canribtbe choosers, but must take the bestwe can get. This principle appliespractically to all classes of peoplethat are hardest hit by these conditions is the employer of labor,whether he be a manufacturer, amerchant or a farmer. yThe farmer, no less than the employer of .labor in the city, has feltthe drain of labor owing to the war.The active young men upon whomchiefly the farm work falls must beleplaced by some one if productionof food stuffs and meats is kept upeven to the normal of past years. iButthe demand is ior more rood, so -wecan help supply the other, nationsto .make theThere are 2,000,000 High Schoplboys in this country, several thous4TheGovernment FirstTremend' as is the present activity in themarshaling c men, food and " munitions for cneconduct of the war, the placing of the Bell system unqualifiedly at the disposal of the government has relieved one paramount factor of preparedness. Every American who wants to help win thiswar should bear in mind that private service mustgive way to government service should emergencies require that everything be subordinated tothe telephone demands ot the army, the navyand other representatives of the government.So when the increased business of fall and winter is reflected in your telephone service by a slowing down and by more frequent "busy" reports,remember that we are using every means at ourcommand toieep our service up-to its usual standard. Every available position at our switchboardis occupied and it is difficult to secure additionalpositions because Uncle Sam's requirements havereduced th available supply of material to thepoint wheri manufacturers cannot make a definitepromise of (delivery.Here's how you can nelp. Use the telephone onl for necessary calls, particularly duringthe busy hours of the day. Be patient whenthere is aidelay. Be cheerful to the operator andif you havl trouble call "COMPLAINT."We appreciate co-operation.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND HJLEGR APH COMPANYIncorporatedand have enrolled in the U. S. BoysWorking Reserve. These boys arewilling and anxious to do their bitin helping to serve their country.Thousands and thousands of theseboys have already pledged themselves to go to any farm where theymay be sent and will do their bestto aid the farmer. In other Statescalls from the farmers for boys havebeen greater than the supply.A few of these High School boyshave had farm experience, but themajority of them have never been ona farm and consequently do not knowthe first principles of farming. However, they declare they are willingto learn. They say they expect sorehands, tired muscles and hot, longdays when they get to the farms, butare "nerved" to do their part.If the boys recognize that it is notplay, but hard work, that they areundertaking and yet are willing togo, the farmer should be willing totake them and try them out. Further, the farmer should not expecttoo much from the boys, but shouldundertake to teach them how towork, with the idea of making themuseful helpers not merely for thisyears, but for the years to come.They must realize the longer thewar lasts the less farm help they canget, because Uncle Sam must havesoldiers, and, therefore, it is thefarmers' patriotic duty to take theseboys and "make farmers out of them.Be patient with them, teach them,not only for what can be gotten outof them this season, but to makethem worth more on the farm nextyear and the next. If the farmerswill be patient and not expect toomuch from the boys this year, theywill have a similar experience thatthe States of Indiana and Illinoisare having this year want morebovs than they can get. BE PATIENT WITH THE BOYS!Make your needs for these boysknown to Prof. Clark, EnrollingAgent, at Paris High School, or Mr.Z. L. Wilcox, at the Y. M. C. A.,County Director of the U. S. iBoys'Working Reserve, or write C. A.levebaugh, Asst. Federal State Director, 345 Y. M. C. A. Building,Louisville, Ky.'m m tHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatremdy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by satarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicine acts through the Blood onthe Mucous surfaces, expelling thePoison' from the Blood and healingthe diseased portions.After you have taken Hajl's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and getrid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.THE MAY AMERICAN MAGAZINEMary Pickford, David Grayson,Charles P. Steinmetz, H. C. Witwer,Holworthy Hall and Corporal Holmesare some of the names that make theMay American Magazine a top-notch-er. Hoiwortny nail begins nis newnovel of love, adventure and the warcalled "The Man Nobody Knew "Charles P. Steinmetz, the great inventor and engineer, declares thatthe world belongs to the dissatisfiedand he proves his point in his article.JDavid Grayson, who everyone loves,expresses his opinion about the waand how out in the country, he feelabout it. There is an article aboutMary Pickford that will give yousome news' about her; and the realstory of Corporal Holmes and howthe war made a different man of himwill stimulate and interest. H. C.Witmer has a funny story in thisissue, and Max Rosen, the youthfulviolinist who has been startling thecountry, tells how he graduated fromthe slums and reached the top of hisprofession. L. M. Boomer, the greathotel man, tells what hotel menknow about human beings, and thethings they like to eat and do.-Tjiere are many other things inthis issue that make it worth while.Stories by William Dudley Pelly andAlice Garland Steele, articles called"WhM Makes the Tired BusinessMan Tired," and "How I Cured Myself in a Dentist's Chair" and the Interesting People and Family MoneyDepartment help to round out a finenumber.g t3 ?i ""ABOUT RHEUMATISM.Rheumatism causes more pain andsuffering than any other disease, lorthe reason th.t it is the most common of all ills, and it is certainlygratfying to sufferers to know that.there is a remedy that will afford relief, and make rest and sleep possible. It is called Chamberlain's Liniment. ""- (adv-may)To praraphrase a little. ' Let'sonakethe land of the free-the home of the.Bayed, ' ,''hj. "" L 4" "-t rAf0a t r'TrrennY'E. W. -WZSEfEWSkBIGnuuSPECIALA CAR LOAD OF RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGMJIPRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quickthougfi, forus to get out on them,! hence the bargain priceswe offer.Room. Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.Also a beautiful line of Progress Sanitary AH-metal Refrigerators in white, green ancT oak finished steel. AH white enameled inside. Prices ranging to suit every buyer.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.E: M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSmreammmmimmPLAIN KILLING TOO GOOD FORTHESE BRUTES!Knowing that the Americans arepersistent souvenir hunters, the Germans in the Toul sector have beenstrewing No Man's Land with allsorts of infernal devices. These consist of electric wires attached to belts, jhelmets, rifles and other praraphernalia connected with concealed bombs.In a number of instances Americansoldiers have tripped over these and jescaped.IS IS !DO YOU ENJOY LIFE??A man in good physical condition,is almost certain, to enjoy life, whilethe bilious and dyspeptic are despondent, do not enjoy their meals andfeel miserable a good share of thetime.' This ill feeling is .nearly always unnecessary. A few doses ofChamberlain's Tablets to tone up thestomach, improve the digestion andregulate the bowels ;s all 'that isneeded. Try it. ' .(adv-may)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingJLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.A beautiful lint of Garlands on dlafrlay. Com In and , look thim ovtr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetctwmSM jJzuJ& K JmMKfrcar tffSriZkZ. W Kfiak' rfJUEL C '"' y St'-'.jyiJU-&-?""Satisfaction is OorI WatchwordWith nil o. ! ;,j . ........ m-x v,t.xsi iaicat nil", i provements. m laundryt Jz appliances and PYnrt'it.r t s- tr . r rii - i-ri-- nairifVKa urn .. 3-2?-r -- ij "v'cio wc cu prepared. ':-; ; , to do work- inferior toxijiij auu sunuit yourTJlrir-'jmmmrwc zr-i4K5 patronageJJT siBourbon Laundry,Paris KMtocky.m?vr3:I!Vvvrf A,(Iaaorponttoi).f .-v r - , -VTUESDAY, MAY 7, 1918.THE BOURBON NEVS, PARIS, KY."Thinned Blood Means Healthy While'Watery' Blood Spells Sure Death."Dr. Robert J. Maclngalls, Noted Surgeon, Gives InterestingLecture on Modern Methods of Treating'Spring Fever.;... York, Ma 6. Speaking before an audience composed largely ofen specialists and dietitia-ns atWaldorf here, Dr. Robt. J. Mactj, .,, the distinguished surgeon,laid particular stress upon the im,j0r xnce of keeping "the blood in aLj,t;v condition as a means ofva.jing off disease; and called attea in to the fact that many people,in an endeavor to stave off or relin ?o-called "spring fever," gorger -riila ini3 similar nnnr.np.fin.Tis,'v h not only thin the blood, butcan- it t0 become "watery" anduuj'althy, thus exposing themselvesti "ie ravages of any disease whichnla beset them, and at the sametur " eakening and undermindingth r entire system. He has said inv'ery few people are cognizant oftb mportance of keeping the bloodin a strong and healthy condition asa prophylaxis against disease, and itjS ie duty of the medical professionto Instruct the public in this primeewatial of good health.I am sorry to have to confesstin1 there are members of our profphh.n who, for the love of the alm'Shty dollar, still keep their pa-tjpa-in ignorance on this most inpa. tan t subject; and still others,styLng themselves physicians, whoiwrt to the Black-Age doctrine ofpr scribing such nostrums as tend to-vvaken the blood, thus causing it tobecome 'watery and thereby superiurt icing various forms of anaemiaami general debility."This practice should be vigorously prosecuted, and only such remediesdi'Vld be employed as will tend 'to99strengthen, as well as thin the blood.A certain amount of both white andred corpuscles are prerequisite togood health and to properly ward offdisease; thus to prescribe variousforms of calomel, sarsaparilla, sulphur and similar medicants is likeprescribing salt and vinegar to thevictim of obesity."Acid Iron Mineral not only thinsthe blood, but strengthens and invigorates it. For those who sufferfrom the effects of thickened, heavyblood, cogulated and polluted withthe waste matter of the winter's accumulation, A-I-M stands without apeer; for it not only thins and purifies the blood, but carries the various impurities out of the systemnaturally and effectively. As a general "spring tonic" and as a promptrelief for that "tired feeling" andrundown condition so prevalent atthis season, it remains the only natural, .non-corrosive, fully assimilable and digestible iron known tomedical science.On the market over thirty years,and with thousands upon thousandsof testimonials from physicians, lawyers, clergymen, pharmacists and laymen who testify to its merits, A-I-Mis the only remedy on the marketwhich is sold with the distinct undestanding that its purchase pricewill be refunded if it fails to benefit! in every possible degree. Reject allsuprious imitations, which profitseeking druggists try to foist uponyou, and demand the original AcidIron Mineral.Sold in Paris by Brooks & SnappDrug Co., and by good stores everywhere, (adv)BLARNEY CASTLE.1 je ruins of old Blarney Castle area few miles outside of Cork, surrounded by pleasant Irish fields andgorgeous hawthorn hedges. The hugesquare tower stands as firm and truenow as in the days when old CormacMcCarthy ruled over the land ofMunster. The old chieftain built hiscastle to withstand English guns andEnglish diplomacy, and Blarney Castle has kept the trust.The visitor to the ruins neverfails to ask for the famous Blarneyalone. The withered old guide lookshun over carefully and leads him upa narrow winding stair to the top ofthe donjon tower. If the visitor isold and dignified he is then shown asmall square stone near the wall'sedge and is permitted to" kiss the relicwithout much trouble. But if he isyoung and especially agile he is directed to a huge slab some feet belowthe level of the battlements. To kissit he must be lowered by his feetover the tower's edge, never a verygraceful process. But the feat onceaccomplished, if the old tradition betrue, he is possessed forever of aSlib and persuasive tongue and usuaJly returns home to make a career.n politics.The tradition is that its remarkable power was granted the stone inreturn for some favor bestowed byCormac upon an especially gratefulnnt in the old days when Irelandwas full of such holy men andJ women. The wily chieftain madegood use of his power in his own!day, three times successfully match. ing his wits against the English.! Since old Cormac's day hundredshave visited the castle and kissedjwhat they firmly believed to be th'e'sacred stone. But the real BlarneyStone is not the one near the towerwall, but the old block with the in-scription "Cormac the Brave causedme to be built 1446" to reachwhich one must hang by one's feetover the battlments.MONEY'S PARAMOUNT MISSIONThe present struggle is not National simply. It is international.It belongs to no one people. It belongs to all. It is a struggle betweenself-government and monarchial control. It is especially 'a contest between the highest type of civilizationand a type which in certain respects has close affinities with halfcivilization and with barbarism.In such a struggle every element ofstrength, every ounce of weightI counts, and counts mightily. Inj making the fight money is not simply,as the definition says, a stanaara oivalue and a medium of exchange.It is also a power unto victory. Itmeans a step in the progress untopeace with victory.ForLaid Him JaHBp&YENOCH MORGAN'SSONS CO.PATRIOTISMBuy..SAPOLIOForECONOMY"Actions speak louder ihartwords -Act- Pont Talk -Buy NovWantedHelpIMale(Age 16 Years or Over)Machine NailersHand NailersWoodworkingMachine Men. Bjj -. . lJM - ""andL.!?.;.Box FactoryMr;. '.ySteady .wtA. GocxLwages: fccent factoigf cptf;dibon. Half holiday Saturday with pay.Apply at ence,v SuperintendentMENGEL BOX COMPANYWMWIHWI12th ami Ormsby LOUISVILLE, KY.POPULARITY OF-BLUE-GRASSKentucky Soldiers, on Return MarchFrom Battle of Tippecanoe, Gathered Seed in Indiana.The tradition that the Kentucky soldiers who fought at Tippecanoe tookback with them the seed that has madeblue grass famous in central Kentucky, has never been questioned orseemed to require authentic proof, declares a writer. Mrs. Levering says,In her "Authentic Indiana:""It was on the return march fromthe battle of Tippecanoe that the soldiers from Kentucky gathered the seedof the blue grass which they foundgrowing , In Indiana, and carried ithome with them, thinking it was a superior variety because it satisfied thehunger of their horses so well thatthey would not eat corn. It flourishedso well on the limestone soil of centralKentucky that it made that state famous." This statement was based oninformation obtained from early settlers of Indiana. Kentucky was notknown as the blue grass state untilmany years after the battle of Tippecanoe. As long as slavery existed, Kentucky, lying south of the Ohio river,was classed as a Southern state. Itnever was classed as a central Western or middle Western state alongwith Ohio and Indiana. In the censusreport of 1910, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,Michigan and Wisconsin were classedas "East North Central states" andKentucky, Tennessee, Alabama andMississippi as "East South Centralstates."When Indiana was admitted to theUnion, in 1816, itconslsted of 13 counties, viz. : Wayne, Franklin, Dearborn,Switzerland, Jefferson, Clark, Washington, Harrison, Knox, Gibson, Posey,Warrick and Perry. In the subsequentcreation of 79 counties out of these,making 92, the boundaries of the original 13 counties underwent materialchanges.WIFE'S FEAR WAS AROUSEDStranger's Inquiry About Hubby's Description Was Merely to WarnAgainst Unhealthy Coconuts.He entered -the ladies sitting roomat the railway station, walked up to awoman whose husband had left theroom about ten minutes previously, andcalmly inquired: "Madam, your husband went out to see the river, didn'the?""Yes why?" she asked, turning palein an instant."He-was a tall man, wasn't he?""He was," she replied, rising up andturning still paler.'"Had red hair?" ,"He had. Oh, what has happened?""Weighed about 180 pounds?""Yes yes! Where is he where Ismy husband?" she exclaimed."Couldn't swim, could he?""He's drowned my husband Isdrowned !" she walled."Had a silver watch chain?" continued the stranger."Where is my "husband? Where Isthe body?" she gasped."Do not get excited, madam. Didyour husband have on a gray suit?""Yes. Oh, Thomas my Thomas!""Andjace-up boots?""Let me see him let me see him !"she cried."Come this way, madam, but do notget excited. There is your husbandacross the street at that fruit-stand?""Why, yes, that's him; that that'smy husband!" she exclaimed joyfully."I thought you said he was drowned.""No, madam, I did not. I saw himbuying a coconut, and I -believe It tobe my duty to say to you that coconuts are not healthy at this season ofthe year."The Emblem of France.The fleur de lis is the emblem ofFrance, and is believed to be thewhite-flowered Florentine Iris, theflower de luce. "What sayest thou,my fair flower de luce?" says the English king to the French princess inShakespeare's play. The French havea' pretty-legend of their lily which tellsthat at the baptism of King Clovis,of the long and perfumed hair, a bluebanner came fluttering down fromheaven over which were sprinkledgolden fleur de Us. From that timethey appear on the" arms of the country.They have a verb, "fleurdeliser.V meaning to embroider scattered flpwers overa fabric, or, as embroiderers say, to"pepper with flowers." Edward inborrowed the lilies of France after hiswar with that country and they wereborne by England until the beginningof the nineteenth century. .Cock and Bull Story., , .Cock fighting Is still the 'naftonalsport of the Dominicans, althoughlt Isdeclining In. popularity; .Under thti national gambling .law,cocfc,flghtingjtnaybe prohibited., ,It maynhqweverbecensedby the Various municipalities,,and it usually Is', as It yields them afood revenue. -While bullvflghtlng,r iapermitted In the Dominican republic, 'it has never been popular in thlVlsland.At long intervals avtpreador.cqmesjtfere,en route from Spqla to Peru jor Bf ex-1ico, and jl few bull fights areaeiainthe rarlous towns, but they do not attract a large attendance. There areno professional bull fighters among theDominicans. Commercial Reports.Poor, Financier.He We'll have to give up our intended summer trip. My apcount at the bankis already overdrawn.She Oh, John, you- are such a'wretched financier. Why don't youkeep youraccountjn.a.bank that hasplenty'.of money T Boston Transcript'jl8-- PAgrsCTdr'PARTICULAR WOMENOF PARIS AND; VICINITY WILL BE INTERESTED. IN THESE SPECIAL VALUES INWOMEN'S SUITS and COATSNew Arrivals Among ThemTHE SUITS$25-$35m Every Suit in this collection is made of4-l-IA finnl .A. 1pa iii inicai materials, is a- gooa conservative and at the same time an exclusivemodeland will give splendid service.Colors are the most in demand and theprices are right.J&S3111Ii511sI Summer Gown, Dress or FrockITHE COATS$20-$25In these Coats you'll find expressed thelatest style ideas. The workmaship is ofthe highest class, the materials are themost called for, the colors are the mostdesirable. Prices you'll find in every instance are as consistently low as goodmerchandising methods will allow.We also call your attention -to our new arrivals in Dainty Blouses; Dress Skirts, white,wool and silks; Silk 'Dresses, GinghamDresses,4 Sport Sweaters, Trunks, Bass,Draperies, Silk Hosiery, Pine Silks, WashDress, Moth Bags, convenient sizes forkeeping winter garments safe during thesummer, etc., etc.High Class Dress MakingSee Miss Brown this week for that newBeauty ParlorsHere you'll find an expert in charge' whois always at your service. Charges reasonable.Mitchell, Baker & Smith232-234 W. Main StreetIexington, Ky..TOO EASY WITH SPIES.(New York Commercial.)Federal and State ProsecutorSsaythat existing laws do not providesuitable penalties for the destructionof munition works or for tamperingwith military supplies such as gasmasks. To the layman such deedsare the work of secret enemy agent,spies or traitors and such persons arsupposed to suffer death whencaught. Our failure to deal withspies and traitors as other belligerents do has made bold these enemieswithin our gates who dream of richrewards when the Kaiser takes thiscontinent. Let us have martial lawwith drum-head court-martial andfiring squads to execute sentencesthe next morning, rather than seeour courts and other machinery ofjustice flouted by enemies who try toturn gas ma,sks into Jdeath trapr.American citizens are making manysacrifices, and they can afford to sacrifice the right to trial by civilcourts on charges of treason and spying. Spies and traitors, laught atAmerican prisons, whose -doors arcopen after the war is over. Maudlinsentiment and possibly the terms ofpeace will insure that: -iXIccGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment 'BOTH PHONES-DAY 137,- NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KNow that some fifteen or twentymillion of us have the bond-buyinghabit, let's hope we stick to it.ki ia mWhen you can buy a LibertyBond on the installnent planthere's no excuse for your not having one.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLES'.. FISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators every thing screened and freefrom dust and flies." ,. r"? z?? rsH .J Buy where edibles are 'kept in a sanitary manner. 0uro service isprompt.Columbia GrafonolasColumbia Grafcnolaflo. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.00-Columbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410. MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketLet Us Serve You ! 'r. This company Isa public "servant in a -greater capacity thau;3her utilities.sticli' as railroad, the gaa-or electric -llglrtdpower companies, because, It s&yes you-- day and nignt often.'' times in,rmaUis of extrem? importance'; The' doctor, the policeor the fire-department are immediately'' summoned by our rapMservice. We ghne-yoii procapt-connection with the trades-peopleJr your triends. ' J i rs r The .costr Is -reasonable! and is' something:, few" "people canafford to do without. We 'axe 'a home institution and are Yitally interested -in the townV-welfre. We can help you. "Soucanjielp us Let's get together.t. ,,Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegrapfi Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATOTP '- 1 A W. H. CAJWOJrp. District Ttqu&r.. , . Ipd ItttKer.$rIrftoo,i-91Ju' VIt1' )0v1sifaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Kt.TUESDAY, MAY 7, 2S18.PAGE EIGHTM tV',&JS, tJ.!??';r' - r" IIIIHI t 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 I I I I I I11" """ T" "" -'-' """""crs THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOt ,Tuesday, "May 7thWilliam Farnumi J, " t v' In a Tilling New' Pox' Production ."Rough and Ready"' Liked by 01ti arid-Young.Wednesday, May 8tKAdolph Zukor PresentsPauline FrederickThursday, May 9thSelect Pictures PresentsAlice Bradyf he J: T. Hiiiton Go.ININaMrs. Dane's Defense""Her Silent Sacrifice"-w.tfvUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERS, A Splendid Paramount Picture.Also a "Luke" Comedy,with Harold Lloyd.Hearst-Pathe News No.31.zm ialso ;'Also Antonio Moreno and Pearl White, Inthe Sixth Episode of"THE HOUSE OF HATE"Mutt and Jeff CartoonComedy, "Freight Investigation." Animated Weekly News.v&rWin 'and Sixth.StreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36NlKht : . . 56or Home 286!!'VMotor equipment."" Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Ullll i''i'4'44-l'I''l"'-H"I"I'lI-I'?-l"W"H"l"I"I"H"H'a''x ,MILLERSBURGVi, Ttegular meeting of Amity Lodge3io. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday at 8I. m.Mrs. Priest Kemper, of Hopkins-ville, is a guest of her parents, Mr.zsjxd Mrs. J. A. Butler.. . Mr. R. L. Tarr and family re-"turned from Florida, Thursday,where they spent the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Bayless DeBell,r af Ewing, were guests of Mr. and jMn. R. M. Caldwell, Friday and Sat-.urday. 1Dr. Glass, of the Maxwell StreetPresbyterian church, Lexington, Jconducted services at the Presbyte-trian. ichurch. here Sunday morning, jMr. and Mrs. Alex Hawes, ofChicago, arrived yesterday to be athe sick bedside of their grand-jarfolher, Mrs. America Butler, who re- .mateis critically ill.- r-Rev. Hinds, of Georgetown Col-lege, preached a trial sermon at the33Baptist j church Sunday morning, and Jconducted union, services at the .same 'Pjlace in the evening... At a regular meeting(of the City-Council last Wednesday 'night, Mr.-3arry Linville was appointed CityMarshal to succeed Mr. Joe Williams,-whi) recently resigned. Oil was alsoordered for the streets. .-"Drr Richard Wilkinson, of theJEpiscopal Church, at Lexington, willdeliver" a lecture at M. M. I. Auditorium, Friday at eight p. m., under4ilie auspices of Amity Lodge No. 40,F. mid A. M. Lecure free. The pubaic cordially invited. (7-2t)The spring drive for the Red"Cross cainpaign will begin in thiscity on May 9. There will be special.services in the evening at the Methodist church. As it is commencementSuiDday at" the M. C, prominenti.' speakers win ue present. (Rev. Geo. R. Combs, of Paris,witt give a lecture-recital at the M.C: Auditorium on Friday evening,May n. unaer i-ae auspices or meW- "O. T. U. The proceeds will be"Ofiod for the purchase of a LibertyTBond. His subject will be "FolkLore and Mountain Ballads."Sunday School Day was observedTiere Sunday morning. There was no-- special drive made, hence all the' Sunday Schools fell short of lastyear. The following numbers werepresent, so far as we have been able9 get themf Presbyterian 73, Bap-tlst 50, Methodist, 102 and Chris-tio.n, 96.THE SICK. Mrs. America But-'i ler -continifes to grow weaker; Mr.JT A.2Miller, Mesdames Fannie Norton and M. E. Martin continue about'tbie same; Mr. James Clever- and"Master Earl Hill are improving; Mr.J A. Cumber is able to be out2igain, after an attack of grippe;Mn5. H. J. Faith, is improving."' The local Red Cross Chapter-pu.t on "The Gown of Destiny" attlG Majestic picture theatre, Thursday afternoon and evening to a largeaudience. " The "work Tiad to do withthe Red Cross work oa the battle-fields in France arid Belgium, show-ing the needs and necessities of theT&jmI Cross. It was enjoyed by all,-aukd there were -many scenes, thatwere very appealing. The chapter' Ttatize'd "about "fifty dollars.The student body of the GradedSchool put on the pretty little three-." t) the Hearth "Fires,' at the operahduse Friday eveningsto a large au-i. dicmce. The piece was good and- wbll rendered,-and allconnected with" tKj entertainment did their parts" mlcely , The piece was preceeded bya 'number of short choruses by thesohool. The instumental numberswere Tendered between acts. We are-Mrry that" space will' not permit usHing attention to the various per-' formers in tie piecek The play wascoached by Miss McGuirc principali the school, and was "well done.Mr. Joseph Andrew Miller, agedelghtyven, one of Millersburg's-Mt prominent citizens, died at hisliqaie at noon yesterday, after a pro"tracted illness of general debility.Mr. Miller's life was interwoven'.-Wttk -the history of Millersburg,srfcerehe had- resided, all his longourand useful life. He was a Confederate veteran, having served withdistinction during the four years ofthe Civil War. The funeral will beheld at the Methodist church tomorrow (Wednesday) afternoon. Amore extended notice will be given inthe next issue of THE NEWS.IS IS ISjDEATHS.GAITSKILLThe funeral of Mr. RichardGaitskill, a former resident of NorthMiddletown, who died at his home inMt. Sterling last Thursday, after alingering illness, was held at the res-idence in Mt. Sterling, Saturday af-ternoon, with services conducted byRev. M. P. Yeaman. The intermentfollowed in the Machpelah Cemeteryin that city. Mr. Gaitskill is sur-vived by his widow, two daughters,Misses Mattie and Elizabeth Gaits-kill, and one sister, Mrs. C. C.Scholer, all of Mt. Sterling.GAUNCE.The funeral of Mrs. AnnaGaunce, aged seventy-six, who diedat seven o'clock Friday evening, ather home on. the Clintonville pike,near Paris, of a complication of diseases, was held. Sunday afternoon, attwo o'clock. Services were conductedat the grave in the Jacksonville Cemetery by Rev. George B. Combs, pastor of. the Paris Methodist church.Mrs. Gaunce is survived by herhusband, Mr. Benjamin Gaunce, twodaughters, Mrs. Lee Hollar, of Harrison county, and Miss Ida Gaunce,and three sons, E. M. Gaunce, Kenney Gaunce and Odie Gaunce, all ofHarrison county.la Wa IBBSWINDLERS' TRICK TAKES MONEY SENT TO SOLTirR-RSRelatives and friends of severalsoldiers in army camps have beenvictimized by swindlers who wiredor wrote for funds under soldiers'names. In each instance it was requested that money be sent by wirewaving identification, or by mail togeneral delivery, the customary explanation being that the soldier hadbeen discharged and would have noway of securing identification, norof getting mail addressed to his company. T-he following is a typical telegram, sent to the father of a soldierin a southern camp:"Have been discharged. Coming'home. Going -to Atlanta throughcountry to-night. Please wire me$6 at Atlanta so I may pay foruniform and come home direct. Waveidentification as I am not known inAtlanta. Wire cash quick so I canget home to-morrow morning."Before being complied with, anyrequest for money to be sent under.such conditions should'be verified bya letter or telegram to the commanding officer of the camp in which theman whose name is signed to the request is stationed.ADDRESSES WILL AGAIN APPEARIN CASUALTY LISTS.The War Department will resumealmost immediately the practice ofgiving addresses of American soldiersnamed in the casualty lists sent fromj France. .rne aecision was matte by Presi-dent Wilson, to whom the public appealed when the addresses were ordered discontinued. The Presidenttook up the subject! with SecretaryBaker immediately after the Secretary's return from France.Publication of addresses was discontinued March 8. Explaining atthe time why the order was issued,the War Department"" said publication gave information to the enemyand also "brought swarms of claimagents to harass relatives of menkilled. ' ' 'The President took the subject upwhen the Committee, on Public Information 'refused to handle the liston the grounds that the names without addresses were valueless for publication purposes.These new 4.25's Uncle Sam Jsputting out -are about the longest'range .guns, any .war ever saw. wPricesMATRIMONIAL.M AYFIELD WORTM AN.Friends and relatives in thiscity have received the followingcards announcing the marriage ofMr. Wm-. Mayfield, Jr., and MissDorothy Wortman, both of Dayton,Ohio:"Mr. and Mrs. Joseph AdolphWortman have the honor of announcing the marriage of their daughter,Cornelia Dorothy, to Mr. W,m. Preston Mayfield, Jr., on Wednesday,May the first, nineteen hundred andeighteen, Dayton, Ohio."Enclosed were cards: "Mr. andMrs. William Preston Mayfield, Jr.,At Hpme after June first, 468 NealAvenue, Dayton, Ohio."The groom is a son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. P. Mayfield, the former alate resident of Paris. He formerlylived in Lexington, and now has afine position on the Dayton, Ohio,News. He is a genius with electricity. Mr. Mayfield is related to theSauer and Doty families of Paris,and is well known here.SCHWARTZ WOODS.The marriage of Mr. Edwin("Brother") Woods, son of Mrs. JackWoods, and Miss Margaret Schwartz,daughter of Mrs. J. A. Schwartz, bothof this city, .was solemnized at theChurch of the Annunciation, in Paris,yesterday morning. Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn officiating. The attendants were Miss Aimee Woods,sister of the groom, and Mr.Fred Miller. 'fMr. Woods has until recently beena member of .the Parjs Fire Department, which position he resigned toaccept a responsible position in theemploy of the Louisville & Nashvilleroad at Hazard. Ky.v The bride jsone of the most attractive youne:wnmrn in Paris. Both have a host offriends who will unite in wishingthem a long and happy wedded lifer.After the ceremonv Mr. and Mrs.Woods left for a short honeymoontrip, their destination not being scivenout. Upon their return they will reside at the home of the groom inHazard.ra mCOVINGTON TO HAVE PATRIOTIC MEETING MAY 19 JCovington. Ky., is planning a greatpatriotic meeting at the Latonia racetrack Sundav afternoon. May 19. Thismeetine: will be under the auspices ofthe "Citizens' Patriotic League" ofCovington, and it is the intention ofthe committee on arrangements tomake this the largest public demonstration ever held in Nbrth Kentucky. Speakers of national reputation have been procured to addressthe gathering. Senator Wm. H.Kins:, of Utah: Gov. James M. Cox,of Ohio, and Edwin P. Morrow, ofKentucky, will be the speakers.Two military bands will give concerts. A mixed chorus of 300 voiceswill render patriotic songs.Every American, citizen and hisfamily, all patriotic societies, fraternal orders, all civic organizationsand the members of all churches ofevery denomination are urged to bepresent. 'Everyone is urged not onlyto come to this meeting, but to bringa flag is the announcement.fe te te?s feTRYING TO BEST CANTRILLCongressman James CampbellCantrill will have no opposition inhis own party for re-election, but itis said that a young barrister to fortune and fame unknown, one E. N.Casey, of Lexington, will be chosenby the Republicans to pit againsthim. He must be a very green andunsophisticated youth to permit himself to go up against such sure defeat as awaits him. He should havebeen warned by the fate of one R.Lee Murphy and others who buttedtheir heads against J. Campbell.Mr. Cantrill.'s unwavering support Iof President Wilson s plans and hissplendid service in Congress entitleshim to the support of every patriotand the leaders of the Republicanparty should see that he is returnedunopposed.Doubtless the Lord's self-appointedpartner, the Kaiser, would insistthat his friends were doing a pious'duty in, crucifying those Belgiannuns.CAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons. jiEOT AND COLD BATHS.At the Alamo Children5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.SOLDIERS ABROAD OBSERVE MAY12 AS MOTHER'S DAY"Mother's Day" a day on whichevery soldier of the American expeditionary forces, young and old, highand low, is exepcted to write hometo mother has been fixed far May12. The idea originated with theStars and Stripes, the official newspaper of the American forces inEurope, and was approved by headquarters, which is doing everythingpossible to help it along.The postoffice is rising to the occasion,, and the Young Men's Chufetion Association has promised thaton that date its huts will be stockedwith an inexhaustible supply of yriting paper. The censors have decidedto work overtime, until midnight ifnecessary, so that the letters will bespeeded to the United States withoutdelay.The experience of the army postoffice has taught that the motherscome first in the soldiers' thoughts,and so has decided to make everypossible effort that every mother inAmerica whose son is in France shallreceive tidings from her "boy." Thusthe date especially set apart for thepurpose.Mothers may expect their lettersto begin arriving early in June. Soldiers in the front-line trenches willbe given every opportunity to scribble a few lines to their mothers,which will be hurried to the rear andrushed along to their destination.All other business will be put asideexcept that of fighting the Germans.On that day the mothers will be uppermost in the minds of the soldiers.The letters will be marked "Mother'sLetter" on .the envelopes and will begiven preference over all other mailmatter.5Beauty andEconomyissss lOVERnificentoffered. All Fashion's latest decrees for this Spring's correct dressers on sale tomorrow (Saturday) at a fraction oftheir cost. You can readily understand that buying forcash, not only for our retail stores, but for our mammothwholesale house, gives us a purchasing power un equaledanwhere, making us the absoluteSHOE CENTERFOR ECONOMY 'Come in tomorrow, be correctly shod for Spring at a bissavinsLadies' Mahogany Tan Bootsand OxfordsLadies' Gray Boots andPumpsLadies' Black English Boots andOxfordsLadies' Assorted Shoes, Oxfords- and Pumps '.LADIES' HIGH GRADE BOOTS.ATDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWITHOUT RIFLE AMERICANE3LIS FULL ARMED FOE. . .Two interesting letters from Corporal Arthur C. Traylor, of Freeport,L. I., a member of the One Hundredand Sixty-fifth Infantry of the Rainbow Division, and one of the firstAmerican soldiers wounded in.France, has reached this country.One was to his- father and the otherto his sister, Mrs. Frederick Menke,of 930 St. Nicholas avenue.Young Trayler was wounded inFebruary and his letters were written the middle of last month from theJ hospital where he is recovering. Hegives an excellent idea of the spiritof the Americans in France. Hewrote that although he had thirteenshrapnel wounds he was feeling pretty fair, aind that he was even thencounting the days before he wouldbe able to get back in the trenches.In the letter to his sister Trayertells of a hand-to-hand struggle hewitnessed between a big six-foot ladfrom Ohio and a German. "In someway," Trayer wrote, "the Ohio boylost Iris rifle in climbing out of atrench. A husky German was almoston top of him with his bayonet whenhe suddenly took off his helmet andshied it at the Germain's head. TheHtrn ducked and before he knewwhat had happened the big boy wason top of him. In no time at all hehad that bayonet away from theGerman and he got his man."Corporal Trayer said" both Frenchand American surgeons had operatedon. him and that at tliB time he waswriting they had extracted all butone piece of the shrapnel. He added they expected to remove that the-next day:Go HandIn Hand!Never beforehave such magfootwear never such styleJust a Few of the Many$3.95Men's Dark Tan English Shoes and f- aaOxfords, Walk-Over $0.1)1)Men's Tan and Black Shoes and tQ A(Oxfords, good makes $$.4llMen's Gun Metal Button tO AH to AQand Lace Shoes y &&"$&&&Boys' Gun Metal Lace and i aa taButton Shoes... $l.!K)-$L7!l$3.49$2.99$1.95All the Leading Colors in the Latest StylishOXFORDSTHE LOWEST PRICESCOHEN. Where Beauty and Economy Reign92 CENTS AN HOUR EARNED BYGARDENERS IN OHIO.One large manufacturing concernin Ohio provided gardens for its employes in 1817, and required them tokeep an accurate record of the timespent working the gardens and thevalue of the crop grown.At the end of the season the resultsshowed that the gardeners had received 9 2 cents an hour for theirspare time spent in the gardens.Another large manufacturing concern in Illinois plowed up a prize 40acre alfalfa field and divided it intogarden plots for the use of its employes. The results obtained fromthis garden plot far exceeded the expectations of both the company andits employes.Manufacturers all over the countryare providing gardens for their employes this year, according to reportsto the United States Department ofAgriculture.COMMENCEMENT WEEK CLOSESONE DAY EARLIER.University of Kentucky Commencement week for the class of 1918 willbegin June 2, and closes with thegraduating exercises, which willtake place Wednesday, June 5, instead of Thursday, June 6", as announced In the catalog.The entire staff and senior classof the University will take part inall the exercises and will appear incaps and gowns for the graduationdav program.The speaker for the occasion hasnot been selected, nor have all plansyet been completed for the week.5Jand quality beenBargains&& fz L '.L0PUMPS&- T '-,:.j&?Vv.?3hirv