-iA,THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FETUY IN THE "YEAR.- .1 SlfcJ 1:5u " "J!M yr-vVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27. 1918WTI k'jma1s'fTniLV r TTPjWavREDCROSS ROLL CALL TO BEEXTENDED.EEEE USE OF Y. M. C. A. POR HETURNED SOLDIERS.Owing to bad weather conditions,the influenza ban and othervdeterrentcauses, the Red Cross ""Christmas RollGail has been extended to January10, 1919, in which time it is hopedBourbon county will reach the 4,000membership mark. The followingletter to Mrs. Frank P. Lowry, charraan of this county, explains the reasons for continuing the campaign:"December 23, 1913"'Mrs. P. Frank Lowry, Chairman,"Paris, Ky."Bad weather, bad roads and influenza have seriously effected theChristmas Roll Call in many counties. To-day I have numerous requests from over the State earnestlyurging that additional time be givento put their counties over the top.They are confiedent their people willjoin the Red Cross if they are givensufficient time to reach them. Cleveland advises me this morning that inmany States where influenza andother conditions have prevented athorough canvass, the time will beextended until January 10th."Propaganda detrimental to thecause has been circulated in manysections of the country with a viewof injuring the Red Cross ChristmasRoll Call. The argument that thework of the Red Cross is over hasbeen destructive and the people mustknow that there is a greater workahead for the Red Cross than everbefore, both at home and abroad."Kentucky is almost in sight of itsgoal, its splendid record in the pastin all war activities must not besmirched by its failure to answer thecall of the "Greatest Mother in the"World." Keep your organization intact and prepare for a canvass thatwill reach every adult in your countybefore January 10th and place Kentucky on the Honor Roll with hersister States."Yours for the success ofChristmas Roll Call."MACKENZIE R. TODD."Manager Christmas Roll CallKentucky."The everv-member canvassmembers in the Red Cross ChristmasRoll Call, which began on Monday,December 16, closed last Monday, December, 23, with a total membershipof 3.317 adults and 353 children.The crrnpaign resulted in a total of$3,455.25 being turned into thetreasury. Mr. A. P. Adair took a lifemembership in the Red Cross forwhich he turned in $50.Last year the membership on theclosing day totaled 3,276, each cneof which paid in one dollar. A number of persons have joined since theclose of the campaign and it is hopedFor the entire duration of the warthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. hasbeen pleased to tender, free ofcharge, the equipment, baths, andclean, fresh beds to any man in theservice. Now that the boys are coming home and with a pride for theirphysical fitness, the Y. M. C. A. takespleasure in offering them the use ofthe Association's equipment andprivileges, so when your boy or yourneighbor's boy comes home call anyof the Secretaries of the local Association, give them his name and address, and a complimentary membership ticket will be sent them.If you have "enlisted men" asguests at your home let the "Y"know it and he will be welcomed andextended the privileges also. Helpthe Y. M. C. A. in their efforts toshow the boys how much we appreciate the great service they have rendered us. Help us to not miss a singleone. Phone us after the home welcomes are over, and we will send ourwelcome and the membership ticket.Cumberland phones, 1033 and 1051,Home phone IS.IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. James, ofFourth street, have as their guestMr. Walter Phillips, who has beenstationed for several months at theGreat Lakes Naval Training 'Station,near Chicago. jDr. Elmer Swetnam, who has beenin the Medical Corps of the TJ. S.army, and stationed at Ft. Oglethorpe, Georgia, has received his honorable discharge and has returned toCenterville, to resume his practice.PEN WIELDERS TO MEET IN LOUISVILLE DEC. 27-28.theforforThe annual midwinter meeting ofthe Kentucky Press Association willbe held Friday and Saturday at TheSeelbach.President D. M. Hutton will callthe first business session to order at10 o'clock on the morning of December 27. The address of welcome willbe delivered by Mayor Smith. Theresponse will be made by Col. E. PolkJohnson, life (member of the K. P. A.Judge Robert W. Bingham, publisher of the Courier-Journal and TheLouisville Times, will address the editors in the afternoon of the firstday's" session.On Friday evening the members ofthe association will be entertainedwith a dinner at the Louisville-OldInn Hotel. The dinner will be followed by a theatre party. On Saturday morning a trip in automobilesto Camp Zachary Taylor will bemade.Private Hord Lovell, who is in abase hospital in France, writes to hisfather, Mr. M. B. Lovell, of near thiscity, that his wounded arm is getting along nicely, and that he expects, or at least hopes, to be back inBourbon county soon.Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay havereceived a cablegram from their son,Private Douglas Clay, who is in England with the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40. The cablegrambore this terse message: "Well andhearty. Happy Christmas."for them in relieving distress andmisery, and the soldiers grew so fondof the Red Cross that they eyenswore by it.Corporal J. Ford Fithian, who isstatidned at Camp Meade, in Virginia, came in yesterday for a visit tohis mother, Mrs. Mayme Fithian, andfamily, on Mt. Airy avenue. Corporal Fithian is looking fine, and isin excellent health. He says he isjust as patriotic as ever, but would Jlike to be a plain civilian again, nowthat the "prospects for going over thewaters is a thing of the past.AT THE MOVIES.Its "oh joy, ain't it the gloriousfeeling" when Paris people reflectover how long they were kept awayfrom the movies, and now that theinfluenza ban has been lifted, all isserene again.Wendensday afternoon the firstl movie show at The Alamo since theban went on in October drew crowded houses at each performance, andone ofCoroner Rudolph Davis isthe proudest men in town.Because in his Christmas mail yesterday he received a bulky package,which proved to be a Germanhelmet, made of steel, weighing thieepounds. There was no identificationmark on the package, and "Roxie"does not know who sent him thesouvenir. The nice little sunbonnetis painted an olive color and hasheavy leather straps on the insideto take part of the weight from thewearer's head. The name "Coebel,"is written in ink on the leathersweat-band, that being probably thename of the Hun who once wore it.the same at night at The Grand.Excellent music was rendered by theVan Leeuwee Orchestra, of six artists, who presented a pleasing program of (musical numbers at eachshow. The orchestra is composed ofEnsign J. Monroe Sweeney, whois stationed at Norfolk, Va., in theBalloon Department of the Naval AirStation, sends THE 1EWS a Christmas greeting in the form of a foldershowing scenes from the air service,taken on the field near HamptonRoads, Va.BACK TO SCHOOL ON NEXT MONDAY.Whj ? l the following under the direction of-tiawara van .ueeuwee; niawara vanLeeuwee, director, cornet; Mrs.Damm, clarionet; Harry Damm, violin; waiter Woods, piano; AloisBuschle, cello; Fred Wiessler, drumand traps.The bill for the remainder of theweek is as follows:To-day, Friday, December 27Ethel Clayton in "The Girl who CameBack," Ruth Jtoland, in eighth episode of "Hands Up."To-morrow, Saturday, December28 Mae Marsh, in "The GloriousAdventure;" Bill Parsons Comedy,"Birds of a Feather."Monday, December 30 "TheEagle's Mate;" Max Sennett Comedy,"The Summer Girls."that by the close of. the time giveneveryone not a member may do so. Itis very much desired that by thetenth of January the Bourbon CountyChapter together will be able to report a total of 4,000 members.Mr. Edward R. Eales arrived Friday night from Pensacola, Florida,where he has been stationed for ninemonths in the Government service.He was made Supply Sergeant whilein the camp at Pensacola. Hisbrother, Frazier Eales, has been inFrance for more than a year, andnothing has been heard from himsince last August.An interesting relic of the greatworld war is on exhibition in theshow window of the John Merringerplumbing establishment. It is a German three-inch shell, picked up onthe battlefield at Verdun by PrivateWilson Newhall, son of Mr. JosephXewhall, of thi city, and sent tohim. T'ne si; ell shows evidences ofhaving come in contact with somethingL being considerably scarred andbatter in places. It is a mosjintoresting and'-valuable souvenir and isattracting a great deal of attenticn.STATE RACING COJOaMOJrFORMULATES NEW RULESPupils of the Paris schools whohave been having a good time intheir enforced vacation since the official ban was placed on them by theState Board of Health will grasptheir books and hurry back to schoolon next Monday morning, December30. By order of the Board of Healthhe ban has hpr lifted nnri Hipyoung knowledge seekers will again J Christmas Day by the American Corn-take up the interrupted thread ofDECORATED GRAVES OP AMERICAN HEROES.More than 3,000 graves of American soldiers were decorated onThe Kentucky State Racing: Commission, all members present aadChairman Johnson N. Camden presiding, met in Lexington, Tuesday. Aspecial committeet composed of Thos.A. Combs. J. O. Keene and ThomasB. Cromwell, appointed by the Chairman about 10 days ago, made a report recommending increases In th&added money to purses and stakes;:that the racing associations eitherabolish the practice of issuing forfeits or assume the forfeits; that menwho make a business of timing horsesand conveying the information toothers with a view to inducing" them,to bet upon horse races be deniedthe privileges of all race courses inthis State; that the practice of charging stall rent during race meetingsbe abolished and that the associationsprovide kitchens for all owners ofstables desiring to board their employees on the grounds.These recommendations were received and are to lie over 30 days.Meanwhile the committee is to havea conference with the track, managers"relative to the basis upon which, theirrecommendations for increased stakesand purses were made.A resolution that the scale "ofweights for tracks licensed by theKentucky State Racing Commissionbe uniform with the Jockey Club's-scale of weights was introduced byCommissioner J. O. Keene and willlie over 30 days.oTHE WAR INDUSTRIES BOARDCANCELS ALL RESTRICTIONStheir studiesCertain restrictions will be observed regarding children who aresick and who have colds, as theymust remain away from school. Theschools have been kept in good shape,considering the influenza handicap.Small groups of students have beentaken at different times, and much ofthe work has been kept up. Two newlabratories are now ready for use.The kindergarten work will beginunder the supervision of Miss EllenBlanding, a kindergarten graduate.Many new students will enter "theopening of the schools.Miss Frances Butler, teacher ofscience, is now offering four years-cf science with laboratory work andis making the work attractive.iISSergt. Samuel Robertson, of nearMillersburg, who was recently reported killed in action in France, andwho later wrote to his father, Mr. A.O. Robertson, that he was alive andwell, has been reported in the officialGovernment casualty lists as bemgseriously wounded. Robertson wasthe first Bourbon county boy to bereported killed in action overseas,the infoitmation to that effect beingsent to his father from the War Department relative to the Governmentinsurance carried by his son. WhHethese papers were being prepared Mr.Robertson received a letter from hisson, dated October 20 in which hestated that he was in the best ofhealth.mittee for Devastated France. In tneregion between Laon and ChateauThierry, where the graves were decorated, the committe also provided aChristmas festival for 6,000 children.Christmas stockings, filled withcandy, toys and games sent fromAmerica, were distributed, eachchild, in addition, being given somearticle of clothing, mittens or amuffler.Two hundred children who havereturned to the ruined village ofCercy will receive complete outfits ofclothing so that they will be able toreturn to school. The committee isalso arranging Christmas festivitiesvt Laon, Soissons, Paris and other! French cities.Formal announcement has been,made of the cancellation of all restrictions and orders of the war industries board effective January 1,and the withdrawal of all pledgesmade by industries at the instance ofthe Board.Notice of the dissolution, of theBoard on January i. was given several weeks ago with the resignationof Bernard M. Baroch as Chairman.and its acceptance by President Wilson to become effective on that date,oPersonally we try to think well ofall the newly-born nations, but somehow we can't convince ourselves thatthere is much fun in being a Finn.ajJtoMmrodfltfl"WE KNOW HOW"1l!flmA Sincere WishMAY THE JOY OP HOLIDAY SEASON BE YOURS WITHOUT MEASURE; AND THE COMING YEAR BE PULEDWITH PROSPERITY AND HAPPINESS.THE PAST YEAR, THOUGH ONE OF "TRYING TIMES,"HAS BEEN THE'BEST OP OUR BUSINESS CAREER.MAY YOUR PATRONAGE CONTINUE TO STIMULATEOUR GROWTH AND MAY OUR SERVICE ENABLE US TOMERIT IT ALL THE MORETHE A. X WINTERS CO.The family- of the late Capt.Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., who diedin battle in the front line in France,have sent out beautifully engravedcards, acknowledging expressions ofsympathy from sorrowing and sympathetic friends and acquaintances.The cards bear the following- message: "The day has come when Americais privileged to spend her blood andher (might , for the priciples that guveher birth and happiness.It is a great comfortto the family ofCaptain Reuben B. Hutchcraftto have had yourexpression of sympathy."- $!g?. '-itVKM im4t f S- 1-&MM'RNlMrMyLucien Arnsparger, -of Paris, whowent to France with the AmbulanceCorps, from Camp Sherman, nearI Chillecothe, has received promotionto the rank of Lieutenant, and assigned to duty in the 145th Infantry"over there." Lieut. Arnsparger'spromotion jwas mentioned in the official reports as having been conferredbecause of "distinguished courageand bravery in the service while under fire." Lieut. Arnsparger was inthe Thirty-fifth Division, and madean enviable record while a member ofthe Ambulance Corps. In a letter toTHE NEWS some time ago from Private H. R. Whitridge, he mentionedmeeting Arnsparger, and that .he hadbeen carried to the Base Hospital byhim and his wounds dressed fcyArnsparger. THE NEWS congratulates and salutes Lieutenant LucienArnsparger.Maj. Richard T. "jClark arrivedWednesday from Camp Lee, Virginia,on & five-days' furlough visit to hismother, Mrs. Kate Clark, and family.Maj. Clark is-a member of the Dental Corps t Camp Lee, having beentransferred there after long -servicein the, cantonments at Texas, Arizona, New Mexico x and California,also in the Philippines. "Tal" wasa welcome caller at THE NEWSoffice yesterday. He spoke meat enthusiastically of the great work theRed Cross had done . in the Philippines, and in the army-tamps, andtermed it "truly the greatest humaneworkers the world ever knew." Maj.Clark said that during "the influenza epidemic at Camp Lee the RedCross showed its superiority. Theirnurses and attendants were" angels inhuman, form. Nothing w&stoo much Jf. -At 4rTHANK YOU& iWE DESIRE TO EXTEND TO OUR MANY CUSTOMERSONE AND ALL OUR SINCERE APPRECIATION OP THEVERY GENEROUS PATRONAGE WITH WHICH YOU HAVEPAVORED US THE PAST YEAR." WE WISH EVERYBODY APROSPEROUS NEW YEAR.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.I tV PAVORED US THE PAST YEAR.' WE WISH EVERYBODY A t B1 -"5 PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR. BI , ? n - MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE. . . V1 !- - 1a - -t EI -?' - - H1, ;&'" v -.;,:, vwJir- - i. B3J .' -''( - j. , JI MlllMmMMttttttttttrtttttttttftfTTTTfTf 5J'. B1 . . i - .1 ' '1. "' '. - . ' - .;- '. --. B1 " . .-' . - , -. D3 ' - - .j HI1N.- rPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYFRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 1913.'IKE BOURBON NEWSKttfcblisued 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationWjlished Every Tuesday and PridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.IJWifcT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.pfctered at the Paris, Kentucky,i Postoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ouy person, firm or corporation which.pmj appear in the columns of THEPOURBON NEWS will.be gladly corpacted If brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perch for first time; 50 cents per inchaach subsequent insertion.. Reading Notices, 10 cents per linoasvch Issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candijlatea, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reset vedto .decline any advertisement or otherBiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied byJthe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.How Can Yon Reconstruct Destruction? "With the shutters pulled down mthe American shooting gallery theperiod of taking inventories is uponus, and the balance sheet displayedat the Reconstruction Congress convened at Atlantic City tells somestartling tales. While many industries have profited immensely fromtha war, there is also a trail of destruction, and the industrial casualitj list reveals the fact that a largepart of the public utilities of the United Sates went into the war withouthullets for their guns. While Mr.McAdoo was saving the railroad situation by shooting up the charges forservice thirty or forty per-cent, thestreet railroads, lighting and powerplants were struggling along underconditions that have been carryingthem, toward the same fate that overtook the classic one hoss-shay. Thesixtyvthree per cent, of the electricrailway lines of the United States hassuffered a falling off in net income, ofeighty-two per cent for the first sixpionths of 1918 as compared with thecorresponding period of 1917. Material and labor costs have brougntthe utilities almost to the verge .ofdestruction, and these important features of civic and industrial life haveturned to the communities that theyBerve for relief from-, onerous conditions. While the world talks "reconstruction," the local application ofthe principle seems difficult to applyand the politicias pop up promiscously in every locality to tell theutility man that, "well, you made abargain, now stick to it" Reconstruction, to their minds, is intended forEurope, Asia and Africa, or anyother old place except home. TheAmerican Electric Railway Association has set on foot a- movement tomalifc an analysis ofthe reconstruction: problems relating to local franchises, with a view of bringing abouta. radical revision of the existing arrangements. The stern fact thatconfronts the public with respect topublic utilities calls for a remodelingf .the existing arrangements betweenthe -operators and the owners of theproperties and 'the communities theyserve, if destruction of this greatnational activity is to be avoided.Reconstruction At Atlantic City.The assembled enterprises of thecountry which have been called"war industries," agreed that theirleaders should meet at Atlantic Cityfor the purpose of holding a postmortem upon Government war ordersand contracts, and for the more' valuable object of determining "what'sto he done about it." "The Breakers," the finest hotel on AtlanticCity in winter-time over worked humainly evolved valuation plans forIndustrial reconstruction. WhenAtlantic City captures one of the biggest gatherings of the country theproof is no longer lacking that tneplace is an all-year round resort.Our "War Industries" scored greatachievements for Uncle Sam, andtfiei rrate of speed was hitherto unknown in the history of the country. But the "expected" Anally hapsenad only it camera 'little soonerthan was anticipatfcd.vAs-a result theiiiversifLed interests of the countryelected to have a "talk-fest," and inorder to get a place that would holdalL this vast throng of busy businessmen and give them a needed respitefrom their labors, Atlantic City waspicked out as the meeting place forwhat proves to be one of the mostvaluable conventions of the kind thatfeaa beea. held in many a long day.A American industry rolled upIts aleeves and went to war so willJLusrickn iadustry tackle in anat &lly efficient maaner the newyrojrieaas of reconstruction ana peace.ttlf fery attUair that "industrials re-constructions" should have been institutedSat The Breakers -and its coldeagues in fine.hoteldom at AtlanticCity.Wanted A Policy.Congress spends considerable timedebating as to whether the war isover, but that is about as far as thelaw-making body appears to get.This ship of State is floundering inchoppy seas, and with the pilot mEurope there appears to bo no wayof steadying the wobbly craft.It is doubtful if there has everbeen a time when there have been somany inconsistencies in Governmentas now. The food and fuel administrations, which were deemed so essential, are crumbling. The WarLabor Board is practically on theshelf, notwithstanding the fact thatcontracts for war work have beencancelled, throwing vast armies ofworkmen out of employment andthreatening the credit of many concerns that have dropped everythingin order to serve their country. Government control of prices has almostpassed. The total cost of the war forAmerica up to November, was $20,500,000,000, and the capacity ofCongress seems to be taxed to its utmost in finding a way for the futuie.The steel pen and the War Industries Board have been in conference,and the result is that competitiveconditions within this great industryare to be restored after January 1.Summing up the industrial situation one finds that the whole industrial machinery of the country is being set adrift. The war industrieshave accepted thjs condition, and atthe Atlantic City gathering theirproblems were analyzed, and remedial methods -were provided as far aspossible. The Government whichwas so all-wise in going to waroffers no solution about how to getback to peace. The country is askedto accept as an excuse for holdingthe boys in idleness in the camps theexplanation that it is done to relievewhat Mr. McAdoo, describes in another instance as "uncertainty andferment."Don't Ask Washington If You WantTo Know! 'A lot of good it will do to askWashington what is to be done aboutthings! If the President had. onlysuggested something in his addressto Congress it would have started opposition, at least. But as mattersstand Washington is on the borderedge betwen coma and cynicism.Its contrary-minded groups are prepared to oppose the, ratification of thepeace treaty, no matter what it maystand for. Reconstruction is principally a myth. The Capital talks aboutthe British plan headed by a Ministry of Reconstructions and supportedby a large number of commissions.The Capital also talks about committees of the Senate and House. Ittalks of using existing Governmentagencies and Departments to someextent. But though matters are extremely pressing, Washington hasn'tshown enough initiative since thesigning of the armistice to entitle itto a paragraph on the pages of theHistory of Democracy. Now thesestatements are not politics they aretruths, and this ought to be the dayof truthtelling. It is not a questionof what the Democrats have done, orwhat the Republicans have done.The record shows that the wholebunch of them have done practicallynothing.DOUBT DISAPPEARSNo One- In Paris Who Has aBadBack Should Ignore ThisDouble Proof.Does your back ever ache?Have you suspected1 your kidneys?Backache is sometimes kidney ache.With it may come dizzy spellsSleepless nights, tired, dull days,Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested bytime.Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenth St.,Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at times my kineysweak and inactive I heard aboutDoan's Kidney Pills and used thornand they soon had me feeling betterin every way."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1916, she said:"I still use D&an's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills--the same thatMrs. Newman had. , Foster-MilbuvnCo. Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)6.000.000 DIED OP THE PLU INPAST THREE MONTHSThe London Times' medical correspondent says that it seems reasonable'to believe that throughout the worldabout 6,000,000 persons perishedfrom influenza and pneumonia during the past three months.It has been estimated that the warcaused death of 20,000,000 personsin four and one-half years. Thus, thecorrespondent points out, influenzahas proved itself five times deadlierI than war, because in the same period,at its epiaesuc rate innuenza wouldhave killed '100,000,000. Neversince the black death has such aplague 'swept over the world, he says,adding1 that the need of a new survey.of public health (measures have neverbwrraore forcibly Illustrated.FOR GOLDSAND GRIPPEDOCTORS ADVISEThe Improved Calomel Tablet ThatIs Entirely Purified of All Nauseating and Dangerous Qualities.Physicians are warning the publicagainst trifling with colds, influenzaand grippe. They say that a briskpurgative, preferably Calotabs, thenew and improved calomel tablet,should be invaribly taken at bedtime and repeated the second orthird night, if necessary. In theearliest stages, one Calotab is usually sufficient unless the case is particularly severe.Physicians say it is a waste oftime and is dangerous to experimentwith other laxatives, as calomel is absolutely necessary sooner or later.One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. .No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with diet, wo.kor pleasures. Next morning yourwhole system is purified and refreshed. Calotabs are sold only in originalpackages. Price thirty-five cents.Recommended and guaranteed bydruggists every where. Price refunded if you are not delighted.(adv)HUNTING LICENSES EXPIREWITH THE YEAR."There are a good many people under the imprsession that huntinglicenses do not expire with the year,"said County Clerk Pearce Paton."Licenses that were issued this yeargo out of existence at midnight December 31. At the same time thehunting of partridges is forbidden.In order to hunt game in season nextyear new licenses will have to ' beprocured from the County Clerk.Owners of hunting dogs, as well asother kinds of dogs, should familiarize themselves with the licenses lequired as the law is very strict inthat particular." 'DRAFT BOARDS THANKED FORUNSELFISH LABORSLocal boards will not be employedin the demobilization of the army,Maj. Henry F. Rhodes announced ina bulletin, following instructionsfrom Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder, and they are urged to diligence in completing their reports andseeing that all their records are correct. In a bulletin to medical advisoryboards, announcing that they needmake no further examinations, Maj.Rhodes said:"I take this means of expressingmy sincere appreciation of the heartyco-operation that has been showr inthe execution of the selective servicelaw."Each member of these boards rendering a service that cannot be measured in dollars and cents and rendering it without any remunerationwhatever, may now look back uponyour work of the past few monthsrealzing that you have assisted yourGovernment in the time of its greatest need and to you must come a feeling that your difficult task has beenperformed in such a manner as to reflect credit and bestow honor uponyou."BOUND TO CELEBRATE.Stories are beginning to come inconcerning the Independence day celebration in France. It seems, thatFrench patriotism far outstripped thesupply of American flags. But "dra-peaux-yakees,"home-made out ofred, white and blue gingham .shirting, hanging from the doors of homesand small shops, give proof not onlyof French regard for their new allies, but also of their ingenuity aswell.One such flag hung from a -wineshop near one of the Americancamps. A brand-new cotton dresshad been sacrificed to make the patriotic display. On the blue fieldthere was not room enough for allthe stars that represent the States inthe American Union, while in theflag there was a myriad of red andwhite stripes such as any ordinarygingham dress would exploit.But with its scarcity of stars andthe superabundance of stripes, thesentiment of the flag and all it standsfor were there.A French yachtsman, meeting aSpiker man in a village, asked hishelp in purchasing a flag. A tourof all the stores in a large city failedto find a single American banner."Never mind further search," theyachtsman wrote later, "I have engaged a milliner to sew me one by jhand."OLD KENTUCKY WAITING TO, ? WELCOME SONS HOME.In a telegram to New York papers, in response to a request for amessage from him to returning Kentucky soldiers for their debarkation.Gov. Stanley said:"Old Kentucky with open armswelcomes home her idol sons."Martial sons of (martial sires, thehave proven themselves worthy of thefinest traditions of a Commonwealthfamed in song and story."There is upon this continent nofield of fame" that is not incarnadined by a Kentuckian's blood, anda great State" has a new and 'justcause for pride.5th Liberty LoanIs Being AssailedBy PropagandistsbsssbssssbbssbbbbbIIl iiH3BI'D. .C. Wills.YB are not detracting one bit4iV from the great glory of victory when we say that ,tbe UnitedStates, in a measure, emerges fromthis war a burnt child," said D. C.Wills, , chairman of the Central Liberty Loan Committee ot .Qua Federal'Reserve District in a recent interview in Cleveland."And as the burnt child avoids theftre so must we be ever on the atert,ever wahfol of that despicable,treacherous fire which singed us in Bemany places propaganda," Wills'statement continued."Until all oar war obGgationa, allour post-war obligations are cleanedoff the slate, we mast continue downthe straight road of thrift, avoidingall the frogs, svttcbea, -sidetracks andspread rails with which enemy-ta-apiredgossip and ramor wilf besetonr track.-"One of the carry and insidiousstories of tais kind which has cometo me is the tale that the Fifth Liberty Loan is to be taken op by thebankers that the people will not becalled. upon to buy bonds.."Thai lie most be nailed now.The Fifth Loan win not be floatedantll April, but preparation for itmust be undertaken immediately.It win be a popular loan jaet asthe others were ami the peoplewill be called upon to subscribeto it just as they have been m thepast.1 do not believe any great amountot counsel is necessary to the averageAmerican along the lines of thrift andinvestment in government securities.I believe Ow lessons of the loans dorins; the war have taagat him the superiority ot Liberty Bonds as a safe,sane and lnermirre investment and hewould 'Consider it unfair of the government not, to give him this Bassosof patting by for the fntaxe.THRIFT MUST STILL"While Reading Good NewsFrom. Europe Sit Tight OnEconomy," Says WriterIt isidTyat tfsaeta'let'abwa thatars sod aacskl sc yam soar to inefioed. 'Tb - rasjnl i j welfare .cornUnaas to lepras! to a serfcxas degreeapos the ttrsft. at ft people.Tfce Saturday Broiling Post eeensufssi this xs4 is. a rsesot editorial ia vfctcfc It accsttd tta asrsssstyfor a 'FCth Liberty Los, dtia Owfact Uatsren wfcen all yrsccieds ofthe- Tomrth Loan ead sll current taxesare spent -ww stfll face a deficit."Reports from sseay cities indicUethat sfe are building; at only a quarterer a third of oar normal rat," the editorial says. Tkere sr big arrearsto make up. Road improremecits andm&xDberfess things are deferred. Nonew that cam come ostt of Europewin haws any relevance to the present necessity for strictest economy athome."Brery weather ae .yon' see paintsin tke same eSrecUoa. In a mrtshfll,jVEfceo. a bank sets hard up ft redlsifriaatB ' paasr at a Faster! BaecrrsBank. The-rafcaw of Feferei Reana nacoamts is a anlsais of tha! ti earn u aaoa eradtt. Wkem tfceFoarfh- Utarty Iatf cassias smarted ttatoJlMosjcaal riam froalUs-dollars theofasMa'SBfft-ofstratterm.' "At1 the iftasdac' af the UsertyLoast eastpeis leasat at Near YorkCity ilMnlTBiBii aaaiaeaoaits ay eeeem sssadrat satmoaBE OUR WATCHWORDlis unat . .. m , m . 2 'Ian;''; 'Xtery daat yea smear Is a straw anjkkat load, m atj eatrsTaxaace assartpar a fiat.,Ws-raaaaac sjaoi means fraaa-Ea-eesassonr -.aiaiaa Tm b ayInsr THE DATS NEWS-PROM OLDKENTUCKY.- L. D. Harney, of the Olive Branchsection, has a cherry tree on his placethat certainly is a wonder for adapting itself to war conditions. Lastspring it had a bountiful crop, but,not satisfied and probably desiring toshow it was a patriotic tree, it againbloomed this fall and green cherriesformed and bid fair to develop intoluscious fruit. When peace came,however, it evidently decided its extra efforts were not needed, as thefrost that night nipped them and thefollowing day all of the green cherries dropped off. Can you beat it?Shelbyville News.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Parisa siver mesh purse. Finder returnto this office and receive reward.For Sale.Ford roadster, 1916 model; electric starter; electric lights; demountable rims; speedometer. Willsell cheap if taken at once.HARRY L. MITCHELL,(20-af) Paris, Ky.FOUND6n Tenth street, a rubber boot(left) with wool-lined moccasin inside. Owner can secure same by calling a.t Wilmoth & Co.'s grocery,proving property, and payingcharges. (20-tf)Gobblers For SaleWe have for immediate salo achoice lot of Pure White Hollandgobblers. Apply toMRS. J. STUART ROBERTS,Cumb. Phone 519. Paris, Ky.(20-3t)For Rent.Entire .flat or special rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with modernconveniences. Call at Busy Bee CashStore. (20-tf)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand People Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year. tSILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.(6-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourhonAgriculatural Bank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January6, 1919, between the hours of & a.m. and 3 p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashitr.(6-td)Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. .Mrs. Pearl Deaver PlaintiffVs. NOTICE' OF SALE.Mary Elizabeth Deaver, Etc ....Defendants. Under a-nd by virtue of a iuds:-jment and order of sale rendered attne iNovemoer, 1918, term of theBourbon Circuit Court in "the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, Jan. 4, 1919at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., will sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedproperty:Beginning at J, (see plat), astone in Sidney Clay's line S.80 5-8 W. 561 chains to K.,a stcnecorner to No. 2; thence with theline of No. 2 S. 2i E. 21.93chains to D., the middle of theParis and Jackstown turnpike;thence with the middle thereof N.44 E. 15.27 chains to N., acorner to No. 4; thence with lineof No. 4 N. 21 W. 17.57 chainsto the beginning, containing 30 10acres as aforesaid, being a portionof the land owned at the time of" his death by the late John H.Deaver.Said sale will he made upon thecredits of six and twelve momths, thapurchaser or v purchasers ' bains required to execute their two bonis forequal parts of the purchase oney,each to be approved by the MasterComjmissioner, due six and, twelvemonths from date of sale until paidand hearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent, per annum frohi date ofsale until paid, and having the 'forceand effect of judgments.Said sale is- made for the 'purposeof reinvestment ',0. TvHINTON,vw WVMM.UU -M. V. V. I(dec20-27-jan3)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmerand Traders' Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will me'et at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 6, 1919,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier(6-td)$125 A MONTHFor Men and WomenMen and women, ages 16 to 45who have finished eighth grade orits equivalent, are wanted, from eachcounty, for business positions payingup to $125 a month. Chances for promotion good. Experience NOT necessary. We train you. Mail this:-C0TFP0N-DRAUGHTON'S,BoxNashville,K-141.Tenn,Send particulars of your proposition. (Name)(Address)(16-4t)IRONWe pay highest prices for ironjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WTDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)For RentFive-room cottage at Hansonstreet and Lilleston avenue. Alsofurnished front room at Fourth andPleasant streets. Apply to(6-tf) MRS. R. M. HARRIS.Farm For Sale!Containing about 58 acres, twomiles from Paris, right at goodschool; on a splendid pike; having anew house, splendid orchard gooddairy, good barn, plenty of outbuildings in good repair, and never-failing-water.Eight acres in rye and therest in blue grass. Price, $300 peracre, and terms easy.(17-tf) J. B. CAYWOOD.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.C. G. Daugherty, Etc PlaintiffsVs. NOTICE OF SALE.George White Fithian, Etc.,DefendactsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November terjm, 191S, -of theBourbon Circuit Court, in the abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, Jan. 4, 1919at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 11 o'clock a, m., will sell atpublic auction to the highest andbest bidder, the following describedproperty:That certain lot of ground withthe buildings thereon, situated inParis, Bourbon County, Kentucky,on the north .side of East FifthStreet, and bounded and describedas follows, viz: Beginning 4t apoint in the north line of saidEast Fifth Street, midway betweenMain and Pleasant Streets and corner, to the property owned by theestate of C. A. Daugherty; thenceat right angles to East Fifth"Street in a northerly directionwith the lines of the property 5fC. A. Daugherty estate, Mitchell& Blakemore and the Singer 'estate, eighty-seven (87) feet moreor less to the line of the propertyowned by the Ingels heirs and occupied by a stable; thence alongthe line of said property in aneasterly direction forty-three (43)feet, more or less; thence parallelwith the first line above, eightyseven (87) feet, more or less, in asoutherly direction to East FifthStreet; then with the margin ofEast Fifth Street, in. a westerlydirection forty-three (43) feet,more or less, to the point of beginning, and being the same propertyoccupied by Drs. Fithian & Daugherty, now by Dr. Daugherty, as anoffice.Said sale will he made uoon thecredits of six and twelve pionths, foreoual narts of the nurchase monev.the purchaser or purchasers being reauirad to axecuta their two bondsirith good and approved surety forequal parts of the purchase priceeach, due six months and "twelvemomths from date of sale resaectirely, and haarinr data ofsals respectively, aaV baarimiLiater-et at the rate of six: aarannum from date of salesaid bonds to have the fofeet of .judgments, wit.tained upon the propertyfh TrwiiVmftTit: fhftrpof.J' ato TWxTmvikT "ir rt'-mh&rt riyTalbott k. Whitley, Attorneys: jiajB?per"sjsjyjsas,- . A n U 3LCwmHMpZ)-4i-6)XkS 'i- iK' ' 3 V-FRIDAY DECEMBER 27,-1919.THE BOURBOH HEWS, PARIS, EBHTffCXTKiGE'14Lr10VffffiJETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORSiiiviiHHMMMMhMMMMMM KMHlRKMhHhhHIIHMrs. Thomas Arkle, formerly ofParis! now residing in Lexington,has received the following letterf ropi ner son, Alvin Arkle, who ison board the U. S. S. Davis, now inEnglish waters, and who has beenin the service" several months:"Dear Mother: I have just received you letter and as the censorship has been removed I can answerit without its being censored. "Wehave just finished our tour of Europe and were at Holyhead, but wereordered back to Queenstown forThanksgiving. We are to have pie,ice cream and nuts, fruit and chickenfor dinner sounds well don't youthink?"I am on a torpedo boat destroyer,and it is a very stiff boat, havingtwelve torpedo tubes, four four-fcichrapid fire guns, two anti-craft anda one-pound rapid fire machine gun.We carry about sixty-four depthcKarges and seven depth 'charge cannon. The ship can make forty-fiveknots and that is fast to be movingthrough the water."One of the boys has just receiveda Christmas box and I helped him eatit. Believe me, the salted peanuts,candy and cake and the other thingstasted good to me. I have jmet anawfully nice girl in Holyhead, aboutthe best looking one I have seen overhere and as I met her in church jouknow she is a nice girl."We have no wine to drink, as the.navy does not stand for that. Ourmother ship is stationed at Queenstown, so that is our home. I havebeen promoted and am now coxswainof the captain's motor dory and draw$46.90 a month, but do not havemuch to spend. We will -not be homefor about six months but as we willbe in different ports every third dayit will not be monotonous and I willbe able to see some of the world."We have on board a Victrola, andhave sopne jazz music so we enjcyourselves. I am accustomed to theways of the English and like them,but the way they haul you about inJohnnie carts tickles me. Thiscountry is fifty years behind IheStates. I have been badly scaredseveral times, once when a torpedojust missed our bows by a few feet,and again when I was nearly washedoverboard and the worst was whenwo rammed another destroyer, anEnglish ship. ,"Your devoted son,"ALVIN."Mrs. Mollie James, of this city, isin receipt of a letter from her son,Cornelius (Buddie) James, who isstationed in French waters on aUnited States convoy ship. After detailing some personal matters, Jameswrites, in part, as follows:"Wje used to run convoys every fewdays between here and LaPallice. adistance of about 250 miles. Therewere three yachts and one destroyerto a .convoy, generally old trampsmaking about six or seven knots anhour. We never traveled at slight,except when "we couldn't make port.The first night out we would anchorat Tulimon, France. Just outside ofthis is Belle Isle, on which stands thehouse Sarah. Bernhardt was born in.About a poo-nth. or bo ago we weretransferred to lorient. France, anice little town about forty milesfrom St Nazaire. But now we areback in Brest with a deck of coal,thirty days stores and homeward-bound pennant waiting to be hoisted,and we will probably leave tor tneStates in about five or six days. Ittakes nineteen Bteaming days to NewYork, about thirty in all, as we haveto stop at the Azores Islands for coal,also the Bermudas. We expect to bein New York by the twentieth ofJanuary, and we will get a thirtydays' furlougn, when we get there, Iunderstand I don't think, I haveever told you, but since I came hereI was put on the bridge. Remainedthere about a month, and was ratedas second-class signalman, whichpays me $2.00 a month. It is muchbetter than deck work. . . .When Germany turned over their mine fieldcharts they found that in one placewe used to patrol there was over twohundred mines planted. No one everknows the danger we were in. . . .Don't get bridge and brig mixed up.Bridge is where the ship is navigatedfrom, and where all signals are received and sent out Brig is a prison.. . . .There has been a notice postedup that there will be no more. mailcensored, so I will see if I can't add alittle something of interest. Eversince the Covington was sunk up until a month or so ago we have beenstationed at Brest, France, not stationed, but that was our home ....Well, there's nothing more at presentto write about, so-I'll close, in thehope that I will see all of you soon."Yours,"BUDDIE.""C. W. James,"U. S. S. Remlick,"Care Postmaster, New York."oLOCAL BOARD OP HEALTH ISSUESMPOETAUT NOTICE.SOCIAL AND. PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and "Elsewhere.At a full meeting of the City Boardof Health, Friday afternoon, it wasordered that Mayo-Rosenow serum begiven to all who have not heretoforereceived it, or who have not had influenza. This order is made mandatory forthe reason that 225 per thousand persons without the inoculation arestricken, with it, eight.This marked immunity in favor ofserum treated persons is sufficient tojustify the Board of Health's decision. Go to your family physician asearly after reading this notice as ispossible. It is the one great safeguard for all interests, churches,schools and every form of business.The chiefest reason, however, beingthe protection of the health of thecommunity.The City or County, according tojurisdiction, will be asked to pay areasonable fee for services renderedto those unable to pay the ordinaryfee for others. Three innoculationsare necessary, to be given seven daysapartThe State Board of Health stronglyurges the immediate adoption ofthese measures. Let's have the heartiest support of every man, woiuanand child in the City and County.By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.(24-2t)oTRACTOR PLAYING IMPORTANTPART IN PARM WORK.The farm tractor is' coming toto play a more and more importantpart in the work of the farm. Thehigh cost of feed and work animalsand the large amount of necessaryidleness of work animals make thetractor a (more economical source ofpower on many farms. The Collegeof Agriculture of the University ofKentucky is giving special attentionto farm tractors and has a considerable -number of different makes whichwill be used in demonstrations during Farmers Week at the College,January 28 to 31.It should prove intensely interesting to farmers to be able to see theleading makes of tractors all together and doing various classes ofwork.A record price was paid for Madison county land when Circuit Courts'Clerk James Wagers purchased thesmall thirteen-acre farm of R. W.Rowland and Mrs. Sallie Lackley atWaco, for $8,600, or $660 per acreHarrodsburg Democrat.I "N. -'v-"' "" s" -i?T vNnreMomy?iThe"Bi& Idea"Somebody discovered thatmoney could be savedand comfort increased byusin Firestone Tires andhaving ns put them on. Andnow, See every "bi& idea" itis common property. Nowknowing motorists from nearand far are getting the benefit" in the safety, comfort andsaving whichrirestoneTires,plus our service means.Come in. Were ready.RugglesMotorCo.Cumberland Phont 602Paris, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. William Howard,of Richmond, are holiday guests orParis relatives.Mrs. Nettie Lail is in Detroit,Mich., to spend the holidays withher son, Mr. Lynn M. Lail.Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Kendricks, ofCincinnati, are holiday guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. C. Ruggles, at the HotelWindsor.Mrs. LT E. McClanahan is spending the holidays at the home of lierparents, Mr. and Mrs. William Par-ris, in Flemingsburg.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Butler arespending the holidays at Latonia asguests of their son, Mr. Henry Butler, and Mrs. Butler.Miss Clara Lou Buchanan, ofnear Clintonville, is visiting' herbrother, Mr. Clell Buchanan, nearCamden Junction, Ohio.Mr. Prank Farmer, of Oakdale,Tenn., is here to spend the holidayswith his family at the home of Mr.and Mrs. James Earlywine.Mis Irene Bramblette is at homefrom school to spend the holidayswith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. R.Bramblette, in White Addition.Mr. Harry Stivers, who hasbeen a guest of relatives in this cityand in Lexington for several days,has returned to Washington, D. C.Miss Elise Kidd has returned toher home in Frankfort, after a pleasant visit of several days with Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. Ossian Edwards, who hasbeen engaged in work for the UnitedStates Government at Indianapolis.Ind., is here to spend the holidayswith his family.'Former Mayor John T. Hinten, jwno nas been seriously ill at hishome on High street for some time,was reported yesterday as beingslightly improved.Mr. John Klump, who was lecently operated on at the Massie Memorial Hospital for appendicitis, hasbeen removed to his home nearEwalt's Cross Roads.Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Butler,Jr., are here from Verona, Ky., tospend the holidays with the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Butler, and other relatives.Dr. Marmaduke Brown, who isattending the, University of Virginia,has arrived to spend the holidayswith his father, Dr. J. T. Brown, andfamily on Cypress street.-Miss Florence Fee is at homefor the holidays from Washington, D.C, where she has a Government position, and is the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, of Fifthstreet,Mr. and Mrs. Hffjman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, are spending the holidays in Paris, as guests at the homeof Mrs. Wood's father, Mr. H. CWhaley, and family, on Cypressstreet.Mr. Harry Horton is at homefrom Henderson, N. C, where he hasbeen engaged with a large tobaccoflnm, to spend the holidays with hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. LawrenceHorton.The little daughter of Mr. andMrs. L. I. Smith, of Pensacola, Fla.,is ill at the home of Mr. and Mrs.F. P. Kiser, on Houston avenue,where her parents are visiting for theholidays.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Penn andL daughter, Miss Laura Frances Peun,wno have been guests of Mr. Penn'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Penn,have returned to their home in Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Maymie Wilmoth Ditch en'will arrive from Cleveland, Ohio, tomorrow to spend the remainder ofthe holiday season with her mother,Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth and members ofher family.Mr. and Mrs. William E. Clarkare moving into their hansome newho'me on Pleasant street, just turnedover by the contractors. It is on ofthe most up-to-date and cozy homeson that fine residence street.Prof. Prentice Lancaster, of theHarrison, Ohio, Public School faculty, is spending the holidays in thiscity .as a guest of his father, Mr.Charles J. Lancaster, and his brotherand sister, Fire Chief Ullman Lancaster rand Mrs. Frank- Burton.Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,who has been under treatment at theGood Samaritan Hospital in Cincinnati, for several weeks, has recovered sufficiently to be brought to hishome in this city. Mr. Clay statedthat, one of the chief pleasures heenjoyed during his stay at the GoodSamaritan was in receiving andreading THE NEWS.Mr. M. C. Browning, of Louisville, who has been temporarily assigned to special traffic work on theKentucky Division of the L. & TST.Railroad, with headquarters at Jx-iuswii, win mane nis nome m Parison account of this city being moreconvenient for his .new work. Mrs.Browning has rented the furnishedhome of Mrs. Richard Wills, on Highstreet, until she can made other arrangements. (Other Personals on Page 5)WH3EA'LT0 REMAIN $2.26 DESPTTE PEACE PACT.The guaranteed price for the 1919wheat, fixed at $2.26 a bushel, Chicago' basis, will stand, even thoughthe Lever Act, under which the pricewas fixed, should become inoperative through conclusion of peace, inthe opinion of the Food Administration. The administration issued a statement interpreting the Lever Act andpointing out that the law providesthat "all rights or liabilities underthis act arising before its tenmination shall continue and may be enforced In the same manner as if theact had not terminated." Wheatgrowers in many parts of the country, Tit was said, have become appreueusive uiai me guaranteed pricexue ivv crop nugnt be rescindedxnrougn conclusion of np.ar&CHRISTMAS EE SHIP BEINGS3,865 SOLDIERSIn a cold, driving rain that in noway dampened their ardor, 3,8 6 &American troops came into' port atNew York Christmas Eve aboard thebig French liner France, ChristmasEve ship of the fleet of transportsthat is bringing back the AmericanExpeditionary Forces. It ' was thefirst tijme that the La France hasbeen in this harbor since 1915.As the liner steamed up the riverthe men crowded the deck and rigging and sang "Home Sweet Home,""Dixie," "Hail, Hail, the Gang's AllHere," and answered their receptionfrom ashore with more enthusiasmthan has been displayed heretoforeon any transport. They seemedthoroughly to appreciate their goodfortune in getting back to Americabefore Christmas.Many of the troops were from Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Illinois and the District of Columbia.The total included 1,504 wounded,(men from nearly every State in the-funion, their injuries ranging frombullet wounds in arms and legs toshell shock and cases which will require months of treatment.There were in waiting at the docka military band and delegation fromthe canteen service from the RedCross. The enthusiams and "Homefor Christmas" spirit that was displayed during the trip up the harborwas more than doubled as the shiprounded into her berth.The appearance of the Red Cross,followed by the uniformed membersof the Salvation Army and other relief organizations' on the dockbrought forth a great outburst ofcheers from the happy soldiers.Greetings for TheNew YearhM-ITo those who have prospered, may more prosperity be theirs, and to those who haven't, wehope that the wheel of fortune may turn and allthe good things of life be theirs.We thank our friends for a very successfulbusiness during the year just ending.T. W. SPICERJACK DAILEY, PIONEERBLACK HILLS IS DEAD.OFJack Dailey, a steel nerved pioneer who capne to the Black Hillswhen population of this territory wasmade up of miners, gamblers, twogun men, mule skinners and daringwomen, is dead, and contrary ta allpredictions he died in a hospital withhis boots off.To the few old-timers still livingin this region or scattered aboutother parts of the country, the deathof Dailey marked the passing of oneof the coolest, bravest and most resourceful Irishmen that ever blazed atrail through the Northwest. As awit Dailey was considered supremein his day. As a ifghter, it was atone time a hundred to one bet thathe would never die in bed.About all that is known of Dailey 'searly life is that he drifted into' the'Black Hills in 1876. It was about 10years after the big gold strike andthe district was coastwise open. Theprincipal business poker and roulette was conducted with a bang,day and night.Dailey was as cool in a sky-limitpoker game as he was when bulletssprinkled -about him. In the longwinter days, when the snow was iiled so high that travelers neithercame to Deadwood nor left it.fortunespassed from hand to hand over thepoker table, and many strange talesare told of Dailey's lively career.One story is considered typical.Dailey was in a no-limit game onenight. A miner sitting opposite himwas considered the best bluffer inther Black Hills. Dailey wore a pairof new boots and they hurt his feet.When the game grew warm he removed his boots. Finally, Dailey andthe miner began tilting the pot until the other players one by onedropped out. Then Dailey's opponentpulled a heavy leather money bagfropi his pocket and slammed it onthe table, with the remark that hehave five of the best cards in theNortwest and intended to play themagainst the universe.Dailey was silent for a moment.Then he suddenly picked up one ofhis boots and slammed it on thetable."What are you trying to do?"shouted his opponent."There is just as much dust inthat boot of mine as there is in thatbag ofyourn," said Dailey calmly."I'll see what you got"The miner glared at Dailey andwithdrew his bag."You win," he snarled, and the'crowd roared.8e p 7imKAfter XmasClean-UpSaleOFOdds and Ends ofOur Xmas Stock.All new goods at bargainprices. AIso,aclena-up onLadies' and Misses' Suits,Coats, Shoes, Dresses,Skirts etc.To Our CustomersiMAY THE NEW YEAR HKD YOU YOUNGER IN SPIRITTHAN" YOU'VE EVER BEEEN, GROWING WITH INCREASING 2WISDOM INTO THE FULLEST STATURE OF MANHOOD; ANDDOWEBED THROUGH THE DAYS WITH AN EVER ABUNDANT PROSPERITY.Paris Gas & Electric Co(Incorporated.)It is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterCOAL IS SCARCE1You will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.LOWRY&MAYiXXieK5KGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.1XSBXI9 9iTwin Bros.Department Store?ricefor J Main and 7th Paris, Ky.4GreetingsWe desire to thank our patrons and the public ingeneral very kindly for the very liberal patronage accorded us during the year just closing, and to say thatthe Government has lifted the ban on installing telephones and is anxious for us to serve all who desire ourconnection.m For terms or other information, drop in our office,write us a card orcall the manager, by telephone.Paris Home Telephone & Teigraph Co. I(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH.District ManagerW. H. CAJSTNOST.local lanaerSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbcta News. Best Work; Right Prices( Wlirf&-.. i --X-Cfr-5?this oifYiio&ymge pointTHE BOURBOtf IfEWS;:?.FRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 1919.iUMIII1919DURING THIS MOST JOYOUS SEASON WHEN THETHOUGHT OF EVERYONE REVERT TO THE HIGHESTIDEALS OF PEACE, HAPPINESS, GOOD-WILL AND PROSPERITY, IT IS INDEED AN APPROPRIATE TIME FOR REJOICING AND THE BESTOWING OF LOVE AND HAPPINESSTHROUGHOUT THIS BROAD LAND OF OURS.WE THANBTDUR MANY FRIENDS FOR THEIR VALUEDPATRONAGE- DURING THE PAST, ANDWISH THEM THEMOST JOYOUS YULETTDE SEASON THEY HAVE EVER YETEXPERIENCED.TO BOTH OLD FRIENDS AND NEW WE EXTEND AMOST HEARTY GOOD FELLOWSHIP AND PROMISE YOUEVEN MORE PROMPT AND COURTEOUS SERVICE IN THEFUTURE THAN IN THE PAST.SHIRE & FITHIAN." - - - .JWOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.tf-IVSICK SOLDIERS WILL BE IN HOS,PITALS NEAR HOME.Plans perfected by the hospitaldivision of the War Department provide that wounded and sick soldiersreturned fropi the ExpeditionaryForces will be. placed in hospitalsin the section from which they wereinducted. These hospitals are so located that 'the maximum distance arelative will have to travel to visit apatient will be three hundred miles.The only exception will be in thecases of pien whose injuries wouldrequire that they be sent to specialhospitals where facilities for treatment have, been provided.The decision of the General Staffwas announced by the Surgeon General of the army to turn over the basehospital at Camp Taylor and those ofeach of .fifteen other cantonments.Along with the other general hospitals their accommodations will givethe Hospital Division a total of seventy-fivehospitals,, with a capacity of104,231 "beds. These do not includethe hospitals located at the ports ofdebarkation at New York and Newport News that number fifteen with abed capacity of 22,068.These hospitals have been locatedin sixteen districts, Louisville beingplaced in the ninth district. Theninth, district, where the woundedand sick soldiers from that vicinitywere inducted, comprise: GeneralHospital No. 25, Fort Be.njaminHarrison, Ind., General Hospital No. 35,West Baden, Ind., and the base hospital at Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville-Within four months it is expectedthat 50,000 wounded soldiers willbe sent to the several hospitals.These will be moved from the hospitals at the ports" of debarkation inspecial hospital trains whenever theirwounds are such that they cannottravel in the regular Pullman sleepers. There are four. of such hospitaltrains, each consisting of seven carswith a capacity of 172 to. each train.When patients are sent by Pullman,a special train hospital kitchen car:of which there are twenty in thiscountry, will be attached to thetrains.Knittine To Go On.The Red Cross Knitters thoughtthat with the signing of the armistice they could turn their minds andhands to some other sort of duty oreven to playing a little, knitting asweater of bright hue for a Christmas gift, read a novel, scan a fewmagazines or fashion a dainty pieceof lingerie.Not so we are asked to continuethe Red Cross knitting, there aremany soldiers in the army of occupation and workers of all kinds in theallied countries needing socks andsweaters.The Christmas Roll Call of the RedCross being fully answered, will helpin this branch of the work as wellas in the (many others for yarn mustbe bought.But the hand-knitted sweaters andsocks may be had only in the oneway by the continued efforts of thepeople who know how to knit andare willing to keep up their diligencein this direction until the, need is nolonger felt by the guiding Red Cross.The Production Bureau has sentout- the following call on this subject: "Knit!."The knitting of socks and sweaters must be carried, on in a big waylegardless of the cessation of hostilities. "This is the message of the division Bureau of Chapter Production tothe women of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. "There is most urgent need for. thecompletion of sock and sweater assignments, particularly since somechapters have not yet completed theirSeptember 1 quotas of sweaters andsocks, and now that the pressure hasbeen relieved on surgical dressingwork, it is advised that chapters impress upon their workers the necessity for more knitting."Sock and sweater yarn has beenrecently shipped to chapters, andthere is still on hand at the divisionDepartment of Supplies 75,000pounds of sock yarn which should boknitted up immediately."The division Bureau of ChapterProduction has asked all chapters toindicate how much yarn they will accept for knitting into socks on or before. December 31. Estimates of theamount that can be used duringJanuary have also been asked for."In addition, a paragraph in a circular letter from the Bureau ofChapter Production to chaptersreads:" 'We expect a quantity of sweateryarn for distribution, on or aboutDecember 1, and would appreciateyour advising the quantity of sweateryarn you will be .able to use duringthe months of December and January.. Owing to the uncertainty ofour being able to get enough yarn,to complete the "different sock andsweater assignments, we are notgiving chapters a certain quota offinished knitted garments, but areasking them to knit all the sweatersand socks they can from yarn available.' "Sound the call for knitters!". oFOR 1919 OUR GREETINGS.Don't forget that victory must bepaid for, and that our war expensesdid not cease when actual fightingceased. Keep your War -. Sayingspledge and buy more W. S. S.We Want to Thank theGood People-May the joyous New Year, 1919,bring to each, and every one a fullmeasure of happiness. Peace isagain, on earth and a bright NewYear ahead; every one's face shouldreflect the happiness in their heart.We wish to express our gratitude toour many customers for our successful and prosperous year just ending,and extent to all a Happy New Year.MRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY. '(It)0 :Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. -Thomas, Woodford & Bryan-vf.mirfr'134of Paris and Bourbon Countyfor their generous patronageduring the past year; andwe wUh you much happinessand prosperity during thecoming year.GOVERNMENT WILL RETAIN ABs ERDEEN PROVING GROUNDSRetention of the proving groundat Aberdeen, Md., and gradual development of the government ordnance plant at Neville Island, Pa., isthe full scope of the plans laid for itduring the War Department, Assistant Secretary Corwell, who is in direct charge of the disposal of all surplus war material, said there is nodisposition to abandon either of theseestablishments.The Neville Island project contemplated the expediture of $65,000,000in order to furnish new facilities forbig gun manufacture and the-planr. isto be equipped to produce 18-inch orlarger rifles if necessary, although,the maximum now in process are theseveral 16-inch types. The new plantwill turn out big guns of all calibers,however, including the forgings, allof which the government has heretofore obtained from private concerns.Hi1l1The Paris Racket StoreK. B. CARR, Praprittar.LAUGH ON THE HUNSAccording to a returned Britishprisoner, who was at liberty in Berlinduring the revolution there."Deutschland. Uber Allies,"- "TheWatch on the Rhine" and similarjPtrioticH songs are just -now highlyunpopular inthe German capital.Three English civilans .who hadcelebrated the signing of the armistice were coming the Uter den linden signing, "The Watch on theRhine," when they were stipped byGerman soldiers, who said theyought to be ashamed of themselvesfor signing such, rubbish."I've come from the Rhine," oneof them remarked. You go dowrithere and try to Keep watch andthen you won't sing so much aboutit.""But we are English," one of thecivilians replied."What!" exclaijmed the astonishedsoldier. "Then why sing 'The Watch,on the Rhine?' ""Well;" grinned tie. -Englishman,"you see WE are keeping it now' ;. -; RELIGIOUS..'.-.4 The influenza 'bah having beenlifted the Sunday schools, of the various churches will resume the eventenor of their way on next Sundayat the usual hours.The pulpit at St. Peter's Episcopal church, in -this city, will befilled next Sunday morning by JudgeLyman Chalkley, of the" Transylva-;nia University, at Lexington. Therewill be no Sunday school. Chuichservices at 10:45. Everybody invited to attend.The Christian Endeavor Societyof. the Christian church will (meet jn,the church parlors at 6:00 o'clocknext Sunday evening. This will bein the nature of a New Year's meeting. Subject: '"The New Year;"leader, Mrs. John Duvall. At thismeeting announcement will be madeconcerning the Watch Party whichwill be held on Tuesday night. Officers for the new year 1919 will beelected at this meeting.F AIMERS' WEEK AT UNIVERSITYOE KENTUCKY.An interesting feature of Farmers' Week at the University of Kentucky the last week of January willbe 'a live stock judging contest inwhich 'those in attendance will beallowed to engage. This contest willbe conducted by Mr. T. G. Patterson,Manager of Hereford Farms at Versailles, Ky. Col. T. G. Taylor, Jr.,proprietor of Hereford Farms, haskindly consented to send some of hisfine specimens of Hereford cattle tothe Experiment Station to be used inthis connection. After the contestans have placed the animals, givingtheir reasons, Mr. Patterson willgradextheir papers, after which he.will place the' animals according tohis judgment, giving his reasons forso doing.EMPTY FREEZERS WANTED"All parties having ice creamfreezers belonging to us will pleasereturn them or call us up and we willsend for them. We need them, badly.Please comply with this request atonce. 'A. ADAML:Professional Cards.-WM, GRAINNANAttorrieyrat-LawROOMS 401-402FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGFRANK&'Pre-InvoiceSale- rk?.v ,COATSSUITSFURSSerge, Silk and JerseyDRESSESFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERS'' r' J . - ,"'' ' '" " ' -'ff'-'-'-V ' ' " :.'"' -7 .B .'!:, v.-.. ' ' " ' '' -.fW-GRMBl.'A-a:-I3N";ifJ-'tWe thank you for your continuedpatronage and co-operation during thepast year of intense commercial strain,and, with normal conditions again restored, wish to assure you of ourgreater ability than ever before to ren-Vder the highest type of service in theFurniture and Stove business.At this season, also, we wish toextend to our many friends that old-time message of good will: 'Sappy Nhw Tfjeariiit- 'irti.-.a;I::"JgYE. MWhedca- Furniture jEbivvUvsfh'&?.v.ysm'?VIftOfe."N& -?$V:-."W.S&f&jjr,Vl&1p'&:?& r$ssw..3Pq3rBfc &'-.: "" f:-Ic)CO?';LA.f. -.v.?i-i. -'.!V''erf..-? t-.w.rtinif:..li.. f. r. ft '.;N1,.VFRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 11&TB& BOURBON Vfc PARK, I3TUCKTTV--nY- ;PAGERillyI iSSIlfflffinJ 0t&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEBEGIN NOW.Start to-day with our ntwChristmas Savings. Have money to spend next Christmas.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co. (2t)O ;TURKEY DINNER AX WINDSORHOTEL SUNDAY ftlGHTThe Windsor Hotel will serve anpiezant home-cooked six-o'clock turkey dinner Sunday evening, atfifty:ents per plate. Those who want ax)d dinner are invited. (It)oPRIZE WINNERS.About two weeks preceding theholidays the Kress Stores in Paris,offered a prize, a five-pound box offine candy to the saleslady sellingthe largest number of neckties inthose two weeks. The prize wasawarded Wednesday to Miss ThelmaSquires, who outdistanced her competitors. oCOAL RULES STILL HOLD.Fuel Administrator Garfield announced Sunday that maximumprices on coal and zone regulationson fuel shipments will not be removed before February 1. There hadbeen reports recently that all restriction would be removed about the firstof the year.oBURGOO FOR EVERYBODY ATTAYLOR & SPEARS' SALE.Burgoo, and plenty of it, will beserved at the big land sale of Spears& Taylor, which will take place onthe premises near Escondida, on Saturday, Dec. 28, at 10 a. m.One hundred and fifty barrels ofcorn and 500 shocks of fodder willalso be sold at the same time andplace. Read the large advertisementelsewhere in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS, and be sure andattend the sale. (24-2t). oSPEARS & TAYLOR FARM WITHDRAWN ER0M SALE.The Spears & Taylor farm, located near Paris, on the Escondida andWinchester pikes, which was advertised in THE NEWS to be sold atpublic sale on Saturday, December28, has been withdrawn, and will not"be offered. s"The farm is owned jointly by E. F.Spears & Sons, and Newton H. Taylor. It was the property of Capt F.E. Nelson, who sold it to Spears &Taylor two years ago.Harris & Soeakes, who had the salein ohare informed THE NEWS lastnisht of the withdrawal of-the property from the market.-o-DOG LICENSES ISSUED.Owners of dogs in the city endcounty are complying with the recentlaw passed by the Legislature xeauiring thepn to pay tax n-nd take outlicense for their dogs. Up to a latehour vesterdav afternoon CountyClerk Pearce Paton had issued atotal of fifty lipenses.The law requires the applicant tostate his name, place ot resilience,street address, if in the city, andrural route, if in the county, xneind of dog for which the license istsued, color and marKings ol uco?. etc. The first license was issueuto Mr. E. R. Hickman, toute .In another column m this issue orTHE NEWS will be found a legalnotice from County Clerk Paton,defining the provisions of- the lawDog-owners should read it carefully.as the authorities say the law musthe strictly enforced.oATTENTION. COUNTRY FOLKSCountry folks, when you buy yourgroceries from my Cash-and-Carry-Groceryyou don't pay for expensivecity delivery and bad accounts. Comein and see my goods before buyingelsewhere. All goods marked inplain figures. Be sure and look forthe Red Front Store, opposite thecourt house. . frr-wMRS. ELLIS' CASH-AND-CARRYGROCERY. m ("B-4 FIREIncurs WithW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtso 'LAND PRICES SOARINGCol. George D. Speakes, of the iealestate firm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis is an undoubted authority onland ' values. When Col. GeorgeSpeakes about land he knows whathe is talking about, and knows thathe is right. In a conversation with.Ten Nr-cAxrs rpenlv regarding lanttvalues in Eouibon county, Col. Geo.Speakes spoke as follows:"Never 4'n- the liistory of Bourboncounty has land prices been so n gnas they are now. They are'Boarlng"now, and going higher every). day.Land has steadily advanced in valuesince 1917, anTthere is every reason4 hQiiov0 will be higher one yearfrom now. Those who have beenwaiting for a land panic and lowprices for twenty years are stillwaiting. There has been moremoney made by land-owners in thepast twenty years than ever dreamedof wid the lMid market is just in itsi Tow is the time to invest.This is'oiot intended as a boost forhe real estate business, or my yiir nd of. it, but it is aust a pTain.. .- f tiifi situation- A Bourbon county farm'next year with theTTLT over, Bd J&por pieuLiiui, wnhe a gold mine.' r ,SOCIAL A20B PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPebpkHere, There andElsewhere.Dr. D. S. Henry has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Georgetown. Mr. Oscar Young has returnedto his home in Georgetown after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscounty.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Barton havereturned to their home in Millersburg, after a visit to the forpner'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Avery,in Georgetown.Mr. and ,Mrs. Wm. Hollar andchildren, Misses Fannie Hollar, Elizabeth Hollar and Nettie Ray Hollar,of Stanford, are guests of Mr. andMrs. George W. Allison, near Paris.Luke Connelly, who has been apatient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for ' several weeks, sufferingfrom pneumonia, is able to be out,and has been removed to the hopneof his mother, Mrs. John McGinley,on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Will Kenney Ferguson and Miss Garolyn Roseberry,of Paris, were guests at a farewelldinner party given in Georgetown,Wednesday, by Miss Cornelia Blackburn. The dinner was given in honorof Capt. and Mrs. Charles P. Morearty, who go to Ft. Wayne, Indiana,to reside. Capt. Morearty will beconnected with the Diamond CoalCompany, at Ft. Wayne.Mr. John F. Davis received a telegram Wednesday from his brother,i-Mr. Withers Davs, at RochesterMinnesota, telling of the condition oftheir father, Mr. Jos. W. Davis. Thelatter underwent a successful operation at the Mayo Bros.' Hospital, thesurgeons removing three hundredsmall gallstones. The operation wasstated by the surgeons to have beenone of the most remarkable in theirexperience. Mr. Davis'- telegram statgood and that he had spent a goodday and night, though still sufferingsome.(Other Personals on Page 3.)oNEW BARREL NEW ORLEANS' MOLASSES JUST OPENED.We have just opened a fancy barrel of genuine New Orleans Molasses.Phone in your order early if youwant any.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.oBOURBON MAN' PROMINENT INRACE TRACK DEAL..Edward F. Sijmms, of Bourboncounty, is believed to be the centralfigure in the proposed merger of theDouglas Park and Latonia tracks. Itis doubtful if Churchill Downs willbe included in the deal.Former United States SenatorJohnson N. Camden, former StateSenator Thomas A. Combs, JudgeAllie W. Young, members of the Kentucky State Racing Commission; Edward Simms, wealthy oil man; former Mayor Charles F. Grainger, ofLouisville; Hobert L. Baker, JeromeB. Respess, Colonel Vennie P. J. HanIon and H. C. Applegate, all of Louisville, met in Lexington, Sundaynight to discuss the proposition tobuy the Latonia and Douglas Parktracts from Cella, Adler and Tilles,of St. Louis, and Mrs. John Conden,of Chicago.Whether or not the deal goesthrough seems to depend entirelyupon the willingness of the New Louisville Jockey Club to take the Douglas Park track off the hands of thepeople who will go into the organization that is to buy the two tracksfrom the St Louis and Chicago interests, either by purchase or undera leasing arrangement.. o "YOUR PATRIOTIC DUTY.-Save your pennies in our ChristmasBanking Club and buy IL S. Bondsand Savings Stajmps. m,Tf,mPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCOMPANY. , (27-2t)' o 'REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. William Barr, o'f Nicholascounty, purchased Saturday, through.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParistRealty Co., the farm of Mr. ana mrs.William Farris, containing tniriyfive acres, located on the Bethlehempike, near Paris. The price paidwas $13,000. Mr. Barr will getpossession on March 1, 1919, andwill move to the place, which is wellimproved, having a nice frame cottage, stock barns, etc.Mr. Wm. Ramey, of near RuddlesMills, purchased recently eightyacres of land located near DutchChapel, in Harrison county, forwhich he paid the seller, Mr. Jos.Fritz, $125 per acre. Possession willb6 given in March, 1919.At the public sale-of land conducted near Finchville, in Shelby couniy,by the Wakefield-Davis Co., a tractof land containing 173 acres, located near the home place was soldto Mr. Majk ; Stuart, of Bourboncounty, for $146.25 per acre.oMr. and Mrs. Milton Browning,of Cleveland, have rented the R. H.Wills residence on High street for aperiod of three Jmonths while Mr. andMrs. Willis are in Florida. Mr.Browning is an L. & N. auditor..Mj and, Mrs Wills will leave Sundayfor the South.oTHE TOBACCO MARKETS.The tobacco sales, which were adjourned Friday for the Christmas holiday, will open again on Monday,with a full force of buyers on hand.Heavily loaded wagons passing upMain street yesterday gave promiseof full floors at both houses whenthe auctioneers begin their work.Sales will he held at both houses,the Bourbon and the Independent.The tobacco sales gave Paris merchants a considerable boost in theircash sales for Christmas.CHRISTMAS DAY JOYFULLY OB'SERVED IN PARIS.J"h.e greatest Christmas since thefirst which marked the birth of thePrince of Peace, was celebrated Wednesday, when joys of peace and victory brought added Christmas cheerinto hundreds of Paris liomes whosesons had helped make this one of thehappiest Yuletides in history. Manyreturning soldiers arrived in Paris tospend the holidays with their families, and late in the day the hopes ofthe youngsters for "a white Christmas" and the opportunity to try outtheir new sleds and skates brightened when a light snow began to fall.There were no Sunday school orcharity Christjmas trees for the children, as the order of the Board ofHealth prohibits the attendance ofthose' under twelve years old at anypublic gathering, but the kiddies hadtheir own good time just the same.There were many happy family reunions, and the Christmas spirit waseverywhere in evidence. Merchantsreport the volume of Christmas tradeas largely exceeding that of theChristmas in 1917. Many merchantssold out almost their entire stocks.Charity workers distributed Christmas cheer in many hopnes that"Santa Claus forgot," and the daywas made a memorable one in manyways all around. Services were heldat several churches.The streets were almost desertedin the afternoon, after the businesshouses had closed for the day, and after the belated Christmas gifts andforgotten supplies for Christmas dinners had been secured during themorning. Family parties were therule and the dinner hour found inthe restaurants and hotels only theunfortunate who could not get homeor the lonely persons with no "connections." The opening of the picture houses afforded the ,movie-hun-grypeople an opportunity for relaxation. Altogether, it was a most enjoyable Christmas.The sum of 105.17 represented bya check for that amount, was raisedin Paris through the efforts of Bourbon Lodge, and Mayor E. B. January,and forwarded to the Odd Fellows'Orphans and Widows Home in Lexington. All the Sunday schools of the Parischurches observed Christmas in aquiet way, the sprit of the "whiteChristmas" prevailing as it has forseveral years. The children andadults contributed everything in theway of groceries and other edibles fordistribution among the less fortunateones of the city. On Tuesday afternoon the children of the Baptist Sunday school made a very generous offering of provisions, fruits, candy,etc., and in return were given oranges and candy packages. TheChristmas baskets of the Christianchurch were sent out on. Christmasmorning, as has been the usual, castom. Forty fapiilies were made happy in this way. This generous workwas made possible through the pupils of the Sunday school.oSTART A CHRISTMAS SAVINGS. ACCOUNT AT PEOPLESDEPOSIT BANK.Don't be without spending moneynext Christmas. Start a ChristmasSavings account now. Our new seriesstart this week.PEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK & TRUSTCOMPANY. (27-2t) ,Found.A purse containing a sum ofmoney and other articles. CallCumberland Phone 360.(It)Notice to Dog OwnersThe law requires every person tocall at the office of the CountyClerk,-before January 1, 1919, andpay license tax on all dogs owned orharbored by him. A tag is furnishedby the Clerk for each dog license.Unless this license is paid by January1, 1919, the owner of the dog is subject to a fine of not more than ?100,or a jail sentence not exceeding threemonths, or both. An unlicensed dogcan also be killed by any one, and itis the duty of the Sheriff to killsame. If you permit a dog on yourplace, that is unlicensed, then youare liable to the fine and imprisonment, whether you own the dog ornot. .-The amount of the license taxis $1.00 for the first male dog, $2.00for each other male dog; $2.00 forthe first fepnale dog, and $4.00 foreacn otner remaie aogs. ivinaiy canat my office, before January 1, 193 9,and avoid the penalty provided.PEARCE PATON,Clerk Bourbon County Couit.(24-3t)GoodFriends !MAY THE GATES OP HAPPINESS OPEN IDE TO YOU. MAYTHE'irteW YEAR BRING TO YOUJOY IN LIFE, UNBROKEN FRIENDSHIP AND 'A MULTITUDE OFCHEERFUL MEMORIES.WE THANK YOU FOR A JIOST.SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS YEAR.Bropb&SnappiXX5&.-iljjSt1 - vI ' - !7 ' Christmas Greetings IWE DESIRE TO EXTEND OUR SINCERE THANKS TO OUR ''I ' ,.j FRIENDS FOR THE MOST GENEROUS CHRISTMAS PATRONAGE WE 11 ' HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED, AND TO ASSURE THEM OF OUR. , i1 " - . HEARTY APPRECIATION OF THEIR CUSTOM. TO ONE AND ALL II ;J . WE WISH A MERHY CHRISTMAS ' "IsI r k ' THE 'J. T.HINTON CO. ,';.'" gg &$" , '. . - w . s - ' - . gH 'I .-h i ; - -VTV -. fcf??&' .? s ' V?p 'a ' ?' ' ' ' ' 'y-r '''" :' il :,; "::- s '1 ' ! ,3 B1 '" ' 63 mi i"'- . 'j.- !'. : i rK1'. yVTo Our Many New FriendsAND OUR OLD FRIENDS, TOO,WE EXTEND THE GREETINGS OF THE YEAR, AND WE HOPE THEYMAY ENJOY A HAPPY NEW YEAR. 7 Tfc ?J$i l ( iMl iiSriWE THANK OUR CUSTOMERS P0R THEIR MOST TIRERAT. PATRONAGE DURING THE PAST YEAR. , -, sHARRY SIMON.EXmwnyIMIr - (, ,XIIX.IXIX- &VII ;xIX;IXIIX1XIXIiXKXiL"- - -ifPAGE SIX,'"rn"J' ", ''Z' -W'JfTHE B0WB01t.,lfEWS, !&&, JOLRTUClYFRJDAY DECEMBER 27, 191.uSAFE, GENTLE REMEDYBRINGS SURE RELIEFFor 200 years GOLD MEDAL HaarlemOil has enabled suffering humanity towithstand attacks of kidney, liver,bladder and stomach troubles and alldiseases connected with the urinaryorgans and to build up and restore tohealth organs weakened by disease.These most important organs must bewatched, because they filter and purifythe blood; unless they do their workyou are doomed."Weariness, sleeplessness, nervousness,despondency, backache, stomach trouble, pains In the loins and lower abdomen, gravel, difficulty when urinating, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbagoall warn you of trouble with your kidneys. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules are the remedy you need. Takethree or four every day. The healingoil soaks into the cells and lining ofthe kidneys and drives out the poisons.New life and health will surely follow.When your normal vigor has been restored continue treatment for a whileto keep yourself in condition and prevent a return of the disease.Don't wait until you are incapable offighting. Start taking GOLD MEDALHaarlem OlLJapsules today. Your druggist will cheerfully refund your moneyif you are not satisfied with results.But be sure to get the original imported GOLD MEDAL and accept no substitutes. In three sizes. Sealed packages. At all drug stores.COURT BUYS T.TME CRUSHER FORPARMERS USE.When the Fscal Court of AllenCounty, Ky., went with, the county Jagent to see a neia aepronstrationwhere limestone had made red clovetgrow abundantly where before clover'had been a failure, the favor of theCourt was gained to the extent thatwhen the Court met in regular session an appropriation wasvoted for the purchase of a limestonecrusher. The crusher cost $2,500. Itis a portable outfit, and for eightmonths of the year the county agent,by order of the Fiscal Court, has control of the machine. It is takenaround from community to community to crush the natural limestonerock for agricultural purposes. Th'swork is done at cost for the farmers.In the. other four pnonths of the yearthe crusher is used by the county onroad work.KENTUCKY DEFENSE COUNCILTO GET DEAD SOLDIERS'NAMES.brighter;EVENINGSGkSKTNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useGlectricityfor CigbtittgIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor Seating and CookingIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of BothElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)The Kentucky Council of Defense,through its State Historian, Fred P.Caldwell, and County Historians,which have been appointed in practically every county in Kentucky, iscojmpiling records of all persons inthe service, and is also making a lecord of the civilians in war work ineach county. Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland will be in charge of thework in Bourbon county and will appreciate any information sent her.The State Historian is compiling arecord of each person killed, orwounded or dying from disease ormade prisoner, as reported in theUnited States official bulletin or inthe daily papers.The casualty lists cannot be completed until all reports of casualtiesmade by the War Department arepublished. It may be several weeksbefore this is done. It can be saidnow, however, that the records willshow that more than 1,200 Kentuck-ians have given their lives to thecause, including those who have diedat camps from, disease.The Council of Defense has kept arecord of Kentucky boys who havebeen made prisoners. These prisoners have now been released, andsome of them have been heard fromsince their release.oCHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS.When you are troubled with indigestion or constipation, take Chamberlain's Tablets. They strengthenthe stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Indigestion is usually accompanied byconstipation and is aggravated by it.Chamberlain's Tablets cause a gentlemovement of the bowels, relieving theconstipated condition.(adv-jan)oBIGGRAIN ELEVATOR BURNEDAT'OWENSBORO.One hundred and fifty thousandbushels of wheat, corn, oats, alfalfaand cotton-seed" meal were burned inthe elevator of Rapier Bros., atOwensboro, the result of spontaneouscombustion. The flames broke out at11 o'clock Friday night and the firewas confined to the structure containing grain. The value of thegrain and elevator machinery is estimated at between 250,000 and275,000. The elevator .building isof concrete.oQUICK CURE FOR CROUP.Watch for the first symptoms,hoarseness, and give Chamberlain'sCough Remedy at once. It is promptand effectual.(adv)-dec)A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure.of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRYCumberland Phone 40CLEANERHome Phone 1692IIIIIY.IIXIXIXIIXXiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4TMMHC-zmSsTZli&vu IT dBB3&5Weit Fifh StreetSATISFACTIONa11OUR WATCHWORD! Rpjrix ?iWith all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work inferior to none, and solicityour patronage.VX1XitXIKFans, Kentucky xThe Bourbon Laundry" jCAN HE GET AWAY WITH IT?When the "war emergency measure" was ' passed authorizing thePresident to take over the wire linesof the country, every mother's sonin the Senate who advocated the passage of the bill declared it as a belief that the President would not exercise the power conferred upon him.It was argued that the legislationwas needed to deal with labor problems relating to the threatenedstrike of the telegraphers. Postmaster General Burleson insisted thatthe interests of the country demanded the passage of the wire control; and it did not take long forhim to bring the telegraph and telephone lines under his control. Thewar went on, and the armistice wassigned, and no one through it all hadever discovered anything with reference to the operation of wire linesthat constitute a "war emergency."The President finally went beforeCongress, and announced that the"war is over." It was a little latein the day, but Mr. Burleson seizedthe cable lines just the same. TheCommercial Cable Company protests,and resists its properties snatchedfrom it by the unceremonious processes that have been employed. Thecompany has engaged Charles EvansHughes as associate counsel to Win.W. Cook, and the Postmaster General is in for a merry scrap in thecourts."Government ownershib of the telegraphs and telephones should nolonger be delayed," Mr. Burlesonsays in his annual report, which isfresh from the Government printery.He adds: "Action of Congress in thismatter is urgently recomjmended."There can be no objection to Mr.Burleson expressing these views inhis report, for as a matter of facthe has constantly reiterated thifsame opinion in previous years. Butthat the processes pursued towardswire properties under the PostofliceDepartment, were not contemplatedwhen the legislation was before theSenate, is borne out by the fact thatno less an authority than SenatorLewis declared it to be understoodthat the President did -not desire toexercise the authority sought in theresoluion. At the same time one ofthe leading officials of the wire company of the United States in speakingof events at Washington declaredthat "the question of Governmentownership was not discussed." Mr.Burleson himself urged "the passageof the resolution, in order that thePresident may act, if necessary tosafeguard their interests of the country during the prosecution of thewar."When this was all going on lastJuly, the intimation was resentedthat radical jmembers of the Democratic party with Mr. Burleson astheir leader, were eager to have thelines brought under Government control and operation during the war asa forerunner to a fixed peace policy.The Commercial Cable Companytakes the position that the mannerin which they were "annexed" isplainly illegal, and they do not propose to submit to the confiscatorymethods employed by Mr. Burleson.It is pointed out in their complaintthat the action of the PostmasterGeneral disurbs treaties with foreignnations, inasmuch as the company'sproperties stretch alike to Europeanand Asiatic nations. It looks asthough Mr. Burleson in his effort touse the translantic cables as his buttons for the Government ownershipwire garment, is doing a poor pieceof tailoring. The company evidently believes that the Postmaster General has bitten, off a bigger chunkthan he is going to be able to getaway with.oCOUNTY AGENTS' EFFORTS SAVECATTLE.Through the co-operative efforts ofthe county agents in the Southernand Southwestern States this yearhundreds of thousands of valuablecattle were saved. The great rangesin Wiestern Texas suffered a severedorught in 1917. In 1918 thedrought continued with increasingintensity. Two successive years witha. limited amount of rainfall left therange practically barren and the cattle roamed" about them in.u starvingcondition. But in the SoutheasternStates conditions were different.There was abundance of feed andpasture and few cattle to utilize it.Through co-operation of the Bureauof Animal Industry and the Bureauof Markets of the United States Department of Agriculture, countyagents in Texas began to get intouch with the county agents in theSoutheastern States where feed wasplentiful and assisted farmers in regions of heavy crop production to obtain cattle from the drought-strickenregions of Texas. During the pastyear about 300,000 head were transported, largely through the efforts ofthe county agents. This service notonly saved the Texas cattlemen fromfinancial loss and assisted in developing a profitable and much-needed"branch of agriculture in the Southeastern States, but helped materially,in conserving the Nation's meat supply at a critical time.oCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYBefore using this preparation for acough or cold you may wish to knowwhat it has done for others. Mrs. O.Cook, Macon, HI., writes, "I havefound it gives the quickest relief of"any cough remedy I have ever used."Mrs. James A. Knott, Chillicothe,Mo., says "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cannot be beat for coughs andcoldg." fH. J. Moore, Oval, Pa., Bays."I have used Chamberlain's CoughRemedy on several occasions when Iwas suffering with a-settled cold uponthe chest and it has always broughtabout a cure.(adv-jan)JUDGE CAEROLL ANNOUNCESCANDIDACYEOR GOVERNORJudge John .D. Carroll, of Newrcastle, will be a candidate in theDemocratic primary for Governor.Judge Carroll is at present a memberof the Court of Appeals. Closefriends of Judge Carroll have knownfor several weeks that he would makethe race. His announcement willmake three in the field for the nomination. The other two are Lieutenant Governor James D. Black, ofBarbourville, and Prof. H. H. Cherry,of Bowling Green.CURE AT A COST OF 25 CENTS."Eight years ago when we firstmoved to Mattoon, I was a great sufferer from indigestion and constipation," writes Mrs. Robert Allison,Mattoon, 111. "I had frequent headaches and dizzy spells, and there wasa feeling like a heavy weight pressing on my stomach and chest all thetime. I felt miserable. Every morsel of food distressed me. I could notrest at night and felt tired and wornout all the time. One bottle of Chamberlain's Tablets cured me and I havesince felt like a different person."'(adv-jan)TO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyPlenty ofFruits!ModeratlyPricedIttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketJOHN WRITE & CO.LOUISVILLE, KY.!Established in 1837Lttoral assortmentMd full valusFURSpw wjJtsmmLmx(till-jan24-F)We Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in better and.more economical farming, come inand. see what this little wonderis doing for others.W e Can Dcm ons trateIt to You. Any DayC. S. BALL OARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St..EDW. BTJEKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-President. JOHN T, COLLINS. Manager.Edw. BurkeSam ClavJas. M. CaldwellRobt. E. BeattyLuther StiversC. D. WilsonDIRECTORSJ. L. BentonW. M. Rodeers' A. B. HancockJno. T. CollinsS. E. BurrisA. i. StephensonH. S. CaywoodTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)Total Sales to Date, 164,415 poundsSale December 20th .....Opening Sale December 11th .Sale December 13th ... . .Average $30.97Average $34.46Average $32.05Average $30.11First Sale Monday, Dec. 30th,At Paris HouseSecond Sale at Bourbon HouseMarket; will Open AgainDECEMBER 30thWith All Buyers atrThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY-..v:'' "i-';'! '' ''- V ?-' " &HHB1iVkJ"&$. -- ..' Ts- iTrtTflTsvSiii"-FRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 1919,THE BOURBON NEWS, PABIS, KENTUCKYPAGESETX1"at v-vj, 4!HSHKEsasibbhCattle Buying forSwift & CompanySwift & Company buys more than9000 head of cattle, on -an average,every market day.Each one of them is "sized up" byexperts.Both the packer's buyer and thecommission salesman must judge whatamount of meat each animal will yield,and how fine it will be, the grading ofthe hide, and the quantity and qualityof the fat.Both must know market conditionsfor live stock and meat throughout thecountry. The buyer must know wherethe different qualities, weights, andkinds of cattle can be best 'marketedas beef.If the buyer pays more than' theanimal is worth, the packer loses moneyon it. If he offers less, another packer,or a shipper or feeder, gets it awayfrom him.If the seller accepts too little, the livestock raiser gets less than he is entitledto. If he holds out for more than it isworth, he fails to make a sale.A variation of a few cents in the priceper hundred pounds is a matter of vitalimportance to the packer, because itmeans the difference between profitand loss.Swift &U.GOVERNMENT TO STIR UP WARSAVINGS STAMPS SLACKERSf"Are You A W. S. S. Pledge Slacker?" That is the title for the newWar Savings Stamps posters that arebeing issued and posted all over thecountry. This has grown out of aninvestigation made by the W. S. S.Committee of the pledge cards thatwere signed by people who pledgedthemselves to buy so many stampsduring the drive of last June.The 1918 series closed December31, and in order to reach the quotaall the pledges made during Junemust be redeemed. A review of allthe pledge cards that were signed atthe time has been made in the banksduring the past week, and it wasWebster'sNew International: DICTIONARIES are in use by busi-i ness men, engineers; bankers;I judges, architects; physicians,: fanners, teachers, librarians, clcr: evmen. bv successful men and- women the world over.Are Ton Equipped to Win?Ihe New International providesthe means to success. It is an allknowing teacher, a universal question answerer.H If you seek efficiency and ad-vancementwnynocmaKeaaiiyuse of this vast fund of information? 4, VocabularyTcrms. 27d0PaM.Mt Illustrations. Colored Plate.39,6 Geographical Subjects. 12,Biographical Entries.Rtgvlar sad India-Paper Edkwu.JVritefor specimen pages,illustrations,etc. Free.Set of PocketMaps if yoaname thispaper.G.icCMERRIAM. JC0Strtngfiflau.HaffnjrjJTTKBTBb1bbbbtBbbpISJ'jBt sJbBctscnM'Company,S. A.found that little more than sixty percent, of the limit, subscribers havepurchased only a few of the stampspledged by them and some of themhave purchased none at all. The cardsplaced at the postoffice and in thebusiness houses have all been reviewed. 'Many of those who made pledgeshave purchased more than theypledged themselves to do, while others have bought none at all. Thepledge as signed by many people inthe city and the county was made direct to the United States Treasury.Those who made their pledges at thebanks or the postoffice, and who havesubsequently purchased stamps atbusiness houses or from other agents,are urged to go to the place wheretheir cards are filed and have themcredited with the number of stampsbought, so that they may not be sentnotices reminding them of their tardiness or negligence. The limit listof the county will be revised afterthe first of the year, and the namesof those who have pledged the fullamount and have not redeemed theirpledges will be removed.oSIX STARTERS AND MOREPROBABLE IN GOVERNORRACE.With the announcement at Barbourville, Ky., that Lieut. GovernorJames D. Black, would seek the Democratic gubernatorial nomination- atthe August primary, also came theword from Bowling Gren that ProfvH. H. Cherry, President of the Western Kentucky State Normal, wouldthrow his hat into the ring Laurence B. Finn, State Railroad Commissioner wnose home is at Franklin,Ky., was in Louisville and announced that he, too, would Te a candidatefor the nomination. "With my fiddle and my Ford," said Finn, "I expect to make a runaway race of it."There arex six probable starters todate, the others being CongressmanCampbell Canfrill, General Pf-rcyHaley, and former U. S. SenatorJohnson NT Camden.oFarmers of Hopkins county arethrough making molasses and theoutput is reported to be excellent.The sorghum crop this year waslarger than last year's, and it is reported. that farmers will have a larger ' crop next year. HopkinsvilleHustler.BOY POWER TO PLAY BIG PARTIN FEEDpG THE WORLD.Boy power, which played such abig part in Kentucky this past yearin raising a bumper ciop to help winthe war, is to play an even largerrole this year in helping to feed theworld.Official reports from overseas showthat the United States must come tothe rescue if the people of the countries devastated by war are to beproperly cared for. The U. S. Boys'Working Reserve in Kentucky is called upon to join hands with all otherpatriotic forces at home and abroadin filling the world-wide need. Whileboys in both agriculture and industry are included, special attention ispaid to the boy on the farm, whetherhe is a city or town boy who goes tothe farm to work during vacationor to the country boy who helps hisparents or neighbors on their farms.A meeting of the State .AdvisoryCommittee of the U. S. Boys' Working Reserve in Kentucky was held inthe State Headquarters, 345 Association Building, Louisville, and plansmade for the coming year. Some ofthe most prominent men in the Stateare active members of this committeeand devote considerable time to thework. George E. Stephens has beenappointed by the Department ofLabor as Assistant Federal State Director and will be the Executive Secretary, devoting his whole time tothe work.Bronze badges and Service Barsare now being sent out to all members of the Reserve who earnedtheir rewards during the past year.For 36 days' work a Bronze Badgeis given and for 75 or more days, aService Bar is awarded. A largenufmber of these badges are now being worn by proud boys in Kentuckywho served their country faithfullyand well.An official uniform has been adopted and various prominent clothingfirms in the State are preparing tohandle them. The uniform wasadopted at a conference of nationaland State offiecrs of the Reserve inWashington.oCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CURED.By local applications, as they cannot jreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is by aconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can be reduced and this i estored to its normalcondition, hearing will be destroyedforever. Many cases of deafness arensniRp.rl hv natharrh. which is an in-flammed condition of the mucous sur- jfanaa TTniTc nnt.n.rr'h Medicine acts ithrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Catarrhal Deafnessthat cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Circulars free. AllDruggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.oALLIES DEMAND SURRENDER OPTHE HOHENZOLLEBNSA demand for the surrender ofWilliam Hohenzollern will be submitted to the Netherlands government in the name of all the Alliedcabinets. The views of France andItaly have been fully communicatedto the British government and President Wilson has also made suggestions regarding procedure in the case.The opinion is held that Hollandwill not be disposed to put obstaclesin the way. She will not be askedto deliver Herr Hohenzollern underthe ordinary extradition laws, but hisstatus wiir be considered analogousto that of a pirate or slave traderwho is not regarded as, entitled tosanctuary in any country."The German government is stllundecided as to how to deal with theformer emperor and the Hohenzollerns," said Hugo Haase, Secretaryfor Foreign Affairs in the GermanCabinet, to a correspondent of theExpress. "I think," he added, "theymay be sufficiently punished by theinternational odium they have incurred." Kurt Eisnor, the Bavarian Premier,is losing prestige, according to Munich advices received by the way ofAmsterdam, Copenhagen and Berne.A Copenhagen dispatch says thatEisnor was hissed by his own partisans at Munich at a celebration inhonor of returning soldiers. .Junkerist generals, faithful to theformer Emperor, are reported to beat the head of German regimentswhich have started from Gordno tomarch to Berlin to overthrow theEbert government. Polish townsfhrough which the regiments aremarching are reported to have beenburned and looted. Grodno is inWestern Russia and lies 50 mileseast of the Gorman frontier.KENTUCET'S STATE DEBT KEEPSINCREASINGThe bonded debt of Kentucky isgrowing. 'Nat Sewell, State Inspectorand Examiner, has reported to Governor Stanley that, the bonded debtnot totals $2,487,021'.ll. Three bondstotalling $6,894, are missing, but arebeing carried on the books as valid.Sewell recommended that the nextLegislature declare these bonds cancelled in order that they may becharged 'off the Auditor's books. Hebelieves they are lost or destroyed.The outstanding warrants of theState debt on December 1 were reported to be $5,443,383.52, as 'compared with $5,278,902.02 November1. State Auditor Greene reported,the balance in the State Treasury onDecember 1 was $1,999,832.77. Therewas a balance of $204,111.22 in theState road fund on that. date."SOUL SAVERS."All the way across on a ship thatdocked at a base port lecently, a certain pharisee among the passengersunctiously let it be known that hewas coming to France "to save thesouls of our boys." He did not, let itbe said to their credit, wear the uniform of any of the army's auxiliaryorganizations.For this man, and for every oneof like breed, this newspaper has nowords sufficiently strong in which toexpress its contempt. They are men,having ears that hear not, eyes thatsee not, brains that think not, heartsso filled with their own smug selfrighteousness that they have not thefaintest conception of the ever-recurringmiracleof the allied battle line.Because they never have reallycomprehended teachings of the Master they profess, they cannot knowthat the smiling, cursing, battlestained doughboy needs no help insaving his soul. They cannot knowthat in offering and spending his lifein a righteous cause the Americansoldier finds it. They can never comprehend that in saving th esouls ofthe world the soldier saves his own.FRUITCAKESFruits, Nuts, Cakes,i. 1 1oEverything fresh, new stock.Right prices.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376mtMHMHtim eooaooooti-ii'. .-"LChristmasGlassesBuy useful gifts give father and,mother a pair of reading glasses forChristmas.They can have their eyes testedlater if necessary. We can supplyyou with Lorgnette, Ear-chains, Automatic Eye-glass cheins, Eye-glasscases, Auto Glasses, Snow Glasses; allof which would made useful and appropriate gifts. Give us a call.Second Floor First National BankBuilding.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, Paris, Ky.tillllllHIllllllUHIIIHHIIHIIIHIimilllllllliThe J. T.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSMainand SixthStreets-rTSLYIS- &Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLlmouSine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.WtWtWWHWWWMHHltllHHMMIM1918-19i9WE THANK YOUWE DESIRE TO THANK OUR PATRONS FOR ONE OP THE BIGGEST YEAR'S BUSINESS WE HAVE EVER HAD.OUR BUSINESS WAS NEARLY DOUBLE OF ANY PREVIOUSYEAR, FOR WHICH WE ARE GRATEFUL TO THE GENERAL PUB-LIC. WE WISH EVERY CITIZEN 0E THIS NEIGHBORHOOD A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS, NEW YEAR.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,Chas. Green Manager.rf4eC"Aetna-AutoCombination Policies4Protect AgainstFire, TheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd. OtherCasualtiesA. J. FEEAGENT 'mHinton Co. Itt uay pnone 3t wKV NlKht : ..56-EL-J or Home 2S6 .-r1'-vMN.J i-.jf' ifcht't- (, " ' f .' .N4? t? vHTHE BOUEBON - 2TEWS; .PARIS,' KENTUCKYPAGE EIGHTFRIDAY DECEMBER 27, 2919;:f 'MATRIMONIAL.- ..ComingAttractionsPARI GRAND AND ALAMOTHE,:".' MILLERSBXJRGi ;: !r3-- 3rIl" &Ir. and Mrs; Bayless DeBell, of.Bwltig,' arrived Monday as guests' oftheio daughter airs. R. M. Caldwell,'Mr- DeBell left Thursday for Lexmg.tonuacconipanied by his grra-nddaugh-ter,,Miss .Irene Jeffreys, who hasbe,en thp guest of 'her aunt, Mrs. R.3$. Caldwell, for the past two weeks.",,7 gillie Miller, colored, who con'ductd a barher shop here, was waitedpri "VVednesday morning by a numberof ''citizens and notified that he must'discontinue business here, as he was"conducting- an undesirable house..Several young men have been knownto he about his place of business under fcne influence of liquor. While aninsufficient aphount of liquor has"been' found about his place to justify an arrest it is known that heharbors drunken yotfng men.. t James Archie, colored, aged -5,,-was found dead in his bed at his"home on Vimont street late Tuesdayafternoon, having died sometimeMonday night. On Monday he wasseen on the street apparently in goodhealth. His neighbors had not seenhim on Tuesday, and late in the afterjj,oon they became alarmed abouthim. His house was found locked.An entrance, however, was made,and,., on entering his room, he wasfound on Tiis bed lying on his leftside. He seems to have died withouta struggle. Heart failure wasthought to be the trouble. He wasone. of our most indu-.trious coloredmen.' a stone mason by professionand well liked by all who- knewhim. He was interred in the coloredcemetery Wednesday morning.-4-hristmas passed off quietly. JThere was little demonstration.There was no public Christinas trftes,but a number of private trees in thehomes. The little folks were allmade happy, and, an the whole, itwas the happiest Christmas ever experienced here. The merchants allenjoyed a large business, this, too, inview of the fact that the "flu" banhad .just" been lifted. Had it notbeeji for that the merchants wouldhave sold out clean. As soon as itwsa known that the war had closedtlie Chrispias spirit took possessionof everyone, and everybody boughtliberally. ..There were a number ofChristmas dinners and family reurins: Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allene-.'"ertain a family reunion. AmongVn out-of-town guests present wereKv. and Mrs. L. R. Rogers and son,H.:- -vey Rogers, of Cane Ridge; Mrs.Adah. McClintock also entertained,and among her guests were SheriffWilliam G. McClintock and family,Paris, and Mrs.x Turner Perry, ofOwingsville; Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy"entertained Mesdames A. M. and K.H. Vaught, Dr. and Mrs. S. H. Crayton and son. Master Taylor Cray ton,of Indianapolis, Ind., Mr. and Mrs.K. B. Hutchings, of Lexington.oDEATHS.SOUSLEY.j. D. Sousley, Sr.. aged 72, diedat one o'clock Tuesday morning atthe home of his son, J. D. Sousley, onGeorgia street, in Winchester. Hehad been in bad health for severalyears, but had only been in bed aboutthre weeks.Mr. Sousley is survived by six children. Prof. Clarence Sousley, of thefaculty of State College, Pennsylvania J. D. Sousley, of Winchester;Mrs. J. Bush, .of Oklahoma; Mrs.Chas. Burns, of Fleming county; Mis.Clay Owens, of Paris, and Mrs. Alfred Nicholls, of Winchester.Cupid had a jfield day Tuesdaywhen five couples who who had beenstung by his darts, were grantedmarriage licenses by County ClerkPearce Paton. They were FrankBrothers and Miss Cora B. Mitchell,of near Millersburg; Raypiond B.Mclntyre and Miss Roxie Baker;Charles Garrison and Miss RubyClay Prather; S. R. Hudnall and MissSamantha Early wine; Amos Mansfield and Miss Phoebe Hutchens, andWm. Edgar Paton and Miss AnnaEads Peed, all of the county. Thelatter couple were married Wednesday afternoon.MILLION INVING.Miss Errie B. Million and Mr.James Irving, both of this county,secured license in Georgetown, Wednesday, and were united in marriageby County Judge J. Robert Lancaster, in his private office in the courthouse.ELSON HILL.Mr. John W. Hill and Miss Maxaline Elson, both popular youngParis people, were married in London, Ky., Monday, December 23, onlythe immediate relatives of the bridebeing present. After the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Hill came to Paris andhave gone to housekeeping in a homein White Addition, previously prepared. The bride had for some time beena member of the nursing staff of theMassie Memorial Hospital. Thegroom is connected with the plumbing establishment of Thomas W.Spicer.HILL.EARLYWINE HUDNALL.The parlors of the Y. M. C. A.furnished the setting and the background at 6:20 o'clock Tuesdayevening for a wedding in which' theprincipal were Mr. S. R. Hudnalland Miss Samantha Earlywine, bothof this county. The ceremony wasperformed in an impressive mannerby Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor ofthe" Paris Baptist church. The attendants were Mr. Holmes Smart, ofParis, and Miss Elizabeth Hudnall. asister of the groom.After congratulations and an exchange of good wishes from a largenumber of friends who had gatheredin the Y. M. C. A. Mr. and Mrs.Hudnall went to Carlisle, where tneywere guests at a wedding supper atthe home of the bride's relatives.From Carlisle they went on a shortwedding trip to Maysville and Cincinnati. On their return they Willreside at the home of the groom, nearSpears Mill, in this county.Mr. Hudnall is a well-known andpopular auto artisan of this city,where he has resided for many ye?is,and where he is highly esteemed.Some months ago he volunteered inthe service, and was assigned to dutyas auto mechanic inspector with theS. AT. C, at Camp Buell. Upon teirig released from the service he cameback to Paris, and will open a garageand auto repair stand at Spears Mill,in connection with his other work inParis. His bride is a handsomeyoung woman, the daughter of Mr,and Mrs. Hendley Earlywine. who-reside on the Jackstown pike, nearParis.The funeral of Mrs. Annie LewisHill,, aged twenty-six, who died Wednesday morning at the Massie Memorial Hospital, after a long illness,will be held at two o'clock this (Friday) afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in the Paris Cemetery by Rev, R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptist church.Mrs. Hill was the wife of Mr.Harry Hill," who resides on Railroadstreet. Besides her. husband, she issurvived by two children, FannieMay Hill and Lovelace Hill, onebrother, Ben Lewis, who is inFrance with the American Expeditionary Force, and Her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ben Lewis, of near Paris.THE APPEAL OP THE GARDENARMY.The United States School GardenArpny .gives an opportunity for a moreeffective appeal to the patriotism ofAmerican youth than is possiblethrough any local organization acting alone, even though it be Statewide in. its scope. Tying up the gardening activities of the schools to theGarden Army established and fostered by the President of the UnitedStates has given the work a dignityand. importance which would havebeen impossible under any otherplan. This fact is shown by the experience of many supervisors andteachers who have had experiencessimilar to that of Miss aiaoei j.Weeks, of Waltham, Mass., who sendsthis hopeful note:"I can't help telling you just whata great thing this army organizationhas been and is to the children. Recently 600 or 700 of my soldiers hada. splendid parade. It was long, andyet the entire distance they marchedlike true soldiers. My officers arehelping me. with garden inspection,-the' captains reporting at stated intervals. It has not only developed &jjense of responsibility, but theirwhole attitude has changed, for eachand every one seems to feel that hefa,,aua$eolute need to 'Uncle Sfn.'I - "amd know yoa must be reeiiriftg the same sort of word frommmy other places?'PEED PATTON.The marriage of Miss Anna EadsPeed, the handsome and vivaciousdaughter of "Mr. and Mrs. Daniel W.Peed, of Paris, and Mr. William K&gar Patton, of Lexington, Ky., andDurham, South Carolina, was quietlysolemnized at the home of the bride'sparents, on South Main street, at fiveo'clock, Wednesday afternoon. Theceremony was impressively performed by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. (After the ceremony and congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Patton motoredto Lexington, where they took aNorthbound train for a bridal trip toCleveland, 0., and other' cities, wherethe groom has extensive businessinterests. The bride was the onlydaughter of the household, and is acharming and attractive" young woman. She wore a traveling suit ofblue velour cloth, with hat, glovesand shoes to match.As the friends of the popular youngcouple gathered for the ceremony thewedding music was played by Mrs.Edward Faulconer. The weddingtook place in the library, the mantelbeing banked with potted plants andpink carnations. The ring ceremonywas used, followed by congratulations. The bridegroom is one of the leading tobacco men of the State, beingin this section as the representativeof the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.,with headquarters at Paris and Lexington.Among those present, friends ofthe bridegroom, were William McDowell, L. M. Land, James Pryor andWilliam Galloway, of Lexington;Mrs. James Fizer, of Mt. Sterling,aunt of the bride; Mrs. Anna Huffman, Mrs. W. E. Ellis, Mrs. . E. H.Foster, Misses maays ana MaineBaldwin, Elizabeth Tarr, Louise Wyatt and Martha Wvatt.Mr. and Mrs. Patton were the recipients of a "large number of handsome and useful presents, in additionto the good wishes and congratulations of a host of warm friends.oATO-DAY, FJ1 DEC. 2?Ethel ClaytonDEC, 30IN"The Girl Who CameBack"RUTH ROLANDin the 8th episode ofin "HANDS UP"SATURDAY.28Goldwyn Presents.Mae MarshIN"The GloriousAdventure"Also Billy Parsons Comedy"Birds of a Feather"MONDAYN 'Paramount Presents"THE EAGLE'SMATE"Also Sennett Comedy"THE SUMMER GIRLS"iEdward Van Leeuvve OrchestraADMISSION 22cGALLERYChidren Under 12 Not Admitted.WHAT A JATHEE SAID TO EDWINMAEEHAMHere's a poejauu-you should, ruadyourself, ask your wife to read it,learn it and teach, it to the chidren.It was written by Bishop Janies D.Hughes of -the M. E. Church, Pasadena,' Cal. - .Greater significance is given to hislines because of the fact that Dr.Hughes' son was killed in action andlies buried "somewhere" in France.MarkhanVs Question."0 mother, will you longer give;! yoursones . -To feed the awful nunger of theguns?What is the sworthwof all these battledrums . "HIf from the fields the loved one n6vercomes? vV3iat all these loud Hossanna tp thebrav) ' s-kIf all your share is some forgottengrave?The Bishou's noem is as follows! -JThe Unselfish Mother's Answer."God gave my son in trust to mje;Christ died for him, and he should beA man for Christ. He Is his own.And God's and (man's, not mine alone.He was not mine to give; He gaveHimself that he might help saveAll that a Christian should revere,All that enlightened men held dear.All to feed the guns? O,torpid soul.Awake and see life as a whole,When freedom, honor, justice rightWere threatened by the despot'smight.With heart aflame and soul alightHe bravely went for God to fightAgainst base savages whose pridThe laws of God and man defied iHe did nQ$.go to feed the gunsHe went to save from ruthless HunsHis home and country, and to beA guardian of democracy.'What if he does not come?' you say;Ah, well, my sky would be (more grayBut through the clouds the sun wouldshine,And vital memories be mine. ,'God's test of manhood is, I knowNot 'will he come?' but 'did he go?'My son well knew that he might die,And yet he went, "with purpose high,To fight for peace, and overthrewThe plans of Christ's relentless' foe.He dreaded not the battlefieldHe went to make fierce vandals yield.If he comes not again to meIshall be sad; but not that heWent like a man a hero trueHis part unselfishly to do.My heart will feel exultant prideThat for humanity he died.'Forgotten grave.' This selfish pleaAwakens no response in me,For, though his grave I )may not see,My boy will ne'er forgotten be,My real son can never die;'Tis but his body that may lie "In foreign land, and I shall keepRemembrance fond forever, deepWithfn my heart of my true son.Because of triumphs that he wdn.It matters not where anyoneMay lie and sleep when work is done.It matters not where some men liye;If my dear son his life must give.Hosauna I will sing -for him,E'en though (my eyes with tears bedim,And when the war is over whenHis gallant comrades conie again,I'll cheer theni as they're marchingby,Rejoicing that they did not die.And when his vacant place I see,My heart will bound with, joy that heWas mine so long my fair youngsonAnd cheer for him whose work is' done." ,eo -CHEISTJLAS HOME - COMING ISPLANNED TOR MEN OF 84THBIRTHS.Near Paris, to h.e wife of Mr.Thopaas Mitchell, & daughter.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Taylor Moreland, a daughter.To the wife of Mr. R. L. Burden, of near Kiserton, a, son.At the Massie Memorial 'Hospital, in this city, to the wife of Mr.Walter Kenney, of the county, a son.christened Robert Carey Kenney.In this city, ftp. the wife of Mr.Orie Smith, a . son, their first-born.Mrs. Smith was formerly Miss Dora."Colliver, of Paris;Christmas for the men of the 84thDivision will be marked by a festivehome-coming according to the plansnow being forumlated by the WarCamp Community Service to extend r.welcome to the men of the LincolnDivision should they reach Lduisvillein time for the holidays.This will be part of a program ofentertainment to be given 'duringChristmas week for the men fromCamp Zaohary Taylor and' CampKnox, who will not have an opportunity of returning home for Christmas furloughs. In -addition to theentertainments to be given in. honorof the men of the 84th Division, thetroops leaving the cantonjment willalso be given a farewell, sendoff.There will be dances, groups will ,beentertained in the homes" and specialfeatures of entertainment will be arranged. The Soldiers' Club, 619 r SouthFourth street, will keepjopenV houseduring thev holiday' season, withspecial entertainments on Christmasand New Years.WHEN FRANCE REBUILDS.great, will in the aggregate total avast sum. Partly because our people"Have you Americans any concep- reSrd the Americans so highly, andtion of what the requirements of ,are ful1 of admiration for the splenFrance will be, when the allies have I did tnins they are doing in ourwon the war and our nnimtrv wins ' country, and partly that we mayits work of reconstruction?" Thisquestion was askedme a- few days agoby a prominent business man ofParis,' France., who, having been gassed, canno longer fight, and is visiting this country. Fropn what he proceeded to relate it is evident thatcomparatively few on this side dorealize what our export trade 40France is destined to become."For many years," he said, "ourpeople s secured their machinery,printing presses, tools, electric machinery, and lighting fixtures, etc.,all from Germany. This was be-'cause German prices were lower thanother countries. But now! Germany could not name a price whichwould induce a Frenchman to buy ofher, no matter what his need.England will be busy supplying herown wants and those of her exportknow and read your language, greatnumbers of our people are studyingEnglish, not only to be able to readit, but to speak it as well. We expect to offer such attractive opportunities, especially to constructing engineers-and mechanics of all kinds,that thousands of your young menwill rqmain in France, at least during the first two years of reconstruction." 4EI. H. Windsor, in the December Popular Mechanics Magazine.FRANCE TO HAVE BOYS'GIRI CLUBS.ANDFrance is considering the adoption of Uncle Sam's methods of teaching better farming and home makingto boys and girls. Representativesfrom the French High Commission,trade, hence we are looking to your 1 lately in this country, made a pointcountry. Our textile mills, nearly all ! of studying caretuny tne mexnoas oiof which were in northeast France. I the Federal Department of Agricul-jfn& president in 1920 is Colonelsupply and suggesting the formationin France of a nation-wide system ofboys' and girls' clubs patterned onthose in Aanerica. It is expectedthat these clubs-will grow staple products garden produce, wool, farmgrain and forage crops, poultry andfarm animals on farms not devastated, the very soil of which must firstof all be put in condition. They willstimulate production by the youngpeople of France through organizedcontests' not only in farming but inhome enterprises, such as bread baking, garment making, cooking, andhome management.Americans in Paris have alreadyunpacked their native humor in theFrench capital. They call the telephone girl "Mademoiselle pas libre,"Miss Busy. From the Foreign NewsBureau.oAbout the largest hog ever re-p.p.ivp.d hfirp o.amfi to T. "FT. Thornhprrvfrom Arkansas. It weighed over 700pounds and theexpress was S25.13.Sebree Banner. '0Among others who are not alreadynominating and electing Gen. Persh-hnvp lontr sinoo hpfm dpstrovprf and ' ture and the State Agricultural; Col-the (machinery carried into Germany, j leges in conducting the boys' andOur textile manufacturers are al-; girls' clubs. Much of the informaready making a new start in south-, tion thus collected has been widelywest France; securing what little reprinted by the French press, acmachinery they can. With the end ! companied by editorial comment ex-of the war this industry will be one pressing the view that, the man andwoman power of France-having beendepleted or disorganized by war ser-of the first to resume, and we shallrequire, of textile machinery alone,Roosevelt.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPover 200,000.000 frances. I could go , vice, France for some time to comeon down a list of a hundred articles, i will be dependent in large part upon ,whose requirements, while not so its younger population for its food :Prompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSSlippers!Think of the joy, pleasure and comfort yotTglvewhen you give so appropriateandacceptablegift..Final After -Xmas ReductionOn the Balance of Our Holiday Shoes andSlippersi1" gK2kbfeBargainPrices on HolidayShoes & SlippersVisit our store and you willbe convinced that is thebest money-saving place inDependableFootwear!Slippers 49c UpLadies Dark Gray boots, best cus- qctorn makes. .v VSWLadies' Havana Brown English c AHBoots, calf tops POMULadies' Mahogany Tan English tfjo aqBoots, cloth tops to match, at pO.1Ladies' Gun Metal, button tfjo aqand lace, low heel, at tpA.tJMisses' Gun Metal, button jji qqMen's Dark Tan English Walk- C CAOver and other famous makes O.OUMen's Tan English, Best Makes, 4 e A,Men's Gun Metal Walk-Over, o aqEnglish .- 3rMen's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- 0 aing Shoes, heavy flexible soles V3AVBoys' Tan Xrmy Shoes a0 jaat $o.4yDAN COHENIS?-1Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reig aSfc2A