.f jT?t;f.f--'rjffP " ; vc- -i.i ,?NEWS-; hKS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1918THEBOURBONk"IN THE SERVICE OF THEIRCOUNTRY.Mr. Wm. Lenihan, of Paris, who isstationed at Camp Sheridan, nearMontgomery, Ala., as a member ofthe 149 th Infantry, who has heenvisiting his mother and family, inthis city, left yesterday for Columbus, Ohio, where he will report before returning to his duties at CampSheridan. He states that while allthe members of his command areready and anxious to see service overseas, there is no immediate prospectahead for them to do so, as far as hecould ascertain.Alvin Thompson, of Paris, who isa member of the Xr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, stationed atCamp Zachary Taylor, is at home ona furlough for a short visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Thomposn, near Paris. Mr. Thompson saysthe Paris boys are getting in goodshaps for active duty and are a greatdeal better than "rookies" now.Mr. Jos. J. Grosche, Master ofTrains for this division of the Louisville & Nashville, is in receipt of apost-card from his brother, Mr. LeoGrosche, announcing his safe arrivalin France. Young Grosche is a member of the Railway Telegraphic Battalion of the American ExpeditionaryForce now in France. He enlistedsome time ago while in the railwayservice at Grand Rapids, Mich.Mr. Charles McCarthy, of the E. F.Spears & Sons' office force, is a realpatriot. Mr. McCarthy, as a memberof the second draft call, would likelynot have been called to duty beforenext June or -later, but decided notto wait, and applied to the local Exemption .Board for permission to enlist voluntarily. This was granted.Mr. McCarthy is now at Camp Zachary Taylor, where he will go in training at once. Of this stuff are heroesmade!Dr. Edward C. Barlow, of Georgetown, well-known in Paris, has received his commission as a captain inthe medical department of the army,and is awaiting orders from the Government to leave for the service. Hei one of Georgetown's most prominent physicians, and comes from along line of medical men. He servedin the Hospital Corps in the SpanishAmerican, war.A letter from Mr. Barney Gartland,formerly of Stony Point, this county,to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. JamosGartland, tells of his safe arrival ata foreign port. He told of the splendid work being done by the Y. M. C.A. In describing his trip overseas,he told of an encounter with a submarine, but the details of the attackwere cut out by the military censor.A number of troop trains havepassed through Paris recently, boundfor ports of embarkment or someconcentration camp, their destinations being unknown and carefullyguarded. One of these passed throughover the Louisville & Nashville, Tuesday afternoon. Over 1,700 membersof the draft army from Camp Zachary Taylor have been sent to otherpoints, among them being EdgarDodge, Webster Harp and JosephMitchell, of Paris, and Jas. Collier,cf Millersburg.Two more "boys" from Bourbonwill be added to the naval service"soon, if they succeed in passing therequired physical tests for examination. Charles Tackett, for some time-with the L. & N., and later with N. A.Moore & Co., and Clifton Arnsparger,son of Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger, whois connected with the C. B. Mitchellestablishment, will leave Monday forFt. Thomas, where they will seekenlistment in .the Coast Artillerybranch of the service.Mr. John (Pete) Cain, of Paris, received a letter recently from his son,Private James E. Cain, who is "somewhere in France." The letter was abrief one, the writer stating that hewas in camp with a company of Alabama boys, and was in first-classhealth and in good spirits. He stated that the weather was cold, justlike Kentucky in February, butthey were kept hustling in camp sothey didn't mind it.The old Fourth Ohio Regiment habeen under fire in France. It is apart of the 166th Infantry, a unit ofthe Rainbow Division, which left forforeign service in September. Lieut.Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., of Paris,is in the 166th Infantry, but no newshas been received from him laterly,owing to the strict censorship. Thelast letter his parents received fromhim, some three weeks ago, statedthat he and his "boys" were well, andin high spirits.m TH mCOUNTY JUDGE BATTERTON SETSNEW PRECEDENT.County Judge George Battertonset a new precedent to be followed in- the future, when, in the County' Court, he ordered six quarts of whisfkey, which had been taken from a) convicted "bootlegger," to be turaedinto the Massie Memorial Hospitalfor medical purposes.It has hitherto been the custom for"officials to empty the booze into thefesewers after having been confiscated,feut Judge Batterton, after matureconsideration, decided to have it sentto the Hospital, to be used there forthe benefit .of sick patients. Hestated that he saw no reason, underthe law, why he should not put thewet goods to a good use by sending itto the aid "of patients at the institution, as the management had to purchase the liquor for, use of the patients there, anyway. "TOBACCO SEASON CLOSED WITH DRAFTED MEN TO LEAVE PARISSALES WEDNESDAY. i MONDAY.Wednesday witnessed the closingof the sales season on the Paris tobacco market, when the New Independent Warehouse Co. disposed of atotal of 24,120 pounds, for an average of ? 3 5.01. The sales for theseason of 1917-1918 brought afine total of 3,385,545 pounds, whichbrought in a total of $1,002,237.65,and making the season average"of$29.61. For the same time last season the sales reached a total of 2,154,690 pounds disposed of for thesum of $395,672, an average of$18.36. The sales for the presentyear exceeped those of the past season by about 1,230,855 pounds, witha difference of abut $11.25 in the season's average.Some of the best averages in thecrop sales at Wednesday's sales atthis house were as follows:Lyons & Ewalt, 2,675 pounds; average $30.13.Jacoby & Gray, 3,830 pounds; average $36.29.Marsh & McCord, 7,925 pdunds;average $40.69. ,W. H. Whaley, 3,270 pounds; average $40.67.Keller & Taylor, 3,585 pounds;average $28.28.D. W. Peed, 330 pounds; average$45.72.On Wednesday the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company sold atotal of 26,072 pounds of tobacco foran average of $34.32. For the entireseason this house sold a total of 6,170,025 pounds for a total moneyvalue of $1,785,917.39, or a seasonaverage of $28.93. In the 19161917 season they sold a total of 6,141,645 pounds for a total of $1,-110,631.89, or a season average of$18.38.Taking these figures as a basis theParis market has disposed of a grandtotal of 9,555,570 pounds of tobaccoin the 1917-1918 season, comparedto a grand total of 8,196,335 poundsfor the previous season, the figuresrepresnting a money value of $2,288,155.04. One of the features of the marketwas the fact that Mr. Wm. H. Whaley sold three crop lots at the Independent House at different times,each crop averaging $40.67.WEAR SOMETHING NEWOn Easter morning. Men's andBoys' Easter wearables here of thenewest and best style.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHILDREN DESTROY ELOWERSAND SHRUBS ON LAWNS.The police have received severalcomplaints from Paris housekeepersand property-owners regarding thexuthless destruction of flowers andshrubbery on their lawns, presumably done by school children on theirway to and from school.One of the complainants, who hasbeen an invalid for several years, ha3taken an especial pleasure in herflowering shrubs and plants. Shestated that she was shocked a fewmornings ago to find that vandalhands had utterly ruined the flowerswhich had been her delight and pleasure, and which she had tended withloving care. It seems to be one ofthe greatest temptations to heedlessyouth to mutilate and destroy whatcannot be replaced. The matter willbe looked into by the police, who willtake care that any offender caughtin the act will not be likely to repeat it again.la ?a laNOTICE TO CONSUMERS.To Our Electrical Consumers:On account of the high cost ofeverything at this time, we are forcedto ask our patrons who use electriccurrent to share with us a part of thegreat war burden.On April 1st we will reduce discounts from lc per K. W. H. to cper K. W. H. and readjust the rateschedule for electric lighting as tothe quantity used, but we will notiaise the unit price per Kilowatt inany case. These advances will be soslight that we feel assured that ourpatrons will cheerfully aid us in tiding over the period of high costs incident to the war and until normalconditions are again restored.Elsewhere in to-day's paper willbe found a copy of the new rateschedules which will be applied onApril bills.Assuring you of our regret thatthis has become necessary to preventlosses that would impair service andthreaten the existence of the Company, we remain as ever "alwaysready to serve."Yours truly,C. L. STEENBERGEN,Manager Paris Gas & Electric Co.(26-2t)Monday morning will witness theentrainment here of the fifty-threcolored men who were selected under the provisions of the selectivedraft law, to go to Camp ZacharyTaylor from Bourbon county, a3members of the second draft quotafrom the county.The men will report to the Bourbon County Board of Exemption,composed "of County Clerk PearcePaton, Judge Chas. A. McMillan andDr. Silas Evans, at their headquarters in the court house at threeo'clock, Sunday afternoon. They willthen receive their final instructionsand will be placed in charge of oneof their number, who will be designated as Captain. They will be inhis charge until they reach CampTaylor, where they will be taken incharge by the military authorities,and assigned to quarters and militaryduties. The men will be suppliedwith cigarettes, tobacco and toiletnecessities from a fund collected bythe people of Bourbon county for th'ppurpose.The men were given a receptionand farewell supper at St. Paul's M.E. Church, Tuesday night, by thymembers of the congregation. TheyI were served ice cream and cakes, andeach presented with an appropriateremembrance. A musical programwas rendered, and an eloquent address delivered by the pastor, Rev. T.L. Ferguson.As "the colored troops foughtnobly" at the battle of San JuanHill and saved the day for Col. Roosevelt, so will the colored men of Bourbon county fulfill a patriotic dutywhen they get into action. On thefiring line, after long months of therequisite training and discipline incamp life, they will be heard from acgood soldiers in defense of America.The men who will leave Mondayare:6 (1,455) Henry Ward Beecher.8 (1,117) Orville Lee Britton.9 (837) Chas. Henry Butler, Jr.10 (337) Sam Biddle.13 (509) Clarence Tutter.24 (784) Clarence Henderson.29 (373) Wm. Huff.33 (692) Allie Carr.46 (420) Wm. Small.53 (1,045) M. C. Meyman.58 (1,324) John Hampton.60 (140) Frank H. Parker.65 (652) John Wesley Taylor.72 (1,103) Charles Morris.76 (513) Roy Watts.77 (46) Chas. Boyd, (in jail.) .76 (1,099) Raymond Myers.87 (1,456) Joseph' Baker.107 (675) Charles Henry" Bristow,(not examined.) ;108 (1,274) Moses Bedford Sparks.Ill (343) Chas. Roscoe Bland.167 (1,314) Isaiah Downey.168 (1,0J6) Adam Dudley.169 (335) Dennis Allen.170 (1,430) Perry Thomas.177 (391) Wm. Letton.199 (1,142) Ulysses G. Munday.205 (957) Wm. Fields.216 (717) John Hall.228 (25) Martin Turner.229 (392) Geo. Earlington Letton.231 (383) Wm. Henry Johnson.244 (1,337) Louis Kellis.246 (1,250) Robert Givens, (notexamined.)251 (707) Louie Griney.255 (1,101) Henry Myers.267 (1,070) Clark W. Thomas.272 (1,234) Geo. Chinn.275 (1,118) Wm. Barton.277 (221) Franklin Johnson.279 (1,474) Wyatt Green.287 (1,091) Wm. Hogue, Jr.294 (477) John Q. Kellis.322 (424) Julius Talbott.305 (1,511) Frank Screech.332 (1,464) Robert Coleman.340 (1,343) Charles Nichols.345 (963) Charles Howard.356 4(92) Albert Patterson.361 (1,049) Wm. Horace Mitchell.366 (349) Robert Ernest Crombie.369 (501) Wm. Stanley.393 (435) Wm. Williams.tESL ORATORS ADDRESS ALARGE AUDIENCE AT GRANDThere was an outpouring of Parisand Bourbon county people yesteraay afternoon at the Paris GrandOpera House to hear Dr. Lyman Abbott, editor Of The Dntlnnlr nnrf TkErnest Powell, who came here under jiu (auspices of the National Councilof Defense, with messages to the peo-V. The crowd rivaled that whichgathered at the court house sometime ago in the Liberty Bond campaign, in that there was not evenstanding room in the house.After the invocation delivered byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, patriotic songswere sung by a choir composed ofsome of the best musical talent ithe city, under direction Mr. A. IBoatright. Hon. E. M. Dickson presided-at the meeting, and introducedthe speakers of the afternoon. Dr.Abbott spoke first, and in an addresslasting one hour, told in a most convincing way of the message theGovernment had sent him to conveyto the people. He was followed byDr. Powell, who had but just returned from the battlefields of wartorn Europe. Dr. Powell told in aremarkably fluent and eloquent manner of the cruelties and horrors practiced by the Germans, and of thenecessity of America straining ever 7resource to put the Huns out ofbusiness.1 isa teaSEED CORN FOR SALE.We have about 500 bushels ofWhite Seed Corn from Virginia, onwhich we have preliminarysts of97 per cent. We will book orderssubject to final germination test being satisfactory, at $5.00 per bushel,and for delivery when it arrives.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(26-2t)RED CROSS AUCTION SALE.There will be "great doin's" at thecourt house door, in Paris to-morrowI Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock,and it will be to the interest of everyone who can do so to attend.The b'ig auction sale for the benefitof the Red Cross Chapter of BourbonCounty will be held at the place andtime mentioned above. "Silver-voicedauctioneers" will be at the doorand conduct the sale, which will boone of the biggest events of this dayand generation. Everything from apin to a palace will be sold, providedthe palace can be securedPOUR-MINUTE SPEAKERS ENTERTAIN AUDIENCES.In accordance with the campaignof four-minute speeches promoted bythe Government in the interest ofConservation and Liberty Bonds, Attorney John J. Williams, on Monday night inaugurated the serie3with an address at the Grand OperaHouse. There were no addresses madeon Tuesday afternoon or night, buton Wednesday night Hon. E. M.Dickson made an eloquent and forceful talk at the Opera House, takingas his themft "Farm unr? fiorilonas his theme "Farm and GardenFrom Judsre C. A. McMillan -rolll anoalr rr.pins to Packards, from pigs to pies J the same subject at the Opera, Housanything, everything will go u-ndethe auctioneer's hammer. If you don'tattend and buy something, at least,to-morrow (Saturday) night.Chairman Williams attended ameeting of "Four-Minute Men" heldyou win prove yourseu a slacker of;m Louisville yesterday, at which,the worst kind. matters of interest affecting the four-All donations intended for this ' minute speaking campaign was dis-auction, wnicn is m a partrio tic cussed.cause, should be sent to the office ofMr. David D. Cline, County Attorney, Iin the court house, before noon, tomorrow, Saturday, March 30. Theywill be taken care of and placed in asecure place for the sale.rect from the Government and are-As these speeches are delivered"between acts" on the film dramas,it is earnestly requested that thoaudience remain seated and give thaspeaker their undivided attention.j The messages they give out are di-1 rect from, the OfYVAnrmpnt anr? aruu ISlPUBLIC SALE OF THREE SMALLPARMS MARCH 30.See plat and description of threewell-located small farms that will besold at public auction on March 30,on page three of this issue. Thisproperty is close in and very desirable for suburban homes. The termsare easy. Close to city, natural gasat door, and 3 minutes from interurban. (26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.MhKHURT IN RUNAWAY.Mr. Grover Butler was painfully,but not seriously hurt Wednesday,when a young horse he was driving,ran away. Mr. Butler was thrownfrom the buggy, striking the groundwith great force. He was removedto;his,liome and, given medical attention.'CLERK PATON'S JOKE.The Cumberland Telephone Co. hasbeen erecting several large poles onMain street, to replace the old onesthat have done duty so long. One ofthe big poles, about sixty feet inlength, was resting on a truck infront of the court house, awaitingerection in front of the A. J. Winters& Co. store.The big pole bore a striking resemblance in the position in which ithad been placed, to one of the bigmodern 14-in. guns that are now doing duty in France.County Clerk Pearce Paton conceived the idea of giving some officialsignificance to the "gun" and prepared a placard, which he placed on thepole. The placard, which occasioneda great deal of comment, read as follows: "This is the big gun, that has beenbombarding Paris at long range.Captured in France by Private JamesE. Cain, of Paris, (Ky.), a memberof the American Army."BOARD OF SUPERVISORS ADJOURNS AFTER LONGSESSION.The Bourbon County Board of TaxSupervisors, which has been in session in the court house for quite awhile, has completed its labors andadjourned yesterday. The member?of the Board have found they had abig job on their hands ia going overthe assessment, but, like good business men, they held on and completed their task.The adjournment will be 'for acertain period, in order to give theSheriff's office time to notify the taxpayers, who are to be summoned before them. The following week thevwill hear "complaints;"" AEXPERT LOOKING INTO GAS ANDELECTRIC SITUATION.SOLDIERS' BOOK CAMPAIGN CONTINUED THROUGH WEEK.Although the campaign for booksfor the soldiers and sailors practicallyclosed in this city and county lastweek, Miss Imogene Redmon, whohas been in charge of the movementhere, received word from the StateLibrary Commission at Frankfort,that the campaign would be continued through this week. The responseto the appeal had been very generous, and so many who desire to contribute had not had an opportunityto send their books in that it wasdeemed best to continue it.Over six hundred books were received at the Paris Public Libraryas..J5ourbon county's contribution tolle campaign, and more are expected.The number already received has tax-jed the storage capacity 61 the Libra-,ry, but room will be made for others 'yet to come. The Commission has"decided to begin the work of takingover the books, taking them firstfrom the nearest points, and those'from Paris will be taken as soon aspossible.WAR SAVINGS STAMP CAMPAIGN fraught with great meaning in thesetimes, of war.It's going to be "over the top" forthe people of Bourbon in the campaign to raise the allotment for theWar Saving Stamps campaign whichwas inaugurated some time ago. That Mr. W. H. Weiss, of Kansas City,is the prediction freely made yester- Mo electrical expert and consultingfla" j- x x , , engineer has been in Paris since-According to County Chairman S. Monday in consultation with the cityE. Bedford the county has now officials and the officials of the Parisleached a, total amounting to some- qq &. Electric Cothing over $100,000 and still going, Mr. Weiss has "been employed bystrong. There is still a large sum to the city to make an investigation ofbe raised, but Chairman Bedford and the gas and electric situation here,his able assistants are confident that and to inquire into the prices paidour people will not be found wanting by the city and by private consum-when the time comes, and that Bour- ers and n make a rep0rt to thebons allotment will be turned in on. r.itv nnnnoii tt?c ctn.v oro -armJ in the nature of an indefinite one.list of. yfr Weiss will determine whethernave or not it will be advisable for thetime.Recent additions to theBourbon county people whocome in the $1,000 club have raised city to construct its own lightingtue jiuiuuei iu luty-nine. ine most piantf and if his findings are to thatrecent additions are Thos. J. Judy. effect he will prepare and submit anvxiiiibpie, Auie kjt. j ones, estimate of the Trnhahle r.nst nf sima.Rebecca He will also gather informationLeslie about the gas situation which hasI caused "so much complaint and com-j ment during the recent winter, andCHESS AND CHECKERS CONTEST.'-111 recommend the passage of ordi-. .. i nances to regulate the public use ofThe third of the chess and checker natural gas.contest being played by the Chess and- vxChecker Club was brought to a successful conclusion at the Y. M. C. A,rooms Monday night. At checkersMr. Wm. Bowling was the victor, deCliftonHenry S. Caywood, Mrs.Simms, W. D. Mclntyre,Wheeler.a m MBIG PURCHASE OF MULES.One of the "biggest and best" purchases of that very essential farmf eating both contestants, viz: Bowl- animal, the mule, was made recentlymg defeated Ihomason an&lpster; Twhen .Mr- NewU Rankin, of Carlisle,Foster defeated Harris; Clarke lost bought of Harrison and Bath countyto Harris; Payne was defeated by parties, three car-loads of mules.Thomason, Clarke and Foster. In the The purchases were made fromchess contest Judge C. A. McMillan Jesse McKee and Joe Hedges, ofand Sherman H. Stivers played a tie Harrison county, Thomas Robinson,game. The -next contest will be play- of Bath county, and Jas Ralls, ofed on Monday night. The public is near Millersburg. The mules were aextended a cordial invitation to at- splendid lot and were shipped totend these contests. Tennessee.35WE KNOW MOW!YOUREASTER SUITShould Come FromMitchell & Blakemore'sIf you want style, fit and service our store can show you abetter selection of Spring clothes than you will find in other stores. SjStein-Bloch and Michael Stern'sFine Ready-to-Wear ClothesAre Sold Exclusively By Usand the tailoring and style found in such well known makes as WMn&?7 these are equaled by none. Kk;;'aiVERY EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND PATTERNSfor the young man and the more conservativestyles for the man who wants to be well dressedbut not extreme. Fancy greens, tans, olives andfancy greys predominate this season. Strictlyall wool clothes at prices within the reach of all$15.00 to $35.00Sprint Patterns In Manhattan Shirts and WilsonBros.' Make. Linen, Madras, Pongee and Silks frem$2.00 TO $10.00' KHPXflSfl'SiaMMITCHELL & BLAKEMORElJohn B. Stetson Hats Nettleton Shoes Maihtttai Shirts. fMv-3HE V SHE 3HHE W--flGETWOISUDAY, MARCH It, Ifl.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Y.MI-'111!7 BOURBON NEWS"Established 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayPer Year.. 2. 00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.- This paper hzs crJisted"wiih'ihe government in thecatose of America for the.period of the warEDITORIAL MUSINGS.-":Get Ready For The Change In Time.Time will take its record-breaking1'flight Sunday night, when, in accordance with the recently-passed daylight saving act, every clock and-srery watch in the city of Paris" will be turned forward one hour.After much discussion the generalopinion has settled that except forthe apparent presence of more dayTlight in the afternoon and night," -there will be no obviov.s difference in- -either the routine or particular activities of Paris.' The big clock in the court housetower, the timepieces in the railroadoffices, and the Government Building.the hundreds of clocks, big and little,watches, alarm clocks, in fact, everyconceivable sort of timekeepers, all-will be moved up simultaneously,jand, once the difference has beei, made up, nobody will realize the difference until the official order comes-in October to "Backward, turn back-ward, 0 Time, in your flight.".In many places the change in time"-will be made on Sunday, and on Monday morning the average man willoifen his eyes an hour earlier than-usual, and go to work, just to find"that he has reached his place ofbusiness at the ordinary hour. The, changes of the railroad schedules, al -thoughdefinite information is not yet-at hand, from the division offices,-will, it is understood, be accomplished by sending the trains from ter" mfnals one hour earlier than usual on"Sunday.General sympathy has been ex-" pressed for the jewelers of the city.In their establishments, where there- axe a great number of watches andblocks, constantly going, there willbea .great deal of work to be accom-plfeh'ed in moving each one up one'hour. This will cause a great dealof inconvenience.Business Men In War Time.There is too little appreciation.even by business men themselves, ofthe part business men are playing in' the conduct of the war. Up to thepresent time the function of Congresslias been compared to that of a Justice of the Peace at a marriage cer--einony.The Justice simply legalizes-arrangements which have been decided on in advance, down to thilas'tr detail. That is all that has beenaked of Congress in the war up to4ate.Business men have bsen charged- with, the responsibility of outliningprograms, and then executing theirown plans. Business men are incharge of ship building; they arer i designing, standardizing and mak-" ing- our aeroplanes; they are build-h ing oar- motor trucks; they are co-brdinating our internal transporta--tion; they are making pur munitions;they are conserving our food; theyare clothing our army and navy;. they have raised and are adminis-itenng our Red Cross funds; they organized the selling campaign of the"Liberty Bonds; they backed the- movement to get money for the Y. M.- JC A. And no set of business 'men in- the country did a better part in the.latter movements than those of Paris- -ijdA Bourbon county.Business men are enabled to dothese things because they are train-v-a in action. They know how to an-sjLiyze their problems. They know"5Jjr-to- get others to co-operate" They know how to direct those who" .are less competent, thus making"'tidm more productive- They are ac-vcvxjtomed to accepting responsibility.' Tfoey talk little and do much. These-rtt the qualities which the country' -r:4femands in the conduct, of -the -war,'&.' - i i 1 i -" xi.uu vuey are no iesH vaiuaDie in niusV!fa ! TTTSt.1. 4.1 4.sro: peace, wiin me return oi peace itk jif our belief tkat business men willcWtinue in the business.Don't Blame Us!- j Don't blame the newspaper man forVwh&t happens in the communiiyt Ifttkre is anything ia. tlie lite of the."$ce that ysu do not wiik to goVarod in ths world, blame yourself'liufct' it-exists not the afer for say-fag, something about it. It is the ed-t' -iW'duty ts Wake a typographicalsijkotgrah of the town each wee- aad If you take a homely picture, -dsstft'kick the instrument, but try to5itt a better expression oa. your facejth next time. .A WEEK'S TilPractically Well of RheumatismSince Taking New TanlacRadium TreatmentWhen E. E. Sammons, 3530 Woodburn avenue, Evanston, Cincinnati,started taking Tanlac ItheumatistnTreatment a week ago he was downin bed and had been for six weeks.To-day he is up and around; doesnot suffer any at all liom rheumatismpains, and says he is going back cowork soon. He gives Tanlac Rheumatism Treament all the credit forhis remarkable improvement."My rheumatism got so bad that Ihad to quit work and the last sixweeks I haven't even been able to getout of bed," said Mr. Sammons. "Ihad aches and pains and twinges allover my body. The pains were worsein my left side. They'd start in myhip and run down my leg."I tried everything, but nothinghelped me."I read in the papers about TanlacRheumatism Treatment and sent mywife for a bottle. That was just aweek ago to-aay, and in just oneweek Tanlac Rheumatism Treatmenthas improved me so much that I'm upout of bed; all the aches and painsand twinges have disappeared entirely, and my limbs don't -hurt me abit any more."The radium emanations in TanlacRheumatism Treatment certainly dothe work. I'm practically a well manand I surely want to recommend thismedicine to everybody suffering fromrheumatism."If you suffer from rheumatism gotTanlac Rheumatism Treatment to-daya:id get a real medicine for thisdreaded complaint. You can get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment at Var-den & Son's. (adv)ISi E2 5POOT) ADMINISTRATOR SUGGESTSNO APRIL POOL CANDY.According to reports received hereyesterday District "Food Administrator, William E. Simms, of Lexington, has requested that the annualwaste of material used in making"April Fool candy" be eliminatedthis year, on account of the pressingneed of fodstuffs in winning the war.The following statement was receivedhere from Mr. Simms:"The suggestion has been made tothis office thatthis jear the. annualwaste of materials used in making'April Pool candy' and other substances should be eliminated, and Ithink it is an excellent idea. I wishyou would give through the columns of jrour papers all the publicity to this you can. Ask all the confectioners' shops candy makers, andthose in private homes to forego thisfoolish waste of valuable foodstuffsat a time when our country is in direneed of all the saving in the food linethat is possible."a 151 aWHAT A PIG CLUB BOY HAS DONEIn May of 1916 I bought two registered Duroc-Jersey sow pigs at twomonths old for $10 each. I fed themon a balanced ration of corn shorts,tankage and skimmed milk. I fedthem until the county fair and exhibited them there, winning first andthird in the pig club contest, and second on best gilt, and second on bestpailr of gilts in the breeders' classes,The first premium in the pig clubcontest was a free trip to the Kentucky State Fair.At the State Fair one of my giltswon second in both the pig club contest and the breeders' class.After the contest I kept feedingthem a good growing ration, beingcareful not to get them overfat forbreeding purposes.The two sows have raised twentyfive pigs out of thirty in two litters.I have sold about $450 worth of pigss,nd have two spring gilts coming onfor next year.With this money I have bought alegistered Jersey cow and a registered Shorthorn heifer, and own half in- jterest in a $bu uuroc ooar.I believe in pure bred live stock onthe farm. They may cost a littlemore in the beginning, but they return the most profit in the end.David C. Walter, in Southern Agriculturist.E3 3HUB NEUBALGIA PAINAWAY. DON'T SUPPERInstant Relief! Rub Nerve Torture ,Pain and Misery Risrht Out With"St. Jacob's Liniment."Conquers pain never fails.Rub soothing, penetrating "StJacob's Liniment" right on the acheor pain, and out 'comes the neuralgiamisery.Here's a joyful experiment! Tryit! Get a small trial bottle from yourdruggist; pour a little in your handand rub it gently on the sore, achingnerves, and before you realize it injust a moment all pain and neuralgia disappear. It's almost magical,but the joy is, that the misery doesn'tcome back. No! The nerves aresoothing and congestion is relievedand your neuralgia is overcome.Stop suffering! It's needless neuralgia and pain of all kinds, eitherin the face, head, limbs or any partof the" hody, is instantly banished."St. Jacob's Liniment" is perfectlyharmless and doesn't burn or discolorthe skin. In use for half a century.(adv)The U-boats have "done to death"says a Britisfi. calculation 14,120non-combatant men and women ofEngland.The American army in Prance hasa weekly newspaper. The Stars andStripes, "which will have 2,000 wordsof cabled news in each issue. ' -ATOSamOHjfJBEBj GOK KWT-TpaS.-TO!THISHNews has' been received from'Washington to the effect' that awrong impsession has gone outwithregard to the future of knitting articles. It was not the intention ofnational headquarters to cut down altogether on the production ofsweaters, so chapters may use up allthe ypri that they have on hand oron order, for this purpose.It -vlll be necessary, of course, t')built, up a large reserve of sweatersto hare on hand for next winter.However, witti the advance of warmweather and with arrangements already made to take care of immediate needs, it is felt that for a whileit would be advisable to devote moreenergy to the knitting of socks.There is always a tremendous demand for socks and the Red Crosswill never be able to supply them.But we jmust also prepare for thesweaters that will be needed nextwinter. So while we may, for thepresent, specialize very greatly onsocks, we must not give up entirelythe production of sweaters.The supply of wristlets has beenfilled for the present, and no moreare called for.hMliSECOND DRAPT MEN NOT TO BECALLED SOON.According to information givenout by the local Board of Exemption,it is not thought the men who weieexamined for the last draft calledwill receive orders for service forsome time yet.The next quota to leave this citywill be the fifty-three colored menwho are scheduled to start on nextMonday morning for; Camp ZacharyTaylor. This will complete the quotafrom this couty for the first draftcall. Before the others leave it willbe necessary for the Government toissue orders calling out the seconddraft, and this has not as yet beendone. It is thought that this may beissued soon after Secretary of WarBaker returns from the Westernfront. After the orders come it maybe some weeks before the men in thiscounty are called to the service. Inill probability it will not be beforeJune.jes ii aThere is more Catarrah in this section of the courtry than all other diseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed lojcal remedies, andby constantly failing to cure with local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced byconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufactured byF. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts thru the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the SystemOne Hundred Dollars Reward isoffered for any case that Hall'sCatarrh Medicine fails to cure: Sendfor testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0Sold by all Druggists, 75c. fellsHall's Family Pills for Constipation.(adv. March)fe te tssCountry Produce High.All dairy products are higher nowthan they have ever been in the history of the country. The price ofbutter and milk is steadily advancingand the meat prices are also boundto increase. This is not the resultof the combination of the meat packers or any other so-called trust methods. It is due solely to the scarcityof cattle in this country. The openrange Has disappeared and the farmer is now raising corn instead of cattle. Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Carrie Coleman and Others . Plaintiff.;Vs. Notice of Sale.'John Frazier and Others. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment and order of sale rendered atthe November term, 1917, of theBourbon Circuit Court, the undersigned Master will, onSaturday, April 6, 1918,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about thehour of 12 o'clock (noon) a. m., sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the following describedproperty:A certain lot or parcel of land lying and being in Bourbon County,Kentucky, "on the waters of Houstonand bounded as follows:On the North by the Bethlehemand New Hopewell Turnpike; on theEast by Jim Murphy; South by KingBrooks; on the West by Will Williams; supposed ;tb contain twoacres, more, or less, and being thesame property conveyed to Isaac Frazier by George Arnett and RebeccaJ. Arnett, his wife, by deed datedMay 22, 1978, recorded in DeedBook 65, page 84, in the office of theClerk of the "Bourbon County CourtSaid sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute two bonds for equalparts of the purchase price, withgood surety, to be approved by theCommissioner, due six and twelvamonths from date Of sale respectively,and bearing interest at six per cent,per annum from date until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments, and the purchaser may.iat his option, pay cash. Said sale ismade for the purpose of a divisionamong the parties in interest.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner.Kmar22-29-aprS) 'NNIMUS1600 ensAfter Being Relieved of Organic Trouble by Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable"Compound.Oregon, 111.--" I took Lydia E. Pinknam s Vegetable Compound for an or.game trouble wmVpulled me down until I could not put rr.:foot to the floor anLcould scarcely do mjwork, and as I liveon a small farm anaraise six hundredchickens every yearit made it very hardfor me.."I saw the Compound advertised inour paper, and triedit It has restoredmy health so I can do all my work andI am so grateful that I am recommending it to my friends." Mrs. D. M.Alters, R. k. 4, Oregon, 111.Only women whohaye suffered the tortures of such troubles and have draggedalong from day to day can realize therelief which tnis famous root and herbremedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, brought to Mrs. Alters.Women everywhere in Mrs. Alterscondition should profit by her recommendation, and if there are any complications write Lydia E. Pinkham'sMedicine Co., Lynn, Mass., for advice.The result of their 40 years experienceis at your service.MAY EXTEND DRAPT AGE TOMEN OP 45.Senators withouts much as a record vote during consideration ofsome army bills, rejected a proposialby Senator Hardwick to excuse drafted men from liability to militaryduty if they have parsed 31 withoutentering the national army."The nation may need not onlymen who have passed the age of 30,'declared Chairman Chamberlain, ofthe Military Committee, "but thoseas old as 45, and possibly those between 18 and 21."Position Wanted.Position as manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)FOR SALESet of dining room furniture; almost new; a superb set. Call on oraddress,MRS. N. A. MOORE.For SaleI offer for sale privately, mybuilding lot on Seventh street, adjoining the property of Prof. T. A.Hendricks. Call on or addressH. J. GROSCHE,Both Phones 222.Our PricesderatePrices depend upon rhe style ofmountings and kind of power oflenses. In the mountings there, js achoice of solid g&ld, gold-filled anlother materials. Lenses may be flator toric (wide field) ; various kindsof bifocals are supplied, as required.These factors make a considerablerange in prices.Our prices for all services and supplies are as low as is consistent withthe highest standard of service andmaterials.We have the latest thing inframes. If you need glasses, give usa call. Consultation free.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHl: Grocery Co.A Phone 376lllliFvfTT "VmSskml 1 1 1 1Fafjnit ftfrrSale at Auction!In front of the Court House, onMonday, April 1, 1918,iCLUri-?a;y) ? !! o'clock a m., we will sell at public outcry 91 acres ofsplendid land, with good 5 room cottage, 4 acre tobacco barn, corn crib,buggy house, smoke house, 5 bushels of fine onions, now up, 18 acres inrye, 35 acres in clover and timothy.LAND ALL LAYS WELL AND IS FAIRLY WELL'l'ENCED.This farm (known as Dr. Moore place) is situated on the Jacksonvilleand Centeryille turnpike, one-half mile from graded school, 8 miles from1 aris, 3 miles from Elizabeth Station, 2 miles from Centerville. Thislarm will be sold if we get any bidders. The deferred payments will becarried at 5V2 per cent. Possession given immediately.. There will be a large banner posted in front of the residence. Any oneinterested please call Paris Realty Company, either phone, and we will beglad to show you the place.Don't forget the day and date County Court Day. Mondav. April 1,at 11 a. m. PARIS REALTY. CO....Autcioneer.((26-2t)Public SaleOf 25 Head ofIllinois Farm Mares!County Court DayApril 1st at 1 1 O'clockat T. G. Morris, stable, on Main Street. Ages 3 to 6 years, 1200to 1400 pounds, sound and good workers. This is the best lot ofmares ever shipped to Paris. Come and look them over Saturday.WOODS LIVE STOCK CO.,J. H. JORDAN, Sales Manager.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K-vrv VULCANMa&Bfcv Blfc5&sTRY THE lm. 1VULCAN. y - ,Well Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point ha Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and m theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Pries Sscond.-TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE-Don't let others try to put off "something just as good" others are similar, but they don't stand the racket.PlowWith a PlowThat Will PlowTHE VULCANHas Stood TheTest Of Years !Here's the Place to Get theGenuine;C. S. BALLCor. Fourth andpar;B. RpntnnVvW. DAVISv:"BEST Ql AllftCHILLED91 rLUff 0The Vulcan Plow Co.,EVA7ISVILLE, 1ND.MAGEPleasant 8t.v'tJT J if ,V-- m, JX .1(Sr ?-c"-,- spwr -F F Ml F -IB VvK" FORBENEFIT OFmmil,AT THE COURT HOUSEDOORr Mm 9irs5Pins to Packards, and Pies to Pigs Sold to Highest Bidder,IIIti v-DoYourv.Bitk.ALLDONATIONSMust Be Left With Mr. David Cline at the Court House BeforeNoon, Saturday, March 30th.I v:sr5Sim iKmymm mntwiXfy&MTHB BOURBON NKWS, PARIS, IT.FRIDAY; MARCH S, liltnx ioninAA RIDICULOUS RUMOR.1 ( Courier- Journal)' There could have been no moreabsurd rumor none more palpablyfalse on its face than the rumorAv-hich excited so many KentuckiansSunday that the German Kaiser andCro?n Prince, with 150,000 Germansoldiers, had been captured by theBritish.The Kaiser and his offspring neverget near enough to the fighting fronttobe captured. They never will getnear enough, however the fortunesof war may go against them, to bscaptured with 150,000 of theirtroops.The Kaiser has six sons holdingimportant positions in the army, andthough millions of the troops whichtfcey command have been killed orwounded, not one of these Hohenzollern princelings has beenThe Kaiser may be captured someday. He will be captured unless hedecides to make peace on terms ofthe Allies, or unless he gets hisdeserts of "no quarter." But he willnever be captured with 150,000 oihis troops. He will have run toofast and too far for any such, bodyas 150,000 soldiers to keep in sightof him.m nNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Toil are hereby notified to boilall water used for drinking or domestic purposes, whether, it be fromhydrant, cistern, well or spring.This is important, and yon will govern yourselves accordingly. 3"By order of Board of Health.By A. H. KELLER,(12-tf ) Health Officer.A New Spring HatCOMDrG ATTKACTIOHS AT THEALAMO AND PARIS GBAND.NOTICE Under the provisionsof the new daylight saving act, theehouses will move forward with theclock. Commencing Monday theywill open one hour earlier by the oldtime, or, in other words, will open at2:00 and 7:00 p. m., but by the newtime.RELIGIOUS. .For25 Cents$Jf3Tou can color your straw hatfresh and dainty withCOLORITE!In most every shade, or you cancolor your straw hat to match anew dress.vGet a bottle to-day. We haveall colors.To-day, Friday, March 29 Government and Ladies' Day. twoladies admitted on one paid admission, nlus the war tax: Enid Bennett, in "The Keys of the Righteous;" King Baggot and MargueriteSnow, in the third episode of "TheEagle's Eye."To-morrow, Saturday, March 30Frank Keenan, an old Pans favoriteon the legitimate stage, in a picturization of "Loaded Dice," a, flve-paUPathe production; The Riot Squad,in new Big V. Comedy; Hearst PatheNews No. 20.Monday, April 1 Billie Burke, in"The Land of Promise," a fine Paramount production: Mack Sennettcomedy, "Watch Your Neighbor,"featuring Charles Murray and MaryThurman.1 m iKV. C. HIGH-GRADE FERTILIZER.Burley Tobacco giower and trucKgrowers' favorite.(22-4t) W. C. DODSON.Ea ts fcaTHREE SMALL PARMS TO RESOLD AT AUCTIONThree small farms, or home sites,on the Clintonville pike, just outsidethe city, will be sold Saturday, March30. Each tract fronts 210 feet. Seedescription and plat on page 3.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPBAKES.Brooks &SnappDrugCo.Phones 46415 Main SlLOCAL RED CROSS CHAPTER ISTHANKED FOR DONATIONSMrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Chairmanof the Paris Chapter, American RedCross Society, hands in the followingletter received by Mrs. Denis Dundon,Secretary of the local Red Cross Society: 51 Rue de Ponthieu,Paris, March 5, 1918.The Secretary Paris Chapter,American Red Cross,Paris, Kentucky.Dear Madam:It is with great pleasure mat Iwrite to notify you of the safe arrivalof a case from the Paris Chapter cfthe American Red Cross, containinghospital supplies, which I wish toassure you are most welcome.This is the first time we have received a shipment from your oodselves (since the formation of thenew Department called Section -of Donations.) I trust it will not be longbefore we can add several more ofyour splendid good.; to our supplied,which are rapidly being called forand shipped to our base hospitals.Yours very truly,SECTION OF DONATIONS,George T. Rice; Chief.rmiMninmmmMMwmmmjBMEmmMMMMam,RBDFBRNCORSETS1 'The Ne Plus Ultra of Corsetry'The Hon. Mrs. Grahame was afamous beauty of her time, andwas considered one of the mostbeautifully dressed women sobeautiful that Gainesborough required no accessory in his painting. The proportions of her figureso carefully taken denote, thatshe could have worn this model.Nature gave her a low bust,and this little model would haveheld the bust and cunningly indented the waist with that verystraight front and back line somuch the vogue.This beautiful model ismade of fine batiste. Itexquisitely completes thelingerie of the well dressedwoman.$4 up.Back Lace. Front Lace.s$ ,ij x-WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.At the evening service at theChristian church Sunday, the pastor,Rev. W. E. Ellis, will preach aspecial sermon on the subject of "TheWar."The Endeavor Society of thoPresbyterian Church will meet af6:30 in the court house Sunday evening. Subject will be, "Lessons Fromthe Risen Christ's Forty Days.'Leader, Mrs. Wilcox.The congregations of the First andthe Central Presbyterian churches atMaysville have perfected plans forconsolidation. The merger was practically agreed upon when the membership voted unanimously to consolidate the two churches. Theyhave been separated since the CivilWar.The Christian Endeavor Socieiyof the Christian church will meet inthe church parlors at six o'clock,Sunday evening. A special programhas been arranged for the occasion.The subject will be "Lessons Fromthe Risen Christ's Forty Days."Leader, Miss Esther Boatright.Churchgoers, don't' forget thatthere will be a change in the hoursof meeting, to conform to the requirements of the daylight-savingact. The time will be advanced onehour. Keep your eye on the clock,and don't forget the change in time.This will still bring you to churchot the same old time, though in away one hour earlier.The Teachers' Training Class ofthe Christian church Sunday school,which is taking advanced work willmeet next Tuesday afternoon at fouro'clock, with Mrs. Moore, on Cypressstreet. The Workers' Conference ofthe same school will meet in thechurch, parlors Wednesday night, juotafter the prayer meeting.The seventh annual session ofthe State Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church convened at the First Methodist church, inLexington, Wednesday, with an attendance of about two hundred delegates and visitors. The features ofthe morning session were the reportsof the 'young people's work, by MissLaura Lilleston, of Paris. One ofthe features of the afternoon session was the report of the Superintendent of Social Service, Mrs. Oakford Hinton, of Paris. Miss LauraLilleston conducted the childrens.'services at the night session yesterday. The Sunday School of the Baptist church will give a missionaryprogram at the church Sunday morning, at the close of the regular session of the school. This programwill take the place of the regularpreaching sermon. The program willbegin about 10:30 and last aboutone hour. The public is cordially invited, and any who expected to comto the regular church service are asked to be at the church by 10:30:This is the annual missionary dayofthe Sunday school, and the schoolexpects to make an offering of $100for missions. The regular night service will be an Easter service, andwill begin at seven o'clock. Prayermeeting next Wednesday evening atseven o'clock. This is the time for thmonthly business meeting. Everymember of the church is urged to bopresent.m Ea toNOW SHOWING BEAUTIFULSPRING LINE.See our beautiful line of dressginghams, middie blouses and children's dresses just received. '(22-3t) THE RACKET STORE.l!S fe 151PUBLIC SALE OF THREE SMALLFARMS MARCH 30.See plat and description of threewell-located small farms that will bssold at auction on March 30, onpage 3 of this issue. This property isclose in and very desirable for suburban homes. The torms are easy.Close to city, natural gas at door,and three minutes from interurban.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.lE H felCHEMICAL ANALYSIS SHOWSLOCAL WATER SUPPLY PURERecently Mayor E. B. January sentsamples of water taken from hydrantslocated at different points in Paris,and a sample of the water taken fromStoner Creek to State Sanitary Engineer Curry for an analysis. Thewater was sent to determine whetheror not it was fit for human consumption. A recent communication from Engineer Curry is most assuring to thewater consumers in Paris, as it showsthat the water from water mains examined by him is free from pollutionand entirely safe to be used for drinking purposes. The communication isas follows:Bowling Green, Ky.March 25, 1918.Hon E. B. January, Mayor,Paris,Kentucky.Dear Sir:We have made bacteriological examination of the four samples ofwater submitted by you with the following results:The sample from Stoner Creek,where the Water Company securestheir supply before being pumped into their filtering plant, shows pollution with colon bacillus or sewagebacteria derived from intestinal discharges, as would naturally be expected from untreated water.The other three samples taken fromhydrants at the High School and theresidence of Mr. Wm. Schrote showno evidence of pollution in the present samples, and we hope you cancontinue to operate your plant so thatyou can at all times secure sterilewater for drinking and domestic use.We trust you will send us the otherfour bottles with samples of waterfor analysis at your earliest convenience. If we can be of further service toyou, please call upon us.Very truly yours,D. P. CURRY,. State Sanitary EngineerA GOOD LAW, xftOne of the bills that passed b6thhouses of the Legislature at th recent session was one requiring automobiles to use a standard make ofheadlight, so as to do away with theglaring, blinding effect that has beenthe cause of numerous accidents onthe roads in the county. The bill requires the use of a headlight so arranged that it will not cast a lightabove a certain number of feet aheadif the machine. It must be made of aspecially constructed prism so arranged that the glare of the lightis thrown down on the road ahead ofand not directly on a level with theheadlight of the machine.This will be hailed with delight bythe more considerate autoists andothers who use the road at night. Wehave heard of numerous cases ofwhere persons riding along the roadsat night in vehicles have been almostblinded by the glare of an approaching headlight. The more cautiousones would draw off to one side ofthe road rather than risk loss of lifeor limb by the reckless driving ofsome chauffeurs, who could notprofit by their own light. Othershave been less fortunate, and as a result the services of a physician, alsoof a repair shop were in demand.m t toFISH OF ALL KINDS.Fresh caught fish of all kinds received to-day. These fish are all welliced and are kept in clean, sanitaryrefrigerators, free from dust and insects. We dress them free of chargefor our customers.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEAP(26-2t) MARKET.For Rent.Two -nicely furnished front bedrooms, in Nippert Flat, over Linville Shoe Store; for gentlemenroomers. Apply on premises.(29-3t) MRS. N. A. MOORE. vFound.Two fine silk umbrellas, ladies'size, have been found in the' lobby ofthe Paris postoffice. Owners can obtain them by calling at general delivery window, proving property andpaying costs of advertising.Three GreatEssentials of BuyingLow prices, high quality and largequantity. The beautiful sweet-tonedLagonda Playerpiano has all three.The price $650 is low when youyou consider the extra high quality.It has the weight, too, which Js necessary for a good tone. Call and seeand near itBROWN'S MUSIC STORE,(29-lt) 209 Mam Street.FRANK&CO.THE RELIABLE STORESpring 1918-JNOW SHOWINGNew Spring MaterialsOF EVERY DESCRIPTIONSilks, Dress GoodsVOILES, POPLINS,GINGHAMS, SHIRTINGS,SKIRTINGS. WAISTINGSWHITE GOODS IN NEW STYLESNOVELTIES OF ALL KINDS IN NEWWASH GOODSREADY-TO-WEARSUITS, SKIRTSSILK AND WASH DRESSESCOME IN AND SEEOUR STOCK.FRANK & CO.?PUBLIC AUCTIONOPSmall Suburban Farms!SCALE ZOO FEET TO THE INCH.f fcfr-"MlL .'fm vi hiiiici li i" m i iM in n; iwHwti in' iiitiiii iShy.63B'1No 3, 3.68 A.803 vNo 2 4.02 Acres.949'Kb JL ?1 Acres,1116'3ChristmanfWe will sell at public auction, without reserve, on the premises, on the Clintonville pike, justoutside the City limits of Paris, onSaturday, March 30, 1918beginning at 11 o'clock sharp, three desirable small farm 3, containing from four to five acres each.These small farms or home sites are situated on the So ith side of the Clintonville pike, having afrontage on said pike of 210 feet.The land is in a high state of cultivation, being excellent soil for the cultivation of hemp, truckgardens, tobacco, etc. Bach tract is an ideal one for a home site, and investors can feel assured ofadequate returns on their money invested here.These tracts are located in a neighborhood built up with substantial homes, and all occupied bygood neighbors.Natural gas is easily obtainable from these tracts, the main gas-line passing directly in frontof the land.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.For information apply to the undersigned, who will take pleasure in showing the property toprospective purchasers.1 HARRIS & SPEAKES2fc , . IlV-' u:m t - RmA Estate Actnts, PARIS, KY..vj'"2( itM4vf-fFRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1818THE BOURBON NEWS, PAKIS, KY.wfKL((tJr''iferkfO THE ESTNOTHING ELSESEED OATS.Seed Oats; test 4opounds; purity 99 1 -2per cent; gemination98 per cent. CloverSeed; Timothy Seed'.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(mar8-8t)EASTER SUITS TOR BOYS.Military styles are very popularfor boys from 3 to 15 years. Thebest of them here.J. W. DAVIS & co:DRYPARIS MAN PURCHASESCLEANING BUSINESS.Mr. Wallace Clark, of Paris, haspurchased the dry cleaning businessof Mr. Jesse Bartlett, on Lexingtonavenue, in Winchester. Mr. Clarlc,who conducts the Electric Dry Cleaning establishment in Paris, will operate the Winchester plant in connection with his Paris plant, dividingtime between the two concerns. Wocommend Mr. Clark to the citizens ofWinchester as a first-class businessman.!Q ISLAST CHANCE FOR SORGHUM.Extra special for Saturday Sorghum in gallon buckets at 90 centsthe bucket.C. P. COOK & CO.THEY ARE THANKFUL.Miss Imogene Redmon, librarianof the Paris Public Library, andthose who were associated with herin the recent campaign for books forthe soldiers and sailors, extend theirthanks to the public for the generor.sresponse imade to the appeal.The most sanguine expectations ofthe promoters of this work have beenrealized, and Paris and this community have again demonstrated theirpatriotism in making such a contribution to the encouragement, recreation and education of America'sdefenders.F COURT OE APPEALS DECISION.By the terms of a decision rendered by the Court of Appeals at Frankfort recently a suit brought by JudgeDenis Dundon, of Paris, for $1,500against committee for W. T. Fitzpatrick, of Mt. Sterling, was decided mhis favor.The suit was for a fee charged byJudge Dundon in defending a suit tohave Mr. Fitzpatrick's property takenout of the hands of a committeewhich had been appointed for thepurpose of taking care of his property. Judge Dundon won the suit inthe lower court, and the committeeappealed the case to the higher court.Itaa Ira 3 .LOOK EOR qUAUTY.In selecting your Easter clothesthis year. Our are the quality kinu.$20 to $40. n nJ. W. DAVIS & CO.pi a RiA F WHEELER'S BIG SALE EXTENDED UNTIL COURT DAY.By request of a number of our patrons from the country we have decided to continue our big March sale until Monday, Court Day. So many ofthese pleased customers were unableto get back to town until that timeis the reason for this extra day of thesale. This has been the biggest February and March Sale we have everheld and scores of our customers arccoming back for the second and thirdtime. Remember the sale closes positively Monday, Court Day, at six(It) "' A. F. WHEELER & CO.m m mORDERED TO REPORT FOR NEWPOSITION.Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., general delivery clerk in the Paris postoffici,who was recently appointed to a position in the internal revenue servic2leceived orders yesterday to reportby April 1, to the office of Huntington W. Va., for instructions. Mr.Carter will leave for Huntington onSunday afternoon.Mr. Carter will have a travelingposition, his territory covering WestVirginia and Kentucky, but havinghis headquarters in Huntington. Hisfamily will remain in Paris for thepresent, and will join him later on.?at la mNEW P. H. S. TEACHER.Miss Stella Stephens, of Mt. Sterling, has been chosen as a member ofthe Paris High School faculty, andwill have charge of the departmentof mathematics. The Mt. SterlingAdvocate says of Miss Stephens:"Miss Stella Stephens, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. C. B. Stephens, has accepted a position as teacher of mathematics at Paris High School at asplendid salary. Miss Stephens willgraduate at Georgetown College inJune. She was the winner of firsthonors at the local High School andis considered one of the best mathematicians in Central Kenucky. Hermany friends will be pleased to learnof her success."m m m15 PIECES OF PARIS PROPERTYAT AUCTION.Having bought some farm land Ifind I must convert my city propertyinto cash, and will sell without reserve at public auction, on Saturday, April 6, beginning at 1:30 p.m 15 pieces of the most desirabletown property, consisting of threepieces facing on Broadway businessproperty; a number of desirablebuilding lots and,a number of cotagesand small homes. For further detailssse Harris & Speakes,(26-3t) . ,.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Hettie Whaley is a guest ofMrs. W. H. Hughes, in Nicholasville.Mr. Sam Barnett, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest of relatives in Paris.Mrs. Ambrose Dudley continuesvery ill at her home near Hutchison.Mrs. W. B. Woodford has returned from a stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. A. B. Thomason, Lexingtonattorney, was in Paris yesterday, onlegal business.Mrs. J. A. Keller, of Paris, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.John P. Conroy, in Winchester.Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton is aguest of her aunt, Mrs. W. H. Clay,in Lexington.Mr. Henry Fuhrman has returned from a sojourn in Florida during the winter.Mrs. J. Will Bedford, who hasbeen quite ill at her home near Paris,is considerably improved.Mrs. Alice Ware will leave soonfor a visit to her son, Dr. JamesWare, at Rapidan, Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Norrishave returned from a visit to Mr. aniMrs. John Elkin, in Winchester.Squire L. J. Fretwell, who hasbeen spending the winter in Florida,is expected to return home thisweek.Mrs. Gertrude Jones, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. D. T. JBoaz, of thiscity, is seriously ill in a Lexingtonhospital.Miss Ella Loomis, of. Cynthiana,was a guest of Mrs. William McNamara Moran, Wednesday and1 hursday.Miss Anna Louise White has returned to her home in this city after a visit to friends and relatives inWinchester.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hatcher, ofAshland, are guests of the latter'saunt, Miss Nannie Miller, and otherParis relatives.Mr. Isaac Reynolds has returnedto his home near Demopolis, Alnhama after a visit to friends aiUrelatives in Bourbon county.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stephenshave returned from a winter's staywith their sons, Drs. Joy and BarclayStephens, in Alameda, California.Mr. and Mrs. George Petersonhave returned to their home inPeebles, Ohio, after a visit to Mr. ani iMrs. Jos. James, in Henry Division.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey anddaughter, Miss Louise Dailey, whohave been spending the winter at Ft.Myers, Florida, will return home today. Mr. Frank P. Kiser, who hasbeen ill for some time at his homeon Houston avenue, is able to be ourand at his place with E. F. Spears &Sons.Mr. Charles T. Stone, who hasbeen a patient in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for somotime, was removed to his home thisweek.Mr. and Mrs. Lewis HershelHumble, of Somerset, will arrive tomorrow to be the guests of Mr. aniMrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncanavenue.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins and son.Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., of Covington, are guests of Mr. and Mra.Thomas Helm Clay, at their home onEighth street.Mr. T. Hart Talbott has returnedfrom Los Angeles, California, wherehe spent the winter as a guest of Insbrother, Mr. Dudley Talbott, formerly of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Skillmanhave as guests at their home on Second street Mrs. C. M. Skillman anddaughter-in-law, Mrs. A. J. Skillman,of Lexington.Miss Minerva Neal, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for several weeks, isconvalescing, and will be able to return home soon.The Red Cross sewing rooms inthe court house will be used to-dayby the ladies of the Clintonville Circle, and to-morrow by the ladies ofthe Teachers' Circle.Mr. and Mrs. H. C: Mann havemoved to this city from Carlisle, andare occupying a flat in the BourbonCollege property, owned by theirson, Mr. Chas. P. Mann.Mr. Ed. B. Hedges, who has beenseriously ill with throat trouble athis home on Stoner avenue, has beentaken to a Cincinnati hospital, wherehe will undergo another operation.Miss Aradelle Rion, of this city,is at the Norton Infirmary, in Louisville, where she will undergo anoperation for eye and throat trouble.She was accompanied by Miss SenaRion.Mr. A. R. Johns has returnedfrom an extended sojourn at the WestBaden Springs, at West Baden, Indiana. Mr. Johns reports a markedimprovement, having been greatlybenefited by his stay.Miss Anna Louise White attended the dance given in Richmondat the Masonic Temple, promoted byMessrs. Robert Covington, T. J.Douglas and Leslie Pigg. Music wasfurnished for the dancers by theSmith Saxophone Trio, of Versailles,from 8:30 to 4:30. During the intermission the ladies of the RedCross Chapter served lunch.Cvnthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. Lynn Phillips will move toParis. Mr. Phillips is brakeman onthe L. & N. train with headquartersat Paris. Mr. and Mrs. R. H.Wills, of Paris, spent from Fridayuntil Monday with Mr. and Mrs.Edwin S. Wills. Mr. and Mrs.Noah Kendall, Mr. Harry Lisle, Mr.Will Toni Kearns motored to Paris,Sunday, to attend the funeral of Mr.Kendall's aunt, Mrs. Mitchell."Miss Alice Benckart, of Lexington, who is to become the bride ofMr. Bernard J. Santen, of Paris, nextmonth, was the guest of honor Monday evening at a miscellaneousshower given at the home of MiS3Nannie Thompson, in that city. Thehome was beautifully decorated, anda delicious' supper was served. Handsome gifts were presented to thebride-elect and her health and happiness drunk to pretty and appropriate toasts. Miss Mary Santen, ofParis, a sister of the groom-to-be,was one of the guests.Mrs. Charles Green is very ill at.her home on Cypress street.Mr. Ireland "Bit" Davis, has returned from an extended stay inTampa, Florida.Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Anderson anddaughter visited in Cincinnati, Wednesday and yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannand daughter, Mrs. Howard B. Carr,have returned from a visit to relativesin Carlisle.Mr. A. J. Skillman is seriouslyill with pneumonia at his home onSecond street. Mrs. Carrie F. Stone,trained nurse, is in attendance.Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Frankand children, Robert L. Jr., and MissHallie Frank, will leave next weekfor Saranac Lake, New York, to remain until October.A large number of out-of-townpeople attended the dance given Wednesday night at Varden's Hall bythe young men of Paris. The hourswere from 8:30 to 4:30.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis willreturn to-morrow from a winter's sojourn in St. Petersburg, Florida. Mr.Davis will have with him the handsome medal awarded him as the"champion" fisherman of Florida,won after many hard-fought contests. m m mCOUNCILMAN AND NEWSPAPERMAN PLAY "IN AGAIN,OUT AGAIN."Douglas Fairbanks, in his beststunts, can never hope to outdo theathletic performance recently pulle-1off by Councilman Merringer and Mr.R. S. Porter, who played the hero actand rescued a lovely damsel from distress Wednesday night.The night operator at the HomeTelephone exchange in this city, attracted by the strains of music fromthe dance in progress at Varden'sHall, came down to the front door to"listen in" a while. While standingthere the door, in a perverse moment,Diew snut, and the night latch snapped, making the operator a prisoneron the outside. In her dilemma, notbeing able to climb the awning or tomake ingress in any other way, sheran to Councilman Merringer's business place where he was engaged inconversation with Mr. Porter, andstating her position, made an appealfor help.Mr. Merringer secured a ladder,and accompanied by Mr. Porter andthe damsel in distress, returned to theHome office, where he "went over thetop," descended to the lower floor,and unlocked the door. Mr. Porterheld the ladder to keep it from running away leaving Mr. Merringer defenseless. The operator returnedthanks for kindnesses rendered, thegallant rescuers blushingly retreated, and all was well.EELD'S FINE SPRING FOOTWEAR.A VARIETY TO SELECT PROM.As usual, we have a fine assortmentof Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.SCHOOL CHILDREN POISONED BYTHEIR OWN COOKING.Two teachers and twenty pupils,members of the Maysville HighSchool Domestic Science class, wereseriously poisoned from eating foodof their own preparation. Promptmedical aid was called and all recovered. Several of the pupils sufferedseverely. A thorough investigationinto the matter has been ordered bySuperintendent Caplinger, head ofthe school.jjSKESpQBIm I!IVicfrolaJOTQatt(Solos and anthemsby the world's greatest artists and choirsright in your ownhome!Music for eocry occasion;ana so easy to possess aVictrola! Victors and Victrolas $10 to $400. Wearrange terms to suit.ja WTJM?'WLDaughertyBros.Fifth and Maintf&apgjyeJ 'XSJust Arrived!NewSPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESIn All the Latest Colors and MaterialsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from.Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryBMflflMjMJUST THIS WEEKTo Secure the Big Sale 20 Per Cent. CashDiscount Do it Today!The oafenteif'BottleholdeiiAn exclusive'femturewfth&4iAlmfltAIK?TBiusyirff'BIIIfj rjBUY ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour physician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be used only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic.The water cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelain ana tnere is aiways a reiresnmg annK 01 com water ix youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything: good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, etc.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet Club!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.ki?) ,..Mrn4I,.P1GESHMakes Discovery Digging DitchOwner of Land Made Rich-Man DiggingDitch Cured of Tenacious DiseaseIWA PARIS. IT. ' - FRIDAT. MARCH 21. If If3MggggggggggBBgg msmmmm : I , , , , , uiiAiEBffiiHSirAOCmEKTS : Veraoui-icaBEE. M. WMEEL11&'STORY A ROMANCEPeople With Stomach, Kidney, Blood, Rheumatic or Skin Affections RelievedAcid Iron Mineral (non-alcoholic,natural iron) is taken from a greadeposit fund upon a poor farmer'3place near Hickory, Mississippi, -andthe story of this great gift of nature's, which made the farmer richand the medical world richer, andmakes it possible for the people toquickly treat stomach, digestion, kidney, blood and rheumatic complaintsat home, makes interesting reading.An old man while digging a millrace on the Horn Farm, ran across it.He was afflicted with an old feversore and blood troubles which wereconsidered incurable. During theseveral weeks digging his feet andTegs were wet each day as watergathered and he noticed that thiswater turned a, reddish color causedby mixing of water with the vein ofpeculiar looking mineral, almost like.powder, which, had apparently laidfor centuries encased in a marblelike casting of rock and clay.The sore on 4iis leg began to healand by the time his work was completed his leg was sound and well.This was considered so very remarkable by the people of that section thatan investigation was made and it wasfound to be like radium, gold, platinum and other wondrous secrets ofnature a natural compound containing inimitable properties in proportions no chemist has attempted to duplicate, though a large sum wasoffered he who could accomplish this.. To-day, like radium, which is usedin curing cancers, x-ray work, andilluminating watch dials, so Acid IronMineral nas its many uses, Demg aremarkable remedy used externally orinternally and anyone troubled withblood diseases, eruptions, rheumatism, kidney, bladder or stomach disorders of any sort may wisely visitthe .nearest store and procure a bottle. A twelve-ounce bottle sent prepaid on receipt of $1 by the FerrodineChemical Corp., Roanoke, Va., orsend stamped envelope with lettertelling what your trouble is, for folder telling more about this great ironpieparation, Acid Iron Mineral.Sold in Paris by Brooks & SnappDrug Co., and by good stores elsewhere, (adv)FAMOUS ROBBER RESORT NOWRED CROSS HEADii'TABTSRSIsolated Jackson Hole, in Western"Wyoming, famous as one of the Western retreats and havens of refuge foitrain robbers, cattle theives and otherJTffllOR FOUR-MINUTE MENTHIRD LIBERTY LOAN.INPlans have been announced for theorganization of "Junior Four-MinuteMen" in every school in the country.According to the Division of Four-outlaws, embraces now a snowbound! Minute Men of the Committee onPublic Information, bulletins especially prepared for school children willbe sent during the third Liberty loancampaign for distribution by superintendents to all schools in the UnitedStates. Addresses will be preparedfrom the material in these bulletinsjust as regular Four-Minute speakersin motion-picture houses preparetheir own speeches from bulletinssupplied by the Government.In each school the children submitting the best speeches are to deliverthem in public. According to plansthe boy or girl awarded first prizeis to get a certificate from the UnitedStates Government as a JuniorFour-Minute Man.nhinfM ,-e 1i T nA r..r.r. J-T, 4- i .jiaii.ti uj. cue ucu viua lUdi is JUi.-eidered unique by Red Cross mountain division headquarters.The membership of the chapter is455 persons scattered over a wide expanse of territory. The only outletto Jackson Hole for eight months of: the year is a single wagon road overTeton Pass. Through the wintermonths the members are much accustomed to seeing herds of from onethousand to two thousand elks thanthey are a, single human besidesmembers of their own households.To-day, with the exception of newspapers and telephone, "the Hole" Ulike the rest of the West fifty yearsago.But it is -not only for the soldiersthat tire Red Cross chapter has beenra benefit. Until it was organized.Lee Cooper, its secretary, says that' when you have had a bad taste iniiiuLion pictuies, leciures, i. m. a your mouth you may know that youror Red Cross organizations never hadi J; . . ,.,,- A -, r ,-,,BAD TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH.Titie nnTTRnnN-ww"TpJTTlVre"T."rjt y.mmBELIEVE'DUE TO G3GOGGLES.Charges that airplane goggles,manufactured by a German firm inthis country and used extensively byAmerican airmen, were so constructed as to make it impossible for theaviator to judge distances correctly,-were investigated by Major GeneralO. Squier, chief signal officer. Gen.Squier had before him a voluminousreport with reference to the glasses,which have been banished from thoRockwell aviation school at SanDiego, and until he had completed hisinvestigation he refused to commenton the incident.Aviation officers here were deeplyinterested in what appears to havobeen a sensational disclosure, andseveral, unofficially, ventured the belief that the investigation may reveal the cause of many of the recentfatal accidents to American aviatoisin training.The discovery that the refration ofthe lenses was faulty was made byMajor John Purroy Mitchell, formerMayor of New York, it is stated.Many cadets complained that whileflying at a height of 50 feet, thegoggles made the distance appearabout 30 feet. Major Mitchel foundhimself unable to make a correctlanding while wearing the glasses,but the difficulty disappeared whenhe dispensed with them.im im nTO AILING WOMENA Little Sound Advice Will HelpMany a Sufferer in Paris.No woman should consider herselfhealthv and well if the kidneys are'weak. Poisons that pass of in thesecretions when the kidneys are well,are retained in the body when thekidneys are disordered. If the kidneys and bladder become inflamedand swollen worse troubles mayquickly follow. This is often thecause of break-down pains, lameness,backache, etc. Uric poisoning is alsofrequent cause of headaches, dizzyspells, languor, nervousness andrheumatic pain.When suffering so, try Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy that has proveneffective in thousands of such cases.Let a Paris woman tell of her experience. Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St..says: "I have used Doan's KidneyPills, getting them from the ArderyDrug Co., and from The benefit I received, I certainly think they are ogood, reliable remedy. Whenever mykidneys have acted irregularly or myback has been weak and lame, I haveused a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills. They have always relieved meof the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealeis. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)PARIS. KY. ", a f'i. V'a vf t i. . -jxmBIGpenetrated the valley. Most housesare built of logs and snow makestravel difficult in .winter, hut th-rchapter has a record with the divisiorheadquarters for knitting and givin,.'other supplies for the troops.13 S3 PSWith the approach of the summerpolitical campaigns we await the various proclamations of neutrality.digestion is faulty. A dose of Chamberlain's Tablets will usually correctthe disorder. They also cause a gentle movement of the bowels. Youwill find this to be one of the bestmedicines you have ever become acquainted with.(adv. March)ta is isNo man knows when he is aboutto fall; neither does a nation.PERUNA in Your HomeA housewife must give the first aid in colds, coughs andother ailments. Her promptness in applying the remedy oftensaves a serious illness. Her experience with remedies has ledher to know that PERUNA is always reliable, that she shouldhave it on hand for the immediate treatment of coughs andcolds, and that it is always to herThe FamilySafeguardThe experience of onewoman, given herewith, istypical of thousands of letters that reach the PerunaCompany from gratefulfriends who have found theirhomes incomplete, and theirfamily safety indanger withoutPERUNA.Mrs.George Parker,Wis., writes:"We have used Peruna in our familyfor a number ofyears, aud havefound it a perfectlyreliable medicine.It soon rids the system of any tracesof a cold, and prevents serious consequences. "I began using itfor catarrh, whichI suffered with agood many years.but had not been very serious until recently.Since I have taken Peruna the dropping in mythroat has discontinued, and my head and noseare not so stopped op in the morning. I ampleased with the results, and shall continue touse it until I am entirely rid of catarrh."I heartily recn mend i as an honest medicine.'What it does for her it is ready to do for you.FREE BOOKS FURBISHED BY THESTATE.Do you know that a group of- 51)books may be borrowed from tlieKentucky Library Commission foryour community, your club, or yourschool? The collection may be retained for six months and the onlycost to you is transportation.If you want material on a specialsubject, a book or small group ofbooks may be borrowed for thirtydays. The only expense to you willbe parcel post charges.Write to the Kentucky LibraryCommission, Frankfoit, for full information. TB6 JEl TCIGUT PRICE SALECloses March 30thThis has been one of the thriftiest sales I have ever had in my twenty-oneyears career in the furniture business. Wehave just received from a New Yorkcarpet concern a beautiful line ofRoom Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We Are Giving You 25 Per Cent OffOn Every Dollar, So Do Not Miss a Single Day This Week!We'are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keepwheelsjolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, butbest I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave youjudge of prices.theI ,havelittlethefor theAlso a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedBe sure and come next week for this will be the last of our Big Cut Price Sale.E. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSJFOR A BAD COLD.Take Chamberlain's Coujedy. It has stood the testand can be depended upon.(adv. March);h Reiuof timeMARGOLEN'SColds and CatarrhThe great weight of testimony that has accumulated in the 44 years that PERUNA has been en" themarket proves it, beyond question, to be the reliable family remedy, ever ready to take, preventing the serious effects of colds,coughs, grip and derangements of the digestive organs. Thisproof is published from time to time and many families haveprofited by it.ReHjeaAcrj-oncMo'jtEm FESUHA. la taHet ana for yozr coaTealeace. Carry itwith you and be fortified agaicsl csddea attacks.The Peruna. Company, Columbus, OhioInmmK.The Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person'you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directory not trusting to memory and thenlisten carefu lly when the operator repeats back to youhe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph CoALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles are. kept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.1 1 -slllH LIB slllH slllfl raLIH LIV slH slllfl Issi mmm m j5r .MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat "MarketJ. J. VEATCH,Diitrict Xantger.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON.XiMtl Manager.2Mft!-ll.'fiUw H-VrandCurespreventsDiarrhoeaThl most dangerous A71 44Wof all baby chick dls- TV 111U2VKaCBIUBlblVClJjirere&tea,or cured.by putting 2 or 3 drops otItwbMTMftyRMMdyla the drlnklBE water durln? tlutfirst t days. Cures gapes, cholera;gwonaao, reap wa sows, & yt3Dome saiceB izcftiioBseCBedUclae. At druggists or br Bailpostpaid. Poultry Book Free.SsIsd4Ii1iii!aiiIiIS KINGA great opportunity exists to-day for the investor in oil stock.Never before has there been such a demand for oil. The Government is calling loudly to the oil operators to speed up work, and assisting in getting equipment. It will help win the war.The Columbia Oil & Gas Co.expects to start a drilling campaign this Spring and summer on someof its most valuable leases. Drilling rigs are now being moved toour lease in Lee county, which is located in that marvslously richsection. There is room for 15 or 20 wells on this lease, whichshould make the company a rich producer and a very big dividend payer. .An opportunity-is offered for a short while: to buy the stock75 cents a share.at;Write us at once and we will send you a special letter, - further information. -withA. D. FARLEY & CO.404 Courier-Journal Bldg.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.3vKSSSjSjajSBsaBSSjEjBjsasjsj?asj8jBEJS : v. wa?WiwfTrfiTfilTWMlfeHMpAsHVSHirssjn stmefly Qavy pasjtpWf wfJMUfjssjiif KyV"fFRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1918'THE BOURBON NEWS, PAKIS, KY.page ssnvFURTHER. L C0NSEVJLTI0ir OF- t tl VHsKSHHflHurjifeflft. HHBL AmWmmmmmatfSsKIt Cost the Average FamilyLess Than 10c Per Weekfor Packer's Profit in 1917.The Meat Bill is one of thelarge items in the familybudgetless than 10 cents per week of itgoes to the packer in profits.In converting live stock intomeat and getting it into the hands ofthe retail dealer, the packer performsa complex and essential service withthe maximum of efficiency.The above statement is based onSwift & Company's 1917 figuresand Federal Census data:Swift & Company's total output(Meat and by-products) - 5,570,000,000 PoundsSwift & Company's total Profit. $34,650,000.00Profit per pound$.0062U. S. Meat Consumption -170 pounds per person per year170 pounds at $.0062 $1.05 per person per yearThe average family 4lz persons$4.72 per family per year1918 year book of interesting andinstructive facts sent on request.Address Swift & Company,Union Stock Yards, Chicago, IllinoisSwift & Companyu. s. A.Blue Ribbon SeedsNone Better6. Papers for 25cOnion SetsA Long eis Our Supply Lasts15c a QuartBEST, SEED POTATOES5 Different Varieties$2.50 Per BushelRURAL MAIL DELIVERY ROUTESBest Eating Potatoes40c a PeckWE PAYHIGHEST CASH PRICESFOR PRODUCEBusy BeeCash StoreWill it pay the government to operate motor trucks on rural deliveryI routes?Statistics collected by the UnitedStates postal authorities, and supplemented in part by investigationsmade by crews of tire testing fleetsof the B. F. Goodrich Rubber Company, operating in the rural distictaof the South, show conclusively that, Uncle Sam can enrich himself by a tleast $100,000,000 by installing motor trucks on his "farm to table"routes. Data shows that the antiquated system in vogue the useof the horse and wagon on 44,000routes throughout the country is alosing proposition; and to the extent of $30,000,000 too. T.e fewmotor truck investments made byI the government last year earned$70,000 apiece on an original investment of ? 4,2 00 for each truck.Moreover, communities were reachedby the motor trucks that had neverbeen visited before by Uncle Sam'smail carriers."""The assertion that there are roadsto-day never traversed by government delivery wagons may seem incredulous, but the postoffice author!ties support the statement that ofthe 2,199,000 miles of roads in thiscountry, 1,122,000 miles have nomail service at all. Furthermore,there are 1,500,000 families in ourenlightened nation that have iopostal communication with the outside world.(22mar-4t)As one editor sized it up:tria can't; Germany won't.'Aus-J&km. Tro"RPSr iy i ajr"rwJ't T"f t'.!i." jiO I'WriTfjlr . ejix J ill ' Fi "!MINSPECTION, Mli-"S 'W)' I 'P YOUR SHOES NEATSHOE POLISHESLIQUIDS AND PASTES. FOR BLACK, WHITE, TAN, DARKBROWN OJt OX-BLOOD SHOES. PRESERVETHELEATHER.Tt F. F. PALLET cbiPOtATIOKS. WOID?. WMIUS), K..T.-V. fc-'i-'Kv 'V- '1 w?my he.-!. - ainV '.x amm ml:Wl. n fc. VtoJlJl&wime" Sli! Wist would happento no ?i I were your Icid?Well, if you're net acquaintedWith Calumet Bakings you"don't kno'v what a good excuse I have. Can'f. HelpHoping Myself they're gogood! Good for me too, because Calumet Bakings tirewholesome and easily digested.Millions of mothers v.srTiMjrjTaswmi t&'J3 UV&&&&bakhs mmmbecause of its purity becauseit always cives best results and iseconomical in cost and use."Calumet contains only suchingredient as have been approved officially by the U, S.Food AuthoritiesYou gave when you buy It,You save when you use it.;fifeg&N On rs w ra 13 ph n; tzszlvtz? famt, ruin 'a si fes.'v.! . rj wraEU3 H K2L i SSKeiin iz tssT'Wjycx. isiP&'Z & SIBK& IfINTERNATIONAL PEACE PLAN.An international peace plan to effect immediate cessation of the warand to maintain future peace in theworld, was outlined to the Senate bySenator Owen, of Oklahoma, authorof a resolution proposing a leagueof nations to enforce peace.A treaty describing the principlesof international law and conduct ofnations among the United States,Great Britain, France, Italy, Japanand China, was proposed by SenatorOwen. He suggested that upon completion of such an agreement Germany be invited to pledge adherenceto the principles enunciated.As a penalty for refusal, SenatorOwen proposed that Germany shouldbe subjected to economic isolationfor five years. For every thirty daysin which she failed to accept theplans an additional penalty of oneyear's isolation would be imposed."Thjs would bring German merchant'sand manufacturers to bankruptcy,"'said Senator Owen in explaining hisplan. "It would hit them in theirmost tender spot."To enforce the proposed economicisolation of Germany, Senator Owenwould refuse entrance or clearanceto German shipping and ban importsor exports from Germany, togetherwith absolute severance of postal,telegraphic or telephonic communication. . If Germany desires to join theleague and accept its principles, Senator Owen said, she must agree toevacuate Belgium, Serbia and otheroccupied -territory and make reparation.FORGOT WHAT HE NEEDED.From the Republican, Mt. Giliad,Ohio: The editor had an interestingexperience some time ago, when 3joung gentleman came to his officeand asked for a copy of the MorrowCounty Republican. He scrutinizedit carefully when a copy was handedhim, and then said: "Now I know!""What is it you are looking for," weinquired. "My wife sent me aftera bottle of Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, and I forgot the name. IMent to several stores and the clerknamed over everything on the shelfexcept "Chamberlain's". , I'll tryagain, and I'll -never go home without Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy."The Republican would suggest to thproprietors of drug stores, that theypost their clerks, and never let themsubstitute. Custimera lose faith instores where substituting is permitteuto say nothing of the injustice to themakers of good goods and; the, disappointment of customers.(adr. March)t l 1. 1 T1 1President Wilson has ,dont moreto solidify England,. 'for war than theBritish statesmen themfllrefl.m mm-The non-sinkable hpat, is. , .beingtried. The non-sinkabl politicianhas been, tried before,. 'mi m mTRY THIS FOR SOUR SUMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly. Eat but little .'meat andnone at all for supper. If you arestill troubled with sour stomach takeone of Chamberlain's Tablets beforegoing to bed.(adv, March)Col. Roosevelt fcad'anabcews in thttear and everybody lenew'it. VsWiiAX UEMAJTDED BYHOOVER.Further reduction in the consumption of wheat is asked of thepublic by the Food Administrationthat the scant suppifes available before the next harvest may be stretched to ,meet the needs of the army, domestic consumers and the Allies.Every American is requested to cuthis average ration of wheat by 15per cent., which would reduce thetotal normal consumption of 42,000,000 bushels a month to 21,000,000.This gives a ration of not more thanone and one-half pounds of wheatproducts weekly for each person'.Flour sales will be cut -to one-eighthof a barrel for a town customer andto one-quarter of a barrel for country consumers, that retailers' stocksmay be distributed to as great a number as possible.The wheat content of baker's breadwill be reduced to 75 per cent onApril 14, which inci eases by 5 percent, the amount of substitutes thatmust be used.The full seriousness of the wheatsituation, and some of the difficultieswith which the food administrationHas had to contend in warding offfamine from the Allies became knownwith the announcement of the newplan.In a statement given out by Mr.Hoover the following restrictionswere placed upon public eating placesand clubs:"Public eating places and clubswill observe two wheatless days perweek, Monday and Wednesday, as atpresent. In- addition thereto notserve to any one guest at any mealan aggregate of breadstuffs, macaroni, crackers, pastries, pies, cake,wheat breakfast cereals, containing atotal of more than two ounces ofwheat flour. No wheat products tobe served unless specially ordered.Public eating establishments not tobuy more than six pounds of wheatproduct for each 90 meals served,thus conforming with the limitationsrequested of the householders."s te 16YOU CAN'T FIND ANYDANDRUFF, AND HAIRSTOPS COMING OUTSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and BeautifulAt Once,Try as you will, after an application of Danderine, you can not find asingle trace of, dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch butwhat will please you most will beafter a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair willbe light, fluffy and wavy, and haveaji incomparable lustre, softness andluxuriance, the beauty and shimmerof true hair health.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'8Danderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless treatment. A small trialbottle will double the beauty of yourhair. (adv)The Charmand Beautyof ourMILLINERYWKTCLEY5reasons .1 not it's "mmW WriY?W friend: fm v 1 Steadies nerves?m 3 Aids appetitem 4 Helps digestionmm 5 Keeps teeth cleanmm 6 It's economicalH Kecp the soldiers BkH f and sailors suppUed!jHk rvnAW i A-VEaster comes but once a year,and this year it comes early.Only a few days more and youwill want aNEWHATTo WearEaster Sunday!Chew it after every mealThe Flavor Lasts!Beauiful ,-Patterns are here,hundredsof themLadies'Children'sand Misses'TWIN BROS- Department StoreMain and Seventh StreetsNow is the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate -for You Before Placing Your Order, CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANE BROS.Moving The ClocksForwardIs aneffort to catch up. with our merchandise,which is always ahead of the times.THE SMARTLY DRESSEDMEN AMD BOYSwho wear our clothes are witnesses tothis fact. Jjet us dress you for the Easter4ar,ade. Youll tfranlLus. We havespoken nothing&ut thktrwtfi.TWIN RDflQ Clothing and Shoe Dept.1 W 111 DiUO. MB Main St., Paris, Ky.After Investing in War Stamps and Liberty Bendi, Getthe Next Best hiyeftjtrnent OurClethes.SftyjiFRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1911PAGE EIGHT' ! "' . "IillHllllllHltT",t,ty,J1J,,,,i,,t,tlilllMMiilCSS52 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO ITHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Monday, April 1stAdolph Zukor PresentsBILLIE BURKEin "The Land of Promise'7A Paramount Picture.Also a rattling good Mack SennettComedy, "Watch Your Neigebor," featuring Charles Murray and Mary Thurman.aaBaaaaaaaaBBaBaak wYmjBBJR3BBEE5zE5!9BflPeBaBaaaa)I31(Ili11fjtr! The J. T. Hinton Co.-aUNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSMainand SixthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36INisht : - . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.BWHaaBBBBBHVtBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBItlllH i9MILLERSBURGMrs. America Butler remainsabout the same. jMr. J. A. Butler has purchased a ,liandsome automobile. jRegular meeting of City Council Wednesday at eight p. m. !Mrs. Claude Vimont left Mondayfor a visit to relatives at Flemings-'fburg. jMr. M. E. Pruitt ras in Nicholas and Bath counties Tuesday and"Wednesday on business. jMrs. Gano Duncan and children'" left Tuesday for a several days' visit' to Mrs. Bishop, at Lexington. !Mr. James Butler and sister, of"C!Nicu.olasville, arrived Tuesday, as theguests of Mr. J. A. Butler and family.-"Mrs. Turner Perry returned to"Iter nome at Owingsville, Sunday, after a week's visit to &er mother and..sister, Mrs. Ada McClintock, and MissJtutli McClintock. iMiss Dorothy Peed arrived Saturday from Birmingham, Ala. Sh?"hao accepted a position as stenogra-,pher at Washington, D. C, and willenter on her duties there in the near- .future.A contribution of books was ask-ed for last week to be sent to th-iv soldier boys in the various camps."As all have not yet responded, the' time has been extended, and all persons having books to donate to this-i' purpose, will leave them at the Bx-clraaige Bank any time this week. Donot forget this. Remember tne pleasure they will give to the boys inJbcauip.PUBLIC SALE. We, as agentsfor P. J. Savage, will on TuesdayApril 2, at 2 p. m., on the premises,sell the following described propertyTwo-story Frame Residence on MainStreet, containing six rooms, threeporches, cistern and all necessaryoutbuildings, in first-class repair.-iXarge garden, concrete walks andsiiaide trees. This is a very desirablehome, situated in a good neighborhood. Two-story Brick. Store onFifth Street. The above will be soldwithout reserve, in order to wind uptie estate of the late T. E.Savage.Terms: Easy, and made known on-day of sale.HARRIS & SPEAKES.For further information, call on E.M. Ingles, Millersburg, Ky.A -Red Cross card party will be'i given at the home of Mr. and MrsA. J. Thaxton this evening. An ademission price of fifty cents will be-charged, the proceeds to go to theRed Cross. A delightful lunch willba erved, and games indulged in.Mesdames A. J. Thaxton and M. C.Grimes will be in charge. See themfor further particulars.Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer visitedrelatives at Mayslick, Monday andTuesday, and attended the funeral ofMrs. Joel Latham, on Tuesday.There will be a called meetingof the Executive Committee of theRed Cross at the Millersburg College library, on Sunday afternoon, atthree o'clock.Quite a number from here attended the funeral of Mr. ClarenceMiller, at Cynthiana, Monday afternoon. Mr. Miller was a son of Mr.and Mrs. R. A. Miller, and was bornnear Millersburg, where the greaterpart of his life was spent. He wa?engaged in farming while residinghere. Some years ago he was unitedin marriage to Miss Pearl Hedges, ofCynthiana. After the death of hisfather he moved to Cynthiana, wherehe has since resided, being a contractor in concrete work. Besideshis wife he is survived by his mother,Mrs. Ada Miller, of Millersburg, twosisters, Mrs. A. J. Lamb, of Birmingham, Ala., and Miss Catherine Miller,of Millersburg.Ml to mTHREE -SMALL FARMS TO BESOLD AT AUCTION.T-hree small farms, or home sites onthe Clintonville pike, just outside thecity, will be sold Saturday, MarchSO. Each tract fronts 210 feet. Seedescription and plat on page 3.(26-2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES.Friday, March 29thLADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo ladies will be admitted for one admission, plus the war tax.Thos. H. Ince PresentsEnid BennettIN"Keys of the Righteous"by C. Gardner Sullivan, a ParamountPicture.King Baggott and Marguerite Snow inthird episode of"THE EAGLE'S EYE."Saturday, March 30thPathe Presents an OldParis FavoriteFrank Keenan"LOADED DICE"Adapted from the book by Ellery H.Clarke. A five-part Pathe Picture.THE RIOT SQUADin new Big V Comedy; alsoHearst-Pathe News No. 30.NOTICEWE MOVE FORWARD WITH THE CLOCKCommencing Monday we will open onehour earlier by the old time, or, in otherwords, we will open at 2 and 7 p. m., butby the new time.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.DEATHS.BAKER.COMMENDATION FOR COMMISSIONER COilEN.State Agricultural CommissionerMat S. Cohen recently sent out lofarmers of Kentucky a personal letter to the number of fifteen thousand, urging them to get in on theWar Savings campaign and help raiseKentucky's quota of "Fifty Millionsin 1918."Relative to this good work of Mr.Cohen, Federal Director J. D. Lyon,of the district embracing Kentucky,wrote State Headquarters as follows:"Mr. Cohen's letter is certainly anearnest appeal to the citizens of Kentucky for their co-operation and assistance in the National War SavingsCampaign movement. Such a letterwill no doubt bring gratifying resuits."HEAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Wni. H. Whaley recently solia farm containing 280 acres of land,located on the Jackstown pike, toMr. James McClure and Mr. JoPlummer, of Paris, for a price notgiven out for publication.J?iJfS- il tWALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesHouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONE BY EXPERTSGIVE US A CALLC. A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main Streets 'aRifAfter an illness of nearly twoyears, Bettie Righter Baker, agedeight, died at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Baker,at College Corners, Ohio, Wednesday.She was born near Ruddles Mills, inthis county, and is survived, besidesher parents, by four brothers and twosisters.The funeral was held in the Presbyterian church at College Corners,conducted by Rev. B. L. Wehrenberg. The interment followed in theCollege Corners Cemetery.WILLS.ti:Mr. Green. T. Wills, aged ixtytwo, died at his home near Millersburg from the effect of injuriessustained by falling from the roof ofhis home. He was twice married, hisfirst wife being a sister of Mr. JamesPorter, formerly of Paris and Carlisle, now residing in Louisville. Hissecond wife was Miss Tanner, ofClark county, who survives him.The funeral was held at the residence with services conducted byRev. J. W. Crates, followed by burial in the Carlisle Cemetery.FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN WILL BELARGEST.Secretary McAdoo, Tuesday night,announced that, following the thirdLiberty Loan campaign, t-here wouldbe a rest of eight months. In October or November the fourth issue willbe made, the largest of any yet putbefore the public. To prepare for itthe Treasury Department has askedthat the limit of outstanding certificates be raised from $4,000,000,000as at present to $8,000,000,000.Secertary McAdoo denied that the"Baby Bond" would be abandoned.The denominations of the third loaUwin oe tne same as ior iormer issues.BUY THRIFT STAMPS HERE!a Ss fe-B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsNEW YORK HGURES IN SENSATIONAL EXPLOSION.EALES.The remains of J. Frazier Eales,formerly of Cynthiana and Carlisle,who died in 1892, were taken fromthe vault in the Battle Grpve Cemetery at Cynthiana, Wednesday, a.ndbrought to Paris, where they wereinterred besides the reniains of hiswife, in the Paris Cemetery. Mrs.Eales was formerly Miss Sadie Remington, daughter of the late Mr. andMrs. B. F. Remington, and a sisterof Mr. William Remington, of theParis Democrat, Mr. Frank Remington, Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrish,all of Paris; Mrs. Wm. Howard, ofRichmond, and Mrs. Alice Fisher, ofCarlisle.JONES.Mrs. Gertrude Jones, aged twenty-six,died Wednesday morning atthe Good Samaritan'Hospital, in Lexington. The body was brought toParis and taken to the family homeon West Nineteenth street. Besidesher parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Boa,she is survived by one daughter, MissMary Jones, and five brothers, James,Clarence, Clay, Frank and Ora LeeBoaz.The funeral was held at the homeyesterday afternoon at two o'clockwith services conducted by Rev. W.B. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The burial followed in theParis Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere James Boaz, Clarence Boaz,,Edgar Boaz, John Carter, Jesse Calloway and Rankin Mastin.BEATTY.Mr. George Beatty, aged aboutfifty-five, a former resident of Paris,died at the home of his sister, inKansas, a few days ago, after a longillness of tuberculosis.The news was received in Paris ina letter to a girl friend from hndaughter, who, with her mother, isnow residing in Dayton, Ohio. Mr.Beatty had for some months been inthe employ of the Government, engaged in transferring remounts forthe cavalry service to points of embarkation or to the different rarmycamps. He was a member of ther locallodge Knights of Pythias. Before hUillness incapacitated him for activework, he had been in the employ ofJanuary & Connell, in this city. Hewent West about a year ago,- inhopes the change of climate wouldbe of benefit to him, but the dreaddisease had gained too strong a holdon him.VALUABLE PROPERTY AT AUCTION ON SATURDAY. APRIL 6.Beginning at 1:30 p. m on Saturday, April 6, Harris & Speakes wilfsell for James McClure 15 pieces ofvaluable city property. So;me finebusiness property, a number df beautiful cottages and a number of desirable building lots go in this sale. Ifyou need- a home or want investmentproperty this is your opportunity.(26-3t)STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. R. B. Rash, of North Mlddletown, purchased a fine saddle marefrom Mr. C. C. Boyd, of Montgomerycounty, for $250. Mr. Ashbey Gilkey, of the same vicinity, sold, to, Mi.D. P. Henry a six-year-old mare, for?225. v .,".' '.Fire following a peries of unexplained explosions destroyed the sixstory building of the Jarvis Warehouse Compnay near the Erie railroad terminal in Jersey City lateTuesday afternoon and badly damag-'ed the Erie repair shops. The ma-'terial damage was estimated by theJersey City police and fire officials atclose to $1,500,000. The goods storedin the warehouse, said to have included a quantity of chemicals, werea total loss.The cause of the explosion has'not yet been determined, although arigid investigation was begun at onceby the Fedaral, State and city authorities.SanenOeecsStocks are short and prices high.Come early, or you may be disappointed.PoultryfflemedeesWe have everything to help you makethis a bumper poultry year. UncleSam is urging us to produce morepoultry and eggs.Fire, WindInsurance.and LightningThomas, Woodford & Bryan.ARDERY DRUG COMPANY410 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYyswwwrmteillSend That Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices.r,IRADt HARK RKUittr Off.yvJPHk 'SSKN fflUfP iFORw:.v. i-KMEN, WOMEN. -- . fcu'&C4nl ruil nDICM -r:TAll fViA T ofcf ;M i i;Ar.' n,:,i !" v iui.oi ml i jlguiv;o fjcauinui vSpring Boots and Oxfords, in pearland Easter grey, black, tan, rich brownand other leading shades.STYLE,QUALITYComfort and Wear!Guarantee with each pair at pricesyou can't possibly duplicat elsewhereDan CohenParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign.Tjyj;H9tS k us matj' XTmz"-is