' "?5BKr,3SB5?THENEWSXX -AvPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.fr--VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, X918BOURBONMemorial Services in Honor of BishopBatterton, at the Christian Church, Sunday.The Christian church was filled m paid a masterly tribute to the youngfrom, rostrum to the entrance doors ! man who had given his life as theSunday afternoon with an audiencethat listened with rapt attention toa masterful address delivered by Rev.W. B. Ellis, pastor of the church.The occasion was a memorial service in honor of Bishop Batterton,a Bourbon county boy, whose brave jyoung life went out in an overseashospital on July 20, after a futilestruggle for life, after having beenwounded in the stomach in battle onJuly 19.The service was opened at fouro'clock Sunday afternoon with ascripture reading by Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, followed by a patriotic songBishop Batterton.what they thought was their finalby the Community Chorus. Rev. , dash for Paris, France. But it wasGoldsmith offered the invocation, the heroism of Bishop Batterton andwhich was followed by a solo render- ' those who fought side by side withed by Mr. A. L. Boatright, choir di- ' him that saved the day for the Alliesrector of the christian church. Then by turning the tide of battle andfollowed the delivery by Rev. Ellis of starting that series of successes thata masterly eulogy on the life and have continued , unbroken, until todeath of Bishop Batterton. The ad- Jt day the German army on the Westerndress is printed in full. Rev. Ellis' j front is retreating in disorder. Andaddress was followed by a patriotic may our good and great God grantsong by the Community Chorus. Animpressive feature of the servicewas the sounding of "taps" by EarlSwearingen, representing the BoyScouts, a military tribute to theyoung man who had made the supreme sacrifice for his country. Thedoxology by Rev. Taylor Sharrardclosed the program.Rev. Ellis' address was a master- fpiece of word-painting and as an oratorical effort, surpassed anythingParis neonle have heard in -years. HeGEO. B. MARTIN. CATLETTSBURG,SUCCEEDS LATE SENATOROT.TJF, JAMES.George B. Martin, of Catlettsburg,was appointed Friday as UnitedStates Senator designated to fill theunexpired term of the late SenatorOllie M. James. Gov. Stanley madeknown his appointment shortly before leaving Louisville Friday night,declaring he felt happy in his choice.Senator Beckham, Friday afternooncalled on Gov. Stanley and later called on the Democrats to support theparty nominee.George Brown Martin was born, inPresto-nsburg, Floyd county, fortytwo years ago. He is a son of Alexander L. Martin, a former State Senator, and one of Kentucky's ablestorators, and a grandson of John P.Martin, member of Congress fromKentucky in 1846. The new Senatorwas educated in the schools of Catlettsburg and graduated from Central University. He Vas admitted topractice law in 1900, and has practiced his profession 'in Catlettsburgsince that time. ."He was appointed County Judge ofBoyd "county by Gov. Beckham in1904 to fill a vacancy, that being' theonly office he- has held up to his appointment by'Goy. Stanley. Althoughhaving served as a member of theDemocratic State Central Committeefrom the State at large for severalrears, Senator Martin is not regarded as a professional politician. Se isa. member of the American Bar -Associationand is on the National Conference of Commissions on UniformState Laws.Senator Martin is the first memberof the Federal Senate from EasternKentucky sine Gen. "Cerro-Gordo"Williams, of Montgomery county,then in the Tenth Congressional dlstrict. KfirvPfl se TTnUorf Sffc.Senlor'u' ' Z" . i-rr rr- ,,- imm xY to 1884. senIr fliartiiris unmarried." "supreme sacrifice for his. country.Rev. Ellis' address was in everyrespect a fine one, coming from aman who knows what to say, howto say it and who can always be depended on to convey a message tohis auditors in a most convincingmanner,lows:The address in full fol-"Bishop Batterton is dead, and Ithink I hear the venomous serpentsof Prussianism hissing with joy. Buti boast not, 0 thou demon of the pit!If Bishop Batterton is dead, theprinciples which he advocated stilllive. He may be buried in No Man'sLand with only a marker to uointout his resting place, but we willkeep his grave open and let down ourj sacred cause until, touching his' bones, it shall spring up with ten foldj power, and go forth for the conquestof the world.I "Taking it all in all, I think it is, the most pathetic death in all thehistory of Bourbon county, because, he Xs the first Bourbon county boy to'make the supreme sacrifice. Andevery citizen of Bourbon county for; whose protection Bishop Batterton' was fighting when he gave -up hislife, should petition the Throne oft Grace for a blessing on the motherand father who gave this young heroto the Nation that we love and tothe defense of the flag that to us isdearer than life itself. We shouldthank God for his courage, for hisherosim, for his Christian manhoodthat dared to stand for his convic-j tions, even at the point of peril anddanger, and at last poured out hisblood for the protection of his' country's rights.I "I think that the circumstances oflJ this occasion make it permissible fortme to say some things that are per"sonal to the life and character of our) young hero. He was born in Bourbon county, June 24, 1897, havingbeen under age when he volunteeredfor service." Just before being sent' overseas he was permitted to visithis home and his beloved parents forthe last time, little knowing whathis tale would be. ' He;:wtisrnlie, forefront with the American sharpj shooters when the German vandalsand Prussian .demons were makingthat the victories here begun maynever end until the German Kaiser,that living embodiment of the Satanic majesty, and -all his horde ofvandals and murderers of women andchildren may be completely wipedfrom the face of God's earth and thenations shall again be at peace."Thank God the armies of civili-zation are already beginning to seethe dawn of a new day breaking inthe distance because of the sacrifice-(Continued on Page 7)BED CROSS .TEA BOOM.Last week the following peoplemade' do-nations - to - the Red CrossTea Room: ,'Mrs. Newton Mitchell, 2 pans;Mrs. John Collins, baking pan; Mrs.Joe Hall, salad and soup plates;Mrs. J. T. Brown, $5.00; Mrs. Chariton Alexander, $00; Mr. Clell Turney, $5.00; Dr. -A. H. Keller, $1.00;Mr. Green, $2.00; Mr. David, tea,coffee, 'money and service; Mrs. Goggin, 1 gallon vinegar.The following people contributedto the menu:Mrs. Tom Buckner, Mrs. LouisRogers, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.,Mrs. Jas. Dodge, Mrs. Tom Redmon,Mrs. C. G. Dougherty, Capt. Rogers,Mr. Adami, Miss Wyatt, Mrs. Ball,Mrs. J. Frank Clay, Irene Keller andgrandmother, Mrs. Larkin, Mrs. Castle Redmon, Mrs. John Bedford,Homer Stone, Miss Fannie Shropshire, Mr. Bennett Tarr, Mrs. Redmond Talbott, Mrs. William Redrman, Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Mrs: Caldwell, Mrs. Bennett Tarr. -The team in charge was: MissAlice Rogers Clay, Chairman; MissCharlina Ball, -Captain; Misses Elizabeth Tarr, Sara Power, Louise Wyatt, Frances Clay, Charlotte Henry,Mrs. Minertz, assisted by Mrs. ClayBronson, Mrs: HenryHibl'er and Mrs.Chas. Ball. -The menu for to-day is-as follows:Special lunch, 30c Chicken salad;beaten biscuit; pickle; cheese ball.Entree Stuffed pepper, 10c; pie,iOc; coffee, 5c; tea, 5c.PUBLIC SAT.tt OF DESIRABLECITY RESIDENCE.We will sell at public auction today at 2:30" o'clock the desirable twostory residence located at 731 Henderson street. The lot is 100x100and" the house is TOomy and modem- n ATmrv resnect- erm& une-uura. :v, r -,cash, -balance, in one and two years,l JANUARY' & CONNELL..IN THE SERVICE OP THEIRCOUNTRY.-Several very interestimg ' lettersfrom soldiers were unavoidablycrowded over to our Friday's issue.Lieut. John Harris Clay, who iswith a Canadian regiment on theAmerican-Canadian border, is a guestof his mother, Mrs. C. M. Clay, at"Auvergne," near Paris. Lieut. Clayis here on a three-weeks' furlough.Mr. Henry C. Curtis, of Paris, received a postcard Sunday "from hisson, Mr. Bmmett Curtis, who recentlyvolunteered in Uncle Sajm's service.The card read:"Etowah, Tenn."Still riding; having fine time; no,sleep yet. We're on our way to aGeorgia camp. Don't know where,,but doesn't make much difference." 'Mr. W. B. Tinsley, formerly connected with the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., has been commissioned a SecondsLieutenant in the army service,and is now at Governor's Island,!New York, awaiting transportation'overseas. Mr. Tinsley writes Paris'friends that while he is ready andwilling to go, old Kentucky looksgood to him but of course, "there'sa reason."Joseph Letcher, formerly on the'staff of the Lexington Leader andthe Cincinnati Enquirer, was a visiitor in Paris this week. Me Letchercame here to attend the funeral ancjburial of his half-brother, Mr: Wm.Mallory, who was drowned in Houston Creek recently. Mr. Letcher is inthe naval service, stationed at Newport News, Va., as a member of themarines.Two Paris boys, former studentsat the College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering at the StateUniversity, Stuart Wallingford andLanden Templin, are at home on afurlough from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station at Great Lakes,111. They' have been transferred fromthe Great Lakes station to CampBuell, at Lexington, where they willtake a special course of training.They will report at Camp Buell onSept. 16.:Corporal Teddy .Shannon, formerly,of Paris, writes 'THE NEWS asifelows:"Newport News, Va., Sept. 6."Landed here this morning afterhaving-been on the road since Manday. Had a delightful trip, only itdid not last long enough. Passedthrough Covington and Maysville,but did not get to see Paris, as ourroute had been changed. We arescheduled for Camp Morrison, Va.How is Paris and all the Paris peo-'"" "" : "" "" " "" " ; " " S "" " "" : "" Jp-WE KNOW liW- fnew FALL HATSAre Now ReadyExclusive showing of JohnB. Stetson famous line ofSOFT AND STIFF HATSIxAll the new shades seal brown, snuff, applegreen, bottle green, pearl, Oxford greys and blacks.Scratch Finish Hats and Velours will be very popularthis Fall, and we advise an early inspection of ourstock. 'prices ;,$5 toThe SteUon Feature' hat that you will find yerybecohiing to the averageman.MITCHELL &BLAKEMORESole; Agents For1Nettleton and Or, Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes!m .. igaSHX:i"WHUS,arHTO1A new phase to the labor questionm Bourbon county has sprung up, inthat farmers who have boVs of schoolage want to know if their sons canf remain at home until the tobacco isnoused and the wheat seeded.Saturday, County Superintendentof Schools J. B. Caywood was beseig-ed with telephone calls asking if anyrelief could be offered. Mr. Caywoodcalled up State Sueprintendent Gilbert, at Frankfort, and stated thecase. He was informed in reply thatif certain conditions were met inwhich the truant officer, school trustees and the teachers were jointly re-ojjuusiDie, me exceptions coma Dei.maae.Many farmers and tobacco growersare without sufficient help and willnecessarily be forced to rely on helpof the boys in saving their crops.State Superintendent Gilbert informed Mr. Caywood that upon request of a patron o,f any school thata boy be excused such request willbe immediately complied with, butmust be investigated later by thetruant officers and trustees.LOCAL AUTHORITIES ASKEDCO-OPERATE WITH GOVERNMENT. TOProvost Marshal General Crowderhas announced that local authoritiesin all parts of the country are calledupon to co-operate with the government in enforcing the order andbringing about a complete registration of men within the new draftages on the 12th.Federal marshals, investigatingmunicipalities are directed to holdthemselves in readiness to renderwhat assistance necessary. They willbe required to examine registrationtypes and report names of any persons liable to registration who failto appear.pie? Is the newspaper game still going strong?, "Yours,"CORPORAL TEDDY SHANNON,30th Baloon Co., Air Service, CampMorrison, Va."Mr. Kenneth Alexander, of Woodford, county, well-known in Paris,who has seen service in France, Italy,Serbia, Siberia and .Greece, as an ambulance driver, has just finished hiscourse in. the Aviation School atCambridge, Mass., and is now a full-fledged "flier" in , Uncle Sam's service. - ,One of the finest-looking youngmen who has donned Uncle Sam'suniform is Mr. O. W. Gaines, ofGeorgetown. Mr. Gaines, .who is acadet at the Annapolis Naval Academy, has been a guest of his unele,Mr. William Dale, and Mrs. Dale.Mr. Gaines is a son of Mr. B. O.Gaines, formerly owner and editor ofthe Georgetown News.v$10Hat at $6.00, a very stylishI1xICouncil of Defense' Rap! cfraf inn All Maine0 .w .. ..,,On page two of this issue will be found a complete resume of thedraft registration in which all, men between the ages of eighteen and forty-fivemust take part on Thursday, September 12.The order presents of no evasion. It must be complied with Everyman within the ages specified must on next Thursday, September 12, goto the voting booth in his precinct and register. This is imperative andcannot be side-stepped.So many inquiries have been made as to the intent and purpose ofthe order that Chairman C. A. Mc-Millan, and the local Draft Bormembers desire to have the matter fully understood. Everyone who canread can find out where he is "at" by reading the article on page two.BOURBON ITSCAL COURTThe adjourned session of the Bourbon Circuit Court was held in theCounty Court room at the courthouse Saturday, presided over byCounty Judge George Batterton, witha full attendance of Magistratespresent. . .Justices Fretwell and Turner wereappointed a Committee to investigateand report on the need of separateapartments for female prisoners atthe county jail, to report at the nextmeeting of the court.County Treasurer S. E. Bedfordwas authorized to borrow 15,000for the Turnpike Fund, and to execute his note for same, payable January 1, 1919, and bearing interestat six per cent.Claims against the county amounting to $2,080.80 were allowed andwarrants ordered drawn on the County Treasurer for their payment.The annual report of the GarthFund Commissioners, John T. Collins,E. M. Dickson and Claude M. Thomas,were read and approved. The reportmade the following allowances:OLD BENEFICIARIES.John Brown, $25.Preston Boles, $25.Yancey Chappell, $25.Howard Crump, $125.Edward Estes, $125.William T. Henry,-$150.Basil Hayden, $100.Collins Hall, $60. t -WilliamForsyth, $60. tFred Hill, $75.Landen Templin, $125.Stuart Wallingford, $175.John Welsh, $50.NEW BENEFICIARIES.jaerbert Banta, $40.Luke Connelly, $30.Stanley Humphries, $40.Raymond Wilson, $40.Albert Wright, $30.Lauthman Woods, $30.SWEATERS.Many neweluded in ournovel styles are infall showing $3 to$15.J. W, DAVIS & CO.fe fe feL. & N. AND C. & 0. FREIGHTSCOLLIDE.At Winchester, Friday morning,freight train No. 77 on the Chesapeake & Ohio, and a double-headertrain on, the Louisville & Nashville,met at the Winchester depot, in acollision. Three coal cars werewrecked, the end of the ticket officeand a section of the roof of the depotwere torn off. The C. & O. train wasin charge of Conductor Lancasterand Engineer Huffman, while the L.& N. train was in charge of Conducton Dick Brown and Engineers J. A.Blanton and Wayne T. Lafferty, allof Paris. Trainmaster P. F. Kesheimer, of Paris, was on the L. & N.train in the caboose." No one wasinjured. The wreck stopped trafficfor several hours.FARMERS RAISING OWNSUPPLY.POODFarmers are becoming more independent in regard to food supply thanthey have ever been since before theCivil "War, in the opinion of a fieldman of the United States Departmentof Agriculture, who recently returned from an inspection trip in NewYork and the New England States.Farmers in that territory who -havenever before raised wheat, barley andbuckwheat are growing small patchesof such .crops for their own use.WOMAN FATALLY RURNEDWHILE STARTING EIRE -While making a fire at her homenear Muir, Saturday, Mrs. Carrie R.Honaker was fatally burned as theresult of amatch coming in contractwith a can of oil in her hand, causing an explosion, and throwing fireall over her. ,. She was taken to tthe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, and diedshortly .afterward.fit im 1MILKING MACHINES TIMED. BYCOW'S HEART BEAT.According to tests jmade by theCanadian Government milking machines to operate properly shouldtake into account the heart beats ofthe cow. Examinations have shownthat there is a relatively smallamount of milk in a cow's udder atany one time, says the Popular Mechanics Magazine. Many times thatamount can be obtained in a milkingbecause 'nature secretes the milkfrofm the glands to which Sblood issupplied " as fast" as the udder la'emptied. -Gives Notice of DraftIS-AC Mt DI.U.vr-, muoi UCgDlCI.iMELLERSBURG VISITEDBY A$35,000 PIRE.About one o'clock yesterday afternoon Millersburg was visited by avery disastrous fire, entailing a lossto property to the extent of about$35,000.The fire started in the rear of theapartments occupied by Mrs. Sue Sandusky and rapidly spread until halfof the entire business block, which, islocated in the most prominent partof the city, had been consumed.Mrs. Sandusky had just finishedpreparing noon-day lunch on an oilstove and had gone to one of theneighbors and left the stove burning,which exploded a short time afterward and caused the fire.The property destroyed is as follows: Rufus Butler's grocery store.Apartpients of Mrs. Sue Sandusky.N. D. Rigdon restaruant.Phillips' Racket Store.Billy Miller's barber shop.Dr. H. C. Burroughs' office.Insurance on the real estate, all ofwhich was the property of Mrs. SueSandusky and the stocks of merchandise owned by the occupants, amounted to ?9,500, which was carried withthe insurance agency of SanfordAllen.Quite a good part of the stock ofthe Butler grocery was saved.All the furnishings belonging toMrs. Sandusky was lost, as she hadthe apartments locked up. Amongher belongings was a rare collectionof antiques that were very iraluableand could not be replaced for anyj amount of "money? also liandsome old$ furaiture and heirlooms that werehighly prized.The Millersburg fire department didexcellent work, and were ably assisted by volunteers, and especially thecolored population, who worked heroicly. The Carlisle department wascalled on and responded promptly,bringing their wonderful littlesteamer to the assistance.Millersburg has an equipment oftwo steam engines and "one chemicalengine, and is well fixed for flre.flghting.The fire was gotten under controlabout 2:30 and was stopped just asthe handsome new building of theExchange Bank was reached, it beinonly slightly damaged.- .INTENSIVE CAMPAIGN .EOR WAXRELIEF WORX.President Wilson has decided thatthe seven recognized societies doingwelfare work among the Americansoldiers at home and overseas shallconduct a joint campaign, v for thefunds necessary to carry on theirwork during the coming year.The President's decision was communicated to Chaiipnan Raymond D.Fosdick, of the Commission of Train-ring Camps Activities, who in makingpublic the Peresident's letter announced that the campaign would, beconducted during the week beginning November 11, and that theAmerican people would be asked togive $170,500,000 to the organization. The budget is divided as follows: Y. M. C. A., $100,000,000 Y.W. C. A., $15,000,000.National Catholic War Council (including work of Knights of Columbus and special war activities of women), $30,000,000; Jewish WelfareBoard, $3,500,000; American LibraryAssociation, $3,500,000; War CarapCopmunity Service, $15000,00;Salvation Army, $3,500,000. .XENTTJCKIANS RAID RAILROADLUNCH STAND.When a special train of sevencoaches loaded with Kentucky yngmen going to the Great Lakei NavalTraining Station arrived at Bedford,Indiana, over the Monon. a numberof the men left the train while itwas standing at the railroad' depotand made a raid on the lunchroomof Shady Akers on the south ead ofthe platform. ..Watermelons, cigars, candies; cigarettes and other articles which appealed to them were seized and the -protests of Akers were unheeded.An account of the ' occurrence hasbeen telegraphed to the etwiuaiingoncer at tne ureal lakw -TrainingStation. ".1tAIArI"3SMXTW0TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 111 gTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KY.m BOURBON NEWSed 188136 Years of Continuous Publication3Mfished Every Tuesday and Fridayt&ue eear..$2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.CHAMP, EdlUr and Owner.Amj .erroneous reflection upon theaiamcert standing or reputation off4pw-?rgon, inn or corporation which.mmr. appear in the columns of THE3WURB0N NEWS will be gladly cor-L, it brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATES. va'Wapjfry, Advertise menU, $1.00 periart. Cor first time; 50 cents per inchimudk subsequent insertion.afcskdl&g Notices, 10 cents per lineim0L"Uaue; reading notices in black?iMP0 cents per line, each issue.-MmitL of thanks calls on candib .Bat sit, 'obituaries and resolutions, and-". hnfTar matter, 10 cents per line.SMpial rates foc; large advertise-: MMitpln' and yearly contracts.Sie- right of publisher is reservedvsfcSMGadine any advertisement or othercAaMfttor for publication.Aam nuncements for political officesj.ntmli tavariably be accompanied by- This paper has enlistedsmththe government in theK?se of America for theperiod of the war-EDITOKIAX MUSINGS......j&& America's Answer.'f-iiuiouncement of the governjaftpat's army programme completes7me American answer to Germany's"3peace (Offensive." This and other?ieyielopjmea.ts of the day mean noth2img less ithan a demand for Gert.TttTiys iinconditional surrender, says:! New York Herald's WashingtonroErespondent."Germany .is now called upon totaksV-her c&oicoof .bowing to the trebwSrmiB ATTmrican military machinesr-helng annihilated by it.2Zhe army programme means anrAsxetlcau aipiy of more than six mil--iMaszraven. Behind them are millions-wmxe,ej&o ,that "the number of Ameri--aaBDSiiLiErance never will grow lesste always greater.- Quantity production has beenfepsachednot only in the merchant' wuxin4L ItJ.has been reached, in theasiuMlfacture of ordnance, of subma-rafeetffchaseris, of 'destroyers, of everyHanS "Of war munition or agency.Ajmerica has solved the problem of-Cganization an(j js now prepared to-qgsaggrie with the enemy with ever-acwsiiLg force andpower.33erman military' critics alwaysMwliu. insisted that if the Unitediifci&tssVcould organize her resourcesjArwoiild "be the greatest militarytapwerr In the world, but alwaystJacsutedsthe 5 possibility of its beingj-afcotnplished.a., i&a. pite of-1 the difficulties inrv8ave3, the United' States has doneZxUir- -and afterone year and three- mmjtifrs . participation in the war isjpfBPared to announce to the world-Hmr, determination 'to- wage it to theahaXshv: "War SavingsTStamps.;Qu4te a few persons "who signedit cards to buy War Savingsu9tmjps have not -yet redeemed themrss ihecvpostoffice" 'while many whoGMwred)Oughfr have notL"itaken therrauBsnnt their financial condition jus-U&es. T5ow-Bourbon county mustJst&L its -quota and' the- -sooner it doesTactile better.- We must back ourhcKve 'hoys' in -France and keep theJSSim'o-n the run'. Remember it takesamraey, as well as men, to win a war.Tha security, offered is the best inhe world and the rate of interest" .Ioht per cent, compounded quar"terly) makes them the most attractianre investment ever offered by thegovernment. Don't stand back and-arxit for some one else, but go to theostoffice to-day and buy all you canatna. get the habit of buying regularly.. Thrive by thrift. Don't be-sm spender, be a saver.A- Tip to Sugar Lovers.One Paris housewife has solved" - ithe situation thus: At breakfastaclL.morning she places on(the tablern,.the. sugar bowl the day's supply- vJt sugar for the entire family, for all-purposes. Father and the children" lM5ip themselves ana Keep a close-watch on each other. At the end oftlie4&y if any sugar remains in the' ewU it is transferred to a reserve- njly, saved for dessert, and thefrawl is replenished with the stipu-JVft ration for the new day. When-Jr,is enough sugar in the reserveuplly for a simple dessert the fam-Hy liave a treat. It's up to them. TheTrwult is that from the oldest to theurjrangest the members 6f the familyfeTe cut dowu their ordinary table-jtOTtio&s; in.-order to win th&xewardcrsrf .a pudding --or a pastry sonce ortwige a-we.ek Ityworks.likea charm.AUtwopofeds a month each .Individual is entitled to a-Iittleover anounce a day. On this basis-sugar ismeted out for the sugar bowl.Autos As A Necessity.The Fuel Administration evidentlydid not mean to restrict rural residents from riding to church in automobiles on Sunday when its requeststated that "motor vehicles on errands of necessity in rural communities where transportation by steamor electricity is not available" wereexempt from compliance with the request. For, as the Louisville EveningPost has pointed out, "the use of automobiles as a necessity depends noton a day of the week, but on the circumstances of the occasion." Certainly a man's spiritual needs constitute a necessity. And most assuredly one should be permitted to go tochurch in a ford, if not in an automobile. For, as some wag has remarked, a Ford will jar the devil outof him before he gets to church.But, seriously speaking, or writing,rather, the roads were alive in thisvicinity Sunday, Sept. 1st, with automobiles who were not on their wayto church. That's a dead moral certainty. They may have been usingchurch-going, as an excuse for that,but it was to the observer plain"joyriding."Keep Your Poise.We are all of us at a little tensionjust now. The war Is becoming ajvery real thing, and we have beenroused thoroughly out of our regularroutine. There has been a big shiftof values. What once. was of minorimportance has become big, and whatonce filled the whole heavens is being put aside as nonessential. Weare looking at life from a new viewpoint. Consequently this is the time of alltimes in which the individual shouldkeep watchful hold on himself. Heneeds to take care that while he isadjusting himself to new social andindustrial and economic conditionsand while he is acquiring a newmoral viewpoint for it is unquestionably true that some of the virtues of yesterday have become thevice of to-day and contrariwise hedoes not allow any deterioration ofhis general standards or of his powerto see clearly.There never was a time in whichit was more necessary for a man to"possess his soul in patience."And perhaps the beginning of theduty of the man of to-day to himselfand to his neighbors and to the State,is the preservation of his nervouspoise. For on the preservation ofthis depends in considerable measureeverything else.?Hl TSIF THEN WHY NOT NOW?Unity of action in Washington isas essential to the success of the present war as it was during the SpanishAmerican war, if anything, more so,because the task is much more gigantic. Republican leaders claimed it then,a Democratic administration mightclaim it now, and the claim in bothinstances would be well founded.The chance for unity of action isincreased by electingto both Senateand House men of the President'sparty."Support the President" was madethe issue in 1898, when Republicanleaders made the concerted plea tothe people that the defeat of McKin-ley's party at the polls would bemisinterpreted in the capitals ofEurope."Support the President" should bethe issue now, when the election ofmen of the Wilson party to the Senate and House will indicate thatthere is as little break in the rankshere as there is in our ranks on thebattlefield "over there" and when thecontrary now as claimed thenwould be misinterpreted in the capitals of Europe and construed as arefusal to sustain the war" and ouraims in the war.And so the principal issue in thefall campaigns this year is the sameas it was in the fall campaigns in1898. The Republicans used it then.The Dejmocrats should use it now. Itwon out then. It will win out now.im te teA CHILD'S PRAYER.Dear God, my daddy's in this warAnd other daddies, too;I don't know 'zactly where they are,But you know, God, don't you?I can't imagine anythingThat's worser than this fightAn' God, I'll bet you're wonderingAbout it, day and night.My mother's prayers are same as mineAnd other mothers, too;There's more than "two or three"this timeYou'll listen, God, won't you?You'll bring my daddy back again,No matter if he's lameOr blind, or deaf or anything,We'll love him just the same.fS f9& ffRGTTARD MILK FOR NAVAL CADETSThe quality of the milk furnishedfor the use of the future naval officers of the United States Navy atAnnapolis is being closely guarded.Representatives of the Dairy Divisionof the United States Department ofAgriculture make monthly visits tothe United States Naval Academydairy at Gambrills, Md., and on eachvisi,t the dairy is scored and the bacterial count is taken of a number ofsamples of milk and recommendations for improvement arev made.There are in s.this dairyabout 200grade Holstein cows.Council off Befense Gives Nftice of i DraftRegistratioflrU Mals,5 18-45,Mist Register.Chairman A. B.Hancock of the Bourbon County Council of Defense is inreceipt of the following:KENTUCKY COUNCIL OF DEFENSE.Louisville, Ky., Sept. 6, 1918.To The Bour.bon, County Council of Defense:The Kentucky Council of Defense has just received the following- telegram -from the office, of 'the.ErovosfcMarshal General, at Washington- Blease.reaa tais teiegram taicxuuy aim uuhk,ww tuuicuw oa. it to me attention oithe Mayor of your town, or your County Judge, and request him to issuea proclamation thereon. This proclamation should not be issued until thePresident has fixed the date of registration:"Washington, D. C, Aug. 28th, 1918."Kentucky Council of Defense, Louisville, Ky."As a general suggestion, so that all boards may issue approximatelythe same call for the coming draft registration, please obtain from the Governor of your State, or draft executive, a. proper revision of the followingrough draft of an order or proclamation calling on the people of your Stateto observe the Federal rulings covering draft registration, and release samefor publication throughout your State, with whatever changes are madenecessary to meet local conditions, as soon as the President's coming proclamation fixes the date for draft registration. Also have your own publicitycampaign on these facts and obtain a similar proclamation frm the Mayorsof your cities."The President of the United States, by proclamation, has fixed Thursday, September 12, for the registration throughout the United States of allmen between the ages of eighteen and forty-five inclusive, for military service, except those who have already registered and those who are not required under the law to do so."Under separate authority vested in the President, it has been orderedthat State headquarters, local boards and other officials of the State willihold, themselves in readiness to proceed promptly with their work of registration on the date fixed."Existing draft machinery will be used with such increased facilitiesand additional registrars as are required for this enrollment- Under thePresident's proclamation, the Governors of all States-ave been called uponto supervise this registration and the Adjutant General, or Draft Executive,will, under this proclamation, be the central administrative authority. AlllocaL boards will have immediate direction and supervision within theirrespectve jurisdiction. The actual regstration will be made in the customary voting precincts with the jurisdiction of each board, or in such placesas the local board having jurisdiction shall designate by public notice."Rulings issued by the. Provost Marshal as to persons who are requiredto register under the act are as follows :" 'All male persons who shall have attained their- eierliteentli hirt.hHavand shall not have attained their fortyjlux. regi&urauuii uy uie jrresiuent must register, ine only exceptions are" '(A) Persons who, prior to the day set for registration by the President, have registered under the terms of the act approved May 18, 1917(which fixed the original age limits at 21 to 30 inchisivM m- imr ffcoterms of public resolution of Congress,xvi. we xcgiauttuuu "KV u uue J-j.f, oi tnose reaching the age of 21years), whether called for public service or not; and"'(B) Officers and regular army officers appointed, and. men of theforces drafted under the provisions of act approved May 18, 1917: officersand enlisted men of the National Guard while in the service of the UnitedStates; and officers of the Officers Reserve Corps and enlisted men in theenlisted reserve corps while in the service of the United States;, and(C) Officers and enlisted men of the Navy and Marine Corps andofficers and enlisted men and enrolled men of the Naval Reserve forces andMarine Corps Reserve while in the service of the United States; and. (D) Diplomatic representatives, technical attaches of foreien embassies and legations, consuls general, consuls and consuls agents of i oreiracountries residing m the United States. 6 6... "Persons nt subject to registration, solely on account of being in the!"""WiV nvoi ocxviuc ox tne united states Decome subject to registration and are required to register immediately upon leaving such military or"Citizens of the United States or persons, who have declared their intention to become citizens bf the United States,, who do not register on account of absence from the territorial limits, of the: United States, are required to register within five days after their return to the. United States.4-u i re&ulations then warn .registrants and all other persons chargedwith a knowledge of the regulations, that ignorance' of the provisions willnot excuse them."These regulations, it is set forth, 'Have- the force and. effect of law, andall persons .required by these regulations to- be registered, and all persons? Cimwnyght Pnvilege in respect of any registrant, are chargedwith the knowledge of the provision thereof.' Failure by any persen required te be registered te perform any duty prescribed by these regulationsis a misdemeanor, punishable by imprisonment for one year, and may rel? the loss of 'valuable nghW and privileges, and-an immediateMnduction into the military service..- Local polVce. authorities in all parts of the country will co-operate with? nm?nS J? thl enorc?ment of order on registration day. Etegula-qVnfLPCfri-belb?-.President and sent to dfaft officials of SsStates, contain the following provisions:qfa"?oifeay 8if for re.Sistration, all Federal Marshals, police officers,cwi ?i 1u,nt township, municipal and town of whatever grade or classSoli! .themselve? readiness to render whatever assistance may beErK ration -d in assistig infoaboards the-names of any persons known by.thum to-have failed to rasterSlSSS68' W 1ftbIe t0 Titration; and it shall be the luty ofocalW to tw50 t?the SrPer United States District. Attorney all Yases comregison !?SS8rf iSTS?" t0 Present th-Selves forhibit sZlSr PerSnS SUbJeCt t0 exfilQ tnISnfV?Pr,'5?se"in'whi.aduly designated officer or agent refuses orwDroceSS2r?, Adjun?nt general, or member of a locaLbTardbrinf thefact JS5?iS agent for such, duty, and-wiltherPwitVi , L J't"uxc VU fcne circumstances connectedwith Tviw tnLaSe?-?? 0f ihe proper. United States District. Attorney,wovided iwfe1??011 f Pwsecution of such, an officer or. agent, asprovided m Section6 of the act approved May 18, 1917.measure ofnl-11 fte people ofthis State sha11 accord the, fullestman SSSSSSS' ,mErisM and(Signed) D. M. REYNOLDS,Thp nbnvo tola.,, A A , Provost Marshal General's Office.Defense! telegram is sent to you by order of the Kentucky Council ofSSXBLS; HINES, Chairman,PENDLETON BECKLEY, Executive Secretary.UNCEASING MISERY.Some Paris Kidney Sufferers Get Little Rest or Comfort.There is little sleep, little rest, little peace for many a sufferer fromkidney trouble. Life is one continualround of pain. You can't rest at nightwhen there's kidney backache. Yousuffer twinges and "stabs" of pain,annoying urinary disorders, lamenessand nervousness. You can't be comfortable at work with darting painsand blinding dizzy spells. Neglectthese ailments and serious troublesmay follow. Begin using Doan's Kidney Pilla at the first sign of disorder.Thousands have testified to theirmerit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills a fewtimes in the past and have beengreatly benefited. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too frequently,making me get up often, at night. Ihave used a box of Doan's KidneyPills at those times and they havealways rid me of the complaint. Ithink they are a splendid medicineand gladly recommend them."Price, 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn. Co.,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Automobile, bodies made, experimentally of concrete- re-e'nfored withsteel-wire are said to be stronger andlighter than 'wooden ones.- sixth birthday on, or before day setapproved May 20, 1918, (providingCHILDREN ASKED3 TO SAVEFRUIT PITS AND NUT SHELLSPits from- fruits and' nut shells formaking carbon are needed by thegovernment and! the school childrenof the State are- asked to help winthe war- by saving the pits. Poisongas was one of the first fruits ofKultur. It stings, blinds and kills.Charcoal' or carbon made from fruitpits and nut shell is used to neutralize it.Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert is calling on the schoolsuperintendents and teachers to organize clubs to save the bits. Theyshould be dried thoroughly in the sun.before being turned over to collecting' stations. Pits f rom peaches, apricots, plums, cherries and prunes andshells from hickory nuts, walnutsand butter-nuts are used to make carbon or charcoal. Two hundretivpeachpits and seven pounds of nuts pro-i duce enough carbon for one gas respirator.The campaign throughout the United States for the collection of : fruitpits and nut shells is being wagedby C. D. Strayer, Division of Education, National War Savings Committee. GOOD FOR BILIOUSNESS."Two years ago I suffered fromfrequent attacks of stomach troubleand biliousness. Seeing Chamberlain's Tablets advertised I' concludedtbvtrpitKem; I improved rapidly."Miss 'Emma' Verbryke, Lima.jO.(sept-ady)mW TANTEDManr -vvomaa.7or boy to assist indairy, work". Good wages and steadyemployment. Apply at once toMRS. J. U. BOARDMAN,Both Phones 224. Paris, Ky.(6-tf)Found1.On the streets of Paris, Saturdaymorning, a small sum of money, incurrency, JVIust be claimed by therightful owner, who must pay advertising charges.FOR RENT.Four-roomavenue. Gasing. WaterApply tocottage on Harmonfor lighting and heatin kitchen. Large lot.MISS CORDIB OWSLEY,(30-3t) 1533 South High St.For Rent.iNice Main street' flat in secondstory. Has all modern improvement. Call on or address,MRS. MARIA IiYONS,(2-tf) 913 Main St., Paris, Ky.IRONWe pay highest prices for irpnejunk, hides and wool.MUNICH &, WIDES & CO.,Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)Public RentinOPfWe will rent publicly at the courtihouse door, at 2 o'clock, p. m., on-Saturday, Sept. 14, 1918,the Boswell farm containing; 140acres situated on Paris & Lexingtonpike, XVz, miles from Paris,. with interurban stop in front of dwelling.To be cultivated as follows:About 40 acres in corn, 2T4 acresin wheat, 9 acres in rye, 17 acres inclover, 7 acres in timothy and balance to remain in grass.Contract to be read at time-of renting and note to be secured! satisfactorily to the undersigned.This Is an excellent farm with nicedwelling and is desirable iit everyway.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY.Guardian of Boswell Heirs.(6sep-4t)Wanted-JudLWe pay the following- prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us your shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred: pounds.Mixed Iron, $1.00. per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10) per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 par hundredpounds.Bones, $1.20 '.per hundred pounds.Heavy Copper; 23c: per: pound.Light Copper, 21e per pound.Mixed Heavy (Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass,. 12n,per penndLLead, ,6 c per pound:Zinc, 5c per pound".Aluminum, 24c per pouiwLBoots and Shoes,. 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties,, 5c per pound., Inner Tubes, lie per pound".Green Salt Hides 18c- per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, $6.50 for No. 1's.Lambskins, $2'. 00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, $3.00.Shearlings, $1.5"0.All F. O. B. 'Lexington.We also purchase old and newfeathers, for which we pay the highest price. Send us samples.SPEYBR & SON,. Lexington, Ky.Are You Deaf?Iyou are unable to hear ordinary-conversation, call at myoffice and. let me demonstrate theACOUSTICONone of the best electric hearing.instruments on the market to-.day.DrW-ro, Riley Franklin' 'Suite2;05-6-'FirstJNationarBank 'Both! Phones, Parish Ky.BoswellFarmXISSELIZABETH B. GILTHraPiano and VioliiStudio 227 Seventh Street.Term Opens September 2, 1918.PAEIS, KY.(13aug-lmo)Margolen'sSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.dveUsmQrderSanitary Meat Market(TON OURBARGAIN TABLESChildren's DressesTwo assortments98c and $1.49Children's Rompersat59c a pairCorset Coversa splendid- assortment atr35c eachBoys' WaistsValues up to 98c at49c eachLadies' Muslin Go wasa p;ood bargain at99c eachBed QuiltsRegular $2.98 values at$1,98Pumps and Oxford$1.99 pairTwin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Pans, Ky.brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a well illuminated house.useOiectricityfor CigbtiNgIt's the only satisfactory way.use SetsTor beating and gorttodIt's the-only sensible plan.Let Us Fix Yoi UpFtr the Use ti BothElectricity and Gas.HGQLEN'SSPECIALSiT-TPari Gas & Electric Co.(Iiconwrated)JfA.XTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1915TBI BOURBON NEWS, FAKCH Kf,RT?101mmPtptptPpiptPtPtptKPMmmmptmptPtpipx..mp;iLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTYSOLDIERS AND SAILORS JMarion Thqmas, son of Mr. andMrs. Clay Thomas, of North Middletown, who went overseas sometimeago with the Dr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40, writes from England as follows to relatives in. NorthMiddletown:"Somewhere in England,"July 21, 1918."Dear Ones: I am getting alongfine. Arrived all O. K. Never gotsick at all. Don't you know the firstfellow I saw when I arrived here inEngland was one of my old Transylvania friends."Well, we are stationed here inEngland; we have a hospital, all byourselves, a new one. I don't know!how many months we will be here intnis location, we may never seeFrance."We certainly had a wonderfultrip. I never saw such pretty scenery as there was in the country inwhich we landed. The houses are attached one to another. It looked asif about 500 families lived in onebuilding. There were about 100children in each yard."I will be glad when we get settled. I certainly hated to leave theold U. S. A., but am now glad I cajme.I wouldn't have missed it for anything. We were able to see the effects of the war before we landedsafely and more than ever by seeingthe soldiers that had been to thefront. Our hospital will be aboutfie miles from where we are now."Just think of the Y. M. C. A. manhere being one of my Transiyvaniaclass mates! That makes it nice,doesn't it? He is the only one I haveseen from close home."Herbert and myself have been together the whole tfyne in the army.Well I will close for this time. Willwrite more in a day or two, as Ihaven't found out what I can writejust yet. Answer soon. With loveand kisses."Your son and brother,"PVT. MARION C. THOMAS,"Base Hospital No. 40, American Expeditionary Force, England."Dr. Martha Petree, of this city, isin receipt of letters from her -nephew,Harry Petree, of Ogden, Mo., who isin Uncle Sam's service in France,both of which are very interesting.The letters, under date of July 23and August 3, are as follows:"France, July 23, 1918." I am afraid I have been neglecting you in the way of writing thepast ten days, but I have really notbeen at fault very much. Here wehave no writing room at all, and itis very hard to get any writing done,if I had time. Since coming here Ihave been rushed to death, ferryingplanes all over France, often traveling all night by train to get back,arriving just in time to leave on. another trip in the morning. It islaining to-day, so I have had time toshave (the first time in four days),write up my dairy, and start thisletter."I like the camp here very piuch,and also the work. I am not far fromParis, and get a chance to see it almost every day. My work is delivering airplanes of all kinds to different points over France. I think itis good experience flying all types ofplanes chasse, artillery, observation, reconnaisance, bombing. Oneday you jump into a chasse plane youhave never seen before, the next timeit is a big bomber. It isn't much ofa trick, after flying the smallerplanes, to get away with the bigones. The latter are merely less sensitive and are (more sluggish. Thefirst big plane I flew here was surelya queer sensation to me. I couldn'tfeel it like the chase planes andmerely flew it mechanically. Afterflying a few times in larger boatsthey seem less strange, but I am notkeen about flying them. In my tripshere I got some good practice following a map, for some trips run over200 (miles."I don't know how long I will behere. It may be a month or so, orless than a week. I am acting asferry pilot temporarily, while waiting to go to the front. The nearestI have been to the front so far hasbeen taking planes to the front.wryMHt fflififlLM''''1"' -46th Fall Meeting Sept. 30-Oct. 12, 1918MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30Walnut Hall Cup, 2:00 Trotting: $ 3,000The Tuturits' (2- ear-olds) 5.00C2:07 Class, Pacing 1,0002:14 Class, Pacini? 1.000TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1Kentucky Futurity (3-year-olds). ...$14,000-:07 Class, Trotting: 1.0002:18 Class. Trottinc 1.0002:03 Class. Pacing 1.000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2Phoenix Hotel, Free-for-all, Pacing:. .$ 1.5002:15 Class, Trotting 1,0002:11 Class, Trotting: 1.0002:09 Class, Pacing 1,000THURSDAY. OCTOBER 3.The Transylvania, 2:00 Trotting-. ...$ 5,0002:09 Class, Trotting 1,0002:20 Class. Trottinir 1,0002:12 Class, Pacing 1,000FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4The Blue Grass, 2:08 Pacing ? 2,000The Lexington (2-year-olds) 2,0002:13 Class, Trotting 1.0002:lG Class, Pacing- 1.000Most Noted Trotters and Pacer of AmericaIn Great Speed Contests Each DayTwice I stopped over night in atown bombed by Germans. The firstnight I was so tired I slept throughall the noise of bombs, and machineguns and didn't know about it untilnext day. Nobody seemed to payany particular attention to suchthings, for things went on just thesame.Must close now, for it is clearingup and I will probably take a tripthis p. ptn. Lovingly,"HARRY.""France, August 3."I am still ferrying machines allaround. I fly everything from planessomewhat resembling chicken coopsto the modern, trim looking fighters. Made one interesting: trin of 300miles. My destination was a field onthe coast, and I had a great swim.The beach was the finest I have everseen, and the water just right. Thenwe had a 50-mile auto trip in theevening to a large town where' wetook the train. We went through aninteresting country in the Brittanysection. The life there has oftenbeen painted by great artists. Thecountry was lowlying, and cut byditches and dykes. Dutch windmillsdotted the landscape. The houses andframes were on the tiniest scale,scrupulously neat. The peasantswere picturesque, with their barelegs and wooden shoes. Altogetherit was about the most interestingtrip I ever took."The worst feature of the work isriding on the trains nearly everynight. Of course there is nothinglike a Pullman, and often we won'thave our clothes off more than twotimes a week. The cross-countrywork is very good. One trip takesme 200 miles, all of which is almostin sight of the lines, so a person hasto be careful to go the right direction. As soon as I can be relievedhere I will go to the front. It maybe several weeks yet, I can't tell."Must close now and get a bit ofsleep. Last night I slept about anhour and a half on the floor of thecorridor of the train. Couldn't finda seat and didn't get much rest."Love to all."HARRY."Mrs. Duncan Bell is in receipt ofthe following letter, written fromFrance under date of July 22, byCharles Edwards, colored, formerlyof Paris:"France, July 22, 1918.Dear Mrs. Bell: This leaves mewell and enjoying the best of health.How are you all? I have been infour battles, and haven't even asingle scratch to show as a souvenir.All of which I am glad to state, andvery thankful for."Wiell, Mrs. Bell, the Kaiser's forceswill soon be completely wiped out.At least that is the firm belief overhere, and certainly the intention ofthe Allies to accomplish. We arekeeping them under a perfectlyceaseless shower of bullets, shells,gas, flames, shrapnel, air bombs,hand grenades, and almost everyconceivable kind of missle that helpsto remind thepn of our presence andtheir need for making haste. Thebest thing of all is the fact that wehave successfully braved the submarines. So you can imagine how oldKaiser Bill and Von Hindenburg andthe rest of that ungodly crew feelover so many of our boys being" inFrance, ready to answer any cause.You know from this that we are feeling fine and fit enough to whip anyrace of people on earth that are asmean as the Germans. So, we willbe at home very soon, and will haveto tell our story in person. I trustto hear from you or some of the Parispeople real soon."Very Truly,"PRIVATE CHARLES EDWARDS,"Co. H., 372 U. S. R. I., S. P. 179France, via New York."When the average man attemptsto stand on his dignity he is veryapt to find that his feet are too largefor the pedestal.m ISPeat and chalk are being extensively used for briqueting in Canada.Such fuel has been found efficientand economical.SATURDAY, OCTOBER G.The Kentucky (3-j ear-olds) $ 2,000Breeders' Stakes (2-j ear-olds) 5,0002:16 Class, Trotting 1,0002:08 Class, Pacing 1,000MONDAY, OCTOBER 7Free-for-all, Trotting $ 1,500The Board of Commerce - -2:14 Class, Trotting 1,002:05 Class, Pacing 1,000TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8The Cumberland, 2:04 Pacing ? 2,000Dinner Stakes (3-j ear-olds) 4,0002:03 Class, Trotting 1.50"2:15 Class, Pacing 1,00"WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9The Ashland. 2:15 Trotting ? S.00Pnlr.! -Fiitiiritv ouu2:08 Class, TrottingTffo-j ear-old Trotters1,0001,000THURSDAY, OCTOBER 102:10 Class, Trotting 5 W2 19 Class, Trotting l-gg2:10 Class, Pacing mVnnnThree-year-old Trotters 1.000FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, OCTOBER 11AND 12 RESERVED.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. IComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Wm. H. Fisher is at homefrom a visit to Mrs. Neville Fisher,in Georgetown.Miss Julia Clarke has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin West Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Moore andfamly have moved to Covington toreside in the future.Miss Margaret Doyle has returned from a visit to Miss Lena MayJones, in Winchester.Miss Ruby Jane Houston hasentered the Midway school for thecoming school term.Miss Marjorie Trisler has returned from a visit to relatives inHanley, West" Virginia.Mrs. James H. Thopipson, Jr.,was a recent visitor to friends andrealtives in Lexington.Miss Ruth Richards, of Owingsville, is a guest at the home of Dr.and Mrs. D. B. Anderson.Mrs. W. T. Brooks has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Chas.Spillman, in Harrodsburg.Dr. D. B. Anderson attended themeeting of the State Medical Association at Louisville, last week.Mrs. Johnson Rogers, of St.Paul, Minn., is a guest of Mrs. C. M.Clay, at her home near Paris.Miss Mary Gorey has gone toNazareth, Ky., to attend the comingschool term at Nazareth Academy.Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Paton havereturned fropi a visit to the former'smother, Mrs. B. G. Paton, in Carlisle.Misses Ida .Lee Wheeler andRuth Wheeler have returned from avisit to Mrs. G. F. Young, in Carlisle. . . l,v,,T1s?IltfSfiMiss Agness Turner has returned from a visit to Misses Ruth Pinnell and Lena May Jones, in Winchester. Mrs. Hume Payne and daughters, Misses Rebecca and Marie GayPayne, were recent visitors in Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Payne, whohave been residing on Parrish avenue, have moved to Hamilton, Ohio,to reside.Mrs. Lutie Martin has returnedto her home near Cynthiana after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Emma Smith,in this city.Miss Sallie May Banta and Myrtle Everjman have entered the Midway Orphan School, at Midway, forthe school term.Mrs. Carl Stephens has returnedto her home in Poindexter, Harrisoncounty, after a visit to Mrs. Mary K.Rose, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Waller ChanslorDalby have returned from their bridal tour and are at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Chas. P. Cook.Mrs. George Determan anddaughter, June, have returned froma visit to relatives and friends in FtThomas, Ky.t and in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Rankin D. Kingand children moved Saturday toBrooksville, to reside. Mr. King hasleased a farm near Brooksville.Misses Rebecca and Eliza Vansant have returned to their home "firFlemingsburg, after , a visit to Mr.and Mrs. John Cooper, in this city.Miss Rebecca Collier and littlegranddaughter, Miss Rebecca Collier,have returned from a visit to Judgeand Mrs. R. M. Collier, at Cynthiana.Mr. Ben Orr, son of Rev. B. F.Orr, of this city, who underwent asurgical operation at a Lexingtonhospital some time ago, is improvingrapidly.Mr. and Mrs. J. Hedges Rash, ofNorth Middletown, are sojourningfor a few days at the CarlsbadSprings Hotel, at Dry Ridge, in Grantcounty.Mrs. Grant Overby and daughter, Mary Elizabeth, and Mrs. Margaret Quinlan are guests of MissesNancy and Margaret Quinlan, inCincinnati.Mr. Richard H. Wells, of Paris,shipped two cars of driving and workhorses and two cars of hogs to Bishopville, N. C, and will make anothershipment this week.Mrs. John Lee and daughter,Miss Ruth Lee, have concluded aplasant visit to Mr. and Mrs. L. H.Dills, in Cynthiana, and returned totheir home in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Caywoodand sons, Gano and Nelson Caywood,guests of the former's mother, Mrs.Clifton Thomas, have returned totheir home in Akron, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Trisler haveas guests Mrs. J. L. Garrison and son,Richard, of Hanley, West Virginia,and Mrs. Lizzie Fout and son, Howard, of Montgomery, West Virginia.Mr. Charles O. Martin, son ofMr. and Mis. Carter N. Martin, ofthis city, is a patient at a Cincinnatihospital, where he underwent a successful surigcal operation last week.Mr. Thomas Drennan, purchasedof Dudley & Carpenter, in Flemingcounty, thirty-five cattle for deliveryOct. 1, for which he paid twelve centsa pouna. me cattle averaged l,U5Upounds.Mr. W. H. H. Johnson is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he will be for the nextthree weeks. Mr. Johnson has neverfully recovered from the effects of afall sustained about a year ago.Mrs. Alice Barnett Weathers,Mrs. Frank K. Bottom, Mrs. J. .B.Utterback and Miss Alice Weathershave returned to their homes in Lexington, after a visit to friends andrelatives in this city and county.Miss Minnie Boehme has returned from a month's vication spentwith friends and relatives in BarHarbor, Maine. Miss Boehme hasresumed her position as Superintendent of the Massie Memorial Hospital.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the' State Game and FishCommission visited Bourbon countyrelatives last week, and took part ina dove hunt on the farm of hisbrother, Mr. J. Miller Ward, with aparty of friends.' . J (Other -Personals on Page 5.)217.2sprmm.Face PowderIt clings to skinstavs on. Rv.moyes all shine. Enhances natural beauty with velvety smoothness. Tint for every complexion.Exquisite fragrance. The powlL thBtJs dfferent amazinglybetter. Try it and seaM. A. PATONPhone 1010516 Main St.A HERO EVERY DAY.This is the story of three men, representing the Navy Dental Corps, theHospital Corps and the .United StatesMarine Corps. All are .dead now apart of the toll of the Battle ofBouresches, won by the Marines earlyin June. The Marine, Capt. DonaldF. Duncan, had charged, leading hismen against a shower of machine gunbullets to the aid of a platoon thatwas almost cut to pieces. And as hewent forward he carried a pipe inhis mouth and dallied with the stickhe carried. The Marines behind him,steadied by his coolness, pressed forward. Then the machine gun streamcaught Captain Duncan, drilling himthrough again and again. His menwent on. The Captain fell, gaspingwith pain. Dental Surgeon Osborneof the United States Navy, and a Hospital Corpsjman, unidentified, ran forward to his assistance. They carriedhim to shelter. Then the roaringboom of a big shell. A great, gapinghole where the shelter had been. Thethree men were gone, literally blownout of existence.wa?.:ts of proper time to cutwalnut trees.Warning as to the proper time tocut walnut trees is sounded in a letter to the American Forestry Association from Dr. Robert T. Morris, anauthority, of New Yoik City. Theblack walnut is destined to play abig part in the war, and PresidentWilson has called on the Boy Scoutsto pnark the trees."From September to April is thetime to cut these trees," Dr. Morrissays. "If the trees are cut at othertimes, the roots will die."Ba ? isFOR WEAK STOMACH.The great relief afforded by Chamberlain's Tablets in a multitude ofcases has fully proven the great valueof this preparation for a weak stomach and impaired digestion. In manycases this relief has become permanent and the sufferers have been completely restored to health.(sept-adv)FIRE MANUAL FOR TEACHERSThe State Board of Education metin Frankfort, and agreed to send toeach teacher in the State the manualon safeguarding the home againstfires, which is prepared by State FireMarshal Pannell. This manual willbe taught to the children in the common schools.Many ArticlesAtOld Prices!Grandpa's Wonder Soap 5cWhite Lily Soap 5cTrilby Soap 5cGoblin Soap 5cSanta Claus Laundry Soap.. 5cBest Matches, per box &cGas Globes, still 1 OcShinola Shoe Polish 1 OcDried Beans, pound.. 12 1 -2cRegular 75c Broom,4-sewed 50cPost Cards, comics, 8 for 5 cYou can always save money bydealing at theBusy. Bee Cash StoreBOOKKEEPINGDimlna DhnnnnnanliuOm llua""'wi' '. " "r"-', VKHWK I IIM(v4i4TELEGRAPHYITH BUSINESS COLLEGEBlip...... fTAnaMAMda! C?aIIaaa IT r.lnMWrItS President Vina TAarti nf prnAWanAAn Tn.i..nt1TAI and banking business, also 40 years edncatins- 20.00Ci T?PBg men and women for ancceas., WEnter now.Lliim WILBUR K. 'SMITH, EexlfcrtaK. Ky.WloiiM aonlWfarsMy wvjS&hw g3wWIIRIID D U"J""wii niSmThe Lexington College of MusicAnnounce ThatBIRGER MAXIMUS BEAUSANG, BaritoneWill Teach Voice in Paris, Ky.,Beginning September 12thLocation of Studio will be announced later. For informrtion addressMISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFF, Director,,-(aug 2-7t-F) Lexington, KwitirfIndividual Instruciion Received ByStudents of Fugazzi School'Insures Their SuccessSo says Miss Ada Banahan in a letter to Miss Fugazzilwhich we are publishing in full below, as it is typical of:the letters we are receiving all the time from our f ormeirstudents.,,. T r, . June 25, 1917,- -Miss Irene Fugazzi,Fugazzi School of Business,Lexington, Ky.Dear Miss Fugazzi:Just a few lines to express to you my apprepreciation of what you and your excellent schooLhave done for me.I am holding a fine position which you helpedXme secure and feel that it was your thorough,conscientious training that made me capable of ""holding it. The individual instruction and personal attention which you give your students in- -suretheir success. I shall always be glad torecommend your school to anyone who desiresto become really efficient.Yours very sincerely,ADA BANAHAN,,JyPu ??ave average ability we can do for you whatwe did for Miss Banahan.WE COURT A THOROUGH INVESIGATION. SPECIAL.COACHING GIVEN FOR CIVIL SERVCE CANDIDATES,Send For Free Catalogue.. . Our catalogue giving full details and cost of tuitionis just off the press. Send or call for your copy it is-,free for the asking.Day or Night Classes-Special Summer rates now imeffect for the Full Business Course.For further information write, phone or call at theschool.Fugazzi School of Business.Miss Irene Fugazzi, Principal,Efficiency is Our Watchword.117 N. Upper St. Opp. Court House Lexington, Kyi :IIIuheZPenciieton Shop135 EAST MAIN ST., OPP. PHOENIX HOTELLEXINGTON, KENTUCKY:We Extend a Cordial Invitationto Visit Our New Store,and Solicit YourPatronageGOWNSSUITSBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Street" - 1 -The Bourbon aimdrjrParis, Kentuckyajm?Y2?5s:HATS:-3'SATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!-J With all the latest improvevS ments in laundry appliances.- and expert helpers we are- J. prepared to do work infeJ rior to none, and solicitfIlvf'-Pyour patronage..rIIat':f iar rrXT-W: nlib wri"SJTcIk.KJJ W'X ''i5E1m1ST1h?Bifjf: ' -El(6-2t)&.? tyt.v., ,N.C?y.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.AiI WWTTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, Ills'WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES.'At the Bed Cross Booms.Tuesday Woman's Society of theChristian church.Wednesday Woman's Society ofthe Episcopal, church.Thursday Young Wpman's Mission Circle.Friday Progressive Culture Club.Registration of the women ofBourbon .county under the direction of the Council of NationalDefense, is proceeding with rapidityand enthusiasm. Headquarters atthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank is avery busy' place, wfth Mrs. E. F. Clayas chairman, Miss Mary FithianHutchcraf t as secretary, twenty-eightregistrars for the county and twentytwo for the city.So many requests for a businesscourse have been made that plans fora night class have been discussed.Several prominent young women havesigned up for training in motor mechanics and service of truck driver.Others have expressed a desire forcamp or canteen service, and severalplan to take the course in telegraphy.Information regarding governmentpositions in Washington is also avail-ahle at the office stenographers,typewriters, booth helpers, filingclerks and office attendants are badlyneeded in- the War Department, andsalaries are most attractive. Girls"with neitber training or experienceare used for departmental clerks, butall applicants must pass the civilservice examination.The drive for nurses is being especially emphasized. Twenty-five graduate nurses must be enrolled by Jan.1, so the Surgeon-General is makingan earest appeal to young women athome to enter training for the student nurses reserve in civilian hospitals or to register with the armyschool in Washington for training incantonment hospitals. FourteenBourbon women have responded to.the appeal so far.JTM 23 cas as0 Come or k03"pital attendants for convalescenthuts in Fr&nce women with cheerful dispositions and iron constitution. Transportation and living expenses are paid by the Red Cross".Applicants for Red Cross nursingshould have a High School educationand should be between 19 and 35years of age. Applicants for canteenservice snould speak French fluentlyand be able to pay their own expenses $2,000 a year as a minimum.No woman under 25 years of age willhe given a passport for overseas service under any circumstances.Registration of women in Bourboncounty through a house-to-housecanvass of both the city and countyclosed Saturday, with an approximatetotal of 4,500 white women registered. This number will be increasedwhen the final tabulation is made, asseveral registrars are yet to report.Fourteen young women who registered signified their intention ofbecoming army nurses, and have volunteered their services.Registration of the negro womenof the city and county has been deferred because of a shortage of cards.This work will-be taken up fromSept 16 to 21 under the supervisionof colored people.NO "FALL OPENING." BUTBEAUTIFUL MILLINERY DISPLAY EVERY DAY.AWe will not have a "Millinery'Opening" this fall, but will have- ondisplay at all times the most popularadvanced styles in millinery of everydescription. The prices this year areextremely reasonable in view of theadvanced prices in all materials usedto make them. You are invited tocall.(6-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.JE3 la E3HOW TOWN PEOPLEAIDTHEFARMERS.Y"af-!-,.rtwi?3-'How the little tOwh of Delhi, situated in the Catskill Mountains inNew York State, is aiding farmers inthe surrounding community in securing much-needed labor is told by arepresentative of the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture, who hasrecently returned from an inspectiontrip in that district. The local commercial club of Delhi has organizedsome of the business men of the townwho are willing to do farm work after 3 o'clock. The farmer who needshelp telephones to the club, and at 3O'clock the volunteer workers climbinto automobiles and report to hisfarm for a half-day's work. About 35business men are being placed everyday on the farms around Delhi. Thelocal minister has set the example.He spends one day helping each ofthe farmers in his congregation.' - es a isHAD HIS GOOD POINTS"Wherever did you get that dreadful black eye, Mrs. Hawkins?" saidthe East-end district visitor, as sheseated herself on the extreme edgeof the shaky chair in the room."It were the result of a triflin'haltercation wiv my 'usband, mum,"replied 4he lady of the house."Dear, dear, dear!" cried the visitor, holding up her hands in horror;"how dreadful! What a bad. wickedman your husband must be!""Not at all, mum," retorted theother with dignity. " 'Awkins is'asty, but 'e's a puffect gentleman at'eart I can h assure you that after'e'd giv me this black eye 'e sat'olding a cold fryin'-pan to it forhupwards of a hower, a-trin' todeduce the swellin so I could see towash his clothes. A little hattentionlike that goes a long w'y towardsmakin' marrl'd life 'appy, mum, as Ideseay you've fahnd yerself.".DEATHS.LANCASTER.Mrs. Mary Josephine Lancaster,aged sixty-four, died at her home inLexington last week, after a protracted illness. Mrs. Lancaster wasthe wife of Mr. Edward Lancaster anda sister-in-law of Mr. C. J. Lancaster,of this city, who was one of the pallbearers at the funeral. She is survived by her husband and threedaughters. The pall-bearers at thefuneral were six brothers-in-law ofthe deceased.ROSS.The funeral of John Ross, agednine, who died Friday afternoon atthe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Ross, on the Haggin farm, inthis county, of uraemic poisoning,was held Sunday afternoon, with services conducted at the grave in theClintonville Cemetery by Rev. Newton Shropshire.He is survived besides his parents,who formerly resided at Bedford Station, in this county, by the followingbrothers and sisters: Miss ChloraRoss, Mr. Jack Ross, of this county;Mrs. Greene Moore, of Covington;Mrs. Mark Baber, of Winchester;Sanford and Dillard Ross, of thiscounty, and Turner and DouglasRoss, of Bloomington, 111.fe aWRELIGIOUS,'-"X--Tjrs"The Elkhorn Baptist Association,which held its annual sessions in theBaptist church in this city last week,will meet next year at Hillsboro, inFleming county. The selection of themeeting place was decided on at theproceedings of the last day of theParis meeting, following the electionof ameers to serve for the ensuingyear.rfc i .- H '" -ABIRTHS.In Paris, Friday, to the wife ofMr. Keith Phillips, of Atlanta, Ga., ason, first child. The mother was formerly Miss Margaret Douglass, ofParis.At the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, to the wife of Mr.Robbin Horton, a son. The motherwas formerly Miss Mary Hayden.The young heir has been christenedPeyton Adair Horton.PS IS 15JB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsm i mTOBACCO PATCH ON FIRE PRESENTS UNIQUE SIGHT.The Dover News tells of an unusalsight, a patch of growing tobacco onfire: "The unusual spectacle of apatch of growing tobacco on fire waswitnessed a few days ago on the farmof August Dietz, just west of Dover.A passing train threw fire into thetobacco field of Mr. Dietz and Herman Thomas, which caught in thedry ground leaves of the plantsdeadened and dried by the excessivedrought prevailing. The fire spreadfrom plant to plant and soon wouldhave reached a large tobacco barnhad it not been discovered a,nd extinguished in time. The patch isperfectly Tree from grass and weedsand the tobacco alone furnished fuelfor the spread of the fire, which hadburned over considerable area beforeit was discovered."Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.LIGHTNING STRIKES BARN.Lightning struck a barn on theplace of the Beall Bros., on the Mt.Sterling pike, three miles from Winchester, during the electrical stormrecently, causing a fire which entailed a loss of between $1,000 and$1,500. The barn contained 1,000bales of straw, a large quantity ofhay and numerous farming implements. Some of the implements wererescued.The loss estimated above is exclusive of the insurance carried on thebarn.m iaFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)K2 isa usSEE FELD'S SCHOOL SHOES BESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf),EDITORS TO MEET TO PLAN LIBERTY LOAN DRIVE.Sales directors and Kentucky editors wiH hold a meeting: in Louis-ville, September 16 and 17 in preparation ior ine 'ourtn .Liberty Loancampaign, according to an announcement from the Liberty Loan headquarters of the Eighth Federal Reserve District in St. Louis. Announcement was also made that competitionbetween men and women sales organizations would be discontinued inthe future, as this is not forthe best interest of the campaign.When a man has youth and healthand nothing to worry him, he can'tstand prosperity. He usually goesandfgets married. -STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Calvert Meng purchased ofWestern parties a pair of mares for$50.00.Mr. Rankin King, of Pans, soldtp Mr. Clarence Kerr, of Lexington,a Shetland pony for $75.A. P. Adair, of Bourbon, recentlysold a Duroc-Jersey spring boar toJohn Roseberry, of near Paris, for$50.Mr. Charles Thompson, of Lexington, bought of Bert McClintock, ofMillersburg, twelve head of agedmules for $1,350.Mr. W. A. Thomason, of nearNorth Middletown, sold to Mr. L. L.Bridgeforth, of Montgomery county,a bunch of feeding cattle at $12.85.The price was considered a good one.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney makesthe following report of the JohnEldridge sale, on the Frank M.Clay farm; near Paris yesterday:One horse, $151; one cow, $126;stockhogs, $36 each; chickens, 90cents apiece; turkeys, $3.00 each;farming implements and householdgoods sold well.A. P. Adair & Son, Paris, Ky.freport the following recent sales ofDurocs: To J. C. Leer, 'Jr., Millersburg, Ky., a Duroc gilt by Taxpayer'sModel, $50; to J.-M. O'Daniel, EastOhattanoosra. Tenn. 'boar. $50; J. L.IBrough, Helena, Ky., boar for $40;j JDavid Gaines, Paris, Ky., gilt, $50.The North Middletown exnibitors, McCray Brothers, have had an-,other successful season with theirshow horses. At the Mt. Sterling,Harrodsburg, Lawrenceburg andShelbyville fairs they have been especially successful with their stable,which is smaller this year than forseveral seasons. At Harrodsburg theyperformed the somewhat unusualstunt of winning the sweepstakes forsaddle, harness and roadster classes,while at Shelbyville the sweepstakeclasses for saddle horses and roadsters was theirs. Their stable thisyear is composed of the five-gaitedsaddle horses Nicolette and HighlandChoice and the roadsters EdwardGrey and Martha Wilson.3 S3 2PUBLIC SALE OF DESIRABLECIY RESIDENCE.We will sell at public auction today at 2:30 o'clock the desirable twostory residence located at 731 Henderson street. The lot is 100x100and the house is roomy and modernin every respect. Terms One-thirdcash, balance in one and two years.JANUARY & CONN ELL.F3 IS 3 'COAL HEATERS. , J "Let us fix .you up with one of thosegood coal heaters we now have onour floors. They are hard to get andare hard to beat after you get them.They save coal and give plenty ofheat. Let us show you.( 6-tf ) A. F. WHEELER & CO.3 isa TaGILBERT ISSUES WARRANTS TOPAY SCHOOL TEACHERSOne-half of the seventh salary installment due the city and ruralschool teachers last March was paidFriday by V. O. Gilbert, Superintendent of Public Instruction. Warrantsamounting to $274,177.18 were mailed to the school superintendents fordistribution. Of the amount $227,168.91 goes to the county schoolteachers and $47,008.27 to the cityteachers. When the installment wasdue last March there was no moneyin the school fund to pay the teachers. Under an act of the last Legislature where there is not sufficientmoney in the school fund to pay theschool teachers the State Auditormay issue interest-bearing warrantsfor this purpose.A SPLENDID INVESTMENT: 9 DIVIDENDS AVERAGED .7Make a good investment by buyingstock in the People's Building andLoan Association, just starting a newseries. We have paid nine dividendsto the stockholders averaging 7& percent. Can you beat it? Ofiice atPeople's Deposit Bank and TrustCompany. (6sep-tf)te fe teMR. FARMERYour Tobacco is too valuableto risk either in Fire 'or WindStorm. Insure against eitheror both withYERKES & PEED,At Farmers & Traders Bank,Both Phones 45.(30aug-6t)STANLEY AND BECKHAM SHAKE"ACROSS THE CHASM"Governor A. O. Stanley and Senator J. C. W. Beckham clasped handsafter the meeting of the State Central and Executive Committee, inLouisville, Friday, when it was announced that Governor Stanleywould appoint George W. Martin, ofCatlettsburg, to complete the Senatorial term made vacant by the deathof the late Senator Ollie M. James.Senator Beckham declared hisearnest support to the party nominee for Senator, and said that therenever was a time when it was so necessary to have a man who stood on aplatform of loyalty and who wouldback the President's policies.NOTICE, TAX PAYERS.Your time is growing "veryshort. Come to our office inthe Court House and bring usyour property lists, It will saveyou the penalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioners for "BourbonCounty.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(aug23-if)'REALS EST ATE DEALSW: C. Bell, of Paris, sold last weekto L. G. Moreland, of near Millersburg, a farm of 62 acres, for $300per acre.Auctioneer M. P. Kenney sold Saturday for Master Commissioner O. T.Hinton the Mrs. Fannie Carpenterproperty 4n Millersburg, to Mr. PrankCaldwell, fo $3,660.Jas! J. and W. S. Haggard, ofParis, have leased the 532-acre farmof Mr. WE. Hibler, of Lexington,which was advertised in THE NEWS.They-will get possession next March!Jos. Botkins purchased at publicauction last week the H, D. Campbellfarm on the Jacksonville pike, for$220 per acre. The sale was madethrough Harris & Speakes. The samefirm, sold privately for Chas. H. Joneshis farm of 100 acres on the samepike to J. T. Juett, of Carlisle, for$22,500.Bourbon county is well represented this week at the State Fair inLouisville, in the show rings forhogs. The following are exhibitors:J .C. Bryan, pure bred Berkshires;G. R. Young, pure bred PolandChinas, and Walter Meng, pure bredDurocs. Sixteen fancy show cattlebelonging to Mr. James Caldwell anda like number, property of Henry S.Caywood, of North Middletown, areare also entered in the show rings.Mr. Caywood's cattle will be shippedto Chicago after the Louisville show,to be entered in the InternationalLive Stock Show.fe mCITY RESIDENCE TO BE SOLD ATAUCTION TO-DAY.Attend the sale this afternoon at2:30 o'clock of the Henderson gtreetresidence belonging to January &Connell. This is a modern home inevery respect; the lot is 100x100.Good neighborhood and well located.House is in first-class repair. A nicehome or a good investment property.JANUARY & CONNELL.BOSTON 3. CHICAGO 2.The fourth game of the world'sbaseball series resulted yesterday inanother victory for Boston, the scorebeing Boston 3 runs, 4 hits and 0errors; Chicago, 2 runs, 7 hits and 1error. This makes 3 games for Boston and 1 for Chicago.For RentNice flat, on south side, over C.P. Cook's grocery; all jmodern conveniences.(10-2t) JNO. T. HINTON.WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.EverythingForBoysTHE BOYS SHOPANNOUNCES NEW FALL CLOTHESThe Boys' Department that's one of the important things about our store.Buying boys' clothes from us is the surest way to satisfaction. We're featuringAmerican Boy's Clothes, and they are made to give the rugged lads good service.P. M.i"Rf JisSW!i&g ciiiuWr. foto iiliir5iIfXaiBvcr'fficrican by(JiotiKs the best service in town.R. P. WALSH7th and Main One-Price Store Paris, Ky,Our Delivery At 4:00 O'clockFRANK & CO.LADIES' OUTFITTERSWe Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESS E SMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'COATSFRANK & CO.V;jH i jL1'4 Everything up to top-notch in thepatterns. rcic snuwing memodels in suits, including caps, hats andputtees.Mothers, Bring Your BoysHere for Clothes SatisfactionYou'll find excellent values here, including!NJmEverythingForBoysstylesnewmicanBoy"otbc?-i3j',--"V "ifivii lf.fTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1918THE BOURBON NEWS, TAWS, KT.O-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thorcufhly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)is 19ft teSTETSON PALL HATS.Twenty-two fall styles here in 22new colors $5, $6 and $10,J, W. DAVIS & CO.SCHOOL CHILDREN MtfST BEVAUUJUNATJbiUSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Dr. Silas Evans, County HealthOfficer, has issued a warning -to parents of school children, admonishingthem that all children must be vaccinnated before attending school.The law is compulsory and admits ofno excuses.WWlWi rB0UBB0N GOES "OVER TOP."Bourbon county will go over thetop in an increased wheat acreage fornext year, according to returns tabulated Saturday by the committee incharge of the work of the NationalCouncil of Defense.. Farmers reporting last year 3,999 acres of wheatland, have signed up this year for atotal of 5,463 acres.E5 3 1 ve -TVTEITDING ABSENTEES MAYREGISTER EARLY.Arrangements have been madewhereby persons expecting to beaway from home September 12, theday set apart for registering underthe Selective Service Draft, imay register with local boards prior to thatdate. Cards of persons registeringbeforehand will be held by the localboards until September 12. Personswho are not in their home towns mayregister with other local boards andmail their cards to the local board of.their respective districts.3 m QPALL HATS.New fall millinery arriving daily.Exclusive patterns. Something newfor every type and style of young andeld. Come in and see the advancedstyles that are moderately pricedsomething to suit all pocket-books.(6-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.1 P3 E5PUBLIC SALE OE DESIRABLECITY RESIDENCEWe will sell at public auction today at 2:30 o'clock the desirabletwo-story residnce located at 731Henderson street. The lot is 100x100and the house is roomy and modernin every respect. Terms One-thirdcash, balance in one and two years.JANUARY & CONNELL.P3 E3 E2COMING ATTRACTIONS AT THEALAMO AND GRAND.To-day, Tuesday, Sept. 10 BessieBarriscale in "Within The Cup;"seventh episode of "A Fight For Millions," featuring William Duncanand Edith Johnson.To-morrow, Wednesday, Sept. 11The noted Japanese actor, SessueHayawaka, in "The City of DimFaces;" also a Luke Comedy andPathe News feature.Thursday,. Sept. 12 ConstanceTalmadge in "The Shuttle;" Muttand Jeff Comedy, '-Joining TheTanks," and Pathe News feature.CITY RESIDENCE TO BE SOLD ATAUCTION TO-DAYMr. John. Wilson left Sunday forYoungstown, Ohio, where he may reside permanently.--Miss Carroll Leer left yesterdayfor Bloomileld, in Shelby county tovisit relatives and friends.Mj Chas. Shea, arrived Sundayfrom Cincinnati for a two-weeks'visit to relatives in this city-Miss Beula Skillman has returned from Houston, Mo., to resume herS S at the Paris HighSchool.fT Jhn Corrington is at homefrom the Confedem tr n-nm t,wee Valley for a visit to relatives. "fnrTit 'and Mfs' Silas Bedford andfamily have returned from a vacation spe-nt in and around VpriH tttt Mr; nd. Mrs Charl3 Myers, ofiJ . uul"on' naye moved to Hamilton, Ohio, to make their futurehome.Miss Nancy Payne, of Panye'sDepot, and Mr. H. A. Hamilton, ofLouisville, are guests of Mrs. NannieElgin.Mr Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee Cash Store, returned yesterdayfrom a two-weeks' sojourn at CrabOrchard Springs.Miss Frances Hancock left yesterday for Kansas City, Mo., wherephe will attend the Scarritt BibleTraining Courses.Miss Emma Lou Scott has returned from a visit to Mrs. Jas. Porter, in Louisville, and Mrs. Chas. Barnett, at Taylorsville.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Smelser anddaughters, Misses Gertrude and Virginia, left Sunday for a t.wn-wppw':!.-" . "Mft, cvmiA t.n .ingdon, Va.Mrs. Georsre J. Minarv and Skw Tw , w.j., iwno nave been guests of Mr. andMrs. John J. Redmon, near NorthMiddletown. returned Snndnv tntheir home in Louisville.Misses Rebecca Purnell andMargaret Hill returned Saturdayfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. John K.Smith and Mr. and Mrs. MalcolmMcGlasson, in Dayton, Ky.Mrs. Charles C. Leer and Mrs.Russell Mann will represent RichardHawes Chapter Daughters of Confederacy, at the State Convention, whichmeets in Springfield, Ky., on Sent.18-19.Mr. James McDonald left yesterday for the Confederate Hopie atPewee Valley, after a two-months'visit with friends and relatives inParis. Mr. McDonald will spend thewinter with relatives in Kansas City,Mo.Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Hamiltonleft Sunday for a visit to relatives inYorktown, Ind. Dr. Hamilton, whorecently received an honorable discharge from the army service, willresume practice upon his return toParis.Dr. Martha Petree attended abusiness meeting of the KentuckyOsteopathic Sociey, at Frankfort, yesterday? Dr. Petree is president ofthe State organization. At thismeeting conditions brought about bythe war were subjects of discussion.The meeting of Jemima Johnson Chapter D. A. R. scheduled forlast Saturday, was postponed until tomorrow. The members will meet inthe Red Cross roojms at the courthouse at nijie o'clock a, m.; for theirsewing duties, and the business 'session will be held in the afternoon.Apnong those rrom Paris who attended the Conference of the Methodist church at Cynthiana. "were JamesMcClure, H. A. Power, Mr. and Mrs.S. T. Chipley, Mrs. A. T. Forsyth,Mrs. Fred Parks, Mrs. Rebecca Rudicill, Mrs. H. A. Power, Rev. Geo. R.Comb?, Rev. B. F. Orr, Miss OliviaOrr, Miss Frances Hancock and Mr.Dennis V. Snapp.(Other Personals on Page 3)Ea m ISMAYOR AND LIGHT COMMITTEETO HOLD CONFERENCE.SCHEDULE ARRANGED FOR THEFOUR-MINUTE SPEAKERS.Announcement of the heeds of menfor the service, and the provisions ofthe new registration order requiringall men between the ages of eighteenand forty-five to register on September 12, were made Saturday afternoon and evening at the performances of the Sparks' Circus.In response to a request made byMr. John J. Williams, of Paris,Chainman of the Bourbon CountyFour-Minute Men, similar announcements were made from the pulpits ofthe Paris churches Sunday morningand evening. All through the weekfour-minute addresses were made atthe Alamo Theatre and the ParisGrand Opera House by differentspeakers, who briefly told the provisions of the order, and admonishingall men within the provisions of theorder to be sure to register at thevoting booths in their respective precincts on Thursday", September 12. .At the Grand Opera House Fridayevening Hon. Claude M. Thomasimade an address along the abovelines, and also paid a fitting tributeto Bourbon county's hero, BishopBatterton, who died in a hospital inFrance on July 20. In the afternoonJudge Denis Dundon spoke at .theAlamo Theatre on the same subject.At the Alamo yesterday afternoon,Rev. R. C. Goldsmith, pastor of theParis Baptist church, delivered afour-minute talk, and at the ParisGrand last night Rev. J. J. Rice,pastor of the Paris Presbyterianchurch, spoke to the big audience.The schedule for the remainder ofthe week is as follows: At the Alamo, to-day, 3:30 p. m., J. W. Jones;at the Alamo Theatre to-morrow afternoon at 3:30 p. m., Rev. John J.Rice; at the Paris Grand to-morrownight, at 8:15 o'clock, Judge DenisDundon.afclsSEE PELD'S NEW DISPLAY OFLADIES' AND MISSES' FALLSHOES.Notice our window display ofLadies', Misses' and Children's FallShoes.(3sept-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.NEW WAR STYLES IN FALL ANDWINTER HATS.The most complete stock of advanced styles in fall millinery evershown in Paris. The new militaryeffects in beautiful material for theyoung and middle-aged women.(6-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.IS IS ESCALLED MEETING OF REPUBLICAN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEEA call has been issued by Chairman N. A. Moore for a meeting ofthe Republican Executive Committeefor 3:30 o'clock Saturday afternoonat the court house. All the membersare urged to attend.I5I19NO BETTER INVESTMENT PEOPLE'S B. & L. ASSOCIATION .The man or woman with a goodsalary every month should be lookingfor a safe investment for his or hermonthly savings. No better placethan a few shares in the People'sBuilding and Loan Association; nowopening a new series. Office atPeoples' Deposit Bank and TrustCompany. (Gsep-tf)W&M&ffito. WAttend the sale this afternoon at2:30 o'clock of the Henderson streetresidence belonging to January &Connell. This is a modern home inevery respect; the lot is 100x100.Good neighbrohood and well located.House is in first-class repair. A nicehomeo r a good investment property.JANUARY & CONNELL.CONSCIENCE THE LIMIT IN SUNDAY JOYRIDING.The conscience of each citizen musthe his best guide in determiningwhether it is proper to ride to churchon. Sunday in a motor car. The fueladministration gives this answer toState and local administrators whohad asked for an interpretation ofthe request that the use of automobiles be discontinued on Sundayseast of the Mississippi in order tosave gasoline for war purposes.Where churches can be reachedreasonably in another way, automobiles should not be used, the adjministration said.Ea isa ?sIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE!THE NEWS has again demonstrated the fact that "it pays to adveris." In last Friday's issue we askedfor copieo or THE NEWS of September 3, owing to the fact that ouredition of that date had been exhausted. The responses to the request were numerous, coming fromall parts of the city, counttf andState. "It pays to advertise"Residents of Third street andStoner avenue are indebted to CityForeman John Mallaney for promptwork in removing the forest of weedsand grass that had for some timealmost covered the approaches topavements. Mr. Mallaney saw theappeal for help in THE NEWS, andat once got busy with his force ofWorkmen. "It pays to advertise."Then again, "Nearly everybodysleads THE NEWS."Now, if Mr. Mallaney will get busy?nd have the weeds cut and the treefops removed, which were blowndown by the storm some two monthsago, at south end of Pleasant street,Biore thanks will be coming to him.Judge I. R. Kelso, corporationcounsel, and J. W. Porter, vice-president,respectively, the Missouri Utilities Co., of St. Louis, Mo., ownersand operators of the Paris Gas &Electric Company, will hold a conference in Paris to-day with Mayor E.B. January, Consulting EngineerWeiss and the members of the LightCommittee of the Paris City Councilin regard to the lighting proposition.The conference is called at the solicitation of the visitors.S E3GAS HEATERS.Now is the time to have your GasHeater installed let us fix you upbefore the rush comes. We have allsizes and kinds. We install them foryou at a nominal cost. The Wheelerkind save you gas.(6-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.fe fe 1E2INSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.JEHl ElHE HAD FORGOTTEN.ClosingOutENTIRE STOCK!fSpecial Reductions on the Following:Suits, CoatsDresses, Dry GoodsNotions, UnderwearHosiery, CorsetsEverything in the Stock is Marked to SELL, and selland SELL QUICKLY. The stock must be CLOSEDOUT ENTIRELY.HARRYSIM0MAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.(Everybody's Magazine.)He had been promoted to Captain's rank and decided to celebratethe occasion. He entered a swaggerWest End restaurant and "did himself" handsomely. The waiter fussed,around, smiling and obesquious andexpectant. He brought back thechange after paying the bill, andwas very wroth when the officerpocketed the lot. But there was stilltime, and bowing and smiling he assisted the khaki man into his coatand handed him his hat and cane.Nothing happened, so the waiter ventured meaningly:Haven't you forgotten something,sir?"The officer started. 'By Jove!" hesaid. "I have!"Heturned and picked a halfcrown from beneath his . plate andput it back in his pocket.Victor Records4For September18482. There's a Lump ofSugar Down in Dixie MarionHarris. Story Book Ball BillyMurray. 10-m. , list price 85c.18484. When We Meet in theSweet Bye and ByeSterlingTrio. A Rainbow from the U.S. A. Peerless Quartet. 10-in.,'list price 85c.18489. Oh, I Hate to Get Upin the Morning. Oh! FrenchyArthur Fields. 10-in., list price85c.18488. Goodbye, MotherMachree Harry Macdonoughand Shannon Four. One ForAll and All For One HelenClark. 10-in., list price 85c.18490. Old Dan Tucker. TheWhite Cockade Victor MilitaryBand. Price 85c.18491. Green Mountain Volunteers. Speed the Plow Victor Military Band. 10;in., listprice 85c.18477. Oh Lady! Lady! (Medley One-Step). Sinbad (MedleyFox Trot) . Waldorf - AstoriaDance Orchestra. Price 85c.18483. Blum' the Blues (FoxTrot). Sensation Rag (One-Step) . Original Dixieland JazzBand. 10-in., list price 85c.18486. When Alexander TakesHis Ragtime Band to FranceMarion Harris. I'm Gonna PinMy Medal on the Girl I Left BehindPeerless Quartet Price85c.I.,,, j,. ,.,, .,,., .. -imr.Tnr.11ur imr imr .iiur mr mr mr imi imr tiii inr' rii' 1111 nut ini m, . .-,, ,,i, ,r, ..i. -,,,, iar ir jir jtr nmr jiijiii jir.rv ,j3?-'"I V9ISJ!A4hVJ0EAvffA9JvJI9JiVilfIAr)IJA ')ls)r JIW.V ii )ltW 7VV 'Al filM Ml 'JfMJfiW y'VW'Wivl 'JiW 7AA JPJiRK&PA!f!lfA9JIf!!ffttyFAtlFAmKB1 AWAY FROM YOUR DOORfDaugherty Bros.Fifth and Main vVICTROLAS, PLAYER PIANOSOften yeu think the wolf is away from your doorwhen in reality he is actually in your kitchen !A McDougaiS Hitchen Cabinetwill guard you against his depredations and secureyour home the utmost in thrift and efficiency.The McDougaSl is not an ordinary kitchen cabinet, but a veritable method ofbetter kitchen management that extends to the pantry, ice box, stove, etc., evento the better utilization of foods.EASY PAYMENT PLANCome and see our special display of McDougall Kitchen Cabinets. One willbe sent to your home on approval if you wish. Remember, the McDougall maybe purchased on the easy payment plan. You will find the terms most convenient.McDougallTHE FIRST KITCHEN CABINETTHEJ.T.HINT0KC0.1 MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKINGi"EITHERPI-IONE" 36pMtwifflmSIXTH AND MAIN STS.AMmmmwFmmMmiiBE.-CJS'i.' t.ir'-IiItiKSS-8st?V P?UftlflXTHE BOUBBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER If, 11T1 ritfTIMcCombs Producing & Refing Comp'yFORMERLY McCOMBS OIL COMP&NY-An EstsriiUshed ProJcing, Riftoing and BivideRd Paying CompaiyThe management of the McCombs Oil Cempany,. influenced by the concadtdly large nd t.rcommon to the refining business, and justified by the success that has marked the progress ot tne wnpany In the producing branch of the business, has entered-the field of the refiner.H. A. MOHNEY,Vice PresidentABRAM RENICK, PresidentJ. C McCOMBS,Treasurer andGeneral ManagerB. A. GRUTCHER,Vice President and CounselF. W. DAVIS,SecretaryOil Operator72 PRODUCING WELLS, 17,000 ACRES of LEASESIn Estill, Lee, Wolfe, Morgan, Knott, Allen Counties, Kentucky.1,000 BARREL IflFlNE2KYTb company has just purchased from the Consolidated Oil Refining Oo. their plant No. 2, at East St.Louis, III. 'mstei:30 NEW ALL-STEEL TANK CARSHave been purchased under guarantee of delivery for on or before October 1, 1918DIVIDENDS 18 PER ANNUMMonthly dividends of V2 per cent payable on the 10th day of each month to stockholder of recordof the 30th day of the preceding month.THE SUBSTANCE OF THIS EXPANSION IN THE PROPERTIES AND FACILITIES OF THE COMPANY IS A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN TOTAL VALUE OF THE COMPANY'S HOLDINGS WITHRESULTING GREATER AND STABILIZED EARNING POWER. THIS WILL BE REFLECTED IN ANINCREASED MARKET PRICE OF STOCK. H&imiabi&After September 18, 1918Stock is Advanced to $2.00 Per SharePRESENT PRICE $1.50 PER SHARE.PAR VALUE $1.00 PER SHARE.93rC4kv 'JSiiJrtBMBSsBHSMBE-SPM $. J Jnr X8 JraS l X t SB v9 i KTSmUwSEVEN DRILLIK8 RIGS NOW OPERATING WITHIN PAST TWO WEEKS WELLS NOS. 70, 71 and 72have been brought in at a production in excess of 75 barrels per day each.Full Information on Request1909-12 INTER-SOUTHERN BUILDING.ABRAM RENICK, PresidentLOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY.ESHBAB NEWS FOR BERLIN.The war news from the Easternfront these days is bad news for theGeipian'people. Quotatio-ns from German newspapers portray the gloomthat overhangs the people in thesmall towns and country are equallydepressed is not to he -doubted.The Liberty Loan bond buyers ofthe preceding loans have their sharein the success of the entente allies.They furnished the sinews of war notonly to fight the U-boats and to buildships, not only to raise, equip, andsend our soldiers over, not only tosupply them and our allies with foodand munitions, hut more than ?6,000,000,000 of their money has beenloaned to our allies so that they mayprosecute the war with vigor andstrength.We here at home have an opportunity to send the Germans somemore bad news. The Gerpians havegreat respect for money; they knowits vital value in waging war. Theyknow, too, that the support theAmerican people give a Governmentloan measures largely the supportthey give their government, themoral as well as the financial supportthey give their armies in the field.A tremendous subscription to theFourth Liberty Loan will be as distressing to the German people as adefeat for them on the battle field,and it may mean as much. It spellstheir defeat; it breaks their morale;it means power to their enemies. Asubscription to the loari is a contrihution to German defeat and American victory.m Es laThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for yearsit was supposed to be incurable. Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions and therefore requiresconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine, manufactured by F.J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is aconstitutional remedy, is taken internally and acts through the blood anMucous Surfaces of the system. OneHundred Dollars reward is offeredfor any case that Hall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, 75c,Hall's Family Pills for constipa;tion.(sept-adv)Japan was second to the UnitedStates in the production of copperlast year, and was followed by Chileand Mexico. .; tNOT WANTED.(Manufacturers' Record)A subscriber to the Manufacturers'Record writes;"I believe that all Germans andAustrians who left this country toserve in the army and navy of ourenemy and have fought against usshould under no condition be allowedto return to this country after thewar."This goes without saying. Thebarriers against the admission intothis country of men who having lived in America left this country tofight against it should be put up sohigh that not a single one of themshould ever be able to land in America. Moreover, every alien enemy inthis country who is found to be active in any work against America, ormen who are now being interned forviolation of our laws because of theirco-operation with Germany and theirefforts to circumvent America's work,should be sent out of this country atthe first opportunity and never againbe permitted to enter for any purposewhatsoever."We want no men of that kind tocurse this land with their presenceagain.1 IS E3CHAMEBRLAIN'S COUGHREMEDY.This is not only one of the bestand most efficient medicines forcoughs, colds, croup and whoopingcough, hut is also pleasant to take,which is important when a medicinemust be given to young children.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen in use for many years and hasmet with much favor wherever itsgood qualities have become known.Many mothers have given it theirunqualified endorsement. Wm. Scruby, Chillicothe, Mo., writes: "I haveraised three children, have alwaysused Chamberlain's Cough Remedyand found it to be the best forcoughs, colds and croup. It is pleasant to take. Both adults and children like it. My wife and I have always felt safe from croup with it inthe house." Chamberlain's CoughRemedy contains no opium or othernarcotic.HKI!BtP,5", (sept-adv)m m inNEW RECORD EXPECTED FORNEXT LIBERTY LOAN.The Treasury feels so sure theFourth Liberty Loan will break allrecords for size and number of subscribers, it has ordered the Bureauof Engraving to prepare about 35,000,000 separate bonds, or 8500,000more than for the third loan, whenabout 26,500,000 bonds were sold.One-third of the fourth loan bondsalready have been engraved and theyare being turned out at the rate of500,000 a day., . "BISHOP BATTERTON( Continued from Page 1.)of Bishop Batterton and his braveallies whose love of country is supremely above the sordid things oflife."Bishop Batterton knew no fear.That noble virtue which we callcourage had the supreme place in hisheart. He had the courage to standat the post of duty and defend hishonor with his life. Having formeda conviction, truth and duty demanded that he stand by it. And whenthe supreme test came he was equalto the emergency and proved himselfa hero of the highest type. Rise up,spirit of Bishop Batterton, Knightof the Cross of Jesus Christ, forthou art worthy of a name amongstthe immortals. I am glad to say thatthat same spirit of right living,square dealing and fair play whichled hiim to give his life in the serviceof his country, is the same spirit thatled him earlier in his life to dedicate himself to the Lord. On the2nd day of November, 1914, it wasmy great pleasure to baptize himwith my own hands and receive himas a member of this church. And thelone star of gold which is seen in ourservice flag shows that he is the firstand only one so far to make the supreme sacrifice."Time will not permit me to prolong these remarks, and words cannot portray the value of this younglife or the extent of our great loss.If I COUld but sneak nnft wnrd nfcomfort to-day to these sorrowinghearts it would be a service preciousto my soul. And if I could bring themessage of this young life to the citizenship of Bourbon county I am sureit would be an inspiration to servicesuch as we have never felt before.He being dead, yet speaketh in thunder tones, as we remember the service he rendered and' the sacrifice hemade. We speak of the spirit of '76and of the heroism of the noble sixhundred. The same spirit animatedthe heart of Bishop Batterton andthe brave young men who stood sideby side with him on the battle front.And that is the spirit of the American boy, the unconquerable spirit.The spirit of the boys who stood onthe ill-fated Lusitania, just beforeshe made her fatal plung, with nothing but the blue canopy of Heavenabove them and a watery grave beneath, standing in the immediatepresence of death without a quiver,listening to the band playing 'NearerMy God to Thee,' away out in midocean, one thousand miles at sea,that spirit will never surrender tothe Prussian War God."The brave American boys on boardthe Tuscania, mercilessly torpedoed:. --juX -t" ynCSXV3iV,wMmASRafce FAUiasKraUfcisas:I -r -JT??-F- i-U T-;irU fT-.-. "H.-i.,.,ntana sun& m me jxibu doo, sumaingwith noihfngbut Hhe rsti.rry finna-ment above them "and 'the "billowy tsea beneath them, singing "America," think you that spirit can beconquered hy the chicanery andtrickery of the fiends of darkness that IIstop at no outrage? Will the spiritof the American "soldier ever die, hiscourage ever falter, his faith everfail? Will he ever permit the worldgrabbing Hun to place his swinishfoot on American soil or sink hisgreedy claws in the heart of American Liberty? Not while the spirt ofBishop Batterton lives, for he hasgiven his life to throttle this monster of all iniquity, he has made thesupreme sacrifice rather than live tosee one single foot of our belovedland defiled as a swilling place forthe world-hated Hun. And the miKlions of American soldiers that weare sending overseas will sacrificetheir lives to conquer the bands ofoutlaws that scourge the earth."Oh that our brave soldiers ofdemocracy may plant the white banners of peace around the circles ofthe earth that war shall be no more!Victory must perch upon their banners, for the blood of Bishop Batterton and our other heroic dead whohave fallen by his side, cries out toGod for vengeance against that vandal tribe that walks the earth, theenemy of God and man. No night ofdefeat shall fall upon the hosts of democracy and bury them in gioom forever. A fair shining day is alreadylighting up the sky, the choral voicesof heaven must sing hymn of victoryand democracy must win this oldearth complete as her loyal possession. For the blood of our heroicdead must not be spilled in vain."What an appeal is the life anddeath of Bishop Batterton to theyoung manhood of Bourbon countyto enlist in this war for humanity.Let our citizens uncover their headsand bow lowly as they carry thememory of our illustrious dead heroin their bosoms. And when the waris over and the victory is won letus bring back his body and carry itthrough these streets where he trudged in days agone and on to our cityof the dead, where we shall place amarble slab with this epitaph, 'HeDied For Me.' And I should like toplace upon his grave, not a wreath,but a scroll, 'I am the resurrectionand the life; he that believeth in me,though he were dead, yet shall helive.' What a glorious privilege todie for one's country! I know of nogreater honor that could come to anyyoung man than the privilege ofmaking the supreme gift, for greaterlove hath no man than this, that aman lay down his life for his friends.And I am sure that the happiest moment in the life of Bishop Battertonwas when his spirit went home toGod in sacrifice for his country's flagand "his country's honor. 'Oh deathwhere is thy sting, oh grave where isthy victory?' To have had such ason is honor enough for one home;to have reached such distinction isglory enough for one man."We commend this bereaved familyto the mercies of our loving Father.Oh bereaved souls be comforted, andmay the memory of this heroic lifebe to you both exultation and inspiration. And may you get on the sameroad that he has traveled that youmay come out at the same glory. Hewill be waiting for you.waiting at thefoot of the throne; waiting under thetree of life; waiting on the banksof the river, and one day he will cryout, 'mother is coming, father iscoming, sister is coming, brothers arecoming stand back, ye ransomedones, and let me welcome them home.'And the grief of this afternoon willbe swallowed up in the joy of theHeavenly reunion."Oh that the name of Bishop Batterton might be one of the watchwords to awake the county of Bourbon to more valiant service. Nochurch or home can mopolize hisname now. He belongs to Bourboncounty. He lived in it, and loved it,and died for it. And may the storyof his life and death thrill everysoul in it to heroic service."Until the reunion day we say farewell to his departed spirit. We canafford to wait such a grand reunion.He leaves us higher consulation thanany dying statement which he mighthave (made in the memory of hisblameless and well spent life. Someday a monument will be erected inBourbon's beautiful capital, perhapsa plain white shaft. And deep cut inits sides will be the name that is dearto you ahove the names of men, thename of this brave boy who died ashe lived, true to his country and trueto his God. And not for all the glories of this world would you exchangethe heritage he has left you in hissoldier's death. To that sacred' spotyou will send your children andgrandchildren to reverence him who.has enrolled your name with hisheroic sacrifice. And speaking fromthe shadow of that memory whichyou honor as you do nothing else onearth, let me say that the cause inwhich he suffered and for which hegave his life is worthy of the sacrificeof the noblest and the best. And because he belonged to this class he wasamong the first to answer his country's call."Should it ever be our good fortune to behold those elect heroes,Paul and Savouarala, and Luther,with all the poets and reformers andphilanthropists, perhaps not far fromHim whose 'name is above everyname,' a.nd shall see our valiant herowho gave his life for you and me, butwhoe name glows with the brightnessof the firmament and shines like thestars forever and ever."wa,jr.aia,,tji ft-y---TrrniteiarraiCTnrrsTrf,t-hgn.i mm,.,- ,.. ,HggggjM" .TO THEatti. j.FARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All FarmcrsofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulCLEVELANDTRACTORIf you are interested in better andmore economical farming, come inand Bee what thi little wonderiB doing forothers.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stc.IF YOU ARE THINKING. ABOUT APIPELESS FURNACELET US FIGURE WITH YOUSatisfaction guaranteed. We are agents for theLAUREL FURNACE. None better made.We are also exclusive agents for theViking Cream SeparatorsCall and let us show them to you.LOWRY& MAYESISHIP YOUR CREAMDIRECT TO THESugar Creek CreameryLEXINGTONMinimum Shipping RateQuick ReturnsTop Market PricesAug 20-8t"3-,$- ,, VTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1918THE BOUKBON NEWS, PABIS, K EHTUCKT.mP' vmwn page osrmrSBwmrnmnmPERUNATHE BEST MEDICINEFOR COUGHS AND COLDS-LWm'gJg.l'.l'-U.U'" JL "JLUJH JMiss Ivy Gray, Fairview,Kentucky, writes:"I have taken Peruna, andwould say that it is the bestmedicine for coughs and colds Iever saw. I find that It alwayscures a cold in a short while. Italso strengthens and builds upthe system."Sold EverynrkereI EverSawMiss Gray's letter breatheshope to the ailing. It is an inspiration to the sick and infirm.Liqald or Tablet FormPALESTINE AS. A JEWISH HOME.NEW YORK, Sept. 6. On the eveof the Jewish New Year, which begins at sundown Friday, Sept. 6, amessage from President Wilson expressing his "deep and sincere interest" in the progress of the development of Palestine as the Jewish homeland was made public here Wednesday by Rabbi Stephen S. Wise, former President of the ProvisionalZionist Committee. The Presidentwrote to Rabbi Wise." I have watched with deep and Isincere interest the reconstructionwork -which the Weizmann Commission has down in iPalestine at the instance of the British Government andI welcome an opportunity to expressthe satisfaction I have felt in the progress of the Zionist movement in theUnited States and in the allied countries since the declaration by Mr.Balfour on behalf of the British Government, of Great Britian's approvalof the establishment in Palestine ofa national home for the Jewishpeople, and his promise that theBritish Government would use itsbest endeavors to facilitate theachievement of that object, with theunderstanding that nothing would bedone to i prejudice the civil and religious rights of non-Jewish people inPalestine or the rights and politicalstatus enjoyed by the Jews in othercountries."I think that all Americans will bedeeply moved by the report that evenin this- time of stress the WeizmannCommission has been able to lay thefoundation of the Hebrew Universityat Jersualem, with the promise thatbears of spiritual rebirth."Dr. Chaim Weizmann, President ofthe English Zionist Federation and anoted scientist in British Governmentservice, was selected by that government as head of the Zionist Commission to Palestine to make a surveyof the Holy .Land. This appointmentwas made after Great Britian hadissued its Palestine declaration. Thecommission includes Zionist representatives from France, Italy andRussia and has received the fullestsupport of the Zionist organizationof America under the leadership ofJustice Louis E. Brandeis of theUnited States Supreme Court andJudge Julian W. Mack, of Chicago,President of -the Zionist" organizationof America. The corner-stone of theHebrew University in Jerusalem waslaid on July 24 by Dr. Weizmann andhis associates.BAN ON PUBLICATIONS NOT ESSENTIAL TO NATIONSWELFARE.It is announced by the War Industries Board that the presentscarcity of paper calls for a retrenchment in the publishing of books ofkinds deemed not essential to the welfare of the nation.Properly administered this shouldprove a wise and beneficient warmeasure. There are certain brandsof literature that can well be spared,and their removal from the bookcounters will undoubtedly serve tostimulate the sale of books that arereally worth reading. To print acatalogue of those that can be dispensed with would make a serious inroad on the country's scant supply ofpaper. It would include ponderousessays by scatter-brained theoristson the rights of property, the laborand capital problem, the redistribution of swollen fortunes, the sin ofpossessing more than forty dollarsand others themes that are masteredonly through practical experience.Among the unnecessary brands of fiction would be listed novels of "naturalism," in which everything disgusting or not worth talking aboutis set down with painstaking care;society novels dealing with mythslike the "monkey dinner," and designed "relentlessly to expose theshams and foibles" that do not exist; mushy; tales of "cheery optimism" in which black is painted whitefor the edification, of the weak-minded,and stories that contain "fearlessarraignments" of sojmebody or otherand 'prove conclusively that some ofus are rich, while others are poor.Above all, it is the duty of thosecharged, .with, the task of eliminatingunprofitable literature to keep constant watch and ward lest some messof yoked maunderings disguised as"quaint, humorous philosophy" eludetheir vigilance.te J5i TsaDOCTORS-PRESCRIBE..ACID IRONMINERAL-DIABEHOEA IN CHILDREN.For diarrhoea in children one yearold or older you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy, followed by a doseof castor oil. It should be keptathand and given as soon as the firstunnatural looseness of the bowels appears. (sept-adv)TINGLE SAM SUPPLIES FILMS.One motion picure film is now being supplied every two weeks by theUnited States Department of Agriculture for release in the UniversalScreen Magazine. These films showin an interesting and educational(manner some of the activities of thedepartment and of the importantlessons which the department is trying to teach. Films that have alreadybeen released show work of the pigclubs, road building, forest-lire prevention, poultry management, cattleand sheep grazing on the nationalforests, types of horses, co-operativeberry growing in the Pacific Northwest, the Government's method oftree planting on the national forests,how the department regulates logging on the national forests, and the"work of the forest ranger.Eminent Physicians Now EndorseThis Greatest of All RemediesBecause of Its RemarkableProperties.Practically the entire medical profession is now of one voice in declaring that men and women of the present day lack enough iron in their sysetms to keep up with the pace thatthese modern tijmes demand. Thepublic is turning to Acid Iron Mineral as the one remedy to supply thisdeficiency because it contains just theright proportions, and does not harmthe teeth.For run-down systems, blood diseases, catarrh, indigestion, catarrhof the stomach, rheumatism, femaletroubles, running sores, piles, andother life-sapjping sicknesses there isno remedy that is its equal no remedy that will give the same satisfactory results. Rev. A. C. Pinakney,of Carbonton, N. C, was a suffererfrom, severe stqmach troubles previous to trying Acid Iron Mineral, butis now in splendid health, and isglad to have us use his name in thehope that the other sufferers will behelped as he has been helped to perfect health.Sold in 50c and $1-00 bottles, guaranteed free from alcohol, and guaranteed to give satisfaction or yourmoney refunded. You take no chances when you buy tnis lamous mineral remedy. If your dealer cannotsupply you, send to Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.For sale by Brooks & Snapp.(adv)W0X&PSP& COMPENSATIONBOARB HAKE A6003)SHOWING.INVESTIGATEARROWHEAD OIL COMPANYVie e PresidentCfi M. Brown, Jr.Frankfort, Ky.PresidentJohn W. RichardsonLexington, Ky.Glenn U. BrooksSec.-Treas.DirectorEdwin R. MorrowSomerset, Ky.Only a limited amount off Stock will be sold at par $1-00per share. For full particulars write, wire or telephone.FRANCIS & COMPANYTelephone 716 Eirst and City, BankBIdg. Telephone3825 Lexington, Ky. 3825In a report on the Workmen's Compensation Board filed with GovernorStanley, State Inspector and Examiner Nat B. Sewell says that the compensation law has fully justified itspassage, that the board has performed good services, and that its business management is worthy of commendation.The report covers a period beginning April 1, 1916, when the boardfirst began operations under the actof 19,16 creating it, and extending toJuly 1, 1918.The receipts of the office since itscreation amount to $46,052.88 andthe expenditures $26,025.28, leavinga balance of $20,027.88 on hand. Thereceipts accrue from 4 "per cent. tax.on employers carrying their own insurance, 4 per cent tax on insurancepremiums and an annual appropriation of $7,500.Sixteen persons are on the payroll of the Workmen's CompensationBoard. Of the number nine, including the members of the Board, areemployed regularly. The remainingseven are employed at the pleasure ofthe Board.During the existence of the Board26,318 accidents have been reportedto the Compensation Board. Of thisnumber, 6,067 were compensationcases and 5,780 of these have beensettled. Only 128 cases have beencontested, and of this number, onlyseven have been appealed to the localcourts. Of the seven appealed, theCompensation Board has been affirmed by the courts in two cases and theother five have not been passed upon.HOUSEWIVES RELEASED FROMWHEATLESS PLEDGE.Housewives throughout the country who patriotically put their homeson a wheatless basis last spring havebeen released from their pledges tothe Food Administration to go absolutely without wheat. This releasewas merely from the voluntary pledgeto go entirely without wheat untilthe new harvest. Housewives willcontinue to 'purchase the requiredamount of wheat substitute withtheir wheat flour.Coming in of the new wheat crophas made it possible for the Nationto go back partially to its old habitsof eating. But the uncertainties ofwar and the necessity for buildingup a food reserve are incentives tocaution, even in the face of a goodcrop.As the available supply of wheatdiminishes or increases so does theU.S. Food Adpnin.istration accordinglychange its rulings as to the use ofwheat flour.So as to cover every possible ruling that might be made by the FoodAdministration, a little booklet ofSelected Receipts for War Times hasbeen especially prepared for the patriotic housewives of America.Every recipe has been carefully selected, prepared and tested in a modern experimental bakery and laboratory by a housewife, domestic science expert and food analysis. Therecipes range from those calling forwheat to those calling for no wheatflour. No matter what kind of a warrecipe you are looking for you canfind it in "Selected Recipes for WarTimes." This splendid little bookletcan be had had for the asking.Simply write Calumet Baking Powder Company, 4100 Fillmore Street,Chicago, 111., and it will be sent youpostpaid. Save the needed wheat flouruse your substitute flours and helpwin the war.TOBACCO AT THE KENTUCKYSTATE FAIR.LIFT OFF CORNS!Drop Freezone on a touchycorn, then lift that cornoff with fingers.........(. ,.)Doesn't hurt a bit! Drop a, littleFreezone on an. aching corn, instantlythat corn stops hurting, then you liftit right out. Yes, magic! No humbug!A tiny bottle of Freezone ooate but afew cents at "any drug store, but is sufficient to remove every hard corn, eoftcorn, or corn between the toes, and thecalluses, without soreness or irritation.Freezone is the sensational discoveryof a Cincinnati genius. It is wonderful.WHAT YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONMEANS.When you subscribe to a LibertyLoan you subscribe to the sentimentthat the world must be made safe fordemocracy and subscribe to the fundthat is to make the world safe fordemocracy.You subscribe to the ' belief thatinnocent women and children on unarmed ships shall not be sent to thebottom of the sea; that women andchildren and old men shall not berevished and tortured and murderedunder the plea of military necessity;that nurses shall not be shot fordeeds of mercy, nor hospital ships besunk without warning, nor hopsitalsand unfortified cities be bombed orcannonaded with long-range guns.You subscribe to the doctrine, thatsmall nations have the same rightsas great and powerful ones; thatmight is r not right, and that Germany shall not force upon the worldthe dominion of her (military masters., You-subscribe, when .you subscribeto atLibertyLoan,"to the belief, thatAmerica entered this war for a justan,d, noble cause; that, our soldiers, .inFrance and, our sailors on the seaare fighting, for right and Justice.And, you subscribe to the American sentiment that they must andshall be powerful, efficient, and victorious..;Italy has been gradually increasingits production of lignite until lastyear more than 1,500,000 tons weremined.Professional Cards.i' I y S( jrfJLl I . JVTY I $i TC5J93tfiSB4Blu HB -HEa cb ijWM; GRAN NANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402HRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye Ear, NoseandjThroatROOMS 403-404FIRST- NArL'BAK BUILDINGPHONE 136The tobacco show at the KentuckyState Fair has become a feature ofthis great institution. Each year thetobacco exhibit has grown better,and this year's exhibit promises tobe better than ever before. Therewill be classes for all types of tobacco, both dark and Burley, and ifyou have not made your arrangements to exhibit, do so now. .It is expected that the growingcrop will be early enough to get upa fine lot of 1918 samples. Thereshould be an exhibit from every tobacco growing county in the State,at this, the first tobacco show of theseason. The manufacturers and exporters look forward to the tobaccoexhibit at the State Fair to give thema line on .the quality of the crop.No better advertisement can be hadthan the winning of some of the premiums at the Kentucky State Fair.The exhibit of old tobacco which hasalways been good, promises this yearto be better than ever.CAMAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS?XI1tGCOrW. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentEOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299t . rtr Fifth ami MMsaM Strttts, Paris, Ki'-'im'r'f''"'ATLANTA NEWSPAPERS TO INCREASE THEIR RATESBoth Atlanta, Ga., afternoonnewspapers, the Journal and theGeorgian, announce that, effectiveSeptember 1, the street sale pricewill be increased from 3 to 5 centsfor the daily editions and from 5 to 7cents for the Sunday editions. Yearlysubscriptions will be advanced about$1.75. The Constitution, the onlymorning paper, remains at 5 centsdaily, editions, but Sunday editionswill be increased to 7 cents, with anadvance in subscription rates corresponding to the new rates of the afternoon papers.Cast iron shells, once thought obsolete; are being manufactured inFrance at the'rate of 1,000,000 aday.,BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Ptjeme 37GWhat is a BranchHouse?The Branch House is the place inthe packing organization where whatthe packing plant does for you is putwhere you can use itBoth are the natural result ofgrowth and development in the livingthing, they, belong, to.Sw?fk& ComgaayBranch Housesare Jcca.ted.inidtributipg centers alloyeir, the country. They are fittedout with refrigerating equipment tokeep meat cool, sweet and fresh.Bach one is in personal charge of aman who believes in what Swift &Company is doing for people andwants to help do itThey are directed by men whohave spent years learning how to getbetter meat cheaper to the placeswhere it is needed.Meat is shipped to the branchhouses direct from the packing plantsin Swift & Company's refrigeratorcars, in such quantities that it caq bedisposed of while fresh and sweetYour meat dealer comes here tobuy your meat for you unless someone else can treat him better thenwe can.So you need the branch house inorder to. live well; and the branchhouse and the packing plant needeach other,in order to be useful to you.Swift & Company, U. S. A.A MAN AND HIS WIFE4may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of' new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatj ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692HELP WIN THE WAR!Spend your vacation on the farm helping harvestthe American crop, then take the proceeds of ' this laborand purchaseWar Savings Stamps!Telephone your farmer friend. He will be glad tohear from youPARIS HOME TELEPHONE eTELEGRAPH CO.(IncorpQrated.)j. j: VEATCH.District Xan&gerw. h. CAnroir.Local XuacernSend, That Next Job off Printing; to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right PricesNiUJg.!,ftrU"N.& yf-,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS," KY. " '"4:f4ttsiatHTA. 5. t, fc tTUESDAY, SeOT'EMBER.10, 11'"iJ CI 14 4 4 i 41 4 1 1 1 1 1 4 1 1 1 H M 1 1 U H H I:S32 THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTO-DAY, TUEWEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11 THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12: !"m.. fc.501 SEPT. 10ititliThe-?s' .3and SixthStreetsJ. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBAIMERSParis Ky.!"iDay phone 36NiKht - - 56or Home 286.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourdmousine Invalid Coach..Hearse used for funeral purposes only.-$-aBESSIE BARRISCALEIN"Within the Cup"'The story of . one that loved not wisely,but too well.WM. DUNCANin the 7th episode of"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS""The Gorge of Destruction'Sessue HayakawaINTheCity of Dim Faces'A story of a man and a 'girl who weregripped by a bond as firm as the wall ofChina, itself; but one was white and onewas yellow. What a wonderful drama itmakes.Constance TalmadgeIN"The Shuttle'?"The Shuttle" as a novel ran through250.000 copies; as a photoplay it will delight millions.Also a "Luke" Comedy andPa the News.Mutt and Jeff in "Joiningthe Tanks," anc PatheNewsPricesAt the Alamo Children5c; war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.A 1 1 1 f I i-M'4-H'4"'I"I"I''I-'I-'i-)-I"i"l"I"H-H"Ilf;SF" -w-9 SELL WAR SAVINGS STAMPS NOW8HLLERSBURG ,. jj& .- ! It may nave been a mere coinci--$&-4fc'. 'deuce, but the American Army inI'France began -its victorious advancejust about the time that the Ameri-, rs. Xiouise Wood improvesalfaw3te.' ' lrs. Afiella Miller remains about can Army of thrift at home began to5sfie.jsama. igive real proof that it was standing3&rs. Sarah Thorn remains very t behind tne boys over ue.iaK2CK. tue same.-air. R. C. Borner was in Cin-M on business Friday.Miss McGuire, principal of theziBded School, arrived Sunday from3sw3r3iDnie at Lexington.Sfiss Martha Smith will be oner3f Sstdikculty of the M. C, and will'sser on, her "duties Thursday.acillersburg was well representedWe knew all the time that ourboys could fight. Now the Germansknow it.We have known all the time thatthe American people at home, whenthey got right down to it, would goi to any length, make any sacrifice, tobrine about comnlete victorv. Now is-3&WE& Methodist Conference at Cyn-'f. .. .n . r n v, ,-j.imz& during the past week. the tune to let the Germans kow lt-srTrr W. A. Butler and family will ! Ifc wil1 be tw0 months before the'jmSktu to-day after a ten-days' so- next Liberty Loan. During that timeno direct appeal to the public forfunds is being made by the Government. Let's give the Government a realincome from War Savings Stampsfor the next two months. Let's buythe whole issue in that time, andclear the decks for the next loan.Government receipts in July weremore than $6,000,000 a day from thejSJWexl ,at Crab Orchard Springs.. rMiss Aleta Wilson will . leavelWjJ3day for the Mary Baldwingtamtary at Staunton, Virginia.Jt$. Emma T. Long, of George. -'Hmmi i i u is the guest of her sisters, Mrs.."SEXIUJiidy. and Miss Mary T. Tay--vlr. X. T. Vlmont left Sunday forr aBliome.atNewport, after a several2dgtfsvi&tvto his pnother, Mrs. MarmunZ. Vimont.TVUrs Dnrnfhv Pip1 Tins rpfiirnprlnaanrnHoc in fho tifi-r. rtaoT-tTnoTif sale of stamps. They should betUcesKT Tork City, after a two-weeksf.'&G5&STTL at home.3FOR RENT. My home on MainMiseL For further particulars calli3BB.sa5C address Mrs. Mattie Purnell,- r30aergburg, y. (6-2t)-Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Baldwin-rmtCEz guests of his mother, Mrs. Mar-Sfct Baldwin, of Maysville, from Sat-aacits" mtil Monday.Miss Mary Alice Courtney re"ahtntzed 3Ionday after a several days'.AdCltoJiter cousins, Miss Irene andi 'tnwiji'gr Jeffreys,, in Lexington.The Ebenezer Presbytery of the' "JftRafibyterian Church will conveneu -JM.LI. veanesaay -uiguc. auuui luii tyC " KSegrates will be in attendance.'.- dfcrs, F. E. Peterson and littlev dbcgb.tec, Joe Nell, returned Thurs-fceKAfter a. several-days' visit to herMr. and Mrs. Rice, of Wal-Grrove.Sr and Mrs. W..-G. Dailey left"!Btacsday for Cincinnati, where Mrs.fJMSay will -beunder medical treat-jMKAt ot several days. Dr. Dailey re-, m in il Sunday.tt The Millersburg Graded Schooliip fir rT Monday With a good enroll-nmmmtL SEha IL C: will open Thursday.i"3KEEL -present indications the outlook-3fe!5taitering-Tfo5r the M. C.Mrand Mrs. M. D. Hurst were"SftSiccinnati from Thursday untilr iHfc ill i, at the ' bedside of theiraKlwher-in-law, Mr. Chas. Rodes, of"PjMmliiL Inn l. who is seriously ill in95m Jewish Hospital.The property of the heirs of the"5 .alte'3?ielding F. Hurst was sold Sat-onaiiar afternoon at Master Commis-$v itokeas sale, to Mr. F. C. Caldwell,-sfeo. -with his wife, occupy the prop-mt&L -Price paid, $3,650. .j Mrs. Emma Berry and daughterciaiRd-"Friday to the roopis of MissJ"lKcK2tf' Louise Best recently vacatedTfcy Mrs. Anna Jefferson, from Moore-Miss Berry has secured a po-jL -with the Bourbon Home Tele-Company.Miss Mildred Bruce is one of theMma5Xy of the Graded School thisr. having taKen tne piace vacated"Miss Martha' Violet. Miss Nancyey succeeds Miss Nancy Clarkefaa tk& Primary Department, and Miss'JCtaxke has secured the position ofsgymauty Supervisor.--nie following is a partial list ofnHftasg .takingin the State Fair at Lou-awrillo this week: Messrs. J. M. Marr,f "3t"3C -Thompson, G. E; Reynolds, Mr.- -aaal Mrs. A. S. Miller, Mr. and Mrs."ML M." Johnson, R. S.-Letton, Mr. J.aflainum. "and-family, Miss Lavinai JbKj&sn. and others.FUBUC SALE. Harris &es will sell at Public Auction3Bae Nannie Louise '"Best on theises, Saturday, September 28th,'SG p. m., her 3 desirable piecesproperty located on Main Street,"Millersburg, Ky. This property isetrally located and a splendid in-ent. Will be sold separatelyaaMA'tken. as a whole, best hid -or bidsdoubled.All over the country pledges weresigned on July 28. Let's fulfill thosepledges now. Kentucky should takethe lead. County Chairmen shouldrealize that their work was not completed when the pledges were signed,but was only fairly begun.Utilize August and September infollowing up the pledges. Do it byschool districts. Let every signerknow his record of performance isheing watched.See that every pledge is fulfilled,and then see that it is doubled ifpossible.Kentucky must invest in War Savings Stamps at the rate of $9,000,000 a month for the remainder ofthe year.THE PATHOL SYSTEM OF ROADMAINTENANCE.Although the patrol system ofmaintenance has been in vogue tw allthe older countries for decades andbeen adopted by many States in ourown country, recommended by. allhighway engineers, advocated in allleading road magazines, favored bymost leading citizens, strongly endorsed by all State Highway Departments, less than half a dozen countiesin Kentucky have adopted it. Whatis the reason? -Whenever and wherever it has beentried, it has never been a failure,rtheresults accomplished being wonderful and the expense incurred beinga minimum.The system has long since passedthe experimental stage and shouldthere be any county officials whodoubt its practicability, they caneasily ascertain the facts by a littlecorrespondence.Let us seek information instead ofapproval of antiquated methods andthe verdict must be the patrol system for every jmain traveled road inKentucky.?3 Id )E3MULES WILL MAKE NEW CLASSAT FAIR.IBS Sl 'feA PICTURE OF THE DRAFT(Gordon Snow, in the Atlantic)A frail little chap he was, soyoung and boyish for all his one-and-twentyyears. There was thatabout him which spoke of knickerbockers and romping childhood laidaside but yesterday. I did not knowJoe. He had passed through the millof the draft as one of many; but wemet for a brief sixty seconds on finespring night at the station, just asthe train was taking him away; andwhile memory lives, I shall rememberJoe.He looked down at me from a carwindow, and as he said good-byethere was a twinkle in his eye as ifhe was amused that I did not knowhim."Say good-bye to Mary Jane forme," he called as the train movedout."Who are you?' I cried, springingalongside the moving car."Ha!" he laughed: 'I'm the grocer's boy. Every day I came to yourback door. Mary Jane knows me andso does the missus. Say good-bye toboth of them for me.' "The train clicked away into thenight. I turned back, swallowing alump. It so befalls that the light ofmy household is a little 2-year-oldand her n&mlfe is Mary Jane."" W 1 1 "TTJudging by Amsterdam newspapercqmment, the Allied victory certainlyhas "beat the Dutch'Some men1 imagine t .that strivingfor the best means trying- to get thebetter of some other fellow.A new feature at the sixteenth annual Kentucky State Fair to be heldin Louisville the week of September9-14, will be the mule stake whichcarries the unprecedented premiumof $1,000. No sum apporaching thjsamount has ever been offered in, alike stake in. Kentucky and muleowners throughout the Commonwealth are deeply interested in theevent. The premium money is divided into five sums, the first prize being 40 per cent, of the stake, the second 25" per cent., the third 15 percent, and the fourth and fifth each10 per cent. The nominations m tnisstake closed July 1, and the entrieswere named September 1. Every indicatipn points to a record-breakingstruggle for prizes in this ring andjtis claimed that sopne of the greatestmule flesh in the State will be onhand to compete for the above listedclass.feisiaYOUTHS BETWEEN 18 AND 21 TOBE MOBILIZED OCT. 1.Members of the Students' ArmyTraining Corps, consisting of youthsbetween the ages of 18 and 21, willbe mobilized October 1 at pore than300 colleges selected for that purposeby the War Department, accordingto details of the plan announced.The members -of the StudentsTraining Corps will be "soldiers onactive duty," a statement issued bythe War Department says. Upontheir induction into service their subsistence, quarters, clothing and tuition will be provided by the Government and the student-soldiers will receive the pay of privates in the army.High school graduates will be eligible to the collegiate training division of the corps and grammarschool graduates may enter the vocational section. As the studentsshow ability they will be transferredto new divisions and those showingspecial qualifications will be sent toofficers' training schools. Others willbe' assigned to noncompiissioned officers' schools.The War Department, in its statemen, advises youths now ready forcollege entrance or already enrolledin college to adhere to their irtansand obtain voluntary induction intothe corps.IS "BR Si"GREAT GOD," SAID THE WOODCOCK, THEN FLEW!7 j"Watermelons! Red! Ripe! Homegrown watermelons! Fifteen cents!"Residents of Brazil, Indiana, at firstdid not believe their ears. Theylooked out, saw a farmer with awagonload of melons, and then heardhim repeat the 15 cents. They"rushed" the wagon. The farmer soldhis load immediately, (many personsbuying seveal melons. Afterward' hesaid he had not read the prices ofmelons, and had not heard that theywere retailing as high as $1 apiece.He said he figured, however, afterhe had sold thenso cheeply that thetime he saved in disposing of his entire load, in about one-quarter of. anhour, was worth, something to him.However, he subscribed for, a 5VS"paper before leaving town.TOBACCO'S HELP TO HUMANITY(Cincinnati" Enquirer)Though the agitation for the Stateabolition of the tobacco habit is notso pronounced as it formerly was, itis well to remember that the weedhas something to its credit from apatriotic point of view.Many believe that the dropping ofpropaganda literature behind trenches and military lines is a modern invention. Nothing of the sort. Itwas practiced during the War of Independence and the tobacco habitwas concerned with ft. In a letterwritten by Benjamin Franklin toGen. Gates on August 28, 1776, theinformation was conveyed that Congress had decided to undermine theloyalty of the Hessian mercenaries inthe British arjmy. This it proposedto do by printing offers of land to allthose who would change their coats.Printing the temptation in theGerman language the artful authorities used the sheets as tobacco wrappers and deftly caused' the materialto be captured by the Hessian soldiers. These innocent victims of superior strategy read1 the alluringwrappers before their officers couldlearn the contents and issue a prohibition. The apologist for the useof the weed triumphantly vdraws attention to the fact that 12,562 of theHessians remained fir this countryat the close of the war. Tobacco, itwill be observed, "did" its bit" for thecause of liberty, and" should be defended now like the famous tree inthe poem.STUDIO OFA. R. JOHNSBourbon-Agricultural Bank BuildingPARIS, KY.The Only Studio in Central Kentucky"Exclusively For White People"Persons desiring copy work in Enlargements,Water Colors, Miniatures in Ivory, Porcelain,Etc:, to be delivered for ChristmasKindly Place YourOrders NOW!Owing-to; the difficulties in obtaining supplies, Imust? request my friends and the public at largeto come early if they want the work for Xmas.Remember yaur boy at the front"Over ThereJ7 He has givenyou his photograph send himyours.A. R. J OHFinestSelectionoft the Latest and Most, BeautifulMen's, Women's and Children'sFALL FOOTWEARLadies Boots in High, also Military Low Htelrin Beautiful Grey, Mahogany and BlackAt Most Economical Prices!ffiJ? ; IJust a Few of the Many SpecialsLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turn $5.50at -..'rLadies' Mahogany Tan English djy QCBoots .WLadies' Gun Metal English Boota djo aqLadies' Gun Metal, button jnQMen's Tan English Walk-Over fcj- (rand Beacon pO.UUMen's. Gun Metal Walk-Over, GO ACEnglish :.$0.4tfMens and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- a Aing Shoes $r.Uv$3.49Boys' Tan Ifome Guard ShoesatAbsolute Clearance of Summer Shoes and Oxfords !Hundreds of Pairs at Just a Fraction of Cost PriceBOYS' AND GIRLS9SCHOOL SHOESTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR, AT BARGAIN PRICESDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reign- - 1, J vvV