tAw 9ms r c.! J5 "" V"fr-- - . i-gi . -X.Z.mTHENEWSv -f - If. Wv - -'-r-.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.!3 'MTVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1918JBOURBONfi,mFLTJEffZA SITUATION WELL'IN HAND IN PARIS.With the full and earnest co-operationof all the merchants and citizensof the city the influenza situationhere is well in hand, and being welltaken care of by the local authorities and members of the City Boardof Health. Following the order ofthe State Board of Health, as outlined in a brief way in Tuesday's issue of The NEWS, all public gatherings were suspended, the moviehouses closed and every precautiontaken to safeguard the public againstany spread of the disease.The Mayor had the street cleaning department out flushing MainEtreet Wednesday night, and yesterday the sprinkling of all the streetsin the city was begun, to be kept updaily, in order to keep down as farab possible the dust clouds that maycontribute no little to the 'spread ofbronchial troubles. Barrels for thereception of dead leaves, were placedon all the residence streets throughout the city so as to prevent tneburning of leaves. Yesterday thepool roms were ordered closed by anofficial order of the Health Board.Club ,meetings and gatherings of asimilar nature have been suspended.Cards containing a warning to patrons riot to linger, or congregate inbusiness houses were printed andplaced in prominent places in thestores, soft drink and soda waterstands, restaurants and all otherplaces where the patronage is largeenough to draw people in considerable numbers. Warnings againstspitting on the floors, on the sidewalkand other public places, etc., were also issued and will be strictly enforced.Reduced to simple terms the CityBoard of Health, acting in conjunction -with all the sanitary agenciesand the authorities of Paris, havetaken every possible precaution toprevent the disease assuming seriouspropotions in the city. .There is no cause for alarm, according to the members of the Boardof Health. There is no disguisingthe fact that the disease is -here,though only a few cases havebeen reported, and those have beenisolated, and well taken care of.By observing the simple directionsset forth in another article in thisissue of the NEWS, and with a reasonable exercise of common sense, intreating immediately the first appearance of a cold, from which influenza may develop, our people maycome unscathed through the ordealthat is devastating the army campsana oje&remnx--wwrjiuMBt,pttlrwTt i xl. .:i!...niiin.tion.Yesterday morning the followingofficial order was issued by the Boardof Health to Chief of Police Link,and by him served on the proprietorsof the soda water and soft drinkstands:"You are hereby ordered to notify proprietors of all soda water andsoft drink stands to sterilize by boiling (not merely rinsing in hot water)each and every tumbler, cup, dish,spoons, etc, after each using. In themeantime, as soon as possible, theymust supply themselves with papertumblers, dishes, cups and spoons,vrhich shall be used exclusively atal times in the futures"They shall see to it that there beno loafing or congregating abouttheir places and urge patrons to thateffect by prominently displayed signsto that end."We trust everyone will co-operatewith us in carrying out the aboveorder, to the letter, as It may preclude the necessity of closing suchplaces, as has been done in manyotker cities, but if conditions do notmead, .this will necessarily followhere.BOARD OF HEALTH, Paris.Ky.Among the events scheduled forthis week and which have.een postponed as a precautionary measure isthe dedication- of the new Presbyterian church, which was to have beenheld next Sunday; meetings of churchsocieties and literary, art and socialclubs; prayer jmee tings, and variousothers where many people would congregate. These events will remainin statu quo until the official ban habeen lifted and Paris once more resumes its normal condition.- Theclosing of the movie houses,- poolrooms and other places., on Mainstreet has made a decided differencein the appearance of that thoroughfare. Absence of the bright lights,the crowds on the street make theold town look very dead after night.No doubt the patrons of the movies"will fully appreciate them all themore when the ban isllted and th.jms are reeled on agai.Owing to the Health "Board orderand the influenza scare, the lecture byHev. G. R. Combs, of the Pans Methodist Church, scheduled for to-night atthe Ruddles Mills Church, has beenindefinitely postponed. . .Mrs. H: Clay Howard, who is incharge of the Surgical Dressings roomof the Red Cross, was informed by amessage from headquarters Tuesdaythat the sewing rooms are not included, in the provisions- of theState Board of Health's order.The work which is an importantbranch of the war activity, will continue uninterupted, and the rooms"ftill be open. All sanitary precauions have .been taken ,to "make thexoni8 safe ' for the workers.-Buy Liberty jondsHEALTH BOARD TLACARDS.THE NEWS Job Hooms are pre-TWLTPd fnrniWfT merchants Wlththe placards "Iu't Stand Around""Glasses Sterilised". tc., issued bythe City BotiJi of Health.. Eat anddrink only .wbtie j lotow ifrat"things are. Military ai abciGRAVE PEARS EXPRESSED FOR.FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN.The following telegram fro,in Mr.J. Will Stoll, of Lexington, DistrictChairman for the Fourth LibertyLoan campaign in this section, wasreceived yesterday by Mr. BucknerWoodford, Bourbon County Chairman.It shows that the Government isdeeply concerned for the success ofthe Fourth Liberty Loan, and that thecountry is not measuring up to expectations. The telegram explains :Lexington, Oct.,10."Buokner Woodford, Chairm'n, Paris."In a lengthy telegram from theDirector of the War Loan Departmentat Washington grave fear is expressed that the Fourth Liberty Loanwill fail unless extra efforts are putforth to induce wealthy people to increase their subscriptions. Kentucky knows no such word as fail.Please redouble your efforts in thedirection of large subscriptions, soliciting every man and woman inyour county, known to be able tomake larger subscriptions, and keepaccurate account of those refusing,this for future use This is the oneloan in which banks using good business judgment can well afford to invest heavily. In case there is anydanger of your county not filling itsquota, suggest that you have a meeting of bankers and lay this messagebefore them. Please see that thismessage is placed before every bankin your county. The influenza scarehas hampered our canvass very much,here. Neccessary expenses of personal solicitors will be borne by ourCommittee. Keep detail account andsend to me. Your country is callingon you for a supreme effort. Our deadand wounded boys across the watersare appealing to us for support. Don'tlet it be said that Kentucky has notdone her share. Please get this inyour local papers.J. WILL STOLL, Chairman."- Buy Liberty Bonds -LABOR NEEDED TO SAVE CAMPKNOX FOR THE STATE. ,.State wide calls have gone out tosave Camp Henry Knox at Stithtonfor Kentucky. The authorities atWashington have" served notice onKentucky that if they cannot producethe necessary laborers to completethe work- at Stithton before coldweather sets in the permanent artillerv camn. representing: an investment of probably.$20,0a0,000, will bew:thdrawiu from, .the -State entirely, ., z. ri. v ii i i ihn iv -, isij-it--iiB.oNiinor"sTTflwrgrtfa - raLi mm1 twimiul, ul mesgjfy&y' " , . -- wadvices the State officials got busyZ. - m. "-and are sending out calls to all individuals and business organizations,pointing out the emergency andfrankly declaring that if Kentuckycarpenters and laborers do not volunteer for the work, a forcible draftmust be made effective at once onoion-essential industries.Work at Camp Knox has draggedfor lack of men and winter time isjiow approaching with thousands ofthe soldiers still in tents at CampTaylor and West Point. . The ultimatum is that barracks to hold not lessthan 30,000 men and stables for15,000 animals must be completed byDecember 1. It is the belief of theKentucky authoritiesrthat even moreis possible and that enough workmencan be secured to erect.buildings thatwill accommodate possibly 50,000men with stable accommodations for50,000 animals. This is the presentpatriotic determination. ,. ."Every man and" every business organization", said' Mr. Pratt Dale,Federal Director' of the U. S. Employment-Service,"must realize thatthis is an emergency that calls forlmintJiuuLt: ucliuik v uuutf me authority given us from Washington, ifthe men in sufficient numbers do notvolunteer their services we must draftthem from the non-essential industries. It is up to the employers oflaborers throughout Kentucky im-vmediately to displace men m xneir employment with women and recommendtheir employes to enter the service atCamp Knox." t -- Buy Liberty Bonds -FAMOUS STOCK FARM AT AUCTION TO-MORROW (SATURDAY)The public sale" of the famous Sister Mary Stock Farm, will occur onthe premises on the Bethlehem pike,on to-morrow (Saturday) motfnirig,October 12, at 10 o'clock. This'is jone of the most valuable farms in"Rrmrhnn nnnnt.v and tobacco CTOWersare offered an exceptional opportuni-1 'Uy to make money by aCquirfjng oneof the vaiuaoie tracts. Attena xaesale. Jt will be a .rare opportunityto purchase a .tract of valuable landthat will make money for the purchaser. - Buy-Liberty BondsPAMOUS STOCK EAIUM AT AUCTION T0-M0ER0W (SATUBDAY)The public sale of the famous Sister Mary Stock Farm, will occur onthe premises on the Bethlehem pike,on Saturday morning, .October 12 r at10 o'clock. This is one of thempstvaluable' farms in Bourbon countyand tobacco growers are offered anexceptional opportunity ta makejmoney by acquiring one of the valuable tracts. Attend the 'sale.-BufUBtRTYBOHDSNO MEETINGS j3F I 0. 0. P. ONACCOUNT OP 3NELUENZA. -., We are requested to state that therewill be do meetings of the I. O. O. P.Lodge until further notice ' on account of the prevalence of the. Intluenza epidemic. Due notice will begiven of' the next meeting.-nightINFLUENZA EPIDEMIC SPREAD-UMlx JSUT NO OCCASIONEOR ALARM.Whether or not the influenza epidemic, which has caused such seriousconcern throughout the country during the' past ten days, is of Germanorigin, the number of its victims hasrecently been increasing so rapidlythat drastic steps throughout the nation are called for.The latest reports from the Surgeon-General'sOffice unfortunatelyindicate that the disease is as yetunchecked in army camps, and theGovernment has considered it neces"sary to issue a warning to the effect,that all possible steps should be takento prevent conditions from becqmingeven worse throughout the country.It is said that reports have been received showing the presence of thedisease in every one of our States except five. The condition at our National Capital, with its overcrowdedoffices, hotels and dwellings, has become so serious that extraordinaryprecautions are being taken ordershave been issued for the immediateclosing of theatres, dance halls,moving picture houses, etc. TheWashington schools have alreadybeen closed, and the time of openingstores and public offices is also regulated in order to avoid dangerouscrowded conditions on street cars.The hospitals are already filled tocapacity and two buildings havebeen taken over by the Governmentto be used for the treatment of warworkers.- Unfortunately the conditionin Washington .seems to be a fairexample or tne situation in overcrowded districts -in many otherparts of the country, and there isneed for .complete co-operation on thepart of the public authorities andpeople generally wherever the disease appears.While the situation. In certainparts of he country is undeniablyacute on account of the large number of persons affected, fortunately;in almost every .instance the health',authorities are proving able to checkthe spread of the disease shortly after its appearance; moreover thepercentage of fatalities is comparatively small. People should bear inmind the fact, however, that thereis no reason for any great alarms orpanic about the matter, it is important for everyone to exercise unusual care as to health and all. shouldaid in every way to prevent thespread of the epidemic and to combatit wherever it appearsL The jnost important Pcautionsagitf3 A Fi WHEELER & CO.riio. ncuMoo itto fHtfT-nn no rnIn vta! W wwvoty4 rl Wl rllY MT C9 O T I XTfniavoid crowded conditions and overeating. Coughing, .sneezing or expectorating in the presence of othersis also dangerous, since the diseaseis highly infectious. , '....jr.-" Buy Liberty Bqnds"-FOR SALE.' Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHASi S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)-WEMOWH0W- IlYOUi SUIT!l-UK TALL .-.:IS READYif-'Clothes, like-.everything else, will. cost you more 'money than you have been paying in the past. Buy thebest clothesfyou can afford to-day. It . is the course oftrue economy and service to the nation. i - ,Stein-Bloch and Michael-SternsSuits and Overcoatsare tailored and made from pure all-wool cloth, and whenyou select a Suit or Overcoat from our store you econo- vmize as well as', protect yourself in buying good, dependable merchandise from a reliable store. , -: .We Are Showing a Beautiful Selection of Patterns and Colorsin'.. Men'.s and Young Men's . Clothes fancy greens,browns, greys, tans, fancy plaids, stripes' and .herringbone weaves,Make Your SelectionEarly.III.&MITCHELL-' Stetson Hats, Manhattan Shirts .Nettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoei;BUKNINGr LEAVES A MENACE TOHEALTH. ,1 ivy 7 IT 'Now approaches the season of theyear when the dainty housekeeper iii ivmoicuver waxea wiuiu over xa.-iture' presumption in littering theiryards with falling leaves from trees iand shrubbery. Yet it is part of Na-!ture s plan to restore to theAnrthwhat, shp hoc tnVpn fmm it hnt fha" - "uw .uu.w.u. ..u. r, uv.v vuwBut, as Luke McLuke says; "whatwe started out to say" was that neo-and in their yards are unconsciouslypie who burn leaves in tne streetsor wilfully violating an ordinanceexpressly made to cover such (matters.m&ainine ow ioif Qwi aiiPhysicians arid health authorities allover the country have decided thatone of the commonest causes of diphtheria and kindred throat and bronchial trouble is the smoke from burning leaves. -The City Board of Health has asked thatthis practice be discontinuedin tfiis 'city. It is a needless one.Leaves make excellent fertilizer, andcan be conserved in some way andthus contribute to the common good.Last season this plea was made' byCity Health Officer A. H. Keller, thelesult being a ready response on thepart of the people of ParisDeadleaves by the ton were hauled awayand stored in places from which theywere afterward; taken and spread onlawns after Nature's plan.This year let's follow the good planot last year. Dont burn the deadleaves." Don't be a' contributing factor to the spread of diphtheria or anyother disease. Don't fill your ownhouse or that of your neighbor withthe pungent, acrid smoke from burning leaves. It is a menace to publichealth, and as such recognized andprohibited ' by the enactment of ordinance. r ,Barrels and boxes were placed onthe streets yesterday by direction ofthe Street Committee of the CityCouncil and the Health Board, forthe reception of dead leaves. Citizensof Paris were .requested to dumptheir dead leaves in these receptacles, which were carried away anddumped. "Buy Liberty BondsCOAL HEATERS FUEL SAVERSSfOW'S THE TIME TO BUY.For the best coal heater, get theHot Blast, it saves fuel and givesmore heat. We have a limited supply. Better buy now.r- .cK Buy Liberty BondsAPPELATE COURT NEWS.In the Court of Appeals at Frank-(fort, Wednesday, in the case of theLouisville & JNasnvuie jttanroau ou.vs. Briggs, on appeal from the Bourbon Circuit Court, the appellant fileda reply brief with notice. This wasa damage suit filed against the L.& N. by Briggs for injuries sustained while working at the Third'Street freight station -in Paris.1XIIBLAKEMOREutHj' vi:W.super-neat housekeeper only sees in'u ox n!s xlaun i!llss1 ""ia mcit another occasion for needless wor-IVarth' and other Paris relatives Sunry and the use of oroom and rake. Igi has Returned to Camp at LeonXiKXMXewisIN THE SERVICE OP THEIR. pottoWv .muj, buuaiai,Lieut. Frank L. McCarthy, of the!U. S. Army, a son of the late BankerP. I. McCarthy. 'of Paris, who was thel, . - TUT T 1 - r 1.""S. -Le&Mrs. J. A. Lenox, of this city, hasfel JjeL s' SSSLS"1Atlanta Ga The letter stated2?" ifQia'Jfr it?: $Iw .2I"" he had arrived there safely, -andwas well pleased with the situationand with his quarters.In the list of Lexington and Fayette county men whose names appearin the drawing for the next draft arethose of former Bourbon Countymen: Walker Muir Nelson, AllieShindlebower, Robert C. Frakes, Preston H. White and Sherman Parker.Henry Tucker, a former Paris boy,grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs.Gideon Tucker., wrote to relativeslnere announcing his safe arrival over-ocas. iuuiig i uuh.ei is ui tiie u. o.Signal Corps. He was, before enlisting in the service, employed in thePostal telegraph office in Cincinnati."Well, safe and happy," was thecontents of a cablegram receivedTuesday by Mrs. C. M. Clay fromher son, John Harris Clay, now overseas. Mr. Clay embarked from anEastern port ten days ago for France.His brother, Lieut. Cassius M. Clay,is at home on a furlough.Mrs. J. F. Hill, of this city, received a letter from her son, SmithHill, in France, stating that he wasconfined to the Base Hospital, butthat he would soon be out again. Hillhas been- in France six 'months. Hetook part in the big drive that hasbeen going on against the Huns recently. . ,Among the reported cases of influenza sufferers at Camp. Meade,Md., is Private Elmer Cravens, ofnear Little Rock, this county. -Upon,receiving telegraphic informatioht ofyoung Craven's illness, )iis father,Mr. Lee R. Cravens, telegraphed hisdaughter. Miss Stella Cravens, thenvisiting in Danville, Va.," to go toher brother's- bedside; ,Dr. A. H. Keller, ' former CityHealth Officer, who recently volun-teered for medical duty at the Nitro,W. Va., munition plant writes of hisarrival there. and of. his. induction. into active service. 'The Spanish influenza has appeared there -in epidemicform, and all available physicians andnurses are being used to combat theplague.A message was received Wednesday by relatives stating that PrivateRobert Rice, of North Middletown,was ill with influenza at CampMeade, Md. His mother, Mrs. J. T.Rice, and brother, Mr. Luther Rice,accompanied by Dr. L. R. Henry, ofNorth' "Middletown, left Wednesday,for the camp.A cablegram to Mrs. Henry Judy,of near Paris, from her brother,Lieut. J. W. Waller, formerly of thiscity, 'Wednesday announced his safearrival overseas and that he was welland feeling fine. Before his introduction into the army, Lieut. Wallerwas in the employ of a big concernin Chattanooga, Tenn., in the capacityof Civil Engineer.1 T T,The name of Caleb Feeback, Millersburg,""' Ky., appeared in thecasualty list in the daily papers ofTuesday, ashaving been severelywounded in action overseas. A tele-igram to his mother at Millersburg,confirmed the report as authentic.Young Feeback was slightly, woundedin a previous engagement with theHuns.Mrs. Kate Clark, of Paris, receiveda. letter Tuesday from a hospitalnurse at Camp Lee, Ya., stating thatMajor Richard Clark, of the ArmyDental Corps, was under her care asan influenza sufferer at the Base Hospital. The letter stated that Maj.Clark had the disease in a mild form,and was already improving, and thatthere was no cause for alarm in hiscondition.An advance along the line of promotion has come to Robert Jones, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Wm. S. Jones, ofNorth Middletown. From Lieutenanthe has1 been promoted to the rank ofCaptain. Capt. Jones saw eightmonths service with the Allied armiesin France as a member of the American Expeditionary Force, but was recalled to Ajnerica to become an -instructor' at Camp Hancock, nearAugusta, Ga. ...-. , -CorporalSherman' R. Snapp, ofCamp ..Lewis, Washington State, arrived in Paris Monday for a fivedays' visit - with his mother, Mrs.Alyce Snapp, and his brothers, Dr.Elbridge L. Snapp and Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, and 'his siBters, Misses Gladys.-fEdna and Elizabeth Snapp.Corporal Snapp has been to Leaksjville, N.'C, where he" accompanied thebody of' John W. Hodges, aged tw.enrty-nve years, a 'wagoner in the Army,who wis! accidentally lolled at CampLewis, " on Sept. 25. -Corooral .Snairo. who was fori v.1 .; .r-' . . , . . t.several montns interview uierk in theMustering Office-at Camp Lewis, wasrecently ', promoted to the. position ofat .the .damp Headquarters at CampREMARKABLE DELIVERANCE OPJUDGE MAZES CLEAR MEAN- " .ING OP LOYALTYThe Outlook. w(The Rev. J. Fontana, pastor of 'theGerman Evangelical Church, New''Salem, North Dakota, was recenUytried at Bismarck, in that State. Mewas charged with having uttered -fromtime to time seditious languagefor the purpose of interfering withthe military activities of the Government. The presiding judge - wasCharles F. Ajmidon, of the UnitedStates District Court, District ofNorth Dakota. The jury returned averdict of guilty against Mr. Fontanaon August 15. United States Attorney Hildreth moved for sentence onAugust 19. In passing sentenceJudge Amidon said in part what follows. Editors The Outlook.)You received your final papers as -acitizen in 1898. By the oath whichyou then took you renounced andabjured all allegiance to Germanyand to the Emperor of Germany, andswore that you would bear true faithand allegiance to the United States.What did that mean? That youwould set about earnestly growing:an American soul and put away yourGerman soul. That is what youroath of allegiance meant. Have youdone that? I do not think you have.You have cherished everything German, prayed German, read German,sung German. Every thought ofyour mind -and every emotion ofyour heart through all these years,has been German. If you were setdown in Prussia to-dav. vou wouldbe in harmony with your environment. It would fit you nust as aflower fits the leaf and stem of theplant on which it grows. You haveinfluenced others who have been under your ministry to do the samething. You said you would cease tocherish your German soul. Thatmeant that you would begin thestudy of American life and history,that you would onen vour mind andheart to all of its influences, that you.would try to understand its idealsand purposes and love them, that you.(Continued on Page 7) ?J. i 'Buy Liberty BondsCITY BOARD OF HEALTH ISSUES 'INFLUENZA WARNINGiA Precaution: To prevent thepresence -and spread, of epidemic in--fluenzatheXlty Board of HSadti:i& -geststhat people who suffer from ,".pain 'in-the. head, eye, -'back" and ia .other '-parts of the body, accompanied'; rby general lassitude or weaknesschilly sensation, a sudden rise of "temperature, with some dischargefrom nostrils, eyes red and a slightcough, should not go into crowded 'places, e. g., picture shows, churches,cars, etc.When sneezing or coughing do notneglect to protect the other person by - 'using handkerchief at mouth ornostrils.Plenty of fresh air, good food,regular hours and habits will go far: 'towards the protection of the community against the probable dangeraof the above disease.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer. 4-Buy Liberty Bonds -MAETIN DOYLE FARM AT AUCTION SATURDAY, OCT. 12.The tine stock farm so long ownedby Mr. Martin Doyle, and known asthe Sister Mary Stock Farm, nearParis, will be sold at auction to-morrow(Saturday), October 12, at '10o'clock. This land certainly is whatthe tobacco growers are looking forand is going to be sold in threetracts. This is an exceptional opportunity to buy first class land that willpnake plenty of money. Attend thersale to-morrow.Buy Liberty Bonds " iTEMPERANCE TO BE OBSERVEDIN STATE SCH00IS.Friday, October 25, has been setapart by V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendent of Public Instruction asofficial Temperance Day in the publicschools of Kentucky. His departmenthas prepared and forwarded to theteachers a suggestive program, containing a number of temperance nug-ges for the children to memorize.The schoolhouses are ordered decorated with the flags of the allied nations, the poems and reciations contained in the program will be givento the children to learn, so that avery attractive entertainment will begiven m each public schoolhouse inthe State. If by chance tthe schoolare closed at that time on account othe epidemic of influenza, then an-,other day will be fixed by Gilbert andthe- program carried out then. Thisofficial temperance day is set apart bya statute passed by the recent legislature. REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Arthur Webb, of Cynthiana, 'purchased this week of Mr. GrantDenton, of 'Paris, a farm of seventyfive acres, located on the RuddlesMills pike,, near Paris, lor $125 peracre. The sale was made through the ,real estate agency of Eals & Harney,oi-Uynthiana.--'Buy Liberty BowdF--"MANYINY.1L-C. A. SERVICE'1 The American Y. M, C Avhas vmore, than thirty-five hundred woraVera. more than five-hundred of "tkfiaWins womwkwho-'are serfing'Aiftrf,,;s .tf"can and, Fraach soldiers iaVmrIy tw - .x.lv-'rthousand centers throughout TriUMfcrVM' Allif if.- rXI'?.,MfiKTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY,. OCTOBER 11, .lSir."THT BOURBON NEWSEstablished 188136 Years of Continuous PublicationFablished Every Tuesday and EridayPer Year. .$2.00 6 Months. .?1.00Payable In Adavance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Jffetered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter, of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theIkaracter, standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corvtdbed if brought to attention of thedfctor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 60 cents per inchpaoh, subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per linejMCh issue; reading notices in blackgype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candljtates, obituaries and resolutions, andpimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisefcieuU and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedte decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe -cash.This paper has enlistedthe government mineof fVmerica for the?rio& of the-wareEDITORIAL MUSINGS.7 Apple Pies.The great Virginia apple crop iscoming, to narket, and Washingtonwar workers are making raids uponthe tipple pie counters. A good manyof the girls from "the old home town"remember the days when the neighbors used to send in an apple pie andthought no more of it than do theieroic little stenogs who uow dividetheir chewing gum with their chums.3Tor chewing gum in Washington isas common as chiggers in Mississippi,suid as respectable as grape juice inLincoln, Nebraska, even though it issix cents a package on many showcases. At the restaurants where theystill have a bill-of-fare apple pieshave attained the commercial dig3iity of being listed at ten cents percut, while in the more magnificentestablishments, where "menus" tellthe order of the day, the prices arefrom fifteen to thirty cents; thusraising the price of the baker'sproduct from sixty cents in cheapplaces to one dollar and eighty centsfor one pie of six standardized cuts inthe swell hotels.Now, good juicy apple pies aresupposedly made principally of apples, and it is a pretty mess when thecontents spread, between the crustsfenade of a few cents worth of realAmerican white flour, treated to avarnish of real American lard, is puton the counter for human patriotsto eat at the present high rate ofpurchase. Apple pies have advancedseveral hundred per cent, since thosejdays when you could get a gloriousgolden-brown piece of pie for a nickelatt swell restaurant. However, pieshare permanently abandoned thefivecent zone a price left for onlya few things that one can purchaserThe sugar for apple pies used to sellat twenty pounds for a dollar; but,even' though sugar is now so scarcethat everybody is economizing on it,it refuses to recognize the ancientnickel a pound schedule. Americanwhite flour, American lard, and'American spices, have shot upwardsin! the commercial scale, and haveadded their own particular evidenceto the claims of the man at thebaJfcery, and the pnan at the pie counter against unlimited, supplies of pieat "popular prices."American Dollars in Spain., American dollars are at a heavydiscount in Spain and a number ofother foreign countries. Spanishbanks have refused to extend creditto. Importers of the United States.Stain's .attitude in putting the UnitedStates on a basis where it even looksaloof upon American securities is notatr all flattering; but this is only onephase of some of the large and complicated questions in internationalccoAnge. Americans have a notiontaat they must have Spanish oliveoil and things of that kind whichcan just as well be produced in California and other parts of the UnitedStates. While the thrift habit is beiB cultivated in so many differentdirections the public ought not toect he -opportunity of holding4owjt on the consumption of imported goods. This is one way to helpawfport.the credit of the UnitedWttAm; aacL the policy will f uraiah aaffective answer to such eoun-tries as Spain that' are showing so(much disdain for our Americanmoney.The Eight Hour Day.One of the surprisingly radicalchanges in corporation policy is therecognition of the eight hour day bythe United States Steel Corporation.The company, in former years hasbeen considered a "stand-patter" upon the labor question, and its newmove in conceeding its employees aneight hour instead of a ten hour dayis to be regarded as a conversion ofthe corporation soul to the rights oflabor and humanity. The StandardOil Company of New Jersey also ahard nut to crack, is likewise operating on the eight hour plan.Radical methods of Governmentlabor conditions, operating principally through the War Labor Board,have been instrumental in concertingsome of the Gray's and Rockefeller'sthat they need to "watch their step"to keep in pace with new industrialconditions.The Airplane DisappointmentThe American people have beenputting up their money at a ratethat has surprised even themselves.There is no limit to what they willdo to support the Government in wartime. But, now that it has beenpointed out that from seven to eight(months have been lost in airplaneproduction, it is not surprising thatthere is a good deal of bitter disapproval. It is suggested that in meremoney we lost half a billion dollarson airplane miscalculation, and oneof the leading newspapers of the1country comments that "we have notso many half billions to blow in aswe thought we had a year ago."Soldiers Learning English.It has been discovered that thereare thousands of (men in our NationalArmy who cannot speak or readEnglish. For that reason the Library War Service of the AmericanLibrary Association has establishedclasses in English in nearly all ofthe big training camps. There is aheavy demand for books, and even"First - Readers" are on the list ofbooks asked for, and, of course, supplied. The Value of Liberty Bonds.The first Liberty Bonds are now ata premium of more than two percent, notwithstanding the fact thatthey bear but three and a half percent, interest. The Third Libertybonds bear four and a half per cent,interest and sell at a discount ofnearly five per cent. The reason isall found to be in exemptions fromincome tax the first bonds being exempt from all income tax, while thethird are exempt only from the normal tax, but subject to the surtax.NO TIME TOR NOVICESAt all his appointments, Dr. Bruner asserts with mock confidencethat he is going to be elected UnitedStates Senator. This is for the purpose of impressing those who like tobe on the winning side, of the importance of climbing onto the bandwagon, but he does not fool sensiblepeople with such balderdash. Thefact is he stands no more chance ofelection than the hateful Huns haveof winning the war. The people ofKentucky will never do so foolish athing as to send a green, and judgingby some of his speeches, a not toowell posted man to the Senate, whenthey have the opportunity to electone with twelve years' experience inCongress and is thoroughly conversant with the best methods of rendering support to the President, withwhose aijms and plans for winning thewar is in entire sympathy, especiallywhen the President urges that theGovernor be sent to take up the greatwork of the lamented James. Thereis not the shadow of a doubt as to thecourse that Governor Stanley willpursue. Dr. Bruner may think, as heasserts, that he will give the President his loyal support, but if hisparty finds that it can score a political advantage by doing otherwise hewill follow orders like sheep followthe bell wether. Therefore the peoplewill take no chance, but show to thegreat man at Washington that theyare heartily with him by electingGovernor Stanley, in every way fitted and experienced to give the President the most effective aid in hisplans for the complete overthrow ofthe German brutes.FOR COLD AND GRIPPE, FOLLOWDOCTORS' ADVICE.Ask your physician or druggist andhe will tell you that the first step inthe treatment of a cold, cough, influenza or grippe should be invariablybe "a brisk calomel purgative, preferably the nausealess calomel, called Calotabs." This alone is often sufficent to break up a severe cold overjnight, or cut short an attack ofgrippe and possibly prevent pneumonia. One Calotab on the tongue at bedtime with a swallow of water that'sall. No salts, no nausea nor theslightest interference with your eating, pleasures or work. Next morning your cold has vanished and yourentire system is purified and refreshed. Calotabs are sold -only in original sealed packages; price thirty-fivecents. Recommende'd and guaranteed by druggists everywhere. Pricerefunded if you are not delighted.(adv)Whin tha Sou! It Hurt.The most terrific thing in ftih worldis sin. A man is never hurt until bissoul is hurt, and the only thing tttcan hurt his aoul is sin, PlumerlBuy MORE Bonds2hmHWHk?28S1197BMIN fancy Isee themwindingup the whiteroads ofFrance, ourboys. The fairJrouth of ourand, flung into this hell-.both because ofthe damnable'vanitv of one man with six unbounded sons.' What has the Kaiser givenbut words?I see the checker-board fieldsof France, unhappy France, andour own marching up the road.I can hear voices floating backto me. Familiar phrases .& ''You son-of-a-gunl" i'' "Old Scout!" ""You betchai"? "Treat 'em xoughP .IHEAR songs. I hearYankee Doodle. sungH as itwas never sung before. ISECRETARY LANSING REPLIES.TO GERMAN CHANCELLOR."Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge on behalf of the Presidentyour note of October 6 inclosing thecommunication from the German government to the President, and 1 aminstructed by the President to request you to pnake the following communication to the Imperial GermanChancellor:"Before making reply to the request of the Imperial German Government and in order that that reply should be as candid and straightforward as the momentous interestsinvolved require, the President of theUnited States deems it necessary toassure himself of the exact "meaningof the note of the Imperial Chancellor. "Does the Imperial Chancellormean that the Imperial German Governments accepts the terms laid downby the President in his address tothe Congress of the United States onthe 8th day of January last and insubsequent addresses, and that its object in entering into discussion wouldbe only to agree upon the practicaldetails of their application?"The President feels bound to saywith regard to the suggestion of anarmistice that he would not feel atliberty to propose a cessation of armsto the governments 'with which thegovernment of the United States isassociated against the Central Powers as long as the armies of thosepowers are upon their soil. The goodfaith of any discussion would manifestly depend upon the consent of theCentral Powers immediately to withdraw their forces everywhere frominvaded territory."The President also feels that heis justified in asking whether theImperial Chancellor is speakingmerely for the constituted authoritiesof the empire who have so far conducted the war? He deems thesequestions vital from every point ofview."Accept, sir, the renewed assurance of my high consideration."ROBERT LANSING."Buy MORE BondsNever Quite Satisfied.It doesn't make any difference whata woman gets, there is always something a little more expensive shewishes she could have had.WOMAN WORKS15 HOURS A DAYMarvelous Story of Woman'sChange from Weaknessto Strength by TakingDruggist's Advice.Peru, Ind." I suffered from a displacement with backache and draggingdown pains sobadly that at timesI could not be onmy feet and it didnot seem as thoughI could stand it Itried differentmedicines withoutany oenent andseveral doctorstold me nothingbut an operationwould do, me anygood. My druggist told me ofLydia E. Pink-vSm '' Compound. ItookV V that I am now welll x N l and strong. I getop in the morning at four o'clock, do myhousework, then go to afactory and workall day, come home and get supper andfeel good. I don't know how many ofmy mends I have told what Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound hasdone for me. "-Mrs. Anna Iutebiano,36 Wert 10th St, Peru, Ind."Women who Buffer from any inch ailments should not fail to try this famousroot and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkbarn's Vegetable Compound.9 rt"dvXllllSa&SlSBsl A Mhear the Battle Hymn of &tlft(Republic?" and I--Kayle4goo-..jpimples. "Oh, boy, whefee d6 irago irom nere v l laugo wrtn'atight feeling' in my'thoat? 4Lean, lithe, tanned,-swingingboys. The whites of their 'eyes"are clear, their skins glow. Lordthe fresh life of them IOn, on, through aisles of planetrees. Sometimes a boy turns;:his head westward. Wnat'a hVthinking of as he nearstheHelion earth! Folks back home.He. isn't thinking in terms of !Liberty Bonds. He's just sort of Iwondering if we're going to' jstick behind him. ;BEFORE God, we are, boytjAnd the only way we can istick is to buy bonds.' IYou are giving your life IWhat the devil do we care about jour dollars? Youll get yourcoffee and slum if. we have to 'pawn the shirts off our backs.That's the way we feel today.Never you doubt it.Six billion dollars!Will we give itHWait andseel -STATE FEDERATION OF WOMAN'SCLUBS MEET IN LOUISVILLE.In all war work the women havebeen playing extermely importantparts and reports from the semi-annualboard meeting of the State Federation of Women's Clubs, held at theHenry Waterson Hotel in Louisville,Wednesday, shows the recent resultsof their efforts. Mrs. J. C. Helburn,of Eminence, reported that the fundfor the purchase of an ambulance,which was contributed to the WarDepartment by the women of theState, had been oversubscribed byover a thousand dollars. Mrs. Helburn added:"I'm still getting money, althoughI wrote to one or two organizationsthat the fund had been subscribed,and suggested that further contributions be diverted to other war enterprises." The overflow subscription, by voteof the meeting, was invested in Liberty Bonds. As the federation hadpreviously subscribed $300, they nowhold $1,300 worth of bonds.Miss Alice Lloyd, of Maysville,chairman of the committee appointedlast June at the meeting of the fedreation in Lexington, to secure the$10,000 pledged by the club womenof the State for the Kentucky Training School for Delinquent Girls, alsoreports an oversubscription of about$1,000.The federation, upon a request forthe women's committee, Council ofNational Defense of Kentucky, havetaken as their special work .for thewinter, the "treasure and" trinketfund for the Aviation Corps" of thearmy.Altogehter the women's clubs allover the State have been doing awonderful activities.Ki Ea eaSIXTY-EOtJR MISSING IN PERTHAMBOY CASTROPHE.PERTH AMBOY, N. J., October 8.Sixty-four men are missing and325 of the 700 buildings of the T.A. Gillespie Loading Company plantat Morgan, N. J., were destroyed inthe fire and explosions that sweptthe big shell factory on Friday andSaturday, according to an officialstatement made by Thomas A.Gillespie, President of the corporation, here Monday afternoon.Gillespie declared that the laborcamn, consisting: of 40 buildings, ispractically intact and that the power'house, docks, traffic system throughthe works and the storage warehousesand magazines had not been damaged,to any great extent. The statementwas issuea alter tne neaa. ox wie company, with United States army authorities, had made a complete surveyof the plant.The initial explosion probably occurred in a shell loading room andwas possibly caused by an "inadvertent act on the part of one of theoperators," says the statement. Thetheory that it occurred in the amatolkettles or the TNT service magazineis scouted.Mr. Gillespie announced that reconstruction of the huge plant hadalready been started.The first explosion, according to'.the statement, occurred about 7:40o'clock Friday night in the No. 1 unitof the six-inch shell plant, where 76men were at work. Twelve of these,including two Government inspectors,are accounted for. The balance aremissing.SINCERE GRATITUDEMrs. William Bell, Logansport,Ind., writes: "I deem it my duty toexpress my gratitude for the goodChamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy did me when I had a severeattack of diarrhoea three years ago.It was the only medicine that relieved me."(adv-oct)"fc PR PRSoldiers, Read to Learn.The American soldier isn't satisfied to return home knowing no morethan when he became a part of ourgreat national army. For that reason the Library War Service of theAmerican Library Association hasfound it necessary to purchase nearly600,000 books on mechanical, tech-Iliueu Orii-Ui oucuuuv; ouujcvui wj meetthe demand for informative reading Imatter. rIHAD CATARRH ANDKIDNEY TROUBLERead What Acid Iron Mineral DidFor Miss Victoria Varney, ofShock, Ky."I suffered with catarrh of thehead and kidney trouble, and hadcontinual headaches, Backaches andweariness, but after using Acid IronMineral, I am now entirely well. Infact, I don't know how I could livewithout Acid Iron Mineral. Mybackache is all gone, I have no moreheadaches, and feel better than Ihave for fifteen years. I cheerfullyrecommend A-I-M because I wantothers to feel as I'do, and enjoy thesame health." Acid Iron Mineral isnature's remedy for run-down peoplesuffering with catarrh of the stomach and head, indigestion, femaletroubles, rheumatism, running sores,and many other diseases that nowseem incurable. An an external orinternal rqmedy for all kinds of sickness, it has no equal, as thousands oftestimonials in our offices prove.Acid Iron Mineral is not a patentmedicine, nor has it any alcohol orother harmful drugs, and it is guaranteed to give you satisfaction oryour money will be refunded by thestore that sold it to you.rThe price is. amazingly small compared with the results that it produces in alleviating suffering. Forsale by Brooks & Snapp. The Ferrodine Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.(adv)te te tePrays for Red Hair. ,At a religious meeting in Pennsylvania a youth asked the prayers of thepastor and people in order that hemight become redheaded. It seemsthat his hair was of a yellowish-whiteshade that was no color at all. He hadheard the red heads were good scrappers, and he was praying the Lord togive him red hair so that he might goforth to fight the kaiser. There'ssomething in this, too, and there's anidea abroad that a regiment of auburnhaired Amazons could put a crimp inthe Prussian quicker than a whole division of mere chocolate-haired men.For love or war give us the locks offlame. Los Angeles Times.fei Hi ISBAD COLD? HEADACHYAND NOSE STUEFED"Pape's Cold Compound" Ends Coldsand Grippe in a FewHours.Take "Pape's Cold Compound" everytwo hours until you have taken .threedoses, then all grippe misery goes andyour cold will be broken. It promptlyopens your clogged-up nostrils andthe air passages of the head; stopsnasty discharge or nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, feverishness, sore throat, sneezing, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed ur! Ease yourthrobbing head nothing else in theworld gives such prompt relief as"Pape's Cold Compound," which costsonly a few cents at any drug store.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, and causes no inconvenience.Accept no substitute. (adv)n te teSeries of Chooslngs.Life Is one long series of choosfngs.This way or that? Shall we do orleave undone? The questions fill everyhour of every day, and by our wiseor foolish answers we write our history. HELP FILLTHE DEMAND FORBy enrolling at once for our complete Business Course. FugazziGraduates are always in demand,and the supply is much less than thisdemand.We court a thorough investigation. Send for free Booklet, "The Fugazzi Way Leads to The Highest Positions." Day or Night Classes. SpecialCoaching given candidates for CivilService.Write, phone or call at school forfull information.Fugazzi School ofBusinessEfficiency is Our WatchwordMiss Irene Fuzazzi, Principal.Mrs. L. V. Jones, Asst. Principal.118 N. Upper St., Second Floor.LftTmyfmi TCyPUBLICTRAINED WOMENHaving decided to retire from the jewelry and optical business, Iwill offer for sale my stock and fixtures, consisting of watches, clocks,jewelry, optical goods, show cases, iron safes, etc. Auction will begis.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918at 2 o'clock p. m., and will be continued at 7:30 o'clock, p. m., and saehours next day, is necessary. Will be open each Saturday and court dayuntil day of auction in order to deliver all repair work now on hmd,which must be called for before that date as there will be no repair workdelivered during the sale.O. L. FRYE '(noYttI)-; "' ' , 213 N. Main" St., Pari Ky.For SaleBuick Roadster, 1918 model. Firstclass shape. Good as new. 15-horseFairbanks-Morse portable engine.I. D. THOMPSON.Typewriter Wanted.Good second-hand typewriter wanted Underwood preferred. Call THEBOURBON NEWS Telephones, 124.(4-tf)For RentA Vine street residence of 5 roomsfitted with bath; gas; electric light.Apply toJ. T. HINTON,(4-3t-pd) Both Phones.WANTEDThe immediate use of an indexcard-filing case or cabinet by theWoman's Committee of the Councilof National Defense. Please notifythis office.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselvesindebted to the estate of the lateMrs. Mina M. Howell are requestedto settle with the undersigned administrator. Those having claims against theestate will please have same provenaccording to law and present for payment. JAMES M. HUKELL,(27-3wks) Administrator.IRONWe pay highest prices for iromjunk, hides and wool.MUNICH & WIDES & CO.;Eighth St., Paris, Ky.,Cumb. Phone 374.(23-tf)WE BUYOLD FALSE TEETHWe pay from $2.00 to $35.00 perset (broken or not.) We also payactual value for Diamonds, old Gold,Silver and Bridge-work. Send atonce by parcel post and receive cashby return mail.MAZER'S TOOTH SPECIALTYDept. X, 2007 So. 5th St.,Philadelphia, Pa.(till29novF)TREES!We grow a complete assortment of Fruit and ShadeTrees, Shrubs, Vines, Roses,Perennials, Evergreens, Asparagus In fact, "Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden." FRjjJE CATALOG.H.F.Hillenmeyer&SonsLexington, Ky.NO AGENTS.Wanted-Junk.We pay the following prices forjunk, which we guarantee the bestprices to be obtained anywhere inthe State. Send us four shipments:Rags, $3.60 per hundred pounds.Mixed Iron, ?1.00 p per hundredpounds.Wrought Iron, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Heavy Cast, $1.10 per hundredpounds.Bones, SI. 20 per hundred pound3.Heavy Copper, 23c per pound.Light Copper, 21c per pound.Mixed Heavy Brass, 21c per pound.Light Brass, 12c per pound.Lead, 6c per pound.Zinc, 5c per pound.Aluminum, 24c per pound.Boots and Shoes, 7c per pound.Trimmed Arties, 5c per pound.Inner Tubes, lie per pound.Green Salt Hides, 18c per pound.Green Hides, 16c per pound.Calfskins, 27c per pound.Horse Hides, S6.50 for No. l's.Lambskins, S2.00.Full Wooled Sheepskins, S3.0G.Shearlings, $1.50.We also nurchasft old mifl -nowfeathers, for which we pay the highest price, send us samples.SPEYER & SON,Lexington, Ky.-AUCTION!FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS. FAXUl-i. -pM,"W?iite nmT 1.4 LJJiUKLETTERS FROM BOURBON COUNTY JtSOLDIERS AND SAILORS JfjftfeKfetototofetotomtomtommfetotototofetetotofe,Sergt. Lawrence James writesf ram France to his mother, Mrs. Mollie James, in this city, under dateof Augt. 28, as follows:"In France.Dearest Mother and Fapnily: Howin the world are you? Haven't hadbut one letter from the U. S. A. sinceI've been over here, and I suppose itis due to the fact that none of youhave my correct address. I don't remember of giving it to anyone butyou, and probably the letter I sent itin did not reach its destination, asthose things frequently happen .now."I do not have much time for letter writing now, and, even if I did,there would not be much to tell, except to describe the parts of Franceand the peculiarities in the mannersand the customs of the people. Anything else of interest that I mightmention would certainly be cut outby the censor."First, I had better tell you thatI am all together, and feeling better than I have ever felt in all mylife. Am getting plenty to eat andmy bed would make an Ostermoormattress ashamed to say that it wasa member of the mattress family.You see, I am living with a Frenchfamily, and every family I have sofar stopped with has the same kindof beds, large feather ones and plentyof pure lambs wool blankets. Thereare two madamoiselles, one littlegirl and the madam in this family,and while I cannot parlez vousFrancaise very much we manage toget along finely by making signs andusing the little French I know, andthe little English they know."One of the madamoiselles spendsan hour with me and a French andEnglish dictionary every evening,and she says that in four months Iwill be speaking good French. Shecatches the English language verywell, too. I have taken quite a fancyto the little girl, whose name is Marcelle. She is a pure French type aspretty as any picture one has evergazed upon, coal "black hair, darkcomplexion with real rosy cheeks,and possesses an unusually good setteeth, something very rare in aFrench person. They know not athing about brushing their teeth, andthey gaze at us with wondrous eyesas we perform, the operation everymorning, noo-n and night. I boughtMarcelle a tooth brush and a tubeof Colgate's paste, and finally persuaded her to do as I did by givingher a france. Now since she has gotLETTERS from oar boys in the trenches and.from the women in canteen and otherwar work, all bring: to ns the same misase SEND US NEWS FROM HOME.World news is all right, but OUB BOYSwant NEWS OF THIS TOWN, They wantthe home newspaper. Publishers are preventedfrom sending their papers free to anyone, evenboys in the service. Consequently a nationalmovement has been started by CoL WilliamBoyce Thompson of New York, who is actingas President of the Home Paper Service ofAmerica to give the boys what they are callingfor. Every community is joining the movement.Let us see that our boys are not forgotten.Send to the publisher of this newspaperwhatever amount of money you can 5cents or $50.00. We will publish a listeach week of those contributing, and theamounts contributed.Every cent received will be used to sendthis paper to our boys at the front. If atthe end of the war, there is any surplus, itwill be turned over to the local Red CrossCommittee.There is no profit in this to the publishereven in normal times, subscriptions are not soldat a profit With war prices prevailing, and thehigh rate of postage on papers sent to France,our cot will scarcely, be covered by our full ,subscription price.YKememoer wurc over m mauw, oumo ".!,;.. eaiim- from this town Derhaos even-some splendid woman working within sound ofthe guns is depending on you to "KEEP JHEHOME LOVE KINDLED."They are calling to YOU from "Over There"L OIVE WHAT YOU CANWe BOURBON NEWSten started it takes all my extrafrancs to keep her in tooth paste, asshe likes the taste of it and uses thebrush about every hour."The last town I was in one of theFrenchmen invited several of theboys to accompany him on a wildboar hunt, which they did. Thething which struck me as being peculiar was that the Frenchman arrived on the spot dressed as if hewere going to a ball or a stag supper instead of hunting. The othertimes I had seen him he was ratherroughly dressed, shoes not shined, nocollar or coat, and his trousers notpressed. But for the hunt he cameout in a pair of patent leather shoesshined so you could see your reflection in them the same as in a mirror, a pair of plaid trousers with acrease as sharp as a razors' edgerunning down the front and sides, adark coat, white shirt and cuffs, afancy vest, collar and necktie on,and one of those hats turned up onone side and down on the other. Theboys who went with him said that hewanted the wild boars to hunt himinstead of he hunting them, and sothey left him and roughed it in thereal American way."The people I have met so far Ilike very much. They are good-heartedand most hospitable, but theirsmall knowledge of business and efficiency is appalling. Of course theyknow enough to charge an Americana couple of frances more for anything than the ordinary price wouldbe, and that sort of thing, but whenit comes to harvesting the crops andthings like that, the wheat crop, forinstance, the men use a hand scythefor cutting it, and it is picked up byanother who follows along, and tiedinto bundles. It is then loaded onwagons, brought to the barns andthreshed by an old-fashioned handflail, in some instances, some of themore prosperous farmers using athreshing outfit propelled by horses,tread mill style, you understand."Taking a bath is a wonderful proposition over here, too, and it is nowonder the peasantry do not batheoftener than they do, which is twicea year, at the beginning of summerand at the finish of the summer. Sofar, I have had two since I have beenover here, and my only reason fortaking them was simply because Icould not do without them. The firstone was O. K., but the one I took yesterday was one to be remembered.Three of us were necessary to per-Xform, the heroic deed, one to pass thewater from an artesian well ( njifl vnnknow how cold artesian well wateris; to another, who stood on top 'of a.rock wall, which had once heen thefoundation for a house, hut now being used for a sheep pen, the otherstripped and inside the sheep pen.calling the fellow on top of .the wall(who, in turn, was emptying bucketafter bucket of cold misery upon thebather) everything: but a srentleman.It was some bath, and I will swearon after the next one for the rest ofthe winter."I have written enough now tolast for another month, so I willclose. I will wire you just whattime we will arrive in the TTnitedStates on our way back. Love to all.We expect to copne back pretty soonaner we nave cleaned up the Boches.Good bye for this time."SERGT. LAWRENCE H. JAMES,"M. G. Co., 143d Inftry, 36th Div.,American Expeditionary Force."Wayne Cottinghajm, THE NEWS'"special correspondent" at CampZachary Taylor, in his last letterfrom the Camp, writes, in part, asfollows, under date of Sunday, Oct.6, being somewhat delayed in transmission:'Camp Taylor, Oct. 6."Dear NEWS: This is Sundayagain, the day to write my weeklywar letter. This time I have a startling bit of news the war is still going on, according to official advicesjust received. Perhaps your readerswill be interested to know that. Onaccount of the military censorshipand the dignity of my rank as private, I cannot give out anything forpublication on the exact date whenthe darn affair will end. But youmay say in your 'valuable columns'as free-advertising-seekers say, thatI will shed as few tears as anyone."I a,m indeed glad that old Bourbon county has gone over the top inthe Liberty Loan campaign beforethe people read about my working inthe Finance Office at this camp. Thatmight have destroyed their morale.But you may tell them not to worryI don't get to handle any of themoney. All I do is to typewrite thepay-rolls. A tremendously responsible job, oh, yes! Sometimes when Irun across the name of one of thebunch I used to go to school with Iajm about tempted to scratch it off,because I am sure he didn't doenough work to earn the princelysum of $30."Regardless of the fact that Icalled myself a year older Monday ofthis week, I feel so young I havegone back to the old game of playing Indians I am living in a tent.One of my 'bunkies' has written tohis girl to send him some paint, andsoon we will have our wigwam alldolled up in stars, moons, warhawks, scalps and everything. Ithink there is a movement on footto get a Bourbon county stock dealer,or rather trader, to come here andteach us the war whoop. Bill seemsto me the only one qualified. And,believe me, after living in a tent forseveral days one had just as well beat home."When do you think that -nextbunch of Bourbon draftees is goingto arrive? When they do come I a'itfgoing to show them how really 'hardboiled' one can get after being heresix weeks."As you know every new bunch is'green' and when an old-head asksone for a cigarette he pulls out apackage. It is the same way withcigars, chewing gum, tobacco and thelike. So one of the first moves whena new bunch comes to the camp is togo 'souvenir-hunting,' and getenough of all these things to last until the next draft. However, afterone is here a while everything thatis 'his'n stays 'his'n."Knowing full well the papershortage, I will do what Germanywill soon do."Respectully,"WAYNE COTTrNGHAM,"Finance Office, Q. M. Detach., CampTaylor, Ky."Buy MORE BondsJSi 1 IfilBACKACHE IS A WARNING.Paris People Should Not NeglectTheir Kidneys.Backache is often nature's mostfrequent signal of weakened kidneys.To cure the pains and aches, to remove the lameness when it arisesfrom weakened kidneys, you mustreach the cause the kidneys.. If youhave pain through the small of yourback, urinary disorders, backaches,dizzy spells, or are nervous and depressed, start treating the kidneyswith a tested remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have beenproved good and are especially forweak kidneys. Doan's have been usedin kidney trouble for over 50 years. .Read Paris testimony.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, says: "Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills off andon for years and have been greatlybenefited. At times I have sufferedseverely with kidney complaint. Myback often pained me and was lamemost all the time. The kidney secretions were too frequent in passageand greatly annoyed me. WheneverI have been this way, a box of Doan'sKidney Pills has never failed to cureme of the attack in short order."Price 60c, 'at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo.", Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. ('adv).1 1 1Hiflh Standard.f,I hope I can support her In thestyle she is accustomed to." "Getwise to that style, though, before youmarry her. I never knew my wife'speople, but to hear her talk you'd thinkshe was raised in a palace."Cactus Candy. " "Louisiana has a new product. It iscactus candy. The cactus is peeled,dipped in hot sirup or molasses andcoated with powdered sugar.CoMingi and Goinfs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.jMiss Lucy Colville is convalescing irom a recent severe illness.Miss Mary McWilliams has returned from a visit to her aunt, Mrs.P. I. McCarthy, in Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Henry, daughterof Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry, is ill atthe hojme of her parents, on Cypressstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lee Frankhave returned from a visit to Mr.Frank's brother, Dr. Louis Frank,and Mrs. Frank, in Louisville.Mrs. John A. Rice, of Taylorsville, Spencer county, is a guest ofher daughter, Mrs. Richard Sales andMr. Sales, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Ada Fishback and Mr. andMrs. Clyde Huffman have moved tothe Bryan Cottage, at the corner ofWalker avenue and Eighth street.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. Talbottand Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sledd havereturned from a visit to Miss MarthaTalbott, at Margaret College, Versailles. Dr. and Mrs. Marion Johnson,former residents of North Middletown, are here from Dayton, Ohio,as guests of relatives in the city andcounty.Rev. B. F. Orr and daughters,Misses Olivia and Ruth Orr, leftTuesday for a two-weeks' automobiletrip to Louisville and Southern Kentucky points.Mr. L. G. Campbell and Mrs.Campbell, of Whitley City, wereguests several days this week of Mr.and Mrs. C. L. Bell. Mr. Campbellis an attorney at Whitley City.Mr. W. S. Hertig, who has a position in the railroad service atSharon, O., was here this week, making arrangements for moving hisfamily and household effects to thatplace.Rev. and Mrs. Geo. R. Combshave returned from a visit to Mr.Combs' mother, Mrs. Martha Combs,at Berea. They were accompaniedhome by their cousin, Miss MarieHarben, of Richmond.Mr. Henry L. ("Dick") Nippert, who has been a guest of hisbrother, Mr. 'Phil Nippert, in thiscity, returned to his home in Chattanooga, Tenn., Wednesday. "Dick"Nippert in one of that large throngof former Paris boys who take pleasure in spending their vacations inthe old home town, and renewing oldacquaintances. And he is one who isalways assured a hearty welcome byhis boyhood friends.(Other Personals on Page 5.)IS TSSTATE NORMAL SCHOOL SENDSOUT THE S. 0. S. CALL.Prof. Booth, of Richmond, representing the above school, was inParis, Wednesday. His mission is tosecure the co-operation of schoolpeople and all other parties interested in education to check the tendency toward the alarming and increasing situation of a shortage ofteachers. There are hundreds ofchildren in Kentucky who shall suffer this year for lack of instruction.Unless something is done the futurepresents even a darker picture.Trof. T. J. Coates, President ofthe above school, has evolved a planwhich seeans feasable and practicableand based upon reason and commonsense. It is this: He says to theCounty and Cityt Superintendents,"You know how many new teachersyou need annually. Next year youperhaps will rteed more than heretofore. Now, you cannot expect to getflour from a mill unless you first sendthe grain, neither can you expect toreceive teachers from a Teachers'Training School until you have firstsent a sufficient amount of propermaterial to the same. Therefore,send us the material and we shallsend you back teachers. You arethe guardian of children in yourcounty and city. The Eastern Kentucky State Normal School is likewise your school. Therefore, the responsibility is on yqu. What are yougoing to do aoout izc we Denevethat you will jmeasure up to the imperative demands of the hour."This seems to be reasonable andthe people of Kentucky will wait patieently to see large results.CUCUMBER EREAK. i'(Falmouth Outlook.)J. W. Applegate, of Mt. Zion, hasa cucumber that is quite a freak. Itis just the shape of a hand with fourfingers and a thumb. Mr. Applegatethinks it is the hand that will writethe Kaiser's doom on the wall.S3Buying OnCreditis a nuisance toboth buyer andseller.It is one thing that keepsthe cost of living goinghigher. Bring your market basket and the cash toMRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYopposite the Paris CourtHouse, r and see what youcan save.Extensive ShowingofSmart New Fashions IxFor the Correctly GownedYoung Woman.Embracing reproductions and adaptations from the greatFrench and American designers who excel in modes ofyouthful character. Fur Trimmed and Plain TailoredSuits developed in soft Velours and Tricotines.CoatsOf charming new design in full plain models and luxu -riousfur. trimmed effects, including the new Dolman an dInverness.Tailored DressesSmart, new, straight-line effects of Serge, Tricotine ,Tricollette, Satin and Velvet simple, yet possessing tha tsubtle charm of detail so desired.VBlousesIn all the late suit colors, as well as flesh, black andwhite. Models that are exclusive and out of the ordinary. Furs SiNew arrivals in rich soft Taupe Fox, Black Fox, Beaver ,Nutria and genuine Scotchrate pieces. Fur Coats and Coatees of Hudson Seal , IRaccoon Mole, Squirrel and Muskrat. HJunior and Chad's Depart JWe are showing a big new line of Coats, Dresses, Sweat- Xers, Furs and Millinery. IsIxWOLF, WILE CO.LEXINGTON, KY.Professional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawK00MS 401-402EEEtST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM;KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose andThroatBOOMS 403-404EERST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136THESENEW HATSAre More Attractive ThanAny We Have ShownFor Years.So it is to your advantage tocome and select one to-day. Wehave assortments at$1.98 $3.50$2.98 $4.00AND UP.Twin Bros.Department StoreMain and 7th Paris, Ky.IKII"AIl..xI;kIxIXIXIXIXIXIXIXt -IXIXIXIXIMole; matched sets or sepa - XiXIMargolehrsSANITAR YMeat MarketEverything kept ina clean, sanitary condition, and only thechoicest home-killedmeats are sold here.GiveUs an Order1IttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoats . , "Lamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Buy MORE BondsTsh -- 35gfirlFTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Y. w"t MM TORFRIDAY, OCTOBER 11 1$1S.' ' "." !-WOMEN'S AGTIVI2IES.f ', -The meeting of the Bourbon Art1 Clufo to have been held at the homeof Mrs. James, Scott, Saturday, Octo' ber 12, is postponed until further, notice.' Save all peach stones, apricot pits,prune pits, plum pits, olive pits, dateseeds, cherry pits, brazil nut shells,walnut shells (English or- Native)hickofy nut shells, butternut shells.20Q peach stones seven pounds of'nuts, toill produce enough carbon fora gas .mask. ' SAVE A SOLDIER.FROM GERMAN POISON GAS.Please save your empty flour sacksand snd them CLEAN to the RedCross;room. 'They can be used to linecomfdrts, which are made of thescraps from cutting garments, andare sent to the Belgian Relief Commission. 5 ISHELP THE FRENCH AND BELGIAN BABIES.Contributed.)Think of France today and theheart-broken mothers! They have losteverything. Their husbands, theirsons and brothers have died fightingfor us, their homes, have been destroyed and their babes will have todie from hunger, cold, tuberculosis,if American does not come to theiraid.The 'Fatherless Children of FranceCommittee gives us a chance to helpFrance more immediately, morepractically, more enduringly thanany other war charity. The childrenof France are her greatest asset. HelnJier protect the children and help comfort those poor wretched mothers.Any person or group of persons, cansave a child's life by giving ten centsa, day, or $36.50 a year, and thinkwha,t that would mean to- those poorwidowed mothers! They write themost grateful letters to their "benefactors," as they call us, and sendphotographs of the child.The people of Bourbon County arewilling and anxious to do their partin all war work, and we should allj.be proud we are from old Bourbon'county. See Mr, W. W. Mitchell,treasure? "Or Mrs. A. B. Hancock, andsave a life for France. Below islist of the good people of Bourboncounty who have adopted one or moreof these orphans since the last 157adoptions were sent in:Mr. A. T. Moffett, Mr. J. D. Ralls,Mrs. Jno. Marr,'Mrs. Wra. Saunders,Mrs. Thos. Marshall, Mrs. Alex Miller, Mrs. Robt. Johnson?" Mrs. LizzieMiller, Millersburg; The Mothers''Club, North Middletown, Mrs. Jno.W. Jones, Treasurer; Mrs. Matt Lair,Mrs. Julia Houston, Mr. CatesbyWoodford, (2 additional), "A Friend"(2), Mr. W. G. McClintock, Mr. Win.Shire, Mrs. Jasper Offuttr Mr. Wm.Hall, Mr. George Current, Mrs. M.H. Dailey, Mrs. J. N. Mason, Mr. J.S. Wilson, Mr. Frank Hall, Mr. J.Quincy Ward, Episcopal Church Society, Paris; Rev. F. M. Tinder, NorthMiddletown; Mrs. H. C. Buckner,Paris, (1 additional) ; Mrs. Nettie S.Hogers, Mr. J. T. Sudduth, Mr. J. H.Hunt, Mr. S. F. VanMeter, Mr. R.M. Scobee (4), Mr. Asa Dooley, Mr.G. D. Goff, Mrs. Frances Shorte(Treasurer), Mrs. W. H. French(Treasurer), Mr. Berceau Adams,Mrs. Robt. L. Bratton, Mrs. Olivia C.Gardner (Treasurer), Winchester.?S1 Ba )52SEE EELD'S SCHOOL SHOESBESTAND STRONGEST LINE.What about your boy's, Misses'and children's school shoes? Don'toverlook Feld's Shoe Store when youare ready to buy. As usual we havethe best and strongest line to selectfrom. (sept3-tf)Buy MORE Bonds1 g?Egf;-img-THE PICTUREFROM HOME!Don't Forget It!The biggest and most vitalissue in the morale of our armyis keeping the boys cheerful andcare-free.When their routine work isover, thoughts naturally turn tohome! And the nearest approach to home is the letterfrom home with the simple hompictures made by brother or sister, father or mother.Keep Your Kodak BusyFor tke Sake of tkeBoy "Over There."Dougherty Bros.,KmMcs and SuppliesFiltm Dtvtlepd Free 'Fifth and Mainf wwmw JTT,amumi wk,w t"fl K tBfes-g TFT p ffltTHE IAW OF THE LAND.The "attitude of the Railroad Administration with, reference to thestatute by which the railroads passed from public to private control, isremarkably interesting. The legislation indicated makes it the law ofthe land that the railroads shall bereturned to their owners after thewar. Oscar A. Price, assistant to theDirector of the Railroads, who is recognized as Mr. McAdoo's "right handman," in an authorized interviewgiven to the New York Times, castsconsiderably more than the shadowof a doubt upon the question. Mr.Price has traveled all over the broadland with his Chief, during the lastfew months, and after voicing assurances that the Railroad Administration is regarded as a tremendoussuecess wherever he traveled, he saysthat the railroad employees of thecountry are determined to make thepresent regime of government controla success. "It is but natural that Jthis should be so they never faredso well under' private control andoperation as they are faring to-day,"says Mr. Price, who also states that"they feel that now they have atstake not only their pay and theirjobs, but the triumph of a new idea,an idea that they feel is destined tobe more beneficie-nt than any otherfor them, as well as for the public,for which they serve."On the very heels of Mr. McAdoo'swarning to railroad men that theymust remain "bone dry" upon allpolitical matters, the statement ofhis acknowledged spokesman, Mr.Price, is truly significant. "Railroademployees are not devoid of a knowledge of politics, as their past recordproves," says Mr. Price, who observesvery wisely: "They are thoroughlyaware that if Government operation Jand control are to become permanentthey must prove a success now. Theyare now on trial, and their success orfailure, to a very large extent, is inthe hands of those 2,300,900 employes." Mr. Price has laid himself open tothe suspicion of having leanings toward the grou whom Harvey H.Motter, of Topeka, describes as self apartisan, is liberal enough to saythat this group of men are "not necessarily the Administration, or theDemocratic party as a whole."It is, however, apparent that theSocialistic tendency is rather strongin high political life, and politiciansin mighty places who are leaders inboth the old parties are evidentlyrather careless of the rights of Democracy in American industry.The political Government of theNation, is storing up big problemsconcerning "the triumph of a newidea," as expressed by Mr. Price, andthere are, doubtless, breeding jmanyproblems concerning public and private ownership that will have to bemet, and fought to a finish, after thewar. N?Q IS TSCOMEPTENT COUNTY ROAD ENGINEERS. "We would not expect physicians toargue cases before the Court of Appeals, nor lawyers to compounddrugs, or blacksmith to be skilledphotographers, then why concludethat an inexperienced man can successfully handle the road affairs ofany county, yet there are some courtsthat would gladly appoint to officeevery sort of man and there aremen ignorant and avaricious enoughto always seek positions they are unqualified to fill.Why don't we appoint druggistsCounty Farm Agents or blacksmithsCounty Health Officers? They wouldnot have the opportunity to squanderone-tenth as much money as the manin the important position of CountyRoad Engineer.TAX PAYERS, NOTICE.No matter iff you only paypoll tax. you are required bylaw to report to us. Time isgrowing short for reportingtaxes. Do so NOW and avoidpenalty.WALTER CLARK,Tax Commissioner.JNO. J. REDMON, Deputy.(oct8-tf)fe la fcAGED FLUTE.(La Center Advance. )"Dock" Bayless brought to ouroffice an old flute, which is quite arelic. It was owned many years agoby Congressman Oscar Turner, hegiving it to Col. Ogden, of Bandana,probably fifty years ago. It is almost in a perfect state of preservation and still plays good. "Dock" canplay it a little and prizes it veryhighly, not because he ever expectsto be a flute musician, but becauseof the friendship of his old friend,Col. Ogden, who presented it to him.CLOSE GUESSING(Madisonville Hustler.)L. Q. Moore, of Earlington, and J.B. Stanley, of this city, made a betSaturday that they could guess thewefght of Lucian Hancock's bull,which he brought to Madisonville tobe weighed. Quinn guessed the animal weighed 1,120 pounds, while Mr.Stanley said it weighed 1,130. Thebull weighed 1,125. The winner wasto buy soft drinks, but as they tiedin their guess no drinks were bought.Several men in the crowd guessedthe animal would -weigh 1,400pounds.Buy MORE Bonds';.BOUBBON'S'ROLL OF HQHOi-"THE SUPREME SACRIFICE?r-Private Elgin Dalzell, Little Rock;died in Naval Hospital, PhiladelphiaNavy Yard; pneumonia; buried" inNorth Middletown.Sergt. Bishop Batterton, Parisidied in Base - Hospital, France;wounded in battle; buried in Prance.Corp. Allen Huddleston, Paris;died at Base Hospital, Camp Zachary "Taylor; pneumonia; buried inPrivate Harry H. Chlnn, Jr., Jacksonville; died in Base Hospital, CampZachary Taylor; influenza; buried atJacksonville.Private Samuel Robertson, Millersburg; died at sea, on route to France;pneumonia; buried in France.Private Grover Butler, Paris;died in Base Hospital, Camp Meade,Maryland; influenza; buried at Paris.Private Ray Link, Hutchison; diedin Naval Hospital, Great Lakes NavalTraining Station, Great Lakes, 111.;influenza; buried at Paris.Buy Liberty Bonds -RULES FOR AVOIDING EPIDEMICOF INFLUENZA.The following precautionary rulesfor the avoidance and lessening of theIntensity of the epidemic of influenza,have been prepared by Dr. "Wm. F.Lincoln, advisor of Lake DivisionAmerican Red Cross, for distributionthroughout the entire Lake Divisionterritory, consisting of the states ofOhio, Indiana and Kentucky.Here. are the rules:1. All colds, however slight, shouldbe treated as possible attacks of influenza. Patients affected by coldsshould stay at home and sterilize discharge from the nose and throat.2. Avoid feeling or spreading ofthe disease.3. Avoid crowds.4. Regular bodily functions andkeep them so.5. Avoid the breath or expelledsecretions from people suffering fromcoldi "--.6. ' Wash out the nose" aria threattwo or three times daily by a nasalspray or douche and by gargle with a"normal salt solution" ( teaspoonful salt water.)7. All those in attendance onpatients with influenza should wearma,sks.8. Clothing should be warm anddry. Food simple and easily digested. Drink water freely.isa E3 PaSTOVES, STOVES,-HYou had better have your stovesready for these cold spells that areliable to turn up any morning. Wehave them.(8-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.isa feRED CROSS NEWS GRENADESA number of disinfecting plantsand water sterilizing outfits aie being manufactured by the AmericanRed Cross, which will turn them overto the Italian Sanitary authorities"for military use.The stripping of prisoners apparently takes place only at the front inthe heat and confusion of battle. Atthe prisons, camp committees, appointed by the prisoners themselves,see that American prisoners receiveand enjoy the supplies be-nt them.Each individual, moreover, returns asigned receipt card for each parcel tdthe American Red Cross representstives at Berne.The girls of the Smith College Relief Unit have opened a reading roomfor American and British soldiers.Regular visits also are paid to thethe American soldiers in the hospitalat Beauvias. Wounded soldiers tothe number of some 8,000 sometimesare fed in the course of a ten-dayperiod. In one night the record offeeding 5,000 was made.The American Red Cross rollingcanteens in Italy recently distributed to 7,000 Italian soldiers packetscontaining socks, soap, cigarettes,chocolates, handkerchiefs, writing(material and small mirrors andcombs. Such packets will probablybe distributed to some 40,000 more.They help to keep up the spirits ofthe fighters and are taken by the individual as evidence of America's direct participation in the war.Necessary articles for hospitalequipment in Prance have been provided by the Red Cross War Council.The list submitted by the Red CrossCommissioner for France included300,000 shirts, 5000,000 sheets, 250,000 ward slippers and 50,000 bathroom slippers.Chapter production, it is hoped, fwill provide other articles needed before January 1, 1919, when the sumof $1,999,200 authorized by the RedCross will have been expended.OFFICIAL UNIFORM FOR' BOYS5WORKING RESERVE.Thousands of American boys below draft age will soon be wearingan official United States uniform.Secretary "of Labor Wilson has authorized and the War Department hasapproved an olive drab uniformwhich may be worn by all membersof the United States Boys' WorkingReserve.Aleady there are many units ofthe Boys' Working Reserve throughout the country which have beenawaiting the announcement of theofficial dress of the organization andmany more units which will be organized as a result of the proposedexpansion of the Heserve under theco-operation of the War Departmentwill at once discard "mufti" for thenatty olive drab of the Reserve uniform.CITY BOARD OF HEALTH ISSUESINELUENZAWAEMHar nt T" ,The order of the SUte Board ofHealth closing all schools, churches,theatres, and other places of publicassembly throughout Kentucky, isabsolutely mandatory and in view ofthe possibility of our community being subjected to the sufferings anddeaths from the ravages of the terrible epidemic which has alareadytaken and still continues to take thelives of so many of our brave, selfsacrificing young" men in all parts ofour country, we, the undersignedBoard of Health of Paris, Kentucky,hereby order the closing of allschools, churches, theatres and placesof public assembly, until furthernotice.We would also call attention tothe City Ordinance against spittingon sidewalks, and on floors of public places, stores, etc., and violatorswill be fined. ,The burning of leaves in the cityis absolutely forbidden, as it is alsoa menace to health.There (may be no public funeralservices at either residence or churchand large public gatherings at thegrave, should be discouraged, wheredeceased died of influenza or any other communicable disease.All hotels, restaurants and eatinghouses must sterilize by boiling (notmerely rinsing) all tumblers, cups,plates, dishes, knives, forks, spoons,etc., before each successive using ofsame by patrons.1 Soda fountains, soft drink stands,etc., must use paper tumblers, cups,etc., to dispense drinks or creams assoon as they can procure same. Untilthat time all glasses, cups, spoons,etc.shall be sterilized by boiling eachtime used.The co-operation of every citizenis requested to aid us in the enforcement of the above orders.DR. C. G. DAUGHERTY,DR. J. M. WILLIAMS,JO. S. VARDEN,Board of Health.Paris, Ky., Oct. 8, 1918." ssi ea siFAMOUS STOCK PARM AT AUCTION TO-MORROW, (SATURDAY)The public sale of the famous Sister Mary Stock Farm will occur onthe premises on the Bethlehem pike,to-morrow, Saturday morning, October 12, at 10 o'clock. This is one ofthe most valuable farms in Bourboncounty and tobacco growers are offered an exceptional opportunity tomake money by acquiring one ofthese valuable tracts. Attend thesale. ., ) ' - pa ps bS rklDDIES WALK 42 MILES TO SEEI TROPHY TRA1JN.The first ones to go through theUncle Sam Trophy Train, at Harlan,Ky., were forty-one school childrenwho walked twenty-one miles overPine Mountain with their teacher,Mrs. C. A. Holton, to be on handwhen the train pulled in.j jThe mountain is 1,700 feet high.i , The children were from Pine Mounitain Settlement School. They cheered loudly as they walked among thetrophies and were wildly waving flagsas the tram pulled out ana lett tnemto start their long hike back home.i 1S3J lfi TBITO TAX PAYERS,Tax receipts of thecity for 1 9 1 S are nowin the hands of CityCollector W. W.Mitchell at the Farmers 8c Traders Bank.Call and pay themnow.E. B. JANUARY,i Mayor.(aug24-tf)!53 ?S!' UNUSUAL HORSE TRADE.S (Harrodsburg Herald.)t Quite an interesting case was triedWednesday before Judge Davenport.It seems that Tom Coulter, of Washington county, and Cleve Divine, ofDixville, had a horse swap the earlypart of August. Coulter started offwith the horse he got, 'but it felldown with him and turned out to beblind. He took it back to Divineand demanded that they trade back.Divine refused and he took his horseanyway. Divine claimed that he objected to the horse being taken,while Coulter claimed that Divineconsented to it. Coulter said he paid$10 damages in the deal, but Divineclaimed that he only left ?1 on thefence and later that he went and gotit. A warrant was taken out charging the taking of the horse, and after hearing the evidence the courtheld Coulter to the grand jury andfixed his bond at $500. It seemsfrom the discussion of the case thatthe right to take the horse depenason whether or not fraud has beenpracticed on Coulter by Divine.. ; is Ea mINSURE YOUR TOBACCO.Insnre your tobacco in thebarn against fire, wind-storm,etc. We settle quick.Thomas, Woodford & Bry an.' SMOKERS FOR SOLDIERS'(A recent ordergiven by .the ,YjMjC. A. calls for shipment of 1,337,000 tons of tobacco for overseas;another shipment calls for- 900,000cigars for American soldiers inPrance. More than 920,000 poundsof, chocolate is eaten by Americansoldiers in France every month accojding to Y. M. C. A. figures. Thisrepresents an expenditure of practically 1,000,000 frances each, month,bre than 5,000,000 cigars, 200,ftpJMOO cigarettes and a large quantity of chewing tobacco is necessaryto meet the actual demand per month Iof'ihe American soldiers in France E-" and date "December, 1916," enfcccording to Y. M. C. A. Post Ex- ffSS TEfe, Fin,der le?ve at THEchinge figures. , 'AI r .1 ' -IFRANK & CO. ILADIES'We Are Now ShowingOUR NEWFALL LINESMisses' and Ladies'Silk, Serge and JerseyDRESSESMisses' and Ladies'SUITSChildren's, Misses' and Ladies'"COATSFRANK & CO.fcSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Richard H. Wills left yesterday for Georgia on a business trip.Mr. Wills recently purchased onehundred head of horses in Bourbon,Harrison and Nicholas counties, fiftyof which were shipped to Georgia,Monday, and the other fifty on Wednesday. Caywood & McClintock purchasedof J. W. Stevens fourteen head of1,200-pound cattle at 12 cents perpound. They sold a mare mule coltto David Parrish, of Austerlitz, for$90.Myers & Smith, of Paris, shinnedto dealers in Hennagen, S. C, thisweek, fourteen head of aeed mulesfor which they paid from $200 toidOO a head, and twelve head of extragood horses which cost them from?100 to $250 a head.psa fc teWHERE BULLETS WERE FLYINGRev. Mandeveille J. Barker, laterector of the Episcopalian church inUniontown, Pa., has been commendedfor valor by the commander of thebrigade to which he is attached asY. M. C. A. worker, the news comingdirect to the National War WorkCouncil of the Y. M. C. A. Major T.N. Vail, of.Harrisburg, Pa., was incommand of the machine gun detachment which went in advance of theinfantry in an attack on positions atGlennes, Captain John Wasres, ofScranton, Pa., led a group that gotinto some of the hottest places. Outin front "of them all toiled Mr. Bar--ker,working along on hands andknees and finding plenty of calls forhis bandages and dressings. He succoured. Americans and Germans alike,at one' time being in twenty yards ofa German outpost, hidden only byslight rise in the ground.m-m i- Buy MORE BondsWANTED.Kitchen Range anr? Gas Heaters.Must be m good condition.Call undersigned at Windsor Hotel,phone, 127.MRS. RICHARD BUTLER.TLOST' On the War Trophy Train day,somewhere in the vicinitv of th T.& N. passenger station., a lady's goldbracelet watch. Had initiaTs "T? MYTf? vx an.a receive reward.OUTFITTERSin.SPECIALSFOR SATURDAYJersey Sweet Potatoesper pound4cIrish Potatoes qiper pound-. . o CCabbage uper pound. .-. . . . ,.fcCYork Imperial Apples rper peck DOCCome to my store withthe cash and your marketbasket and reduce the highcost of living. See my lineof pure fruit preserves.MRS. ELLIS'CASH AND CARRYGROCERYOpposite Court HouseAetna-AutoCombination Policies.Protect Againstr FiretheftCollisionProperty DamageLiabilityAnd OtherCasualties -A. J. PEKV m-f-r; Ut:v '' -,4ri':'.'-'t' !-3 &? Jra-'&tf&m;. re7 z:iff.Tv"tTU:- ftA.v m?& :w$ft &(M mm &?)tFRIDAY, -OCTOBER -lli 118.-nTHE BOURBON -NBWS, PAWS, KE? ABB Iff'fjJyi t,af OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat, thoroughly cleaned.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(30aug-tf)M T )GENUINE AB-TICLE, COUN-THETRY SORGHUM.Pure Country Sorghum, the genuine article right from the country.um C. P. COOK & CO.pa a 1RUMMAGE SALE POSTPONED.On account of the order from thectP Board of Health prohibitinggathering of people in public placesthe i-aaies .Diuie oiasa ujl liic iu-cliiu-distChurch, have postponed inBfinately their "Rupimage Sale,"scheduled for to-day, in the Robneelbuilding.is EaDON'T FORGET THE SALE OFSISTER MARY STOCK FARMThe famous Sister Mary StockFarm, for years owned by MartinDoyle, will be sold to-morrow at teno'clock. It will be sold in threetracts. Fine tobacco and hemp land.Good improvements, well watered.Sale takes place at ten o'clock! Easyterms. Sale starts at 10 o'clock. Beoa hand and be a bidder, or better'till, a buyer. Bourbon land is inJemand. This is your chance.. SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.5! : 0. O. F. 8h&ftitdage. Owirfe to theComings amd Goings ofPeople Here, There andElsewhere.i,Ourprevalance of. influenza, there being:!nve nunarea cases reported in Mayfield, the Grand Lodge finished, air itsbusiness in one day and l adjourned.Wm. Lail; Dr. Faries and Homer Shy,other delegates, returned last night.MrS. J. C. Elcrin is milf.A ill S. ' tnn w, -rrr ji tti ' j. Vr-mS? tSkwtv1 Strtet : ' where his mn' Mr- Sam Clay WardMhWi &7lllminS g0ne ? has seriously ill with pneumonia?eeks ' "" DcvcxttijHe is greatly improved, and out pfj danger. His other son, Mr. MillerJk j versity of Virginia, is able to be out.-mr. ana Mrs. iuimer Gill wiU!Wfd who has been ill at 17move from Switzer, Scott County, to fftv nf vi TSl '11.1jrans soon to reside. ' ;Miss Lelia May Smith has returned to her home near Georgetown, after a visit to her uncle, Mr. WallaceCarter, in this city.Lieut. Frank McCarthy has reteurned to Leon Springs, Texas, after a visit to his aunt, Miss Julia Mc-jxt.cuy, in tnis city.HARRY SIMON'SB-4 FIREinsure withW,0. HINTON &SON,AgtsREORGANIZATION PFSOARD.HEALTH-'The City Council having acceptedthe resignation of Dr. A H. Kelleras City Health Officer, selected Dr.Chas. G. Daugherty as his pro ternsuccession The Board was reorganized, Dr. Daugherty being electedCity Health Officer permanently. Asnow made up the Board is composedof the following members: Dr. Chas.G. Daugherty, City Health Officer,Jo. Varden, Dr. J. M. Williams andOssian Edwards. Mr. Edwards was amember of the old Board, and wascontinued in his place with the newBoard.ALLEGED DESERTER ARRESTED.Henry Washington, an allegeddeserter from Camp Zachary Taylor,was arrested on the farm of Jos.Connell, on the Ruddles Mills pike,Wednesday morning by PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy and Deputy SheriffOllie Marshall, a,nd placed in theParis jail.Patrolman Judy received information from Camp Taylor, Saturdaynight, that Washington, who hadbeen posted at the camp as being"absent without leave" was thoughtto be in this vicinity. After threedays patient investigation the officerlocated his man on the Connellfarm, and his arrest followed.He was held here until the arrivalof a guard from Camp Taylor, whotook him back to the camp for trialby courtmartial. .'S3 feGAS HEATERS CONNECTED UPFREE OF CHARGE, ,j -'Mrs. W. A. WjiIIpti fftmorlv nParis, now residing in Sanders, Ky.,is a guest of Dr. and Mrs. D. S,xienry, on Uypress StreetOther Personals on Page 3)Bm ib m jmLOCAL CHAIRMAN INVITED TOINSPECT ARTILLERY CAMP.Mr. Frank P. Lowry, Chairman forBourbon County of the United States! Labor Reserve Board, received thefollowing telegram Wednesday fromCamp Taylor, near Louisville, inviting 'him to be one of the party thatis to "make a personal inspection ofMr. W. F. Peddicord, who has the new artillery camp, Camp Knox,at atitnton, Ay.:"Mr. Frank P. Lowry, Paris, Ky."Can you attend Camp Knox dayat Stithton, Ky., October 15? Governor Stanley, General Austin, Alliedomcers and Government officials wantyou to see the largest artillery dampin the world under construction,watch the aeroplanes, see the boysfiring the big guns, all at our expense,provided you will bring five to tenlaborers or carpenters with you.Wire us immediately if you can come.Wire again by Saturday number ofmen you will bring so we can wiretransportation for you all. Everycounty in the State will be represented. If you cannot come selectsomeone in your place."O. L. TAYLOR,"Assistant State Director U. S. PublicService Reserve."Now is the time to have that "NewProcess" Gas Stove put up. Colddays are near at hand. We connectthem up for you free of charge. Savea plumbing bill.(S-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.- - i m imFire, Win and LightningInsuranceThomas, Woodford & Bryan.TAX DEUNaUENTS WELL FACEPENALTY NOVEMBER 1.Under the new law passed by theGeneral Assembly city taxes are nowcollectable in October, and not inDecember, as has heretofore been thecase, according to the opinion of CityAttorney Brent Spence, of Newport,"a ho has made a special study of theBlatter.Some Paris taxpayers who, havenot paid their taxes promptly gaveas an excuse an opinion of a Newport city official copied in many papers to the effect that the new .lawtas inoperative because of a technicality and JJkat the old act is still inforce.? As a result of this ruling of CityAttorney Spence, it has been statedthat the penalty will be effective November l, and that all who do notpay their taxes during October willhave it added.been spending the Summer in Pariswill leave tomorrow for Los Angeles,Cal., to reside the coming Winter.Miss Ella Loomis, formerlv ofParis, who has been residing in Cynthiana for several years, has gone toHerrin, Ills., to make her future home.Mr. and Mrs. John Dejarnetteand daughter, Miss Lillian Dejarnette, have returned to Paris after avisit to Mrs. Thomas Price, in Danville. Mr. A. Pogue, resident civilengineer for the Louisville & Nashville, and his mother, are both ill withinfluenza, at their home on SecondStreet.Mr. J. Louis Earlywine whocame to Paris to attend the funeraland burial of his father-in-law, Mr.J. U. Boardman, returned to his homein Chicago, Wednesday.Mr. S. V. Brents, publicity manfor the Bourbon Oil and DevelopmentCo., has returned to Paris, after, aninspection trip through the Company'son ana gas territory m Eastern Kentucky. Councilman John Merringer returned Wednesday from a three-weeks' stay at Hot Springs, very muchimproved. Mr. ijjwell Kenaker, willleave today from the Springs forParis.Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, Mrs.Chas. G. Daugherty, Miss Mayme Holladay and Mrs. Thompson Tarr, motored to Lexington, in the latter'smachine and spent the day Tuesdaywith friends.Several cases of the influenzahave appeared at the Randolph-Macon College, in Virginia. Among thestudents attending the college are:Misses Vernita Baldwin, of Paris, andCarolyn Mclntire, of Millersburg.Mrs. William I. Goodwin, of Lexington, entertained a number offriends at the Red Cross Tea Room inthis city, Tuesday afternoon, following a dining at the Country Club,near Lexington earlier in the day.Dr. Ben Bruner, of Louisville,Republican Candidate for UnitedStates Senator, was a visitor in Paris,Wednesday. Dr. Bruner was in conference with Bourbon County Republican leaders in regard, to campaignmatters in the city and county.Mr. John I. Rogers, son of Mrs.Bessie Rogers, of Lexington, formerlyof Paris, was brought home, withother students, from a military institute in South Carolina, where he wasattending school, suffering from anattack of influenza. He was a member of the Student's Army TrainingCorps at the school.Among those who attended thefuneral and burial of .Sergeant AllenHuddleston, m this city, Monday,were the following from Cyntbiana:Mr. and Mrs. John Perrant, Mrs. S.F. Sprake, Mrs. Norma Berry, MissLula Gnadinger, Miss Mayme Coffey, Miss Elizabeth Anderson, Mrs.Frank Northcytt, and Miss Louisejromwen.Prof li Mi Booth, of Richmond,was a caller at THE NEWS officeWednesday. Prof. Boothe is canvassing Central Kentucky towns inthe interest of the Eastern. Kentucky State Normal School at Richmond. The school is endeavoring tostimulate a greater interest in. teachers and teaching, in view of a threatened shortage of teachers throughout the State.Mayor E. B. January and Mr.John Doty returned Wednesday nightfrom Mayfield, Ky.", where they afctended the one-day session of the I.Any carpenter from Paris or thecounty desiring to engage in thispatriotic work should apply at onceto Mr. Lowry, at Lowry & May's forparticulars by Saturday. Good wagesand transportation assured.fe feRED CROSS TEA ROOMS.The Red Cross Tea Rooms have enjoyed an excellent week of patronage.An increasing number of guests taxing the capacity of the enterprise tothe utmost. The following' is themenu for to-day, Friday Oct., 11 :Special, 50 cts.Old Ham, Beaten Biscuit,Stuffed Potatoes, Butter Beans,Coffee. ,P'Chicken Salad, 20 cts.Waldorf Salad, 15 cts.Rice Pudding, 10 cts.The young ladies conducting theRed Cross Tea Room wish to expresstheir thanks to the public generallyfor their support. The donations havebeen numerous and most generous.So much so in fact that no vegetablessave tomatoes will be needed for nextweek. Hams, however, are muchwanted, also, ducks, butter, cream,milk and eggs or any of the numerousdelicacies that the housewives havebeen preparing at home and bringingin.The following ladies will be incharge of the Tea Room next week:Mrs. John F. Davis, Chairman,Miss Carolyn Roseberry, Miss Margaret Ferguson, Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton. Mrs."Woodford Daniels, Mrs. Fay Ardery,and Mrs. Durand Whipple.pa J leiDIRECT RELIGIOUS WORKBishop Charles H. Brent, who isnow the senior staff chaplain of theAmerican Expeditionary Forces, wentto France as a Y. M. C. A. workerearly in the war. Bishop Brent'schief work is to co-ordinate religionswork of chaplains with that of theY. M. C. A., and other war workersat the front.T5s i fc ';BIRTHS. w. .On October 5, in Paris to - thewife of Mr. John Brannock, a daughter, weight eight pounds, christenedDorothy Haviland Brannock. Mrs.Brannock was formerly Miss FannieBrown ,of North Middletown.PUBLICRENTINGOfA CORRECTION.Through a confusion of names ofDersons and firms THE. NEWS inTuesday's issue, published an item tothe effect that Auctioneer C. B. Vanhook, of Cynttiiana-, would, m the lutnre, conduct all sales for Harris &Speakes, real estate dealers in Paris.The item should have stated thatMr. Varihook would be with the PansSealtv'Co. In a rush hour the memorandum became confused with another, and the name of Harris &Speakes used instead of the ParisRealty Co. ,Mr. George D. Speakes, long Knownas "the silver-voiced auctioneer, willcontinue with Harris & Speakes, andwill conduct their sales as in the past.THE NEWS had not the least intention nf iinrnff Mr Sncakes an in-justice, but mistakes are apt to creepin anywhere, and especially undercircumstances as indicated above.Mr. Speakes' long -and efficient service to the public and to his firm istoo well-known to, need further comment and is in ils'elf -Ifte beSt guarantee for the future.BIOClosingOutSale!wE ARE STILL KEPT BUSY accommodating our many customers with therare bargains we have offered ever since the beginning of our BIGCLOSING OUT SALE. In addition to the great bargains we have alreadyoffered, we have added new lines of Fall and Winter Goods, which were boughtbefore we decided to close out the Paris store, and as the goods have advancedfrom 30 to 50 per cent we have decided to give the public the benefit of the lowprices which will be placed an all the new merchandise rather than give it to themanufacturers. -THE NEW STOCK CONSISTS OFSuitsDresses SkirtsALSO A LINE OFChildren's Coats and DressesHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET, PARIS, KY.raHMTOTOMICTKOTEBLUE GRASS" FARM LAND.On Monday, October 14, 19181254 acres ot land owned by TVlrs. Mary Harris Clay and C. M.Clay, located on the Winchester Pike 3 1-2 miles from Paris, will berented puhlicTy, at the Court House door in Paris, Ky., onMonday, October 14th, at 2 O'clock50 acres of Tobacco, 285 acresof corn, the balance Grass Land.Tobacco Land part virgin soil. The rest cultivated in tobacco this year-Prospective renters may inspect place at any. time.The Farm will be rented as a whole.Also at the same time and place 50" acres of wheat land on the farmof John Harris Clay will be rented.The contract for the renting will be read before the sale and theconditions in full jmade known, at that time.The Farms will be rented for one year. Possession given on March1st:, 1919.For, further particulars call, CUMBERLAND PHONE 118. or HOME PHONE 201S.MakeComingWinter HoursCheerfulPossible'iWe can assist you in this if you will let us placein your home some of our exclusive designs ofFurniture and RuIt will mean much to you to have .your surroundings as cheerful andsnug and "homey" as possible, and you can do so at a very slight expense if you will make your selections from our very complete stocksAlways tear in mind that we are very particular as to the quality of ourgoods.Welshall be glad to see you ..'"''JUST A FEW PLACES LEFT IN OURMcDOUGALL KITCHEN CABINET CLUBTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STSm1FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, IfirVMSIt is Time To Be Thinking AboutHeat For the WinterWRIGLEYSft": ?.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.1COAL IS .SCARCEYou will have to depend largely on gas. Wehave a full line of the celebratedWilsonOdorless Heatersto select from, Start early.We will win this warNothing else really matters until we do I(BSdl flinTiirr'irHffrllfll'fll'' IrBJjaalFiQS77ie Flavor LastsSTATE SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATION AT ASHLAND.Preparation is being made at Ashland, for the Kentucky State SundaySchool Association -which will be heldOctober" 8 to 11, 1918.This meeting will be a great eventin the history of Kentucky, as everyresource must be used to help win thewar. The Sunday School is one ofthese resources. It has to do withmaintaining the spiritual morale ofthe country.Men and women of National reputation, will be there, among whomwill be on the program:Rev. S. D. Price, D. D., New YorkCity, Secretary of the World's Sunday School Association; Mrs. MaudeJunkin Baldwin, Chicago, Illinois,Superintendent Elementary Division,International Sunday School Association; Mr. W. C. Pearce, Chicago, Ills.,Field Superintendent, InternationalSunday School Association; Rev. E."W. Halpenny, Toronto, Canada, Education Superintendent InternationalSunday School Association; Mr. J. R.Marcum, Huntington, W. Va., Leaderof Boys; Rev. E. W. Thornton, Cincinnati, Ohio, Writer and Lecturer onSunday School Topics; Miss Martha"W Graham, Wheeling, West Virginia,Elementary Sunday School Worker;Hon. W. C. McCullough, Cleveland,Ohio, American Red Cross Representative.Many State workers will appearon the program, among whom willbe: Rev. J. A. Joplin, State Secretary and J. W. Vaughn, State FieldWorker, and Miss Nannie Lee UTazierand other prominent Kentuckians.Don't miss this meeting, God callsyou, your country calls you, the children of your community call youto come to Ashland and help plan fora bigger and better drive to save thechildren of America. Attend thismeeting in Ashland, it will give younew vim in this crucial time.pa is mBRONCHIAL TROUBLE.Mrs. A. E. Sidenberder, Rockfield,Ind., states: "For an attack ofbronchial trouble which usually assails me in the spring I find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the onlything that gives me relief. Afterusing it for a few days all signs ofbronchial trouble disappears."(adv-oct)The Hardiest Palm.The hardiest palm at all common itCalifornia's Trachycarpus excelsns,known as the windmill palm. Notalone is it hardy in withstanding lowtemperatures, but it is tough and willendure rough treatment.PostumGood Friend of theCoffee DrinkerCoffee often disagreeswith the bes-b of us"When you find it wise tostop coffee for a few dayson account of disturbed digestion or too much' nervesVswitch to Postum and notethe result.Manv people who love theircoffee follow this plan withexcellent results.Postum comes in two forms:Postum Cereal which must beboiled.and Instant Postum,made in the cup in a momentThey are equally deliciousand the cost per cup is aboutthe same."There's atfeason"irr'J-K&-v?HIBffBmS H MB SBBbBbBBBiII 111 BIIjiimwiBBBBBBBBBBBBBKra j&WtflH 3h9 3 E9 s B8 SISSSh HSa SSSIIIHflHHmGOVERNOR JAMES B. M'CREARY.FORMER GOVERNOR McCREARYPASSES OVER GREAT DIVIDE.RICHMOND, KY., Oct. 8. JamesB. McCreary, twice Governor ofKentucky, six years a Representativeof his State in the United States Senate and for several consecutive termsa member of the lower house of Congress, died at his home here to-dayafter a brief illness.Mr. McCreary was 80 years old.He was a member of the fiftieth,fifty-first, fifty-second, fifty-third andfifty-fourth Congresses and was elected to the United States Senate in1902. His first election as Governorof Kentucky was in. 1875. Thirtysix years later he was again a successful candidate for the same office.He was formerly president of theAmerican Peace Society and was adelegate to the peace conference atThe Hague some years ago.He had the distinction of havingoccupied a place of prominence in theaffairs of the State for a length. oftime probably not exceeded by anyqnan in the history of the commonwealth. "Who's Who" says of him:"James Bennett McCreary, UnitedStates Senator, Kentucky, 1903-9;birth place, Madison County, Ky.,July, 1838, son of E. R. and S. B.McCreary, graduate Center College,Ky., 1857, in law, Cumberland University, Tenn., 1859, married 1867,Kate Hughes, served in C. S. A.,1862-5 as Major and LieutenantColonel, cavalry, under Morgan andBreckinridge, member KentuckyHouse of Representatives, 1869,1871, 1873, (Speaker, 1871-3), Governor of Kentucky, 1875-9, delegateto International Monetary Conference at Brussels 1891, member Congress 1885-95."INELUENZA SWEEPING COUNTRYWITH INCREASING RAPIDITY.-tet caWASHINGTON, Oct. 8. Sweeping westward with increasing rapidity fgfa " ii5 Vf "J;t, ;r,flar,o onon,;n ,- J To a v, So they called it "influenzaending Saturday night claimed theheaviest toll of victims and deathsamong the American troops in armycamps and stations that has yet beenrecorded in a single day.The number of new cases of influenza reached the high total of17,383. This shows an increase ofnearly 5,000 more than reported forthe previous 24 hours. The new casesof pneumonia numbered 2,141,whereas the figures for the day before were 1,854.The deaths reported aggregated643, which is the largest number ofcasualties from the disease by morethan 250 in any single twenty-four-hourperiod since the beginning ofthe contagion.The reports received at the officeof the Surgeon General further indicate that the malady already has developed most threatening proportionsin the Middle West and is rapidlyapproaching the Pacific Coast.For the time being the nationalmenace presented by the epidemic hascaused the Surgeon General of thearmy, the United States PublicHealth Service and the Red Cross tobe placed in practical command ofAmerica s war activities.Their combined energies, extending from the national capital in anation-wide health and sanitationwarfare against the spread of themalady, are being directed to accomplish these three major purposes:1. To keep up the supply ofAmerican troops to General Pershingin undiminished numbers.2. To maintain without diminution the vast war work being carriedon at the shipping yards, munitionsplants and kindred industries.3. To safeguard the health of thecivilian population so as to preventany undue interference with the general "win-the-war" program, including the fourth liberty loan, in whichthe high-spirited co-operation ofevery citizen is vital.With respect to the first mainproblem General March, Chief ofStaff, made the gratifying public announcement Saturday that there hasbeen no reduction in the number orspeed with which our re-enforcementsfor General Pershing are being sentacross the sea."The shipping of American troopsduring the last month," said GeneralMarch, "has continued over 250,000despite the general epidemic of influenza all over the country, in military camps as well as in civil life. Insending men abroad we are selectingmen who have neither had the diseasenor been exposed to it. This hasmade necessary some readjustments,but the flow of troops is, as I havestated, over 250,000 for the pastmonth."General March further announcedthat the entire number of troops embarked from the United States is nowmore than 1,850,000.Calls for assistance were receivedfrom Chicago, Minneapolis and othercities of the Middle West, showng thecourse of the epidemic, and itsfurther rapid progress to the coastis now seriously threatened.Influenza germs that are ravagingthe United States are the descendantsof influenza germs that baffled thedoctors in the year 1403.They appeared first in Italy, anddoctors of that period attributed thedisease to the influence of the stars.Influenza has scourged the worldoften since then.In 1557 the sittings of the Parislaw courts were suspended on accountof it; in 1427 sermons in churcheswere suspended because of the sneezing and coughing; m 1510 massescould not be sung.There were epidemics of influenzain 1580, 1676, 1703, 1732 and 1737,and when they stopped earthquakesand volcanic eruptions were given thecredit. Descriptions of the symptomscorrespond exactly to the symptomspresent in influenza victims today.After a long rest, influenza reappeared suddenly in 1899. Althoughscattered epidemics were reported mCentral Asia, Canada and Greenland,in May of that year, and the diseasestarted its march around the world inthe middle of October from Tomskin Siberia, and, therefore, becameknown as Russian influenza.By the end of October it reachedPetrograd. During November all ofRussia became affected and caseswere reported in Paris, Berlin andLondon. By December all of Europewas in the clutches of influenza andalso a large area of the United States.The back of the epidemic was notbroken in Europe and the UnitedStates until March, 1800, but it continued its progress around the world.By the end of the year it had traversed the entire globe.Buy MORE BondsMICKIE SAYSNO, SR , MCWAEL O'BRIENNOU CANT QrO DOWN tu iwc .-TRUN TO GWHER NENNSITEMS FOR. -VHE PA?ER,FORNOU'RE aONx TO CHURCHWfH ME, SHOULD -fHtsv;VOU'O OCT ENOUOrH OP THATPRNTNCr OPPCE DORVNG-THE VMEEVC WITHOUT HAVINGXX ON NOOR WUND AAA.v OAN SUMQNK VVX- ,-MARLCfftSvfrHftotir;LOWRY& MAYTO THEFARMERSof Bourbon CountyWe Invite All Farmers ofBourbon County to Seethe WonderfulGLEVELAINDTRACTORIf you are interested in better and.more economical farming, come inand see what this little wonderis doing for others.We Can Demonstrateit to You Any DayC. S. BALL GARAGEGor. Fourth and Pleasant Sts.Prompt Payment of TelephoneBills a Patriotic Duty.Good business practice demands the prompt paymentOf bills. This, however, is not the reason you should payyour telephone bills promptly, since we are under thecontrol of the United States Government. There is apatriotic duty involved.Will you not, then, aid us in operating thisproperty economically and efficiently by paying your bills promptly?PARIS HOME TELEPHONETELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)J. J. VEATCH,District ManagerW. H. CANNON.local ManagerSend that Next Job of Printing to TheBourbon News. Best Work; Right Prices: .s-iit1V-yRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1918.THE BOUBBOH NEWS, PAEIS, KNTTTCKY.f-vS wtixf'piGiSETnr9Yes I EverybodyTakes CascaretsOnly 10 cents! Harmlesscathartic for sluggishliver and bowelsFeel bully! Cheer up! Take Cascarets to liven your liver and cleant&e bowels and stop headaches, biliousness, bad breath, coated tongue,sallowness, sour stomach and gases.To-night take Cascarets and enjoythe nicest, gentlest liver and bowjelcleansing you ever experienced.frake up feeling grand Everybody'sdoing it. Cascarets best laxative forcluldren. They gladly take thispleasant candy cathartic because itnever gripes or sickens like otherthings. (adv)IS fi s- Buy MORE BondsWfiat Makes the Rumble of Thunder?Why does thunder rumble? The pathof a lightning flash through the airmay be several miles in length. Allalong this path the sudden expansionof the heated air a true explosionsets up an atmospheric wave whichspreads in all directions and eventually registers upon our ears as thunfler.Since the lightning discharge is almostInstantaneous, the sound wave is produced at very nearly the same timealong the whole path. But the soundirave travels slowly through the air.Its speed is approximately 1,090 feetper second. Thus the sound from thepart of the lightning's path that isnearest to us reaches us first, and thatfrom other parts of the path afterward, according to their distance. Intermittent clashes and booming effectsare due chiefly to irregularities in theshape of the path. Popular ScienceMonthly.Buy MORE BondsBAD BREATHDr. Edwards Olive Tablets GeEat the Cause and Remove ItDr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel, act gently on the bowelsand positively do the work,j People afflicted with bad breath findouick relief through Dr. EdwardsOlive Tablets. The pleasant, sugarcoated tablets are taken for bad breathhy all who know them. "' Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act gentlybut firmly on the bowels and liver,stimulating them to natural action,clearing the blood and gently purifyingthe entire system. They do that whichdangerous calomel does without anyof the bad after effects. 1.-All the benefits of nasty, sickening,griping cathartics are derived from Dr.Edwards Olive Tablets without griping,pain or any disagreeable effects.Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered theformula after seventeen years of practice among patients afflicted withbowel and liver complaint; with theattendant bad breath.Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are purelya vegetable compound mixed with oliveoil; you will know them by their olivecolor. Take one or two every night fora week and note the effect 10c and 25cper box. All druggists.TheCommunication ArmyA bird's-eye view of the country today,would show a mighty panorama of military and industrial activities.Radiating'. and from the army and navy centersthroughout the land would appear the thousandsof telephone lines by which all these vast enterprises are directed and co-ordinated a veritablemaze of wires linking together the camps, yards,fortifications, plants and offices, and swarmingwith linemen, cablemen and installers, busy withUncle Sam's existing and ever-increasing demandsfor telephone service,'All this is but a part of the vast work whichthe Bell system is doing, but among the unforeseen conditions which the war has imposed uponus is the necessity of practically suspending thecommercial development of our business.Confronted with an abnormal increase in theuse of the telephone and an unprecedented demandfor new and additional service, we cannot acceptor fill orders except subject practically to an indefinite delay. This situation is due to the inwportanoe of conserving our supplies so that thegovernment's requirements may be promptly metat any time a request is made.At a time like this, we believe the public williappreciate a frank statement of the situation andwin join us in our efforts to serve the governmentfirst and efficiently.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedGALLS OH FARMERS10 BACK UPGRANGE HEAD SEES BONDSONLY MEDIUM THROUGHWHICH PEACE MAYBE HAD.ASBy L. J. Tabor,Master Ohio State Grange.Wo are in the midst of the greatestfinancial task of history. A task thatwill test the patriotism and tax ,tosome degree the resources of the nation, but a task that can and will begloriously accomplished.Upon the farmers of the nationrests a heavy responsibility. The production of the food necessary to winthe war Is wholly upon the shouldersof the tillers of the soil. He mustalso do his full duty in providing thesinews of war that are so vital tovictory.More than eighty thousand sons offarmers in this district are wearingthe uniform of their country. Thousands more will soon be in camp. Tohelp protect his loved ones, to support the country whose Institutionshave blessed him, to shorten the period of bloodshed and to hasten victory every farmer In the Fourth Federal Reserve district should purchaseLiberty Bonds to the very limitLet there be no slacker dollars Inthe hands of our farmers. Let usmake our motto for the Fourth Liberty Loan Drive "Another bond inevery farm home in the district'The organized farmers have earnestly striven to respond to every request and every call of the government Let every grange member andevery farmer render all possible assistance to the cause so near to thehearts of all. The successful termination of the great bond drive now onwill be one more indication that thesacrifice and suffering of the presentwill soon terminate in Victory andPeace.Is Uncle Sam's CreditAs Good As Kaiser's?Did yon know that Germany hadlaunched her Ninth War LoanTShe did recently. She offers itat 5 per cent She probably willraise all she asks.It is in our hands to show Germany with the Fourth Liberty Loanjust what the difference is betweenGermans and Americana.Buy MORE BondsMS,vfrom the National CapitolSONEEMARKABLE DELIVERANCE OFJUDGE MAKES'CLEAR MEANING OF LOYALTY(Continued from' Page 1)would try to build up inside of yourself a whole group of feelings forthe1 United States the same as youfelt towards the Fatherland whenyou left Germany. Thprp hnvp Viona good many Germans before me intne last month. It has been an impressive trial. They have lived inthis country, like yourself, ten, twenty, thirty, fortv years ! and thpy hnrito give their evidence through an interpreter. Ana as I looked at-themand tried as best I could to understand them, there was written allover every one of them, "Made inGermany." American life had notdimmed that mark in the least. Itstood there as bright and fresh asthe inscription upon a new coin. Ido not blame you and these menalone. I blame myself. I blapne mycountry. We urged you to come."We welcomed you; we gave you opportunity; we gave you land; we conferred upon you the diadem ofAmerican citizenship and then weleft you. We paid no attention towhat you have been doing.And -now the world war has throwna searchlight upon our national life,and what have we discovered? Wefind all over these United States, ingroups, little Germanies, little Italics, little Australian, little Norways,little Russias. These foreign peoplehave thrown a circle about themselves, and, instead of keeping theoath they took that they would tryto grow American souls inside ofthem, they have studiously striven toexclude everything American and tocherish everything foreign. A clevergentlejman wrote a romance called"America, the Melting Pot." It appealed to our vanity, and through allthese years we have been seeingromance instead of fact. That isthe awful truth. The figure of mycountry stands beside you to-day. Itsays to me: Do not blame this manalone. I am partly to blame. Punish him for his offense, but let himknow that I see things in a new light,that a new era has come. Punishhipn to teach him, and the like ofhim, and all those who have beenmisled by him and his like, that achange has come; that there mustbe an interpretation anew of theoath of allegiance. It has been inthe past nothing but a formula ofwords. From this time on it mustbe translated into living charactersincarnate in the life of every foreigner who has his dwelling place in ourmidst. If they have been cherishing foreign history, foreign ideals,foreign loyalty, it must be stopped,and they must begin at once, all overagain, to cherish American thought,American history, American ideals.That means something that is to bedone in your daily life. It does notmean simply that you will not takeup arms against the United States.It goes deeper far than that. Itmeans that you will live for theUnited States, and that you willcherish and grow American souls inside of you. It means that you willtake down from the walls of yourhomes the picture of the Kaiser andput up the picture of Washington;that you will take down the pictureof Bismarck and hang up the picture of Lincoln. It means that youwill begin to sing American songs;that you will begin earnestly to studyAmerican history; that you will begin to open your lives through everyavenue to the influence of Americanlife. It means that you will beginfirst of all to learn English, the language of this country, so that theremay be a door into your souls throughwhich American life may enter.I am not so simple as to entertainthe idea that racial habits and qualities can be put aside by the will ina day, in a year, in a generation; butbecause that is difficult is all the morereason why you should get about itand quit cherishing a foreign life.If half the effort had been put forthin these foreign communities to buildup an American life in the hearts ofthese foreign-born citizens that hasbeen put forth to perpetuate a foreign life, our situation would havebeen entirely different from what itis to-day. You have violated youroath of allegiance in this: You havecherished foreign ideals 'and tried tomake them everlasting. That is thebasic wrong of these thousands of lit-islands of foreigners that havebeen formed through our whole limits, that, instead of trying to buna upan American life in them, they havestriven studiously from year to yearto stifle American life and to makeforeigness perpetual. That is disloyalty. And the object, one of thebig objects, of this serious proceeding in this court, and other like proceedings in other courts, is to givenotice that they must be stopped.I have seen before jmy eyes anotherday of judgment. When we getthrough with this war, and civil libertv is made safe once more uponthis earth, there is going to be a dayof iudement in these United States.Foreign-born citizens and the institutions which have cherished foreignness are going to be brought to thejudgment bar of this Republic. Thatday of judgment looks more to meto-day like the great Day of Judgment than anything that I havethought of for many years. There ism'n(r r Ho RPnnralinti rvn that, davof1 the sheep from the goats. Everyinstitution that has been engaged inthis business of making foreignessperpetual in the United States willhave to change or cease. That is going to cut deep, but it is coming.I recognize the right of foreignborn citizens to hear their religion, ifthey cannot understand it in English, spoken to them in the tonguethat they can understand. If theyhave not yet acquired enough English to read, they are entitled to havea paper that shall speak to them thelanguage that they can understand.I cannot go further than that. Andthis is the capital thing that is goingto be settled on that day of judgment, namely, thatthe right to thosethings is temporary, and it cannotbe enjoyed by anybody who is notwilling to regard it as temporaryand to set about earnestly makingthe time of that enjoyment as short'as possible. That means a fundamental revision of these foreignchurches. No freedom of t.h arsin these United States. It won't protect any press or any church which.while it is trying to meet a temporary need, does not set itself earnestly about the business of makingthat temDorarv situation inst ntemporary as possible, and not making it, as has been true in the uastjust as near perpetual as possible.Men who are not willing- to do thatwill have to choose. If they preferto cherish foreign ideals, they willfind, if necessary, we will cancelevery certificate of citizenship in.these United States. The FederalGovernment has power to deal withthat subject and it is going to dealwith it. Nothing else than thatsurely can be possible. And the object of the sentence which I pronounce upon you to-day is not aloneto punish you for the disloyalty ofwhich you have been guilty, but toserve notice upon you, and the likeof you, and all of the groups of people in this district who have beencherishing foreignness, that the endof that regime has come. It is a callto every one of you to set aboutearnestly the growing of an American soul inside of you.The Court finds and adjudges thatyou are guilty under each count ofthe indictment, and as a punishmenttherefor it is further adjudged thatyou be imprisoned in the FederalPenitentiary at Leavenworth for theterm of three years. The sentencesimder thfi ft. counts 0f the indict-under the three counts of the indictment are to run concurrently and notsuccessively.fe feCATAMtH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of the disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takean internal remedy. Hall's CatarrhMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucoussurfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine was prescribed byone of the best physicians in thiscountry for years. It is composed ofsome of the best tonics known, combined with some of the best bloodpurifiers. The perfect combination ofthe ingredients in Hall's CatarrhMedicine is what produces such, wonderful results in catarrhal conditions.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.All Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct), mikSAVE THE PEACH STONES, PITSAND SlLtiliLS.A request has been issued by theUnited States Food Administrationto save all peach stones, prune pits,date seeds, Brazil nut shells, plum"pits, apricot pits, walnut shells,olive pits, butternut shells, cherrypits and other such refuse.Merchants have been applied, to bythe Food Administration to help thissaving. They have been asked tohave receptacles placed in theirstores, accompanied by a sign orplacard calling attention to the Government's request. A box has beenplaced by Dr. and Mrs. Frank M.Faries, in front of the law office ofJudge Harmon Stitt, on Broadway,and others should be placed at convenient places throughout the cityfor the same purpose.The Government gives this reasonfor asking the saving of stones, etc.:"Only the best gas masks will saveour soldiers from a painful death.These masks cannot be made withoutgood charcoal. Wpod charcoal hasproved deficient. The necessarycharcoal can be made from the shellsand pits indicated above. Enormousquantities of these are needed atonce. The Government needs everyone of these stones and pits and musthave them immediately. Everyone isearnestly urged to help in this workby saving and storing the stones andpits."Buy MORE Bondsva la aCAN NOW EAT ANDCOMPORT.SLEEP INIf troubled with indigestion orsleeplessness you should read whatMiss Agnes Turner, Chicago, 111., hasto say: "Overwork, irregular mealsand carelsness regarding the ordinaryrules of health, gradually underminded it until last fall I became awreck of my former self. I sufferedfrom continual headache, was unableto digest my food, which seemed tolay as a dead weight on my stomach.I was very constipated and my complexion became dark, yellow andmuddy as I felt. Sleeplessness wasadded to my misery, and I wouldawake as tired as when I went tosleep. I heard of Chamberlain's Tablets and found such relief after taking them that I kept up the treatmentfor, nearly two months. They cleansed my stomach, invigorated my system, and since that time I can eat andsleep in comfort. I am to-day entire-ly wen( adv-oct)Careful of Speech."Is the faculty of your college wellorganized?" "Very. We haven't asingle professor who would dare tomake a statement of fact without firsthaving it approved by a trust magnateor a corporation lawyer." Life.Buy MORE BondsA BEAUTEETIX WOMANDo you know that a beautiful woman always has a good digestion? Ifyour digestion is faulty, eat light ofmeats, and take an occasional dose ofChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenyour digestion. Price 25c.(adr-oct)HpKEEP YOUR SHOESNEffrlHBBBI .BBBBaW .BBbY BBBBBbBi11 ' SHOE JI POLISHES mBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, ProprietorsTelephone No. 4 West Fifh Streetxr5r---n 2ss """" e JtlsiI "RbbBW??I ZDJT :JThe Bourbon Laundry-Paris,A MAN AND HIS WIFESuit li l"'1LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40IXXiIX:GEO. W. DAVIS !FUNERAL DIRECTORMotor Equipment . ,jjBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, K N II " ". ' " " ' ' ' ' 7" ' mj - p j u mjt "M m . - ' m w JBCAHAL BROS.BABBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHSDo You NeedGlasses?Let us make a thorough, scieatificexamination of your eyes, based onethical grounds, not to rerommenaclasses unless you need them. Askyourself these questions: "Do I haveheadaches, nervous spells, drawn,tired eyes? Does type sometimesblur? Do I see spots before my eyes?"Answer fairly and squarely, for yourown good, for over-strain repeatedlyday by day will DreaK down tne delicate nerves and muscles of the eyesand irreparable injury may result.Our years of experience insures accurate results.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinSuite 205-6 First National Bank,Both Phones, ' - Paris, Ky.sXxIIIKIXIXIXIXIXIXIXIXISATISFACTIONOUR WATCHWORD!With all the latest improvements in laundry appliancesand expert helpers we areprepared to do work mfe--.. nor to none, and solicityour patronage.Kentuckyj may both derive saiisfaction1 by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes "thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatj ving, must surely satisfy you.J A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692brighter;EVENINGSNothing adds to the pleasuresof a home, or makes life moreworth living, than a 'Well illuminated house.9seGlectriciiyTor EigMing .--.WfAmjgLIt's the only satisfactory wiyvfe?!use SetsTor dealing and CookHiIt's the only sensible plan.Let Us Fix You UpFor the Use of StthElectricity and Gas.Paris Gas &Betfric'Cv(Iitnrati)'-"'$3-iHj- i , . - - f? -r"TPE.BOURB0N NEWS, PARIS, KY.- ! a9FRIDAY, 'OCTOBERnfi EIGHT.?n.-a''-"Jtt .rvyfl t ; .?V- BUtLERSBURG. .,u ? .XA ' 'Jta' &V" c-Mrs. W, G, Daileyimproyes slow-Mrs. R. G. Borner is. ill -with thei lLkgrippe. -.-,, -Mrs. J. C i Leer is confined to her)'.,;,, .Hiss Marguerite W. 'Allen leftV'.'i. 'Wednesday for Martha Washington;v College Washington, D. C- ' ' 4 . ' t! llf r. R. B." McWhorter, of Lexing-, tqn,.is auite ill at the. home of hisy jdjiughtef, Mrs. Emmett ;Mastin. .'' :lD: P.. Jones, M.'E. Pruitt andC.' V,,W. ,Corrington, have returned after''.few davs business trip to Cincin-, !; J Mrs. G. W. Judy returned Weds Miesday after a several days' visit to'Jier nephew, Mr. F. J. Savage and: ' Jrfife, at Paris.n Miss Folsom McGuire," principal' of the Graded School, returned to herJiome 'at Lexington, Tuesday, whereshe will remain until the school is, ordered .to reopen.' ".' , Miss Mary Miller returned to her' ome at Atlanta, Ga., Tuesday, after:' w: protracted visit to her brother, Dr.' .W, M. Hitter, and family. She was. Ripcompanied by her brother, Mr.' !&3ttnond Miller, of Pueblo, Colo.,who has been in .the Miller home forla week. -Mrs. G. R. Huffman, of CampSill,' 'Okla., arrived Saturday as theguest of her aunt, Mrs. O. M. Johnson. JKeut, Huffman is taking at special three weeks course in training tiamp in Michigan, after which heihopps to get a short furlough for a; ,jfew days visit with relatives in Mil-Jersburg. He will then return to Campi SiJi, 'accompanied by his wife.; ', tThe Millersburg Graded School; telosed Tuesday. The M. C. hasv 'cmarantined against all day students.:t JThe boarding students will keep up-their .classes. The M. M. I. has quarantined against everyone, no one is' allowed to leave or enter the grounds.&, .Majestic picture theatre is closed.There will be no services or schoolsan tKe. churches on Sunday. No lodge' ineeting,next week. Everyone is doing' all they can to assist in stamping out-.fche.much-dreaded"flu."he Millersburg Military Institute is free of all kinds of sickness.iColl ' Best began last week to takeevery precaution. He has dismissedall' day pupils is keeping all boardSiig cadets, teachers and servants onJthe grounds, has the doctor lookpromptly after every incipient coldor " minor indisposition. Miss Margaret Woods, the well known trainedjmrse, -inhere to be on hand in caseof necessity. The grounds and buildings tare, in thorough sanitary condition? Every precaution is being.taken. All visitors and parents arerequested to keep away. Should any.cases1 of influenza develope parentswill be notified at once. Col. Best'Relieves with the hearty co-operationof students, servants, faculty and parents, the school may escape. At leastiio efforts will be spared to that. end.' V life's fitful lever for another yomigw uau.iui. ojcawxv. v...-...0 i.Scouts draped the. grave witn American flags. 'f!onntv officials, members of theDEATHS. -x r,,- PENDLETON.The funeral of Hattie VirginiaPendleton,"aged ten months, who diedMondav at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Spears -Pendleton, -washeld Tuesday morning at ten o'clock.Services were conducted at the gravein the 'Paris Cemetery by Rev- W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris ChristianChurch.. YOUNG.Miss Nettie E. Young, aged thirtytwo, died of pneumonia, in Cincinnati, Wednesday. She was a sister orMrs. "W; F. Carter, of Paris. She issurvived, besides her sister Mrs. Car-Bourbon County Draft Board andTYimViPrs of- the Patriotic Citizens'(League, attended the. funeral, as di'dVlarge xepreseniaxioii ui wuiwia xiumGeorgetown, Paris and every precinctin the county.' ' ADAIR.A telegram was received here yesterday by Mrs. Leer Stout from thehospital authorities at Camp ZacharyTaylor,, announcing the death in theBase v Hospital there of Charles D.Adair, formerly of Paris, of Spanishinfluenza, after a short illness.The body will be brought from thecamp to the home of his grandmother,Mrs. Candace Smith, on SeventhStreet todav. The funeral arrangements had not been completed lastter. by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. F.today.JONES.Elmer Jones, aged thirty-seven,was killed in Cynthiana by a fallfrom a buggy, his skull being fractured. He was a son of Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Jones, of Cynthiana, and abrother of Mrs. Luther Smith, ofParis.The funeral was held in CynthianaWednesday with services conductedthe familv lot in the Paris Cemetery.Mr. Adair was the youngest son ofMrsr'Alma Adair, formerly of Paris.His -father, Mr. Albert C. Adair, wasfor years manager of the WesternUnion Telegraph Co., and City Clerkof Paris.. Young Adair had made hishome in Cincinnati for several years,Jwhere he had been engaged in business with large concern. His elderbrother, Mr. Bruce Adair, precededhim to the errave several years ago.He enlisted in the army service whileby Rev. J. P. Strother. The burial : in Cincinnati and was sent to Campfollowed in Battle Grove Cemetery, atCynthiana.POWELL.The funeral -of Mrs. TrinnieFritts Powell, who died at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.Clark Fritts, in Lexington, was heldTuesday morning. Services were heldat the grave in the Paris Cemetery,the funeral party coming on a- specialinterurban car. Dr. J. M. Walker,,of Lexington, conducted the services.The pallbearers were: W. S. Bacon,(Thomas Edister,, Lewis Young, H. H.Jones, Bruce Jones and E. E. West.Mrs. Powell's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Fritts, formerly resided in Paris.Zachary Taylor. He was a quiet,studious but energetic young man,with a host of friends here whosincerely mourn his passing.BUTLER.Private Grover Butler, agedtwenty-seven, a son of Mr. and Mrs.W. 0.. Butler, of Paris, died in theBase Hospital at Camp Meade, Md.,Tuesday morning at three o'clock, after a short illness due to Spanish influenza. The information of PrivateButler's death came to relatives inParis in a telegram from Mr. W. O.Butler, who was present at his son'sbedside when the. end came.Private Butler answered his country's call in the early summer following the tragic death of his wifewho was burned to death by the explosion of an oil stove at their homeSPEARS.The body of Mr3. Helen WilliamsSpears, widow of the late Mr. Wm. F. 'opears, xormeny oi x-ans, wno aiea n -pQ,-c Mr -Rfl ,tto,o11 ovin Chattanooga, Tenn., Sunday, ar- lpninftT1 '-InimR nA WflR nnnonto, ArtT i--".- - - :that time he had closed out his liverybusiness and was engaged m farming.rived in Paris Tuesday, and was takento the Paris Cemetery. Services wereheld at the grave in the Paris Cemetery Tuesday morning conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the PansChristian Church. The pallbearerswere: John Spears, Woodford Spears,James Daugherty", Charles StephensSr q S nery i - ad many warm friends in the cityMrs. Spears was formerly Missus ,,,. v, ruv JLWOTTLD HAT WAR "GOSSIP.(Rocky Mountain News.)In some of the knitting circles ofthe country a rule has been established that when a knitter speaksconcerning anything except the' workin ha-nd she must pay a fine of 5cents. We think this is altogethertoo hard !a rule and that it shouldbe modified to- the extent of makingan offender pay only when she 'gossips about something which mayhurt the country a-nd help the enemy.Several of the departments of tlieGovernment, as they- are constitutedin war time, are bending their effortsto stop the kind of gossip which hurtsthe cause of the country. - The ladieswith the usual God bless themhave been offenders In this respect,while the men, without any particular blessing for them, have kept themtongue clacking company. The Committe on Public Information, whichalso is an American PropagandaCojmmittee, has felt; it necessary tourge and urge again that no depressing stories be told in sewing circles or elsewhere, and that no heartbe allowed to tire, even though itsbeating keeps time to the needleclicking off ten miles of knitting.fe ?s fsSOMEBODY LIED.1 it i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiili i u n i n 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 ii i n h i iiiniHe was reclassified in the draft andwent to Ft. Thomas with a contingentof draftees from Bourbon County.From there he was transferred toICamp Meade, Md. He was a youngman of many sterling qualities and.Helen Williams, of Paris, a sister ofithe late Col. Sam Williams, for many.years associate editor of the Paris(St. Louis Republic.)One of the favorite excuses of theGerman military critics for the defeats which the German army is suffering is that the German commandmiscalculated the number of Foch'sreserves and some of them say plainly that the high conlmand underestimated the extent " of the Americancontribution to that reserve.In this country it has been thetheory all along that the Germanarmy heaquarters knew all about theAmericans and had them counted tothe man. The stories they told theGerman people about the insignificance of American intervention wereset dow.n as, deliberate falsehoodsdesigned to keep -up the spirit of thenation. .Is it really true that Hindenburgand Ludendorff were deceived andthat they did not believe the UnitedStates could land or had landed ananmy in Fran'ce?If so, then who has been lying toHindenburg and Ludendorff?and county who heard with sincereregret the news of his death.He is survived by his parents, Mr.and Mrs. W. 0. Butler, five brothers,Ie fSS'SL. B"Lher??: 'Richard,' pavid', Elihu 'and Theodoredence in Paris she resided at theSpears home on Mt. Airy Avenue.She was a highly cultured woman,Kone whose friends and acquaintanceswere numbered by the score. She issurvived by six children, five daughters and one son.&ED CROSS NOTES-rHavingta'd orders from headquarters to continue lthe war work until "we have instructions ' to stop, we will work onsurgical dressings on Tuesday andWednesday afternoons at 2 o'clock.3?lease do not come if you have . a6old. '. .Anyone sewing, on hospitalpajamas, please bring to theCLARK.William Preston Clark, agedtwenty-four, a cousin of Messrs.Omar and Foster Lytle, of Paris, diedin the Base Hospital at Camp Meade,Md., Monday, after a short illness ofSpanish influenza. He was a nativeof Fleming County, a son of Mr. andMrs. Howard Clark, of near Mt.- Carmel, in that county.Young Clark entered the serviceof his country about two months ago,work being a member of the draft conting-room. ' A box of knitting will be en from Fleming County that wasshipped on Oct. 15. Bring articlesto Mrs. C. B. Smith. The Governoris asking for 5,000 tons of tin tomeet .the immediate industrial needs.If ypu" have any of the following,fcring, same to the work room at M.C: Platinum, tinfoil, leadfoil, combination foil, old pewter artislescollapsible tubes, such as old toothTfaste tubes, (tin cans not wanted.)fEhe Red Cross is also collecting ma-jcenais to oe usea m xne manuiacfcire of -carbon, any of the following,f sound, no matter how old, will beaccepted, if brought to the workroom at M. C. : Peach stones, apricot,prune, plum, olive, cherry pits, dateseeds, Brazil walnuts, English walnuts, 'hickory nuts, and butter nutshells. ., , . 19 & fK. lfATRTMONTAT,.V4sent to Camp Zachary Taylor. Fromthere he was transferred to CampMeade, Md., where he contracted thedisease which brought about hisdeath. He was married on June 24to Miss Mary Armyl Cornish, of Jessamine County, a former student atBourbon College in this city. Mrs.Clark only recently concluded a visitto friends and relatives in this cityand county.He is survived by his wife Mrs.Mary A. Clark; his parents, Mr. andMrs. Howard Clark, of Mason County; one brother, Mr. Elmo Clark, ofIllinois, and one sister, Mrs. Arnold,of Fleming County.The body was shipped from CampMeade to his old home. The funeralwas held at Mt. Carmel,"in FlemingCounty, yesterday, with militaryhonors paid at the grave in the Mt.Carmel Cemetery. Mr. Omar G.Lytle and Mr. Foster Lytle, both ofParis, attended the funeral andButler, all of Bourbon County, andHenry Butler, of Latonia; three sisters, Mrs. John Butler, of Covington,Mrs. J. Jj. Butler, of Frankfort, andMrs. W. H. Sharp, of Lexington.In' paying the supreme sacrificein the service of his country thename of Grover Butler will be addedto that roll of honor of patriots whohave done their full duty and whosesacrifice to disease rather than in theheat of battle renders them none theless dear in memory to those whoremain.Inforpnation was received here yesterday stating that the body would beshipped from the Ca,mp to Paris, leading there late yesterday afternoon:and probably arriving here tonight.The funeral arrangements have notbeen completed.te fe IBsThe J.vT. Hinton CoJUNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 3GNlBht : . . 56or Home 286'Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our;9yiMyyyit-yii mini fLABOR'S SHABE IN WAK.BASEBALL PLAYERS WEARMASKS.GASAmerican soldiers are wearing gasmasks when they play base ball overseas. Both players and spectatorswore gas masks at a game recentlyarranged by the Army Y. M. C. A.Physical Directors in France. Theybrought bats and balls by auto truckto the jmen in the front line inFrance.(Pittsburg Gazette Times.)Though the German Emperor surpassed himself in hypocrisy when addressing the workmen at the Kruppmunitions factories, his speech con-1tained much that should be weighedby every American. At the bottomthe Kaiser pleaded with labor of allkinds to stand behind his' armies andexert themselves to the last ounce oftheir power that victory might beachieved by the German sword. Heconfessed absolute dependence of thecountry ondte loyal workmen. Ifthey fail for, any reason to performtheir allotted tasks Germany will losethe war. How' serious is the urirestajmong the workers may be judgedfrom the appearance of the Kaiser inthe shops. What effect his plea willhave remains to be demonstrated.But the fact for our contemplation isthat, exactly to the extent that theGerman arjmies depend on the support of all kinds of Tabor at home, sodo the American armies depend onlabor in the United States to backthem up and make it possible forthejm to drive on against the enemyuntil he is crushed. We are all warworkers, however we may be placed,or we are disloyal. It is countryagainst country, people against people. Every American must do hispart toward winning the war or hewill help Germany win it. ;1 to 1Buy MORE Bonds51 m mCOW TIES TAIL IN TREEHarold Kirk, a farmer living southof. Belief ountafn, Pa., missed one ofhis best vcows at evening milkingtime. Next morning he went to apiece of woodland bordering the pasture "field and found sookey tied fastto a sailing by her tail. She hadevidently been switching flies and hertai? caught around the sapling insuch a way she could not pull it loose.She had been3 fast eighteen hours and.was almost famished, but with proper handling soon recovered.Buy MORE BondsaBuy MORE BondsPROTESTS TOO MUCHburial.to to 15. ... , FISHER DIEHk.. Wss Elizabeth Fisher, daughterjof. M-c. and Mrs. Charles Fisher, ofnear jParjs, and Mr. Emil Diehl, ofViewport, were married recently atjtho jClotpus Christi Church in Newport. ,The bride is an attractive youngjsfoman, with many friends in this cityfcnd county. The groom is engaged inbusiness in Newport.: McKEE DICKERSON.r Rev. W. E. Eliis, pastor of theFans Christian' Church, officiated at asurprise wedding Tuesday night, whenJie pronounced the ceremony thatunited Miss Daisy McKee, of this city,nd Cdrporal Chas. Dickerson, of the'Aberdeen Proving Grounds, nearHa,vre de Grace, Md., in marriage.Tle ceremony was performed atthe hoine of the bridegroom's parents,He and Mrs, B. R. Dickerson, on.Pleasant4 Street, at 7:30 o'clock, onlyIthe immediate relatives of the bridemud the groom being present as witxiesses.. The bride is the daughter of Mrs.'Amanda1 'McKee, of Paris. For somejtfnre she has been bookkeeper at theplumbing establishment of John J.C$aelley, in which position she madedtriekd. by her courtesy and attention;U business. The groom is the onlyfrep-'o3fr.. and Mrs. Dickerson, and isfftatfened at the Aberdeen Provingrrtmds, in Maryland, where he isi4'tied with the Engineers' Corpsi' -jfcke army service. Before his iniduction into the army he was associated with his 'father in the automoJbiVbosiiiegs in this city. He is aniacpt machinist and fine young man.Otfral and Mrs, Dickerson willwiri a part of .their honeymoon in'.city, being for the present guestsSit tk Dickprsoo. hone.CHINN.Spanish 'influenza claimed another Bourbon County soldier atCamp Taylor, Sunday, when the lifeof Harry H. Ghinn, Jr., of near Centerville, went out in the supreme sacrifice in the service of his country.Young Chinn was a son of Mr. andMrs. Harvey H. Chinn, of Jacksonville, and a young man of greatpromise. He had been engaged infarming before being called to thecolors to which he responded with aglad heart and a willing, patrioticpurpose. He was a member of oneof the Bourbon County draft contingents which went early in theSpring to Camp Taylor, and was inactive training for overseas servicewhen stricken with influenza.The body was brought to ParisTuesday afternoon, and taken to theJ. T. Hinton Co. undertaking establishment," later being taken to thefamily home near Jacksonville. Thefuneral was held at the grave in the.jacKsonviue uemetery Wednesdavafternoon at 2 :30 o'clock with services conducted by Rev. J. R. Jones.The pall-bearers were: J. N. Kendall,J. W. Hawkins, H. C. Patterson, A. K.Hawkins, R .Q. Ward, H. L. Faulkner and Stuart Shropshire.As the casket, covered with a largefloral design representing an American flag resting on a blanket ofsmilax, was borne to the grave, a detachment of Boy Scouts stood at attention while the muffled drums of theLiberty Drum and Bugle Corns beata soldier's tattoo. Hardin Lucas, atthe close of the service, recited thebeautiful song-poem, "Not Dead. JustAway." As the casket .rwas beinglowered into Its last resting placethe solemn notes of "taps" played byWm. M. Talbott. signified the rinse n-FLike the lady of ancient lore, Dr.Bruner protests too much. Thereought not to be any doubt of hisloyalty, but his continual and vehement assertions of it creates the impression that he himself feels thathe must keep it before the people,who, he seems to think, are dubiouson the subject. We are willing toadmit that the doctor is 100 per centloyal, but if he keeps up the racketof assurance, we will begin to thinkthat there are doubts of it. 'J5S ?5l ftlQUEEN GTS KHAKI TESTAMENTQueen Alexandria opened a Y. M.C. A. Hut in London recently and asshe was going from the place she.noticed a pile of khaki Y. M. C. A.Testaments. Picking up one she inquired the price. When- told it wasa shilling she smilingly intimatedshe had not money, r The attendant,however, begged her to accept thebook as a gift and she carried itaway as a memento.to to to.Buy MORE Bondsto to to.'.''"THE AMERICAN'S CREED""I believe in the United Statesof America as a Government ofthe peope, by the people, for thepeople; whose" just powers arederived from the consent of thegoverned; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign nation ofmany sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable;established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for whichAmerican patriots sacrificedtheir lives and fortunes. I,therefore, believe it Is my dutyto my country to love it; tosupport its Constitution; toobey its laws; to respect its flagand to defend it agaiist allenemies."Buy MORE Bonds' -.-nNow is the Time!, " !' r It .Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes NovShoe cost has greatlyadvanced and soon youwill have to pay muchhigher prices. Our pricesare only so low owing" toour system of merchandising buying for cash inunlimited quantities, storing these in .our enormouswarehouse and offeringthem to you ' at but aslight advance on cost to us. We advise' strongly tobuy now while these shoes last.THIS WEEKwe offer the largest and most complete selection of beautiful Fall Shoes at pricesthat can't be duplicated; prices less than they can bejnade for to-day.Don't Put it Off ; Buy Your Shoe Needs Now Ir1l!a&-hl-fitter ,Ladies' Mahogany Tan English tf- r(Boots, calf tops, at pO y VLadies' Dark Grey Boots, Turns, UC CAbest makes, at 1 npO.OVJLadies' Mahogany Tan English jonrBoots, cloth tops to match, 'at- .'. . . . vLadies' Gun Metal English Boots do Qmilitary heel, at '. pO.tVLadies' Gun. Metal, button, o Atlow heel, at ySVMen's Tan English, Best Makes, (.a eMen's Dark Taii'Eng. Walk-Over dcand other famous makes, special. . . v"Menus' Gun Metal Walk-Over, eo lftEnglish $0.4Men's and Boys' E. J. Best Wear- fc aing Shoes, heavy flexible soles v"UBoys' Tan Home Guard Shoes 4o AQBOYS' ANDSCHOOLTHAT WILL WEAR AND WEAR,GIRLS'SHOESBARGAINATPRICESDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign'4LI '7: