.s ..!?, v'THEr &'AVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1918-cBOURBONNEWSIN THE SERVICE OF THEIR, COUNTRY.T17T n-nco nmn rmTAn-PTm n TTC-n 1I XVXjJJ VXIUOO XTUIT li.NUUU.CjJN J. UAUOUOF TROUBLE.Private Douglas Clay, of Campacliary Taylor, who lias been atliome on a furlough visit to his parcuts, Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Clay,has returned to the camp. PrivateClay is a member of the Dr. BarrowBase Hospital Unit No. 40, at CampZachary Taylor.Mr. Ed. R. Eales, of Paris, untilrecently traveling salesman for theArm & Hammer brand of soda, whorecently resigned his position to enlist in Uncle Sam's service, left Wednesday (morning for Camp ZacharyTaylor, where he will go into activetraining.Corporal Russell Caldwell, of Millersburg, who is a member of theDr. Barrow Base Hospital Unit No.40, at Camp Zachary Taylor, nearLouisville, spent this week at homein Millersburg, on a furlough, as aguest of his perents, Mr. and . Mr3.Joseph Caldwell.Miss Edith. Hanna, of Lexington,who is one of the popular trainednurses with the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit No. 40, has returnedto Ft. Oglethrope, Georgia, to resumeher duties. She will join Dr. Barrow's Unit upon sailing for France.Kiss Hanna is a sister of Mrs. Elbridge Snapp, of Paris.Private Lawrence Hill came inWednesday on a furlough from CampShelby, Hattiesburg, Miss., for a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeM. Hill. Private Hill is a member ofCo. B., 113th Battalion, U. S. SignalCorps, composed mainly of Kentuckyboys, Co. B. being largely recruitedfrom Lexington, Paris and otherCentral Kentucky towns.Sergt. Luther Collins, who hasbeen a guest of relatives in Paris andthe county for several days, left lastnight for his new post of duty atCamp Sherman, at Montgomery, Alabama. Sergt Collins will enter theaviation branch of the service. Hehas a fine record, and Bourbon county is proud of him as a fine representative of the county's young manhood. Major Richard ("Tal") Clarkeson of Mrs. Julia Clarke, who hasbeen on special duty with the American forces in the Phillipines for "several years, has been relieved and ordered to the United States for armyservice. Maj. ClarKe wm arrive inSan Francisco this week, and reportfor duty.He is one of the most popular ofar" The Belgian police dog "whiclKwaspurchased at the Red Cross auctionj sale in this city some days ago, byMr. Charlton Clay, and presented toMiss Elizabeth Steele, was the innocent cause of what may be trouble inthe future for the young woman andj others.The dog showed signs of beinsick and was being treated for an offection of the ear by Dr. H. M. Hamilton. While Miss Steele and heruncle, Mr. J. Hal Woodford, wereholding the dog, the animal in someway scratched both on the hand. Instruggling with the dog Dr. HamitJton also received scratches on thehand. An examination was made bylocal physicians, who suspecting thepossible presence of rabies, had thedog killed. His head has been sentto the Pasteur Institute, at BowlingGreen, where an investigation revealed the presence of rabies germ.Miss Steele, Mr. Woodford and Dr.Hamilton were advised by the physicians to take the Pasteur treatment,which they will do at once.'NOTHER BOOTLEGGERPatrolman Geo. M. Hill arrestedGeorge Washington, a colored resident of Ruckerville at midnight ashe alighted from the twelve o'clockcar from Lexington. Washingtonhad a large sack which looked rathersuspicious to the patrolman Whenthe package was opened it was foundto contain a Jarger quantity of boozethan even George Washington couldconsume in a given time. Washington was placed in jail. In PoliceCourt he was assessed a fine of $50and given a twenty-days' jail 'sentence by Police Judge Ernest Martin. The liquor was confiscated.cers in the service. Previous to being transferred to the Phillipines hei was a member of the Army DentalI Corps, stationed on the Mexicanj Texan border, and later in California."The Great Lakes Bulletin," published at the Great Lakes NavalTraining Station near Chicago, is oneof the most interesting and spiciest ofthe camp papers received. This isthe station where the famous Sousa, band, which gave a concert here lastMonday night, was trained, ana tneBulletin tells of an appropriation of$40,000 made recently with which topurchase instruments fortheJband.Let Us. CeaseTalkingBusinessThere is something more important, more vital before us it isFUTURE-it is LIFE it isLIBERTY" The Government is calling;Humanity is calling;.Our Future and Our Children are calling;HELP ! HELP ! HELP1WeThird Liberty Loan!"Buy a BOND"-Buy a $50, a$100, a $1,000 or a $10,000BONDAs investment is the bas thing in the--world, itis a duty, it is a privilege,, and it is.gpod business. mj ' EitTY A : BOND-V ,-V i r ILTake Part ofj Ymf Change in? i ",. v ""( lCr'i-.' '.J,x V-I f. !THIS SPACE DONATED BY .Frank &:eo.-. A.--V-1C !..l m-U"THIRD LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN NEARING CLOSEThe campaign in the interest of theThird Liberty Loan in this county,which has been in progress since last!Saturday, is rapidly drawing to aclose, and the prediction is freelymade that when time is called Satin -daynight Bourbon county will haeoversubscribed its allotment of nearly$400,000. Tiie responses to the solicitations have been coming in rapidly, and in no case has there been adirect refusal to contribute to thefund.The Women's Committee of theThird Liberty Loan in this countyhas practically closed their part ofthe campaign, having raised a totalof $222,800. The campaign has beenvigorously prosecuted by the members of the committee and their coworkers, under the able direction ofMiss Kate Alexander, Chairman. Acommittee of workers took up thework of the campaign in every precinct in the county and carried itthrough to a successful conclusion.The highest amount of LibertyBonds taken by any individual was$30,000, and the lowest $50. Manyof the laboring class bought a $50bond,, and children in some instanceseven emptied their savings banks andcontributed to the sum total. Severalsubscriptions, were made by coloredmen and women in amounts 'of $50 to$100.On Wednesday the men of the couney began their drive, a-nd will carryit on through to-morrow, when at themass meeting to be held in the courthouse, the final chapter in the ThirdLiberty Loan campaign will be written in dollars and centsAs a fitting climax to the campaignto-morrow is to be made a day .thatwill go down in history as one of themost momentous in the life of thecity. A big parade, headed by the T.O. O. F. Boys' Band from Lexington,will be held, a-nd after an open airconcert in front of the court house bythe Boys' Band, a monster mass meeting will be held in the court house at3.00 o'clock. The following programwill be carried out:2:15 p. m. Parade by I. O. O. F.Band,, led by Mayor January andcity officials.2:30 p. m. Open-air concert atcourt house by I. .0. O. F. band.3:00 p. m. Speaking in courtroom.National Anthem CommunityChorus.Invocation Rev. G. R. Combs.Song Community Chorus.Address J. R. Bush. (Chairmanof Speakers' Bureau.)- Band--"01d Kentucky Home." ;Address J. Will Stoll, (Chairmanof Liberty Loan District.) 'Band "Dixie."Address Hev. Dr. Richard Wilkinson. America Community Chorus.In order to give everyone a chanceto attend the mass meeting and hearthe speeches and music, Mayor E. E.January has issued the followingpi oclamatio-n asking the merchantsand business men of the city to closetheir places of business from 3:00 to5.00 o'clock, inclusive, to-morrow afternoon. It is hoped that the closingmay be general so that every business house in the city may have itsemployes there. The mere announcement of an address by Rev. Dr. Wilkinson should be sufficient to packthe Circuit Court room from windowto wall. The proclamation is as follows: "PROCLAMATION:"I, E. B. January, Mayor of theCity of Paris, do respectfully requestthat all the business houses of thiscity be closed on Saturday, April 13,1918, from the hour of 3:00 p. m. until 5:00 p. m. in order that the public in general may devote their interest and attention to the speecheswhich will be made during the abovementioned hours at the court house,and to attend the meeting held at theabove mentioned place, in the interest of the Third Liberty Loan Campaign. "E. B. JANUARY,"Mayor of the City of Paris.""Anril 12, 1918."UPKEEPINS OF PUBLIC UTILITIES EXEMPTION BOARD WANTS 3T0U2 OFFICIALS ISSUE WARNING TO-Ure-Gd hv Sao w,ft a ts" UH SMtfUAL SERVICE. UJlASW ULASS.aorsed bv President Wilson.TO&.UNIFORM RANK K. P. GIVES S0-CIAL SESSION, rMembers of the A. J. Lovely Company, Uniform Rank, Knights c.fPythias, and a large number ofguests, including wives, sisters,daughters and sweethearts, gatheredin a most enjoyable social sessionat the lodge room Wednesday night.Refreshments of a most temptingvariety were served during the evening. Addresses were made by members of the order. The "welcome"sign stayed up until the last guesthad departed, and everyone . carriedhome a distinct remembrance of anevening delightfully- .spent.: 1KIKPARIS -MW-INJ&EXafGTOn ERUP-ttive gamp.Two cases of smallpox h&ve beenreported to the- Cityv Health Officerin Lexington, lone-ofHhem, WilliamParker, being -a, xesident of Pari?.The men are beingJiiui care of onthe Lyre farm near Lexington,awaiting the commpletion of the newEruptive Hospital.Jl1-BOX S0CIAL.AT LETTON SCHOOLj HOUSE. "The pupils of the Letton School, ofwhich Miss FayTOeWhorter is teacher, will give a "box social1' at theschool building to-night, (Friday) at7:30 o'clock..A cordial invitation isextended to.cthe public to attend.Th'ere. will beenough enjoyment ,forall to mafcethe-eyenjnr a pleasurableone, ' . , . , ".The following correspondence isreprinted from the Official Bulletin-From the Secretary of the Treasury!; February 15, 1918.Dear Mr. President: I bee: to handyou, herewith memoranda and lettersi elating to street-railway and otherlocal public' utilities furnishinglight, heat and power, which I hav;been asked to bring to your attentionby a committee representing publicutility interests.These papers indicate the existenceof genuine apprehension regardingthe adequacy under present conditions of the services and rates of localpublic utilities. The view is expressedthat increased wages and the highcost of essential materials and supplies have affeceted them as theyhave affected everybody else, and.that united effort will be necessary inorder to meet alike the requirements:for service and the corporate financial needs upon which that servicedepends.As Secretary of the Treasury, Imust take official notice of these matters. It is obivious that every partofj our industrial and economical lifeshould be maintained at its -maximumstrength in order that each maycontribute ,in the fullest pleasure tothe vigorous prosecution of the war.Our local public utilities must not bepermitted to become weakened. Thetransportation of workers to andfrbm our vital industries and thohealth and comfort of our citizens intheir homes are dependent upon themand the necessary power to drivomany of our war industries and manyoilier industries essential tcf the wais produced by them. It ,may be thathere and there, because of the prominence given to less important interests immediately at hand, State andlocal authorities do not always appreciate the close connection betweenth6 soundness and efficiency of theselocal utilities and the nationalstrength and vigor, and do not resortwith sufficient promptness to the callfor remedial measures. In suchcases I am confident that all suchState and local authorities will respond promptly to the national needswhen the imatter is fairly and properly brought before them.Our public-service utilities are closly connected with and are an essential part of our preparations for andsuccessful prosecution' of the war,apd the unfavorable tendenciesjvhich. the accompanying papers retVeal may most effectively be checked,w herever they may be foundto existand the needed relief obtained, onlyby prompt action on the part'of therespective local authorities.I earnestly hope that you may feeljustified in expressing the convictionthat the vital part "which the publicutilities companies represent in thelife and war-making energy of thenation ought to receive fair and justrecognition by State and local authorities. Cordially yours,W. G. MoADOO.The President,The White House.(See the President's answer innext issue.) (It)'Pa 3 isaREAL ESTATE DEALS.Plans are being drawn for theerection of a modern up-to-date stoicroom for Mr. B. F. Judy, in NorthMiddletown, on the lot recently purchased by him from the Rice heirs,at the corner of Main and Collegestreets.Harris & Speakes sold at publicauction Tuesday two cottages onClifton avenue belonging to Mrs.Nettie Hibler, for $2,060;- the purchaser being Mr. L. C. Bell.The public sale Tuesday of stock,crop, farming implements, etc., belonging to Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, heldon the home place at Maple Lawn,on the Jackstown pike, attracted alarge crowd. Mules, ponies, cows,cattle and hogs went under the hammer, and all things considered,brought good prices. The sale wasconducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes and Auctioneer C. M. Vanhook. The following is a partial report of the sale:Fresh milk cows, with calves bytheir side, sold from $70 to $160pei head; calves, $20 to $45 perhead; heifers, $54.50 to, $61 perhead; thirty select 550-pound cattle, $63 per head; bulls, $90 to $113ponies, $85 to $105 per head; sowsand pigs, $64 to $75 per head; farming implements sold a good prices;twenty-one shoats brought $20 perhead, and' '46 shoats were sold for$31 per head." ,; PATHEftg ' AHft SONS? BANQUETHon. Claude M. Thonias of4Pa&Mtrill nrooiHe at the Fathers' and Sons J.banquet Jtoi be given in thejj. MC.day, April 15, at felxV olock. .;m.fArrangements 'are being madeforone hundred and ,fifty inenandboy.to dine nd rrtalk 'over, -things" interrstine"to'a man and hisvboy. I The'occasion will also honor the boyywho have gone with the colors,, theirmothers coming to represent them.Hon. Harry V. McChesney will deliver the principal address of theevening. He is known as one" of theables . speakers in thetate.Fiftv cents ner nlaie will be charged and tickets are being sold in pairs. , ' -The Y. M C. A. will" provide any.man with a "temporary jBoh." ,Tick-ets are being' soli by tW Boy Scotftsor may be rese'rvea ?byi telephoningthe Y. M. C. A.The Bourbon County Board of Ex-1 In Ime with the campaign asrainstemption has received a call from the va&rants and idlers which is beinuSelective Service Department pjE th-' wa&ed in almost every city in Ken-Adjutant-General'soffice at Frank- j tucky, Mayor E. B. January anifort asking "that this county furnish.! Chief of Police Fred Link &re givingfour young men for special service in ' Publicity through the press of thisthe United States army as automobile:! ?ity to the following warning, whichdrivers and mechanics, blacksmiths ' il win be wel1 for the idlers to readcarpenters, gunsmiths, sheet metal and reading, heed:workers, or other mechanical duties "Paris, Ky. April 12, 1918.in the service. They are to renort1 "A able-bodied men and women.at Indianapolis, IndIf no men present themselves asvolunteers to-day the Exemptio-a.Board will select four young menfrom the draft list for this countyin sequence of order from. Class A-Lto take the training. Only whitemen who have completed at leastthe eighth grade of a grammar schooleducation and qualified physicallyfor general .military service, are tobe taken. The Board will be in session at their headquarters in thacourt house to-day to receive and.examine the men.THE COMMUNITY CHORUS.A movement has been started toIget all the singers in this city intoone compact organization,, to beknown as "The Community Chorus.'This chorus is to be composed of vocalists who will be willing, to givef their time and talents to natrioticcalls.The organization of the Community Chorus was effected at a meetingheld at he Baptist church on Tuesday night, with a membership omore than one hundred. Meetingswill be held at the Baptist churcheach Monday evening at Zr.30 o'clock.The chorus will be under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright. Mk.Macie White Fithian was selected asChairman of the Chorus. It is hoped that the membership will growuntil every man. or woman in thecounty who has a good singing voiceaftd is willing to devote a portion ofhis or her time to this patriotipwork, will become enrolled as a member. If you. can help youi4 Governmentand do it by singing, that is onekind of service. If you can carry atune and want to learn the, songs thesoldier boys are singing, cqjne to theBaptist church in this cltykMqndaynight at 7:30 o'clock, arid you willleceive a hearty welcome.ATTEND AGENTS' MEETINGIN LOUISVILLE..both white and colored, in this citv.are hereby warned and notified bythis means that they are beingclosely watched by the authorities,and that loafing and idleness will notbe permitted at this time."At the last session of the Kentucky Legislature a law was passedcompelling every able-bodied personto work at least thirty-six hourseach week. This law will be strictlyenforced, without regard to who ithits, even if the offenders have to besent to the city rock quarry to dotheir bit."At this time, when the wholeworld is at war, and America is being looked to for food and munitionsof war to carry the struggle for democracy to a successful conclusion,,every man who is merely a consumerand not a producer is a menace toJ.he -community in which he lives."E. B. JANUARY, Mayor."W. F. LINK, Chief of Police."S P4 1OUR CUSTOM TAILORINGEvery garment is made on thepremises by skilled workmen. Forservice they are unexcelled.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe fe fe:I LOCAL SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENT RESIGNS POSITION.General Agent W. "V Shaw andChief Clerk 'John J. "McCarthy, ofthe Paris offices) are in Louisvilleto-day attending a meeting of theagents and accounting departmentsof the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company. Conditions arising"from Government control and thewar have necessitated a general revision of rates and readjustment oftraffic, which is the principal objectof the conference to-day.At a meeting- of the Board of Trustees of Hamilton College, in Lexington, Prof. T. A. Hendricks, of Paris,at present Superintendent of theParis Public Schools, was elected tothe presidency of the institution, tosucceed Prof. E. H. McDiarmid, whorecently resigned. Prof. Hendrickswas present at the meeting, and accepted the position immediately afier the action of the Board. He wiltassume charge of the college in June.Prof. Hendricks is the recipient ofboth the A. B. and M. A. from CentraCollege and has done graduate work:in the University of Kentucky, theUniversity of Tennessee and Columbia University. After finishing hiecollege work he began his educationalcareer at Danville as air Instructor.He then became Superintendent ofthe Versailles schools, where he remained five years, after which he assumed charge of the schools at Cyn--thiana. For the past five years hehas been in charge of the Parisschools. His- resignation is now Inthe hands of the City Board of Education. His successor wilhbe chosen,at the close of the school term,IX!XWE KNOW HOWnnSHOWING1 " OFMANHATTAN AND WILSONBROS.' FINE SHIRTSThe swellest and best known lines of shirts sold any"where to-day. Perfect fitting and roomy and full, notskimpy and close like other brands of shirts. Very swellpatterns in Silks, Madras, Cloth and Crepe effects, solidcolors in tans, greens, lavenders and pinks. Select yourpatterns now and get the pick of the lines.$2.00to$10.00I-iii1a1K IKIIJohn B. Stetson HatsSpring Styles in all the hew colors and shapes. "Light 5g .weight soft hats in greenspejirls, olives, and new shades xi of brown. -:- -'-; : " 'l '"'The Stetson Feature Hat at IXXIXIXIIX1a1$6.00.isavery stylish hat a little more conservative than theOther Stetson styles, but you will find it a very becoming.hattowear. ....MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREvSpriif Styles in Nehletoi SkatsIXnvfii t.i---7 Z'.rTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.'"PAGE TWOFRIDAY, APKIL 12, If If .THE BOURBON NEWSreestablished 188136 "Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and-FridayPer Year.. $2.00 6 Months. .$1.00Payable in Adavance.-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon the-kkracter, standing or reputation otiy person, firm or corporation whichiy appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cori?aoted if brought to attention of theitfltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perSack for first time; 50 cents per inchich subsequent insertion.-Reading Notices, 10 cents per linericli issue; reading notices in blackfype, 20 cents per line, each issue.., Gards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-similar matter, 10 cents per line." Special rates for large advertise.aents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedo decline any advertisement or other'aatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.This paper has enlistedwith the government in the-cause of America for theperiod of the warEDITOBIAL MUSINGS.,..4 Another Conscription Needed.r Quite as important in the world"war as the military campaigns ofShe .various belligerents was the star-Tratidn campaign of each group iniQife fighting.The blockade system of the Allieswas tightened gradually in an effortto starve Germany, and in this wayviorce her into peace. It entailed""tremendous suffering upon the Teutonic people, food was scarce and weJdo not doubt but that thousandswent hungry in the Kaiser's empire.The submarine campaign was' launched primarily with an idea of'-starving Great Britain, and this io.just as dangerous as the preventionof transportation towards the war--fields of France. Great Britain willmot be starved, but food regulationstare becoming more and more stringent -as ship bottoms become scarcerThe recent peace between Germany.nd. Ukarine seem to mean that the.starvation campaign againstthej-Kaliser has been check-mated. With""Russia and Ukarine provision has""been made in the last peace arrange-ments that huge supplies of foodTill be shipped into Germany, and jother countries allied with her. Itthis is done, there can be no danger-of starving them out.'The campaign against Great Britain, continues. The' submarine is stillsinking merchant vessels badly needed, and the question of feeding tlis"British, people, supplying our armies-In France, and transporting war material to the armies on the westernIront is becoming more and morevital. The only dependable answerto it is the building of ships mores.nd-Tnore of them than ever before.The government is calling for carpenters, and other laborers, for theshipyards. It is a call as importanta the demand for .men between 21and 30 years for the active military' duties. If it is not answered volun-'Marily, conscription of this labor will,t wid must, inevitably follow. Let's:-3iave no hesitation on this question' T the labor doesn't volunteer, pass-.v,n. conscription law.,'";:' When Things Are New.A Seattle paper tells of a young' fellow from Alaska who has been"seeing the city for the first time.""? He is twenty-three years old, -wasv fcorri? and reared in Alaska, and until"Is the other day when he landed in thiscountry, he had never seen a sky-:&-scrper,nor any other building built& lrrbrick of concrete. He had never'& seen a paved street, nor a passengernj -elevator, nor a drawbridge. He had$-.3ver jattended -av vaudeville show, a-ovie theatre nor-'eaten' In a restaurs aat where there was a cabaret.T But don't waste your sympathy omK Cais young man. Rather he7 is to beH wigratulated. His delight wlllbcfty-ttoa-ter than any we'1 ifteresUir life Itselfwe can know. Hiswill be enhancedj?" lrbSa'-what we can hope to reach.,"TTe contemplate tne tninga suit iniu store for him, and to recall how fewUj tfelBgs are in store for the rest of usL well, the young fellow has a tre-'ftpMMKms advantage over .the fellowS3- ifo;bi been brought up in the city." toJthe memory of our first ex-;-perieaces that count, anyway. Ourj -first visit to the circus, our first love; -affair, our first .Yew of NiagaraFalls,r r New York City, or anything elseftramge and" startling, it is the firstTH "' '"M HlJV? Texperience tliat is to be rememberedlongest and with the greatest pleas-'ure. vWe who have grown up and developed in this country, accustomed tothese things that are now giving somuch interest to the Alaskan boy,can't appreciate what it must meanto behold them for the first time. Itmust be enchanting, to say the least.Everyone Can Help.Are you willing to have bettertimes? If so, talk good times andyou may be able to convey the samespirit to some poor despondent mortal. Our manner of business has agreat deal to do with the times, forthe times, as the expression is commonly used, are very much what W2make them. The poor, miserable.hypocrondriac is never satisfied. Heimagines the whole business world iswrong and is always looking for apanic or some unforseen evil, andconstitutes to a very large measurethe growler. There is never any goodcheer in his business house, and thevery goods on his own shelves bespeak it; when you have dealt withI him you feel more like you have attended a funeral than anything else.While on the other hand, we all liketo deal with a cheerful, bright, happy, "business man; you always feelbetter after you have met him. Thislife of ours is full of sunshine andbright spots and all you have to dois to gather it in. It is a free, Godgiven privilege; therefore, don't shutout the sunlight by burying yourselfin a dark and gloomy cave of despondency, but be cheerful, happyand hopeful, and by so doing cast afew bright, cheerful rays of hope inthe darkened path of some fellowbeing.A Mother's Love.It is not prosperity, with her smileand beauty, that tries the purity andfervor of a mother's love; it is in thedark and dreary precincts of adversity, amid the cold frowns of an unfeeling world, in poverty and despair, insickness and in sorrow, that it shine iwith a brightness beyond mortality,and stifling the secret of 'its bosom,strives but to pour balm and consolation upon the sufferer, and the cup ofmisery, filled to overflowing, serve-:but to bind them more firmly anddearly to each other, as the stormsof winter bid the sheltering ivy twineitself more closely around the withering oak. Absence cannot chill amother's love nor can even vice destroy a mother's kindness. The lowest degredations of human frailtycannot wholly blot out the remembrance of the first found yearlings ofyour affection, or the faint memorial of primeval innocence; nay, itseems as if the very consciousness ofthe abject state of her erring childmore fully develop the mighty forceof that mysterious passion which canforget and forgive all things, andthough the youth of her fairest hopesmay be an one cast off from God andman, yet she will not forsake him.participate in all things save hiswickedness.Don't Be Inquisitive.If you know of anyone in this vicinity engaged in Government work,don't ask him to talk about it. Such'information as he may have to giveout may be perfectly safe with you,but if he gives it, both he a,nd yoiare taking chances. He has unthink-ingly made the work of the Germanspy all the easier, and you hav.ineedlessly increased your own responsibility. It is good loyalty noLto want to .know anything your Government would rather not have yoaknow. Personally, we want to keepourselves so that all the German spiesever learn from us will be infinitevariety of names we will be able tocall the Kaiser and his gang of murderers. A Sailor Song.In an unnamed port by an unnamedsea,There's an unnamed girl who waitsfor me;But soon on an unnamed day I'lltripTo this unnamed girl on an unnamedship,And then we'll hie to an unnamedspot,Where an unnamed parson will tiethe knot,And thenI'll give her a name, byJove,No- censor will ever remove.(Deleted by the censor.)IF I WERE A PARMER.If I were a farmer I would keepat hand a few reliable medicines forminor ailments that are not so serious as to require the attention of aphysician such as Chamberlain's 0ilcand Diarrhoea Remedy for bowelcomplaints.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forcoughs, cblds and croups.- Chamberlain's Liniment for snrains.Hbrjf&es and rheumatic pains.t Chamberlain's . Tablets for stomach troubles, biliousness and constination. ,This would require an outlay ofonlyT $L10. By having these articles at hand It would often save thetrouble of a trip to town in thebusiest season or in the night, andwould enable me to treat slight ailments as soon as they appear, andthereby avoid the more serious diseases that so often follow.- (adv-april)Did you ever notice that when yoawere particularly busy almost everything bobs up, including the price ofliving.-t ' v oPmK jM""? (ey&fWIS LOT EASIERLouisville Railroad Man Tells HowTanlac Put His System BackIn Shane.Marshall I. Smith, 1214 SouthShelby street, Louisville, Ky., is alocomotive fireman on a run out ofLouisville and his job is one whichrequires a lot of strength and goodhealth. He didn't used to have itand it was hard for him to keep thefires going in his engine, but he sayshis work is easy since Tanlac put hissystem back in shape."I used to feel so bad that it washard for me to even climb up onto theengine, and, of course, niy work ofkeeping the fires going in the enginewas mighty difficult," Mr. Smithsaid."My system was all out of order.My digestion was bad and my appetite was so poor that I didn't eatmuch. I didn't sleep well either."Well, I started taking Tanlac andit surely did put my system back ingood condition. My appetite hascome back fine. I eat good now, too,and have gained in strength so muchthat my firing job is easy for me."Mf wife has suffered from rheumatism for quite a while and is juststarting to take Tanlac RheumatisiiTreatment."If you don't feel right take Tanlac and get your system back inshape. Tanlac is purely vegetable.It tones up and invigorates the entiresystem. Tanlac is just the thing totake this spring. You can get Tanlac at Varden & Son's.Take Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment fofr rheumatism. It is helpinghundreds of rheumatic sufferers andit will do for you what it is doing forothers. You can get Tanlac Rheumatism Treatment at Varden & Son's.febl2-16 (adv)p )bi 1MA "CANTEEN" IN FRONT LINE.A front line canteen service forAmerican soldiers has been inaugurated by the American Red Cross.Hot drink station No. 1 for theAmerican troops is placed at a central Roint behind the American artillery, within walking distance of thecommunicating trenches, within firing distance of the German guns andwithin gas mask distance of the German gas. It is the last point wherethe soldiers halt going into thetrenches and the first coming out.Here, in a little kitchen tucked beneath unobtrusive walls of sandbgand cement, the Red Cross workerowill serve steaming drinks to themud stained, tired fighters. And at atelephone word from the trenchesbig Norwegian heaters will be filler1with hot bouillon, and two men carrying a heater on a pole will go forward, past the artillery, though thecommunicating trenches into thefront lines.With the French the AmericanRed Cross has had twenty-five suchstations. Sometimes the workers lived in dugouts, often they wore gasmasks. One has a dented helmetwhich makes clear how near he cameto "going West." To the poilus morethan a million hot rations have beenserved by the Red Cross front service. The work is hard and long andthe hours ungodly.It is a splendid service for any mannot in the army, a man with nervenergy and intelligence. There is nofiner. All preparations have beenmade to add nine new front kitchensto Station No. 1, and as fast as theyare called for and as fast as the kindof ,men needed for the work are obtained, the service will grow. Thereib no longer any reason for a manwho cannot get into the army to sighfor action. He can get all he wantsin the Red Cross front line service.DON'T DELAY.Some Paris People Have LearnedThat Nedect is Dangerous.The slightest symptoms of kidneytrouble is far too serious to be overlooked. It's the small, neglectedtroubles that so often lead to seriouskidney ailments. That pain in the"small" of your back; that urinaryij regularity; those headaches anddizzy spells; that weak, weary, worn-out feeling, may be nature's warningof kidney weakness. ' Why risk yourlife by neglecting these symptoms?Reach the cause of the trouble whilethere is yet time begin treatingwhile there is yet time begin treating your kidneys at once with a trieland proved kidney remedy. No needto experiment Doan's Kidney Pillshave been successfully used in thousands of cases of kidney trouble forover 50 years. Doan's Kidney Pillare used and recommended througnout the civilized world. Endorsed athome. Read Paris testimony.Mrs. -J. W. Markland, 326 EighthStreet, says: "Some few years agoI suffered severely with kidney tiomnlaint and sometimes was in a serious condition'. I had a constant, dullache across the small of my back and.1 was terribly dizzy at times. I usedDoan's Kidney Pills for this troubleand they helped me more than 'anything else, always relieving me of thecomplaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'vsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills -the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Whtn You Htnt a Razor,tf razor hones are placed upon strongmagnets razors will be held flat and-can be 'sharpened more rapidly and aci cnrately. JTHIS FIREMAN'SHARD JOB NOWOUT-THE1 BAHKEK THISWEEK! " -The Third Liberty Loan campaignis on. The people of Paris are urged to renew their pledge to thecountry and to their flag. Everyonois to be urged to hang out the flagsat their honies and business housesthis week.When the war with Germany wasdeclared one year ago last SaturdayParis (Ky.) was decorated' with flag?.Nearly every business house andevery home in the city displayed aflag of some size. They have entirelydisappeared -now, and only occasionally is Old Glory seen on a businesshouse or home.The loyal people of Paris hope thatthe other people will show their patriotism by hanging out new flags.There is no more patriotic city inAmerica than Paris. Let's show outpatriotism by hanging out new flags.For Rent.Three nice rooms, in good location;suitable for light housekeeping. Apply 314 Scott Avenue. (9-tf)'Position Wanted.Position as (manager or overseer offarm. Experienced. Best of reference. Apply at this office. (tf)For Sale.One Axminister 8x10 Rug, almostnew; a bargain for some one. Canbe seen at residence.MRS. KISER SMITH.719 Walker Avenue,(9-3t) Paris, Ky.Good Business For SaleOwing to the condition of mvhealth, I have decided to discontinuebusiness. Same is offered for sale asa whole, or will dismantle equipmentand sell in parts.(92t) H. J. GROSCHE.I BELIEVEI believe that I am right in theoi nclusion that thinking people donot want bargain glasses any morethan they would want nature to endow them with a bargain pair oieyes.My work is, and always will bejust as good as I know how to makeit. I must give satisfaction in orderthat my business may grow.If you will favor me with yourpatronage, I will see to it that youonly pay a fair price and I will alsopromise you satisfaction, so muchso that you will not hesitate to recommend me to your friends who arei'i need of ' eye help.Dr. Wm. Riley FranklinBoth Phones.520 Main St.Let UsTake TheRiskHome Dry Cleaning ib dangerousto you and your family.Results can not be as good as whenwe do it.For quality and service, phoneThe Electric DryCleaning Co.Fifth Street, near Traction Office,Paris, Kentucky.Cumberland Phone 901, HomePhone 12.(apr2-2t)?BAKERYDEPARTMENTCakes, Jelly RollCream PuffsDoughnuts, Rolls, PiesGROCERYFruitsFresh VegetablesMEATDEPARTMENTRoatsLamb, Veal, PorkBrainsWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376.- fHANG' J :ssIff You are Thinking About aPipeless Furnaceand want it properly installedlet us figure with you. -Satisfaction guaranteed. We areagents for the Laur.el Furnace.None better.We are also exclusive agents for tterVIKING CREAM SEPARATORSCall ami let us show them to you..LOWRY&MAYM?Let Us Serve You!This company is a public servant in a greater capacity thaother utilities, such as railroad, the gas- or electric light' andpower companies, because It serves you day and night oftentimes in matters of extreme importance. The doctor, the.polic3or the fire department are-immediately summoned. by our rapidservice. We give you prompt connection with the trades-iveopleor your triends.HAVE Y0TT A PHONE?The cost is reasonable and is something few people- canafford to do without. We are a home institution and are vitally interested in the town's welfare. We can help you. Yoacan help us. Let's get together.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Iacorporattd)J. J. VEATCH,Diitrict Manager.MM 1 1 ! 1 1 HtfUfUmilll II 111 11 HM I IM.MHfc-ppThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSiVtalnand SixthStreetsParisMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended ta with our rLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral.i..i.i.f..i.a i, 1..T.1. t.i, 1. 1 1, g.A.j..T...,.,.f......T. HTIUIfllHIHHHlI?WALL PAPERPaints - Window GlassBrushesMouse and Sign PaintingPaper HangingInterior DecoratingWORK DONEGIVE USC.A. DAUGHERTYFifth and Main Streets'AiW. H. CANNON,Ieal Manager.tKv.Day phoiw 36NlKHt : . .56or Home 286-purposes only.tBY EXPERTSA CALL 'VAAJxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KlFRIDAY, APRm 12, 1918.Pi6i thhePOOR,OF MOSTREJECTIONS INTHE ARMY AND NAVYMany Men Might Qualify in Two or Three Weeks If They WouHProperly Build Up Their Systems By the, ' ' Use of An Assimiable Iron.Ia the medical tests for admissionto the army and navy the conditionof the blood is considered of primoimportance. All accepted candidatefor commission must show a satisfactory "blood pressure" and there mustbe thorough evidence of both red andwhite corpuscles, or the candidate ispromptly rejected.Anaemics and weaklings are notwanted by Uncle Sam, as experiencelias simply demonstrated that menwithout sufficient rich red blood intheir system fail to develop the proper to prove valiant leaders.Run-down, thin, emaciated creatures are no longer wanted eitherin the army or civil life. Men ofstrong vitality and fully equippedphysical power and stamina are nowrequired, whether in the battle orbusiness life or the more hazardouswork of leading men "over the top"in the Flanderian trenches.The human system requires a certain degree of iron to properly replenish the blood and tissues of thebody, and Hie food of modern civihzation is such that eighty per cent, ofthe populace lack the proper amountof this necessary organic sulphate.Thus we behold a race of prematurely old, bald-headed, false-toothedvictims, with, begoggled, lack-lustreeyes and faltering step, instead of asturdy, strong-limbed people as inthe iron-absorbing ages of Caesar andCedric and Saxon.The medical authorities have lonrbeen aware of this fact, but lackedthe chemical knowledge of how toproperly administer this prerequisiteof nature. Armed with a non-soluble,unassimilable tincture of inorganic iron in the form of "blaud"pills or a tooth-destroying liquid astringent, they sought to incorporateinto human body a form of iron justabout as digestible as a keg of nails.The total result of their endeavor?therefore was invariably a toothless,decrepit victim with a badly-ruinedstomach.Nature, however, came to the rescue and put to shame the greateotchemists in the country.In a natural mineral product wevefound all the ingredients necessaryto revitalize the blood of mankind, inan easily digestable, fully assimilableform.At least a purely organic iron hadbeen found!With thousands of testimonialsfrom all parts of the country, andover thirty years of infallible success as a basis for their claims, theFerrodine Chemical Corporation unqualifiedly guarantees its product tostrengthen, build up and revitalizeall those lacking body or nerve forceor to promptly refund the triflingcost of this wonderful revigorator.A. I. M. is on sale by all reliabledruggists. Do not accept any alleged substitutes for A. I. M. as thereis nothing else even remotely similarto this remedy on the market.Messrs. Froehling and Robertson,the famous chemists of Richmond,Va., officially state:"The combination of the mineralconstituents of A. I. M. shows a mostaluable preparation. It contains inaddition to the large amount of IronSulphate, a very desirable quantityof Aluminum Sulphate and smalleramounts of Magnesium and SodiumSulphate. .In our opinion the possibilities for this preparation are unlimited, and while "we do not believein a universal panacea we would expect a marked success by the use ofthis machine. We would suggest itsuse in all cases of Anaemia and general debility; and in many if not allstomach troubles."(Adv.)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.(tarings wmJ VQiint of Our. People Bert,' There andElsewhere.LENDING THEEt BEST CUSTO-MERS.The proceeds of the Liberty Loan,including the greater part of thatloaned to our Allies, are being spentfor American products the productsof our factories, our farms, our minesand other, industries. In lending tothe United States the people of theUnited States are lending to theirbest and largest customer and obtaining the safest investment in -thevorld.Buy Liberty .Bonds.BACK IN HARNESS.After another flyer in the newspaper game, Mr. H. A. Richardson,who traveled for several months forthe Merganthaler Linotype Company,is again in the typewriter field. Mr.Richardson was for a time on theDanville Messenger, but decided tcget back into his former profession.He is now -with the Remington Typewriter Co., with headquarters in Lexington, and all Central Kentuckyas his territory.WIP1 "OfNot ALuxuryA WAR TIME NEEDNO MATTER how many other things you gowithout it is folly to sacrifice the HoosierKitchen Cabinet. This is the strong rightarm of kitchen service and kitchen patriotism willhelp win the war.Don't impoverish your health or strength byworking long hours on your feet. The nation needsa strong, healthy womanhood.HOOSIERKITCHEN CABINET JL VVDon't waste foods in measuring and mixing inexposing them in unprotected places.Hoosier prevents waste, saves food and guardsit. There are 400 places for flour, sugar, etc. allthe principal supplies and utensils.Pay only $1 on delivery. Pay the balance $1weekly. Your money back if you are not delighted.Prices Cannot Be Lower Than NowSo Don't Put It Off !Miss Margaret Ardery is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering from typhiod feverMrs. Wm. K. Griffin and littlodaughter, Blanche, are visiting relatives in Earlington and MadisonvilleMr. William Hopson Lowry, ofthe Lexington Herald's composing:room force, was a visitor in Pari zWednesday.Mrs. M. E. Warner lias returnedto her home in Middletown, Ohio,after a visit to friends and relative"in this city.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, is touringthe State of Kansas this week, in theinterest of the Third Liberty Loancampaign. ,Mrs. Percy Reed has returnedto her home in Richmond, after avisit to her mother, Mrs. M. A. Paton,her brother, Mr. Pearce Paton, andother relatives in this city.Mr. Monroe Mansfield has beenat the bedside of his father, Mr. Wm.Mansfield, in Danville, who recentlyunderwent a serious surgical operation in a Lexington hospital.Miss Nell Crutcher, who has beena patient in the Massie' MemorialHospital, in this city, has recoveredsufficiently to permit her removal toher home, on Pleasant street.Special Deputy Game WardenBush Bishop, who has been a patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital forsix weeks, suffering from typhoidfever, is able to be out again.Miss Anna Louise White andguest, Miss Mildred Wood, of Shelbyville, have returned to HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, after a visitat the home of the former, this city.Mrs. Grant Galloway, Mr. andMrs. S. T. Chipley, Mr. Cletis Chipleyand Miss Lucille Chipley have returned from a visit to friends andlelatives in Camp Zachary Taylor,near Louisville.Mrs. Dan Drennan and son.guests of Judge and Mrs. Denis Dundon, have returned to their Home inMayslick, Mason county. Mrs. Drennan is a sister of Mrs. Dundon andMrs. John J. Connell.Miss Anna Louise White leityesterday for Perdue University, atLafayette, Indiana, to attend a nous 2party given by the Sigma Nu Fraternity of that institution. She willreturn to Paris, Monday.Mr. Louis Ray is recuperating atthe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Swiney Ray, on Higgins avenue, inthis city. Mr. Ray has been a sufferer from stomach trouble, and recently underwent an operation in aCincinnati hospital.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Potts anddaughter, Carolyn, who have been inHarrisville, West Virginia, for several months, have returned to Paris,and are at the home of Mrs. Potto'parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Duvallon Lilleston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse M. Alverson,of Georgetown, were visitors in Paris,Tuesday. Mr. and Mrs. Alverson willmove from Georgetown about May.1 to the P. J. IVIillet farm, on thJackstown pike, which they recentlypurchased of Mr. Wm. H. Whaley.(Other Personals on Page 5.)m m mKENTUCKIANS IN FLORIDAAlthough the season is graduallyapproaching an end for Florida sojourning, many Kentucky people stillremain there, and from letters received here, are managing to find agreat deal of enjoyment in that sunny climate.. In a letter received a few days agofrom Mr. Thomas H. Butler, of Paris,he asks to have THE NEWS changedfrom St. Petersburg to Anna MaiiaBeach. Mr. Butler and party arehaving a good time, as evidenced bya few extracts from his letter:"Please change my paper from St.Petersburg to Anna Maria Beach,Fla. Doc Marshall, mother and Icame down here Friday. This placeis five miles below Fort Dade, on theGulf of Mexico. Doe is performingfirst-rate for an amateur salt watefisherman. He landed six sea troucthis morning, which weighed twenty-fivepounds, a mackerel weighing.four pounds and several others. Icaught my fiist 'King' yesterday.The fish weiged fifteen, pounds. Weare going out in the Gulf to-morrowand expect to 'kill 'em. 'Doc' Marshall says he will tell you all abouthis fishing experiences when he getshome. Anything he tells you in regard to the trip down here I willvouch for. We are all well."m m MSCHOOL CENSUS OP CITY TAKEITTHIS MONTH.ShouldersAll BakingCaresxm at TTTvyriTw lien .jl u 1VJ.JC xcomes in, all bakingtroubles take quickleave. You go rightahead and mix up bak-f" ing materials, for biscuits-cakes anything without fearof uncertainty. Calumet makesyou forget failure.CALUMETBAKING POWDERis the most popular because it does givemost Perfect results. It has the biggest demand because it is the most de. pendable. The fact that it is the biggest seller proves tnat it is tne best.Atrial will convince you that there isnone justas good." liuyacan if youare not satisfied take it back andget your money back.Calumet contains only such ingredients as have been approvedofficially by the U. 5. FoodAuthorities.Yoa tare vrken you toy it.Yo ave when you use iUHIGHESTQUALITYHIGHESTAWARDSRMDFBRNCORSETS'The Ne Plus Ultra of Corsetryk The Hon. Mrs. Grahame was afamous beauty of her time, andwas considered one of the mostbeautifully dressed women sobeautiful that Gainesborough required no accessory in his painting. The proportions of her figureso carefully taken denote thatshe could have worn this model.Nature gave her a low bust,and this little model would haveheld the bust and cunningly indented the waist with that verystraight front and back line somuch the vogue.This beautiful model ismade of fine batiste. Itexquisitely completes thelingerie of the well dressedwoman.$4 up.Back Lace. Front Lace.VALUABLE ADDITION MADE TO I.0. 0. E. HOME.As President of the Board of theI. 0. O. F. Home, at Lexington, -MajorE. B. January was in that city yesterday, acting in an advisory capacity with other members in the purchase of an addition to the grounds.The Board purchased about twentytwo acres of the Mlligan estate, fora total of $18,191.95. This will beadded to the present grounds at theHome, giving the place all the roomiTow needed. For one plot of theground $1,030 per acre was paid.sWOLF, WBLE & COI EVIMPTAM IV -LEXINGTON, KY.?mmA. F.Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and 3rd Chas. Green, Mgr. Opp. CoUrt HouseThe names of every child' in Paris.white and colored, between the agesof six and eighteen, will be takenthis month for the school census.The names will be registered regardless of whether the child attendsschool or not, and the law provides asevere penalty for the failure of theparent to give the names of thenchildren within the school age or anyinfoi mation the census taker may desire. The woik of taking the census willbe completed about the first of Mayand it is the expectation of theschool authoiities that the censuswill show the largest number of children of the school age in Paris foimany years and that there will be amaterial advantage to the local schoolin having the census taken. Forevery child whom the census takerfails to list and whom the parentfails to give, the citv will lose inJ that proportion to the school fund.pa ps ,psRAILWAY ADS RESTRICTED.Railway publicity and advertisingin the future must be limited to information needed by the public, according to orders issued Wednesdayby Director-General McAdoo..Try Trading at Wheeler's You'll Like It !WHOOPING- COUGH.Give Chamberlain's Cough Remedyto keep the cousrh loose andexpectoration easy. It is excellent.' (adv-april)EXTRASpecial This WeekWaists$1 .50 and $1 .75 ValuesExtra Special$1.25We have just receiveda shipment ofNSWSilkPoplinSkirtsin blue, black, purpleand green, specially;priced at: $4,98TWIN BROS.Department Store. Main and Seventh StreetsWe Have Some Very FineNEAL'SPAYMASTERSEEDCORNGermination GuaranteedOrder Early, as the Stock isLimited.C. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant Stc-i.m- f & 'fv'rimim.i 1 ' ' TAtj, v - m . $s?the Court HouseWill Celebrate the Success of the BigMl LI8EBTT LOAN DBITEEatsjtsjTsatsatelcifcafcs t&fe Pa pa PaTa P3Pp3P3paP3PapapaP2PaPaPaP3p3P3PaP3P3P3p3p2p3I. 0. 0. F. Band, Songs-and Patriotic Speaking!psPsPsPaP3paP3P3P2P3P3P3p:ap3papaP3p3p3!!1 R-jm iPROGRAMx 2:15 P. Pi. ParadeBy I. O. O. F. Band, led by Mayor Januaryand City Officials.2:30 P. Ma Open Air ConcertAt Court House by I. O. O. F. Band.3.00 P. M. Speaking in theCourt RoomNational Anthem. Community ChorusInvocation Rev. G. R. CombsSong" Community ChorusAddress Mr. J. R. Bush(Chairman of Speakers' Bureau)Band "Old Kentucky Home"Address r Mr. J. Will Stollt(Chairman of Liberty Loan District)Band "Dixie"Address .-. Rev. Richard WilkinsonAmerica Community ChorusHere is the Honor FlagOf the Third Liberty Loan!Let's Fly It First !trr&zrs"Third Liberty Loan Honor Flag. ",HAVE YOU BOUGHT YOUR SHARE OF1LIBERTY LOAN BONDIf not, do it TO-DAY! Let Bourbon County head the list ofoversubscribed counties and merit an HONOR FLAG. Most ofour neighbors have ALREADY GONE OVER THE TOP.CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE OF THIRD LIBERTY LOANThis space patriotically donated and paid for by the following enterprising merchants :FARMERS & TRADERS BANK, C. P. COOK & CO., A. J. WINTERS & CO., PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., JOHN M.STUART1'ANjrJtsFRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, FARlSrKY. 1 ;'":S-. T" 'ixt -x4)r0t""wwfafar4B&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWE RECOMMEND EAELY SELECTIONS. Our suits at 2 5. are really surprising" values, and we would recommendan early selection.J. W. DAVIS & CO.B. Y. P. TJ. SOCIAL.The B. Y. P. U. social of the Baptist church will not be given Fridayevening, April 12th, as announced.It has been deemed wise to postpone this social until a later date.m m mREPORT OF ROSE SALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney makesthe following report of the X. J. Rosepale made onthe premises, nearJacksonville, in, this county, Wednesday: Horses, $75 to $167.50; sheep,$20.50 per head; brood sows, $41.25;rye, $1.75 per bushel; twenty acresof grass land rented for $11.00 peracre; farming implements sold well;attendance good.FRESH FISH TO-DAY.We will have a nice selection offresh fish for to-day and-to-morrow.Fhone in, your order.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.- TOBACCO DOING NICELYTobacco plants are coming up nicely in every section of the county, andsome of the beds will have plenty ofplants ready for early transplantingif the good season continues. Theacreage in this county lias beengreatly increased and the outlook forhigh prices is indicated this early,some growers having already refusedtwenty and two-two cents per poundfor their crops to be grown this year.E2 T3I 1AN APPRECIATION.THE NEWS is in receipt of a letter from Miss Fannie C. Rawson, o?Frankfort, Secretary of the Kentucky Library Commission, expressing her appreciation of the help rendered by the paper through its -newscoloumns in the recent drive forbooks for the soldiers and sailors.Miss Rawson says, in part:"We are in receipt of your issuesof March 22, 26 and 29, and wothank you most heartily for assisting in the National drive for booksfor our soldiers and sailors. Appreciating your co-operation, we againthank you very sincerely."TIME TO CLIP THE HORSES.Be independent, clip your ownhorses, own a machine and savemonev. We sell the best machinejmade the "Stewart." It does thework satisfactorily. We also sharpenknives for chlipping machines. Nowis the time to treat your horse to aclipping.(5-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL-EOTJRBON BOY GRADUATE OFSOUTH DAKOTA COLLEGEThe thirty-second annual commencement exercises of the SouthDakota State College will be held inBrookings, South Dakota, on Friday.April 19. Diplomas will be presenred to forty-four graduates, two in theM. A. degree a-nd forty-two in the B.A. degree. Among the graduates isMr. Stanley V. Layson, of Millersburg, son of the" late Mr. John V.Layson.Young Layson graduates with highhonors. He has been in the Westabout six years.ORDINANCE VIOLATORS DISMISSED WITH REPRIMANDOne of the most prominent stockmen in the county, who resides on afine farm near Little Rock, was placed under arrest here Wednesday on acharge of violating the ordinanceprohibiting the driving of stockthrough the streets without thenroper number of attendants.The stockman, who is a wellknown figure in the local markets,had driven a big bunch of cattlethrough the streets, accompaniedonlv bv tfro small negro boys. He-was taken before Police Judge ErnestMartin, who dismissed him with avigorous reprimand, and an injunction to never repeat tne onenagain. The stockdealer solemnlypromised to observe the ordinance inthe future.Iq J&2J 3H0NEYM00NERS GO OVER TEESPEED LIMIT.In an attempt to elude a party ofLexington friends following them inthree automobiles,, and to make alecord run to Cincinnati to spendtheir honeymoon, Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J. Santen, the latter formerlyMiss Alice Benckart, of Lexingtonton, were taken into custody by thapolice of Georgetown. Tuesday morning, as their car went slashing alongMain street in that city. ,. . .In the car held by the police besides Mr. and Mrs. Santen were Mr.Fred Benckart, brother of the bridand Elmer Myers, the chauffeur.Fortunately the pursuing mendsfiom Lexington came up shortly a.ter the police had made the arrestand taken the wedding party m tow,. 4-i..irvi fVioir intercessions tlievoung people were released from custody witliout Having to pay a fine.In gratitude for their deliverancefrom the minions of the law Mr. andMrs. Santen stopped in Georgetoj nlong enough to prvide refreshment.,for the pursuers, who, after showering congratulations on the couple.Fent them on their way rejoicing.The incident was the .occasion of-much good-natured merriment afterwhich the. pursuing party returned..to Lexington, feeling amply iepa.Jfor their frolic. )SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Louis H. Mulfinger and family have moved to Georgetown to reside, i .Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock is apatient at the Massie Memorial Hon-!.pitaLMiss Hattie Hill O'Neill is convalescent after an attack of typhoidfever.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery has returned to her home near Paris, after avisit to her sister, Miss Jessie Spencer, in Lexington.Miss Ruth Hedges, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Ollie Hedges, of Paris,who recently underwent an op'erationfor mastoids,4 in a Lexington hospital, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Robinson andchildren have returned to Lancaster,after a visit to Mrs. Robinson's father, Rev. F. M. Tinder and family,in North Middletown.Miss Edna Keller, daughter ofMrs. Ed. Keller, underwent an operation at her home on Main street yesterday. Drs. Daugherty and Orrwere the attending physicians.A "box social" will be given tonight at the Letton school housenear Paris, for the benefit of theschool fund. The public is cordiallyinvited to attend, and have an enjoyable time.Mrs. J. M. Hefiey and childrenare-arranging to move to Paris, Montana, where Mr. Hefley located someweeks ago.Mrs. George W. Grimes has accepted a position on the sales foioein the Harry Simon department storein Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. M. Hintojhave returned from a visit to M"and Mrs. Ben Davidson, at FThomas, Ivy.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, is able to be out after atwo-weeks' illness.Miss Mabel Templin has returned from a visit to the family of MrsH. L. Hunter, in Winchester.Mrs. J. A. Allen, of Twelfthstreet, has as guest her sister, MiesOllie Adams, of Fleming county.Mr. and Mrs. Wilson Napier andchildren, of Taylorsville, are guestsof relatives in this cityand county.Mrs. Clarence Plummer and childien, of Chavies, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Jas. C. Day, near this city.Mr. and Mrs: John Spears camein from Oklahoma, Wednesday, for avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Mr. Stanley Dickson has returned to Princeton University, after avisit to friends and relatives in Pari?and North Middletown.Mrs. J. A.-Stern and Mrs. CannieGrimes Stout will leave Sunday for avisit to Mrs. Stern's relatives inBirmingham, Alabama.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Beard andlittle daughter, guests of Mr. andMrs. Howard B. Carr, have returnedto their home in St. Louis, Mo.Mr. H, R. Niswonger, a memberof the faculty of the University ofKentucky, gave a talk in the HighSchool auditorium at the Paris HighSchool, Wednesday afternoon, to thepupils on the'subject of "Gardening."Miss Willie Lee Clarke has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to Miss Patsy Clarke, inParis. Quring her stay Miss Clarkewas a guest of honor at a number cisocial functions given at differenthomes.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Price,wh'o were married in Eminence, Sunday, have been spending their honeymoon at French Lick Springs.They will return to-day, and for thepresent will be at the home of Mr.Price's parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L.Price, on South Main street.Mrs. Edward Burke entertaineda large number of "friends at the"Young Men's Catholic Club, on Mainstreet, Wednesday night, in honor ofLieut. Lawrence Lavin of Camp Sherman, near Chillecothe, Ohio.- Aboutforty-five guests participated in thepleasures of the evening. Music wayfurnished by a Lexington orchestraRefreshments were served during tointermission.Among those from Paris whoattended the wedding in Lexington,Tuesday morning of Mr. Bernard J.Santen, of this city, to Miss AliceElizabeth Benckart, of Lexington,were Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Santen,rarents of the groom, Mr. and Mis.Herman Santen, Mr. Frank Santen,Misses Rosaline and Mary JosephineSanten, and Mr. Jakie Saloshin.Among the Paris people who attended the performance of "TheRambler Rose" by Joseph Cawthornand Julia Sanderson at the Lexington Opera House,-Wednesday night-were, Misses lvaie Aiexiuiuei, i"jGriffith, Mary Woodford, ElizabethSteele and Carolyn Roseberry, Mrs.Virginia Griffith, Mrs. KatherineDavis Craig, Mrs. Woodford Daniel,Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Hinton, Mr. andMfs. Ed. Prichard, and Mr. and Mis.John Yerkes.(Other Personals on Page 5.)is te taSUMMER SWIMMING CLASS.At a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Y. M.-C. A. of womeninterested in the Summer SwimmingClass at the Y. M. C. A. plans werediscussed and arrangements made foropening the season. The attendancewas made up largely of those winwere in the class last year, with anumber of new members.-v MjtillBIG LINE OF GLOVES NOW ISTHE TIME TO BUY.See us before you buy Fall andWinter Gloves. Largest stock inParis to select from.PARIS RACKET STORE.(5-3t)m m WlTEACHERS' ASSOCIATION TGIMEET HEBE TO-MORROWThe regular mothly meeting of theBourbon County Teachers' Association will be held in the office ofCounty School 'Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood, in the courthouse, to-morrow morning, Saturday,April 13, at ten o'clock.The teachers will receive theirsixth month's salary, and will discuss the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth' o rA . flli tf oonf li oJionforo nf "Tnvnor't"Learning to Read."We will have with us Prof. CharlesA. Keith, of the Eastern KentuckyState Normal School at Richmond,who is at the head of the Civics andHistory Department. Prof. Keithwill deliver an interesting address tothe teachers. He has -not yet announced his subject, but it will morethan likely be sonaething having adistinct beaming on the war. Heknows from personal observationevery foot of the country over whichthe big battles are now being fought,and it goes without saying that hewill tell us something highly inteesting. I am especially anxious to have alarge audience present to greet andhear this distinguished speaker andeducator. He is a really "big man,"in an intellectual way, and his address will be a. literary treat. He ispersonally known to many of outeachers, and it should need no urging' to get them to come out and hearhim. But I want to ask and insistthe teachers telling all theironfriends and patrons of the school, ?othat they, too, may be able to hearProf. Keith.Very sincerely,J. B. CAYWOOD, Supt. of Schools.?S Ift WMEDICAL SOCIETY MEETS.The eighty-ninth quarterly session of the Kentucky Midland Medical Society met at Georgetown yesterday morning at ten o'clock. Rep-lesentatives were present from all Jthe counties in the Bluegrass sectionAt the business session Dr. James A.Orr, of Paris, read a paper on thesubject, "Twilight Sleep." At theconclusion of the program the members of the Society and invited guestswere entertained at dinner at theHotel Lancaster by the members ofthe Scott County Medical Society.FREEZING WEATHER AND SNOWVISIT PARIS.From warm weather to freezingMid a light covering of snow was thetwenty-four hour record visitation ofthe, weather clerk in this sectionWednesday. The mercury dropped to30 degrees, which is the freezingpoint. Although the weather had been atrifle cool Tuesday, our people werenot prepared for the sight thatgreeted them when they aroseearly Wednesday morning. A light'all of snow covered the ground, thefleecy particles falling intermittingly through the day.Experts say the fruit has not beeninjured as the cold . weather causedthe trees to revert to a winter state7and the fruit buds that have comeout will not be materilly injured.Gardens have not advanced farenough to sustain injury. The whearcrop is also considered safe.For Sale.1917 Dodge 5-passenger touringcar. Fully equipped. Must be soldto-day or Saturday. Bargain forJOHN M. STUART,Phone 77. Paris, Ky.(lt-pd)Found.Automobile license tag No. 4004'",found on Maysville & Lexington pike,between Paris and Lexington. Ownercan obtain same by paying advertising charges. (12-tf)NewRed SealRecordsFor TheVICTROLA'SPUDDING IN."The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCo., of Paris, are "spudding in" nearAlbert, in the Estill county oil fields,for their initial well. The work isin charge of Field Superintendent.fames H. Moreland, of Paris.March Miniature....... ...64766, $1.00Boston Symphony Orchestra.Darling Nelly Gray64729, $1.00AlmaGluck.The Lord is My Light64726, $1.00John McCormack.8435. Are You from Heaven ?Burr. Give Me the Right toLove You Sterling Trio 75c18437. Tickle Toe VictorMilitary Band. Going Up Victor Military Band 75c18488. Tom, Dick, Harry andJack Shannon Four. Au Revoir, But Not Good-bye Peerless Quartet . , 75cDaughertyBros.. fifth and Main"-Just Arrived!j .New ''SPRING SUITS, COATS ANDDRESSESin All the Latest Colors and Materials -.,ntsNEWSPRING MILLINERYARRIVING DAILYWe also have a beautiful line ofnew Spring White Goods, WashGoods and many other materials toselect from. ,,Come in and Inspect Our Select LinesHARRY SIMONAgents For Munsing Wear, Warner's Rust Proof Corsetsand Eiffel Brand HosieryM .,iJ:" v--1- ' rT'You Will Need a New Refrigerator This Summerand it will pay you to buy anAUTOMATIC!ttai 4tbi 'mrJtottleJioJdeii!An exclusive'feature with tkmAUTQflfATlC!J0 m -, -" "jLs T The nnfAwKW - Vk if rJBUYN ANAUTOMATICREFRIGERATORWater with ice in it should never beused for drinking purposesYour phybician will tell you that.With an Automatic refrigerator you get a built-in, porcelainlined water cooler. It forms part of the wall next to the ice,and requires no extra ice.In other words, refrigerating both your foods and water,your ice does double duty.If you use bottled water you get an extra holder which is apatented article and can be use'd only by the manufacturers ofthe Automatic.The water cooler is lined with snow-white, genuine porcelain and there is always a refreshing drink of cold water if youhave an Automatic, the refrigerator that has everything good,plus.Step in and look at this cooler when close by and ask for aninteresting booklet on the proper preservation of foods, -etc.xJoin Our kitchen Cabinet Club!THE J. T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING' EITHERPHONE" 36, SIXTH AND MAIN STS.mmwwwwmwmttwmmmiif,myi.. v ' rFRIDAY, AERU, 12, I91EZMlfiX. JlJ SAMxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.,,,i ,JU-fXsrmr ,A liiiiij& 0ivW6VS)lv3)S time. sweetmeat 3ymQ -the benefit, the 9IMfcvj Pleasure, the economy 9KiPtl of a 5c Package of 3dSlf Jffltc i( WRlGLEy,sfijJSTJpyAjm U has made it the fa- lHNaliflil l vorite "sweet ration"ri rKft send it to your friend 91 lJM at the front: JK-1 'EW ""irs the handiesn 1i XvOw longest -lasting re- ilVjB wVi freshment he canm I Vjo carry. mW VK f CHEW IT AFTER . Jy TI? ' EVERY MEAL JjJ S The Flavor IastsBj1iMAY TAKEINATIOlfSuiv H TsliBiV 10x"EaM-wkebxtejiGIVENg.- fc, jt, . .-r.fV-The United States Civil ServiceCommission announces that on March27, 1918, the President approved ajoint resolution of Congress suspending, during the period of the presentwar, the operation of the provisionof law which required applicants forcivil service examinations to be examined in the State or Territory inwhich they reside. During the periodof the war, therefore, applicants forany examination held by the Commission may be examined at anyplace at which the examination isheld, regardless of their place of reyidence. ' i1ifi!HI- An act of July 2, 1909, require.!examinations to be taken in the,Statof residence. While this provision issuspended for the period of the war,it is still required that only thosewho have been actually domiciled inthe State or Territory in which theyreside for at least one ,year previousto the examination may become eligible for permanent appointment tothe apportioned departmental servicein Washington, D. C.The Commission expects thischange to make it easier to obtainapplicants for positions in Washington. Competent stenographers, typists and bookkeepers are in great demand. Examinations for these positions are held weekly throughout thecountry. Reperesentatives of theCivil Service Commission at the'postoffices in. all cities are furnishing detailed information and applicationblanks.q te tesjYOUTHFUL PARIS CARTOONISTTAKES CRACK AT KAISERDon't think the youth of this cityare one bit behind others in their patriotism, for they are "right there,"to use a commonplace but very triteexpression. They are right up to thedot on world affairs and take as muchinterest in daily happenings as theirelders. Their grasp of world happenings is something to be marveledat, when one considers how theirtime is taken up in study and in play.A little eight-year-old, Edna Davis,residing on Parrish avenue, has developed a talent for cartooning andversifying that is remarkable. Theother day on her way home fromschool, the little tot produced a pieceof chalk and drew a remarkably truelikeness of "Kaiser Bill," the archfiend of Germany, on the side of a bigwarehouse on Winchester stieet. Underneath the cartoon she wrote theselines:"Old Kaiser BillWent up the hillTo take a peep at France;But old Kaiser BillCame down the hillWith bullets in his pants."Ea T3 ftaGOVERNMENT WANTS ARMY OFBOOKKEEPERS. ,E. M. WHEELER SBIGa a.ffcn lr"'"'"l' . iGigantic sale of 15c men' collar!. crnrTr ninr t?tpjtv. In New York Evening Mail. K &1U' tKur' LKj' J'i a f vSt$$The Best Coatfor Your HouseDo you choose the coat foryour house as carefully asyou choose the coat foryour back?Your house, like your body, mustbe protected from the weather ifit is not to suffer from suddenchanges. When you buy a coatfor yourself, you carefully selectthe material, note how it's made,how it looks, how it's going towear. Be as particular aboutthe coat of paint you buy foryour house.Dutch BoyAnchor BrandWhite-Leadmlxd with pure linseed oil givesa well-made, handsome, lastingcoat for your house a coat thatwill defyi -wind, rain, sun, andsnow. Any color is obtainable.Our aim is not merely to make' sales, but customers satisfiedcustomers.Stockmen everywhere are commenting on the increased demandfor thoroughbred stock of, all kinds.Bourbon county stock dealers havebeen especially active on a good market recently and a number of goodsales have been made. Goff & Ricoof -near North Middletown, report thefollowing sales of Shorthorn thoroughbreds as good prices:To Louisville Club, two Shorthornbulls at $200 each; to the countyagent at Owensboro, two Shorthornbulls for $200 and $225 each; J. W.McLaughlin, of Hillsboro, W. Va.,one white bull for $225; Robert Meteer, of Bourbon, one rone bull for$150, and to Clay Gaitskill, one redbull for $150.Hense Margolen bought of J. R.Butler a bunch of nice hogs, weighing 225 pounds each for seventeencents per pound, and of Mr. JamesEstis, of near Clintc-nville, five 1,C 00-pound cattle for eleven cents perpound.11 mTOR BILIOUS TROUBLES.To promote a healthy action of theliver and correct the disorderscaused by biliousness, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Try themand see how quickly they give yoiia relish for your food and banishthat dull and stupid feeling.(adv-april)So urgent is the Government's needfor bookkeepers that civil service ex-!aminations to fill positions of thischaracter will be held throughout theUnited States each Tuesday until further notice. Women as well as me)iare eligible.Two classes of examinations areannounced. A grammar school education or its equivalent is required ofapplicants for either class, with thefurther stipulation that those whowish to take the bookkeeper-typewriterexamination must have had atleast six months' experience in bookkeeping, and those who would undertake the clerk-bookkeeper examination, one year's experience in clericalwork, six months of which musthave been in bookkeeping. The vacancies to be filled from the registerobtained from these examinations arein the departmental service at Washington and offer entrance salaries of$1,000 a year.These examinations are open notonly to all citizens of the UnitedStates, but also to subjects of alliednations who are otherwise qualifiedfor the positions offered.RUG SPECIALA CAR LOAD OP RUGSBOUGHT AT THE RIGHT PRICEThese rugs must be turned into money quick, though, -forus to get out on them, hence the bargain prices we offer.Room Size Rugs in Floral and ConventionalDesigns.We are not the biggest wheels in the furniture business, but we keep the littlewheels rolling every day. We have not the largest store in Paris, but I have thebest, I have the best selection for the size of stock carried, and I leave you for thejudge of prices.Also a Beautiful Line of Iron Beds Just ReceivedSomething to Suit Every Household.tE. M. Wheeler Furniture CompanyROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSSHORTEN THE WAR.The sooner the irresistible mighrin this great Republic is organizedand put into full action the soonerthe war will end. Every dollar inested in Government securitiesworks to shorten the war, to save thelives of American soldiers and sailj ors.vMICKIE SAYSPR.ETTV LOCKV PER. NE.CLWM.fHM EeWBQtfDON'-f KNOy VMAT ClfcSSVr.irniNV3- wit lURN OUTIN THS SHOP , BR. VO fcE.RUNNIN' THIS wtae. JOBPRESS DAy &N' NQ-H. A. DaughertyNV ,4P8FCMAItLCSCLEANSES YOUR HAIRMAKES IT BEAUTIFULTHICK. GLOSSY, WAVYTry This! All Dandruff Disappearsand Hair Stops Comine OutSurely try a "Danderine HairCleanse" if you wish to immediatelydouble the beauty of your hair. Justmoisten a cloth with Danderine anddraw it carefully through your hair,taking one small strand at a time;this will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt or any excessive oil in a fewminutes you will be amazed. Yourhair will be wavy, fluffy and abundant and possess an incomparable softness, lustre and luxuriance.Besides beautifying the liair, onoapplication of Danderine dissolvesevery particle of dandruff; invigorates the scalp, stopping itching andtailing hair.Danderine is to the hair what freshshowers of rain and sunshine are tovegetation. It goes right ito the roob-.invigorates and strengthens them. lidexhilarating, stimulating and lifeproducing properties cause the hairto grow long, strong and beautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft,lustrous hair, and lots of it, if yo.iwill spend a. few cents for a smallbottle of Knowlton's Danderine utany drug store or toilet counter andtry it as directed. (adv). Pa 13 axAMERICAN ARMY RIFLES SUPERIOR TO GERMANY.American troops are armed with afaster firing and more accurate riflAHi an iicori hv Hia flprmnjiR aoonvrHmrdesigners, manufacturers, and marksmen, says a statementby the Bureau of Ordanqe. Onemilitary critic and writer claims theGerman Mauser does not permit themost skilled user to get more than DOper cent, o'f the firing speed of themodified Enfield adopted for tl2United States service.The superiority clairrfed for thoAmerican weapon is supported onthree counts: Quicker firing as alesult of bplt-handle design, easierand quicker sighting as a result ofbight design, greater accuracy of,bullet flight resulting from bullet design and greater mechanical accuracyof chamber and bore. '"T5UBJBUttJWJM&J1a5Isa19!I3358iS11i5i1-43?IiIigIi5iisKINGA great opportunity exists to-day for the investor in oil stock.Never before has there been such a demand for oil. The Government is calling loudly to the oil operators to speed up work, and assisting-in getting equipment. It will help win the war.The Columbia Oil & Gas Co.expects to start a drilling campaign this Spring and summepon someof its most valuable leases. Drilling rigs are now being moved toour lease in Lee county, which is located in that marvelously richsection. There is room for 15 or 20 wells on this lease, whichshould make the company a rich producer and a very big dividend payer.An opportunity is offered for a short while, to buy the stock at75 cents a share.Write us,at once and we will send you a special letter withsfurther information.A. D. FARLEY & CO.?41404 Courier-Journal Bldg.Fiscal AgentsLOUISVILLE, KY.AAIV.JAFRIDAY, APRIL12, 1918.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.pigs sxrnrVKyPERUNA Best AllAround MedicineiHobe IYouWillPublishThisLetterOptimistic Thought.He who reason rules may with safety rule others.MARGOLEN'SALL FRUITSVEGETABLESFISHAND MEATSare kept inside our store inseparate refrigerators everything screened and freefrom dust and flies.Buy where edibles arekept in a sanitary manner. Our service isprompt.MARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market;xiBjBBJStL?'" ?" BBIHTkeep your shoesneatIBBBYBBBj f HHHk IBBvBvBvBflGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyColumbiaIjSHH rColumbia Grafonola No. A, $18.00Columbia Grafonola No. B, $30.0,0'VBBBmColumbia Grafonola No. C, $45.00ARDERY DRUG COMPANY411 MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYEver MadeMr. W. H. Edgar, 49 Cooper St, Atlanta, Georgia, writes:"I suffered for fifteen years withrheumatic Bymptoms. Peruna curedme and I think it is the best allaround medicine ever made. I hopeyou will publish this letter for thebenefit of others who suffer."Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.FOR LIBERTY BONDS.Surely no citizen of Paris or Bourbon county will need urging to makeour local Liberty Loan drive a success. The war is coming too close tous for any one to profess ignorance,lack of interest or ill-timed pacifisttendencies. The more money the Government has, the better your boy andour boy and the other man's boy andyour neighbor's boy will be takencare of. It matters not what city orcounty he may be from, he is a raeni'ber of the great family of Americanyouths who are now or soon will befighting for liberty of the world, andif it comes t down to a question ofmere locality, let us do our part.You will be .making a splendid,no-n-taxable investment in the purchase of a Liberty Bond. The driveis on here and elsewhere, but it isour duty to uphold the reputationthat Paris and Bourbon county gained in the other two and make theThird Liberty Loan drive one ever tobe remembered.LIBERTY LOANHONOR FLAGLET'S WIN ONEFORPARISGrafonolas1 B rBsff'I flBBYsvfBBL. LB LbbW. bba.BLANCHE SLOCUM TELLS OF EXPERIENCE IN GERMANY.Miss Blanche Slocum, grand operasoprano and a portege of Mary Garden, has returned to Oak Park, nearChicago, after four and a half yearsin Germany."Here I am," she said, "the lastAmerican out of Germany. Germanofficials objected to my leaving, and Ivirtually was a prisoner for weeks. Isuppose they thought I .might telltilings, l certainly snail. or tneGermany I left is a Germany very different frqm the one described in recent books and magazine articles. Ithas changed since their authors werethere. It is hungrier much hungrier. Besides, is is mutinous."Germans Qerman soldiers eventold me. they wanted to see Germany loose the war, they hate thegovernment so. I saw a number ofsmall riots. People shouted, 'Downwith the war! Down with the government!' "Before the war only the poor sidedwith the Social Democrats; now therich frequently do. All classes areinwardly rebellious. The governmentknows. In Berlin here were noticesposted up offering 3,000 marks reward for evidence leading to the con-vicition of anyone speaking againstthe government. Tne proclamationconcluded with:" 'Sad to say, these spies are notforeigners only, but are often foundamong those wearing the field gray.'"Except that the German peopleare frightened, hunted hounds, therewould have been a revolution beforethis."They are half starved. Theygrumble continually. Germany wasnever so wretched as now, never sogloomy, never to eager for peacu,even though peace should mean surrender." When America broke off diplomaticrelations with Germany Miss Slocumwas under engagement to sing Seniain "Der Fliegende Hollander" anaBurnhilde in "Die Walkurie." Thedirector of a Berlin opera house begged her to stay, but this became impossible after our declaration of war.1 W 1USE "CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELSWHEN CONSTIPATEDWhen Bilious, Headachy. Sick, ForSour Stomach. Bad Breath,Bad Colds.Get a 10-cent hox.Take a Cascaret to-night to cleanseyour liver, stomach and bowels, andyoh will surely feel great by morning. You men and women who haveheadache, coated tongue, a bad cold,are bilious, nervous, upset, botheredwith a sick, gassy, disordered stomach,' or have backache and feel allworn out. Are you keeping yourbowels clean with Cascarets ormerely forcing a passageway everyfew days with salts, cathartic pillsor castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove thesour, -undigested and fermenting foodand foul gasses; take the excess bilefrom the liver and carry off the corfstipated waste matter and poisonfrom the bowels.Remember, a Cascaret to-night willstraighten you out by morning: A10-cent box from your druggistrviofina lionlthv hnwpl nr.tinn: a clearhead and cheerfulness for months.Don't forget the children.(adv)tsi s taTHE PRICE OF SHAMEFUL PEACEMore than a billion dollars ofAmerican agricultural exports weresold to the European nations at wawith Germany during 1917. Hadthis Nation maintained peace at theprice of obedience to the German warzone decree, this European marKeiwould have been closed and this bjl-lion dollars worth of agriculturalproducts would, most of them, haverotted on farms and in warehousesor been used in unprofitable wayswith consequent stagnation and ruinto the American farmers.Interest as well as duty urges theAmerican farmer to give nnanacia1support to his Government in thiswar.Buy Liberty Bonds.BS JBej pTjCATAEEH CANNOT BE CUREDwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as theycannot reach the seat of tne disease.Catarrh is a local disease, greatly influenced by constitutional conditions,and in order to cure it you must takoan internal remedy. Halls CatarrnMedicine is taken internally and actsthrough the blood on the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's CatarrnMedicine was prescribed by one of tbJbest physicians in this country forj' ears. It is composed of some of thobest tonics known, combined withsome of the best blood purifiers. Thaperfect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine iswhat produces such wonderful resultsin catarrhal conditions. Send fortestimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.All Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-april)1 LIBERTY AND LABOR.The hope of labor lies in the-opportunitiesfor freedom; military domination, supervision, checks, bondage,lie in Prussian rule.. It is not through a German regime"but through democracy that Jabor isto receive adequate recognition andits realization of its rightful placein the world.DO YOU SLEEP WELL?To be at his best a man must haysound, refreshing sleep. When wakeful and restless at night he is in nocondition for work or business during the day. Wakefulness is oftencaused by indigestion and constipation, and is quickly relieved byChamberlain's Tablets. Try a doseof tlfese tablets and see how muchbetter you feel with a clear headlandgood' indigestion.- " " -. . (adv-april)jwEaMiddleWonieiv,Are Hera Told the Best Remedyfor Their Troubles.Freemont, 0. "I was passing through the criticalperiod of life, being1 forty-six years of age and had alltne symptoms incident to that change heat flashes,nervousness, and was in a general run down condition, ,so it was hard for me to do my work. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was recommended to me asthe best remedy for my troubles, which it surely provedto be. I feel better and stronger in every way sincetaking it, and the annoying symptoms have disappeared." Mrs. M. Godden, 925 Napoleon. St., Fremont,Ohio. , vNorth Haven, Conn. "Lydia E. Pinkhams Vegetable Compound restored my health after everything elsehad failed when passing through change of life. Thereis nothing like it to overcome the trying" Bymptoms."Mrs. Flobence Ibella,Bos 197, North Haven, Conn.LYDIA E. PINKHAM'SVEGETABLE COMPOUNDOur Two Black Jacks"SQIRRELLY HINTQN"AND"BULL SPEARS"will make the season at our place,3 miles from Paris on the Maysville pike,$10 to Insure a Living Colt.These are two fine animals, bigbone, mealey nose and belly and aresure foal getters.Home Phone 3 or 370.TURNEY BROS.PARIS, KY.(lapril-lmo)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlaplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Professional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorney-aMawROOMS 401-402. 'FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYJEye, Ear, Note and JTirpaUROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE HI.Cureswilanci1 preventsTfela most dangerous lATKftp!of all baby chicle dl- ff lUlVDosltlTely -1-preraut.d. If Itf Ft I lUttlor area. "- rmby pan lag or a urojiaoBowta PHn fctrI'ln'tW. JrTkWnr water daring tkfinite daya.Caw. ?:- Wiitia .Vrn-TrHftai tf r "-iiM BflBiBjBlBJIiBSiiilsBjK!!etaa.7 'At draKleta ae Jbf anilboHmM. FdattryBaaklTea," & 4Agedzz&zzz;:-' .'.iSf$mmHt mt& r msA MAN AND HIS WIFE-" VMJWWLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40?Now is. the Timeto Figure on YourSpring PaintingANDPaperingLet Us Make an Estimate for You Before Placing Your Order CallUs Over Home Phone 399.KANEThe Bourbon Laundry..DWIS & FUNK, Props. .Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street.(M.MMMiBHBaMaeiBBiMiMHMBMVBHHJ. L-mi"t iHBl!aBWJi.2-:i)' irP$&-J1Z'" ' ' ' r fr j 'do -work inferior teWMfijBiUter J none, and solicit your- mi j ' t 4q , patronage. n-DT jsd -BourbonPari.V.--ttfyMssreatest goodLYDIA E.P1NKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MAS 5.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the "pleas, ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings ua.Home Phone 1692BROS2t1 Satisfaction is OtrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are . preparedLaundry1.TXHTIn''5HaBamedVCe, afWt Lewlagtea, W;nr.. ' 11r1H"tTHE .OURBON mW8??TRISf&:TV7&1DAY; APRIL it lni 'VF ' "PAGE EIGHT v4:--. -c1', tieligiou: ' .vMILLERSBURG '" "?$ THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOkMMMM.,.2sC.V -Mrs. America Sutler remains'Sftoiit the same..., '.. "". ' ',T J-Mr.'E: D. Balctwih' Was hi' Cincinnati on business Thursday. fMr , J.f Hord- J3arnes has ptfr-chafed a nandsGiafe 'nfew automobileDr andIrs'CnB: Smith leftTuesday for a two weeks sojourn at45-5)aVvs7nJSpfiIgs. ;, .--Quite.ai number frnr jhexet. attended the Sousa Band concert at..Pans, Monday evening.Mrs. Adella Heeding and son,.liave moved to the home of Mi's.Mary J. Whaler, ;rpnv rboms in Miller Flat.Mr. J. M. Alverson and family,-of Georgetown, arrived Tuesday for--a week's visit to their brother andsister, Mr. S. M. Allen, and family,-and Mr. and Mrs,. 0. W. Ingels.; j-The cadets-of the M. M.I. will'jrfvp. 'u nlavlet. "Gousin Gene" inthe M. M. I. Drill Hall on next Friday evening, April 19. The proceed;oi'the evenings entertainment willWe -donated to the purchase of tents'i'and a service flag for the institution.- . ,;Irs. Mattie B. Hawes who has'been at the bedside of her mother,Mrs. America Butler for severalweeks, was called to her home in.Chicago on account of the illness of her-'son, Mr. James Hawes, who is ill'-with p-neumonia. The attack is notthought to be severe.-Among recent guests entertained:by Mr. and Mrs. Jesse M. Alverson, at-their home in Georgetown, were Mr.ad Mrs. Sanford-Allen, Misses Margaret and Bush Allen, Mr. Julian Ailed, and -Mr. and Mrs. Owen Ingels,-of Millersburg, and" Mrs. Louis B."Rogers and Julian Rogers, of nearnparis.'m m m'MATRIMONIAL.' ' SHAW WHENSLEY.Mrs. Mary Shaw and Mr. Geo."Wliensley. both of Cincinnati, cam-ito Taris, Monday, and secured a mar.riage license. They were marri2dTuesday at the home of the officiating minister. Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian church, at thecorner of Main, and Tenth streets.HELBURN PRICE.Mrs. I. B. Helburn, of Eminence,'announces the marriage of her'dsughter. Miss Esther Helburn, ofEminence, to Mr. Lawrence Price,of Paris. The wedding took placeSunday afternoon at the home of thebride's mother, in Eminence, RabbiJoseph Rauch, of Louisville, performing the ceremony.SPARKS RITCHIE.Miss Minnie Sparks, the twenty--year-old daughter 'of Mr. LewisSparks, of North Middletown, andMr. Homer Ritchie, of Paris, Mon--Htana. figured Wednesday in an elopement from North Middletown to Chi-cago, where they were married.Mr. Ritchie, who formerly resided'in North Middletown, and MissSpfarks'had been sweethearts for several years, but on account of thegirl's youth, her father objected toRitchie's suit and refused her hand' in marriage to the swain. Ritchie,who is, a son of Mr. K. I. Ritchie,""--fornierlv of this county, had been on' a visit to friends and relatives in thiscounty for several weeks. On the day" he concluded his visit to his old" 3iome, an elopment was framed uptind successfully carried out, theyoung woman meeting Ritchie by arrangement in Cincinnati, and pro-ceeding with him to Chicago, where"" the marriage took place. Mr. andJVHr-s. Ritchie proceeded to his homoin Montana, safe from further inter -ference, while father, seeing the use' lessness of further objecting, ex--tended the parental blessing.!"fi SB fc '"'TELD'S PINE SPKING I00TWEAE.: ATAEIETY TO SELECT PROM.' As usual, we have a fine assortment-of Spring footwear and a greatvariety to select from.(26-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE..m mmj? 30Y'SC0UT CATflP AT NORTH MIDDLETOWN. J A Boy Scout Camp has been or- -ganized at North Middletown, withthe following members: Mitchell W.' Tinder, Patrol Leader: John W. Tinder, Corporal and Bugler; R. C.Tbomas, Scribe; S. D. McCray,Treasurer: Cash Pence, Albert Y.Wells, Aldren Pence and Paul Clayton, Scouts; F. M. Tinder, Scout-- master; Lawrence D. Mitchell, As-- -sistant Scoutmaster; F. W. Sledd,Walter S.- Meng and L. H. Bryan,Commissioners.;tA New Spring HatFor25 CentsvYou can color your straw hatgfireitrand dainty with&eOLORITE!2 In nost every shade, or you can-color your straw hat to match anew dress.Get a bottle to-day. We have. all colors.Brooks&SntppDrugCo,- . -The tinle for holding, the fejgularprayer meeting service at the Christian church 'has been changed to 7:30o'clockon each Wednesday night.r-7-In.-the absence .of : Rev; W. E.JEnis."whb ia makring'a speaking. tour("in 'Kansas' in.he interest of the Thirdjjbioeriy oan, nis pmpit at Lne unrigtian. church wiirpe filled Sunday byRev.- J.1 D.' Arniistead; pastor of theCynthiana Christiaji church.Tle Endeayor , .Society of theParis 'Christian Church will meet inthe church parlors at 7:00 o'clock,Sunday" evening, Miss Mabel TemjPlin, leader. A special offering willbe 'taken for the nurses in the Dr.TSarrnir Rnco TTncnitnl TTnit fJrt ACAt the quarterly conference 6tthe Bible Schools of the BourbonCounty Christian Churches, held atthe Paris Christian church Friday afternoon it was decided to continuethe quarterly meetings in Paris andfor the summer months to hold amonthly meeting at one of the Christian churches in the county. Themeeting was well attended.The name of Mr. James H. Eveiman, of Paris, who is on the battleship Texas, has been placed on thehonor roll at the Christian church.Young Everman is a son of Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, of Paris. This now makes atotal of thirty-nine young men in thearmy and navy service who are members of this church.The Mission Band of the Christian church will meet Sunday afternoon in the church parlors at 2:30o'clock. The superintendent desiresa large attendance, as Mrs. McClanahan will tell the members of theBand how they can do their best.The Missionary Society of the churchwill meet in the Red Cross rooms inthe court house next Tuesday for anall-day sewing.BAPTIST CHURCH NOTESThe pastor will preach at both.services. Morning service at 10:45.subject, "The man who was honest."Evening service at 8 o'clock.B. Y. P. U. at 7 o'clock. Groupsled by G. P. Tillet, will have chargeof the service.Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. Subject, ''The Palace Room of Heart Rest." Dr. J. S.Wallingford will lead the meeting.Choir practice immediately after theprayer service Wednesday evening.We are anxious for all who sing toenlist in the service. Come out anddo your part.The Woman's Missionary Unionwill hold its regular meeting Tuesdayafternoon at the church. Time 2:30.The subject is "The TrainingSchool."Our church has entered into aspecial campaign for missions thismonth. The Mission Board of theSouthern Baptist Convention will1 aise a million dollars for missions byApril 30 th. The pastor will put thismatter before the church each Sunday morning of this month.Beginning Sunday morning anHonor Roll will be kept in the Sunday School. Every pupil in theschool making a perfect record therethe remainder of this year will bepresented with a handsome Biblowith their name inscribed Qn thecover. A perfect record includes fivethings: Present, on time, lessonstudied, memory verse committed, acollection.?s a feDEATHS.ROSE.William Hamilton Roe, a wellknown Harrison county farmer, diedsuddenly at his home near Poindexter. Mr. Rose was sixty vears olland was a son of the late Joseph andMary Rose, of Harrison countv. Heis survived by his wife and foursons, one of whom. I. N. Rose, resides in Paris. The funeral tookplace in Cynthiana, with servicesconducted at the grave in BattleGrove Cemetery, by Rev. J. P.Strother.WILKERSON.Dr. William Carter Wilkerson.aged sixty-four, who had been a resident of Paris several years, died athis home, Houston avenue, atten o'clock, yesterday morning, after a lingering illness due to a complication of diseases.Dr. Wilkerson, who was a nativeof Clark county, came to .Paris several years ago from Winchester, andestablished an office in the PeoplesDeposit Bank building, anil built upa good practice. He wasa man ofgenial nature, whom everyone liked. He is survived by his wife, andone son, Mr. -Earl Wilkerson, wholesides in Lexington, and three sifters, Mrs. Clay Boone and Mrs. Anna Fox, both of Winchester, andTtfrs. Emma Clay, of Indian Filed'-,,Clark county.The funeral win be hold at. ttefamily residence on Houston avenue,Saturday morning at ten o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. Geo.R. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church. The body, accompanied by the funeral party in automobiles, will be taken to Mt. Sterling,for interment in the Machpelah Cemetery. The pall-bearers will be Dr. J. A.Gilkey,, Dr. J. A. Sherley, Dr. M. H.'Dailey, Dr. A. H. RdMiins, IsaacCrouch, R. p. Hopkins,A. J. Skiil-min, Jr., David Wilson.PROMUfEHT EJEPUBLICAN MAKESPATBIOTIC DECLA1ATI0NMore than 5,000 people attendedthe two Liberty Loan meetings atFrankfort, preparatory to "the driveto raise 1300.000, Franklin county'squota of the Third Liberty Loan.E. T. Franks, or Owensboro, chairman of the Republican State CentralCommittee, said that any Republicanwho did not march shoulder to shoulder with Woodrow Wilson to win thiswar should be lined up against a.wall and shot, . He declared himselfout of politics 'until the war is won.Friday, April 12th. LADIES' AND GOVERNMENT DAYtwo Jadies will be admitted fem one admission, plus the war. tax.Jesse, L.,La&Jky PresentsSesstie Hay akawa"Hidden Pearls".A Paramount- Picture, by Beulah Marie; -. .Dix.King Baggottand Marguerite Snow infifth episode of"THE EA'GLE'S EYE."PricesSAN ANTONIO PAPER COMPLIMENTS PARIS PASTOR.THE NEWS is in receipt of amarked copy of The San Antonio,Texas, Daily Express of Saturday,April 6, sent by Mr. W.-S. Gillispie,containing a complijmentary reference to a lecture delivered at the Y.W. C. A. in that city, on "The Kentucky Mountaineer," by Rev. GeorgeR. Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church. Rev. Combs has beenassisting m a revival at the San Antonio church, and was solicited by alarge number to give his lecture. ThoExpress says:"Dr. G. R. Combs, of Paris, Ky.,delivered his lecture, 'The KentuckyMountaineer," at the Y. W. C. A. auditorium Monday evening to an appreciative audience. At times tholecture was punctured with thetragic and serious as the speakertouched upon the famous and widelyknown feuds which were so prevalentin the mountains of certain countiesof that State for so many generation.Then again he veritably swept hisaudience along witb. him. as he portrayed so vividly the joyous side ofthe mountaineer's life; his log rollings, his corn shuckings and his festival occasions."One of the most interesting andentertaining parts of his lecture-recitalwas the use of the banjo to present the manner of the mountain people as seen in their music, particularly that music which is of a lighta,nd joyous vein, even sometimesreaching the stage of the 'quick anddevilish.'"Dr. Combs is a native of BreaLhitt county,- Kentucky, one of the mo5tnoted feud counties, and many members of his family fell in the feu(jrfirst and last He knows his mountain people, and is well prepared togive a picture of them to the worldin their true light."He is planning a tour of the Northand East for Chautauqua work thissummer. Hehas been booked for thislecture in a series of three at Chautauqua, N. Y., the latter part ofJuly. While in this city he gave twoevenings of fun and entertainment tothe Kelly Field men."While in San Antonio, Rev. Comb''had a rather unpleasant experience,haviner been mistaken bv an armvguard for a spy while visiting' atCamp Kelly, vhere he delivered hislecture to the army men. Some timoafter leaving the platform, Rev.Combs was strolling about thegrounds, taking kodak views of thecantonment, which is mainly an aviation camp. He was taken in chargeby a guard and sent to camp headquarters. Rev. Combs was able toproduce proof showing he was a minister, and that he was a thoroughlypatriotic American citizen and far removed from being a spy. He was released with a warning not to indulge in kodaking in an army campin the future, as it is strictly 'prohibited everywhere.Corporals Guard R. H. Donovan,of Massachusetts, was the cadet whotook Rev. Combs in charge and conducted him to the military policeheadquarters. When he discoveredwho it was he had apprehended heapologized very humbly. "Youneedn't apologize," replied Rev.Combs, "nothing has happened trme in many a day that has broughtme more real pleasure. It has shownme that the military authorities aremore careful then. I thought, and,personally, I would be glad if theywere even more strict than they noware."FRESH SALMON.Nice fresh salmon received for today and to-morrow. We dress themfree of charge that helps. Let ushave your order if you want nicefish.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (9-2t)-B fc 91B-4 FIREInsure withW,0. HINTON &SON,Agtsmpi mMT. STERLING RESIDENCE DESTROYED BY BLAZE. J- The frame residence of Lee O'Rear,on North. M&ysville street, in Mt.Sterling, was parptially destroyed byfire Wednesday morning at an earlyhour. The fire started in the rear ofthe house and the rear portion of theresidence and porch was totallydestroyed. The rest of the home wasbadly damaged by fire, smoke j&nQ.water, much of the household goods'being ruined. The loss will reach approximately ? 3,0 00, partially coveredby insurance. The cause of the blazeis unknown.Flrt, Wind and LightningInsuranctf.ThMiut, Wttfferd & Bryan.Saturday, April 13thPathe Pictures Presents"The Nauiahka"A Gripping Film Story.r Also a Bis. V Comedy"JUMPING JACKSAND JAIL BIRDS"And Hearst Pathe NewsFeature No. 24.At the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children-5c wartax lc; Adult 13c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.LIBERTY LOAN PUBLICITY COMMITTEE THANKS MERCHANTSThe patriotic merchants ofi Pariswho have so liberally donated specialadvertising space in the Paris- newspapers to the cause of the Third Liberty Loan Campaign are:Power Grocery Co.,R. F. Clendenin.R. P. Walsh-, Clothier,J. W. Davis &.Co., Clothiers.Stant. Rummans, Clothier.Frank & Co., Dry Goods.Bourbon Lumber Co.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.Shire & Fithian, Jewelers.Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.Bourbon Oil & Development Co;A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Farmers & Traders Bank.C. P. Cook & Co.Paris Gas & Electric Co.The A. J. Winters Co.John M. Stuart.The liberal advertising being furnished the Bourbon County Committee for the Third Liberty Loan Drive,was only made possible through tlragenerosity of the1 above named merchants, and the Committee extendstheir hearty thanks to them.PUBLICITY COMMITTEE,Third Liberty Loan.To the wife of Mr. Clarence Conwan, formerly of Paris, now residingin Califonia, a son, christened BillyConway. Mr. Conway is the son ofMrs. Lida Conway, of Paris.6BIRTHS.There is a time for business and enterpriseNow is the time toSERVE YOUR GOUNTRYAnd Save it From Wicked Autocracy 1V'You may not have the privilege of DEFENDINGYOUR COUNTRY personally, but you can serve heras well by buyingLIBERTY BONDSarid contributing toward the GREAT CAUSE OFDEMOCRACY.POSNERa : vCOMING? ATTRACTIONS AT PARBfGRAND AND: ALAMO,To-dayr Friday 12 Ladies andGovernment Day. Two latfies admitted on one paid admission ticket, plusthe war tax. Sessue Hayakawa, in"Hidden Pearls;" fifth episode of"The Eagle's Eye," featuring old favorites. King Baggot and Marguarite Snow.To-morrow, Saturday, April 13"The- Nauiahka," Pathe feature filmplay; Biv V comedy; "JumpingJacks and Jaii: Birds;" Hearst PathNews No. 24.Monday, April . 15 MargueriteClark, in "The Seven Swans,"' a fairystory, as beautiful as a summer's day.fully equal tb "Snow White;" MackSennett comedy, "It Pays to Exercise." HONOR ROLL OE THE PARISHOME SCHOOL.The following is a list of names ofpupils who have received first anisecond honors in the Paris HomeSchool, Mrs. W." A. Harp, Director,for the first quarter of the secondpemester:Grade II Kenneth Orr Caldwell,8834, Mary Allice Collins, 93 13.Grade III Bernice Isgrigg, 52.H. B. Thompson; 87. ' 'Grade IV Clarence Freeman Aslturst, 93, Florence Clarke Collins, 90.Grade" VI Dfllard Bird, 92 10-22rFrances Redmon, 91 9-11.Grade VII Mary Letton, 9 5,-AmiWare Myers, 92".Grade VIII Louis Letton, 95 3-20rRobert Smith, 95 1-10.Grade IX Louis Redmon, 92 2-Z,Willa Redmon, 92 11-18.This Space Contributed(DAN COHEN'S)Paris' Greatest Shoe Store.', Monday,, April 15th.Adofph Zukor PresentsMarguerite Clark" IN - -"The Seven Swans"A Paramount Picture a story for every-'body who hasn't "lost their make-believe."CHESTER CONKLIN- and the Sennett Studio Girls in"IT PAYS TO EXERCISE"A Mack Sennett Comedy.AutoServiced !Maufmgof All KindsSolicited.Large Motor TruckNo load too 'big-or bulky for usto handle.I Passenger Service!5-Passenger Car ready at alltimes for Taxi Service inCity or County.RATES MODERATET. G. MorrisByAfvif1TI!BROSAX1.