N"--J ft.NEWS'4PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUMEJXXXVMTv&PPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1918-?UTHE BOURBONvlPRENGH, BRITISH AND TJ. 8.1MR. JOS. GROSCHE NEW I. & N. IN THEARMY OFFICERS HERE.Paris had the honor from Saturday to Manday, of entertaining aMASTER OE TRAINSWhen a young man by hard work,close study and applicatiqn. to hisparty of Army officers composed of j position in life, works his way upliieuts. Hirrop and Fiad, of theBritish Army; Lieut. Brasse, of theFrench Army, and Lieuts. Burgessand Airey and Lieut. Sam ClayWard, the latter, formerly of Paris.The officers were all guests ofLieut. Ward's parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. Miller Ward, near Paris, returning Monday night to Camp Chickaraauga, near Chattanooga, whereLieuts. Ward, Burgess and Aireyare members of the Fifteenth Machine Gun Corps, stationed atChickamauga Park. They had beenon a tour of inspection at differentpoints. Lieut. TPard hrought theparty to his home from Lexington,-where they spent the day Saturday.Although viewing the Bluegrassvnder unfavorable weather conditions, the members of the party expressed themselves as being delighted with Kentucky hospitality!m m mTHE SECRETARY ANNOUNCESSTAKES FOR SPRING MEETSecretary Garret D. Wilson, ofthe Kentucky Association, announces the stakes to be run at thespring nieeting, 1918, to close onFebruary 11. There are five stakesas usual, the Camden Handicap, forthree-year-olds and upward, oneand one-quarter miles, $ 1,5 00 added; the Ben Ali Handicap, forthree-years-bid and upward, oneand one-sixteenth miles, $1,500 added; the Ashland Oaks, for three -year-oldfillies, at a mile, with $1,500 added, an increase of $300over last year's value; the IdleHour Stakes and the Hinata Stakes,the first for two-year-old colts andgeldings, "each has an added value$1,500 this year, instead of $1,200as in 1917. The owner of the winner of each of the above stakes willT)e presented with a silver cup.-Ife ! 1ftTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The public is divided into twofrom the ranks to a higher positionin the railroad world every nieedofpraise that comes to him justlypaid. This is especially appropriate right now.Mr. Joseph J. Groshe, of Paris,who has been in the employ of theLouisville & Nashville for thirtyyears as operator and train dispatcher, and later as Rule Clerk,was on Saturday appointed Masterof Trains for the Kentucky CentralDivision of the Louisville & Nashville, with headquarters at Paris:Mr. Grosche succeeds Mr. JameG. Metcalfe, Jr., who has held theoffice some time. Mr. Metcalfe,who recently received an appointment as Master of Trains for theAmerican and Allied Armies inFrance, left Saturday to report atCamp U. S. Grant, Rockford,Illinois, where he will undergo anan intensive course of training inthe Engineers' Corps, with the rankof First Lieutenant, before proceeding to his duties in France.Before his departure Lieut. Metcalfe was called to his office in theL. & T. buliding at the TentliStreet Passenger Station, where, inthe presence of a large number ofL. & N. employes, he was presented with a purse containing $100 ingold, a girt from associates in thetrainmasters offices. The presentation speech, was made by GeneralAgent W?"v Shaw, of Paris, in hisusual characteristic manner. Lieut.Metcalfe made a brief response ofthanks, and wished them all goodluck.Mr. Grosche's promotion is universally popular with the L. & Nmen, and is a testimonial to hiszeal in the service of the L. & N. inevery capaticty in which 'he hasbeen placed. He has won his spursby sheer pluck and devotion toduty. THE NEWS congratulatesthe L. So N. and Mr. Grosche ..both.ADULTERATED BUTTER MAKERS WILL BE PUNISHED.The Kentucky State Inspector ofclasses. There are those who be- Foods after a searching investiga-"cause they read newspapers, knowtipn. of the sale of food stuffs, hasthat they could not do without announced that he will keep a closenewspapers, and those who because ch on the sale of Butter, andtney ao not reaa newspapers, aretoo ignorant to know that to intel-jligent persons a newspaper is a necessity. To which class do you belong?will hold to a strict accountingevery person who sells adulteratedbutter. This includes Paris, so,somebody had better be careful! -.1FRAN K& CO.Store Closed on MondaysIn pursuance of order of the Governmentour store will be closed on Mondays.ON ACCOUNT OF THE VERY SEVEREWEATHER WE WILL CONTINUE OURCLEARANCESALEUNTIL ALL REMNANTS AND BARGAINSDFFERED ARE SOLD.v.SPECIAL PRICESON ALLSUITSCOATSandDRESSES'SERVICE OFCOUNTRY.THEIRSeajman Garrett Allen Turner, amember of the crew of the U. S.gunboat South Carolina, who hasbeen spending an eight-day furlought with his parents, Mr.f andMrs. W. F. Turner, near Paris, hasreturned to his ship. Young Turner, who enlisted in the naval service in June, is in fine health andlikes his work immensely.Prof. Josiah Combs, a member ofthe Paris High School faculty, hatendered his resignation, which hasbeen accepted by the Board of Education. Prof. Combs has reportedat Camp Zachary Taylor near Louisville, where he has enlisted in tnearmy Y. M. C. A. work. Prof.Combs has been succeeded here byMiss Roff, of Mayslick, Masoncounty, who has assumed her duties. Lieut. Clay Ward, of Paris, whois on duty at Camp Chickamauga,near Chattanooga, Tenn., as an officer in the 15th Machine Guir detachment, was a guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward,near Paris, from Saturday to Monday. Capt. J. V. Gross, who was stationed here last summer in chargeof a detachment of the KentuckyNational Guard, quartered in thecourt house, was a recent visitor inParis, en route to his home in HaivIan. Capt. Gross is now with theKentucky troops at Camp Shelby,Ilattiesburg, Miss.Allen Ferguson, who is only sixteen years old, one of the youngestnoncommissioned officers in theUnited States, who is a radio opera-jtor on the U. S. S. Michigan, isspending a fifteen-days' furlough atGeorgetown with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Earl Ferguson, formerresidents of Bourbon county.Mr. Harmon Turner left yesterday for Cincinnati, where he willgo before the Navy ExaminingBoard to stand examination, for admission to the U. S. Navy. Mr.Turner has been accepted by thelocal Board.GIRLS SHOW- EOOD ADMINISTRA-,TORS ABOUT "EATINGS."The young women students ofthe home economics department ofthe University of Kentucky gave ademonstration to the Food Administrators of the district under thecontrol of former Parisian Wm. E.Simms, Saturday, at the PhoenixHotel, Lexington. The luncheon.CUUaiBlCU Ui UUUllUt, ""vu fc tjwweminent has asked the people tojsave.Among other substitutes therewere oatmeal biscuits, cornmealsalad wafers, and last but notnot least, eggless, butterless andmilkless cakes. The luncheon wasstrictly patiiotic throughout. Afterthe luncheon a meeting was heldfor the purpose of discussing thevarious rulings of the food administration and for the transaction.of routine business. 'Those present - at the meetingwere James H. Combs and Wm. E.Simms, of Fayette county; John T.Collins, of Bourbon' county; DavidPrewitt, of Clork County; S. 3.Pinney, of Montgomery county,Frank Curry, of Harrodsburg; E.B. Hoover, of Jessamine county:Chas. McLeod, of Woodford county;Charles Strassner, of Frankfort,and Ernest Ripy, of Lawrenceburg.-We advise the purchase of all needs as earlyas possible, as prices continue to advance.FRANK &.CO.SOLDIERS AND SAILORS MAYWRITE EOR THE PAPERS.Persons in military service arepermitted, under certain restrictions, to write for publication innewspapers and magazines. Theymay not receive payment for material furnished by them.All letters containing matter forpublication written by men m service must be sent through officers,who will delete all leferences capable of furnishing important information to the nemy.Regular newspaper correspondents not in military service aie notrequired to submit copy for censorship, being guided by the request;for secrecy published by the Committee on Public Information. If'these are ignored the privileges of! the camp may be withdrawn in the, disci etion of the camp commander.None of these rules apply totroops in France, where the commanding general of the Expeditionary Forces will establish ' such regu-lations as are necessry.ii i-TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.Mr. Robert S. Abnee, of Carlisle,has been appointed by CountyJudge George Batterton, as administrator of the estate of his brother,Mr. Milton Abnee, who died in Lexington several weeks ago. MrAbnee accepted the trust, and qual-ined by furnishing bond in the sumof $1,500, with Mr. Ellis Westfall,of Carlisle, as surety. James McClure, William Shire and "CharlesN. Fithian were named to appraisethe estate.Wn te 1BCHANGE OE TIME IN CLUBMEETING.ACCEPTED REGISTRANTSThe following thirty-four youngmer were accepted Saturday as being physically fit for the U. S.Army service at the examinationiieid before the Bourbon CountyBoard of Exemption, seven beingaeciaied physically unfit:Henry Ward Beecher Bell.Charles H. Butler, Jr.Charles Howard Day.Edgar Williams DodgeRoy Hoard Lovell.Willis Jacoby. 'Charlie Nichols.Virgil Harney.Claude Linville.Lewis Rankin s.Ben Howard. vJohn M. Stuart.Silas Smith.John .Williams -WebbR. Weaver Talbott.Robert M. Pollitt.Carl Lenox.James Claypool.Howard Cornealson. .Lee Grimes.Spencer Rigg.Mike Shannon. 4Milton Prebble-Hervey Herrington.Canlus Wells.Jess Guess.Elmer Caywood.Adrin Rabey.Nelson Robert Craft.John Mabry Terry.Jesse Roe.'Walter Brown Crump.John Jerome Langenfels.H. C. Peterson.James Mclntyre.Sherman Jennett.William Thomas Genedon.George Edward Burns.John Frye.Earl Brown.Homer C. Robertson.Simpson D. Rainey. "Edgar King Lovell.Will Rhorer.Robert Thompson Evan5.McClure Crouch.Tteynolds Buckler.Archie B. Lucas.William Anderson Parker. -NormanB. Moss.R. Mitchell Brown.Josiah Ashurst Jones.Harry Hubble Chinn, Jr.Walter Johnson.Robert Montgomery Adair.William Everett Fryman.Allen Curtis.Burnam C. Carmichael.Clarence Rogers.Will Hughes.William Jerome Burns.William P. Quinlan. ( ,-SUBtice Lee uutnne.John .T. Price.Russell Clay Day.. m m iREAL ESTATE DEALSsrJg- iJgS&!!& . SSSS MONDAY NOT TO A&mm..i. Arxij.xaixrxLWXO. j .UXiLrJL UUUX4XltY FARPTRCFayorable report on the War Department's bill amending the selective draft law to require registration of men as they reach twenty-nne rroartj and Tiaala minfoa rvr ffi.aw v.,u . , h" " i I A jumpixumuei ui mu m v,w xT iiwrau brush to a gold mesh Dag and allof on State populations, was unan-t1,oi. TOifVl ma f? r.imusly ordered by the Senate mill- j Paulie Frederick, although toSu comnu"e- . - i Imost people it would represent eith-3e pr2p?V exempt ?" er an enlarged waist band or hat"X::r:ilZXL l .. r oth, at the very least.ANDLAND SALES.Mr. James W. Ferguson, formerlyof Paris, sold his farm in Fayettecounty, three mile from Clintonville, containing 447 acres, to J, R.Taylor and Varden Shipp, of Clintonville, at a price not given outfor publication.Mr. Wm. P. Fisher purchasedlast week through the Paris Realty Co., the Moore farm, located onthe Centerville and Jacksonvillepike, containing about 91 acres,at a private price. The RealtyCo. also sold to Mr. Wm. T. Bryan,of near Little Rock, a portion of theWilcox land adjoining the farm ofDr. D. S. Henry, containing twentyacres, for the "owner, Mr. BrownleoYates, at a private price.Through the Paris Realty CornCompany, Saturday, Mr. B. L.Yates, of Madison county, purchesed of A. G. DeJarnette the latter'cuburban home of five acres on theBethlehem pike for $2,500.The residence of Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, on Houston avenue, whichwas advertised in THE NEWS to besold at public sale on Friday, Febluary 15, h been sold at privatesale. Mr. "Claude M. Thomas, ofParis, was the purchaser. Theprice paid for the property was notjriven out for publication. This isone of the handsomest and mostconveniently arranged homes inParis.pa m mBAPTIST MINISTERS HOLDMEETING IN LEXINGTON.Miss Clara Bacon. Chairman of A teleenram to Jas tt Ti,Am-the AllHome Service Section, is in Secretary of the County Fuel Conf'leceipt of letters from Cleveland, mittee, from Wiley F. Bryan, StaUOhio, from "The Home Service Sec- Fuel Administrator, said:tion of the Red Cross," urging the "Weekly .and semi-weekly newsdependents and relatives of men papers are exempted from the oivenlisted in the U. S. Army and der of January 17."Navy to at once apply for War Risk This jineans these newspapers -Insurance.Men who are enlisted can operate on heatless days,in either branch of the service Heatless Mondays have been susprior to Oct. 15, 1917, must make pended in all States south of Virapplication for insurance not later ginia.than Feb. 12, 1918. Men who have In announcing this Fuel Adminsince enlisted have 120 days from istrator Garfield said improveddate of enlistment in which to ap-. weather and traffic conditions ha&ply for this insurance. jmade further enforcement in thMiss Bacon, as Chairman of the South unnecessary,local All Home Service Section, is I ith the total abandonment ofasked to urge Relatives of men in heatless Monday throughout all thathe U. S. Army and Navy service to States south of Virginia Fuel Adat once get.in touch with their ministration officials were hopefulsoldier kin and have their applica-; that continued warm weather anTdtion for War Insurance ade out improvement in railroad trafficat once. - would permit relaxation of the'or-Any relative of an enlisted man der all over the United States,can secure blanks for application As Saturday was observed generfor the War Insurance by calling ally as a half holiday and as toon County Attorney D. D. Cline, at day is Lincoln's birthday anniverthe Court House, who will assist sary, there will be a three and onerelatives of enlisted men to makehalf days' shutdown. Officials beout this blank application, and for- j lieve this will go far toward relieVward to their relative or relatives ing the situation. TheoriginaL rm tne u. b. Army or Navy service program called for the last heatlesaifor their signature.Relatives and friends - of enlistedMonday on March 25.The States affected are North andmen are urged to give this matter, South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia,xneir immediate attention tnah Florida, Alabama, Mississippi andtheir loved ones may be amply t Louisiana The first section of theprotected in case of mishap in the , closing order establishing: a nrefer-great conflict now being waged iential list in coal distribution andagainst Germany.MEN MAY HAVE TO REGISTER force.AS THEY REACH 21.the section providing a penalty fornon-compliance ' will continue iuPAULINE FREDERICK IN"DOUBLE-CROSSED" TO xMORROW. vfrom the scrubbing-1have not been drafted, which wasopposed by Provost Marchal General Crowder, was not included inthe bill.In her newest Paramount picture,' "Double Crossed," PaulineFrederick appears as the beautifulwnnrnr' it-ifo rf tt -wronlfTiv 'hrnlrp'r inAn amendment proposed by Sen-!f trftaf trt hai. rnip in "Timator New, of Indiana, to require th t Lives wWcIl immediiegistration of youths of nieteen-tel preCeded it. "Double-Cro-yearsand over also was rejected. ed.. Vi be sh0wn at the Alamo.,, ,., J5 Z7T ..mi Theatre on Wednesday afternoonUJBiX U-LiiiAJM mi,! mum TUfci.ana at the Paris Grand at night.STATE AUTHORITIESEXPERT ACC0UNTA2nrHElErfew - fThe .Auditor . of State at Frankfort has- put his official seal of quietus upon the settlement made withhim by former Sheriff Wm. F. Mr. W. H. Garland, of LexiniTalbott, which was recently con-'ton, will arrive in Paris this morn-sumated by Mr. Talbott. Mr. Tal- ing and begin his duties on tne cu,bott also made a settlement in full books. Mr". Garland is an expertwith The Bourbon Fiscal Court, re- accountant and has been engagedceiving a clean bill from that body, by the City Council to audit themaking him now free from official apcounts and books of the city,.cares, gating back several years.WE KNOW HOW 1i Do Ycu Suffer With iCOLD FEET?The Bluegrass Ministers' Conference of the Baptist Church wesheld in Lexington, yesterday morn-iig, tne aeddiuu ucuiug cbt dvst&it .. . .. . . -r. ..iio clock, in tne inrst baptist cnircnLiRev. Dr. T. C. Eaton, pastor of theCavalry Baptist Church, " Lexington presided.The principal address of th3meeting was delivered by Rev. Dr.P. W. Eberhardt, formerly pastorof the Paris church, and now incharge of the Georgetown congregation. His subject was, "Faithand -Reason:" Rev. R. C. Goldsmith represented the Paris Baptistchurch. About r thirty ministersfrom the Baptist' churches of" Lex-;ington and adjoining Bluegrasscities attended the meeting.if( i1 1rIf You Do, Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSole ShoesYour feet will never become cold and damp. There is,no other shoe made that will give you the same comfort andservice that Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes will. Made witha soft velvet-like cushion sole that rests thnsp ap.hincr -fepr.and an invisible cork inner sole that keeps the dampnessm from seeping in, -Dr, Reed's Shoes are made m all styles -and sizes. Black Vici Kid and Calf Skin$9.00 PAIRSLAYER QP CURRENT WAIVESEXAMINING TRIAL.The Paris Literary Club willjmeet in the surgical dressing roomj at the court house at 9:30 a. m. to-morrow for an all-day meeting, toJ help in an emergency call for sui-igical dressings., for the Red Gross.j j-uey wm nave tne literary proigram in" the same room at '2:30ip. m. - , J v 'The case of Frank Johnson, colored, charged with the killing ofZepp Lee Current, in Paris, severaldays ago, was called in the CountyCourt yesterday morning beforeJudge Batterton, Johnson - whowas nqt present in court, was represented by attorneys. 'Thrbugh his legal representativesJohnson waived the examiningtrial, and was held without -bondto appear before the grand jury atthe March term of the BourbonCircuit Court. -r-The Nettleton Sh6e You All KnowMany customers in Paris and Bourbon county have beenwearing these well-known shoes year after year, and forthe man who has ever worn a pair of Nettleton Shoes he isamong our satisfied shoe customers. Nettleton Shoes holdtheir shape, and no matter how long you wear them youwill find they hold their original shape until the last bit ofwear has left them. .$12,00 and $12.50jj MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats Manhattan SMrtsDuafald Haalth Uudtrwr 'JjWr-ft-MflUTWtrrnTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY5jcinMDjLfnnirART:- it.5feirJUif1 $IISTHK BOURBON NEWS.- aMished 188135 Year of Con': tinuoui Publication.- - ' hllhrl PvftPV Tifecriav inri Prlriiv.L C 'v1 r -Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00." r-r Payable in Advance.WIFT Ct!AMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon taeeharacter, standing or reputation of7 person, firm or corporation whichmkj appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will he gladly corMoted 12 brought to attention of theAltor.ADVERTISING RATES. Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.v Reading Notices, 10 cents per linech issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candl' dates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.. Special rates for large advertise'Cients and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved'to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication..Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.e-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-.Stamp Out Politics.." - The assertion of Senator Stonethat Republican members of Congress are lining up against the ad--niinistration, is untimely and unwise. Even if true which fewpeople believe it would be mostiruwise on the part of the administration to take note of it. PresidentWilson and his Cabinet have beenentrusted, under the constitution,with the conduct of the war, and-the great mass of the Americanpeople are satisfied with the progress they are making. That therehave been mistakes made, none willJeny. But these mistakes have notbeen of such nature as to alienatethe support of Republican members.Naturally, the elections of thecoming summer and fall call for organization of all parties, and this isgoing on, the Democrats as well asall others. This can be done however, without in any measure taking from the loyal support of the-war program. "We believe it will beso done." Senator Stone should rememberthat his own loyalty is of the forced brand. At the head of the Sen" fcte Committee on Foreign Affairs,he opposed the United States entering the -war, up to the very last, J: lie pledge his support to the admin -lstrauon. ie nreaictea an mannerofr calamities "for the country, and-tliere will not be wanting those whowould accuse him of cherishing a.- desire to come back with an "I told;you so."rThe Senator is practically alonein bis fears for the country r The'other party leaders seem satisfiedwith "the splendid support accordedrtle President's war policy by hispolitical opponents, -and which sup-jKrt they have every reason will beVcontinued.r .."V Raise Some Chickens.Chickens, as we understand it,may be eaten 'on meatless days."1The Government advises the use of- chickens. It advises families to' raise family-sized flocks of chickens,TtrAdvises the use of eggs which also-r-e meatless day food.Inx Kentucky those who have' plenty of chickens are well fed. Itong 'has been the contention of' TJCE'NEWS that everyone who canshould sunnly his own table fromhiown poultry yard. Now, as-.never. cbefore, that project is lnvit-ing.'2 Jgtie price of feed is so high that;"ie Government is not advising- poultry keeping on the large scale.jtplocs advise family flocks and the.utilization of all w.aste products ofga&eii and kitchen as chicken feedInfcxddition to a-necessary amount'" ofgrain.v Spring is approaching aitnougn'-yoji cannot observe its approachr -Snd it soon will "be time to start- ySr small poultry yard.; ".-; Woman's Extravagance.- How much is said and written.upcra, this subject. Now pause a'moment, my dear masculine friends,anC let us compare notes. We willbe.ry brief and only enumerate avery, yery few, so as not to taxyow -patience in the leas or wearyiis- -h. aiiiur- comnarisons. To betfBmimKmamtammssmaimmmmmmammBammmmimmmmm"t-SeT'- ' ' ... - .great pr&gidlousnilel toyour junf eminine "eyel? but "could not rthe entire lot be bought with the moneythrown away in-your cigar slumps?Our darlirig bonnets, 'thoughsolilliputian in this age, we admitcost a trifle, but so do all those luxpries over the way where we, poorsouls, never care nor dare to enter,and where even you for modesty'sake, have to go in at the back entrance. Our silks and satins, costless than your broadcloth. Nowsaying nothing of your clubs, andthe secret associations to which youbelong, but . ignoring all these,where are the superfluities of oursex, I would ask, not overbalancedby those of our own? Where arethey?A Base Libel.Pennsylvania "Grit" says'. "Anuplift organization has" set out tofind and reform the champion badboy. Look for the lad with red hair,freckles and a 'yaller' dog."The writer of the above shouldeither be sentenced to a heavy penalty for libel, or fired from his jobfor his woeful lack of knowledge ofhitman nature. In the first place,he hasn't given a single "symptom"of the bad boy.First, red hair. Now, who eversaw a red-headed boy who was acoward? Cowardice is the mostprominent characteristic of the really bad boy. It is utterly impossible io reconcile badness withbravery. The bad boy is also asneak, and the fiery-headed youngster is too impetuous to even entertain a sneaking thought. He is,if anything, too frank and downright for his own good in this ageof diplomacy.And freckles! They usually gowith a pug nose, too. Fancy thecombination in a "bad" boy. Why,he is the incarnation of all that isjolly, rollicking, sunny temperedand all round "clever." He is everready to oblige, and really delightin doing a favor. He may be atease, he's-an inveterate rogue forfun and practical jokes, but badnever!And owns a "yaller dog." Themost damnable libel of all.Psychologists have sought in vainto account for the strange affinitybetween the boy and his unlovelydumb friend, but one thing sureit Is there and in full force. Canit be that in the poor brute the urchin finds tllat for which he vainlyseeks elsewhere reciprocal lovethat is perfect and without a flaw?If would fully account for the "yaller dog."If the unlift society ever findsthe typical, bad boy, he will bear notthe slightest resemblance to Grit'spicture.First, he will be outwardly faultless. His person and his mannerswill be found pleasing, and hissmile will be perculiarly winning.He will be accomplished, even polished, in his conversation. Andthen he will never be brought tothe notice of the uplift society forthe reason that all this charm ofperson is almost sufficient to blindeven the agels of heaven to the factthat at the core deep down in hisheart he is BAD, rotten as a German spy.Yes, he is walking the streets ofour cities and towns every day, butthe uplift society will never gethim.Id E3EAT WITHOUT EEAROP INDIGESTION OESOTJR, ACID STOMACH1 Instant Relief! 'Tape's Biapepsin"iiuua iuui mumawi a-tress Try It!Wonder what upset your stomach--which portion of the food did thedamage do you? Well, don'tbother. If your stomach is in a revolt; if sick, gassy and upset, andwhat you just ate has fermentedand turned sour; head dizzy andaches; belch gases and acids andeructate undigested food'; breathfoul, tongue coated just take alittle Pape's Diapepsin to help neutralize acidity and in five minutesyou wonder what became of the indigestion and distress.Millions of men and women today know thatit is needless to havedyspepsia. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps the stomach sweetened and they eat their favoritefoods without fear."If your stomach doesn't take careof your liberal limit without rebellion; if your food is a damage instead of a help remember the quickest, surest, most harmless relief isPape's Diapepsin, which costs onlyfifty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful itstops fermentation and acidity andsets things straight, so gently andeasily that it is really astonishing.(adv)PUBLIC GIVEN WARNINGTO SHOOT PIGEONS.NOTThe Army Signal Corps has requested the public to refrain fromthe shootingof pigeons. Numerouscomplaints have been made thatcarrier pigeons of the homer typehave been shot ' by hunting expeditions, and the important work of'training the birds for military service has been seriously interferedwith. Army pigeons are labeled"U. S. A. 18m m m'The old-fashioned serious manwho couldn't Je led intd temptationnow.has a son. who beats the leaderili&U-jSTHRIFTif":Wmjt3STAMP CAMPAIGN' IN PARIS SCHOOLS BY LOCAL BANKSChairman S. E. Bedford, who is in charge of the Thrift Stampsale in Bourbon County, assisted by a number of prominent Bourbonbusiness men, have started the big drive for the sale .of BourbonCounty's quota of $348,000 worth of thrift stamps. Although thecampaign is just getting fairly under way, the sale of the Thrift Stampis meeting with great success.: In order to interest every school child in Paris in the sale of ThriftStamps, officials of the four banks in Paris have agreed to presentto each child one thrift stamp This stamp will be attached to a cardon which will be fifteen other blanks for additional Thrift Stamps,and it is expected that the children will immediately make everyeffort to fill their cards with additional Stamps as soon as they can.These cards, each holding a Thrift Stamp, will be placed in the hands ofthe school teacher of the child, who, however, will be supplied withreceipt blanks which will be turned over to each child owning one of theThrift Stamps. The following rules for the distribution of the cardsand Thrift Stamps have been adopted :PLANS FOR ISSUING THRIFT CARDS . kTO SCHOOL CHILDREN BY THEBANKS OF PARIS11 sum hi nilNY child attending a public or private school in Paris may secureone of these Thrift Cards.To secure a Thrift Card the pupilmust apply to its teacher.The card will be issued in the name ofthe pupil when the pupil has delivered onestamp to its teacher. This stamp will bepasted on a Thrift Card, together with oneadditional stamp which will be given bythe Banks of Paris.The Thrift Card shall be kept by the"teacher. The pupil will deliver the additional stamps to the teacher as secured,which will be pasted on the Thrift Card.To the first Four Hundred pupils whoget fifteen stamps on their cards will befurnished (free) another stamp. This willcomplete the Thrift Card, when it can beexchanged for a War Saving Stamp by thepayment of about fifteen cents.Cards will be issued by the teachersto the pupils, on which will be written arreceipt for each stamp as delivered to theteachers. These cards will be kept by thepupils.The time for filling the cards will belimited to the close of the school, which thochild attends, in May or June 1918.The Banks of Paris recommend theWar Saving Stamps as a fine investment.This is an opportunity for thedren to help the Government.An additional incentive to encourage the children to acquire ThriftStamps as soon as possible to fill their card is held out by Mr. N. F.Brent, of C. S. Brent & Bro., who has promised to donate four hundred additional Thrift Stamps to that number of children who are thefirst to get fifteen stamps on their cards. Mr. Brent agrees to supplyeach of the first four hundred chiWrea with their sixteenth ThriftStamp.Parisians are interesting themselves in the sale of the ThriftStamp because they not only "Help Win The War," but they pay fourper cent interest, compounded quarterly. . These Thrift Stamps mustbe bought largely by everyone, however, as not more than $1,000 inThrift Stamps can be owned by any one person. Call on your bankerto-day and buy liberally of Thrift Stamps, fhey are a safe and giltedged investment.DREADFUL COUGH CURED.hv frJh n w ft?- 0lnl0wed'by a rough cough for which Cham-berlam's Cough Remedy has provenespecially valuable. Mrs. F. W.Olsen, Marysville, Mo., vrifps- I"About two years ago my little boyJean caught a severe cold and scoughed dreadfully for days. I trieda. uumuei ul cougn meaicmes outnothing did him any good until lgave, him Chamberlain's Cough IRemedy. It relieved his cough right1away and before he had finished,uiKing one oouie ne was cured. Ithink it is just fine for children."(adv-feb)Real Requirement.-Find me the man who suits theplace ; not a man the place would suit.The old-fashioned housewife whoipound ?8'00used to beat her beefsteak with amallet now has a daughter who usesa tack hammer.FOR SALEHandsome set of furniture for"den." Consists of cellarette,double settee, with table attachment, floor clock, secretary, centerable, etc. Set is finished in mission and is good as new. Can bebought at a bargain; Call at THE!BOURBON NEWS office. Both jphones 124. (tf)Children's Day.Beginning Saturday, Feb. 2, andeach Saturday thereafter, will makespecial examinations of children'seyes. If your child is backward inhis or her studies, and you havesuspected eye strain, bring them tome and have a thorough examination made of their eyes. You owethem that much. Remember, everySaturday. Prices reasonable.DR..W. R. FRANKLIN-jS2mmaV-Kchil-FOR RENT.' desirable house, on Main street;has five rooms and bath; good biggarden.(5-tf) J. T. KINTON.y i T L CIDUneY I ODSICCO OC.COFor Sale.The Vimont-Kelley variety is inmy opinion the best Burley everaiscd in Kentucky. The Dolan &Goodman crop sold in Lexington at45 cents, was from my seed. ' Mr.Wm. Dudley has the record at Louisville with the same. Why notuse the best seed recleaned at theExperiment Station. 1 ounce $1.00,4 ounces $3.00, pound $5.00. J.C. E. MARVIN,Payne's Depot, Scott County, Ky.(l-4t)Administrator's SaleOFBank Stock!The undersigned administrator ofJohn W. Tanner, will, onSATURDAY,, EEB. 16,JL918,at the Court House door in Paris,Ky., beginning about 11 a. m., expose to public sale the followingbank stock, to-wit:1st Fifteen shares of the CapitalStock of the Bourbon AgriculturalBank & Trust "Co.2nd Ten shares of the CapitalStock of the First National- Bank,Paris, Kentucky.TERMS Said sale will be mad3upon credits of six months, purchasers to execute bond . with goodsurety to be approved by the undersignecr bearing interest from .dateuntil paid, at the rate of 6 per cent,per annum, or purchaser may payBOURBON AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO.,As Administrator of Jnor W. . Tanner, Deceased. .. , ..--- K"&.. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.. ;J4PulIMiWHj.:-vy3-?:I will sell at public auction, on the premises, on '."Friday, February 15, 1918,at 2 p. m., my residence, situated on Houston Avenue. House containsseven rooms, two halls, three presses, linen press, toilet on first floorand bath complete on second floor. Attic over entire seconoTfloor; fittedup and can be used as bed room and store room. Cellar under entirehouse, hot air furnace; electric lights and piped for gas. Front and"back yard, grape arbor, garden and chicken yard.- Stable with three;box stalls, buggy shed, drive through center of stable and feed room.Lot 87x317 feet, all fenced.This is a splendid opportunity to secure a magnificent house, located in an excellent neighborhood.-TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments of onj3and two years. Deferred notes to bear interest at the rate of 8 percent. . vFor further; information call(feb8-12) -., . ;jBLUE GRASS FARMAT AUCTION!On Thursday, February 19that 11 o'clock, we will sell, on the premises, the E; P. Gorham,farm, located on the Old Union and Newtown Eoad, about onemile from Newtown Station, and containing 165 acres. About,100 acres of this farm is in wheat and the balance is in grass.." ItJwill be sold in two tracts, as follows: '-No. 1. Contains 100 acres, on which is a comfortable " --two-story frame residence containing 7 rooms, -twotobacco barns, tenant house and otherbuildings. Also plenty of good water. iNo.-2. Contains .65 acres unimproved, with, abeautiful- building site near the pike.Both of these tracts have a good road frontage, and the farmis admirably located, being near churches, school and railroadstation.This farm will be sold on very liberal terms, to be announcedat time of sale. Possession given March 1st. Inspection may be:made of the place at any time. -SECURITY TRUST COMPANY(feb8i3t Ltxlttton. Ky.WANTED!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTEE. -jDEFiRTMENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.WeDoMe-Treading and !VulcanizingC..S.BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pfeastnt St. .andsome Residence!1,S-onHARRIS & SPBAKES.MRS. S. BL WILMOTH.Iof All KindsiIX,z41a.t'ii.-yr .tfeKSlf)-.-,' -,'&5:.-'-JMBi . js: ? :, :??' JBkt- V -. f.j" v ."Ujf--'si'rt4 'ri?-?? .;-" jC" -.!&? v'3ti,X3- 9ftr.1&i2vf.-s"X.Jj,'., ' 'l J'rtl;,1'"'".' "5 2 dCMainkSt;VI -. !! H ttH fttjk- B MH 'fl. HHHIHHi tflH 'MM w mmjbb -r - " ys "a-'"q"r'P' r"w - rir MV 1H bb bbVBh H H I Bfl r B b bV HH iflifnning February 1 4th our bigger and better February and March Sale will start, on that date as heretofore andntil March 31 st. Everything in our store will be marked in plain figures on the bis yellow tag, so you won't havpTn"y without being waited on, as you can see what you 'want and the price marked so-vou ra , s. ,Begim mcmue uncn iviarcn j i st, tverymmg in our swre win oe mdrKtu in piain Tigures on the bis yellow tag, so you won't havp -go away without being waited on, as you can see what you 'want and the price marked so-vou ra wii- .-i l7T1 I want you to help us make this our best of sales. Our stock I Jz 1 ?ot goods is compiece witn anycning you need for the home.Every room can tie furnished complete here. -So rememberl-fft -f !- FohrnafV 1 zlfh nnrl 4Aill rnnlinun -si b- - -mmM-M . . , - -.-... . W......M Mim, iviarcn jislWheefer's Feb. and March SaleBEGINS FEB. 14THand continues until the 31st of March.Everyone look for the Big Yellow Tags.LOOK FOR THE BIG YELLOW TAGS! - -Wheeler's February and March SUStarts February 14thand lasts until March 31st. Get thehabit and find the Big Yellow Tags forBargains.Iron Beds- WE SELL THESIMMONSBEDSand during our- Februaryand March Sale you willfind the Simmons Bedat a big saving. A fullsize Iron Bednicely finished. .$3.95Other Simmons Iron Beds, during tA CA , r a aour February and March Sale ?.bU UP to Z5.UUteiHLibrary TablesTo make yourliving room lookright you musthave a LibraryTable. With somany to pickfrom, let' ushelp you to getthe kind youwant.SmallTablesOur floors arewell crowdedwith many newpatterns of tables, and bybuying now youwill save,'a nicesum, and wewill be pleasedto show you. -Go-Carts and Reed BuggiesTo the Mothers; a beautifulbuggy. We are showing a beautiful line of Reed Buggies forthe little ones, and the pricesare right.WE WANT YOUTO SEE THEMwith our stock so complete andthe prices so reasonable.Dining TablesOur car load of tableshas just arrived for ourFebruary and March Sale.The finish and style arehere and the prices arein the big saving for you.A beautiful AmericanSquare Top Table, $12.00now $9.Q06-ft. Pedestal Table,American finish, $18.00now $14.00Look For the Big Yellow Tag that SavesCHAIRSand RockersWe have a beautiful line of Chairsand Rockers for you, and while you arethinking of something for your room, letus show you how low priced we have themFor OurFebruary and March SaleBrass Beds;1TS (fA beautiful Brass Bed just likecut, in the Simmons make, alow priced bed at $30.00, duringour February and March Sale$23.75Look For The Big Yellow TagRugs! Rugs!You will need a Rug thisSpring, while we have so manypatterns for you to select from.9x12 Axminster Rug40.00 now $32:009x12 Axminster Rug$38.00 now 30,009x12 Axminster Rug$55.00 now ' 44.009x12 Seamless BrusselsRug, 125.00 now. . 1 8.759x12 Seamless BrusselsRug, 30.00 now.. 24.0011-3x12 Seamless BrusselsRug, $40.00 now.. 30,0011-3x12 Seamless BrusselsRug, $45.00 now. . 33.00KitchenSeller'sKitchen CabinetThe many housewives willtell you how a woman can freeherself by buying a Seller'sKitchen Cabinet, and in buyinga Seller's Kitchen Cabinet youwill find the best servant of thehome.Our February and March Sale$50.00now$40.00CabinetsA Solid OakKitchen Cabinet' i iY i . miThe ReliableRangeThe solid cast range thatis built to wear and last,and to make'the cookinga pleasure. A rangethat will not rust out andwill always-keep up thegood looks and good baking. . That is what thehousekeeper wants, andduring our February andMarch SaleThis $60.00 ReliableCast Range for .$48.00Look for the big yellowag. A big saving on allstoves.Nicely finished, with plain woodtop, with flour bin, a nice piece,low priced at $18.00-Our February and March Sale$13.75Other Cabinets$24.75, $28.50, $32.00Watch the YellowTag that will save foryou.Floor CoveringsInlaid and Printed Linoleumsin many beautiful patterns.$2.50 Inlaid Linoleums now $2.00$2.00 Inlaid Linoleums now 1 .60$1.90 Inlaid Linoleums now 1 .50$1.25 Printed Linoleums now 1.00$1.00 Printed Linoleums now .8085c -Printed Linoleums now .65We Lay- All Linoleums DuringOur Mark-Down Sale.Look For the Big Yellow Tag!Grass and Matting -RugsOur Spring Rugs are here,with the color and size. -Youwill be pleased when -you seethem and the prices are right.We Want You ToCome, Whether YouBuy or Not. -Look For The YellowTagOddDressersFor the one piece of furnitureyou are needing for the roomour many Odd Dressers that weare so well stocked with. Anystyle you will want you can findhere, and the prices are made soreasonable during our Februaryand March Sale.A Solid Oak DresserLike Cut$24.00NOW $18.75Dining Room FurnitureA beautiful Walnut Dining Room Suit, the William and Mary,, during ourFebruary and March Sale, with arm Chair to match, upholstered in solid blueleather, something you can feel proud of.Regular Price $259.50, Feb. and March Sale $207.60Bed Room FurnitureA very beautiful Old Ivory Bed Room Suit, a very large Dresser, a triple-glass.Dressing Table, a beautiful Chiffonier, a fullTske Bed, thejcplpr of old (.119 AAivory, is perfect. Regular price $140.00; Feb. and March Sale L yl 1UULOOK FOR THE YELLOW TAG !Look for the Big Yellow Tag; it will Mean So Much to You, as it Saves So Many Dollars For You !TRY TRADING ATWHEELER'S r-YOU'LLLIKE IT. OUR FEBAND MARCH SAL&A. F. WheelerFurniture CoOpposite Court HouseCHAS. GREEN. Manager- S"f EL'S FEB. ANDMARCH SALE- . ,TRYTRADING AT WHEEL-CBfC VAIlHi.niinParis. Kentucky - - - y - - -I Hmy -4:-r r-'-. - ---5.s'HH.--ABE BOURBONT JNEWS, PARIS, KY.1AM ionTOTBDAY, FEBRUARY 11,ItlS.xV1 .V-ir!i -PAY HCEHSE TOGBEEH C0FEEE.3UYi, JL telegram received from, thetJnited States Food Administrationat Washington states that all persons who buy green coffee are subject to license even though they sellphly roasted coffee." It .requires that all importersand all other buyers of -fresh coffee(excepting retailers doing businessof less than, one hundred thousanddollars year) must immediately apply' to the License Division, U. S.rood Administration, at Washington, D. C, for the required licensewlilch became effective as of dateof February 4, 1918.V This information came to Parisyesterday in a telegram from Mr.Fred M. Sackett, of Louisville, Federal Food Administrator for theState of Kentucky, and is expectedtq.be enforced as rigidly as hasbeen the other mandates of theGovernment in its food conservation campaign.Public SaleOFStock, Crop and FarmImplements.- Beginning at 10 o'clock onFriday, Feburary 22, 1918,t the Mrs. Sallie Hedges place,near Talbott's Station, on Peacockpike, about 4 miles from Paris, IvIll offer at public sale the following: 1 sorrel mare, broke to work,lady broke;1 black mare, coming 8, good,driver and worker, in foal;2 bay Percheron mares, coming4, both in foal and good workers:2 sorrel fillies, coming 2, halter"broke;1 bay horse colt, coming yearling; j1 red cow, fresh in March;8 stands of bees;2 yearling bull calves;8 red shoats;1 three-year-old Jersey cow;2 red sows;1 bay yearling colt;1 Mitchell 'wagon good as new,hay frame and bed, holds 16 bar--rels;1 section harrow;1 mowing machine;- '1 new Bull rake;1 dump rake;1 new iron roller;2 riding Hicks cultivators;2 Valcan plows, No. 14';1 hay box;2 double-shovel plows;1 four-horse dray: "KUST. 2 five-shovel plows; -ih1 Jonesville- check rowtr. ,1 1 Bemis- tobacco Mtter good asiiew;1 marker3 new heary log chains 12 feet. .. a?2flly 2,-purs cnecu: lines;1 feKl sled:' 1 Oliver Chilled land plow;.4 pairs work -harness;1 set buggy harness; ,3 pairs stretchers;X.ot of double-trees, single-treedand la links;- 1 iron digger;1 tarpaulin, 18-ft. wide and 30-ftlong, good as new.About 3-wagon loads of secondhand lumber;0L -7-ft. woss-cut saw;1 big tool house on wagon, 24-ft.long, Me. 9 -in wide;1 "machine, "Shot;"Lot of hog meat and can of lard,1 big heating itove.F. G. SMALL,. . Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 6.CM. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.t4)i Public Sale of Desirable Residence.x 1 1 will sell at public auction on the premises, (219 East Main St.,)' . WEDNESDAY, FEBRUAEYSO, 1918, AT 2 P. M.,ray residence, containing five- rooms, reception hall, bath complete, nat--uralgas, electric lights, butler's pantry, large well lighted attic, circular porch, with front and side entrance, 7 foot well lighted dry cellar under entire house, flowers, fruits and vegetables have never frozenin the 'most severe weather.This residence is in first class condition, being recently painted andpapered and is on a native stone foundation, having concrete walksand shade trees.It is situated on a two acre lot; and newly fenced. Meat house,new garage, hen house 'and stable, with a never failing well close byand macadamized road to street.This is a rare chance of securing a nice home close in, with allcity and country conveniences.Possession will be given five days after sale.- -TERMS One-third cash, balance in equal payments, due in oneand two years. Deferred payments to bear 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale."" ' u JAMES W. CONNELL.For further information call on HARRIS & SPEAKES,' or owner,(J. W. Connell), who will take pleasure in showing prospective buyersthis property. (Feb 12-19)Farm For Sale at Auction.TUESDAY, PEBETTARY 19, 1918, AT -1:30 P. M., .on the premises, rain or shine, on the Centerville and Jacksonvilleturnpike, and known as the old Moore farm, now occupied by Jesse-Jokes, who will show all prospective purchasers.Tie improvements consist of a 5 room cottage, good as new; a 4stcre "tobacco barn and all necessary outbuildings. A beautiful place tolivvamd is well watered and fenced. There is 5 bushels of onions al-'ready planted; 20 acres sowed in wheat and rye, and considerable landin-clover. This tract of land contains 9 acres.TERMS Jade lenown on day of sale,At thesame time and. place we will sell the following stockcrop ana implements:, About 15 tons of fifty;About 20 -barrels of corn;Some fodder;1 slife; ,1 .BJofcic corn- planter; x1 riding cultivator;r-tvH, nNNEY, Auctioneer.rNEWS OP WOMEN'S WOEKINTEEESTniG TO CLUBWOMEN.The Paris Literary Club.Leader Mrs. Sutherland. 'On January 6th the TwentiethCentury Club of Millersburg elected the following officers for theensuing year:President Mrs. Arthur Best.Vice President Miss Agnes Purnell. Recording Secretary Miss RuthMcClintock.Corresponding Secretary MissOlive Fisher.Treasurer Miss Alfa Ball.Program. February 16 AmericanSculpture.The Decorative Motive Miss1Gaines.The Ideal Motive Miss Jones.John Quincy Adams Ward, thePioneer Miss Purnell.The Originality of BarnardMrs. Miller.St. Gauden the Master MissFisher. -""Hostess Mrs. McClintock.The Progressive Culture Club.Response Emerson.Washington Irving Miss Harris.Ruskin Mrs: Sharrard.Brook Farm Miss Bacon.Art Club.If the weather conditions permit,the members will be called byphone for a meeting on Saturday,Feb. 16 th.Thrift campaigns begins thisweek. The schools of the town andcounty hope to do a big "bit."Though Uncle Sam expects by thisplan to realize ?2, 000, 000, 00.0, hehas so arranged matters that eerypatriot can take parr. Me wantsevery boy and girl to have a sharein it.The schools are the laboratoriesof good citizenship. We would haveour children not merely escape theills of war; we would teach themto be in a constructive way citizens of the America that is to be.We have no right to withholdfrom them their opportunity.Let us greet them asSoldiers of ttie common good!Rebuilders of civilization!Moulders of the destiny of theworld!Their task is ready, encouragethem to assume it.Start them with a Thrift Stamp.At the Red Cross rooms thisweek:Tuesday Woman's Society Christian church. -Wednesday Episcopal church.Thursday Young Woman's Mission Circle.Friday Presbyterian.The chairman urges that l&rgtrQuotas come from each organlztrttton. The work lagged duringJanuary because of the severeweather. The need for workers isvery urgent.The Y. W. C. A. Fund has reached 1,050, with a small sum yet uncollected. The captains who secured thisfund and the citizens who subscribed would feel a iust nride couldi they know all the splendid reportsthat are coming in of the inestimable service already rendered by theHostess House at Camp ZacharyTaylor.The Surgical Dressings Department will be open for work on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursday and Fridays. Thursdays set aside as cutting days.- Forty-four (44) pairs of soclessent in by the Clintonville Circlether output for January.Winchester expects a large delegation to-day from Bourbon to theSeventh District meeting of theKentucky State Federation.J 50 bushels of potatoes;9 yearling calves;10 shoats;Other things too numerousmention.to4-sT A T T CREALTY CO. '. lf- .;.,.Feb;.,12-15THE WEATHER.Rising temperture accompaniedby two whole days of " sunshine(just think of that!) have givenParis humanity something to be alittle bit thankful for. The sno'wand ice which has covered -theground since Dec. 7 has rapidlydisappeared and a few more daysof this kind of weather will see itsfinish. 'v Streams through the county werebank full and choked with floatingice Thursday and Friday' liberatedby the thaw. Residents of EastParis going to and from theirhomes were startled Friday nightby the loud crashing and grindingof immense cakes of ice, as theytore their way along the rocky bedof Stoner Creek, just below theParis Milling Co.'s dam. The icejam placed several bridges in danger of being swept away. Some ofthem were rendered unsafe by theice jammed against the supportingpiers.Country roads and city streetshave become more accessible totraffic, for which let us all returnthanks.During the cold spell hundreds offine fish were frozen solidly in theice in ponds throughout the county. Blow-holes which had been cutinto the ice for them froze overagain, rendering the fish prisonersin their own habitat and inaccessible to air. Mr. Wyatt Thompsontold THE NEWS man of seeing alarge block of ice which had beentaken" from a pond on Mr. ThomasHenry Clay's place, which contained several fine fish frozen solidly inthe center of the block. .An ice gorge several feet hignswept down South Licking riverSaturday night and carried with itthe heavy iron structure that spanned the river at a point, about oneand a half miles from Cynthiana,known as the Woods bridge. It isa complete loss to the county, thebridge piers both beingtorn away.The wooden bridge that spans theriver at the intersection of Bridgestreet and the Leesburg Tike, atCynthiana was also put out of commission by the washing away of oneof the piers, and .another was partially destroyed. The bridge dropped several inches and was renderedimpassible. This is one of the landmarks of Cynthiana, built-in 1833.With the return of warmerweather the gas pressure has improved very perceptibly, and coal isbeginning to come in in largerquantities. Seevral cars were received Saturday. A car of coal ordered two months ago by the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. arrived Saturday. Two long trains of emptycoal cars, en route to the coal minesin Eastern and Western Kentuckypassed through Paris Sunday. One"of the trains was said by a goodestimator in the L. & N. service tohave been nearly a mile long.CLARK COUNTY MAN NOWCHAMPION WING SHOTThe last of a series of six liy-e-birdshooting tournaments, the firstof which was held in October, wasbrought to a successful conclusionat the Hill Top Gun Club's groundsat the farm of Mr,. Alfred Clay, nearAusterlitz. vAbout fifty noted trap shooterswere in the contest. The successfulmarksman was Mr. Ben D. Goff, ofClark county, who made a score of96 "out of a possible 100, therebycapturing the" title of Kentucky'schampion wing shot. In addition towinning the title Mr. Goff was presented with a beautiful silver loving cup valued at $150.The score made by Mr. Goff issaid to be one of the best ever madeat a shoot of this kind, and it 5spredicted that 'it will stand as a record, hard to equal, and hardly possible to beat. Mr. Goff's competitorswere picked from among the bestlive-bird shooters in the State.AhhSTATEFLEE MARSHAL'S BIEN-NIAL-REPORT.Through the courtesy of ChiefDeputy State Fire Marshal EdwardHite, formerly of Paris, THE NEWShas received a copy of the StateFire Marshal's Biennial Report forthe entire State.The report is a very comprehensive one, covering all phases of fireprevention and fire fighting, with adetailed statement of tne conditionof "the fire departments in the Stateand a mass of other useful information. lTS IKSB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsfe fat im. HIS BUSINESS BURNS.Mr. G-. II. Nunnelley, of Georgetown," received a message from hisdaughter, saying that her husband,Mr. J. Lindsay Nunn's big wholesale and- retail electric house hadburned in Oklahoma, entailing aloss of $60,000, with $54,00 insurance. Fire, Wind and LightningInsuranceThomas, Woodford & Bryan.TEACHERS' MEETING SATURDAY. At the meeting of the BourbonCounty Teachers' Association heldSaturday in the office of CountySuperintendent J. B. Caywood, themembers spent several hours in reviewing and discussing "Turner'sTeaching and Reading." Reportswere read indicating "progress madein interesting, children in the saleof Thrift Stamps. The teachers received tneir cnecks for the flfthJmWALSH'S SALEof Men's, Young Men's and Boys'Overcoats and MackinawsAT SPECIAL PRICES!TO YOUR ADVANTAGE!HIS is an event which brings to you the opportunity to make your clothmoney ao doubleuvercoat crets mrv. """ " " ciuru in vaiue. were giving you achance to buy merchandise that is advancing every day and they will be worthmuch more next Fall, but we want to make roam for next season's goods, and itwill be to your advantage to buy now.Come In and Benefit by the Savings This Occasion Affords !MEN'S OVERCOATS$30.00 Overcoats cut to $25.0027.50 Overcoats cut to 22.5025.00 Overcoats cut to 20.0022.50 Overcoats cut to 1 7.5020.00 Overcoats' cut to 16.5018.00 Overcoats cut to 14.5015. 00 Overcoats cut to 1 1 .5012.50 Overcoats cut to 9.5010.00 Overcoats cut to . . 7.98MEN'S MACKINAWS$15.00 Mackinaws ctit to $12.5012.50 Mackinaws cut to 9.5010.00 Mackinaws cut to 7.988.50 Mackinaws cut to7th and MainThe Paris GrandThursday, Feb. 14thThe Big Valentine CelebrationBud Fisher's Latest and Greatest Success!The Musical Comedy Sensation !H h A v B B 'ft mh BPB B B m KM HB b I?H B20 MUSICAL NUMBERSand the Latest Songs of the DayDon't Follow the Crowds Get There Firstpluspluswarwartaxtax50c,duty an occasion when everythan if i..,i .. iBOYS'$12.50 Overcoats10.00 Overcoats8.50 Overcoats7.50 Overcoats6.50 Overcoats5.00 Overcoats4 00 OvercoatsBOYS'$7. 50 Mackinaws6.50 Mackinaws5.00 Mackinawsv . 6.98CASH-R. P. WALSHOne-Price Store3c5cSEATS NOW ON SALE!esdollar you pay for ianur . .OVERCOATScut to $9.45cut to 7.95cut to 6.95cut to 5.95cut to 4.95cut to 3.95cut to 2.95MACKINAWScut to ... 7 $5.98cut to 4.98cut to 3.98i-NO APPROVALS!Paris, Ky.75c, plus vyalv tax 8c$1.00, plus war tax 10cNlA4k.. t-easasoi:., --4.-- -I scholastic r,month. ,s- "r1;- s.- ..4'VVtittJ- v-A --YTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1918.THE BOURDON NEWS, PARK, KY.ypmrK4sIFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO CANVAS ATBACKET STORE.PARISBuy your tobacco canvas from us.PARIS RACKET STORE.(12-2t)RED CROSS SEWING.The ladies of the Christianchurch will have an all-day sewingm tne Ked cross sewing rooms atthe court house to-day, (Tuesday)February 12. All the ladies areurged to come prepared to do agood day's sewing in the Red Crosscause.COMING EVENTS.After the fuelless Mondays andin between the wheatless, meatlessand other less days come Xiincoln'sBirthday, St. "Valentine's Day,Washington's Birthday, Easter Day,April Fool Day, May Day andHeaven knows how many otherdays when"" everybody gets a vacation but the poor hardworkingnewspaper men. Lent begins thisyear on "Wednesday, February 13,and Easter comes on Sunday, March31.SORGHUM MOLASES.New barrel of fine sorghum molases just opened.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.-LESS DAYS Iff POOD LINE"Monday1 Wheatless allmeatless breakfast.Tuesday Meatless allwheatless after 6 p. m.day;day;Wednesday Wheatless all day.meatless breakfast.Thursday Meatless breakfast;wheatless after 6 p. "fa.Friday Meatless breakfast;wheatless after 6 p- m.Saturday Porkless all day;heatless breakfast; wheatless afterG p. m.Sunday Meatless breakfast;wheatless 'after 6 p. m"."1 BD. A. R. ENTERTAINMENTFOR WAR BELIEF WORKThe Jemima Johnson Chapter ofthe D. A. R. will entertain with apatriotic card party on February22, Friday afternoon, from 2:30 to5:30, at the Masonic Hall.Bridge and Five Hundred. Admission 50 cents. Refreshments.Those desiring to reserve tablesshould telephone Mrs. W. G-. Talbott, Cumberland phone 907.Proceeds devoted to war reliefwork.is s toREAD AD OF SMALL FARM ATAUCTION FEB. 19."In another column see the advertisement of the 91 -acre farmon the Centerville & Jacksonvillepike to be sold at auction on thepremises, Tuesday, Feb. 19, at 1:30p. m.PARIS REALTY -CO.(12-2t)FARMERS RESPONDING TO CALLFOR STATISTICS.The call recently issued by County Superintendent jt- B. Caywoodfor farmers to furnish a completelist of live stock, crop averages,amount of crops on hand and available surplus, is meeting with aready response by Bourbon countyfarmers. All reports must be inihe Superintendent's office by nextFriday, February 15. Those whohave not filed their lists are requested to call at SuperintendentCaywood' office in the court houseand get the proper blanks.m m mKNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS TO CELE-BRATE ANNIVERSARY.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, of this city, will havean important meeting at their Castle Hall on to-morrow (Wednesday) night, at which a full attendance of the membership is requested. 'On this occasion the lodge willcelebrate the fifty-fourth' anniversary of the founding of the order,whichxfrom a small beginning, hasgrown to be one of the most flourishing fraternal orders in theworld. At a social session held Sunday afternoon a committee appointed for the purpose, arrangedthe program which is to be observed at the celebration.m te iDRAINS BEING OPENED.The street cleaning department,under City Foreman MaJlaney hasbeen busy opening the gutters anddrains throughout the city. Snowmelting and then freezing in thegutters into solid cakes of ice hascaused the gutters to fill up andoverflow. In order to take care of- the surface water the street cleaning department has been openingdrains to drain the water off thesidewalks and into the sewer intakes. A prominent traveling man who"makes" all the Central Kentuckycities, says that of all the townshe -visits Paris has the best keptstreets and pavements even in suchweather as this. He says many ofthe. towns he Jias visited recentlyaretin a deplorable way so far astraffic on streets and pavementsareconcerneandthatitiS'.si, realtreatto get to Earls.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.3fiss Anna Burns has returnedfrom a visit "to friends and relativesin Louisville.Miss Mary Welsh is visitingher sister, Mrs. Richard O'Donneil,in Cincinnati.Dr. and -Mrs. J. T. Brown, arein St. Peterburg, Florida, for anextended visit.Mr. Carl McNeil, of Somerset,is visiting his mother, x Mr. J. H.McNeil, near Paris.:MissFrances White, who hasbeen very ill for several weeks ather home near Paris, is improving.Mrs. Felix Newman, of Falmouth, is a guest of her brother,Mr. Lucien Terrill, near Clintonville. Mr. and Mrs. John Stuart, ofnear Paris, are guests of friendsand relatives in Shelby and Owencounties.Miss Charlotte Cram has returned to her home in Mt. Sterlingafter a visit to her cousin, Mrs.Chas. E. Butler.Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Taylorleft yesterday for a sojourn at theWest Baden Springs Hotel, WestBaden, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser andlittle son, have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Edward Carson, in Richmond.Miss Bessie Hamm, of Cynthiane, was a guest several' days thepast week of Mrs. J. C. Merringer,on South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bell andlittle daughter, Miss Helen Bell,have gone to Dehart, Texas, tospend the remainder of the winter.Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb assisted the newly elected Clerk ofthe Nicholas Circuit Court, Mr.Martin McCann, in "learning theropes" last week.Mr. and Mrs. Louis HurshelHumble have returned to theirhome in Somerset, after a visit toMrs. Humble's parents, Mr. andMrs. I. D. Thompson, on Duncanavenue.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the State Game, and FishCommission, came over from Frankfort Sunday to spend a few dayswith relatives in the city andcounty.Lieut. P. A. Thompson, formerly of Paris, now in the serviceat Camp Custer, in Michigan, is aguest of Mrs. Thompson and children, who are temporarily residingin Paris.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Powellhave moved 'from Harmon avenueto Lexington, Mr. Powell's run onthe Louisville & Nashville havingbeen changed from Maysville toLexington.Mrs. Wm. R. Scott, of Louisville, and Mrs. Redmpn Talbott, ofHarrods Creek, Jefferson county,have returned to their homes aftera visit to Mrs. A. S. Trimble, inNorth Middletown.Mr. John Barlow, a prominent,farmer of the Hutchison vicinity,is a patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, suffering from pneumoniaHe was reported yesterday as being in a critical condition.Mrs. Hiram S. Redmon andchildren, of Frankfort, are guestsof lier father, Mr. A. P. Bryan, atNorth Middletown. Mr. Bryan,who was injured recently by a fallon the ice at his home, is improving. Among the Paris people who attended the performance of "Experience" at the Lexington OperaHouse were Mr. and Mrs. Will G.McClintock and daughter, Miss Valette, Mr. and Mrs. J. O. MarshallJames McClintock, James M.O'Brien and Wm. B. Ardery.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann,ofnear Paris, was one of the guestsFriday afternoon at the gatheringof the Friday afternoon BridgeClub at the home of Mrs. CurryTunis, on Fayette Park, Lexington.The home was beautifully decorated with spring flowers and plants.Luncheon wes served. The clubprize, a hand-painted candy box,was won by Mrs. Minerva Goodwin.. Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington, spoke before the Filson.Club at Louisville recently, on thesubject of "Old Taverns in Centr.alKentucky." She gave a very interesting description of the old taverns in Paris, one of which, heIndian Queen Inn. was locatedwhere Shire & ,Fithian's businesshcfuse now stands and the others located near Paris on the old Limestone Trail, now the Maysville &Paris pike.The Traveling Men'sColumnin Sunday's Lexington Leader hasthe following: ""Noah Rose7.a charter member of our drum corps andall round good fellow, was up theL. & E. the past week. Noah represents Spears & Sons, Paris millers.... The boys certainly appreciatethe courtesies shown them by thenewspapers in . copying extractsfrom this column regarding the doings of Hhe traveling men. Theysay the best friends they have arethe newspaper men, and that theboys behind the pencil in the news- fpaper offices realize the travelingmen as a live force of hustlers."Among the out-of-town guestsat the wedding of Miss MargaretWillis and Mr. Vaughn P. Drake,last week at the home of Mr. andMrs. Harry B. Clay, on Duncanavenue, "were the following fromWinchester: Mr. and Mrs. D. T.Matlack, Judge and Mrs. J. M. Benton, Mr. and Mrs. B. R. Jouett, Mrs.Anna-Mitchoffer and children, Mr3.N. P. Van Meter, Misses -Anna, Coleman and Elizabeth VanMeter, MissCarrie Featheringill, Mr. and Mrs.P. Y. Drake and Miss Beulah Drake,Mrs. ' Fleming Quisenberry, Mr.Carlv Hendrix, Mr. and Mrs. Winston Prewitt, Mr; David Prewitt-,Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Duvall, Mrs- Lee Evans, MeMra Lewis-Flynn- andHugh HcDonuld, "Misses -ElizabethStewart, Martha $&Ginn,is, Louise.Kohlass, and Virginia Jouett.Mr. J. M. Scott is a visitor inCincinnati this week. -Mr. James M. McClure left thisweek for a business trip to Washington, D. C.-Mrs. Katherine Davis Craigand ilttle son, John Craig, havebeen ill for the past week sufferingwith tonsilitis. " yMr. Ireland Davis was able tobe down town yesterday for thefirst time in a month, having beenquite ill at his home on Duncanavenue.Messrs. T. H. Clay, Jr., JohnStuart and Reuben Moore left thismorning for Louisville to attendthe Lincoln Birthday celebration inthat city.Mr. John Howard remains critically ill at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Snapp, in East Paris, withbut little hope for his recovery.Mr. Howard is a member of thefamous Bourbon county family ofthat name whoywere noted for theirheight and weightsThe Woodford Sun says: "Examinations are in progress at Margaret College. The second semester begins next week. The following additional boarding .pupils haveentered the college: Misses MaryBelle and Ruth Murray, of Frankfort; MinnieGalloway, of Paris,and Mary Stafford, of this county."The Tampa, Fla., social correspondence of Sunday's LouisvilleCourier Journal, says: "Mr. andMrs. Ira Park and son, from Richmond and Paris, Ky., are vamongthe more recent arrivals at Eusti";for the season. Mr. and Mrs. A.L. Buckner and son, from Paris,Ky., have joined the winter colonyat Eustis, leasing the Keys cottage for the season .... Mrs. FrankClay, from Paris, Ky., is amongthe arrivals at Eustis, where she isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. Dan B.Scott."jm fto yaiour inquiry Department.Anxious Inquirer: In answer toyour urgent request as to why thatbig bill board has been erected onthe court house lawn, will informyou that it has been placed therefor the use of the United StatesFood Commission, the State FoodCommission and the Bourbon County Food Commission. It will beused from time to time in givingpublicity to the food conservationmovement. It was erected underthe direction of Mr. John Collins,of Paris, Food Commissioner forBourbon County. Yes, we agreewith you that it mars the beauty ofthe lawn, but then everything goesin war time! And this publicityis a very necessary thing in keeping the people alive to the importance of food" conservation. sGovernmentWantsMechanicsU. S. Government must have menfor ship building. It needs mechanics, riveters, iron-workers, painters,blacksmith and carpenters. Standard wages paid, housing furnishedtransportation from a distance.(Register with Buckner Woodford,Jr., Bourbon Bank, Paris, Ky.(5-4t)VAJustReceivedAShipmentofQ. R. S.PlayerRollsZS .X 'I-('DaughertyBros, rC . zV&S- rFINALCLEARANCELadies'Skirts,Suits$20.00$25.00$35.00$35.00$45.00$50.00values now wvalues nowvalues nowvalues nowvalues nowvalues nowBEAUTIFUL MILLINERYFurs, $5.00 values now ."110.03 values nowfi.5.00 values now$20. "0 values nowIX. 00 values now$30.00 values, now.HARRY SIMONWBwwwwftiquaidtiwmmM35S1a!February and March Sale1I35$-435i38-23ii1353l5sSV!-iA3fimi.:ri, iiiiinnnniim.il "iiiiiimiiiiniin"P"" Jaiiffr" lw 11? -Now is the -Time to Get ThatLIBRARY TABLEAt a Big Saving45.00 Library Tables, sale price $36,00CiA (C T.iVwoT-ir TaKlps. sale nrice 3200i3;gS ipiU.UU J-llfcAW.J.,7 -..w, Im $30. UU LilDrary laoies, saiesd fc07 KH T.JKi-orv Tahlpcj a1p3ZY.oU LilDrary laDies. saie3! "-r.. m 11 " 1sd Qon nn T.ihfovr Tnhlps salpSS VV.VV XM.M.J , Jr$18.00 Library Tables, 5ale$15.00 Library Tables, sale3SNo Goods Charged at 20 Per Cent.No Stamps.THEJ.T.HINTONCOMOTOR HEARSEEITJWERPHONE"of Our Entire Stock ofSuits,Coats, DressesFurs and Millinery$10.001 2.50y 1 5001 7.5022.5025.00$20.00 values$25.00 values$30.00 values$35.00 values$45.00 values$50.00 valuesOur Entire StockAT HALP PRICE. . .$ 2.50- 5.007.5010.001 2,501 5.00SkirtsAll the remainder of our Stock x ofWomen's Dress Skirts now go at justHALF THE PRICE for which they formerly sold.Regular $5 to $15 values ,Salt Price $2,50 to $7,50Attend Ourand Save Moneypuce vvnrice 22.00pricenrice?:- s - 2. 4"hffc- -...... .-...... vvcvvr- 14.40-.. 12.00priceprice.MOTOR INVALID COACH367SALECoatsnow $ 1 0.OOnow 1 2.50now 1 5,00now. ." 1 7,50now 22.50now 25.00ofWhen we have asale we give thebest bargains it ispossible for you tofind anywhere. Youcan save 20 percent, on any articlein our stock.See the bargains we. areoffering in our Big CashSale inRugsMattingsLinoleumsBuy now and have delivered when wanted.Discount and No. "s-UNDERTAKINGHV feSIXTH AND MAIN STS.-nr ' t ,"3FTiK ly- "-,-.i-11.VTHE BOURBON NEW8,PABIS,,KY;THMDAY, TKBRVAXX IK 111.22JJ. -3U ,;?rf-Vr-i-3Nt'1itit-X K.G. A STUMS AJTOTHEE"DBIVE" FOE HJNDS.throughout the South this weekthe Young Men's Christian Association, has begun a one-week's intensive drive to raise the sum of$125,000 for the Black Blue Ridge'Association at Black Mountain,near Asheville, N. C.Pive divisions, Kentucky, Arkansas, Maryland, West Virginia andthe District of Columbia, have beenallotted goals proportionately onehalf those of the other States, thesefive heing partially served by similar associations and training schoolsat Silver Bay, N. Y., and LakeGeneva, 111. Kentucky's allotmentto he raised has Heen placed at $7,--500.-a,. - - -INDIGESTION.5S - Take a few doses of Chamber---- Iain's Tablets as directed for indi-" 2 gestion, and you will soon forget"" about your stomach troubles. Try4t(advfeb)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aKr GarlandCabinetRange. A beautiful line of Garlands on tflsay. Come In and look thtm ovtr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)wMmmmmmmmytSSmmmmmySmW&smmWS0,"INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company-&VH-DAILY SALESExcept Mondays and Saturdays-The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.vVV"2,000.MEN TO HANDEErOBSE&For work in the enlisted Veterinary Corps, 2,000 men not subject tocall under the selective-service laware wanted. They will be assignedto duty in veterinary hospitals andfor other purposes in the corps.Service overseas can be expectedshortly.There is particular demand forveterinary and agricultural students, farmers, stablemen and othtrs accustomed to handling horses.A few men of the following occupations will also be accepted: Horseshoers, saddlers, pharmacists, cooks,typist, and stenographers.Pay for enlisted men antf noncommissioned officers ranse from$30 to $56 a month,- food, clothingand quarters. Applications for enlistment can be made at any army"recruiting office.CHILD'S TONGUESHOWS IF HVER OilBOWELS ABE ACTIVEIfCross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Give Fruit LavativeAt Once.Every mother realizes, after giving her children "California Syrupof Figs," that this is their ideal laxative, because they love its pleas-. ant taste and it thoroughly cleansesthe tender little stomach, liver andbowels without griping.When- cross, irritable, feverish orbreath is bad, stomach sour, look atthe tongue, mother! 'If coated,give a teaspoonful of this harmless"fruit laxative," and in a few hoursall the foul, constipated waste, sourbile and undigested food passes ouf.of the bowels, and you have a well,playful child again. When its little system is full of cold, throatsore, has stomach-ache, diarrhoea,indigestion, colic remember, agood "Inside cleansing" should always be the first treatment given.Millions of mothers keep "California Syrup of Figs" handy; theyknow a teaspoonful to-day saves asick child to-morrow. Ask yourdruggist for a bottle of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," which has directions for babies, children of allages and grown-ups printed on thebottle. Beware of counterfeits soldhere, so don't be fooled. Get thegenuine, made by "California FigSyrup Company." (adv)Just Pass It On.Inquisitive people ar the funnels ofconversation ; they do not take in anything for their own us, but merely tpass it to another. Steele.As we. get it, Mr. Wilton atnraanotice on Congress that if it la curious to know who's boss all It has todo to to start something.THE(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYGOVERHMEHT WAXES.WILL BEMELDW"- . v(Incorporate.)PARIS; KENTUCKVJt'y'irfwrwm rvixixiGerxw- si-jc: -raftaj-ji.sVI V I I HA DTrkmTOT-. -X-MarinelloRose Leaf Jellywill keep them smooth, whiteand delightfully scented. It isabsorbed auicklv leavmcr theskin without any trace of oihness.Tfr moif Via itcA1 Amir fimpo n ArtrJ"Zwith good results. Free sample anddemonstration or send two cents to coverI cost of mailing trial package and bookleton "Care of the Skin.'rM. A. PAT0HPhone 1010516 Main St.WELL! WELL! PERCY!The Richmond Daily Registersays: "Mr. Percy Reidj Richmond'swell-known tonsorial and pool roommagnate, gave the Daily Registerthe latest 'war news' Friday as follows: Food was scarce and Austria got so Hungary that KingPeter says 'I'll Servia.'So he wentRussiaing for a bit of Turkey, butslipped on Greece, fell down andbroke up China, got in Dutch andBrussels sprouted up with India-ig-nationand John Bulled his way in,but money is getting scarce, sothey'll have to Hock Der Kiaser."CATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of theear. There is only one way to curecatarrhal deafness, and that is byconstitutional remedy. Catarrhaldeafness is caused by an .inflamedcondition of the mucous lining ofthe eustachian tube. When thistube is inflamed you have -a- rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed; deafnessi& the result. Unless the injlammation can be reduced and this tubrestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever.Many cases of deafness are causedby catarrh, which is an fnflamedcondition of the mucous surfaces.Hall's Catarrh Medicine actsthrough the blood on the mucou3surfaces of the system.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case of Catarrhal Deafness that cannot -be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Medicine. Circulars free.All Druggists, 75 c. --F. J. CHENEY, & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.JJ$-X r-Vr.THE TOBAOgOEQSmfS,(Continued from" Page1)At -Bourbon WarcRoustFriday, Feb. 8.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold Friday, in their ParteWarehouse, 50,210 pounds of tobacco for $15,207.20, an average of$30.28 per hundred pounds. Intheir J3ourbon Warehouse they sold97,815 ppunds-for $29,132, an average of $29.85. The market wasstrong on all-grades. The followingcrop averages were reported:Burke, Brent & Gallager sold7,345 pounds of tobacco for an average of $40.35 per hundredpounds.M. B. Lovell & Son sold .3,255pounds for an average of $32.02 perhundred pounds.Skillman & McKinney sold 2,325pounds for an average of $31,18 perhundred pounds.Ben Woodford & Son sold 2,580pounds for an average of $30.16 perhundred pounds.- J. A. Farris & Son sold 3,480pounds for an average of $363-0 perhundred pounds.Hancock & Honican sold 12,980pounds for an average $30.38 -perhundred pounds.Grimes & Johnson sold 9,125pounds for an average of $37.72 perhundred pounds.Grimes & Butler sold 2,255pounds for an average of $31.16 pehundred pounds.Clay & Toohey sold 2,610 poundsfor an average of $34.78 per hundred founds.T. W. Current sold 2,310 poundsfor an average of $33.27 per hundredpounds. Burke, Brent & McDuffey sold1,835 pounds for an average of$32.65 per hundred pounds.White & Shepherd sold 3,850pounds for an average of $29.32 perhundred pounds.Brock & Cravens sold 3,585pounds for an average of $30.91 perhundred pounds.Brock & Kerns sold 15,100pounds for an average of $37.58 perhundred pounds.John N. Shropshire sold 3,545pounds for an average of $29.34 perhundred pounds.Stuart & Ham sold 3,845 poundsfor an jiverage of $33.82 per hundred pounds.The first sale Tuesday, Feb. 12,will be held at the Bourbon House.At Independent WarehouseFriday, Feb. 8.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse had a most successful &ale attheir warehouse on South MainStreet, Friday, disposing of a totalof 111,365 pounds of tobacco for$31,474.86, an average of $28.24per hundred pounds. The offeringscomprised a large amount of meanas well as low grade tobacco, as isevidenced, by the fact that the weedsold as low as $8 per hundredpounds, while the high price ob-kWAwmwiwimThe Bourbon)acco Warehouse Co.PARIS, KENTUCKYHolds the Worlds Record for a Tobacco CropHaving Sold for Burroughs Bros., of Millersburg, 1810 Pounds of Tobacco,the Product of an Acre and a Quarter ofLand, forAn Average of $49.62 vPrices by baskets follow 175 lbs. 38c; 105 lbs. 40c; 125 lbs. 49c; 90 lbs. 55c95 lbs. 50c; 170 lbs. 57c; 80 lbs. 55c, 90 lbs. 66c; 170 lbs. 51c; 165 lbs. 55c55 lbs, 75c; 20 lbs. 58c; 7$ lbs. 47c; 80 lbs. 44c; 125 lbs. 36c; 90 lbs. 30c. A largeper cent, of this crop was purchased by the American Tobacco Company.Some Other Good AverageSale Were -Buckley, Leer & Ransdale.Haskins & SonGraves & Wagoner .-.Connell & HerringtonHehr & Thomas....'.Ardery & DoyleBurke, Brent & MinkBryan & Beatty ..Bishop & Craycraft ..Roberts & Maher Bros....ii iBoarbonTobaccaWarebouseCoHolds Beside the Crop Record, the Market Record for Parishaving sold 2,825,095 pounds of tobacco for an averasrpof $27,55-and this average was also above the averasenfany market in Kentucky. . 'tained -dnriiiy the aaSe wa-fOr,hun,drtd jtwrfa. , Tr TOKgftPjectiohs and the growers were highly pleased with prices obtainedWard & Piper sold 1,005" pounds,average $35.26.Redmon & Ritchie sold 3,155pounds, average $30.26.Plummer, McClure & Vimont sold2,425 pounds, average $30.37. "-Plummer, McClure & Jones sold3,255 pounds, average $31.44.Leach & Yazell sold 5,325 pounds,average $27.75.Myers & Dale sold 1,910 pounds,average $39.87.Hutchcraft & Shoemaker sold1,095 pounds, average $29.28.Wagner & Blackburn sold 3,960pounds, average $30.18.Jesse Scott sold 4,105 pounds, average $29.92.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday,TRAINS94 Atlanta, daily . 5:20 amIt, Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:U'Ui17 Maysville, daily except Sunday. . .. .,...7:3S am40 Lcdngton daily except Sunday. . . ?, ...7i40 mmW Cincinnati, O., dally 10:05 am12 Lexington, dally 10:07 am33 Chicago, dally 10:20 an9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 5:40 am133 Lexington, Daily .'. . -t 3.10 am38 Knoxvllle, Tenn., Daily 3:1S mm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Snnday 5:5016 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:30 im32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily , . . . - 6 U5 pm13t Lexington Daily 1023 9 m31 Cincinnati, O., Daily r ! 10:30 pm210 Lexington, Sunday only , 12:30 pmi209 Maysville, Sunday only 5:40 pm-TRAINS FOR -Tr- ' LEAVNo. " 'v: "S !34 Cincinnati, daily .. .. 2:25 am.40 Cincinnati, daily except Snnday ' 7:45 mat17 Lexington daily except Sunday .....' 7:47 aia10 Maysville, daily except Snnday. . ' 7:4513 Lexington, daily except Sunday 10:28 am87 Knoxvllle, daily 10:35 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:25am129 Lexington, daily 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, daily ." 3:25 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday S:f7 fpi9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday C:tf fat16 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:45 pm32 Chicago, daily ... 6:5Q 91131 Ltcclmcton, Daily , lt:f7 pm31 Atlamta, Ga., Daily .." ..10:38 pm-210 Maysville, Sunday only 12:35 pm-209 Lexington, Sunday only 4:47 mNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky.t Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 atnf4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.... 6-50 p mTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 8:25 . m.I "Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday -..T... 1:25 p. m.(Incorporated).2530 pounds,..3990 pounds,.183 0 pounds,.4315 pounds,..1255 pounds,.3345 pounds,..7730 pounds,.3410 pounds,.1820 pounds,...2295 pounds,s&mLirm&,w-IIS25.i2.Boot A.Eeton told 1,860 ,average $36.22.W. R..Tnttle sold 2,845 powmUlaverage"$32.41.Meng & Collins sold 2,660 pound,average $28.54.Jacoby & Gray sold 2,175 pounds,average $37.63.Thompson, Burris & "Wagner sold.1,350 pounds, average $32.25.Wilson "Bros, sold 1,755 pounds;average $32.26.Ferguson & Jordan sold .4,610pounds, average $31.41.Young & Curtis sold 1,740 poundsaverage $37.23.White & Current sold 2,140"pounds, average $37.56.Dodge & Stoker sold 3,700 pounds, -average$33.31.June 17, 1517, 12:01 a. m..--. &r. iFROMARRIVALf -M?&t,I3vi::e3-t.a.j31L:e!.-rOn Thisaverage.,average,averageaverageaverage,averageaverageaverage$40.05- 35.0535.17.- 35.11- 37.38- 34.39- 34.7634.79- 33.58. 33.091v?iss'AWSJ&3JS,64? "s -t Hfe5&fiJUw "S-?sr- '3Sp- 3s-TL.HHHHaainjr r "v "1 .1:..TSMHUY, JMKUXliY 12, 1I1S.OT1 BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY.' ,."rYOU COOK YOUftFOOD -WHY NOTYOUR TOBACCO?YOU know what broilingdoes to steak, baking to apotato and toasting to bread,: In each case flavor is broughtout by cooking by "toasting."sSo you can imagine howtoasting improves the flavorof the Burley tobacco used inthe Lucky Strike Cigarette.itT IT'S TOASTED 'Qn CasEantee$lly',WL JhtAyteai(A1 n -" Wo'tCKT m ;"TO RECRUIT LAWYERS FORGOVERNMENT SERVICE.THANKS!&Reserve, which is enrolling: a greatindustrial array to back up thefighting men.Recruiting of lawyers for Govern- President Wilson has annrovedment service was added "Wednesday . an. offer of the war service commit-to the -work of the Public Service tee of the American Bar Association- j consisting of William H. Taf t, Elihu;Koot, Jacob M. Dickson, FrederickW. Lehmann and Geo. Sutherland,to create a reservoir of legal talentfrom which the .growing needs of allthe Government departments andwar agencies for legal advice willbe me The work will be carriedon .through the machinery of thePublic Service, and will be directedby John Lowell and Lawrence G.Brooks, of Massachusets.The Amarican Bar AssociationCommittee will urge the co-operationsof all State, county and cityassociations.)5 MGETTING RID OF COLDS.The easiest and quickest way toget rid of a cold is to take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Thi3preparation has been in use formany years and its value fullyproven. No matter what remedyyou use, however, care must betaken not to contract a second coldbefore you have recovered from thefirst one, and there is serious dangerof this. A man of- middle age orolder should go to bed and stay inbed until, fully recovered. It isbetter to stay in bed three days atthe start than three weeks later on.(adv-feb)hhhWhat Mr. Bryan doesn't knowabout the need of a Minister of Munitions would certainly make a volume of record-breaking proportions.1 Our Business for the Year1917 was More ThanDouble that of the Pre-r ceding Year.nf '' TIVvw 4-Vio Tn swl-j-fM ,-..jthanks to our patrons andtwish for them a happy andsuccessful venr in 1Q18 inI Sheirlbusiness Dursuits.ICALLAGAINWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376VICTIMS .OIUSCAM- DASASTER PROBABLY NUMBER 186.WASHINGTON, Feb. 11. Latestofficial -advices to the War Department have accounted for all-except 166 of the 2,156 American soldiers who were on board theBritish Liner Tuscania when a submarine sent her down Tuesdaynight off the Irish Coast.This figure was not final and highhopes that the loss of life wouldprove much smaller were built uponcabled press dispatches saying just101-men, most of them members ofthe crew, were missing among theentire force of soldiers7sailors andpassengers.The rescued were landed at widely separate Irish and Scotch ports,and while all reports tell "of elaborate arrangements for their careand comfort, urgent instructions torepresentatives of the War, Stateand Navy Departments that full details-of the disaster and a completerecord of the saved be sent at theearliest possible .moment Thursdaynight has brought but meager response. According to the War Department's official report Thursdaynight the total missing - from the2,387 persons aboard the liner was210. The latest dispatch gayethis Tecapitulation:Survivors United States troops,2,043; crew and passengers, 141;total, 2,184.On Board United States troops,2,156; crew and. passengers, 241;total, 2,397.Missing United States troops,113; crew and passengers, 97; total,210.Officials assumed that an error intransmission accounted for the discrepancy in this dispatch's figureson crew and passangers. The totalnumber of missing among all persons on board, 210, accords with, astatement of-the British Admiraltyissued early in the day, so the number of passengers and crew survivors probably should have been 166instead of 141.Virtually no story of the sinkingof the Tuscania has reached theGovernment through official channels. Dispatches from the Embassyat London and other resources sofar have been confined to tensestatements and announcements ofthe number saved.Press accounts consequently havebeen read with more than ordinaryinterest by every one. Army officersare proud of the way the troops behaved, and point to the story ofhow partially trained boys lined upon deck singing national airs toawait their turns in the boats asevidence of what may be expectedof American soldiers.To this absence of confusion andthe fact that the vessel remainedafloat for about two hours in acalm sea is attributed the small lossof life. The Tuscania was a part ora laree convoy and immediate relief was at hand. Patrol vessels'promptly answered calls for aid.There had been no mention inofficial messages Tuesday night ofsighted and pursued the submarinethat made the attack. The destroyerthat made the attack. The desstoyerprobably was British and BritishAdmiralty reports on the incidentwill be awaited 'with the keenest interest. It was officially confirmed at theNavy Department Thursday afternoon that the Tuscania was notonly a British Transport assigned tothe transport of American forces,but that she was under the complete control and convoy of Britishdestroyers from the time she leftHalifax until she reached the otherside.; g-:.--CKTO RtliUtilHWOMAN COMESOUT FOR IONICTanlac Improved Health SoShe Peels As Well AsEver Now.ThatMiss Ruth Hines, 226 WestChestnut street, Louisville, a clerkat Woolworth's, used to get up inmornings feeling all tired out.She. didn't have any appetite forbreakfast."But since I've been taking Tanlac," Miss Hines said," my appetitehas came back fine and I eat a lotmore than I used to."My system was in bad shape before I took Tanlac. I was botheredwith nervousness and I had sickheadaches often. Sometimes I gotup in mornings with a headachethat would last all day. I was restless at night and never got my restlike I should, and, of course, I felttired out when I got up."One bottle of Tanlac helped mynerves and I started to sleep better.Then my appetite got better and Xbegan io eat more. The secondbottle fixed me up fine and I didn'thave to take any more. The sickheadaches I used to have are allgone now and I think I feel as wellas I ever did in my life."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day. You can get Tanlacat G. S. Varden & Son's drug store.(adv)KENTUCKY JAILERS TO MEETAT FRANKFORT FEB. 13.HP1!W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTORMotor EquipmentBOTH PHONES-DAY 137; NIGHT 299Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KrNOW IS THE TINETO FIGURE ONSpring PaintingANDPaperingCALL US OVERHome Phone 399KANE BROS.AN IRISH PORT, Feb. 13. Thebodies of forty-four of the missing200 victims of the Tuscania disasterwere washed up Thursday on therocks fifteen miles from the scene ofthe torpedoing. All were Americansand their bodies were mutilated beyond recognition.A pathetic feature is that, although all the victims wore tags, noIdentification numbers had been puton them because these Americans hadnot as yet been assigned-to definiteunits. Therefore, there is no way toidentify them and they will be buriedin one grave..THAT TERRIBLE HEADACHE.With the view of discussing legislation, which, it is believed willprove beneficial to the members ofthe organization, the Kentucky Jail-ers' Association has been called tomeet at Frankfort on February 13.The call has been issued by JailerJames Mullins, of Wincnesrer, president of the Association.The occasion will be the ninth annual meeting of the association, thesessions of which will be held at thecourt house a.t the capital. .President Mullins in his call for themeeting impressed the urgency ofthe members of the organization attending the meeting.UNCEASING MISERYSomeParis Kidney SufferersLittle Rest or Comfort.GetDo you have periodical attacks ofheadache, accompanied by sicknessof the stomach or vomiting, a sallow skin and dull eyesr If so, yewcan- get quick relier. Jby takingChamberlain's Tablets as directedfor biliousness, and 'you may be ableto avoid these attacks if you observe the directions with each package. -(adv-feb)To Holders of the 1 9 1 7 Burley CropWe believeBurley Tobacco sold at prevailing prices is being sacrificed,and that the same Jtobacco left hanging and not offered for sale- until properly cured will bring 25 per cent, more money.We suggestYour serious consideration of this suggestion arid that you redryyour tobacco and offer it for sale in summer order.Louisville Tobacco Warehouse Company- INCORPORATED r JLouisville, KentuckyLouisville HousePianters-Central HouseKentucky-Peoples HouseFarmers HouseNinthStreet HouseHome HouseThere is little sleep, little restlittle peace for many a suffererfrom' kidney trouble. Life is onecontinual round of pain. You can'trest at night "When there's kidneybackache. You suffer twinges and"stabs' of pain, annoying urinarydisorders, lameness and nervousness.You can't be comfortable at workwith darting pains and blinding dizzy spells. Neglect these ailmentsand serious troubles may follow.Begin using Doan's Kidney Pills atthe. first sign of disorder. Thousands have testified to their merit.Proof of merit in Paris testimony:Philip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main street, says; "Ihave used Doan's Kidney'Pills a fewtime in the past- and have beengreatlybeneflted. At times my backwas weak and lame and the kidneysecretions passed too freely, makingme- get up often at night. I haveused a box of Doan's Kidney Pillsat times and they liave always ridme of the complaint. I think theyare a splendid medicine and gladlyrecommend thenT." "Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mr. Heller had. Foster-Mil-burn,Mfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)MARGOLEN'SThe Right NumberWhen you go out to make a call in person'you alwaysassure yourself of the right address.In making a telephone call it saves a lot of time andbother to be sure of the number.The absolutely sure way is to first consult the telephone directorynot trusting to memoryand then,listen carefully when the operator repeats back to youthe number, correcting her if she is wrong.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go,J. J. VEATGH,- - District Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CAHHOH,XMtUuaagerCwin Bros. Department storeSeventh and main St$. Pari, Kutuckf1 .Here We Are!Just What You Have Been Waiting Fora Good WhileLadies' HatsAll Good98cTo close them out. Plenty to choosefrom. All of them go at thisbis offering.BUY A THRIFT STAMP!Reelfoot LakeFishDressed to OrderFree of Charge !BEEF, PORK,VEAL, MUTTONMARGOLEN'SrMMMMMWllWM"WWWMMWWMMI;The Bourbon Laundry' DWIS & FUNK, Props.-Telephone No. 4. West S Street' " 1 r jSatisfactionWitchworiis OirWith all the -latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,PmriwT KMtiioky.SB8iiI9JJ-U-jW!Sanitary Meat Market-r--- a;--.-v- ,v"Si?$;''' TgFr!--rL.-V' -tVSj " '-46r'r- -. "THE BOURBON, NEWS, PAMSKYTUMBDiLT, JWHTTABT 11, liltPAGE EIGHT4 1X1 filflil M'1'M"I"M''M i'l H !! "M-M4 M1HI 0 ! ' ll l iltGRAND? IV1 1IVt-1l hm53- ij The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMBRSMain .andSkthStreetsParis Ky.Day phone 36Nisht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.tiim ifst'K'frW"!''!''!"!'MILLERSBURGMrs. Adak McClintock improves slowly."Mr. J. H. Stewart who has beenconfined to his Iiome for severalweeks with illness is able to be outagain.' Mr. W. G. McClintock and family, of Paris, were at the bedside cfJiis mother, Mrs. Adah McClintock,Sunday.Mr. G. W. Bramblette, who underwent an operation recently atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, Lexington, is doing nicely.v Mrs. R. M. Caldwell was at thebedside of her sister, Mrs. GeorgeJeffreys, at Lexington, Friday, wholias been ill, but is now improving.Mr. T. P. Rigon. left Thursdaylor Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, where he had been called andaccepted. He had applied for training in the aviationdepartment.There was a large attendanceat the regular meeting of the CityCouncil held, in the Council Chamber Wednesday night, when the. principal business before the Council was the matter of grantinglicenses for operating pool rooms inthe city. The application of Mr. T.E. Bowles for a license to open andoperate a pool room in the propertyrecently vacated by Mr. I. F. Forrnan, was turned down. A letterfrom Messrs. Talbott & Whitley, of.Paris, asking for a reopening of thoapplication in the Jesse Cumber case was received and tabled.Other applications were also turneddown, and the whole matter, onmotion, was left to another meeting-of the Council.ta tpw tonDAFTCLLE MESSENGER SOLD.Mr. J. C. Alcock, Secretary of theKentucky Press Association, and-owner and editor of the Jeffersohian, has purchased and takencharge of the Danville Messenger,one of the best and oldest weeklypapers in the State. Mr. Alcockplans to make a number of improvements in the plant, and to maintain the high standard which hascharacterized the Messenger formany years.rCol. Louis Landrum. whose bril-"'lii.nt-editorials have been a featureof the paper for years, is very illat his home in Danville, and it isnot known whether he will continue with the Messenger under thenew ownership or not.DEATHS.MAHER.' The fun era. 1 nf Mrs .TnspnhinpMaher, who died at her home inLexington, was held at St. Peter'sCatholic church, in Lexington atnine o clock Saturday morningThe body was brought to Paris fori interment at 11:15 o'clock. Thepall-bearers were Frank Minor, R.J. McGurk, J. T. Sullivan, J. A.Monaghan, B. B. Smith and F. T.Plsenbrock.BOOTH.The funeral and burial of Mrs.Angelina Reye Booth, aged seventynine, who died at her home inMinerva, last week, following anillness due to infirmities of age,was heid at the old family buryinggorunds near Minerva, with servicesconducted at the grave. Mrs.. Boothwas an aunt of Mr. James Rye, ofParis. She is survived by severalchildren.LITTLBJOHN.Capt. Geo. W. Littlejohn, agedeighty-four, a pioneer resident ofGeorgetown, died at his home inthat city last week after a twoweeks' illness. The remins were interred in the Georgetown Cemetery.Dr. Littlejohn was a veteran ofthe Civil War having been on thestaff of Gen. E. H. Hobson, in thecampaigns through Kentucky andVirginia. He was a member of theMasonic order for sixty years, anda member of the Christian churchan equal length of time, havingshortly after the battle between theonion forces and Gen. John H. Morgan's command.MhKHOME PAPERS PREFERREDsIf you want to please your soldierboy at the front, send him the homopaper regularly. Soldiers returningon furloughs from training campdeclare that of all the mail receivedby the boys in camp, thepapersJ fiom their home towns areTthe mosti highly appreciated., THE BOURBON NEWS goes to aUanre number of-Paris and "Rnnrhmiand boys in the various army andj navy camps, and is a most welcomevisitor. Tne boys tell us they readevery line, and enjoy it to the veryutmost. THE NEWS tries to tellthem all the news.Wednesday, February 13thPauline Frederick"Double - Crossed5A Paramount Picture.WM. DUNCAN and CAROL HOLLOWAY' j in the eighth episode of"Vengeance and the Woman"Bray's Pictographs and Klever KomcdyThursday, February 14th- Alamo Afternoon and Night- Alice Bradyin Big Select Picture ''Woman and Wife5Adapted from Charlotte Bronte's"Jane Eyre"Directed by Edward Jose.At the AlamoChildren 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.I riCCSi At the Paris Grand-Children 5c-war tax lc: Adult 13c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- warlax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamoParis Grand...2 to 5:30.7 to 10:30MATRIMONIAL.HUGHES FARLEY.At his home on Main street, inthis city last Wednesday, Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn, pastor ofthe Church of the Annunciation,officiated at the wedding of Mrs.Elizabeth Gregory -Hughes, of thiscity, and Mr. John Farley, of-Frankfort. The ceremony was performed in the presence of Mr. andMrs. James George, of Carlisle, thelatter a sister of the bride.Mrs. Farley was the widow ofMr. J. W. Hughes, of Paris, whomet a tragic death at his place tffbusiness on -Third street, when amachine bar fell on him. She i-;a daughter of the late Mrs. Elizabeth Gregory, and a sister of Mr.George Gregory, of Lexington. Thegroom is a prominent contractor ofFrankfort, who has been makinghis home in Paris for the past year.Mr. and Mrs. Farley will reside atthe home of the bride, on Mainstreet, in Paris.MftlfeRELIGIOUS.Union services of the ParisProtestant churches were held atthe Methodist church Sunday night,at seven o'clock. The sermon wasdelivered by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of; the Paris Christian church.LOCAL COMPANY CLOSES DEALFOR 16,000 ACRES.WAR SAVINGS.Thrift Stamps and War SavingsStamps are the most democratic ofinvestments and America expectsevery American to show love of republican institution by investingin this Democratic security. Theaggregate amount of the investments and the number of investorsin these War Savings securities arein a way the answer of the peopleof this great Democracy to the callof-the cause of democracy throughout the world and the vindicationof civilization and humanity.They afford every person, however humble and however small hismeans, the opportunity to contribute his part, to do his bit, in thisgreat struggle against the militarymasters of Germany who seek todominate the world in contempt ofjustice and right and freedom andwithout conscience and withoutmercy.Surely every American desires tohave a part in the defeat of autocracy and the success of liberty !right. I?P IE MBIRTHS.In Lexington, to the wife ofMr. J. Fithian Shipp, formerly ofParis, a daughter, christened Barbara Anne.QUALITY, OR PRICE?While many firms guarantee their goods to be "as represented," ours are guaranteed to GIVE SATISFACTIONQuite a difference when you come to think it over.The lowest-priced goods and the inferiqr goods maybe "as represented," but the quality is not there. Theyare cheap in price and cheap in quality, for one cannotget something for nothing.The seasonable goods offered below arethe highest quality at the right price.Brooks' Cold- Tablets .... 25c per boxContains no harmful drugs. A simple but effective remedy.Penslar White Pine and Spruce Balsam25c and 50c per bottleAn effectire cough remedy.Hazola Toilet Cream . . . 25c per bottleIs a superior Toilet Article for chapped face hands andlips.Now is the time to buy that Ht Water Bottle. Oursare guaranteed and they will afford you a lotx of comfortin this cold weather. Price $1.25 to $1.50.Ask your doctor about our prescriptions.He knows, they are the best in town.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.Establishod 1878 415 Main StrWith the passing of the snow,the approach of warm weather andsunny days activities in the oilfields of Kentucky are greatly onincrease, according to reports fromarious sources.According to information givenout yesterday the Bourbon Oil &Development Co., of Paris, has justclosed a deal for uixteen thousandacres of what is considered veryattractive oil and gas leases inJohnson, Morgan, Leslie, Knox,Whitley, Laurel, Pulaski, McCrearyand" Bell counties. With the announcement of these leases it wa-jalso stated that the Bourbon company is planning an extensive drilling campaign for the early spring.It is stated that they have manywells already under way in thecounties named, and that indications are that work will be morevigorously pushed with the-comingof spring weather.This company, it was further .stated, already has several thous-and acres of valuable leases in Es-jtill, Lee, Elliott, Magoffin, Law-'rence, Morgan and other counties,with some production and royalties in Estill, Lee and Carter counties. Mr. James M. Moreland, ofParis, former .member of the Parispolice force, is now associated withthe Bourbon company, as field superintendent of the drilling squadsoperating in the Estill county,!fields.xostexture.me in and see the line while it is complete. Theattractive numbers in our window show only a small part mSr 4-V ovfoncura linn trri wnnr Vrr i- nl-Al. rfe-1'j. nc cAiciioirc line wc UUW IldVC III OWUCIV.TELEPHONE YOUR DRUG NEEDSBOTH PHONES 50ARDERY DRUG COMPANY41t MAIN STREET PARIS, KENTUCKYJor fashionableCorrespondence- Your friends judge you by the-style of stationery ycu IIKP. &Your letter is a personal envy. Let it be dressed ac- icording to tashion's latest dictates. aIf vou like distinctive stvles in stnlinnorv ha sura fsee our ' m9few Spring Stationery jTf 11" ill 13 130 rill -'Uz-k ln't-nni- sm-nli-r, ! T J. J .1j-v luwuuw an uic laicai uunucito m anaue. unL ana isasyINSURANCE FOR EVERYFIGHTER.The Treasury Department is making every effortto have every member of America's fighting forcestake advantage of the Governmentinsurance plan, which SecretaryMcAdoo asserts tobe "the most justand humane provision ever made byany nation for its soldiers and sailors.' The purpose is rapidly beingachieved, the insurance havingpassed the third billipn mark in thetotal of policies written, and thereare many military units in whichevery .member has taken insurance.The automatic insurance provided by the law is only partial andlimited protection, payable only towife, child, or widowed mother andceases after February 12, 1918. Itis important, therefore, not only tothe soldiers and sailors of the country, but to their families "and dependents, that before that date theyavail themselves of the full Government -protection, which can go ashigh as $10,000 and is payable to awife, husband, child, grandfather,parent, brother or sister.The law also provides for the reeducation and, rehabilitation of thetotally disabled acrid monthly compensation -to' those disabled;-"This Store Will Be Closed on MondaysyClearance Sale!APf?3C-SLASHlNG SALE OF WINTER FOOTWEAR! In spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom, we are compelled to make a GENERAL CLEARANCE AND TURNINTO CASH the balance of ourHIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sWINTER FOOTWEAR!The Following are But a Few of the Many Extraordinary BargainsThat Await You Here :Men's Tan English Shoes q jq$5.00 values at tfOUMen's Russ. Tan English Beacon a rn$5.50" values at $.DUMeri's Patent English Nettleton anddjo qcother makes $7.00 values at pOJOMen's Gun, Metal Button Walk-Over, djo pjasmall sizes, at pO.IUMen's Gun Metal Button y $o a a$3.50 values at $&.itVMen's Gun Metal Lace fci aapi.uu$2.75 values atLadi' Havana Brown Tan English D A A&.00 values at $3.49Ladies' Dark Tan Enlsh Boots " j M$6.00 values at -T T $4.49Ladies' Tan Louis Heel Boots I A-$6.00 values at, $3.95Ladies-' Black Kid and Grey Cloth mTop Boots $5.00 values at. . . $3.49Ladies' Gun Metal Button Irt M-3.00 values at $2.49Ladies' Assorted Small Size i nnShoes $4.00 values' at .'..!. 03-$ l.kBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Clearance Sale Prices.Lot of Men's Rubbers at 79c Lot of Ladies' Rubbers at 59cSale Now Going On!For Cash Only!DAN COHENWhere Beauty and" Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe StoreMmIortJ'&K 1JVKv'v